
PAGE 1

We Inform. You Decide.www.alligator.orgNot officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida FOLLOW US ONLINE FOR UPDATES @FloridaAlligator @TheAlligator_ @TheAlligator A new festivalThe Native American festival was held in Gainesville this past pg. 8For the veteransVietnam Veterans were honored in Alachua County, pg. 9 Gators drop series to Ole MissCatcher Jordan Roberts and the UF softball team lost their third SEC series in a row, pg. 14MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 VOLUME 113 ISSUE 75Chris King / Alligator StaffPhoto Finish Read the story on pg. 14. THE UF FACULTY SENATE PRESIDENT OPPOSED THE DECISION By Kelly HayesAlligator Staff Writer Faculty and non-student members of UF will pay more to park on campus soon. The UF Board of Trustees approved the proposal to increase non-student decals by 5.5 percent, or by $18, as the third phase of the plan to fund the new parking garage, which is currently under construction at the commuter lot on Gale Lemerand. It is scheduled for completion in February 2020. The orange and blue decals will be $396, compared to the prior $378, effective May 1, according to the meeting notes. Faculty Senate President Katie Vogel-Anderson opposed. I appreciate the new parking garage that increases net parking spaces, Vogel-Anderson said. I just dont feel in favor of this regulation to increase parking prices for faculty. Parking decals had a 7 percent increase in May as part of the plan to pay for the new garage. As of 2018, the new garage had a maximum budget of $34.2 million. The approval of parking decal increases was just one of the boards key actions on Friday, which concluded a two-day meeting which started Thursday afternoon. At the Friday meeting, the trustees also approved 18 new appointSupport Organizations, which have been set up to support the university, said UF spokesperson Steve Orlando. UF Board of Trustees increases cost of non-student parking decals SEE BOARD MEETING, PAGE 4 By Angela DiMicheleAlligator Staff Writer UF placed a West African dance professor on paid administrative leave in October following a claim of sexual harassment. He taught for 14 years. vision of UF Human Resources, Employee Relations, led two investigations of former proharassed a woman by making inappropriate comments and sexting her, according to public records from the university. It is unclear whether the woman is a student or an employee. A sext is a text that is sexual or sexually suggestive in nature. write English well, and other people had access to his UF emails. came to UF as a guest performer in 1997, and the university created a permanent position for him in 2003. His salary as of Fall 2018 was $31,449.10. quested public records from UF in November after a student told a reporter that students were not told why. Records detailing the investigation and its conclusion were received Thursday. ee experiences sexual harassment, sexual assault or gender-based discrimination, schools are responsible for stopping it and preventing any recurrence. The investigation paperwork The Alligator UF professor placed on leave after sexting accusation SEE Da COSTA, PAGE 3DaCosta MORE THAN $3.2 MILLION WAS RAISED By Josephine FullerAlligator Staff Writer These are some of the things that Madison Gore brought Gore, an 18-year-old UF political science freshman, danced with her sorority, Alpha Epsilon Phi, for 26.2 hours to raise money for sick children. soon as she knew her sorority would participate. soon as I could, she said. insurance companies dont fully cover. UF Health Shands The teams raise money for 74 miracle families, which are families that have children who are being treated at Shands. $3,230,025.23. Last year it set a record when participants raised $3,026,420.19. Over the past 25 years, UF has raised more than $18.2 million and danced for 704.2 hours, according to a stateDance Marathon hits new recordSEE DM, PAGE 4 

PAGE 2

Todays Weather WHAT'S HAPPENINGTODAYCampus Earth Week When: Monday-Saturday, opening ceremony 6 p.m. Monday Where: University Auditorium What: The UF Office of Sustainability will celebrate Campus Earth Week. On Monday, the week will open with a keynote lecture, Q&A and book signing by Julian Agyeman, a researcher, expert, author, scholar and originator of the concept "just sustainabilities," the intentional integration of social justice and sustainability. The event is free and open to the public. UFs Office of Sustainability will celebrate Campus Earth Week with a series of events taking place from Monday to Saturday. After the keynote speech, the rest of the week will follow with the annual Sustainability Showcase on Wednesday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Reitz Union. This activity fair will feature more than 20 campus and community organizations representing a variety of sustainability topics. The week of events will conclude with Clean-Upalooza, the first campus clean-up and invasive plant removal event at UF, from 9:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. on Saturday. Volunteers can register at one of four conservation areas on campus. Information about all of the Campus Earth Week events can be found at http://sustainable. ufl.edu/2019-campus-earthweek/ or by emailing info@ sustainability.ufl.edu. Elegance of Science winners to present their work April 1 at Florida Museum When: Noon-1:30 p.m. Where: Florida Museum of Natural History, Lucille T. Maloney Classroom What: The Florida Museum of Natural History and Marston Science Library will host the free annual Elegance of Science art contest to showcase art inspired by the research, scientific tools or concepts of UF students, faculty and staff. This years winners will present their submissions. Refreshments will be served. For more information on the Elegance of Science competition, visit www.floridamuseum.ufl.edu/event/eos-awards. RPB Presents: Jaboukie YoungWhite When: 7-8:30 p.m. Where: Reitz Union, Grand Ballroom What: Known for his hilarious social media presence and quick wit on shows like The Daily Show, comedian Jaboukie Young-White will perform for free for UF students with a valid Gator 1 Card. No tickets are required. The OG is getting pranked When: 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Where: Krispy Kreme, at 306 NW 13th St. What: The original glazed donut shape is changed on April Fools Day. People in their wackiest outfit will get a free original glazed donut in a surprise shape. There will be kids activities throughout the day, including coloring, donut decorating, a photobooth and giveaways. The Chick-fil-A cow and the Alachua County Sheriff Youth and Community Research Units ice cream truck will make an appearance.WEDNESDAYRPB Presents: Greetings from Florida When: Noon-3 p.m. Where: Reitz Union, North Lawn What: Students can experience iconic attractions from around Florida. There will be a Wynwood Wall photo booth, do-it-yourself Mickey ears, a mechanical gator and surfing at Panama City Beach. The event is free for UF students with a Gator 1 Card. Take Back the Night: March and Rally to End Sexual Violence When: 5:30-8:30 p.m. Where: Plaza of the Americas What: Survivors are invited to share their stories at an open mic and participate in a demonstration supporting them and supporting ending sexual violence. There will be free T-shirts to participants while supplies last. From 5:30 to 6 p.m. there will be poster making, activities, performances and the T-shirt giveaway. From 6 to 6:15 p.m. Maddy Coy from Chant Practice will speak. From 6:15 to 7 p.m. demonstrators will march. From 7:15 to 8:30 p.m. there will be more speakers, an open mic and an art display. THURSDAYChocolate and Wine Tasting When: 6:15-7:30 p.m. Where: Downtown Wine and Cheese, at 113 N. Main St. What: For $15 a person, attendees can sample perfect pairings of wine and chocolate. There will be happy hour all night with $5 glasses of wine. Attendees also get discounts on all bottle purchases. Advance tickets available at www.downtownwineandcheese.com.Subscription Rate: Full Year (All Semesters) $100The Alligator The Alligator The Independent Florida Alligator The Alligator The Alligator The Alligator ISSN 0889-2423 Corrections: or email alligator alligator.org/calendarLocal Events / News in BriefAM NOON PM 2 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 Got something going on? to Engagement Managing Editor Editor Digital Managing Editor Opinions Editor University Editor Features Editor Sports Editor Assistant Sports Editor Online Sports Editor Editorial Board Multimedia Editor the Avenue Editor Copy Desk ChiefsNEWSROOM Metro Editor Advertising Office Manager Intern Coordinator Sales Representatives CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING BUSINESS Classified Advertising Manager Administrative Assistant Comptroller Bookkeeper General Manager Administrative Assistant President Emeritus SYSTEMSIT System Engineer PRODUCTIONProduction Manager Assistant Production Manager Editorial Production Staff ADMINISTRATION  DISPLAY ADVERTISINGCopy Editors VOLUME 113 ISSUE 75 

PAGE 3

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 ALLIGATOR 3The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc., publisher ofEditora paid position as head of the Editorial Division and as an unpaid member of the Board of DirectorsEngagement Managing Editor and Digital Managing Editorpaid positions and unpaid members of the Board of Directors.The applications for these positions are available at the Alligator Tuesday through Friday between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. from now until Wednesday, April 3rd. Friday, April 5th at 4 p.m. THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE DEADLINE. Friday, April 12th at 1 p.m. Alligator. Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer announces the opening of the following positions for the summer semester: received was signed by a Title IX investigator and dated on Oct. 15, but the time range of when the sexual harassment occurred is censored from the records. Evidence found in the Title IX investigation led Employee Relations to begin another formal investigation of DaCosta at the same time. This second investigation began on Aug. 6. In the records, a letter to former College that an employee within her college was being investigated. Lavelli served as dean from 2006 until current Dean Onye Ozuzu started in August. Records from the Employee Relations investigation show DaCosta violated UF Information Technology policy and violated two His birthdate differs on records, ranging nine years. Some state he was born in 1968, while others say he was born in 1959. DaCosta told the investigator that record keeping in Guinea is poor, so his Guinean passport showed the wrong birth year. In multiple emails from DaCostas address to the Title IX investigator Paige Cook, someone responded on DaCostas behalf. DaCosta said in the records that students helped him answer emails and texts because his education in Guinea was poor. At least two students had access to his UF email and phone. UF policy says accounts and passwords cannot be used by anyone but the employee or student the account belongs to. DaCosta declined to answer questions about these investigations when contacted Friday. A letter signed by Dean Onye Ozuzu on placed on paid administrative leave after the ter on Nov. 20 and did not give any reason in his letter. Ozuzu declined to comment when contacted in Fall. Though records last described DaCosta as on administrative leave with pay, it is not immediately clear if he is still being paid. UF spokesperson Steve Orlando, who was contacted Friday, said he was unable to provide answers until at least today. Cook spoke with the woman who allegedly received sexts and verbal inappropriate comments from DaCosta. The woman provided Cook with a timeline of the instances and information from witnesses, according to the investigation report. The woman told Cook the texts were from DaCosta, and she viewed them as inappropriate. The record said that the text messages are now inaccessible. Some exhibits included were text screenshots received by the woman from DaCostas phone number and a photograph provided by her that she allegedly received from DaCosta. The woman could not be reached for comment because her name and information were censored in the records. The records show 12 people listed as witnesses were interviewed in the sexual harassment investigation. About nine UF students, faculty and staff in total declined to comment or did not respond by deadline when contacted about DaCostas resignation. One employee at Santa Fe College declined to be quoted Friday when asked if DaCosta still works at the school. DaCostas name, email and phone number are still listed on Santa Fe Colleges directory. chair, could not be reached for comment. Constance Darrisaw, a 21-year-old UF entomology and nematology senior, said in October she was surprised to hear rumors circulating in one of DaCostas two dance classes that he may be in trouble. She noticed all semester he seemed cautious not to touch students when showing dance movements to the class. Darrisaw said she did not hear anything about the professor inappropriately texting a woman while in the class, but she heard other rumors. Rachel Chozick, a 21-year old UF business administration senior, also took DaCostas West African dance class in the Fall. I never saw him as that kind of person, Chozick said. In class, he was very passionate about teaching, and thats the only side I ever saw. Chozick said DaCosta did not show up to class one day in November. He never returned. Chozick and Darrisaw both said they remembered seeing a man observe the class and take notes while DaCosta was still teaching. The students were never told who this person was or why he was there. Darrisaw said the man taking notes later told the class DaCosta would not return to teach but did not provide any other information. The university determined that the frequency and severity of any physical or verbal conduct were physically threatening or humiliating and that the conduct unreasonably interfered with DaCostas ability to do his job, according to the records. Though the records state there wasnt suftouching or touching of a sexual nature, UF determined the impact of the conduct to be ual harassment allegation was proven. If you have any details regarding this case or any other similar cases involving UF faculty, staff or employees, please contact reporter Angie DiMichele at adimichele@ alligator.org or on Twitter at @angdimi.Da COSTA, from pg. 1He declined to answer questions 

PAGE 4

More than 5,000 people participated, including 825 students dancing, who helped raise funds, the statement said. Of the funds raised for Shands, 48 percent goes to its research, 42 percent goes to its patient care and 10 percent goes to its education, said Connor Bennett, the Dance MaraOne of the teams that participated was the UF American Medical Student Association, which raised money for Bennett, who is part of a miracle family. The group met Bennett last year at an event. We instantly fell in love. Hes a little bundle of energy and joy, said Amanda Martinez, a 22-year-old UF microbiology and cell science senior. Martinezs team raised more than $15,000 for Bennett. They set up multiple donation drives on Venmo, a smartphone app that allows people to send money to each other. Gore and her sorority raised money for brothers Jude and Oliver. They were born three months early and spent those months in Shands Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Now at 7 years old, the boys face issues with asthma and some allergies, Gore said. On her own, she raised more than $800. Her sorority raised at least $25,000. Its so nice to see them as just kids hanging out with us after all theyve been through, she said. Its really cool seeing it all come together and seeing all the families weve been raising money for. @JoFuller24 jfuller@alligator.orgONLINE VOTING WAS LAST ON THE BALLOT IN SPRING 2017 By Hannah BeattyAlligator Staff Writer Some UF students are reviving an effort to implement online voting in Student Government elections. Michael Russel, a UF political science masters student, started a petition to be considered by the UF SG Supreme Court on Wednesday. The petition strives to reverse a 2016 ruling that counted abstentions, a vote neither for or against, in the total vote count of an election, the 23-year-old said. Because of this ruling, amendments including online voting were unable to meet the threeEvery SEC school has remote online voting. Every major university in the state of Florida has it, Russel said. In terms of online voting, UF is pretty behind, and its mostly because of our constitutional limits on it. SG online voting is available at universities such as University of North Florida, Texas A&M University and the University of Georgia. If the case is taken on by the UF SG Supreme Court, another meeting will be scheduled to formally hear the matter from the writer of the petition and an opposing voice, if there is one, Russel said. The amendments affected by this reversal would then be restored to the Student Body Constitution. The argument is based on article nine, section four of the Student Body Constitution, which states that Florida laws are superior to SG codes, Russel said. According to Florida election codes, abstentions do not count in the In Spring 2016, online voting received 6,047 yes votes and 2,751 no votes. It appeared online voting passed with 69 percent of the vote. However, the Supreme Court ruled on June 25, 2016, that abstentions count in the total vote count. Therefore, the 1,896 people who did not vote either way were counted into the total vote count, and online voting did not Russel worked in the Access Party administration under Student Body President Joselin Padron-Rasines as the legislative director. He said he was also the chair of the online voting task force. Russel said he revived Global Vote, a coalition that seeks to partner with students and SG ofonline voting. The Facebook page restarted Wednesday after a twoyear hiatus. Online voting isnt a partisan issue, but Russel said he has reached out to both Inspire and Impact parties. Senate Minority Leader Ashley Grabowski said online votby increasing voter turnout, particularly for people who may be studying abroad or have physical barriers to voting in-person. Its going to give more people a voice, Grabowski said. Members of Impact party could not be reached for immediate comment. @hannahbeatty_ hbeatty@alligator.orgPetition may bring online voting to UFs campusOnline Voting TimelineFeb. 17, 2016: Online voting seems to pass with more than 6,000 votes. June 25, 2016: UF Student Government Supreme Court rules that abstentions count in total vote count. This overturned the implementation of online voting. July 26, 2016: UF SG Senate puts online voting back on the ballot for 2017. Feb. 22, 2017: Online voting receives 1,883 yes votes, 794 no votes and 4,192 abstentions. March 27: Michael Russel submits a petition to the UF SG Supreme Court to reverse how abstentions are counted. April 3: UF SG Supreme Court will hear a petition on how to count abstention votes, which could implement online voting at UF. The Direct-Support Organizations receiving the new appointees include the UF Citrus Research Development Foundation, UF Alumni Association, UF Investment Corporation, UF Research Foundation and UF Leadership and Education Foundation. The board also approved the following namings of philanthropic individuals on university facilities: Kathy and Tom Shannon Family Concourse (West Side of Ben Association Pavilion, Kincart Family Gardena and Adam Michael Rosen Neuromedicine Clinic. The board meeting was not met without controversy. Divest UF, a student activist group, protested outside Emerson Hall while the meeting broke for lunch. When the meeting reconvened for public comment, seven members of the organization spoke. Were pressuring admin and the Board of Trustees to pull [money] out of toxic industries, including fossil fuel corporations, private prisons and other human rights violations, said Jojo Sacks, a 20-year-old UF anthropology senior and a student organizer for Divest UF. In response, the university released a statement saying the UF Investment Corporation Board voted to adopt an enhanced Environmental, Social and Governance policy. This will call for a thoughtful and holistic review of investment decisions that incorporate environmental, social and governance factors, the statement says. My generation is the one that will begin to feel the impacts of climate change, Sacks said to the board. As students, we will not allow our institutions to put corporate greed ahead of humanity. Collectively, our voices will be heard. @kellyrhayes khayes@alligator.orgBOARD MEETING, from pg. 1A student group protested, spoke Chris King / Alligator StaffAndrew Jensen, the overall director of Dance Marathon 2019, rocks out during the Savants of Souls performance Saturday night in the OConnell Center. Dance Marathon lasted for 26.2 hours and raised $3,230,025.23 for children at UF Health Shands Childrens Hospital and Childrens Miracle Network. DM, from pg. 1About half of funds raised goes to researchDance Marathon over the years2018: $3,026,420.19 2017: $2,724,324.19 2016: $2,434,315.18 2015: $2,015,307.17 2014: $1,528,330.16 

PAGE 5

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 ALLIGATOR 5 THE DUO WILL JOIN MORE THAN 40 INVENTORS By Tamarra ThalAlligator Contributing WriterUF will reach double digits in the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame. On March 26, the Hall of Fame announced that a UF alumnus and a UF professor will be inducted into the 2019 cohort. Eight other UF Florida Inventors Hall of Fame. The duo will be inducted Sept. 20. be something new. It can just spark something was selected for his invention of the triple quadrupole mass spectrometer, an instrument lion in annual sales, he said. ics processing unit, which creates interactive Other notable inductees include Herbert Wertheim for his invention of the ultraviolet The list, which started in 2013 and now has more than 40 people, brings innovative talent tween inventors. UF alumnus and professor to be inducted to 2019 Florida Inventors Hall of FameHE HAD A $5,000 BOND By Katherine Wallace-FernandezAlligator Staff Writer dragging a pregnant woman from a car The woman is pregnant with his child While the passenger door was open, the woman fell out of the car, the report but he kept driving. She was dragged daughter from falling out of the car. cident and tried to help at Conde to stop, the report said. ated the car twice. He knew her daughter was in the car and that she was pregnant, the report said. Conde was charged with aggravated report said. ment. @katwf98 kwallace-fernandez@alligator.orgACSO: Man accused of causing pregnant woman to fall from carSHE HAD A $15,000 BOND By Katherine Wallace-FernandezAlligator Staff Writer and another was under the name of a former puter, the report said. Hushelpeck said she deleted it to update it and to herself, using credit card refunds and chargebacks. the Star Center Theatre and said. She also underreported her income on IRS forms. the report said. Hushelpeck could not be reached for comment. @katwf98 kwallace-fernandez@alligator.orgWoman accused of stealing more than $150,000 from employerHushelpeck Conde 

PAGE 6

Column For The Kids. It has a nice ring to it. After all, helping sick kids is important. Many of us want to support the kids in their recovery. Thats what Dance Marathon is about, being there For The Kids. But, what does that actually mean? Does that mean youre spending your time meeting children and learning about their stories? Are you raising money in hopes of told, and its all the proof we have. Your word and a simple slogan. Dance Marathon is a year long effort by students across the country to raise money for sick children that ends in some kind of celebration. At UF, money is raised for over 77 miracle families that end in an event in the OConnell Center where students stay on their feet for 26.2 hours. UFs own Dance Marathon program raised the second most amount of money in the nation last year. On Sunday, Dance Marathon at UF raised $3,230,025.23, which is about $200,000 more than the previous year. That is an incredible amount of money for an incredible cause. According to Dance Marathon at UFs website, 48 percent of the money raised goes to research, 42 percent goes to patient care and the last 10 percent goes to education. All of the money goes to UF Health Shands however, we have a few questions. that mean new beds for children, or does that mean there are more nurses work hundreds of students have put into each Dance Marathon event, but it can be hard with a largely ambiguous account of where $3 million goes. How the money is raised is also another question of accountability. Some of Dance Marathons money is raised through Venmo, an app that makes it easy to send money back and forth, but it only works with a bank account connected. People often request $1 For The Kids, and we may not think too that wouldnt even pay for a cup of coffee? In the grand scheme of things, it something good. The problem is, you have no idea where that $1 went. Maybe it went to the kids, but maybe it went into someones bank account. You dont know because there is no proof. The lack of transparency is concerning for us because, in the end, its supposed to be For The Kids. It may sound cynical to be asking these questions. You may think that we should trust in a system that is made to help sick children. Thats why we have to ask these questions, for those kids, for the hospital that is relying on that money and for you, the one who is spending your hard-earned money on a belief that its going to a like on Venmo. Dance Marathon is a year long program consisting of multiple events and is generally a major part of Greek life philanthropy. A lot of Dance Marathon programming and advertising is done through social media. The slogan, For The Kids, is effective and plastered across every type of social media. It can be thrown on any Instagram caption involving an obscene amount of neon and fanny packs. Its about as personal as the paragraphs that are copied and pasted on Facebook asking for money on the day of Dance Marathon. Its about as personal as slapping someones Instagram handle on your story, proving lowers, right? Dance Marathon at UF continues to get bigger each year, and it continues parency when it comes to helping sick children. There are major issues with questions to rest and to be able to say Dance Marathon is really For The Kids.Dance Marathon and what For the Kids means This is the sweetest spot in GainesvilleF guess your favorite place in the world. Close your eyes and think of this place and of where youd rather be than where you are. Imagine the environment. The sounds. The smells. The sights. Have you thought of it? Great. Now, open your eyes, and I will guess what you were thinking of. Too easy. You were thinking of Sweetberries. I knew it. It was obvious because Sweetberries is everyones favorite place. Do you think I mean a favorite place in Gainesville? No, I mean the entire universe. Sweetberries surpasses all other places ever known to man. Boston? Never heard of her. New York City? Irrelevant. Epcot? Close second. London? Sounds like a city that would cancel your study abroad randomly. Sweetberries would never cancel your summer plans. Sweetberries is where you would go to lament your sadness over said canceled plans. The food, environment and customer service are what makes Sweetberries the crown jewel of Gainesville  no, of the universe. First, Ill begin by describing the menu, which ranges from soups, salads and wraps to sandwiches and custards. Their turkey sandwich is without fail the best turkey sandwich I could ever ask for, and they also nail the dessert side of things. Im someone who does not like ice cream or sweets, but I beg my friends to get late night Sweetberries frozen custard with me regularly. Their Kookie Koncrete is where its at, with Oreos and cookie dough thoroughly blended into a rich vanilla custard, resultwhat side youd like, get the homemade macaroni salad. You wont regret it. I could eat at Sweetberries every meal for the rest of my life. The environment is also lovely. Its simultaneously soothing and conducive to a productive study session. I spend a lot of time there working or reading. Rather than taking me to Starbucks for a study date, bring me to Sweetberries, the real way to my heart. On the inside, art covers the walls and stained glass hangs from the windows, sending colorful prisms dancing across the room. On warm, sunny days, you can sit and eat on a large deck with an oak tree in the center. Outdoor bulb lights draped across the patio make for an ambient setting, and there is regularly someone playing guitar outside. Theres also plenty of free parking, so if youre worried about getting towed or having to pay for a spot, dont be. Sweetberries but the best part of this quaint little restaurant is the customer service. Regardless of how your day is going, the folks at Sweetberries will be sure to put a smile on your face. They always greet me with a warm Hello. me. He always goes above and beyond to ensure knows my order by heart. In fact, hes more than just a waiter at Sweetberries. Hes my friend. Sweetberries is the best place on earth if you friends or get ahead on your studies and a positive convinced you yet, try it out for yourself. Youll be pleasantly surprised about how lovely a shop Sweetberries is, and youll never want to eat anywhere else. Hannah Whitaker is a UF English sophomore. Her column appears on Mondays. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of The Alligator. Michaela Mulligan OPINIONS EDITOR Amanda Rosa MANAGING EDITOR Christina Morales MANAGING EDITOR Paige Fry EDITOR Hannah Whitakeropinions@alligator.org 

PAGE 7

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 ALLIGATOR 7Former Vice President Joe Biden made Nevada state legislator Lucy Flores feel uneasy, gross, and confused at a campaign rally in 2014, according to an essay published by The Cut. Flores explains in her essay that Biden came up from behind her, smelled her hair and kissed the back of her head. He proceeded to plant a big slow kiss on the back of my head. My brain couldnt process what was happening. I was embarrassed. I was shocked. I was confused, Flores said. Shortly after publication of Flores' article, Bill Russo, Bidens spokesperson, released a statement in which he claimed neither he nor Biden ever noticed Flores might have felt uncomfortable around Biden strongly believes Flores should have the right to share these allegations with the public and he is pleased to see a change in our society that gives her this opportunity. Biden himself, however, stayed silent on the issue until he released a statement Sunday morning. He did not deny any of the claims made by Flores, but he did attempt to clarify his lack of intent. He explained that in his political and public life, he has offered countless handshakes, hugs, expressions of affection, support and comfort. He went on to explain he never believed any of these acts were inappropriate but is happy to listen respectfully if it is suggested that they were. At the end of his statement, he stressed the fact that he never meant to make anyone feel uncomfortable. As of right now, the allegations remain a he said, she said situation, and it is still unclear whether or not this type of behavior is a pattern for Biden. Regardless of the validity behind Flores claim, the rest of America and I would have liked to hear an apology from Biden  not just a claristatement, I was actually pretty pleased. After I thought over the situation, though, I realized I shouldnt be complacent with what he said and neither should Flores. I realized after rereading his response that I only found it acceptable because I have become desensitized to inadequate responses on the part of our male politicians. In 2016, I saw Donald Trump get merous sexual assault allegations with substantial merit behind them. Throughtinue to roll in and he has continued to ignore them and gaslight the women who have come forward. In 2018, I watched Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court, despite his utter disrespect and grotesque behavior in response to the allegations brought forth by Christine Blasey Ford. Neither of these men apologized, in fact, they further belittled the women who came forward. This type of response has become so normal that even Bidens lackluster attempt at self-preservation almost passed as a sincere apology. We have forgotten what it means to be sincerely apologetic. It is important to note that the allegations against Biden are far less severe and extreme than those against Trump and Kavanaugh, but that doesnt make them any more acceptable. Whether or not Bidens intentions were crude, the public and Flores deserve an apology, not a defense. Abigail Miller is a UF political science and journalism senior. Her column appears on Mondays.Joe Biden, do better than those before you ColumnEveryone has been in this position: You recently applied for a promotion, a job, a program or an internship. You put your all into the application and you think its in the bag. Sadly, a few weeks later, you get an email notifying you that you were not selected for this opportunity. Youve been rejected. You start to think about what went wrong. Why didnt this company or school see what you have to offer? You begin to wonder what you could have done differently. Rejection is never fun. Its a gut-wrenching feeling that leaves you insecure, sad and alone. Its that time of the year when people are applying for new opportunities. While some will get wonderful news, others will get rejected. How do you deal with this? First and foremost, learn from your rejections. Oftentimes, when youre rejected from an opportunity, you feel helpless. You had no say or power in the situation and feel as if theres nothing you can do. Wrong. Theres always something for you to do. Try emailing the company or school that rejected you and ask for tips on what you can do better next time. I know this can be awkward. You dont want to be that person who wont leave an employer or school alone because you got rejected. Im telling you to be open to criticism and let it build you into a stronger person. Take back some of the power you may feel you have lost when you got that rejection letter or email. In a short, yet respectful, email, ask the employer to idenin your background. If youre lucky, recruiters and admission advisors will tell you exactly what you were missing. Chances are if youre applying for similar positions, youre that caused you to lose out on your last job. Once you know, you can work on improving. Knowledge is power. Lets use it to our advantage. Next, its important to stop comparing myself comparing my success to people who aren't even in the same industry. Thoughts like Why cant I get a residency at this hospital creep into my head. I dont work or want to work in crazy, right? However, I was comparing my success to others. This is extremely unhealthy. After having a conversation with a close friend, I realized what I was doing wrong and corrected myself. However, its easier said than done. Rejection can hurt 10 times worse when youre comparing yourself to other people. conscious effort to stop. Also, social media is not your friend. Think about it. When you compare yourself to others, at that moment, what are you doing? Ill bet that youre scrolling through social media. If this is a problem for you, it might be helpful to take a break from social media, especially when youre dealing with rejection or waiting to hear back from a school or employer. People walk different paths to reach success. The path a friend or colleague takes may be completely different from yours. Thats okay. learned rejection isnt something you can run from. At some point in time, youre going to get rejected. Somehow you are going and the feelings that come with it. However, rejection doesnt mean that you arent talented or that you dont have what it takes to be a part of that organization. It just means that it isnt your time yet. Dont start making sweeping generalizations about yourself and your skills when you get rejected. You are not incompetent. Dont forget who you are and what you bring to the table. Always keep your head up, push through, work on yourself and never give up. Youll get that congratulatory email one day. Anede Siffort is a UF journalism senior. Her column normally appears on Fridays.You got rejected. Now, what do you do?ColumnHappy April Fools Day, Gators! The time for humor, jokes and, of course, pranks both large and small is upon us. While I enjoy the merriment of the holiday as much as anyone else, this column is not a joke. In fact, it is a serious column on a somewhat serious issue: how to prank responsibly. For as long as anyone can remember, one of the few constants on April Fools Day has been companies and websites pranking their viewers in various ways. The website April Fools Day on the Web lists 215 pranks by companies and internet personalities in 2018 alone, and Im sure today will bring even more pranks of all shapes and sizes. Some of them are quite amusing, such as a Google adding a "Wheres Waldo" game to Google Maps, the video game Rocket League making its car toppers huge, or the chat platform, Discord, launching an @ Someone feature which pings a random person on Discord. Users can have some fun with these pranks and have a good laugh before moving on with their day. After all, we still need to get our work done. Others, however, cross the line from amusing to irritating, as they make it harder for non-celebrants to go about their work. Perhaps the most notable example of this is Googles Gmail, which on April Fools Day 2016 added a "send and mic drop" button, where users could use a Minions gif to close out an email thread. Unfortunately, that "mic drop" replaced the "send and archive" button, so "send and archive" users who instinctively pressed the button found that they were unexpectedly closing threads involving coworkers, bosses, future employers, etc. Google apologized later in the day and removed the joke, saying the feature should not have been located near important buttons. In light of Google and other over-eager prankster companies mistakes, Microsoft sent out an internal memo prohibiting employees from conducting any public April Fools Day pranks this year, according to The Verge. Many have praised this, but personally, my feelings are mixed. Im supportive of it if it means Microsoft wont release any bad pranks. However, another part of me feels like this is throwing the baby out with the bathwater. If done right, an Aprils Fools Day prank. whether by a company or by an individual, can be fun and can brighten up peoples day. So, how do you craft a good April Fools Day prank? How do you craft a practical joke that is both funny and doesnt interfere with peoples normal activities? Here are my guidelines: 1. Dont take away features people use. This is pretty self-explanatory. Just because its April 1 doesnt mean people will stop working and wont need to use a certain feature, and the people who use the feature youve taken away will be quite upset. Even if it makes things a bit more cluttered, youre better off adding more than taking things away. 2. Dont make it too intrusive. This middle ground between making the prank so apparent that people who dont want to take part will be annoyed by a prank dominating their vision, but also not so subtle that people can barely see it. Examples could include a small symbol on the web page or a link in a blog post. 3. Dont be malicious. This one is more for people than companies. Whatever you do for a prank, just remember theyre supposed to be fun practical jokes, not chances to hurt someone or make their day harder. If its done in good fun and the other person will appreciate the joke, then go for it. Thats all there is to it. I hope this column gives you some tips on responsible pranking because this will be my last column. Ha! April Fools! Ill be back next week! Jason Zappulla is a UF history junior. His column appears on Mondays.It's April Fools' Day, and it's time you learned how to prank responsiblyColumn Abigail Milleropinions@alligator.orgAnede Siffortopinions@alligator.org Jason Zappullaopinions@alligator.org 

PAGE 8

8 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019Caroline Keefe / Alligator Staff Jose Hernandez, a performer from Iztacalco, Mexico, stares down the camera Saturday after performing a traditional Mashika dance during the inaugural Gainesville Native American Festival at the Alachua County Fairgrounds, 3100 NE 39th Ave. The event celebrated Native American culture with a variety of performances and vendors, and hundreds of people attended the event. Chris Day / Alligator Staff Fabian Fontenelle, 59, speaks to visitors at his booth Saturday during the Gainesville Native American Festival. Fontenelle is from the Zuni and Omaha tribes and lives in the village of Zuni in New Mexico. Its very important to share culture and tradition but not to give away whats private and sacred, he said. Chris Day / Alligator Staff Skylar Prescott, 12, inspects multi-colored dream catchers Saturday at the Gainesville Native American Festival. MORE THAN 4,000 PEOPLE ATTENDED By Lina Ruiz Alligator Staff Writer The rhythm of the drums drew in a crowd as a Native American couple stomped to a Northern Plains song at the Alachua County Fairgrounds this weekend. More than 4,000 people came to the three-day event, which ran from Friday to Sunday, at the fairgrounds, at 3100 NE 39th Ave. It showcased Native American culture through dance performances from tribes and demonstrations of hunting skills. The festival cost more than $25,000 and was mostly self-funded through admission costs and vendors who paid to sell their products at the event, said Pablo DeLuna, 50, the event organizer and part of the Native American Apache tribe. DeLuna has hosted an annual Native American festival in Brooksville, Florida, for the past six years. He decided to bring one to Gainesville after receiving suggestions to do so from people who traveled to Brooksville from northern Florida for the festival, he said. These kind of festivals  powwows, as theyre called, sometimes  I hate to see them die out, DeLuna said. Unfortunately, weve lost a couple over the years. American Indians and Alaska Natives alone make up 0.3 percent of the Alachua County population, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Pat Sutton, 72, from the Native American Wampanoag Tribe, traveled from Rhode Island to sell homemade hair ties and earrings. She traveled from festival to festival for the last 20 years selling items. We had a real heart-toheart connection, she said. Gainesville resident Stephanie OHair, 38, has been interested in Native American culture since she was 6 or 7 years old when her stepfather went with her festival. She also feels connected to the culture because her great-grandmother was a part of the Native American Cherokee tribe. As an adult, I would try to said. @lina_ruiz48 lruiz@alligator.org

PAGE 9

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 ALLIGATOR 9 Chris Day / Alligator StaffKenneth Sassaman, an 86-year-old Korean War veteran and Gainesville resident, listens to a speaker Saturday at the Vietnam veterans tribute event at Kanapha Memorial Park, at 7400 SW 41st Place. Sassaman served in the U.S. Army in the 25th division and 27th regiment, which was known as the Wolfhounds. When these Vietnam veterans came home, they were treated like dirt, he said. Their recognition for them is fantastic. They deserve it, more than deserve it. Aaron Ritter / Alligator StaffTed Marshall, a 68-year-old Vietnam War veteran and other veterans reenact the last patrol of the Vietnam War Saturday at the Vietnam veterans tribute event. Marshall has taken part in the remembrance reenactment with The Last Patrol group for 25 years and is its first canine handler. Marshall served in Vietnam in 1971 and 1972 with the Air Force Security Police and wears some of the same equipment he wore during the war when reenacting. Were living history, he said. MORE THAN 500 PEOPLE WERE IN THE MOTORCYCLE PARADE By Josephine FullerAlligator Staff WriterSeven veterans dressed in military combat uniforms and one by one into the center of a saluted fallen soldiers, reenactnam War veterans memorial various veterans shared stories local resources for veterans and Services and the North Florida/ funded from $6,500 in donatheir uniforms or hide the fact brance events and reenactments teach others about his time in @JoFuller24 jfuller@alligator.org 

PAGE 10

10 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019By Ana EscalanteAlligator Contributing WriterThousands of dollars and national recognition became a reality for Nancy Fichtman Dana on Thursday. Dana, a UF education professor, was announced for Baylor Universitys 2020 Robert Foster Cherry Award for Great Teaching, which recognizes teaching excellence in undergraduate education. award, said Ester de Jong, the director of the School of Teaching and Learning. If she wins, Dana will teach in residence at Baylor University throughout the Fall 2020 or Spring 2021 semester. Its such a wonderful recognition for the work that she does, and its such a good match, de Jong said. Im delighted for her. Finalists receive $15,000, and the School of Teaching and Learning at UF will also receive $10,000 to fund additional resources and research, Dana said. The ultimate winner will receive $250,000 and their home institutions corresponding department will receive $25,000. I was incredibly humbled and honored, she said. Its an exciting opportunity to have a platform to talk about teaching and for me, thats something Ive devoted my career and life to. In October, Dana will travel to Baylor University in Waco, Texas. Finalists will participate in several days of lectures, classes and interviews, which will determine the ultimate winner in Spring 2020, she said. This includes a public talk given on each In 2003, Dana began to work as a faculty member for the College of Education, she said. For the past 16 years at UF, Dana published more than 10 books about teacher adapt their own methods of communicating the material to students. She plans to use her prize money to further her research. Elizabeth Currin wrote a letter in support of Danas nomination. Currin was Danas student, teaching assistant and advisee. Currin said she has known Dana as both a great educator and a friend. I want other people to see what I see and know what I know about her, she said. Its getting that recognition she deserves.Dana Finalists recieve $15,000 and could win $250,000 Nicole Needles / Alligator StaffGreat American CleanupVolunteers showed up to Albert Ray Massey Park, at 1001 NW 34th St., early Saturday morning for the annual Great American Cleanup. Participants split up into different groups and spread throughout Gainesville to pick up trash. At noon, the volunteers went back to the park to celebrate their hard work with food, a raffle and prizes. 

PAGE 11

Dont get stuck with an extra rent payment. Advertise your subleases in the Alligator Classifieds and save yourself some cash. Call 373-FIND. 4 RoommatesIVE HAD IT WITH YOUR LOUD MUSIC! Is your roommate driving you crazy? Find a replacement in the Alligator Classifieds! 5 Real Estate Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUT PLACING YOUR AD THRU OUR ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373Find (373-3463)NEW CONDOS-WALK TO UFFor Info on ALL Condos for Sale, Visit www.UFCONDOS.COM or Matt Price, University Realty, 352-281-3551 4-24-19-43-5 6 Furnishings Got a new couch?. Sell your old one in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND (3463) to place your ad today.BEDS Brand Name, Brand NEW Pillowtop Mattress & Box Set: Twins $89, Fulls $100, Queens $120, Kings $200. Can Deliver 352377-9846. Gainesville Discount Furniture. 12-6-109-6 7 ComputersSelling computers, parts, or repair services or just looking for that new rig? Look in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND for more information. Place an ad to sell your old stereo, cell phone, and more in the Electronics Section of the Alligator Classifieds. 373-FIND 9 BicyclesIn the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds 10 For Sale UF Surplus On-Line Auctionsare underwaybikes, computers, furniture, vehicles & more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: SURPLUS.UFL.EDU 392-0370 4-24-18-42-10 Goats for Sale & Lease Horse Boarding 7 miles to UFCharlie 352-278-1925 4-24-43-10 11 Motorcycles/ MopedsAlligator Classifieds is the way to get your 2 wheels on the road. Show off your bikes, scooters, and repair services. Call 373-FIND to get your classified in.Now you can easily submit your classified adfor print and/or web editionsright thru our website!Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedsVisa and Mastercard accepted. 12 AutosUnload your lot. Sell your cars through Alligator Advertising for cheap. 373-FIND or place your ad online at www.alligator.org/ classifieds We Buy Junk & Used Cars Trucks, Vans Titled only KT 352-281-9980 sunnyman352@gmail.com 4-24-43-12 Don't forget to tell them:"I found it in The Alligator!" SUN CITY AUTO SALES $0 DOWN! NO CREDIT CHECKS! IN HOUSE FINANCING! 352-338-1999 4-24-43-12 SUNRISE AUTO SALES & RENTALS NO CREDIT CARD REQUIRED! MUST BE 21 CARS STARTING AT $39 DAILY! 352-375-9090 4-24-43-12 13 WantedThis newspaper assumes no responsibil ity for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money. The American Cancer Society Road to Recovery Volunteers Needed!VOLUNTEER DRIVERS NEEDEDto transport cancer patients to treatment. Flexible schedule. Training and liability insurance provided. Please call 352-240-5062 if interested.SAY:"I FOUND IT IN THE ALLIGATOR!" St. Francis House is a homeless shelter located in downtown Gainesville. Our mission is to empower families with children to transition from homelessness to self-sufficiency by providing case management, housing, food, training and educational resources in a secure environment. If interested in volunteering please contact the volunteer coordinator at 352-3789079 ext 317 or sfhcoor@stfrancis.cfcoxmail.com St Francis House depends on monetary support from individual donors and community businesses in order to provide meals to the homeless and the hungry. To make a donation by mail, please send checks payable to St. Francis House P.O. Box 12491 Gainesville Fl 32604 or our website atStfrancishousegnv.org 14 Help Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibil ity for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money.Now you can easily submit your classified adfor print and/or web editionsright thru our website!Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedsVisa and Mastercard accepted. 1 For Rentfurnished 3 Subleases 12 Autos 13 Wanted SS & VA ARE WELCOME!$460/BedRoom No Deposit! Furnished Cable Internet Utilities www.campuswalk.co 352-337-9098 4-24-43-1Remember to tell them... "I found it in The Alligator!" 2 For Rentunfurnished Empty Space? Find your next tenants in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND to place your ad today! 1BR APT $445/moSmall pet ok. 352-372-1201 or 352-213-3901 4-24-19-43-2 ELLIES HOUSES Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 12-5-19-109-2 House for Rent 2392 SW 2nd Ave Directly across from Law School 4BR/2BA DW, W/D hookups, cent A/C heat Only $1.695/month No application fee, most pets ok 352-371-3636 or rentals@efnproperties.com 5-14-19-97-2 6 BLOCKS FROM UF 3 & 4BR/ 2BA HOUSES Starting @ $1500/mo. Tile & hardwood floors, reserved parking. Pets ok. dalyproperties.com or Carol @ 352-359-3341 4-24-19-14-2Now you can easily submit your classified adfor print and/or web editionsright thru our website!Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedsVisa and Mastercard accepted. 1 For Rent: Furnished 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 3 Sublease 4 Roommates 5 Real Estate 6 Furnishings 7 Computers 8 Electronics 9 Bicycles 10 For Sale 11 Motorcycles, Mopeds 12 Autos 13 Wanted 14 Help Wanted 15 Services 16 Health Services 17 Typing Services 18 Personals 19 Connections 20 Event Notices 21 Entertainment 22 Tickets 23 Rides 24 Pets 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination. We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis.  All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status.  This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein.In Person: Cash, Check, MC, Discover, AMEX or Visa 2700 SW 13th St. M-F, 8am 4pm By E-mail By Fax: (352) 376-4556 By Mail: P.O. Box 14257 G-ville 32604 Call 352-373-FIND for information. Sorry, no cash by mail. Credit cards or checks only. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND Payment by major credit card ONLY. M-F, 8am 4pm When Will Your Ad Run? Ads placed by 4 pm will appear two publication days later. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds or credits for cancelled ads. Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M-F, 8am 4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Corrections called in Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NOON for the next days paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. Online: 8 Electronics 

PAGE 12

12 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 Assistant Production ManagerThe Alligator is looking to fill a part-time position. Applicant must be extremely comfortable with using and teaching Adobe Creative Design Suite. Position Responsibilities:  Hire, fire and train student employees.  Work around hectic student schedules.  Meet various deadlines throughout the night.  Supervise the nightly activity of the production department.  Coordinate newspaper design and layout with content from student editors. Position Requirements:  Knowledge of newspaper design.  Experience working with students.  Must have experience with Adobe InDesign, Illustrator and Photoshop.  Ability to work from 5 p.m. to 1 a.m. Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday during the fall and spring semesters. Schedule changes to Monday and Wednesday during summer semester. Equal Opportunity Employer. Great work atmosphere. Modest salary. Email cover letter and resume to soconnor@alligator.org No phone calls, please. Daytime Production Staff WantedDesigners and advertising students: The Alligator needs part time day shift members for the print production department. Must have experience with Adobe Creative Suite for consideration. Duties include the design and layout of print and online ads in collaboration with student sales staff and by the direction of Alligator Administrative staff. Must be willing to start now and continue work through the summer semester. This is a paid position. Send resume, vitae and/or portfolio to ccozart@alligator.org to schedule an interview. Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and computer science needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/employment 4-24-19-42-14Don't forget to tell them:"I found it in The Alligator!" PT JOB 12 15 HRS / WK Pleasant, upbeat & energetic person for light office work in a chiropractic office. Mon, Wed, & Fri afternoons $12.50 / hr. text or call 352-215-5060 4-119-3-14 The Florida International Rally & Motorsport Park has a cool p/t track position open. Must be reliable, on time, 'can do' attitude, love motorsports and basic car skills bonus. Management@GoRally.com to apply. NO CALLS. @RaceTheFIRM learn more before applying. 4-17-19-10-14 Cashiers, Gate Attendants and Grounds Staff (High Springs) Ginnie Springs Outdoors Applicants must be outgoing and enjoy working with the public. High energy and low drama is a must! Must be at least 18 years old. Must have your own transportation and avail ability to work nights, holidays and weekends. Seasonal employment. Apply in person ONLY 9am 4pm weekdays. NO phone calls! GPS Address: 5000 NE 60th Ave. High Springs, Florida 32643 4-8-19-5-14 EARN $250-$1000 WEEKLY: Financial Freedom offers legit work from home jobs. No exp req'd, training provide, easy sign-up. Free info: www.earncash weekly.site 815-977-5383 4-5-19-3-14 15 ServicesDo you have a business that provides a service? Place your ad in the Services Section of the Alligator Classifieds for as little as $3.00 per day. Call us at 373-FIND.Want to be a CNA? Dont want to wait? Express Training Services now offers a CNA class which can be completed in one week-end. Perfect for busy college students. www.expresstrainingservices.com/ww 4-2419-43-15ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIED ADSGET THE JOB DONE!REACH MORE THAN 50,000 READERS EACH PUBLICATION DAY Copytalk Business Services GET PAID TO TYPE ($8.50-$13+/hr) Financial transcription positions available. We'll train you! Apply at ctscribes.com 4-12-19-31-14 HIRING home/office/apartment cleaners(mf and every other sat). Day and night shifts available. Must own a car. weekly pay $10.00/hr. if interested please call 352-2140868 4-24-19-27-14 Sun Country Sports is hiring for summer! Looking for a fun job with kids? Join our team and make in impact. Camp, Gymnastics, Ninja, Rockwall Apply now at suncountrysports.com/jobs 5-23-19-21-14 ARTS/ENGINEERING SUMMER CAMP Want to build a Zip-Line Dragon Cart? Construct a Kinetic Machine that throws pies? Design a musical Costume Fashion Show? We need creatives to build and play this summer! Visit www.masterbuildercamp. com to apply. 4-24-18-14 Oak Hall School is seeking energetic, creative, and enthusiastic individuals with a love for children to staff its summer camp program. For a complete listing of positions visit www.oakhall.org/employment. Interview process begins April 13th. 4-12-19-13-14 YARDWORK PT Student for retiree. Close to UF. Yardwork, house cleaning, painting, etc. A few hrs/wk. Starting sum A. All equip ment furnished. Some exp helpful. $11/hr. Reply short resume ghpolkgator@gmail.com 4-24-17-14 NOW HIRING!!!!! Yamato Japanese Steakhouse 526 Nw 60th St PLEASE APPLY IN PERSON 4-1-19-5-14 UFSRC Hiring NOW! 720 SW 2nd Ave.| Suite 156 Mon-Fri 9am9pm | 352-392-2908 ext. 105. $9.75 $10.25 per hour + performance incentive + Paid Training. Search Telephone Interviewer on Gator Jobs! |http://jobs.ufl.edu 4-24-19-15-14PUT IT IN THE ALLIGATOR! LOCAL TARGETED EFFECTIVE ECONOMICAL Reach over 50,000 readers each publication day.State Farm, Starke, FL Sales rep/CSR position, FT/PT Agency Internship available Business ownership possibility Call Sheri at 904-966-0011 4-19-19-12-14 DONT TEXT & DRIVE.Eyes Up. Phone Off. 14 Help Wanted 14 Help Wanted 14 Help Wanted 15 Services 15 Services 

PAGE 13

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 ALLIGATOR 13 HIV ANTIBODY TESTINGAlachua County Health Dept. Call334-7960 for appt (oWptional $20 fee) Designated drivers are the greatest Need CPR Training?(352) 727-4733 www.GatorCPR.com CNA Prep Classes from GatorCNA.com 7-5-18-111-16SAY:"I FOUND IT IN THE ALLIGATOR!" Now you can easily submit your classified adfor print and/or web editionsright thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedsVisa and Mastercard accepted.DRUG PROBLEM?WE CAN HELP! 24 HOURS 7 DAYSCALL NARCOTICS ANONYMOUS1-866352-5323 352-376-8008 www.uncoastna.orgpr@uncoastna.org HIV ANTIBODY TESTINGAlachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for appt (optional $20 fee)Don't forget to tell them: "I found it in The Alligator!" 19 ConnectionsWant to make a connection?Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love 20 Events/Notices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIALANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! WRITE-IN!!! MITCHELL WILLIAMS FOR PRESIDENT 2020 Non-Nazi Republican and Not Divorced or Bankrupt Paid political ad paid for & approved by Mitchell Willliams, Ind. for U.S. President 4-9-5-20 Friends dont let friends drive drunk. Get the party started! Place your Entertainment classified today to get people up and about. Call 373-FIND.WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Vintage & Unique Like EBay in 3DSat & Sun www.WaldoFlea.com 12-5-109-21 22 TicketsBUYING OR SELLING TICKETS? Place your ad here and get results!Visit: alligator.org/classifieds 23 RidesTrying to get to and from somewhere? Want to cut back on that gas bill? Place an ad in the classifieds to find trip arrangements or show off your bus and shuttle service. 373FIND 24 Pets Furry, feathery, scaly...no, not your roommate...pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator.SAY:"I FOUND IT IN THE ALLIGATOR!"Because Cats Don't Understand AbstinenceOPERATION CATNIPSpaying/Neutering Free-Roaming Cats Borrow a Trap / Make a Clinic Reservation Make a Donation / Volunteer New Expanded HoursLots of NEW info athttp://ocgainesville.org/ 25 Lost & Found Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone whos lost what youve found. Call 373-FIND.PUT IT IN THE ALLIGATOR! LOCAL TARGETED EFFECTIVE ECONOMICAL Reach over 50,000 readers each publication day. By Jake Braun Tribune Content Agency, LLC 04/01/19 Los Angeles Times Daily Crossword PuzzleEdited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis 04/01/19 ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE:Release Date: Monday, April 1, 2019 ACROSS 1 Half a fluid oz. 5 Ancient Peruvian 9 Jalopies 14 Im __ here!: Adios! 15 North by Northwest actor Grant 16 Grownup 17 Unpredictable leg joint problem 19 Coffee sweetener 20 Be on the same page 21 Butter square 23 Old AT&T rival 24 Camera largely replaced by its digital version, for short 25 Beef named for a bone 30 Golfers booking 32 Diplomatic accord 33 Ancient Icelandic text 34 __ McMuffin 36 The Deep director Peter 37 Sally, to Charlie Brown 41 Poes one-word bird 44 Stars are seen in it 45 Bars on candy bars, e.g.: Abbr. 49 Disparaging word 52 Let me say this again ...  54 Love, Simon co-star 56 Lawyers gp. 57 Inventor Whitney 58 $200 Monopoly props. 59 Fable writer 61 Hooves-oncobblestone sounds 64 Cry for today, and a hint to the starts of 17-, 25-, 37and 54-Across 67 Lone Rangers pal 68 Con job 69 Blend by melting 70 Actress Spacek 71 Locking device 72 Went really fast DOWN 1 How food may be salted 2 Broke into and stole from 3 Mixed with a spoon 4 Walk nervously to and fro 5 Eww! 6 Indian bread 7 French pancake 8 Yes, captain 9 Is suffering from, as a cold 10 College address suffix 11 Make larger 12 Appease 13 Bowling xs 18 Felicity star Russell 22 Bowling pin count 26 Chatted with online, briefly 27 Pleads 28 Lid inflammation 29 Rip to shreds 31 Opposite of giveth 35 USO show audience 38 Broadcast with greater image resolution, as TV shows 39 Fat-free milk 40 Spare in a Brits boot 41 Turns down 42 Ill-fated 1967 moon mission 43 __ of sugarplums danced in their heads: Moore 46 Green bowlful 47 Last train car 48 Attached using a Swingline 50 U.K.s continent 51 Defeat decisively 53 Airline to Tel Aviv 55 Pet adoption org. 60 Letters before gees 62 Halves of qts. 63 Tofu source 65 Dorm VIPs 66 Mischief-maker By David Alfred Bywaters Tribune Content Agency, LLC03/29/19Los Angeles Times Daily Crossword PuzzleEdited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis 03/29/19ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE:Release Date: Friday, March 29, 2019 ACROSS 1 Result of littering, maybe 4 Recipe direction 8 Round paths 14 Airport info 15 Minorca, por ejemplo 16 Promote 17 Frantic activity at a clothing sale? 19 How some insults are veiled 20 Luster 21 Electric guitar effect 23 Meh 24 Comedy bit 26 Wooden bird sculpture? 28 Recreational walk 31 European relative of aloha 32 Financial claim 33 Heroic poetry 35 Scheming wife of Augustus 40 With 42-Across, white-collar crime ... and a hint to four Across answers 42 See 40-Across 44 Mongol invader 45 __ Tired: Beatles White Album song 47 Long-gone time 48 Plant with therapeutic sap 50 Ball VIPs 52 Cereal makers storage building? 56 Longtime NBC hit 57 Drive-in need 58 Ivan IV, from 1547 to 1584 60 Passageway 64 Theater company 66 Dispassionate bivalve? 68 Fairy tale sibling 69 Logicians adverb 70 Really? Me? 71 Tired 72 Precious 73 Favorite DOWN 1 Coat holders 2 Wasatch Front state 3 Opposite of embiggen 4 Traffic stopper, perhaps 5 Leb. neighbor 6 Diamond concern 7 Spicy sauce 8 Capital NNW of Albany 9 Cheer syllable 10 Euphoria 11 You dont need to tell me 12 Home of the Drillers of Class AA baseball 13 Watch surreptitiously 18 Colorful tropical flower 22 Middle management issues? 25 Cheer 27 Satchmos birthplace, briefly 28 Narrow opening 29 Turner with numbers 30 Enjoy an easy chair 34 Monastic leaders 36 Charmingly pastoral 37 Member of a Baroque consort 38 Memo heading 39 Survey range components 41 Meh 43 Takes badly? 46 Threatened 49 These days 51 Charm 52 Spa features 53 Like much of Oregon 54 Make amends 55 I give up! 59 Uncommon 61 Open-handed blow 62 Unconvincing, as an excuse 63 Put out 65 Energy 67 NY airport named for a mayor 1. Between 1980 and 1989, a member of the Boston Red Sox led the A.L. in walks for a season five times. Name either of the two Boston players to do it. 2. True or false: Slugger Jose Canseco had more strikeouts than hits during his major-league career. 3. When was the last time before 2016-18 that Armys football team went to consecutive bowl games? 4. Other than James Harden, who has scored the most points in a single game for the Houston Rockets? 5. In the 2018-19 season, Tuukka Rask became the career leader in goaltender victories for the Boston Bruins. Who had been No. 1? 6. Who was the last driver to win the pole for the Daytona 500, then capture the race itself? 7. Who was the last teenager to win a womens singles title at a Grand Slam tennis tournament? Answers 1. Dwight Evans (1981, ) and Wade Boggs (, ). 2. True. He had 1,942 strikeouts and 1,877 hits (including 462 home runs). 3. It was 1984-85. 4. Calvin Murphy had 57 points in a game in 1978. 5. Tiny Thompson had 252 victories for Boston (1928-38). 6. Dale Jarrett, in 2000. 7. Maria Sharapova was 19 when she won the 2006 U.S. Open. 2019 King Features Syndicate, Inc. April 1, 2019 King Features Weekly Service 16 Health Services 16 Health Services 18 Personals 21 Entertainment 24 Pets 

PAGE 14

NCAA Final Four has been setThe NCAA Tournament has its Final Four, which will take place on April 6. Michigan State defeated Duke to earn the last spot, while Texas Tech downed Gonzaga, Virginia beat Purdue and Auburn upset Kentucky. Auburn will face Virginia at 6:09 p.m., and Texas Tech will play Michigan State at 8:49 p.m.Florida swimmer Maxime Rooney finished fourth in the 100-meter butterfly at the NCAA Championships in Austin, Texas. Find out how the Gators did, read story pg. 16.BASEBALLBy Evan LepakSports WriterGators sweep Alabama behind dominant pitchingChris King / Alligator StaffFlorida left fielder Austin Langworthy hit an RBI double and a home run during Florida's 6-3 win over Alabama on Sunday at Alfred A. McKethan Stadium. SOFTBALL TRACK AND FIELDBy Mark StineSports Writer By Graham MarshSports Writer -Florida falls to Rebels, drops third-straight SEC seriesUF leaves Florida Relays with fixable mistakes SEE SOFTBALL, PAGE 16 SEE TRACK, PAGE 16 SEE BASEBALL, PAGE 16 

PAGE 15

MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 ALLIGATOR 15 WOMENS TENNISBy Victor PrietoSports WriterDifferent players for Floridas womens tennis team have had their moments in the spotlight. It was Ida Jarlskog who clinched multiple victories to become the Gators No. 1 tennis player earlier this season. On Friday, freshman Marlee Zein registered her second match-clinching victory in the win over LSU. Victoria Emma had her opportunity Sunday against Texas A&M in College Station, Texas. Florida claimed its secondstraight victory over a top-25 opponent on the road Sunday, handloss of the season in a 4-2 win. Emma overcame a second-set slip and defeated Tatiana Makarova to clinch the victory for the Gators Its about a complete team performance, and weve had different people stepping up and get crucial wins all season long, coach Roland Thornqvist said in a release. Tonight that player was Victoria (Emma). She was the tougher player for all three sets. Florida (9-8, 6-4 SEC) started doubles point in two matches. Transfer tandem Jarlskog and Tsveta Dimitrova had its best victory ranked opponent in No. 55 Renee McBryde and Katya Townsend (6-1). Kessler and Emma subsequently fell to No. 63 doubles pair Makarova and Jayci Goldsmith on Court 1 in a 6-3 battle. Freshman duo Zein and Sydney Berlin pulled out a tight victory over No. 67 Riley McQuaid and Lucia Quiterio in a tiebreaker 7-6 (6-3) to seal the opening point for the Gators. Though Florida captured the doubles point, Texas A&M (18-5, 6-4 SEC) broke even almost immediately. The Aggies picked up a point following just three games on Court 2 after McCartney Kessler medically withdrew due to injury. No information on the severity of Kesslers injury was released. Berlin did her best to keep Florida in the match, notching her second-straight SEC victory over Dorthea Faa-Hviding 6-4, 6-0 after a dominant second-set performance. McQuaid quickly evened the score at two apiece after defeating Dimitrova in three sets 6-3, 4-6, 6-1. Zein and Emma both broke sets to win them easily. Both saw ever, with Makarova capturing the second set in just eight games over Emma, while McBryde took the freshman to a tiebreaker and barely forced another set. In the third set, it was all Florida. Zein left no room for McBryde en route to a 6-2 third set victory and the Gators third point. Emma tory. To me, the true sign of mental toughness in this game is how you respond when you get to a third set, Thornqvist said. Our players made the right decisions to close out the matches and that was the key difference. @victorprieto_11 vprieto@alligator.orgEmma, Zein triumph in three-set thrillers to propel Florida over Aggies LACROSSEBy Bryan MatamorosSports Writer lacrosse team and Temple went back and forth, with the Gators holding a 6-5 lead heading into the break. game less than two minutes into the second half, but that did not swing the momentum. UF held Temple scoreless for the next 20 minutes and recorded nine consecutive goals on its way to a 15-8 victory on Saturday, giving The Gators (6-6, 1-0 American) went on a 9-0 run by: Controlling the draw Florida controlled eight out of the 10 draws that took place during its 9-0 run in the second half. UFs primary draw taker, won three draw controls in that span. omore defender Sabrina Cristodero followed with two draw controls apiece, while junior defender Cara Trombetta had one. Four of those eight draw controls led directly to goals for the Gators  all of which were scored in 45 seconds or less. The other four draw controls resulted in three turnovers and a successful Temple clearance, but Florida regained possession of the ball and scored each time. Disciplined goalkeeping Senior goalkeeper Haley Hicklen was at She left her cage to chase a ball that had gone behind her net and out of bounds. Possession was awarded to Temple and back in play while Hicklen was out of her net. a shot past the outstretched arm of Hicklen. However, the AAC Preseason Goalkeeper of the Year redeemed herself in the second half. She posted three saves during UFs 9-0 run to keep the Owls off the board for nearly 20 minutes. Hicklens 12 saves against Temple were her third-most this season, and her .632 save percentage was her second-best. The Gators allowed only eight goals on Saturday, their second-lowest total of the season. Sharing the ball Floridas nine goals in its run were scored by seven different players. Sophomore attacker Grace Haus led the way with three, while six other players, including freshman attacker Hannah Mardiney, notched one. Mardiney had not scored in three straight games, but her goal at the 12:04 mark of the second half was her second of the day against the Owls. Senior attacker Lindsey Ronbeck also scored during the Gators 9-0 run. The AAC Preseason Attacker of the Year has scored at least one goal in 23 straight games, the third-best mark in program history. @bmatamoros_ bmatamoros@alligator.org MENS TENNISBy Noah RamSports WriterThe moment after Lukas Greif clinched the match in a third-set tiebreaker to give the Gators mens tennis team sole possession of on top of him, followed by the rest of his teammates. It was a celebration that showed the importance of the win. Greifs win capped off a 5-2 win for No. 2 UF over the No. 7 Aggies on Sunday at the Ring Tennis Complex in Gainesville. It feels unbelievable, Greif said. I cant thank the guys that cheered me on enough because I couldnt have done that without them. Both teams entered the match undefeated in SEC play. The winner would have the best path to the SEC regular season championship. start in conference play since 2005 when they started 11-0. They just need to win two of and South Carolina to take the trophy. Regardless of the outcome, a streak was going to end on Sunday. Florida (17-2, 9-0 SEC) entered on a 10-match winning streak against ranked opponents. The Aggies (17-4, 7-1 SEC) won 14 in a row, highlighted by a victory over No. 1 Ohio State on March 11. They also came in with a 21-match winning streak in the SEC dating back to 2017. In their 16th-consecutive match against a top-50 opponent, the Gators fell in doubles for the second-straight match. Senior McClain Kessler and sophomore Duarte Vale fell 6-3 on Court 1. On Court 2, the Aggies took the point when sophomore Crawford and freshCourt 3 with junior Johannes Ingildsen and set on all six courts, but TAMU matched it in the second set. A third set was forced on Courts 3, 4 and 5 by No. 32 Valentin Vacherot, No. 76 Barnaby Smith and Noah Schachter. On Court 6, Vale did not allow a third set, beating Austin Abbrat 6-4, 6-2 to even the the Gators the lead with 6-3, 7-6 (7-3) win over No. 62 Hady Habib. The lead was extended to 3-1 after Crawford beat No. 77 Juan Carlos Aguilar 6-2, 6-4. Crawfords celebration angered Aguilar and the Aggies coaching staff, with Aguilar screaming curse words at the umpire, and Crawford and Aggies coach Steve Denton yelling at Florida coach Bryan Shelton. Vacherot defeated UFs sophomore Andy Andrade 1-6, 6-3, 6-2 to make it 3-2. Despite Floridas lead, there was a nervous energy in the air. Greifs match on Court 5 seemed destined to head to a tiebreaker in the third set as Greif and Schachter traded games. On Court 4, Ingildsen trailed Smith in the third set 3-1. It was still a match the Aggies had a strong chance of winning. That didnt happen, though. Greif won his tiebreaker 7-3 to clinch the match with a 6-1, 3-6, 7-6 win. Ingildsen then roared back to take his match 6-3, 3-6, 6-3 and put the Gators ahead 5-2. Crawford said the focal point is still the same despite the huge win. Our focus is day-by-day, Crawford said. @noah_ram1 nram@alligator.orgChris King / Alligator StaffAttacker Lindsey Ronbeck scored three goals in Floridas win over Temple on Saturday. 

PAGE 16

16 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 1, 2019 The Rebels scored their third run on an errant sequence following a Latham strikeout. With cenadvanced to second on a passed ball. First baseman Amanda Lothe throw from catcher Jordan four walks and out-hit Ole Miss seven to four but left 10 runners on base. the third inning with small ball. Third baseman Hannah Sipos vanced to third on a ground out and scored on a single to the Hannah Adams. UF had runners in scoring poincluding a bases-loaded opportuer Danielle Romanello. Romanello struck out in the fourth and grounded out in the and second. Roberts struck out twice to Walton said of Jacobsen. I think there are a lot of teams in this league that are going to have a chance to lose two or three games that have a chance to win two or @mstinejr mstine@alligator.orgSOFTBALL, from pg 14Florida left 10 runners on base despite out-hitting Ole MissAaron Ritter / Alligator StaffGators catcher Jordan Roberts went 0 for 4 during Florida's 3-1 loss to Ole Miss on Sunday. lor. potential. how to make that faster. @GrahamMarshUF gmarsh@alligator.org TRACK, from pg 14Yanis David jumped 14.05 meters in triple jump pitchers do incredible thingspitching in front of all of these A series sweep against an SEC opponent is something the @evanmplepak elepak@alligator.orgBASEBALL, from pg 14Ruth allowed four hits and one earned run SWIMMING AND DIVINGBy Jack BravermanSports Writer swimming and diving team has streak of conference dominance and contending for a national championship in the process. competitive throughout the enhas combined with Texas to win nine of the last 10 championtal. the Gators found themselves in late-minute performance or spark contention. That spark never came. same  strong performances but not quite enough. Junior Maxime clocking the highest individual a First-Team All-American nod for the ninth time in his collegiate career. earned at least one All-American honor. The biggest thing that stood out tonight was the resilience of said in a release. Tonight was or with a First-Team nod for his All-American award as well. honorable-mention honors. For SEC program at the championships. manding fashion. national level and can build off campaign. team and their enormous perseverance at this NCAA Championdedicated and motivated to pur@jack_braverman jbraverman@alligator.orgGators end season in sixth place at NCAA Championships 
