
PAGE 1

The Florida Alligator THE SOUTHEAST'S LEADING COLLEGE DAILY Vol. 63, No. 107 University of Florida, Gainesville Friday, April 2, 1971 Solares files under deadline Five to vie for student body president Henry Solares, 4AS, student body vice president, became a candidate for the office of student body president Thursday, qualifying 30 minutes before the 5 p.m. deadline. Solares, running as an independent (I), is opposed by two other independents and candidates from Real Party (R) and Common Cause (CC) party. Two party men, Don Middlebrooks, 4LW (CC), and Bob Mandell, 3LW (R), are both By RANDY BELLOWS Alliator Staff Wrier The Poor People's March, three different black coalitions, and local residents participated in a Raiford Prison rally Thursday. While over 200 residents from towns all over Florida gathered across the street from the prison, the real action took place in the office of Interim Superintendent L.E. Dugger, where marchers presented a list of prison demands. As the crowd approached prison walls in buses, vans and intermittent strings of cars, Raiford was making preparations of its own for the rally. "We're making no special preparations. We don't anticipate any problems," Dugger had said earlier thai morning. Police cars lined up, though, at quarter mile intervals in front of the prison, while officers insured that no one crossed the double-laned road separating the prison from a barren lot. The marchers had come from all over the state and met at Starke. The marchers were led through the street with local police cars leading the way and following up the rear. Several blAck marchers walked into Mitchell's Drug Store for a coke. They were informed by the mnu.w 0 the dy CMU sat it at t1h buitain subW they hd a A sign with the same statement hung above a fountain with six stools. The seats had been unacrewed at some time and removed. A waitress stated they had been gone for tw4 years, undergoing repairs. Roy Mitchell, UF coordinate for the disadvantaged, and a members of Florida Blue Key (see Alligator Editorial 3/30/71). Lowell Stanley, 4AS, who played the roll of "Bohassz", Flash Matte's spiritual advisor, in last spring's election, is running as an independent for president, as is Richard Glusckstad, 4AS, who dubs himself "El Magnifico." Running with Solares is Gail Merein, 3AS, student government secretary of coalition representative attempted to. avoid a confrontation with the store's owners. Mitchell claimed the refusal of service violated the 1964 Civil Rights Act and Section 291-7 of the Florida statutes. Local police representatives said, "We've been trying to take care of the problem with this store for many years. Mitchell responded, "We don't intend any violence or confrontation with anybody. We just insist on being treated equally." The black marchers chose 12 representatives to attempt to be served at the counter in order to avoid a mass assault on the establishment. academic affairs, for vice president. Common Cause if offering Samuel W. Taylor, 7AS, for vice president, Ellen Corenswet, 3AS, for treasurer,Bob Willis, 3LW, for honor court chancellor, and Tom Hurst, 3LW, for Traffic Court cThiefjustice. Rounding out the Real Party ticket are Marsha Kaufman, 4AS, vice president; Steven R. Prior, 7EG,treasurer; Tom Clark, 3LW, honor court chancellor; The manager went behind the counter and explained to the marchers, I'm not going to serve (See "March," Page 4) and Howard Lubel, 1LW, traffic court chief justice. Stanley has a running mate in Ruth Ellen Whitman, 2UC, for vice president; but "El Magnifico" has chosen to endure the rigors of campaigning by himself. During spring elections, honor court and senate seats are proportioned through the various colleges at UF and based on the number of students enrolled in each college. Eighteen honor court seats and forty senate seats are being contested this year. Candidates for honor court are Paul Hardin (R) and Mike Hittleman (CC), Arts and Sciences; John R. Wiliams (R), and Brad Sher (CC), Education; Kenneth Sanders (R) and Michael H. Davis (CC), Engineering; Peter Schecter (R) and Margaret Fleming (CC), Architecture; Gene Peck (R) and Margeret Fleming (CC), Law. Larry Kelleher (R) and Dimitri Ferniany (CC), Hery Solar. .qualifies under wire Journalism; Arthur Usadweli (R) and James Davidson (CC), Agriculture; Andy Cotrell (R), Forestry; Carl Neel (R), Elaine Howard (CC) and Jerry Stang (I), Physical Education; Hal Nick Hal (CC), Medidne; Ann Pierson (CC), Health and Related Professions; Debbie Edcenrode (R), Wayne Marshall (See 'Candidates'page 2) YAF rally in Plaza looks at Communist oppression By CONNIE DANIEL Alligator Staff Witer "For those of you who think the problem of Communist oppression is something to be laughed at, I would remind you of the oppression of the Soviet Jews, the Cuban people, the Czeckoslovakians, the Poles. If you honestly think it's a joke, you're blatant hypocrites," Fred t State troopers at Raiford .prevent black marchers from crossing the street TOM KENNEDY Vollrath, introductory speaker at a Young American's for Freedom (YAF) rally, said Thursday when several students began shouting. The otherwise peaceful "let our people go" rally at the Plaza of the Americas drew approximately 75 persons. The rally featured four speakers, each presenting views of forms of Communist oppression. Tim Condon, IUC, recently discharged from the Marines after a 20 month tour in Vietnam, spoke on the prisoners of war (POWs). He said at first he was reluctant to speak, but said "there are facts and truths that must be brought out." Condon said "If those in agreement with the war will not speak for the prisoners held in North Vietnam, and if those against It will say nothing, who is to speak for them?" "I will,"said Condon. He asked that all groups, right and left, demand fair treatment of our POWs. Gary Kellman, a PhD candidate in mechanical (See 'Oppressionpage 3) Marchers reach Raiford, present prison demands 

PAGE 2

Pep 2, The Florida Aligator,FhRda AorUi 2, 1-71 Student Senate nixes candidates' fee By CARLOS J. LICEA Alligator Staff Writer Qualification fees for students seeking Student Government office were wiped out by the Student Senate Tuesday night after overriding Student Body President Steve Uhlfelder's veto of the election law revision. Senate President Rick Horder said the fees will be returned to candidates after the bill is signed into law by him. The Senate had to override Uhlfelder's veto so the law could be implemented for the spring elections coming up in three weeks, according to Horder. Although the Senate overrode UhIfelder, it yielded to his wishes to eliminate candidate qualification fees "so all students have a chance to run-" Uhifelder told senators the reason he vetoed the election law revision bill was the fee stipulated was too high. The new law would have raised fees to $15 for president, vice president, treasurer, chancellor of the Honor Court and Traffic Court chief justice. Uhlfelder noted that while the present fee of $10 and $5 was not as high, he still preferred that no fees at all be imposed on candidates. The Senate also took up the question of reapportionment at the Tuesday night meeting, but after one hour of debate the meeting adjourned for lack of a quorum. No actions were taken to reapportion the senate. Many senators did not seem to favor the reapportionment i d e a s proposed b y Reapportionment Committee Chairman Ira Giller, but could not present any other solutions. The Giller Plan would reduce the size of the Senate from 80 to 60 and provide for elections once a year. The Giller Plan, according to its author, follows the "one man one vote philosophy" by giving the most students a chance to be represented. He said the present system, in which the student body president is elected in the spring, disenfranchises the freshmen who enter school in the fall, and gives a chance for the seniors who are leaving school a chance to elect a president. Senator Shelly Steves said the lack of a quorum and the amount of debate during the discussion point out to the necessity to reduce the senate size. Candidates FROM PAGEO (R), John Rostrom (CC), Robert Bruce Simon (CC), Patty Baldauf -(I), and BiR Meide (I), lUC; Scott Suarez (R), in Weliford (R), Steve Hatchels (CC), Thomas Mac Namord (CC) and Mack Tanner i (1), 2UC. The Senate seats are sought by Cindy Gee (R), Robert Day (R), Ralph N. Childs (R), Louis Constantini (R), a Phil Ware (R), Richard Towne (CC), Paula Gathright (CC), Ed Hunsinger (CC), Bill Balanzategui (CC), David Chafin (CC), Lauri Laughlin (1), and Bob Heller (1) Arts and Scences; Robert Gallaher (R), Clark Stillwell (R), Robert Rosenberg (R), John C. Revis (CC), Ken Cate (CC), and Scott Baker (CC), Business Administration; Kay Pierce (R), Maureen McCullough (R), Ernest Wards (R), Wendy Shafer (R), Nancy Atherton (CC), Bonnie K. Pickford (CC), Tom Ball (CC), John Shiener (CC), David Miller (I), Gary Rutledge (I) and Miki L. Solomon (I), Education; John Chan Sae Tang (R), David McClaskey (R), Jim Thompson (R), R. G. Blomberg (CC), Jack Martin (CC) and Robert Cammack (CC), Engineering; Willis Sherwood (R), Ira Giller (R), Jo Lynn Pijot (CC) and Ed, Reding (CC), Architecture. Guy Batsel (R), Chris Wickersham (R), Mike Pugh (CC) and Louis Tally (CC), Law; John Batman (R), Margie Wise (R), Cindi Lavely (CC), Steven A. Wall (CC), Henry Graham (I) and James Butler (I), Journalism; Marvin H. Giddens (R) and John Smehyl (CC), Agriculture; Dennis Hargett (R), Forestry; Rhonda Fosha (R) and Markt ; Gage (CC), Physical Education; Jo Ann Albert (R) and Katherine Mac Reynolds (CC), Nursing; Ron Waldorf (R), Hohn Arnold (CC) and Patrick Box (1) Medicine; Mark Grey (R) and Ed Olowin (CC), Pharmacy; Samuel Lewis Dukes (R) and Pat Crawford (CC), Health and Related Professions. Robert Hollignsworth (R), Terry Lynn Clayton (R), Richard Allen (R), Jim Murray (R), Bruce Patton (R), Marguerite Shafer (CC), L. Brook Hunt (CC) and Bobby Williams (I), lUC; -Fletcher M. Gibson (R), Dave Aspinwall (R), Elsie Phillips (R), Martin Mayo (R), John Lewis (R), Mike Baker (R), Marlowe Taylor (R), Charles Edgell (CC), Mary Weiss (CC), Bebe Gaines (CC), Mimi Gillis (CC), Andy Van Buren (CC), Paul Koch (CC), Robert Harris (CC), Alan H. Tralens.(I), Harry Eisenberg (1), Charlie Flaherty (I) and Eric Seibert (I), 2UC. POETRY READING Lola Haskins will read her own poetry on Sunday, April 4 at 4:30 PM in Reitz Union Lounges 122, 123 Sponsored by j. Wayne Reitz Urolo Spectators view list of candidates PHIL COPE .as the deadline to file approaches RAPP'S-PIZZA TRAI-N is doing it again. 1515 SW 13th St. Seating for 75 Friday andSturday April 2&3 -from 4:00-closing FREE PITCHER OF BEER OR COKE with the purchase of a large pizza (on premises only) Fri.& Sat April 2-3 Wth purchase f 'LARGE pizza Boone's Farm -794 6 Pk Old Mil1waukee99 ,f FAST-=H0TD ELIVERY r ial spub *nsulq June, July and August when It's published semi-weetcly, and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of theIr authors. Address correspondence to the Florda Alligator, Reitz Union Building, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32601. The Alligator Is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida 32601. Subscription rate is $10.00 per year and $3.50 per Quarter. The Florida Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of all advertisements and to revise or turn away copy It considers objectionable. The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustments of payments for any advertisement involving typographical errors or erroneous insertion unless notice is given to the advertising manager within (1) one day after the advertisement appears. The Florida Alligator will not be responsible for more than one Incorrect Insertion of an advertisement-scheduled to run several times. notices for correction must be given? before the next insertion. ==Hoop, 

PAGE 3

Fridy, Apr*.2, 3971, The FeoddeAmihgeren,.Pgs University Senate reduces members The University Senate approved Thursday afternoon a proposal to reduce itself, but rejected a proposal to give students voting representation. The Senate's membership will be cut from 718 to 368. A reduction was accomplished by having full professors serve for only two years of their six Oppression FR= PAGE ONE engineering, spoke on behalf of the Congress of Soviet Jewery Kellman said the Soviet Union is concerned now about would opinion. "An economic boycott would be just fantastic," Kellman said, "but face it, our fascist government will never do that." He suggested -insteadthat everyone write letters to Congress and the president, and diretly to the Soviet Union demanding that Jews be allowed exit visas. Lou Isla, a member of the Cuban Studnet Federation told listeners, "Inside Cuba, brother, you just ain't got no freedom, period." Isla described conditions in Cuba and said if the Cuban people don't comply with the government, they are put in labor camps. "Young people between the ages of 16 and 23 are in the military "whether they like it or not," la said. Mike Carr, chairman of YAF spoke about the "People's Peace Treaty," and condemned the National Student Association (NSA) whose members wrote the treaty, as "rather presumptuious" in assuming they represent the country. Carr called the treaty "a myth," and said the sole interest of NSA was getting money. Pakistan negotiates for more U.S. aid Pakistan is negotiating with the United States for a new loan of $9.5 million to finance expansion of electric power service in Chittagong, East Pakistan, and the surrounding area. This will bring total American assistance for East Pakistan's power system to more than $112 million, a US. Embassy statement said. urTrave" Plans for Europe? Wie SOFA aA 1i-41*,aOpen1e oI oven5000 i.c nI Cater Flighs connecting mut, than 5, European mlor messon n all ravel bgay$ or individual sudets i Eumoone.incldig ling oh SudetlFlighs. Nale---------Address--------*City----State --zip-_ I c eN e:SOFA. European Sudent ITravelCeter, 1500 roadwsy.New York. NY 10036. (2125 05 Foreouesto aslee OEnrop. etU* deowl MS ring a&ea811*0 COMMo. oeetdi MI&s. a7eFiNth AVeneee New York. NYO003 (212 765-74221. "This treaty would have you sign away their (Vietnamese) rights to line the pockets of NSA," Carr said. The treaty, which states "The war is carried out in the names of the people of the United States and South Vietnam, but without our consent," was signed by officers of NSA and UF Student Body President Steve Uhlifelder. Carr termed the treaty the most blatant form of surrender. Fight Hair Pollution with Red Ken Products, All Biodegradable Trish's Hair House EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES CALIFORNIA ARIZONA-HAWAI I Professional/Trainepoiions cu,rently avals i allfie Hlds. For 1 month's subscipton conaning hoed, of curnt openings .e nd JOBS in the SUN': proeneique Inr landing pew job) Satisfaction guarnteed. Send 9 to: UAOA, C&DIF0UHA 95007 year membership. Full professors become ex-officio members of the Senate when they achieve that tijie. Full professors now will serve for two years in staggered terms so that they are replaced every year. An amendment was tagged on the constitutional amendment which gave representation to faculty that does not live on campus. Dr. E. T. York, provost of the Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (IFAS), said the proposal as presented by the committee disenfranchised non-resident faculty. One Senator moved to add 10 students with full voting rights, but the proposal failed by a 67-80 vote. Student Body President Steve Uhlfelder told senators of the need to have student representation in the Senate to make it more representative of UF. However, Uhlfelder's words did not seem to impress senators who defeated the motion. A detailed proposal of student representation in the Senate was sent with the agenda of the meeting, but it was not read during the meeting. The Senate also approved a proposal that a Department of Community Health and Family Medicine be established in the College of Medicine. The creation of the new department is a response to an amendment to the 1970 Florida Legislature appropriation bill calling for the creation of such departments in state-supported medical schools to help ease the shortage of physicians in the state. The proposal is not subject to approval by the Board of Regents. "Such a department at the UF College of Medicine will encourage the development of concern for the health care of people as a community, whether it is a family unit or a population unit," College of Medicine Dean Emanuel Sutter said. The University Senate will meet once again at the end of April. COOL HAND LUKE STARRING PAUL GEORGE NEWMAN. KENNEDY SUNDAY, APRIL 4, at Sunset PLAZA OF THE AMERICAS GRAB A BLANKET, SIT BACK AND RELAX WITH COOL HANW. LUKE I --K -WNE'RE HERE!!!.1 OPEN & READY TO GIVE YOU THE BEST DEALS IN THE GAINESVILLE AREA POPULAR BRANDS AT PEOPLE'S PRICES WE GUARANTEE IT PERIOD. 109A F N AT MAON ST. ACROSS FROM 1ST NATIONAL BANK m 

PAGE 4

Page 4, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1971 Marchers gather at Starke courthouse FROM PAGE ONE you cokes, because I'd have to open the whole fountain, and our waitress just walked out on us." The manager said the fountain was closed but the blacks, refusing to leave, sat down on the stands of the stools sticking up from the floor. "We're perfectly comfortable here," one marcher said, "and we're not going to move until we're served." Mitchell then conferred with the police, a federal Department of Justice official and a clergyman representing the Reverend Ralph Abernathy, of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference (SCLC). In a final attempt to avoid a violent confrontation they moved on to the county court house and filed a suit with the county clerk claiming violation of federal and state laws. "Wherein this establislunent denied service to the citizens of Stake we are requesting that it be closed permanently," Mitchell said, urging the marchers to move on to the courthouse. A number of Stake high school students left their classrooms and joined the marchers as the .procession passed by. With threats of suspension in the air, the marchers cat-called to students just inside the high school's fence, urging them. to join the group and "throw down their books" The marchers gathered outside the courthouse waiting for the promised filing of a lawsuit against the drug store. "This is our grass," Mitchell said, of the courthouse lawn, "so take care of it." While they waited, they sang. "We Shall Overcome" was sung again and again, each time a little louder. Satisfied that .'~' v, action had begun on bringing suit against the drug store, the marchers atdown to listen to a black insurance salesman and march coordinator Herman Johnson, and Mitchell. "We are not afraid," Johnson said. We are going to stand fast for peace and equality. This is not an April Fool's joke." Mitchell hurled charges ranging from "institutionalized racism" to specific claims against the city. "Job opportunities for blacks in most cities. are nil and non-existant. We are not going to endorse violent acts, but those that occur are the fault of society itself. 'If William Calley is guilty so is President Nixon." Mitchell spoke in favor of a guaranteed minimum income, the corporate income tax, release of political prisoners and putting a "black on the Board of Regents." He said, "I'm very conceded in seeing the Christian leaders of this government start living up to Christianity. Poor people will do everything and anything necessary to dramatize the hypocrisy of our system." Mltcl claimed, "Although they may we are fishing communist aggression in Vietnam, theaggression isdght here." The action at Raiford was more subdued with only 9 representatives of the black coalition meeting with prison officials.' While police blockaded the Raiford side of a two-laned road and stopped any marchers from crossing over, the nine representatives met with Superintendent Diagger and several subordinates. They presented a list of Raiford prisoner demands dated April 1, 1971. The prisoners called for reform in almost every area of prison life beginning with the abolition of the present probation and parole commission. T h e y d e m a n d e d compensation for wok performed in the prisons, better medical facilities, improvement of the canteen and expanded recreational facilities. John Ricardo, a Gainesvie resident who spent six-end-onehf yews as a Raiford inmate spoke for the marchers, and countered several of Dugger's policy explanations with expedences of his own. Dugger, sitting behind the walnut-finished desk, fidgeted with, folded and refolded the list of prisoner' demands, which marchers claimed had been srmggled out of the prison. On several occasions Dugger cited the state legislature as the cause for the inadequacy of certain facilities. Dugger admitted several of the prisoner's demands had merit, particularly the fact that the 1200 prisoners had only 40 Roy Mitchell at megaphoe explains purported discrimination at lunch counter Local resident passes by marchers .on downtown Starke street Photos by Tom Kennedy showerheads and a total of an hour4nd.half in which to shower and eat. He said he would be in favor of paying prisoners a minimum wage, but it was up to the legislature. Ricardo, saying "we need people pushing from both sides for action," asked Dugger if he had ever told the legislature he was in favor of a minimum wage. Dugger said no. "People go around in fear of getting sick," Ricardo continued. 'They are afraid of going into the hospital with a minor illness and dying. And the new medical facility they're building will not even be able to handle all the prisoners by the time its finished." Dugger responded, "I acknowledge that we don't have the best medical facilities now, but we are expecting more funds through upcoming legislation." Ricardo suggested UF take over and administer the Lake Butler medical facilities. Charges were also hurled by the marchers claiming lack of religious freedom, racist personnel tests and censored outgoing mail. Before leaving Mitchell cited "There are only seven black employes out of the 600 here, while over 50 per cent of the 1200 inmates are black." Dugger claimed the prison had nade every effort to hire black personnel but that there were just not enough qualified applicants. One of the requirements for employment was to pass personnel tests. The marchers characterized the tests as "racist and unfair to black applicants." Dugger refused to speak to the marchers congregated in a lot across the street. He also denied them pennission to cross the street onto prison grounds, or for march representatives to tour the prison that day. "I w ouldn't want to disturb the prisoners," he said. The rally broke up, and marchers returned to the city, to plan their next move -to Tallahassee and Governor Reubin Askew. Dtholimd -nWh .awaits service I 

PAGE 5

HATS HAPPENING Bocky Lloyd Doggone: UF Pre-Veterinary Club will meet tonight at 7:30 p.m. in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Members of tht Auburn University Veterinary Fraternity will give an "eyeview" of Veterinary school. Campus Crusade: Campus Crusade for Christ will continue its Leadership Training Classes tonight at 7 p.m. on the third floor of the Union. Rose Revival: The Rose8Community Center presents "Power" tonight at 8 p.m. in concert at the University Auditorium. Donation is 75 cents. Guru-Vy Flick: India Club presents "Kanoon" at the Union Auditorium on Saturday at 2 p.m. Admission is 50 cents. Students' Union: Union of Florida Students will hold a meeting for all members and prospective members Sunday, 8 p.m. in room 361 JWRU. Applications for membership are available at booths outside Little Hall and the Library. Sunset Cinema: Movies will be featured in the Plaza Sunday at sunset. The free features include "Cool Hand Luke," with Paul Newman, and a boxing short between famous "black bears," Joe Louis and Jersey Joe Walcott. Reed: miouate should be met a TALLAHASSEE, Fla (UPI) House Minority Leader Don Reed said Thursday Education Commissioner Floyd Christian should meet the legislative mandate for "educational accountability" before asking for more money. Reed said the 1970 Legislature coupled the education budget to a provision that Christian develop a system for gauging the effectiveness of various education programs in the state. He said that although Christian was supposed to meet a March 1 deadline, only a "preliminary planning report" on the program has so far been prepared. GENUINE Water 17,000 Bffalo m life relli FM Ste station mad in India S sizes 7-12 SlOP 608 N Washington March: The Student Mobilization Committee to End War will meet Sunday night at 7 p.m. in room 349 JWRU. Plans concerning the march on Washington D.C. April 24 will be discussed. Teen Angel Revised: "The Wax Museum," a new show on WRUF-FM radio, featuring hits of the 50's and 60's starts Sunday, from midnight to 2 a.m. Dedications and requests will be taken at 392-0771 or 392-0772. The show is part of the progressive music show, carried on 103.7 megacycyles. Vegetarian Victuals: Krishna House serves free East Indian foodstuffs daily at 7 a.m., noon and 7 p.m. College life: Campus Crusade for Christ International will hold College Life Sunday night at 9:13 p.m. in the Murphree Area Commons. Rocha Film: The Union Classic Film Committee will feature Glauber Rocha's "Terra Em Transe" Sunday in the Union Auditorium. The film deals with the cynical realities of a political campaign in a mythical South American nation. Admission is 50 cents. Trees 'n Stuff: Environmental Action Group meets Monday at 7 p.m. in room 120 of the old Law Building. 17 95 for only cycl./audio 46 solid A a for instant-start cool long ability Receives AM, FM and re Broad logging ocle for verneir separation of Outputs for recording on Friday, April 2, 197,. The Floride Allipter, Pqs 5 'Tr EAT out often at" Restaurant and Coffee Shop SUNSHINE 2601 N.W. 13th St. SNPINE .Serving CENTER BREAKFAST LUNG DINNER TALK OF THE TOWN Hot Meat Loaf Sandwich 89 Open Style 89 whipped potatoes, gravy, ripe tomato slice FISH FRY DINNER "ALL YOU CAN EAT" hushpuppy, french fries, cole slaw, roll & butter $1.19 "Student Special" Sizzling Sir Broil Potatoes -Salad Garlic Toast Onion Rings Beverage $1.89 ROBERTS receiver $995p BUY NOW and SAVE $85 HURRY LIMITED QUANTITIES LL r4 O.4'-l 1562 Vhy not buy your ROERTS from a specialist?' I. MAIN -"Galnesulle's lgt eletronics delr." 378yew! upe redorer Automatic light signals FM stereo stations Special Jack for stereo headphone private listening Switch to adjust amplifier for matlc, ceramic or crystal phono cartridge Tuning meter Professional Service Guarantee Cowi's mmrwtes *h0 ym oir ns~r wil radius pseput, eurteeus, profasleed eamiles service, by our team of NaIonmy RecoenIad CERTIFIED ELECTRONICS TECHNICIANS. MPJON. -THURS. 9 -6, FRI. 9 -,9, SAT. 9 -5 L vkkO i 

PAGE 6

Pbe 6, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1971 Loan Fund sponsors Carni Gras By DENNIS ARNOLD Alligator Writer If you're looking for rides on a heavy trip .you'll get your chance April 8-16 on the upper drill area of the ROTC field. The Gator Loan Fund program will hold its fourth annual Carni Gras, a carnival of over 40 rides, shows and concession stands. According to Larry Green, chairman of -Carni Gras, the Gator loan fund makes over S40,000 available for students with the Carni Gras project. "The federal government also helps out by giving nine dollars for every one dollar created by the carnival," Green said. New phi osophy course created by necessity Green said, this year's Carni Gras will be two days longer. "We're in the process of negotiating an open air bazaar as an added attraction," he said. Fraternities are invited to run concession stands and many students are needed to help put up the carnival before it opens, according to Green. "Carni Gras is the biggest fund raising venture of the year and "the bulwark of the loan project," Green said. About 2,000 more students will be able to receive loans from money made at Carni Gras, according to Green. "We hope to have another successful Carni Gras this year because it's all for UF students, all the money invested goes right back for them," Green said. The carnival features rides like the moon walk, ferris wheel and bumper cars. Admission to Carni Gras is free. By COLLINS FORMAN Alligator Writer The Circus, known as PPY 201 to the registering student, is the philosophy department's answer to an evergrowing problem of overcrowding that has been snowballing for some years now. The Circus is an attempt at training the incoming student to learn and use rational and philosophical thinking themselves, and at the same time introduce him directly to philosophy. The Circus originated slowly over a period of years around tables where interested people of the philosophy department were trying to devise a way to alleviate the pressure felt from their bloating rolls. PPY 201 is trying to make the curriculum available, and at the same time interesting for the large amount of students that have been flocking to make philosophy their major. According to Dr. W. B. Jones, one of the four instructors for the course, there are no failing grades Vedic literature Singles 40 course offered T God realization is the subject Binders of a course being offered by the Cob Vedic study club this quarter. C The course is entitled "Study In Vedic Literature" and it deals31 with the different yog' systems, eastern philosophy, transcendental meditation and vegetable cooking. The course material will e taken from the writings of His Divine Grace A. C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada who is the founder and spiritual leader of the Hare Krishna movement in the U.S. The course will be held every Monday night at 7 in room seven of Peabody Hall. The course is free of charge. The course also involves the Black/WI te use of Bhakti Yoga, the highest TWU-66 Yoga system in which to develop A great buyI a love of God. and UHF an Everyone in the university on AC. 16 5 community is invited to participate. COI Full-feature TV. Mdel C instant actlo fine tuning a Powerful fro picture (75 s Thursday, from Apri with rigid ca Sine 1#i/n' to May 13 7:00 to 9:00 p m Instructor: Mrs Delores Buch Room 150 C & D, Union $5.00 fee register at the first class J. Wayne Reitz union given in PPY 201. Instead of a failing grade, incompletes will be given. It is not as upsetting, according to Jones, for the student to receive an "I" which can be changed to a passing grade if the student wishes to take the course over again. Dr. Jones said everyone who took the course would not be able to grasp the thinking involved in philosophical dialogue, and a great amount of average grades would be given. According to Dr. Marilyn Zweig, a professor of PPY 201 winter quarter, the name Circus just originated fromthe people all around who, when they hearC there was to be four instructors teaching 201, remarked this course would be like a four-ring circus, with a different act going on in each ring. The name has just stuck since then, and the rolls of PPY 201 have reached as high as 240 and are still growing. THESES -DISSERTATIONS Singles REPORTSBOOKS 4 1 H E OPY Prof IBM Typing .Binders .Reductions C Supplies ENTER TO GRAD SPECS NEXT TO PASQUALES REST. FREE PARKING IN REAR 1718 W. UNIV 376-9334 3-1E Rat to present night for guys Tuesday at 8 p.m. the Rathskeller will be the host of a film, folk and fashion show. The film festival will feature the performance, "Boys in the Band," and another film headlining Santana and Chicago, entitled "Different Strokes." Coeds from UF will model the latest in clothing apparel from Mr. Beau Jangles, and the Mixed Bag. The folk show presentation will be headlined by The Brotherhood. The theme for the evening will be "Boys' Night" due to the film showing of "Boys in the Band." Therefore, it will cost all males only 50 cents and the cost to females will be 75 cents. This showing will be limited to the first 300 people who purchase their tickets. Tickets for this performance will be sold at the door, the night of the festival. BREAKFAST SPECIAL TWO FARM FRESH EGGS (Cooked the way you like them) HOT BUTTERED GRITS GOLDEN TOAST 5 and Jerry's North FRESHLY BREWED COFFEE (open 24 hrs.) Jerry's South 1505 NW 13 St. 2310 SW 13 St. TRANSISTOR TELEVISIONS FITT IT E.VERYUNE BU. U DAY'SALE MOIV-F R I APR 549 5 orI 12"1 Diagonal MSs. Portable TV. Model 175 sq. In. picture. Has keyed AGC, 4 H a AGIAI%4L Ing, 4" heavy duty speaks and VHF Sold State Battery/AC B/W Portable TV with ternnas. Convenslent carry handle. Operates SwI5I 358M. Model TWA-70. i/6" W. x 12. I/W H. x.10 s16" 0. The ultimate In 12" portables (pictUrq measured SOLID STA E P95 diagnall .75 sq. In.). Black filter screen. ONLY$71 Mem*"rytun in Instant action Hideaway .ELE ION ONLY $129.95 Loveable Warranty 5 YEARS ItON TRANSISTORS 2 YEARS ON PICTURE TUBE AND ALLPARTS )R 1 YEAR a budget-priced'Solid State Color Budget Solid State Battery/AC B/W Portable FREE LABOR n nd ndc ,mTV. Model TWU-64. (CARRY IN SERVICE) n sound and picture, memory(Tbmoeshv nd easy to operate controls. A 12" diagonal Picture (75 sq. in.). Memory (Tube models have nt mounted speaker. 12" diagonal tuning, keyed AGC, power regulator and 1 year 0, abar and parts) q. in.). Contemporar:ety.ng noise elImrnator circuits. Earphone and Jack. irryllghandle. OperatWesn AC. sparry handle. AAC Sety pto ONLY$89.95 ONLY $249,00'G .7.7T. Low, 'III I IWL.VL.%I mflN.% VVo~GL E' T ff- 

PAGE 7

Rally scheduled for UF bicyclists By CAROL BRADY Alligator Staff Writer April is the month of showers, fools and follies .bike follies. The SG Program Office has planned a day of races, rallies and fun for all easy riders of the spoked set April 17. Competition is scheduled to begin at noon in the parking lot behind Hume Hall. Aspiring racers will receive instructions for the featured rally. Four separate courses have been charted around the campus for the cyclers. Various checkpoints will be set up in order to time the racers at measured intervals. The winners will be chosen on the basis of total time used to complete the course. After the rally has been completed, games and skill tests will be held at the parking lot. A gymkhana, or obstactle course, will be set up to challenge the bicyclists.Games on bikes will include "hide and seek," "tag" and relays through gymkhana. After the competition, there will be a band featured at the Reitz Union, from 2 to 4 p.m. Winners of each event will be awarded prizes, including ice cream gift certificates, movie passes, free lessons from the Union Arts and Crafts Center and passes for the Union game room. Anyone interested in working in the race should contact the SG Program Office for more information. Applications available for Florida Blue Key Membership applications for Florida Blue Key Honorary Fraternity are available for those UF males interested in joining the honorary. To be elligible for membership a student must be a full-time UF student with at least 7 quarters of college work to his credit, 4 quarters at the UF, with at least 84 hours of work accepted by the registrar's office. Students must also have a 2.0 average, participated in extra curricular activities at the UF and distinguished himself through leadership and/or service in at least one area. The applications are available at the various Dean's offices and at the activity desk at the J. Wayne Reitz Union. The deadline for returning the application is April 19. Friday, April 2, 1971, The Florida Alligator, Page 7 Butter up a faster tan with Copertone Tanning Butter Coppertone Tanning Butter has extra coconut oil and cocoa butter for an incredibly fast deep tan. That's why more people butter up with Coppertone Tanning Butter than any other. Coppertone Tanning Butter. One of 11 great tanning products by Coppertone. A product of Plough, Inc. s coming Junior Year in New York Washington Square College of Arts and Science of New York University sponsors a Junior Year in New York. The College, located in the heart of the city, is an integral part of the exciting metropolitan community of New York City-the business, cultural, artistic, and financial center of the nation. The city's extraordinary resources greatly enrich both the academic program and the experience of living at New York University with the most cosmopolitan student body in the world. This program is open to students recommended by the deans of the colleges to which they will return for their degrees. There are strong and varied offerings in many areas, such as fine arts. urban studies. languages including non-European. mathematics in the College and at the Courant Institute. psychology, and others. A qualified student may register for courses in all other schools of the University, including the specializations in mx mmerceand Education. e University sponsors progrMs4i Spain and France.' Write for brochure to Director, Junior Year in New York New York University New York, N.Y. 10003 ---------. 

PAGE 8

PhW,8 Tne loridiiAligatbr, PrkldyAt2,'1971 -k Editorial Why not? Why not? Many students do not think the radio stations in Gainesville provide the type of entertainment they want. Student Government has offered to fill the void by funding a private, non-commercial radio station, to be run by students. And we say why not? Monday students will present the idea to the Board of Regents Education Media Committee. We hope they will listen to the proposal and recommend the regents accept it. The group will then have to secure a license from the Federal Communications Committee. The need for this station is evident. A referendum passed by the student body in October, 1970, requested that WRUF (the university operated radio station) become more student oriented. But Station Director Kenneth Small said the referendum was unclear and pointed out that WRUF was broadcasting 17 hours a week of underground music. WRUF, which is licensed as a general service station, transmits in a 35 mile radius. This means, according to Small, that it serves graduate students, commuters, the general public and on-campus students. Therefore, we can understand his reluctance to cater only to the students who want to hear progressive rock and popular tunes. Mike Hooper, electrical engineering student who is trying to get the station off the ground, says the new station will focus on this type of music. "We would not compete with WRUF, except for its rock show, but would hope to supplement WRUF's programming by offering an alternative to students," Hooper said. The station will be run completely by students, almost exclusively on a voluntary basis, he says. But it will give students the opportunity to learn, and others the chance to enjoy. The station will provide jobs for persons interested in news broadcasting, personnel or engineering. Hooper says he anticipates 30 to 40 job opportunities. And besides, what could be the reason for denial? Money and manpower have been provided. The need is there. And so, again we say, why not? I Atlb IA 461 QI. OIL W mII "Aw, coin 'on gentlemen, give me a break!" The Florida Alligator Phyllis Gallub Editor-In-Chief Ken McKinnon Managing Editor Gary Grunder News Editor 0Iii *1 -o hi "Say, that layoff didn't help you much. a mb I if nig IIam one thing-a MANI By JAMES LEE, JR. Alligator Columnist My back hurts. I sit against a tree that seems improperly fixed in a place they have called, for reasons unknown to me, the Plaza of the Americas. People pass by me. Some smile. But, most of them snake their necks inside the collar of their shirts or blouses in turtle escape. Their bell bottoms whistle the wind's conformity, and the eyesthat are naught but academic hollows dim to themselves. I squirm and the dying bark of the tree rips my shirt. The library stands fixed and cold. The grass in front of it lay dying, and dogs run about sniffing trees. And I, in my questioning, wonder at it all. "Why" I think. The bell rings. 12:05 p.m. The ladies in their dull gray uniforms laugh. They hold greasy brown bags. Their shoulders dump weary. They smile a facade. The bus pulls up, they board it and I see my mother 300 miles away climbing into a car not her own. Her distiation .s.jnerq her and s Aows h etchildreW xId=9k&yri6m. "My God!" I thought, "as simple as that is, why haven't I thought of it before?" I HATE. I wonder that it took me this long, all of these 25 years to find out that I do not love the American, black or white. Tbis was a realization you see, am no American. I am black, but; not black. I am in my mind's eye, one thing, a MAN. I do not know all there is of life. For one man, this is an improbability. Society is so monumental, so ill-contrived, so complex and innovating that attempting to digest all there is to know with change as rapid as is, man would lose that minute bit of sanity he tries to hold together with the threads of scotch, and gin and tranquilizers, etc. I know one thing, American \ an idea. Ideas are strange things. me U wac d5IU wruL a They come naturally and bring irrevocably bound by their with them some immeasurable history, processes of their form of pleasure that isn't s o cialization, and the exactly alien, because it is by interactions they experience on essence a natural process. The the sexual, religious and effect is like relieving youself of iffernce ave for color. he i some load of foodstuffs you wans-ree sae a r eTheir eventually find yourself wants are the same as are their eepnualyforhvindg rsel reactions to similar situations. responsible for having sent on some voyage unknown to you. As an alien youth in America, Uke the journey of the wasted my black brothers spat upon me, foodstuffs along fluidic passages, beat me and mybrothers, so travels your ideas. insulted my parents, excluded us Ideas relieve you of the from social functions, and called burden of constant thought. us various names. My home was Yes, I Hate. The reasons are my ghetto. How much does this of little consequence now, for I differ from white America's am permanently molded into treatment of blacks? Little I this person I am and cannot ever would say. The fear is in hope to change entirely. Little -ffer? c itsid stmniothir d6(dI iWh bs gLtisd5 ett~ talke gni a a 4J e As j~b 5t father into co -ing to t4 ut, Ldid t shuife, I country, with the idea of fought this prejucide by ignoring escaping the squalor of a it. I concentrated on my own country Americans call person -my individuality. This underdeveloped, that life in is man's only savinggface. I fear no one, I do what I essence or nature could be no choose, I say what I choose, I better here for them than if they wear what I choose. I know had remained in that little piece myself, and there is freedom in of British property, Nassau, this. I don't worry whether I'm good enough in another person's I grew up in America, but, I eyes. 

PAGE 9

Y3T'M A T-%M 71 C-N 9-rN -br Y .Deferments eliminate student draft Editor: deferments. I am writing in answer to Mr. In many cases, going to Lowe's appeal in the Alligator college is a matter of money: (March 31) to college students, those who have it, or can get it, their families, etc. to attempt to can attend; others cannot. influence legislators not to Young men falling in the second We are. Called, We are Manson, We are guilty (EDITOR'S NOTE: The editor has decided to allow this writer to use a pseudonym, due to the special circumstances in which the author finds himself.) By EZEKIEL JONES Alligtor Columnist \HP E I~THE Whether you buy the myth orW you don't buy the myth you act out of the myth. The myth consumes our thoughts. It is something that we act against, or in agreement with. We define ourselves according to the myth, how we relate to it. We measure friends by their positions, check out our adversaries by the stakes they pull. Lt. Wiliam Calley is a Southern boy raised in the tradition of the myth. He was never taught to question right or wrong, but only to accept. He is the mirror of us all, the image of what we must become when we permit others to make our moral decisions for us. Charles Manson's face is the opposite of Calley's. If we needed two symbols to express the differences that the forms of life can take, we could not find two better ones than the faces of Calley and Manson. If some demoniacal god had chosen to play a joke on mankind, to show us how low our folly reaches in two diametrically opposite ways, he could not have chosen two more representative lives than those of Calley and Manson. The American soul writhes in a St. Vitus's dance. We are choleric, tubercular, cancerous and insane. The children of America, the Calleys, the Mansons, grow up to be murderers. We are a nation ol' sheep, too timid to shake our oppressors from our backs, but liable, nevertheless, to be made drunk with violence at any moment, liable to tum against each other. Charles Manson rejected the myth that Calley bought. But Manson, who writes poetry and believes in God, found no constructive alternative to the myth within a crazed society. All of us live with insanity, but the lunatic mirrors our souls and tells us how far we can fall. Manson knew that.the System encouraged men like Calley, nurtured them, protected them. He could not bare the image, and struck out against it. And, in striking out, he found his own hands were bloodied. CaGey and Manson. Minion and CaUey. Two sides of the American coin. Let's make every star in the American flag a star-ahaped photogspl of a dead Vietnamese dM. Let's my thatthe red in the stores symboizes all the blood spied in barbaric wars against red men, black men and yelow men. Let's say that the blue is the color of depre$1Na in Mnion's aid, in the minds of aS the children of America who we no alternatives, who can fled no meanings. And lat's say that the white represents the way the world looked to Lt. Caoey whim enfia&dWlmachine gunat unaredpeaants. We can put these men away, and we can try to foret them. We can kill them because they killed made killed and were caught., But we will neyr bof *14 serit we -t l16nffittheir lman s in our own mirrors, unti) we can acknowledge where they deep inside of us. And, if we cannot discover tim, or will not acknowledge them, then we can only continue -to fndscapegoats. The Barons of War and the DaroaofIndustry wil onplundering--our-nation. and ourworld. We can dispatch the Calleys and the Manons and all the little imbeoles who get in the way.But the pirates who prpfit from slaughter il go on profttngwhile they tor us CaDey's bones, while they shae C sdleslhatn'a'iad, The mlitary4iustil complex has sold 'akAn l. The people smutettbek their b gst,&well category are especially vulnerable to the draft. Thus having money can, in effect, "buy" a student deferment and prevent, or at least postpone, military service. On the other hand, men lacking money are often available for immediate induction. For this reason I feel that the so-called student deferment can function as a deferment for not only students but also for the well-to-do, and that such deferments should no longer be issued. I realize that my argument is oversimplified; but I contend that as long as we see the need for maintaining armed forces, they should include men from all economic country. Editor: It never c how our institution continue to onto these American p numberousc of every An wherein these never unc making it in to subject t victims of our society to the perils of bearing our injustices. The specific case in point: the trial of Terry 0. Grubb. Here's a young man, accused of the murder of William Baugher, a fellow inmate at the Alachua County Jail. He was convicted and sentenced for a crime of which the whole state of Florida is guilty. Grubb's case is not unusual, in that there are millions of Americans (if you may) who are subjected to the same type of dehumanization daily and who supposedly possess enough barbaric traits to be isolated as enemies to society and tried for the crimes of an entire institution, e.g. Lt. Calley in the My Lai murder trial. backgrounds in this Point of inquiry: I wonder if it is possible for a jury of 12 people who are products of a Barry Michelson small rural town, who pride themselves onthe fact that their population exceeds four thousand counting dogs and Grubb niggers, and who probably consider sodomy one of the gravest evils of a puritan society, could these people, the ideal Americans, actually weigh and eases to amaze me hand down a just decision decrepit American concerning the guilt or S successfully innocence of a person whom shift their blame they undoubtedly consider an shoulders of the outcast by the mere definition eople. There are of the act? It is a distressing cases characteristic situation for me and a morbid erican Institution position for Grubb. source of trouble is )vered, therefore cessantly necessary he most victimized What is most excruciating about the trial is that the root of the problem will never be touched and the true criminals will never be tried. I firmly believe that had not the conditions been so deplorable in the county jail, William Baugher would not be dead and Terry Grubb would never be on trial as a victim of dehumanization and degradation. Don't get me wrong, I'm only arguing as Georges Sorel would, that when a society operating as a whole commits a crime, it is not the crime of a few evil men, but rather the blame of the entire society. Florida -you are guilty of murder in the first degree. Some will say that Gainesville is an all-American city and a few months ago I would not have agreed, but after living through the aftermath of William Baugher's death and Terry Grubb's trial, I am convinced that Gainesville is an ideal model of the great American city. How can one be subjected, When evils are neglected And cold men feast delight? I am torn between the two With nothing else to do Crucified, Dehumanized, Killed! DONALD DIXON 4AS "You won't send me back to Raiford, will you?" Student Publcations Business Staff 76 reach Advertisi Business and Promotiont cas, Call: 392-1691, 8aas .4 C. R. "Randy" Coleman Business Manager T. Es "Kent" Dwyer Advetiinit Manager Jeenna Orfinik Promotion Manager T o reach Circu.lation Department, call: 35S-1S$ Alligator Staff 1 '1 jf f; 11o trng t r Wkp Editor Entero$ nttEd'pr Copy Editors Gory Pukal*Dabbl Smith-Vickie Rleh*LlndA Miklcowta Pubiihed b sadnts of dhe University of Floride under the a"is S of tudent Publicetions. dtorio: s Adartsing offices In Student Publlestons Suits, EdiitseWOl 9ime s 362-116W, 87,88 or 09. Opinions ospused In i FloridsAlusgor are those of the editors or of the rte s a md not those of the Universtty of Florlida. INS- 

PAGE 10

~, 1971 ~. Called to be removed from stockade Pres. Nixon changes Calley's quarters Campus monitor changes time Campus Monitor, thepWRUF student-oriented radio program is changing times, according to Monitor co-producer Johm Walkinshaw. Walkingshaw said Campus monitor will be heard Sunday nights from 10 p.m. to 12 p.m. instead of the original 12 midnight to 1 a.m. hour. He said the show was changed due to favorable response to the program by UF students. SAN CLEMENTE, Calif. (UPI) -President Nixon Thursday ordered that Lt. William Calley be removed from the stockade at Ft. Benning, Ga., and confined to quarters while a review of his life sentence is under way. Press Secretary Ronald Ziegler said the President called Adm. Thomas Moorer, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and ordered that Calley be removed from the stockade in which he was put following his conviction on charges of murdering civilians at My Lai. "This is not a legal step. It is a step taken at the President's discretion," Ziegler said. "He just personally felt Lt. Calley should not be put in the stockade or sent to Leavenworth while the review is taking place. Ziegler confirmed that the White House has received an unprecedented deluge of communications on the Calley conviction, virtually all of them seeking clemency for the young lieutenant. Ziegler, however, gave no indication of whether the President would personally review the Calley case. If the President personally reviewed the case, it probably would not be until the normal review procedure is completed. This requires successive reviews by the convening authority -in this case Lt. Gen. Albert O'Connor, the 3rd Army WASHINGTON (UPI) -Rep. Don Fuqua, D-Fla., Wednesday introduced a resolution to invite Lt. William Calley, convicted of murder in the My Lai massacre, to address a joint session of Congress. Congress enacted the code of military justice under which Called was. tried and convicted, Fuqua said. He said it was time that someone said, "we are his accusers." "It us invite this American serviceman here to tell his story." Fuqua's resolution would require the concurring vote of the House and Senate. Writing for the Congressional Record, Fuqua believes inviting Calley to speak "would be a perfectly legitimate function of commander -and several other military command levels and the secretary of the Army. Calley has been confined so the stockade since his conviction and normally would be transferred to the federal Don Fuqua Calley tell his story Congress, for maybe the laws relating to military justice are penitentiary at Ft. Leavenworth, Kan. to serve his sentence. Theseffect of the President's order is to put Calley under the same restraints -in quarters at Ft. Benning -that he was under when his trial was under way. poses ngress somewhat less perfect than they would have us believe." Fuqua's resolution would declare it to be the sense of Congress that circumstances of the My Lai event and Calley's conviction "raise issues in the minds of American citizens which transcend the interests of military justice The resolution would add these circumstances "require that Lt. Calley be given an opportunity to address the nation on the floor of the Congress convened in joint session." Fuqua told his colleagues while Congress was eager to invite astronauts for a pleasant occasion "we seem to be more interested in washing our hands of an affair that is unpleasant." FSU cigarette sale ban removed Students at FSU can buy cigarettes once again on campus after a three-month ban was lifted Tuesday by President Stanley Marshall. He still is preserving the ban on cigarette machines and not allowing the campus store to make a profit on the cigarettes it can now sell. Marshall's decision was influenced by a student-faculty recommendation committee that he appointed. FSU Flambeau Editor David M cMullen commented Wednesday "The decision is a good one." He said that most students were very upset about the ban since they would have to go off-campus to buy cigarettes. Regarding the prohibition of smoking in academic buildings, Veterans for Peace to rally McMullen commented this rule was never enforced but left up to the individual instructors, many of which smoked in class themselves. Marshall himself does not smoke. The ban on smoking in classrooms was, according to university officials, to "protect the rights of nonsmokers to have clean air in the classroom." sa V SPRING BOWLING LEAGUES ARE ORGANIZING NOW The Games Area is organizing a new league for Tuesday nights at 6:30. All interested parties meet Tuesday, April 6, at 6:30 p.m. in Rm 361 of the Union. People are also needed for the Thursday, 9 p.m. League. Interested persons meet at the Games Area Desk at 8:45 p.m., Thursday, April 8. RMITZ UNION GAMS AREA Representative prc Calley address Co Ong 

PAGE 11

Friday, April 2,1971, The FIerIb ANWIpar, Pap I! Draft call down In the first somewhat jarring time so he would not lose pay. note at the gathering of 5,000 Littleton said Monroe then from past 3 years Soviet Communists and more was transferred from the patrol than 100 foreign delegations, district to the guard station at Enrico Berlinguer, deputy leader the city jail "out of the sight of WASHINGTON (UPI) -The of the Italian Communist Party, the general public." Officers said Defense Department announced said the Italians would follow an he continued to let his hair its lowest draft call of the year Italian way to communism, grow. for May Wednesday -15,000 "Internationalist solidarity," D men, all for the Army. Berlinguer said, "does not mean Death rate up slightly In each of the four previous and cannot mean full agreement months, the draft needed 17,000 on all points with all parties. for troops in Indochin men. This would make a total of Internationalism is based on the S 83,000 draftees through May of independence of each party." SAIGON (UP!) -A total of this year. That compares with 85,500 through May of 1970 and 154,200 during the first five months of 1969. In announcing the May callup, Pentagon spokesman Jerry W. Friedheim said, "We still hope to be below the 163,500 men drafted last year as we continue efforts in the direction of zero draft." The Pentagon said the Army had requested a call of 17,000 men, the same as in each of the first four months of this year, but that Defense Secretary Melvin R. Laird had cut that by 2,000. Italian Communist boss challenges Soviet line MOSCOW (UPI) -An Italian Communist leader took exception today to a view expressed at .the 24th Communist Party Congress that all Communist parties must follow the Soviet model of socialism. Policeman dismissed over hair length TAMPA (UPI) -A 29-year-old Tampa policeman has been dismissed from the force on the, grounds of insubordination in a controversy over hair length. Ralph L. Monroe, who only last month filed a suit in federal court challenging police regulations on hair length, was dismissed Tuesday, officials said. Authorities said the dismissal came after Monroe allegedly refused to comply with a direct order from Police Chief J. G. Littleton to abide by the haircut regulations. Monroe had been on the force for three years and also is a junior at the University of Tampa. He was suspended for one day on two occasions in February because his superiors said his hair was too long and he refused to have it cut. That later was changed to lose compensatory a 58 Americans died in the Indochina War last week and 542 others were wounded, the U.S. military command said Thursday in its weekly casualty report. The number of deaths was up for the fourth week in a row and was four more than the number reported the previous week. The number of wounded last week was 207 higher than the previous week. The deaths raised to 44,788 the number of Americans killed in the war since Jan. 1, 1961. Member of Calley jury calls trial impartial FT. BENNING, Ga. (UPI) A member of the jury that convicted Lt. William L. Calley Jr. of premeditated murder in the My Lai massacre says the young officer got "as fair and impartial a trial as any man ever received." Maj. Harvey G. Brown added Wednesday night that if the guilty verdict "is tearing this country apart, it is good because maybe it will make them look within themselves to find out what's wrong. I don't think it will hurt the United States." Brown, who was ordered by the judge to remain silent on how he voted, said he did not feel Calley should bear the entire blame for what happened at My Lai. "I think that every man in that unit who contributed to the disgrace ought to be brought before a court of some kind -if not here whenever they reach their maker. "To even consider that any American soldier would ever do such a thing," Brown said, "is beyond my own comprehension. I wanted to believe it didn't happen, that it was a hoax. O'Malley: automakers must build better cars TALLAHASSEE, (UPI) Warning he will resist efforts to delay the strong bumper law, Insurance Commissioner Tom O'Malley said Thursday the automobile industry will have to build stronger cars if it wants to continue selling them in Florida. The law calling for stronger bumpers, opposed by the auto industry, is "one giant step toward reducing increased insurance costs," O'Malley said. Commenting on the auto industry's efforts to postpone the law, O'Malley said, "we're going to resist those efforts with as much force as our department can muster." It sounds even better than it looks. NIKKO 1101w AM/FM STEREO RECEIVER $399.95 The elegant styling of the NIKKO 1101W is only the volume. .exclusive separate volume control for the remote beginning of its beauty. Because it was made for sound. 200 speaker ssystem. ..two stereo headphone jacks with separate watts of powerful, dynamic sound from the most advanced volume controls. ..independent AM and F M tuning dials. .. electronic design on the market today. 1.5 microvolts Beautiful. Like a finely crafted musical instrument. Come in sensitivity. .computer-age solid-state plug-in circuitry. for a demonstration today, but don't just stop and look. Listen. Which simple means that the 1101W is capable of performance surpassing the capacity of the human ear -so performance am-as wemw -us = = V s 93 --A professional-type slide controls for bass, treble, and 41 Drug researcher says U.S. has pot paranoia MIAMI (UPI) -A drug researcher said recently the nation is spending too much of its resources on marijuana control as a result of "pot paranoia" and not enough on preventing hard drug abuse. "The same squad of police that makes headlines by raiding a -college marijuana party could be much better used going after heroin wholesalers," said Dr. Raymond R. Killinger, a physician who heads the Drug Research Foundation at Pompano Beach. Killinger told a meeting of Miami's Tiger Bay Club he did not favor legalizing marijuana until more is known about its effects, but he recommended giving pot offenders the option of participating in marijuana research instead of going to jail. "Heroin is where the horror is," he said. "Heroin is the kind of stuff that makes civilizations come unglued." "Too many of our law enforcement agencies are more concerned with arresting a college kid smoking a marijuana cigarette that might impair his driving ability, than they are about arresting a heroin wholesaler whose weekly sales might trigger 500 crimes," he said. He advocated setting up a marijuana research organization at the University of Miami Medical School which would use pot smokers for its experiments. 

PAGE 12

TALLAHASSEE (UPI) -A federally-funded nonprofit corporation to run a national drug abuse training center in south Florida is being sought by state officials, a House committee was told Wednesday. Tom Cahill, consultant for the office of drug abuse of the Florida Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services, said his agency is applying f unds sough for at least $500,000 in federal funds to establish a nonprofit corporation to operate the center. The plans were explained to the House Task Force on Drug Abuse, which heard presentations for drug abuse from other officials, including Harris Goldstein, drug abuse research consultant, and Dr. Robert t Hunter, director of the Florida State University Health Center. traini-n cen er Hunter said there was "relatively little heroin used on campus" at FSU. "I believe that the vigorous approach by our local enforcement agencies has prevented significant influx of drug culture elements and its contamination of our :'.:::.:'''::'''::".::.'':. youth," he said. The doctor cited a "startling decrease in the number of 'bad trips' seen" at the FSU health center during the past year, and he said he was not sure why." Goldestein said there was a serious lack of information about the number of users. "The main thing Florida needs right now is some information because hard data about the extent of the drug problems is almost nonexistent." The proposed national drug abuse prevention center would concentrate on training professional persons who come into contact with drug users or potential users, Cahill said. Those trained -doctors, lawyers, judges, teachers, social workers and others -would go through an intensive course in the overall phenomenon of addiction and dependency ranging from alcoholism to drug use. "There are 100 drug treatment programs in Florida, and not more than 25,000 heroin users, while there is one alcoholism treatment program for 170,000 alcoholics," said Cahill. "None of the drug programs is concerned with prevention." The national center would stress prevention, he said. Presidential primary linked to reform TALLAHASSEE (UPI) Establishment of a presidential primary in Florida, possibly linked to reform of the selection process of party delegates, is being considered strongly by the House Elections Committee, according to Rep. Elvin Martinez of Tampa. Martinez, chairman of the committee, said his staff is working on plans for a possible presidential primary, which he said could be held in conjunction with a new process of selecting party delegates. The Democratic party has mandated reform of the delegation selection process, and linking it to a presidential primary is one way to do it, Martinez said. "A Florida primary would upstage a New Hampshire primary because we have so much more to offer -votes, support, and weather," Martinez said, mentioning "six million votes here and 400,000 there in New Hampshire." Party reform and the presidential primary issue have been marked major items of his committee's legislative program, he said. Ric Rumrell, staff director of the committee, said, "we need some type of restructuring of the delegate selection process. We could have party personnel run at the same time as the presidential primary." come along with FREE RIDE Dance and Concert Retz Union South Terrce APRIL 2, 1971 9:00 PM -1:00 AM FREE!!! se i. Wayvn-u NO R N .b a., OUPON TNIS COUPON WORTH FIVE DOLLARS WHEN FILINGA TAX RETURN WITH Fae&iBud I& I Accountants 35 N. Mglin -St.s l5ktar DIAL 378-9666 5 -,"w~w qmoml FIWE LLMR Tickets Available at The Hub The Record Bar The Union Box Office Tables on Campus Get Yours now f or $1.00 ATTEND A NauraI.Spee Reading Skills Will B e xplained *WOrld Famous Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics offers you a free glimpse of what it's like to be able to read and study much faster. OYou'll hear what the faculty members of one of America's foremost colleges says about Evelyn Wood, and watch them read-fasti C You'll see why Presidents Kennedy and Nixon invited Evelyn Wood to the White House to teach their advisors and the Joint chiefs of Staff how to read faster. C You'll find this Special Free offer Of Increased reading speed to be an exciting and unusual experience. Ne want you to decide for 0 You'll actually be taught how to yourself the value of b ecr ving a read and study faster during the Speed-Reader, Evelyn Wood style, exciting Speed.Reading Lesson. For a limited time we are offering a special Speed-Reading Lesson to provide you with a glimpse of what it's like to be able to read and study substantially faster. .and you'll actually participate in the techniques that will improve your reading and study speed on the spot! 1125 Wa Uv 372-1600 next to Donigans -r.s-a-w Today Sat. & Sunday 3e.4eeu READING DYNAMICS "There are 100 drug treatment programs in Florida .None of the drug programs is concerned with prevention. Tom Cahill Page 12, The Florida Alligator, FrIday, April 2, 1971 

PAGE 13

FrIday, April 2,1971, The Florida Aligator, Pap 13 university calendar Friday, April 2 Baseball: U of F vs. Auburn, Home Game Union Movie: "Dynamite Chicken", Union Aud., Rose Community Center Concert, University Aud., 8:30 p.m. Union Dance: "Free Ride", Union Terrace, 9:00 p.m. Saturday, April 3 Baseball: U of F vs. Auburn, Home Game India Club Movie "Kanoon", Union Aud., 2:00 p.m. Union Movie: "Dynamite Chicken", Union Aud. Music Department Glee Club Concert, University Aud., 8:15 p.m. Sunday, April 4 Union Poetry Reading, Union Lounges, 4:30 p.m. Twilight Band Concert, Union North Terrace, 6:45 p.m. SGP: Movie at Sundown "Cool Hand Luke", Plaza of Americas Union Movie: "Terra Em Transe", Union Aud. Monday, April 5 University Gallery Lecture: "Photography" -Mr. Douglas Prince, Gallery Reitz Union Print Sale, Ballroom, 10:00 a.m. Union Movie: "Black God, White Devil", Union Aud. I Tuesday, April 6 Union Movie: "Antonio das Mortes:, Union Aud. Music Department: McDill Air Force Stage Band Concert, University Aud., 8:15 p.m. Baseball: U of F vs. Florida Southern, Home Game "Dialogue" -Open Phone Forum, WRUF 850 on dial, 11:00 p.m. Wednesday, April 7 Florida Players, "The Knack", Constans Theatre, 8:00 p.m. Union Movie, "Antonio das Mortes," Union Aud. Thursday, April 8 Florida Players, "The Knack", Constans Theatre, 8:00 p.m. Engineering Fair Fashion Shoe & Queen Contest, Union Ballroom, 8:00 p.m. Union Movie: "Charly", Union Aud. Friday, April 9 Florida Players, "The Knack", Constans Theatre, 8:00 p.m. Rose Community Center Concert, University Aud., 8:00 p.m. Tennis: U of F vs. Alabama, Home BOX OFFICE SALES IFC: Bill Cosby $3.25 GP, $3.00 ID Florida Players, $1.50 GP, $75 ID, $1.00 others Florida Symphony, $2.25 GP, $1.25 Students I THE IN-FASHION STORE enjoy The Florida Alligator A 7=77Z7 

PAGE 14

Pap 14, The Floride Alligator, Ftiday, April 2, 1971 Aleixo creates break-14 Brazil's two parties By REG CROWDER Alligator Staff Writer The big surprise in Brazil this week, the seventh anniversary of the coup in which the military took control of the government, was the creation of a "third party" movement. Pedro Aleixo, former vice president, announced formation of the Republican Democrat Party (PRD). Aleixo, a 69-year-old civilian lawyer, was blocked from becoming president in 1969 when he normally would have succeeded Gen. Arthur de Costa e Silva, who suffered a stroke. Thi i te first sign of a brek from the two-party arrangement imposed by the iron-fisted military rulers. Brazil has a tradition of many political parties. Parties were easy to form and the frequent coalitions in the Congress made small parties worth the effort of creating. However, on April 1, 1964, the military and the governors of the major Brazilian states of Sao Paulo, Minas Gerais, Rio Grande do Sul and Guanabara united to overthrow civilian President Joao (Jango) Goulart. Goulart, best described as a populist, was ineffective as president and put up little resistance. The Army probably had wide support in the coup. It was expected they would merely intervene temporarily and install a new civilian government as had been the tradition in earlier revolts. This time the Army stayed. Institutional Act Number Two issued by the Army in October of 1965 banned all the parties which then existed. The junta created a government party, ARENA, National Renovating Alliance, and the MDB, Brazilian Democratic Movement, as a sort of captive opposition. Charges of torture and political repression have come from several sources: the Brazilian Information Front, a group of Brazilian exiles headquartered in Algiers; the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ), a nonpolitical organization having consultative status with the United Nations; and leaders within the Roman Catholic Church, most recently the archbishop of Sao Paulo, the Most Rev. Paulo Evaristo Arns. The government of Brazil has refused to let the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights (IACHR), an organ of the Organization of American States (OAS), investigate the charges. Given the behavior of the military government so far, it is hard to determine how CAMPUS REP BOB STACY 3785V2 MILLER-BROW. 4222'N W 13th ST4 Alligator Looks 'at Latin America successful Aleixo might be with his new party. When President Costa e Silva suffered a stroke on Aug. 29 and died Dec. 17, 1969, Aleixo was blocked from moving up to the presidency. A triumvirate of military men took control of the executive office until they found an obscore general, 63-year-old Emilio G. Medici, to be the new president. Aleixo's PRD immediately drew criticism this week from. Medici who is still president. Government officials claimed constitution through legal means." It will also press for greater civil rights. But while a true split of anti-government forces might be helpful to the military, the existence of the PRD holds, one latent threat. If the captive opposition MDB and the new PRD should together get more followers than the MDB now, the two could come together in a coalition against the military ARENA forces. Brazilian politicians know well the politics of coalition. Aleixo's party is a "Trojan horse" which will destroy the basis of a two-party system and pave the way to the political excesses of a multiparty system. The rules of the new party were entered into the official government gazette. The question is how far the government will allow the new party to go toward qualifying for a place on the ballot. The military government could, it appears, quash the new party at any point either by manipulating the electoral courts which must give approval to the party or simply by issuing an edict doing so. It may still do just that if the PRD appears to gettoo powerful. One clue as to why it hasn't done so yet liesin the strength of the captive MDB opposition. It has shown surprising strength despite the elimination of so many of its leaders. The new party could serve to split anti-government forces. Essentially Aleixo has said the PRD will seek to reinstitute direct election for state governors, presently selected by the president, and "ammend the UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA M men's Glee, Club Women's Glee Cly saturday Aprl3 8:1~pm UNIVERSITY AUDITORIUM Admission FREE Wom 'OPP I I I Mim leffilic=17 T-17LILLIAN'"S MUSIC STORE Complete Line of Musical Merchandise FREE Music Literature 39 years Experience 112 S.E. 1st ST. Union Print 6 Poster Arts I Crafts Sale April 5 & 6 Union Ballroom & Galleries 11am -9pm Sponsored by the JWRU 

PAGE 15

Cosby Bill Cosby, who will appear in c the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band on A lFC Spring Frolics, was once as special nature of his humor. "I guess you have to start with humor," Cosby replied. "In my c funny sayings, just trivial thing stories about them later. I'd just humorous look at what I heard that when I retold these stories I c laugh." Throughout his professional ca in 1962, Cosby has adhered to h offending an audience. "I don't want to offend," Cosb take my own talent and person: connection between me and the button. You can't do that by o Bugs Beny stars with Pool Newman Sunday in Plaza Prison camps, boxing champs, and Bugs Bunny will be featured in the Plaza of the Americas Sunday at sunset. This strange mixture af people and places is part of a free film festival similar to the one held last quarter. Response from the winter event inspired this spring's festival. Sandy Freidin, co-ordinator and promoter, wil be master of ceremonies for the evening. Paul Newman and his baby blues will headline the evening's excitement in "Cool Hand Luke." In the movie, he is sentenced to serve on a prison road gang after, maliciously decapitating several parking meters. The film treats prison life and its administration. Boxing fans will be treated to a ring-side seat at the historic bout between Joe Louis and Jersey Joe Walcott. For those who are young at heart, or just need a -lift, cartoons will be shown as part of the evening's entertainment. Participants are advised to bring food, blankets, pillows and even popcorn -to share with their neighbors. here for Frolics oncert along with want to do, what I have always tried to do, is create pril 17 as part of a little laughter in the soul." ked to define the The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, formed in 1966, was labeled by one critic as "the finest rustic-rock unit a natural sense of in the nation." ase, I'd remember The group, specializing in music and both visual gs, and then tell and vocal comedy, scored one of its major triumphs t naturally take a with the album "Uncle Charlie and His Dog Teddy" and soon I found and the single "Mr. Bojangles." ould make people Its five members play a variety of musical instruments with a range that extends from country reer, which began to bluegrass to Cajun sounds. is credo of never Tickets for the show, which will be at 8 p.m. in Florida Field, will go on sale today. y says. "I want to Tickets are $3 for students, $3.25 for the general ality and make a public and $3.50 at the gate. They are available at audience's funny Recordsville, Record Bar and the Reitz Union Box ffending. What I Office. Comedian Oil Cosby .to create a little laughter in the C0 c0 0m cp ALL 8 TRACK TAPES ALWAYS $3.o99 OR TRADI YOUR USED TAPE FOR NEW ONES $1.5( soul E 5. LI FLORIDA QUARTERLY ta sa o *OVER;1000QOOTAPES! 1NW 13th St. o~~na~wawv33 r NJ. NJ. NJ. ~jJ .",Ibm rjw 

PAGE 16

I.' Pap 16, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1971 'Airport,' 'Patton' tops in nominations By JIM OKULA Alligator Entertainment Editor Once again, it's time for flick followers to make a last minute dash to the theater in attempt to catch any of the nominated films that they've missed. And in case you're among the herd who want to pick your own winners of the Oscars to be given by the Motion Picture Academy on April 15, Gainesville re-runs are a good thing. Well, at least some of the lines are shorter. Nominated for Best Motion Picture of 1970 are: "Airport," "Five Easy Pieces," "Love Story," "MASH," and "Patton." "Airport" and "Patton" scored top honors, each receiving 10 nominations. "Love Story" placed third with seven nominations; "MASH" and "Tora! Tora! Tora!" receiving five each. In the categories of Best Actor and Actress, the accent was on youth and newcomers to the field. Melvyn Douglas, who won the award for Best Supporting Actor for "Hud" in 1963, was the only veteran nominated; Douglas was nominated for "I Never Sang For My Father." Other nominations for Best Actor include: James Earl Jones, "The Great White Hope;" Jack Nicholson, "Five Easy Pieces;" Ryan O'Neal, "Love Story" and George C. Scott, "Patton." Scott has since declined the nomination and has asked that his peers do not vote for him. O'Neal and McGraw .nominees for Oscars However, Scott is speculated to be a favorite for the Oscar, with Melvyn Douglas and Jack Nicholson trailing behind. Jack Nicholson was awarded the Best Actor of 1970 by the New York Film Critics. Nominated for Best Actress were: Jane Alexander, "The Great White Hope;" Glenda Jackson, "Women In Love;" Ali Loa Haskins to read poetry here Sunday Lola Haskins, poet and entertainer, will be reading poems which she has recentlywritten Sunday at 4:30 p.m. in room 122 of the J. Wayne Reitz Union. This will be the second appearance for Mrs. Haskins at UF. She gave a reading of her poetry last fall and was invited back by the Department of English. The poetry she will be reading will be the material which she has written within the last one-two years. Some of the poetry was written during her stay in England. Other poems were written while she was singing folk songs in the West Indies and Mexico along with her husband, Gerald Haskins. LESSONS attetere Wra Judy Lantos TWgBaysfrem APOs g to May 11 C4, Union I" m JWR1 Her husband describes Lola's poetry as "modem poetry, certainly not classical." Mrs. Haskins' performance is being sponsored by the Reitz Union Program Committee and the Department of English as part of the Campus Speaker Series. MacGraw, "Love Story;" Sarah Miles, "Ryans Daughter" and Carrie Snodgress, "Diary Of A Mad Housewife." Currently, "Love Story" and "Diary of a Mad Housewife" are playing at the Center Theatre. Coming to Gainesville Friday is "The Great White. Hope" which will open at the Center Theatre. Next week, the Plaza Theatre will re-run Fellini's "Satyricon," which received a nomination for Best Director. Other nominations were: Best Supporting Actor: Richard Castellano, "Lovers and Other Strangers;" Chief Dan George, "Little Big Man;" Gene Hackman, "I Never Sang For My Father;" John Marley, "Love Story" and John Mills, "Ryan's Daughter." Best Supporting Actress: Karen Black, "Five Easy Pieces;" Lee Grant, "ue Landlord;" Helen Hayes, "Airport;" Sally Kellerman, "MASH" and Maureen Stapleton, "Airport." Best Director: Federico Fellini, "Satyricon;" Arthur Hiller, "Love Story;" Robert Altman, "MASH;" Franklin J. Schaffner, "Patton" and Ken Russell, "Women In Love." Best F oreign Film: Switzerland, "First Love;" France, "Hoa-Blhn;" Italy, "Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion;" Belgium, "Paix Sur Les Champs" and Spain, "Tristana." Best Song: "For All We Know," from "Lovers and Other Strangers;" title song from "Pleces of Dreams;" "i'sank You Very Much," from "Scrooge;" "Til Lowe Touches Your life," from "Madron" and "Whistling Away the Dark," from "Darling LIIS WEEKEND OWING SPECIAL 354 UNmErgame 3 gms$100 UNION GAMES AREA 2003 SW 13 St. Best Cinematography: "Airport," "Patton," "Ryan's Daughter," "Sinsaku," "Tora! Tora! Tora!" and "Women In Love." Best Screenplay from another medium: "Airport," George Seaton; "I Never Sang For My Father," Robert Anderson; "Lovers and Other Strangers," Renee Taylor, Joseph Bologna 372-7644 and David Zelag Goodman; "MASH," Ring Lardner, Jr. and "Women In Love. Best Original Story and Screenplay: "Five Easy Pieces," Bob Rafelson and Adrein Joyce; "Joe," Norman Wexler; "Love Story," Erich Segal; "My Night At Maud's," Erich Rohmer and "Patton," Francis Ford Coppola and Edmund North. r------.-.-.-.-.--.-.-*ss~~5T(AK4SHAfKC1 Student Special (With The Coupon) Our Regular 93t Steakburger Luncheon And Any 154 Drink $1.08 Value Only 9O plus tax SW 3hSteak n' Shake 1610 S.W. 13th St. Gainesville sides ON SALE AT THE HUB 19711 The finals Are Here! The Great Subeating Contest Held at Frank's Sub Base SOt. April 3 -2PM The finalists o Kelly v. Clint DwJa3 Ma.-EaMar .zs got the biggesTo Faor FREE DELIVERY Call Frank's Sub Base 372-7644 Try QUY 24" Perc.Sub foray reu at 

PAGE 17

..~ .L AT R---ASSIpIE Friday, April 2, 1971, The Florida Alligator, Page 17 a~y~~m.: ea:a:-::.:-.:-::::.:.:.::.:.:.::.:.:.::.:.:.:. :A :-.:E PANASONIC tape recorder model rs760s, 3 speed, sound on sound $65. ALSO engagement-wedding ring set, 33 caret $70. 378-4940 7 pm IA-SI107-p) Surfboards for Sale or Rent Weber, Oceanside or R&R. Will also make you a custom surfboard Call 392-8328 or 392-8402 (a-5t-106-p) TENNIS! rackets balls restringing and lessons all at lower prices call Bob Jackson 378-7841 (A-5t-106-p) Ten speed racer $50, new also set of weights, 120 lbs. $20 call Jim 378-8322 student (A-3t-106-p) SALSA IE Carport sale April 456 10am to 6pm books clothes electronic junk pwbus seat unused gifts students moving to Colo. 312 se 50th st. (A-1t-107-p) SOUP'S on, the rug that is, so clean the spotnwith Blue Lustre. Rent electric shampooer $1. Electric upholstery shampoos also available. Lowry Furniture Co.(A-tf-cl Yamaha '70 dt-1 Endura excel. cond call 734-0869 after 5 PM (A-5t-107-p) Girls 3 speed bicycle good condition phone afer 3:30 373-3616 (A-3t-107-p) FRIDAYAPRIL 2 1971 ERSITY AUDIrOPlU DONATION-754 82 R M. -~ -0 pa, ..Vt. AE 1970 Yamaha Enduro 250cc 6,000 mi $600. call 376-4185 (A-5t-107-p) Stereo 8-tr Cartridges Recorded Premium Quality Low-Noise Tape 80-min (2 or more albums) $4,40-min $2.50 includes tape & 1 day service Don't be fooled by cheap imitation Guaranteed Quality 378-5916 night (A-5t-107-p) 175cc bultaco cycle street version good running condition engine rebuilt and new paint asking $225 call Bob 373-4383 (Alt107-p) SONY compact stereo system, HP -188. with or without speakers. Excellent condition. Call Marcia at 378-9064 (A-2t-107-p) For Sae-1968 Honda 160 Scrambler, good condition, $300 call 378-9934 also portable stereo, Admiral, 40 watts $75 (A-2t-107p) Stereo: Scott 342c 110 watt fm receiver with case. Still under warranty. Cost $325 newnow $215. $50 Superex head phones -$36. 378-9192 (A-3t-107p) : WATERBEDS. 319 West University Ave. 11:30 -5:30, Tues. -Sat. Waterbeds of Gainesville. (A-5t-107-p) STEREO zenith circle of sound perfect cond. extras include hdpns. worth $260 selling for $175 40 watts call Barry 378-3029 (A-3t-107-p) 1969 Honda 350. 2000 actual miles. Street scrambler, ex cellent mechanical condition. Hardly driven. only $500. call Steve 373-3480 (A5t-107-p) BMW 600cc rolls royce of motorcycles fairing rack 6 gal gas tank tools good mech condition turn signals $775 5-6pm 378-0181 (A-4t-107-p) ALL PHONO NEEDLES ARE AVAILABLE AT MUNTZ STEREO 319 NW 13 ST (A-15t-107-p) 305 HONDA superhawk engine completely rebuilt, new chain & sprockets really excellent condition $375 see at the Cycle Works or call 373-4080 (A-3t-107-p) 8 TRACK TAPES PRE-RECORDED 3.99 largest selection we also trade, buy & sell, new & used tapes TRADE-A-TAPE 14 nw 13 st. (A-15t-107-p) HONDA 350 ci, 1970 model, Only 3000 MILES, EXCELLENT CONDITION $650. call 392-8785 after 7 p.m. (a-3t-106-p) 3 handraised, housetrained, lovable ha siamese kittens need good home. they have had distemper shots. call Georgia, 378-7334 evenings. student (A-3t-106-p) AQUARIUM, 20 gal, air pump, two filters, light, heater, gravel. plants, 12 assorted fish. $50.00 call 378-5192 after 5:00 p.m. (A-St-106-p) AUCTION SAT. APR. 3 7:30 PM NEW, USED, ANTIQUES COBB'S AUCTION HOUSE 41 SOUTH ARCHER FLA (A-3t-105-p) L M L.M1: N.I. lith 51t xt 3rd R ,flphonm37&-2434 ON PERFECT FRMDAY Mr.Graham,the Earl and Lady Dorset request the pleasure of your company for cocktails. Get there early before the police do. SHOWS START AT. I 2:20 3:55 5:50 7:50 9:50 N.W. 13th St. at 23vd RD Telephne 378-2434 "An exquisite and beautiful film. it is the finest to run at the world-famous Radio City Music Hall in a couple of years!" -Judith Crist, New York Magazine jaiph Lkiln wrvii/ JY~e/rfna JK{ercouri i J,se atawm" -Assaf,'Dayan t~rlldir'f 14ehaia jeph i6:ckgiiW ~ -1. ~. i~. v.AN AVC INIASSV, lOWS START AT-. 50 3:45 5:40 7:35 9:35 S~c'Jtj41d4AI Vl ira Av O .1r o3 w.' P-a c,2., URSUIA ANDBESS STANLEY BAKER and DAVID WARNERin, -.Z .n at .ra v ADI-n-: 4: &On -or-ra Ow d are% e% 0 0 0 I I I Today's more for your money meal at mORRISOn'S CAFETERIA I FRIDAY'S FEATURE I I PORK CUTLET PARMESAN I z AND s. I YELLOW RICE LUNCH: 11 til 2 SUPPER:4:30 til 8 -FREE PARKING mORRISOn'S CAFETERIA. beyond comparison! 2620 N.W. 13th Sheet in'the Gainesville Mail I 4- 

PAGE 18

(AT()IR C ~SXF'AI)t Sn Chai Page 18, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1971 a S. ..'.~: "~"':: o w Henrv and Henrietta BIKE FOR SALE european 3 SPEED MEN'S BIKE BRAND NEW GREEN $45 CALL 392-8073 or 392-7720 (A-2t-106-p) ELECTRIC GUITAR -two pick-ups, vibrato tailpiece, with cord & case -$60.00. call 378-5192 after 50 p.m. (A-t-u06-o For Sale Vista 10 speed bicycle good condition only 2 months old cal 373-3279 ask for Lee $60.00 (A-S06-p1 Yamaha 305 $300 cr best offer 1966 call Jack 376-5565 9am to 10pm (A-3t-105-p) 1968-Triumph 250-w new gears street or trail -high pipe --915 SW 2 Ave apt. 6 $450. 376-8025 IA-3-1I 05-pt 1966 125cc Vespa scooter with wind screen very good condition phone 378-3254 $150 (A-3t-105-p) Stereo 8-tf tapes. Any 2 albums $3.50 Professional equipment used. All tapes guaranteed Call 373-3611 Ask for Jonathan or leave message (A-10t-105-p) Mobile Home, 8x40, air conditioned, two bedrooms, furnished, carpeted throughout, on large lot in shady park. $1500. call 378-1296 now! (A-3t105-p) Irish Setter puppies champion sired all males 917 NE 7th place (A-3t105-p) Trade-sony 500-a recorder ($499 new) sws-sos-nic-spkrs-exc. cond. w garrard turntable & preamp for elec ,gultar fuzz amp or $300 372-8243 aft 10 pm (A-3t-105-p) Benjamin stereo with miracord turntable 100 watt amp and two scott speiers. cost $550 new. need money. will sell for $400 call Jack 376-1481 (A-5t-105-p) HONDA cb-160 in excellent condition $350 or best offer 804 'yi. univ. ave. afternoons (A-5t-105-p) 1968 Honda Trail 90, step thru frame, automatic clutch, trail and street gears, excellent condition call 378-6029 or 392-0237 (A-3t-105-p)l Stained glass lamps, tiffany style and box lamps, many colors and sizes, do it yourself or ready to hang easy, fun and stylish. call 376-2195 (A-5I-105-P) Doberman Pinscher Puppies AKC Registered males $125 call 378-8067 (A-1Ot103-P) Bulldog Puppies. Only 2 left. Three quarters English one quarter Pit. See to appreciate.-Call 37291 4. Ask for Jean McCullars (A-St103-p) SUPER SALE Blank 8-track 80 n.n tapes 6 for $9.95 4''NTZ STEREO 319 N.W. 13 St. (a-20t-89-p) 4-SOn': Kawasaki Mach 3-500 cc motorcycle -1970 -well cared for, in good shape, asking $750 with extras call Jim, 373-2771 (A-5t-103-p) A film by Ernie Pintoff D--.GK N -. -i Friday, April 2 & Saturday, April 3 5:30,8:00, 10:30 Union o Aud. 50 cents Advance tickets on sate today at 2ndfloor box office from 12:30-4:30 Sponsored by the J.W.R.U. C.M. will be from the SUNDAY I IF YOU'RE LIST TUNE IN WRUF RADIO 85 3:30 -thank the critics! 5:30 7:25 9:25 orded ms $4 ch any nights JY All r. files D arm Office n St. wanted 3 call female Village 7 pool Stereo 8-tr. Cartridges Rec Quality Guaranteed. Two albu one $2.50, tapes included. Mati other offer. John 378-5916 (A-5t-103-p) COMPARE BEFORE YOU B New Student Desk 29.50 2 di 19.50 4 dr. files 29.50 USE[ exec. swivel chair 19.95 JR Furniture Co. 6205 S. Mai 376-1146 (a-25t-103-P) lR FIEM' ...; .; .. F emale roommate w $46/month French Qtr. 11 378-9057 (B-5t-106-p) NEED TO SUBLET TODAY to share townhouse Hawaiian stop in 162 or call 378-803 A/C laundry (B-5t-105-p) SUBLEASE Tanglewood a bedrooms 1112 baths dish disposal 190 a month fui available immediately call 37 (B-St-105-P) Male roomate wanted spring Hawiian Village pool tv $60 a 1/3 utilities call 372-8923 after (B-4t107-p) Need 0 female roomati Gatortown apt. 259 $45 per r deposit call 378-6708 spring (B-5t-107-P) apt 2 A New Leaf masher rnished NITTY GRITTY DIRT BAND 8-0910 SATURDAY APRIL 17 Jack WetN 8 PM FLORIDA FIELD qtr at TICKETS a .1 en.an mo. + Students G.P. Gate gaim Ma. er 5pm $3.00 $3.25 $3.501 e for AVAILABLE AT RECORDSVILLE[G mo. no RECORD BAR-JWRU BOX OFFICE quarter lotsIi. W. 1tISt. SHOWS 1:30 5:30 7:30 Best Actress WANTS TO TALK TO Best Actor U* He could beat making 5 phone calls any -white man Student Directory intheword, in the world. NIGHT 10 TO 12 PM ENING, YOU CAN WIN ALBUMS He just couldn't beat all of WRUF RADIO 85 20th Centurv Fox Presents The Great White Hope Starring James Earl Jones, Jane Alexander Produce by Lawrence Turman Directed by Martin Ritt Screenplay by Howard Sackler based on his play H---Lt. .' L PANAVISION G Av. k. GLAUBER ROCHA SERIES. The Reitz Union's Film Classics Committee is presenting these films, never before shown in Gainesville, by the exciting Brazilian director, Glauber Rocha. One of the few "national" cinemas to emerge in the last decade is the recent cinema of Brazil. It accurately reflects the social fervor and, progressive nationalist commitment of a new generation coming to maturity in a stagnant, dictatorial oligarchy shored up by American capital and based on poverty, oppression, and cultural and political colonization. Apart from being one of its mcst original and prolific filmmakers, Glauber Rocha is also the leading ideological spokesman of this movement, Brazil's famed Cinema Novo. This organization of young and socially committed film directors aims to develop an indigenous. socially relevant Brazilian cinema, free of domination by foreign (especially American) capital, drawing its themes and esthetic preoccupations from the country's heritage. and need for transformation. "To make film," Rocha maintains, "is to make a contribution to the revolution, to stoke it, in order to make people in Brazil conscious of their condition. This is the tragic origin of our VgS e M 4inger -as well as our most profound 'd rather than artistically imagined.-bur s -. aelty, i.e., of primal instinct. It, is0 revot u.tv Terra Em Transe Sunday, April 4 winner of the Prix Luis Bunuel at the 1967 Cannes Film Festival 0 Black God, White Dev# Monday, April 5 winner of the Critic's Prize at the 1966 Acapulco Festival Antonio Das Mortes Tuesday, April 6 & Wed, April 7 winner of the Best Director Award at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival Union Auditorium 6.30, 8:00, 10:30 50 cents advance tickets available Friday at 2nd floor box office 12:30-4:30 Once to every young man nines a summer lke this One Sumner that summer is about to begin U-M FILM DISTRIBUTORS IN( FLORIDA THEATRE ONLY SEATS $1.25 -ALL DAY -EVERY DAY I k;.I oV i UIABC FLORIDA STATE THEATRESl M9 I KI. J. rop.Ay! SUMMER 3:06 6:30 9:45 ON WOMA PLUCKEDCADu 1:30 A NEW LEAF brings back all the echoes of the old Nichols and May characters and Matthau, need I say, has never been funnier! A really funny kind of movie!"-Judith crist Nec Today Show "'A NEW LEAF' is devastatingly funny. It sparkles! It is packed with those brilliant insights into human behavior that are Miss May's hallmark. It's Matthau's best role since 'The Odd Couple' and he plays it to the hilt! It's whimsical, hilarious and in the playing of MatthaU and May-pure gold!"Peter Travers, Reader's Digest A HOWARD W. KOCHHILLARD ELKINS PRODUCTION (Witer M.!atthau. E1lne Ilay 

PAGE 19

SE ]L PF0WA TE D I Advertising sales,PrOdUctIOn & layout, general office. need-talented Friday April 2, 1971, The Forida Alligator, Pe19and/or experienced help with new Friday Ap ,i publicationsn. 376-5716 after 5:30 ..pm. (E-5-17-p) --.WRUF needs first phone radio X.operators to cover the summer WA -TEi months. if you will be in town during summer quarter, please call Ed ..Slimak at 392-0771 (E-10t-103-c) Get a liberal education by rooming Feale roommate Landmark Aps LUMMERCIAL PILUT must have with a hippe, a jck, and an Polsion Available immediately Call tailwheel time, do not apply if nt intellectual. university gardens trace 373-2240 (IC.t.105-p experienced, phone John Rubinot 37.50 a mo. 378-6353 (B-5t-106-p) 373-4354IE-3t-105-Po Male roomate wanted. Live Entire Very convenient close to campus apt. spring qtr for ONLY $53.75 + Campus representative for Student to be subleased by April 5. two utilities. La Bonne Vie apt Travel Group. Good income and rooms, air conditioned for only 125 a townhouse 356. Call 373-3385 discounts, send resume to Mr. Ray, month. call 373-3117 and ask for (C-ht-105-p) Anglo America Association, 60A, Jacqui (B-3t-106-p) ----___ Pyle St., Newport, isle of Wight, Graduate student needs 1 br or England (E-4t-105-p) to sublet 2 bdr furnished, has efficiency apartment immediately :-:-.-.-:.:. everything, carpet, air, 1e bath, pool, call Gayle 372-2949 (C-3-105-p) --.--. .---available Immediately $170/mo 392-1520 tanglewood no. 83 Roommate wanted for 4 bedroom :-.--.----. (B-3t-106-p) house private room 2a c cable TV 1/ 62 Rambler wagon, fact a/c, radio, utilities 37.50 month call 372-3888 heat. Excellent economical Grad or older student female only to 915 NE 11 ave (C-3t-106.p) transportation. Must see to share 3 br house in ne area own room appreciate. Must sell this week. $200 but unfurn. $30 + 1/3 util. please call 10-SPEED BIKE. Must be in good 378-5738 (G-t-105-p) we Mary 378-9347 (B-2t106-p) running condition. Call John at f b o392-8310 (C-2t-106-p) MGA 1600 1960 excellent cond. new n for rent 3 blocks from campus -top wire wheels paint radlals good .hen priv central air quiet 60 a Female roommate needed interior correllas mechanically sound month utilities Inc 304 nw 15th st immediately! Share 2-bdrm apt, a/c, $900 serious offers only 372-2340 378-8122 (B-2t107-p) $50/mo. + utilities. Only one block (G-3t-107-p) .behind Norman Hall. Call 378-8070. --------:-2:-:-::-: 6 %. -.:,.:,. (C-3t-106-p) 1963 porsche 356 super chrome WA TE wheels. am-fm-sw radio. michelin Student to live in and do housework radials. excellent condition. $2,150 you pay $40 mo. this includes room, or trade for vw camper '68 model call Female roomate (1 or 2) wanted for board, utilities, etc. Quarterly rate 378-5576 (G-3t-106-p) available. call 373-1759 (C-3t-0-) two bedroom apt on 16th ave ac & avial. al33-79 -t-106-p) noNorbTV.daagonteree ICAMPER, step-van, self contained, l n T interested Need a great place to live?! Rent a excellent condition, must sell fast to subleasing If interested call 378-1237 large bedroom in a big house, private pay for school 392-7305 (C-2t-103-p) entrance and bathroom, inexpensive. (G-t-106-p) Roommate. call 373-3408 or come ask for Colleen 373-2534 by 142 landmark. male (C-St-107-p) tC-2t-106-p) must sell 1965 chevelle new engine, transmission, Interior, paint, polyglas Need 1 roommate immediately three Roommates for 12x70 3 bdrm more. fine condition. dont delay call bedroom house on 55 st call mobile home stereo, air, pool, color 378-9682 now. (G-2t-106-) 378-6407 (C-3t-107-p) tv $55 plus util. lot 132 pnehurst park (C-St-106-p) 69 Fiat 850 Spyder $1250.00 Call Female roomate needed for 373-3634 after 5:00 p.m. immediate occupancy at La Bonne Female Roomate 1 bedroom, (G-3t-106-p) Vie apt $54 plus V4 utilities call airconditoned apartment. call 378-4403 (C-3t-107-p) 372-4955 after 4:00 (C-5t-106-p) Zazooks due to unforsen deficit spending my flat 124 coupe must be 2 male roommates wanted large 4 Male roomate (1 or 2) wanted for 2 sacrificed. am-fm radio, stereo, bedroom house nw section cable tv bedroom apt. 512-9 (Pt West) -5-speed trans., mechanically private or semil-private bedroom $40 subleasing also available Call impecabe but It does need a waxing. per month utilities Incl. 378-6810 373-3497 (C-4t-106-p) 40 tho. miles. I want $2600 but I'll (C-5t-107-p) settle for $2249, buy it. call 1 Female roomate needed for 378-6376 bet. 5-6pm. (G-3t-105-p) Female roommate needed for nice immediate occupancy at La Bonne ap. close to campus. $52.50 per Vie only 2 months rent for quarter Convertible Impala 1966 radio heater month, pool, a/c. Call 378-7080. call 378-3716 (CSt-104-p) panasonic stereo and speakers (C-5t-107-P) Installed. $1200.00 or best offer. Mature male graduate student for 378-3596 (G-5t-106-p) Wanted one male roommate to share quiet modern Summit House apt. 2 bedroom in Tangwood manor apt. A/C; pool; $45.25 per month + 1 CONVERTABLE '65 corvar corsa $50/mon. + utilities call Mike util. Call 378-7889 (C-St-103-p) excellent shape 4spd. 180 hp cheap 373-1070 No.28 quiet place on sw --$697.23: call 372-5254 & ask for 13th st. (Clt-107-P) $125 for entire quarter Male-own Scott. (G-5t-105-p) bedroom in large house -quiet and Girl roommate wanted May 1st 37.50 close to casse. 372-9789 between Corvair Monza 1964 White, + Ba utilities Close to campus Call 10pm and 10am. (c-3t-106-p) automatic transmission, radio, Brigid at 378-9391 (C-t-107-p) excellent condition. Call 378-5212 1 or 2 females wanted to sublet after 5:30 (G-3t-105-p) Roommate wanted for the Place Y2 modern 2-brm apt till June month's rent free. 82.50 per month $47.50/mo. call gatortown office 1970 cutlass supreme, A-1 condition call 373-4346 grad student preferred 378-3457 and leave message for apt a/c, ps, pb, 30,000 miles, $2995 (C-3t-107-p) No.224 (C-2t-106-p) write Don Robinson box 801 Two male roommates needed. Gainesville or call 376-1271 after 9 Immediate occupancy. $50 a month : p.m. (G-5t-103-p) 376-4185 6 neat apartment ]pEL -V VAI.I -) Volkswagen sedan 1969 white (C-5t-107-p) : excellent condition 23000 miles $1400 call Hans at 392-1461 Male roomate needed immediately. 2 males needed part-time during day (G-6-107-p) Fredrick Garden Apts. air cond. pool. to exercise, stand in braces, take to $42.50 per mo. No deposit. call Greg class and reed to a disabled veteran 64 Rambler $150 always goesi call 378-0803 (C-3t105-p) $1.50 an hr. 378-3489 (E-6t-107-p) _7_-2__7__ny_____(G-__-__7_ Male roomate needed for quiet one 1968 VW Sedan, radio. Excellent bedroom frederick gardens apt. Sell advertising for the Gainesville condition. Working hours call Spring, or spring-summer 62.50/mo. Guide Full or part time phone 378-1531 ask .for Kris Buros. After or sublet for Apr-Aug. 378-2058 372-9555 leave name and number 5PM call 376-8490 (G-51-107-) (C-St-105-p) (E-5t-107-p) '65 corair moza 4 doors radio 8. heat new paint and 2 tires runs good call 292-7178 make offer (G-3t-107-p) N N 1967 396 ss cheveil. Great condition. $1000. Brand new Craig 8-track stereo tape player. Cost me $120. Best offer. 372-7104 evenings (G-St-105-p) T RIUMPH T R4 1966 con. michlin -x tires sway bar bua +Mae eaci T :301& U VMMILIstripe -$687 call nowt 372-95'11 leave message for T. Kurru (g-St-103-p) 63 MG midget new engine & transmition make offer 119 NW 15 terrace after 12 (G-3t-105-p) I IIWIT"n iHEdmoD "a Sunand ki ds compete in sp Wal' PE RSONA L Married couples -interested in improving communications and understanding each other better? Participate in a Marital Enrichment Group experience. increase your awareness of the strengths of your marriage. Call now for a group beginning this quarter. It's free. Marriage and College Life Project. I nformation at 392-1590. (J-5t107-p) BOHASSZ IS THE ANSWER. MUSZKHA IS PEACE. SUNRISES HELLO MOON LOVE pd. pol. adv (J-1t-107-p) Students are always welcome at highlands presbyterian church, 1001 ne 16 ave. college crowd meets 9:45 am sundays, church at 11, am (J-5t-106-p) GOING TUBING? Tubes for Rent. Size 10:00-20 Call 378-5931, 3 721446, 376-3678 f o r arrangements (J-3t-103-p) The Photoworkshop-excellent b&w and color work at best prices. oassoorts. portraits, etc. Get fine handcrafted SANDLES at the ETERNAL EXCHANGE 804 W. University Ave. (J-5t-105-p) Two things are better on a WATERBED. One is sleep. From innerspace Environment at reasonable prices. call Elliott, 373-3144 (J-15t-105-p) Need a place to live? We need you! 1 girl wanted to share room in 2 bdrm. a p t .C o n v e n I e n t reasonable-47.50/mo. Call 376-7852 or 373-3153 (J-St-103-p) PLEASE HELP USIl five adorable kittens are looking for homes free, boxtrained kittens make great easter gifts -call 373-3832 (J-3t-107-p) Co-Eds Facial Hair removed forever, fast, low-cost gentle hair removal. E d m u n d D w y e r Electrologist ...102 N.W. 2nd Ave. Call 372-8039 for appointment. (j-44t-54-p) Get your books for Spring Quarter at lower prices Come to SG Book Exchange Room 306 Union Mar. 29-Apr. 2. 1-5 PM and Savel (j-St-103-p) ..ST d .... Reward of 10 dolIars for black wallet lost at Royal Park Theater sat. nite call Mike Douglas at 392-7124 affer eleven thirty at nite (L-3t-105-p) Glasses tortiseshell black case found in eng. parking lot check with union barbershop (L-3t-107-nc) found -green KNAPSACK. Identify and claim at Lost and Found, rm. 130, Reitz Union. (L-3t-106-p) Lost tan & white dog, vicinity 16th ave & waldo rd, no collar, answers to skipper. missing since Wed. Mar 24 call 376-0487 REWARD (L-2t-106-p) .. Alternators ge nerators starters electrical systems tested and repaired. Auto-Electric Service, 1111 S. Main 378-7330. Nowl BankAmericard adn Master Charge. (m-tfc) Overseas Jobs for tudents. Australia, Europe, So. America, Africa, etc. All professions and occupations, $700 to $3000 monthly. Expenses paid, overtime, sightseeing, Free information. Write TWA Research Service, Box 5991-K, San Diego, Ca. 92105 IIM-5t-105-ol We're wired for sight at the smallest eyeglass office in town. Drive your own waiting room to UNIVERSITY OPTICIANS at 519 SW 4th Ave., across from Greyhound Bus Station, 378-4480. (m-tfc) HO RSES for any purpose. Horseback r Id ing, hay rides, western parties-dance floor. Cowboy's Riding Stables. S.E. 22nd Ave. and 15th Street p h o n e 372-9134 (M-1Ot-103-p) INCOME TAX RETURNS 35 n main st. haber and budd accountants 378-9666 378-6127 (M-10t-107-p) Experienced -spanish tutor native speaker remedial grammar reading exam conversation $4 an hour 373-2252 (M-3t.107-p) *cRCF COLOR FCD THE FUNNIEST MOVIE NOMINATED FOR TWO I'VE SEEN THIS YEAR MlG AWARDS PLUS NO ONE UNDER 17 ADMITTED "C~O8 WITHOUT PARENTS STARTS WEDNESDAY I fR F3' F I olympics Sat Ap3. saum in eeds 100 volunteers, gym track bowling other call 392-1608 or come by 315 reltz u (j-3t-105-c) Rosanne, I love you mucho pal. Ltes play marbles someday and for keeps, okay? You betteesay yes or Pasta Fazvel!! Now you're 61 Rickle NOW PLAYING! tJ-1t-107-p) AT: 1:25-3:3045:35-7:40 & 9:45 Free-9 week old baby kittens,. to trained and very affectionate. phone the Desert Fox tolIell! 376-6131 between nooit: e0d 9 PM (J-3t-106-p) Explore your natural ,criativity. drawing is expressing your own personal visual vocabulary. ortvate unique individual Instruction. -373-1947 (J-5t-106-p) Custom jewelry hand sculpted. cast or fabricated gold, silver, or other* modern made from t.We i rings w/special meaning. reasonable 373-1947 (J-5t-106-p) professional DRAFT COifOSELiIIG MedIcal-Legal-Psycbolofilc oweekends Tel: $91.*736 2135 lInOW A UMVERSAL PICTURE -TECHMLO Road No. Miami, 33211Qetl6p 4 

PAGE 20

T he MARTY PER.MUTTER CHR LANE Florida Executive Sports Editor Sports Editor Alligator Pegs 20, The Floride Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1971 By CHRIS LANE Alligator Sports Editor UF's golf team started shooting for the top spot in the Cape Coral Invitational Thursday with even keener determination by jumping from By MARTY PERLMUTTER Executive Sports Editor UF's tennis team made it three in a row over neighbor Jacksonville University Thursday afternoon by defeating the Dolphins 7-2 on their home courts. For the Gators, it was their sixth victory of the season against seven defeats while the Dolphins drop to 9-6. The Gators swept all six singles matches and captured the No. 2 doubles for their tally. Buddy Miles and Kenn Terry, filling in for Tony Pospisil and Rusty Addie, both declared ineligible this week, made a successful comeback (both played on last year's team) by winning their singles matches. Miles triumphed 6-4, 4-6, 6-3 over Mike Hatfield while Terry defeated Tray Pateracki 6-4, 6-4 in his first match of the year. In other singles matches for the Gators, Ray Heidema defeated Keith Watson 8-6, 6-1, in the No. 1 singles match to get the early lead for Florida. Ricky Knight, one of the Gator's young squad of five freshmen on the starting unit, defeated Tim Pateracki 6-1, 6-3 in his singles match. For tennis coach Bill Potter, it was a satisfying victory after losing half of his team this week due to ineligibility or injury. Senior Bruce Bartlett will be on the sidelines for the remainder of the week due to tendonitis of the arm. The Gators will have a few Tip-Off Club give awards BV Aligator Srvices The Gator Tip-Off Club will present its annual awards banquet -' turday at the J. Wayne Reile Unloish ballroom beginning at 7 According to Tip-Offpresident, Dr. Richard Smith, the banquet wl horiO all Gator basketball yei~ the TipOff Club jrssts a nuber of awards. In the same tdne, the U coaching #W will also present trophies for outtanding achievements in the Sahb'noted that the banquet 1#91,*Db or the Gator TipOff Asm convond of Sstas fMin Florida third to second place, but front-rank Houston continued to pull even further out of reach. Led by Sophomore Andy North's second round tally of 68, the Gators surpassed faltering North Carolina to days off before they travel to Athens, Ga., for their next match, a Southeastern Conference encounter with the University of Georgia April 5. On April 8, the Gators will meet the University of Alabama here in another SEC match. .l f Golfers closing Cape CoraIgap occupy the tourney's runner-up with a 593 tally. slot. UF posted a second day "We had a good day," total of 571, 11 strokes behind explained coach Buster Bishop. Houston at 560. "It just wasn't good enough. We FSU pulled into the third lost six more strokes to place berth with a 589 and the Houston." Tar Heels dropped to fourth North fired a two-under-par 70 the first day of the ~ -tournament to add to his second day take of 68 to capture the individual leadership with a i, six-under-par 138 total. "I'm very proud of today's play," said Bishop. "We're just going to have to play great golf the next two rounds to pull it out. But we're going to do it!" North was followed by sophomore Gary Koch who shot even par the second day and three-under in first round-action for a 141 score. Team captain Mike Killian added a 72 for par in the second I round and a 76 the first day. Buddy Miles while Steve Morgan registered a I .makes comeback 71 and 73 for a 144 tally. I Zbi#n*er at err s Choice of One tangy cole slaw creamy cottage cheese chilled fruit juice tossed green salad red ripe tomato slices Entree CHAR-BROILED CHOPPED SIRLOIN 1.95 freshly ground beef, broiled to perfectioi and covered within mushrooms gravy BREADED VEAL CUTLET 1.75 choice milk-fed veal served with old-fashioned cream gravy CRISPY FRIED CHICKEN 1.45 delicately seasoned and fried to a crivp and golden brown BEEF & MACARONI SUPREME 1.45 choice chopped beef with zesty seasonings and macaroni, topped with melted cheddar cheese and verved piping hot CHOICE T-BONE STEAK 2.55 properly aged and full of flavor. char-broiled as you like it BAKED SWISS STEAK 1.75 choice cuts of beef, oven-braised in a grav y wit' tomatoes and special seasonings TOP SIRLOIN STEAK 2.35 chor-broiled to your taste Choice. of Two french fried potatoes buttered whole kernel corn seasoned green beans baked potato creamy whipped potatoes breaded tomatoes buttered early june peas Jerry's South 2310 SW 13 St. Jerry's N-ortih (OPEN 24 HOURS) 1505 NW 13 St. Gary KocN .fires even par The University of Miami jumped into fifth place with a 594 and New Mexico State trailed three strokes back with a 597 for two rounds. Houston has won 16 consecutive tournaments this year and is bidding for their seventeenth while the Gators are credited with three victories: the state intercollegiate, FSU Invitational and the Miami Invitational. UF Tennis Team nets viCtory I mmmould L,- 

PAGE 21

Csicket Club (CWCC) in Nassau, Bahamas for the Oscar Phillips 'Friendship' Trophy. The trophy, competed for twice a year, was donated by an interested Nassau businessman. In this, the first trophy match Claude McGowan shows winning form ...player won best bowler trophy ~~0~ A ACID R0t at the Rathskeller BLUE POWER HOUSI FRIDAYS GUYS 754 GALS ORGORIWIIZ SATURDAY 254 FOR ALL -et's what's happening at RATHSKTELLER E 504 the the ~-oog~ By ARTHUR ANDERSON Ailgetor Correspondent During the sping break UF's International Cricket Team competed against the Commonwealth Wanderers of the year, Gator captain Airoy Chow (Trinidad) won the toss and sent the opposing side in to bat. The Wanderers started out strong, but lost their first wicket to Gator fast bowler M. Neufviile (Jamaica) after compiling only 32runs. This sparked the UF. team and by lunch time, the Wanderers had 98 runs for the loss of four wickets, two to skipper Chow and two to Neufville. T. Watkins, the danger man on the Wanderers' team gained an individual total of 52 runs before being caught by Waseen Brelvi (V. Captain -India) off the bowling of Gator left-arm spin blowler Claude MCGowan (Guayana). The next wicket to fall was that of Horace Kingston, captain of the Wanderers' cricket team for no runs (known as a "duck" to cricket enthusiasts). G. Brathwaite (CWCC) the next man to bat meant trouble for the Gators as he compiled an individual score of 73 and paced the Wanderers to a score of 148 for seven wickets and eventually 214 runs for nine when ti CWCC declared ther Inning closed. Closing is done by the captain of the batting -side when he believes the opposing team will not make as many runs before losing all 10 of their wickets., There are 11 man on a side, but one man remains "not out." The captain stands the risk of losing the game, (in the event the opposing side makes more runs), and drawing the game (in the event time runs out) before dismissing the opposing side. This was the situation the Gators were faced with -215 runs to be made in just over two hours. Batting confidently, openers John Savory (England) and J. James (Sdotland) had a partnership of SO runs before James was caught by the wicket keeper off the bowling of Fred Scott (CWCC). James, who made 31 runs, was later awarded the prize for the best batsnvn. After struggling to 85 runs for the loss of five more wickets (including that of Savory), McGowan and Anderson (Jamaica) took the score to 116 for seven when Anderson was caught off Scott's bowling. Club president Mike Roberts Sebastian's .'Shop Volkswti Repairs This Months speciall for VW Dr v s Tune Up test md***burAtOr, A* a*= pidp ri Sebastian's 535 SW 4th Ave. and take advantage of this special "A memorable, heart-warming 90 minutes. "Who would believe history could be so entertaining and enlightening?". "I hope you will replay your special so our parents might have the opportunity to see it." THE PEOPLE SAID IT ALL! When it ran before, a flood of letters and telegrams came pouring in almost the moment "Swing Out Sweet 'Land" was over. We've printed a few typical comments above, partly to remind you how special the show was, but mostly to make sure you're watching again when 11I I A IfilassaiP C lii' Thursday, w1i S &:3S1OJL EST NRC-TV oeckolocal t tm.nd s tion) ANHEUSER-BUSCH, INC. 9 ST. LOUIS phone 376-9381 (England), who shared -in a strong partnership with McGowan, took the score to 159 before being caught. Time ran out with the Gators at 162 for the loss of seven wickets. Scott (CWCC) got six Gator wickets for 60 runs. The match was therefore drawn as the Gators still had three wickets in hand. McGowan was top scorer with 39 runs not out, but was awarded the bowler's prize for bagging four wickets for 45 runs. The prize for best fielder went to Srirangam Sriram (India). A draw means that the UF Team shares the cup with the CWCC until May when they will again compete for the trophy on Alice Field. Although this Is the second year of'the meeting of these teams, it ite first year a trophy is beingosstested. J4 Cricket: UF club battles to a day-long draw Milo 5' C I f i. ,;, 

PAGE 22

Poep 22. TtWFI rkwi AIIs.WU Fridy, All2, 1971 UF coaches agree on shorter seasons Saturation point near for tv sports? Since the expansion in professional sports, fans have had trouble keeping up. It used to be that when the summer arrives, the sport was baseball, and in the fall, it was football every weekend. But since then, with the owner's desire to pick up even more money, league schedules have risen to where as many as four sports may be going on at once. Recently, Rep. Morris K. Wall, D-Ariz., introduced legislation to limit the time of year that a major sport may be televised. In that legislation, Udall said that -sports were in danger of overexposure on television. His Tommyn Barlet .season ,too long bill would limit baseball, football and basketball coverage to certain times of the year. "I don't think any sport is in danger of overexposure," head basketball coach Tommy Bartlett said Thursday. "My first thoughts were that yes, there should be limitations. "But, if you look, football has taken 15 years to get to the saturation point." Udailsaid-hat baseball should be limited on television between the second Monday in April to the second day in September. But Gator baseball coach Dave Fuller thinks that is too early as well. "I think that baseball shouldn't start until the first of June," Fuller said. "If they (the Major Leagues) want to play baseball in Minnesota and Canada, they have to wait until the weather changes to when they can play. "Teams should play on their spring training grounds until the weather is suitable for the teams to go back to their natural habitants (the city they reside in for half the season):" Fuller said. Bartlett also thought the seasons were a trifle long. '"You Intramural tryout scheduled Sunday think of baseball in the summer and that is when it should start, near the beginning of June. "'en football can start right after the WorM Series in September instead of having to overlap in that month (the World Series is usually the first two weeks of October). Basketball should start after football is over in December and go until March," Bartlett said. But such isinot the case as theNational and American Basketball Leagues' playoffs are just getting started, spring football is happening on college campuses around the country and Major League baseball teams begin their season in less than two weeks. Getting back to Udall's legislation,the representative says that football should be limited from Sept. 1 to the second day in January of the following year and that basketbaltshould begin on television Dec. 1 and go through the second Sunday in April. "With the way the seasous are GRADUATES AKE RESERVATIONS EARLY FORU-HAUL TRUCKS AND TRAILERS IRA'S GULF SERVICE 707 N.W. 13th St. 373-3541 set up now, it would be impossible to bring that legislation into effect," Bartlett "It would be ridiculous if you allow the fan to watch football every Sunday, but then not let him watch the Super Bowl. (If the televised sports ban went into effect, the Super Bowl would be played in th wrong seas and coud 't he broadcast). 'The same would be true In baseba and basketball, why let the fan follow a sport and not let them watch the Dave Fuller .cites weather factor MARTY PERLMUTTER .' executive sports editor All students interested in joining the Intramural All-Star Ono fr tb llt for ho t ll Hamp Johnson Harvey Smith Mark Scally Joe Still nag iooa team t a wi Al Simonson challenge the Gator Greats are John Kessler reminded that practice will be JonKese held at the Beta Field across Randy Hinson from the Beta Theta Pi Joe Anderson fraternity house Sunday at 4 John Fladd p.m. Alan Morell All fraternity men, dorm Rick Scarbarough students and independents are Gary Geiger invited to try out for the team. Dave Smith Here is a list of Intramural Larry Cohn Invitees: Corky Young Herb Appel Tony Dobies Steve Sykes Mike Reeder David Haines Dick Lazzara Brian Pappas Hank Rodique Ray Kearney Jim Wilkerson Dan Olmetti Lonnie Hays Mike Del Aqula Bob Woodel Donnie Lowry Jerry Stang Ira Pollack Paul Mittman Marty Cohen Don Perrin Hank Salzler Now-you can have a total knit shirt wardrobe -dress shirts as well as sport shirts are in favorite non-wrinkling, fresh, &"W rt a uI ulIre' FEATU'RIGBra* 13 W University FEATURING CHUCK WAGON STEAKS FROM 99c Gainesville Mail OPEN 1:00 AM to 9:00 PM -7 Days Weekly Gainesville, Florka Westgate Shopping Center PHONE 378-3320 3321 W. University Ave. -Gainestille. Florida World Series or the playoffs in that spout?" Bartlett said. "A sports fan can't become oversaturated," Bartlett said. "He is going to watch a sport that he Is interested in. "In my personal experience, I watched a sport where I know or am interested in someone in the contest, "ids as Phoenix in the NBA because of (Neal) Walk. "And If Fileda was playing on televise., I would watch it because I =dedly involved with them," Bartlett said. The basketball mentor also stated that he wouldn't necessarily watch a Seattle-Portland game, even if it was the only game on television at the time. "There must be some kind of local interest in a game for me to watch it," Bartlett continued. Saturation of televised sports may be nearing, but for Udall's legislation to pass the House, 'seasons in all three major sports would have to be shortened. And, in this day of tight money, Rep. Udall isn't going to find many professional franchise owners willing to comply. lUNG'S CURB COUPON 14M S.W. 1.0 SWWe ~i~~V1 Hamburger PlotterI ancd reg. Pepsi 85 $1.10 Voluo wcouon Check for King's Royal Treats Be savings everyday -Both locations -----------------1110001mm0----------I A 11 1 II 

PAGE 23

Friday' Alril.2 97t, The FloreuxdAtl eP 2M Long road ends for Sutton at UF By SIM SMITH Alligator Spor Writer John Sutton knows the game and many observers say he is the best first baseman the Gators have had in several years. The dark-haired six footer can hit, field, and come up with the big play consistently. Sutton is, quite simply, not an ordinary ballplayer. Neither is he an ordinary person., It wasn't an easy road fo r Sutton. Two weeks ago he was riding the bench, a third string shortstop. Even more ironic, a week from now he may no longer be the Gator's first sacker. Sutton played baseball forFt. Lauderdale's Plantation High School where he performed at five positions and led Broward County in hitting for four years. He was selected "Mr. Baseball" of South Florida, most valuable player in Broward County, and received countless other awards. Baseball and life in general was being pretty good to him then. Things changed. He had a multitude of offers but chose Memphis State forhis college. "I was born in Memphis and liked the idea of going back." He soon left the school and the town because of personal problems. Sutton as a quarterback, and, until a serious back injury sustained in practice, he looked like a replacement for All-American Bill Cappleman. Instead, he was on the road again, this time to Broward' Junior College. He went back to baseball. "Baseball is my first love. Its a very important part of my life," he stated frankly and without embarrassment. After a year at Broward J.C., where he hit .323, it was moving time again, to Florida. "I came here because I thought I could play and because it was less expensive," he said. He was always a third stringer or a fourth stringer and even played a game at third base and in left field. Generally, he was just a first string bench jockey. "Sure I thought about giving up but I felt that I could do the job if I got the chance," Sutton said. The chance came when first baseman Larry Kieszek broke his collar bone in Miami. Coach Dave Fuller needed a right hander to share first base duties with southpaw Steve Lewis. He called on Sutton. three of the team's triples, and a game winning home run. He seems to come up with at least a couple of big plays a game around the bag. Lewis, however, is no slouch at first base as he leads the team in hitting, over .450, and is just too good to warm the bench. John Sutton ..not ordinary GUNS-GUNS-GUNS I Inventory over 450. Buy Sell -Trade -Repar. Reloading supplies. Custom reloading. Harry Beckwith 4gun dealer, Micanopy.* *466-3340. When the Gators meet Auburn today at 3 p.m. on Perry Field, Sutton will be there somewhere. His only wish is that nobody tries to change him into some body other than himself. Flower Arranging Thursday, from April 8 to May 27 7:00 to 9:00 pm room 118, Union Instructor: Joel B136hanan $7.50 Register at the first class sponsored by the J. Wayne Reitz union AUTO REPAIRS AND SALES 10 % Dis count 1. To Students All Makes And Models -Corvair Specialist Get a Fair Shake .See ELROD Free Estimates and Guaranteed Work 1031 SO. MAIN PHONE: 378.8532 Florida State was his next Since that day, Sutton has hit stop. The Seminoles wanted .293, clouted four doubles, all the time has come, r0 a A iIgator i -w I sio i'm. i mama a es. am = .s m s 4' Tercs no reason to hunt the treasure me -lads. It lies at Long Joh? Silver's > FISH & CHIPS Depfre o a gldnturn and nestledin a bed ofcrisp fries.And, surrounded by Golden Nuggets. PEG-LEGS Miniature drumsticks dipped in our cakeke batter and served with chips and Silver's Slaw. ER MAJESTY'S BREW 4 Hot or cold .uniquely ours. PIECES OF EIGHT Eight pieces of our fsh .enough forthe crew at home. Long John Silver 4.1;.11'L2 FISH'n CHIPS 1235 NW 16th Ave. Next to Jerry's North 

PAGE 24

Pap-24, Th6 Florida Alligate, Fiij pr 2, 1971 IDONANZA ZRLOZN PT! 'THERE IS ONLY ONE' 2445 S.W. 13 ST. Take Out 378-0946 BONANZA "Congratulates the Player of the Week COMPLETE TAKE-OUT MENU OPEN DAILY-FROM 11-9 PM It imitates Nature in actuality. Provides direct support to Body and Back. Live and-Love on Liquid Luxury, an Experience you will never forget. WATER BEDS UNIL LIMITED W. Univ. Ave. 372-7591 rida Theatre Of The Week HERE'S GOT/ Your choice of juicy, tender Bonanza steaks, chicken, fish, and our famous 1/4lb. Bonanzaburger -100% beef, French Fries, salad, pickle and chicklets Our steaks are served with a steaming-hot, butte-y baked potato, Texas toast, and a cool, crisp, green salad. Steak Sandwich -1.19 Bunkhouse Special -lb. 100% chopped beef Hamburger Rib Eye -6 oz., tender cut steak Steak Sandwich -1.39 -.59 -1.69 -1.19 Sirloin Strip -11 oz., savory, hearty meat, a big seller -209 Top Hand -a 15 oz. T-bone for a huge, rugged appetite, PLUS OTHERS -299 WE B(iE EYERY BOOK IMAGINABLE. THE STORE FOR STUDENTS You wouor IMlAK Player Andy North This week's player of the week award goes to sophomore golfer Andy North. North fired a sizzling four-round total of 281 in last week's University of Miami Invitational to key the Gator victory. He led. with a first day score of 70, two-under-par for Miami's Biltmore course. North's final tally was five-under-par and eight strokes better than last year's winning total. His score bolstered the record shattering final team total, snapping the old Gator mark set in 1966 by 13 strokes. U MON.-FRI. 8 a.m.7:30 p.m. SAT. 9-12 CAMPUS SHOP & BOOKSTORE located in the Hub 
