
PAGE 1

Eaton to run tor SG president By DEBBIE ERICKSON Alligator Staff Writer AnnounclnR his candidacy Monday for student body president, imn Eaton. 4AS. said. "student government leaders mugt speak out and demand the interest ol students' not take aback seat to those of the administration. faculty and floard of Reiients. The role of SG "is to be the students' advocate and to keep the student body inlormcel about iSsues t hat direc( Iy jitedt henthe Action party tindidate said. EATON'S RUNNING mate. Dan Lobeck. I LW is currently UP Secretary of Consumer Atlairs. Lobeck 'aid, a student consumer attorney, abolition of the Sunday alcohol ban and var-ious dormitory reforms are three of the goals ot the Action party. He said the party "top priority" is the extension of dormitory visiting hOurs. I obec k saidi SG shti d .ke cn dci ne role mn curiculumn rctorm "WE CAN SAVE the InLVerII! money through the aholotion ot mandatory Physical Education and the Arts and Sciences lazwuawc rcqtirenmezth said. Eaton said. "SG should close ranks &ith the student leaders at other stale universities /Sec 'Candidates. page sev'en) The Independent Florida Allgator ii ubhd b lpu ,mug~ int GCon., Fndo Not otffcic y one oited w*t 'Ihe Umv*rsty otFlorida 1 VOL .67 NO. 103 Cam us hot in drug arrest By TERRI WOOD and ERIC ESTRIN AMIIatr StaN Writers Scott Camil,. a leading defendant in the "Gainesville Eight" federal conspiracy trial, was shot Monday afternoon as he fought with an officer following his arrest on drug charges, according to a federal Drug Enforcemient Administration IDEA) official. Camil, who was listed in fair condition at Alachua General Hospital, was shot during a struggle to disarm a federal undercover agent. according to Tom, Swift. public information officer for the DEA. SWIll SAWD the agent told Cantil he was under arrest for delivery of approximately two and one-half ounces of suspected cocaine. The shooting occurred at approximately 4:30 p.m. in a car with two Drug Enforcement Administration undercover agents i the 1000 block ot Northwest Second Street. Swift said Police were stil searching as of 9 p.m. Monday night tbr an associate of the 28-yearold Camil who allegedly delivered the suspected cocaine to Camil while he was in the company of the undercover agents. The two undercover agents involved in Camil's arrest were identified as Eugene Fitzgerald and Ray Porter. CAMaL WAS TAKEN to the emergency room of Alachus General Hospital about 5 pm. with the bulde lodged in his left shoulder blade, according to Mildred Roper, supervisor of nursing Roper said Camil was later taken to the surgery Intensive care ward for observation overnight and possibly longer. The bullet was removed in the emergency room, she said. ACCORDING TO SWIFT, an associate of Camil's delivered approximately two and one(See 'Cam it' pane six) Law vs. accreditation WOUNOW SCOTT CAMII. ..wh.hd nhoemosftersrgaV By DEBBIE IBERT Allgaber Staff Writer Unless accreditation agenciesopen all their records to Florida citizens, Florida's state schools may lose their agency memiberships and accredi tation. Accreditation agencies--notably the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS)--accredits schools by allowing them to become members. Every five to ten years,. member institutions are evaluated according to standards set by the agency. DR. LEE HENDERSON. director of the division of Community Colleges, warned that the loss of accreditation for Florida's universities and community colleges could result in a loss of federal funds. "The federal government uses the Southern Association evaluations as a basis for eligibility for receiving federal funds, like financial aid grants." Hendernon said. Graduating from a non-accredited college could cost students the right of taking some licensing exams, and might interfere with the transfer of credit between universities, he added. A PUDIC RECORDS LAW passed by the state legislature requires any organluton 'which receives state funds to open its records to the blc, Where accreditation agencies are cocersed. Attorney General Robsr Sheia has said accreditatlon agendae are covered by the public records law where state agencies are members. As members of various atcreditatlos am.,cIes, state schools may not use state funds to pay dues unless the agency agrees to ee all records to Filrds cimes, Shevin ruled. The public records vs. accreditation dilemma 'puts the school hoards in a box' Ernie Litz, legislative assistant to Sen. Robert Graham. said. "If the boards decide to pay their dues, they can be accused of wrongfully spending state funds. If they don't pay they lose their membership and accreditation," he said, THE SACS, which accredits public and private schools in the southeast region, collects tax-financed fees from its members. State universities also receive accreditation hrnm various professional agencies such as the American Medical Association and the American Bar Association. According to Litz. before.a school sends in its yearly dues to an accreditation agencythe agency must finst sign a statement that all its records are open. If the agency refiines, the school may not use state funds to pay its dues. The SACS has agreed to open some, not all. of its records. Felix Robb. SACS director, said all records concerning florida's public schools and the association's busines, records 'ill be ope. to Florida citizens. "WE FEEL WE ARE IN compliance with the spirit of the (public record) law," Robb Caid. The SACS will not sign the affidavit sent by Florida's schools because "It Is too all ndlusive-we're not willing to open records of institutions which aft not governed by the state of Florida." State schools have culil December of next year to pay thei dues, Robb ainued. Nonpayment of the fees. wih ame bhed on the instItutIon's envdlpaet. would be "iustlficatlon for dnopphng the schools membership" and the auntic lea, of accrqdltatioa. tSee 'Accreditation,' pat Iburj onnounce candidacy men.m== mii 

PAGE 2

N.s 2,. .Indep.deit Scsi. MU5.,.,r, yun.y. he.4I I, ISIS South Viet marines kill refugees SA IGON (UPI) -Mutinous South Vietnamese marines seized control of two ships bringing refugees out of D. Nang and raped, robbed, best and murdered refugees aboard the American ship Pioneer Contender Monday. Terrified passengers who finally landed at the former American sir base of Cam Ranh Bay on the coast ISO0 miles northeast of Saigon said the marines and some rebellious army troops forced the crew of the Pioneer Contender to barricade themselves in a cabin. When they arrived in Cam Ran),, military police sealed off the post and tried to quell the marines. The rebellious troops broke out of the cordon and began commandeering vehicles to Nha Trang, about 20 miles to the north. mnd itself a scene of pinkc. If a car refused to halt, the marines shot its tires off. a.fct.idig ou fr Prsdent ForH si h:.:: an h Trang's U.S. consul general. Moncrieff I. Spear, were fired on by other mutinous South Veitnamese troops a they flew over the Pioneer Contender and a South Vietnamese ship also seized by mutineer. They were not hit-. The military situation in South Vietnam worsened steadily. and the U.S. embassy began evacuating a few embassy families from Saigon while insisting there had bees, no formal evacuation order. There were new calls for the resignation of President Nguyen Van mien. An international flotilla of more than 20 ships stood by off Ds Nang with orders to evacuate 1.5 millIon desperate refugees but they were unable to help panic-stricken crowds because of enemy fire from shore. The three U.S. charter vessels in the fleet were forced to suspend operations at midnight Sunday. The ships, the Pioneer Contender. Pioneer Commander and Trans Colorado, sailed southward toward Cam Ranh Ray with more than 20.1X) refugees aboard. h Four U.S. Navy transports due in the areas Monday night from the Philippines were under strict orders to withdraw and avoid combat with North Vietnamese forces if fred upon. Loss of Di Nan2 with vast stores of American equipment,. 'as perhaps the South Vietnam government's blugest single loss of the war and the Communist forces turned heavy pressure Monday on the big coastal city of Qui Nonh. midway between Da Nang and Cam Ranh Bay. Hanoi radio broad casis said no force could turn the tide of Communist ViCttiry Phu Cat. 260 miles northeast of Saigon and 20 miles nordh of the Oul Nhon airbase and district town, Was Attacked by Communist forces, and military sources said heavy IightinR SASS underway. Viet Cong radio broadcasts said Phu, Cat had From cQpui Nhon. the Binh Dinh province chief issued an rdrfor sodis and civil grants to return to their posts became a virtual ghost town over the weekend *s its inhabitants fled south. ACLU labels am nesty 'a lure WASHINGTON (UiPi) -A spokesman for the American Civil Liberties Union said today President Ford's conditional clemency program was 'a depressing failure" and the ACLU might file suit against the government over two provisions of the program. Applications to the program expired at midnight last night. Under the plan persons in legal jeopardy because of Vietnam-era related draft resistance or desertion art gven clemency following alternate service work. "This cletnency is so punitive and intentionally demeaning," said Henry Schwarzschild. director of the ACLU'S project on amnesty, "that well over 80 per cent of those eligible have not applied." Schwarzschild said the ACLU Is considering court action against the selective service system because it had "secretly promulgated" a rule which would not count an applicant's tune while waiting for a federally approved job as pant of his alt-nte service tme Originally. selective service regulations gave returnees "good time" credit against the alternate service requirement ifneither they nor draf-offcials could fnd ajob. "Ths make war writers psy dealy for the failure of state selective service direction to do their legal duty of Anding lohs for the clemency returnees." Schwaruchlld said. In addition. Schwarnsdtild said If the ACLU doesn't receive satisfaction from Ally.Get. Edward Levi over immigration and naturalization service (INS) polices forbidding young men with Canadian citizenship into the country, it would consider taking the Justice Department to conat. 'The INS prevents people who have not been convicted or even charged with a draftviolatlwnfrrwn visiting their families in the United States by simply excluding them at the border, without any semblance of due prices.," he said. Immigration law allows the government to refuse entry to the U.S. to aliens who tied the country to avoid the draft. Schwarzschild said the ACLU would continue to advocate universal and unconditional smensty. WASHINGTON (UPI) -The Supreme Court today agreed to decide whether eteal narcotics agents unconstitutionally entice a suspect into committing a crime when they providehbin with heroin to sell illegally. The case, to be argues next tarn, could serve to flinther define when a defendant ii "entrapped" by police and therefore cannot be convicted. Namctics agents frequently supplysuspectawith drugs and arrest then when the drugs are sold. But federal and state courts have differed over whether this practice constitute. unconstItutIonal entrapment. Before starting a two-week inces, the waurt also: o COwaed the way for imposing coutaupt sentences against two Fresco (Calif.) Blee reporters and their managing editor 6or publishing sealed grand jury testimony. o Once again declined to issue -n order to halt Rieserve Mining Co. discharge of asbestos fibes Into the utr and water at Silver Bay, Min,. o Agreed to rule next term on whether a federal judge exceeded his power. by ordering special procedures for dealing with citimen complaints in the Philadelphia Police Depnrtmatt. oAgreed to decide whether a parole officer must give an accused wanings before testifying about incriminating conversations at trial,. o Suspended former attorney general John Mitchell and his former assitant. Reobut Mardia. from practice before the Suprune Coart for 40 daws because of their Watergate coverup convIctIons, they will be disbarred unless they can present argsamants against the idiotThe drug case Is -n appeal by Charles Hampton. who was convicted by a federal court In St. Louis on two coats of distributing herein and given a Aive-year siaspesded sentence and five years' probation,. PUNOM PENN (UPI) Cambodian Preuit Isn Not said farewell to his cabinst and ce assodiatas Monday. Government sources said he expected to leave Tuesday for a self-exile which the government hoped would lead to peace talk, with the Communist insurgents. Insurgent forces battered away at the tenuous defense perimeter of the capital. A barrage of about 50 rockets fell on Podhentong Airpod., where the American panas continued to ferry in food,. fuel and amnwnitlou. One was damaged by shraped, but was ale to fly cut to 'Thailand. A recket landed on a fuil truck, but casualties and damages were not known. Gbovrnmeut sources said [cvi Ndi would leave Tuesday for Thailand, Indonesia arid the United States with an entourage of 26, including his family and Prime Minister Long Beret. BOcet was expected to return in about 10 day., but not Lou Nol. The trip will include Hawaii. where Ion Nol, who is partially paralyzed from a stroke, will get a medical checkup, the sources said. They said the 62.year-old president, who has led Cambodia through its fiveyear war, made the decision to leave alter IncreasIng pressure flom younger manbers of his gov'wnment and the U.S. embass. -a0s Sunsa gUgS,~ Hut. IOAMi4-6M1 ExAM~AR Yh. Path of Yotfl Aannrn. Introductory 1.1k U.ofF. a.u, v.1 of an. after d.ath for' it *lves *vi4.nc. ioani aw, Includfng ib e a...,. S.,.e.ep n ., e'. .S fi 0n~plie AMM pra a~-sl A.s .ig V. p 4* dah .w k 0'd sinq -NW.,G. .d, *i. wm Sid ed W W* S .ynd. 0nu Th indpa Awa Mis. A Ia p.*4,as,.,s. : '= Ns 'in"q.nd. PsnaMwa .46 -*meSWee e*d. capsule j Court to rule on na rc lures m=a? mm SAT AWUE g unc rUS g.e e 'a fra A~ m* ~M *umm 

PAGE 3

I S.e hed.4.c$t Snfd. M~ig. Ts.dey, 4411. 17 P m. S Regents study summer attendance By BRIAN JONES Altmn Staff Waner In response to pressure from the Florida Legislature, the Board of Regents will consider next week at least three proposals to require student attendance at universities during Summer quarters. Thelorida Senate. led by Senate Education Committee SEN. ROBERT GRAIAM .education chairman Chairman Robert Graham, D-Miamni Lakes. is trying to end "inefficient under-utilization of facilities' at universities during summer quartets. GRAHAM TOLD the Council of University Presidents last week that the legislature might enact a new type of funding this year that would reduce funds for univernities with low summer enrollments. Graham's plat "would result ins funding loss of about 25 per cent across the board to universities. regents' Corporate Secretary Hendrix Chandler said Sunday. The three proposals drawn up by the regents staff which will be considered next Monday include o Prohibitirsg students from enrolling for two consecu t iVe till quarters unless they have attended at least one of the summer quarters during a two-year period; o Requiring two-year students to attend at least one summer quarter, and four-year students at least two summer quarters, in order to get a bachelor's degree; o Linitiag fall quarter enrollments to the fall 1974 level until enrollments in all other quarters. including summer. have reached 90 per cent of fall quarter enrollment. State University System Chancellor Robert Mautz recommended that the regents vote to delay action on the summer proposals next week, Chandler said. Even if the regents adopt a summer enrollment policy next week, it would not take effect for the upcoming summer quartet. CHANDLER SAID the regents may wait until their staff can draw up "more palatable" summer enrollment policies before acting. Graham said the legislature and regents agreed in 19 that the universities would move into full four-quarter enrollment equality within ten years. hut "we're not any closer to full summer utInation than we were in 1%69. "2 don't think the university system has made a voluntary effort,' Graham said. GRAHAM TOLD university presidents that he was considering a plan to require the sanme teacher-student ratios all year that exist during the fall quarter, when inst students traditionally have been in attendance. Under such a plan, when enrollments dropped in the three other quarters -especially summer -the state would only fund the number of teachers justified by the student-teacher ratio set the previous fall quarter. "That would give us about l00 less faculty members system-wide." Chandler said. THE LEGISLATURE already adorned a funding "manyear" plan last year which was designed to encourage the unmversities to increase summer enrollments, but Graham said "the universities are dragging their feet" and more pressure may be needed. UF Presient Robert 0. Marston, who didn't attend the presidents' meeting last week, said he is in favor of increasing summer enrollment but did not want to be "coerced" into it. "I', also concerned that forcing students into summer enrollment might be bad for their educational needs." Marston said. Graham said "if a Martian spaceship dropped into the Plaza of the Americas in the middle of the summer, they'd certainly wonder what all those expensive buildings are doing sitting empty." Last summer quarter. UF enrolled slightly over I,0 students, or about 39 per cent of the following fall quarter's enrollment. Revenue bill would aid troubled UF libra ries By BRIAN JONES Alligator Staff Wtr State Rep. Sidney Martin. D-Hawthorne,. announced Monday he will int roducea bill this session to provide the State University System with $11 million in additional revenue next year. Martin said his bill would also provide an emergency "one shot" 32 million appropriation to state universities' libraries. with S80.,O0 going to the UP libraries. MARTIN SAID the state can raise a total of $24 million without raising state sales taxes by reducing the amount of money the state refunds to businessmen who collectsules taxes on their merchandise and services. The -unaversitles' share of the totai savings-MIl million-would be "a big drop in the bucket" to restore recession damaged university budgets," he said. UP President Robedt 0. Marston called Martin's idea "great" and said an extra 511 million "if it all went to the universities would be a great help." UP DIRECTOR OF LBRABIES G.A. Harme said, "Any money would be a preat beip" next year. but that more than a special appropriation for one year is necessary to check the "decline" of UF's book collectIon. Martin proposes to raise additional state revenue by reducing the state sales tax rebate businessmen get from three per cent to one per cent. "Front my personal experiences as a businessman, and after talking to knowledgeable people iin state government. I feel that the I per cent figure is much closer to the actual cost of collecting the sales tax." BUSINESSMEN get the rebates frot, the state to compensate them for the costs of keeping track of the sales taxes they collet and sending them to the state. In addition to funds for universities and university libraries, Martin's bill would provide 55 million to slate mental retardation facilities like Gainesville's Sunland Training Center, $3.5 million to kindergarten through 12th grade programs. $1.5 million to colinunity colleges and SI million to agriculture and UF's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences. If the legislature fails to enact Martin's proposal, he said he would favor enrollment limits 0n state universities so "those who are admitted at Joist have a chance to obtain something of value." ATA NOON press confeee.,Martin also said five grams of a substance resembling marijuana that he and other state legislators received In the mall have prompted hlan to RE. SIDNEY MARTIN .bill would qive UF libraries $800.000 "re-examine' florida's marl juana laws. The Florida Organization for the Reform of Marilns Laws mailed the five-pram bags of tea and birdseed to slate legislators to demonstrate how much mariuana it would take to send a person to jail for five years. Under Florida Law, possession of five gramu or less could subject a person to a SI ,O0 flue and a year in jail, whIle possession of over five grams is a felony carrying p nby ve cdin penalties of up to five years in jil and a 5.WO0 fine. Martin said the substance he received "**oked like it. smelled like It, and was so much like it I thought I'd throw it out before I Hot caught with It." Answering reporters' question, Martin said a tuition hike may become law this year, althonlh "I'd lik, to think it's not going to happen." Budget recommendations face senate scrutiny Byr LES.IEGOAY Am.ts SiC Wubhr Th. Student Senate will review budget recoumeudatlcns made by the Activity and Service Fee Advisory Commitlee (ASFAC) at the first spring quarter senate meeting trn Ight. ASFAC Is a seven member advisory committee which makes rmcommendatious to the Student Senate -n allocation of the acthIaiy and service fee money. ASFAC's final rmcommendaelona were mjde Sunday. lug COMnIUTTEE had 52.5 millIon to abllee fer the 1975-76 fiscal year. The committee Is holding 599,224 in a reserve lfrnd in case the Florida legislature orders merit salary rahses for state employee. The rest of the money was allocated to the J. Wayne R.Itz Union, the Athletic AssocIatIon. UP 'Coilege Councils, Student Health services and Student Government. The recomauasdatlons must be passed by the senate In final form afler two readings rn order to gain final apvronl. The zeewumendatlous rica then no to Student Dody Treajarer Greg Sherman,. Student Body PiesIdest Steve Merrday and UF President Robert 4). Mason for final approval AN ASFAC rncmmedatiou .f 87.1 for an oe-eampus day care center will also tune up for senate approval. The fund. would cover the costs of two adjoining buIldings, equipment and salaries for two fuji-time directors. The center, which is neared to Sccomnmodale low-incomne students, would be able to handle 60 chIldren between the ages of 3JandhSyeajs old. Only childre, who bed at least one ysrent enrolled as a fll-thug student would be ellglb4. for the day carn proprs. "rr's UP TO the sne te accept our recommendation -r to chana. it,' said ASFAC member Sue Clune. In other business, the SG Budget and Finance Committee till Muig up three special requests for review. According to Budget and Finance Chairman Nick Lang. $935 has been requested by SG Director of Women's Affairs Cindy Sbellesberwe for a WhIISI.-StOP Rape Program which would involve the asg of rape prevention whistles around cam pus. Shdleubergew has ala reqested 5725 for an IntnadoeaI Wowsn's Year Fiba Festival 'hich would make "A il's House," "Womeu lu tave~ad "Cries d Whlspers" availabl, to the students for a chazge. A special requs fhr 13W0 i planned fhr the printing of -n anthology .f poems, shodt stories, and sketchasbystudsnts,accerdlaato Lange. a 

PAGE 4

Pog.& T he inadwend.,.t Mordo AJIugstor. yveadey, April 1.1975 Three UF colleges face uncertain accreditation By LINDA WISNIEWSKI Alligator StaffWriter HIgh student-laculty ratios and inadequate space have miado uncertain the future accreditation of at least two UFP colleges and one program in the College of Arts and Sciences The schools affected by student-faculty ratio and space problems art the College of Education, the College of journalism, and the speech pathology and audiology program within the speech department at the College of Arts and Science. 'The College of Education is coming up for re-accreditation in 1977. If there is not a new education building by then, the college stands to lose its accreditation, according to associate educatic. dean Dr. Emmett Williams. ACCORDING TO WILLIAMS, when the National Council fir the Accreditation of Teacher Evaluatioc (NCATE) came in 1971.,"theteam found our physical facilities very deficit. "Our accreditation was extended only because we promised we wold make substantial improvements" to obtain more space, Williams sai. "We tst able to make that piwmise on the basks of the administration's statensest that a new education building was the No. I priority. Now we have left ourselves vulnerable and have put ourselves in the position of having our accreditation being take, atray" because new building has not been built. EMMETT WIUJAMS he said .left ourselves vuinerabl.' A NEW BUIWDING for the College of Education is U's "No. I priority" and is before the legislature right now. UJF President Robert 0. Marston said. The college is spread out over "at least eleven" buildings on campus, with over 21) per cent of its facijity in buildings other than Norman Hall, Williams said. two buildings the education college uses are "substandard." Willirnns said. "Buildings E and K art old and decrepit. According to the lire manshal. we're noq eveS allowed to have classes in building K because of the fire hazardsowe have offices for faculty thern instead." Williams said. IT WILL COST approximately 52.3 million to renovate the entire Nonnan Hall and "about" 56 million for an additional new building. Carlton Roberts. university ohvsieal planning consultant. said. "If's hard to say" if the College of Journalism s-ill be reaccredihed 'he, the accreditation committee visIts the college this fall, said John Paul Jones, dean of the College of Journalism. The American Council on Education fhr Journals, was "highly critical of our building" became it did ace provide enough space to serve its students. Jones said. APPROXIMATELY t.2ED students 'ene enrolled in the college in the fall of 1974 in appmoxluately 32,00 square feet of space. Kathryn Lewis. journalism staff assistant, said. Another problem the college faces is a high student-faculty ratio shich is "not going to help us get re-accredIted," Jones said. 'Wc're "orse oft no. than "e were thcn un I0 "( whe" the college w&as last accredited).'' he said there are currently 44 faculty nmcmbers, and a' of July there w .i be 41 member' because of the elimination of' three "line items,' or full-timec positions, in accordance with an order by the Board ol Rekents that all schools reduce line items. Lewis said. The maior concern of the college is its building, Jones said, because the accreditation committee 'told os lo do sometthimg about it or else." Thet ,ournalisni college is presently housed im the west side of the stadium PLANS ARE UNDER WAY for construction of a new journalism building which is "pretty high up on the list of (UF's) priorities. We've already received a SI million grant from the Gannett Foundation,' Jones said. The journalism school is supposedlo match the Gannett grant with S750,OOO ftc.m private sources. It has already raised 5540,0, Jones said. It will cost 18.4 million to build the journalism building. Thie figures is based on coostrucdion of the building scheduled to begin in 1977, Jones said. Marston has submitted a request for the entire 18.4 million fluids for the journalism building and "it will go before the legislature this year." Marston said. JONES SAID he has "really good hopes' that the journalism college will be re-accredited because the college is "a really good college, despite its deficits." Jones was uncertain whether the journalism college would he vt-accredited, however, adding, "i've been on Sccreditation committees before and I know how they work. There's no way you can predict if a college will be reaccredited." The speech pathology and audiology prograni within the 'The team found our physical facilities very deficient.' William s speech department at the College of Arts and Sciences could be given si, accreditation warning, according to acting chairman Dr. Edward H4utchinson-. "I wouldn't be surprised if we're given a warning." Hutchinson said, because of the program's high studeint-facultv ratio-. WHEN A PROGRAM is given a Warning, accreditation can be taken away if problems are not corrected in "at least one and possibly two years,' Hutchinson said. The American Board of Examiners in Speech Pathology and Audiology is scheduled to visit the speech department ""nal month, he said. "They recommend approximately a 20-a student-faculty ratio, and our present ratio is 50 or 60 to I, Hutchinson said. 'The committee won't be too pleased. Th high student-facult ratio is a resut of a 'dramaic program, which provides the 'only such accredited training program in speech pathology and audiology in Florid, he said. TUE ENROLLMENT of the .pcech proven, has increased 310 per cent over the last Iwo Yeats, from 20) to 30) undergraduates and from 40 to lOG graduates. Hutchinson said. "Because of budget limitations we cannot add enough faculty members to provide the student faculty ratio recommended by the accreditation committee," he said. Two other colleges at UP have weaknesses they must deal 'ith to satisfy accreditation-committees. although their deans are certain they will be re-accredited. "I don't believe our accreditation is in serious danger" Dr. Robert Lanaillotti, dean of the College of Business Ad. mnnstratton. smid. "WE WILL HAVE no difficulty in retaining Our accreditation, although there are two weaknesses in the cg that the AACSB (American Association of Collegiate Scoos of Business) mentioned in their 1970 rennr that hae not e been corrected."anzillotti said. nte The ino waknesses mentioned are inadequate physca facilities and a high student-faculty ratio in accnin classes, he said. cut 'Thene is inadequate space (in the college) in tes oth type and amount of rmoms available to students an faculty' Lanjillotfi said. Bryan Hall is supposed to be remodeled to CCCOnlfm~ at students and faculty from the business administration college but the plan '.as pushedd back" on the list of priorities, make way for a building for the College of Agricuitue e JOHN PAUl. 40E4 TRlE PLAN TO HEMODEL Bryan Hall is now "han21,2 '.re," Lanzillotti said, although, he laid the delay in rcuiodeling has not put flue college's accreditation m sein danger." "The administration has snide cowumitments (to remade Bryan Hall), and when the accreditation committee sees that there arn commitments, then I frel they will extend our accreditatlon." Lanzillotti maid. According to James Zowarka. space analyst for the tiP department of physical plannwg, the plans to build Bryani Hall are "long range." "These are lust plans -to my knowledge no funds have been set aside to renovate Bryan Hanl," Zowark. said. THE TOTAL COST to renovate Bryan Hall is "about $1.2 or I 3 million." Zowarka said. According to Dr. Mordon Smuti, associate dean of the College of Engineering, the college will be re-accredited when it is visited by the Enmiseer's Council for Professional Development in 2977. although "we're concerned aboot the effect of another year or two of fhndrng at the present level." "If funding continues at this level the college won't be able to provide appropriate library facilities and an adequate student-faculty ratio,"Snmutz said. In order to retain its accreditation. "it niny be necessary to eliminate certain programs (within the College of Engineering)" Smutz said. THE COLLEGE is "studying the question right now' to 'ee what programs, if any, will be eliminated. Smnutz said. He added it may take until June of this wear before a decison is reached. The decision to eliminate certain programs does not mean there will be a cutback in student enrollment. Smiut7 said "It means we're looking at various programs to see if they can be taught more efficiently. We're looking into having 0ne department teach a course rather than several departments teaching similar courses." he said. The School of Forest Resources and Conservation is one UF school that is not fully accredited because of inadequate space, according to its director. "WE WERE PLACED under conditional re-accreditation in 1972 with the condition that the school obtain more Space" for students and faculty, said Dr. John Gray, director of the School of Forest Resources and Conservation. Ground was broken last week for a new building to be, added to the forgery cool. It is projected to be completed by June O, 176, h sai NThe forestry school should receive full accreditation ifl l97~ when the Society of American Fottiters comes to visit the %hOOI.Gray sald, because the new building will be colplted Accreditation (fromi page one) UP Interim Vice Nurdidt for AeaGUIS Affairs Robled Bryan said UP has not pajd lt fcrdtadtn dues fOr this yetr because the association did not u1g the sttmn to opei. all their records, ThE SENATE EDUCAlION COMMITTEE killed a bul that ekenipled ardgaio qmecie frwj the public recrd law by failing to act on It at at a Mardh mneetitg. 140islat0(s questioned the teed for the SACS evaluations since a state accreditation agency annmaily looks -e grade kindergVrt" through 12 in Florida school,, said Tom Fuulong, staffanal# for the educator, committee. Sen. Kenneth MacKay (D-Tallahasaee), a member of the education comItu sikl "q beiv o (public record) policy is good and I'm not willing tO change it bccausC the Southern Association i. tOO rigid and autocratic to comnply" with the laws of florida. Te question is are we wi~ing to abridge the Sunsi"iS In-and my answer to that Is h no" Sm 

PAGE 5

A, '&1 lh. indep.dn* flod.a AMugs. Tneedoy, 4p4'. 1975. Pagr 5 Chairman denies grad assistants overworked By GARY BALANOFF Alligator StaffWrit.r. Teaching loads of graduate assistants do not exceed prescribed limits despite recent Graduate Student Union chiages according to Dr. E.E. Muschlitz. UP chemistry department chairma, Muschhitz. in a letter to Graduate Student Union President Sheri Dalton, said this quarter's teaching assignments for one-third time assistants average six hours of lab teaching and two hours of discussion periods for a total load of eight contact hours per week. I he Muschlitz letter came im response to Dalton's March 5 letter, which claimed that graduate assistants 'acre teaching 20 to 30 hours per week. "THlE DEPARTMENT of chemistry is aware that current teaching loads are heavier than they have sometimes been in the past,. and we would certainly itke to see them lightened," Muschlitz wrote. "However, the current loads are still within the guidelines of graduate school memorandum no. 9o." he added. The memorandum, dated July 12. 1974. from Dr. Harry Sisler, dean of the UF graduate school, gave time commitments and pay rates for all graduate assistants. One-third time assistants' duties must not exceed six classroom contact hours or nine laboratory contact hours, according to the memorandum. TOTAL HOURS of preparation for the average assistant must not exceed i3 and onethird hours per ,eek over the nine-month period of the appointment. One-third time appointees are the most common type in the chemistry department. Fo the nine-month period, one-third time assistants are paid between 12,900 and 3500. Dalton said the pay was usually closer to the lower figure than the higher. STU COHEN, Graduate Student Union vice president, said the Muschlitz letter was "not at all' acceptable. "We .ant them to reduce the loads for next quafler and he IMusohlitz) hasn't said anything about next quarter." he said. Dalton and Cohen plan to meet with Dr. Gerhard Schmid. UF associate professor of chemistry, to discuss nnxt quarter's graduate assistant teaching responsibilities. Schmid hSignis graduate assistant teaching hours. If the present situation continues assistants Q ill have to turn students away even if they need help with individual problems. Cohen said. T HE TE C 360S Special Factory-t uthorized Sale Limited Time Only pnhtlensts. TEAC leadership has led to the dynamic 3603 cassette deck. A cassette deck with such amazing speas you'll wonder how such a materpiece could have so reasonable apicaWEMS record and playback wow and flutter is a measurement of mechanical variations and subtle hnperdections In the tape drive elements-In both record and playback functions. TEAC achieved the goal of in.s than 0.07% wow and flutter WXM) by means of a t~rotlynwc~amte de"k d""i*' "-"That thing called "quality controL." Seems ie everyoneta. about it. But those words are just wods unless you're in a positon to otrol the quality of the various parts that go into your prdut Obvious!, the only way to do that is to make thou. parts yourueif. Thats why TEAC insists upon manufacturing its own heads and motors, and exeirising demanding control over thefr perfoction. An a result, TEAC tape decks are noted for their outstanding frequency reap cse and abl absence of tape hiss, wow and flute. Furthnumre, TEAC podaet have the lowst nues of repair and mat am hi the industry. All of wih givu. yo some Idea of why TEAC I. the leader i cat.a decks as well -s rMan-t-rL The beauty of it all. We don't have to rhaguodize over the fli-de'-n and etail of the 3608. You can see that for yournel. Point ii, TEAC has styled it to fit in and cbmpllment any other components you mrny have or buy. SPECIA L SA LE PRICE 1602 W. UNIVERSITY 377-HIFI 'HOME OF THE CONSUMER PROTECTION PLAN" I ~ 

PAGE 6

pr'e .11. lndepednt N.M. M11.etev, Tui.dcy. Apfl I, fIS Eyewitnesses relate aftermath of shooting By DAVID KLEIN Alligator Managing Edetnr 1wo person' in the veinity of Monday's 'hootmng ol Gamnesville activist Scott Camil said Cam il w as shot w.Ihk im t he front 'eat ot a whiue, late-model Chrysler. Bonmie bsti. o,.ncr ol a restaurant on NW $econd Street '.here the shooting occurred. said she called the police alter she "sa'. the gu'sdwhen he lell Iromi the car SHE SAID SHE heard one shot that "sounded like it w.as tired in a hollow. place, a light place." Lott w as not an cyeiwitness to the events IeadmnR up to the shooting. but said a custonmer at her restaurant told her there ,a' "a commotion" going on in a car parked up the street,. She said the customer suddenly yelled. "He 'hot him!" He shot him!" WHEN SHE LOOKED out her window .iter hearing the shot. she said she san a man lying on the street. The front door of the car 'Aas slightly open and the back door com* pletely open. she said. ontt said she cold the police on the phone, "I guess Its alright. they're police." because "the offcer there (at the scene) w as flashing his badge around. A red-haired man '.as in the front scat of t he car. she said, but she w.as not certain it otherr person had been in the back scat CAMII. WAS "LYING sid,4ays" on the street. and w.as conscious. according to [ott "He looked like he 'has in pain. His legs were 1erkmng," she said. Another vwitncss i.Io passed bs the scene immediately after the shooting said it appeared Co mil ,.as bleeding Iromi a spot under his left shoulder blade. THE WITNESS, WHO asked to remain anonymous. said that when he drove by. he sa'. a man talking on a microphone in the car while Camul lay im the gutter." Camul looked like a man who '.as suffering an appendicitis attack, his legs drawn up to his chest, the witness said. Camil was able to hold the oxygen mask to his face as they loaded him onto the ambulance, the witness said. BONNIE LOfl 'h b .Comil In pain, but conscious phalobyflf s ARRIE STONWD .federal drug agents' car parked oitade Comil's home. phiws by ant ein SCS4EATCAMICS HOME .P.M. Soodhby. owner of Ihe house, ads drug agent (who. fec. Is cavnted wItht ,mswyigr 1sn hweer 1MWl t salli hilm; emmtey Iwvs Turner (digh) aSia wo up (from paRe one? half ounces of suspected cocaine fiom a strent corner to Camil. who was in the car with the two undercover agents. Swift said he did not know the exact location ot the street corner but intr it was near the shooting. ~Camil told the agent who was driving the car to continue on, and the, he handed the cocaine to one of the agents-I think the one who was driving.~ Swift said. NEAR THE IOU0 BLOCK of Northwest Second Street. the fluent "produced his badge and Run and told Camil hewns under arrest." Swift said. 'At this point Camil told them he was getting out of here and he grabbed the agent's badge with one hand and gave him several karate chops on the neck and grabbed the agent s gun.' he said. As Camil strugled to disarm the agent. the 9rmm semi-automatic pistol fired accidentally, Swift said. "One round went off and it went into his left annpit." he said. VICTOR SIIARPE, the attendant from the Alachum Ambulance service who administered tint-aid to Camit at the scene, said Cmi ha received "effective first aid" before Sharp. said Cardi was conscious at the tone and talking, but he "wld not camant Camtils attorney. Larry Turner, said he could not comment on the eset to Alligancr receer, becas he had not seen his dliest as of 9 p~m Monday He was prevailed ftc. ententig by tno federal drug enfowcauent agents who sat Oi Camil's screened in fromt porch. Tfhe agents also denied the owner of the house. P.M. Bocejhby, sces' to the house. At one point. BOOthby and Turner asked to see the search War ranom the agents. But the two sat motIonless, facts covered with newspapers to shield them from -htgar. Turner then advised the agents they weic trespassing. LATER MONDAY night a third agefit arrived with the search warrant and began to search the house. The other two agents also entered the house, as did Turner and Boothby. As of 8:30 p.m. Monday the search was continuing. Dennis Ramiwas, a neighbor of Cai's, said he heard one agent say the 'OUch had tutrn'd UP noodling as of about S p.m. Canil was Southeast regional coordinator of the mowdefa Vitam Vdmeans AgaiiSt the War. He achieved aiond reont thai he and sewen cahbr anti-war Wci fitS "irt ars e anlagedly conspiflW (0 disrupt the 1972 Rmpbuican Nationli Conenike -Miami ndic. Tua 54).CAIEj "Gainesville EIht' ten aquluse of ua chrges July 31. j13. snce the,. thne oupokal Cam'1 hes leCtured on ens camnpass and hit S CUrrOIty warthug eg a book about is ePdluies wit the Gailliua Eight. Heaqnofl culldof hanswmet b 

PAGE 7

r-------M iOLD-TIME AT~,~~~-~~I 25$ (tub fee, only the best Ruhefiord' uarani The Most for Your ME mnA Diamnd Se Us Befor Yg $350.00 Fine quality 38-point diamond-ens ring, beautifully set inca six prong w Tiffony mounting ond lovingly nest luxury of a Rutherford's box. Y4 carat $175.UU 1% carat $259 REGIMTEREI)JEU EL.E Amern MersAGs % "Your Professional Jewel Over Half a Century' ewI IN NE SAI 376-441 LEWIS 20W UnIverJ~y A. 372-4106 -a pagement hite gold led in the .00 con ciety er Mor "V Th -'In---nd'-e'"ed. -J"g--'eTu.--'-, ---1 97,Pu. Youmaynot ven be azy Just very busy. Who has time for a solution to wet contacts, another for soaking. still another to clean them and maybe one for cushioning? It gets pretty complicated to say nothing of the exoense. Now ther.'s TotaW The all-inone contact lens solution that does it ali.Totar wets, boaktclemns sod cushions your contact. And you only hav, to use a single solution Try Total9 See how much more comfortable your contact lenses can be. And cleaner. And a lot emler to urn.---There are two tood ay the 2by Ie god asto buyz A Candidates (Irons PUgE one) and tihiht or student titerest. "We must Ro te the legislature and demand that our elected representatives take a stand on the tuition hike rather than allowing them to skint the issue once agam."he said. "I 'sill go personally to Tallahassee and lobby for UP students. I also plan to set up a student lobby grouP to is rk with the council of student lobbyists already established.' he said. EATON SAID HE plans to hold public hearings to "make sure students understand issues and to let them express their views." There is : o a need to revive public opinion poiis. Eaton said. Lobeckc said the career opportunities of the student body need to be expanded. "AMONG OUR proposals are cooperation 'sith the University Alumni Association to locate and till positions throughout the state Gallery drops day UFE budget cutbacks have forced the University Gallery to close on Sundays. effective immediately. Joseph ]. Sabatella, interim Dean of the College of Architecture and Fine Arts, said that the directors of the gallery had not yet decided how long the new policy would be in effect. The gallery's weekday hours will continue to be from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday. andthe 4o.s.zoa, 20o. has a free, mirrored lens storage case. and the new economy 4 02. size save, you 25%. Totar Is available at the campus bookstore or your local drugstore. And we're so sure you'l like Totap that we'll gin you your second bottle free. Just send a TotaP boxtop with your name, address and college name to: TotaL. Allergen Pharmaceutical 2525 Dupont Drive Irvine, California 02684 (Lmit one per person Offer expireu July 31,.1075.) S Availabl, at shop & store Mid beyond ,sithI qualified H orida graduates." he said. Faton said he has "mixed leelmngs about the open of Honor COUrt cheatmng hearings. "Accused students not guilty could be hurt. I know. of things that happened heree the wrong students nere accused." he said. Eaton has served as Student Senate president. Chairman of the Senate Academic Affairs Committee and as a member of the Activity and Services Fee Advisory Council. R E ADE R'S R EDR ESS Due to a typographical error In a story Monday concerning funding recoinimendations by the Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee. The Alligator incorrectly repotted s333.s97 would be held back from the J. Wayne Reiti Union ant placed n -esrve fund. The actual figure recommended to be ,.ithheld fromt the Union is S33.59, The Alligator regrets the error. Intferviews set Interviews for the Senate Elections Commission will be held on Tuesday, April I at 5-30 p.m. in roan I IS in the J. Wayne Reitz Union. Ken Ofgana. chairman of the Senate InIornmation and Investigation Commnnttee said, "The commission sets the ground rules for elections." Tsiermakes comissilemsse easier. 

PAGE 8

.C,1.lo.M.fl. 1-q,.t.d.y. -s1,Il EDITORSIAlE Full pardon When John Barry surrendered to U.S. attorneys last August it was one of the most widely reported media events of the summer. Barry, a 22-year old San Francisco resident gave himself up because he had failed to register for the draft during the American military involvement in Vietnam. He became the first draft evader to take advantage of President Ford's new amnesty program. Less widely reported however was Barny's subsequent departure for Canada after he had weighed the full implications of the clemency requirements and found them unacceptable. At midnight Monday, the conditional clemency program for Vietnam wartime deserters and draft evaders, expired, signaling the death of an experiment that had clearly gone wrong. The evidence of failure is plain. Of the estimated 117.000 deserters and draft resistors who were eligible for the procram, less than 23,000 eventually took advantage of it's terms. And the majority of those who did, according to the Clemency Board the Department of Defense. were men who at any rate could not be labeled "war resisters." They were mostly poorly educated, poorly counseled, men who had run albul of government and military red tape and had left for personal reasons. Thus for the most part the program has simply failed to reach those who objecte4l strongly to a war they considered immoral and illegal, anid for good reason. One of the flrs( things a deserter was required to do upon accepting the amnesty was to sign a loyalty oath that essentially forced him to acknowledge that his moral convictions were wrong. In addition draft resisters were regired to sign an oath giving up their consitutional rights of due process, protection against double jeopardy, the right to establish a legal defense, the right to a speedy trial and the protection of the statute of limitations throughout the entire process. The proptani also excluded those Americans who had become citizens of another country. At the height of the war, in 1972-73, 3,000 men became Canadian citizens, 82 per cent more than in the previous year. Yet these men are excluded from even visiting relatives in the U.S. There were other weaknesses in the plan, like haphazard and conflicting rules governing the alternate work program. One recently returned draft evader quickly went back to Canada after he learned that his two wears of "meaningful work" consisted of working in a college kitchen., But overriding all this is the one fact that thousands of draft evaders and deserters have steadfastly refused to accept the forgiveness because they believe there is simply nothing to ow vethat the program is dead, there are several proposals in Congress to cope with the problem ranging from complete unconditional amnesty to a more liberalized earned re-entry program. We prefer the former, but ivj fear a prolonged Congressional battle over the issue may do more harm than aced. Clearly the best solution would be for President Ford to go the full measure and offer once and for all a complete unconditional amnesty. .Eventually the domestic scars that resulted from this country's hrivolvement in a long, dirt, war will heal. We see this as an excellent chance for Ford to begin that healing process. Grad e lunkies at F The other day I was talking to my Martian friend. Cosine. and tried to explai what student 11f6 was like at the University of Florida. I told him all about fraternities, pasties. football games, picking girls up on the Plaza and other activities which the student body tends to enjoy. And then I told him about the virgorous academic life: all-night studying, lengthy papers, suammatIons. grades, den's lists, etc. Cosmo was veqy perceptive and he understood almost everything. "BUT TELL ME," Casino isked in bewildenment, "what are these g-g-grades you speak of? Why would a humanoid be motivated to labor for three months and only be rewarded with a letter of the alphabet?" "But you den't understand. Casmno,' I countered, "you can't imagine the excitement and ectasy of roundup day the day after final eans when we tip-toe up through the ivory (owens and search out our reward. We find it compiled with others upon the grade lists, which are sometimes found enshrined in glass showcases, but more often they are tacked haphazardly onto the bulletin boards. And with the profrisors who try to give a warmer, more personalized touch to the academic process, the grade lists are taped to the outside of thefr locked doors. "These peculiar documents are composed of only two items: your social security number and the corresponding letter grade. Although everyone has their own style in surveylag this list, there remain two general schools of thought on the procedure. 1. TrUE REALIST SCHOOLis one looks through all the SS numbers, and upon locating his number, he casually glance with frightened apprehension, teeth gritted, to the corresponding grade. 2.ctee otimisic shool): he scans the actual grades. screes outall he B', ', s E's, etc., and only accepts the A's. the. glances across the sheet to see if that particular A lines up with his SS number. "Either way, if we have been truly successful, we will let out that indescribable "A' sigh -sheer euphoria. The next step, Cosino. called 'ego building' is when we search through the class list and compare our achievements with everyone else's -how many A's. hew many E's. etc. This is followed rapidly by 'reinfrrceineat where we just stand in front of the list. sometimesdrooling, always with watery eyes, and stare at our accomplishment ia black and white." THAT'S PERVERTE D, Slaurd Caern. "Perversion you say? It's obvious you still don't understand. Grades keep us going Ivr four years. They become our reason fhr being. Like anpheflsmiacs. they keep us stuiulated from quarter toquaztw. Let me illustrate. "Back in the ivory town.s we have just semi our grade arnd we begin to walk away from the grade list, heart pounding. body trembling. As we stroll down the scuffed waxed floors, oblivious to everything. we soon wone upon other grade lists SA TIR E fron, other studentaclasses, and Mime strange gravitational force pulls us to this foreign list and we then stand before It and gloat at all the failures and think to ourselves how lowly human beings they must be. 'Survival of the fittest', we say as we soon sober up enough to propel our bodies out those institutional doors. "AS WE REIE walking away from the building a strange process overcomes the being as the euphoria wears off. Oukckly, the head shrinks, nausea grips the 50411, and even the grOiflhmules cotact ai wtbtgiuthewcld tikey withdrawal prOcess. 'Just one niort grade.' we moan.but suddenly the realization.we know all our grades.is there nothing mote? "Terror and bewildennent grasp our being as we stumble home in a stupor. pute into our cans, and begin the trip to out homies in the real world. We'll be off that horrid drug for a week or so. and Just when we think we have the habit kicked, along conies a new quarter and the pusher has us hooked ouict again." "I think I understand now," said Cosmo, "but I still have one question concerning this peculiar addiction. ls it true that students will lie, steal and cheat to obtain their grade?' "WHAT WOULD YOU EIPECT of a jwikit?" I afswered. I The Independent Florida Alligator el Gmniwa". Jtm.sV Cook An,. Molp'un morn MocNane o .oy MeG. I L"ne om. ,ynn Sol.,. -d Mcnn Ron Cunnlntm Mm almon New.Mtcer Mminnasv, igan, Sub. Mn.p., Mve*"*ngMcse' *M"nin C.M. -6pc'.I 51s.o&C.t,, Ae.1Is.gNdvar ,qp,, o.as.,, -"''" a-nid~o Puhlshdd by bsee. Goiee Hugh inS'm Silas heiad me C*Sp '"" Mnag *nd ppdgcflo -I I 

PAGE 9

'U'p dR ude demonstrators won't solve problem r AIT'S WR EDITOR: It is highly distressing that 4dIfdSt a sinking flagship we as students are presented with an increasing tuition. Cerisinly none of us enJoy paying more bor dli education that is so rapidly deteriorating in quality. With this sentiment I joined those 'tho met with President Marston on March 12 to express dissatisfaction "ith the recently approved tuition hike. r-he arguments and conduct of the majority of students Mho attended that meeting served only to reduce the chances ofthe student body changing the present course ot action of the legislature and Board ci Regents. THE MEETING wa3% an outright display of rudeness, poor tact, and blatant ignorance ol the acts on the part of the students who yelled so loudly. Perhaps ii they had lowered their voices and researched the situation even slightly they would have known that President M arston h ad in lact ipen iy opposed the Itiition hike I he dccisioi, on such issues is m i the bands ol the Hoard ot Regents and. ulrimarelh, the legislature Despite this, angry students repeatedly demanded of Marston whbat he nieded to do to 'top themicrease in tuition. When Marston attempted to explain the acts, he IAs2 repeatedly interrupted by obnoxious vocalists "ho threatened to refuse to pay tuition and hinted a replay of the violence of the sixties. It is ironic that such tell ientioned members of the U F community should hinder the eliorts ,t the student body to reduce tuition and increase the quality of education. II such effort, are to result m i success it will he necessary for proper, more realistic arguments to be presented directly to he legislature I he uproar at I tgert Hail on March 12 is a ery pxor beginning to a diflIkult task Michael J Sabin 3EG .-t / ~ I A:.) K~ 'I / A S ft A' I IS a S '-"3A k Gratefu EDITOR: I imtwitmg t) hank the mire than twenty sgtideints w hi camie i 11%m aid the night 'I Mtarch I lith I was .ittackcd .id almost strangled as I us alking ionmc Iromi the ibrars Had it ntbeen I or these studntIIs I 'A tti d prubalv ha e su Ifered more chan i'st a stort neck EDITOR: lt'\ nice to be able to ,.rite something tomplimientary. It seem' so easy to pick at. pull apart, or cut down someone or something. How often it becomes '.,ur duty" to argue against rather than to defend .n issue. mnd skinnecd knees I he )COplL at the I niserst Al F lorida hanw t, hre comimendedt or their liimgness to help when ii is needed Ihes are niot rdru I., iet in' olIvet1 or St and iip for w hat there lbclicve in I .ini Cer' gratetul that this is the ittituide that prevdils on this So -here is a note of conimendation to the group of University of Florida students whIo came to the rescue of a girl being attacked, and in doing so. probably prevented a rape. hank you ber thinking of someone else's ,.elfare and .Impli )ne other thmng I Lirge he nen Al this Viinersits not to ualk alone 4fter dark. e"en It it's u st lor .i ten. yards I rum .1I'tiilding to your tar 'Ii wi t happen to mlt isn't true. Name Withhcldi n order acting on it -before th inking 'maybe I shouldn't get involved." Here are good people in this world, and with more people like you, it'll get better and better alt the time. C. Rasmussen -l Apology and an award EDITOR. I ,ish lirst to apologize to Mr. John David Kelner to. our nmisitfderstanding. I did not imd do not mean to imply that John David Kelner h as cheated, or been accused of cheating. or has anything whatsoeverr In do swith this cheating scandal. When I ,,rote ul "John David Kelner". I meant John David Kelner. However, 'hen I merely spoke or "John" I meant the person ,.hose mother 'as interviewed by the Alligator over the phone. about her ion's involvement in the cheating scandal, and nho was given the pseudonym of "John". Again Iapologize br any misundenbtndings ,.hieh may have ariseti from my kitter. St.41o Dr, bftlinmenlt Mde, I AGREE THAT a cheat may believe that "very go reasons''exist for cheating However this is just rationalization on his p~ .nd in actuality no such "ye good reasons'' exist. If this 'that John David Keln meant by stating, in his fit letter, that "very go reasons" for cheating exit then I agree 'ith bin,. Ho,.ever, ii he meant tf "very good reasons" sctuP exist, then I can't understa how person ,ho has mad. go 4AS (being also quite achievement) thinks he defend something '.ithtc aidvocat ing. ALSO I question hi stattmnft that an ui derntanding of the causes an the motivations of the evils cheating is the linst st. Gay IoenfE fl0(,O$ Eddo. Georg. Kocdenl' r P'O'Om Idc SpofdeW'ar Tor Shudu g. a is Cr rst st. 'at illy nd io,.ards a mininmiztion of cheating. Does an urn derstandingof the causes and the motivations of the evils of rapes and murders stop the rapes and murders? Mr. John David Kelner, 4AS, thereby "Ins the Seeing Eye Dog A'.ard for this quarter. ltobern Frank Ensslin Ill 4UC An insult EDITOR: After all the lt uproar caused by the an Leonardo's *Had a piece an lately?' ad, and subsequent charges of eaploitatlon of .omen. I defended is kleonafdo's because. afler all, nthey ran the'ery sate ad with d a picture of a MALE the very bf next day. 'p Not I discover that Ijonardo's gives out matchbooks '.th "Leonardo's Cosmic PAzza" on she buck zand .trashy picturs of 'iwdies" on the hrnt cover, Nude 'omen, of cvojrse. I urn disgusted. I can only hope that 'ihet the supply runsout. nonmorof ihese "ill be ordered. Itt especially in a t1ni1trsi13 cOmmllunIity. presumably socially ,nhightened. this is on insult. Laura Van Etten. 2UC USamWY&,,tIVmIWS amwsm11n. 9] for involvement Commendation The Independent Florida Alligator m.t .a. er.e 

PAGE 11

P.g. 12, Th. Independn* Aorid. Mlgelor, Tu.doy, ApdIl 1, 197$ Buffalo oust machines as waterway weeders Dy LAURIE FOX Alligator StaN Write'r [he day has finally come when animals might replace machines. UF's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences IlFAS) purchased tour Southeast Asian water buffalo from the Toronto Zoo, hoping they will be able to harvest aquatic vegetation that clogs lakes and rivens around Alachua County. "THE BUFFALO are a low energy system that might eventually replace the harvesting machines and herbicides now used to control aquatic vegetation," said Dr. H.L. Popence director of the Center for fropicall Agriculture. Popenoe conceived the idea six years ago hut has had difficultv mn finding buffalo that would pass quarantine restrictions. The buffalos are a Family consisting of a lather and mother and their two otfspring, mne male and one female. They were purchased for 53.8(Ewith money received by the International Program hinds. not connected with the UP budget. Pie buffalo, w hich w.eigh 2.000 pounds full zrown. will be Riven different types ofl veuetatgon on different plates. ''cafeteria style." to tind their preferences. They "ill then he placed around suitable lakes throughout the county to eat the plants. ACCORDING TO Dr. Popenoe each adult water buffalo can consumer between 200 and M00 pounds of vegetation per day. "We will also be using time lapse photography to find out in which part of the habitat the animals spend the most time,"' said Popenoc., SG independent A third Student Governient party. the Grassroots Reform Organization (CR0) was lbrined Monday by a group of students from previous third party movements and independent candidates. A spokesman for GR0 identify himself said, "The c aimed toward the average low budget. personal techniq uas" "The orimary issues will f and quality of lift in an who refused to ~ampaign will be student through inter-action bcus on the cost educational enphoto by gnorg. kochonlec ir. WATER BUFFALO technological advance? i .e only experiment of its kind, Popence 'aid it it succeeds it will be of major importance to developing countries in tropical areas which list aquatic weed control as a i maior problem to their development,. Popenoe orsets no problems between the buffalo and the alligators that inhabit the lakes. "In Asia the alligators are much more fierce than they are here and they get along al1r i ght .P op en oe sa id s form 3rd party vironment. and the student government salary system," the spokesman said. Seating interviews for any student interested in any party position will be held today through Friday front, I-5 p.m. in rooms 331-333 in the J. Wayne Reitz Union. All CR0 candidates will be required to sign a legally binding agreement not to accept student government salaries, he added. Interviews will be held in rooms 335-357 in the union during the foflowipA hours: Tuesday. 3:30 to 6 p.m., Wednesday and Thursday. 3:30 to 9 p.m. DORM STUDENT SP ECIAL DELIVERED TO YOUR ROOM MONDAY THRU SATURDAY DURING C t SPRING QTR FOR ONLY per week per qtr. S March 31 -.1.S CALL CIRCULATION 378.-1416-NOW! K Es-d'-6 Winn ie il S AS TAUOH7 BY MAHES44 YOGI As *h U('dY Lef rses more Ms j ac n I da careenire rd Iu mi jr D ety, ,,Od lrit ese ch rO c e sevv fle m ec0hino"** "r"r'rar< E'' is. FtEE LECTURE TONIGhT Tuesday April 1 8 pm Little Hall Rm 205 Everyone Welcome INOUNAIIONAL MUITAIION SOCIETY P.O. Box12917 Gehlsle. .ta4 4fl-2W5 1727880 I aA ( I I YOU NT MON IN THEISMN *TV Guidle Survcw oape Spo -sli Prestlgkoua New York Times Wetly .rmghas beda and Nakieda Coweagp bye. C harters< > to Europe New Yolk$30 eno Ch cog. 36*Fd Los Ang@Ie Dublin Sen FAuncaco Aseaem CML MCNARCS OARDMaddd approved CHARus .L. Smm Ogle. m a? e.d ay P94 *M* sewI heoe s ad. -uqukd S -he S. ber &46kle *' STUDENT AIR TR AVEL AGENCY INC. 4228 FIrst Avenue a04 934-6662 ItICSG, GA. 30O84 

PAGE 12

mc mn&y.ide. RedS. Mllar, Tucedey, 4.4?, 1971 ho. II N' V., AcM we hay. -* 6k. Sd.k, beds, old ciry, Unamift s. A old 916 at a. 378-9445 hW heng C nN Mhain Iui*, -litle alm Ivcd %%IS lb. -Con. -ee inesvilhes only Mhiuc. VMi 011si U'is cifvEd$dS to hoobe from. fast pensonol fia., Meet 0161 .nd 1),. ---is ye. 1e. seued Ah. pege. ISS~i. N. boy snd .dll -em. a.enls Nev.r, Cteep hqphC~hthwp m S itr beaul Stk -cnn and .A.rd.d.d. bsea.,.d ht ." ,,., ,Alt. Aqu.&c and Troil Backpack,, Rugby 5h1r,. Woolrid. Sh rts, Whit. Stag Spccdo Soihing Suits. Fijil line we cony oqolockm rnnrols, Gad., m NW a U. 37.3872 Fer the lea., cxpenuIvc price tor 01glt .,l needs, *isi, 5cn$. P. A. Wfw.21 W NW.le EMS1y ft& ho. Goincwvill. s I in.t .lecioonof .ock, clo.Scol janr, folk and bloc, iF. 728 W, or' A.e fIneet soond .qolpmnt ha. long bec.n rcognized by mound enthuslast a GaIn.IIes Iif's.e If you hoven t bearn ftamed by us. sec us now' hre. end Thing.,., $he Cln City Fl. is Th. quolily p'ctuv~ pric. place to go for cwperl at rosonbe. Cloth. 25c to $10 t -sot. Mclih. b.4. ISA NW 3M St. has o wide voly oi Natural product. For i$,. toal body es.iece Vie, us toonI ci Ournoal gmccrle. 377-un9 For oil men'. womrn. Ihor. Iql. at 17 Nie'be., bd has the .xpfrIsc to do Ahc job right. For app. coi 3"7-459 Oily.oul won NEED HEP THE CORNER DRUG STORE 1128 S.W. 1st. Ave. DRUG PROBLEMS PREGNANCY TESTING ABORTION REFERRAL COUNSEL ING *saonanEUUUSUUUUUUEUnEEUUUUEUUUaaanEEUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUW' UseaEUEU 'U I FIL. MUMUC HflE I Iwout clothes one would hove mad. him tht 4 It)00 flOFFI DAN ONY UR ig ,ew.n mete meet tin anyone in town D ANO YOUR T I Expre. 4-75 oons is now offering a limited number of IeI GRNOENrsIGS-7 PEIL. Bx Mohe EIt m3o7i70i 124t oGapno.voxMother2Eart I 4Appl 3| s.i ats at ct to'' "pr"vl ci A. "i'obtd"pC I'" I C 6U NW 13M It. MIllimeppe. Squer. -----. --------.------J I-L.m --------------------.s.i .b.MSJ .-----------a You can have' $7.92 L. ~Cal 376-4462 I aiil% off | ang ing Basketsl *.qipusd.e. oveo I* Io -U? W UnIeflhL)7t:.I I -, I I 20 N W 16th Avenue Camnesville.F | You can imavog a coupo ad on this page tori Cal 376-4482 -~ ~~~-------r~ III A Krystal 1432 W.UI V 5***'** BACK SCHOOL' |----SPECIAL KIrysIa chicken wecUO ---------------------IFAGAN'S SURPLUS I I "asesho. 10 %OFF WITH COUPON aExcclude. Fair Trade items Good Thru Aprl5, 1975 L.A1' S.W. 4th Ave. 4----------* -~.-~ .~ C S t A -04'S J wws is eq pa rvfltn C.' .4? a mo~e. ES.DI. .,,,." it 4 

PAGE 13

7:15 9:10 ALL NEW THE FOUR MUSKEEERSKU C.1 -Sw. V ItO PASSES OA DISCOUItTTICiCEtS **~*** *-tsAtrin~ 74' 9:3 I Peg. 14Th. indepldlt MOsdO Abigos, Tu.dey,.Apr111. 1975 CL FOR SALE 17 glynwvood pork phone 376-U2t7 (A 10'95 P) Stereo cornponrnts 35 wait receive $65, beoutilul endlable ipeokri Sfl or DOcby cassette deck 1139, FM sreo auto causticdeck w speakers moiponenis 0 big discountsb. guorOntie 3fl-91fl John ao-St I02 p) Ye ,, sn R $ SI$29 never us. ano Pnlitmnmc Le-WD best oH., Sanco Zig-Zag porioble sewing rochine Coili oter 6 pm weekdays 3735634 (o-3i lO2p) martin d-35 new cas. -4 yr. old mnt condltian perfect inoritin acion lowered $475 firm coil 373-3461 also guild P5)2 $400 guild 150 custom $375 (A-ST 103-9) ._____ ssI IE FOR SALE CALCULATORS-7I SR-SC only H 95,.i 5*5) only $18595 New with f-uIl w"only Send bank check o. inorey ord., to College Colculotous. P0 boa 367 Arnhins* Moss. 0*002 Add $2 fo'r postog.ondl'ng Pullprice Irt$ 5 Allow 14 day. for delivery Coil 413-549'-13)6 swenings for further info SAVE THiS AD'I'l (A-4T103-PI coiurnbio 5-speedmien's bke. esceilent For Sole 966 Austin Mecley 3 ccli HONDA CS 0051I0 miles 3(NI bhock., package rock, crosh har, 1974 model Wellmaintained $950 373*733 otter (A 51-103-P) 97) monMes 2 bedroom)I both wosh.r dryer hook-up cenirot heat aIr n seand S acre tract 472-3396 after sia onytjme weekends (A.4T.I04.P) FK* SALE *972 horda cl-10 in goad conditon 5295 car, be seen of 4546 N W 13ib st Los 7 (A-2T-IQ4-P) S FOR SAL7 mtricon swoee.1S0nll4Je IS%' COOt $am -tal ensroc-et2 ''fe r~it nd n,. 3'S2l (A-5T-)O4-P} GOLDEN REThIFER PUPPY AKC OFA certified Chornpion field ino' sir. coil 376-4250 dcv. (A.3t-104-*) FOR RENT 2 lenoies a shore room 2fr. turn opt Country Gorder,' Close to ned <es i s rer-e ovoo-l M23 Coil 371-7854 lb-5. -pj m a, rnsonsibl.e rnolc for I bdtrn op. $69 month. uttes, block from campus, no pels, non-snok., immedio'e occupancy. 377-nj of,.r I pm (b-Si 1O2-p) nice oarg. Iwo or three bedroom o%4 very clonicF campus also astic studio for rent and room in mc. .0,,, or shore cottage 627 sw l2 st 373-2W 87I-STI0-P needed Simai. roommirne to sublease The Ploce $91 ,TOPth own loonm call Robmn 378-6785 (twao rns ovoilobfe lb 3t I02-p1 _____ Fartole Roommate Surinmit M-ouse Api. ow,. rn quiet, cio.e to med center S96 no util Call 3735824 (b-31-)02.-& I femole (law student or studious) to 'bore '/ caper,. 2 bd.m op. begin spring qir p.ftr non smoaker Ulsc Koufrnin Jot 904-744-)442 (C-5-"9-P) Own livng orec in 3 glory bownbous. oil utilities paid 3 blocks hrn' campus 3 great femol. rccrmatet Silo monthly Coil 373-05*9 (S-3-103-P) Rootorela needed righi nowill block to conmpos irillflt plus 569-month Coionial Moao Apis 12)6 SW 2nd cv. No 7 (8-31-103-9) your own extra large bedraorn 3 blocks Irom, campus c-c carpeting on. at.,r busy student to, n roomrift $77 call gery 377-4890421-86 nw f5*h (03-13P mole roommate needed for furnisk,.d 2bedroonm opt incated .n olympia opt. on ground floot Aut off campusr.osonoble corI I 813 733-536) -STWE CAN HELP YOU flND A HOME ot APAflMENT Joel Bridges, Realtor a0 S W Aii, ovenu. 377-67W S0-ST-104Chg ROOM IN COUNTRY HOWE 5 miles west of 34th on crcher $63 per month depoit utiliies ovolmobte namediotey coil 372-2766 (B-ST-I0d-lPl fri. rmmt. wanted for 2Zr 2both wpaciow. troitfr bike to campus a-c, dithwoher, tros grad or studious undergrad $+ utli 31&-1295 (8-31,c-P) Liberal female roornmnnl needed 2 bi tral., in Archer Rd Village $50 W utimes Coili nd, at 376-4454 (8-2?sublet 2 bdrm unfurn quodroplex lewr Archevr d & 34th ii S)% + lost mc + $t% jecur ty 3fl-S94 w 377-4839 SB. Georglo Seegle 14.11 -Ar, dependents off-canpo. men's co-op. Rae, end Board for l1. ban 595-mn i0 W Unlvenshiy Awe 3769179 {(S.Sl1'-P) 2 lIberal roarmosel needed each6 far own rearn I. 4 b.*.n iewrkheug g bhe village apfl 75+ A uriIties cel V2-0tA WdD immedIetelyl rieferably femcl. ,ovncte 5fl.33 -e + 1-3 utlties flreplace, own teenm *5)2 nw 2nds IS 1 nmin to campus by bike c.e(S-ST. 1W&) GOT A DRINKING PROBLEM? 377-1445 372-0421 It 

PAGE 14

304 W. UNIVERSITY AyE.? Moet Mbe OUR PRICE PusS85Oi0for la i.ea, *lppIrngfhldi m' COmlpr weith leeMl em.r ir'as Air Ml L/ United delivery hrtormn all the Iwicdion Mf highw, priced calculators atd mnioefm a lot InBS Thard id in htira of colleges algstraickeyll.vd 'ccuracy to I3signitigru, 1dIgit s p -1l dimif mantluea,2IdIgit flpOnent Powers Sroots tactortalS logarithmIc, tri@OflOml9triC. hyperbolicfunctons O mtmorY storage and recall gcitfntifiC fotdtiOn rechargoSblo battery pick 1 YEAR TEXA8INSlTRUMENTS WARRANTY. Ese ereieaseer eme ands5r a.sy wiomn f(il dayS NO COD' #i 16. 09 I. ffiey If psrsoal check actonOaifl order G 'bna reifat T bs.as end 7,-ste I017T hCM fgL. IC. na Ds~wm R. dmtut, Wlas 02159 tmI IA lIME DRIVER wonted Hours to be "'ringed for coll 373 3361 (E FR 10* HELP WANTED "'im %chaol Terarhe, pos,ions iroi'oble Fall t9?S on B ,~iire 37615CR iF 5T103 P1n a'sa d rib' ronnru ct on. wekerrds mt .oar 17 rear 4 oger ,w nrrherd '" hoi'q 72 667 .EI 103_P1 AUTOS 'i ST t[Il NOW 1973 VW Sumper beetle ni rprotMln'os, ievv eel ad tro, $2V)5 ii I hrd fier Spin II 372 5047 53 himk special ixrepiiol condition nCA ; ''terior A .th original shop nrrmul 'irtiqup $11 X) or hiss offer roll J77 7715 itier X_3 P M G 104 o P1 PERSONAL scrm PapersI Canado's largest ServrcA For Olologue send $2 to Essoy Service, 57 Spodi no Avene Suite 2fl Tomrn, Grit Canada Also campus repremen fot',es requ red Pleas, wril4 35t '0 Studernt Sennie or Honor Couri Florid0 Student P -r -'eviw Mo, Yku 3 6pnrr3JWRUJ IA 4T tO3 P) Bookoock, nhile stag speedo bathing suits hiking short, tuoby shirts Alien's Aquolic and Troil Canler 3448 West University Ave, 373 9233 (JFR 03-C) The Public ir tvied to a Ire. talk or, ECKANKAR, Ancient Science 01 Soul Travel 7 30 9p mlues April I at Ro+th Unton, in roorn 361 Some subtects will be Karma Reincarnation God Reaholiton, Golden Wisdom Ternple., Soul Travel arid the ECk (J ZT 103-P) aviaclive liberal models can rake extra bread in tampa for convention 3rd weekend of opril I erd stotislics to .1 Edwards box 341221 coral gables fo 33134 include phone No 3J-27-I 04P) Gotormon yOtorwomon will be on channel S Iv live april9 noon (i-ll-104SCUBA DYNAMICS .proud announce a new rmenber iucir MARt F scH&AM completed the Instruclor tromntrg Caurse n Jocksonv+lle under 1I,. Sonctrotn of PROFESSIONAL ASSOClATlCN of 01V1NG lN'TRuCTOPS Mark wiii be assuming the poeton of Hood nistrucltr in cherge of nit basiC d.sses Mork to o n~moq .t U of F mlOldin c hemstry (J-4.G4-P) wonted virgin. to take pol rs ci. ety uniwns hori applicants must prove sheir eligiblIhy to catch unkinse coil wanted Jtickets for Jthn Denver caont apr S coil r2.u32 sher 5pm osk for fulinens of his hsen It worship, if it promntd by tMlliu motives ,od th will to do servec. to humoflity Solso. Writngs (J-)T-I0d-C) dadlie fo qayng SO ele-ion fr opril4,"gro party slating inlerviews ugs wed thur. t-5 pm unIon (after 10 pm 37-9sA) (J-ar-lo4-P) LOST & FOUND ou,,d-yelOw gold LF doss ring of 60 bleSoe COil373-7617to identif 1 Th'* h"end.,t ed. Sme. r.d.y. *.4 I. 9*7 P.e iS WANTEDWANTED GATOR CLASSIFIEDS for 4 hes 376-4446 SERVICES Tn. i9bglos. Super Mart" IINIVE'SIIY OPTICIANS 3M SW sh Ave 3*8-t48m The Plant Ocior nickes house coall speciolimng in vegetable garden. ornomeninks housep0IoniS 376 5192 (MT103 PJ __ WILL type AlL YOUR~~REPORTS MANSCR IP'S, THESIS A DISMERTATIONSI ''ill oii, office 3fl 2235 or Sondi 3714-I Sc ba .lasses isortig aprnl 9.1, oal nqu.pnmerq provided sal. service, I,,ps entals a,, tam Allen 4(0 host Mid Kenqdorn orn TV) Alien, Aquotic & Un,' C crler 3448 Wail UnIversity Ave JA3 9233 iM ST 103-C) HYPNOSIS tELPS PEOPLE ATTAIN GOALS BY AIDING ANY PH~YSK.At ANt MENTAL ABILITY STUD\ING MEMORY ATHtETICS [corn self hypnosis 373 3059 Oornald G Prati Certified AAEH (mr *0 86 p I D PHOTOS prossports resume., and opplications notLurni sy1le porrats 377 0797 common work studio 1219 W Univ Ave (rn-20r II p) inc 422Sf stove tucer o 3004 04) 934-6 'i -25'--p C,1E PREPARATIaN COURSE necr U F IS hours $35. course repr.oiobl. hre. Score I00 by the second try or you; money bock Co~l (35) S5474t6 (J.T[SAT PREPARATION COURSE near U F 20 hoists. $70 Half of our students scored over 60 Courrpecsobl. fr. 7Op p obliolo Call {(S) B54-76 Jet 99_P, PARENT EFFECTIVENEf SS TRAlNlNG -Dr Thermo Cordon's course wi1 begin flew clss Apt 0. 710 378-574B aft. Typn Servie Ful lim odriTce HORSES BOARWED title *rieg. Ranch 6 m. Fran' OF nll focIlitlet, lots of rIdINg room Stalls $75 Poulurs 525 376-7)9 SCUBA CLASS Slaris AprI 6 oil equlfmont provided irtluding mads, f ns snorkel. BC, tanks, regulan.r full weltoit. Tegtbaek, all alr n-n, trnmotonol certifIcatIon wid. fivn op. wojer dints Co. 535 obsolutoly no .xta C.,l ,SO.A OY%,-O far furher informatIon 3q (M-47-IO4. 01W DIY $CPTWGAS oft.r bring qister Speed five dews camii al hlstoulcol FONT JAF~IUSON Trotq. spettahon will be provided *w.a Key Wetr All scubo eqUIpment prnldd SCMDYNA TSfar #s -" formton 3fl-W(M IjM Mngu1 *or Isfit help wanted laS# S f-in4 .crlce. SAW TO S I a day. -10 p.uont 4 day. discoont 5 days or mre. S 20 ,ercen, dlaotn This term .noy be used Is -.ac clkid ode .Ithsr In pemnor by mail The '-r. In--For sachi odditlor-il lin., add 35 cents. Mul44py A.e losolby the number of days Ohe apllcobie only for consecutIve 1 1ih AME NC mOUN I Acceptone of pay men I wilt .dvetiing copy doe. n.t cooslue a binding ogretmnt -n Ae lndeede.0 N~d. Th. ledepeedeet p4.vIde rnry 0, ho t to act -4 sale jUdge -0h. .uItcb4lIty of any crnd .M advoyriting copy ,jbmnsled Isr' .jllcson, e'd A. $igt to edi, ,MIe. doyor 'tid ny edvertising cmp. woadin. -300o p n despirt slrg -0. ego! Snm KY PHOSS tw0 F r m ~1 (chec& pnefewed) he: P.C hrn IS omesnide a m 1~ I H m m rim r E E -r r IIt I. r m m r r F F'I -a 3 UU BI A r Em I I I I *1 I I. ii w I "El K. 5 H p E-m-m ---. Independent Florida Alligator CLASSIFIED MAIL-IN p IN in~fenS U I p r S O 

PAGE 15

rooks Daffiness is the one attribute with which Mel Brooks seems most amply endowed rtunately his lunacy is more than adequate compensation. In "Young Frankenstein' Brooks leeringly dissects the Hollywood horror movie of the I 930's With the Mary Shelley novel the unwitting victim, Brooks has erected a series of Gothic tableau, (in the period of early Universal-International) and populated then, iwith crazed townspeople, a brooding young Frankenstein, a hunchbacked lab assistant, a couple of attractive girls, and Sb tCCetfC housekeeper. Gene Wilder, who worked with Brooks in his carlief films, "The Producers" and "BlazinR Saddles." portrays the erstwhile Dr. Frederick Frankenstein (or "Fron-kon.teen," as he prefers to pronounce it) uprooted froni his medical cilege lectures to oversee the estate of his late grandfather. Grandpa was, of course, the Frankenstein of lore who originally re-animated dead tissue and who was, in the words of his grandson, "a cuckoo." When Frankenstein arrives in Transylvania he is meot by Igor. broadly played by pop-eyed English comic Marty Feldman. After sonic BThe Buzz CONCERn Apdil 3 -l aker Garylts Asmy, Great Southern Masle Hall April?7DoobM. Brother., JacksonvIlle Coliseumn AprIl 6 -DanIel Helfiti, JWRU Balk. April 8-John onver, Jaek.uIlle CoD. April 10 -UnInnsIty ians Dad. 12:30 asm. JWRlU Aprel 1Ray Lewisma, Great 5.5k. UaSe Hdll Apd 16Deed, Sweet and Tenr, Gneat Southern Maie April25-Ead Sewgs Retlew, Great Seutknue flk Hail AprIl 26 -NUIy Giily Diit Dad ad Stewe Mirthm, SGP AprD 27 -FMlda Symphemy Oretedtra, IWRU Ualh. Apr 27 -Jase ChYoung ad Leo Ketsk, JacluoavIl.e Cici Auddrum THEATER April3"Ded md t." {fHsgor of W. I. ib.he Apd%-2-"Playt Akan Sam", GaInvlll. Little Th.ler Apr69."Gedaper", Gneat Se-the Madle Hal AdI1113, 16-3, 3-27-. "Nnebeth", HIppdr. DANCE ApsE 4Unihu*lt of Florida Dameo C.pany, "Magsma t75", hur U8-udas Dace PFedmame, Sniss AtC.e.SsI8:1p.,JWRU dissects R ICH AR D BURKHOLDER badinage about mispronournced names -in pique Igor maintains his is sounded as "Eyegor" -Frankenstel,, is taken to his ancestor's castle where he encounters Frau Blucher (Cloris Leachmsank. Eventually Frankenstein stumbles across his grandfather's diary in the castle recesses. Within this book are transcribed the secrets of life bestowal and the young Frederick, by. now fired with scientific curiosity and family pride, falls upon the diary with the intent of building a new creature. This time. though, he vows to be sure that the creation has "a good brain." From this last key plot device Brooks and co-scenarist Wilder spin forth an array of comic situations that include sexual insatiability, vaudeville dance numbers, and even brain banks (of the drop-brain-in-slotafter-S p.m. variety). And what a bunch of hams they are! Wilder is excruciatingly funny in the title role; and Feldman, with those bulging crossed eyes, lends a bit of zany lewdness to lgor's every line and expression. Ms. Leachinan croaks and swoons wickedly, but hilariously; Madeline Kahn is delightful as the spoiled matriarch who love, Frederick; and Kenneth Mars mugs outrageously as the village official with a squeaky mechanical arm. Al! of which brings us to the nebulous question of aesthetic taste. Jokes about people's physical detbrinities and gives concerning the sexual lust of nyumphomaniacal females spot this movie like measles. Thus those would-be patrons who might be offended by such material within context -and here ii does appear within a certain kooky context -or without should be advised to think again before viewing "Youna Frankenstein." One thing the viewer will not find in this film, though, is a predilection toward the type of scatological humor sect, in Brooks' other recent effort. "Blazing Saddles." Nor will the moviegoer be subjected to different planes of reality as he was in "Saddles' -there are, for instance, no bizarre shaittlings between niorie set, be it Wild Westerin or not, and a contemporary Hollywood in "Young Frankenstein." Instead 11e emphases are upon sexual and funereal humor in a more structured and traditional storyline. There is even some care lavished upon set design and special cftects work, which demonstrates that Brooks at least wished to recreate the look, if not exactly the spirit, of those durable'3l's horror pix. As an extra touch the film is shot ini black and white, which may anger somec uninformed persons who pay their S2.5O to sae It. The rest of us. though, will probably be laughing so hard that the monochromatic cinematography won't snake any diffrrenec. Spring set with distractions By SHEILA DRAPER EFeAa----3db.r Once again. SPrig Is upon us. Hoards of sorry scents have packed up the olW microbus and returned to that pant of their lives choked with responsibility,. Alas, the return to college and the unrelentless purnuit for h igher education is snarling us in the face. The tempo of life will increase -the tests, the papers, and other mind-boggling assignments one must go through in order for one to clutch that special piece of paper.Fortunately, there will be several happenings designed to release one of the burdens of serdoumnus. The Great Southern Music Hall has booked the Earl ScrugpRevue to cistbrote their annual anulvusry on April 25, Var-Usual Steve Dintk, dhik., of Student Goverauent Prod uctioms sed Nhb Gritty Dirn Band and Slewe Martin will put -a ma cometn April 26 iis hemsr of Dorm Wegkk In thuse two days. there will be gbsny of fOst siomupila i kasn,. For #hw Ies athsuasts,. SGP will present the first atinal jazz festival on May 10. Block said Larry Coryell is teatatwely booked for a show. Also, Gainesville's own Ianz Project will be -n hand. They .ert responsible for packed crowd, at the Keu last month. SGP has also booked David Bromberg for a free concert in late May. Oh yes. let us not leave out the Carni-Gras which will take place the first two weekend, of the quater (AprIl 4-6 and ll-13). Block said thIs year the Carni-Orms Is bringing a small pro halo.! circas with It. It slhonid ble interutug, Tb. "folers are cut" hr Van Moalmm.n Kis .Sd Rita,. or the Eagles for the Intcr. Fraternity Couwcdl' Spring Quartet show. Block also said. The Student ActivItIes Center In the I. Warne 3dbt Union has phasned "ChiatIs" .8 ate of pwrinring and visual at, frus April 1-12. Thhs Include a Landh Box Theater preseutatloa,. "PandaII", a Unleerdly J3ms Baud caner -n April 50, a 'am ih. at th Radmabe~ar -s Apil lI, and -an at txi b iln and sii t th Union colonnade on Saturday. April 12. For those more culturallyminded, the Utriersity Peribrmiug Arts Series is featuring a violinist, Daniel Heliti, ad a celst, Jeffery Solow, fre, of charge. r It's going to be great to have such distractions fromt the doldrums of serious study It should help tile brain cell, to reian a tad, so as to pertorn. better under pressure. April Fools I By SWAMI YOGI YOGABENRA At~me. Carnendt The Truth Revealed lathe Swami w# Vogaburra's2-yearold. near-perftct record reviewer predictions for the year coming from now until then. I predict that next album from bie hoavmutal DhctimanTurner group. "Industrial Aedkdat" wUi be so heavy, fans 'ill be obliged to take It home on hand bruck and open maine with tin .11,. I predict nest Joel Mitchellip, "Kans iiop" will not have any songs about WAsen Beatty ubael l pre~Ilddthnettandances ufibeth. polkal Chwap fine Roger Curmin pets kaflkhins will being -ee at -os drive-In, all a.r thuse Unied Sa. I pedikt that MmkavImnv John MerlshkuS ai pt Is sew ba complte wish white mbeyedu -.ppr uh Las Paul. and a little picture batue lAhp 14. l ava. I predict the fam.d rock St lead. C etouse stags quitTheir .h''.hcwwwe, 'ii is a e 55 mIlton net UJS taur tagelhw. I predict that reek mulec fluke Todd Randgri. tile irt pop san to ema dread negative -oe I predict, se, that se, belag ibamd Yogi Tegabmwa wDi snatch up to harn my minute by RDae p& tat. Asp .1. 5 U1 bI The Independent N Florida Alligator E T R A NN horrortli"c Dr. Fron-kon-sae ReIolc. Owe Creafive Indeavor 1 .4 

PAGE 16

lb. lndepcndent flodld.a To.,La3 2~1 6~ .U 'I t3z 845PanoM ?b.m ~eu Mt is ~.bddn. Ret Autgdww Gras to 54% 'tape, UEP6t~fUS.SeN.n4hJmnJ24t r ~auS b~4 ~.~p.btb (kSi tvmwe.4 I A -~ -a w S AWT AWOF PlAYS. MOViE, CaNCElS, E)O4ISITS 71 72 Spwomrd by 0Kand thwJ.WoyneR*It*Union *~A-r F.rs a.Aprd asS-0.BW 110 2ndfloqrdAdulfrl 50c NON CREDIT COURSES Regi stro,,on icr oil workahops and l.son. will bak. plo'. in Room 33Ot rom 90 m o t4rp m,tbh3, If'hroUgh April.1 S~dents, focuily and staff vnembern and teir .powne will hav. prioryforlfonnroiin,.fr m th er,~h Aprl 4. Only of er im e will 'sism.ion b.op.o ,oomhaper"on. Dii to pric. and rsgihtronion dlf*.renfiol., it will b. necesary that .ach pernon com,. to regIStr with opproprlot. idenfIcotlon. Ehrmllmen* for Individual clog., I, limited and. *thore 00 0 tirrt-com. fir.-wnvd bosis ts lve. Pernon, may only reglr for SecoUm regIstaoo Sor all workwhops ard ha.,.n I. Iimuited, w. must consider yr declSion so .nroll final by 4:S p.m. A. working day prncedng thefirnt .dh.dUled clan. Rfunds witI only .vnad. Und.r ih. clrcUinsionca. Iu.April Soy$ 2 520 Non s-den. AStIIUOGV I NIShUCM T 0IlkI JoMufllof $1500Non lS'devns Wad r415IM1y N 39 2 p a. IWUCfl Devid Cochran. SI5 0005dm Mon Apr15 4.+Aay 26 $l&0Slufl% $15 00 Non StudnIs (Gegmning) Tue. Apnil IS-y 27 TotnMrV$Ievy $1500 Non$hidri. Wed Apn 6Moy 2f Ad nan 0.weI Thrs Apri l7-May 29 7 M9 p m Adrian Oov.II Juts Apdl$SMey77 MechaJls lie000$ues 515 0NeuiSiudonli Wed Asi l16My N $1500 Npn StudnI Wed 4ria l6May28 7 *9rpm Ip'STUCfl AMica Snyder rwS0$udanl. 720 pm IN 5ThU CI 7 h.,'i Swpnb ery2 $4 0Non Studens Wod.April 16.Moy) INSVRUC JO 1t500Non Studens -enw IMaiwnn) lha 4pd 7-May2 I in Moo 4riI 4Mey 26 IN$ U U'T %ol.r~nhom S 00 C ludafls 513 00 Non bld.,is Thuns ApolI7.Mey 21 75 E9 p m $1000 1uden'. *I1500NoonSlude's 0tATAR h Morn Ard' 14May 26 S M7 00 p m INS TRUCfl $1000 Sudeng. $15 00Non.$Iud.M.s (*.gifln). 'U. Apr'ie SM 1IEhUCfl $15 00No-drti Wad April S&Moy 2$ 500-,00pm INSTIUCi f Jam. Nod en $IS00No-Idfnls M TAUI 'Nmul~com -51000 rId.IISa $1500 s. Rj~ *I*.00e11uens Wad Ar1 iS~ayN $5100 .ltdns 'S.'s7-. p2 -e Apnii*Mayh 7*%p.n $100 ko.$id, Wad Apri i4ay2 S 7SInprs tuct.April iSMy2 $, 0anissa C omin" Ap ada deta ils in Mondays Alligator IMNItS ANMIfMhUM Tues .Il sMOy 2 no m, 1IS00Siudenn ceaaYm~ w ,i~t ---&0'alC SI aco -badet vocal Mon 4p.11 4May 26 276-npm *45 RUC sitnise -Sludafis -esApiIIMern7 $ isa onI hde Is TntputISpyf IN aim fat $1000 Sdenus *It00n 5uens YOGA, Wad Aprll 1-May 2N 7*4pm ISIUCT0 1 00 S'-udns Weds 4$17 May 2t Sl1t Sldefis $15.00 Non-$hidens YOGA I Thun April 57May 21 kWi4.tJt.,e $100 Ildanla YOGA I Thgn.Api 17-May29 51.00N0 Sludn Ihun Apdl ?-May 27 579 enp bandgll RotS. $10 00 lqdank S510Nan Sldgoti -CA. Irdell Ro$. SCrENtmudns Situs-udant M"'. A*4 47 Msy 12 7 0S.3 m S1tU Sudenis Peitn"i .n"l"n '", co concerned IIh lcaholic bawa.ges wit be r.qwiud t dtew pr.o4 thEa twy al mU t les I. yn.a e f. Wad Ati ISJn. 4 -o IhqiaAl7 June 5 Spm --'ng 0-.Nm1I eni CP~t 5n ap 1tn Apral ie~jn2 ac Nan-4udenI. Men .$I 4M-Juy S 759-2, Menflay12Aem. WI kamlenn 1hurt. Apri17 Jun 5 INSISUC T INapaWhim. $2400Non Sdanr. S*T YCMING hun Aprl 7 ju. 7 59 2pm Mope WI., 124.00No Sde's Mon April I4Jun.2 INS TI UC 1 Linda 0.rs Sit 00 5udenis 12400Non Sudan' swan eism Ut flO rierned'a,. Jut erel'IS-Jn.) I 7 20 m INS IX C0 $1500 Idenu '2 an Skidanit saa Ma4.p4l4Mg1 S 7 S. Usm Meg -May eit-Je I em -Ma. -~ap Relln im.t ten SSep. me.-'-.me Wa.1 IMee 5*"--*ii 1 8 I 9 A '"''an"O'n"e p APRI L '.Tweeder.AndiL 1778.I 

PAGE 17

Tennis team I' ordinary over break By KEITH CANNON Alitat. Sporls Wrikr Nothing extraordinary happened to the UF men's tennis team during the spring holidays Translated, that DAVE PRESSLY won lost 11 matches cans the Gators won all seven of their matches to boost their record to l6-I. The wins also extended the UF winmg streak to I I matches in a row since an early season loss to Miami. Routine, right? COACH DILL Potter's squad victimized Kalamazoo (7-2). Mississippi State (7-2k. Auburn (9-0). Georgia Tech (9-0), Southern Illinois (8-I), LSU 17.2). and Alabama (6-3) on consecutive days in a rigorous seven-day stretch. Naturally, Potter feels pretty satisfied with the way things worked out. "I think we're in pretty good shape for this time of year.' he said. "The boys have really played well. There were some exciting matches." Four of the victoriesMississippi State. Auburn. LSIJ, and Alabama-were SEC wins, but Potter stressed that a 4-0 SEC record was not all-important at this stane of the season. "Those don't count toward the chaipionship. but you still like to 'in them." he said. 'It helps your seeding in the conference tournament. But you can win them (dual matches) all sAd still." He didn't finish, but one could guess what he meant. [be Gaters' head man might have been thinking about last season, when his team had a 7-I dual match SEC record. yet finished fifth in the conference tourney. POTTER DID not single out any individuals for thier performances of the past week, but the Gaters did have somenotable Sc-. complishments in singles play. No. 6 player Jim Oescher won all of his 'iidividual matches to remain undefeated at 17.0 for the year. Another stopper. fresh. man Chap Brown at No. 4. ran his 'inning streak to 16 straight before losing against Alabama Saturday. UF's No. I and No.2 players. Juan Dinz and Dave Pressly, have come off some early-season losses to win their last I I matches. "This takes some of the pressure off in doubles," Potter said of the excellent singles play. However. he expressed disappointment at some of the recent performances in doubles. In No. 2, for example. Brown and Jody Stagg have dropped five of their last seven matches. 'They ale a tie. team since (junior Mike) Boning got hurt,' Potter said of his freshmen. "They have not been quite as good ateam asi thought they might make Thete could be a change there." ANY CH ANGES will probably come soon, since the season is lust past the halfway point. Potter said, "We've still got a few tough teams to play. We need to keep our momentum going." Two matches are on the schedule for this week. This afternoon. ACC representative Wake Forest. which lost to UF 7-2 last year. will meet the Gators at 2:30 p.m. on the University Courts. And on Friday. the netters tace their biggest challenge since the Miami match when they host the defending SEC champion Georgia Bulldons. It will be a chance for revenge for the Gators, who suffered their only dual match SEC "loss of 1974 to Georgia. 8-I. 'They have practically the whole team coming back." Potter said. The Bulldogs' top player is Manny Din, last year's SEC champion in No. 2 singles. This year he is at No. I. and his victims include Stanf ord's John Whitlinger, the NCAA singles chanipion in 9974. The Georgia match ase begins at 2:30 p.m. at University Courts. -a.a BILL POTTER .sofiufiedgo far Gators bombed by Eckerd, B, MARK JOHNSON Alligator Sport. Writer Just another 16-9 hal eamc. l'hat must have been the reaction ot the Gator baseball learn Sunday afternoon after lhey were blown off the field by Eckcerd College in the latest of several slug rests the UF team has been involved in this sensor'. As usual, the UF bats were red hot as every hitter but one collected one or more base hits. AND, AS USUAL, the piching left something to be desired Eckerd batters chewed up and spat out four UF pitchers, collecting IS hits and 9 walks as the Gators' record dropped to 12-10. Senior southpaw John Chappell. whose last stint was a six-hit shutout against Auburn. will start this Friday as the G ators continue their Southeastern Conference schedule with a two game series on the road against 16-9 Georgia in Athens. The two teams split a pair of games at Perry Field during the spring break, giving the Gaters a 2-2 2 conference record. "It was really windy out there today, gust one of those days not suited for baseball," head coach Dave Fuller moaned after Sunday's semislaughter. "You're supposed to win with nine runs, but not today." DOWN 4-2 A~lED four innings, the Gators stormed back in the fifth ininl with phin by gwag lindnnec Ir. HOLt HALiED .as were Gotora in latest of Iheir gyvroj giugfees another Gao gof i y M UF's golf team ran up a three-day total of 881 to win the Southeastern Invitational golf tournament this past weekend in Dothan. Ala. Alabama was second in the event with 892. FollOWed by Indiana at 594. The victory was the fourth in a row for the Gators, who have no. won six out of eight tournaments. Gator Phil Hancock was the individual madallat winner for the tournament with rounds of 73. 73, and 70 for a 214 total PHIL HANCOCK Den'is Sullivan had a 217 to finish third. and Andy Bean .tournwy victor carded 220 for a fousth-dlace finish,. four runs thanks t6 a two-run triple by Rogtr Halt and RlI hits by John Cortes. and Jim Sh lock. But Eckerd. who had already knocked starter Tim Wilson out of the box in the second inning, sent both Ron Dobbins and Craig Pippin to he showers In the bottom .f t he fifth-with seywi rims -n six hits and two walks. Mike McCarthy mopped up for the Gators and was hit for five runs on three hits and two walks in the seventh inning as Eckeid took a 164 lead to put the game out of reach. UP added three ruas In the eighth. but they wire hardly emougfl to make a d Iffrrence,. WHILE THE GATOUW' 14-hit attack was ImpressIve, Fuller was morw concerned a ith the sometimes good,. sometimes mummrble pitching the teni has been displaying as of late. "inxperience is the big thing," Fuller explained-. "Four of our top six pitchers are freshmen, arid tech game they pitch is going to hlp. "Mike McCarthy came In today in .elef and I was real pleased with hit performance." Puller said despite the fushmgau IS.thander's sevntbhtaulaa problems. "I think the gab. he pitched spjtss Lahflte (a cwnplse gMat tinney) 'tally helped lib, Wi' jst.a matter of oafidemts" FULLEST, mOWfWs I. still having. a buld thus forgsttiag Sutmwday's 7-S inn to Auburn, a pm.e k whIch three UP pithsis glgeS, II walks. linlag, fine by stare WkEb Subl who wq knocked cut afrt cb me and one-third ianin. 'Hutes a auittmlast war came on it Cch ialief whoa he had to-f. ~Thn e thoks and did a great lob" Fuller said. Smith may start the second game of the Geornt. series cii Saturday. bAWEMFU31 .9rnnalamtougb 4' ---n-., ~ -4 hr TheI I ndivpendcn t Florida Alligator SOT 

PAGE 18

How much profit deem Urns a" C each go U.S. (clhockenS) A.EJ4S B.L128C C.I 120 DJ5$ And F. profits go If you compare what the majority of Americans think corporate profits are, with the bottom line of the typical corporate financial statement, you will see that the public holds profound misconceptions about this vital subject The ad joining message from the April Reader's Digest sums up opinions and the facts about profits.It shows what happens to them. And it shows how the profit potential can give Innovators thleincentive needed to create or expend business. That leads to more jobs and more earnings all around. R.doo (even If you checked letter 0 above). Itean be well worth the investment of your time. the hoard. It is a corporaitiron' conuntieS prvfit.6liry thur .ilkws I I'. rrgulairly rut smsney At,, sa, ubW TV (ir the Iced symphony. .id a thr ,mntin,. reate new reahinoksgy .ind!new ib. ~Pfoie5 arc wit, is some petipk emto im. clutched mi the hind, I4 'I .i w cigar-smokimg tvccns There .re o millioi ,tcckhtohders mi this camwnrry whi, com On them; ;;. medlnu. workers whose retire nment Itis, inessed im stocks and hn.,ds. 'leiendeam them: 6j million lie-m~sor.itc puntcis mn lore in the Uttiedl Stres chat depend ii. a great degree iC dividends chat pri podlute. Pmisare Sar mirt. of comrse The t Nit (ie man's pniarv mfcentiscs, Long after (acuinrs have mccenbust.and payrolls and Crnge luesefius *xaic. pirtiits keep lights I'urninjpod&esan lahiq.t,.es.m n mens minds. spsrring she almost inidistihle mix of new prnducts .md ideas call Jrnres. P'cer shuffer' and clurt e-isers in a aentralind toumiw btureatcrjcv di not imnti .itittifmitie ttjnmiusiiti. iiesh,.riieni fiidh. kidne maichmnrs domulILust labrics sir ,.nnkr drugt Mieit mi the mmrtct-pljce k.a. Stimunlaeil iw the p'tsp'ct st rfit. lhey I ind harder steeL higher cokir ek*i1~sh ar.p6%er racer bladies. quieter -'Sr comdici.ern. Whet, million wanted elemtri h.ir-stvie, drvers. tremiends miekinrN had iii be channeled to WEmeect thit dcmrnd by compnmirs cekimg i profit When thr dryer' suirird ril Imig Iut, who benefited a The mpa iiIC'sure But the big entInrce were the con sumers, A rs, because their demands were ,,tinfid mnd. second. business cornpeto quickly drove prices down. icc, whilk profits ire so intmately edto the live' ci All ci us, the puibli concept .1 them is sc distorted is to he h,.,rdly a concept at all For cx.'mpik. olIs indicate that the maI Irty (II Americans believe business lears .txcut 2 cents profit on every di har itearns. The fact is. after taxes the average US. companY now makes a little less thai, .mcel pr.At on cach uiles pillar (crt.I iil, in some industries the .nerage is higher.bhut norvery much Mining companies. oItfeqwpment and computer firms average bet,, e, nime ,md ten cents on the dolIsr. Lumber 1roducts mtalke around seven Oil production and refining ptiifltie ,mlmut eight. But im many imdustines the r rfit margin is much lktser. Ironic. .many of the low. it it nmargims arceimbusmnesses Shat ma niy petle asume to be nmaLmng iisntomuioiiiblc ,riIs" M the insumner s ei1'eme Supermarts lor mnslamce. clear a little Ic th:mn a cnn' a, rich 'ae dolrI the ret iIles mdcust ry. the average pr lt per tiles dullir is around t-a C nte;Bus nmsen d industry has e tred circle"1 tiPca' e ,hus true profit cRISIS nitnvuuIION SVICE I lb. Ind.vnd.p. notEd. MI~ t Q~ 0040 a o ~0 'Pr. We al T hou a kn"them" terthey a vital role mn everything we do i'v.been hearOften bad things. About how big they are. Tkey've been cursed in the street;, reviled in Coogress, con. dnmned in (he press. They are often overestimated. They are seldom understood. We all should know them, better, for their handiwork is everywhere -though we rrwy not realize it. --They but a factory Sn a riottorn section of Watts, Calif. the., helped at along until it was a IwomIliona-year business owned largely by its employs. picture. But somehow we Amencans remain peculiarly unconvimeed. We buy a house for SaSooo, sell it fir 540,oco. then the next day condnns someone else's "pursuit of profit." We hbidiely forget the realites of economics and competiton. Let's look at the profit picture on a common product-a woman MANUFACTURER'S COST AND FRONT Padoanwae Adinktrsclveand saleusmhns. .. Tma.-. Proft from .les to etailn Whoelesale pine to rea lie S LI .92 125.y5 RETAILER' C T Drsfroat .mswhdtur ..525.75 AJdrhng, sale marluhwm. freight .Stor -prtos Pa-l. .. Tmsa. ... Prc& from sale, to ea,,-. .-. &Il~g -ri to cusEr I 51 6.2N 9.lS z.t. L.U ass play -They helped to remodel a home lor troubled youngsters in Leavenworth, Ran., and to fix up recred non center for school dropouts and drug victims im Dallas --They created a million new jobs in the United State. last year. -They piUr Sjzj nmaliot io Mdutaion each year and another Si 44 millon yearly into the arts. Their total outlay ror charit y each year is bout illion. -They put 58j millon into a new steel-makingprocess that prevented a steel mill in Pennsylvania from closing down, saving aoo jobs. --They give federal, state and local governments more than $' billion in annual tax revenues. Who are "tkey a Pronts. The money earned over and above the expense, of oeaing our American businessandmidustry. If industry were not profitable, -ot only would companies moon go out of business--with diteconseqmences toemployes arid stockholders-but a great variety of social and hwumani tarian activites would simply go by dress that sells in department stores for Ijio. A woman examining it might conclude she could make the same dress For quite a bit len than that amount. Provided she could get the pMrern (one of hundreds submitted by the nianuracturern designers), she cold indeed save money. But this dress is o. the rack because the malonty of women have neither de time nor the indnatieu, ii' mike their own. Why does it Cost $0 The box in the preniosaclumo gives a breakdown of cass. And it shows that a k25.7 dress chat provided 1obs and made a profit for people in dhe garment industry ends up (ulfilling a consumer deuite, providing livelihood foe a dqpamnmenr store's employes. putting ta, money in the publictreasury and proiing the store's owners. In the. process, it becomnesa Ijodres. Asihrdiat I-p retail profit --well, ye. dwecoosumer are the reason why it is chat low. For to raise the profit margin the businesaan would have to risk losing your patronagp. You in the end rake the decison. Tha's what co,petiton isall ahoua.And profit isthe essence of comipetion. Fir rprinn. wniae aepiw Edther. Th. Pn 0 -5otso--; a.o-$3.; *0 qunuiic mai ftt.u u Thd ue sage ispreprd by tht editor. e1 TI'. Re.', Digjest nd rentd by Thesu Bate Re-a*. I____________________________________________________________________________________ 37MW sr. Tueudey, Apd1 1. 19y1, N.gW t., 4.5.,., M*4l~~aI Ip. #154111(4 c',CIfl.I, 5** .,*~ N. II nil N. V. A.". Ct' en C ap#*~Ri4 tOll I 'cc. 4**-** t.I~ rim, --I NIVSIC S.,-. CI. ~4 Ge I S.,. n.e. CS PC ese L S *9 I, I IC IC I. II he. S jhe p. 'I. eel a 5" ea I. ci, 4e. .l C--. .1 Vf IM tP*a StL~ -nM -*.t.e. -P -Va a ~* h V. -n e. tf S "5 ana c4,-.c a0* *.no. .94q U*. t~ .49 eaSy 54 LeI* -all '5141* Seiserm *4~ G.e., 5 AM.Ve P-i-. U,*i*t4~.4e. ins V Is I, .4 N a SI .4 A .4 SI a. a K ii Cl I. U .4 II I. 'a cm Hockey L F"at 0i~4 Vt ci,. '.54 flit *5 I' tie-. SI U SI iS -S Is IP it II a--s *die -I. I" .,.~ I iS -I. pm ii Vt 4 S5** 0* ill! IV S US SVI *4S III Sw. I. .4.5, "9 S ta IU Vt 5 11*1k .t pm, In I, P5 qfl *** -,vs** I,. a a ii, I,, II 48 III *~ 'I u ta H: 'N tal Iii Si SI a Pu S.-S*l*~ a s-ear. fl-S Sw"eI It ~lSe IVIeSb .YffSit~*9I LVLIe. CV KI*9** 'VII 5e .ne (-li-s. at we.Q ----.-* e *a nass S .us smil i emesmats0 I ru ly make on loes dollar? a 4 9%, 4 

PAGE 19

S Ps* 20,1%. In&pnd.n*Aortt. AJIIgcv. Tue.day. Apsi I, tflS UF di fans It's I good thmng (hat gu like Da'e Roberts, Housi Mec cr. and Mike Robers showed [Ip for the Florn Relays because if the peop came our to 'ee the Gato hey ~ wet sadly dlissapoint. I he SEC Indoor chamiPiOfl% mlijiaged only tiwo relay victories when they were expected to win at least live THE UF coaching stati and the athletes themselves tookit pretty hard because they knew they jell tar shorn of BEAUFOPT BROWN we'll be ready' dn I at muc their cxpccta tions And they diid it In Iront iomec crowdi t9 top it (lit "It's almost historical that uc don'i do vell at our own, lan relay,, said a tdisgusted ;.ssistanl coach Rov Benson AT THE end of the mleet. head coach Jimmy Carnes w as sniiing. a' usual, but ,.hether he would admit it or not, he couldn't have been pleased with the team's performance. in all irness to the Gators, I hough. inlurles played a major role in their overall sIOWiflg. Fhrce of' the four members of UF's national champion mile relay squad were on the sidelimeswith the same type of ITjury. HORACE TUIfl and Wimpy Alexander had pulled leg muscles before the meet but Noel Gray waited until Saturday to hart himself. Mitchell Goings, the 1973 SEC 440 champion and intermediate hurdle standout Bob Ranmbo, both very capable and replacements. wecre also on the sidelines. Goings was still recovering 9mom a muscle pull which r GAINESVILLE'S OWN PROFESSIONAL S HOW BAND ATITHE 1430 SW 13th St. 377-0718 60 ) Ar L I) J relay yell prevented him, ironm defending his title at the SEC's and Rumb., spent much it Saturday heaving his guts out in the locker room THE ONE individual w'ho wa' probably most cdliurbed h ito iwith the ithole situation was Beaufort Brown. He watched his blistering 46.7 second 440 leg in the 'print medley go to waste as Steve Gomet faded to hold the lead on his anchor leg. "It really bothers me." Brown said after the meet. 'We're nolrunning upto our capabilities. "BUT MAN, we're coming off one of the toughest indoor seasons of any team in the nation, It takes a while to get that indoor feeling out, you know getting adjusted to the outdoor surface.the wider turns. Brown made some good p01 ts. The Gators did participate o--. -.H .EA.' CPS Peaked trawler cap, bornuwed bag. inE wtreplnt Dark blue nylon. Size: l6 -6%): Med. (7-VA) (7A-7%); XL (7%-7%). Sin. Lu. .iincce--= sie quality, dark navy wool serge with black braid embroidered on visor and band. Size.: Sm. (6%-6M); Med. (7-7%); Lg. (7%-7%); XL (7%4-7%). Also available inblgetwiji with black brald U.95. All cot. braided macrmrn. i a faticabI. 1% width. Buck-. I. are nickel clvnr. Specify color WhitoNay,.nd.ape drty buehM: Anchor or SIp's Whecy el. I. 8.aa 2-3) City hsaad, N.Y. 1044 surprising ease. IT ISpossible that the team may have been pressing too hard before the home folks. Now they must learn to rest' ldly and completely recover from a rash of injuries. rhe SEC outdoor championships are not that far away and anyone will tell you that the outdoor title is more important than the indoor championship. 1 know the fans are damxinted but the guy on and when the time cones ,.ell be ready. Brown said. "Whcn it counts Florida will be number one, I'll guarantee you that." alitno Pitchers: Licensed C thERE S MC~F '0 ~EE WITh CAIU 'V 'C Channels. A wflMA' choflei, UP' ~flwI. New VoM 5*O~ S~thr. 2 FM .?*i}OAI C.' TV Chaflfwlg. .od ~ FM an44 AM ~tbt*Ofl* 00 the PM beOd wee an siwlOw CS) CO MC. 52 K. MMfl IT STOP to deliver beer & wine Schlitz 1.20 Bud 1.40 Michelob 1.60 & APSE. ~ CML ~fl -~~ios too ING for a good parl-time job!! Oflood Pay ON. Oppfrlantims sCaresr Training ORegular Promotions e aand Wommt Eligble Am Nh*NS CASES ilT4E TSCCAL sETcnauvuwEumEAME AMERICA NEEDS US -----------------J I a ac tuns ur I AS/eee Iaisssie IADORE I CITY. I I I I rAT. I I"rrPAVSTOGO'OM"TINGS" -----------------------J 12 IJUULI W E LCOME 54 STUDENTS IltW.l6th Ave AICK I START YOUR QUARTER OFF WITH atirtieS serving great subs, sandwiches, combinations & side orders. Enjoy It EAT-I N FRI TAKE I I F, C 3 ways DUT (with minimum order) about 0 cvry mirndor meet in the Urs and they never held hack. Powerful fennessee got pistolA'hipped by the Gator' it lennessee before the Gators .ent on to capture the SEC indoor cr0,n it R ICK A DELIAN 'p C H "-aWN Girls: Free Guys: $2.C 1Bs-10 pm -M WI. GOrds: Free Guys: $2.00 --E Girls: Free Guys: 12.0 us WE 15. 31* 5Cc coy Enjoy allins Red Velvet Lounge DAILY HAPPY HOURS 2-7 GIVE US A CALL ,74 
