
PAGE 1

mU -the independent florida Not officially associated with the University of Florida VOLUME 97 ISSUE 131 qBI IJ Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida We Inform. You Decide. THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 FOOTBALL Leak to leave UF for -pros tended the press NFL E ropepyday close to the situati have been the dec too much to resist back's departure. t Leak and Drej Orlando to Frankl By BRIAN SHAFFER arrive at team hea ........ Alligator Staff Writer Although the ( bshaffer@alligator.org ~Leak said he expel For the second time in two months, a highly reately. garded UF athlete has decided to bail out on his Gators don't get it, teammates and cash in on-a pile of Euro waiting for that much rr him overseas. Quarterback Chris Leak, who rewrote the UF freshanybody says, man record book in 2003, trotted off the practice field q L Tuesday and immediately held an impromptu press conference at The Swamp Restaurant. Dressed in full pads, Leak announced his intentions during a live SportsCenter broadcast. As a big screen television played the telecast in the However, currE background, Leak expressed his desire to play with the New Orleans Sain very best competition on the planet. ideas. And while the American version of the NFL may "I'm not going have been enticing to the 19-year-old, experts agree said. "Am I pisse that the most talented players in the world play in the pinnacle of my ci NFL Europe. over here to take r Although details formally have not been released, it Utilizing a stra is believed that Leak and his new team, the Frankfurt Clinton Portis, Galaxy, have agreed on a six-year contract worth in boxing match beh excess of $300,000. The deal includes a signing bonus ner of the fight to and incentive packages that could eclipse $1,500. While he was "I don't get it, that doesn't even sound like abound that UF that much money," UF entomology freshman Tiny been contacted 1 Matt Marriott/ Alliptor Staff Babaganoush said. "But I don't care what anybody Crowder fight O' Chis Leak will arrive in Frankfurt today with his eyes set on the says, that's the best 6-win college quarterback ever." After the anno starting position, but he might have a fight on his hands. Former UF basketball player Christian Drejer atUF ADMINISTRATION Retroactive tuition hikes incite peacefu 0 SENIORS WILL HAVE TO PAY $443 IN ORDER TO GRADUATE. By JUSTIN HEMLEPP Alligator Staff Writer jhemlepp@alligator.org More than 800 students gathered in a spontaneous but peaceful sit-in at Tigert Hall Wednesday morning responding to an emergency decision retroactively to increase tuition. The UF Board of Trustees' latenight decision Tuesday was approved by both UF President Bernie Machen and the Florida Legislature, which was in special session to debate secession because of former national counter-terrorism czar Richard Clarke's recent allegations against the Bush administration. The proposal's passage increased undergraduate tuition $29.54 per credit hour. Graduating seniors taking 15 hours now must pay $443.10 by April 20 in order to walk with their class. Underclassmen must pay the increase before they register for another semester at UF. In a press release, UF administration officials indicated a "fierce effort" to nix the proposal from the Trustees' agenda was unsuccessful. The National Enquirer reported Machen wept as he signed off on the Trustees' decision. "Retroactive what? Can we do that?" he reportedly asked while reading the decision dated April 1. As Student Government officials spoke to the crowd -steadily gathering along 13th Street on the Tigert Hall lawn as word of the approved increase spread through campus -a group of more vocal protestors suggested speeches were not conference with Leak, and sources ion believe that his persuasion could :iding factor that led to the quarterer boarded a flight traveling from furt at 5 a.m. and Leak is expected to idquarters shortly upon landing. Galaxy's season begins on Saturday, ects to be the team's starter immedithat doesn't even sound like noney. But I don't care what that's the best 6-win college quarterback ever." Tiny Babaganoush UF entomology freshman ent starter and third-stringer for the its, J.T. O'Sullivan, might have other to lie," a visibly upset O'Sullivan d off? Of course. This has been the areer and some teenager is headed my job." ategy developed by NFL Pro Bowler 'Sullivan is attempting to arrange a ween Leak and himself with the winstart on Saturday. unavailable for comment, rumors linebacker Channing Crowder has by Leak regarding plans to have Sullivan instead of himself. )uncement, UF coach Ron Zook said SEE LEAK, PAGE 3 UF sit-in enough. "This cannot happen," eighthyear home economics senior Showered Clean said. "We're going to Jennings, McCarty, Weimer. We're going to Anderson, Rinker, Turlington, Tigert. Yee-argh." SG administration officials -having previously stated it will not interfere in state politics -declined to comment but did promise SEE TUITION, PAGE 3 Accent to bring top deity; SGP snags Fab Four for concert God and The Beatles both will put in appearances at UF on Friday night, officials in Accent and SGP said. God will speak at the O'Connell Center at 7 p.m. while The Beatles play the stadium. Neither was able to schedule a different time, leaving students with a difficult decision. "Well, we'll finally answer that question," Lennon quipped. Wherasked to comment, God said He was bummed He would have to miss the moptops' performance. But He planned to cut his speech short to get in "a good 30 minutes with the John, Paul, George and Ringo. "I hope they play 'I am the Walrus,'" He added dreamily when reached for comment at His winter home in Boca. 8 The ACC officials of last season's UFFSU football game have retracted three crucial calls. Analysts still are uncertain as to how this will affect last year's standings. See story, pg. 29. N Alligator cartoonist Andy Marlette's depiction of puppies and bunnies Monday still managed to cause an uproar of indignation on campus. See letters to the editor, Pg. 29. FORECAST OPINIONS DETOURS CLASSIFIEDS CROSSWORD SPORTS1 1 1 2 LO L4 Snowy L6 97/92 24 Today visit wwwalligator.org --------------- 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 News Today OPEC agrees to cut output target; analysts see higher oil prices ahead VIENNA, Austria (AP) With fuel costs already at uncomfortable levels for consumers, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries took a step that could push prices even higher by announcing Wednesday it would cut its crude-oil production target by 4 percent. OPEC hopes the cut, which takes effect Thursday, will prevent a slide in prices this spring, when the global demand for oil usually slips to a seasonal low. Some analysts said the cut soon could push crude prices above the psychologically important threshold of $40 per barrel, though futures markets fell on Wednesday. The decision also could worsen the pain for U.S. motorists, who have been paying the highest prices in recent years for gasoline. World court says United States must review 51 death penalty cases of Mexicans THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) -The world court ordered Are you tired of all that 100 million trees must be cut down every year to help provide the paper fo magazines, catalogs and junk mail resulting in 40 million tons of paper clogging the landfills each year. Junk mail is one of the most difficult papers to recycle. It is deeply inked and colored. The process takes a large amount of water and chemicals. The slurry formed after this process is nothing more that industrial waste. GET RID OF IT! Write to the address below and have national junk mail stopped: Mail Preference Service Direct Marketing Association 6 East 43rd St. FORECAST TODAY SUNNY 69/42 *YAO 'JC'3 .q YqqAH FRIDAY SUNNY 74/47 the United.States Wednesday to review the death penalty cases of about 51Mexicanis, including one scheduled to die May 18 in Oklahoma, saying their right to consular assistance was violated. The ruling by the International Court of Justice could mean a reprieve or another chance of appeal for dozens of Mexican prisoners. It also could have implications for other foreign citizens who were not told they could receive help from their governments and are being held in U.S. prisons. The State Department has not responded to the ruling, and officials in Oklahoma and Texas, where three of the Mexican inmates are on death row, said no immediate action was being taken in those cases. It was the second time the SATURDAY SUNNY 78/49 SUNDAY SUNNY 80/52 MONDAY SUNNY 75/50 highest U.N. court has ruled the United States broke the 1963 Vienna Convention, which protects foreigners accused of serious crimes. In 2001, Arizona ignored a court order to stay the execution of a German citizen. Although the court specifically dealt with the cases of roughly 51 Mexicans, it cautioned the principle should apply to all foreigners imprisoned for serious crimes. There currently are 121 foreign citizens on U.S. death row, according to the Death Penalty Information Center, and 55 are Mexican. It would be wrong to assume the court's conclusions "in the present judgment do not apply to other foreign nationals finding themselves in similar situations in the United States," the ruling by a 15-member panel stated. CA. C in 2OR.9 ipioe Jmit OneCmqpn tPer. Fte. away f.oamusan the & Spice nd cothermunit oe ..OU MVC (WW"4136 X. m"'-1 61i4 Oaindsai l.FT 32605 Tu. a.-9 1 ow PCEadPLAEt OF learn!LO Four Olis hLERNINGChoe 5 lFoed:DA Open to UF students away from campus and students from other universities and community colleges.... Enroll in one of the following Summer Semester courses and earn credit toward your bachelor's degree.* Set your own PACE and PLACE to learn! Four Online Courses to'Choose From: e Preparing for Careers in Psychology e Abnormal Psychology e Psychology of Personality e Eating Disorders Courses fill quickly-Enroll today! Website: www.distancelearning.ufl.edusch/ Phone: 800-327-421 xr 213.-(tollfre4)z o& 392-2137 ex 13 (local) E-mail: RegisterPsy' dce.vfl.edu *UF students should consult the l04 co descriptions for appropriate prerequ proval from their academic institution To learn more about distancpr available from UF, please visit: www.dist A i iceeamn.ngu~.eu u the independent florid& alligator VOLUME 97 ISSUE 131 ISSN 0889-2423 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Cameron Ackroyd Managing I Managing Editor) Assistant Edito Assistant Uni% FreE Op Ed Assistant Det Assistant DE Assistant Copy Senior WE New Editor/Print Laura Merritt / New Media Steven Erickson r New Media Alex Bayevsky Sports Editor Gregg Girvan Sports Editor Brian Shaffer Metro Editor Staci Zavattaro versity Editor Emily Seawell lance Editor Jasmine Rangel ,inions Editor Sarah Anderson litorial Board Cameron Ackroyd, Claudia Adrien, Sarah Anderson, Warren Kagarise, Laura Merritt, Nick Weidenmiller, James VanLandingham Photo Editor Nick West Photo Editor Megan V. Winslow -tours Eoitors Josh Leeper, Jason Venture etours Editor Ryan Major Art Director Nichole Wilson Art Directors Michael Friedman, Andy Marlette Desk Chiefs Tom Gries, Natalie Liem, Tessie Olivera, Kelly-Anne Suarez Copy Editors Deborah Ball, Chris Berger, David Caughell, Carley Felton, Stephanie Fraiman, Stephanie Garry, Christine Hale, Casey Johnson, Eva Kis, Margarita Sarmiento, Dena Sheryl Setzer, Brandy Stearns, Claudine Wilson, Erika Wise Staff Andrew Abramson, Ashley Barwig, Justin Hemlepp, Kristen Kridel, Dwayne Robinson eb Developer Matthew Kelly v Media Staff Gwen Heimburg, Gregg Wishna DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482,800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Brad Smith, bsmith@aligator.org Advertising Office Secretary Lisa Akly, lakly@alligator.org Advertising Office Assistants Marybeth Miller, Barbara Cole, Kara Chase Sales Representatives Kathryn Boughton, Stacey Rosen, Michelle Stewart, William Cuadra, Maggie Peuler, Kari Tarr, Kate Barnes, Joie Sheffield, Melissa Cohen, Abigail Scott, Javier Perez Intern Coordinator Barbara Cole Sales Development Coordinator Laura Lovejoy CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks Leah Zissimopulos, Bethany O'Neill, Merab-Michal Favorite, Marianne Cooper CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckearnan@aliigator.org Operations Assistants Shahab Nabavi, Joey Florio BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Delia Kradolfer, dkradolfer@alligator.org Accounts Receivable Supervisor Joe Gandolif, jgandolff@alligator.org Student Accounting Clerks Brandon Edwards, Shaad Rehman, Daniel Peterson, Micah ;Iodgers ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org Assistant General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, Imcgowan@alligator.org Student Public Relations Assistant Megan Henry PRODUCTION Production Manager Vern Bean, vbean@alligator.org Assistant Production Manager Debi Jones, djones@alligator.org Advertising Production Staff Shira Pinsker, Ilissa Prenner, Marisa Kopa, Shana Langfur, Heather Frank, Elizabeth Houston, Joelle Seligson, Amy Pierce Editorial Production Staff Stephanie Gocklin, Jennifer LaBrie, Jenny Pine, Ashley Knaus. The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc., P.O..BOx 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) Summer Semester Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) Full Year (All Semesters) $18 $10 $35 $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W. University Ave. • advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for holidays. Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. Copyright 2001. All rights reserved. No portion of The C iiedator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communica tions Inc.cosnofaofie NY NY 10017 Source: "Let's Talk Trash, Big Blue's Guide to Garbage," City of Gainesville. F 

PAGE 3

I HAPPY APRIL FOOLS' DAYE0 the independent florida Not officially associated with the University of Florida VOLUME 97 ISSUE 131 Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida We Inform. You Decide. THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 Iraq strikes kill nine Iraqi mob drags bodies in streets THE ASSOCIATED PRESS FALLUJAH, Iraq -In a scene reminiscent of Somalia, frenzied crowds dragged the burned, mutilated bodies of four American contractors through the streets of a town west of Baghdad on Wednesday and strung two of them up from a bridge after rebels ambushed their SUVs. Five U.S. soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division also were killed when a bomb exploded under their M-113 armored personnel carrier north of Fallujah, making it the bloodiest day for Americans in Iraq since Jan. 8. The four contract workers were killed in Fallujah, a Sunni Triangle city about 35 miles west of Baghdad -scene to some of the worst violence on both sides of the conflict since the beginning of the American occupation a year ago. Chanting, "Fallujah is the graveyard of Americans," residents cheered after the grisly assault on two four-wheel-drive civilian vehicles left both SUVs in flames. Residents in Fallujah said insurgents attacked the contractors with small arms fire and rocket-propelled grenades. After the attack, a jubilant crowd of civilians -none of whom appeared to be armed -gathered to celebrate, dragging the bodies through the street and hanging two of them from the bridge. Many in the crowd were excited young boys who shouted slogans in front of television cameras. The Associated Press Television News pictures showed one man beating a charred SEE IRAQ, PAGE 8 STUDENT LIFE Carnival clues UF into Pride events By MEGAN SEERY Alligator Writer mseeryaalligator.org In honor of Pride Awareness Month, Pride Student Union will bring to campus gay former Congresswoman Sabrina Sojourner, media person-J. ality Charles Perez and a moon bounce. Organizers say they hope to have some fun but also look forward to the educational lectures. "[Sojourner] was the first open lesbian to be elected to the United States Congress," PSU President Allison Andrews said. "She will talk about building bridges across differences including race, gender and sexual orientation." Pride Awareness Month should appeal to the overall student body, she said, because of the diverse array of speakers, such as theologist and media personality Perez. Perez will speak Monday at 7 p.m. in the Reitz SEE PRIDE, PAGE 10 Students compete to design future building projects By CLAIRE MITCHEL Alligator Writer cmitchell@alligator.org Some got only two hours of entire weekend. But the nervous giggles an whispers that preceded the a ment of the winners made t worth it -that and $900. "One of the biggest groups are the studen wanted the students included in the proc( Marti School of Architecture Dir UF's School of Architecture s a design contest during the w brainstorm concepts for two planned to be constructed for t "We're trying to feed into cess the views of the users," Architecture Director and Martha Kohen said. LL "One of the biggest user groups are the students. We wanted the students to be included in the process." Both proposed sites are parking lots f sleep the -one on campus and one downtown. Kohen said the school is not literally id excited taking these sites, as the plans are not nnouncefinalized. he ordeal "We're taking this exploratively to see what it would be like if there was a building here," she said. user Twelve groups of students entered Its. We projects that tackled one of the sites. Students centered their work on design to be themes dubbed the sandbox, the vessel ess." and the courtyard. ha Kohen This type of contest is called a charrector and lette. Visiting associate professor Charlie Hailey described a charlette as being an professor intense, short time-period for a design. The plans created in the outcome of this charlette are concepts for the sponsored architect who will be designing the two eekedngst buildings. buildings "It's very speculative," Hailey said. he school. "That's the idea of a sketch project. It's Sthe po really to generate excitement and inves-, Schoolsof tigate some of the concepts." SEE ARCHITECTURE, PAGE 10 Matt Marnlott/ Alligator Staff School of Architecture Director Martha Kohen announces the winning designs for new buildings on campus In the current Architecture Building's atrium Tuesday afternoon. Georgia gay-marriage ban approved on second vote, now heads to ballots ATLANTA (AP) -The Georgia If voters agree, the state constitution House gave final approval to a gaywould say Georgia will not recognize marriage ban in the state constitution any same-sex unions -even those perWednesday, approving the change 122formed in other states. 52 after hours of tense debate. Gay marriage already is illegal, but The amendment narroWiy) was the matter is not addressed in the state defeatedby the Democratic Hous6 last constitution. month, although it breezed through the Amendment supporters, some of Republican-controlled Senate. them quotifig Bible verses, said a law The vote sends the amendment alone would not prevent a judge from to voters for final approval this fall. allowing same-sex couples to marry. N Armed with a kitchen knife, a 13-year-old girl entered Westwood Middle School and threatened another student Tuesday, officials said. See story, Pg. 9. Today FORECAST OPINIONS DETOURS CLASSIFIEDS CROSSWORD SPORTS 11 19 25 26 ~' PU ~ Sunny 69/42 visit www.aUiltor.org WIN i I C i!! i ii I 

PAGE 4

4',ALtfUATOEU THURSDAY, APRHJ-IL 2004 Fans sign petition decrying ticket-lottery system ONE UPSET FAN STARTED THE ONLINE PETITION. By CORRINE MULLINS Alligator Contributing Writer Football season isn't for another five months, but some students already are upset. Trying to win a lottery to get football tickets has led one UF student to start a petition. Self-proclaimed, die-hard Gator fan Bryan Kelley, 20, started an online petition addressed to the University Athletic Association after a friend mentioned the idea to him. "I was really pissed off that they were doing a lottery system," Kelley said. He said there is not a specific number of signatures needed to make a change in the lottery system, but he now has more than 1,300. Kelley said he told UAA officials why he thinks the new system is a bad idea, and he said they agreed with him. He said the officials told him it was BellSouth that had a problem with the old system. According to the UAA, BellSouth said people weren't able to dial 911 in Gainesville during the time people were calling for football tickets. Elizabeth Wilson, a UF student and a season-ticket holder for the past two years, said the UAA had bad timing for students but good timing for them. Wilson said the UAA instated the lottery just before everyone left for Spring Break, so there was no way students could do anything about it. Wilson, who also went to the UAA to complain about the lottery, said she was told Student Body President Kyle Jones was part of the decision to implement the lottery. Kelley and Wilson said they think the lottery system is the worst possible option, and the phone system was much better. "Anyone can register for the lottery," Kelley said. "People who don't care wouldn't call." NEED EXTRA VACATION MONEY FREE DENTAL SCREENING $150 per procedure for patients who qualify & participate as a patient in the June dental licensing examination. TO SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 374-8131 IN BIG LOTS & ASHLEY'S FURNITURE SHOPPING CENTER. MUST BE 18 YO. NOT PREGNANT AND HAVE AT LEAST 20 NATURAL TEETH TO PARTICIPATE DN0011217 0DL10c1 2442 N. MAIN ST. I N. MAIN ST. NW. 23 Wilson was upset that her room. mates -who wouldn't have called to get tickets -registered for the lottery because it was easy. Wilson said UAA officials said they didn't expect more than 25,000 students to register for the roughly 20,000 available football seats. Kelley said he thinks the petition "has raised awareness," and he hopes it will have an impact on next year's system. AJPTERNATOR & STARTER BATTERIES 'p 318-440 $5.00 off a 4 year battery .,An J nsphu a ove, storyE Jos hua sancbz, IND tEWI R E INVESTING ISN'T ROCKET SCIENCE. WHICH EXPLAINS WHY WE HELP SO MANY ROCKET SCIENTISTS, Putting a rover on Mars is quite a feat. So is preparing for retirement and your child's tuition while paying today's bills. That's why so many forward thinkers turn to TIAA-CREF for down-to-earth answers. Contact us. After all, when it comes to something as important as your financial future, a little bit of expertise can cro a long way, TIAA-CREF.org or call 800-842-2776 Find out more about TIAA-CREF IRAs and our other tax-smart financial solutions _Wanagincr moneyfor ptoplt% with other things to t'Imk abo i4 r. RET PENIENT ;iSURANCE i MUTUAL FUNDS 1 CCOLLFGH Skl/,!Nf '_ You should consider the Investment objectives, risks. Ch3rg-_ _c cai-efully before investing. Please call 877-518-9161 for a contains thiS 31-iCY other information. Please read .1,1?e prosp'l-c""i tiefore -CREF Ind v dua! Inst 4 ;ticn'-,, s e cu i t I E Wr P'C C linsuanre and Anrl ty Ass -_, 2 Applications are available at Orion Fitness or online at www.ufpremed.org/easc -.-a. .I.T A ,.0 4 2 2 2 Pr. ......1 ... ... .,-......................... -, ..< .r .r .e 2 4 a .. F-o : -, .a .-o abowtuan san tf d Please help UF's Pre-Medical American Medical Student Association (AMSA) raise funds for the Equal Access Clinic of Gainesville at the Eq access > Saturday, April 3, 2004 Corner of NW 69th St. & NW 11th Pl. 8:00 am (Behind North Florida Regional Medical Center) Running for the helIof 'Samoate Support those in need, bid in the silent auction and enjoy free refreshments! 

PAGE 5

Am FAPH I W UF worker retires 'after 23 years Co-workers share thanks, praise By KRISTEN KRIDEL Alligator Staff Writer kkridel@alligator.org UF's Wizard of Oz, who ran the president's office from behind a curtain for. nearly 20 years, retired Wednesday, said Jack Battenfield, director of Research Programs/ Services. Key administrators, such as President Bernie Machen and Athletics Director Jeremy Foley, gathered to wish Vera Hartsuch farewell at her retirement party Wednesday afternoon. Hartsuch, who has worked at UF for 23 years, sat down at Machen's request when co-workers stepped toward the lecture to share their gratitude and praise for the retiree. "What we're going to say will knock you off your feet," Machen said. Hartsuch had a hand in organizing commencement ceremonies, football games, receptions and luncheons, Battenfield said. "Our motto was, 'If you can't get it done from 9 to 5, work longer,"' he said. She knew the spelling of every graduate's name, who to invite to football games and the dietary restrictions of every official UF visitor, Battenfield said. "This university was a better place because of the respect Vera had for others," he said to the packed room in the University Auditorium. "When I think of Vera, I think of her natural grace ... She was a class act." Machen, clad in a baby-blue suit, presented Hartsuch with the President's Medallion. The President's Medallion is a 2 1/2 inch medal awarded for outstanding service or contributions to the university. This was the first President's Medallion Machen has distributed since taking office. Hartsuch deserves it, he said. She has worked with every president since Marshall Criser. "That's one of the nicest things ever," Hartsuch said of the award. "It's overwhelming." Hartsuch's daughter, Janet Perez, said her mother was worried no one would come to the party. Everyone at the party said they never had seen such a large turnout. "This university was a better place because of the respect Vera had for others. When I think of Vera, I think of her natural grace ... She was a class act." Jack Battenfleld director of Research Programs/ Services Five years ago, Hartsuch received a retirement countdown clock, coworker Lois Ivanko said. Hartsuch gleefully would announce the time she had remaining to anyone who would listen. "Today that clock runs out," Ivanko said. r Ivanko presented' Hartsuch with a new clock. This one had no hands and represented a timeless and stress-free retirement. "Every day is going to seem the same as yesterday," Ivanko said. Hartsuch said she plans to travel now that she will have some time for herself. "The president's office has been like a family," she said as she listed the names of her co-workers. "I'm going to miss this very much. I'm going to miss all my family." Haircut for $4.99 Butler Plaza in Publix Center Next door to Dockside Imports Monday-Friday 9 am to 9 pm Saturday 9 am to 6 pm Sunday 11 am to 4 pm 352-336-0650 I. a I I Attention Applications for 2004-05 Student Traffic Court Justices are now being accepted. If you want to have an impact on campus parking, then pick up an application at the Transportation and Parking Services office or in the Reitz Union on the third floor. D-ueby. 4:o,00pm onM onday,April2 For successful applcants inteview s w ill be held on Friday, A If what happened on your inside happened' on your outside, would you still smoke? Learn not to burn. Elabeth Shuik / ,Allaor Staff President Bernie Machen speaks at Vera Hartsuch's retirement ceremony Wednesday in the University Auditorium. 4. Haircut Coupon Required E)x ofi Dat April 4,2004 I -q m AL a ik IlL 46 -Ai; & 4L b A&. qw 'it pril 23rd. 

PAGE 6

6, ;AAtIdA'O ltJRSjAY, APRt 1,dOr Editorial 1984 or 2004? Bush will protect Homeland from evildoers On this April 1, we endorse the Dear Leader, George W. Bush, for re-election. The Dear Leader has led the Homeland through times of trouble and crisis, and if the world is to become a safer place, we must give Him four more years -at least. If we do not, we place ourselves in grave danger. The Dear Leader has proven Himself to be a Man of His word, courageously leading the Homeland and battling off the cold-blooded killers and brutal dictators who close in on us like clouds in a gathering storm. The Dear Leader has shown the world that the Homeland is far superior to the lesser nations of the world. His refusal to bow down to the weak-kneed united nations shows his strength in a dangerous age. The eurocrats asked us to restrict the emissions of the greenhouse gases that power our mighty factories and to seek their permission before destroying our brutal foes. But the Dear Leader's voice thundered "No!" in the halls of the pathetic assembly of lesser nations. There are a myriad of reasons why we endorse the Dear Leader. We are good and dutiful citizens who wish strength to the Homeland. The Dear Leader is strong. After the horrific attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, He squandered no time in claiming the mantle of War President, with all the extraordinary powers the office provides. Would bill clinton have had the strength to lock up thousands of citizens on secret evidence with no access to lawyers or their families? We think not. The Dear Leader also has strengthened the economy of the Homeland. His economic policy gave us tax relief, because individual citizens of the Homeland know better how to spend their money than the government, especially when it comes to AIDS research and highway construction. To create jobs, he has freed up thousands of positions by removing reservists from them and sending them to protect the Homeland in a variety of god-forsaken hellholes. He also has outsourced many positions to lesser nations, whose cheaper labor allows our mighty corporations to expand without regulation. john kerry, on the other hand, is a dangerous Massachusetts flip-flopper who will raise our taxes to finance liberal plots such as providing immunizations to low-income children. When kerry was young, he betrayed the Homeland by speaking out against the Vietnam War, dangerously undermining the Homeland's national security. His dissent -in a time of war -is appalling, and his patriotism is suspect. Especially after the horrific attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, the* Homeland simply cannot afford to entrust its national security to such a dangerous Massachusetts flip-flopper -who will raise our taxes. We must be united in our support of the Dear Leader, who has made the Homeland strong, The lesser nations of the world fear us, and rightly so. Woe unto those evildoers who defy the strength of the Homeland and incur its righteous wrath. But now the Homeland must do its part. We must re-elect the Dear Leader, or pay for our insolence in blood. May the Dear Leader ride to victory as we shout his slogan together -War is Peace, Slavery is Freedom, Ignorance is Strength. theaindependent florida alligators Cameron Ackroyd EDITOR Laura Merritt MANAGING EDITOR Sarah Anderson OPINIONS EDITOR Claudia Adrien, Warren Kagarise James VanLandingham Nick Weidenmiller EDITORIAL BOARD The Alligator encourages comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about one letter-sized page). They must be typed, double-spaced and must include the author's name, classificaion and phone number. Names will be withheld if the writer shows just cause. We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, style and libel. Send letters to lettersOalligator.org, bing them to 1105 W. University Ave., or send them to RO. Box 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604-2257.Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial Opinions ALLIGATOR www.aIIigator.org/opinions US1A 1I96OAS LkLM Readers' Advocate Concerned readers turn to advocate s readers' advocate, it is my job to listen to disgruntled readers who are irritated by what they read in the Alligator. This week has been particularly active. I was called into action Monday after readers were angered and hurt by Dale Griffin's Monday c6lumn about Islam. Concerned about the column's negativity toward the religion, about a dozen readers stopped by the Alligator to speak with me. Readers also e-mailed me to vent their frustration. Irate readers felt Griffin misrepresented Muslims and the history of their behavior by stereotyping them as a whole, based on isolated incidents from the past decade or so. These readers said Griffin was putting all Muslims into one category by combining political issues involving Palestine and Israel with the Islamic religion. All of the readers I spoke to noted every religion has isolated incidents, and no other religion ever is stereotyped-by those incidents. The group also said Griffin promoted hatred in his column, which made them fearful of retaliation by fellow students. They said the columnist made general claims and accusations, but he never-backed them up with facts. Readers who contacted me strongly believed the column was full of misinformation, and there was a total lack of support for any of Griffin's claims. One upset reader I spoke to said she feared ignorant people would look at her and feel she would want to kill them, because Griffin stated in his column that all Muslims want to kill people. Another reader was so angered by the column that she labeled Griffin's column "a terrorist act against us." Readers also were disturbed about Griffin's personal view that Islam is a religion of hate, while these readers maintain that Islam is a religion of peace. Many of the readers I spoke to demanded an apology The views expressed here are not Reader response Today's question: Did you play any practical jokes for April Fools' Day? from the Alligator and from Griffin. Others suggested the Alligator should form a panel consisting of a black, a Jew, an Arab and a Hispanic to help fact-check any information writers or columnists are Amy Perlman unsure of when they write articles Readers' Advocate about religious or racial issues. This would ensure that Alligator advocate@alligator.org writers would not make any mistakes on sensitive issues on which they may not be well-informed. Readers also suggested the Alligator present both sides of sensitive issues together, as it often does with its "Viewpoints" section. By having both sides of a subject next to each other, readers would be able to decide for themselves which aspect they agree with, rather than having only one side presented at a time. Opinion writers frequently irritate and infuriate readers with their views. That is the inevitable result of taking a side in any controversy. A good argument typically is supported by enough facts to give readers a valid reason to.support that viewpoint. In the case pf Griffin's column, it is clear the writer has strong opinions, but it is equally clear readers find these opinions to be unsupported by specific, accurate documentation from the Quran and misrepresentative of the Muslim religion. However, Griffin maintains his interpretation of the Quran is correct. He will be available to chat with readers in an online forum next week. More information will be provided Monday in the "Viewpoints" section. Amy Perlman, a journalism senior, is the Alligator Readers' Advocate. necessarily those of the Alligator. Wednesday's question: Should 84% YES President Machen promote a sustainable campus? 16% NO 4m" t I YO' vte or Post a message at wwwaligator org I 104 TOTAinL. vv, 

PAGE 7

Op-Ed Art Nichole Wilson / Alligator Staff Confident, outgoing stud on summer break needed help our firm invest in Florida real estate mar Great pay, full training. I tions all over the state. G resume builder. Buying,. selling. Mooring Financial Corpor Step straight into a job after exams. lents 9 Leansto bid at real J to estate auctions the Opportunities rket. throughout the state ocie Two paid training ood sessions not Jobs run mid-May thru mid-June ration 866-404-4200 Pick your own trading location: Jacksonville, Palm Beach, Tampa, or Tallahassee. All will be held the week of May 17th. at II U4' I~UP ILU~7I'Jtm 4~. ~' J~LI~I ~.t. JL~'5' .. ~ HEALTH INSURANCE "Students need Health Insurance. Help protect yourself from the rising cost of medical services. You deserve quality health insurance coverage, and it is available for you. We at Chip Williams & Associates will help you acquire that insurance." Chip Wiliams WE FIND ANSWERS. CHIP WILLIAMS & ASSOCIATES A Contracted General Agency For: E BlueCross BlueShield of Florida F orN Cums md Ei e1 8a3-59aa Form Number:. 18533-599SU Indepndent Insurance Agents 373-0775 3669 S.W. 2nd Avenue ___ _ I ( *O0nJD!t1kE3ua "L $4__,EE VEiU w ,-.-, 41 11 1 Im 0 

PAGE 8

8; ALIGATOR THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 Attacks mark bloodiest day for Americans in Iraq since January w Aiti l ti rrL1Lhn pqrase IRAQ, from page 1 corpse with a metal pole. Others tied a yellow rope to a body, hooked it to a car and dragged it down the main street of the town. Two blackened and mangled corpses were hung from the green, iron bridge that spans the Euphrates River. "The people of Fallujah hung some of the bodies on the old bridge like slaughtered sheep," resident Abdul Aziz Mohammed said. Some corpses were dismembered, he said. The White House blamed terrorists and remnants of Saddam Hussein's former regime for the "horrific attacks" on the American contractors. "It is offensive. It is despicable the way these individuals have been treated," White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan said. Referring to the planned June 30 transfer of sovereignty to Iraqis, McClellan said "the best way to honor those that lost their lives" is to continue with efforts to bring democracy to Iraq. State Department spokesman Adam Ereli said the contractors, all men, "were trying to make a difference and to help others." U.S. officials did not identify the dead or the nature of their work because the next of kin had not yet been notified. However, early evidence indicated they worked for Blackwater Security Consulting, a company based in Moyock, N.C., the company said in a statement. Abdel Kader Saadl / APr noto A vehicle burns in Fallujah, west of Baghdad, Wednesday. Residents said the gunmen attacked the two civilian cars. The vehicles were set on fire, and the occupants died. The security firm hires former military members from the United States and other countries to provide security training and guard services. In Iraq, the company was hired by the Pentagon to provide security for convoys that delivered food in the Fallujah area, according to the company statement' The abuse and mutilation of the contractors' corpses was similar to the scene more than a decade ago in Somalia, when a mob dragged corpses of U.S. soldiers through the streets of Mogadishu -eventually leading to the American withdrawal from the African nation. The images were broadcast worldwide and became the subject of the book and movie "Black Hawk Down." On Wednesday, a man held a printed sign wlmn aSK11diuL, 2,,,,ovbu.o b u ,iePnrase "'Tallujah is the cemetery for Americans" beneath the blackened corpses after they were pulled from the vehicles. One body was tied to a car that had a poster in its window of Sheik Ahmed Yassin, the founder of the Palestinian militant group Hamas who was assassinated by the Israeli military in Gaza City. One resident displayed what appeared to be dog tags taken from one body. "It is offensive. It is despicable the way these individuals have been treated." Scott McClellan White House press secretary Residents also said there were weapons in the targeted cars. APTN showed an American passport near a body and a U.S. Department of Defense identification card belonging to another man. Some of the slain contractors were wearing flak jackets, resident Safa Mohammedi said. In Baghdad, Brig. Gen. Mark Kimmitt said the coalition would not be deterred from its mission to rebuild Iraq, and numerous reconstruction projects were moving forward nationwide, though attention was focused on the attacks. The roadside bomb that killed the five American soldiers Wednesday was in Malahma, 12 miles northwest of Fallujah, where anti-U.S. insurgents are active. Od We Phtos..Iopii norKe> ain Keepers l10-pm.uSUOdFloo Locals Night featrirMy Fwodrit54ncer, Swayze,'Ma Edison 00M O an n Be Beatles.".yf:"J. Soutwest Rec Center Open till 2am WMdtid Breakfast in the Food Court Gator Well, Reitz Union Second Floor, 9pm-2am SBe SaW Use Lator Gator or SNAPI Far h wohla w ..Nbm i e onfact the ofte. ajShndeoAc#Wes of 391IU IMMI SpeclaiHm f a t W I Dlvii f Iherealon and Spabm anWIe Ceg of Heaflh and Hum Pmefmme. For persons witlisabilities requiring special accommoions, please contact 392-1665 x 330 or (TDD), orne-mal acconm toda ii contact the Flonda Relay syaem atfl955-8771 at least 72 hours flbnt. As an engineer in the U.S. there's you v work on. (Seriously, we can't telL -Lyou.) United States Air Force applied technology is years ahead of what you'LL touch in the private sector, and as a new engineer you'LL LikeLy be involved at the ground Level of new and sometimes classified developments. You'LL begin Leading and managing within this highly respected group from day one. Find out what's waiting behind the scenes for you in the Air Force today. To request more information, caLL 1-800-423-USAF or Log on to airforce.com. U.S. AIR FORCE CROSS INTO THE BLUE Air Force, no telling what 

PAGE 9

-----~-.~--~. *,. -----~ -TUURSDAY AP8L,1,20 Knife crime curbed N OFFICIALS SAY PUPIL BROUGHT KNIFE TO SCHOOL. By JUSTIN HEMLEPP Alligator Staff Writer jhemlepp@alligator.org Armed with a large kitchen knife, a 13-year-old girl entered Westwood Middle School on Tuesday and threatened to cut the throat of another student, officials said. The seventh-grader brandished the weapon at several students while searching for a boy who, on Monday, shared aloud the contents of a note she wrote, said James TenBieg, Westwood's principal. The two engaged in a "verbal dispute" during the Monday incident, broken up by Westwood Resource Deputy Denise Scott, he said. The Alligator has chosen not to disclose the suspect's name, and officials have declined to identify the other students involved because of their ages. The girl -who's being held in the Alachua County Juvenile Detention Center -had just moved to Gainesville from Tallahassee, TenBieg said. She only had been at the middle school for 17 days. Two female students alerted Scott to the armed girl, who was standing in front of the deputy's office, and reported she wanted to "cut his throat," referring to the boy from Monday's dispute. Scott found the knife in a nearby garbage can, said Jim Troiano, Alachua County Sheriff's Office spokesman. The girl is charged in having a weapon on a school campus. No injuries were reported. TenBieg spoke proudly of the two girls who notifed Scott, and officials said they probably will be publicly awarded next week. ELECTION 2004 Green Party pres. candidate makes campaign trip to UF By GIANNINA SMITH 7 ljgator Contributing Writer In an appearance planned less than a week ago, students gathered in a Reitz Union meeting room to listen to the man seeking the Green Party presidential nomination. Wearing a Green Party button on his jacket, David Cobb told the audience he would concentrate his political efforts on local politics and expanding the party "I want to be part of an energetic campaign that is focused at the local level," Cobb said. Cobb became involved in politics while he was in college and worked for both Jesse Jackson and Jerry Brown when they sought the Democratic presidential nomination. "Let me share with you what I learned on those campaigns," Cobb said. "The Democratic Partypresidential primary process is the place where progressive politics goes to die." Cobb said he strongly opposes President Bush and believes he should not win the upcoming election. "He didn't win the [last] election," Cobb said. "George Bush was involved in what can only properly be called a judicial coup d'etat, and shame on Al Gore for not fighting for the election that he won." Cobb also calls for a change in the social, political and economic system of the country and said the Green Party is the only party that has a plan to change it. "The real problem is that this system has us on a suicide death march," Cobb said. Dave Chermak, the vice "I want to be part of an energetic campaign that is focused at the local level." David Cobb Green Party presidential candidate president of the Environmental Action Group at UF, said Cobb spoke well, and he now feels more informed about his position. "I am glad to see he is focused on local politics and building the Green party," Chermak said. But in the 2004 election, Chermak's vote may go elsewhere. "In the election, I am definitely going to support Kerry," he said. $ii 4."2 Lighted Tennis Courts -ape, .................. .................. Pool/Raquet Ball Courts • Fitness Center GREAT SALARIES Large Gourmet Kitchen* Screened Patio & Balcony. Washer/Dryer Connections ,,om/board/travel 6/17 -81I13, Pet Friendly & Great for Roommates For more information & to applyI Id MAH-KEE-NC wwwcxnpmkn comrf (os -M0075-9118 IDANSE vww.4nbe.Cor ..)1400-392-3752 50rS 7S 50 S7 T GINSVLE 3245 The captivating, fun, exciting spirit that came to be known as "Beatlemania" is alive again in the Returnthe world's most authentic and entertaining Beatles tribute band! THE Soudhwst Rec Center Open till 2am A profal P bythe Rdtz Ufli n See www.unkoufl.edu/gatomlghts for mom ewts 'kdft Breakfast in the Food Court Geldo Well, Reitz Union Second Floor, 9pm-2am For persons wit liabilities requing Be Sakil Us Lator Gator or SNAPII special accommoons, please contact Fr hwarh Al*e n p a .con ctf ie 392-165 x 30 or x f ), or s-m n 011c a SkVW AcvEss atrf M 5 Iactcth Sp cia thti to NsDmion of kIcrafion B Florlda o sel at 7 at San€W Spe um sse @ s acdlh and72 hours st. an Sps WInC~0 HMO pride awareness april month 2004 IapriI 2 For special accommodations, contact Disability Affairs Cabinet, seventy two (72) hours in advance. pride awareness month 2004 f b / funirded by student government 1 pride not prejudice .. .... .." E W-, p. .-..-. ~ ~ -, Welcome Students! You are warmly invited to join Campus Church for our Easter Worship Service on April 11. A hearty brunch and fun activities for children will follow the service. 8:00AM -April 11 Kanapaha-Botanical Gardens 4700 SW 58 Dr. (Off Archer Rd.) Telephone: 352-378-1471 I Sawk IF 0 

PAGE 10

10, -ALLIGATOR M THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 Gay lawmaker to speak at UF PRIDE, from page 1 Union Rion Ballroom about overcoming internalized homophobia. PSU chose to start the month with a carnival, because the upbeat environment allows students to have fun while learning. "Sexual orientation isn't the only thing about a person -it's just one aspect," Andrews said. "There's a lot more to it." "It's basically a kickoff for Pride to get people to have a little fun, to .draw them out and let them know, 'Hey, it's Pride :1 GNERA NUTITIN CE S25% ORF any one ONO Product Cannot be combined Need coup o. 39148SW Archer Rd -ButlerPlz Daily Specials 377-6020 Exp. 4/21104* MIST WANTED ....... ... ..... Quinton Darnell Jones Black Male (DOB 12/20/78); 5'11", 160 lbs, Black Hair, Brown Eyes Wanted for: Felony violation of Probation for aggravated child abuse. CR 3T ST'OPPERS Call 1352.) 372-STOP Awareness Month,"' she said. Aside from the moon bounce, the carnival will include a ball pit, super slide, bungee run, obstacle course and "tons of free food," Andrews said. In addition to recreation, students Sojouner who attend the carnival can pick up Pride Awareness Month promotional materials to learn about other Pride.events and issues. Courtyard-based design ARCHITECTURE, from page 1 Salvatore Gomes' team, which tied for first place for the off-campus site, used the concept of the courtyard for its project. "The courtyard, in a way, is a means to gather the public," said Gomes, a first-year architecture graduate student. "It's a hinge, in a way, between the school and the public, between the faculty and the students." The teams not only had to focus on the building Student Government 1i IE 1 12004-2005 Prices starting at $380 a month. 4 Friends, 4 Bedrooms, I Unforgettable Apartment! Washer & Dryer in Every Apartment -24-hour State-of-the-Art Fitness Center 24-hour Game Room with Pool Table • 24-hour Emergency Maintenance 24-hour Computer Lab'• Electric, Water, Trash & Sewage Included -Free Ethernet in every Bedroom -Free TanningFresh Baked Cookies Daily.• $0 Deposit -$0 Fees -$200 Cash Back -On Bus Route 377-4070 3415 SW 39th Blvd. www.sterlinghousing.com --A WTsITY An SUH Community 411 SUH is a Trademark of SUH Inc. wins students $900 itself, but on how it would interact with its environment. "We really wanted to think about how the-school would react to society as well as how society would react to the school," Gomes said. The off-campus site was situated in the Northwest Sixth Street area. The first-place winners received a $900 prize. Mark Stenson, a first-year architecture graduate student on Gomes' team, said he knew what he would buy with his share. "Lots and lots of beer," he said. "It's always nice to have a lot of beer." PICK YOUR PERSUASION It's everything PEACH at Atlanta Bread Company'. Try our Savannah Salad.or Georgian Sandwich and in our Bakery, our peach pastries, muffins and cheesecake! THE GEORGIAN SANDWICH FREE Dental. Screening (Board Patient Services) Must be at least 18 years old and not pregnant NEED EXTRA SUMMER FUN MONEY? WANT A FREE DENTAL EXAM? NEED FREE DENTAL WORK? (LIMITED) CALL TODAY 335-3579 Friday and Saturday appoirltS 335-3579 Applebee's lOth Ave XI9th Ave University Ave William Herriett, DMD 1230 NW 9th Ave Gainesville, FL Ear Up TO $150 Dental Screening 1OO OFF j ANY FULL SANDWICH PURCHASE* E xcludes Peanut B tter and Jelly sandwoch Coupon e x ires 5/16/04. Offer aid only at i tpatcipat aMata Bread Conlan ~ ,d is oad avaiLa i;ty of product. Not vaild wlth any other offer. One coupon per person per viL Ca she o aionlOOu th of I ce. BOWL FREESOUP WITH PURCHASE OF A FULL SAVANNA .SALAD *Chi not include. B read loa mes ai at addit i al chain Coupon ep(ires 5/16104 Of rv aid Or y a W iP S AMf U Ad I P ocatons aid S ansed on va;abi;ty of coduct. Not ad w ith ny oe ow On ip O L tC o s l .1 EARN UP TO • :. jwho quality) ----i AITMANTA -BREAD ICOMPANY lk 

PAGE 11

ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/detours THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 -0tKow to perform a vasectomy or hysterectomy with a paper clip, a straw and a MacGyver shirt I Naked pictures of hot celebrities m ... and their lesbian trysts 0 More negative use of newspaper space than your average presidential campaign 0 Consistent source of Vitamins F, U, C and K D R'D NYou have Miguel to thank forthis week's Issue of Detours. The editors won an obscene amount of money betting at the cockfights (dirty rednecks), and as such, were busy buying Mal Tais and Thai thighs. .. A BR 0 White House insider leaks, "Bush is constantly coked up, except when drunk" 0 Ronald McDonald dies of super-sized coronary, Grimace and Fry Guys lameht 0 Detours blamed for mid-street orgy .~ -, ..I -" 

PAGE 12

12, AbILIGATORMUTHURSDAY, APRfILt: 2004 How coming' out rectu By TWIGGY JOHNSON Detours Writer OK, I've gone and done it. I've actualized and made a few self-realizations. So, I think I'm ready to get on with this. I am ready to fess up. Ever since my encounter with a gender-challenged sex-worker (the nature of my confession lends itself to political correctness) outside a rundown shanty, I have noticed certain things about myself that somehow.. are different. My taste in clothing, my penchant for personal pampering, the attention my anus now receives ... none of these qualities were as pronounced before my corrupted coitus. What I failed to realize before, but gaspingly grasp now, is the actual impact this erotic encounter left on me. Well, I am ready to say it now: It left me gay. Yes, I am a reformed heterosexual. It is a choice, and now I too am able to proclaim loudly, whether through shouts or signs, "I'm here! I'm qdeer! Get used to it!" Only now, I'm starting to notice a few things about myself. First, I am unable to pronounce the letter "s." I never knew obtaining a lisp was requisite to being gay, but apparently it's in the "Big Book" somewhere (the unwritten book of the Chode, that is). Second, whenever I see any imal of myself, I primp and preen like a 1 year-old girl before a date with th sleazy guy voted "Most likely to 1 involved in a sexual-harassment suj by his senior class. I mean, I used to hate those kin of guys. You know, the type so full themselves they masturbate to mi rors? Now, I just compliment thE adorable, little hair flips and dari use of Neutrogena for Men. Finally though -and most won some -I noticed my sex drive has i creased. I think my count is up to 3 and I only have been gay for a wee Of course, I also have broken up fiN heterosexual marriages, caught a pa ticularly virulent case of ass-worn and cost a local pet store $300 in ge bil-location funds. At this point, I know you're askir yourself, "How? How can someor adopt so many stereotypical traits homosexuality in so little a time?" Well, to that I'll say simply thi It's April Fool's Day, none of this true and all the Conservatives o there bobbing their heads in submi sive foolishness to the sentiments "See, look what happens when tho: ass clowns get their way?" are stf narrow-minded, short-sighted, m0 ally-blind-despite-their-affectation of-character wankers. FAKE NEWS Well-endowed freshman loses winning lottery ticket "Six fucking million r me!" Findit said in a cew last night. "I'm' & ege bullshit! I' ldies and, asking me to sign a petition Lawyers or mollusks or som said. "I never thou i t toughit..it maybe lttle pi e gran dit asks that w .;ticket, return it to owner.' Jhose numbers are mine, ches," he said, adding he has 7aid he He doesn't et is. ell, I bought it at th so picked up some Little Star Crunches and a package Trojan Magnum Extra Large ntimental reasons for eac ana's age, three fc my dog Tinkles ha many hour awesome an that bitc and six for tha lossom,' Find u, students, if you fin, give it back to me," h Balding back a thunderstorm ."Tinkles needs a new leg.' If you haveany brains at all, you'll be aware of the danger of depression. ion is a suppresorain activity that c: qnyone. It's pow-onstant, and it unbearable. It S medicallyy treat-"s something .Id know. -f Suicide 4 TED IV (Permanent Laser Hair Removaf AdvancedSkin Care aence Corner. W use-Midwitery Center Bradford T. Williams, M.D..717 SW 4th Avenue (352)378-2882 A 4 Wellness is the highest quality of life possible. Living a "Helping students explore and create a wellness lifestyle." U) U) a, V ~.1 U) sa U U) aU) w If you drink try this: cut your drinking for two weeks and see how you feel. a, You might like it! asodind pue 3uu U uee 'SdqsuOelaJ 'aMunwwo: Apoq I dale.S Wanted!e • $2100 Room and Board Included *Co-Ed Camp .*7 Weeks (June 7 -July 24) .18 and up Recreational Summer Camp Counselors *Florida Elks Youth Camp -Umatilia, FL *Contact Krys Ragland 800-523-1673 ext 250 in half Sa odiv..j r 

PAGE 13

THURSDAYdAPRILAm J2004's Florida artist depicts creepy, omirsn %eu By JOSH LEEPER Detours Editor Although religious fundamentalism and literalism are dangerous and clearly misguided in all cases, it also can be incredibly humorous. Some choose to dance around with poisonous snakes to show their love for God, others kill abortion doctors. Catholic priests take a vow of abstinence to show their relationship with God is pure and subsequently are driven to homosexual pedophilia. Perhaps you, dear reader, have difficulty appreciating the absurdity and irony of it all, but God would not. Earth is God's "blooper reel," the tape he invites his sarcastic friends over to watch, while enjoying beer and pizza. A particularly shiny gem of religious absurdity can be found at http://members.aol.com/Jesuskmages. Artist Larry Van Pelt of Niceville explains it best: "I was awakened in the middle of the night with a clear, vivid impression that the Lord wanted me to do some special drawings ... depicting ordinary people in their everyday environment ... with one important addition: the presence of Jesus Christ and His involvement in those routine activities." For Van Pelt to obey God's "command," he first had to learn to draw. After years of painstaking work, he drew up several sketches of people doing everyday activities, from a surgeon in surgery to a golfer golfing to a guitarist wailing on his acoustic axe. Then, he found a Jesus-looking model willing to grow a beard and who, "most importantly, was a devoted Christian." I don't understand the rationale there, especially because Jesus himself was certainly not a "devoted Christian." And I love how white people insist on images of a white Jesus. Logic dictates that Jesus would have sun-darkened Semitic features. Anyway, Van Pelt then proceeded to add Jesus to his drawings of ordinary folks -often without any attention to perspective and occasionally even forgetting to draw Jesus' legs -with the message "with you always." The fcanniest part are the jobs Van Pelt chose to illustrate -such as a forest ranger, an insurance agent and a clown -combined with the creepy smile on Jesus' face. It's as if he genuinely is enjoying the antics of the frightening down. Now, beyond the warm, vague notion that Jesus is "with me always," it raises a number of pragmatic concerns. Is Jesus hanging with the majority of the world (the nonChristians, still known in some circles as "heathens") waiting for them to let him into their hearts? Is he gawking leglessly behind prostitutes at work on their knees? When I'm at a Chinese restaurant, and I have to spit a piece of sweet and sour chicken into my napkin because the consistency is perplexing, is Jesus standing behind me, smiling? When a donkey-porn director spends a 14-hour day behind hot lights and piles of hay, does Jesus get bored and leave, or does he stick around "always?" I'm pretty sure if God or Jesus could see Van Pelt's web site, they'd strike him down with lightning or kill his first born son or something. I just hope that when I'm a ghost, I'll have time for something less trivial -such as scaring people and hanging around ladies' locker rooms -than standing around and smiling. In comparison, what would Jesus do? I can assure you, he'd do something more boring than what I would do if I had the power of Jesus. FAKE NEWS Campus preacher beaten within inches of afterlife BY JOSEPH DEMARCO 'Detours Staff He's wasted a whole day by shouting about Jesus until he' hoarse while lugging around his tall, cumbersome sign that lists all the neighbors he doesn't love. Somehow insulting not only everyone's intelligence, but also their lifestyles and all their friends has accomplished frustratingly little of the Lord's work. A campus preacher is taking a break silently to condemn the passing students in the harsh light of his condescending, superficial judgment when a-smooth pimp walks up to him and says flatly: "You'd calm the hell down and stop harassing people if you just got laid once in a while." Years of practice at yelling to sidestep contradictions allows the preacher to repeat: "I will never succumb to the passion of the flesh, and besides that I don't need a puppy." The pimp replies, "If you have second thoughts, I'm working a party at the Betta Tappa Kegga sorority house tonight. And if you're not too busy memorizing the Bible, you should come by and prove it." Now no matter the strength of his faith, any man reaches a breaking point when he's staring at the finely toned abs of a loosely robed statue of the crucified savior while crying on his knees with his-untouchable little tail between his legs in shame. So that night'he walks into the pimp's office, who asks "What are you into? Blondes, dominatrix girls, Chinese girls, Catholic school girls?" "Listen ye sinner, I'm not going to make sex with one of your evil harems. Prostitution is a sin, and I already told you, I don't want a puppy anymore." The pimp tells him to relax and that no one will know. God will know, thinks the preacher, but God has to forgive me anyway so he says: "Alright, I'll take an altar boy." Then a fnoment later, "What the hell do you mean you don't have any altar boys? Fine, give me a Catholic school girl with short hair." He walks into room No. 4 where a lovely girl waits on a bed seductively. "Hey handsome," she says, "so how dirty do you want your pickle tickled?" Though tempted, he turns that offer down and also one for dirty talk and a slob job because priests can't have sex. Before he can sermonize her, she says, "Look, a girl's got to make a living. Potentially good sex is a small price to pay for the freedom to buy what I want. You've never once had sex?" No, he's never given a girl the baloney pony, he has no use for a puppy now, but he did watch sex twice when he was a young boy. He explains: "When I was young my father and I were walking through the park and saw two dogs humping. 'Daddy,' I said, 'what are they doing?' And he says they're making puppies. A week later I walked in on my parents making love and I asked my dad what he was doing to mommy. He said they were making me a baby brother and to close the goddamn door.' "'Well, flip her over,' I said through the door, 'I'd rather have a puppy."' At that moment, two security gorillas burst in, dragged the campus preacher out back, and gave him the cockpunching of his life, but good God, it's better than nothing. Thrilling dance theater from Artistic Director Jacques Heim, I choreographer for Cirque du Soleil... TRAVEL! Reit;z Union i www.statraveI.com I (352) 338.0068 STUDENT TRAVEL &BEYOND www.performingarts.ufl.edu/352-392-ARTS or 800-905-ARTS qopne qyu .are. eave different! '~1i*3& I ~9£~.d --4 -SUPPORT GROUP fOR Adult Adopted Persons ANd Birthparents FOR MORE INFORMATION CAU: Marcia Manning Wils on, Ed.S 378-9531, Flory Antiga Modell, M.S.W. 371-0316 or 376-5186 FFf 1 Ii=anId Pa -i bow WMA 4 

PAGE 14

I A A T TIt AW'%D iM 'T T TDCn AVT A1DTT t I 'VnA -414, ALLI'.-,Kl M I UJI' m I F1U LAtC P IU -IL 1, /I I I..UUI I BARBEcAE CAkw David's Real Pit BBQ The finest Barbecue south of the Mason Dixon line! Voted #1 in Gainesville and listed in "Where the Locals Eat" as best place in Gainesville for Ribs & BBQ. David's says come on in.. for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Adult size portions for adult size appetites. David's caters to the Gators. Open-7am-9pm Mon-Sat, 8am-9pm Sun. We are located at 5121-A NW 39th Ave. (352) 373-2002. David's BBQ delivers the best BBQ anywhere in Gainesville with Gatorfood.com CAs Bistro 1245 Gourmet food at student prices! Fine appetizers starting at $3.95, including: Crab cakes, 5 large spicy shrimp, Butternut squash bisque. Delicious salads starting at $5.50, including: Caesar, Roasted chicken salad with spicy walnuts, salad Nicoise. Sandwiches starting at $6.50: Roasted eggplant, seared tuna club, portabello mushroom. Pastas starting at $6.95, including: pasta roma, pesto with chicken, & penne with sauteed shrimp. Large selection of wines chilled, corked & served starting at $9.99 a bottle. Delectable desserts: vanilla creme brul6e, cheesecake & chocolate mousse pie. Open Sun-Thurs lam-10pm. Open until 11pm Fri & Sat. 1245 W. University Ave. Call 376-0000 for takeout or reservations. ~1.. Cafe Gardens Caf6 Gardens has been just across from campus since 1976. This quaint landmark establishment with award winning courtyard dining is perfect for any date or gathering. Don't miss the Friday wine tastings 5-9pm. Lunch meetings catered. Daily Lunch and drink specials. Live music nightlycall for schedule. 376-2233 (CAFE). 1643 NW 1st Ave Rafferty's Specials: Happy Hour Everyday 4pm-10pm. Dollar drafts, 2 for 1 single liquor drinks & house wines. Lunch and dinner specials Mon-Fri. Thursdays live music on the deck. Behind Eckerd's in Butler Plaza. 3740675. 0. The Swamp Restaurant Serving a wide array of appetizers, salads, sandwiches and entrees made with only the finest ingredients. The Swamp offers a variety of exciting new dinner specials daily and the freshest soups and salads in town. Come and relax in our indoor dining area, spacious front lawn or intimate upstairs decks. Happy Hour Mon-Fri 4pm-8pm. We deliver lunch and dinner Mon-Sun 11am10pm. Full service catering. 1642 W. University Ave. 37SWAMP (377-9267) CAsW& Calypso Bar & Grill One taste of Calypso Cuisine and you will be hooked! Fresh Fish, Seafood, Angus Beef, Oysters on the Half Shell, Jumbo Buffalo Wings, Entree Salads, Quesadillas, Burgers, Sandwiches, Vegetarian selections and more -all at reasonable prices. Enjoy our 11-7 Daily Happy Hour including $2 House Margaritas and Long Island Teas. "Hey Mon!" Monday go ahead and enjoy Happy Hour 'til close. Specials: Tues. AUCE Fish Fry, Wed. Angus Beef NY Strip, Thurs. BBQ Rack of Ribs. Be sure to try our homemade salad dressings &.desserts. Dine out on the climate controlled patio. 11 TV's plus Big Screen. Located on Newberry Rd., two blocks W. of Tower Rd./7770 W. Newberry Rd. 332-5958 CFHNEE Golden Buddha Experience big city style Chinese cuisine at Gainesville prices. Lunch and dinner combos. Huge portionsfor all entrees, and delicious appetizers, all prepared by expert-chefs. Fast and free delivery. Online menu at: GainesvilleGoldenBuddha.com. 613 NW 16th Ave. 372-4282, 380-9076. COFE Oxford Coffee Company The Ox has the best coffee in town at the best prices. Choose from a wide selection of specialty drinks, smoothies & assorted baked goods. We now serve lunch daily with homemade gourmet sandwiches & soups to choose from. Plenty of space for small or large groups. MonFri 7am-midnight. Sat 10ammidnight. 112 NW 16th St. 3780662. www.oxcoffee.com Virtually Cuban The best Cuban food in town! Located at 2409 SW 13th St. Virtually Cuban Restaurant & Internet Cafe is open for breakfast, lunch & dinner and specializes in authentic Cuban food. Serving a variety of sandwiches pressed on fresh Cuban bread. Ropa Vieja, Chicken Fricasse, Roast Pork, Bistec de Palomilla are just a few of the entrees. Also available are Cuban pastries, coffee products, croquettes, flan, tamales, plantops, and other Cuban delicacies. Open M-F 7am-7pm, Sat 9am-3pm. For a complete menu please visit our website www.virtuallycuban.com or call 336-4125. COMFORT FooD New Deal Cafe Fresh Burgers, Pot Pie, Flatbread Pizza, Pasta, Paninis, Paella, Fish 'n Chips, Bargain Martinis. 3443 W. University Ave. 371-4418. FoNDIE The Melting Pot Dip into something different! The ultimate fondue experience with the highest quality fresh ingredients. Sun-Thurs 5:30pm10pm, Fri & Sat 5:30pm-11pm. RSVP recommended. 372-5623. kICR Cold Stone Creamery Savor Gainesville's best ice cream & yogurt. Coldstone Creamery is located next to, Royal Park Cinemas (Newberry Rd.) & across from Olive Garden (Archer Rd.) Both locations are open every night. The smell of freshly cooked cones, the sound of a talented singing crew, and the taste of freshly created super premium ice cream makes the visit unforgettable. 271-PIES. MC, v, AMEX, DISC. Gatotfood.Aom Delivers. --4- 

PAGE 15

THURSDAY, APRIL i, 2004K ALLIGATOR, 15 .PZZA JAOANESE Miya Sushi 3222 SW 35th Blvd. (Butler Plaza next to Publix). Enjoy authentic Japanese food in a casual & comfortable environment. Our extensive SUSHI BAR provides the best portions in town. All sushi made-to-order. Try our new menu with lunch specials: a delicious variety of sushi, teriyaki, & side dishes from $6.95. Open every day 11:30am-101m. To Go orders available on everything. 335-3030. Delivery available through Gatorfood.com H~AHLomaQ Farah's on the Avenue Gainesville's Premiere Hookah Lounge! One of Farah's best hidden treasures are its Hookah tobacco pipes! Also known as argilleh, these flavorful, aromatic concoctions of taste and sknell offer a relaxing mood either before, after, or perhaps even while dining at Farah's. We use only the finest brand of premium hookah tobacco and natural charcoal, imported directly from the Mediterranean Gulf. Famous for our wings, gyros, burgers & steaks, we also offer meze, traditional small plates of food, such a hummus, kibbie, falafel, spinach and artichoke dip, babaghanoush (eggplant dip) & kifta. Large vegetarian/vegan selection. All served in a casual dining atmosphere. 1120 W University Ave. 378-51r :w^ MEDITERRANEAN Gyro Plus 1011 W. University Ave. 11-10 Mon-Sun 336-5323. We have the best Falafel, Tabouli, Hummus, Baba, Grape leaves & Gyros -beef or chicken. Fresh smoothie bar & Baklava. Pita Bread Bakery at 2401 SW 13th St., 372-4995. Mediterranean Groceries and Halal Meat. ME~cA LaFiesta Catering Gainesville for 15 years now! Come & enjoy authentic Mexican food at reasonable prices. Try one of our fajita entrees or choose from several vegetarian selections. Also try our special grilled pork chops with black beans & rice. Don't forget about our tasty margaritas on special Mon-Thurs at $1.95 & 2-4-1 Mich Light & Bud Light drafts, $1.95 Mon & Tues. Located behind Red Lobster across from Oaks Mall *Carry out also available* Closed Sunday. KowR, Joa Korean BBQ Restaurant, Bar & Karoke The most authentic & unique family restaurant in town. Charcoal filled table-top grills for BBQ on the table. Kimchi and various side dishes are served free with all meals. Karaoke open late every night. Full Bar. 5847 SW 75th St. on the comer of Archer Rd. & Tower Rd., next to Publix. Call 3354633 for reservations. Burrito Brothers Serving Gainesviftsince 1976, made. to oro# made from scratch Man' pyeetarian & Vegan itemw-v4: able. Open 7 days,itm-Opm. 16, _NW -13th St;. 378-5948. www.barritobros.com Leonardo's Pizza legend since 1973. Whole pizzas & slices, including: Spinach Florentine, Chicken Cordon Bleu & The Big Leo, Spinach Tomato, spicy sausage, thick pepperoni and more. Calzones & salads. Spaghetti deal with garlic rolls $3.95. Pizza-rama starting at $4.50. Coffee, cappuccinos, scones & brownies. Giant cookies $1.25. Open 7 days a week 9am-11pm, Fri & Sat til 12am. Call ahead for pick-up. 375-2007. For delivery call 379-FOOD. Located next to Bistro 1245. VECETAm Book Lover's Cafe Vegetarian & Vegan cuisine. Organic veggies & hole grains. Organic coffees, juices & smoothies. Fresh desserts & daily dinner specials. Inside & patio seating. At BOOKS INC. 505 NW 13th St. 384-0090, 7 days a week, 10am -9pm. VEmMfE Saigon Legend Delicious traditional Vietnamese cuisine with popular Asian favorites as well. Pho, BanhCuon, Bahn Xeo, Banh Tom Ha-Noi. Enjoy great food at 332-0878. The Pizza Joint Late Night Eats! Homemade Pizza, whole or by the slice. Gourmet Flavors: Thai Chicken, Pesto & Aloha, etc. Wed-Sat lOpm-2:30am. Middle of downtown, 4 SW .st Ave. 378-3631. Liquid Ginger New Asian Grille & Teahouse. A fine selection of wines & teas, including Oolong, Green, & Flower teas. Specializing in Asian Fusion Cuisine, Open M-F lunch 11:30-3:00. Dinner Tues-Sun 5:00-11:00. Call for Reservations (352) 371-2323. 101 SE 2nd P1. Ste. 118. Behind Hippodrome. Mellow Mushroom Take a trip to Mellowmushroom.com. Since 1974, we've been dishing out high-quality ingredients in all of our Specialty Pizzas, Monumental Hoagies, and Scrumptious Salads. And yes, we have a full bar. 1209 W. University Ave. 367-0012. great prices. Big new room! Family owned restaurant. Next to Holiday Inn downtown. Dine in or take out. Mon-Sal 10: 30am-9:30pm, Sun 11:30-9pm, 374-0934. For information regarding The Guide to Dining Out, Contact Ah.yOtt 376-,482 MEOffERRANEAN/ PM 

PAGE 16

16, AtIGATORS THURSDAY, APRIL 1,2004 [hey guys, dont forget to type headline here, stat!] By LINDSEY M. STATHOPOULOS Detours Staff I'd likefib dedicate this article to my roommate and friend, lake McKenna. Today is the ote day of the year when all your bastard friends actuary get away with all the bullshit they pull on you every other day of the year. Hell, you might evenJoin in on the festivities and play a joke or two. i, for one, am planning on a series of elabo rate pranlfor the privileged few who are significant part of my life. I'm going up my roommate in the middle of and tell her our apartment is on fire mother is dead. The two really hay to do with each other. But I'm be so disoriented, she won't pi discrepancies in the story. I also am going to e-mail the last with that modem medicine is baffled "condition." Then, I'm going to call m. ents and tell them I'm pregnant. Afterward, I'll laugh and say I lost my scholarship and need about $400 so I can register for fall classes. That won't be a joke. This year, I had one wish I submitted to the April Fool's Day Fairy. I wished that upon awakening, Fool Fairy would be in my ,room telling me the past 20 years have been the most extrava history of foolery. My life, my direction The Fol Firy hen ouel pomeetotel who has counseled you?. ml ke you slave away at ajob enery andSlowly y tO get by? airy chuckle here), we ed one over on you! You've been ving someone else's life! Here's yours!" The Fool Fairy then would proceed to tell me I actually am a spoiled brat with a Lexus and owns every Vera Bradley ever made. I'd like to take this opportunity to make an aside comment: Vera Bradley is a genius and has played the best, most far-reaching prank on the world. (She's made obscene amounts of money exploiting the idiocy of sorority girls.) She's sitting on a beach in Honolulu, drinking LMai and laughing her ass off, do my winin to paycheck to pacheck. Apparently the Lindsey M. Stathopoulos doesn't have to dopate plasma, oh no. She has a credit card with no limit and never has worked a day in her life! Oh, you tricksters! The Fool would conclude his summary of the world's joke on me by saying those nights I cried myself to sleep because of a deep bout of depression -triggered by my empty love life -all were part of the prank Aww! Shucks, guys! Apparently, I actually am in love with a funny, sensitive, derstanding guy who's just plain good taste in music and art and Wi. me all night, nsup: aw ead and pull en gas girlfriend rrority sister. She'll don't say anything. y, and she thinks did, when you town. And n't believe. you, because hey, you told her -evenly 1 Hopefully, I'll be waking up to a brand new life that's been part of a lavish, grandiose joke the world has been playing on me all of my life. Because if that's not the case, I'm going to kill myself. No, I'm not kidding. Aspiring comic to crack up Coconuts Comedy Club By RYAN MAJOR Detours Assistant Editor Jimel Shannon, a 21-year-old comedian, wants you to know something. It isn't necessarily anything specific,aghe has untold numbers of jokes, stories and comedic mishaps in his "Yellow Notepad" (a purple, three-ring binder). But regardless, he will telf you -in his .own voice or one borrowed from the vociferous voice-box of a family member. And when he does, expect to be entertained, maybe even aroused. Shannon hails from Deltona, a not-quite suburb of Daytona. His first experience in entertainment came early, but proved fruitful. Titusville (McCurdy's), Jacksonville (Funnybones), Orlando (Bonkers), Tampa (Improv, at which he won two amateur competitions) and most recently, in Gainesville (Coconuts Comedy Club). So, what should be expected -comedy-wise -from the multiSince a senior project, in which faceted mulatto? Shannon performed a 20-minute "I like telling stories, the comset for his class, he has performed in' edy of experience," Shannon said. "I come from a mixed family, so racial differences are the funniest thing for me." Of course, if a crowd seems decidedly one-dimensional, Shannon isn't afraid to mix things up. "I have a pretty large base of jokes," Shannon said. "And I pretty much had to learn to tailor them to the crowd. For instance, at my last show at Coconuts, the crowd seemed older. I couldn't tell a 50 Cent joke, 'cause they wouldn't get the reference." Shannon has two shows coming up, one on Thursday and one on Saturday, both at.Coconuts Comedy Club on Newberry Road at the Holiday Inn. Get your ass out there to experience his innovative brand of "freestyle comedy" for yourself. ---~ .1 1 

PAGE 17

THURSDAYAPR1I, 2004 0 LOGY es so-so, Weezer still rocks The Vines Winning Days Capitol Records -In 2002, The Vines rode in from on a wave of publicnearly anyone even had r debut, Highly Evolved, everywhere already were hem the next great rock te decade -which they Evolved was over-hyped, I enjoy it for what it frenzied cluster of psyternative rock which, at led as if The Beatles and ere jamming together. f the same could be said Vines sophomore effort, Iys. If you've read the zilterviews with the band's stoned frontman Craig always is ranting about hundreds of songs writly to be recorded. If that re, then it's extremely hard to fathom how Winning Days is so at par with its harder-hitting predecessor. Much of what made Highly Evolved so enjoyable was its incoherence, which Winning Days severely lacks. The ultimate result is 40 minutes that seems more like a week -a peaceful, yet dull week. Weezer Weezer Geffen Records Right about now, you probably are saying to yourself, "Isn't that album about 1.0 years old? Isn't it a little too late for a review?" Well, yes it is. But this actually is a new-and-improved version of Weezer's classic debut (aka: The Blue Album). Now a double-disc deluxe edition, the re-release of The Blue Album is a 10-year anniversary done right. This is not one of those stunts meant to sucker consumers for every cent possible. Well, it kind of is, but my love for Weezer precludes me from expressing any reservations. The first disc is a remastered version of The Blue Album, which is a fancy way of saying it's the same as the original. The second is a collection of B2 sides, previously unreleased tracks and live versions of some of The Blue Album's best. Sure, most Weezer fans (myself included) have had these songs on our computers since the heyday of (free) Napster, but it's nice to have them in a tidy, collectable package. Some of the standout rarities you'll find on the second disc are studio and acoustic versions of "Jaime" and the tribute "Mykel and Carli," written about the Weezer Fan Club presidents who died in a car crash. This reissue is a must for Weezer fans, and though it's nothing new to most, it encapsulates a great moment in history for a great band. -JASON VENTURE urn't//WWW.Gtr-tIrAEGAV9R Introduce amwm awa I ing: Brand New, Luxurious Apartment Homes 2 Br 2.5 Ba Town Homes 2 Br 2 Ba Flats 3 Br 2 Ba Flats Now Leasing for FALL! Starting at ONLY $850 Call or Drop-in Today, 352.333.8643 (Located on 62nd, behind the mall) university Memorial A ma Iat7 lm Il April 1, A/C *Service *Repalr Foreign -N-t Domestic Alternators -NStarters Discount Prices As Low As $21.95/FREE ELECTRICAL CHECK/ Wth urcmhas lowb Seating I Ri yewF-" mcam-;W-t OR-W26 

PAGE 18

7 7.:T :i;7 :: = i Z 'T".... "" T -" ..:::i: i : ......... ..... --iIj: 18, ALLIGATOR M THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 Calendar MUSIC Today Eddie C% (378-9185) -SuperJudge, Demophobe, Athma Common Grounds (372-7320) -Against Me!, Planes Mistaken For Stars, No Choice, Black Cougar Shock Unit Lillian'sM usic Store -7 Miles Out The Shamrock -The FreeKeys Coconut$ Comedy Club -Amateur Comedy Night Croc Club (Ocala) -"Free Nick" Benefit Show -Morningstar, Getten Deep Friday Common Grounds -Grand Buffet, Bleubird, Gavin Castleton of Gruvis Eddie C's -Roach Motel, Crash Pad, Sugardish, The Suicide Bombs, Rubber Room Faces Lounge -Dopamean, Cocytus, Broken By Silence Orange & Brew -Swayze, My Favorite Dancer, Maxwell Edison Downtown Plaza -Battle of the High School Bands, Bands TBA Saturday Common Grounds -Big Oil, Crazy Georg & Cowboy Hotrods, Chikkin L?v Eddie C's -The Beautiful Losers, P.S.G., Junkie Rush The Market Street Pub -Fifth Year Crush, Five Star Iris, Generation Mr. Pub (Belleview) -Battle of the Bands -Morningstar, Eightpenny, Getten Deep, TBA Monday Eddie C's-Salem, Believe in Toledo, Neptune 66, Running from Dharma, Haterade Tuesday Cafe Gardens -Chapman/Wapner Duo Common Grounds -Morivivi, Octavius, My Favorite Dancer, mightaswell Eddie C's -Same Difference, Drop Jaw, Seventeen After, Grade A The Market Street Pub -Rehasher, Savage Brewtality, No More Wednesday Clubhouse Grill -Jimmy Ciaravino Trio Eddie C's -Battle of the Bands semifinals, Push, Apollo Quartet The Market Street Pub -Pinback, AmericanAnalog Set, Bound Smith grows as storyteller By MARK BERMAN Detours Writer Ollie Trinke, the unfortunately named main character of "Jersey Girl," is a hotshot New York City publicist who seems to be at the top of the world. He's got a great career, a pregnant wife, and despite his unfortunate hairdo, things seem to be going very swimmingly for him. If you've read a single piece of news relating tc, this movie, then you already know that this pretty much goes to shit when his wife, the even more unfortunately named Gertrude Steiney-Trinke (Jennifer Lopez), dies during childbirth. Afterwards, Ollie (Ben Affleck) has something of a breakdown when faced with the pressure of raising his daughter alone in addition to his career. He insults the hell out of his client, Will Smith ("Yeah, like the Fresh Prince of Bel Air is ever gonna have a movie career"), and as a result, Ollie is banished from his field and sent to the cl est thing to purgatory they can find Jersey. One more thing, before I'm done ping the movie and move on to ac reviewing the thing, he moves back in his father, Bart Trinke (George Carli Seriously, where did these pe up with their names? Did th ancestors plan some kind of by saddling them with name "Ollie" and "Bart," and if great. (No offense meant t these names, of course; IM lovely people who, with the.h therapy, have accepted andla your na~es.) I think. a n d :V .... ... This crap. This is a relationship love between a father and en Ollie (terrible name and !arold Gertie (the adorable who resembles Jennifer without the evil ... jokes, crafting a film is Jay and Silent film for pretty issues, real charirse, sharp and ,vered by smiths raand Liv clerk wi involve The Ustic atographer "'Close Encounters ie finally allows one up visually with the e Kevin Smith without but it shows a distinct in a very talented film.wn up, obviously, and is ranch out in a more comg way -with a semi-forut growth and the things er writer, this story would lich&, hackneyed and familt would have been even more so Smith, as big a movie nerd as they get, Las used-a number of cliches, hackneyed jots and familiar character arcs to make :mething that still feels fresh and new, rhich is no small feat. i .. As a personal movie about fatherhood -ry and as a step towards bigger and more serious projects,, Smith has succeeded wildly dy here. But let's hope he never names any of Get up Kids on tour By JENN TRUMBULL Detours Staff Picture it: a clear April night in Tampa circa 1998, yours truly awaiting a show with friends at 408 Chaos Records. By day, the store was a hole in the wall that sold indie 7-inches, fanzines and band T-shirts. By night, it turned into a dive venue for bands coming through the bay area. Who did I see so many years ago on that *fine evening? None other than the Get up Kids along with Discount and Peterbilt. "I remember that show," said Jim Suptic, TGUK guitarist. "It was in a record store that could probably hold 20 people, but 100 people were packed in." Let's get back to present time. Believe it or not, it's 2004 and the Kids are not kids anymore. I caught up with Suptic (aka Dr. Jim, the guitarist of TGUK) about Guilt Show, Black Lodge recording studio and hitting the road after a brief hiatus with a nationwide club tour -all while juggling two successful side projects. "We own the studio, so it was relaxed -maybe too relaxed," Suptic said. The Kids purchased the Black Lodge in Eudora, Kansas with the budget they were allotted to create their fourth album on Vagrant nearly a year ago. The studio now is home to a long, impressive list of clientele, with Ed Rose taking the helm as one of the main producers. Rose helped craft TGUK's landmark album, Something to Write Home About, and contributed his producing talents once more on Guilt Show. "It took almost eight months, but it wasn't a painful process -more like three weeks in the studio then a month off," Suptic said. "With other members on tour, we recorded for months all over the map." The end result is Guilt Show, a wellcrafted album packed with the same sound that put TGUK on the map.Their latest collection of 13 toe-tapping tunes is the Kids at their best. "'Never Be Alone' is my favorite song on Guilt Show. It was written in a strange way -kinda pieced together," he said. Beyond the Kids' success, the group is a pool of talent with offspring, which includes the equally popular Reggie and the Full Effect, James DeWees' taco-loving baby and Matt Pryor's solemnly sweet solo-effort, the New Amsterdams. So, do the side projects affect the main gig? "I don't think so," Suptic said. "The New Amsterdams is Matt's acoustic solo thing and Reggie is in a whole other world. So, the projects are completely different from Get up Kids." The Kids are all grown-up. In fact, they are men in their late 20s. Not to mention three .out of five band members are happily married, with Pryor expecting a second child. Although, Suptic said the Pope Brothers are single and ready to mingle. "We call Robert and Paul the Nicky and Paris [Hilton] of Lawrence [City, Kan.], "Suptic said. "They are out on the prowl, partying. The Lawrence paparazzi are always all over them." "I don't get free beer anywhere in Kansas City," Suptic said. "OK, this one bar, but only because my wife cuts [the bartender's] hair. My wife is more recognized than I am." Partying and paparazzi aside, the Kids are hitting the road on a strippeddown club tour, with most of the dates sold-out in a matter of hours. "It has been almost a year since we have toured," Suptic said. "So, it,s nerve-racking, but we're keeping it old school. We're not pretentious -just some kids from the Middle West.": Couldn't have said it better myself.The Get up Kids, along with Recover and Rocky Votolato, are performing at the Social in Orlando Friday night. -Sl all ir i t ART Contemporary Photography from the Ham Museum Collection (Part I) through April 18 The Private Life of Sigmund Freud through April 11 Coming Home: American Paintings 1930-1950 from the Schoen Collection through May 2 Jacques-Henri Lartigue: A Boy, A Camera, An Era through July 18 THEATER Hippodrome (375-4477) -No Secret Anymore (cinema) -March 26April 1. Hearts and Minds (cinema) -April 5 -4:30 p.m., 7 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. 

PAGE 19

BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND ass" ified S THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 --, 0' ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/classifieds -YOUR SEARCH IS OVER!!! mate matching starting at $435 ICable w/ H.BO & SHOWTIME*Alarm *24hr gym FREE Tanning*Close to easing for NOW & FALL377-2777 71-1 Super Clean Studio Walk to ShandsLong & short term lease Now as low as $345 monthly inc all utilities ph 336-9836 2BR Huge Floor plan, private patio, t your door, quiet Oasis 377-3149 rail. 3436 SW 42nd Ave & 34th St 1-1 Lour Treehouse Today ti erDryer in every apt. a2 bed/2 private bath E950 sq. ft. of comfort by or call us @ 372-3096 71-1 **BRAND NEW** FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime EE Fastest Internet*FREE Tanning EE Alarm*FREE cable TV in kitchen ?/2 & 3/3 luxury suites from $460 24hr gym~pets ok*374-FUNN -71-1 r Beteril tte, furnished BR suites rthernuet, Utilities &Tanning. .to SFCC. 379-9300. 4-21-71-1 te traffic?* stop on bus route, roommate matchonly 1.3 mi to UF, free cable, tanning, nature trails, 2/2.5, 3/3, 4/4 starting 395/13BR for more call 336-3838 4-21DMFORTABLE LIFESTYLE* 1/413A condo at Countryside fully furn ms, W/D, Dig Cable, internet w/utili;$420/mo Interested call 352-372/3 or toll free 888-790-4014. 136-1 CUTE ROOM Serious ISS student, quiet area q5/mo util included 377-5555 4-21-31 :mediate opening for female in furn ,R/4B3A condo. $415/mo, will consider ort-term lease. $200 sec dep, all utils & ble incl -except phone. 4000 SW 23rd Lots of amenities. Countryside @ liv. Call Larry 954-536-9441 4-21-29-1 105 MOVES YOU IN! LAST MONTH EE! Royal Village 1 BR in 4B3R/2B3A apt. alking distance to UF. WlD, pool.-cable, :hernet. Call Emile 239-462-1663 4-72 Rms for males in neat, quiet, well-kept 4BR/4BA condo @ University Terrace. $365-395/mo 9, 10 or 12 mo lease. W/D, cable & util incl. On bus line to UF. Call Russ 352-335-6134, if not in leave msg 3-2-14-1 CLO -coop for UF students. Sum A/B $360 Sum C -$720 Fall/Spr $275/ma 1 block to UF, util, ethernet, meals & parking 377-4269 grove.ufl.edu/-clo 4-615-1 Roommates needed for summer/fall. Univ Terr West. Close to UF 3 rms avail in 4BR/4BA condo. Hi.spd inet, dig cable w/HBO & ESPN, elec, W/D. $400/mo furn, $300 sec. 954-336-3620, 954-817-0269. 4-1-10-1 4BR/4BA CONDO $388 each. All utils, cable, DSL included. University Terrace. On bus route 35 & 12. 407-620-1555. 4-21-18-1 4BR/4BA Countryside Great Condo. Avail early Aug. New carpet, steps to bus, W/D, pool, hot tub, fitness room, free parking. $400/mo! Utilities included! 355-9197 46-5-1 Want Free Tuition And A Great Place To Live? It's all at University Commons Apartments 2 and 4 Bedroom Apartments Prices start at $335.00 Summer leases available For more information call: 377-6700 4-21-17-1 Bright, Modern, Spacious Apt.' Spyglass 1BR furnished w/ W/D, DW, cent AC, screened in patio, gated community, computer lab, gym, pool, jacuzzi on 1st floor. $525/mo negotiable. 262-3222 anytime. 4-9-7-1 SORORITY LIVING ONLY BETTER! Steps from UF on sorority row! Apr, May, or Aug move-ins avail. Furn, all-incl, Prof roommate matching! From $320/mo, Jacuzzi tubs! 355-8471 TheivyHouse.net Total Elec., 2 & 3 BR. $375-$500. Cent a/c, pool, tennis, B-ball, waste, pest, lawn mowing. 251b pet $15/mo. M-F 10-6. Alamar Gardens. 4400 SW 20th Ave. 373-4244. UF bus line #20.4-21-71-2 GATOR PLACE APTS 3600 SW 23 St. 2BR/1BA W/D is optional. Park in front of your apt. Pet play park. 2 mi to VA/Shands. $500/mo 372-0507. 4-21-71*QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS OF GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1BR apt. $325/mo. 1BR cottage $375/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-21-71-2 3bdrm 3 blocks to UF Lots of windows! Vaulted Ceilings! Pets OK! $375/Bdrm! Free Parking! Avail Fall! Call now 371-777 4-21-71-2 LYONS SPECIAL $89 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-21-71-2 CALL WATSON For a complete list of homes and condos go to www.watsonrent.com or call Watson Realty Corp. 335-0440 4-21-71-2 BETTER THAN THE HOUSE! Luxury Living On Sorority Row 1/1-$605*2/2.5 only $500 per person Guaranteed Parking*Balconies*W/D avail. Call for Specials! 372-7111 4-21-71-2 HUGE 3BR'S -ONLY $720! Water/Sewer Included! Sparkling Pools, Fitness, More! Park FREE across from UF! Open Wkends! 335-PARK 4-21-71-2 LOVE THE NIGHTLIFE! Studios, 1/1 Flats & 2/2, 3/3 Townhouses! Washer & Dryer*Alarm*Pool*Pets OK Jetset*Voodoo*Bank in your backyard! Why live anywhere else? 338-0002 4-21-71-2 *SUN BAY APARTMENTS *Grad students $99 Deposit* 00Walk or Bike to Campus 00 1-1 $460/mo@02-1 $520/mo www.sunisland.info 009376-6720 4-21-71-2 *ESCAPE TO LUXURY* 1/1 & 2/2 flats, 3/3 TH FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE Tanning, Aerobics, 24 hr gym PC Lab, Gated, Trash Svc, All Amenities LEASING NOW & FALL, 335-4455 4-21-71-2 CHECK OUT OUR CLEAN, QUIET, AFFORDABLE 1 & 2 BR APT. OFF SW 20TH -AVE. FROM $365 TO $450. INCL WATER, SEWER, PEST & GARB. SORRY NO PETS ALLOWED. 335-7066. 4-21-71-2 Are you reading this right now? Yes you are -along with 50,000 others. So get your message out -in the Alligator Classifieds! 373-FIND Short Walk to UF! 0@1 BR $445 2BR -$515 Sparkling Pools Pets OK! 0 Quiet, peaceful atmosphere! 0 Park FREE across from UF! 0 Open Weekends! 372-7555 4-21-71-2 You'll WANT to live HERE! Luxury 2BR/2BA TH & 3BR/3BA Flats Cable, Gym, Pool, Tanning, Pets OK FREE Roommate Matching Leasing Now & Fall 379-9255 4-21-71-2 Deluxe, large 1,2,3,4,6 BRs 60 seconds to UF. Remodeled, Old house charm. Cent A/C, Washer/dryer incl. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. $495.00 and up 538-2181 lv message. 4-21-71-2 HUMONGOUS Now leasing for Fall 2004 1BR/1BA $585, 2BR/2BA $680 3BR/2BA $850, 4BR/2.5BA $1020 Free UF parking 376-4002 4-21-71-2 PARK FREE AT UF@ HUGE 1, 2, & 4 BRs -avail now & Aug! W/D, alarm, pool, FREE gym membership! Pets OK -Open wkends! 332-7401 4-21-71-2 Deluxe, Large One Bedroom, 60 seconds to UF. Wood floors, washer dryer included. Can furnish. Private Owner. Avail now $495 & up. 538-2181 Lv Message. 4-21-71-2 A RARE FIND!!! 2BR/2BA $799 W/D incl FREE Cable w/HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm Gated*24hr gym*FREE Tanning*Close to UF *For a LIMITED TIME!!!*377-2777 4-21-71-2 **LIVE IN LUXURY** HUGE TNHMS: 2/2 and 3/3 Free cable w/HBO & Showtime W/D*alarm*frpe tanning*comp. lab Pet welcome*Private dog park Leasing NOW & FALL 377-2801 4-21-71-2 *Exclusive Luxury* Gated*Alarm*Garages*W/D 2BR flats & 3BR Townhomes HUGE floorplans from $405/BR FREE tanning*comp lab*gym Move-in Specials**372-0400 4-21-71-2 **BRAND NEW LUXURY** FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE Fastest lnternet*FREE Tanning FREE Alarm*FREE cable TV in kitchen 2/2 & 3/3 luxury suites from $420 24hr gym*pets OK***374-FUNN 4-21-71-2 **1BD & 2BD BEAUTIFUL** NEW kitchens, tile, carpet, paint 2BD-over 1100 sq ft*9$625/mo 1BD-over 800 sq ft @@$5754mo Close to UF, beautiful, quiet High-speed Wireless Internet $300 off deposit 0376-2508 4-21-71-2 **3BD/4BD-LIKE A HOUSE** Huge townhouse, fireplace, W/D hook-ups, patio, New carpet & tile, new fitness high speed wireless internet 38D/2.5BA only $815 4BD/3BA only $1225 Close to UF in SW Beautiful/quiet 0 376-2507 4-21-71-2 *Immediate Move In* 2 Br Flats and Townhomes Butler Plaza, Clubhouse & more! Starting @ $610. Call 373-1111l 4-21-71-2 **ELLIE'S HOUSES FOR RENT** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-2154991 or 352-215-4990 8-16-96-2 AAATREEHOUSE VILLAGEAAA 2 bed/2 private bath from $649 Washer/dryer in every apt. HUGE fitness center, 2 pools Stop by or call us @ 372-3096 4-21-71-2 SUN ISLAND 1.1 from $460.00 *2.1 $520.00 $99 deposit for Grad students 999 SW 16th Ave phone # 376-6720 www.sunisland.info 4-21-71-2 1BR/1BA $420, 2BR/2BA $495, 3BR/2BA $695. New carpet, Italian tile, cent AC/H, covered patio, DW, verticals, W/D hkups, pool. 2 houses 3BR/2BA walk to UF,$750. 332-7700. 4-21-71-2 *Kensington North & South Beautiful 2br 2.5ba townhomes -W/D, monitored alarm, pool, clubhouse, free tanning & ethernet, mgre. $850/mth. Call for specials! 3901 SW 20th Ave 6920475. www.silverwingproperties.com 4-21-67-2 OCharming 1 & 2 BR/I1BA apts, starting @ $435/mo. Biking distance to UF, totally renovated, incl new luxury appliances. Great move-in specials! 501 NW 15th Ave. 692-0475. www.silverwingproperties.com 4-2167-2 Classifieds... Continued on next page. How To Place A Classified Ad: In Person: Cash, Check, MC, or Visa The Alligator Office 1105 W. University Ave. M-F, 8am -4pm UF Bookstore at Reitz Union M -F, 8am -6pm, Sat. 1Oam -5pm By Mail: Use forms appearing weekly in The Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, Visa or checks only. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. M -F, 8am -4pm By Fax: (352) 376-4556 When Will Your Ad Run? Classifieds begin TWO WORKING DAYS after theyare placed. Ads placed at the UF Bookstore may take THREE days to appear. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds or credits for .cancelled ads. Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M -F, 8am -4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first day will not be further compensated. Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NOON for the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. Real estate advertsemd heriissubject to the Federal Fair Housing Act which make"it llegal to advertise nypreferenc, iitaireo isrisutobjcasectolrrliiosoha tfmiiletaulawaioasoiin owhtntoitcakhlmtainords hntln.l: i MMnt ayaV Mfrra ett hc si ilto of the law. ANt persons are hereby informeco that all dwellingadvertised are available on an equal opportunitybasis. -,ll.mplyet p.ot.ntie,.verise,,,ei isinr hseclssf•ai •.W suggest that any rader who responds to that type of adverting use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information.•N* h A thi as "apersonaltsrsuintability, weercarnot theyY that all advertising claims or offers are completely valin every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any inury or loss arising from offers and acptac Of'--ew r$ goos rf ennms t or rejeny advertising aindhrei.gt t utbltw antvrl .. ... I Il ;-ntm mlr-, Itent'lififiifnished 

PAGE 20

20, ALLGATOJRU THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 E Rt frnse I ~oeo enFf5R Rntn .... ent -Unfurished : 'For Rent -Unfurnished-For RentUnfurnished elet t IBR & 2BR/1BA with W/D, central ieat/air, dishwasher, ceramic tile, private )atio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th St. '4ear bus rt. From $489. 377-1633 4-1628-2 ,ollIne rentals.com 3ainesville's Best Apartment Search for collegee Students 8-16-131-2 *1/2 BR AVAIL-ASAP, FROM $659* Feb free, $99 deposit. Direct UF access, close to Shands/VA. WlD incl. pool, alarms, fit. ctr. PEBBLE CREEK APTS 2360 SW Archer Rd 376-9607 1-21 -7..;2 VILLAGE LOFT APTS 1BR LOFT APTS. 350 & 750 sq.ft. Starting @ $450/mo. Juiet, wooded setting. FREE monitored flarm system. 6400 SW 20th Ave. Call 332-0720. 4-21-71-2 Quiet, Friendly Atmosphere Newly Remodeled 3BR TH & Flats W/D, Gym, Pool, Spa, Tan, PC Lab RTS Bus Route 12! Pets Welcome! Great Location! 372-8100 21-71-2 Convenience At Its Finest! Spacious 2/2 with Walk-In Closets W/D, Fitness, Hot Tub, Pool, Tan PC Lab, Bus Route! Pets Welcome! Newly Remodeled! 372-8100 1-21-71-2 02BR/1 BA apt. Walk to campus. Includes utilities. Newly renovated. $600/mth. Call 392-0475 4-21-67-2 -lOUSES and CONDOS Ml locations & price ranges. f you are tired of apt life, go to vww.maximumre.com or call 374-6905 3-16-96-2 *Hop, Skip & a Jump* Dining, Shopping, Movies We luv Pets, Gym, Computer Lab Spacious 1, 2, 3 Br's for Fall Call NOW 373-1111 1-21-71-2 Stumble Home From The Swamp 2/2 Luxury Apts! W/D Alarm! DW! From $959 Free Parking! Pets OK! Avail Fall -371-7777 1-21-71-2 HOUSES @ UF!!! Studio's to 3BR From $450 Large Yards!! Free Parking!! W/D and W/D HU's Avail!! Avail Fall 371-0769 1-21-71-2 APTS STEPS FROM UF Studios -2BR From $395 Free Parking!! Pets ok!! Wood floors! Remodeled Apts! Reserve for Fall!! 371-7777 ,-21-71-2 HATE PARK&RIDE? Sick of the BUS? Nalk to class instead! Studios, ls&2s ;teps to UF. Studio $435 0 1/1 $476 9 ?/1 $613 0 Large closets, tiled brkfst iooks, FREE parking! Call now! 376-6223 FrimarkProperties.com 4-21-69-2 LIVING IT UP ON THE TOP! Penthouse at UF only $565 per bedroom W/D*Covered Parking*Private Deck See ALL of UF from your windows Only 1 available for fall! 372-7111 -21-69-2 OWNHOUSE nRear Duckpond 508 NE 4th we 2BR/1.5BA, living, dining, kitchen, ftorage, some utils paid Central heat & ,iC. Move in special $550/mo. Units avail ug 1 372-2284 4-21-78-2 Jewly renovated -$799, top floor duplex verlooking hill & woods at end of street, lose to UF, 3BR/1BA edbaurmanagei ent.com 375-7104 4611 NW 53 Ave 41-65)uplex near Main St & NW 16th Ave 500 2BR/1BA, fenced private backyard dbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4611 JW 53 Ave 4-21-65-2 r**CUTE QUIET CLEAN*** ;tylish 2BR/2BA apt, W/D, alarm, skyqht, front porch, pets OK. Avail for fall. 600-$700/mo. Call 336-0000 for showig & info 4-21-60-2 :very aluminum can you recycle saves ie equivalent energy of running a 100 iatt light bulb for three hours! Summer rates plus July FREE on a 15 month lease Sun Island Properties 376-6720 www.sunisland.info 4-21-62-2 *Guaranteed Seat on Bus!* Luxury living at The Landings! 1.3 mi to UF, FREE cable, HBO, SHOW, tanning, gym. Spacious 2/2.5, 3/3, 4/4 from $355/BR 336-3838 4-21-60-2 COME HOME TO DOWNTOWN CHARM Unique 1BR/1BA & 2BR/2BA flats W/D*Alarm*Pool*Pets Welcome Open Weekends ** 338-0002 4-21-60-2 1 BLOCK to UF 0 Studio $375 0 3/2 home close to UF $1100. Contact Michael 376-2433 4-948-2 FORGET YOU HAVE ROOMMATES! HUGE 4br twnhms -1662 sqft! W/D, DW, alarm, pets ok, Park FREE at UF/FREE gym membership! Open weekends 332-7401 4-21-58-2 NEWLY RENOVATED Fenced yard perfect for pets HUGE 1, 2, & 3BRs with W/D FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE Alarm*FREE Tanning From ONLY $410***374-3866 4-21-58-2 1BR/1.5BA LOFTS W/D hk-ups, Off Tower Rd near Mall, $495/mo. Pet friendly. Very Nice Call Mitchell Realty 374-8579 4-21-80-2 lbed/lbath from $525 $200 off first month's rent with a 12 month lease Huge room, Spiral Staircase 377-7401 4-21-80-2 2bed/2bath apt for $620 $200 off first month's rent with a 12 month lease Huge Rooms, walk-in closets Dishwasher -Patio -Tennis -Pool Pre-leasing for Fall 2004 377-7401 4-1-80-2 3bed/2bath for $720 $200 of first month's rent with a 12 month lease Lots of Space Close to UF and Shands Now Pre-leasing or Fall 2004 377-7401 4-21-80-2 HATE TO SHARE? Studio, One & Two Bedroom Flats Includes some utilities*Pets OK Private*Space*Great Value UF outside your front door! 372-7111 4-21-48-2 1BR/I13A overlooking lake -close to UF/Shands/VA & convenient to 1-75 $525 edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4611 NW 53rd Ave 4-21-56-2 1BR/1BA and 2BR/2BA APTS Newly renovated, new paint, carpet, fridge, stove. $350-$450/mo Cedar Ridge (Behind Mall) Call352-804-5622. 5-27-52-2 1&2 BD APTS. Spacious & affordable! Pets welcome, bus routes to SFCC & UF, convenient to 1-75 & mall. 332-5070 4-21-45-2 1BD APT. SIMPLICITY! Pets welcome, convenient to UF & shops, grad student discount. 372-0118 4-21-45-2 A+ FOR SPACIOUS 1&2 BD APTS! Free basic cable, pets welcome, w/d hookups, closets galore & more. 3729913 4-21-45-2 115 STEPS FROM CAMPUS!!! Luxury -Opposite Library West! Beautiful 2bd/2ba...all amenitities LOOKING GLASS APTS Call 376-1111 or Come by 111 NW 16th St#1 4-21-40-2 3BD Hse @ UF Wood floors!! Florida Room!! Huge fenced in back yard!! Pets OK!! Avail-NOW!! From $433/BR -371-7777 4-1-39-2 *WORK, LIVE, PLAY* Luxury 2BR/2BA Apts FREE Tanning, Aerobics and Cable W/D, 24hr gym, Pool, Gated Leasing Now and Fall, 335-4455 4-21-38-2 Available Now! ,BR 2BA $680, 3BR 2BA $825 Spacious, alarm, pool, pets okay .FREE UF parking 376-4002 4-21-34-2 SPRING BREAK EVERYDAY!!! 1BR/iBA*2BR/2BA*3BR/3BA*W/D incl FREE Cable w/HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm gated*24 gym*FREE Tanning*Close to UF *Leasing for NOW & FALL 377-2777 4-21-34-2 Solve your parking problems. Live at Anglia & walk to campus. All units have sec sys, W/D, range, refrig, disposer. 4BR/2B $1 150 3BR/2B $950 3BR/1B $900 386-462-4252 or cell 352-871-4252. 5-27-39-2 *** SORORITY ROW AREA*** Experience the luxury at Windsor Hall. Located 2 blocks to UF. Beautiful single & double suites available. Starting at $375/mo includes everything -gym, pool, DSL, electric, etc. 337-9255 or www.windsorhall.com 4-21-33-2 Available now and May Walk to Campus Studio .......................... $325 1 & 2BR................... $375-$485 4BR houses ............. $1000-$1400 Gore-Rabell Real Estate Inc 378-1387 4-21-33-2 **WALK TO UF** Single studio apt. fully remodeled Cute and Close $375/mo. 375-8256 4-21-18-2 **2 BLOCKS TO UF** Vintage 3bd, lba house w/new carpet, high ceilings & front porch $1150/mo call 375-8256 4-21-33-2 **8 BLOCKS TO UF** Huge 2bd/lba apts. Best Deal in town starting @ $525 mo. 375-8256 4-21-33-2 **2 BLOCKS TO UF** Vintage Duplex 2bd/lba with high ceilings,,great parking $675/mo. Call 375-8256 4-21-33-2 PET'S PARADISE 2BR No pet or app fee. Privacy fence, fans, CH/A, W/D hkup, on cul-de-sac. Excellent cond. 7214 SW 44th Pl. $450/mo. Avail. April. 331-2099 4-5-20-2 1, 2, & 3BR'S -HUGE! 1/1 $519 2/2 $605 3/2 $720 Water/Sewer included in rent! Pools, Fitness, Bball, Vball! D Park FREE across from UF! 0 Open Weekends! 335-PARK 4-21-32-2 Houses 1-2 mi to UF for fall 331-0095 611 NW 34th Terr, 3/2, fain rm, $1200 642 NW 35 St, 3/2, den, carport, $995 1315 NW 39 Dr, 3/2, den, carport, $995 816 NW 37 Dr, 3/2, fam rm, gar, $1300 4-21-31-2 **AGREAT VALUE** 1, 2 & 3BR with GATED ENTRY!!! HUGE w/screened porches FREE Alarm/Tanning/Gym Great courtyards/Pets welcome Move-In Specials! 372-0400 4-21-30-2 ***** 5 blocks to UF****** Charming historic 3BD, 2bth house. Polished wood firs, tile, W/D, very clean, back deck, private yard, no dogs. 8718280. 4-2-11-2 OHAMPTON OAKS 2 seconds to Oaks Mall. Brand new 2BR/2.5BA townhomes, 2BR/2BA flats & 3BR/3BA flats. Gainesvilles finest location. Come visit us @ 200 SW 62nd Blvd. 352-333. 8643, starting @ $850/mo www.silverwingproperties.com 4-21-29-2 FREE RENT 1 month free at this 2BR/1.5BA townhouse, new carpet & paint, dishwasher, W/D hookups, $475/rent 5320-B NW 20th Court Carl Turlington Real Estate, inc 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-10-2 ***10 BLOCKS TO UF*** Quaint 1BR/1BA apts in Historic Victorian House. Hdwd firs, AC/heat, fans. $450/mo, 376-2184. 225 SW 3rd Ave. 49-20-2 FREE APRIL RENT Avail April 1. 2BR/1BA apt near UF/BUtler Plaza. W/D hk up, C/AC, DW. bus rt. $500/mo. 3531 SW 29th Terr. 871-0677. 4-2-15-2 DUCKPOND STUDIO -berber carpet, high ceilings, water & pest control, $425/rent 414 NE 5th Avenue Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-10-2 WOOD FLOORS @ this cute 2BR/2BA, huge fenced yard, W/D hookups, lawn service, $675/rent 1931-B NW 6th Street Carl Turlington real Estate, Inc 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-14-2 Walk to SFCC 3BR/2BA brand new duplex home, 1200 sq ft, ceramic tile throughout, huge yard. $850/mo 331-6919. Vaulted ceilings, pets ok, W/D hookup 4-2-15-2 Available in Aug 2BR/1BA in duplex in quiet neighborhood. $550/mo. lst/last/&sec dep. Call 332-5585 4-2126-2 ASSOCIATES REALTY SERVICE Now leasing houses & condos for Aug Southwood, Tumblin Creek, Mill Run and Houses close to UF www.associatesrealty.com 372-7755 421-26-2 LARGE & AFFORDABLE 2BR/500 3BR/600+ GRANADA APTS 378-4969 0 1800 NW 4th St0 4-13-10-2 1 & 2 BD's @ UF Remodeled units avail!! Large Floorplans!! Pets OK!! From $460!! $0 SecDep w/cosign!! Avail Now -371-7777 4-21-25-2 GREAT HOMES GO FIRST 3311 NW 30th Ave, 4BR $1000 600 NW 54th Tr, 3BR $1100 4430 NW 16th Pt, 3BR $1500 SBR@Jacksonlic.com 495-9085 4-2126-2 Homestead Apts 2 bedrooms $569 $99 deposit & April Free! Now pre-leasing for Fall! 376-0828 4-21-26-2 $400/mo 2 bed apts & 1 bed cottages! Limited offer, hurry & call!,Historic downtown. Lofts & cottages. GRAND OPENING! W/D hook-ups 318-4553, 256-5485 4-21-26-2 Designated drivers are more valuable than diamonds. Alpha Epsilon Delta Pre-Health Avail Aug i rnl/.zr -,, vvv i s t. New kitchen and BA, fenced yard, central air, $1050/mo. 3712 NW 20th PL, ceramic tile, cathedral ceilings, $1100/mo Call Marty 514-2855. 4-21-25-2 2BR/1BA apt. W/D hk up. Ceiling fans, mini blinds, no pets 376-6985 $450/mo, $500 sec dep. 7222 SW 45th PI 4-1-10-2 STUDIO! MOVE-IN TODAY! Now thru Aug. $390/mo. Renewable for Fall! Brand new Kitchen, w/new applicances. Steps to UF! Call Today! 3766223 trimarkproperties.com 4-21-23-2 3 blks from UF. Starting May, 2BD/2.5BTH, $725. 2BD/1BTH, $470. 1BD/1BTH, $415. 1 yr lease, SD, NS, no pets. Call 352-870-7256. 4-21-23-2 1 blk from UF. Starting May. 3BD/2BTH, $1250. 2BD/1BTH, $800. 1BD/1BTH, $475-500. Eff $300-$310. Rooms in house $300. 1 yr lease, SD, NS, no pets. Call 352-870-7256. 4-21-23-2 4BR 2BA, close to downtown, parquet floors, living & family room, fireplace, washer/dryer, $1000/rent 1525 NE 6th Terrace Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-10-2 HUGE 5BR 3BA, large screen porch, New carpet, w/d hookups, lawn svc, $1500/rent, 3920 SW 20th Street Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-10-2 Huge 2BR/2BA. Over 1200 SOFT! Archer Rd. Near UF & bus stop clubhouse, pool, b-ball, v-ball, gym special: 1 mo. free or Dell PC!! $300/BR call 262-5262 Lv Mssg. 4-2-10-2 One beautiful 4BR/2BA available now minutes to UF. Fenced yard, 2000+ sq ft, $1125/mo w/discount, 1st, last, sec. 352332-2234. 3321 NW 30th Place 4-3-10-2 Available 8/1, 1915 NW 38th Terr, 3BR/2BA, 1 car carport, fenced backyard, 1100 sq ft, $1000 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 2718672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Available 8/1, 3321 NW 29th Ave, 3BR/2BA,large family room with bar, fenced backyard, 2 car garage, 2200 sq ft, $1300 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 271-8672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Available 8/1, 5212 NW 8th Ave, 3BR/2BA, close to UF campus, fenced backyard, 2 car garage, 1500 sq ft, $1000 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 271-8672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Available 8/1, 9532 NW 6th. Place, 3BR/2BA, family room, Ig screened porch, fenced backyard, 2 car garage, 1600 sq ft, $1100 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336.day, 2718672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Honor Society Presents: All proc~eeds benefiting 3at~rday, April 3,. -k)W -'TheSoridd"ohntntiter Parking Lot, UF Diabetes Ccpr Pcsix.,p ---------. Preregistration: $13 and a T-shirt, Day of the Race: $15 (T-shirt is not guaranteed on the day of the race) **Special Rate for Children 12 and under** $5 Preregistration, $7 Day of the Race Registration and Waiver forms can be picked up at the AED office in the Reitz Union, Room 327 or online at http://grove.ufl.edu/aed/. Check in and registration begins at 7:30 am the day of the race. Prizes and Refreshments for the participants* Any questions, please contact: Bianca: BPrev@bellsouth.net or Jill: JillCollins2@hotmail.com Sl 

PAGE 21

ailable 8/1, 1924 NW 39th Terr, /2BA, large fenced backyard. 2000 sq /-, $1100 monthly, 1st, last & security osit, call 372-3336 day, 271-8672 4-21-22-2 ilable 8/1, 71 SW 32nd St, 4BR/2BA, r UF, large fenced backyard, 2 car port, 2000 sq ft, $1600 monthly, 1st, t & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 1-8672 eve. 4-21-22-2 ****CUTE COTTAGE******* R w/study 0 quiet, secluded, NW ighborhood 0 900 sq ft 0 W/D 0 covd patio 0 close to UF 0 $600/mo 9 ail May 1607.5 NW 12 Rd 466-4171 -10-2 DUCK POND storic house, hardwood floors, lots of arm. Studio, 1BR, 2BR, available Aust 306 NE 6th St. Appointment only. 95 -$575/mo. 379-4952 4-13-15-2 blocks from Tigert Hall 2BR/1BA apts nt AC; newly painted, $615/mo upairs/hdwood firs, $595/mo downairs/carpet Inc. W/S/trash/pest. undry on site. No pets, avail 8/1/04. call 2-316-4474 4-21-21-2 4BR/2BA HOUSE Convenient to UF & CC. 1/2 acre yard, huge oaks, privacy nce. 1800 sqft. $1200/mo. Pets negoble. 262-9131. 4-7-10-2 IGH SPRINGS -BRING YOUR HORSEaradise found! Quiet apt on waterfront. ext to statepark. 15 min to Gville. 1BR 375/mo 318-4602 or 386;454-7562. 4-10-2 aster BR/BA in 3BR/3BA. $450/mo. All tils inc. Males only. Pool, spa, gym, ated, bus route, by mall. Call Matt 262251 or email listenman@hotmail.com 4-5-2 NW 39th Ave. 2/2, patio, loft, new wd attern fir, Ig open, bright, good area. 575-61002/2 $490-5100SW fancy 2BR. ear UF Ig kit, scn pch $530-5600Share BR $275-350 & $325-380. 373-8310 4-7-2 Spacious L1, 2, & 3 bedrooms. Gas and ater included in rent. Dishwasher in nits. Washer/dryer in some units. Moniored alarms. Call Country Village 373700 for more info 4-21-19-2 asablanca East 2BR 1.5 bath townhouse, washer/dryer hookups, new kitchen appliances, new paint in excel. condition. Occupy Now! $575. Andree Realty 375-2900 4-21-19-2 Place your classified the easy way -over the phone! Call 373-FIND. Rent -U(nfu nshe Apt for rent @ local animal hospital. Livein night attendant duties required. Perfect opportunity for consciencious student. Inexpensive living in a 700 sqft apt. Avail immed. Please call 377-3361. 4-9-10-2 1 BR & 2BR Apts avail for Summer & Fall. Within Blks to UF! Pick up list at Century 21 John Merrill Inc 825 NW 13th Street or 352-372-1494 or email list request to tazzie2l @bellsouth.net 4-2-4-2 1BR/1BA Apts 1 & 2 blks to UF $440/mo 1029 SW 3rd Ave & 1236 SW 4th Ave. Central H & Air Call Merrill Management Inc 372-1494 42-4-2 2BR/1BA 2 blks East of Norman Hall $515/mo NEWLY REMODELED 840 SQ FT 829 SW 5th Ave, St Croix Apts Central H & Air, Incids Wtr, swg, Pst ctrl, Garbage, Call Merrill Management Inc 3721494 4-2-4-2 **2BR/2.5BA CONDO** near UF, end-unit twnhm, W/D, DW, alarm, pest control, great SW location, pool, pets ok, Avail Aug, $765/mo 1160 sq.ft. Many Extras. Call 214-3820 4-12-10-2 **I'LL LEASE YOUR PROPERTY AND PAY FOR MAINTENANCE** Guaranteed rents. No more bad tenants or maintenance hassles. 24 hr msg 866601-6016 ext 41 4-21-17-2 AVAILABLE NOW _@2BR/2.5BA Mill Run $625 *2BR/1.5 Mill Run $625 *2BR/1BA Brandywine $525 Call Charlene 665-4106 4-12-10-2 Luxurious Victoria Station Twnhse. Walk to Butler. 2BR/2.5BA. W/D, alarm, pool, free ethernet. Bus rt in front every 15 min. $800-$850/mo NEGOTIABLE. Avail 8/1 Cell 222-4235. 4-21-17-2 2BR/2BA apt avail now thru Aug at Univ Club; cable, wireless int, w/d, gym, pool, comp lab $360/month NEGOTIABLE Call 352-256-0668 or 352-281-0888. 4-1210-2 2BR/1BA Apt 0 A/C 0 Carpet/tile 0 minis 9 hookups 0 no pets 0 deposit 376-2547 905 NW 40th Ave..........$450/mo 1037 NW 41st Ave........$450/mo 4-12-10-2 Victoria apartments is located in the historic Duckpond, live in a part of history. HUGE 1BR apt in a completely restored turn of the century home 603 NE 4 Ave $650 edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 NW 53 Ave 4-21-17-2 SCRABBLE" is a trademark of Hasbro in the US and Canada. @2004 Hasbro. Distributed by Tribune Media Services, Inc. All rights reserved. I F ] El i IN I Il D~1 4-] FH14Z][Z Dl DFDJF liPi FIj j Ii Rl uI PAR SCORE 150-160 BEST SCORE 224 1st Letter Triple Double Word Score L I RACK 2 L] 3 RACK 2 LI] RACK 3 LI] RACK 4 FOUR RACK TOTAL_ TIME LIMIT: 20 MIN DIRECTIONS: Make a 2to 7-letter word from the letters in each row. Add points of each word, using scoring directions at right. Finally, 7-letter words get 50Point bonus. "Blanks" used as any letter have no point value. All the words' are in the Official SCRABBLEO Players Dictionary, 3rd Edition. For more information on books, clubs, tournaments and the school program go to www.scrabble.assoc com or call the National SCRABBLE Association (631) 477-0033. 04-01 'THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004P ALJJUGATPR, 21 sles r U iun CLASSIC GAINES-VILLE COTTAGE 2BR/1 .5BA hardwood floors, new ceramic tile, $640/mo incl water. 2943 NW 6th St 335-3159 or 215-7199 4-5-5-2 LIGHT & SPACIOUS GARAGE APT 1BR, 200 yds from campus. Newly redecorated. Must see! $510/mo incl water 1321 NW 3rd Ave 335-3159 4-5-5-2 CLASSIC STONE COTTAGE4BR[2BA w/ha~dwood floors, great yard, 1 blk from campus $1535/mo incl water 1319 NW 3rd Ave 335-3159 or 215-7199 4-5-5-2 ***HOUSE FOR RENT!*** Avail May 7th! 3BR/1BA $945/mo. Dishwasher, W/D, huge backyard. Cent A/C & heat. 2 blks to UF. 1108 NW 3rd Ave. Call 377-9978 4-5-5-2 Beat the summer rush, great location, great Orice, 2BR/1.5BA twnhouse close to bus line, mall and more 6252 SW 8 :PI $550 edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4611 NW 53 Ave 4-5-5-2 **SORORITY ROW AREA** 1940'S Vintage stone 2bd/lba apt. Beautiful hardwood floors $675/mo. 375-8256 4-21-18-2 Historic Apartments. Ceiling fans, hdwd firs, high ceilings, some w/ fireplaces, 1BR/$450 upper, 2BR/$575, 2BR/$735, Studio/$335 1st, last, & sec. Downtown location. No dogs please. 378-3704 421-18-2 1BR apt for rent in charming old house. Wood floors, front porch. $425/mo. Call 352-219-5480 4-21-16-2 Upstairs apt for rent in charming old house. Wood floors, terrace 2BR + an office $650/mo. Call 352-219-5480 4-2116-2 $350/mo till Aug! 1 bed cottage & 1 bed w/ study. W/D hookups. Downtown historical district! Wooden floors! Great deal! www.rentalworkshop.com 3184553 4-21-16-2 ****Walk to UF**** Lg 3-4 BR/BA old house, next Norman. Avail 5/1 850/mo. Also 3BR/1.5BA on Archer Rd. Fenced back yd, new carpet. 500/mo Greg 376-3291, 214-3291 4r1410-2 3BR/2BA Home in upscale, quiet neighborhood. 3 mi from campus, 2 car garage, fireplace, screen porch w/jaccuzi. Avail Auglst $1200/mo. Call Mark @ 376-9238 SUMMER/FALL 2/2 APT Clean, walk to UF! W/D, DW, 10 ft ceiling, quiet, gerat location. Only $690/mo. Mitchell Realty 374-8579 (Dave) 4-5-4-2 Master BR w/pvt BA for rent. Walk-in closet, W/D, DW, alarm, gated yard, pets ok, 2 microwaves, privately owned home. 2 blks from NW 39th Ave & NW 13th St. $350/mo + 1/2 util. 256-7838 4-6-5-2 House for rent available May 1st near UF. 2 bedroom, 2 bath. Stove, fridge, water, furn. Mature per., drug free. $600 per mo. 1st, last, sec dep $600. 2012 NW 8th Ave. Ph (352)373-5789 Appoint only. 4-7-5-2 2BR apartment $400-425 Excellent condition Move-in specials. Call 336-9075 for appointment. 4-14-10-2 1/2 BLOCK TO UF 1227 SW 4th Ave. 3BR/1BA apt Aug 1st. Central H/AC, wood floors, extras $1050/mo. SCHACKOW REALTY. 352514-5060 cell, 331 -0590. 4-14-10-2 AVAILABLE AUG 1st BLOCKS FROM UF 3 & 4 BR HOMES. 1 & 2BR APTS & DUPLEXES. 1 room STUDIOS. Short term lease studio only. Pick up listings @ 3126 W Univ. carport or 377-3852. 4-21-15-2 Two 4BR/2BA houses near law school, SW, pool, .Avail Aug 1st, $2000/mo or $1700/mo. Call 407-351-9198. 4-7-5-2 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA at Countryside, -walk-in closet, wireless internet and all util incl. $400/mo move in ASAP female only. 727-207-4644. 5-11-35-3 Available now thru Aug! 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA at Looking Glass, 1 block to UF. Cable internet, W/D, living room furn. $450/mo Andrew 514-5046 or email andrew_k@bolt.com 4-7-20-3 2BR/2BA apt fully carpeted w/ TV in kitchen, pantry, walk-in closets, screened patio, W/D, cable & DSL incl. 1 mi to UF. Pool, gym. Take over lease May-Jul. 1 or 2BR avail. $830 954-217-1010 4-1-15-3 AVAILABLE NOW THRU AUGUST! Walk to class! All-inclusive, fully furn, prof roommate matching, pool, cable w/HBO, FREE Hi-Speed Ethernet, indiv leases. Going Fast! 376-6223 TrimarkProperties.com 4-21-29-3 Summer sublease @ Pebble Creek. 1BR/1BA in 3BR/2BA apt, practically on campus. W/D in apt. $333/mo + 1/3 utilities, no sec dep. NEG frawnyt@aol.com, 321-266-3212 4-8-25-3 1 or 2 rms avail in 4BR/4BA @ Lex Cr. May-July $350/mo neg incl furn, util, cable/enet, pool, gym. Bus rt. every 10 min. Call Jose 352-271-2253 jramos@ufl.edu 4-5-5-3 2BR/2.5BA townhome. Avail 4/21 thru 7/31. $800/mo. July rent FREE. W/D, pets OK. Call 352-246-4129 4-21-16-3 ***ENJOY PRIVACY?*** Walk to UF. 1BR/1BA apt furnished and clean. $445/mo OBO avail any time. Bea 904-247-4959, beatriz20 @ comcast.net 4-5-14-3 CHEAP SUBLEASE at Brandywine. Avail now til Aug. 5 mins to UF, room has porch, cable, TV & internet. Only $200/mo + 1/2 util. Call 359-2976 4-1-12-3 Female undergrad for own BR in a nice, spacious 3BR house in quiet NW sub div near UF. Fenced yard, hardwood floors, $320/mo + util, 381-5597 4-7-15-3 $400/mo 2 bed apts & 1 bed cottages! Limited offer, hurry & call! Historic downtown. Lofts & cottages. GRAND OPENING! W/D hook-ups 318-4553, 256-5485 4-6-15-3 Avail NOW! 1/1 in a 4/4 $430/mo incl all utils,-W/D, cable, ethernet 352-284-2454 4-6-15-3 3BR/2BA house across from ODome walking distance to UF. AC/heat, screened-in porch. $1130/mo. Sublease May thru July move-in date negotiable 102 NW 20th Dr. For info: 271-3558. 47-15-3 $350/mo incl utils 1BR/1BA for 1 or 2 females. 2 blks to UF. Brand new building w/ security, ethernet, pool, gym. Call Amanda 954-608-6066 Sarah 352-8709679 5-25-30-3 Summer sublease @ Gainesville Place avail May-Aug. 1BR w/private bath in 4BR apt. Indiv. lease, fully furn, ethernet, all util incl, no sec dep & free maid svc. $335/mo, on bus rt. Lauren 954-663-9077 4-1-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE! 1 Bedroom in 4BR apt avail May-Aug. W/D, internet avail. $280.74/mo Call Blain @ 813-294-0679 4-2-10-3 MOVE IN W/FRIENDS! BEST DEAL! Summer sublease Campus Lodge. 3BR/3BA in 4BR/4BA. All utils incl, fully furn luxurious apt. Indiv leases $420/mo ea neg. Call 336-8708 4-2-10-3 STUDIO for rent May-July. Renewable lease. $350 (negotiable) Furnished. Pool, W/D avail. All utils paid. 1 block from UF. Please call 376-6456 Lee. 4-2-10-3 2 BR 4 price of 1! Avail now-July Lg 1BR/1BA in 3/3 @ Stoneridge. Share w/ iM 3rd BR/BA as study/guest room. w/i closets. Pets OK. W/D $343/mo + 1/2 util. 352-870-0035 4-2-9-3 Awesome 1 bdrm apt for rent, near Duckpond, great neighbors, quiet location. Sublease or take over. $500/mo, W/D inc. Call Ani: 374-9751, 372-4554 ASAP. 4-2-10-3 SUBLEASE SUMMER in Looking Glass Apt, flex rent. Free internet and cable. Avail May. Call Dave @ 908-244-8631 4-3-10-3 1BR/1BA in a 2BR/2BA. University Commons West across from UF. May-July '04. $350/mo OBO. 863-381-6796 4-5-5-3 Awesome 1BR/1BA LOFT! 3 blocks from campus! Perfect for single or couple. Avail May to Aug.W/D onsite. $530/mo. Please contact Sarah @ 352-870-8354 $385/mo EVERYTHING INCLUDED! Summer @ Courtyards. 1BR in a 4BR/2BA. Across from UF. Includes inet, utils, cable, pool, parking. Cool roommates! Call Lauren 813-368-4373 4-610-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Campusodge. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA apt, incl W/D $350/mo. EVERYTHING INCLUDED! Sean2124@ufl.edu or call 850-217-9836 4-6-10-3 1BR/1BA apt avail May. Flexible end. DW, W/D, water included. Carpet, new balcony. Walk to campus, on the #16 bus rt. 750 sq ft. $470/mo. Call 352-219-1393 4-2-8-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE Available May. 1, 2, or 3 BRs furnished in 4BR/2BA at Courtyards. Across from UF. $385/mo incl cable, util, internet, parking. Call Rebecca 352-317-5725 becs16@ufl.edu 41-7-3 Spacious apt avail for sublease in Madison Pointe beginning May. Female grad student pref. NS to share apt w/ 2 other grad students. $295/mo + 1/3 bills. Call 846-6088 ribbeckr@ufl.edu 4-6-10-3 WALK TO CAMPUS 2BR/2BA $675/mo sublease thru July 31st. W/D, new carpet & paint, free parking, pets OK. Call Mitchell Realty 374-8579 4-6-10-3 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA Melrose. Available 5/1 -8/15, female pref. Only $390/mo, price neg. Call Shakira @ 381-2639 4-17-3 EVERYTHING INCL! All util, hi sp net, HBO, pool/spa, gym, W/D, furn. Full kit, all appliances. 1BR/pvt BA in 4BR/4BA condo Countryside. Sublease 4-28 thru 7-31. $415/mo OBO 72.7-487-3453 4-610-3 2 BLOCKS TO UF. 2/1 House only $460/month. 1016 SW 8th-Ave. (352)375-1011, (305)586-1066. Fully furnished. 4-7-10-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA great townhouse. Furnished/unfurnished. $395 rent negotiable. HBO, gym, pool, W/D & 2 fun, neat, responsible roommates. Avail imm. email Ikay@ufl.edu 4-7-10-3 Spacious, quiet 2BR/1 BA, DW, near UF & Shopping. Bus to campus/Shands.-Smail pets OK. Avail June I-Aug 1. $549/mo. Avail for yr lease after Aug 1. Homestead Apts. 3611 SW 34 St. 246-3091. 4-7-10-3 Univ Club 10x13BR pvt BA. Entire apt completely furn, W/D, 50" TV, pool & gym. 2 friendly quiet roommates. Free sec dep, 1st mo $250, then $350/mo -utils incl. 395-7640 or 954-729-1161. 4-7-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ CAMPUS CLUB 1 or 2 BRs avail in 4BR/3BA apt. May 3 thru Aug 6. Fully furn cable, enet, W/D, all utils incl. Conv bus to campus $400/mo Call Maria 514-0400. 4-7-10-3 Summer sublease 1 block to UF. Walk to bars, class. 1BR in 2BR house avail early May-Aug $350/m 514-0553 4-7-10-3 **SUMMER SUBLEASE** 1BR in 4BR/4BA apt. Avail May-Aug at Univ Terrace turn apt for $300/mo. Incl util and cable. Female only, call 246-4330 4-1-5-3 Summer Sublease @ Lexington Crossing. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA ic everything -cable, util, enet, phone, turn. Avail May thru Aug. $350/mo NEGOTIABLE. Call Ruben 954-816-9876 4-1-5-3 Summer Sublease @ Sterling Univ Glades. vail May 1st. 1BR1BA in 3BR/3BA -everything inc. $400/mo 060. Call: Kim 407-733-5700 or email kim17935@ ufl.edu 4-15-15-3 2BRs in 3BR house avail May 15th near law school. Study, W/D, cable, ireless mnet, etc. option of renew lease in August. $350/mo. Call Jenna @ 278-3078 or email jennap324@yahoo.com 4-15-15-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE HUGE 1BR/pvt BA in beautiful 3BR/3BA townhouse. All utils, hi sp inet, W/D & turn living area. No dep. $415/OBO. Great Deal! Avail 5/1 -7/31 352-222-1659. 4-8-10-3 Classifieds... Continued on next page. 

PAGE 22

22, ALG ATOR N THURSDjAY, APIRL;4r, .004 1BR/1BA in 3/3. W/D, utils @ Oxford **WALK TO CLASS** 2BR/2BA available May 1st for summer. Manor. May -Aug $450/mo. Call Lauren. 1 bedroom avail in 2/1 house behind NorMaster BR has attached bath & tiled walk 239-272-8135 or lolatotalus@yahoo.com man Hall. Avail summer A. great price! in closet. $390/mo 2nd BR & BA $370/mo. 4-1-5-3 Call 262-7200. 4-12-10-3 W/D, huge screened front porch. Call 514-2471. 4-7-5-3 LODGE•.2BR/2BA in 4BR/4BA apt. Avail any summer term. Fully furnished, utils paid, with cable & internet. Rent is very NEGOTIABLE. Call Rob 352-256-4683 4-1-5-3 SUMMER Sublease: May 1 -Jul 31. 750 sq ft. 1 BR/1BA @ SunBay Apts. $470/mo, willing to deal. DW, GD, Wat, Cats OK! Furn avail! Eric @ 352-371-4045, sphyg@hotmail.com 4-8-10-3 1 or 2B6R avail with Shared BA in 4BR/3BA. Campus Club: Furnishe .All utils, ethernet, cable & maid svc incl. May-Aug. $360/mo neg. Call Ira 407-3752036. 4-1-4-3 1 BLOCK to UF Hardwood Floors, 2BR/1BA, Furnished or Unfurnished, Rent Negotiable, Avail May 1, 338-9052. 4-2-5-3 Studio house avail May 3 for whole summer and next year. 3 blocks from campus, partially furn, rent negotiable. Jessica 246-8876 or ufsoccerl2381 @aol.com 412-11-3 Sublease nice 2BR/2BA Downtown apt. Great location, friendly atmosphere. Walk-in closets, high-speed internet, phone & cable. Rent $810 Avail Anytime. Lease ends July 30. Call 870-7231. 4-25-3 Real Bargain!! Furn 1BR/1BA for female in 3BR/3BA sublease. No sec $300/mo OBO (must leave for work) incl all utils, HBOs, pvt phone, enet, GREAT location. Close to UF. Nice roommates. Avail NOW. 352-256-9341. janetjia@ufl.edu 42-5-3 Furnished LEXINGTON CROSSING 1 BR/1BA in a 4BR/4BA. Cable & ethernet. Avail May 1 -Aug.9. $350/mo incl utils 2711545. 4-2-5-3 Half block from campus'Summer Sublease -furnished 1BR/1BA apartment. $399/mo OBO -rent very negotiable. Call John @ 258-2214 or email jpc140@ufl.edu 4-2-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE Avail May @ Universitx, Club Apts. 3BR/3BA avail in 4BR/4BA furn apt. $300/mo + 1/4 utils. incl wireless inet & BIG screen TV. Great bus rt 5-10 min. Cheryl 352-335-0465. 4-1-4-3 Female roommates wanted to live in a beautiful house, very close to UF. Spring and/or summer. Has Ig pool and pvt fence. $500/mo incl. all utils., cable & internet. Jackie 395-7462/941-780-3526. 4-9-45-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA available now in The Laurels. April rent paid. Great roommates, hi-spd internet, dig cable. Rent negotiable. Call 870-4510. 4-2-5-3 2BR/2BA in Arlington Square Apts located downtown. Available May-August. Very clean. Rent very negotiable. Call Jim at 352-256-6873. 4-2-5-3 $100 OFF EACH MONTH'S RENT GREAT LOCATION!! Summer sublease at Looking Glass. Clean 2BR/2BA. Ethernet. Across street from campus, next to bars. Call Zach 222-3808. 4-2-5-3 AVAIL MAY 1st THRU AUG. 1BR/1BA @ Lexington. W/D, all util, cable, int, phone & furn. $400/mb OBO. Call Allison 2711640. 4-5-5-3 FURNISHED 2BR/2BA townhome $375/mo per room. Includes all util! 3 min frm UF. Flex availability, April thru Aug. days are pro-rated. Call (352)337-8144 or (407)920-0688. 4-5-5-3 HUGE j BR/1 BA. W/D avail, beg of May. $348/mo. Built-in shelves, huge living area, pool, close to campus, can provide turn for summer sublease. Stoneridge Apt. sublease/lease. Call (352)246-6769. 2BR/1BA Bungalow in Duckpond. Sublease May thru July..Furnished. Perfect f6r one person or couple. $585/mo negotiable. Call 352-338-1048. email: ekligerm @yahoo.comn 4-5-5-3 $250/mo + 1/4 utils 5 blks to UF. 1BR in 4BR/2BA house. Avail immed. Call Charlie 262-9469. 4-5OIrIVVI ri 5.I UUIGt~l5U 1U11I lll .V1 Ue t IIII I.I in 4BR/4BA @ University Club Apts. Apt is above office reserved parking BR looks over pool! Utils incl 50" TV! Wash/dry incl ethernet. $345/mo Evan (954)465-3364. 4-5-5-3 *Cheap* summer sublet 1BR in 3BR/2BA apt. Huge furnished room. Near 34th St/SW 2nd Ave on 3 buslines. $200/mo. Pool, W/D, parking. M or F. 281-5580 4-5-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE Big 1BR/1BA Furn/unfurn. Located downtown Arlington Square $350/mo OBO. Call 514-3225 412-10-3 GREAT DEAL! 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA apt Lexington Crossing. Furn, phone, util, W/D, enet, cable, HBO + more. 2 bus rts. Avail May thru Aug: $375/mo NEG Call NOW 271-2204 4-5-5-3 SUMMER @ THE EXCHANGE Furnished 1BR/1BA in a 3BR/3BA luxury apt. Enet, cable, near pool, utils & everything incl. $350/mo. Call Rob 352-262-7709 4-5-5-3 CHEAP SUMMER SUBLEASE! For 1BR/1BA in Lexington. Individual lease, close to UF, tons o.f amenities. EVERYTHING INCLUDED $425/mo. Avail May. Call Jessica @ 271-2048 4-27-22-3 1 FREE MONTH 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA @ COUNTRYSIDE. Nicely furn. Dining & LR, W/D, walk-in closet $390/mo incl utils. Renew option for fall 377-0920 4-13-10-3 4 bedroom house (+Florida room) 4 sublease $975/mo. May 1 -Aug 1. Keep my sec dep & W/D. A few blocks from UF. Huge backyard, screened porch. Rachel 271-6250, Chris 335-5937 4-14-11-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Spyglass apt 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA all util incl, cable, internet, W/D, walk-in closet ONLY $295. Call Natalie 786-423-0445 4-6-5-3 Campus Lodge $300/mo, summer 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA apt. Fully furn, everything incl. Call Ross 745-6590 rpniner36@aol.com 4-6-5-3 1BR/1BA in Arbor Loft. No sec dep. $350/mo May 5 -July 31. 2 Blocks from campus! 379-1778, kschuler@ufl.edu 49-8-3 Take over my lease this summer w/ options to renew for Fall. 2/1 next to campus. Pets ok. Call 214-207-3856 4-20-15-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Rocky Point Apts. $250/mo + 1/3 util. Avail now! DSL, cable, lots of space. Contact Graig 7451849 .-2-3-3 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED in 4BR@ Sterling from May to early Aug. $300/mo invl all util, furniture, enet & W/D. Call Diane @ 352-256-1210 4-6-5-3 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA, fem pref UNIVERSITY CLUB. Rent negot. apt furnished! May-Aug, 7 min on bus ride to UF. Call Nikki 561-302-9089 email nikkil1@ufl.edu 4-13-10-3 *Summer/Fall -University Club* 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA Apt Avail ASAP. April rent, sec & util dep covered! Call Mike @ 281-7920 or superdude22@cox.net 4-13-10-3 WALK TO UF! Summer subleases College View Apts 2BR/1BA $450/mo Available May Call 258-3751 4-13-10-3 1 BLOCK TO UF (May to Aug) at Courtyards. 1 or 3 rooms in 5BR/2BA. $370/mo each. All utils, cable, ethernet incl. Furnished. 352-380-0307/uflease@ yahoo.cbm 4-7-5-3 SUBLEASE @ MELROSE Avail any summer term. 1 female roommate in 4BR/4BA. Fully furn. $300/mo rent incl everything. Call Megan @ 321-794-7582. 4-5-3-3 SUMMER @ THE EXCHANGE 1BR/1BA furnished. All utils included. W/D. Jeremy 214-7397. 4-7-5-3 GREAT DEAL! Melrose summer sublease avail when needed. fully furn, ethernet, W/D, util, phone, 2 pools, health ctr, all only $405/mo for Ig 1BR/BA. Call Paula at 352-335-3932. 4-6-4-3 UNIVERSITY COMMONS WEST 2 person apartment, free cable with HBO. Very quiet $425/month. Call 352-3593434 ask for Evan. 4-9-7-3 1BR/1BA Pine Rush apt 20th. 20, 21 bus rts 05/01-07/31 LIVE ALONE quietly $350/month OBO pets OK 384-9623 leave message. 4-14-10-3 $400/mo May-Jun 1BR/1.5BA. Very spacious 2 story apt. 10 min walk to UF, also on bus route, lots of parking. Call 3779341. 4-2-2-3 ***Sorority Row Area*** 2 large rms avail in house behind sorority row. Fenced yard W/D, Pets ok, DSL, porch & lots of parking. $.300/mo 3722996 -Paula. 4-7-5-3 CollegeSublet.com The Place to Look for College Sublets and Year Round Listing. Check Us Out! 4-11-3 LOOKING GLASS APARTMENTS 1 block to campus/bars 2BR/2BA Both rooms avail. May-Aug Call 246-3907. 4-7-5-3 BEAUTIFUL HOUSE! WALKING DIST TO UF! Avail 5/04-7/04, female only $350/mo EVERYTHING INCL + yard, tile, all fun except BR Call Meredith 352-262-3327 or mereak@ufl.edu,,price negot. 4-7-5-3 *2 BLKS TO CAMPUS!* 2BR/1BA or 1BR w/den, $635/mo. Avail 5/3 352-338-7559. 4-7-5-3 Big 2BR/1BA $450/mo OBO. Save BIG. Avail NOW thru 7/31 or longer. Walk to UF/Shands. 3 pools. Remodeled bath, high ceilings. Call 335-3919. 4-7-5-3 Great house off 13th, 3BR/1 BA, W/D incl, pets ok, cent AC/heat, wood firs, $400pp/mo, w/o util, garage, carport, f/b yards. lyr lease beg Aug 1st. Call 3779397. 4-5-3-3 *SUMMER SUBLEASE* Gainesville Place*2BR/2BA. Both rooms, fully furn, W/D, includes: cable, util, enet. Each room $400/mo 377-7741 4-6-5-1 RoommatesI Roommate Matching HERE -Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-21-71-4 *F/M wanted for 2BR/1BA 0 Only 2 blocks from UF. Apt is furn, your BR is unfurn. Great apt w/DSL. You pay: $285/mo + 1/2 util. Call Jesse: 377-2609 4-2-29-4 NS female, clean, responsible roommate to share 3BR/2BA house in Hickory Forest subdivision. $385 + 1/2 GRU bill. Cable & phone included in rent. 352-262-3989. 4-21-28-4 4BR/4BA COUNTRYSIDE CONDO W/D, DW plenty of parking, hi-spd inet, cable, $400/mo incl utils. Call Katie 378-0041 4-13-20-4 3/2 avail in beautiful, large 4/3 Syr old house located in quiet family neigh. Fully furn common area. Must be clean, responsible, NS. Starting from $365/mo + utils. Avail 8/1. 376-4421 or 246-4519. 4-21-25-4 Female roommate needed for 3BR/2BA house. Avail immediately. Fully furn except BRs. SW Gville on bus rt. $325/mo + 1/3 utils. Call 941-321-4447 4-1-10-4 Female, own room in big, furn, 3/2 NW, home; W/D, wireless. Near SF/UF & bus. 4202 NW 15th Pl. Neat, friendly student, NS, no pets, $350 + util 246-6719 4-2124-4 Countryside @ University. Close to UF. 3 rooms available for fall in 4BR/4BA condo. Females pref. Hi-spd inet, elec, dig cable, W/D. $420/mo furn. $250 sec. Call 954-336-3620 or 954-817-0269. 4-11 blk from Uf. Starting May. Large 4BR/1BTH house. $300-320. lyr lease, SD, NS, no pets. Split util. Call 352-8707256 4-21-23-4 ****l BLK TO UF**** Large private room for male, next to Norman Hall, older house, hardwood floors, utilities incl, $250-$300 per month. Greg 376-3291 or 214-3291. 4-14-20-4 **WALK TO UF** Room for rent in newly renovated NW house, incl util, hispd net, HBO cable, phone, sec system, parking, NS, no pets $395/mo. avail 8/1/04 727-385-3675. 42-10-4 Music House: Rm avail soon! Huge house, Ig pvt yd, 1.5mi to UF on bike path, W/D, sat, DSL, Dig rec studio. Cool, sane. Great place. Pref musician/student, poss trade rent 4 work $300/mo 371-9409 421-22-4 A PLACE TO CALL HOME Responsible roommate for 3BR/3BA. Immediate & summer opening. On major bus rt. Close to UF. Large BR w/pvt BA. $450/mo. Has turn if needed. All utils incl. For inquries call 284-2810 4-6-10-4 Beautiful Home in trees. Quiet street near UF. Fun people, gourmet kitchen, cheerful fireplace. hi spd DSL inet, cable TV, W/D, cent A/C, Ig yd. Comfortable. $330 + $50 utils. 352-271-8711. 4-2-5-4 COUNTRYLIVING 3 bedroom home in Newberry. Private BR/shared bath. Hot tub/satellite TV. Need 1 person. $300/mo + share utils. Call Bob or Judy 331-8940. 4-9-10-4 Roommates needed for clean spacious 3BR/2BA apt furn except BR's Many amenities. NS, pets welcome. $310/mo + 1/3 util each. Avail Aug 1st. Call Jessica 377-0094 or peteyl @ufl.edu 4-5-5-4 Female roommate NS no pets for 3BR/3BA furnished Rockwood Villa. $350-$430/mo incl utils, internet, cable except phone. Fall-& summer lease. Call 407-766-7103 4-6-5-4 Male roommate wanted -mature, serious student only. Share 2BR/2BA condo. Pool, exercise room & laundry facility. $300/mo + 1/2 utils. $300 sec dep 352528-6873 4-6-5-4 4-1-2004 CLUE Caught Perfect Type of scarf Franklin's wife CLUE ACROSS ANSWER PDATEPR DILAE TSAOC REOLNAE DOWN Protective cap, cover Batting Fish eater Eastwood role ANSWER LHETMIB EGAAREV LAEPCIN RRDFITE BONUS CLUE: This national shrine consists of a home and about 640 acres. How to played t rzzIbyIon at the clues an ply un4rarbllng theanswer&Whenthep ie is omplte, unscram*le the irdledletter-s to sokethe ONU5. O il 1 2 M u w h -g a J (d -0 W OU -M O O M O, J A Y -0 3 1 4 u W t LLL .-0 1 2 W0 4 'ib W & & w vd uO"l YZ 3 lV7Y1029 I'-V9 Pvdw.YI :GS3MGNV aHDi)i. =slv s'Send comments to TMS -435 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 1400, Chicago, I. 60511 or DLHWtokLcm eSY(JBLUT BRAND GRAMS SOLUTION IIRACK2= 80 IP31 RiISKIEEIIHT RACK 4 = 59 PAR SCORE 150-160 TOTAL 224 SCRABBLEO is a trademark of Hasbro in the US and Canada. C2004 Hasbro. Distributed by Tribune Media Services, Inc. All rights reserved. 

PAGE 23

'THURSDAY APRIL 1, 2004 MAL LIGATOR, 23 ~~~~~Furnishings Jfh l sinV"] Motorcvydes MopeI acious new home in quiet neighborod. 1 room avail in 3BR/2BA house. eking clean responsible student. 30/mo + util. Call 352-871-6135 ALSO 2 room avail fall 4-13-10-4 *4 BLKS TO CAMPUS** [BR in huge 3800 sq ft House w/pool! kitchen, wood floors, big screen TV, Ig iveway $425/mo + util. Cory 904-23414 or 352-373-9015 4-21-16-4 oommate needed to share 3BR/2BA furshed house in SW area, with male prossional school student. inc W/D, DW, ble modem & garage. $375 + 1/2 util 11352-264-8149. 4-7-5-4 emale roommates wanted to share BR/2BA townhouse. Recently remodled, furn except BR. W/D, kit appl, micro, /C. All util incl except ph. Pool, club-. ouse, on bus rt. Avail summer term & 004/05 school year. $425. Please call auren 359-2395. 4-9-7-4 OUNTRYSIDE @ UNIVERSITY. 400/mo unfurn. $420/mo furnished. 3 ms avail for fall in a Condo 4BR/4BA. able, digital TV + all util incl except hone. Call Kim 941-545-1502. 4-14-10Real Estate ell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATORCLASSIFIEDS! Reach over 24,000 possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone. Please Call 373-Find Quadraplex, Triplex, or Duplex with Private Parking. 60 Seconds to UF. Excellent Condition. For sale now. 352-538-2181 Iv. mssg. 4-21-71-5 St. Augustine on Oyster Creek. 5 blks to downtown, 2 mi to beach, converted old church 6BR/6BA, mother-in-law suite, huge porch, hardwood floors, $293k, owner finance 336-0048 4-21-35-5 Huge duplex for sale. Rent pays your mortgage. Hardwood fIrs, fireplaces, claw foot tub in garden bathroom, dishwasher, cnt AC/H, W/D. $193k, owner finance. 336-0048 4-21-24-5 4BR/4BA condo for sale. Countryside at University. Quiet 3rd floor. gated entry, over pool area, newly remodeled. Avail end of April. $149,900 OBO Call Bill 954868-2343. 4-9-15-5 2BR/BA condominium for sale. 1350 sq ft. Very spacey rooms! Living room, dining, kitchen. 2 floors -more privacy. Asking $55,000 or best offer! Call 331-1467 or 514-1485 4-5-7-5 MAGIC MAZE 0 Beds*Full mattress & boxspring sets $490 Qn sets $89 0 Single sets $39 0 King sets $99/ 0 from estate sale. Safe pine bunk bed $109. 376-0939/378-0497. Call a mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave. 4-2171-6 Bedding close-outs *All wrappedein plasticetwin sets $790full sets $1190Qn. sets $1390King sets $1899student discounts apply*4370 SW 20th Ave. 376-0953, we deliver. 4-21-716 BED-Queen, orthopedic, firm, extra-thick pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Sacrifice $150. call 352-372-7490 will deliver 4-21-71-6 BED -FULL SIZE ORTHOPEDIC Pillow top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/ warranty. Can deliver. Sacrifice $140. Call 352-377-9846. 4-2171-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT Brand new still packaged w/ warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1400. Sacrifice $399. 352-372-7490 4-21-71-6 BED -King Pillowtop mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never used, in plastic with warranty. Sell $230. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-21-71-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED, solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed, Cost $1500, sacrifice $550 352-2715119. 4-21-71-6 BEDROOM SET. 7-pc Cherry. Queen/king bed, dresser w/ mirror, 2 nightstands, chest avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500 must sell, sacrifice $1400 (352) 372-7490 4-21-71-6 SOFA, LOVESEAT & CHAIR. 100% Italian leather. Still new in boxes w/ warranty. Cost $5,000. Sacrifice $1,500. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-21-716 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-3728588 4-21-71-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/mattress. Brand new, all unused in box. Sell $199 can deliver. 352-377-9846. 421-71-6 55 gal aquarium & woodbase w/ decor ($200/OBO), white wood crib ($70/OBO), wood dresser/mirror ($50), and 2 black Acoustic Lab speakers ($25). Call Mark/Janelle 374-6867 4-1-5-6 -ME OKI E FCRANODRA PX VSQOKOL VTRP FANOTT I KCOS LJ ETHFMUD V T I V(G O OD N S ATOEBMKN WBD A I H C R AE JHTECATX I TBYGX ES S)REP VB IGVE SBUZ XWETUTL RREYQOON L J A O 1 G F E A L ORD Y C AHT IWRAEBENYTXW ICARGDTSRP Find d l hmdwords in du diaram. They run m all direction ftnWard. bkwad, up. down 3•diy. WVSUO Bear with Gracious Search Believe It beats Sock it to Dear Ifs beyond Try and make Goodness Leave it to Wait for What about Woe is You've got 4 SOFAS USED $350/all WILL SELL SEPARATE 262-6173 4 *-4-6 32" NEW TV $375! TV stand available too. Couch $40. Recliner $30. and more!!! Call 373-5906, leave message if we are not there. 4-5-5-6 Sofa $150. Dining Set $50; Coffee Table $50. ALL OBO. All less than a year old. Call 514-3225 4-5-5-6 Lg Computer desk $75, Ig wicker dresser $60, Ig dorm fridge $50, 19"color TV $40, camcorder nice $65, portable sewing machine $50, gas lawn mower $50, futon .nice $160. Call 335-5326. 4-2-2-6 + Computers 4-21-68-7 Computer HELP fast! A+ Computer Geek House/dorm 59 min response. No waiting/unplugging/hassels. $10 Gator Discount. M/F Cert MCSE technicians. 333-8404. www.AComputerGeek.com 421-68-7 CASH PAID FOR LAPTOPS Any quantity working or not. LAPTOP SALES & REPAIR www.pcrecycle.biz 336-0075. 4-21-71-7 TOSHIBA DESKTOPS -500 Mhz, 6 GBHD, 64 Meg RAM (expandable to 256), CD Rom, 15" mon, kybd, mouse, spkrs, Win 98 & Office 2000 installed all for $175. 386-717-7190 4-16-16-7 *Electronics DISCOUNT HI-Fl 722 S. Main 9 The Red Bldg WE ARE CHEAPER -71-8 GATOR CAR ALARMS Take a bite out of crime $99.95. Installed FREE. Gainesville's oldest car alarm and car stereo specialty store. 373-3754 Audio Outlet. 4-21-71-8 BicyclesI In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds. NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE Many to choose from 01Best Prices in Town* SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W University Ave 4-21-68-9 For Sale -PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-538-2181. Can leave mssg. 4-21-71-10 SCOOTERS, SCOOTERS, SCOOTERS Quality scooters as low as $1099. 6 brands to choose from. 0% financing available. 518 SE 2nd St. Gainesville, FL 377-6974 www.RPMmotorcycles.com 4-21-71-11 *** SOLANO CYCLE *** Mopeds from $750 -Scooters from $1099 Large Selection from Kymco, Hyosung, many others. Financing Avail. 3550 SW 34th St. 338-8450 www.solanocycle.com 4-21-71-11 CASH PAID: For motorcycles, scooters, ATVs, or dirt bikes in ANY CONDITION! Prompt pickup. Call 352-262-4673 anytime. 421-33-11 1996 SUZUKI GSXR-750 Blue & white. Perfect -not a scratch. Yosh titanium hi-pipe, Marvic wheels, Corbin seat, new tires, ZG Double Bubble. $5000 Call 352-262-6621. 4-1-10-11 UNDER WARRANTY 2003 UM X-PEED 50 50cc 3 months old less than 100 miles. $1400/OBO Call-332-8664. 4-2-7-11 2 person SCOOTER 50cc Eton Beamer 2500mi -perfect 2001 -barely used graduating senior -$1500 OBO call Jill 352-336-0135 or 904-535-4815 4-8-1011 RIDE TO CLASS! 50cc SCOOTER Starting at $875. Cheapest prices in Gainesville. Check out www.swampcycles.com or call1352-373-8823. 4-2-5-11 2003 QINQI SCOOTER Less than 1000 mi. Excellent condition. $750. Helmet and raingear included. jjf 11 @ufl.edu 4-6-5E Autos *FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CAR* -*Running or not!O *NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS *Over 10yr svc to UF student's *Call Don @ 215-7987 6-17-71-12 CARS-CARS Buy* Sell* Trade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTOSALES 373-1150 4-21-71-12 DON'T BUY A LEMON Complete on-site inspections by certified master mechanic. hate to shop? Let us shop for you! CAR SEARCH 375-5924. www.mycarsearch.net 4-21-71-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! Hondas, Chevies, Toyota's etc.! For current listings Call (800)319-3323 ext. 4622. 4-21-71-2 **FAST CASH PAID** For Cars, Trucks, Motorcycles Running or Not 1990 & up only Call Ray 352-284-8619. 4-21-71-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING** *POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK* ON SITE AVAILABLE Call Steve 338-5142. 4-21-71-12 OVER 30 IMPORTS UNDER $5000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.selectmotorcar.com 4-21-71-12 BEST CARSOLOWEST PRICES www.39thavei mports.com 4-21-71-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES We will beat any competitor's cash price by 10%. Cash cars available as low as $599. Call Now 352-338-1999 4-21-7112 SUN CITY AUTO SALES Lowest Down in Town, No credit check. More than 150 vehicles in stock. $2000 Discount on any finance vehicle. Call Now 352-338-1999 4-21-71-12 *ECONO CAR* AUTO RENTAL Daily,* Weekly,* Monthly,* Yearly Exchange Student,* Visiting Prof *As low as $395* *378-4987* 4-21-71-12 I BUY CLEAN CARS NICE IMPORTS WANTED WILL PAY CASH SELECT MOTOR CAR 2715 N MAIN ST. 377-1616 4-21-73-12 FAST CASH I buy cars and trucks RUNNING OR NOT I also sell nice running cars Call Raul 316-2080 2001 BLACK CAMARO SS Mint, every option, GMMG exhaust. 9000 miles. Not one scratch. Runs perfect. $25,000/OBOCall1352-262-6621 4-1-1012 94 MITSUBISHI MONTERO LS, 4W/D, 7 pass, SUV. Good condition, 150k miles. Green w/ roofrack, hitch, PS/PB/PW/PL, remote. AC works good. $4800 352-2224923 4-2-3-12 Buying a Car? See picture online www.AutoGainesville.com 4-13-10-12 Auto Gaines vilfle Fred All Your A uto 1Necerisi 4-13-10-12 97 MERCURY SABLE GS sedan, green, automatic. 84780 miles, cold AC, excellent condition$3200 (352)335-8627 M-F 7-10pm Sat-Sun all day. 4-2-2-12 Wanted LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: GOLD, DIAMONDS, GEMS, CLASS RINGS, ETC TOP CASH $ OR TRADE. OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY. 373-9243 4-21-71-13 HELP WANTED: Totally blind lady needs trans on Sundays only to Mass @ Queer of Peace Catholic Church or St. Augustine Catholic Church. For more info call 219-6948. I live in the Tower Rd area 4-1-13-13 OLAPTOP computer like new, @ min: 1 Ghz speed, 256 MG mem, 5GB HD cap. CD/DVD/speakers 9 21 "-24" TV, like new condition. Contact southernrehab@yahoo.com 4-6-5-13 Help Wantedl This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest .that any reader who responds to advertis. ing use caution and investigate the sin cerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meet. ings the independent fierid& alligator Assistant Production Manager Looking for an enthusiastic and innova tive person to head the Night Productior Staff from 5pm to lam. Need to be F motivator with good organizational skill! who works well with others under dead line. Duties include hiring and traininc University students in page layout anc graphic design of the newspaper. Mus have experience in Adobe products in cluding Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign and Acrobat. With resume please include cover letter that includes salary require ments for you to be considered for thE interview. Benefits included paid holi days, insurance and excellent working en vironment. Send information tc Production Manager, The Independen Florida Alligator, P0 Box 14257, Gaines ville, Fl 32604-2257, or email vbean@al ligator.org. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 4-21-34-14 No jobs available but we are paying casl" for used CD's and DVDs. Giant inventors of hard to find CD's. VHS tapes $ 3, anc less. HEAR AGAIN CD's 818 W. Univer sity. 4-21-71-14 Interested in Modeling? Visit http://www.danncaps.com/modelx.asp for info on this exciting opportunity. 4-5 63-14 Classifieds... Continued on next Page. 02004 by King Features Syndicate, Inc. Wodd inght rsovodIll 

PAGE 24

A At 1 "41 TLT i )TA'AV'Ap1i 14AA Middle-aged partners for r Serious only 21-71-14 **Gj P/j F/T, advancement Apply M&in/NW 13 S 4-21-71-14 LI U..I -I I IlJIX.JlJF'IFl/ '.Ln. 11 h-UILP" 1 t2~~ I UPS HelpWantedBEU ~ I~ Help WanteddnHe Wanted millionaire needs business **Get Paid For Your Opinions!** CAMP COUNSELOR JOBS Salad Bar/Deli 720 SW 2nd Ave Lobby. EBAY JOB OPPORTUNITY. apidly expanding business. *Earn $15-$125 & more per survey!* Top ranked children's camp located in 2 part-time positions. FT Must be avail summer semester. Need PT & T 800-323-1588 4*www.paidonlinesurveys.com* The Poconos Mtns of Pennsylvania seekClose to campus/start immediately. professional; skills in web design & great 4-21-62-14 ing cabin & specialist counselors to teab Flexible schedule 352-377-2600 4-2-6-14 Eba.y exp. $1500mo Resume to MATOR MOVING** team sports, tennis, gymnastics, water CASH!! ,.front, outdoor adventure, art & more. ApEarn extra cash, popular Gville company 1-3-14 flex hrs. Good pay, tips Tired of sitting around w/out it? Sit here ply online at www.pineforestcamp.com seeking people to tape review sessions t. Class D license preferred. & make it! UFFLORIDAREPDIALSlasting 2-4 hrs. Exp not needed. Email MOVIE WATCHERS can earn up to $1200 5 0 C l a s D 3l i c e n s r f e r d & m k t U L O I A R E D A4 -2 1 -2 3 -1 4 l a tp g 9 8 a o C m H i n g A P 4 -5 -p r w e t o e t a d w t c m v e s i h 505 NW 53 Ave BT seeks UF students to raise funds. Earn cpgf982@aol.com. Hiring ASAP 4-1-5per week to rent and watch movies with 3t. Bring friend to work with. up to $8.00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedSUNCOUNTRY SPORTS CENTER 14 friends and family. Apply online ... ......... I--A nwww.moviemobom 4-5-5-14 LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Shop helperM-F lpm-6pm, alt Sat 9-3 Fall/Spg. Must be at least 21, clean driving record, drug free, pers ref, pre-emp screening. Close to UF. 2205 SW 13 St. 4-21-717-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard working person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. Will train, PT to start with more hrs possible. Start at $5.50/hr. Flex hrs. Please call 495-9024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-21-7114 Certified Nursing Assistant class. Home schooling, learn @ your own pace, time, & convenience, fast or slow. $200. 18 yr. exp RN Lic #25.23562 Call free 4 more info 1-800-566-4913 4-21-71-14 $250 a day potential/bartending. Training provided. 1-800-293-3985 ext 2306. 4-21-71-14 Phone,survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 4-21-7114 Students in Accounting, Business/Sales and IT needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/employment 4-21-71-14 DOMINO'S PIZZA World's largest pizza delivery company now hiring delivery drivers. $9-$14/hr AlI you need is a reliable car & a very positive attitude. Apply @ any of the Domino's locations. 4-21-71-14 BARTENDING $250/day potential No experience necessary, training provided 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-21-71-14 UFSRC -SURVEY RESEARCH NO SALES! $7/hr+bonus Bilingual+UF students. Must work eves, wkends, summer break weeks. Call M-F, 10-5, 392-2908 x105 4-21-71-14 ADVERTISING SALES Local area business is looking for Account Executives for existing accounts and new customers. Paid training, excellent benefits. 246-1333. $30,000-$55,000 first year potential. Email resume.to Ben Amponin at ba5879@yahoo.com. Drug test and proof of clean DMV record required. 5-11-72-14 EARN $60 THIS WEEK For 2 Lifesaving PLasma Donations NEW DONORS: BRING THIS AD FOR AN EXTRA $5 ON YOUR 2ND DONATION! Walk-ins Welcome! DCIBIOLOGICALS,LLC NW 6th Street 378-9204 4-21-71-14 $15/hr LIOUOtf. & WINE PROMOTIONS. promogirl.com 4-21-71-14 Business websites, complete from $7.95/mo. 3 months FREE, No set up fee. Includes graphics and credit card interface. http://bumblebeeworks.com '4-2171-14 Attractive, thin females who smoke daily or weekly needed for confidential phone interview. Selected callers earn $40. Leave name & number, your call will be returned. 866-670-9915 Toll Free. 5-27S27-18 ule. Apply at 105 NW 16th St. 4th floor, Academic Classroom Building 105, or call 392-7754 for more info. 4-23-72-14 Time Customer Service, Inc. is hiring part-time seasonal Telephone Sales Representatives. Competitive salary, plus performance bonuses! Must be able to attend 2 weeks of paid training. Apply MondayFriday at 4110 SW 34th Street, Suite 20. For directions, call 379-5842 EEO/AA 4-21-59-14 COUNSELORS and Instructors needed! Coed summer camps in Pocono Mtns, PA Apply online at www.lohikan.com or call Lohikan, 1-800-488-4321. TOP SALARY PAID! 4-21-46-14 HIRING DRIVERS $8-15/hr, easy schedule. Call 2-6pm 3782442. California Chicken 4-21-41-14 $$ STUDENTS GET CASH $$! For gently used brand name Clothing/Accessories & Furniture @,SANDY'S We pay $$ on ihe spot -no appt needed 2906 NW 13th St. (Across from Sam's Club) 372-1226 4-21-40-14 MAKE $$ TAKING ONLINE SURVEYS Great opportunity for students! Earn $10-$125 for surveys or Earn $25-$250 for focus groups. Visit www.cash4students.com/ams-uf 421-35-14 Part-Time Leasing Consultant Lease apts. and earn cash! Energetic people for PT work. Customer service exp. needed. Must have afternoon and weekend availability. Great work atmosphere! Apply: Paradigm Properties 220 N. Main St. 375-2152 4-21-71-14 GIRL SCOUT CAMP hiring Counselors, Lifeguards, Nurses, Boating Inst, Arts/Crafts Dir, Equestrian Staff. Live-in positions 6/1-7/26. Salary + meals & housing. 1 -800-347-2688 or kkeene@girlscouts-gateway.org EOE. 47-20-14 Earn $10/hr Nationwide Mortgage lender has immediate sales position avail for college students seeking professional work exp. No exp required, flexible hrs. Apply in person btwn -A-9pn Mon-Fri, 1900 SW 34th St, Suite 206, 2nd FI (Above Credit-Union) American FINANCIAL 4-21-26-14 Counselors Needed! Residential Easter Seals Camp Serving disabled Children & Adults. Ropes course, swimming, A&C, etc Salary + R&B 352-383-4711 4-21-26-14 TECH SUPPORT POSITION AVAILABLE Great opportunity to gain resume building experience in the technology field. Strong verbal/written communication, and computer proficiency required. $6/hr. Email resume: jobs@usbmis.com 4-112-14 SALES CLERK $6/hr. part-time. Call Sandy's Consignment Boutique. 372-1226. 4-1 -10-14 RECEPTIONIST 9am-lpm Mon-Fri, Begins $7/hr. Mail or bring resume to Wellspring Psychiatry & Psychotherapy 5618 NW 43rd St. 32653 in Waterford Park. 4-2-10-14 PAINTER HELPERS WANTED Daytime hours $6/hr Call 378-7013 Iv mssg. 4-9-1 5-14 needs summer camp counselors. Apliyn person @ 333 SW 140th Terr. 331-8773. 4-2-10-14 Calico Jacks is now hiring kitchen staff. Accepting applications Monday -Friday 2-4pm. No phone calls please. Location: 3501 SW 2nd Ave in the Creekside Mall 4-5-10-14 RGIS Inventory Specialists Looking for part-time auditors starting wage $7.50/hr. Apply @ www.rgisinv.com 4-21-22-14 NOW HIRING -ALL POSITIONS $12-35/hr. Apply online www.work-for-students.com 4-5-10-14 work smarter. not: harder. Tutors Wanted For Biology, Chemistry, Physics and Math Please call 352-359-1081 or email jobs@whiznotes.com 4-1-7-14 NOW HIRING SUMMER INTERNSHIPS Sales, mgmt, and marketing program open to UF and SFCC students. Av'g 1st summer students earn $7500. 3 hr credit. Call 352-264-7314 9am to 5pm SW Co 4-13-15-14 SUMMER JOBS! The YMCA is accepting applications for camp counselors, lifeguards/swim instructors and customer svc. reps. Apply in person at 5201 NW 34th St. 4-7-10-14 Florida Sheriffs Youth Ranches -Camping Services is looking for summer camp counselors. Employment dates May 21 Aug 6. Please call Michael Brannan @ 352-477-2259 for more informati-on. EOE/DFWP 4-21-20-14 ARC of Alachua County, Inc Apply at 3303 NW 83rd St, or fax resume to 352-334-4080 or email wthompson@arcalachua.org Job Line 334-4060 ext 281. FOE, Drug-free. Residential Habilitation Tech: Looking for caring, honest & energetic persons to assist developmentally disabled adults. Ideal applicant would possess a 2 yr degree or two years working withe developmentally disabled, medical, children or the elderly or two years of post-high school education in a related field. Applicant must be able to pass the required DCF background screening 4-57-14 Behavior Assisstant -2 positions, behavior analysis coursework min. BA and autism pref. Must have car. Pvt home teenage male, incl personal care. Fax resume 375-4268. Poss use towards cert 4-1-5-14 DENTAL FRONT DESK -Dental-scheduling & computer experience a must. Must like children. Fax resume to 375-4268 41-5-14 MODELING FAST EASY MONEY Great pay. No experience necessary. Must be 18 or older. For more info call 305-345-6969 4-1-5-14 LIFEGUARDS & SWIM INSTRUCTORS NEEDED in Jacksonville & St Augustine area. Good pay, fabulous faculties. swimbiz @comcast.net of 904-880-5156 4-9-1 1-14 BEE F-O-BRADY'S Now hiring experienced wait staff & kitchen help. Apply within 6500 SW Archer Rd. No calls please. 4-1-5-14 French Addiction now hiring fun sales people w/retail exp. Web sales exp helpful. Call Mary Jane 352-281-1968 4-2-6:**STU[DENT WORK** ,PT/FT Flex Schedules -Great Pay Customer slaes/svc. Cond apply. workforstudents.com Call 367-4444 4-25-14 SPRING EXPANSION Secure summer jobs. Must fill 21 positions by summer. Customer sales/svc. $12 base/appt. Positions filling quickly. Call ASAP 367-4444 www.workforstudents.com 4-2-5-14 SALES ASSOCIATES F/T and P/T for hotel. Hourly + bonus. Weekdays & wkends. Friendly attitudes w/good customer svc skills. Apply in person: 4021 SW 40th Blvd. 4-2-5-14 Wait staff -Sign up to help us w/a catering event on April 17. Get some extra cash for the summer. Also sign up for other upcoming events or help us in some of our Java locations. Fill out app @ B-23 Reitz or Classic Fare Catering Office. 4-9-1014 Bookkeeper/Marketing Assistant for top notch jewelry designer. Full or Part time. Craftsmen also. Will train. Resume to info@ RellerGold.com 4-2-5-14 Now accepting applications for Resident Assistant and Apprentice Resident Assistant positions for the SUMMER B 2004 Semester. Applications are available from Kathy Smith in the Department of Housing and Residence Education Office, and are due by 4:00pm on April 15th. For further information contact Kathy Smith at 392-2171 ext. 10139. 4-15-14-14 LEGAL ASSISTANT Self motivated, organized, dependable, professional. Phone, computer, people skills. 20-30 hrs per week. Start 6-7-04. Call Marisa 352-379-1900.4-9-10-14 OFFICE HELP NEEDED! MS Word, MS Excel exp. Light schedule including designing flyers and client relations. Call (352)732-3786. 4-9-10-14 PT/FT COOK/KITCHEN HELP AND CASHIERS. Daytime. Will train. Apply in person at MAUI TERIYAKI in Alachua location next to Hitchcock's. 4-9-10-14 PT/FT COOK/KITCHEN HELP AND CASHIERS. Daytime. Will train. Apply in person at MAUI TERIYAKI in Tower Rd. and 13th St. locations. 4-9-10-14 PT NANNY -M,W,F 9am-2pm to 1 toddler. Need ASAP thru summer. Must love outdoors & playing. Bilingual/Spanish is a plus. Ref. Required. Call Maria after 5:00 381-7322. 4-9-10-14 Enthusiastic sales help needed for Etc Boutique. Prior boutique experience required. Resumes accepted Tues & Thurs. 1lam-6pm. 2441 NW 43rd St. Ste. 23. Thornebrook Village. 4-2-4-14 15 yr old billion dollar company expanding into Gainesville. Create own schedule.' Perfect for students. NOT telemarketing. Call 877-656-3344. 4-21-17-14 VALET PARKING Fulltime & parttime people wanted. Must be customer-oriented & dependable. Call John @ 1-800-386-5369 Good Pay! 4-55-14 Now Hiring -Wendy's @ Shands Hospital. Only neat, friendly, fast and hard working need apply! Great pay and opportunity for advancement! Apply in person or call: 379-9333. 4-5-5-14 TUTOR POSITIONS The UF Teaching Center is accepting applications for Business, Engineering,Math, Physics & Science Tutors. Call 392-2010 or apply online at www.teachingcenter.ufl.edu 4-5-5-14 WAREHOUSE POSITION! Gville Recycling Plant. 3pm to 11l:30pm. Duties consist of handling recycled newspapers, may include glass, plastic & metal. 352-732-3786 4-16-14-14 "COMMERCIAL CLEANING CO seeking crew shift. Night work, few hours, will train, schedule neg. please call for appointment @ 352-374-9669 from 8-12am 4-1-3-14. -Designated drivers are life-savers. 7 -7 1 Sky Nite Club is looking for new bouncers & promoters for the largest Saturday night party in Gville. No exp nec. Organizational or Greek affiliation a plus. Email picture & resume to skyniteclub@aol.com 4-6-5-4 EXPERIENCED SWIM LESSON INSTRUCTORS AND COACHES NEEDED May -mid August. Call 335-0518 4-1613-14 HARDWORKER Local publishing company seeks motivated self-starter M/F to prepare pkgs for mailing. Must be smart, fast & accurate. Excellent base pay & bonus. Call 3313661 4-1-2-14 Local business needs website created. Price negotiable. Email info to oginfla@aol.com. Please included info & sample site you designed. 4-8-7-14 WAREHOUSWE WORKER NEEDED. Morning hours Mon -thru Sat. Contact Brian or Greg. Boston Seafood Wholesale 352-335-7933 4-13-10-14 DREAM OF BEING A CALENDAR GIRL? DO YOU LIKE TO DANCE, SOCIALIZE, MEET EXCITING PEOPLE? "FLORIDA'S ANGELS" IS HOLDING A CASTING CALL & INTERVIEWS IN GAINESVILLE AREA, APRIL 7-9. WE ARE LOOKING FOR NEW HOT REPRESENTATIVES TO BE PART OF OUR PROMOTIONAL TEAM, OPENING RESTAURANTS, THEME PARKS, NIGHT CLUBS, ETC. HAVE FUN WHILE EARNING MONEY AND BE PART OF A NEW CONCEPT THAT IS ABOUT TO TAKE OFF. CALL 352-377-1005 FOR AN INTERVIEW APPT 4-6-5-14 SWIM SHOP needs PT help to sell ladies' swim suits. Apply SWIM & SKI COUNTRY. 3501 SW 2nd Ave, 378-8751. 4-97-14 The Reitz Union Productions Department is now accepting applications for student assistant positions. Productions employees work in a fast-paced environment setting tables, chairs, staging, and audio-visual equipment for meetings and banquets in the Reitz Union. Apply online at http://www.union.ufl.edu/jobs/. 4-7-514 ADMIN ASST. WANTED Flexible schedule, F/T, for a local magazine in an exciting environment. Email resume to jobs@ insitegainesville.com 4-9-7-14 DRIVERS NEEDED gatorfood.com Earn great cash daily, set your own schedule. Call Dave for info: 379-9600 4-7-5-14 OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR needed. Gatorfood.com is looking for responsible, enthusiastic people. City geography knowledge, customer svc. exp. helpful. For more info call David 379-3663. 4-75-14 Answers -ME 

PAGE 25

SUMMER CAMP COUNSELORS ON CAMPUS INTERVIEWS FOR PREMIER CAMPS IN MASSACHUSETTS positions available for students as counselors in all team sports including Roller Hockey and Lacrosse, all individual sports such as Tennis & Golf, Waterfront and Pool activities, and specialty activities including art, dance, theater, gymnastics, newspaper, rocketry & radio. GREAT SALARIES, rooni/board/travel. 6/17-8/13. For more information & to apply: MAH-KEE-NAC www.campmkn.com (Boys): 1-800-753-9118 DANBEE www.danbee.com (Girls): 1-800-392-3752 Campus Interviewers Thurs, April 1st. loam to 3pm in the Reitz Union Rm 349 $$WEEKLY$$ eBay opportunity now available!!! www.makemoneyeveryweek.com 4-7-5-14 Services AAA STORAGE Close To UF, Convenient 4x4x4 $20/mo 4x8x8 $35/mo 533 SW 2nd Ave. 377-1771 4-21-71-15/mo. resume to behrus IMPORT AUTO REPAIR BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nisban, Mazda. Quality Craftsmanship & Reasonable Prices. Near UF, AAA Approved. 378-7830. www.carrsmith.com. 4-21-71-15 THUR$PAY, APRIL 1, 2001AjfJIGATQR, 25 31. Services HYPNOTIST-StOP smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Eliminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn selfhypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079. 4-21-71-15 TLC HORSEBOARD. All facilities & ammenities; quality instruction; 15 minutes from UF. Jan at 3767762. Greathouse Equestrian Ctr. 4-21-71-15 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Local and long distance moving. Free Estimates One item or a housefull. FL Reg # IM19 Call Now! (352)374-4791 800-797-6766. 4-21-71-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-21-71-15 ** BELLY DANCE ** *Classes Mon-Sat.* Ethnic Dance Expressions Studio For Fun & Fitness 384-9200 www.ethnicdanceexpressions.com 4-21-71-15SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE FARM Boarding Lessons/English 0 Parties/Woodsers Alachua County's oldest & finest horse farm 0 466-4060 4-21-71-15 ** **BANNERS* SIGNS**** ENGRAVED AWARDS 0 EXHIBITS CUSTOM PRESENTATION POSTERS www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 Los Angeles Times Daily Crossword Puzzle Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis ACROSS 1 Uses selfishly 5 Spill the beans 9 Included 14 Med. school basic 15 Depend 16 Japan's capital until 1868 17 South African tribesman 18 A party to 19 Co-Nobelist Sadat 20 Stranded on a diamond, literally 23 Pot starter 24 Something to flick 25 Psychic injury 27 Basutoland, now 31 Cleaning aid 34 Assn. or org., e.g. 35 Be that as it may 38 Slight downturn 39 Chestnut horses 41 H, to Zorba 42 Whistle times 44 Not cloudy: Abbr. 45 On the level 48 Corleone's creator 49 Hogwarts's Keeper of Keys and Grounds 51 From Lhasa 53 Beverly Cleary girl 56 Noted diarist 57 Doofus 59 Legal access, literally 64 Vinyl players 66 Dreary 67 Scottish isle 68 Enter, as data 69 Kind of menu 70 Disturb 71 Break 72 Graph header? 73 Vogue rival 2 Weight 3 Shindig 4 Tough to budge 5 Eggy roll 6 Fast time 7 Up 8 Comedian John 9 Wanted-poster letters 10 Go-getter 11 Blue, literally 12 Coup d' 13 Scale sequence 21 College hoops event, initially 22 Lad's date 26 It often comes after once 27 Hardwood tree 28 "The Hot Zone" subject 29 Undecided, literally 30 Oast, for one 32 Tokyo tourist stop 33 Lexmark competitor 36 Nancy's summer 37 Tweed's caricaturist 40 Leveling wedge 43 Beach party sight 46 Redolence 47 Photo on metal 50 Line from the center 52 Personal data, briefly 54 Elie Wiesel work 55 Match 57 Transistor holder 58 Director WertmQller 60 Concert site 61 Figurative eye covering 62 Indigo 63 Samuel Morse's alna mater 65 Sault __ Marie ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE: IIIl 0 E IR y E ,IT Y 1 xwordeditor@aol.com A 04101104 DOWN .By A n Ar 04/01/04 1 Mist tc)2004 Tribune Media Services. Inc. Stumped? Call 1-900-226-4413. 99 cents a minute SPORTS SUPPLEMENTS, INTERNET PRICES. Gainesville Gym Pro Shop 201 NW 6th St, ph:376-8400, EAS, Optimum, Metrx, Detour, Twinlab, Worldwide, DPA. 4-12-5015 GET IN SHAPE NOW! Join Gainesville Gym, bodybuilding, weightlifting, 201 NW 6th St. ph: 3768400, 1 month only $20.00 for men, women, FITNESS. 4-12-50-15 TRAFFIC SCHOOL ONLINE Take Points off Your Driver's License From Home or School With Quick, Easy Online Courses onlinedrivingschool.idrivesafely.com 4-5-20-15 TUTOR -IMPROVE YOUR GRADES! Chemistry & Math by PhD Chemist, 7 yrs exp. Clean, understandable explanations. Friendly, relaxed. Call 215-4058 4-6-1515 LIFE SHARPENERS Are you ready for life's challenges? A Life Coach can help you strategize, reach your goals faster, realize your potential, & much more. FREE introductory ession. To learn more, email: coachike @ bellsouth.net 4-7-16-15 STORAGE PRE-LEASE SPECIAL No Hassles Free Lock 0 Pro-Rated Close to UF 0 All Sizes 0 No Deposit Archer Road Self Storage 371-4296 Southwest Storage 374-4444 4-2-10-15 Stay at home morn can watch your kid anytime. Pay negotiable. Call Jenny at 352-367-0487. 4-8-6-15 Health Services All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-21-71-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $99! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199. 4-21-71-16 URGENT CARE/WALK-IN MEDICAL Students -No Appointment Needed! FIRST CARE OF GAINESVILLE 4881 NW 8th Ave #2, 373-2340 Most insurances Accepted 4-21-63-16 FREE SAMPLES Sports performance nutrition/weight loss. Try it out. Limited supply. Local. Call 248-345-2982. www.firstfitness.com/bforeverslim2 4-2-15-16 Acupuncture/Alternative Medicine National/Board Certified Walk-ins ok 804A NW 16th Ave 379-6171 Allergies, Respiratory Digestive Disorders and More. 4-2-5-16 **17 STUDENTS NEEDED** Lose 2-8lbs per week All natural, safe, Doctor recommended. Guaranteed. Call today 888-344-7950. 4-5-5-16 TypigSrie SAME DAY TRANSCRIPTION, Spanish/English translation, typing, apps. Desktop pub: brochures, newsletters, flyers, ads, logos. Resume service. 16 yrs exp. 24 hr turnaround. Connie 377-2411. 4-21-71-17 NEED HELP WITH PAPERS? Get them critiqued by a UF grad with a degree in English! $5/page Call Kristy 375-2422. 4-7-5-17 Anonymous HIV Antibody Testing Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional-$20 fee) SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480. 4-21-71-18 GUNS! GUNS! GUNS! 1800 Gun Inventory Over 500 handguns in stock Buy, Sell, Trade or Repair. Reloading Supplies 466-3340 Harry Beckwith, Gun Dealer 8mi. South of G'ville on 441 4-21-71-18 *Fanmily Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-21-71-18 CASH for CDs + DVDs. Buy-sell-trade Giant inventory of hard to find CDsCD's $6.99 and higher. Buy.2 get a 3rd free. VHS $5 & less HEAR AGAIN CD's 818 W. University. 4-21-71-18 Vegetarian? TRY BOOK LOVER'S CAFE Inside Books, Inc. 505 NW 13 St. 10-9 384-0090 4-21-71-18 $ STUDENTS GET CASH $ For trendy, used clothing & furniture. Get cash on the spot! Call Sandy's Consignment 372-1226. 4-21-70-18 FLASHBACKS PAY CASH for clothes. We buy 10-5, M-Sat. open to shop til 6. We also buy household items 211 W Univ Ave 375-3752 4-21-62-18 $98 EYEGLASSES. ADONIS! 367-0077. Good stuff, Lots of it. Exams available. Mention this ad. 4-2162-18 Loving Cath. couple seeks to adopt child to join family. Child will be raised in a home filled with love and joy. Contact Amy Davis at 1-800-590-1108. Ref #101, Agency License #1202-61 4-21-50-18 Loving couple seeks infant for adoption. Call 1-800-532-4115 and enter 00 or email us at jngadoption@cs.com. Not an agency. Bar # 0846627 4-21-49-18 GRADUATION & WEDDING INVITATIONS! Hand addressing with calligraphy. $1 each. Email Piano2288@aol.com or call 352-256-9477 5-6-5-18 Connections I Chat live free, gay str-8 or bi. Call the Singles Network free @ 373-7272. 24hrs. Great way to meet cool people It works. Email: mix@Thematchmaker.net 4-2171-19 Professional middle-age male who works nights wishes to meet female of same for friendship. Email scorpion@gru.net for reply 4-21-32-19 **TO GIRL IN CAMO PANTS SHOPPING @ GATOR BEVERAGE: To redeem missed opportunity call guy in line Sat. night 3/27. 871-4319. 4-7-5-19 Event. Notices Is your organization planning an event? You-can place your notice in this section for as little-as $5.50 for five lines! 373-FIND. UNION STREET FARMERS' MARKET Every Wed. 4-7 p.m. downtown UnionStreetFarmersMkt.com 4-21-71-20 $450 GROUP FUNDRAISER SCHEDULING BONUS Fraternities -Sororities -Student Groups. 4 hours of your group's time PLUS our free (yes, free) fundraising solution EQUALS $1000 -$2000 in earnings for your group. Call TODAY for a $450 bonus when you schedule your non-sales fundraiser with CampusFundraiser. Contact CampusFundraiser 888-923-3238 or visit www.campusfundraiser.com 4-1-8-20 Attention student filmmakers: Win $2500 in the ACLU college freedom PSA contest. Entries due April 16. Go to www.zilo.com/aclu for more details. 4-25-20 WALDO FARMER & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255. 4-2171-21 FIRST STRIKE PAINTBAL G'ville's Most Exciting Field! Call for the best group rates! 352-338-8408. 4-21-71-21 ROCKYCREEK PAINTBALL In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better. Call 371-2092 Tickets, Your ticket to savings...Alligator coupons! Find them everyday in the nation's largest college newspaper. ***EUROPE $438 RT*** Student Eurailpasses also avail Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-21-69-22 ***WEST COAST $188 RT*** LAX, SFO, Vegas, Phoenix, Seattle & More! Gator Country Travel 373-1992 Fl Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-21-69-22 ***AIRFARE $138 RT*** NYC, Wash. DC, New England, more. Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-21169-22 E Rides GMG TRANSPORT 20 Yrs. as the Officia! So. Fl. Bus Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $40 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.GMGTRANS.com 4-21-71-23 Miami Bus Service $35 R/T W.P Bch, POMPANO, MIAMI Departures: Fri 2:00 & 4:30 pm 335-8116 www.miamibusservice.com 4-21-71-23 *GO-TRANSPORT.COM* New Personalized Shuttle Service G-ville to Orlando Intl. Airport Rates from $75 352-219-6479 www.GO-transport.com Pets Graduating or going home for summer? CAN'T KEEP YOUR REPTILES? Call me. 352-380-0218. 4-2-10-24 100 GAL FISH TANK w/ canopy & cabinet stand, wet/dry filter. Salt ot fresh water setup. $225/OBO. Call 352-428-8938 4-2-3-24 Lost & Found Everybody knows how awful it feels to lose something. If,you find something, call the Alligator at 373-FIND and we'll place a free "Found" ad for you in this section. (Offer does not apply to "Lost" ads.) Be kind to someone Who's lost what you've found. FOUND: MEN'S WALLET found at Fuel concert outside Palace Wed night. Call 813-842-9668 4-1-3-25 FOUND: PAIR OF GLASSES near Century Tower @ around 9:30pm onMonday. Call 352-870-5699. 4-5-3-25 Il 

PAGE 26

APRIL 1, 2004 UF FOOTBALL REPORT Spring allows for QB to learn By GREGG GIRVAN Alligator Staff Writer ggirvan@aIligator.org It is easy to get lost in the shuffle when your job competition broke most of UF's freshman passing records. As The Sporting News' Southeastern Conference Offensive Freshman of the Year, and with numbers like 2,167 yards, a 60.2 completion percentage and a pass efficiency rating of 134.8 for 2003, it's hard to imagine Chris Leak losing the starting job. However, as backup quarterback Gavin Dickey participates at baseball practice on most days, redshirt freshman Justin Midgett is getting the reps he needs to develop. "It gives him an opportunity to get a good feel for where he's at in the offense and for us to get a good feel for where he's at," UF coach Ron Zook said. While the crowd c spectators standing at each practice might see a player that is struggling, Zook quickly dismissed that notion. After all, it's Midgett's first s|ving like the other freshmen. "Even the freshmen who played a lot last year, it's their first spring," Zook said. LINE ON THE MIND: For the 2003 Freshmen Defensive Player of the Year, his job may become easier as each spring practice passes. Linebacker Channing Crowder feels the looming defensive linemen in front of him cannot be ignored. According to Crowder, it is the sheer number of up-and-coming players that brings some excitement -players like Joe Cohen, Tree Morant and 2004 signee Brandon Daniel, who unexpectedly had pushed 300 pounds entering camp. It is those space eaters that allow Crowder to be himself. "When they finally get the defense and see what they can do with it, it's exciting because if the offense has to account for the linemen, you can run free as a linebacker and hit SEE FOOT, PAGE 28 NiCK Wst / Alligator StaT UF redshirt freshman quarterback Justin Midgett has seen increased time on the practice field as the Gators' backup quarterback, Gavin Dickey, is splitting time between UF baseball and football. Spring's Home Stretch The UF football team has less than two weeks remaining of spring practice. That means the players have less than'two week to:learn the system and to make an impression before summer workouts., Here's a breakdown of the remaining schedule. Dates and times are subject to. change. Dat. Thursday Saturday Monday Wednesday AprI9 April 10 *Orn& ad Blue gme The* 4:30pm 9:3am 4:30pm 4:3Opm ~TBA I P. Practice Field stadium Practice field Practice Field TBA I ~SOREBARD NBA Miami Heat Atlanta Hawks Chigago Bulls Orlando Magic 100 97 109 91 U The UF baseball team played host to in-state rival Florida State Wednesday night but nine innings was not enough to settle the outcome. See story, pg. 27 N The UF track and field throwing team has had a record-setting season in 2004. Check out its story in Friday's edition of the Alligator. mNHL: Florida at Tampa Bay Sunshine Network, 7 p.m. U NBA: Sacramento at Dallas TNT, 8 p.m. I' Gators hoops has no savior on horizon ere it is -a column about Gators basketball just days before the Final Four. It's everything you dreamed of back in December when UF was anointed the No. 1 team in America and you gave a quick fist-pump. But this is reality and I set out to observe the Gators' next possible phenom. His name is Corey Brewer and he's UF's first McDonald's All-American since Anthony Roberson. Ever since Bonell Colas' career ended against Manhattan, I've been asked questions about the 6-foot-8 Brewer. He's known as a top-notch defender and a tall wingman who could instantly become a starter for Billy Donovan. While I've read about him, seen his statistics, talked to his mother and even spoke to him once, I've never seenbim in action. So I figured Wednesday night's McDonalds's AllAmerican game, showcasing the best high school talent in the nation, would be the perfect opportunity to see a first glimpse of a potential star. Once again, it was disappointment for the Gators faithful. Not that Brewer played poorly, but he barely broke a sweat and UF fans were unable to really see the talAndrew ent that has made him one of the topAbramson 24 high school players in the nation. Drew's Control Unfortunately this was the year aabramson@alligator.org of the pro-child, where nearly every starter in the high-school game is considering trading in his gym sneakers for an Armani suit. Brewer came into the game with little fanfare while Dwight Howard and Sebastian Telfair, younger than you in age but soon to be wealthier than you could imagine, shared the spotlight. As soon as the commentators said Telfair was hyped since elementary school, I knew the apocalypse was coming. It's been rumored that as many as seven of the first 15 picks could be from high school, forcing players like David Lee and Roberson down on the NBA wish list. So Brewer was a mere afterthought and had no shot at playing anything other than garbage time in this dull matchup labeled NBAAll-Star Game 2010. Brewer finally made it to the free-throw line in the second half, making 1 of 2 free throws. He at least looked like he'll fit in with his teammates, with his tall but lanky frame. He didn't attempt to take over the game and looked content to be a role player. It's not fair to judge a player after a brief showing in an all-star game, and Brewer could immediately be the best defender on a team as defensively challenged as the Gators. But he's not the physical big man the Gators need. The problem is that those big men were in the game, but using it as an opportunity to boost their NBA resume. Interestingly, these kids weren't even in high school the last time the Gators made a run in the Tournament. And as the game was coming to a close, I couldn't help but think that even after his national television debut, I still haven't really seen Brewer play. I saw enough, however, that I won't be counting on him to be UF's savior. ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/sports & I I 

PAGE 27

THURSDAY, APEEII[AW ALLIGATOR, 27 BASEBALL Record crowd witnesses rebound win against FSU Nick West/ Alligator Staff UF pitcher Connor Falkenbach relieved starter Steven Porter with 5. innings of shutout baseball, which allowed the Gators to overcome an early 4-0 deficit. By LOUIS ANASTASIS Alligator Writer Ianastasis@alligator.org The Gators went from heaven to hell to heaven again -all in the same game. Behind the encouraging voice of a McKethan Stadium record crowd, the UF baseball team (25-5, 5-1 Southeastern ConferenCe) rebounded twice to defeat the Semifoles 7-6 Wedn'esday eveng. Down one run in the b0ttomobf the 11th inning, the Gators tied the Seminoles (21-8) on an Adam Davis run and then won the game when Florida State shortstop Bryan Zech couldn't handle a routine grounder, allowing right fielder Ben Harrison to score the winning run. "I kind of peaked my head to take a look, and I saw the ball booted to the outfield, so I stomped on the plate pretty hard," Harrison said. Harrison was close to sitting the game out because of a stomach virus, but played after visiting UF's infirmary. Though Harrison said he lost significant weight over the past few days, UF coach Pat McMahon says he and other players have gained invaluable experience through the game. "A .!l:,of young men on both teams grew up today," McMahon said. "To be champions, these are things you have to UF softball defeats",Au-burn-i 0 THE GATORS OFFENSE ROLLS TO AN EIGHT-RUN MERCY-RULE VICTORY. By BRYAN APP Alligator Contributing Writer Critics of its offense had better speak softly, because the UF softball team is listening and liable to prove them wrong. The No. 13 Gators (34-6, 11-4 Southeastern Conference) followed up their Tuesday night doubleheader wins against No. 22 Auburn CHEAP LSAT COURSE LSAT Course Auction Provided by: Test Prep ~A~IW~jFand W Admissions For more information, visit: grove.ufi.edu/~ufpad (26-7, 8-4 SEC) with an impressive. 11-3 victory against the Tigers for their first conference-series sweep of the season. UF experienced an offensive explosion on Wednesday, putting up 11 hits to score its 11 runs in only six innings, as the game was called due to the eight-run mercy rule. Freshman Melissa Zick continued her consistent batting performance going 2 for 2, but more importantly, she received assistance from a previously slumping UF lineup. Kristen Butler contributed with a 2-for-4, three-RBI performance, as did Lacy Howard who went 2 for 3 with ahome run. "It just takes one hit, and then we're on. fire," Howard said. "It was really exciting to see the whole team do great today." Things seemed to be fallButler ing apart early for the Gators as a throwing error and a wild pitch with a runner on put the Tigers up 2-0 in the first. "If they're going to beat us, go through." The Gators had all but won the game entering the ninth inning, but with two outs and a wer on third base, UF closer Darrerribt~ay allowed FSU outfielder Matt Sauls to score the tying run. The RBI came courtesy of UF first baseman C.J. Smith's good friend, Shane Robinson. The flawed inning failed to demoralize the Gators. ,.!t"A lot ofiNUng men on both .-teams up today.To be champions, these"are things you have to go through." Pat McMahon UF baseball coach "I never thought we'd lose," Harrison said. "I knew we'd have to come in and rally." The Gators appeared to put their offense together throughout the game but didn't convert until the sixth inning when the team scored five runs, topping FSU's four-at the time. With thebases loaded, pinch.hitter Stephen B,#60'brought the throng of orange and but. o its feet with a blooping two-run single .to left. field. Two batters later, freshmancatcher :Brian Jeroloman continued theiike hero fI rs w ,Z yre goi g -to have t really work • *dto beat us," Cbacharen Johns a d to her team after the shaky first inning. .The UF batters responded. Mandy-Schuerman broke out of her recent slump by crushing a triple off the center-field fence in the second. After catcher Michelle Diaz reached on an infield single, Butler dropped a hit into shallow center scoring Schuerman for UF's first run. Mylin Prieto added a two-run double down the left-field line with two outs in the inning, giving the Gators a 3-2 lead. Faculty and Staff There are several decal purchase options available to UF faculty and staff Online at www.parking-ufl.edu: This option is currently available for faculty, USPS and TEAMS employees, and Shands benefits eligible employees only. Through the mail: All UF and Shands employees have been sent a decal order form. To purchase a decal through the mail, please follow the instructions and return the form. In person at the Customer Service Office: The Customer Service Office is located at the corner of North South Drive and Mowry Road,, building 112. Office hours are Monday -Friday, 8:00 am -4:30 pm. For more information, please contact Transportation and ........-....... rade with-a seeing-eye single beyond e grasp of the second baseman. The t, only the second of Jeroloman's pre)us 14 at-bats, gave UF a 5-4 lead. UF starter Steven Porter lasted twords of an inning, surrendering five ts and four runs in the process. FSU's Rhett James held the Gators two hits and no runs in his first five nings pitched before breaking down the sixth. James finished with a perrnal-best eight strikeouts. UF's victory was due in large part the right arm of pitcher Conner ilkenbach. Falkenbach pitched 5 1/3 nings of no-walk, no-run baseball in lief of Porter. "He's the guy who comes in and )ps the bleeding," Harrison said. Falkenbach realized a mistake on his rt could have cost UF the game. "I just tried to keep. it close so we Luld come back," Falkenbach said. The crowd for the one-run thillei mbered 5,663, besting the previous gh from a 1999 FSU-UF matchup six fans. Though the majority of lookers backed the Gators, garnetd-gold-clad fans created a boisterous mosphere throughout the game. "We need crowds like this all the ne," Falkenbach said. "They were the game, and that's what it's all out." )f season The Gators continued their offensive tenacity in the fourth when Howard smashed a solo homer over the 220-foot mark at cpnter. UF added four more runs in the inning and another three in the sixth to initiate the mercy rule. I "It's contagious," Johns said of UF's offensive success. "If somebody gets hot, the rest of them get hot." And to those aforementioned critics, Zick had only one thing to say "You need to come out and watch us, because we're about to explode," she said. Students If you need an annual parking decal or a decal for the summer term, you may purchase your decal at the Customer Service Office, 112.North South brive. Students will also be able to purchase parking decals for the fall semester online beginning in mid-July.1Parking Services at 3924" "16 a UF Parkiong Decals Expire may 1 St If YOU pj jn to park on caffl[Ris after Aprd 3010-, -rto puvchi-e ,:i 20(D-1 -2005 UF parking decal. 

PAGE 28

28, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 1, 2004 TRACK AND FIELD UF heads west for Texas Relays By MATHEW RUIZ Alligator Contributing Writer When the UF men's track and field team travels to Austin for the Texas Relays this weekend, the team won't be counting victories before it races. "One thing I've learned about track is, anybody can beat anybody on any given day," UF hurdler Josh Walker said, wl 6 currently has the fastest 110-meter hurdle time in the nation. "I don't go into any race thinking, 'I'm gonna win this,' because you never know. Your bad day could be someone else's great day." But if anyone has earned the right to be overconfident, it could be Walker and the Gators, who head into the Texas Relays coming off of a stellar performance in front of their home crowd at the Florida Relays last weekend. The Gators had numerous first-place finishes, both in the meet and nationally. Whi veterans like Walker and Moise Joseph held their own Walker with a win in the 110 hurdles and Joseph anchoring the 4x800 relay -lit was a foursome of young Gators that might have.stolen the show. Featuring three freshmen and a sophomore, UF's "rookie" team ran the fastest time in the nation (3:03.18), one and a half seconds quicker than the second-place LSU relay team, which holds second. And. although it trailed by two seconds in the race, the veteran UF relay team still managed to post a time of 3:05.59; the thirdfastest time in the country this year. One member of that veteran relay team, senior Scott sprinter Rickey Harris, is anything but surprised at the insurgence of young talent. Harris, who holds the fastest 400dash time in the nation at 45.69 seconds, has no problem admitting how capable his young teammates are. "The freshman class is the most talented class in the nation, and we told them that," Harris said. Of immediate concern, however, are the Texas Relays, where the Gators will look to qualify more athletes both young and old for the NCAA Regional Championships. SEC ATHLETES OF THE WEEK: Two -Gators have been named Athlete of the Week this week by the Southeastern Conference. Freshman Kerron Clement was named the male track Athlete of the Week for two of the best performances the country has seen in 2004. Clement was recognized for his efforts in the 400 hurdles, which he won with a time of 49.69 (No. 1 in NCAA) and the 4x400 relay, which he anchored to a victory and yet another top time in the nation. Junior Candice Scott was named the female field Athlete of the Week for her performance in both the shot put and the weight throw. Scott won the shot put with a meetrecord throw of 55 feet, 1 1/2 inches and was the top collegiate finisher in both the collegiate and invitational weight throw at the Florida Relays. Student Government is accepting ilU applications for the following positions:::, I .... ....... :............. :"::"i-: ...t :: Midway between S WedT Fri Sat :Ocala & Gainesville 1 :100 1 00l 1:00 -76A.Exit 3W Ea s") 7:30 7:30 7:30 7:30 :5 east ....... 1 r Crowder hypes defense FOOT, from page 26 people." Of course, the defensive leader didn't forget the staples at defensive tackle that have game experience. "Ray [McDonald] and Marcus Thomas should be All-SEC," Crowder said. The probability of getting run down during the routine of spring may seem possible given all the defense's big hits on offensive skill players. Because of this, the Gators have strength and conditioning coach Rob Glass to sustain players through the regular schedule of practices. As the units on each side of the ball try to out-do each other, Crowder says they are all the more Crowded likely to get worn down. "I think it gets worse because we're beating the hell out of the offense," he said. "The offense has tried to scheme up stuff. If you have to do to halfback passes and reverses, you're in trouble, but the coaches keep it competitive. "We've got to pick it up because they're going to pick it up." 0 
