
PAGE 1

the independent florida m Ime Not officially associ ated with the University of Florida .VOLUME 97 ISSUE 132 Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida We Inform. You Decide. UF makes the grade By CLAIRE MITCHELL Alligator Writer cmitchell@alligator.org U.S. News & World Report published its list of top graduate schools, and all in all UF has moved up in the rankings. "Moving two spots in one year should be deemed very favorably, since these things have a lot of inertia in them," law professor Joe Little said of the Levin College of Law's move from 45th in 2003 to the 43rd spot this year. "This college of law has. everything to offer that any college of law in the country has," Little said. "It's very hard to make any big changes in a short period of time." The College of Education advanced from 26th to 24th, while the College of Engineering remained at 26th, and the College of Medicine came in at 40th. The only exception was the Warrington College of Business Administration, which plummeted from 27th to 53rd. Dean of Engineering Pramod Khargonekar said the ranking is important for his school. "We certainly have a very strong graduate program, a very strong faculty who excel in scholarship and original research." Pramod Khargonekar Dean of Engineering "Graduate students pay attention to these rankings," he said. "When it comes to recruiting faculty, it can also play a role." Khargonekar said though he is happy about maintaining last year's rank he is more excited about the engineering college's jump in rankings among public schools -from 16th to 14th. "We certainly have a very strong graduate program, a very strong faculty who excel in scholarship and original research," he said. "They also work very hard to secure external research funding." Though UF is most competitive with other public schools, Khargonekar said UF's program does compete with private schools. "When I think about the future of the college, we do worry about competition from private universities," he said. "We do compete for the students and for the faculty. The report is one of the most SEE RANKINGS, PAGE 12 Graduate schools ranking US N, World GREEK LIFE Fraternities face hearings on underage drinking I TWO GREAK ORGANIZATIONS ARE IMPLICATED. By LINDSAY DOWNEY Alligator Writer Idowney@alligator.org Two UF Interfratenity Council chapters next week will face hearings with the Greek Judicial Board stemming from allegations of underage drinking at their fraternity houses. On March 4, four underage students reportedly were cited for alcohol consumption at a Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity party, in which one student was transported to Shands Hospital, according to documents released by the Dean of Students Office. Two female students, one holding an open can of beer and the other an open cup, and a fraternity brother with a bottle of rum in his pocket were stopped by University Police officers and asked for identification, according the police report. While none of the students -whose names cannot be released -could produce identification, record checks confirmed they were under 21. As an officer completed paperwork for the three students, a third underage female was stopped at the door. "She was very disoriented and appeared that she may lose consciousness. She needed assistance standing up," the police report stated. An ambulance was dispatched, and the woman was transported to Shands. In an interview with Student Judicial Affairs the following day, the woman said she arrived at the party between 9 p.m. and 9:30 p.m., SEE GREEK, PAGE Ii Coach Ron Zook moved Vernell Brown from wide receiver to defensive back prior to spring practices, and he has been pleased with the results. See story, pg.24 Former Leesburg man among those killed In Iraq LEESBURG, Fla. (AP) -One of the four American contractors killed in Iraq and mutilated by a mob was a former Leesburg resident who served with the Navy SEALs for 12 years. A family spokesman said Thursday night that Scott Helvenston, 38, died with three other civilians Wednesday. Their vehicle was hit by rocket-propelled grenades in a rebel ambush. The victims worked for Blackwater Security Consulting, one of five subsidiaries of Blackwater USA based in North Carolina. M The clocks will spring forward, and at 2 a.m. on Sunday one hour will disappear. Don't forget to adjust your schedule for the impending time change. Ske story, pg. 8. Today FORECAST OPINIONS CLASSIFIEDS CROSSWORD SPORTS 2 6 13 19 24 FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 2004 VISA pageant Yoshi Murasaki and Marie Denis Jean-Louis were crowned Mr. and Mrs. VISA 2004. See story, pg. 5. Sunny 73/46 visit www.alliator.org I wmawls 777 I Z_.N ... ........ ...... Y ._L.II IjI-I J!....+S ,.. +.:T L + ;._-L]Z ._. / -SL L] II ]./i/YZ --Z L+ \]1_'"".... II 

PAGE 2

4, ALLIGATO1It tRDAY, APRIL, 2664 FEDERAL GOVERNMENT Bush signs fetus safeguard law THE ASSOCIATED PRESS WASHINGTON .Accompanied by grieving families, President Bush on Thursday signed into law new protections for the unborn that for the first time make it a separate federal crime to harm a fetus during an assault on the mother. "If the crime is murder and the unborn child's life ends, justice demands a full accounting under the law," Bush said before signing the measure, a major priority for many of the president's most loyal political supporters. "The suffering of two victims can never equal only one offense." Abortion-rights proponents, meanwhile, called the measure an assault on reproductive freedom because it represents the first recognition of federal legal rights for an embryo or fetus as a person separate from the woman. An exuberant audience of abortion foes cheered the president during his remarks, while a few of the family members who shared the East Room stage wiped away tears. Included in the group were the mother and stepfather of California murder victim Laci Peterson, who was eight months pregnant when she died December 2002. Bush devoted a large share of his speech to the loss of "a beautiful young woman who was joyfully awaiting the arrival of a new son." But the new law wouldn't apply to crimes such as that in the Peterson case. It applies only to harm to a fetus while a federal crime, such as a terrorist attack or drug-related shooting, is being committed against the pregnant mother. The legislation defines an "unborn child" as a child in utero at "any stage of development." More than two dozen states have similar laws, including California where Peterson's husband, Scott, is being tried on double murder charges and could face the death penalty if convicted. rablo marnes Monsivals / Ar Pnoto President Bush signs the Unborn Victims of Violence Act of 2004 during a ceremony in the East Room of the White House in Washington on Thursday. People on both sides of the fetal rights and abortion issues have said the new law, which passed by a 245-163 vote in the House and a 61-38 vote in the Senate, will have far-reaching consequences. Nelson to visit, advise cleanup to unsafe land U.S. Senator Bill Nelson will visit Alachua County today to bring attention to cleanup efforts in one of Gainesville's most unsafe areas of land. Nelson will make a trip to the NorthWestern part of town to survey the Cabot Carbon/ Koppers property which was placed on a watch list by the Environmental Protection Agency in 1979 for using a variety of toxic chemicals, including arsenic. As part of his tour, Nelson will walk the site and receive a briefing from various city officials, according to a press release. He plans to stress the importance of cleaning up the area -Gainesville's only Superfund site. Superfund, the common name for the December 1980 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, created a tax on the chemical and petroleum industries. Further, federal government officials have the authority to respond to situations where there is a release or threatened release of hazardous chemicals, according to the legislation. Nelson is exercising those rights by walking around the Gainesville W: ISen. 8ill area. Nelson Prior to serving Whbuo ing a in the U.S. Congress, t w sNelson was a member Wo rf4" of a 1986 shuttle flight W eld L that orbited Earth for .six days. 1i60 NE. .... ..-STACI ZAVAlTARO em NEED EXTRA VACATION MONEY FREE DENTAL SCREENING $150 per procedure for patients who qualify & participate as a patient in the June dental licensing examination. TO SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 374-6131 IN BIG LOTS &ASHLEY'S FURNITURE SHOPPING CENTER. MUST BE 18 YO, NOT PREGNANT, AND HAVE ATLEAST 20 NATURAL TEETH TO PARTICIPATE DN0011217 2442 N. MAIN ST. I. -. -". .MAIN ST. 

PAGE 3

FjB1pAY, AJJIL Y4J,~TL MULTICULTURAL Japan and Haiti win VISA crowns By FARAH LOLAGNE Alligator Contributing Writer Mr. Japan and Ms. Haiti were crowned Mr. and Mrs. VISA Pageant 2004, at the University Memorial Auditorium on Thursday night. VISA, Volunteers for International Student Affairs, is an organization of American and international students who are involved in promoting awareness and international diversity at UF VISA is -celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. This year's Mr. and Mrs. VISA Pageant theme was "Breaking Down the Cultural Barrier." The pageant gives an international perspective to the typical pageant, said Magdala Ulysse, president of VISA. Mr. VISA Pageant 2004, Hiroyoshi Murasaki, a political science senior, is the founding president of the Japanese Cultural Society and director of student activities for the Korean Undergraduate Student Association. "I was really not expecting this," Murasaki said. "I have never participated at a competition like this at all before." Mrs. VISA Pageant 2004, Marie Denis Jean-Louis, a'public relations sophomore, is a Peer Counselor for Oasis and is involved with Black Student Union, Clib Creole dancers and intramural basketball. "I feel awesome because I represented my country to the best of my abilities," Jean-Louis said. The judges' decisions were based on a point system. "Everybody was amazed," said judge Manoucheka Celeste, a mass communications graduate student. The second place award went to Mr. Turkey, Beykin Sonmez, and to Ms. Turkey, Yalda Davoodi. "I was really not expecting this. I have never participated at a competition like this at all before." Hlroyoshl Murasaki Mrs. VISA Pageant 2004 Joanne D'Silva, Ms. India, obtained the Miss Congeniality prize. "It defines who I am," D'Silva said. At the end of the pageant, director Charlotte Elliot looked relieved that it was all over. "The contestants were great," Elliot said. "I didn't see their true talents until tonight." For talent, Murasaki presented a sushi preparation, while JeanLouis danced to the remix of hip hop and Haitian music. The Mr. and Mrs. VISA Pageant is the first of four main events scheduled for VISA's international month. Upcoming events include a fashion show, talent show and the End of the Year ceremony. For updated information on VISA, visit its Web site at http://grove.ufl.edu/-visa. Pinio Leprl /AP PhtoO Vatican got down Break-dancers perform in St. Peter's Square at the Vatican prior to the start of a ceremony celebrated by Pope John Paul II on Thursday. Art exhibit to offer new 'look' 0 EVENT WILL DISPLAY ART FOR THE VISUALLY IMPAIRED. There will be no red velvet ropes to guard the art featured at this exhibit. The Gator Lions Club will host Mind Sight on Saturday -an exhibition that will give blindfolded viewers a hands-on experience feeling sculptures at the St. Augustine Church and Catholic Student Center on University Avenue. "It's an art experience for the blind and visually impaired," program spokesman Andrew Lisi said. However, blindfolds will be provided for anyone to fully experience the art show, Lisi said. The exhibition features more than 36 sculptures from 12 local artists, including one UF student. The event is free and open to the public from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. "It's a different way to experience art," Lisi said. "You can basically use your hands, your cheek ... any way you can experience art." This is the first year the Gator Lions Club will coordinate the event, and Lisi said he hopes the show will reach both visually and nonvisually impaired art patrons in the future. "We are hoping that in the future, UF students will come out and volunteer more." -JARED LEONE Please help UF's Pre-Medical American Medical Student Association (AMSA) raise funds for the Equal Access Clinic of Gainesville at the Saturday, fApril 3,2004 Corner of NW 69th St. & NW 11th PI. 8:00 am (Behind North.Florida Regional MedicalCenter) Support those in need, bid in the silent auction and enjoy free refreshments! Applications are available at Orion Fitness or online at www.ufpremed.org/easc V1 r *, m; w .I ft lo ,oy o 7 # .--0, -e , f" --- 

PAGE 4

6, ALLIGATOR d FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 2004 Editorial We can't sleep anymore. With all the excitement of having a new addition to the Department, our eyes have barely shut in the past week. The joys of parenting are many: the late-night whining, the potty training and the chewed up socks. Yes, we at the Department of Darts & Laurels have fallen deep in puppy love. See, professor Smith, it really was the dog that ate our response paper. Our little bundle of... energy already has changed our lives. In just a short time, we've perfected the fine art of tug-ofwar, and we finally understand the thrill of paying $8.50 for a squeaky, stuffed rhino. We know exactly how many sheets of paper towels it takes to clean up the accidents, and we've gone through more boxes of rubber gloves than we'd care to admit. Why can't they just make diapers for these leaky little demons? But we have used our new doggie to our advantage several times already. It appears cute puppies are instant magnets for even cuter girls and guys. That's all well and good, except when these puppy lovers feel the need to get the animal instincts riled up, only to escape just when the energy is reaching a fever pitch. Thanks a lot. We really wanted to spend that half-hour after you left "walking the dog." So eat all your din-din, stay out of the trash and try not to slobber all over this week's edition of... Darts & Laurels As we try to wiggle out of our spiked collar, we wipe a that's-about-as-effective-as-chasing-your-tail DART for the students who didn't vote in this week's mayoral runoff. Only 100 of several thousand registered students voted in the Reitz Union on Tuesday, making Dance Dance Revolution a more popular spot than the polls. We've learned that treats are good incentives for getting puppies to do things you want, like roll over or not take a dump on the floor. Maybe poll clerks should try a simliar tactic to entice UF students to fulfill their civic duty. As we search the pet store for puppy Listerine, we fetch a you're-barking-up-the-right-tree LAUREL to members of the InterFraternity Council, who took up the project of painting the 34th Street wall in memory of the victims of Danny Rolling's student murders. Gainesville Police Department Capt. Sadie Darnell, who maintained the wall, ended the project after the 10-year anniversary, but IFC will continue to pay tribute to the five victims by keeping the memorial intact. This act of generosity almost makes us want to cuddle up with the boys and rub their beer bellies. Almost. Clawing at the sofa cushions, we nuzzle Usher with a yourbark-is-much-sweeter-than-your-bite LAUREL for finally knocking Norah Jones off the top of the Billboard chart. The cuddly crooner's new release, Confessions, replaced Jones' overhyped, underinspired sophomore album, which enjoyed an inexplicable seven-week stay at the top of the chart. We would rather listen to our puppy whining all night than endure another poorly written ballad by the girl who has gone downhill fast since her first release made us believe in jazz vocalists again. Usher, who has single-handedly returned pelvic thrust to prominence, has thankfully put Jones in her place and us out of our misery. Jones can give us all the puppy dog eyes she wants, but her album still sucked. It was time for that bitch to take a walk. And now, if you'll excuse us, it's time for our bitch to do the same. .Qthe independentflorida alligator Cameron Ackroyd Sarah Anderson EDITOR OPINIONS EDITOR Laura Merritt Claudia Adrien, Warren Kagarise MANAGING EDITOR Nick Weidenmiller EDITORIAL BOARD The Alligator encourage comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about one letter-sized page). They must be typed, double-spaced and must include the authors name, classification and phone number. Names will be withheld if the writer shows just cause.: We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, style and libel. Send letters to tter lllorrl uu .brln, them to 1105 W. University Ave., or send them to P.O. Box 14257, alnesville, FL W Z 7.Columnsof about 450 words about original topics and editorial estmwtions?Cal376-4458. Opinions ALLIGATVI www.alligator.org/opinion q41 9%g I ITDEPD Sf pm cmV 4A Editorial Notebook Kerry may not excite, but he's not Bush ohn Kerry is an ass man. The party he represents uses an ass as its mascot, and Kerry himself occasionally acts like one -such as when he cursed at a Secret Service agent who accidentally knocked him over. Primary voters picked Kerry because he has Clinton hair, Kennedy charm and Gore charisma. It doesn't matter if the presumptive Democratic nominee is the smartest, strongest or most telegenic. What matters is that he's not some old money Yalie. Whoops. What makes Kerry so attractive is who he is not. During the course of this presidential term, the Democratic Party has fallen into the Anybody But Bush trap. The Donkeycrats are mad as hell, snorting and stomping because they lost the White House on a constitutional technicality four years ago. After all, Al Gore received more votes ever than anybody except Ronald Reagan. By default, Kerry is the ABB point man. He is the left's blue knight in shining armor, and he'll ride into Boston on a golden donkey this summer. It would be impossible to label Kerry as the perfect Democrat -or George W. Bush as the perfect Republican -but at least Kerry doesn't currently live at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. That's enough for the angry Dems. Even if Kerry doesn't get anyone too excited, the reasoning goes, he's better than his old college classmate. The Dems rallied last week, throwing a Unity Day bash with Kerry's former rivals to emphasize the weakness of Bush's resume rather than the strength of Kerry's. It was a bad move to put Kerry on a stage with so many losers -and former presidents Carter and Clinton. The views expressed here are not Reader response Today's questic disappointed b' Jones CD? The other ass men pledged their support for their presumptive nominee in order to get a piece of the ass in a future Kerry administration. Being an ass man can be Warren cool -I know from experience. Kagarise Kerry's handlers need to scare Editorial Notebook up some star power for the ABB campaign. wkagarise@alligator.org Democrats have a wide hipness gulf with their counterparts, but the party hasn't exploited that since Clinton admitted on MTV that he wears briefs. So far, Kerry has dropped the F-bomb in a Rolling Stone interview and been photographed snowboarding in Sun Valley. He has the makings of coolness. He doesn't need to worry about getting slapped with the Big Lib stigma; he was born with it. I love it when people attach the word "liberal" to Kerry and bandy it around like it's obscene. Bush is a conservative. It's the reason we have two parties. If Kerry gets elected, I don't foresee anything remotely as exciting to watch as the rodeo that is the Bush White House. Forget the type of staunchly partisan agenda America have grown to love, too. For four years or eight, Kerry would be keeping the seat warm for a third Bush term or a third Clinton term before melting into history. So far, this particularly ugly campaign has kept the nation's voters awake. After all, the president is more of an elephant man. Warren Kagarise is a history and journalism sophomore and a member of the Alligator editorial board. necessarily those of the Alligator. on: were you Thursday's question: Did you 43% YES y the new Norah play any practical jokes for April 57% NO Fools'Day?.? 17YNrn O Vote or p ost a ne s w•t "w "gta a I _____________________________________________ Ad NM. IAI--- 

PAGE 5

FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 2004Un ALLIGATOR, 7 Letters to the Editor Gator fans freak over Alligator fake news Editor: Evil, pure evil. Stumbling back from an early morning class Thursday, the first words out of my mouth after reading the Alligator's headline were "Oh God!" Happy thoughts of returning to a comfy bed were immediately ripped from my psyche as my brain feverishly worked to envision the dire implications that Leak's departure would have on the Gator Nation. As I read on in shock, I kept wondering why "SportsCenter" hadn't mentioned the horrible details. A $1,500 signing bonus? Some copy editor must have screwed up on that -one, more like $150,000 -wait a minute. What day is Past April Fools' Day editions have been flavored by fake stories of a most improbable nature -Godzilla attacking campus and a brick falling off century tower and injuring a virgin. I can't recall any being this creative, clever, convincing and downright mean. And I'm sure I wasn't the only chump, at least momentarily, suckered in. As I returned home, I passed two students engaged in an expletive-filled discussion revolving around the Gator's chances next year and the shortsightedness of Leak's decision. I didn't let them in on the truth. I had plans of my own underway -showing the article relating the tragic "news" to my still sleeping roommate. Congrats on sending more than one wealth of information given to him by years Gator fan into cardiac arrest. of newscasts, daily periodicals and magazines. Mark Ward These news outlets may need sensationalism 8LS to sell copies, but CNN isn't strapping bombs to 12 year olds. * And it doesn't appear to be a select few who hate Americans. For example, after Columnist has right to express his Ideas Wednesday's horrific scene in Fallujah, not Editor: I am writing in favor of Dale only were countless souls dancing for joy in Griffin's column. I felt this was necessary, the streets, signs were held stating "Fallujah is given the fact that not a single letter has been t se ace -o v i npeopl e writen n faor f hs person viws atacts of peace-loving people. written in favor of his personal views -at To call Griffin's opinion "an act of terrorleast none have been published. ism" not only depreciates the despicable acts Griffin's belief that most Muslims hate that terrorists conduct, it also spits in the face Americans does not make him racist, ignorant of the constitutional idea of free speech. or intolerable. Michael Forman He is drawing a conclusion based on a UFAlumnus rh0 1718 W. Univ. Ave Sar W4rkQriff 378-7033 HO USE FRI: Beat the Clock Live Music/DJ SAT: Free Beer & Karaoke 9pm ie f tl Si Hqttis B, %*bmnass i Ithe,'si 1112 N, Main St. s 378-9431 

PAGE 6

(8, KL:LIGTORWFkIDkYAMkI I 2; 2ob4 Local man jailed in29 child pornography counts POLICE SAY MAN GAVE LEWD PHOTOS TO CHILD. By JUSTIN NHEMLEPP Alligator Staff Writer jhemlepp@alligator.org Arrested on Thursday for 29 counts of child pornography, a Gainesville resident awaits trial, facing a $2.9 million bond and up to 145 years in prison. William Ted Sherrod, 39, is charged of giving a computer disk containing lewd pictures of prepubescent children -the youngest 3 years old -to a minor, Alachua Sheriff's Office spokesman Keith Faulk said. The child's mother then turned the disk over to detectives, he said. The mother and child will not be identified because of the ongoing investigation and sexual nature of the reported crime, Faulk said. He added officials hope to prosecute Sherrod without the child's testimony. "The evidence will speak for itself once it is shown," he said. Faulk said neither Sherrod nor the child was depicted in the pornographic material, and investigators are pursuing the identities of the children portrayed being molested in the pictures, he said. "We have identified that each of the pictures is of a real child," he said, noting the photos were not enhanced. Detectives have been working on this case for several weeks, Faulk said. But he indicated the investigation into Sherrod has "just begun." Authorities acting on multiple search warrants have seized at least two computers belonging to Sherrod, along with disks and zip disks, Faulk said. The items are being examined for evidence of more illegal pornography or signs of its erasure. Furthercharges are pending in the case, Faulk said, declining to specify their nature because of the investigation. "He (Sherrod) has implicated himself in the charge," Faulk referring to the 29 charges Sher now faces.t. Sherrod, 3600 SW 42nd St charged in 28 counts of possess photographs of sexual performar by a child and one count of prove ing obscene material to a chi reports show. Each charge carries a maximi 5-year sentence. Asked whyanyone would sire a picture of a 3-year-old p forming a-sexual act, Faulk repliE "There are sick people out the absolutely sick." Students move clock forward to end Spring semester Daylight saving time begins on Sunday By COLBY HILLIS Alligator Contributing Writer You may not know when, why or for how long, but starting this weekend it's gone, and it's not coming back until the fall. The clocks will spring forward, and at 2 a.m. on Sunday one hour will disappear. Some people are aware they will be losing an hour of sleep, though many do not know why they are pushing their clocks forward or that they would be doing it this weekend. Dave Wirth, a criminology senior, said he wasn't positive if the clocks changed this weekend or not. "I heard something on Cartoon Network about it, but other than that I didn't know," he said. Even if some know the clocks change this weekend, not all know why or when the tradition started. Wirth said the time changes because the sun rises and sets at different times. He said he thought it started with farmers a while ago. Meghan Rusbridge, a business junior, said she heard a similar story from her parents. "They said something about farmers not having enough time to farm and be with their families so they needed more daylight," she said. "I know that's not it." Rachael Semenick said because she is an agriculture major she should know why daylight saving time is used but admitted she had no idea how it started or when. "Yearwise I have no idea," Semenick said. "I've heard it before. I think this is a Trivial Pursuit question." These people may not know the history of daylight-saving time, but they do know which part of the year is their favorite. "Which one means I can sleep more?" asked Wirth. "That's the one I like." According to the California Energy Commission's Web site, Benjamin Franklin "They said something about farm ers not having enough time to farm and be with their families s they needed more daylight. I kno that's not it." Meghan Rusbrldg UFjunic first had the idea of moving the clocks in orde to conserve energy. During World War I, th idea was adopted by Congress in 1918. The law was repealed after the war anc reinstated during World War II, but it was nc made permanent until 1966. Showtimes 7 & 9 l Times for Friday only Hippodrome Cinema 375-HIPP I Plae ac -I.Mnaee Wear polarized sunglasses. Look for the manatee's snout, back, tail, or flipper in the water. Call 1-800DIAL-FMP, *FMP, or use VHF Channel 16 if you spot an injured manatee. Don't discard trash into the water. Stay in deep water channels. Avoid running your motor over seagrass beds. Look, but don't touch. Please don't feed manatees. Watch for posted speed zone and sanctuary signs. OSave the Manatee@ Club 1410432-JOIN (5646) 500 N. Mailland Ave. www.swtIN,9atee.Ofrg 

PAGE 7

A 49-year-old man was arrested Wednesday after police say he threatened to cut the throat of a woman at the J. Hillis Miller Health Center. Angel M. Miller, 28, was walking with her husband Arnold Miller when she bumped into the man in the center's atrium, University Police spokesman Joe Sharkey said. Upon the accidental contact, Allen C. Starke reportedly said, "Go your punk-ass on, or I will cut your throat." Though Starke never brandished his weapon, witnesses reported to police he pointed to his fanny pack, indicating the knife was inside. Reports show that while Arnold Miller confronted Starke, Angel Miller notified a nurse of the situation. Police then apprehended the suspect without further incident, Sharkey said. Starke is charged in aggravated assault, and no injuries were reported, he said. DEPUTIES TO ACCOMPANY SPRING BREAKERS: Alachua County's middle and high school students vacationing for Spring Break in St. Augustine will see some familiar badges on the beaches. Beginning Saturday, 13 School Resource deputies and three sergeants will be assigned to assist the St. John's County Sheriff's Office with an expected influx of students and their families to the area until April 10. The program, in its 10th year, assists St. John's authorities with loud parties, underage drinking, noises, disturbances and other typical law enforcement duties, said Alachua County Sheriff's Office spokesman Keith Faulk, noting, "It's no day at the beach for our people." "These young adults have been known to get into a little mischief, and we know there's some underage drinking" Faulk said. "Our deputies will know, more often than not, the student." -JUSTIN HEMLEPP Florida players take center stage at new arts center N THE PLAYERS HAVE TEAMED WITH P.K. YONGE. By CLAIRE MITCHELL Alligator Writer cmitchell@ Iligator.org They've performed on stages too small for set changes without proper costumes, backdrops or spotlights. But luck has changed for UF's Florida Players. In a partnership with P.K. Yonge School and with additional funding from Student Government, the student-run independent acting group had the chance to put on a major production. "It's a big accomplishment for us," Florida Players production manager Becky Deitsch said. "We finally had the means to go all out. We really didn't take any shortcuts for our show." The school just opened the P.K. Yonge Performing Arts Center, and the Florida Players is one of the first groups to use the stage. "When we first approached P.K. Yonge about using their space, they kind of made a deal," Deitsch said. "'If you help our students out, then you guys can use our stage."' The group showed the P.K. Yonge students how to use their new space and taught them the technical knowledge about set and stage management needed to produce a show. "We're making it a kind of community-outreach show," Deitsch "We're making it a of community-outri show." Becky Florida Players pr said. "Some of them (the are working as ushers for t We're always trying to get munity a little more involv The play is called "Luck kind kind of production the group never would have been able to do before,' reach Deitsch said. "It's kind of a big cast, traditional SDeltsch musical, lots of laughs," she said. roDecinch "It's a lot of fun." When they're not production looking to the community for help manager with their plays, Florida Players turns to UF students who write, act, students) direct and produce their shows. the show. "Florida Players gives people the comfrom all majors the opportunity to red." get involved in the profession," she :y Stiff," a said. FRIDAY,.APRIL 2, 2004 aALLIGATOR, 9 PUBLIC SAFETY Police: Man threatened woman with knife 

PAGE 8

10, 'AtLLtATOR il PRIDtAY AVRdL 22M~~04 CEO to discuss post-grad jobs 0 HARRIS CORP. EXEC WILL SPEAK TO UF STUDENTS. With graduation around the comer, UF has enlisted professional help for graduates scrambling to secure jobs and internships. Howard Lance, CEO and president of Harris Corp., will deliver a speech today about entry into the business world. The speech, "Just Getting Started," is presented as part of the UF Presidential Lecture Series and will be held from 12:50 p.m. to 1:40 p.m. in Salons D and H of the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom. Since Jan. 23, Lance has been at the helm of the Floridabased company, which deals internationally in communications equipment. A graduate of Bradley University and the Krannert Graduate School of Management at Purdue University, Lance serves on the Board of Governors of the Aerospace Industries Association. He is also on the Board of Directors for the United Way of Brevard County. Lance's lecture is free and open to the public. For more information, contact UF News and Public Affairs at 392-0186. -EMILY SEAWELL Forum covers ghosts, By EMILY YEHLE Alligator Contributing Writer Out-of-body experiences, lucid dreams, ghosts and other paranormal activity will be debated and discussed at the Southeastern Paranormal Studies Intercollegiate Conference this weekend, starting, today. "We feel that giving a stage for serious scientific research on nonconventional topics is essential because scientific journals are censoring this type of work." Nelson Abreu Science of Self Club president Conventional scientific research and unconventional ideas will be fused in an attempt to explain the unexplained, said Nelson Abreu, president of the Science of Self Club, who is hosting the event. -"We feel that giving a stage for serious scientific research on nonconventional topics is essential because scientific journals are censoring this type of work," he said. Gainesville residents Russell Donda and Andrew Nichols will begin the event with a lecture in Room 101 of the New Engineering Building tonight. Donda, whose lecture begins at 6 p.m., is a "thinker" who believes quantum physical reality is akin to the paranormal. Nichols will give a lecture at 7:45 p.m. on "Ghosts, Electromagnetics and Altered States," based on his investigations of 600 cases of ghosts and his studies on telepathy, precognition and paranormal dreams. According to the Web site http://www.southernghosts.com, Nicholas has appeared on several television shows about the paranormal, including "Unsolved Mysteries" and the Discovery Channel's "Real Ghosthunters." Abreu, a UF senior, said he dream. hopes the conference will e people to try to induce al states of consciousness on own. He has had eight ou body experiences, and three occurred in the last few wee said. I just read about it and d oped my own experiences thro willpower," he said. The conference is the sec part of a two-part series began last August. Lectures variety of consciousness stu will continue from 10 a.m. t p.m. Saturday in the Reitz U Auditorium and Sunday in R 282. A roundtable discussion take place at 4 p.m. on both da *Soya nd etyorslfa Nlgne 42 0.UivriA ve 33-3S 7W/C ROCK The captivating, fun, exciting spirit that came to be known as "Beatlemania" is alive again in the Returnthe world's most authentic and entertaining Beatles tribute band! Southwest Rec Center Open till 2am MW&dnlt Breakfast in the Food Court 1 r Well, Reitz Union Second Floor, 9pm-Qam Be SaI U. Ltor Gotor or SNAPI o-N 0fMUdW*Aclke at M915S Spei d th mi to s Didmonof atl n RU aMd Spwb Ma eCOWedHeaM cad Huni.s.P.s....a..e. A program presented by the Reitz Union See www.unlon.ufLedu/Sgatomlghts for morenid For persons wit!isabilities roqui'ng special occomrnoions. please contact 392-166S x 330 or (rDO), or e-mai Id 19W72 how Tonight... faster fundlay isquiel 4 #roac~iny and' o i d&e lirne to maeour ofiay reter oalonst/ or ide Jon ?Inveriy/ / Jt/ ia s.ter IfruncXA l F§3l// r gwyar our ata//o/cuknary experts Aasprepared' a yferiout 4/7etea'r;ny an omefea/wa/,t4e tt'aa~on, carved' roatt lee/, a'urIey, ham and' fey c/faint as we/fat an array o/safad't ancaeserts 5Zduke are $24.95* Ck d,en umder 12 are $8.95*and' (Z(nd/er 3no earye. §Ru/eeiours are /rom 11am to 4pm. -F=a ylqr~, ,.14AlmU-j 1315 S. Main St. $5 Cover Doors open at Ypr 1 El and up always welcome a*nii IAtnr W GREAT LiyrEMusIC EVERy THURSDA THE I 

PAGE 9

f'RLAAPK4L'24tX.04 P*LIGAIO~Rl'1 Rice to testify Thursday 0 THE TOP BUSH ADVISOR WILL GIVE TESTIMONY TO THE 9/11 COMMISSION. THE ASSOCIATED PRESS WASHINGTON -National security adviser Condoleezza Rice will go before the Sept. 11 commission next Thursday in an effort to counter criticism that the Bush administration failed to grasp the gravity of the terrorism threat before the Sept. 11, 2001 hijackings. The commission will hear only from Rice during a 2 1/2-hour public session focusing on what Clinton administration officials told the incoming Bush White House about al-Qaida and what the new administration did with the information. "We really want to find out about the transition, what they learned and what changes in policy the Bush administration decided and what focus there was on terrorism," the commission chairman, Thomas Kean, said in an interview. But on Thursday, Bruce Lindsey, Clinton's legal representative for records and a longtime confidant, told The Associated Press that the commission isn't getting the full picture of former President Clinton's terrorism policies because the Bush administration has turned over only 25 percent of the 11,000 records requested. The White House says it fully met the commission's information requests. "Whether documents from the Clinton administration or the Bush administration, we have worked to ensure the commission has all the information it needs to get its job done," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman. When Rice testifies, her performance could have enormous implications for President Bush's re-election campaign. Former counterterrorism chief Richard Clarke testified last week that the administration did not consider al-Qaida an urgent threat, despite his repeated warnings. "We really want to find out about the transition, what they learned and what changes in policy the Bush administration decided and what focus there was on terrorism." Thomas Kean commission chairman The White House, citing legal concerns, had stood fast in saying Rice would only meet privately with the commission. After mounting pressure, the White House relented this week after assurances that the appearance of.a senior presidential adviser would not set a precedent applicable to other congressionally appointed panels. In other developments Thursday, the White House released fragments of a top-secret document, finalized Sept. 4, 2001, that directed the Pentagon to draw up plans for attacking al-Qaida and the Taliban. Greek community will hear cases GREEK, from page 1 drank half a bottle of vodka with the fraternity member who invited her to the date function and does not remember events after 10:30 p.m. In another organization allegation, UPD officers arrived at Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity on Feb. 10, responding to a complaint that beer cans were being thrown at passing vehicles. While officers found no evidence of the complaint, they did cite three underage students for drinking. Two members of the fraternity were stopped, one for slurred speech and stumbling, who said he had not been drinking at the fraternity house, and the other for a flask of Jim Beam in his pocket, according to DSO documents. A 19-year-old sorority member, who presented UPD with her driver's license, also was cited for drinking underage. While the fraternity did require wristbands for students to be served alcohol, in a Feb. 20 SJA interview the woman said she did not present a fake I.D. but was handed a wristband at the door and ordered beers from the bartender. Officers also reported two pans of Jell-O shots in the house's courtyard. Both fraternity presidents shut down the parties at the request of UPD. Pi Kappa Phi and Sigma Alpha Epsilon both are being charged with violating the Alcoholic Beverage Rule and the Academic Honesty Guidelines Rule. In addition, Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity is charged with violating a rule that concerns ',actions which are committed with disregard of the possible harm to an individual or group," for the female who was transported to Shands. Four IFC Judicial Board members and two board members from other Greek councils will hear the cases next week, said Cyrus Williams, director for Williams Student Judicial Affairs and assistant dean. "The Greek community is going to give them their hearing -not us, not the administration,"' Williams said. "Thieir peers decide if they're responsible or not and, if they are responsible, what sanctions they should receive." IFC Executive Vice* President Charles Appleby will preside over the hearings, and Williams will oversee the process. Fraternity presidents could not be reached for comment Thursday evening. The insLanL, painless way to sLay smooth and sexy everyday!_ on sale now $ onluy 49 plus sAh order online and SAVE! www.bikinitouch.com/florida 1f you've Over had $a 6exja~y transmitted disease, youreiif9poftayucncthAIS Your m m w 3 healthcare. Your way. Convenient, quality healthcare with the options you want...from friendly professionals who really care about your good health. *comfortable clinic within walking distance to U ofF -female healthcareproviders & board-certified OB/GYN, Dr. Brad Williams (former medical director of the U ofF Women's Clink) complete women's health services, including the latest in birth controZ advanced solutions for heavy cgces and more o pemammt lase bai r mcmz Call 378-2882 today! Patience Corner M Nurse-Midwifery Center 717 SW 4th Avenue Gainesville (SW 4th Ave. & 7th Terrace) HINDU STUDENTS COUNCIL presents It Date: Saturday, April 3rd Time: 7:00pm Place: India Cultural & Education Center (ICEC) $5 donation requested Visit us at: grove.ufl.edu/~hsc Please bring school supplies and empty ink cartridges for charity Student Government Papa John's .... SPONSORED BY: Target Copy -Moe's House of Spices Srmoothie King Indan CU ..... i .r ph m --WW-n,7,-Zw.-7. -._ ". '. , -, ..,. .II I .I LA 

PAGE 10

12, ALLIGATOR M FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 2004 Law, education graduate schools make gains in U.S. News rankings ... A; -,-A.A RANKINGS, from page 1 widely referenced ranking lists for graduate schools in America -one students turn to when deciding which schools to apply to. UF education senior Julie Fernandez said she was encourGENRALNUTITIN CENTERS 31SWAceRd-BtePlz25% ane...ONO Prinluct l 4Cannot be combined. Need coupon. Daily Specials 377-6020 Exp. 4/21/4* #W 0 Step straight into a job after exams. Confident, outgoing students on summer break needed to help our firm invest in the Florida real estate market. Great pay, full training, locations all over the state. Good resume builder. Buying, not selling. Mooring Financial Corporation Learnto bid at real estate auctions Opportunities throughout the state Two paid training sessions Jobs run mid-May thru mid-June 866-404-4200 Pick your own training location: Jacksonville, Palm Beach, Tampa, or Tallahassee All will be held the week of May 17th. BURN VICTIM. aged by the new rankings -she will be continuing her education at UF after she graduates in May. "The undergraduate program is rigorous, and most of those students move on to the grad school," said Fernandez, who has already logged classroom time assisting at five area schools. "It's nice to know the school's getting some recognition." Despite the popularity of the U.S. News rankings, professors say the system is not necessarily representative of a program. "These rankings can be criticized for not being completely reflective in the kind of work going on the quality of the university," Khargonekar said. WE DELIVER! sn" The criteria for ranKing mclUIvidual schools vary, but peer and recruiter assessment, average graduate school entrance test scores, acceptance rate, research expenditures, grants received and graduate degrees given are considered when assessing most schools. "I quarrel with a lot of the basis of the ranking system," Little con1983 He said many in the law school faculty would argue the quality of education at 43rd-ranked UF compares with schools much closer to the top of the U.S. News list. "That doesn't take away from the assessment that the new ranking says some good things about the institution," Little said. GAINESVILLE 2220 S.W. ARCHER RD. 271.7600 1724 W. UNIVERSITY AVE. 375.7222 BEST INGREDIENTS The world's greatest gourmet sandwiches call for the world's greatest ingredients. So I only use real Hellmann's mayonnaise, Grey Poupon mustard, and my homemade red wine vinaigrette and real guacamole. FRESHEST BREADS My thick-sliced 7-grain whole wheat and authentic French breads are made from my own secret recipe using all-natural ingredients, then baked fresh right here in the store throughout the day, every day. FINEST MEATS I personally select the very best meats available. That means no pressed, formed, or filled meats on my sandwiches. Only juicy white turkey breast, choice roast beef, smoked Virginia ham, and real wood-smoked bacon. FRESHEST VEGGIES I use only the freshest, hestest veggies around. They're sliced daily in the store and never treated or bagged for use some other day. That means crisp, fresh lettuce, tomato, onion, sprouts, and cucumber. ___________a I a GOURMET SUB SANDWICHES On homemade fresh-baked French bread. $3.75 #1 PEPE Ham, provolone, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #2 B1 JOHN Roast beef, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #3 SORRY C1IARLIE Tuna salad, sprouts, cucumber, lettuce, & tomato. #4 TURKEY TOM Turkey breast, alfalfa sprouts, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #5 VITO Genoa salami, capicola, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onions, & vinaigrette. #6 VEGETARIAN Provolone, real pacamole, cucumber, sprouts, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. J.J.B.L.T. Bacon, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. $2.50 gourmet sub ea,cheede one I THE J.J. GARGANTUAN-w$6.75 it's monstrous! Genoa salami, capicola, smoked ham, roast beef, turkey breast, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, & Italian dressing on fresh-baked French bread. PARTY? MEETING? TRY MY CRAVEWORTHY CATERING! GIANT GOURMET CLUES On thick-sliced 7-grain whole wheatbread or fresh-baked French bread. $4.75 -----#7 GOURMET SMOKED HIAM CLUB Double ham, provolone, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #9 BILLY CLUB Roast beef, ham, provolone, Dijon mustard, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #9 ITALIAN NIG#T CLUB Genoa salami, capicola, ham, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onions, mayo, & vinaigrette. #10 HUNTER'S CLUB Double roast beef, provolone, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #11 COUNTRY CLUB Turkey breast, ham, provolone, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #12 BEACH CLUB Turkey breast, real guacamole, cucumber, cheese, sprouts, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #13 GOURMET VEGGIE CLUB Double provolone, real guacamole, cucumber, sprouts, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #14 BOOTLEGGER CLUB Roast beef, turkey breast, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. #15 CLUB TUNA Tuna salad, provolone, sprouts, cucumber, lettuce, & tomato. #16 CLUB LULU Turkey breast, bacon, lettuce, tomato, & mayo. Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, lemonade, iced tea ............. $1.1811.30 Chocolate chunk or oatmeal raisin cookie .................... $1-50 Potato chips, jumbo kosher dill.............................. $0.75 Extra load of meat, extra veggies------.. .-$1.25 Extra cheese or extra guacamole........................... $8.75 IONLY YOU CAN PREVENT FOREST FIRES. W J 0rLWtE lsve Thel light To Make Asy UrWOTRLD SREIL'S'-" GortET SANDWIG1 S PLAIN SLIMS'W Same fresh-baked French bread & meat as my premium g sandwiches, but no veggies or sauce! SLIM 1 SLIM 4 sa SLIM 2g & SLIM 5 s4 SLIM 3 Tu= ftad SLIM6 Dapmm& ----%ow4w -----00%0%0 L wtviv JOJIJVJ, IL At % Alx-w& F "W 19-$125/Day 7 

PAGE 11

7. --mammon BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 2004 3 Vo J~ett urnihedFor ent urnshed~ Fr Rent Unfurnishedj5 For RentUnuiheIB etUfribdI -YOUR SEARCH IS OVER!!! 2 Rms for males in neat, quiet, well-kept 3bdrm 3 blocks to UF You'll WANT to live HERE! **3BD/4BD-LIKE A HOUSE** Roommate matching starting at $435 4BR/4BA condo @ University Terrace. Lots of windows! Vaulted Ceilings! Luxury 2BR/2BA TH & 3BR/3BA Flats Huge townhouse, fireplace, FREE Cable w/ HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm $365-395/mo 9, 10 or 12 mo lease. W/D, Pets OK! $375/Bdrm! Cable, Gym, Pool, Tanning, Pets OK W/D hook-ups, patio, Gated*24hr gym*FREE Tanning*Close to cable & util incl. On bus line to UF. Call Free Parking! Avail Fall! FREE Roommate Matching New carpet & tile, new fitness UF *Leasing for NOW & FALL*377-2777 Russ 352-335-6134, if not in leave msg Call now 371-7777 Leasing Now & Fall 379-9255 high speed wireless interned 4-21-71-1 -2-14-1 4-21-71-2 4-21-7.1-2 3BD/2.5BA only $815 Super Clean Studio Walk to ShandsLong & short term lease Now as low as $345 monthly inc all utilities ph 336-9836 4-21-71-1 1BR -2BR Huge Floor plan, private patio, park at your door, quiet Oasis 377-3149 for avail. 3436 SW 42nd Ave & 34th St 4-21-71-1 AAATour Treehouse Today!AAA Washer/Dryer in every apt. Quiet 2 bed/2 private bath HUGE 950 sq. ft. of comfort Stop by or call us @ 372-3096 4-21-71-1 **BRAND NEW** FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE Fastest Internet*FREE Tanning FREE Alarm*FREE cable TV in kitchen 2/2 & 3/3 luxury suites from $460 24hr gym*pets ok*374-FUNN 4-21-71-1 Never Better! Private, furnished BR suites w/ Ethernet, Utilities & Tanning. Walk to SFCC. 379-9300. 4-21-71-1 OHate traffic?* 1st stop on bus route, roommate matching, only 1.3 mi to UF, free cable, tanning, gym, nature trails, 2/2.5, 3/3, 4/4 starting at $395/BR for more call 336-3838 4-2160-1 *COMFORTABLE LIFESTYLE* 4BR/4BA condo at Countryside fully furn rooms, W/D, Dig Cable, internet w/utilities. $420/mo Interested call 352-3720373 or toll free 888-790-4014. 4-21-36-1 A CUTE ROOM for serious NS student, quiet area $345/mo util included 377-5555 4-21-311 Immediate opening for female in furn 4BR/4BA condo. $415/mo, will consider short-term lease. $200 sec dep, all utils & cable incl -except phone. 4000 SW 23rd St. Lots of amenities. Countryside @ Univ. Call Larry 954-536-9441 4-21-29-1 $405 MOVES YOU IN! LAST MONTH FREE! Royal Village 1BR in 4BR/2BA apt. Walking distance to UF. W/D, pool, cable, ethernet. Call Emile 239-462-1663 4-7-. 17-1 CLO -coop for UF students. Sum A/B $360 Sum C -$720 Fall/Spr $275/mo 1 block to UF, util, ethernet, meals & parking 377-4269 grove.ufl.edu/-clo 4-615-1 Roommates needed for summer/fall. Univ Terr West. Close to UF 3 rms avail in 4BR/4BA condo. Hi spd inet, dig cable w/HBO & ESPN, elec, W/D. $400/mo furn, $300 sec. 954-336-3620, 954-817-0269. 4-8-15-1 4BR/4BA CONDO $388 each. All utils, cable, DSL included. University Terrace. On bus route 35 & 12. 407-620-1555. 4-21-18-1 4BR/4BA Countryside Great Condo. Avail early Aug. New carpet, steps to bus, W/D, pool, hot tub, fitness room, free parking. $400/mo! Utilities included! 355-9197 46-5-1 Want Free Tuition And A Great Place To Live? It's all at University Commons Apartments 2 and 4 Bedroom Apartments Prices start at $335.00 Summer leases available For more information call: 377-6700 4-21-17-1 Bright, Modern, Spacious Apt. Spyglass 1BR furnished.w/ W/D, DW, cent AC, screened in patio, gated community, computer lab, gym, pool, jacuzzi on 1st floor. $525/mo negotiable. 262-3222 anytime. 4-9-7-1 *For Rent Unfurnished Total Elec., 2 & 3 BR. $375-$500. Cent a/c, pool, tennis, B-ball, waste, pest, lawn mowing. 251b pet $15/mo. M-F 10-6. Alamar Gardens. 4400 SW 20th Ave. 373-4244. UF bus line #20. 4-21-71-2 GATOR PLACE APTS 3600 SW 23 St. 2BR/1BA W/D is optional. Park in front of your apt. Pet play park. 2 mi to VA/Shands. $500/mo 372-0507. 4-21-712 *QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS OF GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1BR apt. $325/mo. 01BR cottage $375/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-21-71-2 LYONS" SPECIAL $89 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-21-71-2 CALL WATSON For a complete list of homes and condos go to www.watsonrent.com or call Watson Realty Corp. 335-0440 4-21-71-2 BETTER THAN THE HOUSE! Luxury Living On Sorority Row 1/1-$605*2/2.5 only $500 per person Guaranteed Pa rking*Balconies*W/D avail. Call for Specials! 372-7111 4-21-71-2 HUGE 3BR'S -ONLY $720! 0 Water/Sewer Included! Sparkling Pools, Fitness, More! Park FREE across from UF! Open Wkends! 335-PARK 4-21-71-2 LOVE THE NIGHTLIFE! Studios, 1/1 Flats & 2/2, 3/3 Townhouses! Washer & Dryer*Alarm*Pool*Pets OK Jetset*Voodoo* Bank in your backyard! Why live anywhere else? 338-0002 4-21-71-2 *SUN BAY APARTMENTS@ OGrad students $99 Deposit* **Walk or Bike to Campus 0 1-1 $460/moO02-1 $520/mo www.sunisland.info 00*376-6720 4-21-71-2 *ESCAPE TO LUXURY* 1/1 & 2/2 flats, 3/3 TH FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE Tanning, Aerobics, 24 hr gym PC Lab, Gated, Trash Svc, All Amenities LEASING NOW & FALL, 335-4455 4-21-71-2 CHECK OUT OUR CLEAN, QUIET, AFFORDABLE 1 & 2 BR APT. OFF SW 20TH AVE. FROM $365 TO $450. INCL WATER, SEWER, PEST & GARB. SORRY NO PETS ALLOWED. 335-7066. 4-21-71-2 Short Walk to UF! 0 1 BR $445 2BR -$515 Sparkling Pools Pets OK! Quiet, peaceful atmosphere! Park FREE across from UF! 0 Open Weekends! 372-7555 4-21-71-2 Designated drivers are more valuable than diamonds. Deluxe, large 1,2,3,4,6 BRs 60 seconds to UF. Remodeled, Old house charm. Cent A/C, Washer/dryer incl. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. $495.00 and up 538-2181 Iv message. 4-21-71-2 HUMONGOUS Now leasing for Fall 2004 1BR/1BA $585, 2BR/2BA $680 3BR/2BA $850, 4BR/2.SBA $1020 Free UF parking 376-4002 4-21-71-2 PARK FREE AT UF@ HUGE 1, 2, & 4 BRs -avail now & Aug! W/D, alarm, pool, FREE gym membership! Pets OK -Open wkends! 332-7401 4-21-71-2 Deluxe, Large One Bedroom, 60 seconds to UF. Wood floors, washer dryer included. Can furnish. Private Owner. Avail now $495 & up. 538-2181 Lv Message. 4-21-71-2 A RARE FIND!!! 2BR/2BA $799 W/D incl FREE Cable w/HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm Gated*24hr gym*FREE Tanning*Close to UF *For a LIMITED TIME!!!*377-2777 4-21-71-2 **LIVE IN LUXURY** HUGE TNHMS: 2/2 and 3/3 Free cable w/HBO & Showtime W/D'alarm*free tanning*comp. lab Pet welcome*Private dog park Leasing NOW & FALL 377-2801 4-21-71-2 *Exclusive Luxury* Gated*Alarm*Garages*W/D 2BR flats & 3BR Townhomes HUGE floorplans from $405/BR FREE tanning*comp lab*gym Move-in Specials**372-0400 4-21-71-2 **BRAND NEW LUXURY** FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE Fastest Internet*FREE Tanning FREE Alarm*FREE cable TV in kitchen 2/2 & 3/3 luxury suites from $420 24hr gym*pets OK***374-FUNN 4-21-71-2 **IBD & 2BD BEAUTIFUL** NEW kitchens, tile, carpet, paint 2BD-over 1100 sq ftee$625/mo 1BD-over 800 sq ft 00$575/mo Close to UF, beautiful, quiet High-speed Wireless Internet $300 off deposit 0376-2508 4BD/3BA only $1225 Close to UF in SW Beautiful/quiet 0 376-2507 4-21-71-2 *Immediate Move In* 2 Br Flats and Townhomes Butler Plaza, Clubhouse & more! Starting @ $610. Call 373-1111 4-21-71-2 **ELLIE'S HOUSES FOR RENT** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-2154991 or 352-215-4990 8-16-96-2 AAATREEHOUSE VILLAGEAAA 2 bed/2 private bath from $649 Washer/dryer in every apt. -' HUGE fitness.center, 2 pools Stop by or call us @ 372-3096 4-21-71-2 SUN ISLAND 1.1 from $460.00 *2.1 $520.00 $99 deposit for Grad students 999 SW 16th Ave phone # 376-6720 www.sunisland. info 4-21-71-2 1BR/1BA $420, 2BR/2BA $495, 3BR/2BA $695. New carpet, Italian tile, cent AC/H, covered patio, DW, verticals, W/D hkups, pool. 2 houses 3BR/2BA walk to UF $750. 332-7700. 4-21-71-2 *Kensington North & South Beautiful 2br 2.5ba townhomes -W/D, monitored alarm, pool, clubhouse, free tanning & ethernet, more. $850/mth. Call for specials! 3901 SW 20th Ave 6920475. www.silverwingproperties.com 4-21-67-2 *Charming 1 & 2 BR/1BA apts, starting @ $435/mo. Biking distance to UF, totally renovated, incl new luxury appliances. Great move-in specials! 501 NW 15th Ave. 692-0475. www.silverwingproperties.com 4-2167-2 1BR & 2BR/1BA with W/D, central heat/air, dishwasher, ceramic tile, private patio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th St. Near bus rt. From $489. 377-1633 4-16--Z. Collegerentals.com Gainesville's Best Apartment Search for College Students 8-16-131-2 Classifieds... Continued on next page. How To Place A Classified Ad: In Person: Cash, Check, MC, or Visa The Alligator Office 1105 W. University Ave. M-F, Bam4pm UF Bookstore at Reitz Union M -F, 8am -6pm, Sat. 1Oam -5pm By Mail: Use forms appearing weekly in The Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, Visa or checks only. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. M -F, 8am -4pm By Fax: (352) 376-4556 When Will Your Ad Run? Classifieds begin TWO WORKING DAYS after they are placed. Ads placed at the UF Bookstore-may take THREE days to appear. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds or credits for cancelled ads. Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M -F, 8am -4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first day will not be further compensated. Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NOON for the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination." We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status is newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising th is know as 'personal" or "connections" whether or not they actually appear under those classifications. We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information..Althoughis newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claimsor offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers 0f g aror, services through anyadvertising contained herein. I ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/classifieds 

PAGE 12

"4-, ALLIGATOR 0, FRIDAY/APRI L 2.,2004 IfFr ~n oufrnse Rent .. ......Un f rn i.e d.ufu rn sh e *11/2 BR AVAIL-ASAP, FROM $659* Feb free, $99 deposit. Direct UF access, close to Shands/VA. W/D incl. pool, alarms, fit. ctr. PEBBLE CREEK APTS 2360 SW Archer Rd 376-9607 4-21 1-2 VILLAGE LOFT APTS 1BR LOFT APTS. 650 & 750 sq.ft. Starting @ $450/mo. Quiet, wooded setting. FREE monitored alarm system. 6400 SW 20th Ave. Call 332-0720. 4-21-71-2 Quiet, Friendly Atmosphere Newly Remodeled 3BR TH & Flats \W/D, Gym, Pool, Spa, Tan, PC Lab RTSBus Route 12! Pets Welcome! Great Location! 372-8100 -21-71-2 Convenience At Its Finest! Spacious 2/2 with Walk-In Closets W/D, Fitness, Hot Tub, Pool, Tan PC Lab, Bus Route! Pets Welcome! Newly Remodeled! 372-8100 4-21-71-2 *2BR/1BA apt. Walk to campus. Includes utilities. Newly renovated. $600/mth. Call 692-0475 4-21-67-2 HOUSES and CONDOS All locations & price ranges. If you are tired of apt Tfb,-go to www.maximumre.com or call 374-6905 8-16-96-2 *Hop, Skip & a Jump* Dining, Shopping, Movies We luv Pets, Gym, Computer Lab Spacious 1, 2, 3 Br's for Fall Call NOW 373-1111 4-21-71-2 Stumble Home From The Swamp 2/2 Luxury Apts! W/D Alarm! DW! From $959 Free Parking! Pets OK! Avail Fall -371-7777 4-21-71-2 HOUSES @ UF!!! Studio's to 3BR From $450 Large Yards!! Free Parking!! W/D and W/D HU's Avail!! Avail Fall 371-0769 4-21-71-2 APTS STEPS FROM UF Studios -2BR From $395 Free Parking!! Pets ok!! '6Vood floors! Remodeled Apts! Reserve for Fall!! 371-7777 4 "'-71-2 HATE PARK&RIDE? Sick of the BUS? Walk to class instead! Steps to UF. Studio $43501/1 $47602/1 $613eLarge closets, tiled brkfst nooks, FREE parking! Call now! 376-6223 TrimarkProperties.com 4-21-69-2 LIVING IT UP ON THE TOP! Penthouse at UF only $565 per bedroom W/D*Covered Parking*Private Deck See ALL of UF from your windows Only 1 available for fall! 372-7111 4-21-69-2 TOWNHOUSE near Duckpond 508 NE 4th Ave 2BR/1.5BA, living, dining, kitchen, storage, some utils paid Central heat & A/C. Move in special $550/mo. Units avail Aug 1 372-2284 4-21-78-2 Newly renovated -$795, top floor duplex overlooking hill & woods at end of street, close to UF, 3BR/1BA edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4611 NW 53 Ave 42 1-65-2 Duplex near Main St & NW 16th Ave $500 2BR/1BA, fenced private backyard edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4611 NW 53 Ave 4-21-65-2 ***CUTE QUIET CLEAN*** Stylish 2BR/2BA apt, W/D, alarm, skylight, front porch, pets OK. Avail for fall. $600-$700/mo. Call 336-0000 for showing &info 4-21-60-2 Summer rates plus July FREE on a 15 month lease Sun Island Properties 376-6720 www.sunisland.info 4-21-62-2 NEWLY RENOVATED Fenced yard perfect for pets HUGE 1, 2, & 3BRs with W/D .4FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE Alarm*FREE Tanning From ONLY $410***374-3866 4-2,1-58-2 *Guaranteed Seat on Bus!* Luxury living at The Landings! 1.3 mi to UF, FREE cable, HBO, SHOW, tanning, gym. Spacious 2/2.5, 3/3, 4/4 from $355/BR 336-3838 4-21-60-2 COME HOME TO DOWNTOWN CHARM Unique 1BR/1BA & 2BR/2BA flats W/D*Alarm*Pool*Pets Welcome Open Weekends ** 338-0002 4-21-60-2 1 BLOCK to UF Studio $375 0 3/2 home close to UF $1100. Contact Michael 376-2433 4-948-2 FORGET YOU HAVE ROOMMATES! HUGE 4br twnhms -1662 sqft! W/D, DW, alarm, pets ok, Park FREE at UF/FREE gym membership! Open weekends 332-7401 1BR/1.5BA LOFTS W/D hk-ups, Off Tower Rd near Mall, $495/mo. Pet friendly. Very Nice Call Mitchell Realty 374-8579 4-21-80-2 lbed/lbath from $525 $200 off first month's rent with a.12 month lease Huge room, Spiral Staircase 377-7401 4-21-80-2 2bed/2bath apt for $620 $200 off first month's rent with a 12 month lease Huge Rooms, walk-in closets Dishwasher -Patio -Tennis -Pool Pre-leasing for Fall 2004 377-7401 4-21-80-2 3bed/2bath for $720 $200 of first month's rent with a 12 month lease Lots of Space Close to UF and Shands Now Pre-leasing or Fall 2004 377-7401 4-21-80-2 HATE TO SHARE? Studio, One & Two Bedroom Flats Includes some utilities*Pets OK Private*Space*Great Value UF outside your front door! 372-7111 4-21-48-2 1BR/1BA overlooking lake -close to UF/Shands/VA & convenient to 1-75 $525 edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4611 NW 53rd Ave 4-21-56-2 1BR/1BA and 2BR/2BA APTS Newly renovated, new paint, carpet, fridge, stove. $350-$450/mo Cedar Ridge (Behind Mall) Call 352-804-5622. 5-27-52-2 1&2 BD APTS. Spacious & affordable! Pets welcome, bus routes to SFCC & UF, convenient to 1-75 & mall. 332-5070 4-21-45-2 1BD APT. SIMPLICITY! Pets welcome, convenient to UF & shops, grad student discount. 372-0118 4-21-45-2 A+ FOR SPACIOUS 1&2 BD APTS! Free basic cable, pets welcome, w/d hookups, closets galore & more. 3729913 4-21-45-2 115 STEPS FROM CAMPUS!!! Luxury -Opposite Library West! Beautiful 2bd/2ba...all amenitities LOOKING.GLASS APTS Call 376-1111 or Come by 111 NW 16th St #1 4-21-40-2 3 Bd Hse @ UF Wood floors!! Florida Room!! Huge fenced in backyard!! Pets OK!! 4 NW 25th St From $433/BR -371-7777 4-21-39-2 *WORK, LIVE, PLAY* Luxury 2BR/2BA Apts FREE Tanning, Aerobics and Cable W/D, 24hr gym, Pool, Gated Leasing Now and Fall, 335-4455 4-21-38-2 Available Now! 2BR 2BA $680, 3BR 2BA $825 Spacious, alarm, pool, pets okay FREE UF parking 376-4002 4-21-34-2 SPRING BREAK EVERYDAY!!! 1BR/iBA*2BR/2BA*3BR/3BA*W/D incl FREE Cable w/HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm gated*24 gym*FREE Tanning*Close to UF *Leasing for NOW & FALL 377-2777 4-21-34-2 Solve your parking problems. Live at Anglia & walk to campus. All units have sec sys,. W/D, range, refrig, disposer. 4BR/2B $1150 3BR/2B $950 3BR/1B $900 386-462-4252 or cell 352-871-4252. 5-27-39-2 *** SORORITY ROW AREA*** Experience the luxury at Windsor Hall. Located 2 blocks to UF. Beautiful single & double suites available. Starting at $375/mo includes everything -gym, pool, DSL, electric, etc. 337-9255 or www.windsorhall.com 4-21-33-2 Every aluminum 'can you recycle saves the equivalent energy of 1/2 gallon of gasoline! IA.*** ........... ...1.I.* .... .... .. ... 4, GATO~ 499 Daily Lunch Specials 10% discount for UF employees Happy Hour 4pm-9pm $4 Pitchers $1 1Drafts Available now and May Walk to Campus Studio.........................$325 1 & 2BR .................. $375-$485 4BR houses ............. $1000-$1400 Gore-Rabell Real Estate Inc 378-1387 4-21-33-2 **WALK TO UF** Single studio apt. fully remodeled Cute and Close $375/mo. 375-8256 4-21-18-2 **2 BLOCKS TO UF** Vintage 3bd, lba house w/new carpet, high ceilings & front porch $1150/mo call 375r8256 4-21-33-2 **8 BLOCKS TO UF** Huge 2bd/lba apts. Best Deal in town starting @ $525 mo. 375-8256 4-21-33-2 **2 BLOCKS TO UF** Vintage Duplex 2bd/lba with high ceilings, great parking $675/mo. Call 375-8256 4-21-33-2 PET'S PARADISE 2BR No pet or app fee. Privacy fence, fans, CH/A, W/D hkup, on cul-de-sac. Excellent cond. 7214 SW 44th P1. $450/mo. Avail. April. 331-2099 4-5-20-2 1, 2, & 3BR'S -HUGE! 0 1/1 $519 2/2 $605 3/2 $720 0 Water/Sewer included in rent! 0 Pools, Fitness, Bball, Vball! Park FREE across from UF! • Open Weekends! 335-PARK 4-21-32-2 Houses 1-2 mi to UF for fall 331-0095 611 NW 34th Terr, 3/2, fain rm, $1200 642 NW 35 St, 3/2, den, carport, $995 1315 NW 39 Dr, 3/2, den, carport, $995 816 NW 37 Dr, 3/2, fain rm, gar, $1300 "" AGREAT VALUE" 1, 2 & 3BR with GATED ENTRY!!! HUGE w/screened porches FREE Alarm/Tanning/Gym Great courtyards/Pets welcome Move-In Specials! 372-0400 4-21-30-2 ***** 5 blocks to UF ***** Charming historic 3BD, 2bth house. Polished wood firs, tile, W/D, very clean, back deck, private yard, no dogs. 8718280. 4-2-11-2 *HAMPTON OAKS 2 seconds to Oaks Mall. Brand new 2BR/2.5BA townhomes, 2BR/2BA flats & 3BR/3BA flats. Gainesvilles finest location. Come visit us @ 200 SW 62nd Blvd. 352-3338643, starting @ $850/mo www.silverwingproperties.com 4-21-29-2 ***10 BLOCKS TO UF*** Quaint 1 BR/1BA apts in Historic Victorian House. Hdwd firs, AC/heat, fans. $450/mo, 376-2184. 225 SW 3rd Ave. 49-20-2 FREE APRIL RENT Avail April 1. 2BR/1BA apt near UF/BUtler Plaza. W/D hk up, C/AC, DW. bus rt. $500/mo. 3531 SW 29th Terr. 87.1-0677. 4-2-15-2 FREE RENT 1 month free at this 2BR/1.5BA townhouse, new carpet & paint, dishwasher, W/D hookups, $475/rent 5320-B NW 20th Court Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-10-2 DUCKPOND STUDIO -berber carpet, high ceilings, water & pest control, $425/rent 414 NE 5th Avenue Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-10-2 Please recycle this newspaper. 4-2-2004 CLUE Cricket Prices Openings Plot CLUE Type of top Perry Settles snugly Peaks ACROSS DOWN ANSWER MIYNIJ TRSEA LHSEO TTISSW ANSWER EEYSRJ TEAMHTW NSSEELT ECTSSR CLUE: This man's film class included Steven BONUS Spielberg and George Lucas as students. How t play -Coml" the crossword puzzle by looking at the clues and unscrambllng the ansrs. When the puzzle is cope, Unscramble the diamond& letters to cwa the first part of the, ONUSanswer. Unscramble the cimd letters to create the second partof the 10NUS answer. 3.GI M .-Y/ ,,lOHV9 2 2 vN UlL c-V .. :G .-,N V Hoo D u AnMRi Paw & Send comments to TMS -435 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 1400, Chicago, i. 60611 or DtHoytftol.crm I 

PAGE 13

FRIDAYAPRII2,1,IJAEUII,'TOR, 15 WOOD FLOORS @ this cute 2BR/2BA, huge fenced yard, W/D hookups, lawn service, $675/rent 1931-B NW 6th Street Carl Turlington real Estate, Inc 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-14-2 Walk to SFCC 3BR/2BA brand new duplex home, 1200 sq ft, ceramic tile throughout, huge yard. $850/mo 331-6919. Vaulted ceilings, pets ok, W/D hookup 4-2-15-2 Available in Aug 2BR/1BA in duplex in quiet neighborhood. $550/mo. lst/last/&sec dep. Call 332-5585 4-2126-2 ASSOCIATES REALTY SERVICE Now leasing houses & condos for Aug Southwood, Tumblin Creek, Mill Run and Houses close to UF www.associatesrealty.com 372-7755 421-26-2 2 BD's @ UF Wood Floors!! Newly Remodeled!! Large Floorplans!! Pets OK!! From $695!! Free Parking!! Avail Now -371-7777 4-21-25-2 LARGE & AFFORDABLE 2BR/500 3BR/600+ GRANADA APTS 378-4969 01.800 NW 4th St* 4-13-10-2 GREAT HOMES GO FIRST 3311 NW 30th Ave, 4BR $1000 600 NW 54th Tr, 3BR $1100 4430 NW 16th PI, 3BR $1500 SBR@Jacksonlic.com 495-9085 4-2126-2 Homestead Apts 2 bedrooms $569 $99 deposit & April Free! Now pre-leasing for Fall! 376-0828 4-21-26-2 $400/mo 2 bed apts & 1 bed cottages! Limited offer, hurry & call! Historic downtown. Lofts & cottages. GRAND OPENING! W/D hook-ups 318-4553, 256-5485 4-21-26-2 Avail Aug 1 3BR/2BA 3433 NW 1st Ct. New kitchen and BA, fenced yard, central air, $1050/mo. 3712 NW 20th PL, ceramic tile, cathedral ceilings, $1100/mo Call Marty 514-2855. 4-21-25-2 STUDIO! MOVE-IN TODAY! Now thru Aug. $390/mo. Renewable for Fall! Brand new Kitchen, w/new applicances. Steps to UF! Call Today! 3766223 trimarkproperties.com 4-21-23-2 3 blks from UF. Starting May, 2BD/2.5BTH, $725. 2BD/1BTH, $470. 1BD/1BTH, $415. 1 yr lease, SD, NS, no pets. Call 352-870-7256. 4-21-23-2 1 blk from UF. Starting May. 3BD/2BTH, $1250. 2BD/1BTH, $800. 1BD/1BTH, $475-500. Eff $300-$310. Rooms in house $300. 1 yr lease, SD, NS, no pets. Call 352-870-7256. 4-21-23-2 4BR 2BA, close to downtown, parquet floors, living & family room, fireplace, washer/dryer, $1000/rent 1525 NE 6th Terrace Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 42-10-2 HUGE 5BR 3BA, large screen porch, New carpet, w/d hookups, lawn svc, $1500/rent, 3920 SW 20th Street Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-2-10-2 Huge 2BR/2BA. Over 1200 SQFT! Archer Rd. Near UF & bus stop clubhouse, pool, b-ball, v-ball, gym special: 1 mo. free or Dell PC!! $300/BR call 262-5262 Lv Mssg. 4-2-10-2 One beautiful 4BR/2BA available now minutes to UF. Fenced yard, 2000+ sq ft, $1125/mo w/discount, 1st, last, sec. 352332-2234. 3321 NW 30th Place 4-3-10-2 Available 8/1, 1915 NW 38th Terr, 3BR/2BA, 1 car carport, fenced backyard, 1100 sq ft, $1000 monthly, 1st, last'& security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 2718672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Available 8/1, 3321 NW 29th Ave, 3BR/2BA, large family room with bar, fenced backyard, 2 car garage, 2200 sq ft, $1300 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 271-8672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Available 8/1, 9532 NW 6th Place, 3BR/2BA, family room, Ig screened porch, fenced backyard, 2 car garage, 1600 sq ft, $1100 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 2718672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Available 8/1, 1924 NW 39th Terr, 4BR/2BA, large fenced backyard, 2000 sq ft +/-, $1100 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 271-8672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Available 8/1, 71 SW 32nd St, 4QR/2BA, near UF, large fenced backyard, 2 car carport, 2000 sq ft, $f600 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 271-8672 eve. 4-21-22-2 Available 8/1, 5212 NW 8th Ave, 3BR/2BA, close to UF campus, fenced backyard, 2 car garage,'l1500Ssq ft, $1000 monthly, 1st, last & security deposit, call 372-3336 day, 271-8672 eve. 4-21-22-2 3-4BR/2BA HOUSE Convenient to UF & SFCC. 1/2 acre yard, huge oaks, privacy fence. 1800 sqft. $1200/mo. Pets negotiable. 262-9131. 4-7-10-2 HIGH SPRINGS -BRING YOUR HORSEParadise found! Quiet apt on waterfront. Next to statepark. 15 min to Gville. 1BR $375/mo 318-4602 or 386-454-7562. 47-10-2 Classifieds... Continued on next page. ASSEMBLY OF GOD C. C.L. Getsemanf Asambleas de Dios 404 NW 14 Ave. Gainesville, Florida. Sunday Services: Sunday School -9:30am Worship Service -10:45am Wednesday Service: Bible Study 7:30pm. **All of our services are in Spanish. We provide simultaneous translation from Spanish to English on Sundays. For more information call 352-378-0078 or visit us at www.cctgetsemani.org. BAPTIST Westside Baptist Church Collegiate Ministry. 10000 W. Newberry Rd. Gainesville, FL 32606. College Bible Study Groups Sundays @ 8am, 9:15am, 10:45am, Free Shuttle from UF Campus! ECHO))) College Worship Wednesdays @ 8:20pm. Our college ministry exists to help students discover their purpose in life. To learn more, visit us online, http://westsidebaptist.org/college. CAMPUS MINISTRY Chapel House Open all week. 1522 W. Univ. A place for students. Mon. 7-9 the BIG picture Bible study, Wed. 12:15 Communion, Thur. Alpha 7-9, Sun. supper 5:45, Worship 6:30. Call 372-8506. CATHOLIC St. Augustine Catholic Church Student Center open 9am-1Opm. Sat. Vigil 5:30pm, Sunday 9am, 11:30am, 1:30pm (Spanish), 5:30pm, a 7:30pm. Daily noon a 5:30pm. 1738 W. Univ. Many student organizations, call for info 372-3533 or visit our website, www.staugustine-uf.org. EPISCOPAL pHoly Trinity Episcopal Church 100 NE First Street Sunday Services 8:00am Holy Communion, RI 10:30am Holy Communion, RII 6:00pm Folk Mass JEWISH STUDENT CENTER Lubavitch Jewish Center Your Home Away From Home Friday Night Live! Services E Shabbat Dinner Fall/Spring 7:30pm. 352-336-5877; LubavitchUF@aol.com. 2021 NW 5th Ave. (5 blocks north of the stadium) Hillel Jewish Student Center Shabbat services every Friday night at 6:30pm, followed by a free, delicious dinner. Reform, Conservative, a Orthodox services offered every week. 16 NW 18th St. (352)372-2900 ext. 710 or taal@ufhitel.org www.ufhittel.org NONDENOMINATIONAL Showers of Blessings Harvest Center Inc. 2615 SE 15th St. Gainesville, FL 32641 (352) 375-3589 www.showersofbtessings.org Sunday Worship -8am, 11am, 6pm. Wednesday -Bible Study 7:30pm. Free van pick-up to all services. Student lunch every 3rd and 4th Sunday. NONDENOMINATIONAL Campus Church A church of Christ where love abounds Wednesday: College Praise and Groups at 7pm 2720 SW 2nd Ave 378-1471 NONDENOMINATIONAL Glen Springs Road Church of Christ Come Share God's love with us as the Bible guides us in our walk with Jesus. Sunday College class 9am, Sunday Group Worship 1Oam, Et many other opportunities for your spiritual growth! www.knowmyjesus.com or 378-8031. University City" Church of Christ www.gatorsforchrist.org (map) Campus Ministry at University City Church College Bible Study Sunday 9:30am t Wednesday 7:00pm. Unity of Gainesville Church of the Daily Word 8801 NW 39th Ave. Gainesville, FL 32606 Rev. Julie Keene -minister Sunday service at 11:00am (352) 373-1030 PRESBYTERIAN First Presbyterian Church Corner of SW 2nd Ave. a 3rd St. Worship: 8:30 Et 10:55 on Sundays. College Students: 12:30pm Sundays. Lunch a Christian study: '"What is Christianity?" Sunday's subject: Who is the Holy Spirit?" UNITARIAN Unitarian Universalist Fellowship Discussion at 9:30am Sun., Service at 11:00. Our vision is to be a diverse religious community committed to lifelong spiritual growth and compassionate service to each other, our community and our Earth. University meeting 7:30pm on Tuesdays. 4225 NW 34th St. 377-1669. UNITED CHURCH OF CHRIST United Church of Gainesville 1624 NW 5th Ave -(352-378-3500) Worship Services -9:30 a 11:00am. Adult Seminars -11am. College Group: suppers; service projects; retreats. Call the church office for details. Email: info@ucgainesvitle.org Web Page: www.ucgainesvile.org UNITED METHODIST CHURCH First United Methodist Church 419 NE First St., Downtown Gainesville. www.fumc-env.ore. 352-372-8523. Do you sing, play belts, like good food, work with youth? Come join us in activities at FUMC. Traditional Worship 8:30 a 11 :00am. Sunday school 9:45am, Youth Fellowship 12:00pm, Contemporary Worship 6:15pm, Wednesday Night Supper t Fellowship 5:30pm. University United Methodist Church WESLEY FOUNDATION Meeting @ University UMC. 1320 Univ. Ave. 6pm Tues. Student Dinner (First time FREE!) 7pm Thurs. Contemporary Worship, 10:45 Sun. Morning Worship. For more info: [myuumc.com] For more information regarding Worship Guide, contact Abby Scott at 3764482 IM, 'Aw m 1. 

PAGE 14

16, ALLIGATORS FRIDAY, APRIL 2,2004 For.Rent -Uipfwu Wh~a Ml'2 ******CUTE COTTAGE******* 1BR w/study 0 quiet, secluded, NW neighborhood 0 900 sq ft 0 W/D 0 covered patio 9 close to UF 0 $600/mo 0 Avail May 1607.5 NW 12 Rd 466-4171 4-6-10-2 DUCK POND Historic house, hardwood floors, lots of charm. Studio, 1BR, 2BR, available August 306 NE 6th St. Appointment only. $395 -$575/mo. 379-4952 4-13-15-2 3 blocks from Tigert Hall 2BR/1BA apts cent AC; newly painted, $615/mo upstairs/hdwood fIrs, $595/mo downstairs/carpet Inc. W/S/trash/pest. Laun',y on site. No pets, avail 8/1/04. call 352-316-4474 4-21-21-2 *NW 39th Ave. 2/2, patio, loft, new wd pattern fIr, Ig open, bright, good area. $575-61002/2 $490-510 SW fancy 2BR. Near UF Ig kit, scn pch $530-5600Share 2BR $275-350 & $325-380. 373-8310 4.5-7-2 Spacious 1, 2, & 3 bedrooms. Gas and water included in rent. Dishwasher in units. Washer/dryer in some units. Monitored alarms. Call Country Village 3732700 for more info 4-21-19-2 Casablanca East 2BR 1.5 bath townhouse, washer/dryer hookups, new kitchen appliances, new paint in excel. condition. Occupy Now! $575. Andro Realty 375-2900 4-21-19-2 1BR & 2BR Apts avail for Summer & Fall. Within Blks to UF! Pick up list at Century 21 John Merrill Inc 825 NW 13th Street or 352-372-1494 or email list request to tazzie2l @bellsouth.net 4-2-4-2 1BR/1BA Apts 1 & 2 blks to UF $440/mo 1029 SW 3rd Ave & 1236 SW 4th Ave. Central H & Air Call Merrill Management Inc 372-1494 42-4-2 2BR/1BA 2 blks East of Norman Hall $515/mo NEWLY REMODELED 840 SQ FT 829 SW 5th Ave, St Croix Apts Central H & Air, Inclds Wtr, swg, Pst ctrl, Garbage, Call Merrill Management Inc 3721494 4-2-4-2 **2BR/2.5BA CONDO** End-unit twnhm, W/D, DW, alarm, pest ctrl, pool, pets ok. Avail Aug. $765/mo 4415 SW 34th St. On bus rt. 1160 sq.ft. Many Extras. Call 214-3820 4-12-10-2 **I'LL LEASE YOUR PROPERTY AND PAY FOR MAINTENANCE** Guaranteed rents. No more bad tenants or maintenance hassles. 24 hr msg 866601-6016 ext 41 4-21-17-2 AVAILABLE NOW *2BR/2.5BA Mill Run $625 *2BR/1.5 Mill Run $625 *2BR/1BA Brandywine $525 Call Charlene 665-4106 4-12-10-2 Luxurious Victoria Station Twnhse. Walk to Butler. 2BR/2.5BA. W/D, alarm, pool, free ethernet. Bus rt in front every 15 min. $800-$850/mo NEGOTIABLE. Avail 8/1 Cell 222-4235. 4-21-17-2 2BR/2BA apt avail now thru Aug at Univ Club; cable, wireless int, w/d, gym, pool, comp lab $360/month NEGOTIABLE Call 352-256-0668 or 352-281-0888.4-1210-2 CLASSIC GAINESVIL-LE COTTAGE 2BR/1 .5BA hardwood floors, new ceramic tile, $640/mo inc water. 2943 NW 6th St 335-3159 or 21S-7199 4-5-5-2 LIGHT & SPACIOUS GARAGE APT 1BR, 200 yds from campus. Newly redecorated. Must see! $510/mo inc water 1321 NW 3rd Ave 335-3159 4-5-5-2 CLASSIC STONE COTTAGE 4BR/2BA w/hardwood floors, great yard, 1 blk from campS $1535/mo mnc water 1319 NW 3rd Ave 335-3159 or 215-7199 4-5-5-2 ***HOUSE FOR RENT!*** Avail May 7th! 3BR/1BA $945/mo. Dishwasher, W/D, huge backyard. Cent A/C & heat. 2 blks to UF. 1108 NW 3rd Ave. Call 377-9978 4-5-5-2 Victoria apartments is located in the historic Duckpond, live in a part of history. HUGF 1BR apt in a completely restored turn o61 the century home 603 NE 4 Ave $650 edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 NW 53 Ave ;4.t21:1,72 2BR/1 BA Apt 0 A/C 0 Carpet/tile 0 minis" hookups 0 no pets 0 deposit 376-2547 905 NW 40th Ave..........$450/mo 1037 NW 41st Ave........$450/mo 4-12-10-2 Beat the summer rush, great location, great price, 2BR/1.5BA twnhouse close to bus line, mall and more 6252 SW 8 :PI $550 edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4611 NW 53 Ave 4-5-5-2 **SORORITY ROW AREA** 1940'S Vintage stone 2bd/lba apt. Beautiful hardwood floors $675/me. 375-8256 4-21-18-2 Historic Apartments. Ceiling fans, hdwd firs, high ceilings, some w/ fireplaces, 1BR/.$450 upper, 2BR/$575, 2BR/$735., Studio/$335 1st, last, & sec. Downtown location. No dogs please. 378-3704 421-18-2 1BR apt for rent in charming old house. Wood floors, front porch. $425/mo.. Call 352-219-5480 4-21-16-2 Upstairs apt for rent in charming old house. Wood floors, terrace 2BR + an office $650/mo. Call 352-219-5480 4-2116-2 .$350/mo till Aug! 1 bed cottage & 1 bed w/ study. W/D hookups. Downtown historical district! Wooden floors! Great deal! www.rentalworkshop.com 3184553 4-21-16-2 ***Walk to UF**** Lg 3-4 BR/BA old house, next Norman. Avail 5/1 850/mo. Also 3BR/1.5BA on Archer Rd. Fenced back yd, new carpet. 500/mo Greg 376-3291, 214-3291 4-1410-2 3BR/2BA Home in upscale, quiet neighborhood. 3 mi from campus, 2 car garage, fireplace, screen porch w/jaccuzi. Avail Aug 1st $1200/mo. Call Mark @ 376-9238 4-6-5-2 SUMMER/FALL 2/2 APT Clean, walk to UF! W/D, DW, 10ft ceiling, quiet, gerat location. Only $690/mo. Mitchell Realty 374-8579 (Dave) 4-5-4-2 Master BR w/pvt BA for rent. Walk-in closet, W/D, DW, alarm, gated yard, pets ok, 2 microwaves, privately owned home. 2 blks from NW 39th Ave & NW 13th St. $350/mo + 1/2 util. 256-7838 4-6-5-2 House for rent available May 1st near UF. 2 bedroom, 2 bath. Stove, fridge, water, furn. Mature per., drug free. $600 per mo. 1st, last, sec dep $600. 2012 NW 8th Ave. Ph (352)373-5789 Appoint only. 4-7-5-2 2BR apartment $400-425 Excellent condition Move-in specials. Call 336-9075 for appointment. 4-14-10-2 1/2 BLOCK TO UF 1227 SW 4th Ave. 3BR/1BA apt Aug 1st. Central H/AC, wood floors, extras $1050fmo. SCHACKOW REALTY. 352514-5060 cell, 331-0590. 4-14-10-2 AVAILABLE AUG 1st BLOCKS FROM UF 3 & 4 BR HOMES. 1 & 2BR APTS & DUPLEXES. 1 room STUDIOS. Short term lease studio only. Pick up listings @ 3126 W Univ. carport or 377-3852. 4-21-15-2 Two 4BR/2BA houses near law school, SW, pool, Avail Aug 1st, $2000/mo or $1700/mo. Call 407-351-9198. 4-7-5-2 MILL RUN 2220 SW 39th Way Spacious 2BR/1BA Pool, D/W, WD connections No pets. $500/mo 335-4790 4-8-5-2 Close to UF. Year lease from Aug 16th. No pets. Cent AC/H, W/D hkup. 0 2BR/1BA duplex 910 SW 6th Ave $570/mo 0 3BR/2BA house 1022 NW 4th Ave $880/mo 0 4BR/2BA house 605 SW 9th St. $1460/mo Call1359-1508. 4-14-91BR apt with private gated courtyard. Quiet complex located at 3320 SW 23rd St. Pets arranged. Starting at $380/month. 352-377-2150 Please leave message. 4-21-14-2 3BR/1BA, wd firs, fireplace. $999/mo. 816 NW 9th Ave. 316-1637. 4-15-10)-2 3BRI2BA house. Half or full furn. Ready to move in. New carpet/tile C H/AC, fans, storage in & out, den, part fenced, carport. 10 min drive Shands/N.FL Reg./UF. NW area. $970 full/$900 half furn. 352-375-6754. 4-2-21BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA at Countryside, walk-in closet, wireless internet and all util incl. $400/mo move in ASAP female only. 727-207-4644. 5-11-35-3 Available now thru Aug! 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA at Looking Glass, 1 block to UF. Cable internet, W/D, living room furn. $450/mo Andrew 514-5046 or email andrew-k@bolt.com 4-7-20-3 AVAILABLE NOW THRU AUGUST! Walk to class! All-inclusive, fully furn, prof roommate matching, pool, cable w/HBO, FREE Hi-Speed Ethernet, indiv leases. Going Fast! W6-6223 TrimarkProperties.com 4-21-29-3 Summer sublease @ Pebble Creek. 1BR/1BA in 3BR/2BA apt, practically on campus. W/D in apt. $333/mo + 1/3 utilities, no sec dep. NEG frawnyt@aol.com, 321-266-3212 4-8-25-3 1 or 2 rms avail in 4BR/4BA @ Lex Cr. May-July $350/mo neg incl furn, util, cable/enet, pool, gym. Bus rt. every 10 min. Call Jose 352-271-2253 jramos@ufl.edu. 4-5-5-3 2BR/2.5BA townhome. Avail 4/21 thru 7/31. $800/mo. July rent FREE. W/D, pets OK. Call 352-246-4129 4-21-16-3 ***ENJOY PRIVACY?*** Walk to UF. 1BR/1BA apt furnished and clean. $445/mo OBO avail any time. Bea 904-247-4959, beatriz20 @ comcast.net 4-5-14-3 Female undergrad for own BR in a nice, spacious 3BR house in quiet NW sub div near UF. Fenced yard, hardwood floors, $320/mo + util, 381-5597 4-7-15-3 $400/mo 2 bed apts & 1 bed cottages! Limited offer, hurry & call! Historic downtown. Lofts & cottages. GRAND OPENING! W/D hook-ups 318-4553, 256-5485 4-6-15-3 Avai' NOW! 1/1 in a 4/4 $430/mo incl all utils, W/D, cable, ethernet 352-284-2454 4-6-15-3 3BR/2BA house across from ODome walking distance to UF. AC/heat, screened-in porch. $1130/mo. Sublease May thru July move-in date negotiable 102 NW 20th Dr. For info: 271-3558. 47-15-3 $350/mo incl utils 1BR/1BA for 1 or 2 females. 2 blks to UF. Brand new building w/ security, ethernet, pool, gym. Call Amanda 954-608-6066 Sarah 352-8709679 5-25-30-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE! 1 Bedroom in 4BR apt avail May-Aug. W/D, internet avail. $280.74/mo Call Blain @ 813-294-0679 4-2-10-3 MOVE IN W/FRIENDS! BEST DEAL! Summer sublease Campus Lodge. 3BR/3BA in 4BRI4BA. All utils incl, fully furn luxurious apt. Indiv leases $420/mo ea neg. Call 336-8708 4-2-10-3 STUDIO for rent May-July. Renewable lease. $350 (negotiable) Furnished. Pool, W/D avail. All utils paid. 1 block from UF. Please call 376-6456 Lee. 4-2-10-3 2 BR 4 price of 1! Avail now-July Lg 1BR/1BA in 3/3 @ Stoneridge. Share w/ 1M 3rd BR/BA as study/guest room. w/i closets. Pets OK. W/D $343/mo + 1/2 util. 352-870-0035 4-2-9-3 Awesome 1 bdrm apt for rent, near Duckpond, great neighbors, quiet location. Sublease or take over. $500/mo, W/l inc. Call Ani: 374-9751, 372-4554 ASAP. 4-2-10-3 SUBLEASE SUMMER in Looking Glass Apt, flex rent. Free internet and cable. Avail May. Call Dave @ 908-244-8631 4-3-10-3 1BR/1BA in a 2BR/2BA. University Commons West across from UF. May-July '04. $350/mo OBO. 863-381-6796 4-5-5-3 Awesome 1BR/1BA LOFT! 3 blocks from campus! Perfect for single or couple. Avail May to Aug. W/D onsite. $530/mo. Please contact Sarah @ 352-870-8354 4-12-1 5-3 $385/mo EVERYTHING INCLUDED! Summer @ Courtyards. 1BR in a 4BR/2BA. Across from UF. Includes inet, utils, cable, pool, parking. Cool roommate$j Call Lauren 813-368-4373 4-6SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Campus Lodge. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA apt, incl W/D $350/mo. EVERYTHING INCLUDED! Sean2124@ufl.edu or call 850-217-9836 4-6-10-3 1BR/1BA apt avail May. Flexible end. DW, W/D, water included. Carpet, new. balcony. Walk to campus, on the #16 bus rt. 750 sq ft. $470/mo. Call 352-219-1393 4-2-8-3 Spacious apt avail for sublease in Madison Pointe beginning May. Female grad student pref. NS to share apt w/ 2 other grad students. $295/mo + 1/3 bills. Call 846-6088 ribbeckr@ufl.edu 4-6-10-3 WALK TO CAMPUS 2BR/2BA $675/mo sublease thru July 31st. W/D, new carpet' & paint, free parking, pets OK. Call Mitchell Realty 374-8579 4-6-10-3 EVERYTHING INCL! All util, hi sp net, HBO, pool/spa, gym, W/D, furn. Full kit, all appliances. 1BR/pvt BA in 4BR/4BA condo Countryside. Sublease 4-28 thru 7-31. $415/mo OBO 727-487-3453 4-610-3 2 BLOCKS TO UF. 2/1 House only $460/month. 1016 SW 8th Ave. (352)375-1011, (305)586-1066. Fully furnished. 4-7-10-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA great townhouse. Furnished/unfurnished. $395 rent negotiable. HBO, gym, pool, W/D & 2 fun, neat, responsible roommates. Avail imm. email Ikay@ufl.edu 4-7-10-3 Spacious, quiet 2BR/1 BA, DW, near UF & Shopping. Bus to campus/Shands. Small pets OK. Avail June 1-Aug 1. $549/mo. Avail for yr lease after Aug 1. Homestead Apts. 3611 SW 34 St. 246-3091. 4-7-10-3 Univ Club 10x13BR pvt BA. Entire apt completely furn, W/D, 50" TV, pool & gym. 2 friendly quiet roommates. Free sec dep, 1st mo $250, then $350/mo -utils incl. 395-7640 or 954-729-1161. 4-7-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ CAMPUS CLUB 1 or 2 BRs avail in 4BR/3BA apt. May 3 thru Aug 6. Fully-furn cable, enet, W/D, all utils incl. Conv bus to campus $400/mo Call Maria 514-0400. 4-7-10-3 Summer sublease 1 block to UF. Walk to bars, class. 1BR in 2BR house avail early May-Aug $350/m 514-0553 4-7-10-3 Summer Sublease @ Sterling Univ Glades. vail May 1st. 1BR1BA in 3BR/3BA -everything incl. $400/mo OBO. Call: Kim 407-733-5700 or email kim17935@ufl.edu 4-15-15-3 2BRs in 3BR house avail May 15th near law school. Study, W/D, cable, wireless inet, etc. option of renew lease in August. $350/mo. Call Jenna @ 278-3078 or email jennap324@yahoo.com 4-15-15-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE HUGE 1BR/pvt BA in beautiful 3BR/3BA townhouse. All utils, hi spinet, W/D & furn living area. No dep. $415/OBO. Great Deal! Avail 5/1 -7/31 352-222-1659. 4-8-10-3 SUMMER Sublease: May 1 Jul 31. 750 sq ft. 1 BR/1BA @ SunBay Apts. $470/mo, willing to deal. DW, GD, Wat, Cats OK! Furn a-vail! Eric @ 352-371-4045, sphyg@hotmail.com 4-8-10-3 1 BLOCK to UF Hardwood Floors, 2BR/1BA, Furnishedor Unfurnished, Rent Negotiable, Avail May 1, 338-9052. 4-2-5-3 Studio house avail May 3 for whole. summer and next year. 3 blocks from campus, partially furn, rent negotiable. Jessica 246-8876 or ufsoccer12381@aol.com 412-11-3 Sublease nice 2BR/2BA Downtown apt. Great location, friendly atmosphere. Walk-in closets, high-speed internet, phone & cable. Rent $810 Avail Anytime. Lease ends July 30. Call1870-7231. 4-25-3 Real Bargain!! Furn 1BR/1BA for female in 3BR/3BA sublease. No sec $300/mo OBO (must leave for work) inc all utils, HBOs, pvt phone, enet, GREAT location. Close to UF. Nice roommates. Avail NOW. 352-256-9341. janetjia@ ufledu 42-5-3 Furnished LEXINGTON CROSSING 1 BR/1BA in a 4BR/4BA. Cable & ethernet. .Avail May 1-Aug 9. $350/mo incl utils 271.f545. 4-2-5-3 ....... .. .. .. Half block from campus -Summer Sublease -furnished 1BR/1BA apartment. $399/mo OBO -rent very negotiable. Call John @ 258-2214 or mail jpc140@ufl.edu 4-2-5-3 Female roommates wanted to live in a beautiful house, very close to UF. Spring and/or summer. Has Ig pool and pvt fence. $500/mo incl. all utils., cable & internet. Jackie 395-7462/941-780-3526. 4-9-45-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA available now in The Laurels. April rent paid. Great roommates, hi-spd internet, "dig cable. Rent negotiable. Call 870-4510. 4-2-5-3 2BR/2BA in Arlington Square Apts located downtown. Available May-August. Very clean. Rent very negotiable. Call Jim at 352-256-6873. 4-2-5-3 $100 OFF EACH MONTH'S RENT GREAT LOCATION!! Summer sublease at Looking Glass. Clean 2BR/2BA. Ethernet. Across street from campus, next to bars. Call Zach 222-3808. 4-2-5-3 AVAIL MAY 1st THRU AUG. 1BR/1BA @ Lexington. W/D, all util, cable, int, phone & furn. $400/mo OBO. Call Allison 2711640. 4-5-5-3 FURNISHED 2BR/2BA townhome $375/mo per room. Includes all util! 3 min frm UF. Flex availability, April thru Aug. days are pro-rated. Call (352)337-8144 or (407)920-0688. 4-5-5-3 HUGE 1BR/1BA. W/D avail, beg of May. $348/mo. Built-in shelves, huge living area, pool, close to campus, can provide furn for summer sublease. Stoneridge Apt. sublease/lease. Call (352)246-6769. 4-5-5-3 2BR/1BA Bungalow in Duckpond. Sublease May thru July. Furnished. Perfect for one person or couple. $585/mo negotiable. Call 352-338-1048. email: ekligerm@yahoo.com 4-5-5-3 $250/mo + 1/4 utils 5 blks to UF. 1BR in 4BR'/2BA house. Avail immed. Call Charlie 262-9469. 4-55-3 Designated drivers are life-savers. MOST WANTED Quinton Darnell Jones Black Male (DOB 12/20/78): 5'11". 160 lbs1 Black Hair, Brown Eyes Wanted for: Felony violation of Probation for aggravated child abuse. cRi~C*T STO PPEs I Call (352) 372-STOPI 

PAGE 15

**WALK TO CLASS** 1 bedroom avail in 2/1 house behind Norman Hall. Avail summer A. great price! Call 262-7200. 4-12-10-3 SUMMER sublease full furn pvt bed/bath in 4BR/4BA @ University Club Apis. Apt is above office reserved parking BR looks over pool! Utils incl 50" TVI Wash/dry incl ethernet. $345/mo Evan (954)465-3364. 4-5-5-3 *Cheap* summer sublet 1BR in 3BR/2BA apt. Huge furnished room. Near 34th St/SW 2nd Ave on 3 buslines. $200/mo. Pool, W/D, parking. M or F. 281-5580 4-5-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE Big 1BR/1BA Furn/unfurn. Located downtown Arlington Square $350/mo 080. Call 514-3225 412-10-3 GREAT DEAL! 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA apt Lexington Crossing. Furn, phone, until, W/D, enet, cable, HBO + more. 2 bus rts. Avail May thru'Aug. $375/mo NEG Call NOW 271-2204 4-5-5-3 SUMMER @ THE EXCHANGE Furnished 1BR/1BA in a 3BR/3BA luxury apt. Enet, cable, near pool, utils & everything incl. $350/mo. Call Rob 352-262-7709 4-5-5-3 CHEAP SUMMER SUBLEASE! For 1BR/1BA in Lexington. Individual lease, close to UF, tons of amenities. EVERYTHING INCLUDED $425/mo. Avail May. Call Jessica @ 271-2048 4-27-22-3 1 FREE MONTH 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA @ COUNTRYSIDE. Nicely furn. Dining & LR, W/D, walk-in closet $390/mo incl utils. Renew option for fall 377-0920 4-13-10-3 4 bedroom house (+Florida room) 4 sublease $975/mo. May 1 -Aug 1. Keep my sec dep & W/D. A few blocks from UF. Huge backyard, screened porch. Rachel 271-6250, Chris 335-5937 4-14-11-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Spyglass apt 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA all util incl, cable, internet, W/D, walk-in closet ONLY $295. Call Natalie 786-423-0445 4-6-5-3 Campus Lodge $300/mo, summer 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA apt. Fully furn, everything incl. Call Ross 745-6590 rpniner36@aol.com 4-6-5-3 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA, fem pref UNIVERSITY CLUB. Rent negot. apt furnished! May-Aug, 7 min on bus ride to UF. Call Nikki 561-302-9089 email nikkil1@ufl.edu 4-13-10-3 FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 2004.U ALLIGATOR, 17 eubases I fI__ __N__ __ __V1___ ___r_ 1BR/1BA in Arbor Loft. No sec dep. $400/mo May-Jun 1BR/1.5BA. Very spaSummer Apt. Sublease Avail in May. Roommate Matching HERE $350/mo May 5 -July 31. 2 Blocks from cious 2 story apt. 10 min walk to UF, also $389/mo. Call 514-2971. 4-8-5-3 -Oxford Manor 377-2777 campus! 379-1778, kschuler@ufl.edu 4on bus route, lots of parking. Call 377-an 39-8-3 o u otlt fprig al37 The Landings 336-3838 9341. 4-2-2-3 1BR/1BA apt avail April 25-mid Aug or The Laurels 335-4455 Take over my lease this Summerwlonger. I pay $550/mo -you pay only Cobblestone 377-2801 Tion tovenefor all. 2 oam 2up***Sorority Row Area*** $395/mo over summer. 550 sqft. Furn/unHidden Lake 374-3866 tons to renew for Fall. 2/1 next to cam2 large rms avail in house behind sorority furn. 2 blocks from Campus in College 4-21-71-4 pus. Pets ok. Call 214-207-3856 row. Fenced yard W/D, Pets ok, DSL, Park near the Swamp. Hwfl, W/D in build. 4-20-15-3 ..... ...... ..... ... ..SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Rocky Point Apts. $250/mo + 1/3 util. Avail now! DSL, cable, lots of space. Contact Graig 7451849 4-2-3-3 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED in 4BR@ Sterling from May to early Aug. $300/mo invl all util, furniture, enet & W/D. Call Diane @ 352-256-1210 4-6-5-3 *Summer/Fall -University Club* 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA Apt Avail ASAP. April rent, sec & util dep covered! Call Mike @ 281-7920 or superdude22@cox.net 4-13-10-3 WALK TO UF! Summer subleases College View Apts 2BR/1BA $450/mo Available May Call 258-3751 4-13-10-3 2BR/2BA available May 1st for summer. Master BR has attached bath & tiled walk in closet. $390/mo 2nd BR & BA $370/mo. W/D, huge screened front porch. Call 514-2471. 4-7-5-3 1 BLOCK TO UF (May to Aug) at Courtyards. 1 or 3 rooms in 5BR/2BA. $370/mo each. All utils, cable, ethernet incl. Furnished. 352-380-0307/uflease@ yahoo.com 4-7-5-3 SUBLEASE @ MELROSE Avail any summer term. 1 female roommate in 4BR/4BA. Fully furn. $300/mo rent incl everything. Call Megan @ 321-794-7582. 4-5-3-3 SUMMER @ THE EXCHANGE 1BR/1BA furnished. All utils included. W/D. $325/mo. Jeremy 214-7397. 4-7-5-3 GREAT DEAL! Melrose summer sublease avail when needed. fully furn, ethernet, W/D, util, phone, 2 pools, health ctr, all only $405/mo for Ig 1BR/BA. Call Paula at 352-335-3932. 4-6-4-3 UNIVERSITY COMMONS WEST 2 person apartment, free cable with HBO. Very quiet $425/month. Call 352-3593434 ask for Evan. 4-9-7-3 1BR/1BA Pine Rush apt 20th. 20, 21 bus rts 05/01-07/31 LIVE ALONE quietly $350/month OBO pets OK 384-9623 leave message. 4-14-10-3 Do you want a dog that barks? WOOF! Find your Toto in the Alligator Classifieds! 'O~fBAff (Eflifl SCRABBLE* is a trademark of Hasbro in the US and Canada. 2004 Hasbro. Distributed by Tribune -Media Services, Inc. All rights reserved. 0000 00 DDDDLJDD F I FPIIl1IHH1 SDDDDDL IEl EFiI 1 M1 HF1P1I SDDDDD l i ElF1-1I PAR SCORE 150-160 BEST SCORE 229 Double Word Score 3rd Letter Triple LI I RACK 2 RACK] RACK 3 RACK 4 FOUR RACK TOTAL TIME LIMIT: 20 MIN DIRECTIONS: Make a 2to 7-letter word from the letters in each row. Add points of each word, using scoring directions at right. Finally, 7-letter words get 50point bonus. "Blanks" used as any letter. have no point value. All the words, are in the Official SCRABBLE Players Dictionary, 3rd Edition. For more information on books, clubs, tournaments and the school program go to www.scrabbssoc.com or cal the Natonal SCRABBLE* Association (631) 477-0033. 04-02 porch & lots of parking. $300/mo 3722996 -Paula. 4-7-5-3 LOOKING GLASS APARTMENTS 1 block to campus/bars 2BR/2BA Both rooms avail. May-Aug Call 246-3907. 4-7-5-3 BEAUTIFUL HOUSr WALKING DIST TO UF! Avail 5/04-7/04, female only $350/mo EVERYTHING INCL + yard, tile, all fun except BR Call Meredith 352-262-3327 or mereak@ufl.edu, price negot. 4-7-5-3 *2 BLKS TO CAMPUS!* 2BR/1BA or 1BR w/den, $635/mo. Avail 5/3 352-338-7559. 4-7-5-3 Big 2BR/1BA $450/mo OBO. Save BIG. Avail NOW thru 7/31 or longer. Walk to UF/Shands. 3 pools. Remodeled bath, high ceilings. Call 335-3919. 4-7-5-3 Great house off 13th, 3BR/1 BA, W/D incl, pets ok, cent AC/heat, wood fIrs, $400pp/mo, w/o util, garage, carport, f/b yards. lyr lease beg Aug 1st. Call 3779397. 4-5-3-3 *SUMMER SUBLEASE* Gainesville Place*2BR/2BA. @PT1 = Both rooms, fully turn, W/D, includes: cable, util, enet. Each room $400/mo 3777741 4-6-5-3 SORORITY LIVING ONLY BETTER! Steps from UF on sorority row! Apr, May, or Aug move-ins avail. Furn, all-incl, Prof roommate matching! From $320/mo, Jacuzzi tubs! 355-8471 ThelvyHouse.net 4-2-1-3 Apt @ The Exchange for sublease 1BR/1BA avail immediately in 3BR/3BA. $404/mo. Save $100/mo. Contact Chris @ 813-289-1614. Iv mssg. 4-8-5-3 1BR sublet in private dorm on SW 8th Ave. Avail May-July. Please call 3741997. 4-9-6-3 CHEAP summer sublease May thru July 31st. Kensington South. $400/mo 2BR/2.5BA townh6use. Pets welcome. Fitness center, pool, close to campus. Call 352-335-9460 or 954-263-4008. 4-85-3 Sublease. Studio avail May 1st right across from campus! $459/mo includes all utilities & FREE FURNITURE! Call 222-0606 for more info. 4-15-10-3 377-3331 or email jenfiers@yahoo.com 4-8-5-3 $265/mo + 1/4 utils 3 blocks to UF, bars! Cable, inet + dig Cable, HBO, Sho. Furnished living/dining room..1BR in 4/2 Call Nick 283-1491. 4-12-7-3 *1BR/1BA apt avail for summer sublease. May 1st -July 31st. Located 3 blocks from campus on 17th St. Contact Joe @ 352-256-4216. 4-15-10-3 FEMALE NEEDED Kensington S. 2BR/2.5BA 1st class townhouse. Incl W/D, vaulted ceilings, pool, gym, jacuzzi tubs, alarm/security, tanning, furn/unfurn May to Aug. $450/mo incl all. Opt to renew. 379-1743. 4-8-5-3 Sublease 1BR/1BA apt i.n Spanish Trace. Avail May thru July w/opt to renew. Pets welcome. Rent negotiable. Call 3794917. 4-8-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE -WALK TO UF House by Sorority Row. 3BR $300 per room/mo. Avail May thru Aug. Call 3794997. 4-8-5-3 AVAILABLE NOW 1BR/1BA apt in Pinetree Gardens. DW, ceiling fans, balcony, security sys, walk-in closets. 1 MONTH FREE, $500/mo. Call Kimlin @ 373-1739 4-8-5-3 Summer sublease! 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2.5BA TWNHM. May 1 -July 31. Fully furn. Close to campus! $325 + 1/2 util. W/D incl. 352-372-9302 or 786-2511424. 4-8-5-3 Summer sublease 1BR/1BA 1 block from campus, across from main entrance. $459/mo, willing to negotiate specifics. Call Brian at 904-591-9269 for details. 4-12-7-3 1 or 2 BRs avail in 2/2 Hidden Lake. Fully furn, cable, ethernet, W/D, pool, gym. Call 373-9947. Avail through Aug 7th. 48-5-3 AVAIL MAY! $PECIAL: $613/MO! Quiet & affordable 2 BD apt. Steps to UF. Behind Norman Hall. Walk-in closets, tiled brkfst nook, central h/ac & FREE parking 376-6223 TrimarkProperties.com 4-21-14-3 Designated drivers are more valuable than diamonds. by Linda Thistle Using the clues, simple arithmetic, T and a little logic, place a single digit (0 to 9) in each empty box in the diagram. To help you get started, one digit has been entered in the diagram. -L ACROSS 1. One-fifth of 7-Across 3. Same digit repeated4. Consecutive digits in ascending order 6. Consecutive digits in descending order 7. Three less than 8Down 9. 2-Down minus 6-Across 12. Two less than 16-Across 14. 3-Down plus 13-Down 15. Twenty less than 4Across 16. Two times 14-Across DOWN 1. Five more than 1-Across 2. Consecutive digits in 8. 10. 11. 12. 13. descending order One-third of 10-Down Four less than 13-Down The first digit is the sum of the other digits The last digit is the sum of the other digits Eight less than 15Across 6-Down minus 1-Down 4-Across plus 5-Down Seven times 3-Across 0 2004 King Features Syndicate, Inc. *F/M wanted for 2BR/1BA 0 Only 2 blocks from UF. Apt is furn, your BR is unfurn. Great apt w/DSL. You pay: $285/mo + 1/2 util. Call Jesse: 377-2609 4-2-29-4 NS female, clean, responsible roommate to share 3BR/2BA house in Hickory Forest subdivision. $385 + 1/2 GRU bill. Cable & phone included in *rent. 352-262-3989. 4-21-28-4 4BR/4BA COUNTRYSIDE CONDO W/D, DW plenty of parking, hi-spd inet, cable, $400/mo incl utils. Call Katie 378-0041 4-1 3-20-4 3/2 avail in beautiful, large 4/3 5yr old house located in quiet family neigh. Fully furn common area. Must be clean, responsible, NS. Starting from $365/mo + utils. Avail 8/1. 376-4421 or 246-4519. 4-21-25-4 Female, own room in big, furn, 3/2 NW home; W/D, wireless. Near SF/UF & bus. 4202 NW 15th-PI. Neat, friendly student, NS, no pets, $350 + util 246-6719 4-2124-4 Iblk from UF. Starting May. Large 4BR/1BTH house. $300-320. lyr lease, SD, NS, no pets. Split util. Call 352-8707256 4-21-23-4 ****1 BLK TO UF**** Large private room for male, next to Norman Hall, older house, hardwood floors, utilities incl, $250-$300 per month. Greg 376-3291 or 214-3291. 4-14-20-4 **WALK TO UF** Room for rent in newly renovated NW house, incl util, hispd net, HBO cable, phone, sec system, parking, NS, no pets $395/mo. avail 8/1/04 727-385-3675. 42-10-4 Music House: Rm avail soon! Huge house, Ig pvt yd, 1.5mi to UF on bike path, W/D, sat, DSL, Dig rec studio. Cool, sane. Great place. Pref musician/student, poss trade rent 4 work $300/mo 371-9409 421-22-4 A PLACE TO CALL HOME Responsible roommate for 3BR/3BA. Immediate & summer opening. On major bus rt. Close to UF. Large BR w/pvt BA. $450/mo. Has furn if needed. All utils incl. For inquries call 284-2810 4-6-10-4 Beautiful Home in trees. Quiet street near UF. Fun people, gourmet kitchen, cheerful fireplace, hi spd DSL inet, cable TV, W/D, cent A/C, Ig yd. Comfortable. $330 + $50 utils. 352-271-8711. 4-2-5-4 COUNTRYLIVING 3 bedroom home in Newberry. Private BR/shared bath. Hot tub/satellite TV. Need 1 person. $300/mo + share utils. Call Bob or Judy 331-8940. 4-9-10-4 Roommates needed for clean spacious 3BR/2BA apt furn except BR's Many amenities. NS, pets welcome. $310/mo + 4/3 util each. Avail Aug 1st. Call Jessica 377-0094 or peteyl @ufl.edu 4-5-5-4 Female roommate NS no pets for 3BR/3BA furnished Rockwood Villa. $350-$430/mo incl utils, internet, cable except phone. Fall & summer lease. Call 407-766-7103 4-6-5-4 Male roommate wanted -mature, serious student only. Share 2BR/2BA condo. Pool, exercise room & laundry facility. $300/mo + 1/2 utils. $300 sec dep 352528-6873 4-6-5-4 Spacious new home in quiet neighborhood. 1 room avail in 3BR/2BA house. Seeking clean responsible student. $330/mo + util. Call 352-871-6135 0 ALSO 2 room avail fall 4-13-10-4 **4 BLKS TO CAMPUS** Lg BR in huge 3800 sq ft House w/pool! Lg kitchen, wood floors, big screen TV, Ig driveway $425/mo + util. Cory 904-2345214 or. 352-373-9015 4-21-16-4 Every aluminum can you recycle saves the equivalent energy of running a 100 watt light bulb for three hours! Classifieds... Continued on next page. I 

PAGE 16

18,'ALLIGATORU FRIDAY, APRIL 2,2004 Roommates' ngs =A t( Autos Furnishi Mo, 6 le e& cycles, Roommate needed to share 3BR/2BA furnished house in SW area, with male professional school student. inc W/D, DW, cable modem & garage. $375 + 1/2 util call 352-264-8149. 4-7-5-4 Female roommates wanted to share 3BR/2AA townhouse. Recently remodeled, furn except BR. W/D, kit appl, micro, A/C. All util incl except ph. Pool, clubhouse, on bus rt. Avail summer term & 2004/05 school year. $425. Please call Lauren 359-2395. 4-9-7-4 COUNTRYSIDE @ UNIVERSITY. $400/mo unfurn. $420/mo furnished. 3 rms avail for fall in a Condo 4BR/4BA. cable,,digital TV + all util incl except phone. Call Kim 941-545-1502. 4-14-104 For furn 1BR/1BA in nice 2BR/2BA. D/W, good neigh, pool, 4 miles to UF, bus route, $260/mo + 1/2 util pref Asian F, student, NS, no pet. Avail on 5/1/04. Call 331-0834 after 6pm. 4-6-3-4 Real Estate Quadraplex, Triplex, or Duplex with Private Parking. 60 Seconds to UF. Excellent Condition. For sale now. 352-538-2181 Iv. mssg. 4-21-71-5 St. Augustine on Oyster Creek 5 blks to downtown, 2 mi to beach, converted old churQ 6BR/6BA, mother-in-law suite, huge porch, hardwood floors, $293k. owner finance 336-0048 4-21-35-5 Huge duplex for sale. Rent pays your mortgage. Hardwood firs, fireplaces, claw foot tub in garden bathroom, dishwasher, cnt AC/H, W/D. $193k, owner finance. 336-0048 4-21-24-5 4BR/4BA condo for sale. Countryside at University. Quiet 3rd floor. gated entry, over pool area, newly remodeled. Avail end of April. $149,900 OBO Call Bill 954868-2343. 4-9-15-5 2BR/BA condominium for sale. 1350 sq ft. Very spacey rooms! Living room, dining, kitchen. 2 floors -more privacy. Asking $55,000 or best offer! Call 331-1467 or 514-1485 4-5-7-5 LAKE BARGAIN $24,900. Free covered boat slip! Gently sloping lake view parcel w/nice mix of low rolling meadows & trees,.Abuts national forest on 35,000 acre recreational lake in TENN. Paved roads, water, sewer, more. Excellent financing. Call now (800)704-3154, ext. 483, Sunset Bay, LLC. 4-2-1-5 Grand Opening Land Sale! FLORIDA 10+ acres only $195,000. Huge savings on big ranch acreage in South Florida! Gorgeous mix of mature oaks, palms & pasture with miles of bridle paths. Located on Martin County/ Okeechobee line. Quiet, secluded, yet close to 1-95 and the coast. Great financing, small down payment. Call now (866)352-2249, X 128. 4-2-1-5 TENNESSEE THE PERFECT YEAR ROUND CLIMATE Lake & GolfHomes & Land Low State Taxes! Low Property Taxes! Call Lakeside Realty (423)6265820 TODAY. 4-2-1-5 Dreaming of retiring to the Carolina Mtns? Pre-construction prices available on wooded golf front homesites. No time limit to build. Low down payment, lowest interest rates in years! Call (866)334-3253, x 647. 4-2-1-5 NC MOUNTAIN CLOSEOUT SALE! 1.8 Acres-Stream $34,900. 4 AcresMountain & River Views, $69,900. 6.8 AcresRiver & Steam Front-S119,900. Paved Roads, underground utilities, (800)4551981, Ext. 565. 4-2-1-5 Beds@Full mattress & boxspring sets $49•Qn sets $89 Single sets $39 0 King sets $99/ 0 from estate sale. Safe pine bunk bed $109. 376-0939/378-0497. Call a mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave. 4-2171 -6 Bedding close-outs *All wrappedin plastic~twin sets $790full sets $1 1900n. sets $1 39@King sets $189@student discounts apply@4370 SW 20th Ave. 376-0953, we deliver. 4-21-71BED -FULL SIZE ORTHOPEDIC Pillow top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/ warranty. Can deliver. Sacrifice $140. Call 352-377-9846. 4-2171-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT Brand new still packaged w/ warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1400. Sacrifice $399. 352-372-7490 4-21-71-6 BED -King Pillowtop mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never used, in plastic with warranty. Sell $230. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-21-71-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED, solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed, Cost $1500, sacrifice $550 352-2715119. 4-21-71-6 BEDROOM SET. 7-pc Cherry. Queen/king bed, dresser w/ mirror, 2 nightstands, chest avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500 must sell. sacrifice $1400 (352) 372-7490 4-21-71-6 SOFA, LOVESEAT & CHAIR. 100% Italian leather. Still new in boxes w/ warranty. Cost $5,000. Sacrifice $1,500. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-21-716 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-3728588 4-21-71-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/mattress. Brand new, all unused in box. Sell $199 can deliver. 352-377-9846. 421-71-6 4 SOFAS USED $350/all WILL SELL SEPARATE 262-6173 4-2-4-6 32" NEW TV $375! TV stand available too. Couch $40. Recliner $30. and more!!! Call 373-5906, leave message if we are not there. 4-5-5-6 Sofa $150. Dining Set $50; Coffee Table $50. ALL OBO. All less than a year old. Call 514-3225 4-5-5-6 Lg Computer desk $75, Ig wicker dresser $60, Ig dorm fridge $50, 19" color TV $40, camcorder nice $65, portable sewing machine $50, gas lawn mower $50, futon nice $160. Call 335-5326. 4-2-2-6 Couch. dark tan, super soft, perfect cond. $150 OBO. ALSO decorative wood shelf. 6ft tall $35. Please call 359-2976. 4-6-26 Computers ~~WeW& ak How& CAlls/ 4-21-68-7 Computer HELP fast! A+ Computer Geek House/dorm 59 min response. No waiting/unplugging/hassels. $10. Gator Discount. M/F Cert MCSE technicians. 333-8404. www.AComputerGeek.com 421-68-7 CASH PAID FOR LAPTOPS Any quantity working or not. LAPTOP SALES & REPAIR www.pcrecycle.biz 336-0075. 4-21-71-7 TOSHIBA DESKTOPS -500 Mhz, 6GBHD, 64 Meg RAM (expandable to 256), CD Rom, 15" mon, kybd, mouse, spkrs, Win 98 & Office 2000 installed all for $175. 386-717-7190 4-16-16-7 DISCOUNT HI-Fl 722 S. Main@• The Red Bldg WE ARE CHEAPER 4-21-71-8 GATOR CAR ALARMS Take a bite out of NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE Many to choose from *Best Prices in Town* SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W University Ave 4-21-68-9 For, Sale PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-538-2181. Can leave mssg." 4-21-71-10 KAYAKIN FUN. Sit-on-top kayak. Aquaterra Prism w/paddle, seat, and vest. Great shape. $400/OBO. Call 352494-3858. 4-8-5-10 GOVERNMENT SURPLUSGreat deals on surplus and confiscated items. Easy and convenient, right from your computer. Items change daily. Register free. www.govdeals.com or call (800)6130156. 4-2-1-10 VENDING ROUTE! Coke/Lays/Mars/Water. Professional income and equipment, financing available w/$7500 down. Call (877)843-8726 no hype! B02002-037. 4-2-1-10 Distributorship Now Available For Our Outstanding Line of Pet Foods, Pet Care, Animal Health Products. Training, Support, Low Investment, Inventory Optional. SPC, Inc. (800)354-2832. www.spetrumpetcaredistributor.com 4-2-1-10 ALL CASH CANDY ROUTE Do you earn $800 a day? Your own local candy route. Includes 30 Machines and Candy All for $9,995. (800)814-6323. B02000033. 42-1-10 1.800.VENDING 90 Machines-$9,120. The Best Locations! #B02428. (800)8363464 24/Hrs. 4-2-1-10 SAWMILL-$2,695.00-LumberMate-2000 & LumberLite-24. Norwood Industries also manufactures utility ATV attachments, log skidders, portable board edgers and forestry equipment. www.norwoodindustries.com-Free information: (800)578-1363 ext300-N. 4-2-110 WOLFF TANNING BEDS. AFFORDABLE CONVENIENT. Tan At Home Payments From $29/month FREE Color-Catalog Call Today (800)842-1305. 4-2-1-10 Motorcycles, Mopedsl *** SOLANO CYCLE *** Mopeds from $750 -Scooters from $1099 Large Selection from Kymco, Hyosung, many others. Financing Avail. 3550 SW 34th St. 338-8450 www.solanocycle.com 4-21-71-11 CASH PAID: For motorcycles, scooters, ATVs, or dirt bikes in ANY CONDITION! Prompt pickup. Call 352-262-4673 anytime. 421-33-11 UNDER WARRANTY 2003 UM X-PEED 50 50cc 3 months old less than 100 miles. $1400/OBO Call 332-8664. 4-2-7-11 2 person SCOOTER 50cc Eton Beamer 2500mi -perfect 2001 -barely used graduating senior -$1500 OBO call Jill 352-336-0135 or 904-535-4815 4-8-1011 SCOOTERS, SCOOTERS, SCOOTERS Quality scooters as low as $1099. 6 brands to choose from. 0% financing. available. 518 SE 2nd St. Gainesville, FL 377-6974 www.RPMmotorcycles.com 4-21-71-11 answers RIDE TO CLASS! 50cc SCOOTER Starting at $875. Cheapest prices in Gainesville. Check out www.swampcycles.com or call 352-373-8823. 4-2-5-11 2003 QINQI SCOOTER Less than 1000 mi. Excellent condition. $750. Helmet and raingear included. jjfl1@ufl.edu 4-6-511 1992 SUZUKI GS500E Great condition, Yoshimura exst. New blue paint. Only asking $1500. Great first bike. Call Jesse at 352-256-5877. 4-8-5-11 N Autos *FAST CASH PAID-FOR ANY CAR* *Running or not!@ *NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS *Over 1Oyr svc to-UF students *Call Don @ 215-7987 6-17-71-12 CARS-CARS Buy* Sell* Trade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTOSALES 373-1150 4-21-71-12 DON'T BUY A LEMON Complete on-site inspections by certified master mechanic. hate to shop? Let us shop for you! CAR SEARCH 375-5924. www.mycarsearch.net 4-21-71-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! Hondas, Chevies, Toyota's etc.! For current listings Call (800)319-3323 ext. 4622. 4-21-71-2 **FAST CASH PAID** For Cars, Trucks, Motorcycles Running or Not 1990 & up only Call Ray 352-284-8619 4-21-71-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING** *POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK* ON SITE AVAILABLE Call Steve 338-5142. 4-21-71-12 OVER 30 IMPORTS UNDER $5000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.selectmotorcar.com 4-21-71-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES We will beat any competitor's cash price by 10%. Cash cars available as low as $599. Call Now 352-338-1999 4-21-7112 SUN CITY AUTO SALES Lowest Down in Town, No credit check. More than 150 vehicles in stock. $2000 Discount on any finance vehicle. Call Now 352-338-1999 4-21-71-12 *ECONO CAR* AUTO RENTAL Daily Weekly Monthly Yearly Exchange Student Visiting Prof *As low as $395* *378-4987* 4-21-71-12 I BUY CLEAN CARS NICE IMPORTS WANTED WILL PAY CASH SELECT MOTOR CAR 2715 N MAIN ST. 377-1616 4-21-73-12 97 MERCURY SABLE GS sedan, green, automatic. 84780 miles, cold AC, excellent condition $3200 (352)335-8627 M-F 7-10pm Sat-Sun all day. 4-2-2-12 FAST CASH I buy cars and trucks RUNNING OR NOT I also sell nice running cars Call Raul 316-2080 4-21-59-12 94 MITSUBISHI MONTERO LS, 4WD, 7 pass, SUV. Good condition, 150k miles. Green w/ roofrack, hitch, PS/PB/PW/PL, remote. AC works good. $4800 352-2224923 4-2-3-12 Buying a Car? See picture online www.AutoGainesville.com 4-13-10-12 [AutoGainesville ] ~Find Ah'Your Auto .ees 4-13-10-12 1992 MAZDA MIATA Red4black interior, 2nd owner, 5 spd, new top/tires/brakes. 10CD, A/C, 69k miles, svc records, very good condition, $4250/OBO 352-380-0806 Iv mssg. 4-96-12 EWanted LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: GOLD, DIAMONDS, GEMS, CLASS RINGS, ETC TOP CASH $ OR TRADE. OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY. 373-9243 4-21-71-13 HELP WANTED: Totally blind lady needs trans on Sundays only to Mass @ Queen of Peace Catholic Church or St. Augustine Catholic Church. For more info call 219-6948. I live in the Tower Rd area 4-15-23-13 40LAPTOP computer like new, @ min: 1 Ghz speed, 256 MG mem, 5GB HD cap. CD/DVD/speakers 0 21"-24" TV, like new condition. Contact southernrehab@yahoo.com 4-6-5-13 N Help Wanted Assistant Production Manager Looking for an enthusiastic and innovative person to head the Night Production Staff from 5pm to lam. Need to be a motivator with good organizational skills who works well with others under deadline. Duties include hiring and training University students in page layout and graphic design of the newspaper. Must have experience in Adobe products including Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, and Acrobat. With resume please include cover letter that includes salary requirements for you to be considered for the interview. Benefits included paid holidays, insurance and excellent working environment. Send information to Production Manager, The Independent Florida Alligator, P0 Box 14257, Gainesville, FI 32604-2257, or email vbean@alligator.org. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 4-21-34-14 No jobs available but we are paying cash for used CD's and DVDs. Giant inventory of hard t6 find CD's. VHS tapes $5, and less. HEAR AGAIN CD's 818 W. University. 4-21-71-14 Middle-aged millionaire needs business partners for rapidly expanding business. Serious only PT & FT 800-323-1588 4eSg2II BRAND GRAMS SOLUTION F 18B31F EFci lIs,K E~i PAR SCORE 150-160 RACK 1 = RACK 2 = RACK 3 = RACK 4 = TOTAL 15 65 84 65 229 SCRABBLE* is a trademark of Hasbro in the US and Canada. 2004 Hasbro. Distributed by Tribune Media Services, Inc. All rights reserved. --~BEST CARS@LO WEST PRICES othe independent florida www.39thaveimports.com altgatot 4-21-71-12 BED4fteen, orthopedic, firm, extra-thick pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Sacrifice $150. call 352-372-7490 will deliver 4-21-71-6 crime $99.95. Installed FREE. Gainesville's oldest car alarm and car stereo specialty store. 373-3754 Audio Outlet. 4-21-71-8 I 

PAGE 17

..HelpWai4W Help WantedE FRIDAY, APRIL 2, 20041tALLIGATOR, 19 Help wanted I *$4 anted H*Wnte interested in Modeling? Visit http://www.danncaps.com/modelx.asp for info on this exciting opportunity. 4-5**GATOR MOVING** P/T, F/T, flex hrs. Good pay, tips advancement. Class D license preferred. Apply 505 NW 53 Ave B/T Main/NW 13 St. Bring friend to work with. 4-21-71-14 LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Shop helperM-F lpm-6pm, alt Sat 9-3 Fall/Spg. Must beat least 21,. clean driving record, drug free, pers ref, pre-emp screening. Close to UF. 2205 SW 13 St. 4-21-71-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard working person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. Will train, PT to start with more hrs possible. Start at $5.50/hr. Flex hrs. Please call 495-9024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-21-7114 Certified Nursing Assistant class. Home schooling, learn @ your own pace, time, & convenience, fast or slow. $200. 18 yr. exp RN Lic #2523562 Call free 4 more info 1-800-566-4913 4-2t-71-14 $250 a day potential/bartending. Training provided. 1-800-293-3985 ext 2306. 4-21-71-14 DOMINO'S PIZZA World's largest pizza delivery company now hiring delivery drivers. $9-$14/hr All you need is a reliable car & a very positive attitude. Apply @ any of the Domino's locations. 4-21-71-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 4-21-7114 Students in Accounting, Business/Sales and IT needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/employment BARTENDING $250/day potential No experience necessary, training provided 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-21-71-14 UFSRC -SURVEY RESEARCH NO SALES! $7/hr+bonus Bilingual+UF students. Must work eves, wkends, summer break weeks. Call M-F, 10-5, 392-2908 x105 4-21-71-14 ADVERTISING SALES Local area business is looking for Account Executives for existing accounts and new customers. Paid training, excellent benefits. 246-1333. $30,000-$55,000 first year potential. Email resume to Ben Amponin at ba5879@yahoo.com. Drug test and proof of clean DMV record required. 5-11-72-14 $15/hr -LIQUOR & WINE PROMOTIONS. promogirl.com 4-21-71-14 Business websites, complete from $7.95/mo. 3 months FREE, No set up fee. Includes graphics and credit card interface. http://bumblebeeworks.com 4-2171-14 Los Angeles Times Daily Crossword Puzzle Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis ACROSS 1 Edible herring 5 Sign with scales 10 Jewelry designer Peretti 14 Prefix with chrome 15 Arctic language 16 It may be painted 17 Lined up 18 Pleading for attention? 20 Squeeze the last drop from 22 Scope 23".__ saw Elba." 24 Suppressed laugh 26 Cream puff made with green cheese? 30 Nooner, possibly 31 1949 Gatsby portrayer 32 Letters on a ranch 35 Em, for one 36 Oil source 38 Novel plantation 39 Jazzman Beneke 40 Company founded by Ingvar Kamprad 41 "My Cousin Vinny" Oscar winner 42 Carbon monoxide alarm? 45 Twists and turns 48 "Can't argue with that" 49 Artist Matisse 50 'We're done" 54 Slow way out of the mountains? 57 Hybrid citrus fruit 58 Big cross 59 Bit 60 X-ray units 61 Outer limit 62 Place 63 Once, once DOWN 1 "Jaws" actor Robert 2 Cologne address 3 Mine, in Metz 4 Maine, to a Mainer 5 Brahms works 6 Charles's "Gaslight" costar 7 Gull perch 8 Cage component 9 Downed 10 Participate 11 "The Divided Self' author 12 Scorch 13 Tattered Tom's creator 19 Same-old sameold 21 Gumption 24 Serb, e.g. 25 Not in stitches? 26 State in SaintTropez 27 M6tIey 28 Old Mercury model 29 Mount Saint Alaska-Canada peak 32 Unconvincing 33 "If We Only Have Love" songwriter 34 Pen 36 Dust Bowl denizen 37 Not as much 38 "Indeed!" 40 Cat's "Got it' 41 Bolt holder 42 Online commerce 43 Home of Odysseus 44 Keynoted 45 "To __ You Are": Josh Groban hit 46 Mend the lawn 47 Disguised, informally 50 Beep, e.g. 51 Culture medium 52 Some Yale degs. 53 Itemize 55 Goddess of the dawn 56 Type of course ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE: ABBA EVENSO IB DDIPID ROANS ETA JONOONS xwordeditor@aol.com 04/02/04 By Poub Gawcbe 04/02/04 (c)20 Trm Mdi Servksk, lac. St2? Call 1.9O'6-4413. 99 cents a minute EARN $60 THIS WEEK For 2 Lifesaving PLasma Donations NEW DONORS: BRING THIS AD FOR AN EXTRA $5 ON YOUR 2ND DONATION! Walk-ins Welcome! DC IBIOLOGICALS,LLC NW 6th Street 378-9204 **Get Paid For Your Opinions!** *Earn $15-$125 & more per survey!* *www.paidonlinesurveys.com* 4-21-62-14 Attractive, thin females who smoke daily or weekly needed for confidential phone interview. Selected callers earn $40. Leave name & number, your call will be returned. 866-670-9915 Toll Free. 5-2727-18 CASH!! Tired of sitting around w/out it? Sit here & make it! UF FLORIDA REPDIALS seeks UF students to raise funds. Earn up to $8.00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedule. Apply at 105 NW 16th St. 4th floor, Academic Classroom Building 105, or call 392-7754 for more info. 4-23-72-14 Time Customer Service, Inc. is hiring part-time seasonal Telephone Sales Representatives. Competitive salary, plus performance bonuses! Must be able to attend 2 weeks of paid training. Apply MondayFriday at 4110 SW 34th Street, Suite 20. For directions, call 379-5842 EEO/AA 4-21-59-14 COUNSELORS and Instructors needed! Coed summer camps in Pocono Mtns, PA Apply online at www.lohikan.com or call Lohikan, 1-800-488-4321. TOP SALARY PAID! 4-21-46-14 HIRING DRIVERS $8-15/hr, easy schedule. Call 2-6pm 3782442. California Chicken 4-21-41-14 $$ STUDENTS GET CASH $$! For gently used brand name Clothing/Accessories & Furniture @ SANDY'S We pay $$ on the spot -no appt needed 2906 NW 13th St. (Across from Sam's Club) 372-1226 4-21-40-14 MAKE $$ TAKING ONLINE SURVEYS Great opportunity for students! Earn $10-$125 for surveys or Earn $25-$250 for focus groups. Visit www.cash4students.com/ams-uf 421-35-14 Part-Time Leasing Consultant Lease apts. and earn cash! Energetic people for PT work. Customer service exp. needed. Must have afternoon and weekend availability. Great work atmosphere! Apply: Paradigm Properties 220 N. Main St. 375-2152 4-21-71-14 GIRL SCOUT CAMP hiring Counselors, Lifeguards, Nurses, Boating Inst, Arts/Crafts Dir, Equestrian Staff. Live-in positions 6/1-7/26. Salary + meals & housing. 1 -800-347-2688 or kkeene@girlscouts-gateway.org EOE. 47-20-14 Earn $10/hr Nationwide Mortgage lender has immediate sales position avail for college students seeking professional work exp. No exp required, flexible hrs. Apply in person btwn 7-9pr Mon-Fri, 1900 SW 34th St, Suite 206, 2nd Fl (Above Credit Union) American FINANCIAL 4-2 1-26-14 RECEPTIONIST 9am-lpm Mon-Fri. Begins $7/hr. Mail or bring resume to Wellspring Psychiatry & Psychotherapy 5618 NW 43rd St. 32653 in Waterford Park. 4-2-10-14 tant positions for the SUMMER B 2004 Sermester. Applications are available from Kathy Smith in the Department of Housing and Residence Education Office, and are due by 4:00pm on April 15th. For further information contact Kathy Smith at 392-2171 ext. 10139.-4-15-14-14 Counselors Needed! Residential Easter Seals Camp Serving disabled Children & Adults. Ropes course, swimming, A&C, etc Salary + R&B 352-383-4711 4-21-26-14 PAINTER HELPERS WANTED Daytime hours $6/hr Call 378-7013 Iv mssg. 4-9-15-14 CAMP COUNSELOR JOBS Top ranked children's camp located in The Poconos Mtns of Pennsylvania seeking cabin & specialist counselors to teach team sports, tennis, gymnastics, water front, outdoor adventure, art & more. Apply online at www.pineforestcamp.com 4-21-23-14 SUNCOUNTRY SPORTS CENTER needs summer camp counselors. Apply in person @ 333 SW 140th Terr. 331-8773. 4-2-10-14 Calico Jacks is now hiring kitchen staff. Accepting applications Monday -Friday 2-4pm. No phone calls please. Location: 3501 SW 2nd Ave in the Creekside Mall 4-5-10-14 RGIS Inventory Specialists Looking for part-time auditors starting wage $7.50/hr. Apply @ www.rgisinv.com 4-21-22-14 NOW HIRING -ALL POSITIONS $12-35/hr. Apply online www.work-for-students.com 4-5-10-14 NOW HIRING SUMMER INTERNSHIPS Sales, mgmt, and marketing program open to UF and SFCC students. Av'g 1st summer students earn $7500. 3 hr credit. Call 352-264-7314 9am to 5pm SW Co 4-13-15-14 SUMMER JOBS! The YMCA is accepting applications for camp counselors, lifeguards/swim instructors and customer svc. reps. Apply in person at 5201 NW 34th St. 4-7-10-14 Florida Sheriffs Youth Ranches -Camping Services is looking for summer camp counselors. Employment dates May 21 Aug 6. Please call Michael Brannan @ 352-477-2259 for more information. EOE/DFWP 4-21-20-14 LIFEGUARDS & SWIM INSTRUCTORS NEEDED in Jacksonville & St Augustine area. Good pay, fabulous faculties. swimbiz@comcast.net of 904-880-5156 4-9-11-14 French Addiction now hiring fun sales people w/retail exp. Web sales exp helpful. Call Mary Jane 352-281-1968 4-2-614 **STUDENT WORK** PT/FT Flex Schedules -Great Pay Customer slaes/svc. Cond apply. workforstudents.com Call 367-4444 4-2Salad Bar/Deli 720 SW 2nd Ave Lobby. 2 part-time positions. Close to campus/start immediately. Flexible schedule 352-377-2600 4-2-6-14 SPRING EXPANSION Secure summer jobs. Must fill 21 positions by summer. Customer sales/svc. $12 base/appt. Positions filling quickly. Call ASAP 367-4444 www.workforstudents.com 4-2-5-14 SALES ASSOCIATES F/T and P/T for hotel. Hourly + bonus. Weekdays & wkends. Friendly attitudes w/good customer svc skills. Apply in person: 4021 SW 40th Blvd. 4-2-5-14 Wait staff -Sign up to help us w/a catering event on April 17. Get some extra cash for the summer. Also sign up for other upcoming eVents or help us in some of our Java locations. Fill out app @ B-23 Reitz or Classic Fare Catering Office. 4-9-10Bookkeeper/Marketing Assistant for top notch jewelry designer. Full or Part time. Craftsmen also. Will train. Resume to info@ RellerGold.com 4-2-5-14 Now accepting applications for Resident Assistant and Apprentice Resident AssisClassifieds... Continued on next page. LAW OFFICE ASSISTANT Self motivated, organized, dependable, professional. Phone, computer, people skills. 20-30 hrs per week. Start 6-7-04. Call Marisa 352-379-1900. 4-9-10-14 ARC of Alachua County, Inc Apply at 3303 NW 83rd St, or fax resume to 352-334-4080 or email wthompson@arcalachua.org Job Line 334-4060 ext 281. EOE, Drug-free. Residential Habilitation Tech: Looking for caring, honest & energetic persons to assist developmentally disabled adults. Ideal applicant wou* possess a 2 yr degree or two years working w/the developmentally disabled, medical. children or the elderly or two years of post-high school education in a related field. Applicant must be able to pass the required DCF background screening 4-57-14 MODELING FAST EASY MONEY Great pay. No experience necessary. Must be 18 or older. For more info call 305-345-6969 4-8-10-14 OFFICE HELP NEEDED! MS Word, MS Excel exp. Light schedule including designing flyers and client relations. Call (352)732-3786. 4-9-10-14 PT/FT COOK/KITCHEN HELP AND CASHIERS. Daytime. Will train. Apply in person at MAUI TERIYAKI in Alachua location next to Hitchcock's. 4-9-10-14 PT/FT COOK/KITCHEN HELP AND CASHIERS. Daytime. Will train. Apply in person at MAUI TERIYAKI in Tower Rd. and 13th St. locations. 4-9-10-14 PT NANNY -M,W,F 9am-2pm to 1 toddler. Need ASAP thru summer. Must love outdoors & playing. Bilingual/Spanish is a plus. Ref. Required. Call Maria after 5:00 381-7322. 4-9-10-14 Enthusiastic sales help needed for Etc Boutique. Prior boutique experience required. Resumes accepted Tues & Thurs. 11am-6pm. 2441 NW 43rd St. Ste. 23. Thornebrook Village. 4-2-4-14 Now Hiring -Wendy's @ Shands Hospital. Only neat, friendly, fast and hard working need apply! Great pay and opportunity for advancement! Apply in person or call: 379-9333. 4-5-5-14 A TUTOR POSITIONS The UF Teaching Center is accepting applications for Business, Engineering,Math, Physics & Science Tutors. Call 392-2010 or apply online at www.teachingcenter.ufl.edu 4-5-5-14 WAREHOUSE POSITION! Gville Recycling Plant. 3pm to 11:30pm. Duties consist of handling recycled newspapers, may include glass, plastic & metal. 352-732-3786 4-16-14-14 MOVIE WATCHERS can earn up to $1200 per week to rent and watch movies with friends and family. Apply online www.moviemob.com 4-5-5-14 Sky Nite Club is looking for new bouncers & promoters for the largest Saturday night party in Gville. No exp nec. Organizational or Greek affiliation a plus. Email picture & resume to skyniteclub@aol.com 4-6-5-4 EXPERIENCED SWIM LESSON INSTRUCTORS AND COACHES NEEDED May -July. Call 335-0518 4-16-13-14 Local business needs website created. Price negotiable. Email info to oginfla@aol.com. Please included info & sample site you designed. 4-8-7-14 WAREHOUSWE WORKER NEEDED. Morning hours Mon -thru Sat. Contact Brian or Greg. Boston Seafood Wholesale 352-335-7933 4-13-10-14 15 yr old billion dollar company expanding into Gainesville. Create own schedule. Perfect for students. NOT telemarketing. Call 877-656-3344. 4-2 1-17-14 VALET PARKING Fulltime & parttime people wanted. Must be customer-oriented & dependable. Call John @ 1-800-386-5369 Good Pay! 4-55-14 % l ;I i .i1: 

PAGE 18

20, ALLIGATOR P,-F8IDA%. AIRIh V200O4 HelpWntHe S~ Jc es, rl DREAM OF BEING A CALENDAR GIBL? DO YOU LIKE TO DANCE, SOCIALIZE, MEET EXCITING PEOPLE? "FLORIDA'S ANGELS" IS HOLDING A CASTING CALL & INTERVIEWS IN GAINESVILLE AREA, APRIL 7-9. WE ARE LOOKING FOR NEW HOT REPRESENTATIVES TO BE PART OF 04JR PROMOTIONAL TEAM, OPENING RESTAURANTS, THEME PARKS, NIGHT CLUBS, ETC. HAVE FUN WHILE EARNING MONEY AND BE PART OF A NEW CONCEPT THAT IS ABOUT TO TAKE OFF. CALL 352-377-1005 FOR AN INTERVIEW APPT 4-6-5-14 --. SWIM SHOP needs PT help to sell ladies' swim suits. Apply SWIM & SKI COUNTRY. 3501 SW 2nd Ave, 378-8751. 4-97-14 The Reitz Union Productions Department is now accepting applications for student assistant positions. Productions employees work in a fast-paced environment setting tables, chairs, staging, and audio-visual equipment for meetings and banquets in the Reitz Union. Apply online at http://www.union.ufl.edu/jobs/. 4-7-514 ADMIN ASST. WANTED Flexible schedule, F/T, for a local magazine in an exciting environment. Email resume to jobs@ insitegainesville.com 4-9-7-14 DRIVERS NEEDED gatorfood.com Earn great cash daily, set your 6An schedule. Call Dave for info: 379-9600 4-7-5-14 OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR needed. Gatorfood.com is looking for responsible, enthusiastic people. City geography knowledge, customer svc. exp. helpful. For more info call David 379-3663. 4-75-14 $$WEEKLY$$ eBay opportunity now available!!! www. makemoneyeveryweek.com 4-7-5-14 EQUIPMENT RENTAL AGENT -FT/PT to assist customers with loading, unloading, service and restocking equip. non-smoking, drivers license req. Apply at 220 NW 8th Ave 4-8-5-14 DELIVERY DRIVERS, KITCHEN HELP needed @ MANCINO'S PIZZAS & GRINDERS. Experience preferred. Apply in person. 5717 SW Tower Rd. 4-15-1014 COOKS & BARTENDERS needed @ WEEZERS SPORTS BAR & GRILL. Experience preferred. Apply in person. 3265 ,SW 34th St. Suite 3. 4-15-10-14 MAINTENANCE HELPER PT Flex hours $6-$8/hr. Call 373-1690 leave clear message & brief description. 4-6-214 Black couple seeking experienced, flexible, matured indiv to babysit. NS. 904268-9790. 4-12-7-14 PIZZA MAKER Experience Evenings & weekends. Apply in person 2-5pm NAPOLATANO'S 606 NW 75th St. 4-6-3-14 All Star Program now hiring competitive cheer coaches, competitive hip hop dance coach, tumbling coach. Call 352528-9158. 4-8-5-14 DRIVERS: BEST gets Better! Company up to .45 cents. Teams to .53 cents 0/0 to .93 cents pe'" mile! New Lease Purchase Plan w/ $0 Down! Call (800)CFIDRIVE, www.ctidrive.com. 4-2-1-14 Driver -COVENANT TRANSPORT. Teams and Solos check out our new pay plan. Owner Operators, Experienced Drivers, Solos, Teams and Graduate Students. Call (888)MORE PAY (1-888-66737294j 4-2-1-14 *GOVERNMENT and POSTAL JOBS** PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT. Now hiring from $12-$48/hr. Full/Part positions. Benefits and training. For applications and info (800)573-8555 Dept.P-335 8AM4t 11PM/7 Days. 4-2-1-14 S Driver-NOW EARN MORE! Increase in Pay Package. Contractors & Company Needed. Flatbed-Refrigerated-Tanker. Over,-the-Road. Some Regional. Commerc al Driver's License Training. (800)771-6318. www.primeinc.com. 4-21-14 ---------------------------f.f DRIVERS NEEDED. Earn $600-$900 per wk. Placement with mtjor truck carriers. No CDL? No problem. Call (800)4235837. 4-2-1-14 $690/PT $1500/FT WEEKLY GUARANTEED! Workers Needed! No Experience Necessary!$50 'CASH Hiring Bonus!! Guaranteed in Writing!!! (888)287-6011. www.USMailingGroup.com 4-2-1-14, ADVERTISING SALES-Territory Manager. Restaurant placed display ads. High commission, paid weekly. Car, experience, and travel required. (800)2994193 ext. 1. Table Topics, Inc. 4-2-1-14 Drivers (TEAM OPERATION) $1000.00 Sign-On Bonus. We have a lot to offer. Pierson/Stuart/Miami Terminals. Armellini Express Lines. Call (800)428-0343 (Email: recruiting@armellini.com) eoe m/f/d/v. 4-2-1-14 Star Searchsingers, bands, songwriters. Audition for 30-companies. (615)3910066 c4promo@aol.com 4-2-1-14 $250-$500 A WEEK! Will train to work at any location. Helping the US government file HUD/FHA mortgage refunds. No exp. nec. (866)537-2907. 4-2-1-14 -Services AAA STORAGE Close To UF, Convenient 4x4x4 $20/mo 4x8x8 $35/mo 533 SW 2nd Ave. 377-1771 4-21-71-15/mo. resume to behrus IMPORT AUTO REPAIR BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality Craftsmanship & Reasonable Prices. Near UF, AAA Approved. 378-7830. www.carrsmith.com. 4-21-71-15 HYPNOTIST-Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Eliminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn selfhypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079. 4-21-71-15 TLC HORSEBOARD. All facilities & ammenities; quality instruction; 15 minutes from UF. Jan at 3767762. Greathouse Equestrian Ctr. 4-21-71-15 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Local and long distance moving. Free Estimates One item or a housefull. FL Reg # IM19 Call Now! (352)374-4791 800-797-6766. 4-21-71-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-21-71-15 ** BELLY DANCE ** *Classes Mon-Sat.* Ethnic Dance Expressions Studio For Fun & Fitness 384-9200 www.ethnicdanceexpressions.com 4-21-71-15SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE FARM Boarding 0 Lessons/English 0 Parties/Woodsers • Alachua County's oldest & finest horse farm 9 466-4060 4-21-71-15 ** *k. BANNERS SIGN* ** ENGRAVED AWARDS 0 EXHIBITS CUSTOM PRESENTATION POSTERS www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 4-21-71-15SPORTS SUPPLEMENTS, INTERNET PRICES. Gainesville Gym Pro Shop 201 NW 6th SI, ph:376-8400, EAS, Optimum, Metrx, Detour, Twinlab, Worldwide, DPA. 4-12-5015 GET IN SHAPE NOW! Join Gainesville Gym, bodybuilding, weightlifting, 201 NW 6th St. ph: 3768400, 1 month only $20.00 for men, women, FITNESS. 4-12-50-15 TRAFFIC SCHOOL ONLINE Take Points off Your Driver's License From Home or School With Quick, Easy Online Courses onlinedrivingschool.idrivesafely.com 4-5-20-15 TUTOR -IMPROVE YOUR GRADES! Chemistry & Math by PhD Chemist, 7 yrs exp. Clean, understandable explanations. Friendly, relaxed. Call 215-4058 4-6-1515 LIFE SHARPENERS Are you ready for life's challenges? A Life Coach can help.you strategize, reach your goals faster, realize your potential. & much more. FREE introductory session. To learn more, email: coachike@bellsouth.net 4-7-16-15 STORAGE PRE-LEASE SPECIAL No Hassles 0 Free Lock 0 Pro-Rated Close to UF 0 All Sizes 0 No Deposit Archer Road Self Storage 371-4296 Southwest Storage 374-4444 4-9-15-15 Stay at home mom can watch your kid anytime. Pay negotiable. Call Jenny at 352-367-0487. 4-8-6-15 GRADUATION & WEDDING INVITATIONS! Hand addressing with calligraphy. $1 each. Email Piano2288@aol.com or call 352-256-9477 5-6-5-15 HIGH SCHOOL. EARN your diploma at home in 6 months or less. Work at your own pace. Keep your present job. First Coast Academy. Free brochure. (800)658-1180. www.fcahighschool.org 4-2-1-15 $$$FREE MONEY$$$ PUBLIC ANNOUNC MENT. Government/Private grants available now! Guaranteed Success, free info. Call (800)573-8555 Dept.J14358AM-11PM/7Days. 4-2-1-15 EARN YOUR DEGREE-Online from home. Business, Paralegal, Computers, Networking and more. Financial Aid, job placement assistance and computers provided. Call Free (866)858-2121 or www.tidewatertechonline.com 4-21-1-15 TOO MUCH debt? Don't choose the wrong way out. Our services have helped millions. Stick to a plan, get out of debt & save thousands. Free consultation. (866)410-6827. Freedompoint Financial. Cash For Structured Settlement/ Annuity payments. It's your money! Get cash now when you need it most! Oldest/ best in the business. Settlement Purchasers. (877)Money-Me. 4-21-1-15 DIVORCE $175-$275 COVERS children, etc. Only one signature required! *Excludes govt. fees! Call Toll free (888)998-8888, ext.600. (8am-8pm) Divorce Tech. Established 1977. 4-2-1-15 ACCIDENT VICTIM? INJURED? DISABLED? All accidents, injury, wrongful death claims, nursing home abuse claims. Auto-Bike-Bar-Condo-ShoppingWorkers compensation. A-A-A ATTORNEY Referral Service (800)733-5342 24 HOURS. 4-2-1-15 ONE CALL STANDS BETWEEN YOUR BUSINESS and millions of potential customers. Place your advertisement in the FL Classified Advertising Network. For $425 your ad will be placed in 150 papers. Check out our 2x2 display network too! Call this paper, or Heather Mola, FL Statewide Advertising Network Director at (866)742-1373, or e-mail hmola@flpress.com for more information. (Out of State placement is also available). Visit us on-line at www.florida-classifieds.com 4-2-1-15 All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $99! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199. 4-21-71-16 URGENT CARE/WALK-IN MEDICAL Students -No Appointment Needed! FIRST CARE OF GAINESVILLE 4881 NW 8th Ave #2, 373-2340 Most insurances Accepted 4-21-63-16 FREE SAMPLES Sports performance nutrition/weight loss. Try it out. Limited supply. Local. Call 248-345-2982. www.firstfitness.com/bforeverslim2 Acupuncture/Alternative Medicine National/Board Certified Walk-ins ok 804A NW 16th Ave 379-6171 Allergies, Respiratory Digestive Disorders and More. 4-2-5-16 **17 STUDENTS NEEDED** Lose 2-8lbs per week All natural, safe, Doctor recommended. Guaranteed. Call today 888-344-7950. 4-5-5-16 Are you struggling with life-controlling drug or alcohol issues and want help that is affordable and has a proven success rate? Call (407)330-9600 TODAY! 4-211-16 Healthcare for entire family, $89.95 monthly. No age restrictions, includes dental, Vision, pre-existing conditions accepted, unlimited usage, 500,000 doctors, (800)738-1916, limited time offer. TypngServies I SAME DAY TRANSCRIPTION, Spanish/English translation, typing, apps. Desktop pub: brochures, newsletters, flyers, ads, logos. Resume service. 16 yrs exp. 24 hr turnaround. Connie 377-2411. 4-21-71-17 NEED HELP WITH PAPERS? Get them critiqued by a UF grad with a degree in English! $5/page Call Kristy 375-2422. 4-7-5-17 Anonymous HIV Antibody Testing Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480. GUNS! GUNS! GUNS! 1800 Gun Inventory Over 500 handguns in stock Buy, Sell, Trade or Repair. Reloading Supplies 466-3340 Harry Beckwith, Gun Dealer 8mi. South of G'ville on 441 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-21-71-18 CASH for CDs + DVDs. Buy-sell-trade Giant inventory of hard to find CDsCD's $6.99 and higher. Buy 2 get a 3rd free. VHS $5 & less HEAR AGAIN CD's 818 W. University. 4-21-71-18 Vegetarian? TRY BOOK LOVER'S CAFE Inside Books, Inc. 505 NW 13 St. 10-9 384-0090 4-21-71-18 $ STUDENTS GET CASH $ For trendy, used clothing & furniture. Get cash on the spot! Call Sandy's Consignment 372-1226. 4-21-70-18 FLASHBACKS PAY CASH for clothes. We buy 10-5, M-Sat. open to shop til 6. We. also buy household items 211 W Univ Ave 375-3752 4-21-62-18 $98 EYEGLASSES. ADONIS! 367-0077. Good stuff, Lots of it. Exams available. Mention this ad. 4-21Loving Cath. couple seeks to adopt child to join family. Child will be raised in a home filled with love and joy. Contact Amy Davis at 1-800-590-1108. Ref #101, Agency License #1202-61 4-21-50-18 Loving couple seeks infant for adoption. Call 1-800-532-4115 and enter 00 or email us at jngadoption@cs.com. Not an agency. Bar #0846627 4-21-49-18 Chat live free, gay str-8 or bi. Call the Singles Network free @373-7272. 24hrs. Great way to meet cool people It works. Email: mix@Thematchmaker net 4-2171-19 Professional middle-age male who works nights wishes to meet female of same for friendship. Email scorpion@gru.net for reply 4-21-32-19 **TO GIRL IN CAMO PANTS SHOPPING @ GATOR BEVERAGE: To redeem missed opportunity call guy in line Sat. night 3/27. 871-4319. 4-7-5-19 UNION STREET FARMERS' MARKET Every Wed. 4-7 p.m. downtown UnionStreetFarmersMkt.com Attention student filmmakers: Win $2500 in the ACLU college freedom PSA conte'st. Entries due April 16. Go to www.zilo.com/aclu for more details. 4-2Ennttinment WALDO FARMER & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255. 4-21FIRST STRIKE PAINTBALL G'ville's Most Exciting Field! Call for the best group rates! 352-338-8408. ROCKYCREEK PAINTBALL In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better. Call 371-2092 ***EUROPE $438 RT*** Student Eurailpasses also avail Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-21-69-22 ***WEST COAST $188 RT*** LAX, SFO, Vegas, Phoenix, Seattle & More! Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FI Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 ***AIRFARE $138 RT*** NYC, Wash. DC, New England, more. Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-21GMG TRANSPORT 20 Yrs. as the Official So. Fl. Bus Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $40 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.GMGTRANS.com Miami Bus Service $35 R/T W.P Bch, POMPANO, MIAMI Departures: Fri 2:00 & 4:30 pm 335-8116 www.miamibusservice.com 4-21-71-23 *GO-TRANSPORT.COM* New Personalized Shuttle Service G-ville to Orlando Intl. Airport Rates from $75 352-219-6479 www.GO-transport.com Graduating or going home for summer? CAN'T KEEP YOUR REPTILES? Call me. 352-380-0218. 100 GAL FISH TANK w/ canopy & cabinet stand, wet/dry filter. Salt ot fresh water setup. $225/OBO. Call 352-428-8938 4-2-3-24 HAPPY JACK ProDog(R) & ProPup(R) dewormer: Recognized safe & effective by U.S. CVM against ALL 4 major worms. Chewable. Flavored. Convenient. Economical. At farm, feed & hardware Stores. FOUND: PAIR OF GLASSF.S near Century Tower @ around 9:30pm on Monday. Calf352-870-5699. 4-5-3-25 Ij j 

PAGE 19

FRIDAY, APRIL 2004 a ALLIGATOR, 21 BASEBALL Victory against FSU spurs Gators against Georgia By LOUIS ANASTASIS Alligator Writer lanastasis@aIligator.org Rivalry week continues in Gainesville. The UF baseball team (25-5, 5-1 Southeastern Conference) follows the thrills of a Florida State victory with a three-game series against Georgia (16-10, 24 SEC), with the series kicking off this evening. The Gators enter the matchup on a six-game winning streak. However, the Bulldogs have been moving in the opposite direction, losing their previous six games. Hoping to take advantage of a Georgia team batting only .243 during the skid, UF starts junior Justin Hoyman (6-0). The ace of UF's pitching staff maintains a cautious approach toward the faulty Georgia lineup. "You can think about that two different ways," said Hoyman, who leads the SEC in wins, strikeouts and innings pitched. "You can say, 'Yeah, those guys are struggl;-.,; and I'm going to stick it to them,' or 'Hey, you .guys are struggling, and you're going to be able to break out."' The Gators experienced a 14-game winning streak earlier during the season, but their latest run could carry more weight. After taking two of three from Arkansas two weeks ago, UF defeated Dartmouth, swept a road series against Kentucky and rallied in extra innings to defeat the 10th-ranked Seminoles. Whether the Gators face the best teams or the worst teams, Hoyman uses the same philosophy. "They're all the same to me; I hate them all," Hoyman said. Two Gators' players are besting their team's run ofvictories with a streak of their own. Entering tonight's game, center fielder Jeff Corsaletti boasts a 12-game hitting streak, while shortstop Justin Tordi trails closely with an 11-game streak. The key to-both players' newfound success appears to be experience. Corsaletti said that last year he was overly aggressive at theplate, a technique that resulted in few walks. Tordi seems to have gone through similar growing pains and with nearly identical results. "Justin Tordi last year and Justin Tordi this year are two different people," Corsaletti said. "Last year, he was a free swinger, and this year he's improved so much and he's unbelievable." In Wednesday's home game against the Seminoles, UF set a McKethan Stadium attendance record 5,663. Achieving similar results against Georgia might be far-fetched, but regardless, Corsaletti insists on giving supporters a personal message. "Even if you only want to come out for a little bit; come out," he said. "I guarantee you're going to have a good time watching the game." SEC showdown could propel No. 13 UF N A SERIES VICTORY AGAINST GEORGIA COULD PUT THE GATORS AMONG THE NATION'S ELITE. By BRYAN APP Alligator Contributing Writer Top-10 teams beware. The Gators are on the rise and poised to take a spot. The No. 13 UF softball team will face what could be its toughest opponent of the season so far with Southeastern Conference leader Georgia coming into the Florida Softball Stadium for a three-game series during the weekend. A UF series victory would likely propel the Gators into the top 10 for the first time in school history. After defeating No. 22 Auburn for their first conference-series sweep of the season on Wednesday, second-place UF finds itself in a three-way race with Georgia and Tennessee for the top spot in the SEC East. The No. 5 Bulldogs (33-6, 10-2 SEC) will bring a seven-game winning streak into Saturday's doubleheader and are coming off a 4-1 win against in-state rival Georgia Tech. "They are a very well-rounded team," UF Coach Karen Johns said of Georgia. "There isn't one area they are so good at because they're so good at everything." The Gators will have to account for powerful Georgia hitters such as Kim Wendland, who is hitting .475 with eight home runs, 56 RBIs and a .814 slugging percentage. Ashley Godfrey and her seven homers of the season will also present a challenge to UE A major variable in a possible UF series win could be the health of top starter Jenny Gladding (174). Gladding, who is also the team's home-run leader with four on the season, did not play in Wednesday's 11-3 rout of Auburn due to a minor injury that the team describes as "midseason bumps and bruises." Johns said the decision to sit Gladding hinged Gladding mainly on the desire to rest the senior in preparation for Georgia. UF pitchers Stacy Stevens, Amanda Moore and Amanda Knowles proved they could get the job done for the Gators by combining for Who: Georgia at UF First pitch: 6:30 p.m. Where: McKethan Stadium Tickets: Available. Call the ticket office (352) 384-3261 Gator Notes: UF's Jeff Corsaletti and Justin Tordi will bring career-best hitting streaks into the game, at 12 and 11 games respectively ... UF's Adam Davis has successfully stolen seven consecutive bases... UF is 20-3 at home while Georgia is 1-5 on the road ... While UF is 16-3 against right-handed pitchers, Georgia will start left-hander Paul Lubrano.1 nto top-lO five strikeouts and giving up eight hits in the six-inning mercy-rule win versus the Tigers. "We knew as a team we had to win without Jenny," Johns said. "We told them this was their chance, and they all came through." But against such a prolific offensive team as Georgia, with a combined .345 batting average, 210 RBIs and 33 home runs; the Gators could miss Gladding's .79 ERA and 215 strikeouts in the event that she sees additional rest time. If the UF offense gets a repeat performance from Mandy Schuerman, Michelle Diaz, Lacy Howard and Kristen Butler, who combind for six of the team's 11 hits on Wednesday, there could be a new SEC leader come Sunday. "The Gators are definitely on the rise," Butler said. "We are ready for anyone this year. -We're not scared." S TEPUP ENGINEERING-STUDENTS TV .'.:, ': $e: ."* :;:.:. :.. .. .....' : ":? -' ':' :""" !::::.:. .-.,. ..:::. .:' ...::, Callingall Engineering STEPUP Students to a planning meeting to discuss our 10 Year Celebration. When: Thursday, April 8,2004 Where: 270 Well Hall Time: 5:30p.m -6:30 p.m. 392-1665 x 330 or 392-2567 (DD), ore-Mailaccommodat@ufi.edu or contact the Florida Relav Svstem at 1-800-955-8771 at least 72 hours i to the event •$2100 Room and Board Included •Co-Ed Camp •7 Weeks (June 7 -July 24) 9 18 and up Recreational Summer Camp Counselors *Florida Elks Youth Camp -Umatilia, FL *Contact Krys Ragland 800-523-1673 ext 250 N OV.~ : o,ner _d 

PAGE 20

22, ALLIGATORS1!IMDAY, AMRL 2/20041-4 Dickey plays ironman, Zook goes fooling FOOTBALL, from page 24 win against Florida State? Wit~two full practices on Thursday. Dickey returned to the football field after practicing with the baseball team earlier in the day, rating his performance as subpar. "It wasn't my best practice today, but I learned a lot," Dickey said. "It's crazy. I threw a little after baseball practice and then came over here. At football practice I was finc at the beginning, and then it started to wear on me at the end of practice." Dickey came out determined to iake up for lost practice time but had little success. After throwing two interceptions that were returned for touchdowns he admitted that the switch from baseball to football practice is difficult and mentally straining. "It's hard to flip the switch like that," he said. "I just try to stay as focused as possible, get more from the mental part of the game then, say, the physical part." A popular figure in both locker rooms, Dickey had the support of his baseball team who cheered from the sidelines. While his baseball teammates didn't witness one of Dickey 9 finer moments, he was appreciative that they even bothered to show up. "That's really big that the guys came over," Dickey said. "They watched me play football after they finished baseball practice, and that means a lot to me." WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND: In response to the Alligator's April Fool's Day hoax regarding UF quarterback Chris Leak, Coach Ron Zook pulled a stunt of-his own. Alligator football writers were excluded from speaking with members of the team and Zook himself following UF's practice on Thursday. After refusing to begin his daily interview session with the media until all Alligator writers had exited the group, Zook looked Zook around and quietly said, "April Fools." He then went on with business as usual, but as he walked into the Swamp's south end zone tunnel, Zook glanced back at the Alligator staff with a grin and a thumbs up. The mock front page of Thursday's Alligator contained a photograph of Leak with a story stating that the quarterback had plans to leave UF and play instead for NFL Europe's Frankfurt Galaxy. -ANDREW ABRAMSON, BRIAN SHAFFER II Young gymnasts shine in spotlight GYM, from page 24 Arkansas, Illinois or Illinois-Chicago, so they are going into the meet with confidence. "We're going to go in there and try to be as clean as possible and make as few mistakes as possible," Coach Rhonda Faehn said. "I feel that when we do that, there is no question we're going to advance to nationals." The two highest-scoring teams in this region will advance to the NCAA Championships, held April 15-17 in Los Angeles. UF barely made it last year, edging North Carolina by a tenth of a point. Stucky tied for the beam title at the NCAA Regionals last year and scored the only 10 on beam in UF history this season, showing how valuable she is. Although she will not be competing, her teammates are glad she will be coming along to Arizona. "It means the world to us," Szmuch said. "She is the toughest athlete I've ever known. To have her by our side is such an inspiration, and it should be an inspiration to every athlete out there." When Stucky went down, IJF's team got even younger. Freshman Samantha Lutz took over on beam, and sophomore Sherie Owens was the Gators' replacement on bars. Although UF used 14 freshmen routines at the Southeastern Conference Championships, Faehn is not worried about its lack of NCAA experience. "[The freshmen] are prepared, they're ready," Faehn said. "They've been under much more difficult pressure situations than regionals. SEC's are way more pressure than I would say even the Super Six." The Gators head into the, meet coming off the first weekend they've had off this season, so they'll be well rested. "It was wonderful for the athletes to be able to have a break thids last weekend," Faehn said. "This week they've trained really hard and we are definitely ready to go." The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc. Publisher of 0 he independent florida alliator announces the opening for the position of Student Member at Large of the Board of Directors This unpaid position may be filled byI a graduate or undergraduate studentI The application for this position is available in The Alligator Administrative Office on the second floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Avenue, each weekday between 1 and 4pm from now until April 9. Part of the application consists of short essays in answer to specific questions. Applicants should pick up applications far enough in advance to allow enough time to complete them by the deadline of 3pm by April 12. More information is available for an applicant's mandatory reading at the time an application is picked up. Applicants should allow themselves 10 to 15 minutes of reading time when picking up an application. The application must be returned to the same office before 3pm, by April 12. This is an absolute deadline. All returned applications will be copied and available to be read at The Alligato r building prior to the selection meeting. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public, Sunday, April 18 beginning at 1 pm. Applicants must be present to be considered. Applicants must be currently enrolled, degree-seeking college or university students. Board of Directors applicants cannot be current or recent past employees or trainees-of Campus Communications, Inc. -~ Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It's not nice to fool with 'Mother Nature5 RECYCLE wpm Wj 

PAGE 21

THROWING DOMINANCE Corps leads Gators through By MATTHEW RUIZ "Go Candice!" they scream. Alligator Contributing Writer "Come on, Kim!" The entire team chants her on as she sets, glides and The shouts of the teammates are hurls the shot 50 feet into the throwunmistakable. ing area. "Nice throw, Karen!" Nick West / Alligator 51 Despite adjusting to a deep throwers team and the magnitude NCAAs, Akera Lathan has turned in notable throws of her own. I iout season You would expect to hear these sounds from parents at a tee-ball game, but they're coming from AllAmerican athletes in contention for national titles...at practice. But for the UF women's throws team, that kind of teamwork, camaraderie and support is what makes them into championship-caliber athletes in the first place. "I think working together and being around such talented people has really brought out the best in all of us," Junior Karen Freberg said. And their best has certainly been something to behold. The girls have long met and surpassed their expectations, which were lofty to begin with. According to Associate Head Coach Larry Judge, this is the thirdconsecutive year in which UF has swept the Southeastern Conference -by far the toughest conference in the nation -1-2-3 in the weight throw and the fourth-consecutive year UF has had the SEC champion in the weight throw. They also have four 55-foot shot putters, a NCAA record, and took the top-five spots at the SEC Outdoor Championships last spring. Not to mention the last three national championships in the indoor weight throw, two for Candice Scott and one for former Gator Erin Gilreath. The championships and accolades didn't come overnight, however, and certainly didn't come without plenty -of long hours and hard work. And right there, the entire time, was Judge. A Coach and a System Since coming to the Gators as the Associate Head Coach and throws coach in 2000, Judge has been named both Master Coach (2002) and Assistant Throws Coach of the Year (2003) by United States Track & Field. Judge has written more than 30 articles on track and field technique, nutrition and resistance training. He is a certified personal trainer, fitness instructor and strength and conditioning coach. Bottom line -when coach Judge talks, his athletes listen. And they reap the benefits. Sitting on a set of bleachers next to Percy Beard track on a windy day before practice, Judge sits behind his signature mirrored Oakley sunglasses and talks about how he is able to get so much out of these girls. "What I've done is show them a system, and it's a system that's worked very well," Judge said. "And the girls have bought into the system. They believe in it." "I think working together and being around such talented people has really brought out the best in all of us." Karen Freberg UF track and field thrower Judge's system has gained a reputation as successful, and athletes have begun to respond to his successes as a coach. All-American and Minnesota native Rachel Longfors cites her reasons for coming to UF as, "team atmosphere, and the coach's ability to coach track and field." Shining Stars Even with a stellar coach, the onus remains on the athletes, who ultimately must perform, no matter how much tutelage they have received. Plenty of practice and a dedicated work ethic drive the women to succeed.-Their typical practice day, as described by All-American and NCAA weight throw runner-up Barrett, is gruling. This daily practice regimen is usually complemented by a 5 a.m. wake up call on meet days, usually for a "shake-out" according to AllAmerican Jukina Dickerson. Despite the harsh training regimen, it is the team atmosphere that drives them to succeed. "I was the only shot putter at [Southern Methodist University]," transfer Freberg said. "And right now, being around the best throwers in the nation has really been a positive atmosphere." With so many stars sharing the same roster, one might wonder if some of the girls would be happier on a less successful team in a smaller I --FREE Dental Screening (Board Patient Services) Must be at least 18 years old and not pregnant NEED EXTRA SUMMER FUN MONEY? WANT A FREE DENTAL EXAM? NEED DENTAL WORK? (LIMITED) CALL TODAY 3353579 FridaY and Saturday appointments 335-3579 Applebee's S10th Ave X]9thAve University Ave William Herriett, DMD 1230 NW 9th Ave Gainesville, FL EM UpTO $150 Dental Screening I', Haircut for $4.99 Butler Plaza in Publix Center Next door to Dockside Imports Monday-Friday 9 am to 9 pm Saturday 9 am to 6 pm Sunday 11 am to 4 pm 352-336-0650 EARN UP TO$10.0oo (For a-plfet hoaui Haircut Coupon Required Eo DApril 4, 2004 a-FIIDAY-APILZ2= MN MLIGATORd23'. "W"Mmummommommconference, where they might not be overshadowed and could be seen as the star. Wherever those athletes are, they're not on the UF women's throws team. "I like the way our team is set up," co-captain Dickerson said. "We push each other. We puih the conference, and being that this is the toughest conference, it pushes us." Not that they need any pushing, especially Barrett, who likes her space. It would not be smart to test how much Barrett likes her space, as her primal screams during competition let everyone in attendance know when it's her turn. "When I know I have to get it done, I'll do it without any cheerleaders or nagging," Barrett said. With such an intensive training schedule and high standards set for themselves, it would seerA as if there's no room for fun, but the girls manage. "I joke a lot around those close to me," said Dickerson. "I'm really goofy." Looking Ahead The future looks bright for the Gators, who will return all but two of their throwers next season, including weight throw national champion Scott and runner-up Barrett. Even. freshman Akera Lathan caught a hint of the championship fever, qualifying for the NCAAs in the shot put and placing 11th. When asked what it was like to be try*ning for nationals as a freshman, lathan simply said, "It's a learning experience." After a NCAA indoor competition that saw the throwers score 31 of UF's 51 points in its second-place finish, the throwers will look to carry the team to.its first-ever outdoor national championship. And of course, wasting no time; they started things off on the right foot, earning the top-three spots in the shot put and earning the top collegiate mark in the weight throw at the Florida Relays last weekend. But no matter what the rest of outdoor season holds for the throwers, each athlete can be sure of one thing: there will be a teammate right behind them. w w 

PAGE 22

I -I ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/sports FRIDAY. APRIL 2.2004 GYMNASTICS UF to use injury as motivation By IAN FISHER Alligator Writer ifisher@alligator.org DB Brown vying to fill Ratliff's shoes V' When the Gators' regular season rolls around, one member of what will be a revamped UF secondary could have a familiar name to fans of the team. However, Vernell Brown might not be the player Gator Nation thinks of when wondering about UF's replacement for All-American cornerback Keiwan Ratliff. Brown, who was originally recruited as a defensive back, has moved from wide receiver to the defensive backfield and has quickly moved up the depth chart. He now works with the second-team defense during spring practices. "Me moving to defensive back was ~ind of a last minute decision," he said. "But I'm getting back into it out here. I'm just looking forward to the season and trying to do everything I can to try to be a great defensive back." While he still must watch sophomore Dee Webb and senior Reynaldo Hill work with the first-team defense at the cornerback spots, Brown has his sights set on bigger things than a backup position. "My role right now is to compete for a startingposition along with all of the othegreat cornerbacks we have out here," he said. "Basically, I'll see the way things turn out when the fall gets here." DOUBLE DUTY: -It was a thrilling 7-6 comeMatt Marriott/Alligator Staff from-behind victory that Gavin Dickey UF Coach Ron Zook has seen Vernell Brown transition from wide receiver to cornersaid he won't soon forget -so how did the back and has been pleased with the results. Zook now has Brown playing with the baseball outfielder celebrate Wednesday's second-team defense at practice. SEE FOOTBALL, PAGE 22 SEE GYM, PAGE 22 JUMPBALL Writers argue game's oldest debate: pitching wins or does hitting? Editor's Note: This is tMe sixth of a series of Friday debate cclumns between two of the Alligator's sports columnists. To tell us who made the most convincing argument, log on to alligator.org and cast your i. vote. The Gators are hot right now, and theyshould credit their production from the plate more than their work from the mound. With four regular players batting .360 or better, the Gators depend more on their bats than their arms. Jeff Corsaletti, Justin Tordi, C.J. Smith and Ben Harrison are the Gators' primary hitting staff. It was Harrison's hit and eventual run that defeated Florida State on Wednesday, and that's been the recipe for the majority of the Gators' 25 victories this season. It has become evident the Gators rely more on outscoring opponents than out-pitching them. The Gators are allowing 5.1 runs per game but are bringing home 8.6; their bats are afire, and just in time, as the Southeastern schedule is set to heat up. Many, of the Oscar Ubilus Gators' bats have The Grouch Potato been hot recently. oubillus@alligator.org Coach Pat McMahon and his No. 13 Gators don't have to lean on one or two sluggers. McMahon has witnessed a slew of consistent hitters, with the RBI and home runs spread out. While baseball games always begin with a first pitch, the Gators seem to be winning because they start their games with a first "ding." or all of you caught up in spring football or still recovering from a hoops hangover, pay close attention to the baseball team and quick. The Gators are going places and a huge part of the success can be credited to a deadly pitching staff. Look no further than Justin Hoyman, but do it soon because this hurler is too good to stay at UF past this season. The Southeastern Conference leader in innings pitched, strikeouts and wins, Hoyman is feared by teams across the conference and is an ace pitcher who will be counted on to win key games come playoff time. Connor Falkenbach can be credited for shutting down the Seminoles in Wednesday's 7-6 victory against rival FSU. Possibly the Gators' most important ingredient on a daily basis, Falkenbach has appeared in more games than any pitcher in the SEC. His Andrew5 1/3 shutout Abramson innings against Drew's Control FSU might have aabramson@alligator.org been the biggest moment in his career to date, and he refused to crack under the pressure. Sophomore Bryan Ball and junior Tommy Boss continue to improve in an already proven rotation. So, keep a close eye on UF as it makes its run to Omaha for the College World Series behind its dangerous pitchers. iNBA: Atlanta Hawks at Orlando Magic -Sunshine Network, 7 p.m. gNBA'New. York Knicks at New ..Ns 8$PN8p.M. a Led by Candice Scott, the throwers team of the 2004 UF track and field squad has been setting and breaking records all season long. See story, pg. 23. N Catch Monday's edition of the Alligator, when Louis Anastasis tackles the effects of the most controversial issue facing baseball today -steroids. Mang MI,7 UGet caught up on UF's men's and wornen's tennis teams, the UF women's golf team and find out how the Gators track and field team fared in the Texas Relays by logging on to www.alligator.org, I UF FOOTBALL EPORT They'll be wearing ribbons in their hair for her, even though she'll be there. They'll be using her initials -K.D.S. -for inspiration. The No. 8 UF gymnastics team will have plenty of motivation heading into Saturday's NCAA SoUth Central Region Championships since losing junior Kristen Stucky to a knee injury. "She is the heart of the team," junior Orley Szmuch said. Stucky underwent her surgery on March 22, so she would be cleared to travel with the team to Tucson, Ariz. This season, the Gators have faced four of the five teams they will see Saturday, with the lone exception of Utah. "We've competed against all the teams except for Utah, and we beat them all," freshman Savannah Evans said. "Actually [UCLA head coach] Mrs: Val, when she came down here, she said that we were better than Utah, so we should be." UF defeated Arizona, Arkansas, Illinois and Illinois-Chicago this year. The Gators have never lost to 0 0 IL a MWO-0 a a a01. IL ah. wow -W I I TELEVISION I --I.-11 -.--f --- 
