
PAGE 1

'OT fr11 C 11 y I DOr ,,101 gI ih 11 I r r 0 Or d I VOLUME 83, NUMBER 132 w.C u' iMn I I, 1 J I F .%Lo.' ., IT C, a,11 1. TUESDAY, APRIL 3. 1990 Woman with Alzheimer's disease missing. .5 Valdosta State up next for Gator.16 Top black coaches say they weren't contacted J For player reaction to UF's new head basketball coach, see page 16 By MIKE DAME Alligator Staff Writer UF's search for a permanent head basketball coach ended Sunday night with the hiring of a white coach, despite suggestions from UF officials -President John Lombardi included -that hiring a black coach would send a positive message to the university community New coach lIor Kruger, 37, who led Kan sas State University to the NCAA Tourna ment each of his four seasons there, left his alma mater Sunday to join the Gators He will be presented at a news conference today UFs search for a head basketball coach wasn'[ nearly as i egImnented as last year s presidential search whiL h landed Lombardi Alter reviewing the list of coaches, watching countless games and tlking to top can didates. UF Athletic Director Bill Arnsparger discussed his choice with Lombardt and the two came to a final decision Yet several prominent black 4 Division I college coaches said Monday they weren't contacted by UF officials for the job. Among them were Nolan Richardson of the University Armsparge of Arkansas, Mike Jarvis of Boston University and Clem Haskins of the University of Minnesota Simon Johnson, a "'" co-chairman of UF's Quality of Lie Task Force. said he wasn'tt surpnsed at all" to hear that Arnsphivrger didn't contact the bl.ak coaches Nobody ever told re they (black candidates) would be contacted," Johnson said "I wish they had been contacted if they were serious (about con-' sidering black coaches), but I don't think a black coach could have been hired at this time "[he time has to be right for everything to come about At this particular time. I guess they thought they needed a white coach I don't know why During his first week on campus last month. lombardi met with the task force Id told mminbers that hiring a black toa I WOUld son]ad d positive Tessage tO the cai pits commmtv Arnsparger would not disciiss Monuav ,hecoachesheevaluatlddurng the search, but he (lid say he "reviewed all candidates regardless of color or 'reed Of don't feel I need to share nares with you, Arnsparger said 'It's not fair to he individual or the institution I respect the confidentiality of those people" Among the people whoapphed for the UF job were University of Michigan assistant coach Mike Boyd, who is black Boyd could not be reached for (omment Monday. but he was missing at one of Michigan's latesee Selection. page 10 Lombardi says faculty sen By GEOFF BOUCHER Aligator Staff Writer One trait of a great university is administrators that listen to faculty members, UF President John lombardi says, but at UF, that exchange may be getting lost amid a sluggish system. Lombardi said the University Senate, a 605-member body representing UF's 1,600 instructors and researchers, is a great My for him to hear faculty concerns, but the group may be too big to do its job. "Whenever you have a body that is 600 members strong, you're going to have problem.," Lombardi said. "The only thing they'll be able to deal with effectively is big issues with simple solutions, Six hundred people can't successfully debate and offer into complex issues. It just won't work." But home economics Professor Barbara Taylor, one of eight faculty members on tte too big the Senate's agenda-setting committee, says size doesn't hamper the group as much as the attitude of those it represents. "I think any problem that might exist isn't necessarily because of structure," Taylor said. "I think i's the lack of understanding among the faculty that this is their forum to address issues here at the university see senate. page 9 UF lobbyists hope to avoid budget cuts By JUDY A. PLUNKETT Alligator Staff Wrter The state legislature's session opens today, and UF officials have a simple request for the lawmakers -don't take away anything the school already has UF does have a few perks it hopes to get out of the session, such as extra faculty to reduce Florida the size of undergraduate classes, a lucrative scholarship for FlorE n ida's black and Hispa1990 me college students and $15 million for the biotechnology center to be bull in UF's research park near Alachua But for the most part, UF is just trying to avoid possible cuts in its regular budget. 'We will be lucky to get as much money as we had last year. with inflation thrown in," said Al Alsobrook, UPs top lobbyist "It's bare bones time." Legislators always have problems balancing the budget and it takes the entire 60 days of the session to do so, but this year they have to do it with even less money. Last year the state brought in less taxes than legislators had planned, and lawmakers met in a November special session to approve the use of $161 6 million in lottery money to cover the shortfall. But that was only an emergency move, and this year. legislators must balance the budge without that money, -which means every state see Legislature. page 4 correction Scott Weinstein graduated from LF in 1988. Te Alligator reported otherwise on this page Monday. Alachua County residents pay no fee when they bring garbage to the county's collection sites. Te Alligator reported otherwise on this page Thursday. oft, lght, 111" l"The "Yo-Yo," right, proved to be one of Belle City Amusement's most popular rides when the Gainesville Mall hosted the annual carnival that ended Sunday evening. Ilt, indelpemlilt-1t f'loPi I Ia 

PAGE 2

.LAllIGATORTIESDAY APRiL, I1990 POLICE BLOTTER J Collision with police car kills women A Gainesville woman died Sunday afternoon after a collision with a Gamnesville police car that killed her passenger, a Shands Hospital spokeswoman said Dawn Elaine Kresge, 22, of Gainesville, apparently ran a stop sign shortly after 4 a m. Saturday at the intersection of Northwest 10th Street and Northwest 23rd Avenue, a Florida Highway Patrol news release stated Her 1982 Datsun collided with Officer Paul Forsberg's police car Kresge's 24-year-old passenger, Robin A Overy of High Springs, died at the scene of the accident, according to the release Forsberg, 29. received minor injuries and was treated and released from Alachua General Hospital, Gainesville police spokeswoman Lt Sadie Darnell said. Forsberg was driving under the speed limit, FH P spokesman 1.1 James McClellan said He said Kresge had been drinking, but it isunknown whether she was over the legal limit. J Officer bitten during fight About 100 spectators watched two Gainesville police officers get punched, kicked and bitten while trying to break up a fight early Sunday mong outside a local dance club, Gainesville police said Officers Corey Dahlem and David Fellerman broke up the fight outside the Central City dance club, 201 W University Ave., Gainesville police spokeswoman Lt Sadie Damell said Gary D Englehorn. 21, and Michael Kelso, 24, left ihe club at about 12 30 am., and started a fight with people in a car on Southwest 2nd Street, Darnell said. The officers arrested both men, and 20-year-old Jennifer Prentis for battery on a law enforcement officer Prentis joined the fight after the officers did, Darnell said Dahlem and Fellerman were both treated and released from Alachua General Hospital afterthe fight Fellerman was bitten on both forearms and Dablem received cuts on his hand and a possible bite wound. Darnell said. WHAT'S HAPPENING SHOT: The Student Health Outreach Team will meet today at 5 in Reitz Union Room 357 Call 3921611, ext. 283. Pasta: Hillel sponsorsa spaghetti and pizza dinner with salad and drinks this evening at 5 45 at Hitlel Call 372-2900 Summer In Moscow: Students planning to study Russian language and culture will meet tonight at 7 30 in Turlinglon Hall Room 1101 Call 376-8153 or 392-2101 Ozone: The Undergraduate Chemistry Society will discuss the chemistry of ozone tonight at 7.30 in ieigh Hall Call 335-5043 CoAR: Campus Organized Against Rape will discuss acquaintance rape with Kappa Delta and Sigma Kappa tonight at 7 at the Kappa Delta house Call 392-1161, ext. 294. Envilonment: The Undervolume 83 graduate Economic Society will meet tonight at 7:30in Matherly Hall Room 18. Professors Berg and Denslow will speak on environmental and economic policy Call Michael, 375-3773. China: The Chinese Club will meet tonight at 7:15 in Reitz Union Room 355. Call David, 335-9861. FRESH: Friends through Racial Experiences Sharing in Humanity will meet tonight at 7 in Anderson Hall Room 2 Call Chaylee Priete or Canie Welsh, 377-6733 Education: Joseph Renzulli and Sally Reis of the University of Con necticut will speak at the conference on gifted education today at I in the P.K. Yonge Laboratory School Auditorium Call 392-1554, ext. 39. Film festival: The Israeli Feature Film Festival presents Late Saimer Blum tonight at 8.30 in Turlington Hall Room L,011. Call Hillel, 372ISSN 0889-2423 2900 Easter gifts: The Gainesville Jaycees are collecting canned goods and small toys for the needy for Easter They also need monetary donations and sponsors to fill baskets Call Alberte Meade, 495-9562 or the Jaycees, 376-9836. Michelangelo: The Art History Association will meet Wednesday afternoon at 4.30 in FAC Room 201. Call 336-8818, Induction: Golden Keys Spring Induction is Wednesday night at 7 30 in the Reitz Union Ballroom. Call 392-2112 or 335-4574, Football: The Tolbert Hall staff presents Steve Spurner Wednesday night at 8 Call Dana. 395-9349 Crials: TheAlachua County Crisis Centers looking fornew Crisis line Counselors. Fifty hours of training in Suicide and Crisis Intervention is provided. Call 372-3659 number 132 teidependent floridae No! olhcally associaled witalgtrUniversiyofFlonds Pubisd Or Camp" Commumcarns, Inc .otGainsvill*, FL Editor LucyChabol MInoro KSwyoRa ttmh Manaog Edior Mawr"Shed., ad.,a. Edo, DenweM Aleon N" Edor Ane A.resr Clow DelkCha4 ion vOwn Sir n9. E d'io. DielaOorn Lft.awi Rnm eeg Felure dvio, Miche a', -0Sud.'r MU. By ues. .Oar. Pholo Edi sn.Cook Greg o I, Raora i. CIeiy Name Opisdho Tony BSwln RonKrde, DuanM.*er JudyA Pktlear. Spois Ed,'r 4.5onO, Do MnWbr E AnnSIoddmd. .v nal Wnk, OIepay AdYertiaiIg3m-t0 Ch.M~i5dAeifl IngSmin Adv,. DgcI, Ia Coey CIeASedli$utv.r ShIwnni,. Kan Ad1rr 1ng1S1el.,y ParnO.iPa, ini.,nCoord ,ratmo Ji LI Srt. ds ien Sales De.oWi n~io Aidvr PqodudonMen. ManvlegH N*n ProrInofonsiS crdioordlnesr Pauelo S Ateetanr PrductlnItmanager W"order "NmlP d Sodw Chnik.Sati. CrcaA stars U"w fteM.nla.In R t cA Ron. Dei A.,ri Chrloph., Evans I'd rniM, Aeewi Adyo Prft'a~ Suo,, oAnn LaniEder n Nolthe ames Eery Aj.sin mu p Tnan Paul J FuD ara Kacheto Pen'. Chnieqin I Saioelo, Paul sioo Editoral Prud aWn tose.n.' Vsr Tlin Keneih J taylor A.atsnl E r Prd.dwmS Suweore Rstro5,hm 'en. Tutqh' suines 3.444 GnrralrMai.s CE SAs.r sSIfl toinoil. r Vro'a. Cane M e -wned Arocuniani R sd Thie Mdpaiest Red. AngIME.,s sudeni nwwpap.r ww, *. Unf.rsityol fl.n.4pukb*.d bye -prdt 11oi( dgLSo~ jn O.'uS.ion *is, .,.rriar Florda educaioeal K&ituln under S S 21205 CNyj. COreW.SCM iv di -0 n 4257 Ganto ee. FL 4 Th Am fea Publhed sondlyih ouoghrlydarnrni ft0 npduingholdar.aldnmem sDi rNIS .n, m.e.M. J.AMSS ,.pu a d Tueaday and Thursday. ThAo.toij, ,nnt. lh. Amnwdcf Nw.aspp, PMhfnW Anonm. F laln i .Aosi., adeu en Unf Nekypaper On., U.-n, (Fae or S9*&O Toc.Uoes IFaNI & ping) mns tennmt. AlFalli wnn) -Sumnwr Bemnst.r.50 FuN y e m s wm.r m n. A.q.r u we -al lOB W Under.Ny Ans Clanked advWet.ig --poe.d S ..awen re, S f .A WI a M asd Iw.4 friday, 0e lor hohdavt Ch e wled aseb. aWRed ON UF Caary.hPpand w -$rth NO aS.4 oal 0Il Oft h* reMo lweRet unw lCapyrht teNY A atn ,eservd Neleri ci Ib.Anftrmbrboradvced',nyrnew il I .htr.maew n as su. Caewke are a $3, for complete r I TUXEDOS I 1*%1*k*1** t -I Ar o***l*********%*1 **-4 KISS 105 S.G.P. -I OFF OFF Daily Lunch Specal S co'on Cu somer cOW ibes I i----------CARIBSA STUDENT GOVERNMENT PRODUCTIONS PRtESENT GATOR REGGAE S UNSPLAS H FEATURING THIRD WORLD TIGER INNA SENSE SUNDAY, APRIL 8 2 P.M. FREE UNIV'ERSITY OF FLORIDA BANDSHELL MCM U4 0 4A oEAT oUJR VE&GETABLE4 I NOW I GO O 40NNV "'ALtU CON Wyl 5AI0 /M 40t44Y4 MM A GRnK O&Ei OF GARefoENRE4I4 IV&GETMWL4, V1Xuj A V.oNDatuRlJ. A4lkoRrMluew R9e ft etliMa~& OM3REAL PIT BAR-BSeriong lunch and dinner 11 a.m. -9:30 pun (Sun Thor) and 11 a.m. -10 pLr (Fri. & S .) to 270 M. 3lth oade UEE. RA 3610in luncIh n i 111 1m. 44 at3 1pm. (Sbsnmu 

PAGE 3

ThESDAYMA'I. 1990. AUlIGATR. 3 Orange & Brew to close for summer renovations By PAIGE EWALDSEN Alligator Winter UF's only drinking establishment will close this summer for renovations that officials hope will draw more students inside when it reopens in the fall. The Orange & Brew, which will close May 1, will remain closed until the middle of August, when the project is expected to be completed, Food Services Director Wes Miller said. Miller said Gator Dining Service has ap. plied for a license to serve beer and wine in the Reitz Union's Arredondo Room while the Orange & Brew is closed. In the 12 years the Orange & Brew has been in operation, this is the first time major reconstruction plans have been made, Reitz Union Director David Kratzer said. Service America Corp., the parent com painy of Gator Dining Service, will pay more than $200,000 to complete the project, Kratzer said. Plans include increasing seating to allow audiences to see the stage better, restructuring the service line for faster service, adding items to the menu and redesigning the inside, Orange& Brew manager Rodney Cruise said. Pizza, French Dip sandwiches and a variety of other hot and cold sandwiches will be added to the menu. Kratzer said the new design will improve service by helping customers get their food more quickly, even when the Orange & Brew is crowded. "When this change takes place, hopefully more people will like it and spend mote time there." Kratzer said. "I want the Orange & Brew to be a place where something is always going on," he said, "It should be a place where students go, to celebrate the day." Workers will knock out the south wall leading to the patio and replace it with a glass enclosed area, Miller said. Faded tables and chairs will be replaced with brighter-colored furniture. The entertainment stage, where bands perform, will remain and be rebuilt,' Miller said. "New televison monitors will be in. stalled. The footprints are there, yet we are still waiting for mon thoughts and ideas." Kratzer said fire, safety and health inspectos must review the plans before they are finalized. Adams decision delayed Dean to determine fate of former Today chairman By ELZABTH CLARKE Alligator Writer A decision on the fate of former Today party chairman TV Adams, who faces possible expulsion after being charged with harassment during the recent Student Government election, was postponed until later thisweek during a meeting Monday, Adams said. Student Services Dean James Scott met with Adams, who presented information in his own defense. The Student Conduct Committee found Adams guilty on charges of violating two sections of the Student Conduct Code, according to a letter from Scott that Adams received last Thursday. The committee, a five-member panel that heard Adams' case last week, recommended that Adams receive a letter of reprimand, the least severe of possible punishments, which range from a letter of reprimand to expulsion fom UF. However, Scott will make the final decision based on Monday's meeting with Adams and his discussions with members of the committee, Adams said. In aletterAdams brought to the meeting, Adams asked Scott to reconsider the evidence and consider dropping the charges. Both Adams and former Today party assistait chairman Chris Moms, who also presented information on Adams' behalf during the meeting, said they felt confident Scott would consider dropping the charges. Scott would not comment on the case but will inform Adams of his decision later this week, Adams said The charges against Adams were prompted by affidavits filed by four Today party members, including graduate student and former Today party presidential candidate Juan Vitali and criminology senior Randy Shanafelt, who became Today party co-chairman after Adams, who had been chairman, left the party Vital, who said his purpose in filing was to prevent further confrontations, said he feels he accomplished this, but had hoped the committee would recommend counseling for Adams. I wish the committee had recommended psychological counseling," Vitali said. "He's a fine young man, he just needs to lean to moderate his behavior Other Today party members said Vitali should not have filed charges because it was a petty situation and could have been handled in other ways. 1y should have never been brought up on these charges," former Today party spokesman Ron Betts said. 'flMey could have settled it another way "It's the perfect car for students about to enter the real world" It's no wonder that Dana Fullendorf is going forward in a new Jetta GL Her relationship with Volkswagen goes way back 'It must have started at birth, when I was brought home in a 1963 Beetle As soon as Dana was old enough to drive, a succession of Volkswagens followed A 1969 Beetle convertible A 1973 Super Beetle And Dana's first new cara 1984 Rabbot Diesela car she was reluctant to part with, untA her sister purchased a new Jea GLI "I realy didn't need a new ear My Rabbit was in great shape and gave me no problems whatsoever But I said to myself, if my sister can get a new Jetta then so can I 'This car fits my image to a 'T I'm a student an the brink of becoming a professional And I need a car that'll fit into both of my worlds The Jetta OL Performance and practicality at a Volkswagen price We get the i that when Dana Fullendort graduates. she's gong to go a long, long way a.m wils0n .-,i r -heton AnM you n.y not -d a a. 1v to i vi i u len.d swagr --rwram.dA VOLKSWAGEN %iwyoufm* .tdAwt -nht -adto S '51.1n 1' 181 5ou se d ww moyad Sj 2oto' -C'ag~ v.aom -iswosr.81 0 

PAGE 4

i ALJARMR, TIJ1sDAY, APRi' I 4% ELSEWHERE Lithuania backs down MOSCOW (UP1) -I ithuoaan President Vytautas so could b n landbergis said Monday the embattled Baltic Lindsber republic ay be willing to delay establishment of full the March I dependence in a retreat in his 3-weekold showdown "has no grou with Moscow But land lAndsbergis appeared to soften his stand in his nationalists remarks opening I ithuanian Parliament session contoward the I vered to discuss Soviet President Mikhail neighboring Gorbachev's demand to rescind the legislature's approved a March 11 declaration of independence The Sovie Landsbergis told deputies that "the legal act of control over ndependence proclaimed by the Supreme Soviet does appointed P rot mean the immediate establishment of rideionsoftheS pendence on the territory of the republic," the official ment from M Lass news agency said. Several hI In an earlier telegram to Gorbachev, landsbergus office in Vii said lithuania "has no intention of harming the policy dismissal, Ra of perestroika," the Soviet president's drive for Paulaskas economic and political renewal. office's sem The crisis ithuania has steadily grown since the quarters. Int Sajud is nationalist movement headed by Landsbergis 'Te legal gained control of Parliament in Feb 24 elections, long has be chose himas the republic's president at itsfirstsession central authc March 10 and declared independence the next day. Gorbachev In twin appeals to the Parliament and to the outline of a Lithuanian people Saturday. Gorbachev urged lawpeople about makers to rescind the independence declaration as a Union, which condition lor talks with Moscow and said failure to do 1940 Iraq threatens to devasi KLJWAl F (U1PI) -Iraqi President Saddam Hussein Israel," Rab, threatened Monday to wipe out half of Israel with answers to t chemical weapons if the Jewish state ever attempted Pnme Mm toattack any target in Iraq, the state-owned Iraqi News is notoriousu Agency reported threats as da "We don't need an atomic bomb because we have Saddam's advanced chemical weapons," INA quoted Saddam as marked the saying during a ceremony to decorate senior Iraqi Britain and t officers "Iraq's chemical weapons' capability is dad of tryin matched only by the United States and the Soviet into Iraq Union British au "I swear to God, we will let our fim eat half of Israel fourth, an Ira if it tries anything against Iraq," Saddam said. Iraqi offic On June 7, 1981,Israel, using U.S.-made F-6jets, Anglo-Ameri bombed Iraq's French-built Osirak nuclear reactor second Isra southeast of Baghdad, claiming Iraq was working on power indust an atomic bomb Saddam vowed at the time to take "We have revenge, we are not c In Jerusalem, Israeli officials quickly condemned when someb Saddam's threat but expressed confidence in their more solid th ability to repulse any attack. "If they (in "It is high time for the civilized world to act in unity giving Israel and see to it that Saddam Hussein will not have the mistaken." possibility to pursue his irresponsible and criminal Persian G designs," said Yossi Amihud, spokesman for Israel's speech appeal Foreign Ministry image as a p "Israel should not disregard such threats," said the Arab wor Ytrak Rabn, Defense Minister until his resignation Earlier in last month when Israel's government collapsed, "But programs an it is in our power to give a devastating answer several expect an im times stronger than Saddam Hussein's threat. "As for an "And I would not advise him to provoke Israel. Israel bomb we w is strong and Iraq is within serious LEGISLATURE from page 1 agency, including universities, will feel the crunch Getting the same amount of money UF had last year will be a struggle, but administrators still are asking for about $6.5 million to improve undergraduateeducation. Interim UF Provost Gene Hemp said administrators also are asking for about $367,000 to add 25 to 50 more graduate students. UF enrollment of black and Hispanic students has reached a plateau, said Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen. He sughitting range of Saddam said gested a scholarship for black and Hispanic students that is equal to the FloridaAcademicScholarsprogram. That scholarship offers $2,500 each year to Florida high school graduates who have a least a 3 2 grade point average and a score of 1,200 on the Scholastic Achievement Test Although Alsobrook said it would be tough to get the scholars ship passed this session, he expressed more hope for UFs $12 million biotechnology center. 'The federal government gave UF $600,000 in 1988, which state lawmakers matched in 1989. UF received $1.5 million from on stance ng "grave consequences gs refused to consider a total reversal o I declaration, saying any such suggestion rnds," Tass reported from Vilnius sbergis's remarks indicated the Sajudis now running Lithuania may be moving ess confrontational approach adopted in Estonia, where a new parliament Fnday radual transition to independence t government moved Friday to reimpose Lithuania's judicial system, firing newly rocurator Artural Paulauskas for 'viola oviet Constitution" and sending a replaceoscow hundred people picketed the procurator's mius on Monday to protest Paulaskas's dio Moscow's Interfax news service said was supported by 95 percent of the or staff dung a meeting at its headerfax said system in the Soviet Union's 15 republics en the jealously guarded prerogative of ties v's weekend appeals contained the first basis for dialogue with the Lithuanian their desire to secede from the Soviet annexed all three of the Baltic states in -ate Israel n told Israel radio 'We have sufficient these threats." ister Yitzak Shamir said the Iraq regime s for its brutality," and described the ngerous. remarks Monday, monitored in Kuwait, Iraqi leader's first major address since he United States last week accused Baghg to smuggle nuclear weapons triggers thorities arrested three people and a qi, was deported Lals have expressed concern that the can action could be paving the way for a ,l stnke against Iraq's infant nuclear ry. never raised the banner of defiance and hallengtng anybody,m Saddam said. "But ody tries to challenge us, he will find us han a diamond." the West) have the illusion that they are a cover to strike our industry, they am ulf-based Western diplomats said the rd to bedesigned to improve Saddam's an-Arab nationalist both at home and in Id. he day, bulletins had interrupted regular d warned Iraqi listeners and viewers to portent announcement, yone who threatens us with an atomic ill destroy them with chemical weapons," in his speech. Congress' 1989 session, and the school is asking the state to match that donation this session. UF can hope for some extras from the session, said Rep. David Flagg, D-Gainesville, but he added the school's most realistic wish is to keep what it has while legisla. tons balance the scales between the state's growth and demand for services and the lessening of tax money. 'Mar' the best thing to hope for -to be funded at last yeas level "Doesn't every Pre-med deserve a choice?" Tom Gomm. M D rUAG 75 Houston Texas the right choice was there when I needed it. I made that choice, and now I'm a physician. My alma mater may be just right for you. It's your choice." Universidad Auhlnima de Guadalajara School of Medicine Guadalajara, Mexico The International Choice For your free video preview call: 14100314-494 GATOR BASEBALL. FLORIDA S. VALDOSTA STATE FA FOR MORE INFO CALL: 375-4683 Tam 

PAGE 5

I1JESDAY, APRIL 3. 194, AlLGATOR, 5 Ride 'em cowboy John Johnston uses roller blades to keep up with his son Dan, 4, who is riding his brand new bike in his "riding boots." Alachua co OWNERS SALE 5 Acres -$14,900 15 min, from Gainesville, mall, University and hospitals. Near springs & rivers, easy drive to Gulf Beautiful property on paved road in NO. FLA. growth area. This won't last. Great terms. Call Now! Patten Corp. 800-888-4606, Ext. 842 from 8:30 to 8:30 5 left in business dean search By CHRISTY HARRIS Aiigator Starf Wrter The last of five finalists for UF's Business Administration College dean interviewed for the job last week and the list will be narrowed again by next week. Search Committee Chairman Sanford Berg said the committee would recommend later this week or early next week two to four names to Interim Provost Gene Hemp and UF President John Lombardi, who will make the final decision. One finalist, John Kramer, has been interim dean since August. He wants to continue the job he said hasn't been easy because of the relatively short, 12-month planning time. "It makes it difficult to do anything on a long-term basis," Kramer said. But Kramer, former associate dean and Fisher School of Accounting director, is confident about the experience the job has given him. "I have a proven track record this year,' he said "I've got a record to stand on." The other four candidates are Joseph Alutto, Management School dean at the State University of New York at Buffalo; Richard Huseman, University of Georgia management department chairman; John Kraft, Arizona State University Business College dean and Charles Kroncke, Management School dean at the University of Texas at Dallas. Alutto said he was impressed with UF's business school faculty members and students, but programs that connect the school to the business community could be improved "My impression of the school was [hat it had very good faculty in placewith theopportunity tmcontimue to upgrade the faculty in the future," Alutto said Huseman and the other candidates alsC said the faculty members and students are strong groups Huseman said he was concerned when he first heard about UF's television replay courses, but the students he talked to didn't seem in object to them He said he would emphasize international programs and executive development, a program to further tram practicing managers. The toughest interview question. Huseman said. was where his loyalty would lie in the UP-Georgia football game "(I told them) the side that paid my salary," he said. Finalist Kraft said UF and its business school have the potential to be among the best in the nation, but the business school needs to work on its doctoral student placement Kroncke said one of the reasons he was attracted to thejob was the opportunity to work with Lombardi and the business school's faculty members. Committee Chairman Berg, an economics profes, sor, said the finalists were chosen from among 55 applicants in asearch that began last August Criteria for the job, he said, include good scholarly credentials, strong leadership and management skills. The ability to represent the business college within UF and to outside groups also is important Woman with Alzheimer's missing An 80-year-old Gainesville woman with Alzheimer's disease has been missing for a week, and Gainesville police are asking residents to help find her. Ella Mae Williams. who liveswith her daughter at 814 SE 20th St., was reported missing March 26, and was last seen by an acquaintance a day earlier, Gainesville police spokeswoman Lt. 1/2 PRICE SPECIALS CREATE WOWEINOF I 0 W. IMY. 376-7204 I Sadie Da-nell said. Williams is black with a dark complexion, standingS feet I inches tall and weighing 100 pounds. She was last seen wearing a tan sweater, brown pinstripe dress and a straight-haired, black wig. Anyone with information about Williams is asked to call Gainesville police Detective Ron Russ at 374-2475 -MIKE BRUSCELL Ella Mae Williams SAVANTUrh Florida's most progressive Leadership Honorary is now accepting applications for membership Due on Friday, April 6th, Reitz Union Room 310B by 3:00 PM. for more info call 392-1629 L ft110 1nW~Inlrneawevie _W0 9mm 819 W. Univ Ave 373-6628 $ off Purchase of $30 or more Coupon This Week only. Exp. 4/7 Why did the chicken cross the road? To get a copy of The Alligatori Qi 4 4 ( 

PAGE 6

b, AIJJGATOR TUESDAY, APRIL 3. 19) OPINIONS Choosing sides And the prize for having the most restrictive abortion laws in the nation goes to .someone else Idaho Gov Cecil Andrus vetoed legislation Friday that would have given his state the most restrictive law in the country. The reason he vetoed the bill, he said, was because it wouldn't have allowed a woman the flexibility to choose abortion in cases of rape or incest. The proposed law would have outlawed abortion except in cases of rape reported within seven days, incest if the victim is younger than 18, severe fetal deformity or a threat to the life or health of the mother. He also said legal experts told him the Supreme Court would never uphold such a law if it made it all the way there through the courts. Smart move. Instead of committing the state to spend an estimated $1.5 million on a case that would lose, Andrus vetoed it. And state legislators have convened for this year, promising to rewrite the legislation and bring it back next year. Anti-abortionists are upset and call Andrus a traitor, vowing not to support him in his upcoming re-election bid. Pro-choicers are pleased as punch and have decided to support Andrus' campaign, even though he supports abortion legislation in some cases. So what is the issue? Protecting the right to privacy or winning this political battle? The pro-choice factions that pledge their support to Andrus because he vetoed this legislation are wrong. He supports abortion in cases of rape, incest and to save the mother's life. He would have approved a less stringent bill in a heartbeat, and he probably will next year if he is re-elected. Pro-choice advocates need to be consistent if they hope to win. It sends out the wrong message when pro-choicers support someone on one sole decision. It doesn't guarantee anything -except another battle down the road. Adding up The following are a few statistics compiled by Harper's magazine that are telltale examples of this country, its people and its government. When we take a step back and look at life a little differently, it's interesting what kinds of information shows through. Number of months after the Pentagon bought 80,000 camouflage helmet covers that it found 80,000 in storage: 3. Number of times President George Bush used the words family, children and kids in his State of the Union address: 30. Number of times he mentioned his opposition to abortion: 0. Price of a condom on the black market in Moscow: $10 Portion of thirtysomething's advertising that was pulled from an episode last fall that showed two homosexuals in bed: 3/5. Percentage of men living in Bangladesh who live past the age of 65: 55. Percentage of men living in Harlem who live past the age of 65: 40. Number of times Noriega's prison number was bet in the first Florida state lottery held after he was arrested: 12,139. aligato Eddr Lucy Chabot Managing Editor Mary Shedden Opinions Editor Tonya Sutton Late Poky tea to -~defr SAM iot wad 2IT Wu45 (*4 Wn *1O p01. Th.1 hauw -s SMw pq -ea' a Mas. Rowe is a victim of circumstances Editor: I would like to thank Alissa Ross for writing the words that cause me such extreme pain even to think of. See, I know David Rowe, and I consider him one of my true Mrends. I wa thee with him throughout the trial and was with him in the car after the verdict The expressionless little boy people saw in the courtroom leaves an impression quite opposite from truth. I am a 20-yearold student volunteer at the juvenile Detention Center, and I see many kids. Some I know can be helped, but others don't have much of a chance. David's character does not match the terrible act he committed almost a year ago. I would like to share with you the things David and I talked about on the way back to the center that night. First, he asked me If I was OX. Me? I was the one who needed to be strong for him. As team fell, I said, "Yes, David, I'll be OK, and smiled as I saw his sincere concern for me. He also wondered if there was Ay way to apologize to Stacy. We decided that there rally wasn't. He got extremely upset when he thought of his grandparent finding out. Ibey have no support up them," be said, and fter&while he added, "I love therni" And then he thoughtof hismom finding Out the verdict over the radio. His mother shot someone a month after David's armst, and David was concerned about her. Still cry now, thinkingof allthe factor, involved, knowing that if David does not get good psychiatric help, he won't make it And David Rowdeervesto make ithe's only L. Hoes one of those kids who could actually became a bem eit to socty. Know David and I know that to be true Do you think three well-re spected lawyers would represent hin for themselves? They know that David'sbeenavic n ail this too. He's a scared little boy who does not belong in an adult prison. I can only wish mre people knew David as I do, and I can only hope Judge Sanders ha. David's best interests in mind when he sentences him. Jeaiin. Prassur Protest did not accomplish goal Editor: I attended the rally March 31 in front of Van Feet Hall, and I wonder what was accomplished. We need to reassess foreign and domestic policy, and we cannot forget the deaths of thousands of South Americans, especially Bishop Romero. But aside from short, emotional speeches, a great deal of name calling and to act@ of Orchestrated civil disobedience, I can't se what was accomplished. The speakers called for open dialogue, yet their opposition was not given a chance to speak. They want to educate people, then hold forums, create a speakers bureau, host serinaum coordinated with the Center for Latin American Studles. Both groups -Democrats and Republicans, leftists and right wingers, communists and fascist -whatever they want to call each other, failed to rali that they have one bit of common ground we are all human. We all want peace, love, under, standing, freedom and acceptance. That is where we should be working from, not bickering and squgb. bling and trying to shout louder than everyone else. No one's probably thought of it, but the University Police Depart meant, the Gainesville Police Department and ROTC folks handled the Stuulion well, and everyone at the rally should remember that NIM Mae am Florida does need the death penalty Editor: I was disgusted by Robert Raulerson's column in the March 26Aulgator. It was poorjoumalism at best, slander and stupidity at worst I had heard UFs College of journialismt was one of the best in the country, but if Mr. Raulerson is representative of a journalism senior, I was grossly misinformed. Mr. Raulerona's attack on the death penalty contained the usual banal argument. The state of Florida needs the death penalty as a crime deterrent. Basically, people don't commit crimes for two reasons -they have morals and values which hold that criminal activity is wrong or they kar punishment for their actiont. I aawume someonne who murden a child and thrown the mutilated body In aditch hasfew morals or values, so the only reason they have not to commit crime is fear of punishment. Does a crimfinal fear spending time In an ar-onItioned cell watching I Lge Lay runs? I know the facts don't support thatthdeath penalty deterscrime. The death penalty won't deter crime a loM a a murderer has ancch crg ofbeingmcuted forlacirbasbgsedoesofdfining the lott"y. If a criminal knew that when he ktd someonebe would almost assuredly die in e electric chair, we would finally age the murder rate reduced In dosing I would like to stale thal attended theiumejuniorhigh that Kiberly Leah was abducted front. 'ie vat injty of Columbia county was glad so see Ted Bundy dL. Justice Is an abstrt conceptVengeamce, however, Is not aing is, ibf"-CKS CINN Pik will" TOPI: Ha*C~k -J Q assi es tff* 9 C1'4C 

PAGE 7

Senate bill to enforce fu By DEBBIE CENZIPER Alligator Wrlter An organization muy have a harder time getting Student Government money if a revised bill, which does not allow exceptions for missing deadline on special funding requests, is passed at tonight's senate meeting. The original bill would have allowed SG to fund an organization if the group had a good reason for not submitting its special request before the three-month deadline. The Budget and Finance Committee and the Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee had the power to override the funding deadline. But according to the new bill, written by Student Body Treasurer David Stern and Senate President Andrew Meyer, no exceptions will be considered if the deadline is missed. Budget and Finance Chairman Chris Tompkins said he will propose an amendment that would reword the bill so that groups have a 9Oday deadline, instead of three months Tompkins said the wording change would make the bill more precise He said the new bill, which does not allow for any deadline exceptions, may hinder an organization But groups may take their requests to the Executive Cabinet and re, ceive funding through the executive branch of SG. "I think that the fact that this bill doesn't leave any room for mistakes or emergencies unless the group comes up through Cabinet may be a little unfair,* Tompkins said 'But I believe it will work out because (groups) can go through cabinet." The only organization the deadline does not apply to is Student Government. which includes Accent and Student Government Productions, Meyer said. Meyer said the bill just puts into writing what has always been interpreted in SG hiding reque the rule does not apply internally. SG has always been exempt from the three-month deadline, only it was never written into law, he said. "SG can make rules for outside organza tions, but they don't necessarily apply to us," Meyer said. "Giving money to Accent is like giving money to ourselves. "All we're doing is making it crystal clear because there has been question in the past," Meyer said. "is is to eliminate any kind of confusion The bill also states that organizations can't promise SG money to an outside source unless SG grants prior approval, Meyer said. Groups cannot receive SG money retroactively, either, Meyer said If a group takes a trip, it cannot come back and ask SG for money. If a group has overspent their budget, however, SG has the opportunity to bail them out, he said. If the bill passes, it will move to a second reading next Tuesday. TUESDAY. APRIL 199t, AWC.IAfOR 7 st deadline In other business, senators will vote on two resolutions, statements of how the Senate feels about certain issues. The first resolution, wntten by Judiciary Chairman Adam Tanenbaum, states that student senators want to ensure the safety of cyclists and pedestrians by providing a truck-free bicycle lane It saysstatevehicles, which park in bike lanes, cause bikers to abruptly swerve out of the lane The resolution requests the director of transportation and Security to work with UF administrators to prohibit the parking of state vehicles in bike lanes A second resolution, which calls for an Organ and Tissue Donor Week April 9-13, also will be voted on by senators. In money matters, if Senate passes a funding request on second reading, the law College Council will receive $5,087 for two Macintosh computers and a printer FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE PRESENTS Dr. Peter Waylen Department of Geography University of Florida "When it Rains, It Pours: El SNiPiO and Climate Disruption In South America" Apni 4, 1990 5 00 m Carietin A jd'onum SSpaonsorod by Department of Phyisa Unvtrsy of Flordj STUDENT GOVERNMENT is accepting applications for the following positions 1) Directorships Capital Improvements .Graduate Student Affairs Career Resource Center Liaison Campus Polling, Inc 2) Assistant Treasurer 3) Cabinet Staff 4) University Committees (End of Semester deadline) APPLY ROOM 30S IWRUJ DEADLINE: FRI., APRIL 6 -;,ur TaS INDOOR TAKING WE NOW HAVE "TAN-W RU" SWIM WEAR BY SOLARI Experin in abily b fhie and -i an ALL OVER TAN wla Solas aNw TANNING SUITS gIG ALL -T USUn: (SMWEAR) L[OFF"--* ALLOWS PENETATION OF UVALi RAYS -Cs pdinsly opleq NON SEE THRU b An human aym whn won against t Sfiast -r dsy) E-cing hO hnIn Was Flats GOOD FOR RADOM AM OUDOR TANIN. r ----I----------,----------------------r Single Session I2 Wees Unlifledi i I tlnth Unlimid i I 45." I I $24." I $ L .J L r rMJ L.e.nwJ a = 

PAGE 8

M AMlGAnR IEIDAY, AlPRIl 1'") UNIWRT1Y National N iF affiffii*fim and Naioa Sars 355 viHal andpad~ r atusul adinfiwguee~ con mincaie othcia noipcs and Hi olrani n tofal'n In studies acully and stall Cad 37 OtS 1 nirmatoi USA TODAY Founder Speaks At Weimer Wing Dedication Allen uharth, founder of USA TODAY and former head of the Gannett media emee, will be the featured speaker at Wdnesday's dedication ot the Fanagan Telecominunication Wing at the College of Journaism and Communications, Wnier Hall UF President John Lombardi will preside at the dedication ceremony which begins at 1 30 p m on the lawn on the north side Of Wimer Hall Visitors will be able to tour the new wing from 2 30 to 4 p in The 3060(-square fiot wng, which opened earlier this year, is named alter the retired head of Gannett Broadcasting, Alvin G Flanagan, who graduated from UF in 1941 The Flanagan Wing houses broadcast news facilities, administrative offices of the College's radio and television stations and the Brechner Center for Freedom of information A state Department of Education grant was the primary source of fundig for the $31millonwng, but1WRUF-AMFM and the late Joseph Brechner, an Orlando broadcastn executive, also contributed funds for the project UF Award-Winning Poet Gives Reading Award-winning poet Debora Creger will read from her work tonight at 8 p m in Room 105 of Fine Arts Building B Greger, a Up associate professor of English, teaches poetry. She is the author of two collections of poems, Movable Islands and And She has won the Grolher Prize and the Peter 1. B Lanan Award, as well as fellowships from the Guggenhein Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts Nationally known poet John Hollander called Greger "a powerful narrative poet .for woma knowledge is a matter of the highest feeling" Creger's work attem so bring the boundaries of m iogy into the everyday world. e reading is free and open to the pubic Faculty Requested Not To Give Exams During Passover The Office of Academic Affairs has asked faculty not to give exams on Monda%, Tuesday and Wednesday April 941, because of the Residuar holiday. The first two days of Passover are Tuesday and Wdnesday, and many Jewish students; participate in the Passover Seder mel, a reliius occasion, on Monday and The.its ais or lab tests must be given on one of these dai. student. Isuld be given the opportunity to take them at another time without penalty, according to Florida Borid of Regents policy Dwayne Thon Minority Re The UF College of Medicine has aponted Dr Dwayne Thomas, a research yellow in pulmonary medicine as mionty relations director Thomas will assume his new responsibilities July 1 after completing his fellowship Although his appointment is in the Collee of Medicine, he wdi oversee minority a fais for all six colleges at UFs Health Science Center Thomas succeeds Will Sanders, who retired May aftera31-earcazeratthe Health Science Center Dr Lynn Romrell, professor of anatomy and cell biology and associate dean of education, is interim minority relations dimctor untdl July After graduating from Louisiana State University's medical school, Thomas completed his inteh and residency at Alton Ochsner ['undation Hospital n New Orleans He is currently a research fellow at UF working with Dr Ricardo GonzalezRothi, associate professor of pulmonary medicine Thomas will also become an assistant professor of lonary medicine after completing his llowship Dr Allen Neims, dean of the College of Medicine and associate vice president for clinical affairs, said Thomas concern for minority students and his talent as a ulmnonary physician weri qualties that led to his appointment. "Dr Thomas is interested in recruiting and counseling and is an excellent pulmonary specialist As a black faculty member, he understands the viewpoint and special problems of minority students," Neurs said I PUS Z0o TODAY LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES COLLOQUIUM, "Desenvolviiento Sustentado do Acre, Brasil' by Mancie Cordeiro, agriculture secretary for state of Acre, Brazil 11:45 a m 376 Granter Hall ZOOLOGY SEMINAR, "Development and Evolution of a Novel Type of Pg Starfish lrva, by Universi of Floid assistant professor of zoology McEd. wards, 3:45 pm 211 Bertram al CROM CIML ENGINEERING LECTURE, "Construction Engineering for Segmental Bridges" by Joseph nBuono, president of lBuono, Armstron and Associates, Thllahassee, 4 p.m., 32 Wed Hall. MATERIALS SCIENCE SEMINAR, "Technological Applications of Biological Miciotubles, by Jl Schanr, branch head, Center for B'io-lecular Science and Engineering, Naval Research Office, Washington, D.C., 4 1P, Bless Auditorium, Williainson H& FOOD SCIENCE/HUMAN NUTRIION LECURE, m unologicalMethod for DetectingLCoffasenaise Activity in the Muscle of h? by Norman Had, food science arid techn Institute of Marine Resource, nivel Csllonda-Davils, 4:5 p.m., G-06 ty Hanl. SUMMER STUDY N MOSC o preearture meeting, led by om, fal study academic adv~o 7:30 Pm.,.ITrn I-jil LCURE, Huaca del Sl C~alplt of the Moche ElitebyUp athropoogy professor Michael Mail 8:15 p.m., 113 Little Hall. as Becomes Medical College Itions Director DR. DWAYNE THOMAS College Of Medicine Minority Relation. Director In the last 10 to 15 years, the number of minority students attending Florida universities has not kept up with the increase in Flonda's black population Low recruitment of minority medical students has caused a shortage of minority health care providers across the state, according to Thomas. About IN blacks aire enrolled in the Health Center's six colleges More than 30 blacks -uald from the colleges last sermester Homas has lons for two new pigrins to atfrct qu mnonty students Under one proposal, UiF would prvide summer counts for high schoo junior and senior mior students with a mnnurnm 30 GPA aparticipalmg student chooses to attend UF, earned credits would be a lied to those needed for graduation. reparation for coll e entrance exams andgeneral study sks also TH5 WEEK WEDNESDAY CENTER FOR WETLANDS LECTURE, 'Modelingof Marsh Vegetation in Savannah River Wildlife Refuge by UF systems eco assistant Leonard Nearlstine, 11:45 am., Om 3, Phelps Laboratory CITRUS PRODUCTION SEMINAR, "Citrus Cooperatives Organization and Management; by Haines City Citrus Growers' Associaion general manager Ben Abbitt, 155 p a., 2O2 Fifield Hall. BOTANY SEMINAR, "Advances in Microsequencing of Protei by Nancy Denslow, assistant research scientist,J Interdisciplinary Ceter for Biotechnology Research, 4 Pmo, 211 Bartram F-fHall GENERAL FOODS FUND SEMINAR, "Food Sovet : Three Decades and Beyond Rhad Swanson, director of Food and g Administration's Division of Emergencyand Epideriological Operations, 4:05 p.m., G-156 McCarty Hall. SUMMER STUDY IN WEST GERMANY information session led Helg Kraft, UIp associatse pnifenoidr oftfGerm and Mannheim study direcor,5 p.m., 1315 Taringr n FRONTIERS F SCIENCE LECTURE, 'When it Rains, it lnur: El Nino and Clinate Disruption in Soith America;'by UF associate Professor of geography Pete Waylen, 8 p., Carleton Audfitiorum. AFRICAN AMERICAN HERITAGE LECTURE, "Floxidi.s Black Republicaffsd in the Era of Reconsruction," University dadc.4ohitozy psa r nals Holt, 8 P.M., Gainesville Senior R action Centercomnion roos, 516N.E. 2nd Ave., sponsored by Up Department of History, On July 1 would be part of the program In addition, Thomas wants to offer a similar program for minority undergraduates interested health science careers Students would take graduatelevel science courses during the summer, receive training with Up facvlt, participate in study-skdils workshops an prepare for professional school entrance exams, Thomas also hopes to improve the financial support available for minority students by seeking donations from minority alumni and ran major corporations that have shown an interest in helping minorities Applications Due For Greek Studies Undergrad Awards Applications are available now for two annual awards for under raduate students evolved in Greek Studies at UF The awards are sponsored by UPs Center for Greek Studies. The Michael G Cantons Medal for Excellence in Greek Stues is awarded an nually to a senior who has demonstrated excellence in Greek Studies Applicants must exhibit hig academic achievement in courses taenl in the Centez including lanage courses, and play a major aole in He enic and other student oiwnizflons The Peter Bill Stathakos Leadership Award is giwn to a junior with a minimum 0 oerall GPA, successful work in at least three courses in Greek Studies and paruicipation in campus or community o anizations. Application forms are available at 102 Dauer Hall arid must be returned there no later than April 10 For more deformation, contact Dr. Karehlsa Haitigan, associate professor of classics, at 392-2075 Traffic Alert Due To Stadium Construction The University Pblce Department is advising students, faculty and staff to pay special attention to dump trucks now regularly pulling out of the service drive between the football stadium and the Florida Gym. The trucks will be clearing the area through the mid-May in earation for resurfa Florida Field with natural grass. gmen and barricades will be stationed at the intersection of the service drive and Stadium Road from 7 a m. to 6 p.m. today throh Saturday. According to state law ve icles and pedestrian, must obey flagMKn'S 5ga. UPD win increase pamiole in Mhe oes to assume sgn are being heeded. Fall Registration Begins Wednesday In igurt Hull Advnt regisrnion for fel amt for students not attending UP this summer will be held from 8 am. to4 pa day through Friday in the baseament of IIIRet Hall. Students athend ummer lifi. will register in advance fall betveea8 a.m.tto4 pas. JuneS8 ithebael mentof lrt. Relarr otron for fal wllbe armrio4 n.t.A.2.t 22though X4 in the Florida o S61 stembs will be at reglatloficn Jim au. suens The Univeraity of Florida is a Equal Opporhaity/Affiraive Actio, Instiuon 

PAGE 9

SENATE from page 1 An important duty of the Senate is setting UF's academic calendar -deciding dates such as finals week and Spring Break Hishoncally, the Senate has been seen as a powerless body by professors who complain about its size, the scheduling of meetings and a general lack of direction Material engineering Professor Fereshteh Ebrahimi, also a member of the Senate Steering Committee, said adding more depth to Senate agendas and streamlining the group could help change (hose perceptions 'The Senate does role as it should or not play as important a could," Ebrahim, said 'I agree with (Inibard) that it is tim big, and I think that is part of -not enough prestige f member because of the size and because we vote on things that are not the most important things in the world the reason 'here's or being a Senate planning of where the umvertty is gomg Marh 11 Taylor said Iomb help the Senate gain 'We have a new president, so thersi a chance to get a fresh start. "We vote on things likechanging Senate Stee the name of departments'" Ebrahimi said "I think we should address issues concern g the whole campu sand have some influence in the direction of the university We should help with the long-range -Barbara Taylor ring Committee member can promote a cLhma ipaton red's arrival also can credibility "We have a new president, so there's a chance to get a fresh start," said Taylor, who began teaching at UF in 1977. 'Ir Lombardi can support and en courage faculty members to bring their concerns before the Senate. He te to encourage particIombardi, who took over as president TUESDAY, APR. I. I9, ALLIGAkR,9 5. says he plans to gather more inormatton about the Senate before he thinks about possble improvements lvei Ien, he ays,any ThangeswI be generated by the group itself "You can't have the president step in and tell the Senate how to run itself," Lombardi said "if he president does that, then yOu don't have much faculty governance, do you' If there s a need to alter the Senate structure, then the specific proposals will come from the Senate members Imbardi, a laim American history professor who plans to teach. stressed faculty input when he took over at UF, calling it "a key to steering the university toward academic excellence GetA Major Credit Card InYour Name ACES is a ni on ide dIcoun club or college students Asa memberol ACESyou il t ve many time-savIng arhd oIllarsaving tents as wella an application tbr Ci hank fora Citibank MasterCard or VISACard. within redit [asedon yoursigolatrraloo.*Even it you aired haveacredit card r do notwanttoapply forone. ycu Atil receiveall ol ACES'benerfit toronly $14 DiscntShpping--saeupto-54 tt respected manutactuer'is pricesonver25eIMtopqutlily. brarKI name products; low priceguarantee Included National Dicount kxyk-withower r (djecmnt offers wrth mowhan$310 in savingson hundredsot national and regional serices liketheares, auto rentals. lodging. mehand! specialatractionsacro the USA meludig Unoted Artists. Her, Holiday Inn. Sheraton, SixFlags,andBuschGardens, plc.' cype 1rpruni tIrtr I 'p Ca Cnal eh Sice 0'to cita Zip 73 945 2245 9 0 Bonus Iravel-rcservationsthroughthi toll -tree senice automatically entitle you to the lowest arline Irsaailablcon s'hedvledf lighs. ull service rr'awl agency, uplo 15q be dacnunkon many hotel andmoe staysandnreCash krnusc on scheduled airline Ickel purchases on heLCost olglodngaleer hotelormitlintheUS on car rntas ACTNO THESOONER YOUJOIN.THESOONER YOUCAN BEGIN RECEIVINGTHE BENEFITSOF ACES MEMBERSHIPintrnduttory otferexpires400) Money Back Guarantee It YouAre Nut Satisfied A AS ELIGIBILITYCONTINUESAFTERGRADUATION s4W Anna lMetehooFr eirkosd .ill l Namm iltparsor tard CaEtKm riACdESu SEND1O ACES 8~n16.5420 | itihd I linonltr DOI&NCSENDECASH I I"A I '"(d I lAm' Thni No krwy di Miumust Igtc8rjaj4JrandwandngLierleei(Namembr .MefhfrT~uplME~ifr,.ntwnTnneKygup eIhhrn.anidJaft adn AranM kdflflwieon'fi ikinni bla atetiJd yiouwill he llaj pCiSlyy lhe -twrLn-di arjdnmtrte whitr maenndyhiu -a PROTECTm YOiiihiiihLFF Alley Katz Corner I Bowling -Billiards. Mini-Golf Lounge 373-3833 "I Lost 10 lbs. in 10 Days, by eating cookies" PIon A 1is gh II AlI r ,A, t Ii I 'ka. nade nith loU' liitsiic (An' fu [ l Jrn i'll Pull (ANkA for (r4Nic la Hakta't I iqki for utI & A ormi iit'jidi %hppirtimii Irn Balloons & Bears 375-1199 It.lan IhflhlihI fl yrm ilinr jsjembkr tACESIAncrItanCtiik clnetwtiS1Icnicr4nhm mkmlrJhipheigandnkdicanlatlun 11,kht ick utoai i f Ian W!t 11 n~' 1 hso~hudiI ChjmihknhIfA~Kf E ]1," "C"" Your basic, quasi-fashion, funky, fun, crazy, zany, natural fiber sportswear and assorted goodies store for men and women, 1025 W. University 336-7025 

PAGE 10

1). A~lIG;ATR. [I1JSDA, APRIL I a SELECTION trom page I 50,150n h14 met glimes bt'ciust ii Nordirig to other stlf members. he was 'on a ttroting crip im I lor ida Cklaholiia state tJUiversity coach Lronard Hamilton, a black cuath who OnU official said was not contacted regarding the Uh opeiimg, was hired Monday as the new head basketball coach for he University of Mani Lombardi, wto also would not discuss poteinal coaches' names, said UF 'certainly looked at somle black coaches" during the search process We weli through .1 list ofal the coaches available i the country, Limbardi said 'The process (l identifying (caches is comiplicated, and ImI some cases we had to determine if the coach's style was appropriate to this institution Lombardi also said UF rarely contacted the potential coaches directly, adding it is hard to say how many were fn the final Itst "You don't start with 100 and then cut to 50, then 20, then 10," he said "It's riot done that way The list gradually reduced itself to who wasavailable The thing to say about heproaess is it involved Mr Arnsparger arid his stalf watching games and Checking with [he NCAA to see if coaches have prob lems" Richardson. who led his young Razorbacks squad to the Fioal Four of the NCAA Tournament his season, where it lost in the semii nals to Duke University. had been mentioned as a top candidate for the UF job "I don't know if I would have been interested or not (in the UFl position, Richardson said from his hotel room in Denver, the site of Monday night's NCAA championship game "I never really thought about it since they didn't contact me Jarvis said he may have been enticed into leaving Boston University i he had been approached by the Gators Whi a It say?'' JirI said 'I ker ,myl wIoUld have hetn intertrpi I knowing more about the lIb \ou've got I great young Coth He I on Kruger, though [he 19member qualityy of Life Lask Force was set up by UF adnistratorsi December toexamine Issues faciTg black and Hispanic students The studentfaculty group was assembled in response to complamts by black students of growing racial tension tfn aimipus, and it has been given an April 15 deadline for making its re ommendations 0i1 Inflnrniou 0IXain 5, Johnsoor boih urged the task force ito recommend black representation on the basketball coaching staff With the hirngof Kruger,Johnson now is setting his sights on the hiring of black assistant coaches as Kruger puts together his staff Former Gapors player Randall I death, who is black, said last week I hat he has applied for an assistant coath's positon at UF. Leath just completed his third year as head coah at 1 K Yonge High School 'A concern of mine is bnngng in a black person (as an assistant) in order to be able to understand what goes on at this university and state of Florida," Johnson said. "I hate to try to tell the university what to do, but Randall Leath would be oneof my topeandidates He would be an excellent coach and role model He's at the right age (27), and he would get respect. And he's an educator as well While Johnson said he would have liked to see UF hire a black coach, he said he is not disappointed with [he selection of Krt'ger "I have no problem with the selection,"Johnson said. "I think the university has a responsibility to employ the best person they possiblycan in orderto bring the team back I think they conducted a thorough search, and I think we have a good coach now." PIC N' SA VE 92 PC. CHICKEN REAL DEAL MEAL KW S rdL U NGUE FD11111111181111 OR ENJOY OUR ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT BUFFET -7 DAYS A WEEK YOUR CHOICE SF 5 ENTREE, 6 VEETABLES, *EBSERTS, ROLLS AND SAl BAN W/FRE FRUIT. I -nlli vinav um N~f-flAk,-4m PU.IS-4P.M-I P on-+.PA .3F mmB24 oU ENS -It tU U it yu re sexually active. ou should knew about the G E GSE stands for genital self examination Its a simple exarrination you can give yourself bo checMk for any signs or symptoms of a sexualy transritted disease Send or your free GSE Guide today Because when it caumes to sexual relationships. there are sme important things tocJk out for To recent ysour free GSE Guide, srmpl fill or and retum the coupon or call, loll-free, 1-110-2341124. Wico"neco ogdo*!'hnoc, N a 01 I he A,'er ac, NAderw st rich I y o ar's.e 4rNet ca C space NP Getsaso P,~'~~~ partOIrIflhpC M d'l Askr nd )ties path C Asa Norl ,' spo Al~e, can Sts, V Hoalt Apsen a pa Con QM9 fl,,'o.gh. wh oe CD Atl' 'g.tIs '. A on Is Fo. r few OSE Guame No now st cusin4, andmato GSE Po sox4o VMbrrn MA cimaes cits. ZIP ZEnrll en Dsortshetoln Qs~m8vas.o wn ; ONO ca Qm.w .ornM N IHE CONSUMER OUR EARIH OUIES *$12.9 $***9 $ &.5 li1&.6 8 9.9 $ 4.9 FuEWrIMWEAESFOCN=fCfFinrn0mu0MMuaaau. LOA 06U Look out below It's time you gave yourself a GSE"T HOW 10MAE1HEWORDABE TERPtACE 8 SLE1EWIGSYOU CAN DOM T&ET EARIH L 2t i I h Di) Y 

PAGE 11

BUY IT. TUESDAY, APWIL 3. L99W. AUJGATR, I I SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND Iligator lassifieds FOR RENT: 1 FURNISHED MASTER BR In 3br/sba Oxford Manor Townhouse avail MAY 1-AUG 15 and be ind 8233/mo neg Call Rob 371-7755 Roommate Needed to share lbdrm/Ibth spi across from Tligert for Fall. Contact Tim 377-1085 43-6-5 $145 udi lnod. 3biks to UF Private enIano. single Im *f". uppaf class or grad call 372-1&2 aft. S. 445-1 Brandywine, I bdr. turn. apt assume leese in summer. prim nnr., 378-584. 4-5-6-1 LARGE h@.je beside C"mpQS need 3 na to replace grade $135-170/moeut fall/sum. Own Room. 335-7797 gf luck Stace. Will. KIrk 4-3-3.1 Large room w/ separate entrance. private bath, fireplace. do"So istUF. NW secluded area. 8350/m. 371-1745 4-6--1 ROOM sFOO0 STARTING $145 for Summar. Spring IS Fall eta. avail at CLO. Inod 10 meaatwk utit p, I bs U UF Sluden runl 377-42N9 or ep; by III NW 15th St. 4-13-10-1 Lare* o,. b bedroom apt, four blO from campus, NW., Nar nor Sc. PrIvate and quiet 8245dm,. 6175 sec. Call Wait 3382071. 4-5-3.1 BdrikitilIving or, privilege, most util pd. summer 413/mo. alley 16/mo, 4bdr apt 1740 NW 3rd PI To apply/ino 372-2284/ 371-4243. 4-31-1 FOR RENT: 2 UNFURNISHED 2 bdr Apt in duck pond area house, firs PlIc. wood flOors. calling fans, big yard. avail May 32/ mo 374-141iS 44-5-2 NE Motorl district. ,g. Idr. wood floors, central h"atac, fenced backyard, avail April, *7/m. 377-031. 4-4-5-2 LASER PRINil NO a. mn h aesyl -Lobo PC LablitUni. 3724500 AERC WEARA -R N FROM ALL PO4SO fl GAAX DALV -SI* "t -.aae IJ Productivity Games FOR RENT: FURN. Walk to Santa FE CC, I BOR $270-6250, 28CR $335, NEW Townhouas 8440. Sac Plua LMR Pool laundry, no cats or dogs Santa Fe Trace Apis 375-t 190 4-304752 Oak Glade Apts Near UF 4 VA, quiet asherder available in most una fr $20 ma Cats Allowed 18-28, 1 & 2 Bath $250.8350. sec IS Im 372-8422 4-3075-2 SPACIOUS MNE BEDROOM APT ONLY $MU LYONS APT 6000SW 20TI AV 377417 4-30-71.2 INCREDIBLE Etficlency Apt. takingg at sINok airtgng at U 2 Sedroom MEADOWCREnT 375-., 4-30-70-2 Check Our Now Specials" All AmenltleAvailable FURNISHED UNFURNISHED RonwateaAvela. W-r. No I REGENCY OAKS 376-57 3230 SW Arer Road COUNTRY GARDENS 373-4500 2001 SW I6 Straet Dump your roommate, Geta2 bdr for price of one. Pool, tennis. sauna, room Stoneridge Apts 3000 SW 34 375-1121 4-30-45-2 the wt SIt Solve Parking Problimi Walk to UF from Anglia (NW thithSr) Modern well kept Atsa a wown washer/dryer, cent hiac, Now renting for tall yr lease 1t 8 last dae 8460,mo 2dr/Iba-. 8610/mo 3bdr/2ba $730/mo 4bdr/2ba 336-8354 392-0554 4-6-10-2 ALoti Unit-totally awesomel sidr near/UF. fantastic deal at only $200/mo (it pay320)forMayll-AugS callmeo3354374. 4-6-10-2 I FREE YMkA J I mon* -e. rr e ms.,teshlp $o M1NMW fsta s I rea $n 3764N (many new files) (InlCIUdirg TOP TEN) Special Orders (almost arnythIn you went!) il FOR RENT: UNFURN. Villager West 600 NW Il, Ave I bd apt li nice quiet neighborhood Colliga Park Properties 411 NW 15th St 371-7777 4 Studio. 1bd. and 2bd apte and houses avail now and for fall Walk to UF I Beat the rush College Park Proparties 411 NW 15th St 371-7777 4-3-5-2 Sol Air 636 NW 21th Ave Huge 2r/2a and Ibd mps Large Oaks College Park Properties 411 NW ISth St, 371-7777 43-S-2 Masr UF, very clean 2bdr/Iba. new carpet. fireplace, ae, wach/dry hook-up, avail Aug S330/mo 373-1558 4-10-102 Atraclive, clean apte 8 houses, close to UF. avail for Aug I yr tease No dogs Call 4$5024. 430-24-2 Sublease 2/2a taking summer N close to UF, central ac. dishwasher, law rug. iamaculate coseltions great neIghbors 3356575472-1500 4-4-5-2 LO I Bedroom, close to campus. May, $23500 Call 377-0377 4-4-52 Jbdr duplex SW 17h AV, dose to UF pets alid $26/M cIa Key Management 372300 4.5.1.2 2 reofi to rent in Victorn hne Wood flor$. image poreb. Ouckpo aea A-lable May 371405. 4-62 2bd apis. SW. cent hest'air, an bus, I avail now, I avail mid-May. 1275. include water. annual lease, 373-001 44-5.2 2 BEDROOM HOUSE CLOSE TO UF AVAIL NOW 8350/MO 378-54"4 SALLY Specious R apt, 5 min bike to campus. cetral air. pool. Indry. availal 5/7-/IS wIh option to eaae 1320/M 375 2193. 4-6-5-2 1/2 block o UFI 1241 SW 4thav 21, 2nd story security Available Immediateiyl 82/,Mon eg. Call Will at 3774789 4-65-2 Big Home 8 Yard, sees, close to UF, 4bWr/2ba. capr. brick fireplace. bb goal. nopets. I-May $W /Im. f.Aug $700 Profar grad students over 21 378-20*8 4.4-2 I bdr oused acreered porcivdeck 2 antrance 25 $ in illcUi dnod. M lasi mth OlfArcherISS St. Pels OK. Call 37-600 Iv mag. 4-54-2 Sublet Zbdr/2ba May-Aug option for fall *440/mo or own bdrb for $220/mo A 1/2 utit Call 375-324 leava miasagO 4-6-32 2bdr/2ba, new carpet, fenced yard. dish., cent heat/air, wash/dry hook-up, near Oaks Mail, 8285/mo S $250 dep. 3324823 4.111.5-2 I or 2 pefacns to take over lease for sun. r. 2bd 2MbI at 8235 per person. Oak Forest Ali. 375-4220 afk lor Tally 4.9. MOBILE HOMES: 3 FOR RENT/SALE 'U tMe INae far sade E2bdi I bib. Good Cand. Part Fon. Ctr Wells. WalDq. tMy u s. a573-2227 r 3774374. 4-54" SUBLASE: 4 HOUSE/APT. FREE May i s RENTI I Writbsr Pin OK Pei, Laundry Is Sub dis wa, cen, hu. mih, ane meS .4+54 SPYGLASS APTS: Laae as 84-. opWeeas.erene. des is 4uie1 te.OaGy SO00t. iS-mI alter 4. 4-5-7-4 SUBLEASE: HSE/APT SpyglassAps Sublease for summer until July 31, fully turn 3bdr/Sba 6228 33/mo Only need I-F rmm Plsasa call 3300248 4-6-7-4 WN-T LIVE ALONE this summer Sublet 4 sum C-Ig bdr in spacious Sbdr wnhse (Oak Forestf)-trn or unturn-t7l/nm rate, (negl)rma,,s are 21 a n/a cast 336-2S50 4 more Info 4-4--4 Reap person seeks house to rent Max 1375-8425. prefer within 20 min drive of SR24 s 175 Local ret avail 375-5703 IF Mag 4-4-5-4 F Wa t sublet room In Brandywine for summer monthserant ng335-38,7 4-4. 7-4 Oxford Manor *bd avail May 7 opftn Nor refam in Aug Excellent location Call 378-11lS iv mog. 4.4-6-4 SUMMER SUBLET New Spacious WINDMEADOW Apt 2bdr/Zba 3350077. 4-4-5-4 Gatorwood Api -2bdr/2ba, furn at 64901, unfurn at $425/mo .May-July, 375-4813. 411-10-4 Frazer Hae Apis sublease for summer. option too fall, 1bdr/lba, price "ago, Ibik to OF 336-8236 4-4-5-4 Summer sublet May to Aug 15. Lakewoo Villas Nb~ot room. shath Plase call Lenny of John at 335-5237 4-4-5-4 Lg. 2bdr/2ba, pool, tennis/racquetball courts. sauna. May-June only, $410/mo Call/y message 335-6408 4-4-5 4 Oxford Manor-2bdr/2ba, avail in May. $484111o for more info call 23-1476 4-8-7-4 *OXFORD MANOR* Sublease for summers Sbdr Alba Town houselli Price negotlabiel Please Call 336-3513 4-3-4-4 Gradutingil Sublet 2br/tba for summer, close to UF, 30/mo Call Joyce 376-74t2. 4-4-5-4 Sublise Sun Bay Apt 5/i-V/15 Nice grounds. quiet. cean, ne Call evenings 378-4819 lbdr,260/o+utlt 4-4-5-4 PLEASE Sublet for summer. Speclous 34 mil to campus 8160 neg Call Neil 378046 keep trying okil 4-4-5.4 MAY-AUGUST. lbr,1bafur.quielown parklnglow utilpool, great mawn,SO% off May C280p/mo after Call Pete. 378-8468. 378-7042. 4.4-5.4 Nt for bddsbith Windmeadows apt avail now-Jly 31 an bddbth SI T5mo + 1/Out3 greatdeall tot more into. nil Cassie 3381133 4.4-5-4 SUBLET for summrter. option raill at STONERIDGE APTS 3bd/fba. Call nel 33-0529. 4-5-1-4 Spaelous Condo Summeraet Village. acre. Iro Shads, sbdrI r2ba, new Naet. au t starting May. tSex call Ted 373-29. 4-4-54 Ventura Apt. sublel for summer, 2bdrsba Fully Furniahed $350/ma. great od;Cell 33-16 Lean Message 4Live at Okhrook Is summer Close to campus. Mwn bedrmtbath.fully turn. A ie.l at 2lMv.I2 use. Call 37121 eves. 4-5-14 SPYGLASS Sublease May-August BRAND NEW Zbdr/2b townhouse r. nished, must ee. plan Weavameas. So-85. 44144 Haveesw. beta at Oakbrl a t Me Inn., pay f ,MatoyM Aug ,o 3M9 a'djy."*"oreli'",rn. M Large turn Eber/iba twnhae In Mara. weed ler summer atadet. 54211 a$. U-9420. 4-5s SUBLEASE: HSE/APT THREE OAKS I or two roommates needed. iicro, wash.,. lao 4 bika Iron campus Call 378-165 $200 mih a /3 uti 4-4.3-4 Rmmi needed for summer, own bdr in 2bdr/l 12 be swnhee Option to rent whole place in Aug Patio, tented yrd, pots ok. closs to UF/bum line 335 5047 or P-743 2*S1 4G-S-4 Sublet summer C Spyglass apt 3bed' 3bath furnished, washerjdyer, will to subleit to 1. 2 or 3 persons Leave message 336-0211 4 5 44 WINDMEADOW tr bdr apt No de posit *375/mo Call 373-3558 or 3774105 evening 4-13-10-4 Hawaiian Village sublet May thru Aug. Ibd'1l. 8310/mo. great condition Call 330-034 lv meg. 40-5-4 Well pay U $75 to suble May-A u 15 2Sdr/2Ba turn $465 Garcmwcod 8lose to UF Call anytime 377-9193 4-13 10-4 Subleaseor summer 2Bdr/29s at Rocky Point. 1420/mo Call Lisa at 37865397 of 335-9455 4-8 54 Lakewood Villas -Sublease May-Aug, turn bd, own be. wash/dry. attractive and clean only 6242,mo 335-5569 leave mesaag. 4-I3 10-4 Sublet hru Aug Colonial Manor Apt 5 mm walk to UF on SW ler/la furnished, pool 8245/mo Call Lsa 370-31n 443-4 F grad student for ssdr condo in Duckpand ara Centra$ heat/ac, aash/dry Sublease May July S4S A uwtlitiea 3735712 4-3 2-4 Roommate needed to sublet 3bdr/3ba *pT In the LAURELS Starting summer A $250/1o Call Tracy 335-4085 4-6-5-4 Wtdidmeadows phase 2 sublease 2bdrm is sbdemi/3bth apt for Sam C w/ option 4 fall 336-1377 Rena or Kel $210/1c nag 4-6-5-4 Looking for a great lsac. for Summer? In Oakbrook 3rd floor, single rm option tor fall May. June. July $f0/mo 378-6811 4-654 Pinetree Gardens. subleasse for summer, spacious I bdr apt, prime neg. Please call 335.7345 4-6-4-4 I BLOCK FROM CAMPUS Furnished room avail for Summer C semester Call 335-2202 Leave message 4-S-3-4 Summer Sublet -Treehouse Village, $tgO/mo Call Jack 375-4619. 495-4 Sublease until July 31. fully furnished tbdr/1 baapt SW area l20hOmoavail Mat S. 335-4870 4-0-5-4 ROCKY PT master bdeo In spacious sbdre apt. pond viw, pool. turn. $Itf/mo. 336-I300lv message. must saw li1 4.9--. 4 CAMELOT -2bd be. unuren. April FREE I Lease Birda In, Aug. Good location, p"a. sawla. laundry. $426/mo Call 374-6576. 4-12844 Sublet Summer. irlb a, option for fail, I bik from UF Porisend Call 371InS. 4-4-2-4 Summer Sublease: Oxford Manor. Cdr/Sba, rent Wi May Is Frael Call 575U71 lv. melae, has. Fer -also. OXFORD MANOR, sublet master ber Summer C. @Gros trom poot, fu'n. "M. C0 371-17 4 4-4 Frnct Querer 2td /l 5/2 ba, unturn. AmidAlAulge l.f.,W M.Close UF. .Cn. 4444 Clasai leds. Continued on next page. El -i //54 -j SPRING SOFTWARE MADNESS i $ 40% OFF UST PRICE ON ALL COMPUTER SOFTHARP IBM AMIGA MAC Flodda Book Store Computer Dept. 1614 W. Universily Ave. 376-5606 SExcpt dcoatd edtntIoft SOfWtEN 

PAGE 12

2 AII(GAflt, I14IIDAY APRil ]'"l SUBLEASE: HSE/APT Sum C I or 2 ersos 0 Sublease (2 Ly slart ? yr iso) 2 bd HOnia Te o turn good looking people, $190/per 335 9557 4 42 4 Oxford Mqnor tbd avail May I option lo renewal In Aug Nice clean, gray car pei Big enough for twol Call 3786 515 IV mSg 4 9-5 4 French Ot clos to campus 2bdr 1 e2 be 1 rmmt $177 50 A 12 util neg 338i010 Chris/Roll 4-17-11 4 FEMALE RMMT Oak Forest own master bd/bwash/dry, pool. bln/tb $200'mo 8 114 uthl Sublet for Summer Call Ali 335 5954 4 6 4-4 5 ROOMMATES BRANDYWINE -FURNI 2bdr/tba. acuzzio sauna, wt room. huge pool. 1/2 Imp to UF. 8230'mo for own room, 112 cable A util.372 28570enris 4-30-285 Roonmmee wanted to share 3bdr 2ba house 6 mel east of campus Washer dryer and many esArea 1175/mo A 12 until 378-6827 4 3-S-S Female N/S Pmmt to share 2bdriI ba Apt $17S/mo A 1/2 otil. walking distance to UF Call 377-4244 4-17-15.5 N/S F to share 2bd,/Iba Apt at Home Stead, own bdr Avail May 5, 175mo & 1/2 utility Call 335-3745 4-3-S-S LookingforMN/S Rmnmt(s)shsre Fairmont Oaks Summer C we option to stay beyond Howard 395-7256 4-6-8 5 Roommate wanted for 3bdr/2ba house, convenient NW location nice neighborhood. unhurn. S225,mo A 1,2 ul, $100 see Call Tawnya 375 8173 4-3 5 5 Share luury lakefront condo w/que mature NIS F prot Avail 512 Near UF/Shands, nex to SIllan $350/mo + 1/2 util mcl-own bdr/ba, pool. washdry, cable A wkily maid serv (lat mi + $350 damage dep) 378-7728 lv meg 4 6-7F rmmt 1I in 3BR apt Summer C 815 Spacious api Pool, courts, May rent free Call Julie Iv msg 378 6591 4-4 5 5 Share 4bdr house across from Odome or summer, walk to school, own rm $150/mo 1/4 ulilities Call & vms Maureen 3727152 4 4 SRoommate wanted to share a two badroom/iwo bot lownhouse fat 1210/mo plus hall utilities Call Domirick 378 1034 4-4-5-5 GREAT HOUSE near law school-OWN room In 2-Aory new home-W/D, dw p avlb May 1 rent NEG + t/3 bills 377 5789 a W4S Ceaser ROOMMATES Case East sublet ?F summer own bod/bah was h/dry $250t mno call today 377 3832 4-4 5 5 I wanI I0 live In The Laurels or WMdneadow for all How about you'? Pleas Call Karen at 336 0077 4-455 MIF to, gorgeous 3bdr horn. in duck pond area Witty N/S preferred Wood floors, bay window, *c/ht. Fireplace, fencelyrd $200/mo 13 util lal Mayt. 374-S148 4 4-5-5 Oxford Manor. Fermm to share 26d/2ba apt $240?mo+1i2uiltAvailmay 5 Call 377-9751 if no ans leave mng 4-4-5 ROOMIES needed ASAP for big orange A blue shuttered house corner of Archer Sp 13 St across from tF-fully furnished uwililies included wamser/dryev-225-Michelle 335-9768 4-6-7-5 Oxford Manor-rneat n/s F to sub summer own upstairs br/ba very cleanI rent nego cheapt /3 utilw/d tallop call 373-5390 4-4-s-5 Sfor own bdrrm/bath ina 2bdrm/2bath apt 8ig enough for 2 Regency Oaks apts No ded req $2001mo Call 375-0975 4-4-5. 5 ATTENTION Rhnt wanted tot own room in 20r apt FULLY turn Lots of extras Walk to UF 374 6563 leave message 44-S-S Roommate wanted, own rooM, male or female rentto00o+1/3 ui call f8-)541 4-4-s-S Easy-going n/a Im for summer C Own room in 2o 1/bh api walk to campuial $175 + 1/2 util Call 377-9756 We metSage 4-4-5-S Choapt 130/mo + 1/2 until for your own room Siae in May & can continue Close to UF. pool a c Call 335-0589 to, Infor NEED F to Share 2 bedroom apt for Fall Fully furnished-close to campus(lets than a mnla)l 210 a mo Call Lynn 335-768. Roomate wanted to Share 2bdt fully furnishod pent nego prefer professional female or single mother call or IV msg 336-4158 4-4-5-5 2 bedeys w/balh In 3/2 house, furamshed, hard firs. ence, pesnok, quiet, Irm to uf I look is all it will take $225, 375-7169 4-5-5-5 M N/S roommate needed for summer Own bdren In 4bdr/3ba spt $ISO/mo +1/4 until Call 332-8559 4 S-5 Summer end/or Fall/Spring N/S or own turn bdr/ba In Rockwood Villas, $250 113 ui Call Pam aSS 4469 4-5-55 All ROOMMATES Own matter bdiba in an In the Pines twnhse, close to UF, avail May Aug Big enough t, 21 $250mo Call Sari 3711833 4-d-AF/NIS 1o share 2bdr/lb. turn $160/mo 1 2 util summer C tall. behind Norman Hall. Aprl free. Cal) 3736416 4 S--S5 HEY YOUI Nice, Fun. Jewish female '0 Sher* a room in a 2br/2l In Brandywie S1 50/mo and summer is FREEI Call Jon nifer at 372-1987 NOWI 4-5-5F N/S rmml needed to chare 2bdr/Sba condo, wash/dry. SW area 225/mo A 1/2 util Avppel mmedlatety Call Karen 3732386 46-S-5 Prot NIS to share Sbdr/2 112 be furnished apt for summer 5174/mo par uti 3326520 4 -5.5 F NIS wanted lot summer Own room in turn 2d/I be apt Ouiet A close to UF Asking StS0/nmA 102util Call 371 -2261 4-4-3 5 Female to share 2bdri2bs Townhouse in SW Area, fully furnished, ash/dyse $225/mo &I 1/2 until Call at 33S 6273 413-105 MtF for ig 32 Greenleal twnhse Yard and woods, turn. share w/ 2 Fa. 8175/mo A 13 ulil Must ae May I Aron 371'4563 4-4-3-5 F N/S Rprrmt wanted Own Bdrsa I2tSimo8 1/2util. For summa, For more info all Losa at 378-5397 or 335-9455. 4-6 5 OAKBROOK WALK F/M sublet lor sum. mer, own bdr'ba fully turn, walking distancu o ULF, rent nag. 335-2498. 4-5-5-5 Rockwood Vilsas N/S F Own bdr/ba for sum andia, tall 1225/mo A 113 util, price neo for sum 336-4998 4-160-5 Roommate to share 2bd/1a duplex 2 blocks to Nornian Hall $142.60 A 1/2 util1ias Call Mark at 378-7452 4-9-5-5 I or 2 N/S F Rmmts needed to share 3/2 adorable apl. for summer C Own room at reasonable rate MUST SEEI Tracy at 371-9295 Lv Message. 4-0-5 5 OXFORD MANOe Roommate n.d" to summer Own mater bdr. own master balh, own wp in closet Low rent. 376-9708 4-9-5-5 N/S F to share for summer Sbdr/3ba apt at Polo0, wash/dry. Wt room, pool option to sisy for llft Call 338-5658. 4.5.3-5 F NIS mrprt needed May I-Aug 14.Pait turn, pool. hear law school Only S200/mo A 1/2 Il Own room and bath Call 3731562 4-5.3-S pm ANn KAW V414r N iurWs! I Thomas Burns fr -M W0flle whyxanna ROOMMATES POLO'SII Own furmvah ed bdrm & buth in 3/3 apt Avail May 1 $240 nego A 1/3 util/mo cable more Call 335 54 leave message 4 9-5 5 CHEAPI na needs Sam to share spaclous furn NW home May-Aug $735mo 112 il Dog okay Fonced yd 3720858 eves 4-6 4-5 F roommate needed for summer Own adrm/bal apt, fully fornshed SpacIous apt, nice complex Ren nAgotilble Call 336-9375 4 9-5-5 2 femr roommate nded fors umnmr/aI I and spring. $150 each plus IIa of utilIties in 36.d/2baih townhouse Call 375-2441 6 FOR SALE Atpine. Kenwood, Sony and 30 more brands se all at our New oton Car Stereo Specialists 3215 NW 13 St 372 2070 4-30-75-9 Rockford, Foste. Tamsha, Pioneer,. Infinity, Kicker, Code Alarm. The Sest Car Sterle sInstlere in Iowa, Car fterooto ad 37-1034. 4 30-75 6 CAR ALARMS installed remol. control any car truck or van fully guaranteed will demo Call 38-91g student, message. Car Alarmse, Aulopg, Chapman. Home and Car St.res. Pioneer, Sanote, USher wood, and more. We Best All Priceal 175-3714. 4-30-.9-6 General Public FOR SALE MICRO CENTER) Computers 376-1146 Editor's choice -CompuAdd Northgate rH P Price same or lower than mail order Systams belo Includ. Imb. 40mb (2rms). graphics monitor. MC 20l12 110S. Packard Bell -$1295, MC 386st -61405. Northgete 308,20 $2399 PB 286 laptop w/ hd 6 battery $190 CompuAdd 810w/ 20mb *grephca monitor -$970 1 A 3 year warranties Opsitewarrantiea Panteonic1)80printer -*185 IHP Lacer Jet Is + 61049.3743W University Ave. 4-30-65-6 FUTONI & FRAME SALE From only $200 p set. Call Matt 377-HU. 4-30-21Formal Gowns -Handmade out of town Slias 5 assorted COlors. no to M80 335-5417 Lv Mag 4-3-5-8 Spring lambsfor Easter Hair shap. meat goats., woo) shap Grain led Slaughter can be arranged Ron Prokop 462-5198 Alachua 4-3-5-5 For Sale Nikon-N2000 Camere Body. Nikon 50me, 1.0 lens, Vivitar 550 FD flash. Retell 6600, will sell tot 6400 nego Call Gary at 338-6211 Lv wig 4-4-5-6 Moving-Must Sell Aka 100 watt receiver 8125. aofa and chair $150. sewing maaNne $40. Call 37&$.3M alter SpM. 4-3TIE-DYE t-shirts. professionally done, only IS each Bryan tr Rodney anytime 335-413 4-3-4-0 by Virginia Voel Klein by Greg James Smith Slice of Mice CL / g .c pgg O ns4 -1FORVA4A l -p rthF Zz4k (, 4 9 C? flume nrmua D l Al V 099001 lNN' low t IN1M f"O flmw., 

PAGE 13

TUESDAY APRIL 3 1990 AUJGATOR 13 FOR SALE SAILBOAT 1080 Holder I4 by Hlobe,. monohull, complete *I spinnaker and trailer 2.905 1-473 000 4-5--6 Peavey VTM 60 wait amp Less than one year old Paid 5450w111 soi to, $3001 Grost sound, great deal Call anytime 335-6860 4-4-4-6 LOFT -cuast-made for easty rm .carpeted -ldder nid, Asking S65 obo Call 396-8150 4-6-5MUST SELL -Mans DOuch 10 speed $125. New Lesarrn Stlsrng Wheal -$35, Sot. A Love Seat -$400. 372-0057 4-6-56 Waterbed queen size, nw metiress, side pads, heater $1 75 Call 376-8345 leave message 4-4-3-6 WILD HAIR*I Sil Nexus* K 5 HAIRCUT $20 PERM curl or body $35 SPIRAL PERM $18 Hi-LIGHTS $45 LEISURE CURL $20 RELAXER $25 CARE-FREE CURL MEN, WOMEN & CHILDREN WALK-INS WELCOME OPEN MON-SAT 106 Pm* G 3743 4 AOR PLAZA 131h SI & Univ* FOR SALE Complete bedroom aol cinO dbl bed dresser W/ mirror desk, nightland 1lOOjobo Call Robin 375-0975 4-4l5-6 5 piece dining tablefor sale $0obo Call now at 335-0529 4-5 6-6 Car Audio car CD deck $100 Kenwood spks 150 wt $50, Alpine spits Owt $40 Ads amp $50. Alarm *50, All nag 3957860 4-3-3-6 FREEPORT, BAHAMASI Round trip cruise tickets for two. 4d/3n Call Eric 3355551 Will accept beat offer 4-5 5-S 3 Paul McCartney Fix 4 sae 4-14 J Robbie stad Great seats FLOORI Call Gall 395-6172 v meg 4 5--6 Roia 36mm Normal ns w/sddIioenai 80 to 20 Zoom. came, filters, tripo A all accessories Asking 600 For more info. Michael a1372.8117rleave rrs 49-5* (I HAIR AFFAIR 1 1 First Time I Wash-N-Wear I Perm Special i a(Long hooll eMinirrcomuter) a S We Do Sculpt-red Nails WET CUTS $69 tong Sa/, Exran 902 OfEN N IN S-AT 175-2472 1a ., 373-FIND BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. ANigator Classjfeds allow products. services, lobs, etc to be listed in a directoryy to m .I easier for readers to lmd your ad A simple form explains fh. step-by-stop manner in which to place an ad and will help you d ine the cast Our Classified Advertisig staff will be happy to advls yost Alligator Classllieds may be placed in a number of ways: I It you have a valid Mastercard or Visa, you can place your ad by tlepsphoing 373.FIND benW., 8.00 and 4 00 pm 2 You amp mad your Alligator Classilled form (wit chl, money order or MastercrdmMsainformation -no cash please) in Alligator Classfled PO Box 14257 GaIn.svIlle. FL 32604 3 You can plJco your ad in persoon by coming I, our office at 1105 W. University Ave bewn 8am and 4 pm. weekdays Our gained, fiendIy staN wi be glad to help you widh your ad 4. You M place your ad in parson at lo cann one of The Alflgators convenient ON CAUSE LOCATIONS: 1Ms.ma B.bore, Hub Cam. Svit.m Dsk MOdfei Book Shands ROlMx Unilt, Cahier's Offie Rnse i i. M-F 8 Se -4 pm 8 am -4 pn. MF sam-opm Sat .NooN -pm Sun Noon-Sm Plea. use S oim to place Alligator Classifda. Plsm Mow tes. htsna. mstdy. .ah to include ..y -l.hyou Bsm a .que for daip. she 0ie ad has been ordaraed mast be conaIdsred a -adw t. THERE CAN BE NO REFUNDS OR CREUTS AFTER PLACBEG THE AD. In th. event of an ow. The AOaM, is NWpNaNleOHLflord FIRSTinserton. 0notuse loreignlangpge. doleaet .o rmsowf ad&.l whicdhW U. e adnm Soa I" pw .Te .o.n of. payit Mt ad-els e do ite aonfnt a blonh sagrlmet n te Of The hi*sdent Fb A#*W pubisahdM Th. hstpwWn"fFda ANaor patfvor *a night SO W a a ss dp of de sultbf of ady adafeng r latmled for puhton and mNne SO a.d' s -.af, r NW my ao"dng py submfltd FOR SALE Graduatinol Must set 37-high, 20-long. and 10 gallon treshwater tanks ail with hood. stand and oil equipment Cyndi 335-113S 4 -5Graduation Satel complit. sell-out of all furniture and bicycle, Chairs. matching sets. glass lable. etc Rich 375-1200 iv mess 4-5-3-6 McCartney McCartney McCartney Tampa Tampa Tampa McCartney McCartney WcCariney 2 Tickets April 12 372-3616 4-0 5-6 Waterbod, queen size, S0% molon, white padded. $t50 pbo. call 335-7345 4-64a Everything MUST Gol abde, living dinIng room furn washer & dryer. everything in great cond. cell 375-6*71 Iv message 4 --S4 MCARTNEY TIE, LEX. KY APR 9 372-7583 4-6446 fllished /Un arnished we're 'New & Impeoroed"I Convenient to LF. Shands. Shopping. Dining meritcans Basketball Petm Welcone I Or 2 Bedroom Townhouses ftlly Renovated for Fail Landmark lII II SW fesht Ave FOR SALE Fish tanks 10 A 20 gal 5 *pd cruiser w/ rack Kanmoe gas grill Need to sail Call Mike/JOe 375 6889 4-956 Corwin-Vga At-a Loud Speaker System w Subwoofer $500 080 395-9518 Eric SWEET 12 SPEEO BIKE Centurion Elite RS New tires Rarely used $250 050 Call 335-0935 4-5-3 6 pre SUMMER BIKE SALE I speed crus r5109. 3 speed coaster brake $189, 6 speed cruise' S10, 15 speed alloy rims $199, IS speed mountain bike 8270 RACING & TOURING -Miele racing bike *390. Vrivega Nvoivotch alum frame $370. Vivatech $439 3 used Canondaes starting at $275. Large selection of used bikes GATOACYCLE 3321 SW Archer Rd 3733062 40-5-5 Mountain Bike Alpine Freemnont Pass top o the line. shimano diora equipped, looks like new. barely used Call 371 0422 4 5-3-6 Tandy 26 100% IBM, 40K 20M1d. 3 25. 5 25 drv rqbcolor. modem mouse & dmplatt.; proir Sotiws's $1500 Call moo 392-5979 wkdys 2-m 4-5-3-B Froslias refrigeratorfrexzer side-byside Avacado 21 mu It 00. 392-1733 ask for Pal. 40-5-6 7 REAL ESTATE. Oakbrook Condo 2b4/2be lumr. ground floor. poolaid. Take *aer payments or malb oier 378-17s 4.10-1 U I ~ ~m --mr fire I I I I For I II 1 m J Fit -1.Irs I com I _14.~~ ~ ~ ~ 1 n *I ft~~~~ ~ ~ 14C W no--I. *"o 1 P" I.tI I -ill,n Al_10mie ._.Ame~m amsi Iiia -""-I -I iN ii'==== =@==5 REAL ESTATE Must Solut Excel cand condo 2br/2ba, Pebble Creek area, 2739 30 Dr Cali a13 606-6SS or l13-862-3525 4-30-24-7 Mill Run townhouse Zbdr/2 1 2 ba. washidry, partially turn, Make on ofter, cal 904-372 4203 4-3-5-7 Halle Plantation, 2brd2bs. gazebo, deck. lanced yard, all appliances, asm nonnual 9 5% fixed FHA wo very low down 372-7260 4-5-6-7 Assumsble No Qualifying A i2% Low down only $310/mo P & 1. Adorable Spaclaus fedr w/ loft, ceiling ten, skylight, vertical blind, Indry ir, storage A 2 decks. Beautiful landscaping w lota of Dogwood A Azaleas 374-4023 or 3764702 eIaiwtnds 4-4-3-7 8 MOTORCYCLES Sick o parking? 87 o4onda Elite Scooter 4900 miles, excellent condition $600, 377-23S7 4-5-IS 87 Jaws mroped.*300 Excel cord 2 blocksiami.a Can met Cola Chris Any time 372-3559 4-3-4-6 Most 8.41 *5 Yamsha XJ7o to first taouiable offer Low miles. great condition. lots at aras. Call 335-6704 for dormlis 44-6-a IN? Honda Elite 80, runs greel, blus, helmet include. $700 or mbast off.r, all Mike at 378-6189. ieave a messag. 46s-, Tornos golden bullst 1980 Moped FOR SALE $360 Call 336 5807 end leave Mag 4-6-4-0 9 AUTOS 191O Toyota Corolla GTS, hatchback, black, twin can 16 vlves. excellent condibiona. $6060 obo Must sell Call 335 630S 4-35-6-9 Classfleds. -C Continued an next page Superior IT-A{A 3"72-7277 Rai a carf tcmr ft 0S a Metro Lawst Rates Guaranteed -----im piCnUp We------------a h altr kye iCKTwiN ST PETEC.R AWORT K.~ .. (NtaNWt)W a A -tMVa -O fti Free I (SI) 74tf C a0 Fraee I O I--0 -G" a-.44 aAtok 64012 

PAGE 14

'4, AflGAPI. fliMSDAY, APRIl 3 fi AUTOS 85 VW JE TTA GLI good sporty reliable transportation runs and looks great, gray wbick mli call MARK a1373-9883 4 45-9 80 VW Rabbit Convertible 141k, runs good. 5 spd. FUN 335 7172 If msg $3600 obo 4-4-5-9 91 Honda Accord hatchback good cond, ion. reliable $1900 371-1900 4-4-5-9 1970 Toyota Corona statio wagon.sable, Origina onar $1100 378-755 save message or 3741900 4-4-5-9 1973 Alla Romeo Convertible Spider, Red, great cond, $2900 obo, Call Sarah 395-9529 4-3 30 Is It True You Carl Buy Jeeps For $44 through ihe US Government? Got the facts today' Call 1 708 742 142 Eus 688 4-3-1-9 1979 Oldo Cutlass Supreme, now paint, uphoistry, brakes, plugs and wires Also, rana still under war, $990 Call 371 7261 4 6-5-9 1979 Mercury Cougar, while, auto, a/c. very good shape. $2000 OBO 371 -7162 after April 6 or 392-1950 4 9 5 Dodge Magnum XE 79 recently rebuil an gine and trans Loaded, asking $1900 David 372 9719 Leave message on answering machine 4-9-5 9 10 WANTED Local Artist needs GOLD. Gems, Class Rings ETC Top $ or trade Ozzieas Fine Jewelry 373-9243 4 30-75-10 Wanted Baby crib and accessories Must be in good condition Price negotiable Call 33* 0632 M F 6 ropm 4-9-5-10 WANTED McCartney Tix for Miami show Have 2 lix for sale or trade for Tampa 4/12 Call MIKE 376-4703 and IV mag 4 5 3-10 WANTED Toyota pickup 1981 10 1983 for hall hour photographing Will pay Call 375-9710 495-10 Wanted tutor Ior Financial Two AccountIng with special emphasis on psnsiOlnS Cali between 3 0000 pm 371-7136 411 SERVICES NW Mini slorage at 1-75 A NW 39th Ave near Oaks Mall area, 5 x5 to 10 x 20 from $20. 10% disc to students 332-8017 430 75-11 BREAD & ROSES ABORTIONS 1233 NW 10th Ave 372-14 MCNISA/Insurance Free Pregnancy Test Member National Aboron Federation 4 30 75 11 AA STORAGE Close to UF Corvnert 444 $15/mo 4x828 $25,mo 533 SW 2nd Ave 377-1771 4-30-75 I1 METERS SERVICE C TER Oil and Filter Minor Tune Ups 4-cylinder 524.16 6-cylinder $28.74 some models slightly more WE MOW SELL TIRES NE rise 3411 N tn Tar, IlF 7:214 ...--_____2 SERVICES ** GATOR MOVING ** FulliSe Mov S tor Pac king 1 rtemHs Full Days'Eves Long die L.cOIns Harry/Bill374 4791 4 30 75 11 SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE FARM les sons boarding woodser facilities hay rides parties sales working students accOpled 465-3224. 375-8050 430-75-11 *SUNBELT MOVING* Professional Moving/Packing a Supplies I Item Housefull Local/Ling dist Lic/ins Pricsdlor Sudental Marty 375 MOVE 43075-It *FREE Prosnancy Tast Gainesville Women's HEALTH CENTER 720 NW 23rd Avenue 377-5055 ABORTION (To 24 Wks) BIRTH CONTROL Gynecology Services CALL CJ THE DJ pro DJ service at 375-B483 4-13-36-11 Guitar A Bass Lessons tailored for your goals Top Professional wars easp Be g nter Ady Suzukbased children's method available Larry 336-5824 4-4-5 GOLFERS1 Perfect your swing with revolutionary ranindg device Rod 335-6413 before noon 4-34-1 1 GUITAR-learn to play howls 4 or a sir.acoustic or electric Just say YES to music call univ music 372-2637 4-4-511 MOVING? Resourceful student wull size truck will beat any price in town 336-9461 4-25Beuleffitiugf Habitat for Humanity SERVICES Problems in Ma Then cail Greg Prosessional and Reliable Tutoring olfcrsd Tel 377 7415 LeaveMssage 4-5-5-11 McCoy Mini Siorage 2160 N E 1st Blvd 5 X 10 10 X 10 10 X 20 Call Us 376-3286 4 27-20-11 MOVING? Running out ol ime? Let Galor Moving pick-up. store allv your be longings to you in the fall 374-4791, 374 4488 4-30-21-11 SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED DISEASE? Get confidential testing end treatment at PLANNED PARENTHOOD 377-0881 4 WIN A HAWAIIAN VACATION OR 9IO SCREEN TV PLUS RAISE B10 SSH IN JUST 10 DAYSIII Objective Fundraiser Commitment Mlinmal Mony Raise big S Cost zero lnvesh"nt Campus organizations, clubs, frats. sororities call OCMC 1-i00-932-0528/1 600-O50-8472 Ext 10 4--1 t I TYPING 12 SERVICES MI YOU WRITE, WE TYPE Business Legal Personal Repoues Term Papers Typeset Resume Etc Oval.~ H Ml~pe Typing 378-7179 4 30-75-12 *Typing reparls busi@s legal A resumes chssItes transcribed appoi"lions letters notary CAfe. Available 24 hous/7 dayse/372-2777 4-30-75-12 Typing $1.0 pg -min. $500. Reports. Theses. wilatever Grad School P T List WCS 917 NW 13th -373-022. 4-30-7512 .'2# %' I 1 I 0J'j~.4f~4 TUESDAY, APRIL 3 Greek Expo Come See What It's All About! TYPING SERVICES Ty pinoisord Procesig Ouality depandable service Reasonable rates Later printer 377 9175 (ii 9 popm 4-30-29 12 Typing/Wordprocessing. WordPerfect 5I. quality work fast results, low ate. dependabis, personal service Tars 3321469 4-30 54 2 TYPING -Near Butler Plaza Fast Service $1 2S double space Call 373-8387 4-930-12 *word Procesig* Professional quality at student price. Fst, fsliable. service Grad school, law school experience 3157128 4-13-102 24 HR TYPINGWP5 -LASER PRINTE R -ENGLISH GRAD editiproof/apell -no chole cr -* Ripp 376-364 4-25-21-12 Typing and Wordprocassing -Legal, term papers, etc Professional quality and reliable service Call Nancy. 372-2750 4-10-1012 Put It In Writing Fast. accurate, reliable service Maslors in English will Check spellingandedii 24hrs 373-1937 4-30. J's 24 hour wordprocessimg Reports. 'Asus.* cover 't'rs ar"d ,or. Call 336-8535 Call relurnd ASAP 4-30-2112 **ACE WORDPROCESSING** Resumes, ferm papers, disserlations. legal. technIcal 335-7084 420-15.12 Plckup/Del Typing and wordproc near campus Dependable, quality service Reasonable rates 24hr/day Call Carol 313 4464 4 t7-1 1-12 TYPING SERVICES MICRO CENTER, Typing 376-0330 Full a oilt service computing Typing starts 1 SO/pg Resumes $6 Self service resumes $2 50hr I S/page Laser typeset Sraphics spell check h .ses papers special characters employmnil databases mailmerge training WordPerfect specialist Visa/MC. 4-30. 13 HELP WANTED AVON 375-8947 Sel Avon Full o, Pad-time We Train Benefits Insurance 4-30-75-13 NEW ENGLAND OROTHER/SISTER CAMPS-MASS. Counselor Positions for program specialists Team Sports. Tennis. Performing Arts; Waterfront. Inquire, Mah-n le-Nac(Boys), 190 Linden Av, Glen Ridge NJ 07021. Danbe(giris), 1l Horseneck Road, MontVille NJ 07045. Please call 1-800-778-0520. 4.18-48-13 PART-TIME WORK WkIdays, wk/nds. summer for reap /cofl/students w/trans heavy 'fling required Call 374-4791, 374-4488 4-13-10-13 EARN $35 This week for new donors for 2 plasma donaaons on ou, new automated machines Special bonus programs each month Free refreshments, free parking. Experienced stal ervinpyou since 196 Call or stop by Gainesville psma. 238 SW 4th Ave 378-9431 Mon-Fri 6-7 Sat. *-2 4-30-l-I13 Art. Graphics. Art Ed, etc. 10-15 hrs p.r wnk begmC term. S-blooks fromUf, art letering Job $3 75 par he to start. Reply Box 286 Gtesville 32402, 4-3-5-13 10 am -4 pm Reitz Union North Lawn Featuring: Gator Greek Alumnus John Reaves, University of Florida assistant football coach Noon at the North Lawn I rNA P4410*151 % :gh-I 

PAGE 15

'DJESDAY. APRIL 3, 19% MJLIGATR, 15 HELP WANTED WAITRESSWAITE R Hiring for summnerlali positions Experi ence nceaaary No phone calls pears SNUFFYS 1017WUniv Ave 4-3-5.13 One position open for Resldent Maneger in this Dlv of Housing. Position to begIn May. Supservem stIff of 3 In Vil. lage of 350 ape. Adflnistrative & com. unity dew. responsibilities. Pan time posillon for full time UF Student ss.0,12-moe plum apt aI SS0/io fUtil. lies lno izluded). Deadline April 12 ApplIeotlon al Div. of Nous. corner al Museum A SW 13th St. 4-11-11-13 EARN C SUCKS: Campus Connections. the top college magazine needs ambitious students to sell ad space, and help publish your school's edition. We provide training, fuli or part ae. Call 800-342110 4-3-5-13 Need volunteers for a 2 week study of a new psoriasis nmedlalion 331 -379 4Attention Studental Full and part tMe Work eveileblsI Excellent pay. hours. incredibly flexible Call 372-147M 4-46-13 Altention -pearect ior students l-F 5 30 30pm ph"oe 'ales, hourly wages plus bonus. Friendly aitaosphere After 1pm 378-3236. 4-3-2-13 SCREEN PRINTER New hieing experisnickd Printers and Artiats -Part time Reply to Box 603 Mdotnapy, FL 32667 Will call to schedule interviews Experison ONLY please. 4-13-10-13 BE ON TV Mayneeded for commercials Now hiring ail ages For casting into call 615 77-711* Ext. T-235 4-3 1-13 ACROSS I Aga nave 5 Fnd W e sum 10 Map 14 Long for 15 Extnguist Iflug 17 Descring le tare IS King Gt comedy 20 Dread 21 Lamb, for inStan t 23 Vex. 25 Palnroic strnmal 26 High 29 Fols. to FOR 32 DCbl 36 Deh gr 37 Pro, attendee 39 Sub bulrtiaky 40 Diner ae 43 Slouao-spefrl 45 At on end, in BerMn 46 HInt 48 Red or Coral 49 Cook Un So Otbon 52 "Mn and 54 Vokrnr 50 Redftl ow 83 Hod= 54 iner Mare asf 67 Loi os e at. Go Laet 69 Rya on 70 jIn cw" 71 Th*A DOWN h-S hawns Mfto a LoOK Bee 23 30 31 33 34 35 37 35 41 42 Cool est AponS A. such Lords dewro role Too bad SPastlon SLogel matter Oscar, For one Pays out Acts Chr stite MyWcai hunter Fe. Roysi eladwear Nit joy Aunts husband Hevecs COti hal VIP "A COrs Ln"song Ratak* I Th -" 1967 J. waynm ilk r HELP WANTED E engaged couples needed for new exci research project on convarsatlon. Karlene 395 8270 Call ASAP 4.5 3 13 EARN FREETRIPTO EUROPE Looking for campus rep for college-m ared tour company Ia 35 yr ntsrested In history, culture of discos beaches 'THtS IS AS MUCH FUN AS YOU CAN HANDLE'Contact PJ Ferris for per sonal interview 3415 W Univ Ave 9.4 M F 4-6403 BE ON TV many neededJo' commercial. Now hiring all ages For casting info call S1S 779-Il1 Ext T-235 4-3 1-13 Need a summer job? Florida has thou nds of job opportunities All areas, complete listing Cal 11407-347 1490 4Gall. is looking for exp kitchen help Please apply in person at 1718 W UnIv fupsmlrl 330-1111 4 3-5.13 Local Gil's Scout Camp, 7 wk live-in pa sition, counselors, horseback riding in structo. cook If you love children call Kay 4B-3917 4+16-10-13 CAMP ANDROSCOGGIN Main boys camp Seeking out going stafl to teach tennis & sailing also have opI in canoe, rflery, dramatics and crall Excel lenIt fscilltlea, generous tIme of Write of call collect at 733 West Street. Harrison New York 10526 94-3G-5=00 4-la. BUSINESS 14 PERSONALS COMPUTERS. terminal@ & pc's, buy, sell, trade, rent I repaIr Greet prices, QUALITy. CCS 6W Univ 331-0376 43047 49 51 53 54 55 ip rI Type of dive "MAS' CNt member Set of values Wtrd wtth manaror wife Mild cal Zip 56 57 5 so S! 62 65 Solary Aor James Jon.e. POOt Lazarus erne captain Courage Villa d Ssioon NB La Am Ih Sdl 15 PERSONALS SAVE ON RAYBANS University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave 378 4480 4-30-69-15 SKYDIVE Skydive with the Williaton Slydivers 336. 7070 4-5-16-15 COUNSELORS (male female) for North Carolinas hoet S week children's summer camp Cool mountain climate. good pay and great funl Exp not necessary For brochurstapplication Camp Pine wood. 20205-1 NE 3rd Court. Miami, FL 33170 or phone 306-722-750 4--I13-15 SAILING, 40 Morgan w/captein. St Au gustine. $100/day .a People max. 8*6 whperaor with 8 1 -473-0080, 4-910-15 Anybody can ell lOw once, bul at EZ Tannls, arm sre malt Ite0 career Sale or no sale, we will beat any price in tOWn S-IS SCUBA CLASSES Register now Classes beginning 4-9 and 4-19. Call or come by Water World 720 NW 13 St 377-2622 Gville leader in Diver Education for over 12 yra 4-3-S I1 At E Tennis, we provide our cuslomars with 3 things quality products. real prices, excellent service When you think about I, anything .l. Is uncized 4. a STRINGING at EZ TennIs has been on sale for 3 years. which makes it our daily price Once again, we rest our case 4-Quality tennis shoes under $30. Aerobic shooe 35. running shoes 25% 45% ofI 8 4 U buy. check out EZ Tennis We are small-yes, but we can save you a bundle 4-60-15 E Tennis otters the besl in rackets. shoes. sportswear, strings A accessories at low prices with great service 34 St Plaua 4-B-Ss Dear Howerd, Spring Break was great thanks to Breakaway Tours. but now It's bach to the books I found a new place for the FallFrederick Gardena at 1*30 SW 11B Ave If you till looking. call 372-7555 for lielormatlon Luv Ya Saly. DS $10.98 OR LESS The Church. Mid Oil, The Smiths., etc Spikes call 37-Spike 4-42-15 PERSONALS BEAT THE HEAT In all the latest Men a women's aswm & summer wear faaturin Gotcha, Ouiksilve. Raisins, Vuarnet A morel Lloyd Clarke Sprts 504 NW 3 St 4-0 3-15 UMBRO IS HOTI and weve got tons of it For the latest styles Isgreat selection,chock out Lloyd Clarke Sports 1504 NW 13 St 372-7836 4-4-345 AUTO INSURANCE VERYLOW PRICES Students Welcomel Cal today Sunshine State Ins 371 9696 Natural Foods and Vitamins Birkenstock Sandals Sunflower Healthe Foods 87 SW 34th St 372 7482 4.30-75-15 NEED LOW COST BIRTH CONTROL? Get special student discounts on exaems and all supplies at PLANNED PARENTHO 377-0801 4-30 75S took You? Best Everydayl Call Katie St Omega Electrolysis, Inc for Info about he PERMANENT removal of unwanted facial 9 body hair 374-4307 4-30-7-IS $STUDENTS GET CASHe For Cuallty Used Clothing 372-1226 211 W Uni Ave tral Cliy 4-30-75-15 Call Sandy's -next to CanLADIES MAKE MONEY We buy & sell good used clothing Call second Act 373-6527 4-30-75-15 Vejrneo/Carrera/Rsy-GsniGalor Great prices-reg or rx sunglasses The Optical Laboratory 376-5563. 010 SW 4 Ave I block from Ala Gen 4-30-75-15 Dear Barbara, Sorry I mIssed youduring Break week, but while I was in town, I found my place for Fall Frederick Gsrdsns at 130 SW tth Ave They even heve reduced rates for summer. Ca them today At 372-7556 Love, Riichard 4-4-5-15 PREGNANT? Don't guess Get immediate test results from a reliable source PLANNED PARENTHOOD 377-0651 4 30-73.15 16 CONNECTIONS GAY SWITCHBOARD 332 0700, 24 rs ialo/Rolerral 430-75-16 Wanted Steady akout prtner ens at Lts Get Phs Just starting free we., naut. ser oblc Call 374-8439 with your schedule 4 3-4-16 EYE EXAMS. contact venea, eye disease treatment 20 years asp Or J Beckum, optometrist 0*7 W Univ Ave 376-1288 4 30-20-1a Wasp man S1' 150*. 32. prof. bike onlmk, Into scuba. skiing,movies Seeks woman 21-21, who's sharp. attract it, n/s. mod drinker for friendship, dates, etc Reply w/ photo. phone & note to P0 Box 23769. St Gville 32602 4-16 10 16 17 NOTICES 'Today Stands on Yesterday' World Federstion of Europeans (birth or descent), Box 14262, North Palm Beach, FL 33408 18 RIDES $46rt Miami WP9IPomp 830 otW5 yeof wkly Fri s/Sun bus tripa Pints ok pkg trantported GMC trans 336-7026 (305) 286-3788 4-30-75-18 19 PETS For safe 2 dwarf rabbits I black, I grey) and lot, of extra accessories Call Nicole a 335-0791 in the evenings 49-5-19 20 LOST &i FOUND Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE ad inthis section Be hind to someone who lost what you round Call 373FINO FOUND Tan dog W/ white paws A lace by Murphree Hall, res ma recently mother) cal 395-9335 ow 338-7926 4-3-3-20 LOST MENS WATCH 10/12 near Browas Tennis Courts Reward 372-4255 4.6-5. FOUND Chrysler key by Lake Alc Call 392-4711 4-4-3-20 LOST Cubic Zirconie(looks like diamonds) tennis bracelet in McCarthy REWARDI REWARDI Call 3355039 4-3-3-20 Found Tandy single -side floppy disk ne, Health Center on 322 302-3320 Brian 4.4-3-20 So, what do you want to do with the rest of your life? Choosbig the right career is a process. Wiftut the pmper Inkownnlion, you could be wasting precious sources on a major or job you wont be happy weh. CAREER DEVELOPMENT WORKSHOP lOMW Tu MdAp lp7 ReaSU iL tn 0Ipm337AbW cC MSl1tS'M b -Wnbu &MomWtd by b*Nt Gssani SUP Comutag On' DAILY CROSSWORD PUZZLE Edited by Trude Mkhel Jafe ITT 1"14 a b I e I 171"Un un""11 i Hnnn HHHHu MEIN unannunmipin nonn nuunnu n"Pudirinh F11111117111 niell"1711111 Fi[innininrIn Fmnrinn nFinn" nnflIFIR 171171F 1711111nn un"IFIn "111117111 Hii nilinflin pirl "HIII1171171171 F!"MIT1171111171171 nnnun nn"n unnifil"I'lln" n" nnnn R171111no ann" unnn n"11"n nn"n 

PAGE 16

lb AIIAMR, tlI sOiAY Ale i t SPORTS UF players curious about new basketball coach By DAN STIFFER Al Kator Staff Wrrter I he day aeit r iCi announced the hiring of I or Kruger o, head basketball coach, sev t ral mnermler i tol e tear expressed a sense W) curiositc il their new coach Especially one player -junior Livingston Chatmnan [he 6titit 8 forward irom Iakeland left [he (;aurs oi the middle o' last seasonciting personal anl phvsal problem, Chatmam said Monday hi', back to 100 percent physically, but will have to talk [o Kruger before iakaig a dcc ision It hacl oten reported [hat Chaiiiai is Considering traslrring to Georgia Iech or Minneotal For me, I m going to talk to him nomorrow (today),"Chiman said 'I haven't made decision, thjis why I'm going to talk to him' tomorrow." through 10 games last season, Chatnian averaged 12 6 points and seven rebounds before he cited "burn out" Jan 14 Most of the leama was out of town during the weekend.nd ;earned of heir new coach Monday through other players and the media Junior Renaldo Garcia was at a loss of words (or his new coach because the t-2 guard said he had no idea who Kruger vas "I don't know too much,' Garcia said "I have never heard of them I know Kansas State is purple" Garcia wasn't alone Forward Stacey Poole said he also had no idea who Kruger was, but added today's presentation of Kruger should be exciting 'It's going to be interesting to have him here because we don't know anything about hom," Poole said Poole also said the first job ol Kruger will be to get to GamnesviLle as son as possible for the benefit of the team [l's a plus because we need to start this family as soon as possible." Poole said "It will make us a better team as soon as he gets in here." Kruger, 37. becomes the third coach in less than a year for the Gators after leading the Wildcats to four consecutive NCAA appearances "I think he'll be my coach for the next three years,' "freshman Hosie Grimsley said "Were all going to have to adjust to a new coach but I'm just relieved the whole ordeal is behind us" Alligator staff winter Gregg Doye contributed to this report Cris and friends tee off for charity 5th annual Collinswo By MAT FOGLESON Alligator Writer Neal Anderson. Lrenzo Hamptriand John I Williamns, thethree running backs instrumental in Ult's football success ol the mid1980s, return to Gainesville today to golf in the annual Cris Colhansworth lienefit Classic Colliswsrtlh, a standout receiver for the Gators in (he 1970s, has headed the tournament, which benefits Uinesville's Mental Health Services, sice 1986 He retired from [he NI [)s Cincinnati lengals last year alter a successful career and now works in radio Other former Gators who were on N FL rosters last year that will participate include Ricky Nattiel of the Denver Broncos. Lomas Brown of Detroit Lions and Kerwin Bell of theTampa Bay Buccaneers. In the tournament, an athlete or celebrity will team with four sponsors for a round of golf. The tournament has raised more than $250,000 over the past four years. That money has been used to help establish a MHS drug and alcohol treatment center, which will open later this year The Classic, which begins at 8 rth Classic begins a m at the Turkey Creek Golf and Racquet Club, links the comnmunity to MHSs cause by providing the public with entertainment from ome of Gainesville's former heroes "We try to give something back to the community, said Tom Uimlauf, director of resource development for MHS "It enhances our reputation as a town Umlauf said this year's event should raise more than $100,000 Other expected participants miclude former Major League Baseball manager Danny Ozark and former Major Itague player Rick Reichardt Umlauf confirmed Colhinsworth will be at the tournament, since his status was in question because his wife was expecting a baby She gave birth to a girl on Saturday. U UPs Bates enos honor. Golf Digest has named UF golfer Pat Bates March's collegiate player. Bates, who won March's Golf Digest Invitational with a 5-underpar 211, is the second consecutive UP golfer to win the magazine's award Chris DiMarco won February's award The Invtational was Rates' second career Getting his kicks aL",ic Judd Davis works on place-kicking drills at the Gators' practice field. UFconcludes spring practice Saturday with the annual Orange & Blue Game at Jacksonville's Gator Bowl. victory I 1 Valdosta State next for Gators Slumping UF begi @y ALEX MARVEL Alligator Writer The UF baseball team begins a five-game home stand at5 p.m. today against Valdosta State. The Gators (16-15) lost two of three Southeastern Conference games last weekend against Missis sippi and are tied for fourth place in the SEC at 3-3. Mississippi State is in first with a 7-2 conference mark, 19-7 overall. Doug Brennan is the Gators'prob. able starter today. Brennan is 2-0 in seven games this season and has not surrendered a run. If he doesn't start, look for Brent Stuart (4-1, 2.75 ns 5-game home stand vs. Blazers ERA) to get the nod. Valdosta at 7 pm. Wednesday and Mike Moberg leads UF in batting resume their SEC schedule this with,.350 average. Dave Majskiis weekend with three games against the only other Gators starter batting Louisiana State (23-9, 5-4). better than.300, with a.314average. Miami tops poll. Miami, winThe Division II Blazers (11-14) are ner of its last seven games, nmo.ed led by Rusty Brown (.411, 27 RBI, into the No. 1 spot in the CUakiliate seven home runs), Ward Holton Baseball/ESPN poll Monday. (.395) and Andy Rykard (.326). The Hurricanes (31-5) won the Valdosta State's starting pitcher was Pillsbury Classic tournament last not announced. week, defeating previously topThe Blazers finished with a losing ranked Wichita State 2-1, along with record for the first time last sean Minnesota 3-0 and Stanford 4-3. under 23-year coach Tommy Wichita State, after losing three Thomas, who needsonly IIvictories time, last week, dropped to fourth. to become the second Division II Stanford (26-7) was No. 2, folcoach to win 800 games. lowed by Aruons State (30-9) and Ile Gators again play host to No. 5 Florida State (30-7). UNLV lambastes Duke 103-73 for national basketball crown DENVER (UPI) -Anderson Hunt struck for 29 points and Nevada-las Vegas played crackling defense to hit col lege basketball's jackpot Monday night, defeating Duke 103-73 in the biggest rout in an NCAA championship final. In a commanding showofstrength, discipline and sparkle, the Rebels set a record for most points scored in the championship final and left no doubt as to the premier team in college basketball. The Rebels (35-5) shredded Duke during an 18-0 run in the second half, silencing any prospect the Blue Devils had of winning their first NCAA title in four final game appearances. Hunt was 12 of 16 from the floor and 4-for-7 from threepoint range. He was backed by larry Johnson, who delivered 22pointsand II rebounds. GregAnthonyhad 13andStacey Augion 12 as the Rebels shot 61 percent from the floor. Duke (21-9) was led by Phil Henderson with 21 points, while Christian laettner added 15 and Ala Abdelnaby 14. 
