
PAGE 1

the independe flrida tuesday april 3,1979 volime 71, no. 107 Graham opens session today GOV. BOB GRAHAM .to display leadership with his first legisl Iff L14eg islators run playing gune ol By Robert Elves special to The Alligator TALLAHASSEE -State Rep. Ralph Haben sat in his Capitol office last week beneath a photo of a jogger sloshing through a mud puddle. Gazing out his fourth-floor window, Haben noticed five joggers on Adams Street. "I ran eight miles today," Haben said abruptly. "Gosh darn, I haven't run eight miles in a long time." Haben, a Democrat from the tiny Tampa Bay town of Palmetto, trim, tanned and fit for a grueling legislative session, typifies what he called a "new breed" of state representative in the inner circle of Speaker Hyatt Brown's leadership, except that he is more conservative than most. They are young and ambitious leaders who, See related stories pages fir and sit By Regina Jackson Alligator Staff Writer Today at I I cI.m., Iboivisfhlooking, 42-vear-old former Iair v farmer and land developer will ad. dress his first legislative session. L ast wear Bob Graham sat at some obscure spo)t while another man -Reubin Askew -addressed legislators. Now (Graham is governor anl the 1979 1gislative Sessioin ffers an optituin opportunitty for the freshman governor to display his leadership qualitit's. Graham worked with coninion laborers during his campaigning ad sold voters on the idea that he is willrig to work to achieve his goals. But selling his deas ti skeptical legislatorstsabe a more difficult t askThe last legislative session of the decade will op('n as always with azaleas boximing aind energies fermenting. But as the days turn into weeks, mtany tough decisions will have to be made. After all the formal cereioini's have ended, legislators will begin ative session work on such cont roversial issues as round polidcs You read down to their peculiar and nearly unanimous atyears ago in finity for jogging, are in stark contrast to the has drifted part-time tei diverse coalition of laid-back Senate leaders pere-it next under President Phil Lewis. The reason: Lewis' Senate presidency is built on compromises between urban legislators and old-guard conservatives, while Brown's House W eal speakership represents a clean break with the House's past, a coup d'etat by Brown's following of younger, more aggressive lawmakers. Lewis, a deeply religious Roman Catholic from a suburb of West Palm Beach, came to power without particularly seeking it -as the comSkies shoi pi'omise choice of two frequently opposing facctrudinest toinight is 3 tions of the Senate. (lipi nto the See "Leeersip", Os winds next Page tax reform, ratification of the Fqual Rights A mendment and improving Florida's higher education system. In the words of Senate President Phil IAwis, "It will be a very exciting and historical year in my book." Rep. Sid Martin, D-Hawthorne, said that issues such as energy and inflation will be added to the staple concerns such as how to spend the state's revenue surplus. Martin said state legislators also moost help the federal government solve the nation's energy crisis. He said any shortage in energy supplies woold affect tourism aiI agricurlttire, the state's two major industries, which subsequently affects Florida's tax base. Reaching compromises ot solotions to problems and controversial issues will occupy much of this sear's session. Controversy will be the name of the game when the 120 House niembers, 40 senators, the governor and his Cabinet get together to enact legislation for Florida. see "seiae SIM 981,1 IX I Poge six Sidelines ary dej vu: about UF's budgetary crunch almost two The Alligator, and now it seems the disease northward. Santa Fe Community College's Iaching staff is about to be axed by at least 75 month. See story on page three. her iai uld be partly cloudy today with increasing tonight and Wednesday. Rain probability for 3t0 per('ent. Low temperatures tonight should mid-SOs with a high this afternoon in the low should tie t S to 20 mph. 

PAGE 2

2. aIIgator, tuesday, op1 3, 1979 I mut~tmJL L-M 1wwmo ---I from poge one Hoth id agrrNd the4 ll eXt*'i t %1h talk ing. igar rn( P mg ~f r -.1 -t 1 millhgkair h i' i fair t all idki 44 i exp-ftrdl ti tarrf ilf b alm thi interet .or i ran litera frnf i 'en Jack (iirfd i if 4 iiarmi eAfih cali hi <l -i t d i g ard ruAi I,. r fs I IrnT"-r W t r o -rINn if PtiAiTra( it, if you don't introduce a bi, you're not going to get people to tak about it' -Jak Gordon tr.o e re 'ii, to ri rir ,!Ii f ft Irun r i if '-T ;p-l h, H!,h1 ii hi ".t i:, P -rinfr-oi 4 i1 w if i ii> a 1 n h t tIi tn, ., awka->su -r r t m h if a dir iiRjr r i 4n if i~rdh f han ff i Biarriri n ao grab for thr ai Making ieal and liberal legi:la an earl lead fron h,'t JaaksoVillme and handi i i i r ron friend and alk e 4 1 PensaCla 1he nerthrn 4the i mmnpkfe that fivme<4 last Ar Make Someone Smile f J s iw ii r t It iif in-k rreiftin ti r ithers.4uwhfIsriiarif% #t'irthan a iadi atte t ir reapprtfrin eft e Itr if h ; rk <h( j -rs art4 t of p< -w4#r b i i.,r st#-ad , j rfup oi ; ri r r o-,ted A i i ri an iifi t r i iiiiaw ii rrirmrfer The new leadershp has taken a more progressive attitude toward solving the state's problems r an wrti ii STUDENT SPECIAL Reg. $6.00 HAIRCUTS Now $4.50 WEDNESDAYS ONLY Chez Marie Coiffeurs In the Westgcfe Plaza 3MW W. Univ. Ave. 371-46M hhk Irv I'/,'s greatv o CI If ff i. I I "L ip OR ,N Southern if Comtor PANHELLENIC COUNCIL ANNOUNCES SPRING QUARTER SORORITY Sign-Ups Apr. 2-6 Rm. 308 JWRU II m I 

PAGE 3

alligator, tuesday, opril 3, 1979, 3 Buriersremun Dorm subcontracting verdict near By Christopher Berrus Alligator Staff Writer just two obstacles remain before Student Affairs V ic President Art Sandeen will decide whether to allow dormitory residents to break their housing contracts by sub' contracting their dorm roxos to other students. Sandeen said Monday he would wait for recommendations from the Inter-residence Hall Association and the VF Student Housing Committee before making his decision (n the student-favored plan. At an hour-long meeting last week, Sandeen queried members of a special housing committee that drafted the proposed subcontracting plan about the procedures to be used if such a plan was adopted. "It's fairly complicated," Sandeen said. "There are lots and lots of ramifications." Discussion at the meeting centered on ways residents seeking releases from their contracts could be matched with students seeking rmi space Saindeein siiggestred that a 'first cm'ii. first served' vsaitIg Ist I' uNeri, bIt I A G(;11, a student hotuismg director and ciminitte memiber,% said a more flexible procedure should be used If approved iv Sandn who srif fIr wtuld make the decision i the siubcntractmrg optimi within two rieks. studirints woirldI le able to subcntrait their rixorns for a $20 fee fegirinng fall qItiarter C(mitiitte' memfIers recommended the subcontracting plai fit' implemented for a trial irrirIf 1nne moriths "A icmiittet' hould be established h ev riew sub cintracting) and work tlte ugs nut if t'he system.ii Gt' sail. Housing Business Manager Jhr Ball saridlihe wiartd irto reduce the amount if paper wrirk re(Ipred to monitor the plan. "The more administration we have itthis, the less effective it might be. Ball said. STUDENT AFFAIRS VICE PRESIDENT ART SANDEEN .says he will decide within two weeks Budget cuts to doom Santa Fe part-time faculty By Regina Jackson and Kit Carlson Alligator Staff Writers More than half of Santa Fe Communitv College's parttime faculty will not be rehired for the session beginning May I in an effort to end a three-ornth budgetar' crunch, an administrator said Monday. "We're in the last throes of a drastic thres ears We're trying to conduct the spring A term with as trany fill-time teachers andi administrators as possiile, St CC Acadenii Affairs Vice President Robert Myers said. SFCC is entering the last three months of its fiscal sear, and because of a lack of funds resulting froim decreased fulltime student enrollment, has been forced to cut hack spending for part-time fanUilts. SFCC President Alan tobertson said 75 percent of the uisiial part-time staff will not be rehired for the um mr A term. Mers said because of te it'cut in r1hirmg, a iiestinated 20 to 25 sections also will be cut froii the SF(C si-imonth term. "It shouldn't affect anyone dramatically We'll iae sure is iany classes as pnIssible are filled, but not to the point stiere it w'oiild be detrimental to gorid du<(-it(ation It vsill Af ect the (tant ity f cirrses, nott he tafits.''. In the meantime, most part-time laruflt ipemberrfs who irishave wanted to teach during the A term will ot fbe retired, Myers said. Myers sauld the liege ha ol irehirg l>lis r orpart tiw faiculty iii'iimrs wfhordorrnot work mi fr conitract "We ran never giarantee a part-time stAU irn)ir ythmstlrrg except from ter in to term.''' fi saul. "We work with peple who have ie with s, ad wrl sll lis them whe e the, 're needed, but no ie is ever guarant'd a spot' The lack if funding is >art if a tfhree-vearpi>ch whilfiI fas affected every tws-vsar 'cillegei n the state. Thee asi11 dig for cmuiiirtv rcllgi's is bared o(it the number ) frill t 'im renrollIments, a number whih has de(hined drarmat ia I fv over the past three years ''We always have more bifrs than full time inrlhnt s.' Myiers adding that moir stiifidts ar attending sifihrrl part iune. "We had a l(iss dS Sti full ti'ue enrollnentts mi sear. wich cst its almost I I nulho mii finhng State Frication C(miissiumer Halph 'irluign ii ihi fit statewiide Problem was noti s great as M irs suggested '"* %iple's p rsfIx'ct is 'v ti i i ris (uf grussA. griw .grni)wA' kcr'rI1rs going im. and thes call a pltpic'ui a id r1 The'I') irat ( d grinw th fi% Iring, nut Iifru,'s sil i sl r' -rum),tti ii s stemII stiatewiI'de.' Mi-iers estimated tit' cut ii part-time staff couid saye SFCC between $20,000 and OM3ft ''''vi done pretty well in keeping the 'sfhl from taking .ir% real drastic actions We're getting rotirsves back r ii our fet Air extra money we get from t irIAgishittire this var wilt just i grvs ii Our pot So"" part tine StCC teachers 'were uncertain nwhethei this uild teach uring ti A term. Suit' Jester, a ipart-time ar istriitor. soid her chances of migr'fihiredi fd not look ''As far is I kIinow inow, i, I won't be rehired iiI Lirs ting right now is is ayi ip fit'air.'' sit' saud. Bobi sn, a Gaiinesilli real estate broker, surf fbe(ais' )I fir' technialitvA f the ral estate 'lass he tei hes. he pro Iafb vw',(ii bI II rei IIri I fit Mit irs v .I I(I\ l. nII right i tt lu'-nmitne f rumi I th f-rirmg i uthn ks I'ibecaIIsers rt tn tv is uriired term b terin. '%" v I il unI list ,ihrift im' firiltt if w n vs ts bI I 1 I( iiiristratrr and \Av need to offer thi f mv ()tIfr\kIs ,v .k vw)itr't offr tir ort rs irlto Igin with ndv vI''l f ithr I st f < an v% v it swIhat .v -' fiav. 'm1 'evenI g(rumg tif i)to i < i(,uI.v ' St iriv i nStI, l A Carlos Robin Tom slires.Kala Imatt. Arok. .make a difference. They make an rn PACT On Wed. April 11, Vote IMPACT PARTY I I WI* 

PAGE 4

4, allgotor, tuesday, april 3, 1979 tuesday/capsule House hikes ceiling on national debt, Carter to OK bill WASHINGTON (OPI) The itousi, arned that th' united States woui defaiulit on its debts for the f first t mi' it history Monday passed and sent to Presuilent ( ute 1r i bli increasing the ceiling on the national debt Passage It a 209-165 %sute, allowed the giusernment t honor $8 bill ionin Stcial S ritcirtIs heckis. umcnwti refunds, and other tibhgationis whiiw h ui m)tt utin i vs have been stopped s of Tiuesditi i and i>amnutted pas ment f in brief Shrinking gas bubble eases power plant crisis HARISB l I ,TI', \ A It' h t ,isI at thf < pp ThrefMe Island nuclear nxwer pIit appmed to bI tsiti Mnidas' giving state iffltis% added timeInbfort' t idciusini TI t precat ionarprs ittat h r ior to iii) n.re t or closdown attempts Harold Denton. head (A Nu( e chs iglaton musin operationsns at the Suistithainna Btsr situ'. Ithr dangerous hvdrogen gas bubble that blocked ittemp1t% to bring the reactor to a I sthiutdonIit seemed to hit Shrilnk -iraniatical ihiritg the plst 24 hour% He als rettirtid hei ta tor tuvwas ouiuiig tetb uindas. it, ns fiur issemtbIits 're bel1('ii% 400it igrttsN Ith ik I is iertaiunk safer than t sst ias .i I tnt n i I tnuk there certailt r is n i tr m for iptm sm I" $3 3 bill ii In tri'asv ir ib hl i mtattiri' April 3 'I rasui r % iffiwias1% d mIIIat Atmeri< ns w b exph) dx I to r t th ritrI(.(mietax refid <II( i< ks this w' ehk Is ha%t( w~ta Ifew ex Ira days %. % Imc Im., IIIIg wA s IhII Ited I a t TIhuiIrs, halm Ithe federal budget -l~ ea lpassag f Iii nw debt Ibillhin thfr; mgh 'vept 30 Th'le Ih al \,-rsion )f the bil li( ludes I<omiprmnniscSeriate .11eVI nt re ir mi (g t ungriss' iibudgtt uii ttii to pro m %c p4 sv bi dc I ),I I I bI-( I, 1 t40% for IljS and I( S2 rf. i n tt-4 'ii t wi 1Ai iBlui itha ml l i ttr tI I)I Iv -'-, -Ik Ir 1'IIIIas )' i I I M as saI(I, -Fh1 t I tit f. h noI. it t e ul t I )I I a ii l it% debt hl gaI s' I i (f lic f ,IuI It' 'iiii$'ii iuullt tHe 'l I I ii II uIludItmI(I stI s mI( IItil ih i I litiuIhe hitl\A .1inr 1u10iitntd i mu L" i tr h em ii iiu t tster t usit b ( iri. irr tul ed t ilas i a uOs i's wil unit' m idrti Etgsutuiu muff itual' bufft t dil i i iif rab win rI iigir e s le 'e.s utiiu'l t-iet triat remtii g t rtEg as m shiartpitrast ti thi visit S itH i) 'ri.1 l1nt i usur I I lt iaul m m Jeri tale IrNt \ umli r hi77 'a ben lio' wau s warmhuls wMl i tia\e I tI mit I tr u.r m w II riuuuminen huluder Nsh I[) h uiuelIilthat lit histi'rwI S rst wv I t fle tmiN -.1__ Plato was right about lost land of Atlantis 1 )S(( )W (UPI)A Soviet scientist says a recent sleuhitim west of Gibraltar may have found the lost ontiment of Atlantis -right where Greek philosopher Plato predicted it would turn up. Prof A A. Aksvenov, director of the Soviet Oceanology institute, said in the magazine Light that a recent expediiion found ruins and a group of flat-top mountains about 300 to 600 feet below the surface of the ocean. The horseshoe-shaped area is in the Atlantic off (ibraltar, the area Plato designated in his account of tales about the lost continent, the first report to mention All ailanced civilization lost underwater. He said eight underwater photographs taken by the resarch vessel Kurchatov focused on the flat top of one 0N0 YOU KNOW THAT IT IS POSSIBLE TO IMPROVE YOUR MEMOR RI TAWN CILRINE CHOLINE IS A FOOD SUPPLEMENT THAT COMES FROM SOYBEANS. IT IS THE FORERUNNER OF ACETYLCHOLINE, A BRAIN COMPOUND THiAT IS ESSENTIAL FOR THE SMOOTH FLOW OF THE NERVE IMPULSES. STUDIES SHOW THAT EXTRA CHOLINE IN THE DIET INCREASES LEVELS OF ACETYLCHOLINE IN THE BRAIN RESEARCHERS AT THE NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH REPORT "CHOLINE SIGNIFICANTLY ENHANCED SERIAL RECALL OF UNRELATED WORDS AS MEASURED BY THE NUMBER OF TRIALS REQUIRED FURTHERMORE, THE ENHANCEMENT WAS MORE PRONOUNCED IN 'SLOWER' SUBJECTS THAN IN SUBJECTS THAT PERFORMED WELL" (LIFE SCIENCES, VOL. 22 NO 17 197B). 90 MINUTES AFTER TAKINGCHOLINE ONE OF THE SUBJECTS WHO NORMALLY REQUIRED 10 TRIALS TO MASTER A LIST OF DIFFICULT WORDS REQUIRED 5 TRIALS, A 50 PERCENT IMPROVEMENTi WHAT WILL CHOLINE DO FOR YOUi YOU WILL KNOW BY ORDERING A 30 DAY SUPPLY FOR $9.95. YOU MUST ACT NOW TO BE INCLUDED IN THE NEXT PRODUCTION RUN OF CHOLINE WHICH WILL BE AVAILABLE SOON. SEND CASH. CHECK. OR MONEY ORDER FOR $9.95 TOR -LAK ENTERPRISES INC I 'P.O0. BOX 1436 KINSTONBN.C 29501 NAMR ADDRESS STATE __ZIP Lt TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT SAN\I S( N \ d I It crc ig,(t Ci duc,1t i()n t h t t S ( .l SS )( -() )II( 1 I ()(11d ORIENTATIION TiONiC IIT 7:3() mi Carleton Atid. Everyone Welcome This Spring, GET INVOLVED with one of Samson's 14 service-learning programs a I 

PAGE 5

alligator, tuesday, april 3, 1979, 5 GAINESVILLE AUTOMOTIVE 24 HR. WRECKER SERVICE Complete Auto Point 8 Body Repair Foreign 8 Domestic insurance Cloims -Free Estimotes QUALITY WORK AT PRICES YOU CAN AFFORD 4308 NW 13th St. 10% off on all repair work & towing with ad BERNARDO NOW AT. The Exitlng Pla(e to Shop for Sh's 1029 W. UNIVERSITY 10-6 MON.-SAT. VISA CO-1'R a k-7 CAR INSURANCE ".4 74As Low As $40.00* perear Our rates are the boot In town. Gator insoronce Youican evenpy monthly Agency Inc Call us. Now 2 Convenient Locations 377-1978 376-OAKS 2333 N N 13?lh St At the OAKS MAL Alr--h xmpiii s F1tORIDABI DG -OPEN SaturdayState pot bill would allow reefer referendums By Robert McClure Alligator Staff Writer -A l l It li-gnit -maripi annu it illiiwing Flirnia mi ni e to pimp tax rni m ito state -)ffi rfromOii ittrifits, I ex pected to bI w c( nwmId rc(dIbh\ th if I'I r mat I Agi% Iat IIre t III,,Npr Ig S p, mm)red Ib)N tw',A() t A v sNv a'to )S, ( f t I Iat )ppoIX),t( .ndI I f t hifp d ii w tI I r xu ixin x xh it l iII p r o p t( l) g tI I / c p AI d m((]il( I v to ) statot I\ f iuno k wI hi fIt thv %.I iiIft I I ic rf II Ir rg i c rr-sp trding reii tIi sIII imroii-prt\ taxi-s The bill, p iirid Ilix Sen J nk (;iirdi t) )M1inn Itt ih Ifid x mmpixnsor-d b\ erxati-e hiitaiii Dmprritir i Stainaima (it\, miuld periut rieerreferendiii il le -ti () 0i ita *x i7ic ntiin i percent f ac Ii ctint xxrtt-rs woudti fiav itpetiion to ring the is x toiit A a viitr A nnAiirit -" ide l ir a f at iim r 'I x iiiiitMld range % high as 14 percentA theitlt xlprie, 'th 4 ti-rient state xltx tax, a 5 percent cint\ tax, anld a tpi-it xoil mii tax tmroi-rtx taxes would Ibciit m equal pr itio nt> ii-rititgarnered li the umn xand xhol AItI IIIihiighi m itrtipiia r-f riiitrim d tax ri-d t iitir iii igit bli ix\Im ti-i iito dia ibrmitt xiititttri wIfAhen hItiit d tig-thIier, ax ( h'ill xx"ildi iai xd b tht the practi aht fth pro pwied blls House proposal favor UF, FSU m 0 in SUS revision By Gina Thoas Alligator Staff Writer Itxit sxi ItttwiSttwAker xIii i mxxo m iimk IId t .ilte~hlo. 'tlmln( (m nilttieq.to) firm I s 1o Id icvw p'llif to m ersev Flor Ida's hivh re a i n .1 s tf.Il 'I'l( i ro w -iI Imb-ru r m tti, til.t-x (mi ttex n ItItgh trFx cit I i t rsi it irstss soi to .IIr) If1 If bill thait pro qx scs It mill r( o rhil.iji () tit' \w. .1 thei t' t e lIII rsr kit IS\% it -it is Ietnr iu it t-fi-or t lit -iiit it it tint I I p't I, IIs II, tItIv. I t ld ithP( st St.((m f I r\ Fl-: I t I( ">t ( r A t, Ig Ir 1 %t hat Iutht i-ii stIt-rx mitI I r siI ita tailf-Iittit-ir i"ix"p"rI xxtFotfrlit-i t u t ifu ittiIx \ f it-[aI r titget , ii li-, iI t\x xxItw ildf I rtnt er tiIreot ati ttb fi f t ruiit mtitiii-ipped xxith .Ittlhiorx i t( design i tegi i mdi -liiI ad ximris p i i audi t tthir r11 poir i tii-x -l l nh -gurits, th -If tber b ard that iv res titfi St'S, xNIIdIr rducd to pro-iiidiitg it-itwidicirrxd inttigxa1-x Itig-ranghigher education phiri g ( ornmmmttvfmenmbf-r BellJo im 111, IM (;,mivsvdlc N.1111thf wm tuss t it-i n-itI-bked b %(tilIx i -ir tlexrx p fe predicts hitxx --dfiight m lhi Ia-gixlatiurfri itti 4t t hei th tnppuutud ix 5u 1S k iirii(; tirdm i, 1)Mim Beitch (; rd isfd th fi ll fi ixIlagx l uiitmii-rxiti i IF aTid Fl ria Stitt mti rxitx i-ib m i tixt \I re APRIL 14 & 5~ .IOTEL 2 TANK TXVE SArTVRTy Z T : CDJVeE SOFtA E BALCASSES 6~r410 evr 26, ISre NOw/ AWP FINISH 1EFcRE FlNALS! LEN'S AQU TIC AND TRErLr79 ER WESTGATE SUOPPING. CEwrEK 73-9233 Mr In I I/ Ibn i i I I N r f-, h iI t ersitx In-lit -i n s %I xIi( uiiii(, t ite I ( -IitiralI I zv Itirt I rx tv s 0fittIII(iti gi indihxnlil b( ).Ir( li f itriixii-ex -xf iI rag ment 1) 1(N 1m,1k 111g III'Wihedilefd 1t) 1m(4t VwIth c0omnn1tte. 1wr II'II I allahaxx-v Wvilvda ti lxii ti the bill Siil ltIhe ibINto esign different admisiii itx~m titel -.I It ume si-ix wt.%(ild rimiiff to d ,) t IIt mItIg. Pen ig-l iHeve nt tWIImIal>I xI nx i xdd l \I k tl .I)C I %ai1 idthf g bill A 1 iti 1dt i tvS ha bl mup i eif ittilisiiratimig a prlblewith lt the relt i*ti l, iIt -xI -teIII I lII al Itcartx IIdI l it ti Iegeii \ t tli I \taI kIx xt-KI\said e I ich uinixrxtx iiiiI ndl ip ltlibving soparatel t I Iiroiigh t% i\it iw n rI r ifJtrutees ie ait Ihe ixnr it leg-tent delegating aithorit l to the Itard rather than i bItiing indepeindent itA itcentra lxoard When the bill reaiche the Senate, MacKa %itad, Weare gitirig to It rea(toi make chagex) T Imapiriproviions( the bill are expanding the egents from 10 to -3 member% to reflect better tatewide repreent atiln It als -xiiili redic iif-gent' term Iromn ne to five earx Anilliiwx -egentx to cnit intme appmtIng the St'S ( haIwelhr 

PAGE 6

6. alligator, tuesday, opril 3, 1979 Jon Mills State legislator keeps fast pace By Gina Thomas Alligator Staff Writer i iiter for ri igr Juntal tus r inii' mf n trk in old housr Twarr thr'ii Ti fris i %kfriIt r r I Is attacks wsk rr' irgtI ritf it I#tt 'Ifas (;aessr iltep Jr 1t11isririmig I a large' wssstmrv r cbmldhtiiu III miA i rails Ito tin kl stair griserniniririt JIMt l oo l th Iks ig \ Stils iIs II, i nd nIk srtht It lass snirt tir\1r ire 'Ir man I the fall runoff Ifistir It 271 If rrnsi'rit ,Iis 's rin Instr Stills r ifn t h si ast w an'11 idicah i bIm ti IIs fir st ->fI f il start as a t, t Io t I m iii fir i ns. lvgil'at I" c Mion II m n t I Ii rir tIIit'f tr a fI I mII1 od s fItIr Stils s'Ii 'f iIght II I Inn m larIrI1Im i t tri g toI ktitrss fir' thm srimIIsprIrp) thrIIrIiris1 i -r, lTallifnuss'' The frisfihrmri iisleit iri s.u firsm imtit frn 'Io the IH 's I <r' s rtf f 'if' rf runn mv I r( rrir TId m i n im 't-t Ic mr itm iri Stll surf fir 'ii irri' frs 'asrirrir sill )I t tI I I II t s, k I r I fitr ld sn k Inin ( I Imd11(mild ( s)tai't I riisi qrsii N S t-riir i iruf IrrI I(Pt rImI 'Awjit S[II)(fiirr ''Aess s 0wsviilm gut Il \\ f Siff i fir sftfd tbe CentIr 'T(r ( t tr's ir bilty, he fouigftl t rivirs -rrri l rI eta, w% li g toicreate I t i/ I <I mIfi is r l e o", a M1 el the 4 \111 hog l lever se@tikW M1eu. frbill liareIf niufi vhas passird tir Iv mIII a I lla t r reetre the t .VI mll f i s t hiAt it w fi eeIl r ~ rpaN'im S #r-r"'' d f s,'. \ be o-r t w t h o r t p nt ir r '> II Stiffs rs ii i nrIir I r s #n nn f-rttirs ''si nu't o i'rigai iiirf .i ri i r, i f IfIgh-r ifrS irJ if itah e t<-,, I -ll I whc r \ I I( I T ht. I II[I if I m irti r i I t II m uI rf ib t A' i A 1a run f, rniirs i k rir i i' ii r Il,-i v\r(s'f\r' -'is' Ii .II .I 1h rI I A nativeof r aal (iilss \ills firs, mIi" 'rIli Gainesville fhr a )n1st I t -r r gAduatcd f i u L;F s iss s, fIr i Iii f1)2 M4ls avoids pomp nd tirifhti durm his press cadferences rt hi'If 'I n is 1tI.r condtuctlngthese rutd(rIr s mi I rnsI t .i nim 'iris sts s Mif rsh"r i Alls lu f I m dc itf id t h r i c iii I isO itw ii' fo sw is 'pettv mu f t hir m ri if iqrxtrari Ii "I he frshiwn of< 4 rs h qf t rwd a riat'eralrriii'mi t ii t' fiqt t,11 oahtionsA Il bI, ftorn is l 'l'slit Mills's0itii is re I thf pr. ss m liv firsirs 'decriminalization of marijuana, .i-r'niwriita I reorganizat ion, education, r-tter enrg use planning and an elected (fmet Istead of an aptpainted one. nirid some focused energy leadership m thii' \iiutise office," Mills said 'There is ,rs Iittle dfme nw in the way of energy is t runn irrif planning. Who to contact about state, bills Bils -,l is it ;!01f Il I i I i'r 4t I ree ot her 90l4. 41rr (0lW2 ., 'wii li' 'irrr' ) i ~ He" r 'rr ( Irrrrrr i llw(' 't I ri '\,: r!, 'i i l'i R I I f rr( ( \k'r"rrIfr I( 1'r i't 11, rjirt IIt I! f s \rII t -T rf I isriti i' itw I. W Si i s in L4-r110) rrrn'r kiirr .flu Sid NMartin, I) I f i n ,heads the r mi irriirtv NffmirsCorimniittee and tr)n theApprrrpir turns Brilv a d ar1 ilcriiir innmidtr' tirin iii'i IPr'iiiiir in aIrri (iiller'tisr'vffrriarinIir( ininrir iris Irs 'IlillaifAse rier is r190f4 455 If3r9 X-R~eprJroiSMills. l-11t nn f ic, ls~I rc 1art memrbrer f thre lirnisi (' iiittrr iii Ifiliii Amtion. Mills can fe reached it 9U4,4hSf115 oda Leglatur myget headstart if amendment pus.se The Florida Legislature mae have a two-mnonth early start on business in 1981 if Florida voters anmend the ennstituibkn sosessiions wall begun in Febtrary. The House Admninistration Committee voted 2-1 for a bill sponsored by Reps. Walter Young, D-Hollywuod, and Bill Fynn, D-Mlamf, that would mose up the legislative session from April. The constitution now mandates the regular sessions of the Legislature to convene in April. A three-fifths vote on the House and Senate would have the proposed amendment slated on the ballot to be voted on next March when Florida holds its presidential preference primary Women pray for ERA support By Cindy Speamc* Al iqsator Staff Writer f-fi nrning, the Rev. I inn-i IP sir si Ofi i'in m pras er in the Ilouse of feprise isf io i-i st woman minister to <'>ni it 1rt-'ti# i r i'tm j kn ilatrrre. If1 r the sin olic ivo att, nfl ir d, Ifill Vi I the Equtal Rights \i d' it p 'If ir0 't nrVersial frill k ll Iw' d .lft ssNifh i' S'asi iv bith te Hrus an i Scrite. It fhai Ir 'Ii t-ri in wt I hI 'rida iegislattire. S r in by fIep. Elaine G (iird iii I)sliati iim IL ii t s il smootlily through the Hiise. n i, ritsiItallinigei i thi Senite. 'l -H \ is stalled with IS out of i net rstn stt tItanons to be aniundd ti tbe I S.f (nstitrn P irst niniidment to ie granted a de.iline n f ree yeirs fnrrm the 05th (I ngiess -u t Jnj uri f r9se ti libe t tift-d. Srtlrrdds Maisrai. It()eala, said thi ERA was plaoi I the N i si)t f 'r consideration because it is "a highi dis is issue ind hight emnotiinal." while it has been clearly an active issue in the past and salting in the ings, nothing has reah been done-rw 1ise Ani Senate leaders kiew it would dfinitely tomie i ard mkn from page one If ie inprtance sofsrs tian not be the obj it)I rntrinsersy, butt %hat to do aiiut the issues makes for heAted disinussion. For example. mn leginlators agree oreada taxpayers need som furt nt tax rebel. but spes fins are still being debated. (;rahutni hiillowning his carrp~aign pIromocs. has proposed tlorier schluau proper,' tsas rates feomrtfe present eight mills to six aills in 1979. then to 5.4 mills by 1980 Gruharm's tax relief proposal also wild in ride an increase it education funding Ifro tthe state .4 mill is SI it tax per S1,000 in atw-sd rrperte sbites Lewis said Graham's plait nis face problernis, ut added that It( is certain somel m rtof is xr itf legislat rin nl % m oit of the 1971sesias, At issue is whether siawuld be Irmarnt fnd to whoinitt should go. .he favors aa extra 5,000 homestead exemp"W '4*the istIig $5.WO1( w s tnrI tion. I doubt if Graham's plan will sail." Martin sud If I t t ri I Irt getiiti 4tirif tfir s Mar ivs saId. \S i I Ah mten s tr rtvi II fisri r of the F KA i, i i Pet kmnir D I iki ( I its. switches his vrrte 1 On fIss I thIrsA teIrsIrIri SkrIAIer ws'Ai I i rrIk 'sirs rie i isirvI At S 1 is r mi i t ti sr Anir t rirsttk t sh it 2021) t h\ slk !, 1 muster rn igl sit's Iris sessis htn : lii 1n 1t s iAffi t (i iii I-n ridi for tir next t\% A A ,o i iA rsfrriI mii th Senate \ will reriam th 1if LI 1i HI) Lo". thorre. si ]ir ritenlds to\ ote for Ir \h ii sp, is the Iouse to pass the a enirrdmient. I I I )f < f I igiAt II utr Senate Ith ighi'V AitI I i i iAm s t tass itr' (f I I in kres states, if whICh 1 t t I n1, I ilIde i a iirmenti)IIn fbo Cott rrf i t rA I t litit ItIher,' ted m t ( he it( it i( A bb\afffected South Florida conII isriss, ani Marti saud SiSouth florida legislators pressi\rm rifN( lrrridalegislators ti s\te in favor of ERA. In exchange. ie saud, North Florida would get fasuorable votes on giving tax breaks to businesses considering locations ill Nr rth Florida from i iS th Fliurila legislators. \1Siitmi surf lie tppises geitmrug i further tax relief to that hai e recid tax breaks in the past. [aswis i i redits that is iild encourage companies to relocate F I miitia alsi will bei a mair economic development issue th-siss fr rominini issierif tax reform and relief, legislators arc stcted to nsider increasing penalties for drug i aIffI krs k, the words of SernePrsdn Phil Lewis, Tft wNbe a vey excitiongu t i yew i my book.t" v sos Indn't he surprised if it (the new drug bill) is the f irst to pass the I gislatre." Ir Awis satd. There ilso rnisiderable supprirt for restructuring Hlorida s eductioriral ss te lewis said, including a major pronral toii st'n erfrul the State niusersits System. ''I think we has e a go ss stem now, but it needs improvtrig. he sud. Io t --mms 

PAGE 7

Mental Health Groups Forming For Students, Their Spouses The following groups are now being formed at the Student Mental Health Services at the Infirmary for Spring Quarter. Full and part-time students and student spouses who have paid the health fee are eligible for free participation. To sign up call 392-1171 or stop by Room 350 Infirmary. The groups begin meeting April 2. Women in Transliton: Support group for Nominations Sought Leadership Awards Nominations for male and female leadership awards in the Spring Quarter graduating class are now being accepted. Nomination application forms are available in the Office for Student Services, 129 Tigert Hall. Deadline to nominate is April 18. Nominations should include documented evidence of the students' activities, contributions and achievements. Outstanding Male and Female Leadership Awards will be presented at June 9 Commencement ceremonies. For more information, call Billy Kibler, 392-1261. Assertiveness Skills Counseling To Begin A group focusing on assertiveness skills will begin next Monday, from 4 to 6 p.m., at the University Counseling Center in 311 Little Hall. An attempt will be made to overcome whatever blocks exist to acting assertively, and assertive behaviors will be developed and refined through active practice methods. Students and student spouses are invited to participate. Call the University Counseling Center to register, 392-1575. Greece Summer Study Available University of Florida students interested in studying and visiting in Greece this summer can sign up now for UF's Agegean Institute Program. Students can earn UF credits and take courses in history, anthropology, art, drama, and modern Greek language. Cost for the June 22 -Aug. 3 program is $850 and includes tuition, room, board and travel within Greece. To sign up or for information, contact the Center for International Studies and Programs, 168 Grinter Hall, 392-4906, or the Department of Classics, 3-C ASB, 392-2MI. graduate and older undergraduate women experiencing major changes in their lives such as separation, divorce, single parenting, re-entry to college or becoming professional women and who are working to find new approaches for coping with change. Mondays, 2:30 -4 p.m. Women's Growth Grvup: Discussion and support group designed for women who wish to explore and re-evaluate roles, values, and attitudes in order to understand the impact of being a woman in today's society. Tuesday, 2:30 -4 p.m. Building Relatinhips Group: Looking at common problems and pleasures of intimacy and closeness. Focus will be on communication skills and ways to develop and maintain meaningful friendships and love relationships. Wednesdays, 2:30 -4 p.m. Overcoming Shyness Group: Participants will gain awareness of their level of shyness, understanding of what it means to be shy, difficulties and benefits of such behavior, and some methods which may help overcome shyness. Tuesdays, 3:30 -5 p.m. Stress Management Group: Will utilize didactic and experimental approaches to increase understanding of Mechanisms and causes of stress and provide an overview of various ways to reduce stress and alleviate its aversive effects. Wednesdays at 3-6 p.m. Creating a Healthy Lifestyle Group: For non-athletic persons who want to create a healthy lifestyle. Basic exercise and running will be utilized. People feeling tense from everyday stress may benefit. Major focus will be on awareness of self-defeating behaviors and how to alter them for personal growth toward a new lifestyle. Tuesdays, 1:30 -3 p.m. Study in Utrecht Is Available Students interested in studying at the University of Utrecht in Holland for the 1979-0 academic year can apply now at the Center for International Studies and Programs in 168 Grinter Hall. Students can earn up to 45 quarter hours, including intensive study of Dutch language. Students are housed in high-rise campus apartments and have the opportunity to travel while in Europe. Applicants must be sophomores or above and should have a 3.0 average. Selection of students to go to Utrecht will be made by May 15, so students should apply as soon as possible. For more information, call 392-4904. Candidates Sought For JWR U Board Stuents interested in onthe 19-80 J. Wayne Reitz UnionBoard of Managers can pick up applications for membership now. Applications are available at the information desks at the Reitz Union and Tigert Hall and in the Office for Student Services, 129 Tlgert Hall. Deadline to return applications to 123 Tlgert is 5 p.m. April 16. The JWRU Board of Managers is composed of eight students and six faculty members and determines and recommends policy for the student union facility. Applicants must be full-time students with a 2.0 GPA, be willing to attend meetings regularly, and have some knowledge of the Reitz Union and its activities. UF College Bowl Competition This Week The Reitz Union is sponsoring the 'College Bowl" general knowledge quiz competition between teams of dormitory, independent and fraternity students. The campus competition is preparatory to UF entering competition with other universities next year for participation in the returning nationally-syndicated television program, "College Bowl." Wednesday night, at 8 p.m. the Greek I team will meet the Dorm I team in 346 JWRU and the Dorm I and Greek ImI teams will meet in 361 JWRU. At 9 p.m., Wednesday, Independent H will meet Dorm H in 361 JWRU and Independent I will meet Greek H in 346 JWRU. Thursday will see the semi-finals, when the four winners of Wednesday night's competition will meet at 8 p.m. in the Reitz Union Ballroom. The finals between the two remaining teams will be held Monday ato p.m. in the Reitz Union Auditorium. The Student Championship Team will test their wits against a faculty team, yet to be named, onAprilc30 in the Reitz Union. Foreign Students Need Conversation Help The International Student Center is seeking American students, faculty and staff who would be willing to meet and converse regularly with foreign students desiring to develop their English conversation skills. Each American would meet with a foreign student on a one-to-one basis for two or more hours per week of conversation. To volunteer your time, stop by the International Student Center, 1504 West University Avenue, or the English Language Institute, 162 Grinter Hall; or call Mike Pyle at 392-370. This page paid for at usual advertising rates. UF Cheerleader Wins All-America Honor Contrary to the popular image, the life of a big-time college cheerleader isn't all glamour and eiment, says a University of Florida student who has been named one of six All-American cheerlandrs. Clare Kowalczky, a -year-old Jacksonville native and Gator cheerleader for two years, said that afterpractice and rehearsals, traveling and studying, there is very little time left for dating and other social activitim. "When other girls are going out on weekends, cheerleaders are practicing or on the road or trying to mak up classes," said the accounting major. "Although it is often exciUng, I didn't get into it for the glamour. Being a big-time college cheerleader is a form of entertainment and I just like to entertain people." Before she tried out for the Gator squad. Clare studied gymnastics and ja dance in preparation for the rigorous routines. On April 16 she will appear with the other All-Americans on a CBS special featuring the top college cheering squads in the country. "I didn't plan on becoming an All-American," she said. "'Tat was a surprise. But being a cheerleader is hard work.'Ie Gator cheerleaders have no professional advisor or choreographer so we must make up all our own dances and tumbling routines. It takes a lot of time and energy." Clare said her parents encouraged her but urged her to put school work first and the result paid off. She will graduate this year with a B-plus average in accounting and plans to enter graduate school here. The Office of Student Employment has moved from Room 110 Anderson Hall to Room 111 Anderson Hall. Campus offices corresponding with Student Employment and students seeking campus jobs may want to make note of the new addre. The University of Florida is an Equal Employment Opportunitffirmative Action Employer. CLARE KOWAlZYK On CBS-TV April16 alligator, tuesday, opril 3, 197 il--i .**."'."" T HIS WE EK NAACP Director Benjamin Hooks SpeasToight The executive director of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Benjamin Hooks, will speak on campus Tuesday as part of Student Government's ACCENT '79 speakers series. Hooks, whose career has included contributions asa lawyer, judge, minister, businessman and member of the Federal Communications Commision, wl speak at University Auditoriumn at 8 ps.m Harvard Psychologist To Speak on Grief Counseling Wednesday Dr. William Worden, professor of psychology at Harvard Medical School, will speak on "Grief Counseling: Counseling People with Acute and Delyed Grief Reactions" at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday in Room L204 of the Medical Sciences Building. Dr. Worden is also Research Director of Massachusetts General Hospital's Omega Project, an interdisciplinary study of life-threatening Wness and life-threatening behavior. The Omega Project was begun in 1968 and is funded by the National Institute of Mental Health and the National Cancer Institute. Wednesday's lecture is the second annual Arthur G. Peterson lecture on Death Education. The Peterson series is sponsored by the Graduate School and an endowment from Dr. Peterson, who resides in DeBary and is a retired government economist and president of the Funeral Society of Mid-Florida. Law Lectures Today, Wednesday Professor'Maurice Rosenberg, Harold R. Medina Professor of Procedural Jurisprudence at Columbia University Law School, will present lectures at the Holland Law Center auditorium at 4:10 p.m. today and Wednesday. Topics will be: Tuesday, "Experimenting in Response to Law's Need to Know," and Wednesday, "The Role of Courts and the Adversary ProLatin American Colloquium Wednesday The Center for Latin American Studies will present a colloquium Wednesday at 8 p.m. in Room LOM General Purpose Building A, featuring Ramiro Cardono. Dr. Cardono is one of the foremost experts in Latin American demography and is Assistant Director of the Corporation Centro Regional de Pobacion in Bogota, Colombia. The program will also feature short film entitled, "La Lcha pr un Techo." and an informal reception. Student Employment Moves 

PAGE 8

8, alligator, tuesday, april 3, 1979 editorials opinions words 'Twvu'rts-flir'm wssrds lur mist'isdlii inri kits i fun' list st'st'n sI its fitsI.i Issi urIn I II utfritip i sinst' Itipin'e frisks's ra 'Ithosit 23 vsotr #s i t flit s rs Is th I R ightk s \tru'iiln ti 'I. ''(isilits 'if, ipihts irlnd r ift Its', s sI I IIIm Iflidt o sIit' s it's I h fb isIiIfs. s Ih I I lt' I I rIftI< StI tt's I rt i \ I s ILi tatI i I 5 i sittif if si's. S rrndcdtII t bIt' i\ I i isis su11 I ts i fit' K .\I is sLIted as ) ts t'f It 0 ist i Issrs hflit (1' Iliridi I cgislttssrt' ss'ill sI'rtssil'r First In'p pitsItt fi t' s, s ,i i fs vs vtt v iIs flit vot it took ( 'A rgriss 4ff -IIrs ri fth alditttent. Iritlused ir Ifiridli sir 172lithe IlAgp tI tltirt' I iv 'i CIsis t's't'il irs' 1t1-)fis'00sn'll's N 55 iftsI I stil'ft ~t'it I ) tlly-sIillsing serve sio ustIl iItprp) ',I soitgress has exteltdedt ihe dadl111vt Ior ratifIc ation til Ju' 1( 1 f982 'I rIs Is's stit's hIave ratitfie thI lIeE liA, ius 18 irn ddI TIe tIhrin rt' 'leII( itI ts'swI si t it'mIIf sn's' f lit' light .If not t his vear, I hel the nlext lut Iow thet tii it ripe A pol ti if pI)II1 1 been dangled InI fIront of FlorI II I i t c he sliocrtip Nl t ion Isil ( iut 'Ite Is I s>Ingt' it Ist sr 5 it us 5t( tIutuII' I(),I t II hr tsnli-I fun' (u ( I In\ I I I flit' strings rus lt' ls f lstsi sr o fl Ith lff <<>nsnnfa isn \[]n i I If\ up ss' s rn Irunl .it' (i dui tin tinti tust i i n'si n sIs n'rf i i nns 'II n I s s dlsuotrstep i t Iifn't, a'suIitclIs uss M ii sInts' s l 's Ai fn t rsig ft'e pluifrn t intikt, stilt' Stir. JrNk r(I n tiris r itissI hua lis s ppIrItss'f sI i flit' 'Sitti There t he I arIs t rII i f IngI s. In t ifsI s1 ipuI tuI i s expect the I ncasoIn re t I o Ins Iss ft' I I s bti InIt I nSe atIl stoppage, ,ius fhald ( uordulsti ini st ntli '\elLint sr si'nfI us's I uns center debn h its sm flit' intl ti suis n f flit' IIA 'N The bill vsill In t r'te uus' Ithroor's. I us in wl"s r stI i 'b str vs. 'I null vs ill not'subjectN )I t an ui t asks Irs'\ nd him IIIph si'1 ca pa c ik\.Thi e pulrpi st ni lit KAI Is ur IlII inIt yes C\ ithe solt frc torditti uinuinsi s list vsiunrie ItI tid cann t lt Llltwbd'111l r i s' t .I r pl s I Pliant mIII farsasi ie, Itss i f ruthI f it' I All N s'A % set tI'he state n ii p)it ivI tlIs W oriiiiIf sIs I ge r wsi II it' stiIt stu I fIst li' I sk n f the e iploy'ment liie'. '\,%wiipt's nut>1n r'n's uvsIc il I trust bI v IIIflIt Ir (,( lt hat 'ItIrts ti'pI II I\I "i t Ins Iis (.IitfIl dillrs fussit'( i vs rsk. 'Nun1 vsI iltv \, l i t Itf i tetI n n s's u i i ifb, r< siblnt' fi r u'rs\ iIrttipg for t heir offspring's well bsiru. The bill vsill sri'red\v stv-biIs'd ills I sorifet\ As the tS. Set't II J(uisIirs lipot oil rte amendment stated: "'[*Th( I bsi, pri nciple ()it which the amlicndmnt rcO" linm bstItel shorIv: Si' siotitd not e i l it act o li det rltt i girr the legal rights of men or w 'omen.The indment will affect onl\ g(%vriiiitiila Litioflitii private actions Lid the private relationships fi tnen and women ore Liaffcted.'' So what's the fuss? Rally the reticents. Women. weldvI lot l iloiut In fact, last October hey Iressr iI N H ( President George Meai anii Li tit n t opponent of the ERA -to pull his 'rutt s\I strliut nt \i ami Beach. With a conventional sI firs'Oin sui-timc for passage of the ERA is no%. After all, it's only 23 words. an uI Isitibut it doesn't real explain why practicing law is interesting andlaw school soabsolutely dull. Th real reason I heIve is the faculty. Although in nine qfiarti rs I fav' had some adequate lecturers, I have at no in riiteceived the quality of instruction I received in college. I witprfitssiirs fby and large simply do not know how to tiach Ni i() vs van banter back and forth about the responsIbihticf students, and certainly professors are iot rrpnsiblefor siipon-feedig the law, ut at the same titte ihii nied rirnomaki Interesting subjects dull. Is not teaching Abihtk I prereImusite for tem-hing It stetms that law prostin r r w fro rnun fir ranks (A la ris es Without r f ( i r h r)'rr iItrchrmg i frifabilit Do sotie just not care \1 im nntiffs ws ir 'is ii afi tu i si ilho ld I stusupport s fii ipiesion" Just because I wsent through it does tnot m i rfthrrs trat' to Jon May U.S. gasohne cries a a touch on sore subject Editor: III referetice to "Over the barrel" and "Real babies crE ssif' wasting precious gas," I would like to exire ims feelings ii i tvery sore sulject. (Irs all, sswe continually hear about the price of gas srsAWe art' inot overseas and if anyone wants to pay thomprwe let themin go. Stcid, ifst tr to by ii Anerican-made car that will deisie t iindieage of the foreign cars. I hate toI buy foreign ft the Arerican manufacturers have forced many people 's' irs '\ars igo gase iiuch better gas mileage than preNenit mne. I kn(w iss tion! It is i proven fact that if a car is proprts tirtied the pollutionetiuipment is iot necessary. I d it its 'e i iwastig fuel or anything else, iut put the blire s here it belongson thie government for demanding fielv1s stmg lrtir 'teiuipment and auto manufacturers i' iiari a flinnts s'rtf withi the oil companies by making gas 4ri //firs 're bal I been several alternatives to gas which would I s it' pi iitotiIti as s\'t'l1 is gas shortages. One g ii ione ifss ssd wst's to produce methane gas which is usedl for irif \s 's it writing is ieard about things like this? Jerry Goeke U' General Technician LEITERS POLICY Lters musts Be typed, signed, double-spaced and not exceed 300 words; Not he siged with a pseudonym; lave addresses and telephone numbers of writers. Names wilt he withheld only if writer shows just cause. The 'idittir rears es the right to edit all letters for space. Writers mat submit longer essays, columns or letters to be consideredd for use as guest columns. Any writer interested in submitting a regular column is asked to contact the editor and he prepared to show work samples. I y NUtAD9 I w P NwI OKAU ID DON WNNm[ 0 WW? Dull law school really a vocational school Editor: W ihen I startedL mw schII I th fAll ( A170i1 t igrt I w s imIbIrkIigr) griI atf f-IIIu ItI( w'I hI t IfI ws tiiilrt h t rI it s I% Ir, -tw(i,' -fI .%k ftf-r Is first rs'ii t aIw s (n)tstisriitaI IIaI'fm I I s ifooIItIratlheir i ( I(>), I IIi ) i t -(f A fis\ I llus nmI I sI t, I t Ivast II A ltr1 .ti I I j i I 1 ) s 'A it smi fft I h-iA f, fhI p'rrrris irrs14im lartn bhUt I kiew thit w\ fhat 'sir I iss h i s It.iffcif h.,rlwI II S~tt li t~ j~flicfriiff .11i(i frana wr e om sfrif if th'r run rr'' i ppws(f r nd .m riiirel<ta ri'rmfi'sphisriw' sit ithr slihrir ftw las ut n w i s fih r '' ft t ni i lt ',l ii f 11hrI III( t i. 'iol t \ t rn is g i Irks it uihr g %I t\ ri ili'I's1.114i\ s im h i l ift "t s11( k t hriim i t 'r sw' ( fI I h to thfis' .\w 0u b fw un .Iwfbefn in m i .>It m I it m I t A Lit tIh s miI' Is in ( is tr m(I tt hr fhr I' hit tIes w" itrk 'IlusIN fgiI I LiIIIIj tr\ inr I I irt I kf ,IrI' II ru i itI r I (fir i g vaIt's t a om aem M &h a o rs 55a t 5 srIIt s, ) i t h k Ifr i t If-r' i s gi et s i t h \I \ti ,tnf> d Th-, ri n itit thIt s i t \ s ir t 'I rk I I .ir i ussr I r t I r I Is n I t A un r in r s Bettyssan MoniugsnrgEdorrs Melody Simmons NewsEditor flizabeth Wilsonr News Editor Joyne Thompson Assistant News dHor srir' Bortoi oioi W re Edorr Don M ior (-pinions~dtr Borry KleMir' npsreirfd Ir' Poul Smith Spo trisEdo' Rick M i'ra 'ey PhotoEd'io'r Oscar Sonchez Art Director Jon Wod oyoUUIEditor Denise Broriel iiyout Editor K E Barber General Mrragefr Fronk t evy Advertising Direr-nor Mrs Fvelyn Bes, Admrnistrato, Aline Simpsor Bookkeeper Guy Hwdspeth Operatnons Manager Anry Dryden interm Pr odr tion Supervisor DonaldHolbrook Prodrtr onSupervisor Elaine Gray Advertising Assistain Lyle Ask CreditManrager Harry Montevideo Accountant Camps (Commun ications, Inc. A Ur''nr 576 4tut'e ,,n ss' -/6n44')H Prrtin 37.3 9926, Bit"' it Untiie 376 4446 I 

PAGE 9

alligator, tuesday, april 3, 1979, 9 Blue Key opens door to other SG power groups Editor: Due to the constant expmsire bis The Alligator vers oie o campus is fauiiar with the Florida Bli' K's L'nknown to The Alligator and most students, howe-er, are many thier group% at VF that battle, p-r suade, and mialipulatfschol puhitis. The following ist provides list i sial sample of the or ganizat ils wssitwh oimvi' rsits wsxide pioltcal muscle-. FRK -Florida Red Key This irganizatoil, though oini of the smallest oi campus, proXvss maisny mInovative <iicepts iiliding all stiidents spa' the same titoil, adiiistrators, sxirts coiachis, profvssrs, and graduate assistants ricitv the same wagesUF wils the SIC fastball chafi)i n1ship mice every nine Nvars;, and most imporanti-, evers student and faciilt' has i parkig space civic activities include thil biig of lIcal capitalistic businesses, andi celebrating the birthdays of Karl, Chico, Harx and Grouicho Marx Ci-iminders if this dynamic Key are Iucille Ball, Brother Max, Senator Jis' McCarthy and uvsIf FGK -Florida Green Key. Tis i% large and paowerfill. group encompassing forestry majors. agriculture majors Martiansand Irish Policies range f roitlsitchimg Smokes the Bear to providing parking %paces for tractors and flying saicers Civic activity ies vary widelv with: watching Close En counters of the Third Kind' setting iirest fires; getting stoned with Bob Bergland;and holding free ''1000 Wav stoi( Ciuik I4ato' seminars. Finders f F( ;K are all persus who have had sex with plants andir get thrills fro seeing The auter Space Creaturi' that Ate I)ublin. FPK -Florida Pink Key l"PK, by far ir largest organization oil campus, is the ga 'piwer bloc. Ieimands is ithe Key include: kissing and petting be allowed it public, a [' president named Brucie, and more cliiets to come out of. the only public service provided is a free computer dating service. Cofounders of the Key are the UF Men's knitting team, Brother Jed Smock, Anita Bryant Mid the Crossroads Church. FBBK Horida Black and Blue Key Masiihists are the sole component of this tigtily visible group. providing pain and i"serv to students and faculty is the only puirpise for this Key's existence. Devilish actions are: having disco concerts; running Mary Poppins and The Sound of Miau at Reitz Union; patrolling Stadium Ioad adja mark solomon cent C()GPA; and engaging Helen Reddy for Gator Growl. Key leaders are Evel K-euvel, Tigert liall, Studlent Government, UF Police Department and Coach Doug Dickey. bOBK -Florida Orange and Blue Key. UF will be nationally ranked and that the education provided will be of the highest caliber is the tOBK promise. No expense is too great, no program tiu lofty. UF will be the oademic center of the United States, graduating top students ready to jump into the leadership (A their chosen fields. toiders of this glorious Key are the State University System, the Florida Legislature and Senator Jack Gordon,ti)-Miami Beach. These are just a few of the many organza tiis that, along with Florida Blue Key. mtld the UF political picture. Censure of international students violates basic freedom Editor: The state House hill No. 732, sponsored by Rep. Wayne McCall, D-Ocala, is iiimed at censuring international students and represents complete disregard for the basic democracy and freedom that our country was founded upon. "We welcome foreign students, but we want theri to leave their politics at home," McCall says. Why should any responsible person advocate the suppression of anyone's right to speak out on what they think are important social and political issues? The international students at UF pay tuition, fees, rent, food, utility bills and everything else as we do. If their money is welcome then why aren't their opinions? If American students hadn't actively protestedagainst the Vietnam War, how would people around the world (and within our own country) have known that American foreign policy did not have the support of many Americans? ''he Iranian students demonstrated because they wanted people in the U.S. to know about the American support if the shah of Iran and that his fascist rule was not desired by the Iranian people. Rep. McCall seems to think that the politics of iiterna tional students are only their own affair. Yet American businesses and the American government ar involved ter nationally, so how caii we 'eparate two issues that are ihusely interrelated? Forexample, the U" Fouudation has ties with corporat ion.s that support the South African government which is not wanted (to s tiay thI last) by the ma jirity of Azanian (Sotith African) people. How can any person iinterested i t lt welfare of the people of their coiitry Ix -xpectedt iist sit back and not struggle for a bitter swciit-y? I've been told that international students at this university do suffer front harassment bothfromn UFadministrators and from immigration authorities. They have been warned, as part of a nationwide policy initiated by Griffin Bell, that if they speak out they will suffer. So whether McCall's bill passes or not, the reality is that the restrictions already are being applied. Having been here at UF since 1974.I've heard President RoBtrt Marston speak out on various occasions in support of epiality and efforts to combat discrimination. At this point I strongly urge him to condemn the new bill and the harassiniiiit of integration students, which stifles democratic and iAdinii frindom for all students. Prisiileit Marston whose side are you on? Bill Lazar 4LS 

PAGE 10

14, alligator, tuesday, opril 3, 1979 Nurses begin one-mile march to capitol to stomp out legislation ay David Futch A litgator Skiff Writer More than I.(XX) nurses from around th fstAat v Iroschf-oI II ed to march one 1111 t. tit stat 1 capitol t~xit to protest legislation that threatens to remove th tc Fitrol ( J iilirsm from the ntirses ithernsetve-s. According to G;all allas, director ()f Floirda I lralth education and organiler of the marci, thi gro. p i% pro testing the "Stinset IAw" that wotldplace 11r nder1""F c regulatory agency. Another 25 professional and ic tipalitial gtuips. sit( hts enginwers and architects, as well t% tirsstAsot.'id<(mc under the auspices of t he'Stritiboard "When the 'SptjxerlarFtakes chtirgi 11i11 'iIn 'por will have the tultimnate decision mft hie-ismtiv pxho n m tstm and handling of ftinds, Halhas s itl AIth III)IIghI t Ihere s I I I Ad I bIe -prf ),1%1 )1% 1( )r -111 bI (I so )r\ Ix>ard made up ()f nurn % I allasai-d the b), ard w%4 idli a' v httle Impact V liallas sit Id FI()rgda Iealth F~ducat I~m 'want% thlic t ate R( a rdI A N Ir% IImg It() rVImait F) t (n()IIM I% 'I gIsaIt) rs dmn't kimw %whIat goes ( II IbedsIitI.'' I as %AId -\e've dome Igood Job b eml.fg Ilr own ranks mid wA,it t ()II,,-to be -droppe-d I rot)IIhe Stmwt I .twk Aithotigh nitrses from Penisactlh to Miami will participate mI tilt protest, Be-verly Keene. dire< tor (J nursing sers wes at Shand% Teachmrg 1()spital.%aind no iturmes f rom the hospit'll wAvre somg to attend I e legislature must f vi that proft-ssionak ho, nsmg i h'.11c m -' 1" s I slse vm kf-cncsaid J )lit.<( wmpiant ia that i som get til-h ( h<nsmV pr( ( s, tied ii) I m oirc btitcam rat then thc pro, ev, (f p nh e md 11 c lrsme be I o mw', ( p tvd re ald 4.95 to 8.0O tigh sMA BUTLER PLAZA MINI MALL 4 --HAPPY HOUR BONUS Buy large combo pizza and get free pitcher of Mich or Miller Lite' 10PM-1AM Mon.-Wed. LIVE ENTERTAINMENT NIGHTlV 7:30-12:30 RESDAY-SUNDAY 37746133 for delivery 15th St.and Univ. Ave. (* T EA JUR K VFvS Select Your Favorite Calculator At A Price You'll Love! --4t 4w If TEY The TI 30 Student Moth Kit helps equip you for solving tough moth problems in high school, college, home and caretrincludes powerful Ti 30 calculator, denim-colored vi atryi ng case and fun-ta-read 224 page manual packed with howt nf or mation and facts e lprce Price-$21 95 IMPERIAL $1 377 HOUSE PRICE 1 50" Texas lnstrumeNts 5 Any student or professional will appreciate this great instrument Full statistical functions Two versatile memories, long battery life Comes complete with pocket for note pad or business cards Reference Price -$40 00 IMPERIALCE :1:97 HOUSE PRICE I OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 9.30 AM -9:00 PM Monday through Saturday 12:30 PM -5.30 PM Sunday 4101 South Main Street, Gainesville, Florida/376-7616 MASTER CHARGE/VISA Texas knstrunents pT .5Ir 52 scientific functions in one compact calculator Built-in capability for handling algebraic, trigonometric and statistical problems 4-key memory, over 1000 hours of continuous operation from one set of batteries Reference Prtce -$30.00 IMPERIAL $2 77 HOUSE PRICE Nor mw 

PAGE 11

alligator, tuesday, opril 3, 1979, 11 DISPLAY ADVERTISING alligator 448 4482 Pour insurance against tije -3&t'P ff00000 I -qI bi t(I// Ittl t ('m I)t OI /t X TA" Since 1795 we've welcomed our guests with our best. A traditional taste of Cuervo Gold. Visitors to Cuerto h1 (Ilua ( yivs bccgreete(l in a special way. They're met at the gates a nd n tilted inside to e(pJrience the unique taste offCerf iGold. This is the way Ue've sai ul '4iecomfe"f ir more than 180 years. And it is as traditional as Cuermo Gold itself: Far this (Ied icatUrn to t ralituion is what makes Cnervo Gold truly special. Neat, on the r(x-ks, uith a splash of soda, in a perfect Sunrise or Ma rqarita, Cnerm Gold will bring you back to a time when quality ruled the world. Cuervo.The Gold standard since 1795. CUERVO[SPtCOAItT1 l 0 A (JIIiPROOF iMPORTEDANDBOTTI EDBY 97I i8HEUI BLIN. INC.HARTFORD. CON in brief UF finance prof seeks spot in tight City Commission race Another r U Fprofessor recently toss-l i hisi com and entered the i creasingl crowded MaI it(s (marnmission Fomr arisessilleCityCrisiiriss iis-vi and [Tfiiatiise Professor James richardsrn said Monda ire is a need for Experienced leadership on the Cits Cominss "I'vebe-en to the trough several tuims, ai I kiiowu th pssc "leins aiii t"e: severity iftheni. I kr""s l"' t4i fi itti lwem-sritctrardmsaid. u Richardson, who announced his canif da-s last wi-nki-nd jois ranks with candidates Al Mui l. i-k Jar i, Cuirtlan iili-r ai W "-Mac" Mfaclin Student returns from break, finds dorm room out of tunes A UF student retuirned from spring brrak lust w-iekh Il bd his $8WX record collection stolen Thonas Nava, I IF, saidthei 11 dlbim solli-irn sr l-i froin his thime all dorimn rm eluded Amost i-i Beatles albur ever made. Laft intouchei i Nava's riomn wer tw-i-rIVo TV sitst sterers, and six spreakers. Nava. who aid he locked the rnimi befur Iva% ig tar 15. said s ioi onei mas have nter hiii ro m wuri i t kuAlligator photographer goes westward for internship Staff photographer Sand, FeIsenthial has eien awarded t surmeriternship at the prestigious IA i ngeles Tim Call us today at 376-4482 the allgator UNBELIEVABLE BUYS IN A TIME OF ECONOMIC UPHEAVAL I Following reftormendattions by LItphotojouralism Instructor Fred Parrish and telsenthals ownlprtfolio the Times. circulation I million, will add felsenthal to its staff orf 43 Although the 19-Year-old Memphis native began his career at age 12. he didnt begin his photojournalism endeavors uiil cotming to The Alligator last sear Felsenthals photo awards mincuc several Kodak Sr-lrilastiiArt Awards and a.sla-iinrlpace Ini the black-andwhite ds (on of last sears Nikon/Nutshell Student Photo Contest. vahiid at S (l.X0 Passenger killed in accident caused by driver's intoxication N i It1 1"riim.r wis killed Suiras Night In an accident Floria lIwIimts Patrol officers sas was caused b drunk V <ordin, lighwhsas patrol reports. joseph Carman Jr.t~ ,~rk uNkss s liig norirthbouniinill oIaontstoail 231I at 14) 1i05 iltlit '-s% enhi rscarilrrrsrrff tfishiiileriftfiiHl ippif s-sr-r iiss before coin g to rest Isagk-nne-h Fdwards of iaki Hutler was taken to 1.iss .h i hospital with injurs and later lied m <rrged with riairslaiighrt-i ailsnddring wile NAACP director to talk at Accent's lecture series .1,.iis i its-si-i -l anrs iid-i x -( r i I ) re ftorN -nijaininI l ks in is hitting Ih,111i airl d will daitl-I Ir I rnidelks with ioitr pnwdh\ (is S Nt 1-Ihnight Hook 1s Ioltit akion ri-sr-ts lsirimaiiniaond t i, ahi inwl ir nr.ithniiiimilghtratrii 21ls H1 \I)(y \I s. \l i ( lorior uit M( \ \\( (Hdj)H-N we \1\0i DsilJ t i) ? Il sior 6 r ha u w it 111 Next to Peppi's OPIN Creekside Mall Peet ppe Mon.-Sat. 10-6 PM 377-3133 ( r &ed.&ri. 10PM REACH ALL OF T HEM WIT H A DISPLAY AD! Sh a 

PAGE 12

12. alligator, tuesday, april 3, 1979 County to raise oak issue By David Futch Alligator Staff Writer Propt)iira ttrr its titil ) rf rtt r i ts i ,\ j i .1 siIIt )\rIti twt .Iitirt un ,-s flit ii (I.oifs", i b hts li, -ti ng >it hir% ( iti rot nti t iii o nOwA Iim\rsA if M 14i"sc trtin \\in, itnl rlantol plit t thi i ti-t l 1 .ter ,1nt)l tt it s it it h itI, it d l i p l .1t 01 A I l n1 1 ( tr n sli lt % I -)t (TI i l if i Ii 5/n i i I I \ t ad t he~(< iRtt i on iure Couirs aieie rocgcmi prsegitnseeerieng rshideelorpent, thitsN\th ic oIre I )r alt lv ist hf)I Ir t I aIf I f i t fs Iif( vi76 A cri:)tling t( ie~ rtm141nt ( if aI I I II ie t 4 t I it, .I o t~x if ).% t ( ) th c ri: .I( I, I. it Ii% )cIif.) 0 1 1w h -(s I in i f I in h Ipa vimn t nmtaril\ womild ccill ile kith f t t h AIlic(),ks Inl ( ) t r I )u% I ness, ( rlI f' i enn tt. I w if -I (>f -\ I t lill't The Office of Student Services entitled Effective Leadership Training Spring 1979 This leisure course includes 2 series of ex perimental based workshops for individuals who wish to develop career life skills in the areas of Communcation Tune Management Decision-Making o Problem Solving Conflict Munagement Motivation e Goal Setting A certificate of completion will be awarded for those completing this 7-week course. For registration information, refer to the Reti Union Leisure Course brochure or University Calendar available around campus, or phone 392-1655. he < )mpos shop wnd Book %VFour times around the block and still no parking space? Think about how easy it is to take the bus next time all the parking spaces are full. Get into the maw. transportation habit. INSU BPUUNT PLORIDA pALST(M is a publication of Campus Commsunications Incorporated, a pivate non-profit corporation. It is pubbshpd ftv times weekly except during Junie, July and August, when it is published semi-weely and during student holidays and exom periods. Opinions expressed in tM E 000000T POMA ALLIATI or* thos ofthe ditrs o th wriiew ofthe or c. gatd nt thoste.of4th. Univrsity it Florid,."It. nptt.served by TMIN UN1D~peW T IMNUAMALLIWOU. Addrews correepondenoce to VW MWTPLO111rA ALSLOAGE eP O.B 14257, University SUkititi t r40ilti Foid,.32601. SUb*tphion rate r% i20t [ p pyear0$5 60 perqate TE INOPENDENT PLORIDIA ALLIGATOR resyrei the right to regube the typogrphical one of it dver itsemenvl and to revise or turn away oil COpY It CnOSKdWS obloctonoblim T4 INDIPINDINT PLOGIDA ALLGATOR will not consid iodiustmonts of payment for any p dvitttst n nts invol Tng typogrophIcal efror o erroneous ns tnon unless notiCe ts given to the advewtismng manager within one (1) cday ofbw the odver. PLORDA ALLI0ATO i wil not be respond b e for more than one incorrect nwintinof on advertisement scheduled to run several "irI II( i', "-h 1 1-t/ i tI trr,-it .i m a l mdit f lit I T lt n t i dur i t jinsti nit(f //it istrIti /s.ir I IstI t (i.III s IIIIun s tl i r t -It w/t I/I -I IItI% r I /til\ItI it liti at \\ ta g fi )r it 1 m inl It\ \ t rII -o ni\ iS/I a .ubiinuitt 5/pt htt 5t itt's S)f .p I I I g I I Ih<>wA g( m ><I Ir bI( I I Is I I nII it II r -Im Ir t Is w itnu I fl i t /r Ii ISt I<>ItnI il ututi f ia n I u tI I ttt I i -( >r I I aI II s I > i f f t I I I I l 1 ( i t I >if .t \ i t I f h .i I Ix r > I f ltL\ l I ),I( I I it I II-\ II % i i t 1 .1 t it >I I [ ilt I ( 11I tn t i t I t i ,w(i >ttIt t ft (m lt Iml im \t 7 i i ii Itt \nA .i i ( um t\ Plinguutng ( a iioi 5lit iuItI-(f t t }f t Sr1 tequt I)ifit t\ ifti /trl(t-i m I lg ikillfor I r m (I l I t f I i Ipm IIn t I I ( )f I.i m ilti L.m I I\, I <> is InIIg Ipr I < I I i i th I f )f \ I I I I xp-r Th%() ill Imls w111be ht-ld mn thc I I Ir th I hI II r (do f h \li 111 >1it\ A\( I I III t I II 11 i l( 111ig FOCUS ON THE CANDIDATES FOCUS On Walter Graham for President -Student Senate President -State Senate Intern -Junior College Student Body President -Georgia Board of Regents Advisory Council -UF Faculty Senate Representative FOCUS On Scott Hawkins for Vice President -Cabinet Director of Community Affairs -Director of FBK Speakers Bureau -Broward/Rawlings Student Senator -University Off-Campus Housing Committee -Fraternity Vice President FOCUS On Toby Mendelson for Treasurer ASFAC Coordinator Business Administration Student Senator Gator Growl Ticket Director President's Task Force for Intercollegiate Athletics Fraternity Treasurer I OPM U 0 Introduces the LOW-COST-LUNCH -%[\ of rum regular giant randwiches just $2.1 Ia ttIt & toiato No extra charge Cheese, just Get a free Mug of Beer!!! 41K ,Hfw good thru Aprl t4 With this CoUpon only K 4K void with other offers r*** *** **** *** ***** *** Cassdy's Gotor Plaza 0 114 NW 13th St. /ridrrtntath Paperar k BRoksrmfth 0 r#eement, poidfor by Focus arty 

PAGE 13

alligator, tuesday, opril 3, 1979, 13 I No a& Daily Specials MondaySausage & Mushroom TuesdayPepperoni & Mushroom WednesdayVegte on Whole Wheat ThursdayPepperoni & Mushroom FridayBig Leo SaturdaySausage & Mushroom SundayPepperoni & Mushroom r-mmmmmmmmmmm mm mmm mm m m m mu Free Beer or Soda I With Purchase of any Slice I --* 1245 W. University Ave. Good with Coupon April 3 1979 I Ie Lmmm.mmm.m.m.mmm m m mm mm~mJ -A Meal plan to cost less in fall than proposed ByChrstopherBarrus reaktlaat aand i <neat r Nd-n das Alltgator Staff Wrater w ak d ran a, dslia i -datd ta rs 10 -\ I I maaa a od v\aat la .wh I N a [fittr hanl stadala tswA liar to p1)1ras a Iia 7ala. 21 t m a I. wiial a a< t ita6 r 17 1xr nt-lra h xd pat ta taa l',la i t a l all w II t. a)t ig ab l)( t tI laI a -aI r \t b,\.I st tiN ItaaaiaatiaNa)aadent a t 14 aaraaat moiarefi(ar thtara ra -,aaaaa atilla I (( ill h i\I 1 N\~d i o4 t11 1 ct llaIII a llal \a,%,Is (al t Iltvr Low Iallatl .a ttaataa a idal titat1a7, a-rayt tika,t aem iItill, 1aaaa I 'aara alav-, \(I,, iaaaa (aaaila aaittala aaa aaaa taaill-H) t at aaaaat i aaaa I d Iltitaa. tallabed all It(vaataaat140 () taaaaa a11la I I ta I a l aalr\loaa 1% .fI t ll taa tat Iat aaa .-'I -l Nt-at aIaat tat a (0 (.1at 11-dat ha \ til att ( at aaaIt(raaaaa a t-aaa I 4ala slar oI ,at'h aat l aa a' aa tat paaaaaaa ea taaaa aaaaaaa11taattaa att la attil'a I 1 dI .jataf -\ al 1-1 a tI aaaaa I,( a alt IItar 11v~r taakattasafalla trt aaaaa ta.ttaa-rtsa id~aa S cirtataodat Ptaaaa ar it lt I c i t%it raaa \aaaattaaa raaaaaaaa at a llala ala tattt raaaaaai arat aaaI( rd Sarara t at1a4ata aattaaaa t ( IIaar taaattaaaa 0la ara tr tallIaqaaartar aat ataaai. tt(aataata thaaar maaaam tataj d ) i a a aaat,I aa aIa ta-a tat aaallaP t I aatNaaaaIai t .ar IIaI aII a t 1 fatalta il ittaX ), c t )i ,t aaaaaaat tll i. a-.,aa N taaat -I aaaaaait aa-ck I raaaaaa li p i [dofa IaaaI al i a a al-taaait S17 .alat aaaaaai, aaaa %ca im iluttSO 'Itaat attat a ar kI% ta raaa aaalto a( aa t aat I(lta-, aaaaa aaaalaaa aal ,at aaaaip aaal aaa B t i v v vx,() taa tit aaa(tat l ait tall)I aa e(,taal %( a l. Itrrtaaa am aa.1 v r 11,w ti Ai% rathica-a taa$4 17 t raaaa(at Ilit \A (.4 fraaaam a t ta-aaaaaaal fatit I ~ PHONE 376-44821 

PAGE 14

14, alligator, tuesday, april 3, 1979 inside Cameramen hover over the set at the Don Cesar Hotel (Above). Altman directs Shore and Cavett in one of HEALTH'S more whimsical scenes (Below). Shore and Cox prepare for an early morning shot (Far Left). Alt man: Method in his madness AO' Ir i/ l / / w o e t til (i -I th I. sI ) an ivh I'IPitfIPresi Itt SI Ill ttt'ttt ro It to-rit' st 't li' to III II III I e m sw p o s .Ir f I I Owh I ifnthI'l, Im.i Ii II hara ct v rI,, re e I I r I k pII III .ttm IIs om ni s. grtp Iis nd)lst bI t aII I thing Ii st ItI tta th I t T'htt's where mats if tht I Im I to bI hs I I f vx t r Is ( ) mI Im Some c( st I mi es s I I f 1 I t I thc 'rc I-\ vi pi ped with III t-irtj iIv In wI\ Il tt Itt fIi th eI Ihes htsr taki-r HEAITH tt te hrtrts. it stars isetI ttt I I taking a sitIar interest i (ntl B rrttarn ttit iet Nithlil tepldge to trs nd help the HN s\t hi llml tFl'Ir da, and \whie lt being itiatedintoHtrida 1 i'stst'st,, ri',1 \ rettI-BA ritcrAttd her-desiret Ntmeett Gs Bolt (,r-01.1111 it theI m attur lititt I t d (;Irrrr lsir( pledged $100 tach t( trIhre 1 )Id1 t 1 onI stmttg stat tt iter sAtch ng(tg (tne K'lts it ''SIrirtiIIi ll(-'haiti if Atim'ms nund, though,there's t grotip If foptte Ii I nutrsIirItI( gtitritaIkr eHEAL.IIH the last mrsit' lind mItiri state for a lung, Ig ine. Atmr sat' thit if he doeSn't t n sat ttwit htutle's going to iPll tiPopn' a$1011i1in I im st.tri ing ohmi %ktIt 'AuIthamits I thIn-t't It ri II atn SthtItls' I~u I j s ( )I I I () I I i t I)IF Fl dni Itt gtttI t ritirt g Altman tad'iIt(hs th' 'Iampa 'l mlstcrs 1 inwvrr sho()t miother f ilnmi Flmrilh \iid I'm 1,4"m1 ,> 1 nt I II If"-1 1x -q IphI It t II shI i )t Ihe rv Iifb I< I Is o th e I lmstirs'ltmn suit a id ilew .fks ago. \IttITit's tItihtwittimp Int ia tihiTeamster pas stalt \ r-A'w IItnIn, r mIi ttstIIIc gets $ 9.75 at titr intl I s git ite d t nt iltiht hr da\ lIe As( gets ti ti-arnd-a-halt ft ight S m its biI ti i ot'un tt ); tit mi triple tnie ,i tter 11 tilmIhJ I lii .tilitiit Ioi it llI ii g lilt,' tI ntes 'e ei tsr $24 a lil'.t 1 )111s'p p't hirt r lic n k(nebet ween Tam pa .trii i th I )4 (m r.plivs 241 percent ()f thf-t-r enss salary, Im \,,i(nfashk atimin.hohda% health mid w lae Buitw stan's production cmpamil tritt ws tt w'irk soMethmng iout w h the l n Teamsters Im P,,peye, stars Bn it i/tri S iit 's id hugtitint tutiueis tor,'sinli srturkt, I 1tt 11111, )I tit.h iltt(, he m h r K v ill if P() RI1.1 to ) 1akv IhI, spill b tuIp \orthif Photos by Patrick Connolly MEMNON i By Patrick Connolly Alligotor Stiff Writer I lf .it Ii t f i I l i tI'lt ti t i t ~ t 'lip"l 1I li t t Iu h\ i \\t, I itit sitgIigoI I t~ d t h I np j I ) wI I I( I,< I j nk us aiu I I It rf hi s lii1s I II I I I i t is tg t iIji its IIs ifs I i I. kf st'I I llIt vi It it sit. 1I I I < t h 0 t t tit I Stt l l 0 st St ff if it's m i nt I III I f.InI' I I I it-nI i te I tt.I 'Itt'' ih tt l gill to l s rlltttm .st~ d s itu i <iIt ll I st t' i t i i st t I sh if I It it mIIu tIn l it IIt rI m i. in g t m it spf n bb t t I I h i, t I \ I hr 2 m li II N\ N i titimh ',b Litih t f t b hurm tuit e k o ( .f-tmi "0 JPotc (o.d nrk f. t'l BI) V i 0, iu n t t -11111hw bmi, sI I If nI l l s \\ m i (A l. -, i l t j 1 .1, I l i l tis! I l 1 d c l ott. 1 .k I)i j I I u l-ttlmn / lt il H Bl~ ti I tcs t e lte (1.b 1 mIlc[ itt h till' en p t i ldelm th p hi tfm', I> gia to m o 11-F 4 tli-\ m ()t I b I o h r t I -Il. hfa (GrI, it tbnp r -I tak tslm It If ej I p fIIo c l l t 'r, I ficaa ste tht food k m ov s ca i Ii i t~ tsIli t I IA T I t 4 l .ill[ th 1i'll i l l u I I nt 1)1 i Ni #ar ( 1 1t he tu e d )I i I I Ii s p -s st 1A sel I k s Ii hV, h( 1." % 1 1 fd I \.% I Ill-[ d,\ I, .1d -, le i t it, if,1 t1 h I k , 111 1 1!1 I -enen B A M eso pa a i r a h a mu e lok g a egnma w h he w inledau h4 

PAGE 15

alligator, tuesday, opril 3, 1979, 1S IF YOU DON'T HAVE TIME TO READ THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. Read This Announcement!! COMPREHENSIVE SPEED READING COURSE FOR THE UNIVERSITY STUDENT, OR OVERWORKED PROFESSIONAL DURING THE PAST TWO YEARS AT THE UNIV OF FLORIDA FLORIDA ATLANTIC MIAMI DADE, FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL. AND THE UNIV OF MIAMI. STUDENTS WHO HAVE COMPLETED THE FULL PROGRAM REPORTED INCREASES OF UP TO TEN TIMES IN BOTH READING AND STUDY SPEED AND WITH FULL COMPREHENSION I UNLIKE MOST SPEED READING COURSES, THERE ARE NO EXTRA BOOKS, OR ADDI TONAL READING YOU LEARN TO READ FASTER IN YOUR OWN MATERIAL ANYTHING YOU CAN READ NOW YOU CAN LEARN TO READ THREE TO TEN TIMES FASTER THE COURSE ALSO INCLUDES LESSONS ON HOW TO STUDY MORE EFFICIENT LY "TEST WISENESS'' AND MANY MEMORY HINTS EACH CLASS IS FROM 2 TO 3 HOURS. ONE DAY PER WEEK WITH ONE HOUR OF HOME PRACTICE DAILY DURING THE SEVEN WEEKS USUALLY THE TUITION IS $245 00 PER STUDENT (AS COMPARED WITH THE EVELYN WOOD COURSE AT $425 DO) HOWEVER IN ORDER TO MAKE THE COURSE MORE AVAILABLE TO UNIVERSITY STUDENTS, THE TUITION WILL BE REDUCED TO $125 00 FOR THE SPRING (THIS OFFER EXPIRES APRIL 22, 1979) READING DEVELOPMENT IS FULLY GUARANTEED YOU WILL LEARN TO READ AT LEAST THREE TIMES FASTER IN YOUR BOOKS OR YOUR ENTIRE TUITION WILL BE RETURNED IF LEARNING TO READ 3 TO 10 TIMES FASTER CAN BE USEFUL TO YOU CALL READING DEVELOPMENT FOR THE CLASS SCHEDULE AS SOON AS POSSI BLE CLASSES ARE FORMING NOW EACH CLASS IS LIMITED TO 15 STUDENTS AND ALL SEATS MUST BE RESERVED MEMBER GAINESVILLE CHAMBER OF COMMERCE READING DEVELOPMENT .---,, FOR CL ASS INFORMATION 373-2944 --r--H-a--dbo-o-S SEE focuses on issues By Robort McClure Allgotor Staff Writer o sudent pohitwcA part\ seekitg to mjvct N0m11141 Inscou n to t he 1maid. o(4 f iiitid ints, is firpl ingraii riig Iifii gut ") if-d discimsionm beginning tonight iih; fir if(f the Iw fiiruim. itcerning whither the iis-siltig fcih should bf naied ifter firmer 1' Prrsidint Stephen C Y( ontfieSll v is s dtidforis ) i in Oi it Spx-N%.rd 1HoLarind ,aw Centfer Ntditormin The secmnd orim. m i'VF Fmndation "'n i South ffric. i h the sjfnv tilne and pLace stu enk for F Mhc.Ami nd i L(11.1 t\. 'A hwch ha' s %ald it i ''trkimg tol mm Otidents* ,, w lla I w(1mm 1' hut idenii k h-nt im r,1d11( Amtentions, origimalh planned aifhrd SAMSON nei By Sally Stewart Alligator Writer \n I v-r idd kd u a iilk reIi dsth J iM (INw s 4f l hbsittir, but SASMSON i 11ftIi t u IIiht T (.1h (iiut ((r it(Il ianid t hri .h 'ls' )N (siudenti ctwn "Amigeiint for I-()( or~mo minc ()pp()rtumt% Neworki \kill hake its quiatirk solh nte-ctrwcritiment Nmvt m )\ itr30 tm oinh m( aret.4 Ai phnthe fnefds (d SAMlkM)\ ',pm 1%m fd prognons and show ~aislthh tslutes A stiudeit mit mtig libout hmitadmiist rators canceling theihalluwr'i Ball is unnecessrfIbcau, ''We prtti much know where' students stand (i it.' SEE presidential tan didate 1)(mig'Tuthill sad& SFF tPart mii bil'r,%aid the activiti"center name pr h should be changed ix-a .(i O'ninell is '"racist and anti student Ncati' the center was built with student monev, the said, stints shotiilu determine the namec I" law Profeisii instni Naogan an p4iuticA science' roftsiir Rene Irmarchan arc chedulidto speak at Thursdavs ssion Nigan pruvioliIui has blasted UF ivestmen in South Africa Numerous civil rights groiip hav cili' for disci tinum g the $1 8 bill iin U S in nial investment in Siuth Africa in 1975 tuF had invested almost $1 1millini with cmii paies whwi h did buIme in Siuth Africa 3ds volunteers iodi it m I' .itih, SAMSO)N fh Imn om n'itilii'li-rgu~t tmiiuitt t' itiiittaguliu )Ii 1m 11 ICOliege camiuis in the Southeast. It 13 v'liiteer iriigrains range from assistiit iinducapped nd disabled students I working with the mental retired Smiland ('e-ntvr and bmf irwing juvemule la% SIudentsinter'tied i m wvorkig for one SAMIS IN's programshould attend ti reciItment mrtmg tonight or call tI S NM1 I Off Iii' at 3112 0329 IM kHdbook Us Lend You A Hand AJBWAWX)W I.,A 1 I A, N A AR '1$ PAA. F F FNAN -,A-, A F i fNAt' ',F AV 'ABIJ WAB AN If' 'P lAB A-. A 4 A e' ~ WPAW F A, ,, A op, TFI Pf AV ,A V F PV IAM .', -YP ,l 6 ,W>(, A ) W Y NA )NA, AT T)t AD if :FT f t A A )WfI ," AWDK I(TIONAWY Campus Shop To & Bookstore in the Hub Weekdays 8-7 Saturday 9-12 -|| | | | ||| i I iiil I 

PAGE 16

1, alligator, tuesday, april 3, 1979 Catch ablegator classifieds on Cable (Channel 6 a l ~ ato e a ss fie7:30)am. 1:30) 5:30)7:30)p FOR SALE FOR SALE A I A M o i44t 7 77 -7773777777 .7 3 '.3'A~732 1'77$7.73 7 77$37010 A i stUdents -7 I ( jfm foe f i tqAo -4h 5 i /F (M 4 t .bos 6 4 three Engaging 6 --,m 4 5 ]o I w1The ienergy21 J shorage714 "CI S 1loserA n me tha ng you think.So is the bus. Get into the mass transportation habit. THE GAINESVILLE MALL FOR RENT SPRING CLEANING SPECIAL 1/3 OFF $34731 M 0 Rft IA 7 OIC MACMI A SUPPLY c GROWTH GROUPS Now being formed STUDENT MENTAL HEALTH Spring Quorter Overcoming Shyness Social Skills Stress Management Women's Issues for more 'fbro tiori 392)117 or Rm 350 Infirrmacy 'I3m7I3 r I7 d 7 7 77 77' 373 $ 4 II'll goegeA sI-, -d $'I g 38337 77777m o'.7 '2 37' 87 3 4)7m 413 I m-d .w odb 570 mp 777T 7777 ANI V77 7 $325 777 '7 b 73 3 FOR RENT A111 I' I 7329 $32 7 ., 00 w3r 37,777 7' 0 77773 37777m7777 dd h. 372 "52 4 79 7$ 7 A '00 NW 7 P 373 77 377 74 AR ~ ~ ~ ~ 443A411n anAuP 4-) N P 3 277 377 3243 77 77 777733777773 57n 7777 73777 .57 4 ght m8k TORN APTf f!r d1FAn NewnP-11 " ." V '"'r " "" n7 7 p y7777 77777r 7n 77 m 3n .nd 3 77 u .73 3s 1 V W I'd7 P 377777 7777 773 7787 7383775b3 777I7 ., 17347773777773873s p 3I 7 FOR SALE -910 TRADE INS WEr( IVf R, T -" FRS T APE DFC.K At 78W ),e0 Al BARGAIN 8PRIfD04 '6(' -715378 1562*3.378 7 34777 7 ()NT HI F 772 1, "0 P"'" F -o" K"-'i I,->pe 3 58363 W7 RE(-HAPER 16, 375 8RA[D EIN1N WE7I 0W'. 7 J-,fR5 TAE Df( K'5Al f(( o <> I n of AWARAIN PRI(40 ( (r I Y 4% if i C KS 3/8 1 562 R3/8 'X-j 'o FOR RENT FOR RENT J .' .' ;0" 8. SubletOpt REGENCY OAKS Swimmng pool $170mo 3731376othyAl 4 tennis sauna 3bod2bo S $MM a lloey 373 1652 ofrob rto 372-24 2 (4-5b) 10 mde ,-,row hous" -In I 1rivd '1 o a fr o ndly dependable studious rocimm'Pte d '"", 4,nt nr n ,-,ted own bdirm in a 4bdrm townhouse .og7oapt% 72 50, mo + utiies pool ton 378 1 '14 4 4 h '% 'o, 3ol 375 89-3 51 3 b4b oo; 2bd,m 2both rndyw-n. opt to subleas. $290, Ap. 1 .77mm 7d7.i occupancy Unfurnshd but N v i,4.(, on%275 mo 372 1390 (A 9 5 b) 1 01377-190)J s A 4*0% p a ha17l 9 "23 o 2 004bAo 4uhe COUPON GRFAT PIZZA BUY ONE -GET ONE FREE Valid Mon. Wed. --OUPON CREEKSIDE MALL "37 8 04 7 3 4 4 j b Apf9P bieobse moster bdr for %png qt. st o md3'., optl 777fu 3hed BLACKW ELDER D's -n f o l i ]r 1 77 ),% 3 (4 5 4 b, -~de7be ,3RADIATOR SERVICE ho7 &,77ho7I7 $b ,7 77t7,71,, 3777 7f, ne7,7 Peveryfhmg qpe, "t h uhffs #forshed 77 .3 7 ,7 10-1 7$853 7 -pc3 o 77 oil37 6 41 2 0#4-t sney I and 2 bdr apt% for reni for %"-me, rd #n oil loiw 1to < )mpus pool 333777777p"7r77777. 77 377, Rodded-C/eaned-Repaired-Recored Apesi 37e) 10)( 4 6Sr) I h, 7.pf ,7"7 t 0-4. 37777373777-x7,73777377yN ew Radiators -'lb e 0)' 177 2714 f b r fo m N.88837377 bedroom COME BY FOR FREE INSPECTION ixO) h suhlome opod moy pune or lease 7o lon,7e7 $225 month col 372 51(79 offe 6;). (4 6 b) 33373 NG FOR APT? I bedroom 773 adobe n 3020 N. Main St. 372-4949 2 rdo -fl f,pt -le ree ,,, 1 -.-fhlV rerl pl o7e ((ll 39Q2 7 34 or 35733f373,to3(4335747h7 -TEP &A A present 9W/ .nner gets a KEG! FR AT or SOR. with best attendance gets a KEG! TONIGHT -Tue. 4/3/79 41SC DRINKS and DRAFT alleq U sb so 4 b 

PAGE 17

alligator, tuesday, opril 3, 1979, 17 alligator classifieds FOR RENT ROOMMATE .~ ufr o oWno dvcond qu.t ne-vlg f.,.,e o tr.,oge ,br beautifully ponoled w/picliure windows turn ml Venon op start now or mirr hru co kiotischen 001y $191/60mth sub4,4 5une $127 5Wmo + 6"p + 1l2utl oi wu r w /option for lfoil June frise coil 377-57SM (sr f ) 377-5216of945 (4-9-3-b) m rm 2.2 dwro wat .Pt( Ak $100 + 1 2.f11' 4o6obl-m -ly cal l ia 377 0501 ke"p ryng (4 3-5-0 SPRING er-m;ewaed -wn GINCL9 ent+ /01 undry/pool 'turnish edbus rtwthin mile to uf 377 801 CLEAN ING 3780 for k (4 3 5,r) SA LE'-' ----eSALE tras 72 50 1 /4ull stay tll June aornext ~s, S ~your coil ko'hy 378 45M (4 3 5 e) Savefe i atewed be 0 opornen own room A both nonsmkilif V 35l4 I /2utdil 'es call3767681 (4 35~ 10 -50 % W 111^1101Esorsdpe ldt nricrh of siodium corpot. AC, ciwn bdim, Storewide draff6ng studio yard $ Imo to mo tal John 377 7616 (4 3 5 r ) Sa ine mle rmt needed at 2/2 qtrwd apt for spring and summe. to thore with 3 studios NIusic Center 36oIp e435r) maoie nonsmoker wanted to share a 2bdem 50 5NW l3ih i 'obies home. fo, spring qti in quie, sw sew 505 NW 13thSt lon $10 per month plusl/2 utes call 373-1608(4-3 5-r) ROOMMATE Roomnwil(s) Wonted for 2bodroom Oilor Gron OV in Cin City $Oilrortmoening ront (nogotwobe) and o 4 .Col4 bl 373-5523 foeffiae mmi own bw bsoutiful Ibr furnished houeon sorority row odPbeta .house ,onlo6 4 1 4 u,4,, 1135 9h, ar 1376 3145 (4-35 ) female ocimenoton 4n bd6 2bo4h607 nw34 S 3720754,1 fully .9u1pd k1khe. 2 141 gor4g4 (.foed bockyardcotrol. r & a4t W7 O + dp,s + 1 40-1 (4 3 5 in the p~nes female criin room 2bdrm #urn 4 -s-pl 4e411494444 bt lo494 SICIPS Of door IMM OKCV pon~y pr ng a Itumme"ir q"r 372 3772 (4-3 5) slonw1ile opt o125 I14444 26od,4 swing and umm 15 q 65 per" %on++h I 2is phone 375 S656 coil offe, 6pm at6between ->omoto -onted fcr a Aid furnished full lio r ban dpl,, qui.t nw s.< $95 hall ut per MO callfred 377 0%9( Ygo4don 372 9466 li4 3 5 r R3OMAT19WANTID shar e2( 3hue w-f liberal fred slu control a, c (3 ntfe,< ed (4,,64pd $1 12 50,,'month4'2 I? +114,4 37 64364 3 5 ) 5 .36.2" '",-' Root 27 Wanted Hcve7 mer bdoom in lage 3 bodroom, opt croin bortwoom, pooi souna I I5/mo 4 1, 3.f rail Ke-ri, 379 4437 Rondy 373 8M37 14 3 S i I REITZ UNION CAFETERIA jfl2A fv4frciAG46 $2.9" 9" PIZZA MUSHROOM OR SAUSAGE PIZZA MAKE YOUR OWN SALAD & 12 oz COKE TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 4:30-7pm. The Second Annual University of Florida N T N TN ART 0CONTEsT presented by Student Government and Inter-Residence Association Categories: Black and White Photography Color Photography Graphics The contest begins May 7 and runs through May 11. To enter bring your artwork to J. Wayne Reitz Union, Rm. 325, office hours 10AM-4PM. The contest is OPEN to Everybody! There is no entry fee. Prizes: $100 dollars for each category $50 to first place $30 to second place $20 to third place There will be 12 winners in each category and all winners will receive a certificate ROOMMATE 3 40,22 C'.~~ G~2. 9.2 44~,1 14, 5l49144 ROOMMATE ROOMMATE ANNOUNCING Our NEW Campus Location! 1717 NW 1st Ave. -Behind Hardee's Plaza 1 gol :0AS3751537 i. e su2416 S.W. 34th Street 375-1531 mums mmm S iiSi.e.H, ay muuimsF 3 Wild & Crazy Geris Need Youl For Sup' Gotorwood Apt Avolble Now rthru SWpt Coil376-9690 Don v Mesotel 6000 + I164u '444 3 )4 Own room in nice house in N( W no peft V76 Wman coil 372 7362 before 10 00am or ofe45 pm (4 3 5-r) hberol roommose for hous" 6 blikz or* of corpus yord and storeroom ,591,1. I 3u,,.44 no poll 377-0277 prefer student must rient 14 l'ent paid by old roe ,now $72 +t 1'2uhis share i bdropt Of ,all o4eo 372 2417 (4 3 5 I orlut 's flyr n~sshf~ ot* $1173monuly SM2par quart, l 413773323 askfixdo I 34. mmid or 1up call 3796040 fll10 10 r)i wn room Ig 3, house $1 1250 13 utiltiescall11.evenings377 4025 (4 34') 2h-tia n F4roommate' wa3te shre2b, twnhse nonsmoker $I ]mam rent 1 '2 utiities colDbbea after 7pm 372 1750 Gad st4dprefered 4 25') 44al to sublet I bir opt' 12 b4c.k from <m pos (rmo hGol apft sw 4th ave ) 92 50 + 1 -2 furnished, cillntrol oir & hoof call cove 373 1813 (4 4 5 r) Female roommate needed for sp. turn quartets Nice op9 t 2bed 2both Hownon Village 7375/'month plus 1 4.0 Pease (all 373 5142 (4 4 5 ) ,oomett. wonted4 44vo14. mmei.atel S120/mo + 1 '2utdhtes own room and both44946 1413740U(4)445() Need'resonsibe F-nae o''o l-xurious 2bdrm'2both Soner.dge opt furnished a. -p for availa) ble m 9mMove -Api 137 5/ month call 3T7 7672 (4 4 5 , femnolo own room in 4br furn opt move in $25 00 keelpcallig 37240155 4 4 5,) mo) nonsmoking shal e 2bed 2both iI pointvires ant5147 5144443-), 1I fall I. -m i ) 3758213 #,4 t fuI d 1'hquiet we n (4 4 5 2, RoommKite -anted to shor 2 bed-m 2 both 54P54,th two other moles oa-c l4on -0 5754 144$100 erm'.4)ll1754, 1725 411,', lo4r y >, bob (4 4 5 1 1 tocin -mmie own br n4b 2both opt $85mo 4+144 131Is ovobloe mm4d.ortly poo I Tenn,% owtri nd rotblp tv ro!; 379 3395 4 fem,,,nle 'orome 3 hd house I 1es1 $75 o month Pam welcome 4 n move n light away ll 375 &34750 431-,,,20 o," 94 4oe4WontedfoeSpr in g4, 4o,nge Howo--an V-1ioge I bed I bath opt $95 o mo4n4 plus 1 2 ,4 Furnished (it NO os', 37 5184 i3 4 25' female aiommote to short" mI, bedroom n 2backd-Ibohfurnshed vllge p-r o 68 75mth +4 '4uI aval4ble now coil dB3n at 375 6672 (4 4 4 4) f.-ol. -oommat. -own b.droom in 9 bedroom furnished apartment 10mmutes fro libarywes $"o5 + 12 -ite Roommate-needed for sprng quortr cvitr rocim in 2 bdrm trader close to comnpus $SW/mo + 1/2uh-es <hwiyl 392 A814 between 9 5 (4 4 4-r ) roommole needed for "ping quarter of BRANDYWINE APTS. 2br. 2bt. porch, sounct, weiightroomri pool, CALL ANYTIME 376-9600 I need a 4mole roommate may I thru summerownmser44 roo n44c4y4 4 p4 4bout13144o + 1-/2u6 (C1137366IN14 PNI I oomn in well &I edhoum 2 blocks fromco4p1 $674,/mo+ 1/3ut61,.0 Fur nshed No lease 1016 1 2 SW 40thA,. Cl 373234(4-3 3't) $qpmole roomote to share bedroom in 2bdrm bfim w.nditsodows OP ,fullyfunshed I 4uhtlites a" for ellen 375 733 4nytime 14 5 Sit 5Mrn + 114ut big backard colt all day 373 3249 ol 3735027(4 5 5') bothapt3I6blacks from, 144pu44$57 I 4urhl-es coi 372 77% ofer 6pmn (4 5 5) 'note14441 41449411466441ShareI"%300W14OF wn roomn rent negovabils plus 1/4 voihws 464444370>493 anytimec country v4i4s. apt% (4 35S1) beautiful brandy4e opt 2br/2both $79 + 1 '4uilhlmspool & bounc4o 1olt373 25W6 2 f4444) 144n444esw anted nonsners wel summer qS 115 mo + dep + I Iut )4n*firrercall 3752324 (4 6 5 f) femle mr6 roommo $140 + shore tithiles% for I o untu in 2br 2booh fvfn apt co"pe", 2 f142o4 1p 4r444f. 373 4394(4 female nect. liberal studious to shore 2bdrm 2both trader close to <omp4 $90,mo4 + 1 21,411 p 16o ll 1chy 373 375 146 5 0) fornol. ,oomat. n.eddown ,oom ,n 2brm opt central cl/c ocrous from norman h','1'44," I ''2,hil.s 377 079 (46 5,') mole roommate wonted far seeing own 'o4omnb b.g house near royal park cinema S125o rno mrnuilers ll4u4 ph 373 5451 (4 FIE^E R(-AA fto shoi2anboth p ,ciddly apt near <amputt butler plaza $72'A ). mn441 114o144l 376 OW (4 6 5) own furn bdlim -(loon ?4 opt bilke 10min t(3 r)np4s 72 50/mo & I ) 11t3 messoe for (1817X64 4 1)444f 4 2 94it4l,, Non r inservottwo mnle to shore furnished '11, dryer HBO turn $140mo,4 $n1u1 1)35 + 1/-34u1 375 3940)(46 ) 1,14'444umer 21'2mo quarter tota 1175 S)orolo f 11o,4378 7224 914 sw 9th o, (4 6 LA MANCHA APTS ",,rn-shed 4bdem cpli single iabity pr titte bdlro fleil of townhouse color 1v maid wer -a pr43-44(WI944144 95 414914from Vf $114444 r %44149 (46 5 1) ROOMMkA TF SIN I TD Personiol ( onfidontiol r oommate referral sservcllF or a Compolibii roommnate coil 3"'*00 441144444fo66414 s w** 444 105 (4 65 () 1443-apt9I I)5,44,+ 1/2441) 14)) 377 4754 day% or 37605M aosk for rnork at leave p644i 4. 44443 341 1)r) 3447) iommate wanted to shore MR house close 414a444n44 Co4 144 9al3737 ] (44 11-3441)14,44 Carol*4 or Mi.6.73 7764 (6-6.5 r) hovae-aft wanted own reem in Ow* room house tn w eo 94 pe a ,i I /3,1/iaes col 373S7661 (454) Female Noce house good csnOw room $125, .Shre a room 5.O 1 446he 473 710 .bec( 4y9 5S-) -bwol bul saidtous feorno roommate ow room. no L.or de , I o -c Pus 85 O + 1/2totses 37895 49 (I ha. dog) (49 5) ow ,4n Xm v, 2 apt o b aed w *. ky-s-met lse to-amps oilth.i u444 499 100 46mk plus1 /3vhes 373-25#*fftolofonfrx wnsd imelee 2bdrm 7 oh.wl n isorweo ap, M'Sor 5644* &4A. 972 25446/4v(t.hes Coll4 373 7412 (4-64) own4f546-4444 14 s4o4,44 Sw area64444 NPe to see to approote Conwenwents shoppe, low ,chol, F IGrn + 372 431)1D49 5 r) DON'T BE CHICKEN! GIVE BLOOD! 378-8818 3twm 69At9 Cas e U M t of N 1Se tSCUS100 %1 BUCK mRORS 'n Th4125thConlury (T S5: 590 11. 111 EVERY WHICH WAY BUT LOOSE CALIFORNIA SUITE ((65 s:49). e: s MIDNIGHT EXPRESS -YOU DON'T STOt IT YOUJ'LL GO BLINi $4tL 54). 815 

PAGE 18

18. alligator, tuesday, april 3, 1979 aigatorc lassifie Catch cablegator classifieds on Cable channel 6 7:30 am., 1:30, 530, 7:30 pm. ROOMMATE r oom n n o beduo-r onhu -go Comnpus w Ith o/ f and otr^*f fl,),0n0 373 1016 (4 6 4 r ) Gabe Kaplan F S FASTBREAK r e 1OuI who 7:559:551 ,S.org. C. Scott In HARDCORE HELD-OVER LAST NIGHT X-RATED DOUBLE FEATURE 7:45 -yond the Vo/ley of the Dolls" warring: ALL-GIRL ROCK TRIO 10:00 'Myro Breck inridge Starring Raquel Welch -West, Rex Reed 3oth Shows Only $2.75 FREE O INSURANCE Facts & Rates (at is PIP only? ot is L iabi ity Aays to $ove How much? viersity Insurance ,W 13th St .(S441) 7:00 Open Sat. 3T H ROOMMATE F AI ROOrAWAA I 1r -1A tRWOOX oD AVALAf,_Now' 1AVro2t-Ih, 0 51 5 rrr 12 i, I 4 1 5e. WANTED W n byD'mnd ndGld 1op 'ASH by, r (-28 1 .d.2'g< 7,, 1mn,, 0"wZm P, 37""".914 33 0A 8 72908 I 4.3w1 S 3739 20! (A14 -Apl.,r,pi tra ~ mns -37 5 4X0(3 HELP WANTED JewHCYElR tSESI All f en all I.D9.::A 2112 0" '0 .b .(3 3 2 !!m 8 75 1 18 (1t m (0 1 19 A -y.1 -1130fl." 9bl 31'-d"'o. po ( 3 ,3 3( 2Z2,0 00,* 21 43 9 9:33 39923 4599 375 723 '.r 375 5517) (3045 ) TEA C H O ER11 5 A .....o ev l F r d 1od. 1 nd A11d1.1d-1 a pe lng A,,goCA 9 112 1 e CA 9 k -1 3) 9 rug 4.-,, IM 373 9839P A 4o o uchss I. WI-5 1S .1wf A,( 19 ,d --SS ,bl. -11 37 6 6,4l, 2p N8 ,e bd 3M u8 .-. Pbn g 37 24 ,35 571465g PERSONAL rnt sh olhonme % holdng freod o rk shops on n.< lof energy I -so .o (a? 3 m3w u ,f 2 17 10. n 9o desii f-o2 im,(w 'l .2 1635 (4 4 2 13 '"''91 98)30 ,3(18. 8,188 '.' '19 1I. 1 quoff e81'.'.ITY RU!SH s3g, ,p no8 3rd o r i 9 'w.ye rait union (4 6 A LOST& FOUND ,00%30er 63VI 93803 10-, ((833 .022 74 4 3 ) 1430 3737999 lost3Union 8of.e'.Io A 2 79 AM I<oo Plost i PPer pOg of ussred drawing equipment, ploo"I arll Donny 37609 .ve.s0og. FOUNU BIKE or, 3 16 must dqw,.be to r lom t oll 377 39M2 o&Ir fc Dionne ke"p fying (4 64 1) LOST n w roqu3tbo0 croquet brown moxgnum ek flon wieth while ond yellow glo"e or ound tennis c courts reword offefed 373W747 plocne keep 1,y og eff (4 5 5 I) SERVICES A UTOS 194 128.,,,om cio' h r p. 210'.'.r 8 lo, s ,nJcish %29W 372 9466 )Si tfor m (3 '.* (40 5 gy 72 Honda 6W )Sedan nofit*% & Muffler 42 99 (339700t.350 'l (,,y 87281 13 olve, 5 (X) (4 6 5 U ) PERSONAL Sonoo the SuvianntpisRever next weekend 3d. 1s03'u.'n. .County (noo 0.8 $4 50 from P0 Box 5822 '"oosoo Fkio 159 I t019909.80llthe fornot.on you -& --roo-otw-' lfo f-i n-o-p,,r, IV 1) ( on.oothe S.-annae W-Rpo ,lnea eekxnd Order S(JWANP*F CCKUNTY (Conoo godo $4 50 from P 0 Box %822 Sarassota F io 33579 14 9 19 1) The peatr Union 504W o ndl Style Shop fotlps sevn of flotdoIA bell styiss wash and *.o, style fo, .n and w(o5(. ood the finest ,n oa byofom Jh-,-mxk Rdken and Ro0le. CallN 32 1610 for (3 roppointmirent at stop by Mon tfru 5Sot amino pan $3 a qIrefll<J4 6 1, 1) uf wodo koi kcirate free intart.chon for art spot, find self defense spettal beginning claxites on comnpus since 1975 coil mike a't 375 3602 (.w 373 0475. c huc% at 375 S910 (4 PASVMR SfD.RS Wed Ape I I und Thv s A'p 12Paideso ,on"tons due by I s, Ap13 i'm9ed spo3H,011e 16 n18i t 372 2%.' (4 3 7 1) f .< s o rPrAbIems Removeod re'Ed mund D[wyer Registered flectrologtitt 25yrs Tral Trooolmont 372 9039 1 W N W 2,-d Avoo (6 1 1 """ Hw0,13l('of styles Chit .IW'I103 H112 PORT108 ED TINORUMI.WR TN" oll 311 1 tX)ifl 5 00 A 1 1m %ANL5ON DAY(A~i p rmfted% o Ffwe Pregnvoncy sig oborion counseling th. onftol qubf.3ed physA.ons 372 3099 377 4947 (6 1 49 mn 8nd 009. h .to mod.um 495 283( ',CUBA tE55ONiS PADI NAUI international 'on w aer, e,3,,lollon, 5 open w er die oplhnoWetPolm trp. ircoonol enjoyable r losses begin 3 26 79 or 4 11 79 ( ()I Todoy Woterworld Dive Center 377 2822 4 11 13 m) ( vonq Nhu Karate Health Center now beginning losses, morning, afternoon. evening sessions ovoiloble. D NNgo Dong directo register Alicrch 26April 13 $18 monthly tuition 9D9 W Unv or Coil 378 4172 (4 13 14 m) MOVING? Need Help? Give me a col I've got the TRUCK Locol Short dislonce Reasona ble'. t .%Col. TOM 3789957394 (roe koroe classes cuong nhv koroef cl3b8 .n3,es mw5 3 0 -7 00 on ntro to cuong nhu style and philosophy (4-1313 m) Overcrowded parking lots and congested roads in the afternoon. There is an easier way: the bus. For the price of a phone call, you can get most anywhere in the city. And there's never a parking problem when you take the bus. U JW SERVICES Astrology by Dkk 3Jo 372-6058 Professional analysis of your personal horoscope future trends. compatiblity, reocation, vocational nfo (4-44 m) S-niors'ookingfo"--isoh, 'onsLo to the non public independent schools Re9'ste' now for 79-890d9kmor3sso po box 2914g W8nter Haven, Fl3. 868813-324-4812 (4-605 m) WE RENT Camping Geor Try our weekender special 4 mon sent, 4 cots, 4 choirs, stove, (on.8.3.coole.r, 3days$ 525 Warr.n R.ntal 375 54& (46-5m) RECORDING CHEAP Specso I Rotes n Apri I TRUTH ROOM373-1905(4-27-20-m) Horse boardmng-Complimiiii core $75 per month broodmore core $125 Cll Kthy 372 9565 6 9 399303m 9 3981 30pm (4-5 M) HYPNOSIS helps people ttin gols by aiding any men99 l physicalabi lity. studying/ confidence/othlotics. Don Pro"t, D.retor 373-3059 (6 149-m> TYPING 1219 W Univers.y Avenue (On*9block from Cmp%) 376-9353 Is It worth ilt?. Get into the mass transportation habit. Presented asa pubb 3servc e of the Allgator 'f i 

PAGE 19

allgator, tuesday, april 3, 1979, 19 sports Lane leads UF to tourey win over state foes By Kathy Vacca Alligator Writer Outfielder and wer hitter Terri .n l-ed lih 1l ( ;,01f soIftball team to its first champi(ni sip at th F sit s s Sirth Florida Invitatiorial during hfirwsikid Defeating Florida Internatiial Umvirsi tSs 7 .rilas morning, three UF batters hit 1.000 Hightfrler IDebi Rasi, second base player lori Cam( lraiigidiian riIfd I -l ll t three for three. L water that das, the L S( atrrs siir/ifed bs pris\us sIr indefeated UniVersrts i( Cent rai lIsda 0 2) asi d Melanie Dunn bat ted .6Ii6 Dinn, a first-year piler fromusvs l BiIufhol/ High Srhiinl said of the wini It was the first game N season we've real been up for It felt reals g vx t(rno brt themn after the beat us I 4-1 '' Hazel Fuller's pitching was mnrrlentless hnirgouii th tournament, especially as the Iadv (;ators (wat st ate (hanps Florida State Uiiversits 4-1. LFirr batters (it .600 rir better lane riwent three for foir including a fimi run m tritrip'c. kothy vocco LADY GATOR TERRI LANE CONNECTS AGAINST FSU .L.Lone went three-four to lead UF to victory S-iti-r Ai igie N iih 75) l .v it I n-l d a d ('I'M" igiri rai h t 6t'66 lit the (A i fs> 'SI' sli bs I( 1 ItI it fI ia 'si it r r i Io ri t isod I I a 'rit I r r th Il et 1i 6 ) I rI to ir u it a ,i( al w im, I' remw d all (1,ubt istouth lit1, ni(s s, A l thi ip[sI(Iir s l'SF 'aifgrur-, .o lsI ( -trI ( thI.-I \ lt ,hmisIi ns 102 \ir liit 7 0aiiIslih r i t ) I ilarr I. i hit i I f I .Is I i I 1 1 l)Ist I ii I r' I i 'III()i iri I ug' it in I %(. I t (II r 1 II I Ii' I i .i i -u I -I I ,I t i lIh 14 .I I.It p I nI \f -N h hIt il l I hol n rim The 1-oh(;at~us 2 n w 'lr-rThe six gains' s i us i i ginsiss Sir-issn I isis rsts mi Ielnd Lady Gators victorious in dark and dampened Texas tournament By Don McMullen Alligator Staff Writer The Lad Gator r[etters must har a gii cas i ughrt Despite never having practiced or rln i-underi ght ti Year, the women netters won on total piinIts n lothI\isi Durmn I and Division 11 at the Texas In \ it ioial 'I rri -iiin st i I Austin during theweekend. Head women's tennis coach/ Brotiughtin s.d it irmind for three lays i Austin forcing most of th limatche s Inn played at night. The tournament attracted 31 universit es from nacrnns th sothi r(nisiritas I hkc 'Irits ('rulIngo .m Snir t rnil \t uI Ix uruIIsi II Ii-,r mu gi -.ht -Of, -. m ien it ivi rs nplcn is ) It w\.as ithe largest tomnamentns r r th Iismi n iittrri s frasec r 1,sidwifi\&itI 4 w04 ifit-itnr t I)i irNiit lsia rd m 2id I r w muel I iII Dt is is l hii1 tt L I mIinas hI unied thri pmiits fr snigles .l1 d billiis s i w r(to -s. ioN tl usmutis d t irinm ni sthi 4 Il sA r uIi mII (1s h e(ims Broilghto i ti s d O if f impf-tit iin -i t thi 'l-s st ininirirriti 11's iil ir th s'w mnriuni niettir's ''t u r rirt tuIighli HiT s i iatsfh-s agamist larglnr I irllrgi tir i ii I ( ins fit r rsIts (:urts aI Thursdfas ugrIurstFI i nIa st IIttIII-ort rt 211:00 p -m also i i tfi-h \ rists (1 r I s li II I sIs) 11111 I .( -wI rr sun). iths r si( w rIbmI I sI itgl-s rI illpuble 1m titrl l 4 ni .iSmid ill Di-isi 11 ( Inll(t),I63 1)4 nllts Ju u Irirmansru. J iriIPrussls ,Iene F dla i 1) m I gt the In I fir thr si In-s (Pnrtmrn and (iressles si-rith number onedl e tits uleiF rnicdlan 1"1d D"miia" t'amed f or ill(-wmd doumbit rtman1 i I, their ik I fr i (s(itr to mA it thrrish tht thI i ti\A. s a s, 2 m1 tI Is I rt se 1i Ii rtmI I siII ', Ii fIir r nir Ift If. [1t 4 1\sis I n II I t Ii i t Iu I (1 I1IV fitrir1 s. rf (sr1Vli i l il22 ii q P ') rII( icth Ikr)tiriu u l s i-r i Pt m1h n .s musrdn w Irsird l II m nII I I rI hIII sI Inb l lm .h I i I)" gu rtrs Jeep tbjecbja ige. alligator i ole GATOR LOAN FUND presents: HER E IT IS! Now thru SAT TONIGHT April 7 at ROTC Field 5:00 pm -11:00pm RIDES AND GAMES FUN FOR EVERYONE 

PAGE 20

2. alligator, tuesday, april 3, 1979 snorts briefs Gators playtwotonight The t+ haeball arm nhad to Birn Ingham for two garn i at Sanford Mfl-moinal Stad im.lii.23-6 (I.itor% fae Nicholls Niatv it 3 p In. Nfore meting thfe MiamiArml A iinor leagiie tan mIn a newI (ls \AA in addition, two ftnrer, nn are otit il Juries. ( atcher Marc Stillivan i oti for six t, night wtek after suffering a CMn1oundf irn< rurn (f the rightIndlex finger Sulls wasiA pI red Sunda.i a tn a V hIa it th, pLit Against thenI tivrsri t nT nnv.s-e ( tithelder b finl I ii-t-iffnlein i mnI,, i n in ill bnmncd rib% vvk idf i iiu pt-d mt I T m hwdcr i -.t ns -i tnm ,iirn,w w the t w <i h I pop fl List vw,-k w-iiisr th III-I mIvru i d o Kuntu k, Karateteam wins honors \ II, m n h r, i lt-nIl( tin i~ Karat I iam ha ti n tu n atnninn i n r at a tournament mn \t bin ie I4.thi <i, n 1, COrnpetitors In, rsont. didaiu a muipr inh pst iit" dhng. I(fach (: I .'m ( .a iughv .d s,1Ip-n inghIt 111,1g I WI b Iw b ItI behlnItmI \1 ( alghc% \was sV('111d 1m1kaila i (1h)m th I[ mln,"n f -inIt, nnI w tmv 11, J) I i \ I wlacdn-th 0 m lie ni inn-htw I h K ibIii rii mmi nu gu-u-,tit, I I-mini )411 f 1% Ski team places second linhi-E mn s skn u-n pnit-ni It nual A i ntnh it i i w <ph I rdthrhn n un i d th tl 4 1sk tvam lto i a -i fil d phk t Ilw h mIItillI' Il s I toll-ur illment t I -Ikv a% m gr, i,,f wNcckfld fii t-lit NA lt( h it"> 7 1( II t I)m Th o r Hancock pads fund irer ( atr gtoler Phl I if ncock wotn 1 000 (r the I + Volf O %fil f d StillI v r I a g e i(,,a ii I i nii flHru-mnlad uti S S k 11 dri,. m.nno-dn twtnlui from th 11) mlf -nn11111l tilut f tn it I l l' Am1111.1 _i t 1w t t I ii -< f r II ItI1 .* II .t I I I -) I -I i -II n1 I If S I IrI I(m a Ruggers face Bucknell I lI I. i lt m it ls n, nun ni" I liti Inoill hi i,1 m a o o g ta at \(,mInT1. l l Ihr Im~ggersif-cf-nth (<iptill-d tiff100h1 n na in itimad Bin i m iI it i n Rams owner drowns Si\\ i1 fiii -S i i t P1 I m~imI "0114'id m he uiln ctiIer un e tn-IImun-tln noHShi m iifn-t i I ( n f l-f I-d illSill\., ifil nnnnnnn li)ciiWmmli-ti ut-okglm fnn.,ia-n 11111 (,11111V Ah t k w Irohw (h i ,fw d.t IA'i qmksn nil ltn v,,t mn g ng a li \ fill .im r'imn ('14,n m. b ,IllI f. il I ( hi \ I it I I i ~ ll,% i give a damn. Orientation and Recruitment Tuesday, April 3rd 7:30pm Carlton Auditorium For more information call 392-1608 NEED H R IDE' LOL Sooner or later they'll gcet YDU! The University Police Department is authorized to tow cars into its compound for: 1. Outstanding tickets that have never been paid or appealed. 2. Violations occurring in Tow-Away Zones and expecially handicapped spaces 3. Driving or parking on campus during a suspension period You may think you are getting away with a few tickets, but don't be surprised if you see your car rolling up the street. Come down to our office and pay or appeal your ticket. NOTE: Towing can occur anytime of the day or night. Don't get taken for a ride! The Student Traffic Court I I 
