
PAGE 1

he inde pendent lorida0 april 2,1980 volume 73, no. 104 Pubbvpd L C sm sus Communicot ons, Inc. Gmesv lle, Not offico1y associate wih the Univetrity of Flordo lottery to determine dorm contracts lay Mallin gator Staff Writer F stulentsxwho want to live on campus tear will have to win the right to do so dormitory lottery April 9, UF Housing -ctor James Grimm announced Tuesday. rimr sid housing officials have receivapproximatel\ 3,200 requests from ents silho sant to stay on campus next -, but onl hae room for 2,600. sing a lottery to eliminate prospective on dwsellers should mean only 300 ents will be living in temporary triples next fall, compared to 800 at the start of this year, Grimm said. Honors housing in East Hall and Yulee, along with the three co-ops, will be exempt from the lottery, Grimm said. Handicapped students also will be exempt. Inter-Residence Hall Association President Maureen Morehouse said the lottery is unfortunate but necessary. "The chances are that someone who really needs to stay in housing won't be able to," she said. "Still, it's more important for freshmen to be able to live on campus than upperclassmen. "Grimm said the lottery will be conducted by putting people who requested housing in order by the last four digits of their social security numbers, then dividing them into blocks of 100. If two people request each other as roommates, housing officials will use the higher social security number of the two for both ofi them. On lottery lay in Broward Hall, 26 blocks of 100 will be chosen as lottery "winners." Morehouse said IRHA worked with housing officials to design the lottery in an attempt to avoid problems encountered when the system was last used two years ago. Rinimmates then were not put into the lottery together so both were required to win. One thousand three hundred of the students who did win eventually decided not to live in housing, Grimm said. In an attempt to prevent similar problems this year, Grimm required students requesting housing to also send a $100 deposit, $25 of which housing will keep if a student wins a space but doesn't use it. "I think we minimized the number of people shopping around with this," Grimm said. Frat Row Over 15 organizations and fraternities participated in "Gator Splash," a money raising project to benefit the Special Olympics program. Alpha Tau Omega fraternity rows vigorously on Hume Field pond (left). A $10 fee paid for contestants' entry and trophies for the winners were donated by the Special Olympics program. Aoney to pay for rising energy bills eing siphoned from education funds By Donna Wares Alligutor Stuff Writer As the State University System energy deficit soars past the 12 million mark, university administrators are being forced ts siphon more and more money away from education to keep air onditioners running and light bulbs burning. istbnev earmarked for much needed equipment purchases is being diverted to pay for the rising costs of OPEC oil and nuclear plant shutdowns. So is mnused salary money which could be used to hire toransI better professors. Excess fee money -once in the hasts of students -also could become a victim of the grsowig energy squeeze. -shoutimued inflation is obviously taking funds away that shold i>e usei for education," said University System Vice lisancellor Steve McArthur. "(The extent sif) the energy problem is a hard question to answer." at UF, the energy situation is probably bleaker than firssr sing scenario faced by the other eight state rn tie it Roiw U's ls'niiirii sin the Crystal River -Nwrle'ar power plant -which has been shutdown until June -has hiked the energy deficit to an estimated $790,000, and the amount is still climbing. "I wouldn't be surprised if it reached a million dollars," said UF Executive Vice President John Nattress. "We most certainly expected an increase (in energy costs), and we expected conservation measures to show some energy saving, but we didn't expect the cost to increase so much." Nattress said UF's deficit will be paid friom equipment and salary savings funds since expense money has already been used. "We also hope to be able to use excess fee money (money accumulated from UF's high fall enrollment), but we haven't gotten approval from the Regents yet," Nattress said Nattress said he did not think UF would be able to squeeze any more utility money from the Florida Legislature this Year but said he expected additional money would be allocated for 1980-81. Despite an estimated .15 percent energ consumption reduction systemwide in 1979, Board of Regents officials have already asked for a $4,648,000 energy adjustment to next rear's $ 17 mifflion unirersitr utility allocation. But the customary one-quarter share of the itifits allocation that UF usually receives might not be enough to cover its spiraling deficit -which amounts to one-third of the entire university system deficit, UF officials are implementing more stringent conservation measures to combat not only the temporary loss of nuclear power, but the inefficient energy use by many decrepit buildings on campus. "The older buildings are very expensive to upkeep. It is one of our biggest problems," Nattress said. "We haven't done very much -we don't have the money to do it." New energy plans at the state's oldest and largest university include reducing employee lunch hours to 30 minutes this spring and possibly starting classes a half-hour earlier summer quarter. Both measures are designed to cut air conditioning use earlier during the hottest afternoon hours. But UF is not the only school attempting to employ innovative conservation measures. Officials at the University of Central Florida in Orlando said they plan to test a pilot four-day school week this summer. UCF administrators said they expect the four-day week will save about $30,000 in utility costs and $150,000 in unused gasoline. The University of North Florida also has See"nergy page seven 

PAGE 2

2. of4igoior, wednesdacy, april 2, 198) Carter, Reagan win f irst Kansas primary fy Cy F. Rkos*rds UPI Poltco Woler MILM AJKEE L-PJ -residentt Carter and Ronald Ragan w or he first Kansas Presidentia Priman\ eoe -eid Tuesqas and tixA it' kbed like v. rrers as jr, i V iscorisms .ereratde pr:rran Carter had o p the Kansa Democrate contest and Reagar, capturt-d th GOP te-ST before the Wkconsmar pols es en closed The result enioed Sen Eidn ard Kenids -, ictor. sring at two -e o arid Co reicuri ast A-,* -arid Ieft Go. Edmurd Brrwn Cr, farther out m the cuId Pi also wias mor-e tad news for GeorgBus w tA ic ran ot-hrd .-p 'n Aersorn Karsas and -. as irexpe-cd to do etp-.r in B iscoimr 'orn )i' D-noc ra s~c* mn Vlsosmr *rnn apg 'ing o>f Brow n arid K nr ghtha.,eheld tha't i' *iSi' L'ra mtha as of ( -'T w, o a,'n rof d.i't-ic' 4 34 2 0 3 B1r. 4 49S 32 croersor. 3 74L 27 Thespercentage' wooid gie Carter 44 Oj-legates Kerini4. 30 Brow. n I On the rG)P sai w would mear 2 delegates for 'again arid 3 each for Bush arid Anderson In Kansas. with 52 percent of the precincts counted Carter had 52.792 or 56 percent to Kenned, s 30.371 or 32 percent. and Brown ,Ath 4612 or 5 percent On the GOP side. Reagan had S9 4A~7(or 40 percentt to 'sricersrs 27.557 or j9 percent and Bush's 1 9 690 or 1 4 percent ThiswouId mean Carter .iris 23 dele-gate-s Kenned' 1 4 Or the GOP side. Reagan Acmuid get 19 Anderson and Bush 4 CBS-Sv. )orrk Times pollsters said their samphng of cters showed Carter and Reagan v. would be the Ainners r \i consit and ALBC protected a big Carter icitor\ on the basis 4f sample premcint returns State Democ ratic c hairman Ioseph Chiec ota pnedIct-d a sigrficant wk ir for Cartr -BC projected Reagan bo los' margin ri 'Aiscorsin The president and the formeCalifornia g Os ernor were fa ored m! bth tStatas but there romairied rer ousness to the end ties auie of th' general. shai. record of preprima r.pobiing this ed-r and bec aus of the nesrWnAss of the Kdsa ortest arid Vi ec-irsir 5 orig ri-cord of upsecOn the Democrats side 75 delego were at stake I 'iscorisir arid 37 i KansaThere were 34 Repubicban delegates ri Visconsiri and 32 iKansas Carter. %% ith 777 delegates. wAas 56 short of the half as mark of I 66f6 needed for the nomination Kenned' had 405 5 delegates and Brown oone In the GOP delegate contest. Reagan had 350 -wAith 99S needed to nominate Bush had () and Anderson 45 FREE POST OFFICE 9OX 3)Day Tnoriof, Let us deliver your mail free for 30 days at no obligation to you. If you like our service your cost is $15.00 per quarter. And you have your mail by 9 AM. (Everyday except Sunday).Thb 0gr H tind-to the firt 350 Duxe& THE LETTRBOX Apply Alachua City Printing sm. v Printing QUAL ITY COPIES ooooMLayout MONDAY-FRIDAY v Flyers 9:30-5:00 Each i Ef ES 8I 2 x ii NW 16TH AVE 20* White N Yitstu tiom (,iaranteed Ixjit'% 430/80 A N ~ GATOR COPY CENTERI 1204 NW 13th St. Suite 20 /it Th, Commriial Credit Bldg UNIVERSITY AVE 372-9642 couponVI Three days left in SG qualifying V itI irede i .remaining until the readtonr:: 4 ,arnddates base quaIified r 'Ai pr I YTud'it Griserrimerit SG, E, om Super. isor Rard. Drake said T jsrada. tta' hee-ted qu a miing to pickup as the 5 p m. Friday\ deadline approach hes Students S gME for one of the 70 positions up for grabs must register in Room 331 of the J I a, re Reitz Urion rr ll cari(dlates must be full time students. has e at least a 2( )GP-% and cannot be on academic pro)ation $1,600 in science books stolen During a tw owk period more than 600 wi.korrh of textbooks where stolen frim Bartram Hall L. niersits Police Department r ords irdicat From Frjda, March 14. to Thursda,. March 27 about 100 biolog" .chemistn and zoologs books were stolen from professor arid graduate student off ices,. reports show PD reports no signs of forced entr-. but graduate students Diane Kowsing and Richard Kilte said their offices w ere locked at the times of the robberies On Frida%. March 21. a % oung man with long. blond hair and caning an empt% green sack was wandering through Bartram Hall and was reported to police b% secretaries. but no arrests Aere made. Man passes bad foreign checks Ain unidentified man has been ripping off GaiesdIe merchants with $50 Canadian traveler's checks that are made out for French francs. Gairness ille police report. The exchange rate for the Canadian checks for francs is not one to one and a $50 check is onls worth $10.85. The man purchases items for less than $50 and receises change. Police hase warned local merchants to Ionk closely at traveler's checks from Canada. Checks made out for French francs look much the same as checks made out for Canadian dollars. Tsamo. Tosadas. EnCherotdo. SurrftoS Surrito Supremis. FrijoWe. Bellbeetes U a mWU. v. Taco Tostada,B burrito ALL FOR $ 1 e49low tax a Good 4/2 and 4/3 Only ALL00FORg$1.49 (PhV.teq) M 6.3. U 

PAGE 3

U PMr. K1aman FAST, FREE DELIVERY 376-2487 1710 SW 13th ST. WEDNESDAY 2 + 2 SPECIAL Double Crust (Choice of) 2 FREE Cokes or 2 FREE Beers Sun.-Thurs. 11:WAM-1AM (Domestic Only) Fri. & Sat. 11:0WAM-2AM (Offer Good Upon Request Only) The Board of College Councils And Cable Radio Pipeline Presents: 0 00.0 : *. :: .: *0. *eee* *. % **0 *. **. For The Gator Loan Fund Tonight is Greek Night Wear Your Greek T-Shirt For Special Discounts Location: ROTC Field Dates: March 31-April 5 Gates Open Tonight 5:00pm Open UntilI 11:00pm UF ACADEMIC AFFAIRS VICE PRESIDENT ROBERT BRYAN bob self ..a.argues meetings should be left closed UF committee meeting halted until Sunshine Law case tried By Jay Mallin the committee should be closed. The commitalligator Staff Writer tee is ready to begin evaluating the canA circuit judge ordered the UP law school didates," Bieber said. "We believe that the dean search committee Tuesday not to meet threat of injury is real and immediate." in secretuntil a Government in the Sunshine Brown argued temporary injunctions are law suit against UF is settled. "extraordinary" measures not called for by Circuit judge R.A. "Buzzy" Green agreed the threat of closed meetings. with attorney Sandra Biebec's argument that He also argued there is little chance the final decision will go against UF, telling "irreparable injury would occur to the Green "There is no substantive threat that public's right to know" if the committee is the plaintiff (Julin and the publications) will allowed to meet privately while the suit is beprevail." ing tried. Bieber questioned several witnesses, inThe suit charges UF President Robert cludingsBryan, who testified he ordered thr Marston and law schsosl dean search and meetings closed and Baldwin, who said he screen committee Chairman Fletcher has not yet scheduled any closed meetings. Baldwin with violating the Sunshine Law. Alligator News Editor Barry Klein, who was The suit was filed by Terri Wood, editor of arrested two years ago when he attempted te the law school publication The Verdict, law attend a meeting of a search committee that student Tom Jun, and Campus Comeventually chose Charles Sidman as dean of munications Inc., publishers of The the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences. Alligator, also testified. Julin and editors of the two publications Green said after the hearing that ths filed the suit after UF Academic Affairs Vice "ultimate test (in determining his decision) is President Robert Bryan ordered the search whether the Sunshine Law applies." committee to close its doors to the press and public when it evaluates dean candidates. The three argue that UF's policy of allowing closed-door committee meetings violates Florida's Sunshine Law.The law, states, "All meetings of any board or commission oflany state agency ...at which official actions are to be taken are declared public meetings, open to the public at all times." UF Associate Attorney Ashumn Brown, speaking at the hearing, countered that previous Sunshine Law cases show the law does not apply to state universities. Brown also argued that the law exempts personnel matters from public scrutiny, saying that universities "must hold personnel information confidential." Attorneys for both sides will argue before Circuit Judge Benjamin M. Tench in a hearing later this month on a permanent injunction. The temporary injunction prohibits closed search committee meetings only until Tench rules on Bieber's arguments that search committee meetings should be open to the public. Bieber argued thst there would be irreparable harm" to the public's right to know how public business is conducted if the bob self temporary injunction was denied. "The vice president (Academic Affairs JUDGE R.A. "BUZZY" GREEN Vice President Robert Bryan)_has indicated upheld public's'right to know' "LOW COST AUTO INSURANCE' NO-FAULT INSURANCE'(P 1.P.o.s/lowus $a Mrnimum coverage required byLAWa nd to BUYTAGS. Low Rates For Students & Young Drivers yr. .L abt y sFire 'Theft 1Cors.Moorcycles ''NoF601 C'lsion .SR 2s lo w o n Poyssen jsek ts h ( # 6m .603 N W 373'355 AMERICAN AUO INSURANCE I, 

PAGE 4

4. alligator, wednesday, april 2, 1980 worldwide Iran may transfer American hostages President A bolhassan BaniSadr said Tuesdas Iran's Revolutionars Council had agreed conditionallto take custody of the S0 American hostages uuntil the new parliament meets in about two months to decide their fate. President Carter welcomed the 0os e and deferred imposing nesw sanctions aga inst Iran. But hours later. Bani-Sadr released a tough new% statement through a spokesman saying Carter's opinion as 'not imporant Egypt becomes shah's new home C H(). E() PT -The lethroned Shah of Iran began setthrim into permanent exile in EIs pt Tuesdas He's recoseririg ver nwcel\ .he feels fine and he wants to begin wSorking.' said a senior aide to Mohammed Reza Pahlasi. Kuwait: less oil; Iran: higher price Kuvait slashed its oil production b\ 25 percent Tuesda% and Iran raised the price of its best quality crude b\ $2.50 to $33.50 a barrel. but U.S. analysts said a new. round of OPEC price increases appeared unlikel\ 11 I Depositions ordered in trial of 5 ex-cops TAMPA -Dade Counts Circuit Judge Lenore Nesbitt ordered the taking of a deposition bs defense attorneys of a kes witness in the trial of fiise former Dade Counts policemen accused of Killing a black man. Judge Nesbitt also ordered the deposition of William Hanlon sealed until either a jur% is seated and sequestered or he has test ified and been cross-examined. Hanlon sas one of six white former policemen accused in the beating death of black insurance executive Arthur McDuffie of Miami in December and then trs ing to coer it up. Cyanide threat hopefully is-ended SAN DIEGO -Police, cautiousl% predicting "the present threat is oser." said Tuesday these had received no new communications from a supermarket extortionist who put enough cyanide in pickles and teriyaki sauce to kill six crow n men. Gunfire, bombs hit El Salvador capital SA N SA L VA D OR. E L SALVADOR -Sixteen bomb explosions and sporadic gunfire ripped through San Salador Tueslas and the government sent troop reinforcements into the streets in anticipation of nes violence on the 10th annisersar of the nation's leading leftist guer rilla group. Residents in the fashionable Escalon district in the northwest of the capital said at least 16 bombs exploded and small-arms gunfire rang out intermittent during darkness late Nionda\ and earl Tuesda\ Chase Manhattan adds to lending rate NEW YORK -Chase Man hattan bank Tuesdas raised its prime lending rate to a record 19 3 4 percent. continuing the leap-frog hikes in the interest rate banks charge their best customers for short-term loans. Anal\ sts predict the prime soon ill reach 20 percent before retreating. The prime interest rate has increased I I times since Januar\ -. Weather Partls clouds with a chance of showers todas. Highs are expected to be in the mid-80s (29-30) and a low in the high 50s (1 1-13). NYC trail NEW YORK -Stockbrokers put on roller skates, paramedics straddled mopeds and at least one Manhattan matron borrowed her offspring's skateboard Tuesday to battle the most extensive transit strike in the nation's largest city. The pain of the first day of no subwa s, buses or Long Island isit halts rail road varied depending on who was going where For most full-time New Yorkers, the first day of the strike was something of a lark. Crowds of work-bound pedestrians and cyclists made their way through Central Park at a pace leisurely enough to savor the fine spring day. A W. Meek* TACKLES THE MOST TANTALIZING QUESTION OF THE AGES Aftrre Del ilustrated Program Wednesday, April 2nd Holiday Inn -University Central 8:W0 P.M. Admission $4.W0Tkets a t te doo Meek's new book with the above title will be on sale after the program CRMCS IN 6 COUNTRIES SAY: Bnlliant" -Superb" ."A Classic" -"Required reading" Taps highest levels of creatrvity & consciousness "A Marrage of Religion & Science. Metascx"Loeyory A,*KVOf cii-A ~E'-4diMA 1(1 SCtN4Cf fI .and h PROcESS MET~SCIENCE -426\ Contact Hoctown Granary at 1124 West Univksity Avenue for books and more information -\ 

PAGE 5

_ rwaanesaayapritt e o AMEN'S AQLLTIC AND TRAIL X iR MON.-SAT. 9-8 rESTGATE SHOPPING CTRoW. UNIV. & 34TH ST. By Donna Wares Alligator Staff Writer Instead of waiting for UF President Robert Marston to make a decision, a UF council Tuesday decided to proceed with its investigation of Affirmative Action guideline violations which allegedly Occurred in the hiring of Associate Attorney Rob Denson. UF Personnel Director Robert Button told the Affirmative Action Council that Marston had asked him to find out if the committee intended to proceed with schedule] hearings. "My strong impression was that the presitent felt it was a very grave and serious charge and he was ready to take action if it were left ip to him," Button said. "He left it to us to continue with the hearings or leave it up to him to take disciplinars action." Several council members said thr hearings should proceed as planned because Marston had ample time to take action last quarter when the charges were introduced. Marston still would have final authority over the hearing results. Marston was out-of-town Tuesda rut UF Executive Vice President John Nattress said Junior debates Gairs Jiunior, the only challenger for Mayor-Commissioner Bill Howard's position on the Gainesville City Commission, is scheduled to debate Howard at the Jaycees Marston held up his decision to verify all thi facts. A pre-hearing which would have in vestigated charges made by three minority groups that UF attorney Tom Biggs violated three hiring guidelines when selecting Den son was scheduled for Thursday. Affirmative Action Council chairman Llewellvn Pevtori said the hearing would probably be delayed for two weeks since the council had not ye hired a lawyer to represent them. In addition to reaffirming their decision t continue with the scheduled hearings, th council also agreed to send Marston a lette concerning future hiring practices for Ut attorneys. UF attorney Ashmun Brown is scheduler to resign from his post in May and th council wanted to ensure that rinew attorney' irwould not be appointed until after th hearings were completed. Button said the letter would express griv concern" about allowing Biggs to fill ti position with the matter unresolved. "It is prudent that you don't bring i applicants with a messy situation like this. Button said. Howard at noon Luncheon at noon todac. The luncheon, held on the fourth floor o the First Federal Building, 2815 N.W 13th St., will precedethe political forum. I., IAivi PS M OlElI11011112tt4 oig 1814 W. UNIVERSITY AVENUE / tAic~ iFIN K USH AT -FWSAu. WEEKIBMQ VLW A. (A l"4emw4 378S aingator, wednesday, opril 2, 1980, a I April 9, April 22 or May 5 CALF:373e~3~ f Opt.C Major crimes at UF up 17 percent last year By Robert Bartolotta buildings as a major factor for the increased Alligator Stoff Writer rate of major crimes. Major crimes at UF jumped almost 17 UF police last year arrested 167 adults and Mjrc rimas a Un jhom er als 17 55 juveniles. Larceny accounted for 28.8 percent last year, even though there was an percent of the total 222 arrests. Possession of almost imperceptible rise in major illegal drugs was the second most common Gainesville crimes, offense, accounting for 8.5 percent of the While police throughout Al achna County arrests. solved 22 percent of crimes reported -the In Alachua County last year, a total of same as the statewide average -UF police 11,390 murders, rapes, robberies, managed to clear up only 8 percent of crimes aggravated assaults, burglaries, larcenies reported. and motor vehicle thefts were reported. The UFs crime index -based on arrests for arrest rate in Alachua County per 100,000 murder, forcible rape, robbery, aggravated people was 3,144 compared to the statewide assault, burglary, larceny and car theft -high total of 7,743 in Volusia County. was up 16.6 percent in 1979. Last year 680,896 major crimes were For Gainesville, however, the crime index reported statewide. The report calculated change for the seven major crimes was only I that one major crime occurred in Florida percent, far below the statewide 12 percent every 52 seconds -one for every 14 average. residents during the year. But UF Police Chief Audie Schuler, who Other highlights of the crime report: said Monday his department "is actively &.Four law enforcement officers were seeking any information on campus crimes," klFonreliwenforuement19fitesawe could not pinpoint the reasons for the hike in killed in the line of duty in 1979, the same the UF index. number as the year before; "I can't answer exactly whv (UF's crime the value of stolen property increased rate jumped) but the more people we get on 36.2 percent to a total $341 million, 26.5 campus, the more crime there is," Schuler percent of which was recovered; said. of the 18 Florida cities with more than 50,000 population,, major crimes increased Generally, larceny has the highest number most in Dade County's Hialeah, which (of reported crimes) because more people are experienced a 22.7 percent increase. Only stealing -especially bicycles. The problem one major city, Escambia County's Penis that we can't get people to stop stealing," sacola, reported a drop in major crimes. he added. Major crimes reported there decreased 1.8 Schuler cited "openness" of UF campus percent. Denson case continues; council checks violations im 

PAGE 6

.dlIgator, wednesday, april 2, 1960 khool Board votes for Astroturf by Iph Diaz ligotor Stoff Writer Florida Field is two-thirds of the way toward getting resurfaced with Astroturf after Alachua Count, School Board members voted Tuesday night to contribute S 100.000 or a new artificial surface. Board members went along with Alachua Count, Schools Superintendent Walter Sickles' recommendation to compl% with the UF Athletic Association's request to pay $100,000 or the new Astroturf. CF Athletic Director Bill Carr has said if the association ioes not receive $100,000 from the school board and $100,000 from UF funding, Florida Field will be covered bs natural grass at a cost of $100,000. A new Astroturf covering will cost $300,000. The school board was asked to help share the costs since ocal high schools play several games a %ear on Florida Field. The high schools' use of the field will be reduced if natural grass is installed. Sicki told school board commissioners there is no alte ative hut to approve an agreement. He said Citizens Field n Gainesville and local high school stadiums will not hold enough people for cross-cit% rivalry' games. "You need to have a facility in Gainesville where people can be part of an extracurricular program." Sickles told the school board. "This appears to be the onlx real. true alternative. There is no viable alternative." The Athletic Association now will wait for UF administrators to gather the remaining $100,000 needed for the artificial surface. Administrators had been waiting for the school board to make its decision before committing themselves to doling out the money requested 1b Carr. UF Executive Vice Preisident John Nattress has said administrators would "find some wax" to come up with the mones if the school board voted to match the S 100.000 the Athletic Association is willing to spend. But he said UF administrators are not sure where the money will come from. Nattress said money for remodeling and renovations is not available. He mentioned possible funding could come from the student capital outlaw fund. Nattress added that it may take a while to come up with the $ 100.000, which hardly pleases the Athletic Association. Athletic Association Ticket Manager Jeremy Foley, who heads a committee working on the surface renovation project, said the Athletic Association must hear from UF administrators soon. "We need to get bus% signing the contracts and getting things firmed up." Foley said. He said the Monsanto Corp. is read\ to la\ down a new Astroturf surface. The original sy nthetic grass also was laid down in 1970 by Monsanto. Alligator wins awards The Alligator has taken a first and second place in awards from the Societ\ of Professional Journalists. Sigma Delta Chi. in the southeastern region competition. Oscar Sanchez, I LW. took first place in the editorial cartoon category. Kit Carlson, 4JM. and Patrick Connallx. 4JM, editor and assistant editor of P. A1the entertainment supplement to The Alligator. received a second pace( awardl in the student magazine categor\. Michael Williams, 4JM, won first place in the radio spot news category and Ellen Jo ner, 6J iM. won I irst place for the best radio in-depth reporting. We Specializ"Pe I'exh .%lri. Ilonr,.',uresde Quih/a'. (repes. .ouSpu rfn il-.a itig'ichex 1 .udM 1A T'helps Wi offer you he ibext I LIGHTiealin or. U I I S. ...Master Charge imported ..-------------. I IM I *Bringcoupoand get free I howl of soup with large salad a I 1oj~.~M lStreet i I I a.m.-8 ii.-'Mo6dySaturday Luke 23: 33 And when they were come to the place, which is called Calvary, there they crucified him, and the maleflactors, one on the right hand, and the other on the left. 34 IThen said Jesus, Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. And they parted his raiment, and cast lots. 35 And the people stood beholding. And the rulers also with them derided him, saying, He saved others; let him save himself, if he be Christ, the chosen of God. 36 And the soldiers also mocked him, coming to him, and offering him vinegar, 37 And saying, If thou be the King of the Jews, save thyself.38 And a superscription also was written over him in letters of Greek, and Latin, and Hebrew, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS. 39 qAnd one of the malefactors which were hanged railed on him, saying, If thou be Christ, save thyself and us. 40 But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Dost not thou fear God, seeing thou art in the same condemnation? 41 And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss. 42 And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom. 43 And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, Today shalt thou be with me in paradise. And it was about the sixth hour, and there was a darkness ve~r aN the earth until the ninth hour. 46 And the sun was darkened, and the veil of the temple was nd t din the ds.d 46 iUnd when Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit: and hav ing said thus, he gave up the ghost. 50 4And, behold, there was a gNM n MVld Joseph, a counselor; and he was a good man, as d uSt 52 This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus. 53 And he took it down, and wrapped it in linen, and laid it in a sepulchre that was hew i steos, hsreiin never man before was laid. Luke 24: Now upon the first day of the week, veq early in the morning, they came unto the &pwicew,, bringIng the spices which they had prepared, i offhers with them. 2 And they found the stone .usE psay from the sepulchre. 3 And they entered in, and found no1 W he bodyof the Lord Jesus. 4 And it came to pass, as thy were AUIh peoexed thereabout, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments: 5 And as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto theft, Whyseek ye the living among the dead? 6 He is not here, but is risen: regnembedrow he spake unto you when he was yet in Qaflsp 7 Saying, The Son of an niu d-dgipeted into the hands of sinful men, and be '*id the third 4aY rise again. 8 And they remembered his ords, 9 Arnd returned from the eepaldhre, aud tsldall thes things unto the eleven, and to so *thesee *~uusm~5g~ ~951' ~ ----. I min~m3~jWrff~7Prrr~GA 'sD!OWN S DON DONIGAN'S DONIGAN'S D DOMG"DN z Welcomes You Back 10 % Z ~ ,.On verything 0 / We want you to come in and L ~~~see our "Sinzg T~g"Te are da.SSi C -7Propi. Button Doum Shirts 0-$15.00-$30.00. Khaki's $16.00-$28.00 Izod's Mens-Ladies-Boys Polo 0 Sebago Shoes Ribbon Belts THIS WEEK ONLY! 112 W Itr isa 372-0472 OnEverthin DONIGAN'S DONIGAN'S DONIGAN'S DONIGAN'S DONIGAN'S DONIGAN'S DONIGANS Slating for Senate & ASFAC Challenge Party Jo W. Reitz Union Rms. 333-334 Mon-Thurs 8 AM -5 PM Wed-Fri 8AM-11 PM ALSO: Check out our tables located around campus. Clsallenge PartyV Pd. Pol. Ad, Challenge Party, Rob Kelley, Treas. "WVHYDO THE HEATHEN RAGE?" Psalms 2:1 and Acts 4:25 

PAGE 7

~1 -B A JOINS! N-EXTWEEK for ACCENT ON WOMEN A Week Long Focus About Women For Men and Women ACCENT is Funded by Student Government =-------------ContinuousMeNory Introducing the new HP-34C Advanced Scientific Programtable Calculator Featuring. with: Continuous Memory 70 fines of Program Memory and 21 Data Storage Registers. And Much Morel, NowOnly$135 HP-41C 400 Program lines, 64 Storoge Registers, Continuous Memory, LCD Display, Alpha-Numeric and more. HEWLETT PACKARD "Quality Costs More, But Is Well Worth It" HP 311 SclemtftI. trig., exponential, math functions, metric conversions, 10 digit, 4 stor. registers ($55) $45 HP-flU Advuueed Scientiic With Statistkm. all HP-31 functions plus decimal degree conversions, 15 storage registers ($70)-*" S -331 Pr euwunmeble Scieintfic. 49 lines of program, conditional keys, & a stor. registers ($90) $1 01110471Euiew Muegemest. business/finare calculator ($75)$5 39461e Advumesi Fm-usi v.39 PregemAPAdv.ieederegrumbl'224 program lines. 26 storage registers .($375)$335 Also Avoiobve: -* .9000 Top Ps In$ A h Pusseme features as HP-67 plus lrger keys end Spinning cpebiliis ($750) $M Gai IHeadquarters 3M L ooi 1614 W.Univ. PER COPY3 PER COPY -81x11 1 81/2 x 11 100% Rog While Supplies Last I BAKMAMa"I 1219 W. UNIVERSITY AYE. I ACKUOOM PRODUCIONS 1219W. UNIVERSITY AVE. 3 ~ In 3 7 5 -C O PYo~th uld~ g IntheI2-story Eloctrolux Building Expire. Apri 3. 1"s mo -n m -m o m me m m -e m mm --m kim kulish Beachless? Crighton Blahat has found that Florida Field is not only famous for football games and comedians but for that ole expression, "Suntan University." BEAUTY CONTEST ON WHEELS April 5, 1980 at Sensation Basin sponsored by Energy from PageQww cut Friday classes. "We've experimented with four-day class schedules.for students and now we're looking into a modified week for administrators," said Jim Haywood, the Administrative Affairs Vice President of the Jacksonville university. Administrators at Florida Atlantic University, in Boca Raton, which like UNF and UCF is basically a commuter school, have not shifted their work schedule although they are considering it. "We're doing everything we know how to do to cut down on our energy consumption, and now we are watching with great interest what happens at UCF," said FAU President Glenwood Creech. Not all university administrators consider the four-day work week a viable solution to the energy dilemma. Florida State University Academic Affairs Vice President Robert Lawson said FSU administrators have pretty much ruled out a four-day week because many campus buildings are used seven days a week by graduate research students. Lawson said administrators have beefed up conservation measures and are considering a half-hour lunch plan similar to the one proposed at UF. Despite increased conservation and research for alternative energy sources at all nine universities, energy bills systemwide continue to climb. "We're trying to pull together a systeinwide plan," said university system Business and Financial Services Director Dave Tranchand. "We've done all the minor or low cost things we can do." ROAD ROLLERS Sensation Basin, & U.F. Scuba Club Entry Fee sill* GVJY ,.,a e door" ror omo*bM~.nei 11 dffhc! edresdopri 2, 1980, 7 mammoms 4 I 4 

PAGE 8

I, alfigow. wdnesdky, oprl 2,1980 mDUMions Bionic profs It might be rwewA to faculty! ,memrr-s wAho are barely getting bN on State lri,-rsi Sytem pax. but there are a couple of S 1 million rrois atout to mo inthe f acults Under the 1979 Eminent Scholars Act enacted b, the Florida Lexislature. LF college, able tc raise $60.000 can receive S400.000 n state mores to establish $I million professorships. The interest on the mone' will pas for a professor's salary and related expenses each xear. The states nine public universities are attemptnE to raise money to match the state's $10 million allocation. Each unisersitv. however. is limited to three of the S1 million professorships. While other universities in the state are not so successful at matching the funds, UF already has raised morsefor two and Jis on the %Verg of matching the state money for a third professorship. The program is a worthy one and we join LT President Robert Marston in urging local Rep. Jon Mills and colleagues in the Legislature to add $5 million to the program. We also urge the Legislature to make mone% that is unclaimed by uni versities unable to attract matching funds available to other universities. Million-dollar professors with bionic teaching abilities are just what LT needs. A goodidea It's an idea whose time has come. It was overdue. in fact. UF students hase wvaited in lines for years. Registration lines, book lines. fee payment itnes. Lines with no end in sight. Financial aid lines. how seser. are the most. painful of all because students usual11 are poorest at the beginning of each quarter. This quarter. howes er. the financial aid line is one line in which most students w-ill not have to w ait. A federal bureaucrat finall\ has realized % hat students waiting in block-long lines at the Hub knew all along. it saves time to disburse loans and grants by. mail. This week about 6,000 students. who otherw-ise would trek across campus to the Hub i and wait in hour-long itnes for their school money. will find their financial aid checks delivered to them by mail carriers. The financial aid mailing system is a pilot program being tested by the UF Student Financial Affairs Office. Because federal guidelines on the handling of insured loans were changed, UF financial aid officials now can mail checks directly to some students. The program eventually could be used throughout the State University System if costs do not become excessive and student reaction is favorable. So, financial aid recipients, in the spare hour you saved from not waiting in line, take a few minutes and a postage stamp to vend financial aid officials a note letting them know your reaction. And you might want to adda post script reminding them that students thought of it first. 415 Death penalty unfair, brutal Editor. The death penalt\ is discriminatory .unfair. irresersible and brutal Xn opponent of capital punishment is no more prejudiced than a proponent of the death penalt\. hosseser. due process is denied to the accused bs insurine the selection of a jun that tbiased tows ard capital punishment rather than a jun with mixed opinions jurors are not asked if the\ beiese the convicted person ought to be sent to prison. o v\h\ ask the juror if he or she heeses in a penalty svhich ma' be insoiled regardless of one-s opinion of that penaitx Executions are torturous. Death is not instantaneous, even ith 2.230 alts of ek-strit bolting through a person. The ictim often needs a second or third jolt to finally kill him or her Premeditated murder b\ the state is repulsis eAL (cordIng to the A merican Ci. Liberties Union ACLU 1, Betsseen 192S and 1444. average homicide rates in death penalty states were between t%o and three times higher than in abolition state, States that hase reinstated the death penalty after abobshine it has e show n an nrease in homicide .Accordiniz to Prof. Hugo Bedau. in his pamphet The Case Againt Capital Punishment, from the ears 1949 to 1955 in California. homicide increased in the days immediately prior to an execution." The first time the death penalty was restored in Oregon in 1921, the homicide rate rose from four persons per 100.000 to 7.7 persons per 100.000. There are many reasons capital punishment is w rong. It does not lower the homicide rate. It is not a deterrent and it obscures the true causes of crime. If society is to deter crime it must find effective means to control It, not hb disguising the issue b% randomly picking scapegoats on which to sent society's fears. Let the Hay market. Rosenberg, Sacco and Venzetti cases not be forgotten. Political dissenters as well as minorities, the poor and undereducated are thevictimsof state sanction'd murder. Richard Gaeta 3AR 1 980s: the time to wave the-flng NOs Anthem Perhaps the time is ripe todax To v as e the flia once more For once a ain it '-wis our w iii Has been tested to the core Not so '%er-n Ior ago We ined at the thought of 'k ar Yet s ho-d base thought %e -de er trade Indochina for the Persian shore WOW Cr* P G ~W MWWCE wbwr f. .04.m .ww -m Ml-MMEWOV4 .eWA. .w.oM.g.ry. ., t. -""C """ Jnf w.b. ---IJowmwqcn lw CiMwhm~~w A&SOR m binm V4I n---d P0 Urn i. c~~~a. aS m. u~ .ar a. Ofc _a_._.t CI: 313up: L ee. A. OIN$ no b.a h0 04&%*M Sroa O 8 Defend the world from Conmounisun That's what 1'-e always heard From Truman. Ike and MacArthur. To JFK's challenging words But this time we are in the right Let no man accuse our reason we'se got to keep the pedal down It's always s gasoline season Will Bob sing "Thanks for the Memories' Of petty wars long past For when this next one rolls around It's foretold to be the last The Russian Bear is nobody fool It knows its life comes first When hungry, it will devour the weak Any hlnod will quench its thirst So how can peace have a cha if bath sides Insist manhas no choice but fight As long as the spark of self-doubt is alive All will see none sect's always right Only then can thebarierstotruthbe bruuht down Let science be a-tool to tebulid Yet our knowledge u utuW w bed ma abole Lst mankind'sgift ofpritbekled ,DaDavy 3 10W 4iS 8 \ \ ----I 

PAGE 9

War proY only who's stronger I have recently noticed that many peopleon ca=pts hat if a person doesn't want to be drafted and go to~War that person must be unpatriotic or chicken. The fact uny educated people on campus hold this belief is very sing to me. I would like to share with your readers a rirecenty received from a woman in Atlanta. I think as a message forall of us. Doug Tuthill Student Body President earDoug Tuthill: read in a Ne, fYork Times article that you were a student er invited to the White House. 'd like to tell sun of my beloved son-in-law's concept of r being wrong as a means of settling matters between nado this in the hope that if you find value in what Jim ughts ou will adopt his concept and spread it ripple-wise Your family, sour friends and those in authority who ght get this message to people everywhere. im shot himself twice in the head with a .38 caliber pistol, ling himself on our daughter's 22nd birthday, Jan. 22, e was distraught that our country had adopted its nish-Amercan War motto -"My Country, right or ong." Jim felt it is up to each of us to see that our country lWays in the right, instead of being only for what is right the national interest, which boils down to self-interest. have six Mayflower ancestors and nine Revolutionary ar ancestors. My father was a West Point graduate and a hero in World ar 1. He won the Distinguished Service Cross, the stinguished Service Medal, two Croix de Guerre and the and losers. Weereall losers! gion of Honor and was a retired Army Colonel whoserved Jim said that going to war to settle matters was like if he during two years. both the Pacific and Europe.He has the Medal-of Merit. and I were quarreling as to which of us really owned my Jim was eight years ahead of me in his thinking and his atth our sons were officers in Vietnam at the sometime Volkswagen. So we took the proper papers and facts to a titudes. Because of Jim, I, who come from an Army-oriented Yet braver than any of these men, I feel, was Jim. who had judge and asked him to decide the matter for us, and the family, who never questioned but war was the way to settle guts to protest war (any war) as a right way to settle difjudge said, "That's easy! Just step out in the hall and matters, am now dedicated to waging peace. rences between nations. And he did so at a time when the whoever beats the other one is the rightful, legal owner of the I would like to see a Peace Academy formed where the ietnam War was being preached from our pulpits as a holy V.W.t" young of all countries could realize we are all humans and ar; and to criticize it or the administration waging it was Jim said you wouldn't be willing to decide the ownership all citizens of the world. Here the young (who would be a traitor. of a V.W. in such a ridiculous manner; yet we still allow nahopefully become their country's leaders) could learn to Whenever an administration gets in trouble all it has to do tions to settle life-and-death matters of the utmost imknow and trust one another and become world statesmen go to war to unite the whole United States behind all its portance to all the world's people by resorting to force. working for the good of all humanity without being dictated icies. Labor, now so powerful, is happy with full Jim had a master's degree in psychology. Though he workto by the super powers. ployment and overtime pay. ed and went to college at the same time, he made a 3.7 And maybe we could see to it that countries with difWomen need not be drafted in order to be casualties of a average. ferences would have to sit down at a Conference Table with ar. Thev suffer constant anxiety for their sweethearts, He was a leader in pioneering the Civil Rights movement the whole world watching in the Sunshine Law as their jury usbands or lovers in action. Their children are deprived of when one put his very life on the line toube so. And he believon worldwide news on television so we could see that, as e guidance, the daily presence and the fellowship of their ed in human rights before our leaders talked of them. nearly as possible, justice was done in each instance. Thank ads. Jim was a beautiful person in spirit, mind, body and face. I you. We all suffer in wars in which there are no longer winners feel privileged to have known him if only for brief snatches "Let there be peace on earth and let it begin with me!" dating reviews give poor coverage Edtor: I write this letter 'in red paper to express how my Recently, The Romantics and Pat Metheny Group were eart bleeds for a more professional entertainment section. here in concert in Gainesville. Both are respectably good m talking about the massacre of various reviews and bands and yet neither were covered. Both put on excellent iting that appears to be going on, resulting in various shows and my friends saw Tioor at both shows. uthorsuworks being totally out of context in meaning. What is the matter, Mr. Toor, have you hit the big time Either You have hired incompetents or the editors need to now, i.e., Jimmy Buffett and The Eagles, so that you no talked to. I know what I'm talking about after being a longer can interview such small bands? Or does The eatureeditor two years ago for theTheAtanta Consttution. Alligator in their infinite entertainment medium of ultimate It is apparent that Toor is responsible for the bulk of the knowledge, not let yiu do stories n other than "Rock usic articles that The Alligator has neglected for so long. It Stars?" s a job to be commended. On the other hand, I know of The point is this. If you are going to cover music, then nor's writings in Georgia, and also for the Atlanta and make sure that Tor is allowed to cover it right. Large as uon papers He was good in the sense that he covered well as small should be covered forthetbenefit of us anti-Top mall asuwell as large bands. 40 freaks. Yet, recently it appears that Toor has forgotteA his roots or s contending to take Laura Kelly's place as MiWContoverDavid Wells ia Writer of the Year. 4UF university avenue by virginia copeland' Letters PoloJ 77,o M NA VD AM% pe gw Lettersamust: 10 typed, signed 41114111111 ltpcelilne end ntes liW" IT0 Have addresseAntO Waters; Names will be wil*. lust ccus. -The ed edllt all letters for'~ Writers iney euLt-.,, .4 or letters to h colW ns. Anyr a regular cotaan eitor as. d bI0 U m alogante wednesday oari2 290. 9 

PAGE 10

1l. MIatvor' wmaw 2 19M ri' Y WITH APLACE TO EATON EVERY YOU NEED A GOOD REASON TO CHOOSE OULA HERE ARE SIX GOOD Rk.SONS G*ed Eas #1 W're more than just a place to eat. Our menu variety, our fremly waitress service, and our superior quality-all add up to make a meal at Steak n Shake* something special. Gssd ME #2 At our place, we think a meal should be sered to you. not shoved at vou. ThU's why Steak n Shake has smiling waiters and wwaitresses to serve your meal, piping hot, and just minutes after you've ordered. And if you want. you can have our special curb service -same great meal from the same smiling waitress -served m your car. G6d bmm #3 Place GOd Es. #5 covered with hot fudge, or settmgs of real china and Hand-dipped shakes. Made strawberry, nuts, a creamy silverware. Paper plates and the old-fashioned way. With a ,whipped topping .and plastic knives. forks and creamy whipped topping a cherry. Cheesecake. spoons are fine for a picnic and a cherry. That's Or hot apple and ...but not for a restaua Steak n Shake cherry pies with real rant. That's why at Tru-Flavor Shake. ice cream. Steak n Shake, we And to many of Great service. Great serve our fine food ----our customers, food. Great selection. on real china, with real that's reason At prices every family silverware and glassware. enough to choose our place can afford. Those are the s a e#4 over all the others. One taste reasons our place should be Stbireand you'll understand why. the next place you choose. instead Of %Wd m #6 A great meal So the next time you're hamburgers, deserves a great dessert. hungry for a meal out, make 100% pure beef Not some fried fruit it a meal outstanding .. including such fine filling, or a little a Seak n S steak cuts as T-bone, strip i4 plastic cup of STEAK +SHOKE steaks and sirloin. That's what ice cream. gives it that special Steak burger taste ...and why anything less is just a hamburger."' Dessert, the Steak n Shake way, is a sundae with scoops ( of hand-dipped ice cream WiW"thiscm Pneethin ca~ w.e im ,a" t theff tb d wie of2 whe mes. a~mamwith my etherupJia 4ilngsmmrCitimemsDinm Crs. I.mot wo eps pe um. por wod Not Ftaauml fr ok ft ood #Wg h A pil 1, 1980 #so 50 OFF NPLAT= 4it tiscopo Peettis opnwe ne /dgoW f h uua rmo h Ofe goodthruouApil 5,1 AU Pree t iins amp lS. he Mad SIngadgelM ofte PUs h 8team oone Plte. s'IptMSesasaJabr Li y pp .r mm 

PAGE 11

side WAVING GOOD-BYE .a former political soner boards a plane ound for Miami and freedom flight to rneebom photos and text by jay mallin Ths sat waiting in the Havana airport, 34 political prisner1 and 77 of their relatives, hoping the plane that w-ud harr ither to freedom in a 45-minute flight would worne this time. Sow had eiwn called toi the airport three times before, but no plwne hadciOme. Th carried no baggage -if allowed to leave Cuba, they woUld be)permitted to take only the clothes they were wearAll th prisoners had been convicted of the same crime, oftIcll tumd "Conspiracy Against the Powers of the Staits Soe had been imprisoned for more than 20 years. This tiv, their anxious wait in the airport would e rewarded. A plane did come, a 727 chartered by the IcisIpal Church. After a short wait, the people boarded, nd I the plane lifted them from their homeland. Probably Watching Ifrom the windows they saw Havana disappear. A brici sistrti of water took its place, then suddenly they wld distinguish the faint outlines of a new land. Som)" N the vounger people gazed iown at their first view o wits excitement, while a number of the olderiones ilrned irom th windows and cried. Fr o man, thr trip seenes ties unreal tocomprehend. B .isk, Spanish-speaking immigration &IFficias processed lhe relsgeis in the ultra-mnidern international wing of the ioi airport its plush purple carpeting contrasting with this slirkiess of t h Havana airport. Ilslyi, ailr all the officials were through with them, the xis laughed cried and embraceil, reuniei with friends r-kfl-t ivlwy had not sen for 20 es IN FLIGHT (ABOVE) a woman turns to her husband for comfort as emotion overwhelms her REUNITED (LEFT) ...after so many years, facesare hard to remember m I alligator, wednesday, april 2, 1980;11 I 

PAGE 12

12, olligator, wednesday, apr. S1iYWCommission 1980 budgt By Robe,Bartolotta Alligator Staff Writer After debating the need for more thoughtful budgeting in light of cuts in purchasing power, Alachua County commissioners Tuesday unanimously voted to adopt conservative budget policy guidelines for the 1980-81 fiscal year. The commissioners voted 4-0 after reviewing Assistant County Administrator Jerry Maxwell's policy statement outlining the most pressing economic troubles currently confronting the county. Major problems include doubledigit inflation and an additional $2-million burden on taxpayers if the county is to maintain the same services in the coming fiscal year. "If ever there was a trend in our community for conservative budgets, it is now," said Commissioner Jack Durrance, echoing the feelings of other commissioners. Adopting the budget guidelines is only the initial stage of a seven-month budgeting process. The budget is slated to become effective October 1, 1980. what's happening, By Adam Yeomans Alligator Writer Hellenic Student Association will have an organizational meeting for the Eastern Lamb tonight at 7:30 in the R itz Union. UF Scuba Club will show slides of its last Cayman Islands trip and nominate new officers tonight at 8 in Rm. 347 of the Reitz Union. Florida Speleological Society will show slides-on caves and plan caving trips tonight at 7:30 in the Florida State Museum. Environmental Action Group will have its first meeting over a pot luck dinner at 1715.NW 3rd Place tonight at 6:30. New members are welcome. For more information call 378-1423. Student Chapter of the Wildlife Society will have its first meeting of spring quarter tonight at 7 in the Newins-Zeigler Forestry Building.ZAnyone interested in wildlife is welcome. L-5 Society of Gainesville will discuss future uses of outer space tonight at 8 in Rm. B-65 of the Reitz Union. VE on .Way U -----T-= one------AWEDN I L 0) loan ESDA Jormerl 9{chols SZi e&y 25" rin Dr VI Texas Fun in Gainesville Live Music With SOUTHERN 238 W. University Ave. SATISFACTION Free* Module When You The T1-58 and TI-59 combine three major innova* FE tions to bring the power of programming to FE youeven if you've never programmed before: ENDS 1. Extraordinarily powerful at remarkable low prices April 12,1980 2. Revolutionary plug-in modules put complex formulas ic work at the touch of a key 3. Step-by-step learning guide that takes you from the bos is of programming thruuyh advanced pr ogramongs language you can understand TI Programmable 58C. 480 program 6teps or up to 60 memories. Master Library module contains 25 prewri en ;ro grams in moth, engineering, statistics and nre Also m creases number of steps up to 5000 Library programs ma also be addressed from the keyboard nr inserted as subroutines Can also be used with Ti's new PC.100A printer plotter it lets you plot, print headings and $ 9 9 prompt messages TI Programmable 59. More powerful than the T 1 58 U0 2 960 program steps or up to 100 memories Mag eti ords store up to 960 steps. And, record and protect custom programs. Also 10 user flags. 6 levels of $219*95 subroutines. 4 types of branches Qptional Libraries. Applied Stutist s Survey ng Rea Estate/Finance, Aviation, Marine Navigotion Business Decisions, Securities Analysis. Electrical Engineer 4 in2, Moth Utility. $30.00 ea (also Agricultural engineer ig $45 ft FLORIDR BOOKSTORE Across From Library West 1614 W. University Ave. 376-6066 I-. Buy The TI-59 or The Continuous Memory TI-58C The TI 56 and 59 Both use revolutionary pluini Solicl State Software libraies. General TI-.1 13.95 TI-1750 17.95 TO-JO1S 51.95 TI-IfiS ".95 TI-SIN 34.95 Iclemitf It TI-25 22.54 T141S 19" TI-SR 33.54 PC-IC 149.95 "ne" SA.I 16.95 MBA.53.95 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 1KA II' I w $1.00 OFF Renaissance ANY ORDER OVER SValid only with coupon at Renaissance. Not alid with oteJ JP m ntii hg coupons. Expire May1190 r-------and Rsume $2.00 OF F Specialists in Theses, Dissertations, and Resumes ANY ORDER OVER I $10.00 I Valid only with coupon at Complete copying & printing servicecopns. Not vahd wi r Offset printing O fy ing tMonday -Fri. 8 a.m. -10 p.m. $5.00 OFF Typesetting Sat. 9 a.m. -5 p.m. ANY ORDER OVER I $25.00 Valid only with coupon at 1702 West University Avenue Ren3i7ncN vaw in t,,372-4eoPpons.lExpaezM"y119 In the Hardee Plaza"1 I t -91,10d The Aliiato, were classified ads have a higher return fo your in. vestment Ir NIGHT 

PAGE 13

OR RENT Sub, Orabedroom $185/7month, .t adns Available lmmedlately 372-6V4-8-5-1 someone to subet a two bedroom, Hawaiian Village Ap'fo surner t $6 P.lease call 374-8442 2 bedroom trailer in Alarntr filljune $Iom1 t ,lost, + $50 p Call 373-4244 2 r 392-8193 ($1.0 1 bdr, ($160)19 264. 4)for rn fr fol and summer. ow summer discount of aPPrOxA blocks from cOmpus, poo. Coll 91at 37689M 9 4-8-5-1 NLAFT to sublet far summer sow 3-bodroom/2-bolh pool/ten,una Call 374-4088 keep tryinvgl 1 br unfurnished apt 1 i00/mo. 213 p Call Paul 378-9340 after 6 pm (9 1 64 66l61 immsd LARCE 2 bdrm I ba unf. apt. mo. pool laundry, close to UF 3Evenings 4-7-41 ful Brandywine. Ib, all luxuries and S should be for 2 persons. Only per month 373-98M. Keep trying. Itneddto share 2 br. apt + 1/2 u i 6 non-sm1kers, only call 16.6935 keep trying prefer grd or up4-03-2-1 MOMS New Age Deli 25c Off any purchase of $1 or more. Limit o Re coupon 51 NW13th St. vM o == = = M -algatt, wednesday, april 2, 1900, 13 ----.2 --It A .-. 2 bd. I bib furm. on 2nd floor VAIlh balcony ,.ading di,.ctly-to,.ool4$30/-o 37572 A-7-5-1 WIN4MEADOWS ubul1. Ige 1-wm; pool, s 9-, tc., nowr UF; $2W6. call 392-4774 days;372-9*e. 4-2-3-1 sublet I badroo AMr. Vernon apes available March31 furnished pool laundry control oc dishwasher call 37-773or32-4351 keep trying #994-4--1, of" pae. Excellent facility and location. 1219 W. Univ. Ave, (1/2 block from campus). Call 72-352237-8144 or 37-3602. 4-11-10-1 Studio apt. partially fu. $150 mo. plus uil. 404 SW 2 St. close by UF 2 br. apt partially furn. S200ma. 305 NW IS Terr. students on. ly pt ok 37S300 6 9.16 For rent 3 bed. duplex $2860 6. 7t6E4 Ave. Nice neighborhood. Students only pe% ok 375-3804-649-1 1+2 BR QUADRAPLEX AP5. EXCELLENT LOCATION IN NW + SW PRIVATE PATIO WITH GATE WD HOOI(UP NO PETS37-3336 6.6-49-1 -immediate top cash paid fo high shco l + college class rings and odhw gold or silver pieces. private investor""** 378-9615" 4-4-5-1 Hawaiian Villag $325/mo. 3 huge bedrooms 11/2 both townhouse cla to everything, April 1. 379-6296furn. (could be2br.)0n cre6k661 4-4-4-1 Available for subletting inmmdlately nice I br. apt., 4 blks fr campus. Call Ron 377-2594, leave mg. 376-7511 7-5 pm, or sMr. Row 1632 NW 4 ve. Pets -ok. 4-2-2-1 ROOMMATE Room for rent in'Ig. 3 br. house fu1y furnished house w/washer + dryer. Biking distance frm1school.61.933/mo. plil u961. 377-5M9~9. -7-5-2 .60.1. 96 Studious m6 toSINrN spacious 2 br. p.-6 with senior EE student. COnM. air/heot, qvn room, y9rd. Near Buffer Pla. $100 m., 'irs, 6lst dp., .37846699.Rad 4-9-62 Ma'u'e on"oking fe'"ale 'oomm "wWed9 rent90; 2e. a E -619b distance-to compuspool,6 11 arlyorafter 5378-12994-2-1-2* ALLIGATOR INFLATION I FIGHTER """"*'im '' 4 QUALIFY FOR choice of sandwich G I EA WA YS WITH 0 ICoe of macaroni THIS AD potato or tossed salad. f soup of the day -e choice of draft or soft drink e 30 minutes of pool alHforonly $2.95 Regularly Ss~M alnild Steak -Shaks. -0BREW I Full line of cuesticks MTS26" i with (,ase from $21.95 and up, 1 5S 1 t Nu M M M M M M M MM M M MM INT5R 5IILE GUITIR5 LOT .RoL* Guitars are fully adjusted by Sabine Craftsmn SUZUKI WK1,90 $225. 3149. SUZUKI F100 $166. 1"9. TAKA10qjE 340S5 '27 19 TAKAMINE360S 21 TAKAMINE 12 STRING 249. 19. GUILD D-25 430 3m. OVATION 1111 4156 FIMP5.PR PEAVEY PA100 249. 100 PEAVEY XR500 4 BACKSTAGE 30 139. I 212 CLASSIC 399. PEAVEY 900 MIXER MICROP N 99. Microphones complete w coble SHURE PE 57 57 29.9 SHURE PE515 79.75 44M AUDIO TECHIMCA 812' 160. AUDIO TECHNCA816 (STEREO PAIR 00. 34 SA Rmlvw505 NW13tSL 8999390. 3099494 6ky4. 3386 1211. p.o8,. tennisrcobat.b2owi m.-1$110-m. +$15fee 377-4107 4-"-32 wardFornale stuen rO e bed&**in a 2 b -dr -GO.9$766m9n rent + 1/3 ui. We have cable a HBO Call 374-9442 4-1-5-2 Female, non-smker; upprcl6an or graduate student; Own room in 4 bdrm, 3 b .h home now low school, $105 + 1/4,util. call 372-9610 4"32-2 Feale to shoreO R in 2 OR 2 bth. Gtorwood Ap. April free;1 105/m + 1/3.elecic coil Koren374-4083 4-4-3-2 FEMAL.E roomale wanted for Wping qtr. (loom9 renewable): own room in quiet 2 bdrm apt. 1 mile from campus $1 40/mo + 1/2utilities. cal 392-9426 k.p trying 485-2 992.50/mo. for nice opt. 4 blks. from cmpu&, need fornale to shore 1-bidroorn (law at) opt. please call Mad996ine or Wendy 378-7425 4-4-5-2 OWN ROOM in house with a large yard and garden. $106+ 1/3 util. call 376-3411 and please keep trying. 44-5-2 quiet nonsmoking mle, modern urn. home, own room + bth, laundry. $145 + 1/2 util./mo. lease, security. 372-1115 4-11-1-2 L8ERAL Roomo to share 2 8R. Apt., furnishd,82.56/mo. rent, 17 min.to UF, No cigetes, 324 NE 116tht., 377-4499, Cody Gwm needs clean non-smoker to shore nice 2-b.d 1/2 util. + deposits. Avail. April 10 coil 377-496 Keep trying/before 12 is good. 4-7-4.2 Female Roommate Wonted $60 6 month (co6l before 6 pm) Nice place in Alchua Call 392-0426osk for Pot. 4-2-1-2 1 or 2 girls wanted to sh9re 2 bedroom pt. Must metf Call Dione or Eileen at 376-5514 Female roonate wanted to share house with myself. Nice place quiet area, own bedroom and 1/2 expenses. Cal Marty. VS-304 4-8-5-2 OWM ROOM in unfur. 2 bdrm apt. SW 6th Ave. Spring and Summer. Mae nonsmokers only. $105/mth. 373-9946. Keep trying. 4-2-1-2 roommate wonted for now 3 bdr/2b NW house control heat, air, washer/dryer, fireplace $13m. + 1/3 utilitie s.coi 3765615 4-8.5-2 SA RENT, ownhw .own room; fur wished, dishwasher, walk to -F, 30 days FE E Available to August 25 Call Cathy 3748275evnings. 4-15-10-2 female roommate to shore townhouse own room close to campus $158/MO + utilities 375-3675 4-4-3-2 Avaable 696wsh9e 6966o696e6 3 b. house 3 blacks from UF. $9/M. + 1/3 utilities, CllSam, 374-8595 4-8-5-2 R6omte4 needed, very spacious, close to UF, onlyS0 a month Call Twrry after 5:00, ow. room in large 2 bdrm 11/2 both apt. ne campus pac furnished $222.50 dps. $120/mo. 1/26uil. 377-6520 Preston 649g. Landrmark 441-5-2 Female rmxt wanted to share bd/bth rm. in 2 bd/2bth townhouse. $110.50 + 1/3util. tennis, rq5l, s9una, pool. 377-2328 41-5-2 2 summer quarter Female r-motes wanted; w6i6n Village $8/mth. 1/4 utilities 377-8896 4-3-2-2 Uberal fornale roomtrate needed: own ,.emin villagPorkapt. Veryclose to ms96110 mo. + 1/2 utilities. Col376-9917. ''4-3-2-2 R.o.ate.wanted for W6ing + sum6r 65 per month non-smokr 16th Ave. area + 1/4utilities. 4-7-4-2 Ma.'. '"room 94t996694066w 66090mi hom9e 2 miles from campus nr G'vi Mi. .W on +1 /3utilitis. CoilMik. V6.1606. 44-3-2 OY40MI6infumn 269. opt. pooclse10 's. *S*iu p.r"" '.f. C9 lnow 6793 44--2 I IAWAJA N W ,Iii i -001 o hw o -r.huefela 69o901o.r666909 6994.4 by Apri 5 to goma ne o sAore -I" S m house, May 1. Looking for a clean, responsibleu. iet vegtaran $1620m. + 1/3 util. 1st + lost. Located nowrLow Schooll Cal lAnn6 eves. after 8 373-9936. 4-WD2942 Attontioni Female roonoto needed for luxury opt. excellent9loc9tion 1/4 util. co 1imm9diately 375-1116 REAT DEAL 4-4-5-2 female to share rm in furnished 2 br. opt. Summit House, close o VA. 187.58/6. + 1/3 utilities, non-smoker plase. 377-9749 4-4-5-2 Sublet for spring and summer. $70/mo. for 6 bedroom in 3 bedroom house. plus a *third utilities. coil Gr8g or Brad 376-6169 4-4-5-2 Wanted: One or two Roommates for a Two bedroom6pt. Call 376-0695 or come by Pinefres.GardensApt. 8F-54-4-5-2 AVAILABLE Nowl Shor* 3 br. Northwood home. Own bth, H.B.O. washer, dryer, cent. air, e6. $175/mo. + 1/2 util. 373-0678,373-5564 4-4-5-2 female roommate wanted $90 per month + utilities own bedroom I block to campus available now call 373-0396 4-3-4-2 female wanted to share room in 2 bedroom 6pt. Own bathroom, cable T.V., close to campus. $S0Wmonth+ 1/4 utilities call 375-3676 4-4-5-2 Female roommate to shore 2 bedroom poolside apartment near campus (260mo Coil 377-3028 or see manage furn. op with 2 girls $87.50/$175.00 mo. + 1/3 or, 1/4 utilities Williamsburg 376-9924/372-5037 4-2-3-2 male roommate grod/prof student master bdrm own bth near campus + shopping nw sect. pleasant surroundings$115/mo. 375-4M eve. 4-4-5-2 Fm. roomis to shore Mstr. bdrm. in 2 bd/2both Brandywine opt. Only $92/mo. + -/3-ut --it-.-root pool61966. on--mkrs 376-3644 4-2-3-2 female roomote needed 2 bed I both unfu1. bedroom $120 + 1/2 utl. call 372-7496 4-7-&-2 Female: Share a room in large house nowr UF No pets, sec. dep. required $106110/mo. includes utilities. Call 375-1349 4-18-15-2 Female roommate/nonsmoker. Own room, furn.c $0p., $122.50 mo. + 1/2 util. Spr. qir optinsum-mer .Vi119ePark, 10 m w6lk to campus. Sarah 372-7697 after 6 Available April 1st. 4-2-3-2 FEMALE roomate foir spacious 2 bedroom 2 bathroom opt. sauna pool + tennis court close to campus $103 + utilities. Glorwood coil 37"-246 4-4-5-2 male upper divison-grod student own furn. room 3 blocks campus kitchen washer dryer $110-135 incudesut. lease16.378-8122; 36-6665264-12 .9169.696 non-smoki f07 le to share large mobil home.OwnRind9=, shore other facilitie.s $90 per m. + 1/2 utilities + -$5D deposit 475-169694-3-5-2 69 roommate wanted: female, own bedroom 1/4 utilities, right across from Tiger. C9l 375-8717 4-7-7-2 roommates wonted for 3 bedrm 21/2 both OAK FOREST townhouse move in June o'r Sept. M/F non-smoker lease $132 per mo. + 1/3 bills w/d need bdrm. furn. 378-0181 4--5-2 Rmm s n9944 4 three bedroom dupex, 1/2 block frm campus $95 mo. + 1/3 Oil., students only call 374-8650 or 375-1075 ask 4 Don. 4-4-5-2 male student, nonsmoker needed spring 56. av1. im--diatelyownmt e6 96 br w/both. Beautiful furishied Windmoodows apt.;$150/-mo. + 1/2ut. 378-1372 4-4-5-2 immedia, o,6cash aidfo, high9chool + collg class rings and other gold + silver pieces. private investor -*378-965-. 4452 666199e91/2296.b"e6 .,"" 6w"The one store that brings you ViUlge .2 bot26916.1P. 50Per. 0Plus 1/361 9Call376-9W543-2 the best of two worlds." f9"0, nonm e. Nice house in NW sec. C tion. Has dishwasher, cloihwwwasher, HBO, J 61 s'o'age3shed, *'c.04 1"099 *"'*y3Cal" & DC 33-71054-7-3-2 Open Mon-Sat 9AM -6PM Evenings by Appt. Open Mon-Fri Professional Hair Core 5PM10PM (relaxers, braids, core Sat. 10AM -6 PM free curls, perms, ExpertiTailoring wash & sets etc.) (Alterations, business or s pleasure suits, gowns, Monday only dresses, swim suits etc. 25% discount' Located in the Woolco on wasand sets. ShoppingCenter. 2631 N. 13th' St.) PrAppt, cmli sis7 wi Park ApIL. Avollabhk Irnmediately. Call P3.nn369. 6. 4-33-2 Female to share rm in furnished 2 br. apt. Village Park, spring $71.25/9. + 1/4 utilities. Special rent .for summer optional. 373-9422. 4-7-5-2 sublet I room in 4 bdrm apt. $100 per month plus 1/4 utilities the Place .pi.s. Cll Cindy 377-4235ferale only. 4-4-3-2 Female 1 or 2 nonsmoking roommates to share 2 br. furn. apt. with 2 girls $97.50/$175.00 mo. + 1/3 or 1/4 utilities WiIhmsbur4 376-994/372-5037 4-2-3-2 FOR SALE Ruger/22 automatic Rifle like now $65 firm Ben Pearson 301b.6ow.V15 please call Lorry 483-1201 4-4-5-4 RATTAN SETTEE-2 chairs dual end table now 6626ions $150 or best offer ph. 373645 DISCOUNT HIFI 722 S. Main. The Rea Bdg. Eve.y major rand Lowest price. Open 11-6 WE'6E CHEAPER. 35-833 649-459691 Sick of AM radio? See Car Stereo Specialists at 2201 NW 3 St. They have low prices, quality installations + top brands Open M-F 10-7, Sat. 10-5 378-0192 6-6-49-4 'm seeing my bike, 10 speed, blue, for girls, ike now.Call379-8377. 4-4-5-4 TRUMPET-yr. old-lik new-$20.00 or best offer.Ph-373-0645 4-2-3-4 RECORDS-many nw releases-lots of posters-buy, sell + t9a499atTOM'S 65E0 'ROE-642 W.Uni. ve. 37617 5c copies (1-9), 4.5c (10-24), 4c (25-99), 3.5 (100-199), 3.1c (200-499),62.59c(500) of one original181/7'by I1V* 100% rag9copie62a9 7c while supplies last with this ad. Quantity discounts + P.O.'s accepted some or next day serve6onm96t6666rs.6a. r696oductions1219 W.Univ.6Ave. (n6he2story Electolux Bldg.) 375-COPY 4-7-5-4 CORNER DESK AND CHAIR, VERY GOOD CONDITION. 650 firm Cll Garand at 3724537. 4-3-3-4 SPEAKERS-3 way sound source, fused, high + mid-ronge controls, efficiency 96 db at I me'.r 6375 neg9tiab. 1callE 376-5136 4-8-5-4 SANSUI G 7506. 1 mo. old. 025 6d, 90 9666/16, power9 me"9fm666 6466high+ l""'t,e,4"9 50-e'go"6l-ca llEric AM-FM STEREO RECEIVER 35 Wats per chow nel Excellent Condition $IOD or best offer Coll374-4316 4-8-5-4 SPEAKERS-1 pairofOmga 3-wa spekers 12 inch woofer 40 wafte max cal l Pt 378-5136 $160-only 6 months old 4-7-4-4 T69 0ECK So6 STD 1790099C93tope player 861by 68.6969o p. 6switch110 only 6 mos. old Pat 378-513604-7-44 bue ,(enb1cke, 4001 wcos 9ccousic 306 bas .bot(inperectcon.9asking $650 or best offer, even. 373-7133 4-8-5-4 Electra Guitar w/cose for sole-never played hot life 6ine warranty $70D new-sking $450call376-1472 44--4 FANS, 26, only $15 Cll Fronk, 375-4611 9" tryng" 4-4-3-4 2 10-speeds$100, $150. Roller skas Men's (71 $30. Suitcse$5 Joh n. V8~4-4-3-4 74Suzuki-glec bass guitor-adventcdaim size D-oblebd -ith '-d-, dek 1 medium and Isma6 dreer. Will s 8 as a se 6 orseparate. All in good condition "37443. 4-4For sole: A pir of ADS 61420 speakers, Technics Int. amp and Microisheki Turntable with'Sa"'"car."d'recordscoil392-7783 4-3-24 Sopk ao maitagany, lie naw. SM.00 or bee offer. col 3M-3652 offer 5-0M p.m. "454 Nilchi PS 12 Turntable with Empire Gold 2000 E 1 Cartridge $120 call 37M3346 4-2-"Maximize this qluarfer with 6 ft. 6 in suff6bIrd. Green and yellow WAE6 $90 Paul AUTOS 1%02VW Microbu, reui 6861300 96gil1 Sell1call1Patrick376-9179 first 711.0 Dgets it73-1m.5-43For soeBuickRivr976 loaddoc rnf 6 frock quad chrome 9m6669wheels 6866 miles voloure inter. 151mpg. 2 door $3600 c611372-37666flr 6:30p.m. 44-5-5 SERVICES HYPNOSIS helps people attain goals by aiding any mental + physical ability studying/confidence/othsl6tics. Don Pro". director 373-3059 6-4-49-6 FREE Cuong Nhu Karate, M W F 5:30-7:0( pm Regis. 3-31-80 to 4-13-80 basement Fla. Gym. 4-11-10-6 Wdo-Ki Karate. Special beginner classes, intermediate, advanced, and children. 308 W. Univ. Co l 375-8144, 375-3602, 375-0996 RECYCLED BICYCLES we buy and sell all types and repair bicycles in any condo. 05 W. university ove. 372-4890 64-49-6 TYPING-Reasonable rates 23 yrs. expence. IBM Selectric. Thesis, dissert.9ns Manuscripts. Call Karon 375-2621 SCUBA CLASSES boon weeks of Apri I, 8, + 15. Professional Insruction, international certification. 6 open water dives. Optional ni9ht diveseafood dinner ando r Wet P.lm weekend dive offered, Experience the fun + adventure of scuba diving with us at Water World Dive Center 290 NE 39 Ave. SCUBA--FIN1SH IN FOUR WEEKS, INT. NAT. CERT. CLASSES BEGIN APRIL X, APRIL 22, OR MAY 5LEARN FROM THE FUN PEOPLE AT ALLEN'S AQUATIC + TRAIL CEN. 34th + Univ.Av. 373-9233Mon-So#9-8 5-5-26.6 Jous forr a n.w season in our now liune .CaNi fora fre o dohw AM -U, 

PAGE 14

14. allgator, wednesday, opril 2 1980 SERVIC ES FREE PREGNANCY TEST call BIRTHRIGHT 377-4947 6-6-49-6 Electronic Technician will repair your tv for a reasonable price $15 + parts for B+ W 20+ ports for color Call Gregg 377 8151 4-4-5-6 Sc copies (1 91. 4 Sc (1024), 4c 25-99) 3 5 (113-1991 3 Ic (200-499) 2 5c 5001 of one original 81 /2" by Il" 100% rog copies are t .7c while supplies lost with this ad Quantity discounts +P 0 s accepted same or next day service on mast orders Bocuroom Pro ductions 1219 W Uniu Ave (in the 2 story Electolux Bldg )375-COPY 4-7-4-6 CHILDREN'S KARATE ages 7-12. teaches discipline concentration, cooperation self confidence! enroll now CUONG NHU KARATE 809 W Univ or call 378-4172 for information 4-11-8-6 CUONG NHU KARATE learn self defense mental + physical conditioning free fighting group + private classes for men. women + children $18 monthly call 378-4172or visit809W Univ Ave 4-2-1-6 TYPING Spiral Binding-Xerox copies-Editing 1219W Un.erstyAve 378-9353 (One Block from Compus) 6-6-49-6 LEARN TO SAIL + FLY-A-HULL Catamaran 16' call Rog 378-9673 Evenings 4-7-4-6 NEED A GOOD PHOTOGRAPHER) Anything from casual portraits to weddings Reasonable rates. Call Ric.h 376-4928 4-22-15-6 Cuong Nhu Oriental Martial Arts-SOFT STYLE -mind + body development through rreditation by Master Ngo Dong call 378-4172orvisitO89W Unin Ave 4-2-1-6 MUSICIANS+ BAND REFERRAL SERVICES CO-OP and MAlL ORDER CATALOG SALES TOLL FREE 1-800-432-1958 5-12-38-6 TYPING 80 per page double-spaced Reports Dctophone Transcription, etc Coll Linda at 475-1694 4-4-5-6 SLEEPYHOLLOW Boarding Stables *Riding Academy Dressage huntseot stadium cross country jumps + trails Horses leased by month 375-8080 + 466-3224 6-6-49-6 CLASSICAL GUITAR AND LUTE LESSONS AR THUR LEVERING (M M Yale 1979) 375-1401 4-4-5-6 Scholastic Research Inc complete term paper and thesis research over 50,000 research papers on file Call us with your specific research needs and we'll call you bock with some possible selections from our files (305) 448-0377 3420 S Dote Hwy Miami Flo 33133 4-4-3-6 LEARN TO SKYDIVE No experience required Student + group rotesavailable Call Charles at 372-1957 4-22-I1 KARATE + JUDO UNIFORMS plus all martial orts equipment in stock Cuong-Nhu Karate Center 809 W Unto -,378-4172 4-2-1-6 WANTED CASH for GOLD, Sterling, diamonds, ewlery, class rings, cons, dental gold Will visit your home 376-5235 Mr Ritman 6-6-49-7 GOLD AND SILVER Class rings. Jewlery, Gems, Cash or Trade OZZIE 2001 NW 43rd. St 373-9243 6-649-7 ihe6 Quarterly Lease8 Available PlaG'eWe Offer: Free Maid Service Private Bedrooms Individual Leases *'25 Yds. From Campus And remember.we furnish roommates! 1231 S.W. 3rd Ave. Office opn across from Tigert Monday-Cfrday 372-3557 9 to 5 377-2344 for top market CASH on Silver anid Gold items of all kinds Yes' We boy class songs ofal types + sizes 377 234 4-4 5-7 HELP WANTED $365 00 weekly possible work 2 hours daly at home FREE BROCHURE contactR S PG0 Box 196G Coeurdalene idnho83814 4-4-5-8 Part time drers nust have own car Apply n person offe 2 pm 1718 W Univ Kitchen and waitress also 4 2 3 8 Counselors for North Carolina co-ed 8 week summer camp Room, meals, laundry salary and travel alowance Experience not necessary but must enjoy living and working with chilten Only clean-cot nonsmoking college students need apply For application/brochure write 1801 Cleveland Rd .Miami Beach, Flo 33141 4-4-5-8 EARN $100 A MONTH 2-3 hours a week IN YOUR SPARE TIME Earn $10 twice a week plus bonuses Donate plasma GAINESVILLE PLASMA CORP (since 1969)lNow at our new modern location 516 W Unversity Ave 378-9431 Call for appointment THIS AD WORTH S5 EXTRA for new donor only 6-6-49-8 COUNSELOR-entry level position for mature adult interested in youth + developing counseling skills Hours lipm-9am 4 doys/week call Connie at 375-5999 for info 4-4-5-8 Applications being accepted for Editor of the Florida Flambeau Must have editing. reporting. + supervisory experience on a daily newspaper Must be willing to work more than 40 hours a week Call Rick Johnson (904) 644-4075 before April 3 4-3-4-8 LOOKING FOR A JOB? Learn how to prepare an effective resume, organize a job compaign, interview successfully, $5.00. Transition Services, Box 4001, University, Alabamo 35486 4-14-10-8 Teachers wanted elem and secondary west and other states Placements since 1946 Southwest Teachers Agency P 0 Bux 4337 Alb. NM 87196 4-14-108 Full and part-time jobs available nowi AppAmeho's Bookstore offers you books by, for ly in person Shell Station at 1-75 and and about women, plus f-shirts + albums Newberry Rood 4-7-5-8 12 NW 8th St 377-0234 6-6-49-9 Port time telephone solicitor win 10 mao. 30 frs. per week $3 hr. to start 377-7009 between 9 + 5 ask for Alan 4-15-10-8 $353.88 weekly $5890 daily Homework. start immediately, Make this possibility a reality Free details Write P 0 Box 13327 Gainesvale, Fl 32604 4-8-5-8 PERSONAL Need An Elective? you'll enjoy 'a family in your future?" 3 cr EEC 3800 Sect 3066x, MWF 3rd 6520 Norman For info 392-0751 4-44-9 Spit my seams in my favorite leans Gotta phone Nera Getto clothes repair 377-8938 4-7-5-9 Tired of Honest Attorneys Try Hi Ho Silver He will take you for a ride Open Every Day 4-4-3-9 RUSH DELTA UPSILON 1814 W Untversity Ave -across from MurphreeSpring rush party tonight Playboy East 4-2-1-9 Join us April 7-11 for a week long focus on women, sponsored by Accent Call 392-1613 for mare information 4-2-1 9 Jack Hove a happy, new, tremendously outrageous birthiday-even though I'm not there I love you Rosie 4-2-1-9 Witz. Just wanted to say hit I'm glad you got your A in biology Take care and donr yawn inclassi Luv yo Pommv 4-2-1-9 TWILIGHT SHOW AT 5 PM ALL SEATS $2.00 .1TSUISU mw nl ee5:07:10 -AND 9:30 9 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS ROY SCHEIDER iamvis 5:00 7:00 AND 9:3. A "ONE OF THE YEAR'S 10 BEST" "Gene Sfsoli Pter Sders "B8NG TERE '1 WEDDING INVITATIONS one week delivery. 'undreds of styles Ciff Hail Printing 1103 N Main 376-9951 6-6-49-9 Excess Hair Problems Removed Forever Edmund Dwyer-Registered Electrologist (28 yrs exp ) Med opp'd methods Free Analysis and Trial Treatment 372-8039 102 NW 2nd Ave 6-6-49-9 Canoe or camp on the wonderful and nearby Suwannee Country, a cane + recreatonal guide at most local bookstores + trial shops or send $4 68 to CouncilCo P aBox 5822 Sarasota. Fl 33579 4-14-20-9 A DO-IT-YOURSELFER'S DREAM for active vacationers Boreboot cruises, Flo Keys, Bahamas 65' sailboat. capacity 17 Gather your group; we'll help with the rest LOW COST because you help the captain soil. cook, navigate, etc No experience necessary Also suited for interest groups and clubs Contact Windward Bound, 1535 Snapfinger R Decatur Go 30032 (404) 288-1259 4-2-3-9 Mature generous executive has funds available to help liberal W/F with inflation problems write MU P 0 Box 13284 Gainesville. 32604 4-7-6-9 Wado-Kai Karate Univ of Fla No instrucionol charge for UF students Special beginner classes Call 375-8144, 376-0998 4-18-15-9 X-ray technology program is accepting applications for June class must be hs grad Exc employment opp for info call SFCC 375-4203 4-4-5-9 PASSPORT job application resume photos. .READY IN 60 SECONDS*" Media Image Photography 505S Main St. 375-1911 6-6-49-9 immediate top cash paid for high school + college class rings and other gold or silver pieces private investor-*378-9651 4-4--5-9 Dolf in. Adidas, Bill Rodgers. and Sub 4 shorts and tops on sale-over 500 n stockwith the mere mention of this semi-prof. ad only thru 24 of Lloyd Clarke's Rocquet shop 1508 NW 13th St 372-7836 4-4-5-9 to call & check our LOW LOW AUTO & TRUCK INSURANCE RATES UNIVERSITY INSURANCE 5408 S.W. 13th St. (BesideBrown Derby) "Call for a courteous C TAKING MCAI starting at $44 nearly 9 -7 Sat. 9. o 5e"3 554 NOW AVAILABLE: "A Complete Preparation For the NEW MCAT. A 420 page self-study guide developed at Harvard University to improve science and math performance. Before investing hundreds invest only $14.00 (incl. postage) Health Professionals Education Service Inc. I 1901 Goya Dr., Rockville, MD 20854 Please forward copies of the NEW MCAT preparation guide at $14.00 per copy. Amount of enclosed check Print Name Address City/StateZip 4 Physical conditioning Karate techniques, ki (inner strength) development, self-defense, self-discipline, and philosophy CUONG NIIU KARATE hEALTh CENTER 809 W. UNIV. AVE. 378-4172 TYPIST WANTED The Independent Florida Alligator needs a part-time typist to work two or three nights. Must type at least 75 words per minute with 95 per cent accuracy. Contact Lee Herring after 6 p.m., 373-9926. WOO YOUJR LOVE in the motun5tns during spring-the most sensual tine of year. Say in fully equipped log and stone hideaways and capture your special moments. $25 for 2, S30 for 4, nitely il May 1. Mountain Brook cottages. Rt. 2 Box 301, Sylv, N.C. 704-586-4329 4-10-9-9 "GUIDE to idiocy" $2 "Snyder" 1701 S. Taylor, Arlington, Va. 22204 4-1-1-9 Mature female seeks expensive room in house to share with one other quiet person, m or f Call collect 1-813-349-9765. Beth. 4-7-5-9 Would Mary who was on Flight 336 Sot. Mar 8 from Atl. to Pgh. when we hod to make on emergency landing write Joe Ganter 124 Hiland's PI Pgh Pa. 15237 or call 412-364-8074 4-7-5-9 $S for records We buy, sell + trade records at Tom's used grooves-1642 W. Univ. Ave.Renaissance Fair (upstairs) 376-1472 4-21-15-9 Gaytalk has movedl Our new location is 1921 NW 2nd ove. We meet Tuesdays from 7 30-9:30 pm, call 378-0400, 373-3261 for info. 4-2-2-9 Gaytolk meets Tuesdays, 7-30-9:30 pm, 1921 NW 2nd ave., call 378-0400, 373-3261 for more info. All lesbians and goy men welcome 4-7-5-9 Students, Young & "Hard Luck" Drivers g Gainesville L5_S iety Ilook fa y doing resewrhreao to aIIM, write gorneaville s gornesville, flo. 32604 All Rocquetboll and Tennis off. All top brands Thru lothand1 mention of this inflation bing course, Lloyd Clarke's Rocket NW 13th St. 372-7826 4-4-5-9 LOST & FOU LOST please return geen noebod econ. lost library east. Leave at lbr reword rot. to 815 NW 20 ten Will theperson who found the in Corlion aud. on March 13 pleam to Math office. Rods in envelopeP, 4-2-1 -11 I2 .w I 

PAGE 15

I offers seek otal tourney y Chuck? MullIng ligator Writer UF golfers, ranked ninth nationally, opethey'll be able to play more than two rounds this weekend in the All-America intercollegiate which begins today in Houston, Tex. Freezing temperatures and snow wiped out half of last month's Pinehurst Intercollegiate in Pinehurst, NC., while last weeksJr.-Sr. Invitational in Auburn, Ala. was shortened a day because of rain. Gator coach John Darr said the recent foul weather has prevented his squad from being "tournament tough," and said he was disappointed by UF's play in Auburn. The Gators tied for fifth, I1 strokes behind Georgia Southern's 564 winning total. Tony DeLuca led UF with a 70-68 -138. The Vienna, Va., sophomore tied for individual honors during regulation play, but lost his bid for the championship when be bogeyed the first hole of the sudden-death playoff. Other individual scores for the Gators were Pat Venker at 70-74 -144, Larry Rentz and Mark Calcavecchia each with 74-73 -147 and Rick Pearson at 73-75 -148. "We played well in the practice round. I guess the fire turned to smoke," Darr said. DeLuca, Venker, Rentz, Calcavecchia and Pearson will turn their attention today to the Atoscacita Golf Club, outside of Houston, for the opening round of the All-America Intercollegiate. "Perennially this is one of the better tournaments. They have great tradition down there," Darr said of the four-day tourney. "Seven of the top 10 teams in the' country will be competing. "What we need are four solid rounds of golf to get us ready for the Southeastern Conference and NCAA championships next month," he said. In last year's Houston tourney the back nine of the second round proved to be deadly to the Gators. UF lost 14 shots during the nine holes and finished fourth with a 1,174 total, nine strokes behind first-place Houston. UF'S LARRY RENTZ FOLLOWS PUTT Gotors haven't been 'tournament tough' SMon. -Fri. 8 ia.-11pm. 15% OFF Uot9 SAtL P.M= =ANY=PRINTINGOR U n v e at j Sun. 10 am. -6p.m. COPYING ORDER Vaid ony with coupon at OPU U.C.C. Not valid with .ther CopyCenter '100 PRINTED I COPIES -OFFSET PRINTING The most complete 12lb 0 CPYING Copying & Printing Center in North Central Florida bond *TYESTTIG .C. otvalidatl with era *BOOKLETBNDING Now Offering Printing aliow e O REPORTS While You Wait I BIND YOUR REPORTS 0 RESUMES 2%OF *RE~u~gg25% OFF 1I SOFT COVER SPIRAL 1620 West Univeirsity Avenue I BINDING V~S 3247436 1Vaionywtcopnt In the Stag & Drag plaza" U.C.C. NW valid withathter &uPOnsExpires May 1, 1980 Women netters meet Carolina BY Jeff Curreiro A ligator Writer Many teams, after playing the top five schools in the nation within five days on the road, suffer a letdown in their next competition against a weaker opponent. However, according to UF coach Liz Broughton, the sixthranked Lady Gator tennis team can't afford to be mentally unprepared when it faces tenth-ranked South Carolina today at I at the Varsity Courts. "You have to keep reminding them that they (the Lady Gamecocks) are a tough team and have the talent to beat us," said Broughton, whose team is 6-0 at home this year. Our confidence is way up after our performance in the Brigham Young tournament, which is a good sign." UF (12-3) went into the invitational in Provo,Utah,ranked last in the six-team field. The Lady Gators proceeded to finish third, crushing No. 2 Stanford, fourth-ranked UCLA and No. 5 Trinity-. What made the three victories special to senior AllAmerican Joyce Portman were the obstacles UF encountered in its first match, a 5-4 loss to host-BYU. The Lady Gators played indoors and in high altitude for the first time this year. "The altitude had a tremendous affect on us," said Portman, who entered her No. 2 singles match with an undefeated dual meet mark of 10-0. All I had to do was touch the ball and it would fly. I missed at least 10-15 lobs by inches. Even thoughI lost and felt I played well. "Coming back now to the outdoors, it seems you have to slug the ball to get to go anywhere." Portman pulled an upper leg muscle while-attempting to return a shot in her No. 3 doubles match with -teammate Colleen McCabe. She sat out UF's 8-1 thrashing over UCLA and is expected to be in the lineup today against the Lady Gamecocks. UF's other loss in Provo came to top-ranked and defending national champ USC, 6-3. "They (the Lady Trojans) are strong down the line like we are, but we didn't really get killed," Portmansaid. "If weshould meet them in the nationals, we'll know what we are up against and won't be in awe of them." USC's good but they're not unbeatable," Broughton said. "Some of the girlscame upto me after the match and said, 'We can beat them.' Based on their high BYU Invitational showing, Broughton and Portman agree that UF should be ranked no lower than third when the next national rankings come out. The South Carolina contest will be important from an individual standpoint to junior Julie Pressly. Pressly lost five straight No. I singles matches at BYU, dropping her dual meet record to 7-8. She went 11-2 last year. "The girls I played were all pretty good and a lot tougher than I was," Pressly said. "It just wasn't my tournament, and I hope to break out of it real soon. "I'm not worried, just a bit concerned," Pressly added. Last year, the Lady Gators squeaked past South Carolina, 5-4, at the Varsity Courts. F ueeDeLivery Sp Area w7i7n14WaI.'UA COOP 3 U .t.t.r. us. Ma-orm Subrs, P iza ECS Ctornrers, vchE TC. f\ HOGIE"S Welcome SacSpecial 12" Turkey Sub With Free Medium Soft Drink Reg. $3.10 NOW ONLY $2.50 Om. Offer Per Cupon Expires 4/7 31-Oft ww~oae-. !.et PM showyouagoOdtm@ ports. I alligator, wednesday, april 2, 1980, 15 

PAGE 16

16, alligator, wednesday. april 2, 1980 Gators face USF and off-field woes By Noel Neff Alligator Staff Writer By looking at the abundnceof runs the UF baseba Il ean used to clobber Baltimore Unisersit during the eekend 14-3. 10-0 and 23-0 -soivwould ne er guess son of the Gators' tophitters were plans ing ith the IIn. John Brntle. Ton St'Isens. St-e Loibardo,/zi and Dav id Falcone all wer, feeling a bit i ,. but va h contributed to the three-game sweep. Esenheadcoach ja ergmuu issitittese \Viebbr had the sniffles. Shen the Gtors travel to Tampa tonight to plao South Florid.iat 7:30. howeier. it will be academic troubles sideling their hitting star. Third basen inMike Henle .batting a team-leading .432. failed a vinterquarter economics course b onefifth of a point nd ma nbe ineligible the rdst of the % ear. Thejunior needed a 58.0 average to pass the course but ended with a 57.S. Henle alsoileadsttF vith 4l hits. 10 doubles and 64 total bases. Unless his grade status changes. he'll be replaced in the lineup b Jim tonker or Das id Banes. CF is now more than halfwai through its regular season and posts an impressive 22-6 record. existls ihat it as a sear ago. The Gators hua e 25 games remaining., 15 of those in the Southeastern Conference Eastern Dii isin where UF (6-3) holds a slim first-place lead us er anderilt (7-4 But before pla ing three SEC games at Tennessee this weekend. the Gatorsmust face a 10-13 LSFteam tonightiat Red NMcEwen Field. While UF is riding a nine-game winning streak. the Bulls hase lostifour inutroii. The Bulls areled b designated hitter Scott Clement's 4.29 batting average. Fourth-sear USF coach and Hall of Famer Robin Roberts is expected to start right-hander John Putnam (3-Ii against Gator lefts Rob \turph (I1). A year ago. the two teams split a pair of one-run games. UF leads the intrastate series 17-5. The Gator pitching staff has allowed oni one earnedrun in fourgames, lowering the team ERA front 4.80 to 4.06. \teanwhil. UF's team batting average has increased to .325. Indis idualls. the team's hitting poscer has been supplies hiFalcone .390). Stese Flold ,386 Craig tCGrai .353. Lombardozzi .323). Stesens t316) and GlennuCarpenter.30. Lady Gators split The Lads Gator softball team scored two runs in the fifth inning topace a 3-1 ictorx oser South Florida and a doubleheader split Tiursda in Orlando. UF lost the opener to Central Florida 3-2 In the nightcap Lad (ator outfielder Terri Lane scent 3for-3 and pitcher Hazel Fuller recorded the victor as CF mproied its mark toIS -5. A final-inning bases-loaded triple rased the Ladl Gators 2-0 ad antage in the first game as Central Florida came from behind for the is in. STEAKHOUSE& LOUNGE Half Broiled Chicken tender plump chicken, broiled to perfection Chopped Steak ground from the beef that makes us famous Fried Fish Filets golden fried treats from the deep Half Lb. Shrimp we boil em, you peel em Steak Sandwich served on rye or pumpernikle Served with french fries, salad bar or Caesar salad, and of course, all the free beer, wine, and soda you wish, with dinner. 3.95 Caesar Salad or Salad Bar and Beer,Wne,& Soda 2.95oBoiled Shrimp 99* Per 1/4 Lb served as an appetizer, with dinner 1900 S.W. 13th St (441 S. Dinner every night from 5 (4% sales tax &12% service charged Banquet facilities available 372-2777 STEHOM& LOUNGE 'ci --tm After the verb "tolove,," "to help" is the most beautiful verb in the world. Recritment Tues. April 8 7:30 Lion Ballroom For Mor Information Call 392-1608 You can help in an ol Project Samson's 14Svrvie L warning programs. SPRING $2O00SUIT SALE Buy any suit in stock and get the next suit up to equal value for $20.00 SALE ENDS SAT. This is the sale you've been waiting for. Not just a few selected suits for this sale, but every suit in stock. Nationally known suit companies including Hardwick, Brookfield and Levi. This is a terrific time to purchase that great looking new spring suit in stripes, westerns, 4-piece and polylinens. Hurry for best selection. LISTEN TO WGVL Fri. 4-7 Sat. 12-3 For a Live Remote Broadcasts and more spectacular specials! / '/ I. Gainesville 1-75 & Newberry Rd II. Albertson's Plaza III. Ocala 40 E. Plaza U IV. Tampa East Lake Square Mall V. University Square Mall 
