
PAGE 1

REPLACES PLAZA OF AMERICAS $1.5 Million Complex Plans Announced (EDITOR'S NOTE:. This is the second story of a two part series involving UF's growing pains.) By JAY GARTMAN Aggravator Writer Walter Matherly, UF President Stephen C. O'Connell's choice to solve educational growing pains, announced the construction of a new Environmental Arts Complex on the Plaza of the Americas. Matherly's decision to build the complex fit into a scheme to head off a predicted classroom shortage by the end of 1971. THE INEQUITIES of UF's ability to face student enrollment increases can be stated with two facts: student enrollment has a five year increase of 9.3 percent while building expansion wallows around 3.8 percent during that same period. UF President Stephen C. O'Connell has tried to catch up with what he calls "acute growing pains" by appointing Walter Matherly as his special assistant in charge of building expansion. The complex will cost $1.5 million and construction will begin June 1, according to Matherly. MONIES FOR the project were obtained from a $25 million higher education bond issue passed by the electorate last April. UF has been apportioned $4.5 million more, but neither Matherly nor O'Connell would elaborate where these funds would be used. However, O'Connell hinted that it would be feasible to allocate half to any University Activity Center plan. The Plaza of the Americas was picked because of its large amount of acreage so near to the Arts and Science Center. Money and land are not the only opponents -to O'Connell's expansion program. Environmental Action Group Chairman Brad Raffle, 3JM, has petitioned the president in behalf of the EAG stating that "UF is rapidly losing its ecological balance and further encroachment with cement and glass suffocators could create an environmental disaster." O'Connell replied to Raffle, "What are a few trees and some blades of grass in the face of progress." The FloridaAggravator THE TRUTH IS WHAT WE SAY IT IS Vol. 62, No. 109 University of Florida, Gainesville March 32, 1970 NIXON ANNOUNCES O'Connell Gets Supreme Court Nomination CARLOS J. LICEA Ki K'S NEW FACE With the elections approcnmng, of promises to be one of the most spirited races for the these billboards have sprouted the Florida governor's mansion in Tallahassee. highways. As the reader can ,this campaign Fall uition Lowered Tuition will be lowered beginning fall quarter under a resolution passed at Tuesday's Board of Regents meeting in Tampa. Chairman D. Burke Kibler said the tuition drop was not only possible, but "clearly necessary" in the wake of rising costs. The resolution calls for a gradual reduction of tuition from $150 to $125 fall quarter, $110 spring quarter and, finally, to $90 in the fall of 1971. The Regents chairman said the decreasing tuition rate would be effected by "belt tighitening" in the university system. Using the recent Florida State Government Reorganization Plan passed last year, Kibler said that 100 administration jobs would be re-evaluated and "certain positions would be alleviated." FRED R. BUKARD, general auditor for the university system, estimates that the resulting phasing out of certain "Class III administrative jobs" in the proportion that Kibler proposes could save UF appwoxisately $425,000, move than enOug needed for the proposed tuition cuts. "I feel that this is just a decision made at an emotional moment when cool heads did not prevail," said Rae Weimer, UF presidential assistant. "I am happy that theRegents saw fit to decrease some of the financial burden of the student, but I am shocked at their methods and I feel that through lack of proper administration the student will suffer in the long run," Weimer added. Mystery Of Moon: Could UF Have It? The moon rock on display at the Reitz Union caused much excitement among several students Monday afternoon. The small rock on tour from the space center in Cape Kennedy was encased in glass for viewers. As several students stopped to view the lunar limonite, one, identified as Slavina Weenawyatt (2DK), noticed an insect-type creature emerging from the rock. Alarmed, the student called Bkr the representative from the space center and asked him to identify what seemed to be a form of life on the moon rock. The representative said no life had been traced on the rock samples. He claimed that it was impossible for life to be on the display rock. On further observation, hswewr, the space center representative verified the stusdat's findings. There was some type of organism on the rock. Aerospace re arched and various biological experts were summoned to delerinine the type of life on the lunar specimen. The rock was removed' from display yesterday afternoon for further investigation in a laboratory. After 29 hours of intensive experimentation and scrutiny, Lattamore Coaktafsiz announced that they had identified the organism. It seems that the life on the moon rock was a lunatick. WASHINGTON (API) -President Richard M. Nixon last night rescinded the nomination of Federal Judge Harrold Carswell, and immediately placed the name of Stephen C. O'Connell, former Florida Supreme Court chief justice, to the Supreme Court vacancy. In a suprise announcement from the White House, Nixon admitted Congress had effectivly pigeon-holed the Carswell nomination. NIXON chastized Congressfor turning down what he called "one of the most able men ever to sit on the federal bench," and renewed his vow to place a southern conservative on the high court bench. The chief executive said his decision was based on "overwhelming evidence" by his own polls that Carswell could not receive senate confirmation if the vote is taken this week as expected. "IT SHAKES my faith in this Congress that a man of Judge Carswell's calibre could be maligned and torn apart as he has been done in committee hearings," Nixon said. Carswel's nomination follows that of Clement Haynesworth, the South Carolina federal judge who was turned down this summer by the Senate. Haynesworth's nomination was defeated by a wide margin after it was leaked of his connection with several industrial firms as an advisor, and his affiliation with a financier Louis Wolfson, recently released from prison after serving a stock fraud conviction. O'CONNELL is presently St serving as president of the "This is going to be a fantastic University of Florida at hassle, but I'm willing to go He left the Supreme Court through with it. I will be a great post to accept the administrative honor." post at his alma mater in June O'Connel, named by President 1967.n Richard Nixon last night to the O'Connell's three years at the Supreme Cotrt, was elated by souther state college have been the annosiroeinent, which he unmarred by either racial or sad "was a lttle eady." protest movements. It is i CE R Tai l Y wasn't expected that one of O'Connell's "IT CERTAINLY n san't unexpected," O'Connt said, strongest points will be his "but I dldq't antics "order on campus" policy which announ n ent lise c a ny. He has left Florida with one of the quietest campuses in the nation. t fora O'Conaeil is considered Are moderate tham either of his two unsuccessful predecessors. As court chief justice of the Florida posito by Sen. Edward Supreme Court, he wrote several GuiAtty, te sbers who gave decisions paving the way for Nixon the namema ofJudgeHarrold total school desegregation, as wel as citizen's rights in the G 'Canell said he had same region of the country cared with NiXoa several where segregation has been a way of life for a century. (SEE 'STEVE' PAGE 32) fNmS4,EAREL 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Florida ANIgEStr, Wednesday, AprN 1, 1970 SECOND ANNUAL With malice aforethought, the Florida Alligator takes sadistic pleasure in presenting these: HainmBuo r Awards RIP -'AWARDS ______________________________To Charlk the olds ashool4u two teni come bad one day. To Mike Davidson, who gallantly nt out two years ago to build a par of pools on the UF campus. The pools and Mike have gone to a just reward. Shepherd, who became at living continuallyndent, and finally left, a s as president, who may k to school and graduate To Robert Cade, inventor extrodlnare, who finally got fed up wit gatorade rnd hopped off with hs hop-n'-gator beer to better plaues The Golden Booby Prize Award, for coming in lasting the draft. last day, last letter, but he didn't need it anyway, cause he's going to law shool. Anda seeing eye dog. And a seeing aye dog to Lester Hale, who made a personal inspection of the Tower, which was attempting to secure 24 hour open house policy, and commented that it looked "Just 1le any other dorm" he had ever seen. With Crowning Glory To the freshman cla at UF, who threw off their diackles en masse, along with their beanies, end left the only two participants in the presidents offices at Tigert Hall and the Student Governmentoffices. GREAT PLACES AWARDS To the folks at the Reitz Union, who flidly figured out how to hit students for a dollar while they wait three hours in line to get a two buck heir out. To Perry, Fla., which had the audacity to still bill itself as the Eclipse Capital of the World, even after the thing was over, and no one had seen the san, much lass seen it disappear. MIGHTY QUOTE AWARD To the Accent 70 official who remarked upon learning no one had ever judged or awarded prizes to the say oontest participants, that "we never really expected anyone to enter, so we didn't bother." The Biggest Boom(Doggle) In Dixie To Lake Wauburg, destined for greatness with a meesive rebuilding program, unless it dries up first, or gae so polluted you can't swim in it. Just in case, SG is spending 50,000 fore pool at tie lake. Oriental Tea-house Atmosphere Serving Authentic Chineese Food at Popular Prices LUNCHES AND DINNERS -NO TIPPING 10 MINUTE CARRYOUT SERVICE AVAILABLE. CALL 372-6801 .in the Village Square on 441 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the University of Florida and Is published five times weekly except during, June, July and August when It's published semi-weekly, and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida Alligator, Reitz Union Building, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32601. The Alligator Is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida 32601. Subscription rate is $10.00 per year and $3.50 per Quarter. The Florida Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of all advertisements and to revise or turn away copy it considers objectionable. The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustments of payments for any ag ertisement I c sfv PW I er rin u rf nr InV11ice, Istgivem *td't)A a9e (n(1)oed at h atL,,,iserfn e tm* t~' a loW &Qs f11 nAe -thsansone 4ncorrecvt in a ar t sesfral times. Noticesfor IUWfakt n Iitbe given or t next Insertion. SHORTEST STORY AWARDS The University Activities Complex, which went down the drain after spending oodles of money for brochures to every student, and ads all over the airwaves. It died stage 6 months. 2 0 Wait Morgan, who inherited the presidency from Charlie Shepherd, doesn't want it, has only been at UF for two years, and can't wait for his four-week term to end. Brown Athletic ID cards (remember those?) which must have lasted almost three weeks, one of the greatest monuments to red tape in the history of the university. To Howie Vogel Florida Experimental College Registration Week: March 31-April 4 in the Plaza of the Americas 1 O OA-"lONight) ------------------------------------------- 

PAGE 3

Wednesday, AprN 1, 1970, The FlorM AUlelger, Pas 3 TWO-YEAR DEFICIT ILLEGAL Finances By TERRY PITMAN AWIgstorWriher The UF Athletic Department is facing a financial crisis. It is required by law, as an incorporated organization to show a profit or at least break even. It has done neither. ACCORDING TO Athletic Director Ray Graves, UF athletic department has operated with a deficit for the past two years. UP F esident Stephen C. O'Connell said that the deficit has been made up by advance ticket sales. The projected deficit for 1970-1971 is from $50 -$80,000. "WE NEED the (ticket) money to take up our deficit and to make already needed repairs,". Graves said, "We now have about $450,000 improvements to make to keep Plague Athletic pace with the SEC opposition." "A GREAT universe He listed renovation of Yon Hall, extent dependent onc finishing dressing rooms, resurfacing tennis the alumni," he said. "I courts, installing lights for baseball field, is treated in such a wa and making improvements on track fteld. bad feeling when Graves also -commented that a reserve university." needs to be built up for an indoor pool or "You will not get for a stadium additional. needed to transform th W. E. RION, director of Reitz Union, to a great institution," present at the original meeting discussing The second altern the problem, said of the proposal; "I see no increased general admiss other alternative." 1970 season from $6.5 "They do need the money," said will net approximately $ Secretary of Athletics Lee Greene, "but Therefore an additio other avenues of additional revenue should would net $140,000 and be considered." decrease in attendance. He said alumni contributions should be The third suggestions sought. efficiency of the spring s Alumni already contribute as members AS OF the present, f of the Gator Club and Century Club. department about $500 Department ity is to a large contributions from f this student body y, they will have a they leave this the contributions e UF from a good Greene continued. ative listed was ions tickets for the 0 to $7.00 which 70,000. nal raise .to $7.50 so forth, barring a was to evaluate the ports program. football profits the 0,000. In turn the other sports programs account for a loss of approximately $400,000. The fourth proposition was to raise the sum allocated in the tuition without raising tuition. At the present time Florida State University has introduced an act to the state legislature to allocate ten dollars to the athletic department form the present activities fee. "All others getting funds from the fee would have to scramble for what was left." Greene said, "This is unrealistic in our situation." As to the proposal adopted by the Athletic Broard, Greene said it could prove disasterous to student attendance. "This proposal could cut student attendance in half," he said. "Who can say they will have the same date for every game besides married students?" $4 Ticket Fee Florida Alligator Given OK THE SOUTHEAST'S LEADING COLLEGE NEWSPAPER Vol. 62, No. 85 University of Florida, Gainerwille Wednesday, April 1. 1970 State Legislators Accept Invitations For Discussion By JAY GARTMAN Alligator Writer Ten state legislators have accepted invitations to UF's second Legislative Day, scheduled for April 11, but UF administrators are not sure whether this opportunity will be used to discuss the proposed budget cuts. Both Fred H. Cantrell, dean of university relations and development and Rae 0. Weimer, assistant to the president, were not aware of any plans to talk to the legislators about the budget at that time, but they would not discount the possibility. "UF PRESIDENT Stephen C. O'Connell might have plans to approach the visitors," Weimer said, "but he has not announced them." O'Connell was in Tallahassee working with the budget committee Monday and could not be reached for comment. Three of the visiting ~i'~~jI legislators have direct influence over the State University System or its budget. They are: Senator Lawton Chiles (D-Lakeland) who is chairman of the Senate Ways and Means Committee and a member of the Senate Education Committee; William E. Powell (R-Indialantic) is a member of the House Appropriations Committee and Representative Kenneth MacKay (D-Ocala) a member of the House Higher Education Committee. LEGISLATIVE DAY will be held in conjunction with the Engineering Fair April 10, 11 and 12. The lawmakers will be here that Saturday afternoon to tour the fair which is being held at the new engineering complex and at Weil Hall. "The legislators were invited here by the Benton Engineering Council (sponsors of the fair) in appreciation of the legislative support that they have given us," said Phil Parrish, 7EG, Legislative Day chairman. For Se ptember By CHAR L ES TR ENTE LMAN AlIetWriter A proposal-to charge students admission to home football games in the 1970-71 season has been passed by the Athletic Association and will go into effect next September. The announcement came Tuesday by Athletic Association President Mandell Glicksburg after two days of rumors. THIS MEANS for the upcoming football season. LEE GREEN .explains tickets Students Hijack Jet SEOUL, South Korea (UPI) -Authorities disguised Kimpo Fifteen sword-swinging Japanese e the youths think it was youths held 100 persons hostage Pyo but the ruse failed to in a locked Japanese -jetliner lure the ckers out. early today and threatened to blow it up with homemade pipe IA bombs unless the pilot flew to Communist North Korea. WHICH ONE? Avsdon-Blek, Se kidchesdtfih, i Ishown here a of his meny 'lets" for fqwJFjMsiers-by. His knee sem-ed fixed to' one position throughout -is this the secret to his suces? See story popu 5. The 93 passengers aboard included two Americans. Some were lashed into their seats by, t h e 15 youths who commandeered the plane Tuesday morning after it left Tokyo. More than 12 hours later, fiite -Iotio '1orr, to fly to *or*,h KoteaV.Wv stymied and the plane landed at Seoul's Kimpo Airport. students will have to pay $12 for a four-game season ticket, plus the present activities fee, or $4 per ticket for an individual game. The first home game of the season, Sept. 12, will cost students $3 but will not be included in the season tickets. Admission wiol be on a first come, first served basis. Date tickets will cost $4 each, a season date ticket costing $20 for the five games. A MEETING between UF President Stephen C. O'Connell and representatives of organizations which receive parts of the student activity fee will be held today. Glicksburg said the matter would possibly be discussed and even changed. William Elmore, UF vice president of business affairs, said it was his understanding that the measure has been passed and will take effect. He said the president's meeting would not alter the decision of the Athletic Association. The purpose of charging for admission is to alleviate financial difficulties of the Athletic Association. It is expected to end this year in debt by $50,000 to $80,000. RAY GRAVES, director of the Athletic Association, did not say that the decision had been made yet to charge admission. "The final decision would be made by the Board of Directors of the Athletic Association and the president (O'Connell) in conjunction with the meeting on Wednesday," he said. Graves said he could see no alternative to the plan, which would be temporary until the university could obtain state legislative kpfoval to increase the student activities fee by $10. THOSE MEMBERS of the Board of Directors contacted by the Alligator Tuesday would not comment on the measure. Order blanks and information about the season tickets will be the start 1 al season. (SEE 'FEE'PAGE 4) The "COME TOGETHERS" on plaza abolished by a recommendation signed by O'Connell .page 4 Claselfleds.50L Editodialla.:. a pede.m .:1 wste Hppas. ..14 What's Happuning .5 -1 

PAGE 4

LOW TIDE? THOMAS Apparently not for the Gator Sail Club. The UF 349 of the Union. Cap'n Al Bart sports a toothy sailors set up a whole sailboat In Reitz Union lobby, grin and a salty invitation from a poster on the side announcing their meeting tonight at 7:30 in Room of the boat. Fee Proposal Passed For students who do not want home games for a total of $20. ROM PAE3 a season ticket, individual tickets 0 Dates for the sale of season will be available before games at date tickets will conform to The tickets, according to Lee $4 each. All seats, in blocks or student priorities." Greene, student government individual, will be reserved in GREENE SAID students who secretary of athletics, will be person, Greene said. want to take a date, student or sold only on the. following The minutes of the otherwise, and purchase season priority basis.y Senses and grau Administrative Council and tickets would have to take the 0 Seniors and graduate Department Chairmen same date to allfour games. students -Sep t. 22. committee, which formulated "Anybody not married had 0 Sophomores -Sept. 23. the original proposal, say the better find a date or go stag," he 0 Freshmen -Sept. 24. following with regard to date said, "because you cannot 0 Others -Sept. 25 tickets: change ticket assignments." STUDENTS WILL be able to "PREVIOUS ARRANGEThe Athletic Association had obtain season tickets only on MENTS for sale of student made arrangements to publish a these dates. These priorities will season date tickets will remain full page ad in the Alligator also determine seating at the the same : Thursday explaining the whole games, with the seniors sitting 0 3,000 (tickets) at $4 per process, but cancelled the ad closest to the 50 yard ine, seat on a season ticket for five Tuesday afternoon. No rRock' On Plaza By PHYLLIS GALLUB Aligataf Writer Students will no longer be able to "come together" on the Plaza of the Americas -at least if they plan to use "electrically amplified instruments." UF President Stephen C. O'Connell Tuesday approved the recommendation of the Public Functions Policy and Lectures Committee to limit use of amplifying instruments to "events scheduled inside buildings or sponsored by the Reitz Union." UNIVERSITY Public Functions Manager Eleanor Roberts said Andy Kramer, organizer of the Saturday afternoon "come togethers' begun last quarter, will try to get the committee to retain the original policy. However, she said, some restriction was needed. The Plaza is located in front of the library. She said there have been many complaints about the noise from people trying to use the library and other adjacent areas. SHE SAID another reason for the action is that a large number -an estimated 60 per cent -of the people attending these events are not UF students. This creates a need for outside control because of drugs and alcohol being used by minors, she said. Mrs. Roberts said the university cannot afford to police the area, and it becomes a question of the type of recreation a university is obligated to provide. JOE HILLIARD, a student on the six-member committee, said the matter had been under discussion for several weeks. Hilliard said some action is necessary because of the noise. However, the Celebration, a local rock group, will appear on the Plaza Friday. This is apparently because approval was granted before the new policy took effect, he said. ........ BRA3 A BONANZA3UflGER! -/ 1r9 Beq~g #fIs Or you may want a juicy, tender Bonanza sthk Served with a steaming-hot, buttery baked potato, Texas toast and a cool, crisp, green salad. #1 Sirloin Strip. Strip Steak. 8 oz. boneless or 11 oz. bone-in. .1.1.99 #2RIb Eye. Rib-eye. 6oz. 1.59 %#3Top Hend.T--one Steak .1oz 2.99 or # 4 Bunkhouse Special. chopped Steak. '5 oz. French fries, toast, cole slaw. 1.29 #5Bonanzeburger Deluxe. Beef Patty. 4 oz., french fries, cole slaw, lettuce, onion pickle.'ChIcklets'. .. or #6 GoldenNugget Fried Chicken. 3 pieces, french fries, toast, cole slaw.1.59 #7 Shrimp Platter. 5 shrim, french tries toast, cole slaw, lettuce. ..1.59 #o Seafood Platter.uI fishcake or 2 fish filets, 3 scallops, 2 shrimp, french fries, toast, COW slaw, lettuce .1.59 #9 L "Wrangler. 3 Drummettes or beef patty, french fries, toast, Jelo. .89 Tell George how you liked it! NO. 1053 2445 SW 13th St. OPEN 11:00A.M. 'IL 9:00P.M. 7 DAYS A WEEK ) I I m A 

PAGE 5

BY FLA. LEGISLATORS Oath Supported By ELLEN DUPUY speech, including academic Alligator Writer freedom." Florida Blue Key ran into a 0 "I often wonder just how hornets' nest of legislators over far the public will be asked to go the controversial loyalty oath. in harboring, encouraging and In a two-page letter to the promoting the forces of Florida legislators, FBK asked revolution all in the name of them to repeal the law which protection of academic requires state university personel freedom." to sign the oath. "Large numbers of Don Middebrooks, FBK university officials, faculty president, cited as reasons for members and other state the request the pursuit of employees do not believe this ''academic freedom" for impairs any basic academic professors at the university, freedom." HE SAID the loyalty oath 0 "I for one, will not be a requirement was "unnecessary, party to the payment of one and places an unfair burden on nickel of public monies to a many university professors and university employe or any other employes." public employe who is unwilling A letter by the legislators had to agree to sign and abide by the the following comments: oath." 9 "The loyalty oath is a deterrent to those who would Union Reduce violently overthrow our government, destroy our Gainesville's Laborers' Local institutions, and then deny free 1101 will reduce initiation fees ........................ Actor Entertains At Union This Week: ByJANET RILEY Alligator Wrier Avadon-Black, traveling actor, charlatan and troubadour fascinates students as he shows them that they cannot win. At one point he takes a colorful bag out of a knapsack and tells the students standing by to pull out of it the evil of the world. THE EVIL of the world is represented by a rubber creature with the eyes of a peeping tom, green with jealousy and the tongue of a gossip. Avadon-Black is at the Reitz Union this week to familiarize students with his personal brand of theater, to be presented at the Union auditorium April 6 and 7. Majoring in drama at UCLA, Avadon-Black "became fascinated with an idea. That idea was a new kind of theater." HE WANTED to start a type of theater close to the people and life, not isolated by a curtain and a stage. In April of 1969, Avadon-Black left Los Angeles to start that new theater. He lives only on money audiences donate and offers of "a place to eat or to crash, both are equally valuable." His drama puts the audience in his place as he assumed the roles of people he has met on the road who particularly touched him. He feels his trip and his theater have been quite successful and the next step is to form a repertory company to do what he now does alone. "I am happy about it. Very happy." Kp* t -rk,.hM* lfgfrj4 By CARLOS J. LICEA Alligator Writer Claude Kirk's campaign and the Governor's Club were attacked by State Rep. William C. Andrews, chairman of the House Elections Committee. Andrews told UF Young Democrats Monday night that his committee is sponsoring legislation to curb illegal campaign contributions and fund raising. DURING ANDREW'S investigation of the controversial Governor's Club, he allegedly uncovered irregularities made by Claude Kirk during his campaign for election in 1966, and of illegal contributions made to the Republican party. Andrews charged thats Student Dues for UF students this summer. UF students will pay a $50 tax deductible initiation fee instead of a normal $100. EARL NICCUM, local organizer for the AFL-CIO affiliate promised full union protection for part time UF student laborers. "We will let students pay the union two dollars a day from their pay until they complete their national book," Niccum said. Gainesville union laborers make $2.50 an hour, and $5 an hour for overtime. THE STUDENT laborers would also be covered by the local's medical insurance program. "It is just good politics for us t o help college boys each summer. We will probably meet some of those UF kids on an arbitration board someday," Niccum explained. The Gainesville local will provide men to at least three UF construction projects this summer. "ficticious contributors" had given money for Kirk's campaign in 1966. And that some of the contributions had been recorded in the names of people who had never existed. "Deposits were made by 17 people of $1000 each," Andrews said, "of those 17, 14 don't exist, and the other three swore they had never given money for Kirk's campaign." ANDREWS SAID that he cannot mention a specific instance in which a favor was made for a contribution to the Governor's Club, but that in Volusia County a consultant engineer job was given to a man that had contributed $12,000 or $15,000 contribution." To curb campaign irregularities, his committee has proposed the following legislation: 9 All contributions in excess of $100 will be made by check, and have the campaign treasure file a photostatic copy of the check with the state. Have the state auditor general audit all tgampaign reports filed in statewide elections. 0 Prohibit indirect c o n t r i b u t i o n s o r contributions made in the name of other people. 0 Require the sponsors of cam p aign dinners or testimonial affairs file a notice of intention with the state, listing the contributors, and make this information part of the public record." V\H IT)DDh IN GATORLAND POUTICS: The Ad Hoc Committee to form an Independent Student Party is calling an all-student congress tonight in room 347 of the Union. HAVE A PEACE BALL: The SMC open steering committee meeting tonight in room 363 of the union. All SMC members are urged to attend and make plans for the Anti-Military Ball and the April 18 mobilization. GRAVE DIGGERS INC.: Looking for adventure? try caving. The Florida Speological Society meets tonight at 7 p.m. in room 361 of the Reitz Union. VETS CON: The Veterans against the war in Viet Nam meet tonight at 7:30 in room 355 of the Union. A short film will be shown. Kirk Calls Election TALLAHASSEE (UPI) -Gov. Glaude Kirk Tuesday called for a special election to fill the vacancy for the state Senate seat from Hillsborough Coupty caused by the death of Sen. Joseph A. McClain Jr. Kirk set the first primary for April 21 and the runoff, if necessary, for May 5. If no runoff is needed, the general election would be held May 5, but it would be set for May 19 ifa runoff is required. The governor also asked Hillsborough State Attorney Joseph Spicola, who recently launched an investigation of Election Supervisor Jim Fair, to file a report today on whether the controversial official is capable of conducting the special election. SCULPTUR-KUT athutff k_, HAIRSTYLE r UNIVERSITY PLAZA 9 Men's Barber and Style Shop 1620 W. Univ. Ave. 373-1195 3 Roffler Stylists & Barbers 7 Barbers Appointments Available Curl Relaxing 6-8 wk. guarantee Capiloscope analysis of hair & scalp problems & their treatment The Roffler nl hairstyle you will receive today is the result of the dramatic technique developed by Edmond Roffler. The Roffler Sculptur-Kut GbVaIrtook, is the first major advance in men's hairstyling to come along'f-iA 50 yeav. .:i14at dit's so.n yique:Ihai Oaff ler Sculptur-Kut is the only men's hairstyling technique registered by the United States PatentOffice. Your stylist considers you as an individual person, not as just another head of hair. He'll study every detail and feature of your head and facial characteristics. Then, and only then, will he apply the Sculptur-Kuttechnique to style your hair to complement with your features. PHI KAPPA PSI, NUMBER ONE IN SCHOLARSHIP,) offers you an opportunity to te-iV ed in a unique experience, academics combined with a well-rounded social life. The Brotherhood of Phi Kappa Psi, chartered in 1967, cordially invites you to visit our fraternity during Open House on Wednesday and Thursday 7:30 to 10:30 PM, or at our Smoker at the Union 7:00 to 9:00 PM. Phi Kappa Psi 1125 SW 4th Ave. 372-7817. .,. ... 

PAGE 6

Page 6, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 1, 1970 The Florida Robert Fraser Editor-In-Chief AlligatortoI Allga orEarl Hartman John Sugg The price of freedom News Editors is the exercise of responsibility. "Come to Chevron island. .." Left Takes On The RI ght LOS ANGELES -Not since the days of Nelson Rockefeller's grandfather Aldrich has the United States had a candidate for the Senate as rich as the man who now opposes George Murphy in California's Republican primary. But it is not only money, $150 million by some estimates, which distinguishes Norton Simon. It is an attitude about money. It is an attitude which might have frightened even old Sen. Aldrich. Murphy can be forgiven for not understanding it at all. "Not a good enough capitalist" Simon said of Murphy when he filed for the Senate race an hour before deadline. It was a typical Simon remark, conservative not in the Barry Goldwater sense of propping up ancient cliches, but in the sense of America's half-forgotten faith in really free enterprise. In today's society such a capitalist is a rebel, and it was frustrated rebellion which brought Simon into the race. For nine and one-half years this lean ascetic figure, who resembles a prince of the Medici more than the board chairman of a conglomerate, has been coping with the problems of the University of California as a member of the minority faction on the state's Board of Regents. Like all true capitalists, Simon believes that institutions are created to perform and that when they do not perform they should be changed or junked so that others can be created to perform instead. Clearly, Simon thought, the institution called the University of California was not performing very well. Simon would split it up, undo the vast educational establishment with its built-in privileges, hierarchies and nest-feathering reciprocities and try to get something that will work. Dynamic change is the Simon philosophy, and it is the hallmark of the true capitalist. Alas for true capitalism, very few people believe in it any more. And so, as he sat at a meeting of the Board of Regents and realized that he faced still another year of struggling to make his point of view to Ed Pauley, the aging oil man who is in control of the university's investments, and that once more Gov. Ronald Reagan would be propping up what seemed Frank Mankiowicz. Ito him outdated practices with tough talk and threats of force, it seemed more than he could bear. Robert Finch had been his ally on the Board of Regents. What, Simon thought to himself, was Finch going to do? He made a telephone call, ascertained that Finch was not going to enter the Senate race and at once made up his mind to do it himself. Can a capitalist win election in the year 1970? It seems doubtful. Capitalist ideas are so revolutionary. That if something fails it should go out of business is a creed to which Americans may still subscribe. But do they really want to see it practiced? The idea is as dangerous to the Establishment as any advanced by student militants. Unlike some student militants, of course, Simon is responsible. He would not simply destroy institutions. His capitalist's creed is to build institutions to serve a need. Simon made his money by taking over bankrupt or near-bankrupt companies, finding the fat, cutting it out and making them serve a need once more. In Simon's creed, Murphy and Murphy's brand of conservatism, a brand shared more or less by most American businessmen, is not capitalism but arteriosclerosis. But capitalists want to win, and it may be that on this point Norton Simon will flounder. He hasn't made up his mind whether he wants the Senate seat or whether he wants to say, so that people will listen, "Why are we doing it this way?" And he hasn't made up his mind which of these two courses would be the one that would in his own terms permit him to "win." EDITORIAL News Coverage: .Some Questions The campus newspaper has fallen on hard times. It has descended from the pillar of established respectability it has held in the past. Critics cite the rise of strident militancy and the increased use of half-proved assertions to establish this trend. In our first issue Monday we pledged fair, widespread news coverage to the UF community. After trying to report the football ticket controversy, we have a new appreciation for our task. We do not expect controversial news stories to be printed for us and placed in our mailbox. On the other hand we do not expect undue subterfuge to be used when we investigate a newsworthy issue. Apparently such subterfuge was used when we started on this story and it has continued. We first learned of the $3 price on student football' tickets Monday afternoon. Immediately, we began checking the information supplied us by Lee Greene, Student Government secretary of athletic affairs. We reported the story as honestly and objectively as possible. We sought the counsel of all the members of the Athletic Committee we could reach, including the chairman, President Stephen C. O'Connell. When we were assured the issue was but a proposal, we reported what we could substantiate. Furthermore, we ran the story on page two of Tuesday's Alligator, not page one. We were avoiding sensationalism. We were surprised to hear the Athletic Association's announcement Tuesday afternoon. The mere proposal had taken the form of reality in a remarkably short period of time. In addition to our surprise, we felt rather foolish. Apparently, we have been had. Apparently, those in command of the situation were able to manage the news for their own purposes. No outright lying is necessary in this process, the supression of facts is adequate. But we are not through with this story. For a start, we will attend a meeting for all groups funded by the student activity fee; Student Government, the Athletic Department, Health Services, the J. Wayne Reitz Union Student Publications, among others. During the meeting we expect a few questions answered. For example: I Why is the conservatively estimated $255,000 raised by the tickets going toward an estimated $50,000 loss by the Athletic Association? 0 Will tuition be raised to meet an activity fee hike from $32.50 to $37.50 per student? I Were other alternatives offered, and were they considered? 0 What is the fate of block seating? Admittedly, these questions are conjectural but we have little upon which to base more intelligent questions. A free flow of news is a must for a responsible student newspaper. And we need that information today, President O'Connell. "Wave at the folks, dammit, wave at the folks!" A lligator Staff Published by students of the University Florida under the auspices of the Board of Neal Sanders Craig Goldwyn Student Publications. Assignment Editor Sports Editor Editorial, Business, Advertising offices in Student Publications Suite, third floor, Reitz Union. Fred Volta Editorial: phone 392-1686, 87, 88, or 89. Wire Editor 'Business, Advertising: phone 392-1681, 82, 83, the editors o-tttee-writer of the artice and not those Entertinmnent Editor Editorial Assistant of the University of Florida. '~1 

PAGE 7

7 Staff Writings The law is the means by which those in power rig the system in their favor. Through it one group of individuals legitimise the use of force through the institution of government to compel others to sacrifice their self interest to those in power. This is why the so called New Left can never succeed. What needs recognition is that government creates more problems than it solves and socialism is increasing government power. The left has a simple view of the world. The cause of every problem in capitalism. The cure for every problem is socialism. Mindless bullsugar. It matters little what the group in power call themselves; Fascists, Communists, Nazis, Socialists, Democrats, Republicans. The object is the same-rig system in favor of those in power. The form governments take is only an organizational structure designed to provide a vehicle to enforce the will of those in power. Surely there is no better form of government than a monarchy MR. EDITOR: Our official census form came in yesterday's mail, and after having read and heard numerous ominous warnings to the effect that, with the new census, Big Brother had arrived at last, I opened the envelope with some trepidationI realized quickly, however, that my fears were groundless, for the yellow instruction sheet that accompanied the form stated uncategorically: "Answers may be used only for statistical purposes." What could be more innocent? Thus assured, I launched into the form proper, only to be stricken with paranoia at being asked to fill in the circle beside "head of household." Perhaps, I tried to rationalize, they're compiling statistics on drug usage. Surely they if you are king or a dictatorship if you are dictator. But, those of us who will never be either had best look for wouldn't use this information to arrest me. But then came question H6, which asked, "Do you have a flush toilet?" -THEY'RE GETTIING SET FOR A RAID! No, I decided, that's just too much smarts to give them credit for, and I set out with a strong heart to complete the form. I was doing well until I saw question 26b, which asked if I had served in World War I, World War II, the Korean War, or the Vietnam Conflict. VIETNAM "CONFLICT?." Since when do napalm bombing, genocide and 644,000 (military) casualties not constitute a war? It would be amusing if it weren't so sad, and perhaps it is more than coincidence that the form is supposed to be posted on the Day of Fools. F. RICHARD NOLLE, JR. New Le ft Can't Succeed OPEN FORUM: 's No ho e for the con lacent MR. EDITOR: THE POLLUTERS of the truth are just as deadly as those of the air. The rabble rousing anarchists and leftist extremists go to great lengths to present their case as just, honorable, and righteous. They use their slogans merely as covers to conceal what they really are. We must never consider these radical, extremist hooligans to be fighting for civil rights, social justice, nor a better and peaceful world. They do not act for any of these magnanimous principles. The burners, bombers and rioters are traitors to peace for ihey employ violence; traitors to liberty when they shout-down speakers at a university; traitors to social justice when they villify men of goodwill. They are traitors to America for they reject America. We must reject them. WE HEAR THE slogan "all power to the people." Yet, after intelligent and reasoned reflection on our political system no man can claim that the people are not ultimately sovereign. What those who extoll this phrase really mean is power to riot in the streets, to drown out the voices of others, and to bum and destroy. The realities of today are only too clear to men who will open their minds as well as their mouths .Extremists hurling firebombs in the night and those who incite violence by day -these present the foremost threat to every, individual's freedom.' Those who now throw firebombs and LETTERS POLICY in order to appear in the Alligator, letter must be typed signed and double-spaced and should not exceed 300 words in length. A writer's nme-ay be withheld from publication only if he shows just cause. No letters signed with a pseudonym will be acepted for publication. The editor reserves the right to edit all letters in the interest of space. Addresses and telephone numbers must accompany all letters. use powerful explosive devices and those who deny free speech to others will tomorrow take up arms and shoot out leaders. They will assassinate and murder all who oppose them. The anarchists and extremists would replace American democracy with a totalitarian state. They who slander the police would institute their own secret police to monitor thought and action. MANY WHO NOW riot and use violence are not committed to any set of beliefs or ideology., They participate because it is the "in-thing" to do. It provides them with a means of social interaction. But in the end such individuals become the dupes of others, men so treacherous they make thieves and common criminals appear as charity cases. And we, are we so blind that we cannot see ourselves as we really are? Not a nation of murderers or bigots, not a nation of warmongers or money hungry individuals but a nation making great strides for social justice for human dignity and virtue, for peace with honor and liberty, for a better environment and causes transcending oneself. We are not scoundrels nor a rigid class society; not a land of secret police; not a people ruled by dictators unanswerable to us. We must never oppose rocking the boat when criticism is due. But those who use violence go beyond thia and seek to sink our entire ship of state. It is fine to make waves, to march and to protest. But when the waves become a storm of violence our entire nation is threatened. WE MUST STEER a course between left and right and not let the evil that men do go unpunished. BRUCE DAVID ALPER, 3AS Graduation Day MR. EDITOR: The graduation ceXq#on ot -Mstih 21 was brief (less than two hours), pleasant and highlighted by the recognition of the individual degree recipients. It was indeed their day and I was happy to be able to share it with them. The only negative aspect of the program was the continual complaining of the faculty members seated behind me about the length of the program. For example: "This is ridiculous, next faculty meeting we've got to vote to do away with it." And, if I were sitting on the aisle I'd leave." Including the graduate degree recipients it took only 35 minutes for President O'Connell to congratulate and recognize each individual. This was a particularly sensitive time for the parents and loved ones who came, perhaps from out-of-state, to see their degree candidates graduate. It seems to me that it is reasonable for the faculty to sit through a few minutes of students on the stage. After all, they've had to sit through four years of us. (It seems they should get more than a degree just for that). I think most of the faculty are proud of the students we turn out and take pride in seeing them graduate. But for those of you who sat behind me Saturday, in June would you please sit elsewhere or stay at home. ALLEN DURLING ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR DEPT.,OF ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING the small society Sex Isn't It MR. EDITOR: We are very much opposed to the recent action taken by the UF Board of Student Publications to name Mr. Fraser editor of the Alligator and not Miss Carol Sanger. We feel this is clearly a sexual discrimination although it would undoubtedly be difficult to prove. Miss Sanger has worked on the Alligator for many years and has proven herself to be a capable and qualified editor. She has the support of the current Alligator staff, and of our group, Women's Liberation. By law, there shall be no discrimination based on sex yet this occurs daily, both maliciously and inadvertently. Women around the country are uniting to fight for that to which they have a right. Women's Liberation of Gainesville is seeking legal aid at the present time to investigate whether there will be a suit filed against the university based on violation of the Civil Rights Act. However, we hope you will take action first to see that Miss Sanger is given a fair chance in the competition to be Alligator Editor, based solely on her background as a journalist, and not upon her sex. WOMEN'S LIBERATION GAINESVILLE CHAPTER by Brickman Wednesday, AprIl 1, 1970, The Flord AllIgailr, Pe 7 Censuring The 1970 Census Power To The People? HM-OY! WIT14 THE66 -gicss ffo-ST FAMILIS-S 0 HAE TO 60 09K. [ili[a ALL Wr= 0 01an i i OFFICIAL fm -v. y Fred VollrathJ reform in another direction than that offered by the Left. A change in "the system" is needed. On this point I can not disagree with the New Left. But, the solution they suggest is actually the problem. The socialist approach is one of abdicating all important power and decision making functions to the government and then trusting to the goodwill of, the bureaucratic functionary to carry out the programs and policy. No thank you. If there is one characteristic rarer amongst bureaucrats than goodwill it's competency. What is needed is a decentralizing of the power and decision making functions of government to their logical extreme -the individual person. Libertariansim -the New Right. All Power to the Individual. 

PAGE 8

Page 8, The Florida AiNgtor, Wednesday, Apri 1, 1970 MO./ FIGURE FAIR "I wonder," says Shelly, "which bikini will I wear today?" The selection is fantastic, and the best part is most of them have bras to match. Every girl needs her own bikini tree to choose from. Shelly's polka dotted, babydoll is of polyester and cotton. The outfit features the midriff top with bikini bottom, and matching overskirt. Sizes 32-36. STAG AND DRAG The plaid vest unsuit! i Boldly patterned with flared trousers, buttoned vest, and decidedly shaped body shirt. Modeled by Maurice. MAAS BROTHERS Here's a gypsy look to turn all eyes upon you; and Tanya loves to startle those eyes with her maximum skirt which undresses to a m in im um b ik in i underneath! Patchwork by Cole. Find it in Maas Brothers Sportswear Department. SEAR'S Designed to make the most of a woman's charms. whether frisking through the waves, or lazing in the sun. Available in black or silver, Judy models this suit for Sear's. / n /elm 

PAGE 9

Wedsuui, ApI 1,1070, Th Plu s AUW. h SUSAN SCOTT Femininity is in, and this long, luxurious lounging gown proves it. Completely covered and very, very soft. The outfit is made of a plush purple, or a deep, rich green velour. .it's very right for any romantic affair. This and more of today's look is at Susan Scott in the Mall. Modeled by Carole. SILVERMAN'S An Ocean Spray print of turquoise and green. The green voile tank top is matched up with a maxi patio skirt. Both top and skirt are polyester blends. Lfodeled by Paula. TWIG Raindrops keep falling on B.J's head, but she enjoys it with her daisy umbrella, and crushed patent coat in white, red, and black. Boots to match. Come in and let us help you sing in the rain. COLONY SHOPS The scene: the ol'fashioned ice cream parlor. The style: the I ol'fashioned Gibson Girl. Thermo Jac brings back the good ol'days with the patchwork maxi of 100% cotton worn with a long sleeved white lene' blouse which laces up the front. White kid shoes by Caressa. Modeled by Terrie. A2 I 

PAGE 10

Pegs 10, The Florida Aligator, Wednesday, Apri 1, 1970 FO SA LXE A FREE GUITAR LESSON Phone 372-3225 or come by 1826 W. Univ. Ave., and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher and performer here 3 years. (A-109-5t-p). 1966 Honda 305 Scrambler Excellent Condition, low mileage, new front and rear sprockets, extra sprockets, and plugs $300 373-2319 or N. W. 4th Lane. (A-109-3t-p). TAKE soil away the Blue Lustre way from carpets and upholstery. Rent electric shampooer $1.00. Lowry Furniture Co. (A-9-1t-c) Reel to reel component stereo, craig deck, criterion spkrs., dyne amp, scotch tape -clear, new, sel for loss -call Mac at 373-2394. (A-109-5t-p). 1970 Honda SL90 Scrambler. 1700 miles. Perfect condition. Call 392-8302 between 3 and 5 PM. $300. (A-109-2t-p). Microscope, new olympus Binocular with 4 obectives 3 sets oculars reho light and camera adapter, case save $200 Call 372-0590. (A=3t-109-p). Surfboard for sale: 10 foot king; local make; good condition no dings, clear with blue foam stringer; $30. Call Shelia 392-9631. (A-109-t-p). 1963 Rambler station wagon classic, V-a automatic, radio and heater. Excellent condition. Call 372-7821 After 3PM. (A-109-t-p). Adorable part poodle puppies. Have excellent care, shots. Good with children. 6 wks. old. Must see to appreciate. $25. Call 372-3489 anytime. (A-3t-109-p). 1967 Honda S90. Excellent Condition. Runs like new. Lass than 4,000 miles. Helmet included $165. Call Bob at 373-1751. (A-10-3t-p) FO PRET For Rent: Large Bedroom, Private Bath, Porch, and entrance, $0/mo. Call Ann Sheridan 392-3581. (B-109-3t-p). 1 or 2 MALE ROOMMATES. Landmark Apts. no. 26. 1111 S.W. 16th Ave. Most beautiful Apartment Complex in GaInesville. (70% GI RLS) Call 378-1074. (B-109-5t-p). Dynamite place ...need one roommate for single room In two bedroom apt. Rent Is32.50 a month. Call Dan at 378-7392 or Inquire at 916 S.W. 7th Ave. (B-1091t-p). Gua-Guns -Guns inventory over 500. Buy Sell -Trade -Repair. Reloading supplies, Layaway plan. Harry Beckwit, gun dealer, Micanopy. 466-3340. Rasom2S swam y W5 W. Am*.4 MAT. 2:00 P.M EVE. 8:00 P.M. LAST 2 DAYS *, -ROI FO4 I WRI T Sublease Uni. Gardens 2 bdr. grad student bid $170/mo. until June 15. Call 378-5955 or UG office. (B-109-3t-p). One male roommate Lankmark Apt. 60 111 S.W. 16th Ave. Lease until Aug. or June A/C on pool. Full kitchen Call 373-2207 $46.25 mo. (B-109-2t-p) Single rooms utilities linens, maid $150/quarter. Near campus Call 378-7222 or see 115 N.W. 10th St. Evenings. (B-109-5t-p). Nice two bedroom apt. only five blocks from campus. Air conditioned, gas heated. Immediate occupancy. $125/mo. Call 378-5038, or 392-9367. (B-109-3t-p). 2 Bedroom duplex apt. Just south of The University inn. For information call 372-6333. Leave name and phone no. for J. Pozin. Will contact you. (B-109-5t-p). Across Street from campus -Studio Apts. for both one and two students, ww carpet -AC -cable TV utilities Included -completely furnished -ample parking -swim pool. College Terrace Apts. 1225 SW. Ist Ave. Phone 378-2221 or 372-7111. (B-109-tf-c). Need a roommate for the spring. An apt. In the French Quarter for only $115 for the entire spring quarter. French Quarter apt. no. 12 -phone 373-2226. (B-3t-107-p) Several 1 br. apts, bath, kitchen, living room, completely furnished ww carpet, AC $120 mo. Colonial Manor apts. 1216 S.W. 2nd Avenue. -372-7111 Grad. Students preferred. (B-109-if-c). WAPJTEI) Wanted: Male roommate to share 3 br. apt. with 3 others A/C ww carpet, pool, cable TV, very reasonable, poolside, Call Sandy 392-8860. (C-109-2t-c). Non smoking grad. student wanted to share lovely house near Mal. $15-week. Call Susie 378-3606. (C-109-t-p). FEMALE ROOMMATE: two bedroom apt. to share with one other girl. Close to campus. A/C $60 per mo. Grad student preferred. 376-7611 anytime. (C.1094t-p). MERCEDES-BENZ 1964 190 sedan. AM-FM air conditioning. Radial Tires. Excellent condition, $1,595. Call 378-5068. (C-109-5t-p). Singisl How about a private bdrm. close to campus, cn A/H, full carpet complete elect. kitchen, spanish furniture, pool, gas grills, laundry facilities, patio, Dn/area, GIF parties -all for $70/mo. INCLUDING util. La Mancha has it till Openings for 1-4 students. Call 378-7224 Now (C-109-l0t-p). Roomate wanted to share apt. 32.50 per month. 1 block from campus. Call 372205. (C-109-2t-P). FEMALE ROOMMATE: For Williamsburg Apt. $50/mo. Call LOIS 372-4944 after 5 PM. (C-109-5t-p). One male roommate wanted (spring &/or summer) for 4 bedroom, 2 bath, central air Apt -one block from Norman Hall $45 plus utilities 372-1272. (C-109-2t-p). Listeners Wanted -Will pay $2.00 for one hour session. Must be native english speaking and have normal hearing. Please call 392-2049 between 1 and 4 p.m. for appointment. (C-109-lt-c). One Male Rmmate: to share 1 brm. apt In Sin City. Pool, Cable TV and air. cond. $40/mo. Call 373-1742. (C-5t-109-p). Female roommate for 2 bedr. poollde + woodside Landmark apt. 107 spr. and/or summer qtr. dishwasher, good parking call anytime 373-1208 or come by. (C-3t-109-0). PR. ADV & MKG MAJORS: Representatives needed for on-campus marketing & sales promotion program. Liberal commissions. Call Fred 372-9705. (C094tP). MA ROOMATE Wanted For Spring Qarter Villgs Park Apt. n. 46 For Entre Qisrer Call 373-1530 Anytime. (4t107). Male roommate wanted for Spring Quarter. Gatortown apt. No Deposit. One bedroom $50/mo, TV, Call 378-7134 anytime. (C-5-107-) Female roommate for house 3 mnles from campus. Own room central air. $50/nonth, share utUitles. 373-1027. (C-3t-109-p) HELPIII' Desperately need female roommate La Bonne Vie Immediate occupancy till June. For more info. Ploaw call 376-3056 or 373-1368. (C-109-5t-p). 0 L roommate needed I A L Y La n d-ma rk Call A NY T IME '-107-p) IIELIP WAPJTEID A FREE GUITAR LESSON Phone 372-3225 or come by 1826 W. Univ. Ave. and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher and performer here 3 years. (E-109-5t-p). SECRETARIES-TYPISTS: 70 WPM Shorthand and 45 WPM Typing. Positions open on the main campus and in the Health Center. Apply at Central Employment, 2nd Floor of the Hub, or telephone 392-1201 for testing appointment. UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA -Equal Opportunity Employer. (E-107-5t-c) ATTOS Red bug-eyed '69 Sprite. Rebuilt engine and carburetor. New interior. Needs work on transmission. Will sell for $225. Call 378-9129. (G-109-lt-p). LEMANS 1968 Air-cond. full power, HURST 4-speed Mags and Polygass, engine in perfect cond. must sell soon. Evenings 373-2827. (G-109-5t-p). 1963 Corvalr, excellent condition, 60,000 miles perfect for second car call Bob at 376-9781 after 7:00 p. m. (G-3t-109-p). 1962 roll over V W engine in great shape, would make excellent beach buggy must sell now, call 373-1451. (G-5t-109-p). WANTED -Former Peace Corps volunteer to speak at high school. Transportation provided. Martha Oestraich 378-3430. (J-3t-109-p) Roommate wanted to share z bedroom apt. Furnished, complete kitchen. Very large and nice. immediate occupancy 314 N W 14 St. Apt. 3 Apt. 378-0898. (J-2t-109-p). Welcome Back Special! with first purchase everyday this week a $1.00 coupon toward any article at THE BAUBLE BAG custom-made jewelry, 535 SW 4th Ave. Open 1 pm. (J-5t-107-p) I Old for both of us. A trip to New York is always great, but this time it was special. The reason? The most exciting just out collection of underground clothes ever. Plus exclusive represtation of a collection of imported clothes sold only in the best N. Y. hopes. Marsha Dave Stan or Susie will be glad to sell them to you at the SPANISH MAIN 1642 W. Univ. Ave. open 10-10 Mon-Sat. (J-3t-l09-p). PHI KAPPA what? 1125 S.W. 4th Ave. Call 378-9049. (J-3t-107-p) BILL EVAN'S -Congratulations on acceptance to law school. Have confidence; you're the greatest i 'll always love you. NAOMI. (Jlt-109-p). WELCOME BACK FOLKS the bent card coffee house presents real music -real movies -real coffee (free) real fun for real people (J3t-109p). A FREE GUITAR LESSON phone 372-3225 or come by 1826 W. Univ. Ave and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher and performer here 3 year (J-5t-109-p). PHI KAPPA PSI the old Fraternity with the new ideas. (J-3t-107-p) GIRLS -Distinctive CUSTOM MADE Personal Dress, WEDDING DRESS & Sportswear by your English dressmaker, KATHLEEN. Bikinis $14, Dresses $14. Add $3 for 1-day service If desired. Phone 378-0320. (J-l0t-107-p) A very lonely friend could stand some conversational femininity bestowed on him. Please write 2 Lt. Bob Hill Team 46 Mat It -20 APO 96240 (Viat Nam). (J-5t-107p) TO THE FORMER ALLIGATOR STAFF despite what the chronically myopic UF power structure might say, you are a most deducted, courageous and talented group of young Journalists. Thank you for all your service to our student body. I'm Proud Of youl RAUL RAMIREZ (J-t.109-P). L T MUNK) -LOST campus. Mar 16, male miniature collie, sable, white, black. City tag 1352. Call 3724542 or 39240277. REWARD. (L-t107-p) Lost BOOTSIE, black & white cat w/ 1. D. tag In vicinity of Univ. P.O. Reward for return. Call 372-5713 after 5 PP. M. (L3t.109-p). Lost Deltagen slide rule. If found please call 378-5903. The name Is Ralph Barlow reward. (L3t-109-p). TRIUMPH CITY authorised Triumph sneo & serve': i-OI70*iauis' $745 to $1,750. Located north of city limits on 441, behind the Handlebar lounne-jw 0911411W, soon. (--0s $35.00 Male ro 4 bedr Will ha 376-0A SERVICES (day). I Housewives will do Ironing in your home and repair. One weeks ironing for two persons 2.50 a week. Call before 10 o'clock p. m. 372-5269. (M-99-4tp). Tennis rackets restrung. Free pick up and delivery call mike 392-6004. (M-3t-109-P). Happiness is getting your eyeglasses at the smallest eyeglass office in town. Drive your own waiting room to UNIVERSITY OPTICIANS at 519 SW 4th Ave, across from Greyhound Bus Station, 378-4480. (M-tf-107-c) WEDDING INVITATIONS PRICES ARE LOW IN IDAHO, 100 custom printed only $5.95. Send for free catalog and samples to Arnold Agency, 206 East Main, Rexburg, Idaho. (M-4t-107-p) INCOME TAX RETURNS $4 and up Campus Tax Service, at Rebel Discount 1227 W. Univ. 372-8309. (M-102-20t-P) XEROX COPIES: Specializing in thesis and dissertation copies and collating. Gainesville Printing Co. 1817 Hawthorne Rd. Call 372-4313. (M-83-37t-P) Alternators -Generators -Starters -Electrical Systems tested and repairs -Auto Electrical Service, 1111 S. Main. IM-107-tf-cl Ruby's ALTERATIONS -1958 N.W. 4th St. 376-8506. Mrs. Ruby Mills. (M-10t-107-p)-, LATIN AMERICANISTS -Need biographic data for your research? U Write the Caribbean information Institute, P.O. Box 4824, El Paso, A Texas 79914. I." 3-9z" HiDOVER!e EXTRA DAYSI IN AI UCH A DEAL a month and no deposit. ornate needed for new oom ranch-style house. ave own bedroom. Call 802 (night) 392-1681 Psk for Kerry. Polanski's EPULSION every fear you've ever had! I TONIGHT :30, 8:00 & 10:30 union Auditorium mission $.50 lonsored by JWRU W.I .V -CHRIS JONES LAST 2 DAYS! L2L-7.GP uMORRSO'SCAFETERIA ENJOY THESE SPECIALTIES LUNCH AND DINNER WEDNESDAY Jumbo Baked ChoppedSteak and Yellow Rice 794 THURSDAY BakedG Ham and Candied Yams 994 GAINESVILLE MALL 1 

PAGE 11

4' AFTER 21 YEARS OFFERING ENTIRE STOCK OF DIAMONDS-WATCHES JEWELRY-SILVER AND GIFTS SAVE 20%-30%-40%-50% EVEN UP TO 75% OFF SALE STARTS THL )AY MORNING AT 10AM I5, 1/3 OFF 14KT GOLD WEDDING BANDS 1/3 TO' 1/2 OFF BINOCULARS 7 X 50 $2 9 2988 PLACE MATS NOW ONLY 444:each SUN GLASSES 1/2 PRICE PICTURE FRAMES 111 oil ORANGE BLOSSOM *SOLITARE WITH MATCHING BAND WAS 343.00 NOW ONLY $24950 FABULOUS DIAMOND SOLITARY 2.34 KARATS GOOD COLOR -VSI WAS 3,600.00 2495 00 FREE GIFTS FOR FRATERNITY PINS ENTIRE STOCK 40% OFF SPECIAL GROUP LADIES AND MENS WATCHES VALUES TO $1999 59.50 EVERYONE! I! F DIAMOND PRINCESS EMERALD CUT AN'S MIO LADY'S ELGEN RING DIAMONDS AUTOMATIC WATCH 17 DIAMONDS -WHITE GOLD .62 CARATS -ALL PROOF 17 JEWELS ONLY VERY FINE-ALPRO17JWS WAS WAS CALENDAR WAS 120.00 950.00 o459.00 $7950 W $ 00 WAS $9900 $3795 DIAMOND BRIDAL FEATURE MAN'S THIN LADY'S LA PETITE SET DIAMOND DINNER HAMILTON WATCH 23 JEWELS MARQUISE SHAPED RING AUTOMATIC 2 DIAMONDS WHITE GOLD MOUNTING WAS WAS WAS WAS 165.00 100.00 69.50 d4 350.000%%$90 CO 98 o 98 $450$$4 88 $4 88 WATCH BANDS FAMOUS BRANDS VALUES TO 6.95 1/3 OFF $188 BIRTHSTONE RINGS ENTIRE STOCK 30% TO 50% OFF CHARMS TIE TACS Il LADIES -MENS -MENS BILLFOLDS 5.00 VALUES L $199 I ENTIRE 1/3 OFF SELECTION 25 WATCHES PLACED IN MYSTERY PACKAGES REGISTERED JEWELER-MEMBER AMERICAN GEM SOCIETY CULTURED ROBERTSON JEWELERS PEARLS SQ, AQWrNTQWNV .0 rlr ilctfla -lii t ,) AI 

PAGE 12

Pap 12, The Florida Afitor, Wedmmeu-f, AprN 1, 1970 MAY AFFECT SEALE High Court Sayt riles, Gag Okay WASHINGTON (UPI) -The Supreme Court declared Tuesday a judge has the right to shackle and gag an abusive and disruptive defendant and to evict him from his own trial if necessary. The ruling came in the case of an Illinois holdup man convicted in 1956 but the decision was significant in view of the recent happenings at the trial of the Chicago Seven and the current proceedings against 13 Black Panthers in a New York court. IN THE MAJORITY opinion, Justice Hugo L. Black said the physical restraint of a defendant or his removal from the courtroom should be employed only as a last resort. But he asserted: "It would degrade our country and our judicial system to permit our courts to be bullied, insulted and humiliated and their orderly progress thwarted and obstructed by defendants brought before them charged with crimes." THE DECISION reversed a finding by the 7th U. S. Court of Appeals that the judge's decision to remove the Illinois defendant, William Allen, violated his constitutional right to be present to face his accusers in court. Black said: "Allen's behavior was clearly of such an extreme and aggravated nature as to justify either his removal from the courtroom or his total physical restraint. "PRIOR TO his removal he was repeatedly warned by the trial judge that he would be removed from the courtroom if he persisted in his unruly behavior ...under these circumstances we hold that Allen lost his right guaranteed by the Sixth and Fourteenth Amendments to be present throughout his trial." In the Chicago Seven conspiracy trial, one of the defendants, Bobby Seale, was so unruly that Federal Judge Julius Hoffman cited him for contempt, then had him bound and gagged and finally declared a mistrial and ordered Seale tried'separately. IN ALLEN'S TRIAL before a Cook County judge, he began using abusive language to the judge while the jury was being selected, remarking at one point "You're going to be a corpse here." He persisted in his outbursts after the judge cautioned him he would be removed. After being ordered out of the courtroom, Allen refused to promise to halt his tactics in exchange for returning. He was kept out during the prosecution's presentation except when brought in for identification purposes. In another decision, the court ruled five to three that juveniles are entitled to be judged by the same strict standards of guilt as adults. This means that their guilt must be shown "beyond a reasonable doubt." Laotions Retake NVA Position With Massive U.S. Air Support LAOS (UPI) U. S.-supported tribal troops commanded by Maj. Gen. Vang Pao recaptured Sam Thong Tuesday, and field reports said North Vietnamese forces were withdrawing into the hills under round-the-clock American air strikes. Military sources said at least 20 Communist soldiers were killed in a series of clashes in the Sam Thong area but the base itself was taken with little resistance. SAM THONG, about80 miles north of Vientiane, was abandoned by Vang Pao's men on March 18 in a move to consolidate defenses around Long Cheng, the headquarters Carswell Loses Two More Votes WASHINGTON (UPI) -Two New England senators announced opposite decisions Tuesday on the Supreme Court nomination of Judge G. Harrold Carswell. Vermont's George D. Aiken, R-Vt., dean of Senate Republicans, said he would vote against sending the nomination back to the Senate Judiciary for his so-called "clandestine army" six miles to the southeast. A North Vietnamese attack on Long Cheng had been anticipated but it failed to materialize when clearing weather permitted U. S. Air Force fighter-bombers to take Communist positions overlooking the base. Allied sources confirming the recapture of Sam Thong said the airstrip and the U. S. hospital at one end of it appeared intact. An American warehouse earlier reported burned after the base fell to the Communists March 18 was still standing, they said. Sources in Vientiane said they believed most of the fighting in the push back to Sam Thong was done by "clandestine army" guerrilla troops with little assistance from Laotian regulars. The "clandestine army" is organized and financed by the U. S. Central Intelligence Agency. While the over-all military picture in the Sam Thong-Long Cheng area appeared to be brightening Tuesday, Western sources said they believed the North Vietnamese were only pulling back into higher ground and not leaving the area. IT'S A DEA L. i S A MEAL! It's Now Serving Only Weekly thru Friday Lunch and Dinner Sorry. no take-out service or discounts at this low price Daily Choice of Four Entrees Entrees Served With Choice of Potatoes, Rice or Vegetable Choice of Special Salads of The Day Hot Roll or Muffin Iced Tea or Coffee (Free Seconds' SELF SERVICE-NO TIPPING 313 W. UNIV. AVE. CAFETERIA DOWNTOWN GAINESVILLE Committee and also would vote PLENTY OF FREE PARKING for confirmation. IN REAR fIIU U x i Sen. Thomas J. McIntyre, D-N.H., said he would vote to recommit the nomination. If Ther IS another way to brighten UP your fo r that motion fails, he said, he will dorv/m.anonrint S ril 1 & 2 r 77 vote against confirmation. dorsroom. Union Print Sale, April 1 & 2, 11 to 9 Union Ballroom. Both senators' positions were known privately but not announced publicly previously. Their announcements did not alter a UPI poll showing 41 senators for recommital and 39 against, with the balance held by the remaining 20. Sen. Robert C. Byrd, D.W. Va., said if Carswell is denied confirmation, Congress should impeach Justice William 0. Douglas. Beautiful Hair Well ..yes. But it's not for us. It goes for paper and ink The earliest use of the brush,tgsfrni production work and says ong modem manufactutilk i MM rn r w .by the eaveman who tied ay bunde of twigs to a wooden you re going to make a pression p1925? magazine. So the expression is free. The magazine is $1.25. That's not so much to y for free expression. The Florida Quarterly 0 Ll 

PAGE 13

The Florida Alligator DnVinin, Entertainment-Editor Wednsdwy, ApriH 1, 1970, The Flo Ida Alligo, Pope 13 FILM COMMENTARY 'Jenny': Ambiguity Not Justified? By DAN VINING Alligator Entertainment Editor Four years ago in Orlando I first saw Antonioni's "Blow-Up." When the picture closed with the surrealistic tennis match, a middle-aged woman behind me got up and said, "What in the hell way is Casl Won't Sing Song WASHINGTON (UPI) Country singer Johnny Cash has told the White House hedoes not want to sing the controversial "Welfare Cadillac" at a social April 17. Welfare and civil rights leaders protested the performance of the ballad which pokes fun at people on welfare and depicts a shiftless father who relies on "fool" taxpayers to buy a new Cadillac. Nixon had requested the song after hearing it on tape of country music at the White House. -MRS. CONNIE STUART, staff director to the First Lady, said that despite the big controversy over the song, Nixon did not repudiate his request and was leaving it up to Cash to decide whether to sing it. In Nashville, Guy Drake, who wrote and recorded "Welfare Cadillac," promptly wired the White House that he would be glad "to perform this song at the White House subject, of course, to President Nixon's desires and Mr. Cash's approval." Mrs. Stuart said she talked with Cash on the telephone and he made clear that if the choice were his alone he would rather not sing "Welfare Cadillac," which is spelled with one "1" She said she told him the choice was his. She said he indicated he was more than happy to sing "A Boy Named Sue," and had reservations about the other one, which he has never sung. THE GOLD COAST BOOMS AGAIN! featuring Better Services for U of F Maones Bookstore Beeks and Suppies The Copy Center 5 cent Xerox Copies 4 cents College Inn Restaurant under new manaement Gator Shop Mns Sportswear Ya,11 Come Thank you 1700 BLOCK W. UNIV.J Florida Quarterly: The thrill of a lifetime L~rtii~hi-nIlqTI that to end a movie?" Ambiguity. Understatement. Openendedness. I was in my first year of college and I knew, by God, that things -like Life itself -aren't supposed to end and that thinking that movies should end was sophomoric and nobodynwants to be sophomoric, not even a freshman. I have since found out, and believe now, that films and novels and poems must end. They must finish what they begin to do. They must find or start us toward finding the answers to the questions they pose. "Blow-Up" ended. It was complete. All the work was completed by its makers before they stopped working. IF THAT LADY from Orlando sees "Jenny," a film playing here in town now, she has every right to stand up in the end and say, "What the hell way is that to end a picture?" and if I'm in the theaterhwith her, I'll be standing with her. The film doesn't end. Its ambiguity isn't justified or e ffective. Its openendedness doesn't take us anywhere and we aren't helped to find any answers. The story, very basically, is one of a young man and a young woman. The woman is pregnant -about six months so -and the young man is nearly drafted 1-A so. He hears that hecould get draft exempted if he was married and had a kid. He marries the girl, acting as if the whole thing is an arrangement that he can justify as acceptable under the circumstances. He keeps his girlfriend and his wife Snow Birds About 165,000 retired "winter visitors"$travel every year to the Lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas from northern states. keeps what she had before, loneliness. (Maybe it's just aloneness.) M o s t of t h e f i r s t three-quarters of the movie is spent convincing us that the guy doesn't really care enough about the girl or about the forthcoming child; that he is more wrapped up in has girlfriend than he is in his wife. The first three-quarters of the movie pretty well does what it tried to do. About three-fourths of the way through we all are saying to ourselves, "Well I'm convinced that he doesn't really care enough about her and he does care about this other girl." So what does the director do? He suddenly asserts -without any preparation -that this guy suddenly is filled with love for his wife and the baby. The other girl isn't mentioned from then on. There's no moment when it begins to come clear, either for us or for the guy. Union Showing Polanski Films "Repulsion," an exciting film by Roman Polanski dealing with fear and the subconcious, will be shown at 7 and 9:30 tonight in the Reitz Union Theater. The film is the first of three Polanski-directed pictures here for the weekend. "Knife in Water," called by many critics Polanski's finest picture, will be shown Thursday night, and "Rosemary's Baby," a popularly received Polanski movie, will be at the Union this weekend. "Repulsion" deals with a young girl left alone for a short time in the apartment of a relative. Working with the subconcious, Polanski deals with a dozen or so fears, many of them sexual. It's powerful. Cost for the show is 50 cents. AMBIGUITY AND UNDERSTATEMENT and openendedness are one thing, but it takes a lot more skill and craft and art to pull it off than the director of "Jenny" shows here. So the result at the end of the picture is a set of ridiculously tear-filled eyes on a man we don't recognize anymore. The girl is nursing the child, the guy's draft status is back to being hazardous (another thing that isn't explained), and the only real thing in the whole movie is the baby who, in his young hunger, doesn't care if his mom's husband is 1-A, loving or what. At the end of the picture the only thing that really follows from the action of the characters -the only thing that is the completion of a thing begun earlier -is the baby. We know where the baby came from. It's the changed husband who's the result of an unbelieveable immaculate offscreen conception. Stand up Orlando! Your time has come. SWINGERS THE SELECT PLACE New Swinger Bar and Cocktail Lounge Only 18 Minutes From Gainesville At Willston DANCE SWING THE CAVE ROOM THE POLYNESIAN ROOM THE PSYCHEDELIC ROOM COOL IT! THIS QUARTER LEARN POWER KARATE At Our New, Air-Conditioned Studio 204 S.E. 1st Street with instructor Dirk Mossig: 4 NATIONAL KARATE CHAMPION I 4th DAN BLACK BELT HOLDER 0 U.F. GRADUATE STUDENT Come to where the action Ii Courses for beinners tart today at 6:00 p. m. For Information call 378-4126 PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLY H EADQUARTERS for all Art & Journalism Students 1232 W. Univ. 1 SP 376-7657 CAMERA SHOPS V \Vj 'bow c. tA4 It) v! l J 4 SUMMER EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (IN MAJOR FLORIDA CITIES) ARE YOU MONEY HUNGRY ??? DO YOU LIKE GIRLS??? Let us help you satisfy BOTH interests! Our company will train college men to present our investment plan to single employed girls in major Florida cities this summer. Those selected may start parttime now. EARN $100 TO $175 WEEKLY Qualifications: Men or women 18-28 years of age; must be neat, personable, own a car, and be willing to work evenings. i :00 PM 118 Reitz Union.2 

PAGE 14

I, Tha Flerifa All Wedneday Aril 1.1970 The Florida Alligator Track Ron Jourdan's 7-foot-2 effort in the high jump, John Parker's record in the mile and Roger Carson's and Tom Bolig's double wins in their specialities paved the way for the Gators impressive 116-52-13 triangular meet victory Tuesday over Baptist College and Richmond. Jourdan's 7-2 jump was his first seven foot jump since his 7-0 effort early in January at the Orange Bowl Invitational track meet. Head Track Coach Jimmy Carnes and high jump coach Don PARKER'S MILE Hester both said they were .a UF record excited because this may be the ..Tennis Too In a close match Tuesday that was finally finishedunder the lights at the Broward tennis courts the Gators squeaked out a 54 victory over Big Ten foe Illinois. The Gators had to go to the next to last -doubles match before they knew they had their eight victory wrapped up against only three losses. THE UF'S NUMBER one player Greg Hilley and number three and five netters Paul Lunetta and Bruce Bartlett all managed wins in the singles competition. But the Gators also dropped three singles matches Pitches One Hitter Lefthander Larry Sheffield pitched a brilliant one-hitter and went all the way to insure a solid Gator 2-0 victory Tuesday over Chattanooga. The win booststhe Gators average over the .500 mark for the first time this season. The Gators now stand 10-9 after their two-game sweep of the Moccasins at Perry Field. SHEFFIELD' WHO was 2-2 last year with a 2.40 earn run average, allowed no runners past second and sent 10 Moccasins back to the dugout after fanning the air. He only walked one batter and brought his season record to 1-1 in only 1:47 minutes of playing time. First baseman Larry Bretz led the UF at the plate collecting two of the Gators' six hits. The Gators next face the Tigers from Auburn this Friday at 3 p.m. and Saturday at 2 p.m. at Perry Field. 1U HOMEMADE GOODNESS AID MERCY Custom Sandals, Bags, Bolts, Shirts, Pants, Moooussn going into the doubles battles. Hilley and Buddy Miles won their doubles match 9-11, 6-4, 10-8, and Ken Terry and Ralph Hart won their doubles match to finally ice it for the Gators. The UF's next match is today against arch-rival Miami, who are ranked among the top five college teams in the country. The only comparable opponents the Gators and Hurricanes have faced is Houston, the UF fell 9-0 and Miami won 8-1 over the Cougars. BUT ACCORDING TO Coach Bill Potter, his boys are really psyched up for the Hurricanes, which may explain their difficulties with Ilinois Tuesday. The UF-Miami match gets under way at 2:30 p.m. today at the Varsity Tennis Courts when the Gator's Hilley faces the Hurricane's Pat Cramer. GREG HILLEY ---wins again Up, Over TOM KENNEDY indication of better jumps the spotlight normally held by JOURDAN'S BEST PARKER'S 4.06.7 RUN in injured SEC champion jumper a 7-2 jump the mile breaks former Gator Ron Coleman. great Frank Lagotic's 1967 Carson's double wins in the record of 4.07.9 Parker is last 100-yard dash and the 220-yd. year's southeastern Conference dash marks the first time this mile champion. season the consistency he has UF's Bolig, a virtual unknown been lacking in the spnnts for the Gators until now, won Ip both the long jump and the The Gators next travel to triple jump with good leaps. Columbia, S. C. for the State Bolig's performance puts him in Record Relays this Saturday. --.'.'-'.-.'.--.'.'.-.'-.'.-.'-'--.';'.'.^.^'^. '. Y o ur.B ei^. Is 1 INTRAMU RALS% '" '" ''-'''''--'----BY STEVE ROHANPREVIEW: Beta Theta Pi, leading the Orange League by 23 points, will again be shooting for a better third quarter finish this year than last year when they were also leading the league. In 1969, the floor collapsed from under them as the TEP's ran away with the President's Cup. Golf and tennis will be the first -two sports. They will be simultaneously run. Last year the Betas were eliminated in the first and second rounds respectively. Scratch golfer Dale Allen is expected to lead them to a better finish in this year's first ever three day medal tournament play. On the tennis courts, where the Betas only won once last year, Wilkie Shell and Jim Scott will lead the team. THE BETAS BIGGEST disaster last year was in track where the entry deadline crept up to quickly and the Betas lost their 50 entry points. This year the Betas are sure to enter and have added a distance runner, a shot putter, and a discus man to their team. It is unlikely that even a good showing by the Betas in these sports will wrap up the President's Cup, but that won't both the Betas. The Betas have been known over the last six years as the perennial power to beat in softball and they are looking forward to that sport. ALL CAMPUS HANDBALL: Pikes and DU dominated the Orange and Blue League handball all-campus teams last quarter. Harry Denlinger was named top singles man and John Ellis and Jerry Stang were named top doubles combination in the Blue League. All are from DU. The other Blue singles position went to Chad Goff of Theta Chi. In the Orange League, Jake Varn of the Pikes and Frank Hewlett of ATO were top singles performers. Hal Block and Jim Lee of Phi Delt; Jim Nilson and Guy Dennis of Pike; and Dean Repp and Phil Petrozella of Pike were the top doubles teams. ANNOUNCEMENTS: More softball officials are needed this quarter and are asked to sign up at the intramural office. ...... Dn April 22nd the first National Environmental Teach-In will be held at colleges an universities across the nation. If you're asking yourself what can I do, THE ENVIRONMENTAL HANDBOOK will serve as a source of ideas and tactics. Other related titles: THE POPULATION BOMB by Dr. Paul R. Ehrlich (95 THE FRAIL OCEAN by Wesley Marx (95 MOMENT IN TNE SUN by Leona & Robert Rienow (95) S/S/T and SenceBoem Needb by William N. ihurclifflO95) PERILS OF THE PEACEFUL ATOM: The Myth of Safe Nuclear Pewer Plants by Richard curtis & Elizabeth Hogan ($51.25) Available wherser QB ALLANTINE BOUKS are sl L~. TQw 'p 01-1G OO 0D 7rHIO 2035 N.W. 1 3th St. IGi e ir Florida / 378-2304 2 -~ -fofii--,O .,v 

PAGE 15

.%. ...By Craig G idwyn. Old Coaches Never Die If there's one man who deserves the moniker of the gran'dad of Florida football, it's got to be Jake Gaither. 01' Jake had been head coach at Florida A&M for 32 years until his retirement this year. I can't remember ever hearing of a Rattler team having a losing season. In fact I have to think for a while to remember hearing of a Gaither-coached team losing a game. He's always been a true innovator in football, but yesterday, at a Kiwanis banquet in his honor at the Reitz Union he spoke on an old topic. BUT THE AMAZINGLY spry 65-year-old glittered as he shared some of his secrets of molding and inspiring youth. "The most important task facing us today," he told an audience of almost 200 coaches, athletes, and sports fans, "is the conservation of our human resources, the greatest wealth of America." "When I get a new boy, I tell him to throw his shoulders back, get the shuffle out of his feet, look the world square in the eye and feel that God gave him the ability to do a good job." HE DISMISSED THE idea that it's really how you play the game that matters as "baloney, anything worth playing is worth winning, and I'm a coach who likes to win. I teach my athletes to want to win. God knows they can't afford to lose. they've been losing all their lives. WdnsG yApr*Rt210CTheAMCpEr, FagS DURING FIRST PRACTICE ltfVr~YPague By BOB THOMAS said that things were slow trying Aflutor Wrhlr to teach the younger players, Injuries troubled Head but graduating lettermen David Football Coach Doug Dickey as Ghesquiere and Wayne Griffith the Gators started spring were out helping the coaches practice Tuesday afternoon and with the freshmen. the new coaching staff got their During the last hour of first good look at the talent. practice Dickey got his men "I've never had a football down to business in a series of team with so many cripples this drills with lots of contact. early in the season," said Dickey singled out several Dickey. Len Fuller was added to players as putting out extra the long list of hurt Gators when effort, including Mike Kelley, a shoulder problem recurred and Brad Powell, Mike Rick, and All-American Carlos Alvarez Gary Walker. He also said it's missed practice due to a knee easy to see why quarterback infection. Alvarez received his John Reaves had such a fine injury running track and should record last year. "He has be well in a few days. exceptionally fine form," said DICKEY FEELS that most of Dickey, "and he throws the ball the wounded will recover in time right on target every time." for next season. Injured safety "IT'S HARD to say what a Jimmy Barr was out running in team is like after only one day shorts and Dickey indicated that of practice," explained Dickey. there is a chance Barr will get "We've got the physical size. back into pads before spring Whether or not they can play is practice is over. another thing." With 80 men on the field, the Dickey singled out another practice session was slow getting weakness as the lack of blazing started, and temperatures in the speed. He said that seniors Ted high 80's sapped the gridders of Hager and Terry Ash, both split much of their energy. Dickey ends, could fill the gap and that Dicrwy sophomores Leonard George and Willie Jackson also looked good George is a split end and Jackson is a running back. They are the first Negro football players at UF. NEW COACH .watching JAKE GAITHER RECEIVES AWARD .Ray Graves, Gaither, Perry McGriff, and Doug Dickey I want them to know the exhiliration of winning. I can't think of any better way to teach character. "You think you can teach character to a boy lying flat on his back? He'll tell you just where to go. And if he has to bleed a little, that's alright. "That's been the motto of my teams, "blood, sweat and tears." "THEY HAVE TO sweat too. I tell them in August while they're practicing in the heat that if they get in condition under this Florida sun, they'll be in condition under any sun. "And there'll be tears. I love to see a big 240-pound man cry when he loses. It's good when they're so devoted to winning that they'll cry when they don't. "But there's merit in defeat. Some day your momma's gonna die, your best friend is gonna let you down, and you won't be able to balance your budget. If you can face a loss in football when you're a winner, you can face most anything." HE ADMITTED THAT there is a new breed of athlete, but "that can be taken care of by stressing the eternal truths, the things we took for granted before: honesty, reliability, loyalty, love, gratitude and devotion. All that can be found in the Good Book. But don't give in to these kids. They'll appreciate the discipline, and they'll lose respect for you if you give in to them. Coaches who can't adjust are gonna suffer. "It's been said that I want my boys agile, mobile and hostile. Let me tell you what I mean by that. "I like them agile enough to cut on a dime and give back a nickel change. I encourage them to take modem dance and such things. "Let me illustrate what I mean by mobile. Let's imagine you're going hunting. So you tie your ol' houn'dog to a tree on Friday and don't give him anything to eat. Then, Saturday on your way out you take along a bottle of turpentine. When you cut him loose and he starts jumping all over you, you lift up his tail, take the turpentine and give him a little squirt. My friends, that's the way I want our backs to run. "When I say hostile, I don't want any good natured big boy who apologizes when he hits you. I want the kind like the cornerback who sees an end sweep and goes in there through that interference and lays the ballcarrier on his back and stomps his foot and says 'don't come around that end anymore or I'll eat you alive.'" FOOTBALL Practice, 3:30 on practice field GOLF G ulf American Classic at Cape Coral NXS-87C \ sbholl .1;3 f \ ile I W o1 &C G ator vs. Miami, 2:30 at florida Vasity Courts I 4 wright evermpressed. 4 Why should you buy from the University Shop? Simple. Because we offer the newest College fashions -right from the pages of Playboy and Esquire Magazines. In slacks, shirts -or accessories, the University Shop specializes in style. That's our brand, and we have yours! -Flairs, Bells, and Straight Legs -Jeans and Dress Pants -Solids, Stripes, Plaids, and Patterns in a vast array of colors -Waist sizes from 29 to 38 -Finest Quality Slacks -Priced from $7 to $10 4W.unlvWWlft .iS 

PAGE 16

Pqa U. Ttr FIorkk ANigsWer, Wueddisy, Apr 1, 1970 Flonda State Rated Fourth TUCSON, Ariz. -Florida State, Miami, Jacksonville and Florida Southern are all represented in the latest United Press International top college baseball rankings in their respective divisions. The rankings, which were released Tuesday, have Southern California arid ,Stanford remaining 1-2. THE TROJANS UPPED their record to 21-5 last week by winning the Riverside National Collegiate Tournament over a field that included Stanford and defending national champion Arizona State. Texas moved up one place to third in the latest ratings and was followed by Florida State and Tulsa. Rounding out the top 10 were Mississippi, Texas A&M, Arizona, Miami, and University of California at Santa Barbara. THE SECOND 10 included, in order, Southern Illinois, Washington State, Minnestoa, Arizona State, Tulane, Jacksonville, Western Michigan, California, St. John's of New York and Houston. In the college division, Chapman College of California retained its no. 1 ranking, just ahead of Grand Canyon College and Illinois State. Fish Causes Suit SEATTLE -A fish thrown at a March, 1967, Western Hockey League game here between Seattle and Portland was the basis for a $5,000 suit filed here Monday. Kenneth T. Beyer and his wife, Norrene, filed against the Portland Buckaroos, Seattle Totems, the league and Portland player Larry Leach. THE SUIT SAID "on or about March 31, 1967," Beyer and his wife were paid spectators at the game here. A Portland Player, believed to be Larry Leach, threw a fish from the ice portion of the arena at a spectator, missing said spectator and hitting Plaintiff Kenneth T. Beyer on the left side of the face and ear, causing him physical damage to his person and splattering portions of said fish on his person and on the person of his wife .," the suit said in part. Beyer claims he and his wife "sustained physical, mental and property damage to the sum of $5,000." / 4) C Other teams in the top 10 were Florida Southern, Delta State, Sam Houston State, New M ex-i c o H i ghlI a n d s California-Irvine, San Fernando and Southwest Missouri. Morgan 2nd Pick For Celtics BOSTON -The Boston Celtics Monday signed their second pick in last week's college draft, Rex Morgan of Jacksonville University. Morgan, a 6-foot-5 guard, joined with Artis Gilmore to lead Jacksonville to the finals of the NCAA Tournament two weeks ago before bowing to UCLA. He was the 10th leading scorer in the nation with a 26.7 average as a junior, and scored at an 18.7 clip this past season. CONTRACT TERMS were not disclosed. The Celtics previously signed their top draft pick, Dave Cowens of Florida State University, and his teammate Willie Williams, Boston's no. 3 selection. -Come To The C Spec COLLEGE INN W. Univ. Ave. Across from Campus THERE'VE BEEN SOME CHANGES MADE! Your friend CLYDE DEES of the Gold Coast, Now Operating The C. I.! 2 Clyde is waiting to give you those Fabulous Daily Specials, The best food in town, Super Service., and A BIG SMILE Come to the C.I., there have been some changes made C.I. Cafeteria Line and Short Order Checks Cashed With Student I.D. NOW OPEN! SERVING from 7a.m. to 12p.m. S~ b ~b .1. :ials C,, 0 0 0 GO 3-1 INAMEAN Nips Nip Giants, Hart Sent Down TOKYO -The San Francisco Giants left Japan for San Francisco Tuesday after winning only three of their pre-season nine-game goodwill series. Manager Clyde King concentrated on preparation for the regular season with winning apparently a secondary consideration. JAPANESE NEWSPAPERS MADE a strong point that it was the first time that a big league team had lost the majority of its games in Japan. The consensus of Japanese baseball experts was that Japanese ball teams have improved but the real reason for the Giants' disappointing performance was that stretching of talent for the enlargement of the big leagues to 24 teams has resulted in weakening of the teams. Hisanori Karita, a former professional ball player, contributed an article appearing in the Nikkan sports newspaper in which he said the Giants appeared to be only of minor league caliber. "I PLAYED A NUMBER of games against the major league all stars brought by Babe Ruth in 1934 before the war and against the all stars brought by Ed Lopat in 1951 after the war," said Karita, "But I don't know of any big league team as weak as the Giants." He said the Giant players might have been handicapped by travel and change of climate, but they should have been in good condition considering the nearness of the opening of the regular season on April 7. In a surprise move Tuesday the Giants sent slumping third baseman Jim Ray Hart to the minor leagues where it is hoped he can get himself into shape to play again. Hart claims that he is suffering from a sore shoulder that also hampered him last year. KARITA ALSO SAID THE Giants lacked power without the presence of Willie Mays and Willie McCovey. Mays played partially in five games and got eight hits in 11 times at bat, but he failed to hit a home run. McCovey arrived in Japan with a blurred vision in his right eye. He also nursed a sore knee. He was used in three games but thrilled Japanese fans with only one home run, a smash .high into the right field stands of Tokyo Stadium in the first gameIt seems as if Masaichi Nagata, owner of the Lotte Orions who invited the Giants over at a reported cost of $100,000, has lost money. Only 10,000 turned out Saturday and 18,000 on Sunday at Tokyo Stadium to see the last two games. 
