
PAGE 1

-the independent florida w Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida We Inform. You Decide. TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 Fallin or Goats Local man raises rare goat breed By LYNDSEY LEWIS Alligator Contributing Writer Just behind the wooden bam on this rural patch of Gainesville, Myron Johnson is readying himself to spring a surprise on his herd of unsuspecting goats. First, though, a few last-r nute preparations: To lure the animals near, Johnson sprinkles a few handfuls of feed from a bright blue bucket. (Better to bring them close before they leam what he has in store for them.) "C'mon, girls!" he calls out. Dozens of his black and white goats trot happily toward him, unaware of what is about to transgress. Once Johnson has the animals just where he wants them, he steps closer with a gargantuan umbrella in hand. Here it comes. The moment of glory is tantalizingly near. He moves toward the goats -they never see it coming! -and pops the umbrella open right in front of them. And just like that, a few of them tumble to the ground like bowling pins. Once they're on their backs, they be with their legs pointed toward the sky, looking as if they're dead, hurt or possibly undergoing some kind of religious experience. Then, like magic, they're back on their feet and scattering into the field as if nothing happened. It's a sight that manages to be charming and laughable, not to mention impossibly odd. But for these goats, the aptly named "fainting goats," it's all simple genetics. Of course, there's a decent chance you've never heard of fainting goats -let alone Coyote Creek Ranch, where Johnson raises his 80 or so goats in southwest Gainesville. But for a select group of devoted fans, these curious animals can make for a unique hobby and events livelihood. It's not always easy. The slipping economy means these are tough times for agriculture. Still, for fainting-goat aficionados around Florida and the rest of the country, SEE GOATS, PAGE 11 Anarew stantmI / seigalor stan 'Myron Johnson opens an umbrella to scare his fainting goats at his Gainesville ranch on Saturday. Johnson raises rare goats that faint when they are scared or excited. Interns starting earlier By KATE KENNEDY Alligator Contributing Writer Many UF freshmen have traded in wrinkled campus maps and wide eyes for crisp resumes and interview appointments in efforts to make it to the top of the heap come graduation day. Students are seeking competitive intemships earlier than ever before, even as soon as their first year on campus, said Heather White, senior assistant director for experiential education at UF's Career Resource Center. White said some students even come to her for internship advice during Preview, finding time between learning Gators cheers and sitting for their Gator 1 mug shots. She cited record participation in a program developed by the CRC and the Gainesville Area Chamber of Commerce called BRIDGE, or Building Relationships through Student Internship Development Life with Gainesville Employers, as evidence of the trend. BRIDGE helps students find intemships at local businesses. More than 300 students are currently competing for 133 placement opportunities, she said. Early exposure to professional environments gives students time to SEE INTERNS, PAGE 10 NATIONAL Diesel prices rise sharply By KATIE GALLAGHER Alligator Writer kgallagher@ailigator.org As diesel gas prices surpass $4 gallon, independent truck drivers across the country, united by the Internet and word of mouth, may choose to take a stand today. The planned demonstrations aren't officially organized. While some truck drivers intend to shut down business completely, others have encouraged driving at unusually slow speeds. The goal is to lower fuel costs, which independent drivers pay for out of pocket, whether by decreasing actual gas prices or by passing them on to the shipping companies that employ them. According to an AAA report, national diesel averages have risen from $2.83 to "Everything you get, you get on a truck -everything down to your hairspray, your toothpaste, your bottled water." Meagan Avery trucking company dispatcher $4.02 in the past year. Meagan Avery, a dispatcher for a family-owned trucking business in Bryceville, has been passing out fliers at truck stops asking drivers not to go faster than 45 mph between April 1 and 5. The slowdown could make a big difference, she said. "Everything you get," Avery said, "you get on a truck -everything down to your SEE DIESEL, PAGE 10 "Copyr'ihe Matil SyndicatedContentl AYviIIe ofrom Commerciil News Providors" A bill going through the Legislature would allow community colleges to add bachelor's degree programs. See story, Page 5. FORECAST 2 OPINIONS 6 CLASSIFIEDS 14 CROSSWORD 16 Thunder SPORTS 21 Storms 83/61 visit www.alligator.org Not official associated with the University of Florida VOLUME 101 ISSUE 127 Guard Walter Hodge and the UF men's basketball team are one win away from the NIT Championship Game. The Gators will face Massachusetts tonight at 7. See story, Page 21. 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR U TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 News Today WHAT'S HAPPENING Pride Awareness Month Kickoff Reitz Union Colonnade / North Lawn, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., today UF's Pride Student Union will host a carnival featuring games and inflatables to kick off Pride Awareness Month. 'Cocaine Cowboys' Screening Reitz Union Auditorium, 7:30 p.m., tonight UF's Sigma Lambda Beta International Fraternity, Inc. will host a screening of this documentary, which details the influence of money, drugs* and extortion on Miami's development and how it became the murder capital of the United States. Horizons Awareness Day/Joy Day Reitz Union Colonnade, 10 am. to 2 p.m., Wednesday Horizons will host several activities, including games, arts and crafts, and dancing, to highlight the importance of mental and emotional health during the last stressful weeks of the spring. Free food and refreshments. Like What You.See? If you have an event you would like to see posted here, please e-mail it to dc ulclasure@alligator.org, and put "What's Happening" in the subject line. "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" The Alligator strives to be accurate and clear in Its news reports and editorials, if you hond an error, pleaseoall our newsroom at (35213764458 or send oa e-mailto editor@aligator.org Hey Ad and Business Majors! Divein o a new opportunity Sales positions & internships are available with the advertising department for UF & SFCC Students! To compete in today's job market, you need experience. And the more experience you have to offer future employers, the better. But how ft ~1 can you get a job that will give you experience when you reed experience to get a jobT Th7e Afigatw-offers students just like you that opportunity. You will gain valuable sales experience through personal contact with clients.: You will learn the newspaper business from a hands-on perspective. If you can work Spring and Summer semesters, then we're taking applications. You must be enrolled in Spring and Summer classes. Join the staff of the largest independent college newspaper in the nation. Let The Alligatorbe your first step toward a successful future. Applications are available at TheAlligator, 1105 W. University Ave. Application deadline: Friday, April 25 at 4pm Call 376-4482 if you have any questions, -g 1 the independent florida alligao VOLUME 10i1ISSUE 127 ISSN 0889-2423 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Chad Smith, csmith@alligator.org Managing Editor/ Print Devin Culclasure, dculclasure@alligator.org Managing Editor/ Online Megan Taylor, mtaylor@alligator.org University Editor Kim Wilmath, kwilmath@alligator.org Metro Editor Jessica Ponn, jponn@alligator.org Enterprise Editor Yudislaidy Fernandez, yfernandez@alligator.org Freelance Editor Noel Sanchez, nsanchez@alligator.org Opinions Editor Panagiota Papakos, -ppapakos@alligator.org Sports Editor Mike McCall, mmccall@alligator.org Sports Assistant Editor Phil Kegler, pkegler@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor Evan Drexler, edrexler@alligator.org Editorial Board Chad Smith, Devin Culclasure, Panagiota Papakos, Don Kershaw, Leigh Shapiro Photo Editors Nicole Safker, nsafker@alligator.org Andrew Stanfill, astanflill@alligator.org the Avenue Editor David Low, dlow@alligator.org Graphics Staff Vicky Cabrera, Mikala Kuchera Copy Desk Chiefs Andrea Asuaje, Kimberly Fulscher, Mike Harkins, Jennifer Shepard Copy Editors Vanessa Cantwell, Shelby Etheridge, Ashley Furrow, Holli Horton, Kristen Huff, Kristen Humphrey, Megan Jeffers, Amy Moczynski, Katherine Mojena, Rend Perez, Kristen Scheff, Stephanie Slade, Lindsay Weaver Staff Drew Harwell, Bryan Jones, Jenna Marina, Brian Steele, Nick Zaccardi Online Staff Ryan Moulton, Carmen Osorio-Rodrigues DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482, 800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org Retail Advertising Manager Rose Sierra, rsierra@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Victoria Livingston, vlivingston@alligator.org Advertising Assistant Melissa Bell Office Assistant Sarah Buckwald, Caitlin Wilcox -Intern Coordinator Lauren Solomon Sales Representatives Wendy Alexaitis, Mirian Bobodilla, Jessica Doren, Donna Gurnic, Jonathan Hsu, Troy Johnston, Ashley Moore, Madeline Ross, Jenna Turaniczo CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015 (Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks Marianne Cooper, Wildivina Rosario, Cassia Sookhoo CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckearnan@alligafor.org Circulation Assistant David Carlson BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Malloy, businessoffice@alligator.org Accounts Receivable Supervisor Sharin Sexton -Bookkeeper Melissa Bell ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Managers Rebekah Hudder Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, Imcgowan@alligator.org President Emeritus C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org PRODUCTION Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator.org Editorial Production Supervisors Kristin Bjdrnsen, James Hibbs Advertising Production Staff Erica Bales, Aki Chang, Briana O'Sullivan Editorial Production Staff Billy Bender, Kelley Coggins, Kevin Hart, Prissy Nelson The Independent Florida Alligator in a student newspaper serving the University at Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc., P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester .$10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W. University Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for holidays. Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. @ copyright 2005. All rights reserved. No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc. 

PAGE 3

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 K ALLIGATOR, 3 ON CAMPUS Israeli prof. speaks at UF Hillel By RACHEL ARROYO Alligator Writer Prominent Israeli college professor and sociologist Eva Etzioni-Halevy lectured to more than 100 students Monday night on the split between religious and secular Jews. UF Hillel brought Etzioni-Halevy in for Jewish Awareness Month. UF is tied with the University of Maryland-College Park for the most Jewish students enrolled at a public university with about 7,000. UF is tied for the top spot with the University of Maryland-College Park for Jewish enrollment in a public university, according to 2006 figures from the national Hillel Web site. Etzioni-Halevy, a professor at Bar-Ilan University in Ramat-Gan, Israel, has written more than 15 books focusing on religion in Israel. She called attention to the fact that Jewish culture is deeply rooted in religion and, due to the widening split between the religious and the secular, the culture is diminishing. "Besides being a multicultural society, I claim that Israel is a divided society," Etzioni-Halevy said. The religious side, or the "right" side, wants Jewish law to manifest itself within government while the secular side, or the "left" side, wants a complete separation between church and state. "How much division can there be in society before the society breaks apart?" she asked. Religious and secular Jews continue to move into separate neighborhoods. The two groups are also sometimes educated in separate schools and pick spouses with similar religious backgrounds, she said. "They never get together until they meet in the army," Etzioni-Halevy said, in reference to the mandatory military service required of all Israeli citizens. New generations are growing up in different social spheres, she added. Also, the customs associated with the Sabbath are not as closely followed. Sabbath, traditionally a day of complete rest for Jews, has become less observed by some. For example, most malls are now open during Sabbath, Etzioni-Halevy said. Even Jewish history taught in classrooms has changed, she said. "The memory of the Holocaust is less and less important in holding Jewish society together," Etzioni-Halevy said. Jake Miller, a third-year political science student, was interested in EtzioniHalevy's viewpoint. "I thought that it was interesting to get the perspective from someone inside Israel, who has lived the Israeli experience," Miller said. Marianne Lijewski / Alligator Israeli professor and author Eva Etzioni-Halevy speaks at the UF Hillel on Monday evening about the growing split between secular and religious Jews in Israel. Get free MCAT Verbal Edge! When you enroll with Kaplan in April! Strengthen your MCAT Verbal skills and build your tet-taking speed-without sacrificing accuracy! Verbal Edge will help you boost the crucial concepts you need to increase your score with: 8 online, instructor-led sessions 20 hours of additional prep N Extra quizzes, workshops, and practice tests .all available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. FREE if you enroll by April 30h! Call or visit us online today! A $499 Value! 1-800-KAP-TEST I kaptest.com/mcat K A P L A N T5TP REPAND NIGH ER MCAT SCORE GUARANTEED-OR YOUR MONEY BACK.' Pharmacy college gets top 10 rank UF's College of Pharmacy made it to the top 10 in this year's ranking of pharmacy programs nationwide in U.S. News & World Report. The program bumped up from 11th to 9th, tied with five other universities. William Riffee, dean of the College of Pharmacy, said the program's high standing was likely due in part to its distance education program. The program has four campuses across the state -in Gainesville, Orlando, St. UF Petersburg and A mi Jacksonville. Students graduating from the program seem to do well, too, Riffee said. "Our students will normally start right out of college at about $95,000 to $100,000 a year," he said. Cracking the top 10 could make those degrees more valuable. Riffee said the status brings recognition not only UF's pharmacy program, but to the entire university. "I believe that every college that attains a higher ranking helps the overall picture of the university nationally," Riffee said. UF's pharmacy school was tied for 9th place with Purdue University, the University of MarylandBaltimore, the University of Arizona, the University of WisconsinMadison and the University of Illinois-Chicago. -LIA GANOSELLIS 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR N TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 UF ACADEMICS UF won't follow FSU's penalizing profs for late grades By KATIE SANDERS Alligator Writer ksanders@alligator.org A $10 fee penalizing Florida State University professors for each grade they turn in past their deadline is not being considered for UF faculty. FSU's plan, described at a Wednesday meeting by FSU's Interim Registrar Kim Barber, charges professors for every grade that is not turned in by FSU's deadline, according to a report from The Chronicle of Higher Education. Most of FSU's faculty members now cooperate with the deadline, the article stated. The bill is sent to each college's dean, who can decide to pay it with college budget or bill the professor. Barber could not be reached for comment. Janie Fouke, UF provost, wrote in an email that UF does not penalize professors who turn in grades late. She wrote that UF's faculty are aware of the problems students could face if grades are not available on time, such as missed deadlines for scholarships or financial aid, and most professors take that responsibility seriously Mary Ann Hagler, UF assistant registrar, said UF does not have a widespread problem with professors turning in grades late, but a few tardy turn-ins are dealt with. "It just seems to me that you're dealing with professionals," Hagler said. "Professors are professional -they ought to be able to get these things done." Instead of being entered into Grade-AGator, an electronic system UF professors have used since spring 2000 to submit final grades to the Office of the Registrar, late grades require paper forms that have to be completed by hand, Hagler said. "Professors are under enormous amount of pressure to turn in those grades on time. You kind of assume that they're grading in ,good faith." Anastasia Ulanowicz UF assistant English professor UF's grades are always due the first Monday at noon following final exams and graduation ceremonies, Hagler said. For some professors who have hundreds of 10-plus page papers to grade before the clock strikes noon on "Grades Monday," the deadline could present a challenge to grade each assignment fairly. Anastasia Ulanowicz, a UF assistant English professor, said she has not had a problem with turning in grades by the deadline. But Ulanowicz admitted that it's difficult to read each student's paper with the amount of justice it deserves. "Professors are under enormous amount of pressure to turn in those grades on time," she said. "You kind of assume that they're grading in good faith." She said she wouldbe against a penalty for professors who don't make UF's deadline. "If ultimately the purpose of grades is to assess student work with the ultimate amount of fairness, then that should be the No. 1 priority over deadlines or bureaucrat concerns," Ulanowicz said. Spring's high pollen levels rough on allergy sufferers 0 OAK TREES PROVIDING MOST OF CITY'S POLLEN. By NGOZI CHUKU Alligator Contributing Writer Since she returned from her Spring Break in Sarasota, Laura Longobardi has not breathed easy. Longobardi, a UF zoology' student, said her nose runs when she wakes up, when she's in her classes and when she's asleep. Getting a good night's rest has been hard lately, she said. She hasn't visited a doctor, but she said she knows exactly what's to blame because it's all over her car -pollen. Gainesville has experienced high pollen levels for the entire month, causing allergy flare-ups for many residents, according to the Weather Channel. Allergy sufferers can expect better conditions toward the end of April. Oak trees provide most of the city's pollen during the spring months, and right now is a typical time for oak pollination, said Dr. Phillip Barkley, medical director of the UF Student Health Care Center. Public For people who Health don't normally suffer from allergies it can be hard to distinguish between allergy symptoms and the common cold, Barkley said. "I'm not a person who is allergic to anything," Longobardi said. But the pollen has been irritating. Coughing, sneezing, a runny nose, and an itchy throat, nose and eyes are all typical allergy symptoms, said Dr. Belen Tan, an allergist for the North Floida Regional Medical Center. If you've experienced symptoms for weeks, it's probably allergies, Tan said. In past weeks, many of her patients have complained of itchy eyes, she said. Barkley said he recommends non-sedating anti-histamine drugs and nasal washes for those suffering from allergies. Keeping windows closed and changing the air conditioner filters can also help relieve symptoms, he said. Longobardi, however, said she doesn't run her air conditioner. Instead, she opens her windows to conserve energy. She said she knows doing so may contribute to her symptoms. "It's frustrating," she said as she sniffled. "My nose hurts." ZERO MOVE-IN ENTER TO WIN A SCOOTER when you take a tour I limited time only I see office for details 352.692.1313 1 3527 S.W. 20TH AVE. 

PAGE 5

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 ALLIGATOR, 5 Bil would bring 4-year programs to 2-year campuses E SFCC WOULDN'T ADD BACHELOR'S PROGRAMS RIGHT AWAY. By DEBORAH SWERDLOW Alligator Writer dswerdlow@alligator.org Florida's community colleges could begin offering bachelor's degrees under a new proposal with strong legislative support. The proposal would also create a Florida College System to oversee the community colleges, both two-year and four-year institutions. The bill was passed unanimously by the Senate's Committee on Higher Education, and a similar draft is circulating in the House. All bills must be passed by the House and Senate and signed into law by Gov. Charlie Crist. The Council of Presidents, made up of Florida community college presidents, expressed unanimous support for the bill at its Thursday meeting. SFCC President Jackson Sasser, who is also chairman of the council, said SFCC probably wouldn't offer bachelor's degrees -at least not in the near future -to prevent damaging its relationship with UP. "We're not competing with UP. They're the best partner we have," Sasser said. "But in the future if there are degrees that UF would choose not to offer, and it's needed by our district and by the state, then we would look at that." He said the council supports the measure because the state needs more bachelor's degrees. Some of Florida's community colleges, including St. Petersburg College and Indian River Community College, already offer bachelor's degrees. Although the bill could make it through this year's legislative session, Sasser said community colleges probably wouldn't change their offerings until the budget situation is more clear. The Florida Legislature is currently struggling with state revenue shortfalls, leading to budget cuts felt at all state schools. "If the funds aren't there, State it can't be implemented this News year," he said. "Everybody knows that." It's also unclear who will supervise the Florida College System, if created, he said. Community colleges are currently overseen by the State Board of Education. A joint resolution recently passed by the Senate would reduce the size of the Florida Board of Governors, which governs the State University System, from 17 to eight members. The resolution must be approved by the House and 60 percent of voters before it is implemented. Sasser said the Florida College System would probably be supervised by a board similar to the Board of Governors. Otherwise, it would continue to be overseen by the State Board of Education, he said. Bill Edmonds, Board of Governors' spokesman, said the board supports the idea of creating more bachelor's-degreegranting institutions. But Edmonds said the board is concerned about adequate funding for higher education, especially if community colleges start offering degrees already available at four-year universities. "That would be our, really, only concern: that everybody is funded adequately so that both the universities can get their job done and the new community colleges can do theirs as well," he said. ON CAMPUS Krishna Lunch price increase hasn't deterred customers By ILEANA MORALES Alligator Writer imorales@alligator.org Despite the $1 increase for Krishna Lunch this semester, the Hare Krishnas have seen more customers than ever before. About 100 more people a day visit the Plaza of the Americas for lunch service put on by Gainesville's group of Hare Krishnas, a religious sect based on Hindu scriptures, said Kalakantha Das, Krishna temple president. Das said that's in addition to the 500 to 1,000 people the nonprofit organization fed each day before the price increase. "We have a blast doing this every day, and people pick up on that," Das said. The price for Krishna Lunch increased to $4 this semester after 747 customers who were surveyed in November stated it would be the best way to deal with increasing costs of materials, fuel and food. Das said only one student has complained about the increase. The higher price has helped the group continue breaking even on costs and keep its second serving line to increase efficiency, which required more servers, Das said. He said the organization also upgraded to biodegradable utensils with forks made of potato starch and plates and cups made of sugar cane byproduct, he'said. Kimball Hobbs, a UP political science senior who opts for Krishna Lunch about twice a week, said sustainability was a main reason why she's OK with the price increase. "We have a blast doing this every day, and people pick up on that." Kalakantha Das Krishna temple president The increase was "bound to happen" and hasn't been enough to steer her away from buying the vegetarian lunch, Hobbs said. Maria Carter, a UF alumna who graduated in 2004, said she voted to keep the price at $3 and charge extra for second servings instead. But she said it's still an appropriate increase. "People who complain about it should just eat garbage if they don't want to pay for good food," Carter said. With two serving lines and more servers, she said she also spends about 10 minutes less waiting in line each time. years ago when the organization "People I know that eat it evestablished a minimum $3 donaery day continue to eat it every tion to continue the program. day," Carter said. Contributions averaged to Das said this was the first about 50 cents a plate before the price increase since about five suggested donation amount, he added. But he said they never turn anyone away, even if they don't have $4. "We want everyone to go home fed," Das said. Harrison Diamond / Alligator Staff Krishna Lunch patrons line up to be served on the Plaza of the Americas on Thursday afternoon. Man arrested for crack possession after he evades Taser Taser couldn't penetrate man's sweatshirt By WILL PAFFORD Alligator Writer wpafford@aligator.org A Gainesville man was arrested Saturday for possession of crack cocaine with the intent to sell after he was Tasered and wrestled to the ground by police. Anthony Leon Flowers, 40, was approached by Gainesville Police officer Shawn T. Barnes after someone called police and said Flowers was selling crack near Southeast Fifth Avenue. Flowers consented to a search, but when Barnes felt a pill bottle in Flowers' pocket, Flowers shoved the officer off and began running, according to his arrest report. Barnes immediately Tasered Flowers, but he was wearing a sweatshirt, and the Taser -prongs didn't attach like they were supposed to, said GPD spokeswoman Summer Hallett. Barnes caught Flowers after a three-block chase, Flowers and Flowers threw a pill bottle into some bushes before Barnes wrestled him to the ground, according to the report. After additional officers arrived, Flowers was eventually handcuffed, the report stated. Police found between 10 and 12 rocks of crack cocaine in the bottle he had thrown. Hallet said that although a person with a rock or two might have the drug just for personal use, she said that "when you have 12 you're looking to make some cash." 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR U TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 Dueling Degrees 'State colleges' wouldn't help Florida's universities the greater need for access to higher education becomes more apparent, some lawmakers have come up with a seemingly straightforward solution. A bill floating around the House that proposes turning some of Florida's 28 community colleges into "state colleges" would help offer students the chance to obtain four-year bachelor's degrees in high-demand industries like nursing and teaching. It would seek to alleviate some of the burden on state universities who are now feeling the pressure to cut enrollment due to the bleak budget outlook. We have to admit this plan sounds enticing, but for more than a few reasons, this may not be the solution to the higher education debacle Florida now faces in the immediate future. The first issue is that the plan would also create an oversight board for community colleges. Taking away the local control over these colleges would be doing them a great disservice, removing the very reason why these colleges were created: to serve their respective communities. And did they really already forget the fact that the Senate is pushing through with a dramatic overhaul in the way Florida's state universities are governed in the very same bill? This suggestion to revamp the community college system is risking the development of yet another costly bureaucracy that will harm an already functioning institution. Students choose to go to community college for a myriad of reasons that include both cost and convenience, but also a chance to determine what they really want to do, or to learn a useful trade that will enable them to succeed in the local work force upon graduation. Others complete an associate's degree and move on to determine which state school would be the best fit for their interests. If this current community college system is not broken, we shouldn't be fixing it. By transforming the state's valuable community colleges into second-tier, bachelor-degree granting institutions just to take the heat off the state universities, it seems like the state would be doing more harm than good and, in a sense, be creating a host of new problems. By assuming that community colleges would be able to provide the quality of education needed to grant a meaningful bachelor's degree in just a few short years, the legislators are grossly overestimating what it takes to provide a valuable degree experience. It comes down to a question of quality over quantity, not simply the opportunity. Can House leaders really ensure that all Florida students have a chance to earn a valued degree by just offering more of them at the community college level? We don't think so. And we would venture to guess that scores of parents who have prepaid for their child's Florida college education would be less than thrilled at the state suggesting they enroll them at a recently created degree program and try to pass it off as a state university education. While we recognize the harsh reality of providing higher education to all of Florida's students amid a state budget crisis that reduced state university budgets by mote than $100 million this year alone, creating an entirely new system with the knowledge of such budget constraints makes little'financial sense. And though existing state universities will be forced to cut enrollment by thousands of seats in the next few years, the very cause of the problem is the tight budget, not the need for another system. l the independent florida alligator Chad Smith EDITOR Devin Culclasure MANAGING EDITOR Panagiota Papakos OPINIONS EDITOR Don Kershaw Leigh Shapiro EDITORIAL BOARD The Alligator encourages comments from readers. Letters to the editor'should not exceed 150 words (about one letter-sized page). They must he typed. double-spaced and must include the author's name, classifiatio nand phone number. Names will he withheld if the writer show jest aeuse. We reserve the right to edit fhe length, gramma, style ad libel, dend ler25 to letters~alligater.etg, bring them he 1105 W. Uniersity Aee., er seed them te P.O. Bee 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604-2257. Columns of about 550 words about original topics and editonal cartoons are also welcome. Questions? Call 376-4458. Oii ALLIGATOR www.aIligator.org/oinion COMMUNITY COLLEGE$Som TO OFFER 4-YEAR e BACH ELOR'S DEGREES: --oImc Column Diversity, obscure classes offer value About 30 years ago, the Sabine tribe of Mount Elgon in Uganda was approached by the country's government. They were asking if the Sabine could move outside of the new boundaries of the national park. It was a little surprising, as the Ugandan officials were the first human beings they had ever seen other than themselves. The tribe had been isolated so long they litetally thought they were the only people on the planet. You shouldn't be surprised. Pretty much the same thing happens every four years at the University of Florida. I mention it because it is a prime example of what I will call the Cosmopolitan-Provincial jolt. We experience it in a different way, and it goes like this: When you came to UF, unless you're from New York City, you came from one particular place to a culture that was really no particular place. That's because one of the main points of any university is not just to teach you, but to "round you out." In a nutshell, the goal is to turn you into a cosmopolitan person -a person of the whole cosmos, literally not restricted to any one country. It's not a bad goal, because we humans like it. Hence, Cosmopolitan magazine and one of the most cihced scenes in any romantic work of fiction: the wide-eyed girl listening eagerly to the exotic guy who knows all about Australian aborigines and Italian wine. So we learn to think both broadly and deeply. Whatever your major, you get used to Hare Krishnas and alliances of all kinds. Then you graduate, and you learn that no matter how much you've learned about the whole world, you have to,live -and make a living -in just one place, a single province with its own small provincial concerns. And it probably doesn't give a rip about epistemology, computer-script elegance or wildlife issues. This is a jolt -whither the romantic wide-eyed fawners? Some take this to mean that much of what we learn here is ;A pointless. While some is -my family once knew an education theorist at a university who declared that her ideas had no bearing on reality -I think far more is Gerald Liles relevant than we students think. letters@alligator.org Every single class you take proves that at least one person finds the subject important enough to devote his or her life to teaching it. And as any climatologist or Arabic linguist can tell you, there's just no way to know when a field will become of the utmost importance. What's my point? I challenge UF professors to think of creative ways to help your students see what makes your subject important. And students, respect and appreciate what these few years mean. Most people in the world never have the luxury of taking the classes you melodramatically whine about and sometimes sleep through. And to both students and professors, realize that other than a few dozen cities in the world, few places are as diverse as the university. You should not be shocked, indignant or snobbish at this. Transitioning between a buffet of cultures and just one entrde is a jolt, but wherever life takes you, savor the meal. The Sabine tribe is learning a great deal everyday, but they can teach some as well. When you leave academia and head out into the "real world," do not forsake what you learned just because it's not riveting at a cocktail party. Certainly don't forsake it now. Gerald Liles is a history and religion senior. His column appears on Tuesdays. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: What is your Monday's question: Are you in 33% YES favorite color? credit card debt? 67% NO 49 TOTAL VOTES Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org ---o-- 

PAGE 7

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 7 Letters to the Editor Accurate facts are available I am writing in response to* Friday's letter submitted by Mr. Jianlin Li regarding the Chinese occupation of Tibet. It is a shame to see individuals, such as Mr. Li, not taking advantage of the opportunity to access and review uncensored news and historical publications. In Mr. Li's response to the previous Monday's guest column reviewing the current situation in Tibet, he related the Chinese government's current propaganda expounding their supposed legitimate claim to Tibet and how the Tibetan people have benefited from their control. Unfortunately for Mr. Li, the "approved facts" he related were untrue and severely biased. If he spent some time in Library West, Mr. Li would discover quite a few things. First, Tibet has been considered a sovereign country for much of its history in addition to being a part of the Mongol Empire and China during the few years it was occupied by past Khans and Chinese warlords. Secondly, the position of the Dalai Lama as political leader of Tibet was first established by Altan Khan in 1578, not by the Chinese in the 17th century, The current Dalai Lama and religious leaders of Tibet also had very good cause to fear the communist takeover as the communists carried out a policy to eliminate them and the practice of Buddhism in Tibet by destroying more than 6,000 monasteries and killing thousands of monks and nuns. The current Tibetan natives are not allowed to take advantage of all of the "wonderful improvements" that the Chinese government has brought to the country, so those that are still alive by and large do not consider these things of benefit. Gregory Jones UF alumnus Homeless crimes relevant to debate hey say "ignorance is bliss," but I had no idea it was the Alligator's editorial policy. In criticizing my records request for criminal activity involving the homeless in the March 26 editorial, the editors suggest citizens are better served by the absence of information. I know the Alligator's readership consists primarily of young men and women with high cognitive abilities who are sharpening their reasoning skills through rigorous course work. Alligator editorials, by contrast, serve as intellectual "Spring Break." Nonetheless, I cannot let this teachable moment pass. Some questions: Do citizens have a right to know how government decisions might impact them? Do they have a right to access public records relevant to those questions? Lastly, if citizens ask their representative to get this information, should the elected official honor their request?' While the Alligator's answers are evidently no, no and no, I'm confident most people would respond affirmatively. The Alligator's motto -"We Inform, You Decide" -wasn't satisfied in your editorial, so with due respect, I'll handle it from here. At issue is the placement of a one-stop homeless center. The original selection criterion was restricted to locations alongside transit routes. Now there is a dedicated van service, so the range of potential sites has expanded. Were your readers informed of this development? And does it still make sense to place the center in a thriving business park adjacent to a stable fanilly neighborhood? Ed Braddy Saying no to this site doesn't Speaking Out mean denying homeless services. Do your readers know the center aims to consolidate existing services? The only "new" addition is case management and, while helpful, we know that homelessness is not caused by a lack of case managers. The pattern of crime, however, is relevant to the discussion. The center's goal is to concentrate the homeless population into one place. Nearby residents have a right to know what might happen in their area based on what has recently happened in other areas. With specific information, we can distinguish between violent and non-violent activity, and behavior triggered by addiction and that of a more predatory nature. In the absence of information, we can only make assumptions. To assume the entire homeless population consists of merely hapless victims is irresponsible. Our community will help those in need when we're confident those who would harm us are not among them. Just as we live in a post-Sept. 11 era nationally, we live in a post-Danny Rolling era locally. I believe good decisions are made by utilizing relevant information, applying sound principles ("First, do no harm") and weighing costs and benefits. By parroting the rhetoric of homeless advocates who have misinformed the public, the Alligator demonstrates this approach and shows a lack of journalistic independence. Ed Braddy is a Gainesville city commissioner. CLOSE THE DAY .OPEN YOUR MIND museum A Night in Paradise April 3, 5-9 p.m. Let the award-winning Butterfly Rainforest transport you to the tropics for the evening. Rainforest admission is FREE to UF students with their Gator I card on this special night only. Rainforest open from 5-8 p.m., with last admission at 7:30 p.m. Co-sponsrecd by UF Student Governmet. htop://wwwr.sg.s|Ledus/SpecialErven~tssrsuNiglits UF Cultural Plaza n SW 34th St. & Hull Rd. (352) 846-2000 m www.flmnh,ufledu fFLODA Mon. Sat. 10 a.m. -5 p.m. a Sun. 1-5 p.m. FLORIDAUFLRD Pre-Med Online Summer Course College of Medicine Elective for Pre-Med Undergrat -Broaden your view of the world of medicineMEL4011 Summer C 2008 Earn 3 credits in a 100% Web-based Online Course. No need to be in town for class! MEL401 1Introduction to the Professions of Medicine -Overview of US healthcare & various fields of medicine Includes current topics in the field and ethical dilemmas A chance to become a teaching assistant in later semesters -Shadowing opportunity offered in MEL40 12 with completion of MEL401 and application Register on ISIS under "Medicine-Generat" See http://www.nsychiatry.ufl.edu/courses for details & syllabus Email: MEL401 l@vgrove.uf.edu GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERS 25% OFF any one GNC Product Cannot be combined. Need coupon 39 14 SW Archer Rd Da!ScAia'5 377 602C) Enp.40D/DD If what happened on your inside happened on your outside, would you still smoke? Learn not to burn. AMERICAN %CANCER SOCIETY' 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR 9 TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 4 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" T N DON'T EEmW f E A special ultraviolet caserake it possible t 5.the underlying ki. damage does by the .n. Ana since i in 5 Asnrics ill dssslop tki. car i their Iifetime, what better r eaS to .1'.y. -s -osren er protective clothing -a use co .n %.e AMERICAN ACADEMY OF DERMATOLOGY 888.42.DER www'adt'r R. E .. but mos~t certuinIyI~ withOul FREEDOM it will ~ee:, be .t nI hi/ it hf -d ,,45(pfiN~ted(l^Y Over 50 classes per week! < Equipment Classes < Mat Classes Classes < Yoga <Dance <and more! 352-378-7517 (Archer Rd.)J T AKV ftOMa INTWrVIFW! ..5. 

PAGE 9

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 9 6 ., 6 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" 9 6 0 * 6~ County health department promotes STD awareness NATIONAL STD AWARENESS MONTH STARTS TODAY. By JENNIFER MACOUREK Alligator Contributing Writer Starting today, the Alachua County Health Department will kick off National Sexually Transmitted Disease Awareness Month with a number of awareness-raising activities. Activities will include presentations to the Alachua Regional Juvenile Detention Center and several UF student organizations, as well as condom distribution at local Gainesville nightclubs, said Natalie Mullings, a disease intervention specialist and coordinator of STD awareness month at the health department. Mullings said she hopes to prevent the spread of STDs by educating the community about the issue. But prevention may prove difficult. The recent release of a study conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that estimates one in four teenone STD. Mullings said she is not surprised by the CDC's findings, especially since Alachua County's rate of chlamydia is about twice that of the rest of the Public state. Health "I don't know if it's a lack of education or a feeling of invincibility, but youths just aren't wearing condoms," Mullings said. The high incidence of chlamydia in the county will be the focus of the monthlong activities, she said. age girls in the U.S. has at least In a Florida Reportable Diseases Report published last fall, the health department reported 1,077 cases of chlamydia in Alachua between January and August 2007. Ana Acosta, a fellow disease intervention specialist, attributes the large number of chlamydia cases to its lack of symptoms. "It's curable, but most people don't know they have it and end up passing it to others," Acosta said. The health department will offer on-site STD screenings at several locations including the St. Francis House homeless shelter and the Ronald McDonald House, Mullings said. Acosta and Mullings organized the presentations and activities for the month, which will begin with putting posters that feature STD statistics on Gainesville Regional Transit System buses. .The month will close with an STD Awareness Fair in the Gainesville Downtown Community Plaza on May 3. Mullings hopes the numbers will be enough to motivate people to get tested. "The rates are alarming," she said. "It's scary. S,% 1 e 3 Nicole Safker/ Alligator Staff Hanging Out Rachel Rubin, a UF freshman, climbs the Bear Mountain Picnic route in Foster Falls, Tenn., on Saturday as part of a trip sponsored UF's Travel and Recreation Program. Participants climbed for three days last weekend. 0 

PAGE 10

10, ALLIGATOR U TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 Early job exposure allows students to make better career, education choices INTERNS, from page 1 change career paths based on experience, she said. It can also solidify career choices and provide skills that enhance classroom instruction. White said employers are just as eager to meet freshman applicants. "It's important from the employer's perspective to get that pipeline going," she said. "It helps, hopefully, to develop students into full-time hires." Secretarial work was not what Karin Dillie, a UF sophomore, had in mind the summer after her freshman year when she took an internship with the cultural affairs department in Clearwater. But she said she quickly realized it was an opportunity to make connections. She said a high school mentor encouraged her to get an internship "every single summer" of college. "If anything, it makes you realize what you don't want to do," she said, which in her case is anything related to city government, she added. On the flip side, after using art-history skills in the workplace, Dillie decided to minor in it. She found out about the internship because the office's director had participated in a program at Dillie's high school. "It kind of stinks if you don't know anyone," she said. "Everyone that I know who has gotten an internship as a freshman has gotten it like that." "If anything, it makes you realize what you don't want to do." Karin Dillie UF sophomore But some less specialized internship programs look more for personality qualities than connections or completed coursework. "What we look for are college students who are ambitious and driven," said Kimberly Copley, internship coordinator for the Executive Office of the Governor. Anyone enrolled in a post-secondary institution is eligible to apply for an internship at Florida's Capitol, Copley said, though preference is usually given to people with previous leadership experience. She echoed the benefits of being exposed to a work environment at a young age, but she said the application process alone is just as important. Gathering letters of recommendation, writing a resume and interviewing are all important skills. "I think it's cl really smart thing to get comfortable with," Copley said. Truck drivers plan to hold informal protest of rising diesel gasoline prices today DIESEL, from page 1 hairspray, your toothpaste, your bottled water." In the past two years, Avery said, the rising prices have forced her family to sell 10 of their 12 trucks. "Maybe, everyone will wake up and knock some off the fuel price," she said. While the demonstrations are unlikely to lower actual gas prices, they could succeed in convincing shipNational ping companies News to pick up costs, said Randy Bly, a spokesman for AAA Auto Club South. Those companies would probably pass them on to consumers, Bly said, meaning higher prices on everything shipped by trucks -from delivery services to groceries. Diesel is a more efficient fuel than unleaded gasoline, Bly said. In the United States, it's used mostly for heavy vehicles like trucks, trains, airplanes and cruise ships. But increasing diesel demand in other countries has driven up the cost worldwide. In addition, he said, crude oil prices of $105 a barrel have mvaron 61, s.uno 8:00 PM Phillps Center Blank Rnx April 1, 2008 7PM-1 1PM Broward Basement April 2, 2008 University Auditorium Arii 3,2008 4PM-IOPM Century Tower increased the cost of fuel in general. If oil prices decrease to about $90 a barrel, diesel prices could go down this summer -but it's tough to say if that will happen, he said. Average diesel prices Monday were more than $4 in 25 states, including Florida, Bly said. "We can all understand the frustration of the truckers," he 4, UF advertising senior Lindsay Tucker pumps gas at the BP gas station on Archer Road Monday evening. The price of diesel, which has been rising, was $4.09 at this station. CHILD DEVELOPMENT, CENTER VPK a 2-5 Day Programs, M-F 7am-6 pm Pre-school and childcare for children ages 2-5 After school care and summer camp for grades K-5th Contact Deb Schrank, director, at 352-376-2062, 1801 NW 5th Ave. a ministry of First Lutheran Church said. Tommy Woods, of Alvarez Truck Brokers of Florida in Ocala, said he thought the shutdown would be too disorganized to make a difference. "There's a lot of talk about it from trucker to trucker, but none of the companies are hearing anything," W9ods said. Still,, Avery said, something has to be done. "It's pushing people out," she said of the rising prices. "If that's what you've done all your life, and most of these people have, it used to be a really good living." AVERAGE DIESEL GAS PRICES PER GALLON Gainesville Current -$4.062 Month Ago -$3.669 Year Ago -$2.890 National Current -$4.020 Month Ago -$3.656 Year Ago -$2.830 Source: American AutomobileAssociation ___________________ U \G SUMMER 206 05' a place to grow. 'Q I 

PAGE 11

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 11 Goats have fallen upon fame through YouTube, television appearances GOATS, from page 1 there's no better animal to raise. One visit to Coyote Creek Ranch is all it takes to become a believer. Mysterious Beginnings The first thing to know about fainting goats is that they don't really faint at all, so brush away that misconception. In fact, the hereditary condition that causes them to fall so easily, known as myotonia congenita, only affects their muscles. When the goats are startled, they often stiffen and topple over, although the fall isn't painful. In spite of their quirks (or perhaps because of them), fainting goats aren't quite as popular as, say, the more regal Boer goats. Nonetheless, they boast a loyal fan base. The most recent figures available indicate there are about 300 breeders registered in 36 states and Canada, according to the International Fainting Goat Association, one of the oldest registries for the animals. The goats themselves are said to have originated in Marshall County, Tenn., but much of their past is shrouded in mystery. What's known is this: In the 1800s, a farm worker came to Marshall County with three does and a buck -all of which fainted. He never revealed the secret of his animals, but he eventually sold them to a man named H.H. Mayberry, who bred them and gave rise to the mddem goats. Johnson has been raising his own line for 11 years. He first learned about the breed through a bulletin board post, which advertised a rare goat type that somehow wasn't prone to jumping or climbing. It sounded appealing enough. Johnson had always known goats as the sort of animals that might end up climbing on the hood of someone's new car. Not these goats. And if any do misbehave, well, they're not exactly hard to catch. Now Johnson spends his days with his Great Pyrenees dogs, Sasha and Patty, who help him herd as he tends to all things goatrelated. The goats can be sold for around $400 each, so they need to be in tip-top shape. "They're just like people," Johnson says. "They come down with colds and things like that." Keeping his herd healthy has paid off, and Johnson has established himself as one of the most prolific fainting-goat breeders in the state. The 10 or so acres where his animals roam have become the home of a dynasty. By now, Johnson says, he's sold more than Anutei pen in mhm akn A fainting goat sign at Myron Johnson's Gainesville ranch is seen Saturday as several of his animals stand in their pen in the background. 1,000 goats. Life as a Goat Some will live and others will die. That's just the way it is, really, because not everyone who buys a fainting goat wants it for the same reasons. A few are whisked off to live their lives as pets -a fairy tale ending for a fainting goat. For others, a different destiny awaits. These creatures are meat goats by nature, and some will inevitably end up slaughtered. Never tried goat meat before? You probably won't find it sitting next to chicken cutlets at the supermarket. The demand for goat meat tends to be concentrated in cities, says Angela McKenzieJakes, an extension animal science. specialist for Florida A&M University. In cities like Gainesville, finding customers can be challenging. Herders tend to develop their own "marketing niche" to keep business -.--../ .t .-. Goats lie on the ground after a fainting episode at Myron Johnson's Gainesville ranch Saturday. strong, McKenzie-Jakes says. Of course, not everyone wit] for fainting goats has meat in mi Jody Workman, a vice press International Fainting Goat Asso goats at a farm called Way To Me Neb. "When I found out there was as a fainting goat," she says, would die laughing." She began raising a herd in 2C years later the goats are still fin amuse her. When a male tries to mount for breeding, he'll sometimes excited that he'll actually stiffen and fall off. "Sometimes it'll take two or three tries before they get the job done," Workman says. She's come to adore her animals and has even bestowed them with names. A goat with h a black circle around one eye is c "Dot the Eye." Get it? But even Workman struggles trying to explain the goats' appeal "It's like how people sometin bellied pig," she says. If it were a fainting pig, mayb 'People Fall In Love Wit As cute as they are, fainting come expensive. Like any other must be fed, they must receive sh land must be properly maintaine For people like Johnson, whos his livelihood, a slumping econo extra strains. Sometimes he worries he'll* another job, because selling his g as profitable as it used to be. Thanks to Florida's recent dro the cost of hay has skyrocketed. he could buy a huge bale for abo These days, he's usually pa $200 for the same amount. M gas prices creep up, fewer buye to travel to Coyote Creek Ranc purchase. Workman faces the same a penchant nd. ident at the ciation, raises near Lincoln, such a thing "I thought I 00, and eight ding ways to a female get so up Nebraska. In 2005 and 2006, she sold her baby goats almost instantly. Last year, she only-sold two. And lately, she's noticed more people are cutting their herds topush down costs. But in spite of the financial burdens, there's something about these goats that just won't let people go. Take David Kotait, for example. He's a high school teacher who also raises goats in Bell, about 45 miles northwest of Gainesville. His goats are "like human beings," he says. "They talk to you -they communicate." When they're sick or depressed, he says, the goats begin to cry. And not just through a faint "WhenIfound outthere was whimper, the way a dog such a thing as a faintino goat might cry. I thouohtI would He swears that acdie tual tears stream from laughing." the goats' eyes. JodyWorkman "I've never seen anything as like that before," he says. alled The animals have also found fans online, of all places. A quick a bit when YouTube search for the term "fainting d as pets. goats" yields about 200 results. es get a pot-There's even a clip of Johnson's goats, which has been viewed more than 2 million e. times. Heck, his animals are practically superstars h Them' by now. Over the years, they've even made apgoats can bepearances on Animal Planet and Univision. animal, they But is it insulting for a goat owner? To raise ots, and their creatures that are acclaimed for something so d. strange, so absurd? e animals are Not particularly. And although times are my has added difficult for agriculture, Johnson isn't counting on quitting his line of work. have to find After all, there's something special about oats just isn't his fainting goats. By now, all of them are back on their feet, ught, he says, but they still seem wary of Johnson and the ;ix years ago, umbrella. ut $85. Most have wandered off, but a little one is ying around gobbling away at the feed spilt on the ground. meanwhile, as Johnson stares out into the field as his goats 's are willing bah at each other. h to make a "See, that's the problem," he says. "People fall in love with them when they start raising problem in them." 

PAGE 12

12, ADVERTISEMENT, ALLIGATOR 0 TUESDAY, APRIL i, 2008 4 U*, V se Winning the lottery One of the most inspiring stories I have heard in a long time relates to the priceless value of education and how this can affect alumni, the loyalty they feel Glen .Hoffsis for their alma mater and others whose lives they touch. This story is at the heart of the largest gift the College of Veterinary Medicine has ever received -some $6 million, which was received by the college just before the end of December 2007. We project that after state matching funds are received, the gift will add $12 million to the college endowment. Endowments such as this are critical in this time of decreasing state budgetary support and will position us to better attract and retain top faculty. It will also help us serve an area of critical need -food supply veterinary medicine. The gift came from the estate of two hard-working cattle ranchers from near Lake Okeechobee. Harriet Weeks and her daughter, Robin, both retired school teachers, struggled to make a living on their cattle ranch. They attributed much of their success to their veterinarian, Dr. Mike McNulty, a 1984 graduate of our college. Through the years, Dr. McNulty provided health and production management services to the Weekses, and they saw this as vital to sustaining their enterprise. Some years ago, Dr. McNulty commented to Robin that he was going to purchase a lottery ticket on his way home. She then told him he had already won the lottery with his veterinary education. That comment had a powerful effect on Dr McNulty. As he reflected on it, he came to more fully appreciate the truth of her statement. One day Robin Weeks announced to Dr. McNulty that she wanted to leave her estate to the College of Veterinary Medicine to further the institution that had served him so well. The rest is history. It's important to remember the theme behind this story and the resultant gift: Education really is the winning lottery ticket. Glen E Hoffis Dean, College of Veterinary Medicine New emergency test planned for April 18 The University of Florida will conduct a test of its emergency communications system on April 18 to ensure that all components are operating smoothly. The University of Florida Police Department and the Office of Environmental Health and Safety will work with other campus entities to test a three-pronged system that utilizes text messaging, e-mail alerts and an automated telephone notification system. This is the first time for all three systems to be tested simultaneously. "No one system can reach everybody, but by using these three systems we'll be able to contact a larger proportion of the university community in order to provide information and ensure campus safety said University Police Department Lt. Mitch Welsh. The text messaging system, supported by Mobile Campus, was tested on Jan. 15. There was an 86 percent success rate of messages delivered within 50minutes to the 41,383 registered phones. Since Jan. 15, the university and Mobile Campus have worked to increase delivery rate and speed, while also recognizing that additional methods of communication are vital to reaching every member of the university community. "I believe that the University of Florida thinks of this the right way-texting isn't the end-all-be-all, but it is a gr eat method of communication that should be part of a multi-pronged strategy for a campus emergency," said David Liniado, chief executive officer of Mobile Campus. In addition to the text message, the communications test will include a mass email to all UF e-mail addresses. The e-mail will give details of the emergency, and the precautions necessary to ensure safety. "Our hope is to see how quickly an emergency e-mail can be issued, while determining its effectiveness," said Welsh. The third part of the test is an automated telephone notification system for specific campus areas that may be affected Listings in this section are a sampling of events at the University ofFlorida, compiledfrom entries listed in thefidl calendar that appears on the Web at calendar. ufl edu. To submit an event online, visit http:/calendar.ufl.edu/submit. by a crisis. The message will be broadcast through each phone in the designated building, detailing the proper emergency procedures. The third notification method to be tested is university hopes to eventually incorporate campus resident cell phones, due to a lack of residence hall phones. Similar tests will be conducted about once a semester to maintain and strengthen current communication systems, said Marc Hoit, interim chief information officer with the Office of the Provost. "Each test is going to increasingly replicate an emergency, to make sure we're prepared for every situation," he said. To help refine and improve the system, anyone who does not receive a text or an e-mail on April 18 should report the discrepancy at http://www.itufl.edul emergency-test/. The buildings selected for the automated telephone notification test will be chosen at a later date. By Kimberly Cruts (D Vs A student reviews his text messages between classes. Madeleine Albright visits UF campus Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright recently spoke at the University of Florida about the five big issues she feels are going to impact the next president of the United States, as well as her experience as a United-Nations ambassador and secretary of state. Albright spoke for an hour on March 26 to approximately 200 people in the Pugh Hall Ocora about the issues she raises in her most recent book, "Memo to the President Elect: How We Can Restore America's Reputation and Leadership." The book utilizes her extensive knowledge and experience in politics to highlight national and international concerns that-the next president will have to address. "I think this is going to be the most difficult presidency that any of us has ever seen," she told the audience. In her book and speech, Albright suggested that the next president should put together a diverse team that will help him or her battle terrorism, control nuclear weapons, restore the good name of democracy, mitigate the negative effects of globalization, and affect change in regards to global warming and energy policy. For more details about Albright's speech, please go to the expanded. story in the online version of Inside UF at http://insideuf.ufl.edu/. The online newsletter also may be accessed by clicking on the blue "InsideUF" on UF's homepage, www.ufl.edu. By Kimberly CrutsApril 2 Goerings Bookstore presents "The Avenue Coffee House: UF Professors and Their New Books." Goerings Bookstore,8 p.m. Free and open to the public. Call 352-372-3975 for more information. April 3 UFPA presents "Diavolo." Phillips Center, 7:30 p.m. Reserved seating $20-$30. Open to the public. Visit the Phillips Center Box Office or call 352-392-2787 for tickets. April 4 Department of Philosophy presents "Evolution of Morality Speaker Series." Griffin-Floyd Hall, 4 p.m. Free and open to the public. Call 352-392-2083 ext. 311 for more information. April 5 The Harn Museum of Art presents "MindSight." Harn Museum of Art, 10 a.mp.m. Free and open to the public. Call 352-392-9826 for more information. Produced by the University Relations Office for faculty, staff and students of the University of Florida April 1, 2008 

PAGE 13

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 E ALLIGATOR, ADVERTISEMENT, 13 a,_. Research proves snuff is still very dangerous stuff High schooland college-age snsokers who look to smokeless tobacco as a steppingstone to quitting are in for a rude awakening-this "lesser of two evils" will still cause cancer and other significant health risks. Dr. Scott Tomar, department chairman and professor of community dentistry at the University of Florida's College of Dentistry, and University of Missouri researcher Dorothy K. Hatsukami published a study in the November issue of Nicotine & Tobacco Research that outlined the hazards facing young smokers who arc presented with the alternative of smokeless tobacco products. "Even among pack-a-day smokers in high school, the perception was that smoking was riskier than smokeless tobacco," said Tomar in a UF podcast interview. Tomar explains that while smoking does result in higher instances of cancer, there is no research supporting the idea that someone who switches to smokeless tobacco reProfessor recognized with Mooney Award Ken Sassaman, associate professor of anthropology, has been awarded the Mooney Award from the Southern Anthropological Society for his book "People of the Shoals: Stallings Culture of the Savannah River Valley." The annual James Mooney Award recognizes distinguished anthropological scholarship concerning the South and Southerners. Professor is national fiction award finalist David Leavitt, professor of English, recenty was named as one of four finalists in the 2008 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction. Leavitt received the award for "The Indian Clerk," a historical fiction novel. Leavitt is the author of six other novels and four collections of short fiction. StUdents earn scholarships College of Agriculture and Life Sciences graduate students Amy Daniels and Tim Durham have been selected to receive full scholarships to the Philippines this summer to attend the Rice Short Course offered by the International Rice Research Institute (IRRI). Amy Daniels is a NASA Research Fellow and doctoral candidate in interdisciApril 6 Friends of Music presents "A Night at the Opera." University Auditorium, 6-10 p.m. Admission fee and open to the public. Call 352-376-6046 for more information. April 8 University Relations/Community Relations presents "Community Campus Council Breakfast Meetings." UF Hilton, 7:30 a.m. Open to the public. Call 352-392-4567 for more information. ally reduces their risk. "There is no published evidence that A smokeless tobacco is an effective Kristen Bartlett Grace nsethod of quitting smoking. It does not pass even the most liberal definition of evidence-based medicine or public health," lie said. The American Cancer Society points out on its Web site that smokeless tobacco users report as much difficulty quitting the habit as smokers quitting cigarettes, possibly due to the high levels of nicotine in smokeless tobacco. An average dose of nicotine from snuff is 3.6 mg and is 4.5 mg from chewing tobacco, compared to 1 to 2 mg from a cigarette. "Smokeless tobacco use deals only with the chemical aspect of addiction, and compared to pharmaceutical nicotine products, plinary ecology, and Tim Durham is a doctor of plant medicine candidate. They will be joined by eight other graduate students from across the United States to study sustainable agriculture in the tropics. Alumnus in Japan making global news UF alumnus and Japan Gator Club member Sachio Semmoto recently was featured in two international magazines. Semmoto -who earned a master's and doctorate degree in engineering at the University of Florida -was profiled in the Feb. 7 issue of The Economist and the March 24 issue of Forbes. Both magazines touted his entrepreneurial spirit and business success within the telecom industry. Professor elected to national council Linda Barroshuk, a professor of community dentistry and behavioral science, was recently elected to a three-year term of the Council of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS). The NAS is charged with Linda Bartoshuk April 10 UFPA presents Jazz Ambassadors of the United States Army Field Band. Phillips Center, 7:30 p.m. Call 352-392-1900 for ticket information. April 11 Final deadline to add or drop classes. Call 352-392-1374 for more information. April 12 Children's Miracle Network presents "5th Annual Spring Trail Ride." Florida Horse Park, it is far more dangerous," Tomar explained. Even so, young adults are more likely to use smokeless tobacco than their older counterparts, according to 2007 research by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. While only 3 percent of adults use smokeless tobacco on a regular basis, 8 percent of high school and 3 percent of middle school students use these products. This is down from the almost 10 percent reported in the CDC's study of high school smokeless tobacco use in 1997. Keeping in mind the steady decline in smokeless tobacco use in the last 10 years, Tonar believes that o1u,'nole especialy ly adolescent and young a exposed to risk by tobacc "The major manufactu to market their products i continue to appeal to that there is a very real danger people will interpret these tion messages as implying harmless," he said. dult men, are still o advertising. trers continue n ways that audience, and that those young harm reducthe products are By Kimber/y Cruts providing independent advice, outside the framework of government, to the nations leaders on science, technology and medicine issues affecting U.S. policy decisions. Professor receives high marketing honor Joseph W Alba, UF distinguished professor of marketing, has received one of the highest honors in the field of marketing research, the Paul D. Converse Award. Alba currentdv serves as chair of the department of Joseph W. Alba Marketing. The Paul D. Converse award, established in 1946 by the American Marketing association, is granted to individuals who have made outstanding contributions to marketing scholarship. The award acknowledges enduring contributions to marketing through one or more journal articles, books, or a body of work. A contribution is considered for the award only after it has been available for five years to marketing academics and/or practitioners, according to the award's Web site. registration begins at 7 a.m. Open to the public. Call 800-284-6472 for more information. April 13 UFPA presents Itzhak Perlman. Phillips Center, 7:30 p.m. Reserved seating $40-$65. Open to the public. Visit the Phillips Center Box Office or call 352-392-2787 for tickets. development session The UF Leadership Development Institute will present "Developing the Next Generation of Global Academic Leaders" at 3 p.m. on April 9 at Reitz Student Union, Room 282. Ron Kirsch, executive director, and Susan Herrera, assistant director of the institute, will present a model for developing the next generation of global leaders. Seating is limited. Please e-mail Glenn Ketcham, gketcham@ehs.ufl.edu, to reserve a seat. APA now accepting nominations The Academic & Professional Assembly (APA) is accepting nominations for the 2008-09 slate of officers. Nominate yourself or others (with their approval) by e-mailing past president Diane Craig, ddcraig@ufl.edu, by April 11. The slate will be introduced at the APA's business meeting at 3:30 to 5 p.m. on April 24 at Reitz Student Union, room 282. An online election, open to all APA members, will follow. Open positions include presidentelect, secretary/treasurer, membership chair, program chair, and publicity chair. Serving on the APA board requires a commitment of three to six hours per month. Specific information about each officer's duties and responsibilities is available at http://apassembly. uifl.edu/bylaws.htm. Read-A-Thon seeks volunteers Celebrate reading by sharing a story, poem or excerpt from a favorite book during the George A. Smathers Libraries' Read-A-Thon. The event will be held from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on April 14-17 at the Plaza of the Americas between Library West and Smathers Library East. The Read-A-Thon is a lively, fastpaced and casual celebration of reading during National Library Week. Volunteers will read for 10 minutes, in accordance with specific daily themes. The second annual "Edible Book Contest" on April 16 will coincide with the Read-A-Thon. Anyone may enter an "edible book" to be judged and later eaten. Prizes will be given in various categories. For more information, and/or to sign up for the Read-A-Thon and the Edible Book Contest, visit http://www.uflib. ufl.edu/readathon. Send submissions for publication consideration at least two weeks in advance to insideuf@ufl.edu. UN IV ER S ITY of FLORIDA The Foundation for The Gator Nation Seen &Heard 

PAGE 14

BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND Classif ids TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/classifieds For Rent ForRent For Reit r t,,, For Rent finished furnished furisheda unfurnished unfurnished *SICK OF SHARING A BATHROOM?* Get your own this fail! 2Br/2Ba flats, *3Br/3Ba townhms FREE Tanning, W/D, 24hr gym PC Lab, Gated, All Amenities, Pt Friendly Leasing for FALL*377-2777 4-23-72-1 NO SIGNING FEES! Luxury 2's, 3's and 4's. No Hassle Roommate Matchingl All Inclusive 3's-$554; 4's-$511. FREE Cable, Tanning, Alarms, W/D. HUGE 2/2.5 Townhomes 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Great Bus Route 2 Miles to UF *Co-Signer Required for Waived Fees (Exp 4/2/08) 4-23-72-1 "Live in the Moment" Massive-Lavish 1,2&3 Beds Pool*Hot Tub*Tanning*PC Lab*W/D FREE Cable with HBO*Most Utilities FREE One Month Free/Immed. Move! 372-8100 4-23-72-1 1, 2, 3, 4BR Apts. www.ApartmentsinGainesville.com 4-23-72-1 We;ve got big ones Specials that is. No signing fees+ up to $400 Cash bonus= MORE MONEY FOR YOURII Call 271-3131 TODAY! 4-23-72-1 Roll Out of Bed & Into Class $469 -$499 Gets you all this! Fully Fumished, Free Ethemet, Free Cable w/1HBO, FREE UTILITIES, W/D, oom ate match. 379-9300 4-23-72-1 Become a LEX Addict. Live with us for a year Huge 2/2, 3/3 and 4/4's Ask about a FREE 42" Plasma TV! Crazy Events, Pool Parties & More! 352-373-9009 LexingtonCrossingUF.com 4-23-72-1 Roommate wanted-Beautiful Mill Pond Condo 2/2 fumished. minutes from UF bus stop right in front to UF., no smoking! $600 month, 441 NW 48 Blvd, directly across from Gainesville Health and Fitness. If interested call Ashley at 305-323-9742. 1-20-7-1 Two block to UF. Furn room in 4BR condo. Rent includes all utilities, internet, cable TV, pool, laundry, TV & microwave. Very nice. $395 378-4626 4-23-08-78-1 2BLKS to UF-$360/Mo 4Br-$360/Rm Museum Rd-cable, internet, water incl! Move in now or fall. 281-3551. 4-23-72-1 Female roommate, own bed/bath, furnished, new apple, w/d. Windsor Park, close to UF on bus stop, pool, hot tub, tennis, gym, $495, 1/3 utilities; avail now. Katie 407-361-1154 4-9-60-1 Walk to Campus! Fully furn bdrm in 4 bdrm condo. Utlil, pool, cable, intrnet incid. Starts @ $400. 904-8597524 4-10-08-10-1 Make Sure It's FULLY Furnished Couch, bed, end tables, blah, blah, blah. Make sure, they've got what you REALLY need -Cox High Speed Internet! Included w/rent at the best apartment complexes. Ask before you sign. Visit www.cox.com/gators for more info. 5-30-08-32-1 Roll out of bed & walk/bike to UF, Shands or VA. Adorable 2/1 available 8/1. Like new, remodeled condo with low utilites. $900/month + $200 dep. Call to see, 352-843-0862. 47-14-1 ATLANTIC OCEAN BEACH COTTAGE <hr drive, BIG/SMALL groups, sleeps 2-16 in beds www.octagonbeach.com 813-760-6369 bicycle cruisers, boogieboards, fishing poles incl. FULLY STOCKED: as low as $177 918-70-1 SMALL 1 BR/1 BA MOBILE HOME 5 mi to ShandsNA. Very quiet & private. $400/mo. Call 372-0507 4-1-10-1 LOOKING GLASS SUMMER SUBLEASE-CHECK IT OUT, fully furnished if desired. $1000/mo call 352-359-2922. or e-mail: steve29@ufl.edu 4-16-08-16-1 Second story, 1 BD/1 BR. 620 sq ft with balcony and walk-in closet. Furniture: bed, book shelf, TV stand, microwave, toaster, cabinet, dresser. Pets allowed. CALL (305) 984-2796. 4-1-08-5-1 SUMMER DEAL! Female roommates) needed. 2 rooms avail in 4BR/4BA at U Club. 3 buses, pool, & gym! Only $385/mo (incl utils)! Call Kylie 407-782-5700 4-31-4-1 Univ Terrace West, 3800 SW 20th Ave, on bus route, 4 bedroom,4 bathroom, TVs, walk-in closets, kitchen, living room. Need 4 students for Aug 15, 2008 -Aug 14, 2009. Cost is $350/month per student plus utilities & cable TV/Internet(total -$425/month). 352586-6468 4-8-08-10-1 4Bedroom/4Bath Condo near campus and on bus route. Furnished living & dining area. Countryside at University. Includes all utilities, cable and high speed internet. Avail. 5/1/ 08 thru 7/30/09. $450/month. 352-483-1052 (must dial area code) 4-1-08-5-1 $250. Furn rm in house. Parking, W/D, D/V, wireless, 10 mins bus or bike. Avail May 17? Aug 17. Utilities/4. (352) 586-6926 4-3-5-1 2BR/2BA in Countryside near UF & Shands. 3 bus rtes. Cable, internet, wash & dry, light, water, walk-in closet, desk, chair, bed. Amenities: pool, spa, gym. vball/bball courts, additional parking. $480/in. 305-401-6708. 4-4-08-5-1 Sublet Oxford Manor 2bd/bath partialfurn walk/bus to Shands/UF rent nego avail immed John day 352-684-3535 after 6PM 352-263-4638 4-9-08-7-1 unlunShe 9 *QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS of GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1 BR apt. $375/mo. 91BR cottage $435/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-23-72-2 LUXURY 2/2 STEPS TO UFI OVER $100 IN PRICE REDUCTIONS! Available Fall 2008, ONLY $585/person W/D, Monitored alarm, Pets loved! 371-7777 Collegeparkuf.com 4-23-72-2 *LYONSSPECIAL* $199 Ist month's rent 377-8797 4-23-08-72-2 MOVE IN TODAY OR AUGUST! 1 BR Available Now! 1's, 2's, 3's For Fall! HUGE Floorplans! Great Rates! Bike to UF 335-7275 4-23-08-72-2 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION Live downtown & have it all! Studios, /1's, 2/2's, & 3/3's W/D's*Huge Closets*We Love Pets! Going fast-don't miss out! 338-0002 4-23-72-2 Apartments off SW 20th. Ave. Close to shopping, bus line and a few miles from UF. Price range $435 to $550. Includes water, sewer, garbage and pest control. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066 Mon-Fri. 423-08-72-2 WELCOME HOME! LEASING FOR FALL! 1 BR $560 2BR $619 Pets Loved *Walk/Bike to UF Quiet Peaceful "372-7555 4-23-08-72-2 Deluxe, Large 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 lv message 4-23-08-72-2 Make us your "Home" TODAYl 3/2 avail now -1096 sq ft @ $343 p/room 2/1.5 townhome avail Apr. 1incl. W/D!l for just $769 -a real steal! Call 376-4002 for a tour. You'll love us! 4-23-72-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 second walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $595-up. 352-5382181. Lv msg 4-23-08-72-2 *SLEEP IN* *GET TO CLASS ON TIME* Close to UFHII Luxury 1/1, 2/2 flats & 3/3 TH FREE cable HBO/Show & Tanning Gated *Alarms Pet Friendly Oxford Manor, 377-2777 4-23-72-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 12-6-71-2 3BR ACROSS FROM UF WALK TO CAMPUS ONLY $505/person Open late and weekends 371-0769 Collegeparkutcom 4-23-72-2 A SWEET DEAL on our Luxury 1/1, 2/2 & 3/3 townhomes FREE cable w/HBO & Showtime All Amenities plus FREE Tanning Gated*Alarm*Pet Friendly 335-4455 www.thelaurelsuf.Com 4-23-08-72-2 A Place to Call Hornet HUGE 1, 2, & 3 BRSl Pet Friendly*FREE Parking @ UF Pool*6ym*Clubhouse 373-1111 *www.spanishtrace.org 4-23-72-2 Up your Game! Live large! Stunning 2/2 & 3/3 twn hms Garages avail. Prvt Dog Park, Tanning bed, Bus stop, Sauna 352-377-2801 4-23-72-2 Bivens Cove -No Move-In Fees 2's & 3/s 1 BR-$699, 2BR-$413/rm, 3BR-$360/rm, 4BR-$370/rm FREE TANNING! TWO POOLS! W/D in select units. Call or Come by Today! 376-2507 4-23-08-72-2 Knock Knock, Whose there? 1,2&3 Beds From $367/bed One Month Free -Move Now Cable*Full W/D*Tanning*Pool We love pets!* Call Now: 372-8100 4-23-72-2 The Boardwalk-No Move-in Fees on 2's & 3"st! 1 BR-$689, 2BR-$399/rm 3BR-$31 0/rm. W/D in select units. FREE Tanning! Call or stop by today 377-7401 4-23-72-2 FREE RENTl! 1, 2 & 4 bed for imm. or fall FREEBAlarm"FREE UP Parking Pets Welcome Close to everything! Call for specials 332-7401 4-23-72-2 STUDIO APT 60 sec walk to UF. Short term avail. 1 or 2 rooms $425 & up. Call 352-538-2181 4-2308-72-2 Biggest Town homes in Titletownt 1600 + SQF of awesomeness! Garages/ 1Oft ceilings/ Gated Best kept secret in GvilleFor Fall! Must see to believe, 372-0400 4-23-72-2 Corrections and Cancellations: How To Place A Classified Ad-:"'''"'"'"' H o w Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M-F, 8am -4pm. No refunds or credIn Person: Use forms appearing weekly in The Classifieds begin TWO WORKING DAYS its can be given. Cash, Check, MC, or Visa Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, after they are placed. Ads placed at the Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND Visaor heck ony, F Bokstre my tke HREEday to with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RETheVisa or checks only. UF Bookstore may take THREE days to SPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. 1105 W. University Ave. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND appear. Ads may run for any length of Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be M-F, 8am -4pm Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. time ahd be cancelled at any time. Sorry, given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first day will not M-F, 8am -4pm but there can be no refunds or credits be further compensated. UF Bookstore at Reitz Union for cancelled ads. Customer error or changes:. Changes must be made BEFORE M-F, 8am -6pm, Sat. 1Oam -5pm By Fax: (352) 376-4556 NOON for the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for By Mail: When Will Your Ad Run? minor changes. 1 For Rent: Furnished 6 Furnishings 11 Motorcycles, Mopeds 16 Health Services 21 Entertainment 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 7 Computers 12 Autos .17 Typing Services 22 Tickets 3Sublease 8 Electronics 13 Wanted 18 Personals 23 Rides 4 Roommates 9 Bicycles 14 Help Wanted 19 Connections 24 Pets 5 Real Estate 10 For Sale 15 Services 20 Event Notices 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex. handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination." We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. e All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. -This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as "personal" or "connections" whether or not they actually appear under those classifications. We suggest that any reader who responds to t Although this neaper uses great carein accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot very that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. 

PAGE 15

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 15 0 For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent nrnishe furnished ) unurnished 9 ufnirished ) yUnfurnished NOT YOUR AVERAGE APARTMENT Sign now for luxury 1/1, 2/2, 3/3 for fall! We've got what you need & want! 3 Pools*Tanning*24 study lab & Clubhouse Free aerobics & yoga*Bball & tennis courts *Washers & Dryers*Alarms*We love pets! *Call now for specials! 335-7656 4-23-72-2 Move In Today! 1/1's starting at $529 2/1's for fall $410/person Quiet, pet-loving community 376-1248 hiddenvillageapt.com 4-23-72-2 NO MOVE-IN FEES! LUXURIOUS Student Living-2's, 3's & 4's. FREE Cable, Tanning, Alarms, & W/D Furniture, Utility and Internet Pkgs Available! HUGE Luxury 2/2.5 Townhomes 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Convenient Bus Route! 2 Miles to UF *Co-Signer Required for Waived Fees (Exp. 4/2/08) 4-23-72-2 AS BIG ASA HOUSE! Huge 4BR TH W/D inc. FREE UF Parking*FREE Gym Call for specials 332-7401 4-23-72-2 Let's Face It Size.Does Matter! Huge PLASMA TV'S Huge Parties Huge Savings Lexington Crossing.Don't Miss Out! 352-373-9009 4-23-72-2 J LE 6 c c Fall Sign -Get up to $300 HUGE & COZE 1 & 3 Beds From $323/bed Close to campus One Month FREE -Move Now Call now: 372-8100* We love pets! 4-23-08-72-2 BIG AND CHEAP 2/1.5 apt 1100 sq ft $675 3/2 apt 1300 sq ft $750 1800 NW 4th St. Over 20 houses also available 373-4423 www.maximumre.com 8-11-111-2 LIVE THE DOWNTOWN LIFESTYLE! Luxury 3 Bedroom Townhouses for Fall W/D*Loft Spaces*Walk In Closets*Pets OK Walk to everywhere-bars,shopping, dining $500 off first moth's rent! 338-0002 4-23-72-2 MUSEUM WALK Gainesville's Best Kept Secret Leasing for Fall & NOW! Luxury 2/2 TH & 3/3 Flats FREE Cable, FREE Tanning, FREE Alarms Walk to UF *379-WALK 4-23-72-2 MOVE-IN TODAY! All inclusive studios from $575 2br/lba $790, 2br/2.5ba $1270 Walk to class, FREE parking! Pets Welcome! 372-7111 4-23-08-72-2 C>) -3 MU cc cc EO cc :0 at I YOU'VE HEARD ABOUT IT NOW EXPERIENCE IT Live the Condo lifestyle in one of our 1, 2, or 3 bdrm apts. Open Sat 10-5/Sun by appt. Windmeadows Apartments 3700 Windmeadows Apts (behind Butler Plaza) 352-373-3558 4-23-71-2 LAKEWOOD VILLAS NOW LEASING FOR AUGUST Large 1, 2 & 3 bdrm Floor Plans; Furniture Packages Inc. Washer/Dryer; Workout Rm, Tennis Court; Swimming Pool; Sauna etc. Mon-Fri 9-6, Sat 10-3 700 SW 62nd Blvd 877-781-8314 www.lakewoodvilllas.com 04-23-08-72-2 SPYGLASS 0 NOW LEASING FOR AUGUST Individual Leases: Furniture Packages, Incl Washer/Dryer, FREE Hispeed Internet; Every Unit is an End Unit Mon-Fri 9-6, Sat 10-3 701 SW 62nd Blvd 888-267-5078 www.spyglassapts.com 4-23-08-72-2 CRICKET CLUB 11 NOW LEASING Brand new 1, 2, & 3 bdrm Luxury apartments Conveniently located near shopping, restaurants and SFCC. For more info. Call: 888-509-4649 M-F 9-6, Sat b, Sun 1-5 4-23-08-72-2 ARBOR Ask About Our Move In Specials 1 BR/1 BA starting at $655 Close to UF & Shands .2411 SW 35th PI 866-650-8069 M-F 9-6, Sat. 10-2 4-23-08-72-2 ACROSS FROM UF! All inclusive studios from $575 1 BRs from $599 -Avail Fall 2008 Pets loved. Wood floors available 372-7111 Collegemanor.org 4-23-08-72-2 Available Now & Fall Visions South Apts. Walk to UF. new complex 1 BR $999 2BR 2.5 BAwasher/Dryer $1499 pets allowed Gore-Rabell Realty 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 4-23-08-72-2 LIVE CLOSE TO EVERYTHING!!! HUGE apts by mall &Archer, Park @ UF 1,2,3,&4 BRs for FALL from $330p/rm Alarm, patio, d/w, w/d, pool, tennis, & bball Call 376-4002 today for a tour! 4-23-72-2 BEAUTIFULAND LUXURIOUS Ceramic tile, maple cabinets, TV in Kitchen Huge Scr. Porches, W/D, Walk-in Closets Only 1.5 miles to UP 2/2's & 3/3's Starting at $500/per person Hidden Lake 374-FUNN 4-23-72-2 **CAMPUS EDGE CONDO** 2BR/2BA walk to class/gym. Mins to Shands. Tile floor, WD in unit. $535/room. Available fall 239-250-6149, 239-992-2449 4-21-0840-2 BRAND NEW 2/2.5 TWNHME AVAIL NOW! 2 BLOCKS TO CAMPUS! JACKSON SQUARE LUXURY! 1 MONTHS FREE RENT! 371 0769 OPEN LATE AND WEEKENDS 4-23-08-72-2 4BR/4BA Furnished $1099 5BR/2BA Near UF $1095 3BR/2BA Duckpond $995, Ask about Move-In Specials! 30 + Properties Available! www.BosshardtPM.com 352-371-2118 4-23-72-2 MOVE IN TODAY! Rooms and Studios STEPS TO UP As Iow an $399 -$829 Short term leasing available! Open late and weekends 371-7777 4-23-08-69-2 HOUSES ACROSS FROM UF AVAILABLE FALL 2008! 2 and 3 bedrooms from $480/person! 371-7777 Open late and weekends Collegeparkuf.com 4-23-08-69-2 Luxury 4BR* I Blk to UF Brand new luxury 4br, 1 block to Criser Hall. Gourmet kitch, art nook. W/D & Ethernet incl Walk to class & sororities! 352-376-6223 Avail Fall. www.SororityRowApts.com. 4-23-59-2 1 Site: 50 Apts Near UF Virtual Tours & photos* Studio & 1 BR $615+ *2BR $399+ 3BR $630/br+ 4BR $479/br www.LiveNearCampus.com 352-376-6223 4-23-68-2 *SUN ISLAND APTO *@Walk or Bike to CampuseO 1-1 from $560/mo@02-1 from $660/mo www.sunisland.infoOO0376-67204-23-58-2 ** LUXURY APTS ** CLOSEST TO CLASS 2bd/2ba available for Fall www.LookingGlassApartments.com 111 NW 16th St. #1, Call 376-1111 4-23-59-2 **$400 OFF 1st MONTH** Sorority Row Townhomes Luxury 2/2.5 from $635/room Pets loved. Private balconies 372-7111 CollegeManor.org 4-23-08-58-2 Sun Island Summer Rates Plus July free on 15 month lease May 08 -July 09 1.1 from $560 2.1 from $650 376-6720 4-23-58-2 3 BLOCKS to UF 1, 2, & 3 Edrins The Nicest Luxury Apts in Gville www.jacksonsquarecondominiums.com Call 352-375-8256 4-23-58-2 **ONE MONTH FREE** Private Single-story Villas "1 BR ONLY $529** **2BR ONLY $599** 2 Pools*Pond*Laundry Alarms Avail*Small pets ok Move-in Today*375-1519 4-23-60-2 *2BR + BONUS ROOM* TODAY Only $699 POOL*GYM*POND *ONE MONTH FREE* Move in TODAY!! 376-0828 4-23-60-2 **HUMONGOUS VILLAS** WD HU*Storage*Large Kitchen 2BR/2BA ONLY $759 3BR/2BA ONLY $864 **ONE MONTH FREE** Near Oaks Mall & Tower Rd. **NEWLY RENOVATED" Move-in TODAY*333-1120 4-23-60-2 2 BLOCKS TO UF1 Studios and 1/1s for Fall As low as $589/month Pets welcome! 371-7777 Collegeparkuf.com 4-23-08-57-2 Union Properties of Gainesville, In. Friendly, Professional Service. Call us today so we may help you find your next home. 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-55-2 WINDSOR TERRACE APTS. 3520 SW 20th Avenue 1bed/1 bath $495/mo Bus Route, close to shops Private courtyards Union Properites 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-55-2 MALIBU COVEAPTS. 1114 SW 7th Avenue Spacious Loft Style Behind Norman Hall Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-55-2 Why W it? Move in TODAY HUGE 3R* Only $315/person Pets Welcome'Greal Location 373-1111 spanishtrace.org 4-23-54-2 2160 sq ft 4BR/3BA home in NW Gville. Minutes to UF. Apple. included. Remodeled. Ceramic and wood floors, 2 car gar, deck, 1/ 2 acre lot, fenced. $1,500/m, 3120 NW 31st Blvd. 352 466-0358. 4-18-08-50-2 1br 1 ba each a garden apt SW $540 Pets ok both locations mature only. 352-377-2150 Please leave us a msg 4-8-08-40-2 Moving/living off campus? Use UF: improved off-campus housing service. Go to www.offcampushousing.dso.ufl.edu to find housing, roommates, and more. 4-23-48-2 1BR & 2BR/1BAAPTS with W/D, cent H/AC, DW, ceramic tile, private patio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th St near bus rte. From $689/mo 377-1633 www.lenoxcorner.com 5-13-08-50-2 -R ~ Brand New/ Leasing for Aug. Have your own house and live in G'ville largest floor plans. Clubhouse w/ pool, fitness, computer study, free tanning. Pet Friendly 2BR/2.5BA sq ft -1,263 3BR/3BA sq ft -1,530 4BR/4BA sq ft -1,794 REDUCED RATES FOR A LIMITED TIME Now starting at $565 352-373-7959 www.cottagegroveatgainesville.com 4-23-47-2 PSST.Have you heard? We are giving out CASH when you sign your 4/4 HERE! Less than 1 mi from UF. 3 bus stops in community. RMM Call NOW while we have NO SIGNING FEES 271-3131-, 4-23-47-2 Whispering Pines, brand new units convenient to hospitals and vet school, 2br/2ba, fully equipped kitchen, icemaker, washer and dryer, monitored alarm system, $1000/mo, now renting for summer/fall semesters, ask about our specials! www.edbaurmanagement.com 1731 NW 6th St. 375-7104 x113 4-23-47-2 

PAGE 16

16, ALLIGATOR E TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 | ForRent ) For Rent For Rent, For Rent m For Rent S uniurnishe~d unfurnished l unfurnished unfurnished ) unfurni shed Spacious*Affordable*Close to Campus Available NOW and Fall 2008 4/2 from $420/mo & 2/1 from $509/mo Fully furnished, Cable w/HBO included Fitness, Pool, Volleyball, B-ball and more! Caj, now, spaces limited 352-377-6700 4-23-46-2 Houses, Duplexes, Condo, Townhouses. Walk/Bike/Bus to campus. Neat, clean, good quality. Visit www.gatorpads.com for available units or call 284-0316 4-23-08-43-2 AVAILABLE NOW @1BR/1BA Walk to UF 1000 sq ft, hardwood floo4 $525/mo. 0 3BR/2BA Downtown W/D, $1200/mo. Gore-Rabell Real Estate 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 4-23-08-47-2 Action Real Estate Services Houses to Condos 1-4 BR, Starting at $450 www.action-realtors.com 352-331-1133 4-23-08-45-2 CRICKET CLUB 11 gated condos, Tower Rd, NEW 1,2,3 bedrooms, pool, gym, washer and dryer. Starting at $119,900, 332-4544. Choose your own incentives! 4-23-35-2 1/1, Ridgeview, free water, next to park, on the bus line, cent H/A, courtyard, 2 miles to UF, convenientto shopping, no smoking/pets. $450 S.D., $450/mo. 562-2824 4-1-08-15-2 1920'S BUNGELOW NE 10th St. W/D hk-ups. Hardwood, fans, large backyard, excellent condition, $900/mo No Dogs 378-3704 No Section 8. 4-2331-2 HISTORIC APARTMENTS Available in Fall. 1-2-3 bedrooms, Hardwood floors, fans, porches, downtown. No dogs. 1st-last-security. 378-3704 No Section 8 4-23-31-2 1 BR Apt $525, quiet, greenspacetreesnear UF, busline, parking, spacious LR and BR, adorable kitchen, pvt patio, carpeted, ceiling fans, graduate students or mature, (352)376 0080/284 3873. No Dogs. Available 4-308-15-2 HoLmr.-on Suwannee River with clear spring in back yard; 3 bd, 2 ba, CHA, WD -ookupsall appliances furnished large yard, double lot, trees, quiet, 5 mi norlh of Bell, Fl on 129. (352) 376 0080/284 3873 4-3-08-15-2 2BD 1 BA $800 1 block to Shands, VA, quiet, downstairs, rennovated: new carpet, tile, cabinets, counter, paint, Graduate student or mature person. Some utilities included. No dogs. (352) 376 0080/284 3873. Available 4-3-08-15-2 Near VA, Shands, UF. 2/1.5 with all buses, amenities, patios, privacy yard, park 2. $500-$600 range. Call 386-328-6229 or email moritae@yahoo.com 4-10-20-2 TOP QUALITY, GREAT LOCATIONS Upscale 1 and 2BR apts. One block to campus on north and east side. Year lease beginning summer or fall. No pets. K&M Properties 372-1509 4-23-08-28-2 3BR/2BA, 1950 sq.ft. house for rent. CLOSE TO CAMPUS. Wood floors, large yard, garage. Available August Ist. $1275/month. 3936 SW 3rd Ave. Call 352.359.1270 423-28-2 NOW LEASING CAMPUS VIEW SOUTHI Located across from UF! Brand new luxury 2 bd/2ba units with maple cabinets, crown molding, W/D, security system & more! Call 333-9333 to rent for Fall 2008! 4-15-20-2 Luxu-*us Victoria Stations 2Br/2 bath, W/D, pool, walk to butler plaza, less 1 mile from UF 3 bus lines in front of complex. $900/month. available 8/1 352-222-4235 4-10-08-17-2 HAPPINESS IS. Living so close to campus You can walk there!! 2/1 behind Norman Hall Won't Last Long! Union Properties 352-373-7578 wwwi-ntgainesville.com 4-23-26-2 FERNWOOD APTS 3555 SW 20th Avenue 1 bed/1 bath $515.00/mo w/d hookups, some utilities incl. Bus Route, close to shops Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-26-2 ARE YOUR ROOMMATES DRIVING YOU CRAZY? Check out our 1 bed. Apts. And afford to live alone! Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-26-2 ALMOST NEW UNITS FOR FALL New Flooring & Fresh Paint! University Terrace 4bed/4bath Single room Leases $425/mo Cable, internet and some utilities incl. Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-26-2 2 rooms for rent Immediate move in SW location near Oaks Mall Starting at $350 2 br 1.5 bth townhouse Wood floors & tile throughout, all major appliances in kit. W/D included and fireplace 850-960-1394 4-7-14-2 **Across From U ** $1150/mo Special! 2bd/2ba Limited Time Offer for Fall www.LookingGlassApartments.com 111 NW 16th St. #1, call 376-1111 4-2308-25-2 Why Wait for August -Move Nowl Immediate move-ins for 1-2-3 Bedrooms! Washer/Dryer *Alarms Low Rates! Minutes from UF Tons of Parking Call now for 1 month free! 335-7656 4-26-64-2 5BR/2BA HOUSE 504/506 NW 3rd St. Very clean inside. Huge fenced backyard. Zoned legal for over three. Lease now thru July 2009 or longer. $895/mo. 352-371-9409 or 352-213-9369 4-15-08-2-2 4/3 Screened Pool & Jacuzzi Home in popular NW neighborhood. Garden bath in master. Open floor plan with fireplace. Two car garage. Pool service/lawncare included. $2000/mnth $1500 dep. Call 371-2462. 415-20-2 GATOR PLACE APTS 2BR/1BA. Real nice unit. Very quiet. 1.5 mi to ShandsNA. $650/mo. Call 372-0507 41-10-2 2BR/1BA with W/D. Near Duckpond w/ carport & yard. Pets OK. $675/mo. Jeffrey 246-5801 4-8-08-15-2 3BR/1BA -1 BLOCK TO UF -AUG 1st. 1227 SW 4th Ave Apts 1 & 3 Cent H/AC, wood floors, parking, energyefficient, historic bldg. $1425. 352-331-0590 or 514-5060 cell 4-15-20-2 PET'S PARADISE $375 -$575. No app or pet fee. 1 & 2BR, privacy fenced. SW 352-331-2099 4-108-10-2 LUXURY CONDO -ROCKWOOD VILLAS 2BR2BA close to UF & mall. On bus rte. Call 332-8841 4-1-10-2 2/2.5 townhouse in modern two year old building, 2 blocks from UF behind Norman Hall. W/D, microwave, kitchen, TV, etc. $1295 including high speed internet and parking. Call 332-8835 4-16-08-20-2 $500-550 ** I & 2 Bed Cottages & Aptsl $700 **2 Bed Cottages, Porches & Quietl Wooden Floors & Central AC. Historic Downtown. Walk to restaurants, shops, & nightlife. ** MUST SEEII Call now 508-9264 **** Photos: www.rentalworkshop.com 5-2708-30-2 Available August: Cute & Clean Vintage 4bd/2.5ba behind Applebee's. Bike to UF! Wood firs, CH/AC, W/D, fans, blinds. Huge rooms! 907 NW 11th Ave. $1760/mo. Others available! www.cozygator.com 352-338-7670 4-4-08-12-2 Available August: Several Cute & Clean two & 3 BR homes near UF. All have wood firs, CH/AC, W/D, fans, blinds, & lawn upkeep. Rents from $800-$1350/mo Others available! Visit www.cozygator.com 352-338-7670 44-08-12-2 Cute Cottage 2 bedroom 1 bath, with study large laundry room, yard service 310 N.W. 20th Ave $795/mo Green Tree Realty, call Barbara 317-4392. 5-29-30-2 FOR RENT 3 & 4 BR houses, 1 w/pool and big game room,wood floors, fireplacespatiosbig yards,private parking,close to bus line, UF and SFCC, Call Rob 954-899-7197 4-1808-21-2 COTTAGES AT NORMAN -Newly Fall 2008. Within feet of UF and blocks of Sorority Row. Luxury apt: gourmet kitchens, stainless appliances, granite, sec system, woodfloors. 335-5424 or www.bellaproperties.net. 417-20-2 Got Bathrooms? 3 Bed 3 bath homes for Fall Behind SW 34th Street Hilton $1350/mo Call Now!! Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-24-2 $99.00 MOVES YOU IN! Want specials? Get hooked up @ THE POLOS Luxury Apartments with low-low rent! I Beds from $799 w/ $200 off Aug Rent 2 Beds from $959 w/ $350 off Aug Rent 3 Beds from $1139 w/ $500 off Aug Rent 3 Pools* 24 Hr Gym 24 Hour Study Room Washer/Dryer*Alarm*Fireplaces*Lakeviews Why wait & miss out? Sign today! 335-7656 4-23-24-2 Female roommate needed Great location! Walk in closet & private bath, steps away from the pool, ample parking and on UF bus route. $395/mo incl. internet and cable! + utl. Call Ali (786)543-4137 4-3-5-2 $390/mo ONLY! Very well maintained. 10min to UF. Pvt BR/BA. Incl Laundry Rm in apt, Full Kitchen, Furn Cow Area, Wl-FI net, UF Bus Rte, Pool, MORE! OPEN MINDED, Call Rino 954-854-9445 or rinopatane@yahoo.com 4-23-24-2 Spacious 4 BR \ 3 BA House near campus and on bus route. Nice neighborhood across from best buy. Available Now $ 1100 \mth 352-281-0099 4-4-08-5-2 2/2 Campus Edge condo. 5 min. to Shands and next to SW gym. 6 bus routes. $1100/ mo. Tiled floors, appliances, pool and gym included. Quiet 3/2 house on 39th Ave also available for $1275/mo.(954)325-6375 515-25-2 1614 NW 21st Av (3/2) $1050 3311 NW 30th Av (3/2) $1050 4430 NW 16th PI (3/2) $1450 Email: SBR@Jacksonllc.com Call: 352-316-1893 6-3-30-2 2006 NW 35th St (4/2) $1350 1206 NW 36th St (4/2) $1350 Email: SBR@Jacksonlc.com Call: 352-316-1893 6-3-30-2 SPECTACULAR LAKEFRONT CONDO 2BR 2BA, FL rm, washer/dryer. Close to Shands, UF on busline. $975/mo. Call Fred for showing. Andree Realty 352-375-2900 4-23-08-23-2 Lovely 3bed/2bath house. Hardwood floors, large living/dining w/bonus family room, screened porch, sundeck, large fenced yard, garage. Very close to campus available 8/1. $1700/mo. Call Eric Wild at 352-870-9453. 6-3-30-2 Union Street Station 2 bed/ 2 bath comer unit available 8/1. Large bedrooms and living room. Private balcony. Most secure building in town! 1400/month, parking included. Call Eric Wild 352-870-9453. 6-3-30-2 4 x 1 HOUSE 2 Blocks to UF, sorority row, Norman Hall, Shands. Cent AC/H, wood floors, parking, pets ok. $1720/mo. Avail 8/10 -1 yr. 665-8166 4-11-08-15-2 HUGE 4 x 2 HOUSE'2 blocks to UF, sorority row, Norman Hall, Shands. Cent AC/H, wood floors, W/D, parking. Avail Aug 16 -1 yr. Pets ok $2180/mo. 665-8166 4-11-08-15-2 Gator Place 2brlba on bus line, 3600 sw 23rd st w&d dw,tile,carpet $750/mo 331-7964 (pics on craigslist) 4-9-08-10-2 Unfurnished 2BR/2.5BA for rent. Available May, 08. Near Archer Road/ 34th Street. Call 904-400-2145 or email nguyen2153@yahoo.com 4-1-08-5-2 1.5 mi to UF and mall 3BD/3BA mobile home on 1/4ac. lot. Fully updated interior, hardwood floors, single garage, shed, fenced yard w/deck. On bus rt2O. Avail. Aug 1, $800/ mo. E-mail info@ivansolbach.com or Call 352-262-1838. 4-1-08-5-2 2/2.5 Townhome for rent, Clean and quiet. Close to campus, bus service provided to campus. W/D, internet provided, pool, clubhouse, designated parking, alarm. $850/mo, $850 deposit. 352-347-6642 4-2-5-2 4BR/4BA Condo available at Countryside at Univ. and University Terrace SW Very close to UF and Shands, busline. Each room has separate bath & lock. $450/mo. Call Nalini at 352-514-3398 4-2-08-5-2 4 -5 -6 Bedroom Houses Don't Miss Out -You Must See Great Housing Opportunities Close To Campus Call 352-682-3928 4-23-08-20-2 3/2 Available Fall '08. 1800+ sqftw/ fenced in yard. Mins to UF, SFCC. Pets welcome! Only $975/month! Avail Aug. 6! Call April 352-5141441. 3320 NW 30th PL. 4-7-08-7-2 2 BR, 2.5 BA TOWNHOUSES Two Brighton Park Townhouses, End Units. 1172 Sq ft. DW, W/D, Swimming Pool. Clean and well maintained. Great location on bus route close to UF yet away from traffic noise -4415 SW 34th St. Non-Smokers only. Available June and August. $900/month 214-3820 4-16-08-14-2 2BR 2BAApt, Close to UF Central Heat &Air, W/D, Dishwasher, Vaulted Ceiling 110 NW 9th Ter, Avail May $800/mo, rentUF@gmail.com 4-18-08-16-2 *****ANTIQUE HOUSE***** Available now. 1 and 2br/1ba apt in old house, high ceilings. $475-600/mo. ALSO 3BR/2BA house in Micanopy, huge bathroom, large yard, in city. Call Greg 214-3291 4-21-17-2 FOXMOOR Condominium Remodeled, 2BR/1.5BA, Twnhse w/ W/D, DSL, cable, pool. Walk to SW Rec/UF/City bus lines/park & ride. $700/mo + utils. Nonsmokers only. Avail 8/9. Call 352-505-3838 4-3-08-5-2 41 "Copy righ i d Ma i riaI Syndicated Contlent a Available from CommerciaI Mews Providers" 

PAGE 17

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 17 Ret F Rent Subleases Subleases Subleases ish )unfurnished_ ) ) APARTMENTS *INCREDIBLE SPECIALS!* Brand NEW & leasing for Fall 08 >From 1080 sq ft/2brs -1633 sq ft/3brs Beach-entry pool*free tanning*pet friendly 352.376.0696 www.EnclaveUF.com 4-23-08-20-2 NO MOVE IN FEES! $795/mo. PAY LAST YEAR'S RENT! 1 bed/1 bath "The Polos" W/D incl. Screened patio. Pristine. VERY CLOSE TO UF! Tons of amenities! Pets welcome! Move in 7/1/08! keikimd@hotmail.com 4-4-08-5-2 Improve Your LEX Life This Summer 4/4's @ $399 & 3/3's @ $429 Waive All Fees.Don't Miss Out! Ask about a FREE 42" Plasma TV! 352-373-9009 LexingtonCrossingUF.com 4-23-20-2 WALKING DISTANCE TO CAMPUS/ MIDTOWN -Large 1 or 2 BEDROOM SUMMER SUBLEASE. Possibly the world's greatest apartment. Josh.Manning@yahoo.com 352-328-4189 4-14-08-10-2 1BR 1BAApt, 3BLKS to UF! Carpet, Central H &Air 1029 SW 3rd Avenue $525/Mo Call Merrill Management Inc. 352-372-1494 xlO 4-4-4-2 2BR 1BAApt Near Sam's Club Window A/C, Nat gas ht Terazzo Floors. $550/Mo 2901 NW 14th Street. First, Last & Deposit required Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 4-4-4-2 APTS for rent close to UF! www.merrillmanagement.net -Merrill Management Inc. 352-372-1494 x10 4-4-4-2 2BR 1 BA Home off NW 6th St. Terazzo Floors, Window A/C, Nat Gas ht. 750 sq. ft. $600/Mo 404 NW 28th Avenue. Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 x 10 4-4-4-2 2BR 1BA Garage Apt, 1 BLK to UF! Wood Floors, Central H &Air Includes all Utilities $850/Mo 1014 Sw 2nd Place #B Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 xlO. 4-4-4-2 $100 CASH to qualified lessee Available May 1st. 4 blocks from UF (behind Chipolte on University). 1BR/1BA, about 850 sq ft. Hardwood floors, W/D 5, pet friendly. $720/mo. 321-945-4438 4-7-5-2 5 MINUTES TO UF 3BR/2BA, garage, wood floors, vaulted ceilings, DW, W/D, fenced yard, great house. Avail Aug. 3642 NW 7th PL. $1350/mo. Sec/ref req'd. By appt 352373-6080 4-23-08-17-2 Sublease ,' DON'T WAIT TO PLACE YOUR SUBLEASE AD Last spring semester paper published on April 23rd. CALL TODAY!!! or PLACE YOUR AD AT WWW.ALLIGATOR.ORG! Apartments Sublet & Roommates Browse FREE! www.SUBLET.com 1-877-FOR-RENT/201-845-7300 8-13-149-3 "Copyrighted Maerial Syndicated Cot VAlible from QommerciiI News Providers" SUBLEASE Madison Pointe-1BR 1 BA Apt. with W/D, dishwasher, & screen porch. Pool, exercise room, sauna tennis, BBall court, security guard on-site. $795/mo. + utilities. Available April or May 1st-July 31st. Call Jen 651-263-5195 4-1-30-3 1bd/1br in the polo's, fireplace, vaulted ceilings, washer and dryer included, walkin closet, Great Amenties, Great Location AVAILABLE NOW! $730/mon. Call Kerri 561306-6871 4-4-08-30-3 2BR/2BA @ Rocky Point avail May 8th until July 31st. Partially furnished if desired. $325/ mo/rm/OBO + utils. On bus route 34 & 35. Pool & on site laundry. Call 305-773-3761 or 786-253-6798 4-1-08-15-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE -2 Blocks from UF!!! Spacious 1BR studio style living'at $450/mo Call (850) 264-7431 or you can email me at. stevenvanlandingham@gmail.com 920 SW Depot Ave. Available May 1st. 41-08-14-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 3 rooms available in a 3/3 apt in Tivoli Apts -1.5 mi from campus. Vasher/Dryer and dishwasher, plus gym, pool tennis and bball courts. Avail May-July. $250/rm/month+util obo. Call 941-380-1783 4-4-15-3 11x13 with private bath, walk in closet, & balcony. 452/mo + 1/3 utils. Available in early may-fusible. W/D, internet, pet friendly. Great bus route to UP & great location for SFCC. 352-871-5952 or Dustin05@ufl.edu 4-1-08-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Melrose Apts. Fully furnished 1/1 in 4/4. Only 2 roommates. Washer/dryer, dishwasher, cable & internet, all utilities inc. Nice balcony, clubhouse, gym, pool, b-ball court. Gated entry. Apt very clean. No fee upon move in! May-Aug (3 mo. pay) $449/mo. Call Jasmine 786-229-7956 4-4-08-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE AT CABANA BEACH Only $480/month! Call Rick at 321-279-4658 or email at rclark13@ufl.edu **NO TRANSFER FEES* 4-3-10-3 Summer Sublease! $375, 2BR, pets allowed, laundry room, and great outdoor patio. across from college park pool. 2 minute walk to campus and walking distance to everything on University. Call 904.254.5518 4-7-08-10-3 COURTYARDS APT. one or two bedrooms. one minute walk to campus. great roommates. first floor, pool. sublease starting may 1st. very convenient and great set up. contact Laura at 954-665-6648 or teisch@ufl.edu 4-1-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE. Sum. AB, or C @ Cabana Beach. FURNISHED, new bldg. 2 fem. GREAT ROOMMATES-quiet, n/s, clean. ONLY $400/mo. Util/Internet incl. 813-763-3457 or chels21@ufl.edu 4-1-5-3 1 block from UF. 1BR in 2/1 Fully furnishedwith appliances. $325 per month + 1/2 utilities, water included. May-Aug '08 (954)673-6881. 4-1-08-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE AT THE ESTATES 5min to UF $500 Month May-August 1/1 in 4/4 fully furnished W/D,utils,internet,cablew/ HBOs are all incl.Gated ,w/gym,3 pools,2 buses 20&21 call Tiffany 561-568-9091 41-5-3 BIG, CHEAP CLOSE 1 bed sublease $450/ mth OR BEST OFFER -all summer. Walk to campus, 2 pools, Ctrl air, patio, dishwasher, cable & internet, pets -yes. Actual rent much more. 847-814-2623 4-1-08-5-3 SUB-LEASE; April-July; POLOS April Rent Pd. -1Bdr. -All Appliances -W/D -$45 App. Fee Rent $650 -813-431-6291 4-3-08-7-3 2/1 Sublease available 5/1 through 7/31 in Pine Rush Villas on 20th Street. Each room is available for 334.50 plus utilities. Convenient to bus routes 20 & 21 Pets welcome. Call Joe at 352-339-5795 for info! 4-23-08-20-3 ONE BEDROOM SUBLEASE, $549/month Good location, quiet, pets allowed, apartment complex Sundowne behind Butler Plaza off 34th Street, 1 block from Archer Road. Move in ready, March rent paid. Needing sublease ASAP. To view call Nathan at 352-284-4505 or Nicolette at 352-562-5565 4-2-5-3 Summer Sublease 2BR/2BA in 3BR/3BA $365/month(negotiable) plus 1/3 utilities. W/D in unit, free wireless intemet, walk in closet, pet friendly, 24hr gym, pool, & jacuzzi. for more info(954)288-5889 4-4-08-7-3 Luxury Apartment at Hidden Lake! Available May 1 -August 1 1 Bedroom/ 1 Bath in a 2/2 Female Roommate wanted. $550 per month Call 3053041656 4-4-5-3 Summer Sublease-Countryside fully furnished,1/1 in a 4/4,only 1 roommate Huge, spacious room, walk in closet 350/mo w/ utilities. Call Benji@ 386-9568505 or email Benji522@ufl.edu 4-3-5-3 1/1 in 3/3 in Cobblestone, avail May-Aug, $550/month incl cbl, itrnt & util. W/D, DW, gym, tan bed, pool, ten & bball courts, sec guard @ night, bus 8/29 just outside complex Call Brittany 561-779-0046 4-4-6-3 FIRST MONTH FREE! Sublease Homestead apt 2BR/2BA. March 1 thru July 31. $719/mo. 3 miles from campus. No last or security. Call 352-494-7857 4-3-5-3 Summer, fall, & spring subleases in The Laurels. 3 rooms available: fully furnished, private baths. Clubhouse, gym, pool. Close to campus & shopping. $460/month OBO. 561-213-2899 4-1-3-3 May-Aug sublease. One room in 4/4 @ The Landings. W/D. Tennis, bball, pool. $450/mo -negotiable. Uti incl. #13 bus. Call David @ 954-993-8992. 4-10-10-3 Two rooms for rent in Estates. $450 per room, includes utilities and furnished rooms with private bath. Thisunit is poolside! Very nice. Call 352-871-6647. 4-9-10-3 Spacious 2/2 at Boardwalk available May 5 -July 31. South on 13th St. Pool, gym, on-site laundry, pet friendly. $765/mo -negotiable. Call Ana at 786-218-2231 4-4-5-3 Summer Sublease, all summer, $500/month or best offer, Stratford Courts behind Norman garage, 15 minute walk to Turlington, furnished, fully stocked kitchen, 2 porches, wood floors, large closet, lots of parking, fun roommates, call (561)248-8307 or mccredie@ufl.edu. 4-4-5-3 Summer sublease at The Estates! I rm in 2/2. Fully furnished, ethernet, cable, pool, gym, bball, rec room. Reduced to $500/mo. Available May, June, & July. (407)949-4824. 4-7-08-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE COLLEGE PARK Studio Apartment Available 5/57/31 $400/Month 060, Call Travis (904) 612-9171 tknewton@ufl.edu 4-7-5-3 $300/month sublease! Large BD with personal BA and walk-in closet in 3/3 Stoneridge Apartment! Includes cable, internet, W/D, dishwasher, balcony, pool, 24 hr gym, and parking decal. Avail. May 5 to July 31. Call Bridget 352-562-2541 4-2-2-3 1/1 in a 2/2 at Hidden Lake from 5/1 to 7/31. W/D, Cable, Internet all included. Monthly rent is 575 + half utils. Apartment well taken care of. Please call Ken at 305-519-8985 for more information. 4-23-17-3 COURTYARDS SUMMER SUBLEASE Steps from Campus -Completely Furnished 3 Rooms Available -1st Floor Apt. $469 (negotiable)EVERYTHING INCLUDED Mike: mbiemann@ufl.edu 9499815012 4-14-10-3 LIVE IN A 212 AT CABANA BEACH APTS PHASE II FOR THE SUMMER MONTHS. REDUCED RENT POSSIBLE. OR LIVE IN A 4/4. NEW & CLEAN. 305-342-8483 briftbrittl209@ufl.edu 4-2-2-3 GREAT Summer Sublease! $430/mo + util 3 blocks east of campus, SW 1st Ave HUGE, NICE, 3/2, walk to campus/midtown CALL 561-635-8642 (Justin) or e-mail jfelder@ufl.edu for info -4-14-10-3 Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-23-72-4 ENJOY A ROMANTIC OLD HOUSE Near library downtown. $285-$370/rm + utils. Short term. No pets. No smoking. 378-1304 4-11-39-4 AVAILABLE NOW. $500.00/mono lease until July. Non-smoker, 6 miles from UF and SFCC NW quiet neighborhood. Bus avail -room furnished. Call 352-871-3987 4-2-14-4 MOTEL LIVING NOT MOTEL PRICE Share furn 2/2 MH $200 N/R dep. $100/wk incl util. 2 wk advance disc 4 wk. Vehicle A+. Laundry/cook svc avail. N/S, N/A, ND, Near bus/shop. Avail now 331-3666 4-1-10-4 Need girl roomate .4 fall 550/month inlcudes everything. 5 mts from campus, grt bus routes, pets welcome.SW 35th PI clean and spacious call Elina @ 786-493-9069 4-1520-4 Roll out of bed & walk/bike to UF, Shands or VA. Male to share an adorable 2/1 like new, remodeled condo with low utilizes until 8/1. $400/month + $200 dep and 1/2 utilities. Call to see, 352-843-0862. 4-7-14-4 1BD/1 BA avail NOW in 2/2.5 condo near UF. Fully furnished, cable, internet, W/D, pool incl. 4 bus rts. $540/mo + 1/2 utils. call Chris 561-445-9034 4-23-08-26-4 Female, UF roommates wanted by UF student to share three beds/two baths, furn/unfurn townhouse. 5 min to campus. washer/dryer. No smoking. No pets. 813892-3996 4-1-10-4 UF Student with great 3 bed 2 bzAk:rduse walking distance to school seeks 2 female students to share house. Own Room. $450 month plus util. 2008-9 school year. Call Lauren 305-322-0139 4-2-08-10-4 Female grad student/prof wanted-share spacious 3/2 house. conv to UF Shands & vet school. Very quiet neighborhood, Lg privacy fenced yard. Clean & friendly pets may be considered-sorry no cats. 352-359-3165 4-3-08-10-4 1 br/1 ba avail in 2 story 2br/2.5ba condo. Furn apt; furn or unfurn br w/balc. Quiet neighborhood w/pool, near UF w/bus stop. $450 -Water included. 1st/Last/Dep required. Avail 4/1. (352) 870-7414 4-1-08-5-4 LARGE FURNISHED ROOM w/private bath, NW Gville house. $475/mo Call Mike 352372-7387 4-8-10-4 Close to UF. Responsible individual needed to share beautiful 4BR/2BA house. W/D. $325/mo plus share of utilities and security deposit. (352)-328-4210. 4-8-08-10-4 Female roommate needed for clean & quiet 46D/4BA condo. $430/month ALL utilities included. Fully furnished. Just 1 mile from UF. Call Dory 954-816-1468. 4-3-5-4 MATURE PROFESSIONAL share 3BR/3BA pool home near University. Safe neighborhood across from Plaza Royale movie theatre. No alcohol or drugs. $350/mo + 1/3 until. Available Aug 1st, 2008. 371-3837 4-3-5-4 Male roomie needed. Share furn 3BR/2BA house w/yng prof $400/mo + 1/2 util Directv, ph, wireless, Vonage, elec. W/D, office space pvt BA (morn) Ig yd fenced, pets ok, trees, wooddeck, hottub, pond. 15 min drive to UF, near bus, Lakeview Ests 352-682-6297 Ken 4-17-15-4 Walk/bike to UF. Own room in very nice home close to campus. W/D, hardwood floors, internet, etc. $475/mo includes everything. Non-smoker plz. 305-968-1004 4-4-8-4-4 

PAGE 18

18, ALLIGATOR 0 TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 3oommates-state 5 umishngs MotWE rcyes, Moeds Autos M/F roommate wanted for 2 story townhome. 3BR/2BA. 500/mo ALL utilities. Clean, non smoker, allows small pets, bus route to UF/Sante Fe, avail. 5/1 for school year. Call Shelb" 904-334-4414 4-18-14-4 Ial Estate"' Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted overthe phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUl PLACING YOUR AD ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373-Find SEEALLCONDOS WWW.UFCONDOMINIUMS.COM Matt Price Campus Realty, 352-281-3551 4-23-72-5-5 NEW CONDOS -WALK to UF 3 Blks to UF. For Info on ALL 1, 2, 3; 4 Bedrooms for Sale, Call Eric Leightman, Campus Realty at 352-219-2879. 4-23-72-5 GATOR PLACE CONDOS 2/1, w/d, 800 sq ft 1 1/2 miles to Shands. 3600 SW 23rd St. $84,900 or rent for $650/ mo 352-372-0507 4-23-72-5 i r 71 New 2,3,4BR luxury upscale condos Available for Aug Own your own house and have the largest floor plans in G'ville starting at $199,950 352-373-7959 www.cottagegroveatgainesville.com 4-23-08-72-5 -* -n W UF and Stadium from Luxurious Jackson Square Condominiums Built to last a lifetime. Prices starting at $220s. Call 352-870-9453 4-23-58-5 Need Quiet To Study? 1BR/1-1/2BA condo in gated community has 1003SF, open floor plan, sim. wood floors, comm. pool & tennis.$153,000. Call Judie Irwin, CB MM Parrish @ 352-339-6879. 2-6-08-5-5 4BR/4BA LUXURY CONDO NR SORORITY ROW-BLTAUG 05 $275K INCLALLAPPL AVAILABLE SUMMER 2008 ELEV ON PREMISE-904-838-7581 3-1110-5 Are you a self motivated person? Are you happy making your boss rich with all YOUR hard work? Would you like to learn how to become a successful Real Estate Investor. Is this you? 866-873-7794 4-7-08-14-5 1 BR/1 BA condo for sale in NW $106,900 Tile floors, washer & dryer, private screened in porch Call American Dreams Realty LLC (352) 338-7505 4-8-10-5 Student Condos/Homes I can find one or sell yours John Cantlon, REALTOR? 21, John Merrill, Inc John@JohnCantion.com 352-335-9994 65-30-5 CUTE 2BR/1 BA HOUSE FSBO. NW Gville 10 min from UF campus. Move-in condition. Fenced bckyrd w/ deck. Appliances inc. New w/d & roof. Cent H/A. 125K www.mickeystahl.com (352)359-6911 4-3-5-5 RENT TO OWN 4BR 2BA 866-833-7832 x 6 24/7. 4-4-5-5 2BR/1.5BA condo 4 sale by owner. washer/ dryer, security alarm. 2 mi to UF w/close bus stop. $102K. Melissa: (813) 453-8326 or adorno@ufl.edu 4-7-08-5-5 Completely remodeled 1 or 2BR home. Cheap price $54,000 for quick sale. 13908 NE 150th Ave. Waldo, FL. 15 win to UF. Must see inside. 352-468-3792 4-23-08-17-5 UF AREA Investment property 4BR/2BA house. Asking $275,000. Call Ricardo Kokkas/Campus Realty 352-3183384 4-14-08-10-5 Beautiful. spacious, 4BR/2.5BA house Walk to UF, elementary and middle schools. Move in ready. Asking $339,000. Call Ricardo Kokkas/Campus Realty 352-318-3384 414-08-10-5 5 Fu-rish ngs BED -QUEEN -$110 ORTHOPEDIC Extra thick, pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 will deliver. 4-23-08-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE -$85 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352377-9846 4-23-08-72-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT -$375 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1600. 352-372-7490 4-23-08-72-6 BED -KING -$170 PILLOWrOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588 Can deliver. 4-23-08-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed. Cost $1500, sacrifice $450 352-333-7516 Sofa $175 Brand new in pkg 333-7516 4-23-72-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1100 (352) 372-7490 4-23-08-71-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Call 352-377-9846 4-23-08-72-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-372-8588 4-2372-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. New, in box. $140 332-9899 DINETTE SET 5pc $85 Brand new in box. Never used. 352-377-9846 4-23-72-6 **BEDS -ALL BRAND NEW** **Full $80 Queen $100 King $170** Orthopedic pillow-top sets. Brand name matching sets not used or refurbished. Still in plastic, direct from factory! 352-333-7516. 4-23-72-6 BEDQUEEN New orthopedic pillowtop mattress and boxspring set. Brand name, brand new, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $120 352-377-9846. 4-23-72-6 BedAll New King! 3pc Orthopedic pillowtop mattress set. Brand NEW, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $200 352-333-7516. 4-23-72-6 BEDROOM SET$300 BRAND NEW Still in boxes! 6 pieces include: Headboard, 2 Nightstands, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-23-0872-6 FUTON -$60 Solid Oak Mission Style. With plush mattress $140. All brand NEW still in box. Can deliver. 352-333-7516 4-23-72-6 Pool Table -Gorgeous 8" All wood table. Leather pockets, Italian 1" slate, carved legs. Brand new still in crate. MUST SELL Retail $5500. Sell $950. Can deliver 352-377-9846 4-23-72-6 Hot Tub/Spa -$1295 Brand N Waterfall, LED lights, cuphol energy efficient with warranty. F MUST SELL 352-372-8588 4-23 Bed-FULL size pillowtop mattr New, in plastic, warr. Can del. $9 Sofa $185 Brand new! Love sea pkg. Can del 352-333-7516 4-2 WASHER and DRYER for sal gether, obo, you pick them up CD PLAYER also avail. $35. Cal interested. 4-2-08-3-6 CASH PAID FOR LA Working or not, Joel ww.pcrecycle.biz 336-0075 4ew Loaded! ders, 110-v ree delivery, -72-6 ess & box. 0 317-4031 t $150 still in 3-72-6 e. $400 to.300 DISC 1 256-0478 if PTOPS 23-72-7 4-23-59-7 Computer Help Fast Gatorland Computers House/Dorm Fast response. No waiting/ unplugging/hassels. $30 Gator discount w/ID. Certified MCSE Technicians. 338-8041. www.GatoriandComputers.com 4-23-59-7 COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-23-08-32-7 Bicycles In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds MF For Sale PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-23-08-72-10 UF SURPLUS EQUIPMENT AUCTIONS are underway. bikes, computers, printers, vehicles and more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: http://www.surplus.ufl.edu/online/ 4-23-72-10 PERFECT GIFTS FOR MOM Mother's Day, Birthdays or Any Days. www.kt2candies.com 4-11-15-10 SLOTS Play the popular game in your spare time. Reconditioned slot machines. Tokens extra. $195. 378-2111 4-7-5-10 MotorCyCles, Moped ** SCOOTERS ** RPM MOTORCYCLES INC SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-23-08-72-11' *****New Scooters 4 Less***** Motor Scooter Sales and Service! Great Scooters, Service & Prices! 118 NW 14th Ave, Ste D, 336-1271 www.NS4L.com 4-23-08-72-11 ***GatorMoto*** Our new state of the art facility will be completed this Spring! We have new scooters starting at $999. lyr Warranties. We also service ALL brands of scooters. PickupAvailable. Low Labor Rates. Free estimates. 376-6275 GatorMoto.com 4-23-08-72-11 SCOOTER SERVICE New Scooters 4 Less has LOWservice rates! Will service any make/model. Close to UF! Pick-ups avail $19.99 oil changes"l 336-1271 4-23-72-11 SWAMP CYCLES CLOSE TO CAMPUS 534 SW 4th Ave. Scooters, E-bikes, Offroad, & Accessories!! Best Prices and Customer Service!! www.swampcycles.com 4-23-71-11 ***www.BuyMyScooter. com*** Buy A New Scooter, Buy A Used Scooter All on one site! Check the website or call 336-1271 for more info! 4-23-08-72-11 GATORMOTO is Gainesville's number 1 service facility. We repair ALL brands of scooters. Pickups available. Lowest labor rates around. Quickest turnaround time. Run by Gator Grads so we know how to treat our customers! 376-6275 4-23-08-72-11 3 New Electric Mopeds/Scooters Burgundy, Blue, & Black. $689/ea. Call 352-284-7174 Other models also available at www.relectricscooters.com 4-23-71-11 Julio Moreira Mobile Scooter Repair Pick up free with any repair. Road assistance. Open Monday thru Saturday from 8:30am to 6pm. 352-258-4183. Best prices around 423-29-11 2007 ROKETA SCOOTER 150cc Brand Newonly 2 mi, Candy Apple Red! full size-seats 2 adults, Ig tote, windscreen, SLEEK-REALLY BEAUTIFUL!! Photos at www.craigslist.com Ret:$1,899 / Sac: $1,150. 954-581-4959 4-1-08-10-11 1996 SUZUKI GN125 red cruiser. $850/OBO. Brand new battery 14,600 miles, gets 80mpg save$$$ original manual. FREE $150 helmet. m_loganm@yahoo.com 352-380-9169 42-08-10-11 MJ-7 Autos, *FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CAR* ORunning or notl* NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS *Over 10 yr svc to UF students OCall Don @ 215-7987 4-23-72-12 CARS -CARS BuySSellTrade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-23-72-12 OVER 50 IMPORTS UNDER $10,000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.selectmotorcar.us 4-23-08-72-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! HONDAS, CHEVYS, TOYOTAS, ETC. For listings 800-366-9813 ext 4622 4-23-72-12 JUNK CARS HAULED AWAY! 00 FREE 0 FREE 0 FREE* FREE*** MUST HAVE TITLE! METRO GNV ONLY! CALL DON 215-7987 4-23-72-12 CARS FROM $29/MO! Hondas 0 Chevys 0 Jeeps and more! $0 Down, 36 Months @ 8.5% apr. For listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9765 4-23-72-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING?** POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK? On site available. Call Steve 352-226-1973 4-23-08-72-12 *FAST CASH PAID* For any car, truck, or SUV -Running or not. '94 and up. Call Segovia 352-284-8619 423-72-12 Sun City Auto Sales @ 2000 discount off finance price No credit check. All vehicles 0" down 352-338-1999 4-23-08-58-12 Sun City Auto Sales Buy Here/Pay Here More than 300 vehicles in stock @ 30 days warranty any finance 352-338-1999 4-23-08-58-12 Sun City Auto Sales Free service until end of contract Any vehicle finance Oil change/tune up/brake job 352-338-1999 4-23-08-58-12 Sunrise Auto Sales 2000 discount off finance price No credit check All vehicles inspected by mechanic @ 352-375-9090 4-23-57-12 Sunrise Auto Sales Buy here/Pay here More than 300 vehicles in stock @ 30 days warranty any finance 352-375-9090 4-23-57-12 0 Sunrise Auto Sales Free service until end of contract Any vehicle finance Oil change/tune-up/brake job 352-375-9090 4-23-57-12 Sunrise Auto Sales 006 Honda Civic EX, 2Dr, 39k, Blk $11,999 0 04 Honda Civic, EX, 76k, $10,999 @ 04 Honda Accord, LX, 58k, $11,999 352-275-9090 4-23-57-12 Sunrise Auto Sales @04 Honda Element, EX, $11,999 @ 03 Honda Civic LX, 56k, $9999 0 02 Honda Odyssey, $9999 0 352-375-9090 4-23-57-12 Sunrise Ato Sales @ 02 Honda Accord, EX, $8999 @ 02 Honda Accord, SE, $9999 @ 01 Honda Accord, SE, $7999 @ 00 Honda Accord, SE, $7999 4-23-57-12 1994 Buick LeSabre. Automatic. $2000 or best offer. Drives great, very clean, but needs some TLC. 184,000 miles 605-201-8087 228-08-4-12 2008 white Toyota Corolla CE, 5058 miles, $14,475. Call Tomlinson Motor Company (352)-372-0313, stop by 3580 N. Main ST, Gainesville, or visit our website: www.tomlinsonmotorcompany.com 4-2-08-5-12 1993 Geo Prizm (Corolla twin), automatic, cold air, $2975. Call Tomlinson Motor Company (352)372-0313, stop by 3580 N. Main ST, Gainesville, or visit our website: www.tomlinsonmotorcompany.com 4-2-08-5-12 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content AYlible from QommeciI News Roviders" 

PAGE 19

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 19 Wanted I Help Wanted e Help Want COE Help Wanted Help Wanted THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY NEEDS VOLUNTEER DRIVERS Transport patients to/from treatments Must have valid driver's license, safe driving record &attend training session. Call 352-376-6866 ext 114 for wore info. LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: Gold Diamonds Gems Class Rings ETC Top Cash $$$ or Trade OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY 373-9243. 4-2372-13 BE AN INSPIRATION! Take a blind lady to Mass on Sundays and for walks and shopping as needed. We'll have lots of fun! And you will make a new friendContact 219-6948. 4-11-08-72-13 UF GRAD PAYS MORE for gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds, guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell! Call Jim 376-8090 or 222-8090 4-2372-13 Aquatic volunteer partner to have fun with me at the local Gainesville Koi Club. I am blind,.& 0 the independent florida What's black and white and "read" all over??? The Independent Florida Alligator And you can be part of the sales team of the largest college newspaper in the country by applying to become an ADVERTISING INTERN (this is a non-paid position requiring 10-15 hours per week possibly leading to a paid sales position) If you are a UF or SFCC student available to work both spring AND summer and are eager to gain valuable sales experience, stop by the Alligator. 1105 W. University Avenue, to fill out an application and class schedule by March 28th. We will contact you for an interview opportunity to get your career jump started! EEO/AA 4-4-5-08-5-14 I am interested in rais ng two o s to en er the independent florida a show. in Gainesville by next fall, Please help, we may have fun, 352-219-6948. 411-08-35-13al i to What's black and white and STATIONARY BIKE WANTED "read" all over??? Donation or cheap! Bucket seat if poss. Blind The Independent Florida Alligator lady wants to exercise to keep healthy & can't And you can be part of the sales team of play dodgeball Please call 352-219-6948 4the largest college newpaper in the 11-08-10-13 country by applying to become an ADVERTISING REP (this is a paid position Help Wanted requiring 15-20 hours per week) If you are a UF or SFCC student available to work both spring AND summer and are This newspaper assumes no responsibileager to gain valuable sales experience, ity for injury or loss arising from contacts stop by the Alligator. 1105 W. University made through advertising. We suggest that Avenue, to fill out an application and any reader who responds to advertising use class schedule by March 28th. We will concaution and investigate the sincerity of the tact you for an interview opportunity to advertiser before giving out personal inforget your career jump started! EEO/AA nation or arranging meetings 4-4-5-08-5-14 r4 -"Coprighied Malerial AY8i8be from Qommerci8I News Providers" SIM 4 -i the independent florid CLASSIFIED CLERK The Independent Florida Alligator Classified Department is looking for a part time classified advertising clerk. Requirements are: OMust be a currently registered student at UF or SFCC to apply (including attending summer classes) *Must be available for immediate start OMust be available for summer hours (8am-5pm on Fridays a must for summer semester) -other hours flexible Mon-Fri 8am -5pm OMust be very reliable OMust be detail-oriented OMust be proficient with computers and willing to learn new programs. OMust be good at basic math and spelling gExperience with customer service, cashiering and accounting a plus *Prefer Freshman or Sophomore willing to commit to at least one year. (You'll like it and want to stay :) Come by The Alligator office at 1105 West University Avenue between 8am and 5pm, Monday thru Friday. to fill out an application. No phone calls please. EOE. LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, personal references. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-23-72-14 CNA CLASS: $250! learn @ your own time & pace. All you need to be a CNA & pass the state exam is on VCR tape. I have a 95% PASS RATE! check it out: www.lapcnatraining.com or 800-566-4913 4-23-72-14 Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and computer science needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/employment 4-23-08-72-14 BARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-23-72-14 SECRET SHOPPERS Needed for evaluations of Local Stores, Restaurants and Theaters Flexible Hours, Training Provided Call 1-800-585-9024 ext 6254 4-23-08-72-14 GATOR DOMINOS Earn $12 -15/Hour DRIVERS $6.79 -$7.40/Hour INSIDERS $8.00-$9.40/hr MANAGERS in training Apply online at www.gatordominos.com/jobs Or at any of the 6 locations. 4-23-08-72-14 Gator Domino's is growing again. We are looking for career oriented team members. Now hiring Assistant Managers and future GMs. $8.00-$9.40/hr for Managers in training. GMs $40k+. Send -resumes to Freddie@gatordominos.com. Learn more at www.gatordominos.com 4-23-72-14 COMMERCIAL CALL CENTER Phone reps needed ASAP Political & Corp Campaigns. Up to $9/hr + bonus potential. 352/371-5888 X111, 4112 NW 22 Dr. 423-72-14 www.gatorsneedjobs.com Paid survey takers needed in Gainesville. 100% FREE to join. Click on surveys. 4-23-71-14 PARADIGM PROPERTIES Leasing Specialist, PT Sales & customer service exp. EOE, DFWP 220 N. Main; 352-375-2152 x301 www.teamparadigm.com 4-23-72-14 DELIVERY DRIVERS up to $12/hr. KITCHEN HELP $7.00-$7.25/hr. CALIFORNIA CHICKEN GRILL 378-2442 4-23-72-14 INSIDE SALES PEOPLE For a major telecom company. Flexible hours. PT or FT No nights or weekends. Bilingual a plus. EEOC. 372-2051 4-23-72-14 EARN $60 THIS WEEK! Donate Plasma & Save a Life $$$$$$$$$$$$ Best part-time job you'll ever have. NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St. 352-378-9204 4-23-08-72-14 PARK PLACE CAR WASH Now Hiring FT & PT positions available. Great environment. flexible hours. Apply in person 7404 NW4th Blvd-Across from Home Depot 4-23-08-72-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Scheds! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 Call Now! 4-23-65-14 **GATOR MOVING** P/T, FIT, flex hrs. Good pay, tips advancement. Apply 505 NW 53rd Ave B/T Malin NW 13 St. Bring friend to work with. 4-23-08-72-14 If You're Not Earning $500 A Day Part Time, visit www.YouBenefitNow.com 8-15-07-5-14 Summer Jobs 0$2100 Co-ed camp Room and Board included Get Paid to Play! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs wale and female suwwer cawp counselors ages 18 and up. FEYC is an over-night camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL. The camp runs June 9 -July 26. Please contact Krys Ragland at 1-800-523-1673 Ext. 251 or 253 455-4267 4-23-71-14. $STUDENTS GET CASH ON THE SPOT$ For gently used clothing/accessories & furniture. No appt.necessary! -Sandy's Savvy Chic Resale Boutique 2906 NW 13th St. 3721226 4-23-08-69-14 Sales & Leasing Agents PT & FT openings. Need outgoing, customer-friendly attitude & strong sales/closing skills. Excellent bonuses & benefits packages. Fax/email resume, cover letter & avail schedule 352-376-6269 hr@trimarkproperties.com 4-23-59-14 -LEASING AGENT, PT Friendly, energetic person. Experience preferred. 20 hrs/wk. Hourly & bonus.Great benefits. Must be avail. weekends.Apply in person 13400 Progress Blvd. Alachua or Hunters Crossing Apts. DFWP 4-23-0865-14 Statewide Furniture Installers Needed. Hiring Today for FT&Summer Work. Starting $10-$12 On EXP. Hotel & Meal Comp.Fast Advancement, Benefits, Vac & 401K. Must Have valid FL DL. DFWP 352-373-7516. 6-3-72-14 G8RBAY.com 0 Get Paid & Have Fun 0 Flexible Hrs & Competitive $ 0 Sales Experience Required 0 eBay exp. + 0 Resume to g8rbay@bellsouth.net 4-9-08-50-14 Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive brand new cars with ads placed on them. www.AdCarClub.com 4-23-59-14 ADVERTISING SALES REP Greed is good. We're a Gainesville-area newspaper looking for an advertising sales rep who loves to make money. This person needs to be able to iwpresn a client and speak eloquently. We need an ad representative who can not only walk into a biness and show off the paper and its Website but also write detailed, professional letters to clients. We need somebody who can attend Chamber of Commerce meetings and have no problems starting conversations 'with complete strangers. Your reward for having this sort of talent will be a great paycheck. We pay a base salary plus a very generous percentage of whatever you sell. You will not be disappointed. We don't care if youljust graduating from college or have decades of experience. We're looking for somebody who can dazzle us and our clients. Please write us a great cover letter and tell us why we should consider you. If we like what we see, we'll contact you and answer your questions. Send your cover letter, resume and any other supporting material to: Ad Rep Position P 0 Box 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604 423-58-14 400+ Counselor/Instructor Jobs! 3 Coed Summer Camps in PA, Travel Paid. Top Salary. Cool Nights & Warm Days! 1-800-488-4321, www.lohikan.com 4-2308-57-14 **DANCERS NEEDED** For adult entertainment company. Make $1000+/wk. Flex schedule. 378-3312 4-2355-14 GRADUATING PRE-MEDS Clinical Assistant for full time patient care. Will train. EmailMCAT & resume to: Dr. Levy afn22025@dox.net 4-23-47-14 Fun summer jobs! Earn Great Pay! City of Gainesville Parks/Rec Dept. is now hiring for seasonal recreation and aquatics positions! Apply Online today at www.cityofgainesville.jobs AA/EO/DFWNets Pref Employer. 7-10-08-58-14 LOOKING FOR LEADERS AND SALES REPS. Must be self-motivated and hardworking PT or FT. 50% commission. 8 4640234 4-23-08-36-14 BENTO CAFE Now hiring experienced sushi and wok chefs. Flexible hours PT or FT Apply in person at Newberry location next to Gator's Dockside and Moe's. 4-8-08-20-14 Local finance co. seeks a FT Accounting Asst to work approx 40 hrs/wk. Competitive wage + bonuses. Candidate must be motivated, mature, and long-term. Accounting exp pref. Fax resume to 1-877-327-3146 4-23-08-29-14 PT FILE CLERK/STOCKING CLERK for busy doctor's office. Afternoons 1-5pm Fax resume to 352-377-9577 2-21-5-14 Wanted: Male Camp Counselors Timber Ridge Camp, a coed, overnight camp in WV, is seeking energetic & fun staff for a variety of positions. Competitive pay & travel allowance. 800.258.2267 or TRCAMPS.com 4-2-08-11-14 PAID ADVERTISING SALES and MARKETING POSITION. REAL sales and marketing internship working for Plan It Florida, the free student planner at Gator Textbooks! GREAT RESUME BOOSTER! Call Phil at 610-696-8384 ext 101, phil@studentmediagroup.com www.studentmediagroup.com 4-16-08-2114 LANDSCAPER NEEDED FT a FOR COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES VALID DRIVER'S LICENSE & CLEAN BACKGROUND A MUST. Experience preferred. Call 352-222-1904 4-15-08-20-14 ARNP/ PA to conduct adult physical exams, PRN, mornings variable. Fax resume to 352-333-3936. 4-8-08-15-14 

PAGE 20

20, ALLIGATOR E TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 HelpfWantd A Help Wanted Help Wanted Services Personals Positions avail for PT counselors 11am-6pm mon-fri After school program forages 10& up. starting at $9/hr & up Also Summer Program counselor positions flex days & hrs. New hitech facility www.hangtimeforkids.com 4-9-08-15-14 Looking for responsible adults who can work a minimum of 30 hours a week as servers .or take out-counter personals. Nero's pizza and Italian restaurant. Call 352-871-6748 for more info or set up interview. 4-2-10-14 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED The faEor Tennis Camp is now hiring staff for this summer. Only skilled, energetic and personable individuals should apply. Contact M. B. Chafin at 392-3538 or mbchaf@aol.com as soon as possible. GTC is held on the campus in June and July. We are currently in our 32nd season. 4-18-20-14 Part time receptionist/cashier. M-F, 5:30-8:00 PM and Saturday 8:00-6:00. Apply in person, Palm Chevrolet of Gainesville, 2600 N. Main St. (352) 376-7581 4-7-08-10-14 SANDY'S SAVVY CHIC RESALE BOUTIQUE NOW HIRING. Great working environment PT/FT positions available. $7$7.50/hr + incentives. 352-372-1226 -2906 NW 13th St. 4-7-08-10-14 ADMIN ASST For CEO Must be professional. Typing 55 wpm. Strong attention to detail. Four year degree a plus. Able to multi-task. Strong written and verbal skills. FT. Some Sats. Medical reimbursement bonus and profit sharing. Please send resume to hr@gleim.com. www.gleim.com 4-7-08-10-14 Head rowing coach beginning summer 2008. $1000/month/9month rowing season. Details & application info. http://www.gainesvillearea rowing.com/coach.htm 4-4-08-8-14 Disabled male student looking for students to assist in the morning for 45min 2-3 days per week. Flexible schedule, $10/day job to begin in mid-august contact: Bill Nabors bbaboms@uga.edu 4-1-08-5-14 EVENT SUPERVISORS I PT Sv;J-uisors needed, days, nights, weekends. Flexible hours. Great 2nd Job! Apply at Concessions Office, South End Zone Ben Hill Griffin Stadium, next to the Gator Sport Shop 352-375-4683 x6500 4-2-6-14 WAREHOUSE STAFF! PT inventory control, flexible hours. Great job for students! Will work around class schedule. Apply at Concessions Office South End Zone Ben Hill Griffin Stadium, next to the Gator Sport Shop 352-375-4683 x6500 4-2-6-14 Gnv Nonprofit seeksAdminAsst. MS Ofcexp req'd, exp in A/R and sustainable agriculture a plus. Fax/email resume to 352-377-8363 or fog@foginfo.org. 4-1-08-5-14 The Honey Baked Ham Co & Cafe is now hiring for front sales staff & sandwich prep. Approx 20-25 hrs, $7/hr starting pay. Apply in person 618 NW 60th St. (Behind McDonalds on Newberry Rd) Call 331-1253 4-1-08-514 SALES/MARKETING CONSULTANT FT. Work with studying products for accountants and pilots. Send resume to hr@gleim.com www.gleim.com 4-8-08-10-14 CARETAKER NEEDED Great opportunity for psych/special or behavior majors. Gain experience in autism intervention with 21-year-old. Fax resume to 375-4268 4-1-5-14 DENTAL TECH Experienced only. Fax resume to 375-4268 4-1-5-14 Window Blind Installers Needed part time for independent contractor. Please call 352-339-4600 4-23-08-20-14 Child care center is seeking energetic, creative, and enthusiastic individuals with a love for children to staff its child care program. Interested applicants should email your resume to kidshineccc@hotmail or apply in person at 619 NE 1st ST, Gainesville, FL. 4-2-08-5-14 Bright futures scholar wanted for secretarial work for retired professor, send resume to 229 SW 43rd Terr, Gainesville, FI 32607 4-2-5-14 Local company is seeking trustworthy, enthusiastic people to staff a call center. If you like talking on the phone, are reliable and can relate well to people, this may be the job for you. Part-time evening hours and competitive pay in a high-energy environment. Interested persons call 352-219-3157 or e-mail Commu nications.Data@gmail.com for more information or to apply. 4-2-08-5-14 Phone Reps needed 7.00/hr+bonus. Flex.hours. Send Resumes to sales@primecaraudio.com. 352-870-4536 leave message 4-9-08-10-14 House Cleaning Job All around Cleaning & Laundry F/T -M-F 10am-5pm $6.75 hr Call 256-3323 for more info and interview. .4-23-08-20-14 MARTIALARTS INSTRUCTOR WANTED For fastest-growing martial arts school in Gainesville. Friendly, energetic person. Experience preferred but not necessary. Will train. Call 352-375-0700. 4-10-08-10-14 GUTHRIES IS LOOKING FOR FRESH FACESI We are looking for cashiers, cooks, and a manager in training. We are also looking for models for our new Gut Girls Calendar! All applicants please apply in person 1520 SW 13th St. 4-3-5-14 The Salvation Army is looking for a spiritfilled Youth Minister with Biblical preaching and teaching experience. For additional information please call: (352) 376-1743 44-08-5-14 Caregiver needed for,25 yr old disabled girl. Must have your own personal low profile vehicle (i.e. no SUVs). Must be a UF student. Position available immediately and must be able to work through the summer semester with time off allowed for the semester break. Hrs: M-F 5:30pm-8pm. $10 per hr. Luxuriuos work conditions. Call Jerry at 377-1306 44-5-14 FT receptionist for research clinic. Answer phone, triage patients, and have experience with MS Office. Experience with Med Manager is a plus. Must be well organized. Fax resume to 331-5761. 4-4-08-5-14 Advanced Web Designer with people skills. Possible long term and mgmnt/shareholder position. Music industry knowledge preferred. Pay hourly or salary. Mike 215-1026. 4-11-08-10-14 Part time work home and office. $9.00/h start. Weekends and weekdays. Mowing experience preferred tel. 352-591-3000. 423-08-17-14 Janitorial/ Maintenance Worker Looking for a full time worker with a positive attitude and a person who takes pride in a job well done. Both in and outside work required at several Gainesville locations. Must be able to pass a criminal history check, and have a valid Florida driver's license. Work schedule is 6:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday. $9.00 per hour plus health insurance and other benefits. An application may be picked up at 1300 NW 6th Street, Gainesville, FL 32601, or found online at www.cdsfl.org Submit completed application and/or resume to LaVonya Bryan, 1300 NW 6th Street, Gainesville, FL 32601. EOE/DFWP 4-22-14 Bookkeeper -A Student Housing Comm. near Univ of FL. Duties include A/R, A/P data entry & gen ofc admin. Prev exp with MRI or other property mgt software a plus. Comp salary/benefits. Qualified applicants must pass a backround/drug test. EOE. Apply online: www.studenthousing.com/company/ employment.asp 4-7-08-5-14 Perfect Summer Job Near Campus FT/PT 9-5 M-F Good $$$ Small financial office, must have computer skills, call 373-3000 or email resume to totalplanning@hotmail.com 4-7-5-14 PIZZA MAKER for traditional hand tossed New Jersey style pizza,EXPERIENCE REQUIREDpart time hrs, every Thurs & Fri,SW GNVplease call 745-0456. 4-1408-10-14 CASHIERS NEEDEDII PT Cashiers needed. Teller Exp. Preferred. Days, nights weekends. Flexible hours. Great 2nd Job! Apply at Concessions Office, South End Zone Ben Hill Griffin Stadium, next to the Gator Sport Shop 352-375-4683 x6500 4-2-2-14 ServiCes IMPORT AUTO REPAIR.BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-23-72-15 HYPNOTIST -Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Elminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079 4-23-72-15 EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The. countryclub for horses & owners. Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath. 250'x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump paddock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 matted stalls, 19 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-591-3175 everglade-equestrian.com 4-23-72-15 Want to be a CNA? Don't want to wait? Express Training Services can get you certifled under 3 wks! Hands-on exp, no videos. Day/eve/wkend. Class sizes limited. 3381193 for details. expresstrainingservices.com 4-23-07-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-23-72-15 TLC HORSEBOARD All facilities & amenities, quality instruction; 15 minutes from UF. Jan at 376-7762. Greathouse Equestrian Ctr. 8-13-72-15 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Ask about the student special! 10 Free Boxes ($35 value!). FL Reg MI 19 One item or a houseful! Call Now! 352-374-4791, 800-797-6766 4-23-08-72-15 INJURED? Law Office of Robert Dixon Call 352-870-0917 4-23-72-15 DATA RECOVERY by DATATRIANGLE HARD DRIVE CRASH? General Repair Professional, CCE Certified, and Reliable $35/Hour, Only $30 minimum charge http://ww.datatriangle.com 352-231-3300 5-13-33-15 LOSE WEIGHT LIKE CRAZY Burn Fat, Block Cravings, Boost Energy I lost 20 lbs. In 5 weeks! All natural! Super Easy! 30 Day Money Back Guarantee! FREE SAMPLES! Call 352-505-9244 for more info or visit www.nogginshealth.com. 4-1-10-15 PakMail:We ship anything, anywhere! We box, crate, or pallet for air,ground or ocean shipments. FedEx,UPS,ABFRoadway,DHL. We ship international. Call for estimate. Ph: 352-368-9779. PakMail343@aol.com 414-08-16-15 MUSICAL STUDIES Guitar, Piano, Bass, Compose, Drums, Sax, Flute. ANY style. My home/yours. Have played/very best! 'Call 262-4642 for more info. 4-7-08-10-15 MATH & PHYSICS TUTOR First hour free. 10 years of experience. Bilingual. Call Francisco at 352-494-8582 4-16-15-15 HORSE BOARDING 12 x 12 stall in cement block barn. Good grass turnout with room to run! Only 3 stalls available. 352-472-2627 for info & directions. 4-23-08-21-15 RECORD A HITAT TAYLOR MADE MUSIC Recording Studio. Bands, singers, rappers. 3 hour Intro Rock Block $100. Free set-up. Pro Tools HD. Live rooms, good ears. Ask for Glenn 374-9230 or 283-0630 4-9-08-10-15 UNDER SIEGE OF CLUTTER? Get help. 352-474-6151. www.pro-organizer.biz 4-23-20-15 GUITAR COACHING Are you ready to take your playing to the next level? I can help. FIRST SESSION FREE. Steve 352-363-0591 5-15-20-15 Health Srvices All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-23-72-16 CHOOSEE LIFE!10OO Adoption -confidential & compassionate adoption advice. Expenses paid if needed. www.AmericankidzAdoption.com FL LIc #1107-41 Toll Free 866-303-1573 4-2371-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks .Only $119! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199 4-23-72-16 ABORTION/ABORTION BY PILL (RU-486) Student Discount. Bread & Roses Women's Health Center www.breadroses.com 352-372-1664 4-23-72-16 RED EYE & DISCHARGE ? Research participants receive study related examination, investigational drug and payment. Call Dr. Levy NOW 331-4040 4-2372-16 First Care of Gainesville Urgent-Care / Walk-In Medical Clinic 4343 W. Newbery Rd, Ste #10, 373-2340 Students Welcome-No Appointment Needed Most Insurances Accepted. 4-23-72-16 a -Personals D ANONYMOUS HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) FLASHBACKS Buys and sells modern casual clothing. 509 NW 10th Ave. 375-3752. We pay cash. Open 10-6. We buy till 5. 4-23-72-18 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-23-72-18 Tennis -Squiash -Badminton -Racquetball -Table-Tennis Rackets. Lowest prices in the world. Yes, EZ Tennis will match ebay. Check us out. 372-2257 4-8-15-18 Free Overgrip with any stringing. Lots of selection -color -lowest prices. Tell & bing your girlfriends & boyfriends. Express stringing available at EZ Tennis 372-2257 4-8-15-18 Yes, EZ Tennis will gladly beat any lower price -yes including ebay. Bring their prices & get 10% off. Tell your friends. Tell us how to sell lower to U 372-2257. 4-8-15-18 Tennis Balls as low as $2 or any lower price U-find. Nylon strings free, Grip Free &-Y-Y-Y No more excuses. EZ Tennis want U to play tennis -period. 372-2257 4-8-15-18 Snt Notices Fitness Bootcamp 4 week camp limited availability For more information call (352) 262-0595 2-21-30-20 Flag Football Tournament 7 on 7 Sat, April 12 @ Citizens Park $40 registration fee $1000 fori ut place team 619-254-2950 or tstearns@bellsouth.net 4-4-5-2Q I Entertainment WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255 4-23-72-21 SHOTGUN SHOOTING SPORTS Open To Public Wed-Fri-Sat-Sun 1 PM to Dusk -Skeet-Trap-S Stand BunkerGun RentalShells352-372-1044 gatorskeetandtrap.com 4-23-72-21 Rocky Creek Paintball In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better Call 371-2092 8-13-08-79-21 Rides GMG TRANSPORT Cheapest fixed price in town to So. FL. Buy tickets on line, over the phone, in person. $35 One Way -$45 Rount Trip. Regular and Reverse Trips -One Price www.gmgtrans.com 352-215-8196 4-23-72-23 JAX & ORLANDO INT'LAIRPORTS and Beaches -4 daily trips. $40-$45 ONE WAY or $65-$75 RT RUNWAYS. Travel Better. www.rnwy.com 800-578-6929 4-23-0872-23 SIGNATURE SHUTTLE WEEKLY MIAMI BUS SERVICE UF -ORL, FTP, FT.L, WPB, POMP, MIA PH 219-8778. ORDER ONLINE AT: GOSIGNATURESHUTTLE.COM 4-23-6923 SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES Pets University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480 Furry, feathery, scaly .no, not your 4-23-72-18 roommate .pets. Find or advertise your pets Free Practice Ball with any purchase of $10 & more. EZ Tennis. Will gladly beat any lower price in the world. Tell your friends. Call 372-2257 4-8-15-18 Free Nylon String. Just pay labor. Lowest & fastest stringer in town. Check EZ Tennis for prices-selection -service. Mention this ad & get free grip. 372-2257 4-8-15-18 or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. Call 373-FIND. 

PAGE 21

Sports TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org Gators head to New York for semis 'I Casey Brooke Lawson / Alligator UF guard Walter Hodge scores against Mississippi State's Jarvis Varnado during the Gators' 68-59 home loss to the Bulldogs on March 1. UF FACES MASSACHUSETTS AT 7 P.M. By DANNY KLEIN Alligator Staff Writer dklein@alligator.org Maybe Walter Hodge dressed in the dark Friday morning. Or maybe, without even noticing, he found a way to send the strongest message of all. "Wish you were here." Printed on a 2006 NCAA Final Four shirt, the junior donned the top with the directive before Friday's practice, just four days before the Gators' National Invitation Tournament semifinal matchup. Hodge said the move was unintentional, but the irony was fitting nonetheless. "I've worn this a few times," Hodge said. "It's no big deal." Listening to the Gators speak Men's and watching them play lately, one might actually believe UF's Basketball eldest player. The team has bonded ever since it flaked out of the Southeastern Conference Tournament. It seems the disappointment of the crushing loss to Alabama coupled with UF coach Billy Donovan's decision to kick the team out of the practice facility has materialized a sense of humility and understanding in the young group. UF won the first two games of the NIT by an average of 26 points and beat No. 1 seed Arizona State by 13. "It was kind of embarrassing for our team, but we learned from it," freshman Nick Calathes said. "We finally started to listen." The Gators' transformation will be on display again Tuesday night at 7, when UF takes on Massachusetts in the semifinals of the NIT. The game is set to tip off in Madison Square Garden in New York and pits two longtime friends against each other in a unique battle. Massachusetts coach Travis Ford was a three-year player under UF coach Billy Donovan while Donovan was an assistant at Kentucky. The two developed a close relationship during their days in Lexington, where they squared off in heated one-on-one battles during the season. Ford was forced to sit his first seaSEE HOOPS, PAGE 23 UF FOOTBALL RB Moody adjusting to spread offense. By MIKE McCALL Alligator Staff Writer mmccall@alligator.org The buzz started as soon as Eimanuel Moody decided to transfer to UE After a promising freshman season at Southern Cal in which he gained 459 yards in nine games and eamed Pacific-10 Conference Offensive Freshman of the Year honors, Moody looked like an easy fix to the Gators' problems at running back. The position has struggled since the arrival of coach Urban Meyer's spread offense before the 2005 season, with quarterback TUn Tebow and receiver Percy Harvin leading the team in rushing last year. There were just two backs -Kestahn Moore Moody and Brandon James -among the top seven in yards on the ground. Moody hopes to change that, but before he can be a savior, he has to leam the offense. "It's a totally different language," said Moody, who has played in single-back and I-formations ever since Pee Wee football. "Everything is new -the steps, how far you are from the line and the whole offense." So far, Meyer hasn't been thrilled with Moody's progress, and the coach said Monday that Moody was fourth on the depth chart behind Moore, Chris Rainey and James, although he added that it only SEE FOOT, PAGE 23 UF squares off against FSU in Jax By EVAN DREXLER Alligator Staff Writer edrexler@alligator.org Until recently, Tony Davis has been the epitome of one-and-done. The sophomore southpaw regularly comes in to pitch to a single batter and then returns to the dugout, job well done. Against Miami in early March, Davis made three appearances in three games, each time facing the Hurricanes' lefty Yonder Alonso. Alonso popped out twice and walked on the third day "Being in big situations like that is definitely a lot of fun," Davis said. "I knew a lot about him coming in. I knew he was real good." Entering last weekend, Davis had seven innings pitched over 12 appearances -an average of 0.58 innings per appearance, the smallest on the roster. But now, with injuries riddling the pitching staff, Davis has seen playing time considerably longer than one batter and is one of the keys to the Gators' bullpen the rest of the season. "It's real hard for lefties to pick it Up." Tony Davis UF sophomore pitcher Against LSU on Sunday, Davis went 1 1/3 innings, allowing one hit but striking out three Tigers in relief of Tommy Toledo. On Marh 25 against Jacksonville, Davis threw a season-high 12/3 innings. And with a team-low, razor-thin 1.08 ERA, don't be surprised if Davis is called on in No. 19 UF's Tuesday-night contest against No. 6 Florida State at the Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville at 7. 1Davis' ann angle dropped in the offseason, and he credits that change with helping him pitch to lefties. "It's real hard for lefties to pick it up," Davis said. Instead of throwing overhand, Davis' arm comes much closer to a side-arm slant. Combine that with a delivery that starts out from behind lefties' backs, and the Gators have a pitcher they can count on to retire lefties. Neither his parents nor his two sisters are left-handed. SEE BASE, PAGE 23 Women's NCAA Tournament: (2) LSU 56 (1) North Carolina 50 MLB: Pittsburgh Atlanta 12 11 (12) WWomen's NCAA Tournament: Regional Finals ESPN, 7 p.m. -11 p.m. E Men's NIT: (2) Mississippi vs. (1) Ohio State ESPN2, 9 p.m. F Former Gators running back Terry Jackson was hired Monday as director of player and community relations. Jackson was a member of the 1996 National Championship team before his sevenyear career in the NFL. l The No. 3 Gators will host a regional for the NCAA Championships on April 12 and compete against No. 9 UCLA, No. 15 Nebraska, No. 21 N.C. State, No. 25 West Virginia and No. 34 North Carolina. The top two will advan5p. A 

PAGE 22

22, ALLIGATOR E TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 Rare heel injury leaves Harvin's status uncertain 0 THE RECEIVER MAY NEED SURGERY. By EVAN DREXLER Alligator Staff Writer edrexler@alligator.org After a weekend of waiting for word on UF wide receiver Percy Harvin's injury, coach Urban Meyer said Monday that the team has yet to commit to surgery for Harvin. Meyer was part of a conference call over thcvWeekend with doctors, and they determined performing surgery is still a possibility. "Not too many guys have ever had this," Meyer said. "The MRI showed that it's a significant injury. We just want to make sure we do it right." The decision has been delayed because of the rarity of Harvin's injury. "When I hear a doctor say, 'Well, we've never really dealt with this,' they're making a lot of calls to see if anybody else in the country is dealing with this," Meyer said. Harvin's injury was caused by overuse, Meyer said, and spread from his heel to his knee. "He's in pain," Meyer said. "He's trying to compensate for his heel and now he's starting to have knee and hip issues. He's had this for a couple years. He actually had this injury, he noticed it in high school and it came to a head last summer. We thought it was tendinitis." Harvin was the Gators' leading receiver last season, catching 59 passes for 858 yards and four touchdowns. He was also UF's second-leading rusher behind quarterback Tim Tebow, carrying the ball 83 times for 764 yards and six touchdowns. He missed two games last season while hospitalized with migraines. CAL RB EYES UF: California's James Montgomery, the Golden Bears' No. 1 tailback at the start of spring practice, made a trip to Gainesville last week in hopes of transferring to UP. "If Florida offers him (a scholarship), this is where he's going," friend and UF wide receiver Carl Moore said following practice Saturday afternoon. Montgomery and Moore grew up in the Sacramento area Football and played together at Rancho Cordova High. Montgomery could not be reached for comment. The Gators did not offer Montgomery a scholarship before he flew back to Sacramento on Sunday, Montgomery's father, James Sr., said. Moore said UF wants Montgomery to come back for a second visit, but the running back already has plans to go to Washington State this weekend. UF,WashingtonState andSouthCarolina top Montgomery's list ofpotential transfer schools. As a redshirt freshman last season, Montgomery backed up departing senior Justin Forsett, playing in 13 games and rushing for 171 yards and two touchdowns on 36 carries. -NICK ZACCARDI Percy Harvin runs against Tennessee on Sept. 15. Since his arrival in Gainesville, he has been a top playmaker but has been hampered by injuries. GOURMET BURRITO (NOT AN OXYMORON) S Ckp Rtk EXAN GRILL % 

PAGE 23

TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 23 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" I Conference leaders look forward to neutral-site matchup UMass 7-footer has ties to UF HOOPS, from page 21 son after transferring, so Donovan would keep him fresh by challenging him after practice. "He and I developed a very close relationship," Donovan said. "I think my bond with him is maybe a little different." Massachusetts is coming off a shocking win against Syracuse, where the Minutemen battled back from a 22-point deficit to take the road game. Massachusetts is an impressive 24-10 on the season and is led by guard Gary Forbes, who averages 19.5 points per game. On the roster as well is 7-foot-1 Luke Bonner, the brother of former UF player Matt Bonner. Bonner should pose a tough challenge for the Gators' front line, led by a surging Marreese Speights. He appears lost giddy at the idea of heading to New York and the chance to play in Madison Square Garden. "That's a dream place," Speights said. "It's been in pg movies and everything." Speights has no intention of letting his teammates spoil his image of the place dubbed "The World's Most Famous Arena." Guard Jai Lucas told him it was dirty, but Speights said he has to see for himself. "They said the arena and the whole city is dirty," Speights said. "I don't believe them." New York native Jonathan Mitchell shares Speights' sentiments. Mitchell played in the Garden twice in high school, where he is 2-0. "I told themit's nothing like anything they've seen before," Mitchell said. "They're going to be shell-shocked." Mitchell said he has taken on the role of tour guide and plans to show his teammates around if the squad has any down time. Among the must-see spots are Times Square and the NBA Store. "Some of these guys are tourists," he said. Included in Mitchell's tour will be a stop at any New York pizza place, where he can enlighten his teammates. "These guys think the pizza out here's pretty good," he said. "I just need to show them some real pizza." BASE, from page 21 Though he was a starting pitcher at North Broward Prep, Davis has no problems staying with a middle-relief role. "It wasn't a tough transition," Davis said. "Pitching is pitching. You come in, throw strikes, get people out. You're still trying to do the same thing." If Davis takes the mound Tuesday in a tough situation -bases loaded, no outs for example -he won't mind at all. "It's a good pressure," Davis said. "If I sat here and told you it wasn't exciting and my heart wasn't pumping, I shouldn't be out there in the first place." Both the Gators (20-6, 7-2 Southeastern Conference) and the Seminoles (23-3, Baseball 11-1 Atlantic Coast Conference) are on top of their conferences and will play once more this season, in Tallahassee on April 15. Last season's UF-FSU game in Jacksonville set a Florida college baseball record with 12,280 fans in the park. UF will start Stephen Locke (2-0, 4.07 ERA) againstFSU's Ryan Strauss (2-0, 6.93). Locke earned the 6-1 win over Florida State on March 18. It will be UF coach Kevin O'Sullivan's first time at the Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville. "I haven't been in that stadium, but I heard last year there was a great crowd there," O'Sulllvan said. "It will be great atmosphere for everybody." The Gators will likely be without freshman Josh Adams, who fouled a ball off his left ankle on Sunday and is dayto-day. Expectations high despite lack of experience in offense FOOT, from page 21 takes one good or bad practice to shake up that list. "He's very talented, but it's too early to say what his role will be," Meyer said. "He has a long way to go, but his attitude is tremendous. As far as leaming, he's a little behind. I didn't think he would be that far behind because he was here all fall. It seems like everything is new, and it shouldn't be that way He is very talented, though." He may be struggling a bit with blocking schemes and consistency, but his strength is still there -making people miss. "His moves are so quick," UF linebacker Brandon Spikes said. "If you aren't a really sound football player, he's probably going to get you with his moves. He's just really good at making guys miss one-on-one, and that's the whole thing for a running back. "He's dangerous. If he gets in the open field, he can pop one. You aren't going to catch him from behind." His shiftiness -displayed in dazzling high school and college highlight tapes -captured the attention of Gators fans and coaches and left them hoping he can be UF's first 1,000-yard back since Ciatrick Fason in 2004. The expectations are high, especially for someone who hasn't played a game or even earned a starting spot. "I can only control what I do, so I'll do the best I can with my ability," Moody said. "I'll take the opportunity that the coaches give me and make the most of it, and if it's not what everyone expected. I'm sorry" Harrison Diamond / Alligator Staff UF running back Emmanuel Moody takes a handoff from quarterback Cameron Newton during the Gators' spring practice Monday afternoon. 111W-1 1 1 

PAGE 24

24, ALLIGATOR U TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2008 "Copyrighted jMaterial bSyndicated Contenti Available from Commercial News Providers" % WAI 
