
PAGE 1

Florida ItO$mhyd by Campus Comvnuncoton. In~ Cc ma.nII. Alligator PInfldo NW ofl.c .It~ o.ecgwd wiWt lb. UPIY.IN ol FIondo THIJRSDAW MAY 29, 1975 VOL. 67, NO.144 rest' let .ft the hoob as b passes in Florida House 3, DM3311 JUST At.lana The Florida House of ~zZ doctors who practice acupuncture. but 1st UP acupsa Sn cc .s.enken off the hook. Under a bill passed by the horn. doctors would only he allowed to vie acupuncture treatment In those whet they hold a medial lbs A nnmn CAN only use the tedmique when working -tush, a ,eterlnauian aghaSt end "a podiatrist cm't go abow the knee." acceding to the bill's spomor R Arthur Rude, 3-Fort bud U S a The Nil abs dads that dotter be certified to practice acupuacture by sa*bffl* corn plot lag 430 hosts of count study -the technique. A 12*m.mber beard crusted by the bIB would set peas or fail standart for the course Rude suM. Fortunately for UP acupuncturists. am asiendmeat attacked to the bUl by Rep. Richard Hods, D Tampa, exenipt. doctors who an conducting acupancture imeareb from the restriction. "THEY'RE DOING SOUR good work down there (in Oalnesvilh)and I hate to hold than up." Node said is pnpcsbg the amendment. The ,. -week" take place in the aae.theslology depmnmcntofUVsCdlegeof Medicine, where fin doctors are studying the use of acupuncture to relieve their Set up two years ago under anabulology chairman Dr. Jerome Modell, the acupuncture ranch study handles eve 30 patIents a yew. on nunn ~ of two 'separate and unMated" india Modell said. One focuses on using Dorm acupunctufe to treat patients who .rc plagued with dironk loq-term pain-such as arthritis low back pain. The other study underway is iuvatlgstkg "acupuncture hypalgesla" ma substitute hr anesthesIa drup. carpets D STUART EMJSEECH Atub. S.C wa A band of male UFitudeats. who claim they cc the victims of men. dhcrimlnation. afighting to keep dormitory carpets which housing officials say are "in bad shape." The students say they will take their fight to UF President Rebut 0. Mason today, protesting the removal of the desultory carpets and replacing than with vinyl tile. TEE CARPETS ARE 33136 reamed only from men's dorms. Eso Dattalo. I UC said the -b*re Marion we the last apom a hug. ads binS., trip before bug and admlatatim. Sit With anesthesia, the patient falls completely asleep. Model explained. while hypalgesia mean. the patient's tolerance for pain in cre a se S NOT EVEN TUE China, who originated the lechuiqa. know exactly how acupuncture works, he added, but the technique "might decrease" the patient's awamm of the pain. (See Wades, a eve) controversy 11w only encouragement the ndeats received. Detalo said, was from the UP Committee on the Status of Women, which agreed the removal of the carpets might be discriminatory toward males. GLENNA CS, of the status of women committee, said Wednesday Dhttaflo should tell Mason the student. had the "full support" of the committee. Fred King. assistant housing director. defended the carpet removal on pounds that they were almost coonpletely wow out and ruined by cigarette bass and water damage. It's carpeting I would not wet to han in my house or apedmet," he said. KilO EXPL4JNED the only dnkedes that Were (See 'Cwpez' page tAveti Watch out! Tunnel cohifluctiofi wIN cut off twa lone, S Archw Reed taut foe another live. mend. When cornpI.ted, the tunnel wIN connect the Veteran. Admlnlutmallut Noepliel maid the J. MIllie Mills' Memlit Cents' pmvldlng aft dry pmaqe he -and an. I The Independent L V 4 spark 

PAGE 2

P.g. 2, lb. Ind~~dM ReM. MII,., Thursday May 291975 House okays tighter financial disclosure law JALLAHASSEE LJPI) -1kw House approved Go, Reubin Askew~ top-priority legislative item Wednesday. voting 79-27 to tighten up last years financial disclosure law hut not going as far as Askew would like. The bill, which would require disclosure of all income sources accounting for more than SI .~ annually. now heads to the Senate. It.s expected to t~ce rough opposition there, with Senate President Dempsey J. Barren. D-Panama City, and other north Florid, conservatives fighting it. House Standards and Conduct Chairman Toni McPherson, 0-Hollywood, a sponsor of the bill, denied that lawmakers stripped key portions of the bill Tuesday by elimiuatwg provisions which would have required officials to file statements of personal net worth and copies of income tax ret urns. This bill is much stronger than the one signed intel. last year by the governor? said McPherson. "For the layman, the bill will help restore public confidence hi office hold., and elected officials. DAR ES SALAAM. TANZANIA (UP!) -Tanzania shrugged off all responsibility Wednesday for winning the release of two Amernat, students and a Dutch girl held hostage by Marxist guerrillas in a jungle village in Zaire. The U.S. Ambassador expressed concern over the decision. The diplomatic controversy, brewing for several days, broke into the open when the government newspaper. The Daily News, said Tanzania categorically rejects any responsibility tbr their release, or Ibr whatever happens to them.' U.S. Ambassador W. Beverly Caner met with Tanzanian officials to try to resolve their differences and push the search for the hostages. 21-year-old Carrie Jane Hunter of Atlierton, Calif. 22-year-old Kenneth Smith of Garden Grove. Calif., Ex-student shoo BRAMPTON, OWE. (UP!) -A young maz~ as-med with two rifles walked into a local high school near the noon recess Wednesday and began shooting at students and teachers in classrooms. Police said two persons were killed and 13 wounded before thegunman killed himself with oneof his weapons. The dead included a woman an teacher and one student. tdaiiBModSEMbS(21 rrcg-cflv: 34rrpg-tfliwa4 McPhcr~on ~aad the intent ot the bill HR 6S0) is to prevent conflicts of interest~ between a governmental officials private business icalings and his public duties. Aske has threatened bo organize a statewide referendum on financial disclosure this year if the legislature fails to act on the proposal. Ask., who makes has own iilCOhilC razes Mid net worth public, and requires his top assistants to file theirs with his. said on the opening day of th., 1975 session that his resounding re-election last year was a mandate for full disclosure by public officials. While the present law requires officials to list sources of incomewhwh amonetto loperceut of their ye.rtyworth. the House passed bill requires disclosure of Income source in excess of sa.am. MCftatSO.I said the House bill expands disclosure to real estate holdings, debts and stock interests, He said that I 2.~ more state and public employes would be required to file under the bill, inciSing aides to legislative and cabinet officials. and Emilie Bergman. a Dutch national. 'I am concerned" with T.nnni&s attitude, Caner said later. The hostages and a fourth -an American girl -freed Sunday were kidnapped 10 days ago from a wildlife research station is northwestern Tanzania by 40 guerrIllas of the leftwinj Popular Revolutionary PartyUS, officials earlier Wednesday criticized the Tanzanian government for being "too hasty in publicly rejecting guerrilla demands, which included a S5O0.~)O ransom. nearly 6111 weapons and the release of Zaire radical leaden from Tanzanian jails. 15, then self A daughter oiOntario Premier William Davis, a student at the school, escaped unharmed. "The gunman ram along a hallway opening classroom doors and shooting at everything in sight.' a student said"Panic erupted throughout the whole place. The gunman was tentatively identified as Mike Slobodian. about 22, a Tinier student at the school. Peer Stoan has developed a line of handiom. and highly functional foul wmihm pr mails that are re pecfld weld wide for their J~, unique comblnailo.' of Ilghlvwa and tough0' -a-i a a a ---~aA .--. -t asS1 U in5 SW W I 1L Er' 'i/'-. SOS WUtUIflUhYaUu. fly AJgUbfleUinjyC.? UIUUY7 373~g3~ thursday capsule Postage gyps mailers postal judge reports WASHINGTON IUPI) -The Postal Rate Commission's Chid um'mistrative Law Judge, saying the individual ma~ userispaysngmonthanhhfaifhflefor service, Wedn~d,~ urged a reduction in flit-class rates and substantial in~a~ in most other categories. In recommendations to the commission, Seymour Wenna said the fire-dais stamp should be reduced from tO cents to 8'!. and the post cu~ from S cents to 5. He also recommended that the airmail post card be reduced from It cents to 10. but that asr mail be increase Ironi 13 cents an ounce to IS. the third-class bulk mailing rate be booted by 7 per cent, and parcel post increased by 67 per cent, along with lesser increases foroth.rclassesof mail "The Postal Service has become a tax-collecting agency, Wenner said. "Collecting money from first class mailers to distribute to other favored classes." Free calling whistler wants job not trouble DENVER IUPI) -The Whistler has arrived in Denver. but he wants to assure officials at Mountain Bell that he is only looking for a job -not troubleThe Whinier is Josef C. Engresma Jr. 26, a former Florida resident who discovered his whistlimig abilities could trip telephone cir',ults that bypass the operators and computers who are looking hr someone to bill. Engresuia, who Is blind, said he has gone straight now and pays forallofbislouigdistmncecails. Rut he admits to having placed thousands of dollars worth of them with his unusual skill. Engressia who grew up in Miami said he first discovered he could whistle up a call when he was seven. He begs. developing his abilities and by the time he entered the University of South florida In Tampa, there was little he couMdt do. I--I I I I I ANY SLICE ANDASEIR ith coupe.' Good I I Jun.1 1 I I I ----------------a ---------e -~ ---------I I I PITCHER OF DUD ~ I with purchase @4 any I whole pie and thl.coupcn. Good Anytma ornininin mNu I mu. S a --------~ o *ui1I(~I*fi ml Cnhu, C.'.~IAI~fl Iflcwp~ C tines. I, S --~ -~ hC&din~ -.setee 0.,. 'U 'iw hM. i. -;~*4*. flm d -~S4~ ate a40 -t .4 -un.v.~ .41td -tt ,nd by ~. PieSm A4i.gsc, Ad*.e .n.e The k F 1 OineaM. '-a --Ihji~~5 -Ia~ c~ w05 -~.ge, N.' *i~. ~i a i. SUS -MS -~'r UJk ~ -pt-a frWu~t -~ fgI hf ttS .4,4,. thveiv of Piot.& -i~.na. ".eo A1i40 'neSs -r*, .r.u40, ME ,.t.phicoi tap, of oil Od vefltmiW' .vhw Off I owy i II n.t~y~ ~i.i AHig' .dll -'nsdb. ~flt*fVt Ot ~yEw~E is. *fly dv.19hMfl*flI' -f-rn ~ .~i.e ~jc* .e. ii v a. -'-'so C : --~ *0' ---i.ti ~. 01 eq a.,~ --S -j Tanzania gives up on students 

PAGE 3

S Fri-Sat. unday 9-9 r 12r I MEG SPARK PLUGS Most Models 694 0-S WOO L CHAIN LUll 9 Preston petty Custom Fender .L.aaLaLI. U ~ ~6.5D 994 (15 oz.) HangTen TeeShirts $3*,99 Castrol ~OIL (Quurt) 8 4 hi Helmt KZ.4005 $995* 1%. Ind.p.et.q$ N.M. MIja. ltwtS.y. U.1 29, IWO. P.,.) Carpet from page one having the carpeting removed were men because we have tound male residents are a little more destructive and do nor have the care and concervi necessary br the carpets ,n the corridors. King said replacing the carpet with tile was part of a two-year maintenance program to replace poor carpeting once it reached the point of ruination. He said the changes have already taken place in Simpsoti and rrusler Halls and other floors in South Hall. "TIlE omGINAL PLAN to enhance living conditions by putting down carpets is a good one, but it has proved to be a bad experience King said. King said the tile would be installed some tnt this summer when the donnitories were not iii Use. While King acknowledged he understood why the students would want to keep the carpets. he said the problems the housing department has had in carpet upkeep was not worth the expense. "I AM SORRY WE have to antagonize this group, but you have to look at this thing objectively, he said. Dattalo said removing the carpets is one of a long list of complaints the floor residents have had this year. He claimed there is no kitchen on the floor and a promised Stove *.S hCvtt installed. DAnALO AlSO COMPLAINZD there was no lounge and the pool table in the hail was repaired after being broken ~r almost two quarters then moved to Weaver Hall. Tom Moat. South 11.11 housing assistant, defended some of the housing office decisions. He said the lounge area in South Hall had to be used for storage and office space and the pool table was moved to a rwntion morn for the entire dormitory area. DAflAW ADDED, BOWIVIR, he and the other residents on flint floor South are really just fighting for their carpets now. "We are not asking for new carpets. We understand the money problems -we just want to keep the old ones," he sand. Dattalo said IS of the 18 persons on the floor are planning to return to tleirdormitory rooms in the fall. UP Public Information Officer Hugh Cunningham said he expected Manton would not take any action today but would moat likely delegate it to one of the vice presidents after hearing the uludnts complaints. @1 Its@fl *Uin.factun, s sguustgd hit mace .'clud.q Waghi dealer mep hue stale and WcaI nfl A Nice ,tpcl IC eh~np wIta See Lied tames anchide rag sully We iecommefd U .wqaheMwtMmproIftI.~ hapsig 1gm or, and chnh.nghocI a., heto. ~Ou rid. S 600 N.E. S 23rd Ave. ifyou liketobeapartofthemovinggeneration-you have to try the Hoble Way of Life. it's action and enjoyment, freedom and exhilaration. it's the companionship of thousands of others with the genie things in common. irs more than 500 regattas a year and everyone qualifies from first time sailor to expert. Join the moving generation of Hobie Cat owners. You'll find it' saw~ot~fe. See them at yaw dflr now. The 'Sal -FkiweaM Wu the -drn. 373-3596 32O2.N.MAIN 3774A3L 

PAGE 4

4Th. h.dwIs~.d.e'A.M. SISMW. ltwS.y, a, a,. ifls Dy DEBSIN ERIcKSON A~er ShE Wilt. EDITOrS NOTE. This hike bids ifr.e-p.n sedes UP shiest Geesummt ad b ~edea Modeled after the United Stats government. Studaut Government (SO) u divided into three brandies: executive. legislative and judicial. The executive branch of SO consists of the student body president, vice president end treasure. EIZCIU EVERY WRING quarter, the members of the SO executive brand preuidast for four quarters. During that time manbus of the executive branch must be enrolled as full-time students, maintain an overall grade point avenge of 2.0. have succestdly completed three quarters at UF and not be on conduct probation. SO Vice President Dan (aback withdrew, from UF and was allowed to ran ala m office behuse he received a reglstratic. waiver from Dean of Student Affairs Thomas Goodale. UP student regulatIons state all student body offices mud be registered as MI-time students, but this regulation can be waived by the dean for student affairs. aECEVING A SALARY of 52.fl) .year. the president Is responsible hr the execution of the admit body coastitutlca. Onof th. main powers of the president is to appoint UP studats to SO committees. May of these appolatmats are made without the approval of either of the other branches of SO. The president appoints two of the six student members of the SO Section commission. The elation commission, an indepeedast agency of SO, ovu the conduct, canvassing and cutlficatlon of all SO Sections. Bathe commission members gays ama -year terms. TWO IHJDfET Mf5S of the police Ilason -* mine. are appointed by the president This amittee acts a mediation beard bees, Oh. UPS). UP students and Oainin,,llie residents. ibm two students save one-pear tern. and cannot be affiliated with SO. In addkkme to inning -a soa-ntleg member of the University Senate, S. puideat ha the poetic appoint -delepte.t4arge and -non.othg Steal. delegate to the University Sn. UP faculty -the only voting mates of die emata A~oinflent of three student mbss t. at. student sad laity lmraam baud k also the raponulbilty of the student body rudint. iform like federal THE INSURANCE BOARD is responsible fir the supervision. organization and management of the studeitt accident and health insurance programs. Reviewing rates, coverage, and specifications of the propane and making recommendatloas to the senate fur adoption of a specific program arc also functions .1 the beard. With the cases of the Student Senate. the president appoints and directs the 23 cabIns mesh., who arc rnpoeslble only to the president. (aback has been Intuwlevviug ASS applicant' for cabins positions during the past quite. This was one of the rn-es he cited f.i withdrawing from UP. ONE OF iSSBVWActIvity end Service Pee Committee (ASFAC) meshes -appointed by the president. ASPAC makes reawumadadom to die Student Senate for the allocatIon oldie 52.5 nub, student activity and service fees. The Honor Court chancellor, with the peeldes, appoints the three student nianbers of the Board of Mainten (DOS). The DOS coaSts of the Honor Cown chancellor, vice chancellor and three law students. Although UP President Robeet Q. Masts. makes the fled decision on studait manberdulp In all presIdentIal and wolveity committees. nomination St these committees Is made by the tudeat body presiduat with approval @1 the senate. All wolvailty ad pres Ida mild committee man hers save two-year terms. There axe 37 universIty committees FUNCflON of the president Is to serve as Smalepsuon of the SO autlve smashes Other ass bus of die ernest,, comaslites m time indent body vice -a, ma -ma tea and the ace-voting executive seauary Maumbas of die executive committee make up the pertoned policy board. This board l~ responsible for hiring penuanent SO an. Minew auplopuent position designated by the pusonnel policy board mud receive final appwnl of die senate. SO Programs. which provide eatutslamment what admission Is charged. ato both gowned by the praldait said mend,, committee. ma aim wnvz warns s sin die chairperson of Accent and SO Entutahmmect (SOB). SGE is rupensiMe far overseeing activities of SO Programs and SO Pmdvsi~. The student body president also has the pow to veto say lan pad by the senate, but the senate can override his veto by a tuo4Uuis vot Student Body Presides Jun Eats. said the student body amaSS doe mat edes a .rthe peidam Sal dab. EATON SAID IS main -elIte president Is "to loot us hr codes uI~mb and -Sat aft tudess hnulwdin informS 41. ada idated waist government it is aiso my responsibility to see that all elements of Sc jiach as SC Programs and Accent are doing their jobs and to make sure studeills are getting their moneys worth." he Mid. Rcprsselititig the UF students to the adminIstration and the date of florida Is also the responsibilIty of the pres.des, Eaton stid. THE via 1OUC5fl=47 aS5iliflS5 the IlORtit Of the presided Sues due president I. absent trom office and mist. him in the conduct of the go9flMSt. Lobcck said his main job will be directing the cabins. Each of2Sc.ablnd pots have subcahind position, he said. Lnbeck said due cabins has two main flmctlos it 'eve, as an invetlgatlve body to rueceth proposals hr reBum In all aspect. uf UP and parbusus moles audi a the book cxdiane ad mesamer guide, the Its edition of which was published this apisJ~ ~ *fl~ twin, ~ may be removed 6i office by 5dm the ,r#iuat or a two-thirds vats of the senate. (aback said he will .1= be Ut Sup .1' wordlnatrn~ BUIYSIIIY COSUIUW man berm. "Thusycaret university committee student mater will .isour.easanez.offlcmoractivedfrntwofthe appropriate cabinet division." Lobeck said. flUES WIlL BUW to present awaited front for [IF students," he explained. The admit body vice president is -$1,200 St four quarters. The UWUZW Ii reipaustis tOt keeping complete and acute aacasts Mall tujent body hadi on deposit with the LIP cashier and to ensure that all SO money allocated by the senate is spait according to the OF studaut body constitutios ALL ENQUESlI DY oqanlrutlons to 'paid funds allocated them by SO must be approved by the treasurer, Caleb Grime. BeArs due bqlnulq elect fiscal year, the treats must prepare a Imitative budS ad pint S to die SO budget sad finance awaits. The ambee Sm makes the Sinai budget recommedglems to Ohs S. Attendance at Indent SuitS meedap Is required -that lie cam sass wet dud wt my Bud pet b. Orb, said. RUN ThEASNa who receives 82,S aquawMake. member of ASPAC and the health and ~mna committee mud svpuwlaes d SO cater mite emploja he maid. The UP budget committee reel,,. funds ha. Taliahases med Sheet, the. Sods for UP edwesImal pupas The rn is a member of this mashes Evay peer die nrer inab. a bedal ma. mat. The mmiii is designed to pile aft 30-funded urpakatloes esplaldag evapSing Sq mud S km. rq ~=g pocedun hums and pa iu. far -SO ta College deans to meet, talk budget Dy StUART 3fl A8CWS. With thaI approval oldie State Usivaity Spa (SUS) butgi ezgbd hate Isgidare later SI. at. -now completing their -of he to -their dales The allege deem --iNs week with Retest bye. UP vies president hr acadedc aihiss. to discuss their budgets and -any needs. so van of S. deans say they axpetto hold .qema to this yeuts hS and don't have any headSets plea to likens, becky m pn~ herwmne equips. Bryan said bob telling the dews what obey CS mmvS mflto have uS the budget tweedS by 0ev. AS. -ant Sm -ite, what they would to Vt Any laws.,. "We -Shg them Sb is h. maim mousy Sep mhg S pt ad Sm S Sm. to urn It," bps said. Hit to -lbs mousy in of the boles (1. testy bybq~uekawbyuag it I. Other mass Suviws? "We uejato bin whet me pisSi. km." he S dii. Uyan explained the kudos disesulom "so emuteuw .r ~. se bsds Scales hue a yet tern fafli. but said sane ilmuemle. of "pOUtS" had to ute pOrn mvam maw is -an ti~mt now -the -ascii of the uSages operated .ith this pat jeer, with -ha behg pumhe& But with the Home and Senate cosfereme committee working sow on a budget that gIves the stats syutau -approxhuate 515 miNim iacrea some Imitative -clue. to -any added funds are being brosadmt up. Alms all the college deans to diet with byes Wednesday. the first flail day of budget haSp, said they would use any inacasud funds to add -faculty, mainly to replace the faculty that either retired or Mt this past year. JOHN PAUL JONES, dean of the C.lI.0 of Joinalism and Cmamuulcatlom, said 5gm Wean "not wacesy hr limes." ha added he would try to say uddlaIgmi alleShum to hews. the Sadie, a Se uSag. "Our St pSuty is to cut down on cia. pg u~ mt km lecture mu. in -Jean malL 50555 eqS S.d the -~ fleet was ,lamakg --tSlag Oh. -amber Maureen otiS km fob with tern freely end -Sin "WE Afl CUffING hack any." he said. EAgIneerlag College Dean Wayne am. said 1dm cellop vs ala faced with the pieties of laid, lag mm dude wIth Is. laSer Sm lard. hI he aided Ails macor. blues putS. hav~~ rinininad applies. S very uSed, we have a lot .1 'qoipass Sat .d. sq.Jn. I have pa Ia sepsiS pbs (as t~m) to pay Stabs S ow dabs." an said. Law OMega Deem leseph iulln said III. college was macmed with trying to --c hind of salary ha,.,. If additlosal Banding becomes aniliNe. The legIslature and Ow. Ruth. Askew have prohibited any vales hr Ste eploy next year, but Julio said he -"UiCOdS~d that university system officials were pushing for salary vales If eta ream tiaras out to be higIte than expected. jUl34 SAID saw -slplftcmnt decreen humuim teSty paitlouM it the law fleeS net pa He said Ms a .tjs*. was to "~q the pins of lag ~ put~utyanWJI" -dales -Ins peer hr -"pa MSe.e aiSm the hem a the ha -the -Sashes iNs p5t. lab said he urn heggalk a~s be~de~ by the ashram amaSs. The budget heedap hr the cOIN will cahus it. ret of th, west. ma aid aISeSu~augwMSS. will c: ~ am UP beidat 4 g of Jun iu~ mu~ -Mamma 

PAGE 5

Our style 0 ut begin long before The sol You'll find out that every styb'cut at The Mad Mackr begins with communIcation. We'll rap with you about what you want what good what's possible, and so on. irs not the type ~place Whore you sit down and take what you can get. You can have gnat hair If you're smart enough to take It seriously. We are! SpeclaillIng In precision blended custom shaping, we'll do you a mast enchanting style. / E ss lb. im4.p.nd.0 RSd. WIgS.~, 1%v.Sey. M.y 19. 1175, Ng. S 7 S orsd 0 And two look alike. anybody we've done. They they want (and they love w get). You can do it Ifl the evening call and make an appointment any night. So even If your hair looks come by and rap about what It at The Mad Hacker, 1507 I Street, or call 3774C4. Something will happen! lust ask -what hat they too. Just for most I alright, could be 4.W. 6th Fewer people dying on roads Fete people han di.d on the road so far this year compared to Ian rat became of the 55-mlle*an-hour speed limit and motorist cooperation, according to Florida Highway Patrol officials. According to Highway Patrol statistics. 819 pawns were killed in Plodda during the first half of this year, compared with 905 deaths for the same period in 1974. The statistics show 8O.ftX) mote arrests in F I ovid. for speeding this year ihan last year. In Alachua County. II people have been killed in cc accidents this year. Oppoad to last year. the death rate scans to be the same for this year." said Sgt. San, Graham of the Alachua County Sheriffs Department. Police officials estimate the number of deaths will react, 30 by the end of 1975. Parking lot considered by senate P.oblms of parking campus -the top Macs at today University Senate meeting. The senate will comalda a resolution approved by the Parking and Tmns~tatlce Comm lace to cretIt more ~ing spas -campus. with top pwiotltl gina to admlnistraten and faculty. The r.commdeadatlcms by the oommttn eke include giving special parking privdegm to car pock A walking campus during the daytime was msed hr taOs -by 'the UP DiMes of finning ad Audit UP PrimIdea bbs 0. Merits suggested the I poesibilty of a 'walking I. pm S the lbs ama musing Sb puts. .Me I -the -S mba. Sedy AM. -Sq's sped. a. nit "'rue. as. Tn And" pem ad using hr aSs -Inpp ---as. ~ as a wan a.-. fl -SAn ~.i. pram --.- 

PAGE 6

N ~. Th* lnt~.e~n~ M.vld. Mugs., Itiwnicy MV 29, 1975 90 VQ1~3 f~z? If, 1 / 3 off! Sportswear se 3.99.4.99 RqMafly6~S~ This summer is gonna rnrh.1R.at the pirates be another heat in cool St~ffiS a' cao6eddow., prices Halters, tanks, pnntd or solid T shifls ir, sizes SM I Good look ing cuffed shorts in a wid. color range to match all the tons, siloS 5 13 Va'.na iitninr ~nittt*OaV .-. --E~t'c~~ %X~ I. I / 'It' 'I, Ni L IL Special purchase! California paritsets 20.99 From Susan Richards of California the cotton big too tucked in stripes or print over nifty drawstring natural pants Halter top ensemble blends print *ith solid for a summer loo4~ you can I beat Both sizes 5 13 Junior Dresses Li 'I 3-1 / 2 off! Famous*maker shorts and pants 399.799 Regularly 6 ~ 1600 Save on bottoms for all your tops range of favorite fabrics All east car Junior Soofls*ea' shorts and pants in a wide color o and long wearing sins 5 I] OR IDA SHOP MONDAY THROUGH SATURDAY OTIL K Sr >4 9:30; >4 SUN DAYS 2111 530 N C K 1 / 

PAGE 7

THE INDEPENDENT FLORIDA ALLIGATOR NEEDS Th. Ind.p.nd.nt F)o$do AJIigao,. Thundoy. May 29. 3975, P~7 Needlesoni') EDITORS NOWAND FORSUMMER QUARTER CALL 3764451 a w we a a a -a 'a BIG SAVINGS NOW TILL MAY 30' No Rbcusondble Offers Refused on Demos or Systems S0NY377 TEAC 360S Reel to Reel Cassette Tape Deck Retail $400 Deck demo NOW $33 STR SIGMA DEMO NOW $5 BSR TD8 QW DEMO Quad S track player NOW $6 S 1802 W. UNIVERSITY AVENUE 377-HI Fl L It may be hat the needling telling that accompanies acupuncture. or the response to electrical stimulation produces enough sensation that the patient is distracted from the surgical incision, Modell said. Last summer. Model toured the People's Republic of China with II other American doctors and scientists specifically to observe the Chinese use of acupuncture as a surgical anesthetic. IN coNDUcnNG THE research study. UP anesthesiologlsts use disposable hypodermic acedia (the kind used for giving shots) with e)cduical atimulaton, brought from Chins by Model!, to send electrical impulses into the needles. Model said the needles an ingested into different lecatlas of the patient's body, and the vintage and frequency of the electrIcal Impulses are veiled according to the moms of pt~ that maca be blocked ct Th. study evaluates the acupuncture method by gaugiq the effcctiveueus of pain relief for the patient, Model explained. "WUEN A PATIENT is under drugs which obliterate sensatloc of -, or render him mnwnscious, he cannot tell the surgeon when he tel. excessive tensioqi on tissues. But t.~ he ii awake wider acupundure anathS., he can tell the surgeon if he frels excessive heaviness, tract ion or pain." he said. UF's study focuses only on a critical study to detennine very subjectively if acupuncture helps people I. pam." Model! added. It doe not ann to discover ho. acupuncture works. Persons who undergo acupuncture treatment at Shads Teaching Hoeptal come from all over the date, mostly refund by pa.onal physicians, according to Model. Most patients have suffued from some chronic pain jor some tine~ and come to the health center seeking acupuncture as a method of relief. EACH PATIENT USUALLY receives four treatments taken on four consecutive days. The treatments last about half an hour. Acupuncture hypaigesia is used as a substitute for anesthesia only in surgical operations where the doctor anticipates -complications. Modell emphasized. Also, the technique Is limited to use patients who could be transferred to a local anesthetic if necessary. Even the Chinese use acupuncture only wi "good risk~ piteats, he added. "TUZY (the Chimes. doctors) made It dear to a that acupuncture anesthesIa is ezpulmentei and therEat, I. as performed -an patItSW~dtypis@f 9. suruelv. Mcdiii aid. COPY NOW $3 EPI 180 Speakers demo NOW $33 pr 

PAGE 8

Puff 5Th. iw.d.p.dm0N.fld MWgar, Thuad.y M.y H. IWS -How much did legislature do?~ DRIAN JONES Atater Staff Wilt. They're dying by the hundreds. Some will die to. good. Sonic will be respected next year. IN TIlE LAST two days of the Florida Legislature's 1975 session, only a select few will stay alive. Of the 3,7W) legislative bills introduced this year, only ItS were Mused as of Tuesday night. With the leaden of both houses committed to ending .11 lawmaking by Friday afternoon. activity is, the state capitol is rising to. last minute frenzy. On the chopping block is a bill to add tine students to the Beard of Regents and several months of efforts to thwart higher tuition for next fall. TUE SUIDENT-3ECEMTS bill I, ready for final passage in the senate, but it has not been placed on the "special ot dci" calendar whids would be necessary to bring it to a vote. Even if the bill comes up for a vet, today or Friday. It must bent to the house and passed in that chamber. Final approval of higher tuition an a step closer each day the legislature Ipaw the regests' fee resohatice. 3M IAWUANS DO NOT act on the resolution by adjourninaat. It automadeally ~ Into Oct. Lqldaton are just like e.euybody due. They tend to everything off until the last minute and then hew to catch up. explained Terry I. Kennedy. -aide to senate Pruideut Dpey Dams. Each bar. Kennedy aid. nuod bills dIe eIther because these is not enough support to bring them to a vote or because legislative priorities lay olhustere. "ANYoNE WifE a papas ant it prioritIes," Kuscody said. and pointed to lance's four*pohst pwpau this year as evidence that "this Isa been avery productive The hr polnt program includes reor gin atlas. of -. vfroemestal agencies. subsantlal few 0* lag of the Departiow must .1 Health sad RehabilItative Sesvlcu. mneamura to fight ~ mu ate crime mud peep of "sIbIe" approprietlons bills. __________ unjiappyw. GM. Reubla Askew. however, said Tuesday. lie is not happy that many mnposals are going to die this rar. Mi' Amab Residents complain of flooding from construction Dy JOANNE KOHL Attn BUSH W.bw Construction on the north side of Gainesville is causing souse homeowner, in the Hotown Creek area to wonder if their homes will be flooded. LB. Baldwin, organizer of a group of homeowners called the Sugarfoot Community Improvement Association, said construction north of 39th Avenue is causing more water to run Into llogtown Creek. HOCTOWN CREEK runs into Sugarfoot Prairie and Kanapta Pram. Baldwin said that residents around Clear Lake and those living near the soutbats part of Hoglown Creek want dikes and pumps built, draining the flood waters into the prairies. "My house and others -threatened by rising flood Waters." Baldwin said. The area was lad flooded lOot 22 years ago, he explained. MaCTOWN (IS -Into Hail Sink, Baldwin added. When the sink it. the water mud tab into Suguufoot Prairie and the Kasapeha a. he aid. Nilutlom flairs Ohio. Willis Hurst isa. proposed that lad less than 65 fret above -level be peolsased by the county as a pamameat water ateatla. area. Hut has ala reconi as ended that land below the lOG year flood plain lime be dosed to 4evdopmest. A water retention area provides a place for bad water to run into. The ground in the water retention ma torn the water that emenD sinkholes, lakes and discuSs canot hold. DS HAVE PSI belt I. back of homes bordering Sugarhot Setup. wisids a barbs e.ms water hum HogI own Cnmn. Lynn Host ergir, a resides In the ow Sudhs Swamp, said the swans p habodedupto lOts luteS. dike. Before the dike was constructed, she said, the flood waken could reach the house its times of heavy rain. Mrs. MallOry O'Cotsner. an art teacher at OF. also lives next to Sugarfos Swamp. She moved into the ares after the last major flood, and was aware of the flood problem when she and her husbeid bought the house. "TUE PEOPLE TEAT owned the house before we did had water in their house a foot and a half deep," O'Conner said. 'This bourn wasa t our first choice. We had been looking at another house, but we couldn't get financing on it." CYConner added. Her home has not flooded since OConner moved an, but the water has cease up to her doorstep, most recently during Tuesday's heavy rams. "murs DEEM MORE runoff. too. inset the street has bourn paved." expaint 43,, 1St S. unpaved rood used to Suet so. at tin. wndL "The day k&t interned Its doing suds about It." she added. "They did offer to pet up two-ks dike In the ddwmy. ibid. .ini we'd have to drive mu a two-bet hump whenever it drove Is or on. Thafl a they ever did." she geld. "1'1"5 SN WNSUUCnON sear the intesectlcs @4 Hosows and ReSinS Creeks abet Is au the wotleur OCoumer a.l~hed. 'Ibsy cm de everything Sy wipe b in We -a. ta the protein i. upSaY The IsteepeShin dS'cruts. ins a north offlthStreet.Istheskeofm.dominlum and shopping caster cern.tnscalou, die aplalsed. Before -strut I. begs. S. -had abated cuing water. The water., urns .6 into Horns Creek. Not ill .1 tArs. O'Coaoer's aul*bws tare he feellap. A neWabe lhlq ansi time street hut So gaits Swap hula that the .1mb eorntmyggsy Is a bra' "iS AIfl RAMrr flooded its II In, eves these U.'N liviag Is the IC. gun lad ds~ beaus ww'n living Is this aisud, we',w under the day flood ordinance. which hens building its this I. area, the neighbor. vito wished to be unIdentified, said. The last flood which occurred is, this area was a corn bin atlas of netwul cmatlas, ad war sad sown dy.*U~ scabs. b adgiab. said. lhmead bbs lake its' the Big Stir in gamy Sm dim) Is a. The is boded the it. had. came Ia 1*4. This the Water and SOW Dugan apNd ups euhwt COW Mshwe pipa-admuk oat, sad dame bided So rod." ha said. A public baling wE be hold at dii twisty cease meslag Tuesday. June 3. to aM am. m.m~.,, I, phmlnga coUnt of attic, Iii 169 en OUt Mid a Is ofncIs he.mwu.s. too. maven .m~fl p rogue a an hwba&yerdpo.vA 

PAGE 9

0 II,. Ind*peod.c*RMesjusss, IhwS.y, Mp49. IWS, P~9 Ut. The Idus'hnuy. Elegant3-bedroom 2-baths Formalentrance foyer. Sunken livingroom. Covered garden and patio. 2-car garage. The Iahur VS. I-las a sunken Tb. JamahelSa i-las a sunken living room with cathedral ceiling living room with cathedral ceiling. PassFormal dining room. 26 patIo. through from kitchen to dining room and 2-bedrooms, 2-baths i-car garage. patio. 3-bedrooms, 2-baths 2-car garage -r The Newt. Showplace of The Forest. Covered porch. 2-story foyer 4-bedrooms 2 Va baths 2-car garage. hi Thu Paused. Laugs hing. family and dining rooms dsflhd around big kkhen. Master suite separated from 3 other bedrooms 2-car gangs The Forest of the Unicorn now buying something new and exciting to Gainesville, A~nd parade of townhouse, patio vii., and Ends family home in nesuillds only totally planned, residential comnurnbj Evenjthing about the Forest was planned to b. exceptIonal, swUng with our unique architecture In a setting of rare natural beauty. The biding. were designed with eye-catching elevatIons, and the cidurica are of ru9rdlv handsome woods to blend with the environment The ames were .1! planned for easy living, with room arrangements that make housework EghE and entertmb*u memomble. Needless to 8. the bt* with the finest matuululs and townhouses, patio homes and sinA family hocus are grouped h mluhbchood ekes, to provide a madmum of pdvacy and a mlnhtum of traffic Lush landscaping has been created with care and lungmellon. You'll see spailding lakes all around that kwh The ,eeu&ula 4-bedroom, 2-bath home delpud for saw enterwining. Large bAng room, family room and 2 patios 2-car garage you to go boating and ftshlng.The lakes are surrounded by towering trees and naflhal greenur~& The Unicorn Club OpUiS a world of recreation to make living heir. an experience you'fl dflght In evay day. FacilItIes wi be available or pales and there will be game rooms, exercise rooms and saunas to help you keep trim and heahhy~ Outdoors, and now under coninclom, Is a magnificent swimming poci. A wadny~gor kids. plenty of iiweather tennis con beD cowb are ready for your ~s~m~n Sm. acIl4Ney a to share In eD The Feast has to of hi Why not vhS the F~ of the Unicorn today, and Sm yamud. Join oar wade. tvenjday from 9 to duals. B Cnmw 50F ThE UNICORN 2500 N.W 46th Arenm. GabteuvIg. Rued. 32606 Teh'pbcee (904)3772730 ApSurpiSWflAmuSphq~RQ9m~uflaMc.,, ...'I 

PAGE 10

Peg. It. lb. k.d.p.m4.M N.M. MtIgar. Thun&y, Mq 29,1975 VENUS FLY TRAP: A rare plant that's Dy JUDY MOORE Alipter SiaN Wdmin Today people aren I satisfied with a geranium on the window sill. They like fancy plants, and the fancier, the better. ONE OF THE best-soiling and roost unusual plants is the rare meat*eating Venus Fly Trap. Nature provides this plant with traps equipped with tiny sensitive trigger hairs to catch unwary insects. Insects are attracted by the reddish color and sweet scent of the traps. Touching the trigger hairs activates the trap, which snaps shut on its victim. AFTER DICESnON, which generally takes several days, the trap will open again for a new catch. Gary Beckman, employ of the Incredible Plant Store, said they sell about 30 Venus fly Traps each week for $2.20 each. The plant, which is sold ins small plastic container, grows fran, a bulb to full size in about one month. THE FLY TRAP thrtva bat in a sunny spot and should be kept moist at all times. The plant should obtain the nitrogen it needs from insects. and not from fmtiuiler. according to Caroline Lochlair. manager of the Incredible Plant Store. "The plant can't absorb nitrogen from the soil. It needs to get the nitrogen it needs from insects, which are almost .11 nitrogen. "A KANT (fly trap) that muld&t eat Insects wouldn't be a very healthy plant," Lochlmir said. Lochisir said small pieces of meat or cheese could be fed to the plant. but activating the trap by mechanIcal means, such ass pencil, could damage it. "Trying to trigger the traps by a false o&ring will eventually damage the triggering medianlan In the trap. The traps will become insensItive and unable to snap shut." she said. LOCHLAIR WARNED that diloriumated water will cause the traps to fall off th. plant. Another of the ft. movIng" plants I. the Prayer Plant. The big leaves of this plant fold up at night. as if they were praying. catch Inc on 'S 'in Gainesville A r C t a C 9 ThE WICK STARTS at about $2.50 ira small plant. Another unusual plant gaining popularity, according to Lochisir, is an herb named Chit, which is a member of the sage mint family. Chit grow in the desert and were used by Indians of the West Coast -a source of energy. Cite teaspoon was said to keeps. India going for 24 hours. INlfl4,'T1E SEEDS weresoldforl6tolapound. Today Otis seeds and a small -sell for 51.39. Chit seeds are soaked overnight until they become a sticky jelly. This substance is rubbed on the outside of a small pot from which the plant grows. Water -inside the clay pot keep. the plant molt. ThE SEEDS taste like bean sprouts and an often used in soups, salads and sand wicks. Lochltir said another unusual plant that is not available in GainesvIlle it the California Piggy Back. The large leafed plant, whose leaves look something like a bewiia's, sprout smaller leaves on the back of leaves giving a piggy back effect. "Now, the only place they sell then Is In California. We hope to get them soon, bait I have -Idea tern." mile said. Universities plan sharing procedures By UIANJONES A~aS. se WSs, The Florida Legislature gave state universities dozens of new colleges Wednesday and it didn't cost a cent. The senate passed 32.0 a bill unanimously passed by the house a week ago which allows stake and private universities to use each others facilities and programs. "WHAT THIS (the bill) does is allow the state universities to use physical facilities at the private institutions which are not now being used as private enrollment declines. University System Chancellor-designate ET. York said. Despite the continued rapid growth of state higher education, private universities are slipping in their enrollment. York said. The state universities boughut out private New College in Sarasota this year when Its financial future as -independent school cvaorated. WITH STATE UNIVERSITIES able to send students to programs at troubled private colleges. failures like the one at New College might be avoided in the future, York said. Under the bill, private college will also be able to take advantage of state university programs. The act empowers the public and private schools to arrange for almost allaited cooperation. York suggested to the legislature several areas when the universities might team up: PoolIng library resources and shanng a statewide library computer network. Swapping students Ibe proftnulond and graduate studies that the home school don not offer. Cooperating I. resereh. Sharing common budgeting, planning and evaluation. Already the state unlvenlties and the University of Miami have explored looperatlag in some medical and oceanographic programs, York said. The completed bill did not reach FLorida Got Ramble Askew's edUce by the close of Wednesday session, but the bill's supporters expect Askew will give the uncontroversial measure quick approval. '1 Is not big enough for evwyone Reserve now to be certain of Pal occupancy. eCloesi to Campus sMear IV As Isfi no sPool, Sauna uIulIy Furnished etoundry Facilities a MOeI.*in.1OAM.ts SAM. Lies. .4*. MeusS people I. GeluuewlWe I yen hayftum MVw US? First of all they as interned In your business or they wouldn't be advertising In The MIlgotor. Secondly, The lnd.pequdeqw Flwido Alligator ii auppoiled almost entirely by II, advenhing. As long as our odvergisen wpport us we can COfr tinue to bee free diuiributlon new~cper cii 095 University of florida campus. Our advwlliint will continue to aippofl us as long m you continue to uppofl them. So don't buy what you don't need and don't paY morn than you ~otM pay BUT, all other thing' being equal, imp with AIllgato~ adveiWUn Poiroutlze people who patroniz, us. Independent riorida Alligator We can make it tog.iher. Moe ISA S. V. hi Mama 3724557 S. a 

PAGE 11

CtOTHES >A~"-'~ 'DON'T FIT~ WI CAN I $ 100w g&d~. I 'B-R activity card $150 without aJune 13-14-15 I 60h0t4 QAOQC cPAIeqAoss~JestIuoA cad QAa~is,~oAJwA With -TheCountry x Gent lemonThe Lewis FamilyMurshgr@55 flddlln' ) Chubby Anthony and Many More Free Camping and Parking-Hot FoodWater.Shov~er5O@fl. StoreOver 50 Crafts Exhibits Advance SDuy Ticket $10Atat*$l2 CONE? movie aSh .comIUGA.319i1 Th. indspa.&,.t N.M. AlIIpflr. lhgnd.y, May 29, tUt P.r II Several campus organizations make special budget requests MOST MOon S. ARTS ICAWMAIa fbN.L 2&d AVE PRESENTING F0ODY~ WESt MOM .TO -WITh .~uaw TV Chafiflak. A *.,n~ chWL U" S*t Now 'VOK 5Ck Exclwnt 2 PMSiISS N CI.t.0dPMOdAAM ~a$q' Ca lqt* ~wet maiWaw semi -a mt mamas Patronize Ate people who pofronhre us. The Independent Florida ~f!r4Jr6Y" to ASFAC. Student Government Vice President Dan Lobed said money would be returned to SG by the Xerox Co~ Xerox waits to pay for the film and use UF to libraries annia the country. Lobeck suji. most of the a. example Lobeck said he presented the request to ASFAC only because Foody could as attend the uniting. Clime said ASFAC would wait until summer quarter to make any recommendations on the special requests to the unate. We decided to wait bemuse the sane had their last meeting of the quarter Tuesday night and because we waitIng for a decision from hF Attorney Thanse Eggs -the valpdlty of funding the CDS because it is -oScampus organizatIon," she said. By DIDDlE ERICKSON AEgean Staff Wilier Special requests totaling 5221,543 for the 3975-76 academic year were presented to the Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee (ASFAC) dining the -week. ASPAC is responsible for making neommendatlons to the Student Senate for the allocation of the SiS million activity and mule. fes CUNUDAtY ThiN! -appeozlmateb mum w surplus activity and rice 6. funds as yet allocated foe the 197576 academic yew. The Student Auzilaxy Night Patrol (SNAP) requested 113,500 in funds for next yea Sue dine, ASPAC member, said SI2AU) would go toward equipment and Its upkeep. CUNE SAID 21 students will work 20 hours a week next fall quarter as SNAP members. The Florida Quarterly literary magazine requested 59.970 for next year for printing, office supplies and salarIes for the eater and secretary. A total of 2.400 copIes will be printed each qualer. Some will be sold on subscription to libraries around the country. but the majority will be free to UF students." dine said. SIX HUNDCD bOUtS was requested from Devora Deeper. 7AS. for research -an Inbrmatson and training package on the effects of alcohol abuse. Depper said she will dSp the material and evaluate the results during summer qua. The package will the be presented to the Natlonai Agency -Alcohol Abuse (NIAA). Depper said she hopes to receive a Sf000 pant Born NIAA to be used over a three-year period for continuing research -alcohol abuse. TUE UP ATHIZAC Anodes requestS 574MB for melt year. If panted. the mosey would be divided In the following way: .117,400 his five per cat barn Increase over the amount already allocated the asacelatlos hr tIm. 3975-76 academic yew; .84.762 for a wrestling mat; .131,736 for women. sports; .516a0 to couples, the walens unnis darning room: sad 55,000 to renovate the Perry Field house. Clint said the Increase In swum a spats would go toward salaries, scholasthlps. tern trawl and other needs. EXPLAINING Till MONET for the women's tennis dressing room fine said. "The n.e&s tennis dressing room I was completed, but they ran out of funds and could not complete th. women s tennis dmsing roomY florida Players requested 54.395 for a dimmer board and W300 hr a memory systeni. A dimmer bond is a series of switches which control the light levels and. memory system is a board which can be preset to control the light levels. CLINK SAID TUE Corner Drug Store (CDS) requested Sll.AIOto help pay for rent, utilities and telephone bills. "CDS requested the money from Student Government, citing figures which showed 63 per ant of the people who utilized the CDS were UP students and 135 out of 166 volunteers were UP students." Clime said. A request for 5300.000 to microffim the entire periodical department of UP main librarie, was requested by Al PoSy. but ozone alert evels Tampa Bay Dy 30513MM? COVDUEAU A~rS~WdIu Florida "Sun Con" residents we forced Indoors last week by dangerous ozone levels In the atmosphere. But an environmental engineer from the Depsitmont of Pollution Control said GainesvIlle reSuuts needn't worry. local car emissions do not produce enough hydrocarbons to make an. se levels dangerous. 191 ENGDIEU, Jerry Kubal. said became Galneevile is flat and has metlauciss winds. we clouds will not hem over the city awn the cue In the Tampa Day -Wednesday. Tamp. indents sensitive to arnie (unduly thee with ashma) were advised to avoid the outside air -much -possible and stay i.ulde with alr-condltlouleg during the pollutIrna alert. Ozone is prod aced from a reaction between uln-vldet rays from the sun and nitrogen dioxide produced by cairn. miesiwn. lUSt SAID Gainesville does not monitor mile levels became It is .nt conuidwed a major problem hoe. "We do&t have the centlaucus biail4up of pollutant emissions necessary for critical 0mg conditIons," Kubal said. Bob Holdren, an engineer with Environmental Science & Engineering Corp. said Tampa's ozone cloud could not move to Gainesville. "AN OZONE cloud is like cigarette smoke. It's con* catrated at its origin but fades out the farther away you get.' Holden said. Kubal said the only time ozone levels become dangerous is when a temperatutt inversion occurs. "Usually the higher you go. the cooler the air becomes." Kubal said. "But sometime cool air ii trapped at ground level along with all the pollutauuts it contains. "AN ENVISION temperature is apparent when you see an open fire or factory smoke stack whoic smoke rises for a short distance then moves laterally. It should move straight up." Kubal said. Kubal added the presence of sunlight is needed to produce own. so ozone will not frau at night. bidet said high ceematutlons of ozone can cam attica and -trauMa ........a * * * t* SPARKPlUG Gainesville safe, V Broword-Rawlings Area presents DRY CELLAR with Live Entertainment Beer Cokes Popcorn 30 tIE im in the Broword Rec Room MflII3IISVMSd 

PAGE 12

Ii Th* Idep.M.0 Mcdi. MIIg.i.r, Thu,.d.y, Mi721. leTs EDITORIAL Honestly During the mid-term examination period a few weeks ago a professor was overheard telling his students anyone suspected of cheating would automatically be tossed out of his class. ~I'ni not wasting my time sitting around that damned Honor Court," he warned them. His attitude, unfortunately, is typical of many UF faculty members these days. Reluctant to *'waste" their time with a student-run court, many are taking matters into their hands. That's one of the reasons why an honor system, established by student initiative in 1914. has fallen into disuse in recent years. Of course the faculty can't take all the blame. Their objections are somewhat understandable. They complain that the court, staffed by third and fourth year law students, often subject them to harsh and humiliating cross examination, and more often than not the accused student gets off on a technicality under the courts rules of criminal procedure. Then too, many students never even go on trial, copping out in plea bargaining sessions. Whatever the reasons, the Honor Court. reeling under the double blows of a recent cheating scandal and legal action to open their closed heariup has fallen on some hard times lately. By the end of this week President Marston will receive a report on a set of task force recommendations designed to revitalize the system. Sonic of the ideas would undoubtedly do just that. Restoring the concept of signing a compulsory examination pledge for instance, or a campaign by the Office of Student Affairs to inform the university community of the importance of the system. Traditions like the honor system will not continue on their own without an attempt by the administration to orient new students and faculty to their importance, and this function has been sadly neglected in recent years. Some of the recommendations however, seem little more than a blatant attempt to take the process of keeping students honest out of the hands of the students themselves. Perhaps the worst idea is to set up an Honor Council. composed of both faculty and students. It is hoped in this way faculty interest and participation in the system can be restored. Tuesday night the Student Senate voted unanimously to oppose the idea of faculty sitting on the Honor Court. They pointed out the inclusionoffacultyon the court sets a bad president for student government as a whole. We agree. We have a better idea. Instead of taking the power to enforce the honor code from the students. President Marston should require faculty members to attend the court when questions of cheating arise in their classes. Instructors would then be encouraged to proctor their classes more closely to keep choatins down, which ii another recommendation of the task force. Starting summer quarter, the Honor Court will begin to operate under mica of administrative procedure. making the hearlnp less like a criminal trial Plea bargaining will be forbidden, profemors will no Io"g.r be mbjmct to harsh questlcalah. and we student. will be convicted or acquitted on the macrita of their cams. It Is beped these new rules wilt help restore confidence is the system, but it cat be done -t Before Presides Munson decides to radically change a system that has fuactlonsd ~ mc long he should -the Homer Court, and those students who operate It. chance to revitalize it cc their own. The Honor System hui already been around for over 60 years, a ftw more yean won't hun. Lives of purpose are forgotten The face smiled up at .me 6cm the magazine. From under his boyishly disheveled black hair, Jan Palach grinned, shy. awkward. Intense. a soccer ball under one of his arms. Later his Czech friends would describe him as quiet and unassuming, a student who kept to himself. For in October. 1Q69. Jan Paled, exploded, the student who kept to himself, pouting gasoline Over his Prince Valiant black ha. over the rut of his body, and set himself ott fire. His screams reverberated off the hard pay Prague morning and the cold melui of the Soviet inks. TUE REASONS ARE forgotten now. P.I.ch is a photograph shrouded in black next to the clock in the home of his agents. Timehasawayofdoinathat. OPINION David forger lnily scratched behind has dog's en as the life magazine interviesti asked his about the upcoming Munich Olympia The Israeli weight lifter smiled, quietly proud, posing for pictures with hi. parents. He never n* derstood the Arab remdst who killed him it all happened so swiftly. And it was just as swiftly forasten. WEAl ARE TIE faces we remember? With whose lives ate we familiar? Jacqueline Onasas locks aw.y behind her sunglasses cc the oover of evay magazine. every newspaper. and at follow her qardaitlagly with a lurid invobanent. Prince Girls goes here and thee, doing this and that, looking like a grow up Alfalfa: we become engaged ha meaningless exploits and outspoken people with nothing to sq. Who d. we watch? Who do we remember? The Independent I Florida Alligator (ii! Gmnaca., 32 A'15a,. ~ V. c.a t~baIy.Aa Aw.Mwn -. C.tyUmIpp bit Media., bMa.J, .4 br4~ ~ kcw -. Hnse '~.sa. hyt aPe a.s. Mete, We know of the sWain of Rldwrd Button, but not the cooscience of Eliot Richardson. Jimmy Cowion has his obnoxious niche moist minds, but who holds in their memory theanguishofHoldea CauffieltweknowiohwCafon. but itit Since is dim recoliectlou. DOUG M@LLOY GUEST COLUMNIST THEY DREDGED UP Thomas Eagles from. ranote political caner for the 3972 Democratic nomination for VicePtaident. For two weeks they sized him up, and then threw him back, like. fish judged too sail, into the sea of oblivion from whence he Cattle. Eagleton. the only one to leave that campaign with any semblance of honor, is a faceless name on a duty cfhnpaign button, too easily forgotten. Why are we able.how are we able, to forget people of courage and honesty and Integrity. and remember, yes, even be enthused, about the trite and the ban! and the meaningless? People with purpose, with something to say, people with meaning in their lives are tbrgsta, like so may paga in a book: we need to realize tug their book mug be read and read again, not only fix the wonder of what they at complished, but for the directing their accomplishments give our lives. TUE MOVIE ASKED "Wbasenr Happened To Baby Jane?" Don't worry; the grotesque and the vulgar and the insipid art called to niad far too emily; peoph with purpose are fbrgsten far too 'cog. b. Cw.nlqh.g, O.y Money kale Ste MWK.4. N~M~ A~nt Ones Mawg. M.InIs.iv. AmiSs ~anw ben. M.ag.~ Acc~na -Mw~ Mv.Nen Coo.dinsoq Spec I.e Sean. CooMlnsor Advag AducNon Monogr %&n% M.w %~d Mng ha I led a, kM ma Ms~g Mm kM Stem -Sm Miy CasE. 5in PM*gtd by C Lflfl~*I% C ~ aim,,,. It. PC Sq. 3344 LIniv.,.Iy Sn. Onweat n.e ~e. off it. b*wi *a Ceilhg. h% '716 Wee -Aa. ha. of he m Mba Mtn~ boss: ma Aiv.nis.g .e Prdvdll*n bose. ma 

PAGE 13

p I,. (nd.p.nd.ns Acrid. MhIg.r. Thund.y May 29. 3975, P.g. 33 Turlington suggests tuition benefits STATEMENT At the outset I ~.,uid Ice to commend '1ie Board ol Regents for coming t g p~ with a 'cry difficult problem. that is. an efibrt to increast *h. summer enrollment in order to accommodate the legislative mandate fo, budgeting am: operating the state universities on a Iour-.4uarter average. This has been the poIt~ of the legislature lot a number of years. and withoul iicreasin~ the summer enrollment. sonic EIIITURt kit irtLI~td more than 1(M) IttilIlFis signed 1,5 more Lii' 2 tAX' students in the State I S~sgem asking he Ht,,n .4 Regents to resting Its rewnt ruling on iitan~i.,ioi >JT~T' Cr .lttcn(ijrtt I dpprecidtc h' i spt''ir of Interest H; the student' itt the operation .' our ii tot II' ~sicn~ ailil .ish I could ~tite .personal Liter ~idi inilivdti.iI signet l-Itn.evrr as hi~ is inipossibit I a 'slr1~ this nicthol p1 c5I)resirw ni; appreciation I AM ENCLOSING. L~5 I, 'latenlent I iiiddt it, bit State Board ob l-''iLatio' or Mis 20 In this I suggeN tht possibility ~ esttblshi,~ (litberential tuition idles ~ot summer stud~ arid the possibits of a tultior rebate 1iii tiw early graduate ton I hope that uiisersii students .iIl continue to keep m iware of their Oh CV N Gtor~.a Se~te I~lj nil state iini'ersities lace setiotis iii.iii&ial 'itu.itit'n it: RIHERMORE. ONE ol the ~vs in which ~c IlIrlirnide ik Lapital outlay needs I he iniversitics is hrou Mh he recognition that the tour-quarter average to" ept ',hcr tull~ realized ~tll 'educe the peak enrolinieni Ii ht. all quarter and t hi, reduce the in trail space needs a tnt ~tcnerai o'erhcad pet iii 'nit cqu''ahemn student I he "ne st.n. urmersities In ie~dr(l it the role proposed k the r~ ~Cflt', iii 1% 'resent 'win. I an coneelneti ~hit'ther ii smiling qIn~iTc ,ttteridjncr or particular students ~tlI best .t~uniphish .1 note le~ el enrol Inter t over the P 'U r Li UU ri Cr5 I hi. problem a' not onl~ he concern ol hr Board id Regents. but it is our problem silt g as "e do is (he St.' Ic Boarti ol Education exercising general super; 'ion L45 Ci lie Si ate U nierstv S~ gem (S US IN EXAMINING he proposed rule. I note certain problems inherent in the stas it was drafted. In its present inn,. it applies only to those students entering the SUS t~ith ess that % credit hours. ii vail automatically) apply to tIl lirsi -time-in tollege students. to I transfer students from the Lommunuls college ~.ho have less than the associate of art. degree. or transfer students Iron, other institutions. For example. does ic apply to a student transferring from a community college with 70 hours of credit work and who has received CIEP credit for 25 hours prior to hi' transferring to the university system? As you can see by this one example. there are some potential inequities that need to be examined and changed before this rule ,~ impleniented. Also, the proposal states that the affected students nitist ta IS quarter hours of credit new low school "Th~sii Kill them In Tallahassee1" arm-. K Mo', EDITORt I was dnturbed to read in the Allagatore editorial A Bit Shaky" that there was a legislative proposal br a new law school at Florida Atlantic University. As a law student, I am faced with the rather desperate situation of trying to find law-related employment in a macku that, a venfied by government statistics. has and will continue to have for at least the next 10 years only one opening for every two sit graduates. Part of the cause of this poor ratio of pbs to graduates is reflected in the fact tha number of graduates taking the Florida Bar Examination increased ftom 929. 1970 to 1,942 in 1974, FACED WITH this staggering surplus of law graduates. .ini at a loss so see how a new law school mold have any other impact than to directly increase that sizable group of frustrated law graduates. who, after seven years of invested time. flnd themselves precluded from employment in a law related field O, the other hand, as to the medical profession, where the need for medical doctors far exceeds the supply we firni sic' proposal' for new medical schools or even significant CX paiisions ci the existing ones. FURTHERMORE, couldn't pan of this contradiction be explained by the existence of a strong lobbying orgamz.tion sponsored by the medical prefab. which is interested lit maintaining the status quo of a situation of shon supply that has lead to average yearly incomes tr general practioners of 360.000 wish specialists often exceeding 3100.000? William A. Newton 3LW The Independent Fkrida Alligator Yes SAr.dm AS Maw. Mn. Shall. h.p. btninm.ntflnv wug wet, WI,. Sn. Mn. Gin F~ -EsL Ralph 0 Ttirhngton hiring hr i'mnier term Coald not a student earn these alits t hrisigl' a progi am such as the external degree ~rogra in For i~I a Internat ion a I 1 ii vets it attendance at a J)TflnlUnhty college, attendance at pmate institution, or by orrespoTidencc cotire' FURTHERMORE, upon examination of the summer LIiroIfnlcni twurts or the 'umner of 1973. it is qutte evident it some t our tin ~ cnn es ach eve a sign ilkantly higher atm I ~t'iri1rr enrollment to fall quarter ciirollment than do 'hers F hr poi 1% as propt~sed does jot resolve the problem of ,trattiTj~ N student to return to the campus that he ateThicil in tlw tall or to the can~puses with low summer cnrollmciit I should suggest that the Boart of Regents might wish to si ud~ the possihil t~ of ditferental tilt Oil rates at the arlous flit lions limiting the summcrttme and other possible in cenives stich as re~ sons of course offerings in order to attract the students to the campuses where the leveling of the tour-quarter ~nerage is most desirable. Furthermore, a tuition rebate plan tot early graduation may have possibilities This certainly can be accomplished since the proposed rule does not go into effect until Sep~ member I, 976. and, in reality, not even then. It may be that the mandatory policy is the best solution, but the Regents have sufficient time to study the other alternatives that I have previously mentioned. or other possibilities. before the present proposed rule would take effect. THEREFORE, I move that the State Board of Education affirmatively defer taking action on this item and permit the rule to become effective as presently proposed without an expression of either approval, or disapproval, by the State Board of Education as provided in Section 240.03111). Florida Statutes' (1973). This will give the Resents tune to rc*study the problem and propose timely future amendments to the State Board of Education. I wish to commend the Board of Regents for acting positively on this matter which is of deep concern to the students, the faculty, the administration, the Regents. the Florida Legislature and ourselves. This is no~ a popular Issue, and there have been expressions of strong sentiment. The dialogue that will result from our action today will be positive and ultimately result in an improved solution devIsed by the Board of Regents. Don't open 

PAGE 14

Page 4. The lnd.p.od.n Mo.Ido P4119sr. Thundoy. Moy 29. )VS LJF grounds division biggest in Southeast By BILL FLORA Alligator Staff Writer Ihe grass on the Plaza of the Americas which serves as a soft bed for sunbathing UF students was once being ripped and torn by football players at Florida Field. UF's extensive sprinkling system is not affected by high city water rates because it draws water from three underground wells and treated campus sewage. FORMER UF President Stephen C. O'Connell was a flower-lover. It reads like a listing from a campus ~BeIioe it Or Not." Actually it is an afternoon's conversation with N.R. Lake. UP grounds superintendent. LAKE SAID the UP grounds division, the largest of its kind in the Southeast. has an annual budget of more than SI million. Lke and his staff of 146 grounds workers are charged with he maintenance of 1,182 acres of UFi 2.WO acre campus. The grounds division was responsible for digging up the sod on florid. Field to make way for the astroturf. JACK OURANCE .pcdtlonhasvalu. LAKE SAID his workers transplanted the grass to he Plaza where remains today. Lake also runs the sprinkling syswm which draws water from three wells capable of producing from 200 to 500 gallons of water per minute. The final effluent from UF's sewage treatment plant. is also pumped into the sprinkling system. L.ke said. The grounds division maintains its own greenhouses where flowers are grown for use as inside decorations or for one of the ornamental flower beds around campus. Lake said many new flower beds were pinned during OConnell's administration. because the former president loved flowers. To accomplish its task, the grounds division has more equipment than .11 other dl~ UF departments put together except agriculture. Lake said. Budget may crunch Dy MICHAEL BRADLEY AJlIgat~ Staff Wrist The fate of UPs student community liaison officer faces an uncertain future with university. city, and county budgets suffering from the economic crunch. The Student Senate has already cut the positions salary 20 per cent and there is fear among Student Government (SG) officials that the city and county may cancel the program altogether. THE COMMUNITY liaison officer represents student interests before the city and county commissions and acts as a liaison between SG and local governments. The officers quarterly salary is paid by SC with the city and county commissions, each contributing equally. last week the Student Sense, in considering the l~7S-76 SC budget. voted to reduce the positions salary from 5100 per quafl to MO. ENSUING DEflATE over the reduction. apprehensions were expressed that the cut might be intetpnted as -indication of lack of student interest and support of the program. -bj, loIw n'omn GROUNDS OMSIGI WOES 'isbn isrrnponmlblefwolmo.taIIUFIonducop. liaison But with some senators unhappy with past pcttrniance of the liaison, and feeling an economic pinch of its own, the senate voted to reduce the salary. Efforts to abolish the position were defeated. FACING the possibility of zero*tunding by the city and county Student Body Treasurer Caleb Grimes has been trying to save the program Although the senate has voted to continue funding. it is up in the air if the city and county will continue funding the program according to Grimes. This week Grimes is mailing letters to each of the city and county commissioners explaining why the liaison's salary was cut and the importance students place on the position. GRIMES emphasized the importance of the liaison as a student voice before local government ad an active agent in issues concerning students and the university. Gainesville Mayor Joe Uttle expects the city commission to maintain its equivalent funding although he could not predict what the commission will actually do. Little described the liaison as very aftirmative. and that during "the lint year some -thusp came of the program. position "FROM TUE CiTY'S point of vie. it certainly worth the money we put kilo It.' Little said. County Commission Chairman Jack Durrance. claiming that veal government is experiencing "the worst financial crunch in iS years. said. "This thing will be reviewed at budget time." The budget is now being constructed arid will probably come to a vote in August, ac cording to Durrance. *'1'I) UKE to keep this position. Durrance said. I feel that the position has value." Durrance pointed to the bike lanes on Archer Road as tangible evidence of the liaisons e~ctiveness. Comparing the liaison to a liretruck. Durrance said he was&t greatly disturbed that the liaison hadn't veen very active in the past. "YOU DON'r use Aretruck everyday Durrance said. A participant in odgimaily casing the position. Dumuce ~t he -the value of the lIaison as "an evens of communication. Durvance said the smates decision to cut the 'duty will not abs his decision to fund the pouitlos. suns muss i.e. PAsrs-377-bwI I a HANG OW is corn JUIEL fl1* weegY W3.UC 

PAGE 15

Charlie" Chicken Is delivering a I. 3774992-1062 r 2 Drink 2 seDara 4 fe orp SPARK P1MG MOST MODELS SEE Airs KAWASAIC] ~OO NJ. 23rd AVE. 5-7 pitchers for price of NIGHT 15 DRAFT ALL barst Dance to live rnusi lay ninball fooshnil nnrl umsw 13SsL Guaranty Federal 111 SEIt PLACE tO SAVE -m 75Cto 95 C pm 1 r NIGHT with Buster nol 371-0718 i Th. lnd.pend.n*F4o$dc AJIIgoor. Tht.r.dfl, May29 T915, Pug. ~5 Baby Gator Nursery expands to 3 locations By JANET PARK Alligator Staff Writer Slants of Women Committee member~ reacted with enthusiasm and excitement to the announcement of expansion of Baby Gator Nursery facilities to three times the present capacity. Funded by 587.0W of Activity and Service fees, the two new facilities will each be able to handle 30 children. The nursery in the United Methodist Church on University Avenue will continue to serve 30 Baby Gators. DEAN OF Studett Services Tom Goodale presented a site pleas. indicating the two new buildings will be located southwest of the Holland Law Center. close to Cony Village married housing. Although all new construction must be approved by the Board of Regents. Goodale said the buildinp were approved along with Cony Village Recreation Center to be built nearby. Goodule said he expected bids for the nunedes construction to be opened next week, with construction finished by the end of fail quarter. HE ESTIMATED the construction costs will amount to S60.~. with the remaining 127.000 of the allocation to pay salaries of one teacher. one part-time teacher and three teacher sides per facility. Children from three to five-years-old with I one parent attending UP are admitted to Baby Gator on a first-come first-serve basis. parents must also be considered "lowincome' by standards similar to those used by the tederal government. Goodale mentioned that 535(X) of the construction cost involved removing 14 trees at 1250 per tree. "THIRTEEN SITES were presented to the land-use committee and they chose this one. It was cleared with the residents of Golfyjew and Corry Village. too," Goodale said. Large plate glass windows will allow natural sunlight in the air-conditioned building. In other action, committee members heard Dr. Eileen Sullivan describe the circumstance of her denial of tenure and promotion. SULLIVAN, a five-year member of the behavioral studies depastme.st of University College, said she has tiled complaints of tenure denial on the basis of sex discrimination with the Academic Freedom and Tenure committee. Status .1 Women Committee members decided there was "reason to believe an investigation may reveal dIscrimination on the basis of sex." Committee member Edna Saffr presented suggestions for female Accent 76 speakers for committee approval. A letter will be sent to Accent Chairman Steve Weiner suggesting such speakers as Barbara Jordan of the U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Conimittee, adress Mario Thomas and noted anthropologist Margaret Made. Safl~'s final gift to committee members at the last meeting of the quarter was buttonsMen for Women for he men and Make Policy Not Cofi~e' for the women. The Committee on Pubtic Functions has voted to recommend to UF President Robert 0. Marston that the "loyalty oath' be stricken from UF speaking contracts. The student*faculty committee unanimously recommended to delete the section stipulating that student activity money not be paid to speakers who advocate the overthrow of the U.S. government or disaptios of the nalvessity. MANSION ASKS) NUN committee for a recommeudatlce Mowing the petest this month of Dr. Paul Gad., a University of Virginia profaor who participated in UPs Southern Colloquium. Since then. Marxist historian Eugen Genovese has refined to speak on the OF campus because of the contract's stipul.tion. Marston also asked UF Attorney Torn Biggs for a legal opinion. IN AilS OPINION, iiajs said the stipulation originated with a 1971 resolution passed by the Florida Lqlslature and as such does not lute the bra of law. Expressing the feeling of the committee, chairman John Parley said. 'it flu. to -e the lasts of the state are sufficient" and the contract stipulation it umneassary One committee umber described the stipulation is "hmuulthgY "If it's iliqal I west to see It out (of the contract)." Fancy said. "[fit's legal I want to light it." Union evacuated by bomb threat A bomb threat caused the evacuatioc of the J. Wayne Rdz Union Tuesday sight. according to a Univauity Police Department (UPI)3 The threat, reported b7 Melanie Kolhkoeki, a clerk. was ailed in by a man whose voice was "calm. even controlleC according to Kolakowski. UPD officers arrived and evacuated the building at approxisutely II p.m. until the officers thoqtt It "sat to re-utter the building." around 11:20 p.m. UPDhad not approlhaided a suspect by late Wednesday afinoon. * 9*t ** St. bI~SS** I. ,. S.*** 5q A r DAY Everyday Low Sandwich Prices Happy Hour Special Committee reads against ioyoity oath for speakers *t. I,, 

PAGE 16

F 'ape IS. lh. Inde~ndn* R.,Ida Mugs.,, Thundoy, May 29. 1913 This page paid for at usual advertising rates Teachers of: the Y ear Are Named Teacher of the Year awards are presented annually to faculty deemed outstandbig by their individual college. Each participating college maintains Its own selection process. Plaques and SIN cash (split for co-winners) awards will be presented to 13 faculty members at today's meeting of the Senate In McCarty Auditorwin. The awards program is sponsored by the Office of Academic Affairs and financed from the Presidents concession fund. Architecture Agriculture Fine Arts Arts, Sciences a EDWIN H. FINLAYSON inteita Instnwtr Of Food Rmurct En.omln MA 4ft ~ SIDNEY ROMAN Maccat. Proiesw Engbh it. of I At UT since 1913. MS. fran, UP. Career officer In U.S. Marine Corps until retirementas coked. Selected by Smasher Student AgricuitnI Council, who mop ted nominations fran any student or faculty member in Agriculture. At U? since 1972. Ph.D. Georgia Tech: bachelors and master's fran -Milan. Worked two years at Anmold Research Organizatimi In Thilabma. Ala. Selected by executhe camille. of college from nominees submitted by departinsit chairmen based on studS evaluations. Business At U? mInce 1112. AS. from PrInceton MA. and ND. from Harvard. Taught at UnIversity of flinch. George Washington University and Dh.t Uniwity. Belieted by College's Student Cornell. whose teaching uiceilence enSUe. solicited at admit naulnatlonh, observed clamrom -, and submitted five -for Cad Va. University College FRANK E.G. TAYLOR Ameble Prss. Of H-MUAt U? since 1964. Educated In tA, naive England. Author of prise-whuIr novel, 'Mortlake." Selected by the college awarded connttee, comqrhed @1 faculty from each dqwtznat who hued .k~ lion -faculty data forms and student aluatlon. Administration DAVID DEIUWW nan Pydemas Of Ea~~ At U? since 1910. ND. and MA. from Yale and AS. km Barks College; served as teaching aulgant and teaching associate at yale. Was visitIng profeamor at Federal University of Coma, tall. Selected by vote of college's stuiet body In balloting conducted by Btud.t Council V AL CU MAR Professor Engineerining ~rt r At ISP sInce 1967. Dachelw's km North Dakota State, masters from University of Montana, doctorate from University of Tern Cawultait to school syatmus In U.t. South America, Thailand, Philliplnes and Nepal. Chosen by student-faculty connittee who solicited Muds nomination and visited clamoans to observe VERNON P. ROAN Professor of At ISP since im. pt.a from University of IllInois; 3 and MS. from U?. Five years as senior design engineer for Pratt-Whitney Aircraft. Selected her a fanny enSue. free nflSImu submittS by each department in the college. Conservation Journalism, Forest Resources, Communications Law Pharmacy JAMES U URis', P~~NM I At U? sInce 131. 3.3. km North Carolina State College and MA km 1W. Two years at koala Agreola Pannedcana Is Had.'. Selected by a vieciull admits In Forestry School. JOANNE mrm flmhb Ps-N At U? since flu. BA and MA from UniversIty .1 MInnesota. Worked for United Prom Mwna&~ Nba. (Via.) Daily Men and Enneapde Star. Based by vote elan graduating miss in the college during lb. past four -Ut WDUON 3. WELlS Aseeciate Prof-N At U? slate 1,96. In private practice for seven years. Dacheis's from Tulane, law *gnes from University it MlaSSgi, Yale University. Selected by a mjorlty vole .1 the Jim. graha clam. RIcEARD N. PMine At U? since lift Ph.D. and 3.8 km University of Arizona. Served as a practicing pin iumlst In ASuma ad Calif nit Macted by mJoSy vote at 13 ~ung -ada Co-Winners in College of Nursing ~Yfll.T A. -'At IN a. JUL -. Gesgoteim IMvnSv; NIL km LV. Sm amid a am .t New ~i M~S h~ Gee~m WY.*~ tel. -d -u*n sflTs~ NagS). Selected by 'Sod fae* km naminem ci Prmdums mt Tune Ca. am. AID? S. 1St Was ethel at ~ Temeblag DigitaL km U?; DCI kern U.IYW* S ha. Was elbimi ENSuE ~uetw S Jesus Rate JimA., 61kp (Ak). Mete ets by faculty vote from inflSm by college's Promotion mit Tame ~. mine The University ci lionS Ba an Equal Eu~Ioymat C $Pit7fA4tI~IptI!W. 4M~' VAIPIOV tW -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. I. ROBERT W. ADERIIOLDT Asslatast Professor Of BConanctia Lkdveraftjj by the O.vn.o. of 1sf om~s:xm d Phh&v awe., S.tvkes go coe.s.* an, if,. isP '.com A ,,,ttnM.r*M. to tIw&at*, M~Ii' d at sin iii may of Flank Education a as NC U I 

PAGE 17

4PM-1 OPM CHICKEN, FRENCH FRIES, P COLESIAWROLLS REE REFILLS ON ALL DRINKS FOR ELI VERY SERVICE Maw-I 1805 S.W. mel-I 13th aaaa TOR'S SUMMER IN EUROPEII '289 Group Rate Is upprox. price wnd hip: MIfmI-toxembcurgMiom, no 2-Sept.11 ibm. full mont, *se woWs lag long! Studems' special flight has 10 available see's. C.act lmmedletsIy M.,e., Walk. 392-2311 A Friadly Produce Market Just for YOU GOING OUT OF BUSINESS PARTY at The Connection Lamp We ore closing to remodel. Every night Spm-2am ALL DRINKS ALL BRANDS 50* Domestic Boor 35' Heinekefl~ Chives A Johnny Walker Block 75' Dance us out with SOUTHPAW W GulnewUles own wpw group. Help us go out with a SANG. Every night until we exhaust our stockHurry Hurry Hurry' The (mantle Loamy belly a i.*i** Thur. Fri. only T~477~ at Heppy MOst 5 pp. -Nap ____ The lnd.pad.,, Noddo MII~.r. ibuiSey M.y 29, tUB, N. IT C k p -r -~Jt :* S t -4 t ~ -if % 4 %t S -, ~'~> 4J$t I) 9 By STUART EMMRICH AHgat. Staff Wilt. UP employs may find themselves having to switch medical insurance programs later this year if benefit claims continue to outstrip coverage costs. And the state may find itself kicking in $10 lot pan of cad, of the 2.7w emplayes monthly costs if the switch takes place. ROBERT BUTTON, UP personnel director, said employs claims on their Blue Cross-Blue Shield programs were running higher thi, year tha* the premiums paid to the companies. When re-bidding comes up in September, Button said the companies may decide to raise the rates to Offset the lots. If the rates go too muds higher. Button said Senate okay By MICHAEL DEAD LET Alipsa Sail WISE. The revised 1975-76 Student Government budget of oter one-half million dollars passed its tourti, and final rEading at Tuesday sights Student Senate meeting. Applause erupted in the senate chamber with the final pasapof the budget which has generated extended debate and kept the senate in gaston as iate aS 3 am. TUE BUDGET NOW goes to Student Body President Jim Eaton for final SO approval. I. other action, the senate unanimously approved a resolutlou induced by Senate President Art Aspinwall opposing the inclusion of faculty members ass the bearing body of the Hater Court. The resolution eta sod, -luduulon would set a bad precedeS fix SC and that there are numerous other avefs for faculty input into the Honor Court that do not have a detrimental impact on the concept of student govomefit." All ADUINIBThATIVE HONOR Court task force has proposed faculty be Included on the Honor Coast. UF Preddent Robat Q. Mantog, will announce his decision -the Honor Coast Friday. The senate also approved the lbs cabbet noshation submitted by Eaton. ION WD~ =1W, whose maCaMos High may switc claims cause bin insurance the employs will probably switch over to the state plan. ALThOUGH (IF employs pay .11 the expenses of the school insurance plan, the cost to them is less than it would be under the state p~An. But if the rates are raised next year. Button said it would probably be cheaper for the eniploycs to switch to the state plan with the 510 supplement each mouth. Butte, said the UP plan now has lower rates because oft low usage in put years. but explained that might change If the rise in OF ;lams Continua. He added, however, dust the prospects of Blue Cross-Blue Shield raising its rates was a "very i~b' thing" and added there wag no chance of claims outstripping premiums before September. SG budget was tabled last week doe to waufficiast Information, was unanimously approved Tuesday night lb. the position of katwy of Legislative Afhln. The senate abc voted to expand the mode discount ~gramn to include Wontetoo Theatre tickets and to approve dopt.on oft student haith insurance program onderweitten by the Guarantee Trust Lift Insurauce Company of Illinois. The current UF student health msu*ance prOgram Is undawrittas by Blue Crow. A SPECIAL SESSiON of the senate was held Thunday night to facilitate completion of budget comidntlo. beta dead week. At the special session. meudments were -urns $40 At. S. Honor Court Chancellor $ piqued $210 qualy and Banding 34.644 hr next jeers Casne and Teacher Evahaatious. At the regular urnS mush. two daji, beige. neadmess had ha paid risks the Oanceilo.s -b~ $40 and ofunding the Count and reacher Evaluations. DUE TO SENATE ATFINDANCE problems. President Asphwall proposed the number of permisthie absences be reduced frost four and on-half to three. An absence from the Ifrit or last roll call counts -one-half abome. The sate expressed its appmval of d.c measure and a formal bill to that effect till be introduced during the Sumner quarter. The senate has ued hr the inprIng quester and will us urns -.tS lbs mewed Tuesday .1*. mu winter. CI~'4 AU 11U. -! 

PAGE 18

F Ng. 11Th. Ind.,.ndad N.M. MlIgav. Th.,nd.y, Mqr a ins Less than honorable discharge hurts veteran 'S chance for lob; upgrade project trying to help ion,. wumn jour Mbade~ ShE War Joe Doe, a UF senior and Vietnam veteran, was riMmed from the service with a less than honorable discharge. Now, after five years, Doe (III. real came Is being withheld pending a legal review of his cm) is trying to upgrade his discharge. DOE HAS ONE maw reason for his Cons. "lob discrimination. I have personally been discriminated against on th. bask of mydludmarge." Doe said. Whet. you go for an interview wIth, sq. a up corporation. they look at ytur OD 214 (a standard separation record the veteran keeps) to see what kind of discharge you received. If it wasn't honorable, they want to know more and have you sip a release hr them to gain saw to your permanent military records. TUIN ITS A CASK of damned if you do, damned if you don't. If you don't give them the ida. you do&t get the job. If you do give it. they learn the details of your discharge and you still don't get the job." he said. Like Joe, there are approulinetely 5W.OOO Vietnam-era veterans who were released from military service with a as than honorable discharge. And like physical battle scan, such discharge can stay with the veteran hr life. mx awe svuzz *nx* macharp Upgrade Project (DIJP) is trying to chap that. "Our program is deigned to help means true this stigma from their military records," said Glenn Loony, UP student. Vietnam veteran mad coordInator hr the project. 'CoasIderlug today severe wnanpla~ment picture, a less than honorable disthap can down a versa In his uardt for work." Loony explained the are basically two kinds of military discharge: Honorable and In than hoimorable. qUK LUS JUAN honorable discharge can teak from either administrative action or a wet nW," Loony said. "The cost mmliii is. of cue, a trial, ad the adC i mmisrswe discharge can be ordered by the veto's own coennuading office, sometIme to save the mIlitary tIN expense of a court martial ad sometImes teens. the commanding officer just doesn't like the Ituddual hr mclii or political reams and wants Macut quickly," he said. Doe declined to renal fly his dbcharp was not ho nor a tie "Let's just sql was in a group of mime sailors who wanted out of the Navy. -matter what the cod, "One got a less than honorable discharge hr homosnual tendencies, one for AWOL sane for drup and alcohol, one for attempted suicide and one hr IIINIMp. 'IF YOU WANTED 01FF, you had to do something drastic. To even -the psychisrist. you had to rally mess younulf up. Thass what I did because I was going crazy with ih. system." said Dot. Do. said he considered the consequences but felt he had little choice. "I wanted out. I was dunking a half cm of Ripple every day.v.aoeduty.'hesaid. "I wasjmuttindofbeingoeeof Pavlov's Ap." ThE PIOGRAM has been successful in heipsag veterans upgrade to the honceable discharge status. *AboutM per cent of the veterans who seek our help succeed I. uppud.g if they -legal muse) and Brawl to WashlqtooD.C. to appear below a special review board" -a WCNXY Ci 39* WZD the pops is us a cold, impessuul barwaucrtl, pnun ha V amass vuerm. "We work with veterans a cue-toe. haM thnu passe and ecefidnial lntmM. We get to kno. the veteran by sac, act his .l.l numb." he said. DOE SAID he was net aware he mold change his as "I was sever told that I cccli upgrade. I should have beet I wasn't told." he said. Doe said he dccvii his hind of discharge but that discharge records shouldn't bitiw a person k the in of his life. Our pmgram Is designed to liMp ntsrmns .me. this stigma (a dlsha.iomble dlseheg.) tram their militwy .co'dt ConsUming todays even uneiii~loyiiiffiit picutro, a Ins tbaet hcewmbl. discharge can doom a veteran In his search for work -Glenn Looney "YOU 1NOV18 have the oppatunity to -or Ic. pay your debt, became -do chap, and the government should take this into MIOUDE" he said. Joe Dee was 21 whoa he was discharged. Despite his shah. Doe ha -. "l'mgsbgm ~emuccusful. this tiling. I'm m it because I ibluk I cam win. rm us aplast the pennmnt. 1~ fact when Iget my degree this summer I want to work for the penmeat. But I cant untie I get thi, thing behind." Doe said. HIASGO, pspnlmi of legal Mph and the fining out of couslus fuss face Doe hr the an a to nine mouths. "Iti all be worth It." he ediwith aimS. Botanist speaks on pot Florida State University botany palomar Dr. Liens Audese will -a lecture today entitled "bauijuana. kiaj and the Law." The lecture will be in room 137 of Moan Hell at 3~3) pa. The lecture is being -In coqmtlcn with W, Delay -S 

PAGE 19

Doc Watson, fly RDN DIGENAItO AUgatsr Cm.e p. ad. at Re may just possibly be the best acoustic guitar player in world. lie has slngie-handedly been responsible for ~ing the flat-top guitar from the obscure depths of epass wclcround. lie is the Segovia of country ken. He has been credited by Steve Stills, Neil Young Richie Furay as their primary source of influence and piratloti on the back of the "Buffalo Springfield Again' u.n. Ne is, unmistakably, the one and only Doe Watson ,oys and sorrc Hailing 1mm Deep Gap, North Carolina, where he Is reputed to have put that small city on the m.p via his country picking prowess. Doc Watson is the archetypal country mu~.cian; blind, straight out of Appalachia. a human relic of American traditions. Along with his son Merle and a ne back-up group called Frosty Morn, Doe Watson has been touring the United States mesmerizing audiences with his magic Linger~ everywhere from Johnson City Tennessee to the excitement of New York City. While largely ignored by the record buying public, Wai.ion's role ha~ he,., niainly a, an influence to Iws in song musicians .11 over the world, who have been known to listen to his records at 16 rpnVs. trying their best to copy the indomitable master of flat picking. But onstage, Watson and his group are able to win over even the most critical country music fanatics while at alt. same time appealing to even the youngest layman. "It gets to the soul or down to earth and it's not too hard to understand," he once said of his music. It expresses the joys and sorrows of people." Doe and Merle Watson will appear .t the Beef and Bottle's Entertainer Lounge this Friday and Saturday night. Shows are at &30 and 1100. All tickets are $3.50. The Independent Florida Alligator Th.nSq.Mql9, lfl~ P.g. IC BNTERTA~ NM ENT hat's behind those mustard windows? 33 SHARON ALFORI) ANuSStaff wa. Ins prepared to has my mind messed and niy morals -. MI I. the keddaty. of course. The aulgm.e lb. Adult Dock and Movie Store. What risky vat -bchlud those mustard colored 'dow? Then where Sylvester the Cat slyly gunned sat yalE? Whaididlue know that I didn't? IMBUE. was ft a Ask. dingy, dirty place with thick spets of dgaette .k. hanging in the air like LA. mog? Would there be ricks and racks of moth -eaten. inliva-stalned paperbacks with mysterious old men in town trench Web drooling over them? (flash. Mister?) I'd am Ihi out NIling open the don and throwing propriety out the rwdow. I innd the store. The first thing one am is an ample amount of space. be stare baa -hidden nen In .hict to get lost; not wthatmatteristhelljsingdlmmedforanonymity. So if D&TW thInking of Sinking in there unnoticed, you can wget It. THE 81033 Is bright. dean, carpeted and totally evoid of personality. flushed flat against the walls aft rows of cellophane ealed .igazlnes, MWbaCks and speclaity items. Sifting wkwardlyindecescrofthervomisalargewooden bin lied with -pqebacka. The store locks Ilk, the sort .1 place one would buy a UgSZlne far MaSerIf Mother was into bondage. The magazine title appear to match the action sermon music: electronic style Rsdswhy WI lLamA Kraftwerk, which is ftman for Snic -. .id 141 to thA mm. Weaday ni* Is. ~ the Ores teSha Ink Ha. However, the gflsp lIed to ma up to Ms fling of being cue of S p bands throughout hope. At then their tic IflSSQ ad ma rno~~, guaVa tt bw ass wee *nishi F a mud oteatyd by the Itersetlos At electric mms and pIaao~ yin. mb,, pbs., ad flute. Averagiug OW ten 'i-tm en. Sc ~ Ekeda find eSindy produced their shrill. forcefial style of electronic music with the song Kometen Melody. ConcentratIng on distorted taped voices and earth Shaking synthesizer. it brought the drowsy crowd bt to Its suits. The sparse crowd erupted as lCraftwerk broke Into their current hit sq Autchohn. Lasting almost half an hour. Autobolin was an example of fast -electronic music at Its bat. fl, screaming crowd brought Kraftwerk back hr two encores highlighted by a shorter veIns of Autobobti which captivated the crowd. However, it must be noted dIM abcs all crowds will apIaud to hear an escort -S the concert was -GbqpoIntlq as in this photographed on the coven. 'Cleavage." "Ass Man' and Spanking' are but a few of the wide assortment of titles to choose from at five bucks a throw. MUCH CAN be argued about pornography, but one thing is apparent: it is an expensive pastime. (Eves the cheap" paperbacks in the bin go fix two-to-three dollars.) Rebind the counter at the rear of the store, two male clerks are watching "Soul Train" on a portable TV. Brushing past the French Tickica. I saunter oVer to the counter and cop a look at the items displayed. Rubber phalluses. artificial vaginas, battery-operated vibrators. passion powders, prolong pills -you name it. they got it. 'So far, we've sold one of everything." a clerk tells nit. The people who buy this stuff aren't embarrassed. If they buy it. then they need it." WOKING OVER toward a curtained doorway beyond the counter. I ask if that is the way to the back room where the movies are show,,. It is indeed, and I -offered a tour. Upon entering, one goes from tacky flourescuit brightness to ghwy adolescent blacklight complete with suggestive posters. The rooci is divided Into nine plywood compartments for privacy. Each has its own movie projector and peep hole in which to view the screen. A quarter buys you approximately five minutes of a 35minute film. "That's how wt make our money.' the clerk says. "In order to see the whole film, you pita keep pumping the quarters in. THE FIVE minutes of film I viewed was initially incast. After the concert, Kraftwetk'5 electric piano player RoW hesitated to describe the group's music. Following several moments of thoughtfial silence, he coined the words "electronic rock" to describe their music. NE CON'flNUED by saying Kraftwttk "takes a lot of music from experience and the envlroainental sounds of the universe." Rot? said their music has bee well stocked by America auiimcet H. sighted the prwlous nlghCs urns in Miami where Swy whyS vail 6 8411. Even though bosh show, were corn bind became of due group's Ia abet the crowd we very saiL AU seats *en arIgluahly. Es WOMEN 0 zeresting. Wow, my first poam film, I thought. But after about a minute and a hair f watching two consenting adults perform fellatio, I became dIsinterested. Nov. could anyone p oil cc this? Th. lighting was bad; the direction noe-nlSa.t; and the act. unconvincing. I'll take a little romance with my pornography. if you plea. As I left the Adult Book and Movie Store -my mind and morals basically intact -the clerks were still glued to their TV sAw. And foe good swan. Elton John. looking like a left-ova leprechaun from. the St. Patrick's Day Parade, was boating the hell out of a phi-saw piano. And that certainly bedsore Mum upped than .12 the books, magazInes ad Urns Ig the entire store. 'waved but were switched to general admission beaus. of the ombundance of empty "St Ksft~t's ~t show was very dlsappolslag If not noumultat atu being billed asoneofthe best. It consisted of (but ads of green and purple floresceist lights alag with four small am signs with each musIcians am. aa~wc P W 1iy ~. Music I qua scads M univ. Hair Here fly SHARON ALFORD auger StE Wiser "H*~ Is back. The headway musical of the1 revolwinasy Sixties Is makhu the roads mm again. WhIch sly mdi prove that the play will be abed dry until the hippiee" generation applies for Men At aug rate, the play used to be a good piece of theater. Perhaps It still ii. Puha$ theyn enn updated It replacing .h. *4 worn cut refana to LBI. LW. ad 57? wIth went sewer spin like Watergate. Ford. and rebates, The Show will play the Great Southn Music 1W June I with two shows only. fl*eb -8150 and S and all seats must be I-. 

PAGE 20

F I, Less than honorable discharge hurts veteran's chance for lob; upgrade project trying to help Dy 30DM WAINflIGEF AU pie ShE Write Joe Doe, a UF senior and Via. veteran, was released from the sernce with a less than honorable discharge. Now. after five jean. Doe (lila real name a being withheld pending a legal review of his case) is trying to upgrade Ins discharge. DOE HAS ONE main reason for his efforts. "Job discrimination. I have penonally been discriminated against on the basis of my discharge. Doe said. "Whe, you go hr -interview with, say, a large corporation, they look at your DD 214 (a standard separation record the veteran keeps) to -what kind of discharge you received. If it wasn't honorable. they wait to know more and have you sign a release for them to gain am. to your permanent military records. "TnNrrsAcAsofemnnedifyoudo.nmnned ifycin don't. If ~cu don't give them the release, you don't get the job. If you do give it. they learn the details of your discharge and you still don't get the job." he said. Uke ice, there are approximately 500,000 Vietnam-era veterans who wee released front military service with a ten than honorable discharge. And like physical battle scan, such discharge can day with the veteran for lit. ThE GAl MIS YULE AREA Diuduurge Upgrade Project (DUP) is trying to change that. "Our program is deigned to help veterans am this stigma from their military records," said Glens Looney, UF student. Vietnam veteran and cosdluatov hr the project. ConsIderIng today's son nauplopuent picture, a less than honorable discharge can doom a veteran in his search hr wet." Loony explained dust an basically two kinds of military discharge: HoucraNe and lea than honorable. "THE LISa TEAM bearable diahaigs can result frau either admInIstratIve attics or a court mania!." looney said. "The coat martIal Is, of comae, a trial, and the ad. mmbtrative discharge can be ordered by the veteran's own conumnding officer. sometime to saw the military the expense of a court martial and sometimes because the commanding officer -doam't like the individual hr racial or political reasons and want. him out quickly." he said. Doe declined to renal why his discharge was not ho a or a hi. "Let's just sayl was in a group of nine sailors who wanted out of the Navy, no matter what the cost. "One got a as than honorable discharge hr homosexual tendencies, one for AWOL some hr drugs and alcohol. one for attempted suicide and one hr hardsi4 "IF YOU WARRED 01FF, you had to do something drastic. To eves see the psydulatrlst. you had to rally yourself up. ThaCs what I did became I was going crazy with the system." said Doe. Doe said he considered the consequences. but felt he had little choice. "I wanted out. I was drinking a half case of Ripple every day, even on dint7." he said. I was just tired of being one of Pavlov's dogs." IRE PROGRAM ha been successful in helping same veterans upgrade to the honwable discharge status. "About Bps cent of the vetwamw who .k our help succeed l~ upgrading if they use legal tassel and travel to WashlngtosD.C. to appear bets a special review bond." -said. LOONIT ZUlU *83 ED the psupant is not a void, impasnal bureanasic program for Vietum veterans. 'We eat with veterans -a oeetoone bela through pasonal and confldentlal jadews. We get to know the veteran by name, not his serial number." he said. DOE SAID he was us swan he tumid change his status. "I was never told that I could upgrade. I ubould have been. I wait tohd.' be said. Doe said he deserved his kind of discharge but that discharge records shouldn't Ml. a pawn for the VS of his lit "Go, pmgram Iadseiguisd to help vetoma swum this sigma (a dlehmtcemble isthmus) from their mlllIoy records. Cowuldedno today's sewn. unenipioymefit picutre, a iou than hanemble discharge can doom a vebran In his search lot WOIIL -Glenn haney "YOU SUOIILD have the opportunity to more or less pay your debt .because -do chases. and the government should take this into amauat." he said. ice Doe was 21 who he was discharged. Despite his sitoatlom. Doe has -. 'l'inrhgtoesuccessfialin this thing. I'm in It because I think I cm win. i'm not aplat the government. I. fact when I pa my degree this swains Inst to work for the soursnient. But I can't unless I get this thing behind me." Doe said. MEABDEGS, piperS of legal heist and the Ailing out of countless hems he. Doe hr the net sit to nine macthe. "Ifllaflbewonbft."besidwhbasufle. Botanist speaks on pot Florida State Univelty botany profrmor Dr. Laws. A.deuion will -a lecture today entitled "Maria. Botany and the Law." The lecture will b. ire roan 337 of Norman Hail at 3:3 p.m. The lecture Is being -In cooperatIon with UP. NSa.1 -at ~r 11Th. bd*p.fid*.l$ R.M. Amiga., lh.aS.y. M~ 2t Ins e 

PAGE 21

Doc Watson: Dy RON DIGENARO AhIgna. Com.p.e&m He may just possibly be the best acoustic guitar player in world. He has singlehandedly beefl responsible for cwng the flat-top guitar from the obscure depths of grass backuvufid. He is the Segovia of country kers. He has been credited by Steve Stills, Neil Yoting I Richie Furay as their primary source of influence and pirationontbebackofthe "Buffalo Springfield Again' urn. ~e is, unmistakably, the one and only Doe Watson. iovs and sorrc Hailing trom Dtep Gap. North Carolina. where he is reputed to have put that small city on the map via his country pick,,,' prowess. Doe Watson is the archetypal country musician, blind, straight out of Appalachia, a human relic of American traditions. Along with his son Merle and a new back-gp group called Frosty Morn, floe Watson has been touring the United Slates mesmerizing audiences with his magic Linger~ everywhere from Johnson City Tennessee to the excitement of New York City. While largely ignored by the record buying public, Watson, role has beer mainly as an influence to 'ws in song musicians all over the world, who han been known to listen to his records at 16 rpm's. trying their best to copy the indomitable master of flat picking. But onstage. Watson and his group are tie to win over even the most critical country music fanatics while at the same time appealing to even the youngest layman. It sets to the soul or down to earth and it's not too bard to understand.' he once said of his music. "It expresses the joys and sorrows of people.' Doe and Merle Watson will appear at the Beef and Bottles Entertainer Lounge this Friday and Saturday night. Shows are at 8:30 and II :~). All tickets are $3.50. The Independent Florida Alligator lhsndq. Mey 19. 19Th. Peg. 19 ENTERTA~ NM ENT Dy SHARON ALFORD Aflpbr Staff was Iwas prepared to Mummy mind mused and my morals berupted. All in S. Mae .1 duty. of cmne. The aulpmt the Adult Dock and Movie Store. What awdy tint -behind those mustard colored windows? The -when Sylvester the Cat slyly grinned stat you? What did he kno, that I didn't? INSEt. was it .dat. ding, ditty place with thick yen of cigawite muck. hanging in the air like LA. smog? Would there be racks and racks of moth-eaten. diva-stained paperbacks with mysterious old melt in ron treudi coats drooling over them? (flash, Mister?) I'd soon find out. Pufling open the door and throwing propriety out the Indow, I catted the sore. The first duing one sea is an ample amount of space. he store has no hidden cornea in which to get lost; not wthatmattwhtheligstlngdhumedforanonymity. So if ~iCre thinking of slinking in there unnoticed, you can writ. TUB SF033 Is bright, dean, carpeted and totally mid of pamsuallty. Flushed flat against the walls are rows of cellophane al.d magazines, paperbacks and specialty items. Sifting inwardly in the case of the worn is a large wooden bin Ned with 6eap paperbacks. The store looks It. the mart of place one would buy a 'again. hr Mother -If Mother was into bondage. The marine titles appear to match the action photographed on the covers. 'cleavap," "Ass Man" and Spanking are huts few of the wide assortment of title to choose from at five bucks a throw. MUCH CAN be argued about pornography, but one thing is apparent: it is an expensive pastime. (Even the "cheap" paperbacks iii the bin go for two-to-three dollars.) Behind the counter at the rear of the store, two male clerks are watching "Soul Train" on a portable TV. Brushing past the French Tickles, I saunter over to the counter and cop a look at the items displayed. Rubber phalluses, artificial vaginas, battery-operated vibrators, passion powders, prolong pills -you name it, they got it. 'So far, we've sold one of everything," a clerk tells me. "The people who buy this stuff aren't embarrassed. If they buy it. then they need it.' LOOKING OVER toward a curtained doorway beyond the counter. I ask if that is the way to the back mom where the movies are shown. It is indeed, and I -offered a tour. Upon entering. one goes from tacky flouresceuut brightness to glowy adolescent blacklight complete with suggestive posters. The room is divided into nine plywood compartments fix privacy. Each has Its own movie projector and peep hole iii which to view the screal. A quarter buys you approximately five minutes of a 35minute film. 'That's how we make our money," the clerk says "lii order to se. the whole film, you gota keep pumping the quarters In." THE FIVE minutes of film I viewed was initially in* 1. S WOMW afl by g.M aerating. Wow, my fiat porno 11kw. I thought. Rut after about a minute and a half of watching two consenting adults perform fellatio, I became dIsInterested. how could anyone get off -tAils? The lighting was had: the direction non-exIstent; and di. actors unconvIncing. I'll take a little romance with my pornography. if you please. As I left the Adult Book and Mane Store -my mind and morals basically intact -the diets were still glued to their TV tow. And hr good rem. Stan John. looking like a left-ow leprechaun ftc. the St. Patrick's Day Parade, was beating the hail out cia phi-glas piano. And that certainly bedsore bimam appeal that all the books. magaula. ad filmi in the estAte store. ~erman music: IIectronic style Revlswhy WI ftOinA Krsftwerk. which I. emma Ix sheath plant. red up t tha flday nutt Is S. due Ursa huh. kale Nd. However. ha pdmp died to mese up to Ni Dung of bobg ES. ip bands throughout mpt At them ** tic a .uSiy as it moms6u. ~ wuuVp bt by up w, tufluhd a a aa* ~UIId cheepS by the uteractIon at alsitule rums and -3fr the. -. Averaging s's we ibtutes tat, Scamp belied a flu, of cosheky S buS the 1. KIAflWU43 Iatraduced their shrill, Ibicefti style of electronic music with the song Komneten Melody. Concentrating on distorted taped voices and earth shaking synthesizer. it brought the drowsy crowd back to its sesna The sparse crowd erupted as Kraftwerk brett Into their current hit wag Autotolmn. Lasting almost half an hour. Asobobs ass example of hut -electronic male at Its best. The screaming crowd bauglit Kraftwerk back for two encores hwdhulted by a shone virsias of Autobohn which captivated the crowd. Ik.wvM, Ii must be noted S'S about all crowds will a~Iaad to harms encore @~ if the conan was 4&saPpoIutIIIF as In this -pin Music from sounds S universe cast. After the concert, Kraftwerk's electric piano pl.)wr Roif hesitated to describe the group's music. Following several moments of thoughtM silent, he coined the words "electroule rock" to descdb their music. HE CONTINUED by saying Kraftwerk "takes a lot of music froni experieluce and the environmeutal sounds of the .9 wulyse. Rod said their music has baa well awaked by American auSmn H. sighted the peel.:. night's ccst I. Miami where dpy lisped until 6 a.m. Eves thaeg~u bSIu show. wilt corn thed became .1 the poop's IS. adval. the crowd we w~ meal. AiR seat. *ew. *rIgImaMy. I reserved but were switched to general admission because of the overabundance of empty sea Kraftwsrfl light show was very dbappolatlag if not nosezided alt being bllledaosuoithebest. It consisted of four sets of green and purple florescet lights along with four mall eeoc sips with each musidass's sum. Hair Here Dy SHARON ALFORD A~*w Staff Writer "H~ Is back. flue Sashay musical of the rev#lutlwmuy Sixties Is making the rounds once .l~. Which .* cooS wove that the -tIE b. sited dry until the "hlpple" generation applies for Mae. At ag rate, the play used to be a pod piece of theta., Patups it still Is. Perhaps Seyve em updated it replacing ~he tired. -cot retrace to LBS. LW. and SW with worn. new Spit' like Watergate. Ford. and rebtet The .9. will play the Great Southn Music Hal June I with two shows only. rae -aLso as a seats must be ,. b. bs**t hat's behind those mustard windows? 

PAGE 22

fl S. hd.pmntes ReM. FOR SALE Wedding a'as S lfl5.gren~ Rings troditionof or Ccn.nwo.n.y deui0rs o~ your choice Handmade for Individual, *ho wail 'he bat Original work b~ South's Leading MIS, Mat. Gold Snilh and lopidist UncondjtJoncl Guorontee OZZIE B, ofeun.n,.os only 373-3& -49l-tW-p) Minolta camera equipment good condItIon. IC) body 5)25 102 body 5)73 28nm$gOIWrnrn$qOSOnmn, 550WW raiser complete. kitchen & furn .let9. three ol, coiidnu.ned ovoilob~e Jun. IS ing 525W see,. ap.cla call D2-~S (a-b-IS-,) seas mauol typewrIter $30, flu.esc.n1 able henp 510, keySo.,e 'niomatic camera rw $15 coil 392-?Sfl(a-S 141-p) 3 Ton dtio*permn aIr cond split tytt.n $250 coS, firm M6 3)09 oft. S pri (o-~lA4~) wedding dress beoutilully hand deejaned sir. 2 no 'eeenoble .0. 'steed WWS oft. AX le~&.lC~p A~ga. UwwSq, ~y is. IY& FOR SALE CW~TVJNI!Y $O LI OfF IW4OYEE$ The Conpgs ~ederal Credit Union will fmnant. your real estot. purthose L'~ to $2V.~ L ga thaw you hoyt his car, benefIt yen in buying p.oerles Now is th. 'in,* to buy trial ocreag. waterfront, or lion,. Coil adoy Wayne Man & C0 Realtor $09 NW *1, Ave SniteA-l MeneW-fl (a-a-IC-p) sellIng out 5 c. everything mist refnigereto. $2500 cc 3000 n.e. 25 crib 20~ @nt' bed ~0 5 bede 200 tables 500 2614 hi IS a. 372-3269 *crgoin World (o-S-lAIpl 12.723 k6~' 2 tornv.let. baths mobil. home on aol deap well c.llar net conipIceel, utIlIty sh.d located I block from achoels Iv, Newberry Call 472-2670 b.iww 130$ 12 ~pn, So. nor, info Il VW bug, n bug. ow mileage, .xc.llent fret-tape stereo new inapa$ofl shy hjue. einv loan 5)200 toll pMce setting dlna plus .flhos for both becky Sn-C?". 372-20)3 (o-S-I4I-p~ FOR SALE '2 I Z ~5 m.b4ie hem. 3b. control or Coil .vrlnp 373-9143 Assume 5*03 poyn,.nl or flfCtiO* oth., mm. up ii' ~I~ate ~o-S'-lA3-p~ 9?2 lZxOm.bSle hem. excell cord woc tsp livIng kl~ch, ratIo. 'oaf to ho sold ~ aug call of,. SOC Of 313-am a.*.l43-~ SCISA tank u a. dive. 7) 2 cublc olumnun, k valve brood new 2 weekS olinever used $120c.H 377-0125 (.~. l43.p} Lee Paul Deluxe 5350 or bet offer floeI.cendltlenmug see' flu. selill 373.441 nrc, e-&-Ie-,) F~, Sale. P.nd. Sftelocet. and Ce. is. Fender Char,,p w.,p 515 Vol., Ciceelcol GuIin and Coee IS Call Jfl. (@-54-14} GWTM GIBSON J CASE EXCUINI $199 1971 ?OY0~A CCflLA Iwo-dee. 3,6-Ct aftr 3.00 (a-b-ICe) 02 honda A cylInder exceHent tend low mileage nCy ejitms SIWO or bet offee call p3-48CM,. Sr FM ~.i4.) 74 c K.wo.Q cove., 2$'.lmrs $900 neva. topped 313-SCG befois 2.,. (a. Sktdive equIp 26 lope + cool -$125 23 Mv. + con, -560 hoots-$25 helmet-SIC odac tennis ocI'e mt 5.11 call Aeb W-891' (o-a-Ie-o) folcen-.chal-53I *g fran,. --potelnoll' -uglno n,~ty Camps cwk -weinmon turks ole,,. S pedals heir, barn $165 roll 373-9fl wyllm. .4-I '3-a) plan. k.~ car on,-fni ter.o cafle 2 ense. CooRoll paid $225 bet reawn&l. off., call Rex a, 312 2)95 cAt, 5 (a-S-tAlc,) Suzuki IS US 2200 ml Hodak. Its iS ml a each ale 3 bIke tr.lItr "94 wlfli elfin bike fOf IN its money call Mw 375.6576 (~29 IS 9) kIgM IN wW r.c.lver wd pair ar-Ax 39k', 5165. -, Win b#w N $25. ester I.um.,te. gull., Cue $15. t41 fled 5-S pni 374 29 (a-St 149) Rare Orlentel Therlomorphic Fete 15W carry ~Ill.ge 254-4 (a ~ 145-9) foe SI.: SmIft, Core. portable typewrIte, good conditIon. Mae oHm Call 373-740 (a-il-ISp) W~C' DRAWING TABLE and varIoa Mite euppIle. for -112 s.d -'13 atIng W CO make a offw call 31ev. 378-484. 29-l45-p) dl.wwv IS. ne-vat undS2S.Qb free 3 gerbIl, *4* Cage aqoarIw" '0 flit. ft .v.rythlsig $5.0 girls Sen bIke 53.00 babyt crIb 113.00 WW tefltt *VW WMbS SINS Mt Create, SM wilt, mirror 140.00 2 kdcc.ae 7.00 ca. black ptrt.~ calf. ISe $30052 tube Cl stained caaeln celets CBS eat, ian nw Alit an. 4.1$-is.) PM Sal.: 103 kawaskI 9 11 Endufe *19*, IMSI ExcMhS Cattitltn, well liMit car. e4 593.65. LW. ftv $115.65 (nfletl&de) Call seA ftv Steve fa-31-l4-p) tube talk u dIvers 71.2 cu ft ciuetlwayi I-vaIn 75. honda 2U Kwh fly Sand, Sealed bwn. tune-up P.*CSI mite 373-S24 if tee dpi, (.81-14.) flee Mctolci SOb d-cftb,*el nc--US. retail ISMUs litton. US It 5123: MMWWI 25134165. N. w-wrvw. JaM 378-9192 (*9-IMp) nfl vase. :25 ease ease, 603 mniu anytime. (*3443) POE lENT hmoJe comas. needed swns,,er q,.er*n.Zbetoe.op.fl+' a --free all -N'us b#Id.) UCAWI WAiS P0 3 St. heu. -ey Own vets ItS a. ML WRitS POtS. cell PlEAt AS. '.44.) MAO MO 0101 -r I. Bewe -iwel SNrqbeine aS .snOIy. NODS way aSh. nfl -SIAn 4 t ft. ~wva. e~se summer!tQFn, RENT in house 2 51k. .o~ tow School Gin. bnI PS (~ b~ N.gou'obl. Fumleed move in its,. 5 3fl-491 ~len.y lb S-Id-c) ,ubl.ing our cord two b.* -close to cancus P74899 (blO-Id-.) or en, wmmw quarter gOgeOU. urnished oo'tmenl Pr, pepulo. Hocl.cn Vdlog. at a lew iliccuiM rate coil 3134915., corn. to ~ 325 (b'SAF! SJJAWE ft ~@ 3b*n~e.d central cc I block Item cyos SIdOe. mon4' + utihtle. Colt 373.400 6.5's-.) ROCAIS, $~jA~ft Purr cc uqllklee Inc1 carpeted meld-lInen mnvin I back from co,,.pu. some tsar. kkchec. $70o $~3 pee mnenel, Col 373-400 of con,, by 1319 IA'I 2 Ave b-S-l~.) ALt MMS S&AS4OI (Specual Summer ieee) 51CC 'a II 25 MO All unIts 2 Iu.n.shei with o" Luxury feaLnO5 A.aulable ft. lea. *hrout Aug 31.1 Aol,'. View ~tcbll. Villog. 371-4411 Sfl-324 Avoil&l. 0 new ,.ronIs onlyl b-5 l6-p~ for rent 2 be-I bath fully ftwnhed house fo, I,. summer very good action rojI 3fl-2546h foe dote teha Cyt, 0'i 'e SIN a noAI$ (b-S-lit0) Jun. Reai Freel Sublet HawaiI.,, vii 2 bd 2 bad, op. and beat il,* I.e oveil un. I3 coIl 3fl4295 avis 04 52W p.r nonSi b.5.-ldl-p~ 5uk~e o. wnmin 3 bet.n hoa I block behind I*rn.on Nail Mice yen. AC, p.s. ok $215 monthly include. v.a 373.9e96 (b.51-141-.l Female roommate n.ed.d for aulylme. to share beta.". in Iwo b.&o.m apes kosdywin. 14Cm. + 4 utlI cc peel Ccli ?t,,, S 311-5546 (b-).Ito) iceiris rent very 'lee. 0 1 CIte wIll ,$an'cec.45. all cenven.eqcee nIce yard odee need pet tIme help earning June I Call 3flW (b-~-lM~o) FenaI. 'corns. neded Ice sum.er a d.o.e be*oorn in two beeo.n ape Brandyw.,. MO no + % utli cc. pool Call Dcl. a 373-5546 (b~~lM~} Ig cool furn I ben. In quiet com~he. nea of sublet Jun-Aug $125 macall 3fl0253 eve 'lieu -oft.' 5-393,19156 day or eve (6* lM-e) Lege 'cern f ci 'sIt near csn#us I a. summer .n luxury trailer on paon 65 ceL.1e 00 CCII Carl P6-SO (b-S. l~~t Great deal Mellow erscn own roan, in 2 b house behind l*anoc, Hall or to re.ii house in loll '500 per mon i util avail Jun I 312-9704 (b-~.lAd-t) Suijease Cavity Garden -June refit ft. with oplen to vent foe fell I bSom fuiniahed. diabwmh near med cent.' 3724W V3-~U (b-aor.e or we mole or fewneje to tat 3 hr opt $48 PrIvet. rot. p4w share ,All~l.s close 1103 SW. ).d Awe, Cdl fl97e @14. 4W -(b.S.144.) lNep. ACnCIIWMW l9hLn$150 Pw.Sed Cell 372-97* alger *CO p. ~-S-ld44) Mo~lle Metne. 2 ~, 1wn. air. Summer discount *123 Fell 540 AvaiI*I. Jut's 5. Plriehuras le 26 312WO lb-&l44-.) sa I hr war qe ~4 block free. Ilpe ICC-in no pt.en. 1212fl INS Ave derrieto. (b-b-IC.) Pewa -*,ee -hOrn peelsi. opt 'or u.nw, U 3 pIus Ii 'llklaepIen te -ft, toil. leedm.k qit sell WI. nfl (fl-iS.) SiMS 2 ~ op. Ices. ~n IS S n; SIN a. Sr. 3 hIS. *eeh C9 t .eS site pleto live cell fl4Wlb.I4I4I 2 gereen, b he .e.e. -~e Ig~rnbtapwbSh.h.SSa ep be soon cdl h$4 hr dab bb. '4).) NUW@ CSIPAM1IL stole -a be h.2 .1 FOR RENT 3 bedroom luxury 4 oveilabie Line S fusished, pool dishwasher a', country tillege $273 pee month includes won' Q roll 3774634 (b-S-IC.) need 2-3 peo~e to sublee op ft. .umm.' furnished cc, 3 bIks behInd rcrffon it",. ann $130 ul-oug 4All coIl sn-fIB Or 3n-i021 hvnyl (1-s434) sublet one be*np. townhouse close Ho con.pusawellebiO liii. I 35 per V&47 (b-a-lOb) neet and cleat. fernoje 'comets needed summer quote. owfl 'eon, in .aclous two S.y house in she ~4 sedan call evenIng 3fl-G (b-l4.p) I bOrn opt. suble. ovoslob4e June 5 5145 pee tiC, fred.rlck erdei,. apfl Op~octepdck up foil loceeColl 377-C3 0~ Act mer.in (6-4)45-a) in~ut fwieMd trodle. ft. sumney 'en. a-c, dIshwasher. tepee. bike to con~st, 390 -vet, ulti 374-1296 (h-S-id-) 2? 'eemmt wanted Howilar, Yillae Ar Ne *5) coIl 313005 S. Information. (1-55-1434) subit ~. townhouse hfr.o~0' ~111ar unfinished, 2 beth cool 372-103 (bla-IC.) FIMAU roommate needed to share 'eon, in beautIful olsde $owfnon Vil otw-rS Sudenle te lng ro I $57 me 342-2)14 rIte 373.066 bS.1414) Sublet So. summer 2 hr unfwr, 094 June rent 4. 51W,,,. 3?I.91U (b-S-Id?~) --.~a -FOR RENT M0 tHIS Moving onytinie betwee.~ No" Sep. Lee us rent your house ow -01 nO cot ~ *j f. As. Inc heM. 377-$92 (b-f!I4$P) clean liberal feijiole rornme summer ~uate own roOrm '3 i,,OOth + .4 utilltle 4 Necks from" cOinp, coIl 3,7. 1579 Ask it' Penny )b-)-)4-,i LuxofIous 2 be*efl'. 2 ~, or subjet Ju*'* It T.rni* cewli. p.eJ. baskefbafi 5 mir~ f!fl cemv. Will lewef rent Ig, *wnver Call 27*-USO anytIme (b-.-144) Sublet hun. 13-atig. 311 hOn. op. Au. a', quiet. laltofIletS, C*.*e by. *4) 3st Redwoodep No MSIISm. option for faIl b-S-ICe) ,u&wa sIan July II It close. med center & carput ~rvunlt house aps -5153 cell 37)4)4 (1-4-140) I -ut female roetnette wooed fee sum,,,. and or tell quarter suenniA house 00* near med ten,. *urnld' cdl Conn 377-SC after 4 b4.l4.) For rent 2 b*m one bt cc cape. Die,wmMr beginnIng June flit coO 377U2 51W per vnon*, tb-S-hi-.) JU'4 MN? MU Sublet 2 b*' api PUNCH GUARIUR 1 ba0'. central cc. no dogs now. 6-IS coil 378-4200 aft. 2 30 f, info (b-5-141-0j Sut~.s 9. sumn.er 259 Stow" I Heuse Apis Behind Mod (ate. CaN 371.3413 (b-S-tAt-gE _________ *POa S a -I-Ia-.-'-' Hr rnan21 1 i OST a. flU -SMC A flL miner I 1:11 915 7S us n a a At 

PAGE 23

FOR RENT j$~k*O ~.e Ie*oOm al~ Ar 2 bomS0i*~ ic $145o niontI. I June 16 Anewood Aj No 62 P7W Up.n (b-)-ld3-~) iou. n.e*d, tublee Ibdrn n 2 bdn not. -demO, own roost, don to call 375.5443 0.AvOiI Jun. I I~wodlou, Villog. on S ,Mw*4d1nd $164 pm Call WSS h.n I-S p., (b I -~a-**S I Wv qe .~MeI Itt. III liii "P ** foil .,OLSV.dwSltamofl* p4t. 03 .At S h.w.dyu'lne (b-a-I 43~ it, S'14Ss. Ieee. ovit into full, -. S. -~lon to tiE 1141 -4 en. VS-ISIA -. 6Wh1fl CS m4s3 ,~. 4.db 4.) I 0 inS --houset flhrnpwa.S k. kifwog F" -* hr. Mel &*ie. ySle. a A b44 941 ~T tL *td -kits, ~~,~1aak--.p. 'a law ~~~~iiie ~I5s $1 r~m *4dl fl-a. FOR RENT AVAIL NOW K JuNe FNFEI to 1*iste large bedroom in Gator wood br apt thru august lowered ratet cell 315975! (b St 45 pi DUPLEX BEHIND NORMAN MALL OWli ROOM CALL 3784958 Ol 37S9190 (bit lASp) Iwo. for rent ,Jmm.r only 2 bedroom, turnists air conditioned I bloc Iron, law School refit 'U Pu. monfiu call 372,7Th b-3t-~45p) newly r.nod.led 2 bdtiut apt, waclous wd ~ilqu. air con. '75 Include. hot w.I., lit, Ian and security. -pet. or childr., 375 illS (b-3#-l*pl CofiuIo.labl. -. bedroom apartInS 2 blocks trout. ct.pos for 5MIYIEfle. rSflt $110.00 call judy 3732410 porslstatly and till -. ani 143-el I b*m in S bern hoot. avalla. Jwto IS Ju.,. rent free coed sin. 4 blocks to uf S67m+t-3+d~ ma.v Swe 193 NW S eve lb 2-I*pl l'eebflom furmlswd apt I. sublet flg nfl S apt ion to km In y. SrMdVMn. api. Call WHiM site, Swill "ergal. UrnE-I*p) hr Ifrr ltd non get hess in-tt. wit wnlSad call 3714)0 fbI. sM. end flee Inwia available Sw. IS (b-3~ 'at' vconsa. wanted for own .~oms in -OCIWt M~flO U mlii ad tsar. .jtl4mes call -317-5497 (b*I45p1 1St fun apt, act. sublet. Walks th.I. UP. Avail Aise IS. Sill ,,mr. fall opt ItS SW S Ave 34 olurIwla AW morn lb-SF i.e I ~nna aiod ivalleble U rum ha I b*. teds 4, S *4 %b am tsar cwtgus UI kbflkq (b-*IdS1) 'mu n-J CHARLES mu sic aces 8RONSC ROBERT OUVALL b w 'a -mude~ MimiC ta -u U "St. PC a 'a lIt. InMpcrd.S Raid. Sgat. Thsnd.y, -U. IWI 9*fl FOR RENT Roommate wanted Share one bedroom SpSrtmes~t startIng In Fell close to campus Very r.flonable Must be clean and quiet call ifl 5075 b ~ Sublet 2 br tbath Gatorwood, apt 102 tornhlihed Carpeted ac JVbilSble June I Rent reduced to 2t~ mo Call Ira at 3fl-25'I -377 $491 (bStIdSp) Avail Fall!! 'over SO brand net fall llsflngsh! a small deosIt will hold" H aIres Mr SW sect bike UF 4 bdr SE Sect pets OK Mr 2 blks 1W low rent Sbdr NEpetbOKI! tdr NW. BarSQ, patIo 2 b& 2 avaIl. NW Sect 2 Mr Bike 1W, Pets OK Apti 16$ walk to 1W SIlO No utility bill NW sect 2 be avial SW Sect I Mr 3 avail NW sect I Mr S avail NW sect I Mr A avail NE sect. 2 b& 6 avaIl SE sect UnIts Real Estate Ajac. Inc. Broits.lI3NEl6tt.Av. 377-092 (b-fr145-PP 2 temalts wanted for Otbil b*m In place apt. NAp.' ma ttteu sopt 313-3640 -376-ta anytime. (b-ItI 45-p 3 ronwnd. Own rat,, Il~ 3 SR Iwo. W.Ik to UP. 146 + I-) UtIlItlit MO lease. 377-453 (b-U'45-N sublease 2 rio.,,. Sue pace apis. thIs mummer foe ma niciw?. api III 'A' bldg. by R.e~S. call marlin jeff S 372439 (b-2t-I45-p) free iv set to fret pews Us subbis lutvry WbflO.ftt 1w. badywtw. vSleble lame II hr summer call 374-fl 'good wily I people (b.2t-Y4S-pI SuNS 2 br luxury apt SIN. p. wnotttt evaUS Immedlajy all fl-139 nina. Wi. No.54 Ib0-1GM Ira always HAPPENING S TIff PLACE HURRY, remit available lee ewnntt -MO cii Tim S lINdE AC. SHAG, eel (bit-lAb Pt istletas I b*. mm guSt 15* VO + flfl lute IC-ass I PEtIT MEGOTIASLE call 377-940 (b-if-tat' ImpS b api male." Wnufl IS-c. a -Is It~d. desperatehot of.' fill, (WrIt'43-93 Fcr s.,,,mer US I w2 lanaI. ,oonato(s3 by VA IWOPItS 596. 'nell. + utlIltie cewitry gr detiscall 373-5482 I.eoe bernIe ItSI 145-PI House for rent; 3 b*mS In 4 bSni hootS; AC, lIvIng met *-EflplaCO, land y.t garage Only SWIMS to cafls, Avail 4w,. IS 317-jUl (6 2?tOp) Larue 2-teflon' house icr malt me, rwt. Two blocks from Lilorn wet. Call VI'73d. (b-It-)4-3 rental' needed can We male fotnle I. V.,. Item boos. wit,, Ilberel liwatro .$ brodeatIng majors call 272-3175 alter o,,. 1319 nw 'II' St. (b-St-Id-OP Large Room For Rent 12 by 141? In nice Iwo. by mall move In may I take switIttef avid r fall "I,,. furniture 70+1-3 utlIltI. Calf 3166576 (b-It 145-RI WANTED Ilbaul m. qtw ii, alms gedensoll sn-I fur Mon -eric dIe. SW keep tine (c.544141 ubaci hepmeSe Female V. Awe m4lot.ornodmlnes +~nk.vS Ii Si. Aqiddle WI-Nil (c-S-Id! pp fnSe roem9 n.%tPinW S qualm -hwc, ~w hal. be psbnd CS i. WA tt 141 -J -.a IS a. w t-g a b~ ---y --msSfl Icalid 2 reownss -Awe 3 he*oo. boise cllOtpSfOISd&W" + i-3M sE-cd 15454 V*o .weSW. -baeA An 1044141 hr~* -saSS ta We -* V. ANMfoe~ Cd SUES (c-a14.) S. mISs. -and -~' hiS hh.3kSbtVO~P~ i.e O.~ boned. -spa ~ *wt -WI.a.winle.gesb**%ZhdiSt -frafief AC daliwedia -. ieee -,.s inw.uestP~ V. salMon bee ha' WSS (cJNSPM WANTED country gardens apt cell victoria 373-US', after I (c-It 1t45p) WANTED ELECTftIC SASS to en~ On Negotlabt. Call Dnld, evwulng 3,15497 Ala wools, ious musicians' (C St Id-pt Ned N' roajimate. hr fall .0 share ma.t.r bedroom in 3 bedrock' Oak Pores AartmeS Sliding glas, door at,?. b.Icwty plus walk-In ciosat end private bathr.m S.a.jtltull $70 p.r person Call So. P2773 (c-St '45 p3 ftoootnat. for minnie quarter Own room In luNvey .perflt.vit. Ul 25 + hell utIlItIes. renewable lne. 373.41 6 camelot apis No. 204 (c St '45-PP 2 ROOMMATES In fall. Get.' woed. CIIA. IW&flMiSt. lieu 9* camp. 565-a + ~A utCall JoanneW-CW stytIm. (c-2t-145pp Single student or coqe waited for large room wilt Ilrfl~C In fur nitod Itoute. Sf11, laW IS pets welcome POp.,. call Arm 217-UP c-ifI 45-p 3 IMPORTANTI pogl. needs to sublet lbduu apt, In The Pitt.,, we Will .tcflt AMY OPPSRS, Wry dw4~y cell tSr 3:3 P7-iS (c PR Fea.ele ftmeto needed fec flautliul HawaIIan Village Apt IWIIIW fall Quart.' Cdl ad 0* fec KM (ct-We) WANTED I 2 o, 3 ,o4. to rnuS. wwtry village api for rnummw own I; .com. ac furn. pool, low .A'lilIm, ,qt negc6obl. coil 373-ZQO a. 3774342 (c-~-ld3~) june r hmal Penol. ,oc.nene(s) for 2 b.*oo.,, urni~,.d SnnwW Mourn. N.e Sond.-VA Available June IS r.o.oootle call Connie fl-lfl (c-sH$oI for apt? aludent need festal. ,,wm. (cr2 if wonflo shore roe.n)t. liv. in3 hr house beAiu.dttrnm Na h.vm 311~92 or P3-WA c-S-lOt) loolmig for bcom Setting full ~, Cm O~ orec or how. -qI do. go Conw.nEnVS-45I*og.,5 c-)-13p1 wcn,.d irooniow'ot.rslbopt for Iuiwnw quint. a we roe. wo*-& ye. dld.woeh. ce.tol ofr. ~al., Ien.,Is, b.* to.dootcall V745l0.ww (c-&-Ig~l Re~ntItle f.m.'. seekIng -2 hr teas or frolic. to k.p gad .of in exduano for remmotie rat Tho~ ci aoeqe. S7W'I or 4*17W (c-IC~ Boy and w, -I too I Avall ale nv$ Froeawr'.i.nroemn ec Pt -. 4 I-S WiIhMe -s.io, or -t'at. AOwIie fl4167 Ic-4-lC.I 7. henSe wand -S. I of 2 bet.'. S .n.w.h h. em t.ai&~ -. *., 6-IL SU+uuIlM. Suite 3914U1 ~ Wa In.) WANTED ENjOY IV1C NIt SJMMIA Mole siudene rad.d o. ~ living own bedroom Caurdry Villoge Apt' cull fl 9082 Chl (c-~-l44j 'mol, grad tudefil neA place a ol~ quator only P.4., ot.' room Call V7-4S~ .nnirqo. Ic-&-14*) Feomol. No~.d.d to Its eve s~nwtw learns ~ace Ape SO de@fl l6&Wc rnol, ccli sn-al, dire. time (c-sla-Fl p.srol. tc.wn0. Sete, Su.nme. 51W to ultore 2 bdm. 2 teA ~ I. b@n&ywjne MA? o$nr 0' wla compurn, Lynn 392-CU l~--I44*) ,ocr'rne wend mn.ne only 2 NIt. from (if V.v nIa. -pet l~, owl' Fm $55 mc. A *ii, wr W.c. lien c.ws 4-Iiongiif ~cdIcSwc373.4Vb 0 S.rvl et 392494 (C.*-4 44-cl 525 ---wOw 0*. -find A. place a. ,nt Ca#o Ow I. 2 b.*m h.u. *i# S -('iS In cc. rie 4 weltIng dca -wue 1,5'o, rae dIm 1 ('-4-14.1 St V itt bugle, 1u~6g. U 'I II 

PAGE 24

a ~r flu. lnd~.edest Moddo MHr00t iIt.sndey. My 29. 'PS WANTED 00.04 SlivEft 1c prices poid to, cIo~ ring. eW w'iweiry. etc confidently CoIl 'Mu m3s. Ic-S U-p) JUNE R(N~ flit persOn needed 'o ,ublel 2 tn CV Jn Th. Pin. tututy ivin~ c.iI aft., a~ 3fl 7408 for more nfo (c-lO-130-p) F.rrrol. roommate wonted to share two beao.n opatment in IoiloIon. 'ext tall CoIl Swan ci 373-1025 $l~ nOfuth Mt YOLW Own 'Corn c59-l4l p) Mature bind. roernol. wonted sun, qr own .oont at I biks born ron.pu. $64 niWh 4 utihiftes COO gail os 373 6337 (C 5* tip) come wanted for sunr,,e, q.r in bd, Iv N.H townhouse 04 r, he pine' p.iva b~ SIM no + util coil dennis ot don 373-7W (c-5q.)dlp~ HELP WANTED Wons.d wolf I., ynco temp McCnn.l I Miconon F1 v.e.den css Muoska d.d.r MSI). Cowiselors. *ne6och nt.ucoqt irts. one Mmcl. ccii #4=7 f.-&-P4-J pet l~ -nit nk tines. lout -cr wt ~p4ypaSm bice 2ari.weib.t (.' S40) WANTED tefli hrflp twVg.~tJgly. flog ale lwurtflUperhW&4US (e-2? Isp) AUTOS SUM 1)45 IOn TS 71, .wt 5te.SZ.U (1W97td vdnt$. ww*~w+vm,&Ipn + mis. 317-WV 1fr2.1M) 10' Mds mts -red .t'M VI MI. *Mc*1l t a nee& vpt Vm -bet sue. WI.47 l.a-i.e flQi&D.*eStVt 2&ht.h.wW vinyl .pth prier. -. .e.-fm. new test 'S*. e.inlhM tonal. U.S Cdl Ml flU fr-fl-IS.) We -hod -ue.d cm. fOW SI#I3R (tieIz~) '4 W p,.d~. Ilk. ., I. U-, tn-Id). *6. we. -.ehtn. a U C MW .8 SI A lug t t.rsanc.' 509e4 noel.; 3A*lt.Ud ~flC S nasa wVBduj iWUtSwffd ItOS# -roe -*.S ma selIWNcMl ,lcItall.e5m4519 eflOfrS aNne. (g.It-W-pl AUTOS a Chevy lvn~ela Cuiton' VO I power, needs Some work .dOC best oIler C.Il Pat St 373 36 31 lt5-p) SSAAB good tires, body us. parts or fix clutch & drive It NEGOTIABLE 373 0105 CaSt all or (9 for VS Its p) 5 Sprite Good Condition $525 Firm Must we to belIeve Call Buck 3~3 PERSONAL COEDs lociol ho'' removed per moneotly Coil Ednur.d twvti eJ.ctrolois* over '0 year. experience Nw Arrivals Whit. Slog S.do bathing suits. Salon st'ots points ookpocki Join lb. Univ of Fl0 hiking clue AlIens Aquouir Trail Conies 1440 Wed Univ Ave 373-9233 (i-frI 6-c) 'Th conetitutbi of fit. coolmteItq.t apona upon j a Ic. rot upe lnw.~. .If -pew assault, anSI,. 9?t Inlets tools forgive turn. kbt It. corn stew., mud pract ifs. flfl S man." -metal Writing, (1-1*1* p) MUCH MORE flit I-. pla to hwtg we Its. we F., Ff1,, & bat. lit a really betulifol ASP Mn. In NW .ctl*n. Mellow mama Over -ocr. of fld, Wia tree' cad.; wilt Pitlo dwto. & ,1ud1 r.M woes Sn brie a. a ma. + Ak utIl. let ihflW (wilt isi orion). CALL 377-fl HOWl li-U-ISP) mine .t.wnt h.w, trying to flint ytJ Oil yew. edIctS a eOn'. von a lflbllghtM tt.Lnday. bet vi. left to WIti. mayte semedey? toWnS Il-It-iSo) t.flMui .flfi*ff, of re ft., grM.i~ -Uned Sled WHIt ifuIr pro.' ,.m*ntlc *ItuatIstL a Limited t~ ~f plcaUint. we Still -a-. an lands NiodS tact Itisir cIal cutmat (1-2-10*) RuE to to tue 12 new gags it,. VMS MS. It m fit. Bunting Said. Vic. Lorry. 0511. ReggI., Stuc. Jonathan, ICeotty, Ccc, Jimmy, Stat. Pratt. Jlu-it14M. ______ 2 klIflti leone 5-27 Cutlet ft. w.4IuS Cal Ut-lag to latitNy or tlhl Mn to give away IFS-id-fit) catoy nfl Woov fudNd + crdftmat. ft-Me IS-IS Swore NytlckMSlt write ___reweb MI cor*e MSWS (i-It-We) PERSONAL OUARAN~tED All inon* porkin $15 ~ ~unv.r tsr $40 W of Color PoA o, ~OU (Or p~k oIl ~oy to, t N.~i is Kqn*oI oon3 S (h~ l*-v) O~M8OUi-r.ryc I.d. aoflqu. clothing wornens ch.l&.n~, mens coo) sundrew. gown. denirT,. gob.'dn, oruin. cotton. recycled lW~i $5 located os Yaw 7th n oco fran' univ uo p.s office upsoirt &embuij Ii you or. p.gno,'t and you need lS$ we cot. Coil birthright 3fl NOV (124I 2*pi t, us wash dry cod fold your loondry for 23 lb If you menhlon hi. ad More. Laundry and DT~ Cleosers 21W SW t~h SflflO-142-p) SJ1 0 LOW~ 4.,. a heir tyl. to .ut. yeW penenolity raG 'Ia W Univ.rs~y Ave (j.ft-IS4) I~ARATh taGS SnoflCjoea 1215 N~ 5* Ave off Ifl &~ Mc $wu SoS cnn, 7'l 371-7131 11-tt-tfl. WedSngi flYifl~Ofl fFfffl UI S ~ Tn w.&s ~Ilw.ry. "uf*t& .6 Wyl. Cliff ~loll ~l.ting. Unt Memin. 3Th~Wh 1k-lw-c) LOST & P00kV POUWdOOW, Univ. Ave near flu. Young ilePif liritWay dultolta paq. Mane MISI tin,. CSVSW.Ud ~ flue P1,11.5 In. icgfrasb~ twice over. (I 19-10*) LOST: Woman. 551k flflt Mmd face. Sivef b554. ii SO. Reed. call Gall 1)40. (I-Stee LOST: REWARbnIWEIS. ash wee os way a -al-nv". '13ax mogwwGmmsmSERVICES 0*0 PUPAftATkM COIJRM flee, U? IS hori, $35. cour ,.v.o.obl. free 3cc. l~ by the second Ivy ni yew money bock CoIl Y3S) B54-?.66 JOT TheEyegloss5uperM~ UNrV RSITY OPTICIANS ni ~C-53-c) n.e Scuto clorns stoning All "ubo equ*p'Yient provided sales. service. tr10. erich. nit Ion, Allen (Co hos Wild K n0don' on Th) Allen. Aqudic I Trail tenet 344 W Univ Ave 373-9233 rn-fr26-c) FIELO ROcSG.eoi for masonry Dellv.ry to Oville $~ outside of C~iIle $ 0 Cdl 472 2103 Soy you reod it in Th* MI.gotoul m)idi-P~ GWW GRAS Scubo Clog, en quote' ojI .qulpme* KM*vldbd inclijdlag mink. fins. spaniel wettuht. lonk regulctm dl ~., C C i.n.nIend ceniflcicn b~ PAD I. testheck ott n.w price US advanced regin Ion bohre the end of spring quote $36 cdl S.bo Dynamic, Exotic Spa.,, far fw*se, ~4. Wee ivv,.I3-)0-.) tmc, wnc 11 W.w Term P~e.t .qe.$ericed -, -1.0 P9401W --d --trot dude 1219W. UnIv. A.~. (nt-S 914) tIM MDMO4 cant or. U m ISO of -t.,d.es scered -OW Ca. r.pe$*l. ft. N k.w.awd by4i* s.c.M Wy mettey hat. A#.M tnt ties. 4., no allqotlou. Call () US-lao. (ncr"'I La. to wed' &y .d fOld yew leundry 4w ztn,~ne.ales end D.y a. 21M SN I-I~I aI -~' 'a ,be.a. beots a --cell OCH h. 4. awe. P340 awn -lila, we flY AntiC t P A ~O4AL SO~ 0. Pius Gnu. 12-SQ (rn-k'. ice ~?flflr-~ SU'~iS1mt437-P) Cell a I. -yOW rOS. m.,u.crIt SSShISb & 11Uflty1 lUbe Satdl Sfl-UU after Sun, weekena. lmn-ff-lsp~ 

PAGE 25

' Th. in~nj~t R.M. MBgar. m.,s.1.aa.~ a iwi, ~g. a OUR 50th ANNEY RIARY 6I TO YOU A iii I I 4 .scn", cn. S *~SCOMMT C -~ .n a 9w9 -.n*** -,~S4b ~59e: SLICED .59rp"-"'~ 70k' ciomox '301 --nfl ~twrmu BACON :. --mis cm. scum. WIThIINS (flq scum w r~ uIIeism.mmnv. c <~ mis cgwanu. a --9t~' -9 *-9fl9 *9 59 --~* 9W~ -----.9 --' 9* -.*. 9w --9. a-we-9.a n -4-,-.~'". ~9* 9. ------~ I ~ Conned Horn .3 W0 F ranics .... ....... arkr.~ ..... '*5" V~79c ~x *i~ Cheese. -a 18* 39c t.onage Lfl.5. $119 flL.a.b.JIaA -I .89' 6Ttines. LB no ~,~Lerries LB '1~' Pacb., L 1" ~rn. ~.S10 ranges .3 ~9**** ...9 S *. 8 N~tw '~4 ~ 'P0 Lettuce. ,n oint Ste -,u.flY .'P' PotPies. -99c Votatoes ~ 79c ~mer. ..25~ .4~ ~1~~ ~.59c .3'Z '1~ .2t~ 'P0 SCHLITZ 6 plc. 12 UXU SHUN. FAMILY BREAD 1-La, LOAF r -.9. Lu, 9 9 9 9. 3 dz$1. 9 9 .4 *.:: '1" ...4 I~ $~ff SUPIUMEO MIS SISDICIIS SaAU ~'A'~ SM FWA ML WHIT' LAIIGE EGGS DOZ. -J r CL cans mum warn PEACHES 29-n. CAN rr~ Macaroni. Hunt's Ketchup rirbrinks .S .4 4r'1" 9 9. 9 3 ~. sin 9 9 ~ 39c lxii THRIFTY TOMATOES $ "a CANS 1401 N. MAWST. 130 NW. 6S5t .$1 .29 r RICE 3 LU. BAG Kayo Aegis. r ig; jm5n * * Bsrgent .9. *. 9 .....~7 sac .9 9 9 .S '~1~ 99c .9 9 9 9 9 ~ 88~ IUSUIT FLOUR BA YE 1 I anmm SW. 14L IA' W'~ -'a JU"I A 'I 3421 WEST UIWESITY At OINIUNSAY WOO A.M.7,O8 P.M. FEWAY 441. 1045M1N65 r C 

PAGE 26

S Pt,. 241%. 'siepseas inte. bS. 1bw.s~, M. 291975 A -LI '-U k Ge a Gr~at 4rtoh9urnmer wtth These Mi' A S I GSdm Ems mum Firm Caulif lower lay b.~ ~S ObUMAS 9w Green lSuss .. 6 Crisp Cua.mb.ru .s~.sa0 a3.3 Peppews kb.e*nstyt.~N~i. lusty EggpImumts. i., -a !r!z!.umuls.s. @uusm. hlce ... S. ~ a k 0 & ~ I.s Wis. Pass. Ch~. COCKTAIL PEANUTS. Yarn Wduis. ..r s #1 I' rr 15. menuS ~ 394 .r 14' .t~ 14' .'tl9e Ii ) r39' .r33, pie at. St Ib.~ tplmb 'mat ~ ba~ Nfl a-. aba Sd*. Fault C.cktSI. 45 Gm Spqv fl Cuauh.w,~ hi. ....~ eN 'a-nt CS * *~ C 79 I. ?37' C. en,, e.g. S.-.* *e *99555 n94 39. C. 'C A S SoOSO mug I 1% r s-i tern Teusbes. g~ aiM. -TekY Pet PIes. ....... IFruI Tarts. 0-a s.a -~Qa C. ~. 'C ~23' ~tt75 'C -I B S. .1. a. t~ ** Gm Leiuiuu, .1w ice. PalM -a b. -an Minus. Rice sn% --M& Pugh. Ce Olsuieus. aass, s.~ -a~ U65 -a Sub. a-an ~ 24' Fetid 1' hams. ~ t a. ~ sin Mel ~ S. Imuut Bee*fmt. ......*.~ 'is Pubis meavee lb. right to tuft qumtitie sold .0 78~ 47. at a. s.n 1 PwbSS ~. U S warn. 9 *9*~~* .S ~ a m POtts. mean. S -------.---*. *. .4*e** v eudu. ** ** Ceg emg* tern. ---~-~~77--~ -I tv-I aC. A (UI 4 I;,. ~ 

PAGE 27

4 lit. I*d.99&M Raid. MSIg.b. Th.n.d.,. Sq 3. '91A p. u 4.~. (puyIIg. --A IIUI.ba.uk C C juts hssflS r-~~ i.SN.ifl.U~bd Key at 5~t ~hu&Iuie Emil juEnA.bS&std h.w~~weu Emil. t~A6b.C Csi Shsulisw East. p~Ub. g~hssva~te.fta bound EKIHNVP. ~.g.tany ii a your S.e.c. of pin. CSVSBOO Of @@Wdid aug., .t$, Cake Donuts am 394 Aqulety $100,. fly Ino, mm fiIIir~g top.d w.V. fluffy mrsngue. 8-inch '1 ~ 'I" is" ~6~a~ St 89' Lam. Ksuu,& Ph. r pa-ah Cub. Iemdwch.? Mswdd U-d (~e dwS.) I.Sy U-doI** .a, S a.d .f.& .a Old FanS. L.f .r t 1. .4 ~k, a-. _______ -. Oene SeIuusmI ... -aAU F ram Our rime Dept. ha htb 44 -U --U S 44 as flbim 44 "Seleckd Euhy met' amn A ~ &d I~ S.dhb *ouud Slot .................I mm 5106k .............b I 29 N.a.apfl. kM byfl~kd~d lb *e6sl.g *g e1a. Slow. LOt bIf PLtUCTtPIoceM9e~f SWIPTS PIEMgtJM PlatEN GOVT INSPECTED HEAVY WESTEtH BEEF SALE C Fe ma -'IN "U 'I.' ale 

PAGE 28

Mary a mainstay for Lady Gators By NICK PUGLIESE AlMgatw Spons Welter Women's track and field programs have been blossoming at universities all over the nation, and UP is no exception. the UF wonien's team recently competed in the Women's [rack and Field Intercollegiate Championships at Corvallis. Oregon. and came away with a respectable showing. "FOR A new team, we did well. said mainstay Mary MccroartyPWe didn't expect the western teams to be that tough The time, also dropped. Overall, it wan good experience. All the girls are eager to 'wn working for next year, added Mcflroarty. who anchored the Lady Gator mile relay team. The Lady Cater quartet finished sixth at the national meet with a time of 3:57. Besides MeGroarty. the other legs of the relay squad were Kathy Carroll. Kay Hooper. and Cecil Lynn Caner. "WE FELT pretty good about the sixth place finish. We ran our best time ever. MeOroarty said. However, the Winter Park native failed to place in the finals of the SW. which was a disappointment to a lot of people including herself. 'I really don't know what happened in the 880. I talked to a lot of people afterwards. but I just don't know what went wrong. In, disappointed, that's for sure,' she commented. lIARYllASbeenonthe UP girl'ssquad the past two years although she never ran track in either junior high or high whool. I never ran track it. high school but I knew they had a women's track program up here and that's one of the reasons I came to UP. I had it in the back ofmy mind that I was going to try out," she said Last years track team was really good. Our relay team Iinshed seventh in the nationule. I also ran the 220 and 440. hut I was only an alternate for the nationals In those two categoriesY ~he said as she described her first year. ACCORDING TO Mary. there have been some changes in the twoycars she has been on the tess. "More girls are getting scholanhips. Last year there were three girls on scholarships. This year there are about seven." explained Mary. herself on a scholarship. "Everybody's wetting harder. There thinking about it more. This is more than just an after-school thing." she added. WHILE MARY feels the girls are lucky to be able to train at the same time as the guy. on the UP track, she still feels they should be sitting wore money for scholarships to frnher develop their program. "We still need more scholarships. Were getting bitter and better high school girls new, but with more money we could really put together a team( she said. Guardians of the athletic budget will probably shake their heads in a negative manner, but, as Mary says, it is 'nlore than just an after-school thing." The Independent Florida Alligator SRORTS lbadq.SyIt 1*8bpS Gator golfer Dennis Sullivan knows championship feeling By JEFF ADAMS AlDgS Sped. Wilt. Four years ago when UF golfer Denny Sullivan was considering what college to attend he had a big decision to make. He had gone to high school in suburban Chicago and knew he wanted to concentrate on golf, and therefore knew he wanted to be in a warm climate all year round. So the choice was narrowed down to a couple of schools and at the top of that list were two florid. schools -UP and Miami-Dade Non h. as things worked out enroll at UF Ar his first two yeats and chose "Dale" instead. "MY SET plan we to goto Dade for two ye.and then transfer to U F." the Grant Park. Ill, native said. "I didsVt think I would get to play in a lot of tournaments at UP in n.y first year or two, and gain the tournament experience.' he said and "that's what made me decide to go to Dade." Sullivan's decision up' parental proved to be the nght one as he lcd Dade to the national jurnor collqe chmpionuhlp in 3972 aM '73 college All-American his two years there. So, Ibe Sullivan it was. to UP where the Cater golf team had just won a atleal championship themselves the NCAA. DUff HOW DID Sullivan thshk he would fare aphe his highly-regarded flew teammates? The 22-year-old Sufliva answers modestly but earn. tidently by saying, '1 dldu't come hen thinking it would beacinebbyanymeans. I felt I bad to play real well to break into the top sis." And play well he did. as he Sullivan did not choose to as well as being named junior competed in several big tournaments for the Gators IncludIng the prestigious Ibosom MI-America what he finIshed scad. He also played In the "big daddy of lbs all." the ?4CAA. where the Cams na* mined t~ ahab S~ natisoel title. lash. to Wake Fon~'o shets ncco ~,n, when be left 6ff this ygar and has comeoneven ifleger. To date lw's played in eight tournaments, winning the Port Malabar Classic. finishing third I, the Southeatrum Invitational and aiding in the recent Gate SEC victory. -by bob wool UACKS1U MARY MCOIOARTY Mor than just an after-school thing The second place finish in last year's NCAA ended Denny's hope. of playing on four straight national championship teas, which he admits was a "big pC when he came to UP. But thaCs history and Sullivan knows it's time to concentrate on this years NCAA Sullivan I. confident about the Otters' chances to regain the national collegiate title next mouth in Columbus. Ohio. N. -5. the flirt Octet tern wham he sap "We're Is a -tim, of mind mow and I think We're gobs win It." Whet asked about the paste Involved in tiM yeats P4CM. SullIvas said. there's a different type pressure on us this yet because we started out th year as number two an worked our way upto hum one. This makes a big dii fereace psychologically. Th.n he candidly added, 'we like the pressure -it's fun." An NCAA victory would certainly be sweet Ar all thin Caters. An NCAA victory would certainly be sweet for all the Gates. It would be UP. third team title in the schools history and time third of Denny Sullivan's collegiate career. No betterr how you look at it. tIres national titan "ain't bed at all.' V -.-by hub GolnmvlIl. Kawasid defer A*r Kewiti (SM) dietIng hr laud witi Terry Thorn9.in Open Naduellen dividing at lad Sand. Vs V asks Near Cup lad Race In Galnmvllb, t (u0h4) GdflhlhIb's (Na.) Will Ns4ig awi of line bueNa NaMing finlakad Wa I.' the MO Cii. dMdpe, in to Sea Grand Pth dividon, ad ad, Ih A 21S Grand Mx 

PAGE 29

a 1. nd.ad.st R.M. Mugs., lhunS.y, 29 971 Pug. 2? ~~1 UNIVERSITY SUMMER STORAGE This year when your summer vacation comes around you can store your personal effects in a Bonded Warehouse at a special rate offered to University of Florida students only. .~' -.Your Total Cost For The Entire Summer First Item.S17.aO Each Additional item.6.00 Optional Insurance $5.00 per $1000.00 of coverage. This insurance covers your effects against Fire, Flood, and Theft -But not against breakage of packed items. (CONCEALED DAMAGE) (That's All You Pay) ~ -~ ~, *~# Packing Material Available 1.5 Cubic Foot Cartons.$ .75 ca 3.0 Cubic Foot Cartons.75 ea. Pressure Taoe.3.00 oer roll (Use Jointly) 1. All cartons must be sealed and marked with your name for easy identification. 2. Cartons for storage must not exceed 60 lbs. in weight Each. 3. Bike's are welcome but must be tagged. 4. Rug's are welcome but must be rolled, tagged, and tied with twine. 5. Portable typewriters do not have to be pecked. ~ A ~~ > JOINT STORAGE BETWEEN STUDENTS IS PEOHIBITID ~ ~ A 4 ~ Murray will pickup your items at the dorm at an additional charge of $18.90 for Hauling In. You can avoid this cost by hauling in yourself. Murray must have 46 hours notice to pickup your goods. If you bring your goods in yourself they will be received at Murray's Warehouse located at 3W North West 23 Boulovard. ALL CHARGES MUST SI PEEPAID PlOaSO call Murray Van 8 Swag. if yaw have m'y question. "4 -G ator ams new head Steve Williams. former U' basketball player. was named had basketball wad, of Pensacola Washington Hit School over the weekend. Willujug had been head coach at Newbury High School this paw wnau wine Ins team fiuhhcd witi, a .500 r-t WUUAMS WUL replace George Mono. at Wtthington. Norton is retiring with a career record of 73-6. William. was supposedly heading for P.K. Yo.ge Hi flat year. but decided to rust, to his alma mater Washington. perennial Class AAAA basketball po.tr. fia~ed 1st sC*sofl with a record of 26-3. Williams has pnvioosiy stated thu he would eventouily coach at U like to F The UF Judo flub at tended the Flood. State Champ.o.aship tournament in Keystone Heights Ian Saturday. The :oun.,nent was sponsored by Gorge Bass. a Fifth Degree Blackbelt. UF team members placed in five dinsions. FinE place tn wet t Louis McMullen, Sr. Women's Divisn: Lance Lazenby. Me&s 134 pound Drns.om John Mardi.1.S. Men's 176 Thyisa. Larry Wheeler tok sd in the Sr. Me. MS pewid dfr~c -a--, as mum ma WAWN PUtS Sw tMin.Sy h. 'a Fr. "Drug Analysis at the C Dr er ig Stere 378-1588 Ex w VAN STORAGE 904/3724406 C vAN t~*% 

PAGE 30

Peg. 26. lb. In&p.nd.fiu RouId* Ailiqotor, Thundoy. M.y 21 )9~5 Vault exhib features lion wor d record holder World record holder Dave Roberts .,ll head a field of ornstandiag -,aukas ma special -vault competitIon tonight at Percy Dead Yield bqinning at 6:30 Roberts, who set the present record of 18'6'A' at the florid. Relays, .ill be joined by UP's tine time Southeastern Conference (SEC champion Will Freeman. former Gate. great Make Cotton. who ha cleared 176'X national junior college champ Manny Weatherly. florida States Phares Rolle. Santa Fe's Nat Durham. and florida Track Club member John Hochuli. "WE HAVE bet,, talking about this type of thing for a while nowY said Emma,,. "We wanted something for. she vaulted and now is the rime of year when we are jumping best." UF head coach Cares said the meet sanctioned and any set will be official. Jimmy will be records I'll tell you this," said Freeman. 'Roberts is ready to break the record again.' Sonny decides tohar Quarterback Jurgensen. an IS-year' of the pro football wa lie has retired, spur multi-mWiog, dollar o the World FeatheR IWEL.) The 40-yen-old liar said he was in conta~ Jot,, Bosacco of the Philadelphia Dell tbfh Tuesday -once to that he wasn't going I anymore and twice aft to reject increased a otThrs. "I CANI m how I can ,nteitst me In back." he said. comyr after his appearance National Press Club. I him to tell him my d and then he called bb raised the offer. It was was a substantial ii fwm the originalY Bosacco said two we4 when he was iii Wad that he had Jurgensen. one of jr baifs all-time snap. 19 I emup Sonny contract that would give him veteran some SI million to play for the ri, says Bell. rnng a 'He indicted to me that Sr by there was more money League available.' Jurgessen said. "I gumi the leapt ii cv.cerncd because Namath said *No' gemen and now I'm saying lie."' .'t with WE!.'. JOE NAMATH. who times played out his option with the hfrin New York Jets, rejected a o play reported 54 million contract n that last week to joi, the Chicago )ctrad Wind of the WFL Jorgensen was retired. reluctantly on Ins Part, on May I by the Washington SIIYO)~ Redskins who cited his high: ~"B salary of some 5150.000. his tinting numerous injuries in the past at the rour years and young called quarterback Joe Theisman as ~k and tt*SOOS~ rnc. It iurgeine. said he would ~crease work fulitime with Sci-Tek. a inanagetnent consultant firm. ~ks ago and would consider oWes tbton from television networks CBS offered and NBC to become a sports footanalyst at NFL games this news, a fall. _____________________ T e ---an I FREE -I I ELECINONIC ENGINE I I W~ I flU ANALYSIS WflNWH I 1S wue-up * 4UMMSpSSSS j USE 12th Street 876-9OU~ Any end Uverythlng for sports Cars * Cave IpSdIy W.& MG .lvhsgA oja. Nedy Dana. 202MM as p beast C. * Tcnk pump, filter charcoal. lice. I' 20 24 29 47 10 lbs. grovel, food, tubing. gal got gal gal got gel -12.95 -10.95 -1495 -15.95 -19.95 -34.95 FISH SPECIALS EVERY DAXI 2 & 3 level bamboo finch cages TERRARIUM SAND SALE 3T 'baa A~ 'a *r~ JM PWC L ~ NW IUft St WE MON PS I@4 SAT I@~U SHELLEY'S DELIVERY: NOW MORE THAN EVER You've been playing all quarter and now you're gonna suffer. With era coming up fast thorns not even time to sleep. And all that cmmmlng can make a lUCor a MM or a 7A5 mighty hungry. Shelley. come thu, now more than ever. They'll bring delicious deli aandwlchn custom pizza. or something off the grill right to your place and get It there fat Top It off with fine beer or wine and make It easy on yourself (and your stomach). SNELLtf s Dt1.IVERS FROM 11 IN THE MORNING TO 12:30 LATE. AT NIGHT 3m 15Sf ~. 1~ a 10 Gal. Stoner Set 6995 10 GaL. ODN Tanks 6399 whtle quantity lasts AQUARIUM SAVINGS 373.REUF '4 
