
PAGE 1

the independent florida friday u u u g ato raprfl1.1977 volume 699 no.108 PNblise~dby catipia Ceieie~iakiom, nnGonie .olNotooui lyonssocatd with hAUnivewsuiy of orida. Marston orders hiring quotas By PATCRONIN Alligator Staff Writer Blasting UF's Affirmative Action Program, UF President Robert Marston Thursday forged ahead with plans of his own. to desegregate university faculty-declaring racial quotas for hiring more blacks. While Marston avoided specific details, he told surprised University Senate members that a black would likely fill every position that becomes vacant at UF for at least the next year. QUOTING FROM a letter he sent Wednesday to State University System Chancellor E.T. York, Marston said, "It Th s is a has become clear that we will not be able, to show any substantial improvement of our record under the present responsible way procedures-as a consequence it is my intention to introduce minimal but specific hiring quotas for blacks." toreact since Marston said it is probable that a black will be interviewed and hired for "each position which opens." But Marston our Affirmative said the quotas should not be in effect longer than one or two years. Action program Fending off charges that the quota system discriminates against whites, Marston contends "discrimination is not at has not been efquestion. "WE DON'T plan on getting in arguments over discrimination. Discrimination is not at question here, Marston said. Marston attributed the new quotas to the failure of Affirmative Action, a group designed to end discrimination, to meet court orders to desegregate universities. In 1972, U.S. District Court Judge John Pratt ordered six states--including Florida-to implement desegregation plans. BUT, JAN. 19 of this year, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) called upon Pratt to force the Department of Health Education and Welfare (HEW) to work faster toward desegregation. Pratt agreed with the NAACP and demanded HEW come up with guidelines to accelerate -the existing plans. Those guidelines are expected to be released by HEW in the next several days. UF Affirmative Action officials have said-they expect those guidlines to include a strict quota hiryear will fall way short of the court order by any measure." last few years. ing system such as the one voluntarily imposed by Marston Vice President for Academic Affairs Robert Bryan defendUF PUBLIC Information Officer Hugh Cunningham Thursday. ed Marston, declaring the quotas were necessary to fulfill agreed with Bryan, saying that Affirmative Action has not "I AM disappointed withthe progress that the University court demands. reached its goals. of Florida has made in the Affirmative Action area," "I know we are under a court order," Bryan said. "I think "Our Affirmative Action Program has not been effective. Marston said. 'This court order is the basic justification for this (quota system) is a responsible way to react since ourAfThey have set goals but they simply have not met them,' this quota system. The number of blacks (teaching) next firmative Action Program has not been effective enough the Cunningham said. UF funding threatened by pay inequality By DENNIS KNEALE equalize male and female salaries before it can spend any of foolishness," Martin said. Alligator Staff Writer money. Despite UF's spending $236,000 this year to boost the 113 MARTIN SAID he will ask the legislature to pass the women faculty member's salaries in the nine Education and The Florida Legislature may hold back millions of dollars appropriations bill with the stipulation that universities General colleges, a report by the federal Department of from the nine state universities next year unless they raise receive their total budgets only if they pay equal salaries for Health, Edication and Welfare (HEW) shows that female women's salaries and eliminate pay inequities based on sex. men and women who perform comparable work. faculty salaries at UF are 20 per cent lower than male Rep. Sid Martin, D-Hawthorne, said Thursday he will "This is a real serious problem. The legislators are upset, push the legislature to force the State University System to they're mad. And they're not going to put up with this kind (See 'Martin,' page two) update Dead dogs Streaking Hand in hand Remember streaking? Well, the Gtor baseball You might think that team is trying to revive Hungarian accents, dark the big campus fad in its rooms and large round own way. The II1thtables go hand in hand, so An unnamed UF student ranked UF diamondmen to speak, with the palm is apparently one of the are riding a seven game ., c reading business. Not so suspects in the -dog winning streak and tokeon f or Madam Anna, murder cases now being the University of Kentucky Gainesville's very own investigated by UPD. this weekend. palmist. See Inside, pg Seepag 7.See Sports page 22. 16. 

PAGE 2

Gail Powell, 4 JM, gets help from passersby after a serious bicycle accident. A pedestrian stepped in front of Powell's traveling bike, on North-South Drive, counterparts. UF OFFICIALS, who have been cultivating good relations with legislators for the past month, were careful in disputing Martin's claims. "I certainly do not wish to get into a newspaper argument with our respected legislator. However, it must be understood that the figures currently being cited are completely meaningless," Executive Vice President Harold Hanson said. Hanson is in charge of instituting equal pay scales for men and women at UF. Hanson said the overall averages are misleading because women are now employed in the lower paying colleges such as Arts and Sciences and Education. ENGINEERING, BUSINESS, and law are predominantly male teaching fields at UF, and pay much higher salaries. Therefore, when averaging all areas, the male salaries from the higher paying fields boost the overall male average, Hanson said. But Martin said that doesn't matter -because the percentage gap between men and women faculty salaries stayed nearly the same from 1975-76 to 1976-77 even after the women received pay hikes to eliminate discrimination. Martin said although women at UF did receive an extra $236,000 to equalize their salaries, merit raises based on performance and length of service were then given mostly to male faculty, therefore keeping UF men ahead of women in average pay. TO KEEP that from happening again, Martin said he will look for ways to force universities to give equal merit pay hikes to both men and women. And a measure of that type has good chances of passing, he predicted. "They (legislators) will (pass a salary equalization measure) this year because they are upset. I don't think you're going to have any problems. They're going to do it now," Martin said. Martin continued, "None of them (universities) are complying with the law. If they are, fine, then we won't need corrective action." UF OFFICIALS contend corrective action is not needed. M Get Started On Your Spring Garden For Sale At Agricultural FairCarnigras Tomato, Eggplant, and Bell Pepper transplants, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Grown and sold by the University of Florida Vegetable Crops Club. -11 causing her to fly over the handlebars. Powell was treated and released from the Shands Teaching Hospital for a broken collar bone and mouth injuries. I'm not in a fight with the University of Florida, or any figures they want to put out. But they (state universities) haven't changed it one bit in the world," Martin said. ,UF PresidentiRobert Marston disagreed, and said, "I can't conclude that because the average salaries are different that means there is sex discrimination. We removed it to the best of our ability. "IF REPRESENTATIVE Martin knows of some instance where we failed, I would like for him to tell us and we'll change that." UF salary figures show, however, that individual salaries in each college may need changing. In some cases women in the same department or college with the same rank still earn less than their fellow male workers -though it is not 20 per cent less. THE FIVE women full professors in the College of Education earn an average $21,219 for nine months, while the college's 30 male full professors average $24,043, UF Assistant Vice President for Academic Affairs Vic Yellen said. The two female full professors in the anthropology department earn an average nine-month salary of $22,153, while their male counterparts average $27,776. The male average is boosted by higher salaries for two graduate research professors and one distinguished service professor, Yellen said. YELLEN SAID graduate research professors are the highest paid teachers at UF, and distinguished service professors are higher paid because both require prestigious faculty with more important duties. In the College of Law, the one female non-tenured associate professor earns $25,000 a year, while her four male counterparts earn $25,750 a year. In some cases figures show women earn more than men. Five female tenured associate professors in the College of Fine Arts average $16,427 for nine months, while the 14 male professors average $15,559. Yellen said dollar differences do not necessarily mean sex discrimination exists -salary inequities could be due to seniority or different departmental pay levels. Nell's Take Out Beer & Wine Prices to suit your budget! 1018 N.W. I st Ave. Nexflo Univers.ty Post Off ice OPEN: Weekdays until Midnight Friday & Soturdoy -until 2:00 a.m. 4 miles West of 1.75 on Newberry Rd. Presents: 378-4093 ARCHER ROAD BANDD Fri. & Sat. Apri I Ist & 2nd Cover: $1.00 9 pmtilllI am Games & Food Available Tie 06i0"40MisM OAM10A LiecTOR is apublicatinsxofiCampusCorn Y'.'~" J~ ~a, on-profit coporai t is duisxfie ims hOeA AeA thoseofthe editors or the writers of the ortis ad no thoe f heUnvesit f -lria teCamps swr.d by T.IO.N. PLOUSA.01. PA0. Address correspondencetoI wii jNpgm U0A 1110ATION. P 0bx 14257,U"iversity Sionx, Ga'insville, Florida. 32601 Svscrpion ra,."*, 2 -pr y r '-.-0 p n-a-u -~4 s tonsofllo.iS imasen ioantoesoa,,ii,, ,,,CPYIo sdnobectionable "*"''' *''""""?'* Tie i' 00*1111 s.PLW" LLIATOR willno, conse, odius"InW"Is 00,Py unin fo ry deriemns moving typographical error of erroneous nlrdwion unionenticeisgivn "o '"*dvetiin"maw '"tino"*ne )day ahW fiomeiapar *WHM MM AALLIGATOR will not be rleponeible formor hneIrect son of on oadveriliment KcheS&dd to run wiererol 

PAGE 3

UNIVERSITY CITY TRAVEL AMTRAK-PLANE-SHIP 377-4226 923 W. University Ave. YEAR ROUND lUti at TkE VIACERedtced Stutut r Rates ltirished and t nfornished ibropts 2-3-4 br, Townhouses Aso room rentls i 4 br townhouses Clubhouse with Swimming Pool 2 game rooms 2-Tennis Courts -Party Room-TV Room. 2-Handball Courts Make Arrangments for Summer & Fall No" Open For Inspection 2930 SW 23 Tvrr 375 3072 oporuntfor study In Israel The Hayim Greenberg College of Jewish Studies in Jerusalem offers Jewish students the following unique opportunities: -Intensive study program preparatory to teaching Judaicas Wide dange of Judaic and Hebraic courses taught by experienced, selective faculty -Varied and exciting trips and kibbutz program -Generous scholarnhipdftr students with nominal or no Hebrew background including tuition tees, room and board ton a year or semester -Full scholarship for full year students with good Hebrew backgroundrgTranster credits to universities and coleges throughout the United States. A RARE OPPORTUNITY to intensify and deepen your Jewish knowledge and strengthen your Jewish identity end heritage. Call note or send touponetooany officee Mr. Yaakov Halpert Mr. Ephraim Yahav Dr. Moshe Avital 199 South Allen St. Jewish Comm. Ctr. Hayim Greenberg Col. Albany, New York 5738 Forbes Ave. 515 Park Avenue 518-356-0820 Pitsburgh, PA15213 New York, N.Y. 10022 dt2-52t-80t0 2t.2-752-460 ext. 384/385 Name Address city State zip UNIVERSITY STUDY Interested in earning university credits while exploring a new land inall its aspects? Why not consider a summer. e A semester, year, or degree program at one of Israel's seven leading universities Religious studies. humanities, the social sciences and a host of other courses are offered in either English or Hebrew with special emphasis on helping you get a grasp Hf Israel Whether it be in Jerusalem. Haifa, Tel Aviv yr the Negev, a study program at an Israeli university will give you a new feeling about Israel and yourselflas wet. Write fora brochure giving information about atl the universities and the programs they offer. Concil frAdvascement af Sedf ProgrAm1 at Iermen Uateswtee. 515 Park Aweue, New eYoek New Yank 10022,(212) 751-6070 .-~---------~-~~~~-~~---aFai raeemadon, pleane end tothe above ddreess. Nes At My ZIP --~at 'This kind of thing could stir up a tremendous amount of iII will between staff and residents. Murphree area official Trash makes dormitory life uncom portable By PAT CRONIN Alligator Staff Writer Trash pick-up service for an estimated 40 Murphree Area dorm residents has been suspended since the end of last quarter because a resident allegedly dumped water on two employees during exam week. Hallways in the dorm area are lined with trashcans overflowing with several weeks worth of garbage and residents say the situation is growing intolerable. BUT HOUSING officials say they are well within their rights to suspend "extra" services. Murphree Area Director of Residence Life Steve Haulman two weeks ago ordered custodians to perform only "minimal services" for section "E" residents of the Thomas Hall, until the guilty party confesses. "We are meeting the sanitation requirements, but we are not performing any of the extra duties such as emptying garbage and sweeping floors," Haulman said. "They're just going to have to walk around the building to empty their own trash." BUT MURPHREE resident James Brenner, IUC, claims the university can't stop garbage collection for dormitory residents. "I just don't see how they can do this," Brenner said. "I guess it's suppose to be some kind of punishment for all of us, but nobody here did anything. The clean-up crew is suppose to pick up our trash." UF Housing Director James Hennessey insists garbage collection is not a part of the housing contract. "THE WHOLE thing is up to him (Haulman)he's the director in that area," Hennessey said. "There is nothing in the contract that says we have to take the garbage out of the room for residents. We.simply tell the students to put the trash in the cans outside and in the chutes where they have them." Haulman said the suspension would be lifted this week, even though the person who allegedly dumped water on two UF maintenance employees would probably not be found. Beaty Towers get By JOHN DRUCKENMILLER Alligator Writer For the first time in nearly "five weeks," residents of Beaty Towers have -at least on a temporary basis -cool air circulating through their multi-storied twin dorms. UF Housing Maintenance Superilntendent Pete Bennett said the cooling system "went back on line" at 3:30 p.m. Thursday but that the repaired apparatus will have to run under closely-watched, sporadic service for the next few days. Towers' residents were treated to polar blasts of 45 degrees from 3:30 p.m. Thursday afternoon until 9 p.m. that evening. Bennett said the repairman was due back at the system at 7 a.m. today and that the system will be HONOR COURT AND SENATE SLATING Mown CHALLENGE PARTY IN Rm. 331 REITZ UNION From 1-5 p.m. and 7-9 p.m. Thru Friday Qualifying by College MURPHREE RESIDENTS SURVEY TRASH LITTERED HALL .Steve Sutch, Tom Basinger and David Holmes "This was just a temporary arrangement. I plan on ending it in a day or two, but it looks like we're not going to identify the person who did this," Haulman said. THE TWO workers were seated on a bench outsidelof Thomas Hall during finals week of winter quarter, when a resident dumped water on the two, according to Haulman. "It was definitely done by a dorm resident," Haulman said. "The people who were drenched were very upset. This punishment was to make the residents aware of what happened. This kind of thing could stir up a tremendous amount of ill will between staff and residents." The residence assistant on the first floor of Thomas Hall posted a sign reading, "Gentlemen, the custodial staff will provide only minimal service due to a water dumping incident. This means that trash will not be picked up unless the person or persons responsible are caught." Meanwhile, residents will have to either empty their own garbage or wallow through the trash-cluttered hallways. spring air started f ired up again when the repairmen arrivan arrives. Some angered students living in the four-person rooms were considering petitioning UF's housing officials for a reduction in their $225 per quarter rent earlier Thursday before the damaged air-conditioner was temporarily fixed. Debbie Mace, 4AS, said she is still thinking of meeting with housing officials to get a financial settlement of some kind. But, Hennessey, said students cannot get a rent reduction because "it is in their contracts about equipment breakdowns. "Tell them to look in their contracts," the housing director said. "The contract agreement makes notice allowing mechanical breakdowns in the equipment. We're doing all we can and it is costing us a lot of money." A ( 6O'er0 We shake the finest custom sandals avalable. I Choose from over 15 styles! (MezI6 e hU .e es eles in stdci) 1634W. Univ. Ave -in the Reniggnce FaIr~ g E \4h. 

PAGE 4

4 WASHINGTON (UPI)--Public officials who feared a dramatic increase in marijuana smoking as state laws dropped criminal penalties for its use now generally say their fears were groundless, a National Governors' Conference study reported Thursday. The study found states could save money on law enforcement and court proceedings by reducing penalties for private possession of small amounts of marijuana, and health care costs can be cut by de-emphasizing criminal penalties. Greatest savings are available to states which issue citations, as with traffic offenses, rather than arresting and booking offenders, the study concluded. It took no position on whether states should reduce penalties for possession or use of marijuana but reported on The beaten. WASHINGTON (UPI)-The chairman of the House Narcotics Committee said Thursday U.S. agents are being "outflanked, overflown and penetrated" on the Mexican border by drug traffickers and illegal migrants., Chairman Lester Wolff, D-N.Y., told a news conference, "It seems to me that the border may be likened to the maginot line of World War II which was so easily outflanked by theGerman army in 1940. We are outflanked, overflown and penetrated. You know what happened to the French." Wolff said a tour of this border with other committee members showed "the job is overwhelming. Hundreds of millions of people, hundreds of thousands of vehicles, surge across that border points, across the river and across the fences." "I am concerned about the fact that if narcotics get into this country, what of terrorists, or unannounced attacks on the nation itself?" Wolff said, adding it is "as much of a war on the people of this nation as any other shooting war." the impact of decriminalization where it has been tried New Jersey Gov. Brendan T. Byrne, who released the one year study at a news conference. said it offers solace both to supporters of decriminalization and its opponents Supporters can cite the finding state and local officials generally believe decriminalization laws have not led to any substantial increase in use, said Byrne. "Although most interviewees suggested that there was considerable concern that usage would increase dramatically, and that those first states to implement decriminalization approaches would encounter an influx of users from nondecriminalized states, neither of these patterns has occurred or is occurring, according to those public officials interviewed except for those interviewed in Los Angeles, Calif.," the study said. Rep. James Scheuer, D-N.Y., said "it is clear the entire system has broken down." He suggested "the time may be appropriate to use one of our options, calling on the armed forces to somehow fill the gap. But Wolff commented the nation could survive on "measures short of that." Sand the path By United Pres International In a nineteenth copyrighted article on crime in Arizona, Investigative Reporters and Editors Inc.(IRE) said the state of Arizona is emerging as the most-concentrated corridor of narcotics smuggling from Mexico into the United States. The IRE said each year millions of pounds of marijuana and uncounted kilos of heroin and cocaine move over Arizona's 360-mile border with Mexico to major population centers throughout the United States. The illegal drugs come over the virtually unguarded border by plane, truck, car, horse and foot, the IRE said. All the news that's fit to use The UPI report for Friday morning WASHINGTON-President Carter has no plans to revise the arms limitation proposals rejected Monday by Soviet leaders, his chief spokesman said Thursday in what appeared to be a toughening of the U.S. position. WASHINGTON-The leader of the Hanafi Muslims who took 134 hostages at three Washington buildings earlier this month was jailed without bond Thursday as a result of threats he made Tuesday to kill 200 people. ZAMBOANGA CITY, THE PHILLIPINES-The pilot of a private airliner transporting troops ran amok Thursday, emerged from the cockpit with a rifle during flight and shot and killed six persons, including the stewardess. WASHINGTON-The Senate Thursday approved and sent to the White House the government reorganization authority President Carter sought to fulfill his campaign pledge to restructure the federal bureaucracy. WASHINGTON-House GOP Leader John Rhodes, voicing the sharpest Republican criticism yet of the new administration, Thursday accused President Carter of conducting a foreign policy which has damaged rather than helped the cause of human rights. WASHINGTON-The 7.7 million gallons of oil spilled from the tanker Argo Merchant 3/ months ago off the coast of Massachusetts caused "minimal" biological and asthetic damage, a government report said Thursday. DELTA UPSILON AAT 1814 W. UNIVERSITY AVE. OPPOSITE MURPHREE AREA IS different: NON-hazing NON-secretA* NON-sectorion --COME SEE HOW WE BUlLDBRTRHOOD WITHOUT SCESor HAZING M CAN OnMR PRATOTIS MI1 PLACI1565 CLAlM? msc -I. 4, alligator, nriduy, upro iii fridaylcapsule Eased pot laws working McMichael and "C" (formerly of Rosebud) Finest in Acoustical & Easy Listenin appearing Fri-Sa at THE LIVERY STABLE Resturant & Lounge 1726 W. UnIv. Ave PARK INIAR 373,4&3 1514 N.W. 13th St. 3724521 COME VISIT OUR NEW STORE MON.-TUES. THURS. & FRI. 10-10 3 WED. &SAT.10-8SUNDAY 12-6 CANDLES 14K POTTERY CARMS 16 ft. mohawk canoes $181.00 Fiberglass, Aluminum, and ABS, Whitewater and Touring Kayaks; Also Klepper Folding Kayaks J J Brasington's A~aron's Sandwich Shop Mk HO\ 014 15 4 HG'F1no H I-.\F no FREE I is N.W.5thAve ( thru une 3rd i 2siocks om'Mon-Thsr. 11A.M. to*p.M. 372-7970 "Fri &Sat 11A.M. to11 p.M On the Road to Equaity N OW=:/ featuring the film: 'HowWe Won the Vote" April 1-7p.m. Room 860 Reitz Union and ERA Speakers April 1-Ip.m. Plaza of the Americas JEWELRY INDIAN PRINT SPREADS ~THE 0 EMPORIUM HAS MOVED TO 2331 N.W. 13th ST. in the Skaggs-Albertson Plaza > ATWL -I bip 

PAGE 5

alligator, friday, april 1, 1977, 5 FAIR FEATURING i DISPLAYS SALES SEMINARS APRIL I & 2 AT CARNIGRAS CHICKEN DINNER SAT. NOON SPONSORED BY THE STUDENT AGRICULTURAL COUNCIL 'I A M K kri:E**** TI TT-TTTT rTTTTT7r-rrimm Levi'sRefashlons Carpenter Jeans e Levi's Fresh Producetakes a fresh approach to the traditional Carpenter Jean. All the features remain. hammer loop, screw-driver pocket. The cut is trim, yet roomy through the thighs, styled to fit easy over or inside boots! In rugged lightweight indigo blue or natural all cotton denim. The Branded Pocket 3333 SW Archer Rd. New phys ed requirements passed by University Senate I u m 3 7 By PAT CRONIN Alligator Staff Writer The UF University Senate Thursday paved the way for students to fulfill their physical education requirement in one quarter, by reducing the requirement from three onehour classes to one two-hour class. The measure now needs only UF President Robert Marston's signature and development of the two-hour course by PE officials before it is implemented. All but one of the senators present voted to modify current physical education rules, one of six measures the faculty senate approved. Other proposals adopted by the senate included: Disallowing students to drop courses during the last two weeks of regularly scheduled classes a Organizing two ad hoc committees to review UF's physical landscape planning process a Establishing a School of Accounting in the College of Business Administration a Merging four departments into two different colleges. The proposal to alter UF's drop-add policy met with little opposition, despite efforts to table the motion by Student Body President. The new drop-add policy reads, "No student will be allowed to drop a course during the last two weeks of regularly scheduled classes without receiving failing grades. Any student seeking an exception to this policy must petition the University Petitions Committee." At present, a student wanting to drop a course can petition his/her individual college instead of the more powerful University Petitions Committee. "I cannot see the philosophical distinction ***************** *3 I I m T Luxurious Living In A Natural Setting ItNow Renting 1,2,3 Bedroom 1) Apart= / ments For Spring, Summer, and Fall 205 SE 16th Ave 373-337 m between the last two weeks and the other weeks," Lobeck said. "I.don't have any objections over making students file petitions, but why to the University (Petitions) Committee?" The Senate also passed a resolution to investigate UF's physical planning, after a UF professor pleaded with the faculty to set up two committees to review "a very serious issue." Forrest Lisle, associate professor of architecture, said, "There is a need for the review of these (physical planning) practices. The sole objective of this resolution is to try to gain a body which has no bones to pick. This is a very serious issue." Lisle has complained that UF previously had no committee to properly plan the university's landscape and streets, resulting in the waste of thousands of dollars and valuable environment. Another proposal, establishing a School of Accounting in the College of Business Administration, passed after Robert Bryan, vice president for academic affairs, called the new school a "matter of prestige." "The proposal is important in order that it may earn more money for the university," Bryan said. "The donors see this as an upgrading to a school." Two proposals merging departments in University College also passed nearly unopposed. The Senate voted to merge the Department of Fundamental Mathematics in University College with the Department of Mathematics in the College of Arts & Sciences. The senate also voted to merge the Comprehensive English Department of University College and the English Department of the College of Arts & Sciences into a single department. 

PAGE 6

Molloy running for Chancellor By ROBERT RIVAS Alligator Staff Writer Student Court Attorney General Dan Molloy Thursday became the first person to formally announce candidacy for the student court chancellorship, unfolding a package of proposals to expand the student court's services. "The court is here to serve the students," Molloy said. "Cheating hurts all students when it is undetected." Molloy outlined a three point plan to provide students with a better judicial system. First, student legal services would be expanded. Members of the Student Court Bar Association-student lawyers-would be provided for students with all types of conduct problems under Molloy's plan. Molloy's second step would be to change the juries in the student court. Currently each jury is composed of three elected student justices and three randomly-chosen students, but Molloy would DAN MOLLOY .expand legal services favor an all randomly-chosen jury-eliminating the three justices. The third step in the Molloy plan wouldibe to ''increase student awareness. Molloy is a third-year law student who has worked with the court for a year and is president of Delta Theta Phi, the legal fraternity. Board of Regents to face semester question again By MIND KEIRNAN Alligator Staff Writer TALLAHASSEE -The question that has been hanging over the Board of Regents' for for almost a full year -whether to put the state universities back on the semester system -will be the main item of business at the regents' Monday meeting in Pensacola. The switch is being considered because many educators believe the state's nine universities and 28 community colleges should operate under similar calendars. Such a system would make it easier for students to move from the community colleges to the universities, according to Chancellor E. T. York. If approved, the system would consist of two 16-week terms and two six-week summer terms. It would go into effect September 1978. CURRENTLY THE universities operate on the quarter system and the community colleges' academic vear is divided into three equal terms. A decision on the issue was postponed when the regents met last month to give their staff more time to gather information on the controversial proposal. York said, "Our answer is that we have already done as much as can be done and I am recommending that they (the regents) take some action on this item." YORK SAID he has worked under both the quarter and semester system and he personally favors the quarter plan. "It's really a matter of individual preference," he said. UF President Robert Marston favors the switch as does the Cou n cil of Student Body Presidents. Most of the opposition to the proposal has come from students. Last quarter 180 of 237 persons who filled out a ballot published in The Alligator favored the quarter system. The other 57 said they favor the semester proposal. LAST MONTH, regents Betty Ann Staton, Marshall Harris and Jim Smith all turned thumbs down on the plan while Gainesville regent Jack McGriff and James Gardner favored the plan. The only other major item the regents will consider is the future of the state's four laboratory schools, including UF's P.K. Yonge. The regents meeting is scheduled for 9:30 a.m. at the University of West Florida. e, wigaTor, Triaoy, opm i, iy// -rn U 77 TONIGHTAPRIL 9 TONIGHT SANDY VALLEY STUDENT AGRICULTURE BOYS FAIR SATURDAY MAIN STREET TONIGHTFRIDAY, JAZZ SUNDAY AMOS & RHONDA SATURDAY RIDES -GAMES -FUNENTERTAINMENT -Opens 12 Noon Saturday and Sunday AM. I 720 W. UNIV. MON-SAT 10-9:30 TONIGHT AT (TONITE TILL MIDNITE) SUNDAY6-12 STRICTLY MUSIC S(6 HRS ONLY -6 P.M. -MIDNITE) RECORDS ON SALE ALL RECORDS ON SALE --CLASSICAL, JAZZROCK, FOLK-YOU NAME IT, IT'S ON SALE *SPECIAL SPECIALS FROM RCA RECORDS: ALL JOHN DENVER 6.98 LIST LP'S -JUST 3.89 INCLUDING: ANVUE' "AN EVENING JOHN DENVER'S WITH "POEMS, GREATEST "SPIRIT" JOHNEDENR"S HITS 12.98 LIST AN VOL. 1 JUST PROMISES" 8.89 7.96 LIST-JUST 4." (2 LP SET) (II$WOMH UPATN@G.ALL MCOMSON SALmI frio4etu e-trril 1 1077 UNCLE SAM WANTS YOUI JOIN We want to Any one of our RECRUIT 13 service-loearning you programs Adopt-a-Grandparent Tuesday, April 5 Big Brother/Big Sister 7I30 p.m. i Doyctre Carleton Auditorium Detention Pal International Hassle-Free Lend-a-Hand One-Shot Rerat For more information Reretincontoct: SAOWn Sunlond ~' otc LS Pediatrics 322 Reitz Union Project Diversion 392-1608 day or night Tutoring Trenton C SAMSON symboIizes strength: PEOPLE HELPING PEOPLE 

PAGE 7

alligator, friday, opil 1, 1977, 7 m LET GATOR AUTO LEASING PUT YOU IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT. OF A NEW CAR, TRUCK OR VAN" LEASE and RENTALS AVAILABLE. WE NOW HAVE 8 and 15 FATENTIN PASSENGER VANS FOR PRATERIT~fl RENTAL GATOR AUTO LEASING 3535 N. MAIN 372-2569 Affiliated with Howes-ChryslerPlymouth COME EARLY SUPPLIES LIMITED DEALERS WELCOME NO REFUND$A %NO EA S NORCECKS IN SH PIO)NIEER Regular Price $25.00 SParkingLot PrIce 19.9w Parking E ~m e Price Lot Price .1 only JBL L100 s 666at/ 566.00 2 prIC JBL L-26 5 33600 r79.95 JBL L-36 S 4,50. 00 .At,95 -L 20Q S136800 JBL STy TAN-8250 STEREO CAR STERE Reguli Model *Pice 851 AMFM/Stereo/8-troCk S129 704 AM/FM/Stereo Rodia Si 9R 606-CB AM/FM/Cassette/CB S419( 528 Mini 8-track S 54. os ar Parking Lot Pric 95 89.95 95 69.95 95 239.95 95 39.95 ---* -.-e p :: 0 2-Channel Operotlon: 150 watts per channel. minimum RMS at18 ohms from 20Hz to20 kHz with no more than 0.1% Total Harmonic Distortion. Regular Price Parking Lot Price TAN-8250 Power amp S1,300.00 650.00 STR-7065 Receiver S 550.00 424.00 STR-1800 Receiver S 180.00 154.95 PS4750 Turntable S 364.95 259.95 TA200F Pre Amp S 580.00 199.00 TC-Coss. Rec. S 6500 57.95 TV-778/WTV 5 15000 139.95 TFMC-0Digitol Clock Radio S 40.00 35.00 Qal PION*-=Jg Regular Paoring 4ocet Price LotPrice SX-1050 Receiver S70000 569.95 SX-850 Receiver S50000 429.95 SX-550 Receiver S25000 209.95 Spec 11 Power amp S90000 53.6 SA-8500 Integ. amp S40000 297.00 Proj-100 Speakers S250 00 159.00 CTF-8282 Coss. Deck S40000 299.95 TX-65OOTuner S17500 149.00 SE-205 Headphones S 2500 19.95 LBIIICI .LNVIAY ITURNTABLES Model *920Complete with base. dust cover and cartridge Regular Price S137.80. Parking Lot Price 79.95 Model 980 complete with base. dust cover and cartridge. Regular Price S2MS0 Parking Lot PrIce 169.95 inl J&C'ktheBOX RESTAURANTS 2 Jack Burritos for $1.*00 41209 West University Ave. 2 blocks from Campus COCH* 9"YI C=d 4 otMi ~ 76 CEDTW! UF student suspect in pet deaths By PATIO KLISE Alligator Staff Writer A UF chemistry student is among the list of suspects police are investigating in the poisonings of more than 30 animals in an area off West University Avenue. Police are not releasing the names of the suspects because it would jeopardize their investigation, according to Gainesville Police Department (GPD) Animal Control Warden Lee Padgett. The case is being turned over from the regular uniformed police patrol to a special detective investigator, according to GPD Sgt. Mike. Allison. While police are investigating the case, test results from autopsies performed on three of the animals have conclusively proven that 10-80, a deadly rat poison is being fed to the animals in pieces of meat. UF Veterinary Toxicologist Dr. George Eadds, who tested a meat specimen, said traces of corn grain in the animals' stomachs leads doctors to believe that cornbread is also being used. Meanwhile, residents of the five block area between Northwest 15th Terrace and Northwest 21st Street are living in fear, unable to let their animals outside alone, according to former pet owner Betty DeBellevue. "There's nothing we can do. We're in limbo. We can't let the dogs out until they catch the poisoner and they can't catch him unless someone actually sees him doing it," DeBellevue said. Man arrested on obscenity rap A 19-year-old Gainesville man was arrested for distribution of obscene material Wednesday in the wake of a city controversy over obscenity laws. Curtis Wayne Forgarty, 3380 SW 20 Ave., said he was "just doing his job" when police entered the Gainesville Adult Bookstore at 606 N. Main at about 9:30 p.m. and made the arrest. Gainesville Police charged the clerk with three counts of distributiop-,. of obscene material and took him to the Alachua County Adult Detentio Center. Forgarty was later released on bond. Forgarty said he was not treated fairly. '. don't know why a guy has to be picked up from work just for working. It's hard to find a jobyou know' Forgarty said. "We don't drag people in here off the streets to buy magazines and things, he said. ___.I I low-r-T w I 

PAGE 8

6. alligator, friday, april 1, 1977 -edito-H I P mP Jockstrapped When Ruth Alexander gets on the soapbox, she likes to pluck at your heartstrings. And she should. The director of women's athletics is most convincing as she describes the problems of women athletes at UF. The chilly pools at odd practice hours, shoddy or nonexistent equipment and lack of scholarships are all inequitable conditions Lady Gators are forced to endure. At the urging of people like Alexander, who opposed sexual discrimination in athletics, the feds in 1972 demanded comparable funding for men's and women's programs at institutions receiving federal money. UF and other universities have until next year to comply with Title IX or suffer cutbacks in federal aid To show they're trying to go alongUF Athletic Association officials are quick to pull out their $4 million budget and point at the cuts they've made here and there in order to give "comparable" funding to women's athletics. Ticket price increases and requests for more student activity fees were made with the justification of increasing the meager $135,000 budget Alexander had to work with in 1975-76. But if activity fee allocations had been increased to the almost $500,000 requested, only about $100,000 of that would have gone to the women. "I feel women athletics have to get the funds to stay within the affirmative action plan set forth in Title IX," Athletic Director -Ray Graves readily insists. "There is no question the women's programs need additional support." But so far the funding of women's athletics by the association has only been a token effort. Apparently the boys in the stadium don't support the women enough to cut out the fat in the football budget or give up trips to the Sun Bowl by alumni and friends. So when some outside dollars come along,the officials at the Athletic Association are quick to grab it. For example, the bill introduced by Pete Skinner, D-Lake City, in the state legislature this past week. Skinner is calling for a special half-million dollar appropriation to the nine state universities just for women's athletic programs. It's the outside 'support" which Gator Ray was praying for and which Title IX says has to come from somewhere. Ruth Alexander adds, "We're trying to set up a program comparable to the men's, but the dollars are not there. We need to get the money from somewhere -we welcome this bill." Well sorry, Ruth, but we don't. We feel much like the state university Council of Presidents who voiced their unanimous opposition to Skinner's bill in the fear that it might take much-needed funding from academic programs. Even Skinner adds he will withdraw the bill if it looks like the money will hurt academic programs. We think Skinner should withdraw the bill for another reason too. Even though expected state revenue increases might cover the appropriation, we don't want to see a dangerous precedent established -namely pouring state money into an athletic association that could solve its own problem if it really wanted to. Until the association starts putting uniforms on women athletes by taking steaks off the plates of hefty linebackers in Yon Hall, the legislature should ignore their pleas for assistance. Sorry again, Ruth. We support your goals but not this bill. EDITOR: As a graduate of the UF College of Journalism and Communications, I feel I must comment on the continued requirement of physical education credits for graduation. As an undergraduate, I too sweated blood just to keep up with my classmates in handball and tennis, never realizing at the time how vital that part of my college training would be upon entering the "real world." During almost five years as a working television jourthe ti. S indelwadent y na ao Debrah bert Editor-in-Chief Andy Newman Managing Editor Tom Julin!* News Editor Andrew Froman News Editor Max Hackney 't Photo Editor Nick Pugliese i Sports Editor Joan Q u e#ijoI*. Inside Editor David Finkel Wire Editor Paul Anderson Opinions Editor Bill Hackney Layout Editor Liso Sheres Layout Editor C.E. Barber General Manager Mrs. Evelyn Best Administrator Anne Simpson Bookkeeper Lynda Homier POperations Manager Larry Johnson i Interim Advertising Director Kim Randolph 3 Advertising Assistant Katrina Sanchez,* Classified Manager Gale Smothers i Accountant Joy Kolbes : Business Manager Published by Campus Communications, Inc. P.O. Box 14257 University Station, Gainesville, Florida. Office behind the College Inn, 172B West University Ave. Classified Adveriising--376-4446, Retail Display Advertiing--376-44B2, Newsroom--376-4458, Production--373-9926, Business Off ice--376-4446. nalist, I found myself thanking my lucky stars I had PE UNDER MY BELT. My physical prowess was often put to the test chasing defendants and attorneys down numerous courthouse corridors, standing long hours for a morbid quote and some film of a grief stricken family member, or how about climbing to ridiculous heights up water towers, sides of mountains, buildings, anything to get that great opening shot for the six o'clock news? BUT MORE than that, taking PE enabled me to keep up with politicians and other public figures who persisted in sidestepping issues, dodging controversy or who generally attempted to keep the public off balance. This type of agility is important to budding journalists, as we've all witnessed too many attempts to knock First Amendment rights out from under many of our journalistic brothers and sisters. It's too bad not enough J-school graduates see the value in PE, and it's evident many of their knee jerk reaction stories to public opinion are drawn from their only form of recent exercise: elbow bending at the local press club. Harry Horn Class of '72 Reserved spots cause hassles EDITOR: Regarding the parking situation on campus: if you have wondered why there ist enough parking space drive by the lot nearest Tigert Hsll snd look st all the reserved parking spaces. Perhaps if the President, the VicePresidents, and other high-level administrators with reserved spots had to join the rest of us in our daily hunt for parking spaces, this situation might improve. Luis Castillo Career Service Employee ~ Seniuce Employee WAMhR BLUE&R1YCOfFfE4 [RUTA ILIET TOBACCO APlRONIAC advice and dissent leffers from readers Phys Ed has rewards 

PAGE 9

alligator, friday, april 1, I9, 9 Gay rights v.Citizens for Decency 1 EDITOR: On March 29 you ran a column written by Brian D. Jones, an admitted homosexual. Mr. Jones went into lengthy detail about atragic act of pure violence con cerning the murder of one small homosexual by three "big football players." He goes on to state that the football players received only probation for their confessed deed. Then Mr. Jones assumes that the Arizona Superior Court Judge characterizes the football players as decent citizens which "brings us," Mr. Jones says, "to our own decent citizens right here in Gainesville, specifically, the Citizens for Decency." WHAT WE would like to know are several things. First, what is the connection between us and the three football players? They are certainly not members of our organization, we weren't even formed then. Secondly, we didn't murder anyone. In fact, we too love the boy that was murdered as Mr. Jones stated he did, although probably in a different fashion. The difference between us and Mr. Jones probably lies in the fact that wel love the three football players too, not for their horrible deed, but the boys themselves. They, as did their victim, need help. We don't want to belabour the point, but it is interesting to us how three "confessed" killers got off with probation in the f irst place. Now we are not going to turn this column into a debate, however we do want it understood that lies, repression, slander, hateful bigotry and just plain old hate are not descriptive of the Gainesville Citizens for Decency as Mr. Jones would have you think. You may ask, what is our purpose? Our answer, with respect to homosexuality is simply this: We feel that to equate rights and recognition to homosexuality with rights to minority groups created by birth is wrong. Homosexuals were not born that way. They have a choice. WE JUST feel that recognition given to homosexuals as a group is an imposition on our rights. Suppose a group came along that only performed sex with animals? Should they be recognized as having rights as a group also? We feel that no individual or group has the right to impose their morality on the community as a whole. But the community does have that right and the Gainesville Citizens for Decency was organized to help in that endeavor, not to try to do it by themselves. Jim Glass Gainesville Citizens for Decency ** EDITOR'S NOTE: Joseph Reppert, public relations director for First Federal Savings and Loan of Miami, said that Bryant still has a contract for advertising with the bank. Several calls were made tothe bank inprotest of Bryant's political activities on both sides of the issue, he added, but there was no financial pressure due to loss of accounts. EDITOR: I wish to congratulate Brian Jones on his recent column concerning homosexuals and the Citizens for Decency. I for one thought that sort of provincial "witch hunting" was over and done with many years ago. Persecution of any form is unforgivable and I can only imagine the ignorance from which it springs. I did read last week in a South Florida paper about a bombing attempt on one of Miami's gay leaders and Jones has good reason to be scared. Are these the same sort of scare tac* * ties we can expect from the Citizens for Decency? An Alligator article Monday on the group quoted one 0i its members, Jim Glass, as sang, "If they want to be homosexuals let them pay the price." I feel that all minorities have paid the price for all too many years. Why should any minority be persecuted because they are different? Didn't the first settlers in America come to escape persecution? I should hope that during President Carter's campaign for human rights in other countries. some attention will be focused on the inequalities in this country. I WOULD ALSO like to mention Anita Bryant. Why you may ask? Good question. Everybody has heard everything she has had to say, but not much has been told about what happened to her. I was informed that she was a representative for a South Florida bank and that they EDITOR: I've been wanting to write something like this for a long time, and after reading a recent newspaper article, I was motivated enough to finally start writing. The article was about David Kopay, a former running back in the NFL who has disclosed his homosexuality. He admitted that there are a large number-of homosexuals in the NFL and that "people would fall over in shock" if they knew who they were. I'm glad that people are finally coming out with their homosexuality. It's too bad though that the only people who can are the people who have made a name for themselves and who have enough money to tell the rest of the world to "fuck off." IF YOU think that there are only a small number of homosexuals in this country and that these people are plagued with some kind of mental disorder, then you're quite mistaken. These people aren't sick, they're human beings just like the rest of us. Society is what causes the problems for these people filling them with unnecessary guilt and fear of being found out. Since I started associating with gay people here in Gainesville about a year ago I was amazed at the number of people whom are either gay or bisexual. Believe it or not, there are thousands here alone. From my friends in Washington D.C., California, and New York I've discovered there are thousands in every profession ranging from congressman and lobbyist, actor and writer, to doctor, lawyer, and Indian chief. I couldn't help but laugh to myself when certain denominations here persecuted homosexuals when I know in their very congregations are dozens of members whom are either active homosexuals or former ones who were so freaked-out because of the way society raises us to view homosexuality that they felt they had to repent. I THINK it's time we all got over ourselves and started accepting people as people instead of labeling everyone and holding on to the bigoted values of our elders. I mean, just think, back in '63 people didn't vote for Kennedy just because he was Catholic! It's time for bigotry to end. Let's stop persecuting our fellow man just because the color of their skin may be different, or they have a different religion or nationality, or because their at they're attracted to members of their own sex. We only have one earth -let's make the best of it! Jeff Jones 4AS ** would continue to use her as advertising in spite of all that publicity. Well, she was later fired by the bank. Why? Because gays in South Florida started closing their accounts at the bank and made it known why the accounts were being closed. They couldn't afford to keep her any more, so she was f ired. Would it be possible to find out what businesses are owned by the Citizens for Decency members and use the same type of financial pressure? "If they want to be bigots let them pay the price." I think we should all say a prayer for Richard Heakin and all the Richard Heakins of the world! Name withheld as requested Legal services in best student interest EDITOR: I am writing in response to the position taken by Rolf Groseth regarding the funding of ASFAC of student group legal services. As a past member of the ASFAC committee I realize that it is difficult to make budget decisions. However, the members of the ASFAC committee courageously faced the problems of limited funds and enormous requests last Tuesday to arrive at what was possibly for the greatest overall student good. Rolf has stated that there are not sufficient funds to fund new programs. Therefore, exit the students' legal services program. This stand appears typical of a simplistic view. Since when do we fund agencies solely because they were funded the previous year or fail to fund programs because they haven't previously been funded? Since a program is a new program, if we accept Rolf's view, we don't need even consider its merit relative to other programs, we simply don't fund it. THE STATE legislature gave the students the power to allocate the student activity fees because those funds are intended to be spent for the benefit of the student body. They wisely felt that the students were more attuned to the student needs than most school administrators. The legal services program for students is potentially the most beneficial program for students to come out of Student Government in the past 10 years. However, since it is controversial to allow students to have legal representation, a veto of the funding appears the easiest way to avoid a hassle. Exit the students' interests. At the ASFAC committee meeting Rolf stated that the Athletic Association was 99 per cent sure of receiving two previously unplanned regionally televised games at an estimated income of $200,000 per game. Now, I am not suggesting that the Athletic Association's budget request of $340,000 be cut to provide funds for legal services but it seems strange Rolf would prefer to eliminate a worthwhile program rather than reduce the budget of an agency with fee generating capability. I urge the members of the ASFAC committee and the UF administration to stand by the students on this issue. Other universities have this type of program and our students deserve the chance to have one also. Kenneth Harrison SG Director of Legal Affairs LETTERS POLICY 'he Alligator welenome ophiei h amee and let m to the editor. All Pmue'FIpta s bew e Typed,deubsle-spesd, ana6O raetor line. 9 Signed by the author. Na .my be withmAhe from puhet i N thewrr en*m s his or her nem, waite. withheld -am" by the 6se0ture a d prstvde a god roam. Bar wIthheh0g the me.M Sead euGm0s d ad ses to "AlIgar asm Eftwsr, 3. 14257, 32001,"ewwdnep dmby't AN r, 1728 We* Umlverity Ave. advice and dissent letters from readers I 

PAGE 10

16, alligator, friday, april 1, 1977 -This page paid for at usual advertising rates. Askew's Budget Reverses Funding Trend Gov. Rubn b bdt Would Provide $45 More Per FTE woldrves a five-year funding trend for State universities, The Board of If Approved by the Legislature Regents staff haes reported. Th BOR's latest Legislative Report from $2,237 to the current $1,836 per FTE to $1,931 per FTE for 1977-78, the Reort Says that since 19-73, the State Universtudent. Constant dolars are spendable says. This would be the first increase in sity System FAG budget (all units at UF dollars adjusted for Infation. fiyears and only the third since 196840. except WAS and Health Center) has Implementation of the governor's reTegovernor's proposed budget callsfor decreasedannually in constant dollars -commendations would increase the flg a $31.4 million increase in E&G funding, not counting salMarInress.Tis would mean a6.1 per cent Inrose .ingfor operating e4z p m evrrr t ent dyear'5 estimted expendtureleveL Incrase, BRFms' ouinclude $302 mlion for otherprs Uservices (OPS: salaries for oilir tm fuR-dma employees); $3.44 millim for eating expense(OE)and $5m~fionfJrw e--t capital outlay(OCO). Ur's portion of ihe EAG budget is normaly about per ot In addition to Increases for normal funding, the budget calls for "Program improvemet," including $1 mllio for U niv rI Pjty additional books and equipment, $2.4 Presidents Ask 1-cent million for reducing the number of .est C n academic postions filled b, graduate I < foHmatroik and Publcatonse in S a le s T a x members and $. million for m tra Se Ces to commoncate ofPresidents of Florida's state universities and community colleges have called tive support at FIU's North Miami tcal non ces importantt for a one per cent increase in the state sales tax to take care of proposed increases campus. ,ntormaton to students, facfor education and other stae services. The governor's budget is based on an ot I & stat at the Unsuetssty The action, taken Monday in Tampa where councils of both groups of presidents estimated 77,150 four-quarter-average were in session, endorses Gov. Reubin Askew's budget proposal. FTE student enrollment, an Increase of 3.5 The full text of the conclusion of the resolution reads as follows: per cent over this year's enrollment. FTE "The Councils of community colleges and university presidents do hereby enrolment is based on the number of dT unanimously express teir support of the governors leadership in proposing credit hours taken rather than on budToday's Last Day electedtaxincreaseand urethdateleislaturetoenact tax inceaselikely ta count.Rise.euivalent toan undergraduate generate the additional revenues required for adequate funding of public higher student taking 15 hours and a graduate o Drop,A ;Fee education and other essential state services in Florida. student 12 hours. "The presidents further resolve that the one increase most likely to generate Gov. Askew's budget also calls for an Deadline M onday suchrevenues is the proposed e-nt incrae in the sate tax." additional mi for salary increases for SUS employee.Salary incr__es for Drop and add cards must be submitted faculty and A&P employees in the collecto the Registrar's Office in Tigert bese-tive bargaining unit is now in the hands of aint by 4 p.m. today, and fees must be E& G Faculty U rged To Subm it the Legislature. The BOR and the UFF paid by Monday or students risk being agreed on an average 8.85 per cent assessed a $25 late fee. Students wi Proposals for STA R Research increase proposed by special master financial aid pick-up appointments April 5 LeRoy Collins but could not agree on how or later will automaticolly-have any late University of Florida faculty members proposals will then be forwarded to the the increase would be split. The UFF fees waived. or faculty groups in E&G colleges are BOR office for review by various commit. wanted 5.5 per cent for an across-theStudents may pay fees at the Hub in urged to submit proposals for funding to tees and councils and the state agencies. board increase and 3.35 per cent for person from 9 to 3 weekdays, or use the conduct research on state problems under Recommendations for the awarding of discretionary increases. The BOR wanted drop box at the Hub's north end, or the the State University System's STAR STAR research funds are scheduled to be 3 per cent across-the-board and 5.85 per mails. Student Accounts Director John (Service Through Application and Represented to the BOR in early June. cent discretionary. The governor's budget Arvin says that all fees in the drop box search) program. Projects range from "A Definition of the calls for a 6.35 per cent salary increase, 3 when opened at S a.m. Tuesday will be on Over 100 research projects for 21 state Components of Quality Education" to per cent for across-the-board and 3.35 per time, and all mailed-in fees postmarked agencies have been identified for the next "Alligator Research and Mangement Pro.cent discretionary. before midnight April4 will be regarded as academic year. Copies of each research gram." Last year UF researchers were For Career Service employees, the on time. project with more specific details are awarded $156,070 for six new research governor's budget would provide inStudents who have lost their fee cards available in Room 207 Grinter Hall, along projects under the STAR program. Addi creases averaging slightly in excess of 10 should obtain duplicates at the Informawith guidelines for submitting proposals. tional research funds totaling $177,469 per cent. This would include 3 per cent tion Booth across the street from the Hub, The list has also been distributed to deans, were awarded to UF to continue projects across-the-board and class adjustments rather than inside the Hub. directors and department chairmen in form 1975. $100,000 in funds for solar similar to last year to maintain competi F E&G budget units. research among universitieswas tiveness with private industry. Financial Aird Researchers have untl 5 p.m., Frday, aso awarded to UF toamnie r. April Ato submit proposals to Catherine ppointment an KennedyinRoom2= GrinterHa. All Insurance Deductions To Double Works Well So For Storm Water Meeting Most students are adhering to the Slated Monday, Tuesday For 9-Month Faculty for Summer financial aid pick-up appointments asThe Storm Water Management Model Nine and ten-month faculty members to affected faculty under the State signed to them, says Student Accounts Users Meeting covering topics in environwho have University Health and / or programs sometime in may. Director John Arvin, and the lines have mental engineering, sewerage systems, American Bankers' Ife Insurance will Questions concerning payment of health shortened measurably. and urban runoff problems will be held at have twice the usual amount for those insurance can be directed to the Insurance "We hope students will continue to be as the Gainesville Hilton Monday and Tues. insurances deducted from their April 8 Office, 236 Hub 210. cooperative as they have been," said day. through June 17 paychecks, to cover the Arvin. "If students continue to stick to the The UF Department of Environmental coverage for summer months. A memo Health Professions appointment times assigned to them, the Engineering, in cooperation with the will be sent out to affected faculty process will continue to go smoothly. As Environmental Protection Agency is detailing the deductionplaninthenext few Counseling Monday far as we can tell, the longest some sponsoring the sessions, which wil extend days. students have had to wait in line is 20-30 from9 a.m. to5 p.m. Monday and9 a.m. to According to the Personnel Division A program designed specifically for minutes --a vast improvement." noon Tuesday, and are open to the public. nine and ten-month faculty have paid by preprofessional students will be praented Financial aid pick-up appointments will For further information, contact Wayne personal checks in the past, which oen Monday at 7:30 in the Beits Union continue through April 11, until all of the C. Huber or James P. Heaney, 392-046. were not received in time to continue Auditorium. Vice-President for Health approximately 6,500 financial aid redsummer coverage or were for the incorAffairs Chandler Stetson wi speak on points have been taken care of. Students UF Accident Forms rect amount or made out to the wrong "Health Related Professions: An Overwith pick-upappntmntsafter the April4 Must Bepayees. The advanced payroll deductions view of Present and Future Health fee payment deadline will not be penalzed Omp O are intended to rectify those problems and Needs." and will have late fees waived automatiSuperavisors in various tts assure continued coverage. cally. reminded that when an occpainayFaculty enrolled in the State Health and Students who have faced to honor their related accident occurs in their area, te state Employees Lfe Inurance plap will Medical, Dental assigned appointment tmes or those wan University's "Ocpaional Injury Investcontinue to pay for summer coverage by feloten houldg o b e da igation Report" from mut be filled out mn check. Psnel Division offiTest Deadline appointment,hu go by and smitt to e He and Safety ls sad that arrangements to pay by counts at the db to make an Department within 46 hours of the advanced payroll deductions could not be Students planning to take the MredIa time for a futre date. accident. Copies of h4 forms (Nh adeforfacuy ontheState plan because College Admision Test (MCAT) or the Form 1) may be obtained from h "prOle ennteed by the Univer Dental A dm n Test (DAT) on April 30, Univesity Prining Dvisin. -y'prepaying the matching tru must have their qppnadeas ehedtsd about completion of the form may be ons for each employee in the state with a postmark no later thn Monday, directed to the Health and Safety Deprtprogram." A notice explaining the dead. April 4. Applications are avallha In 113 Nse mnt at 39-15l2. ne andmethod of payment will be maed Andeon M exttestingdateIs not until The University of Florida is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. --m 

PAGE 11

alliator. friday, ath 1. 1977. 11 INNOVATORS WANTED Un Party will be holding letting interviews for STUDENT SENATE and STUDENT COURT WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY, FRIDAY 3-8 P.M. Room 355-356 J.W. Reitz Union Join the UN PARTY team Paul Lieno, President Gary Gunter, Vice President Terri Mills, Treasurer Mike Demont, Traffic Court Ch. Justice The Butchers Three 2003 S.W. 13th St. 375-MEAT Weekend Specials We Now Accept Food Stamps Specials good Fri. & Sat. By ROBERT RIVAS Alligator Staff Writer Blasting current Student Government officials and promising a return to integrity, Student Sen. George Schaefer announced his candidacy for president Thursday. Schaefer has spent two frustrating terms in the senate--senators continually rejecting his attempt at ethics reform. SCHAEFER'S CANDIDACY is unique in that he has no party or slate. He is running as an independent without candidates for treasurer or traffic court chief justice. "The present system reeks of corruption," Schaefer said. "It breeds apathy and creates distrust." Sen. Bill Haft will run as Schaefer's vice presidential choice. THE DUO opened their campaign with a challenge to all other parties to sign the campaign code of ethics. The code, which the senate refused to approve this week, is a pledge to conduct a fair campaign without slandering the opposition unfairly. Schaefer called it "outrageous" that the senate would reject the code. He"also urged the student body to adopt the proposed new constitution, a measure which will appear on the election ballot. Schaefer is responsible for getting the referendum placed on the ballot that will gauge student opinion on a propoal to shift to the semester system. He also headed a petition drive which resulted in placing his SG code of ethics on the ballot. Grassroots eyes city contests Student Government's Grassroots political party won't be tremendously active in this year's SG elections, instead turning its attention to the Gainesville Citv Commission. About 25 Grassroots members Wednesdas oight voted to endorse David Streit, 3BA, tor the Mas 3rd citv commission race, but refused to run an SG presidential candidate or endorse any of the candidates already running. "The party is split up too many ways. Grassroots party Chairman Tom Marsh said Thursday. "The party is essentially so badly split that there is just no way we could unify behind somebody." The decision to endorse Streit -who prefers to be known as an environmental candidate rather than astudent candidate -was unanimous among the Grassroots members meeting in the J. Wayn Reitz Union. r OAK and J.W. Reit z Union Presents: L A FESTIVAL TI MM ART~Si FLORIDA JAZZ BELLY DANCING BAND KARATE MAGIC SHOW DEMONSTRATION FENCING FLORIDA PLAYERS DEMONSTRATION LUNCHBOX THEATER APRIL 4th thru 6th Union Colonnade / Dannon Yogurt 3/$1.00 Fillet Mignon 99c EACH Veal Patties 4/$1.00 Chicken Cordon Bleu. $1.49 EACH Miller Bottles $1.59 six pack INDEPENDENTS RUN ON'INTEGRITY' .George Schaefer, Bill Haft Schaefer blasts SG officials, pledges government reform ,_A, lu 

PAGE 12

12, alligator, friday, april 1, 1977 Carnigras provides fun, funds for Gator Loan By A. TODD POLIN Alligator Writer Featuring the "Super Himalaya" which uses more than 9,000 flashing lights plus discoteque music to titilate its riders the eleventh annual Carnigras '77 opened Thursday night at UF's ROTC field. However, Carnigras '77 is more than just a fair wi# rides and attractions. The Carnigr aebilps send UF students to school. ,,"R ABOUT the last five years Carnigras has brought money into the Gator Loan Fund, a loan program for UF students. According to Max Fletcher, director of the Fund, this year's fair is expected to bring in more than $20,000 which is then matched nine to one by the federal government. Last year $225,000, including the federal matching funds, was raised for the fund by Carnigras, Fletcher said. Student Government Business Manager Miles Wilkens refused to give the exact per cent the loan fund gets from the fair's receipts. THE MONEY generated by the Carnigras is then "merged with the National Direct Student Loan program and becomes available to graduate and undergraduate students," UF Director of Student Financial Affairs Douglas Turner said. "The Carnigras has been the most reliable single contributor to the Gator Loan Fund program." Turner said. About 2,000 students participate in this program with the average loan handed out at about $950, he said. The loans are paid back after the student finishes school. To be eligible for the loan students "must demonstrate they do not have sufficient financial resources to meet their college costs," Turner explained. AMONG THE rides which help bring in money for the loan fund is the "most popular ride in the country" -the "Super Himalaya," Walt McCarthy, publicity officer for Deggeller Amusement Co., said. The "Super Himalaya" cost $350,000 to build. With 68 fairs scheduled this year the company moves about every two weeks, McCarthy said. It takes about two days for the fair to be set up. IT IS for this reason the rides are "extremely safe," McCarthy said. "Everytime we set up and dismantle the equipment a worn part or defective part will be noticed in contrast to permanent amusement parks where the rides are stationarv,,he said. 4b --g ... WORKERS AT CARNIGRAS SITE .fair expected to brig in $225,000 for loon fund There has never been a fatality from the Monday through Friday the fair will open at rides with only minor injuries occurring, he 5 p.m., on weekends it will open at noon. said. On Friday and Saturday nights the fair will "MOST OF our injuries are due to people close at 1 a.m. with other nights ending at I I getting off our rides before they stop." p.m. McCarthy said. No fee to walk into the fair grounds will be Each time the rides are dismantled the charged but tickets for the rides will cost 30 "moving parts are lubricated" and a "safety cents each and can be bought at cheaper check" is given, he said. rates of 12 tickets for $3 and 25 tickets for The Carnigras will run through April 9 $6. Burt Reynolds in Showing THE WhTat the FIJI House YARD* Phi (amma tIta frattrmtu Rotm / 77 Plus many Warner Bros. cartoons STARTING AT 8:30 PM -1 _______________________ ____________ I _____________________ Ie(.niIff with a SUSON SPECI ALITake a -in W ith lifThere s no season like the sunshine W9H season to explore the fascinating world of flying. And you canr. actually fly an airplane under the expert guidance of a professional Cessna Pilot Center flight instructor for only $10! Your Discover" Flight will introduce you toa new dimension of fun anA adventure. And $. pays for everythi 1orida aviation academy ANOTHER SATISFIED CUSTOMER DON APPLETON BOB LARSEN BETTY DAVIS Phone -377*e4Q~ ] 

PAGE 13

0 0 0 RIDE THE DUBS DISCO EXPRESS HOURLY RUNS TO AND FROM CAMPUS AT THE o FOLLOWiNG LOCATIONS: Hume, Broward, Tolbert, Sorority Row The South's Largest Western Store YOUR HEADQUARTERS FOR: LEVI'S, LEE WRANGLER, PIONEER, STOCKMAN BY PMC PIONEER, PANHANDLE SLIM LEVI'S ASTERISKS BOOTS BY TONY LAMA, FRYE LEVI'S FOR FEET COMPLETE LINE OF MEN'S AND LADIES' WESTERNWEAR AND HORSEMAN'S SUPPLIES ONE WEEK ONLY: WE'LL GIVE YOU $2.00 towards the purchase of any pair of LEVI'S with this coupon CUP THIS COUPON GOOD FOR ONE ITEM PER COUPON I s2.00 off the price of any pair of Levi's I inthe store ,,I .ddlmedtMa r 1/77 I~u RANCHER am MW. g eh olligator, friday, april ,1977,13 I J I ALL LADIES DRINK FREE 0 Fri. and Sat.Nites (8-10) The Chickeaedee Special returns to Dubs this and every weekend 0 Visit Our New Backgammon Club 0 and ploy the night away 4560 N.W. 13th Street III Weekly. svmmer --<I what's happening SOUPY SALES: The Catholic Student Center Parish Council and Newman Club is sponsoring a bread and soup supper tonight at 6. Donation is 75 cents for adults, 50 cents for children. DIABETICS: There will be a social and instructional get. together tonight at 6 in the Boulware library room HD-502 for all students with diabetes. Refreshments will be served. DANCE DANCE DANCE:The UF Folk Dance Club will meet tonight at 9 in the Norman Gym. Come and see the purple rag." BAHA'I: The Baha'i Association will meet tonight at 8 in room B-65 of the J. Wayne Reitz Union for a filmstrip presentation of the life of the founder of the Baha'i faith. GIVE ME LIBERTY: The student Libertarian Movement will meet tonight at 8 in room B-70 of the Union. IN FOCUS: The Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship will meet tonight at 7:30 for a FOCUS meeting at 1301 NW 31st Dr. FUN AND GAMES: The University Methodist Church is sponsoring a fun night tonight at 8 at 1320 W. Univ. Ave. There will be a pool party and a prize for the best April Fool's stunt. EAT IN: There will be a transcendental gat-in Sunday afternoon at 921 SW Depot Ave. sponsored by the Hare Krishna center in support of religious freedom on the Plaza of the Americas. ERA: The National Organization for Women will meet tonight at 7 in room B-60 of the Union for a Florida ERA caravan. A film and speakers are featured. PASSOVER: Passover services will begin Sunday at 9:30 a.m. at the Hillel Foundation. There will also be a service Saturday night at 7:30. DON'T WORRY: There will be a one-hour color film presentation "How to Overcome Fear and Worry" sponsored by the Campus Outreach organization Sunday night at 7:30 in room B-75 of the Union. Everyone is welcome. BUY A GARAGE: The Mental Health Association of Alachua County is sponsoring a garage sale Saturday from 9 a.m. until 4 p.m. at the corner of University Avenue and NW 32nd Street. BELL RINGERS: The Telephone Company Pioneers of America will have a chicken barbecue take-out dinner Saturday at noon at 2180 NW 2nd St. Adult dinners are $2.50, children dinners are $1.50. PLAY ME: The UF Department of Theatre is sponsoring tr.outs for the summer repertory theatre Saturday and Sunda mornings at 10 in the Constans Theatre. Auditionees should have a 2-3 minute monologue prepared Woman charged with DWI S University police arrested a Gainesville woman on campu, Thursday for driving under the influence oi alcohol after si, failed a-finger-to-nose sobriety test in the parking of thArchitecture and Fine Arts Building at about 2 a.m. Police said they began to follow Deborah Calvert. 4304% NW 13 St., when they observed her driving "at a high rate of speed" and -swaying from lane to lane." Calvert. 21, parked the car when she noticed she was being followed, a spokesperson for the University Police Department (UPD) reported. Calvert was tested at the scene for sobriety and then taken to UPD where she failed a breathalyzer test. Calvert was also charged with driving without a valid license and driving with an expired license tag. She was later released to her roommate. 1MW.S 0M 1". -r ---.I I lewv-g ado in fine 

PAGE 14

Nwcmes SMThe Mbier SVig Co. M*suabs.WIg. == = 1 --..lammam-p === mim g = == 

PAGE 15

SG reforms, referendums won't appear on April ballot FAST 372-5900 FREE DELIVERY SUBMARINE SANDWICHES, SPAGHETTI, and LASAGNA DINNERS, CHEF'S SALADS Every Wednesday 2FREE Cokes With Every Pizza MARCO'S PIZZA, 110 N.W. 6th Street In Central Shopping Plaza U.S. Department of Defense ethics code, will be voted on by students election day April 13. "The students might not be able to vote on these (defeated) measures but they will be able to vote against the people in the senate who voted not to let them decide," Lobeck said. ACampaign Code of Ethicsbill drafted by Lobeck called for candidates to act "in accordance with the principles of honesty and respect for the rights of the opposition." Also defeated Wednesday was an SG Code of Ethics bill which called for student senators to act under "minimum standards of professional conduct and responsibility." Senators voiced their opposition to both bills claiming codes of ethics were unnecessary and would only provide fuel for fiery accusations of misconduct during the upcoming SG elections. Constitution to undergo vote UF student swill get a chance to vote on a Normally, Student Court Chancellor Shay proposed new student body constitution Bilchik would have certified the total which substantially revamps Student number of signatures, but Bilchik removed Government's power structure, Student himself from the task because he drafted the Court Vice Chancellor Frank Tamen ruled constitution and was instrumental in the Thursday night. petition drive. Tamen spent six hours Thursday checking The Student Senate could have to put the the validity of more than 2,600 signatures on constitution on the ballot, but rea petition putting the constitution on the jected the idea Monday night, forcing supApril 13 SG election ballot. porters to mount a last-minute drive to coUnder student body law, 10 per cent of lect the required number of signatures. UF's students must sign a petition to force If the new constitution is accepted by stuany constitutional amendment to a student dent voters it will be phased into effect betreferendum. ween next fall and spring. OAK PRESENTS: f A FESTIVAL OF'THE A* ART EXHIBITION#AND SALE April 4-8 *_10:.00am-4:00pm -Exhibits displayed at: Union Colonnade North Lawn 4* Free to the Pubki poord by: OAK, FRAMES AND THINGS, THE FRAME FACTORY, J.W. Reltz Union,.Univorsity College Coioncil, Arts and Sciences College *Concl, Education College Counci .1 I I -F U~iIIgUIUI, IrIoy, oui i", isW By FRANK BLANCHARD and ROBERT RIVAS Five Student Government reforms and six election referendums won't appear on the April 13 election ballot because supporters failed Wednesday to muster the required.500 petition signatures for any of the measures. The referendums could have been placed on the ballot by the Student Senate, but the senate defeated the referendums along with three of Student Body President Dan Lobeck's reform proposals Monday night. ONLY ONE reform, an SG code of ethics drafted by Sen. George Schaefer, gained enough student signatures by the 5 p.m. deadline, and Student Court Chancellor Shay Bilchik certified the total Thursday. Schaefer's ethics code, modeled after the fr@Aovff I 10-Y7 va I 

PAGE 16

I. alligator, friday, april 1, 1977 Getting the line on your future. 30 !5 0~ at te local palmist By PATRICK CONNOLLY Alligator Writer I'll admit, I'm a bit superstitious. I never walk under a ladder, I always break the wishbone with my youngest cousin at Thanksgiving and I even lift my feet off the floor mat when I drive over railroad tracks (it's supposed to protect you from accidents). I'm also dead serious when I make a wish over my birthday cake and I'm always searching the sky for a falling star or a UFO. BUT I'VE NEVER, until the other day, gone to a palm reader. My mother went once, back in her college days, and it had been a terrifying experience. She paid the palmist five dollars and put her hands face-up on the table. The palmist took one look at my mother's hands, gasped suddenly, turned ghostly white and uttered feebly' that she would not tell my mother what she saw. The five dollars was then joyfully refunded. With that thought in mind, I rang the bell of the home of Madam Anna, a local palm reader, out on Hawthorne Road. THE OUTSIDE of her house surprised me. I don't really know what I expected, but somehow the dusty construction going on across the street, the broken down boat behind the house, the browning grass waiting for rain and the wilting assortment of plants and flowers that covered the yard just didn't fit in. What did fit in were the numerous, colorful ceramic plant holders, statues and goblets, in all shapes and sizes, that were everywhere-from the lawn to the windowsills to the display just outside the front door. I was even more surprised when a young, sleepy-eyed, dark-complexioned, man answered the door. "HI," I said. "I was wondering if I might have my palm read." "My grandmother's not home right now, but she'll be back soon and you can wait inside, if you like," he said. *(ome on in." I entered, AH, THIS FITS in, I said to myself. It was a large, cool, rectangular room, decorated mainly in black and red. There were two black couches and another dark chair, a fireplace, two long, dark tables and several ornate, colorful lamps. The mood was broken only by the loud radio, the newspapers lying here and there throughout the room and the small rip in the red curtain closest to me. After about fifteen minutes of waiting, in walked a woman who said, "Ah. some days I am a hard woman to find." IT WAS Madam Anna. She was not dressed in black, she did not have a long black kerchief wrapped around her head, nor did she speak in a Hungarian accent. I was a bit disappointed. INSTEAD, Madam Anna was a short, sixtyish grandmother with a matronly figure. She was dressed in a simple blue and white dress and wore her short gray hair pulled back behind her head. She had large brown eyes and a bit of gold in a front tooth. She led me back outside (not o a dark, black room with a round table in the middle, like I had suspected) and into a partially enclosed area on the front porch. Madam Anna took her seat in an old wooden chair and directed me to sit in double-seated couch nearby. Against one wall was a table with numerous small statues of the Virgin Mary, a palm frond and several other assorted religious pieces. There were also a number of candles varying in size and color on the table. But they were unlit. "DO YOU want both hands read?" asked Madam Anna. "Well, I don't know," I answered. "How much will it cost?" "Ten dollars does both hands and tells all," she said. I AGREED (thankfully knowing I would be re-imbursed back at the Alligator), and gave her my palms. She took my hands in hers, studied them for a moment and then began. Once she started, she stopped only for an occasional question, and was always glancing with her dark eyes from hand to hand, motioning with a finger what line on my palm she was talking about. Her voice was clear and confident. "I SEE you will have a long, lorig life, and that you will be happy in the career yo4 choose. You are honest with your friends, but if they do something against you they are gone forever from your life. You yourself are true to your friends. Am I right or wrong?" (See 'Palms,' page 17) PALMIST MADAM ANNA .bcome awwr Of my gift When I was 15 or 16.' =oil 

PAGE 17

w NmII (continued from page 16) I nodded that she was right, slightly amazed. "I see you have had a good life so far, and that you have never tried to fool or trick anybody seriously. You have a quick temper, but control it within you. You don't let it out. You also hurry through things many times, you want to get things done quickly and sometimes they don't work out right and you have to start again. You listen too much to others' advice, and should stay with your own more often. You will be better off for it. Has this happened lately?" I NODDED yes again, but was not quite sure if such an instance had occurred in the recent past. She was right, though, about my temper and the way I hurry through some things. "You must depend on yourself more. You will have one love that you will think is true and is somebody you can trust, but it is not so. You will not be together with her. Your second love, though, will be true and you will be together." Well, I thought, that's encouraging. "HAVE YOU any questions?" "How about marriage and children?" I said, hoping for good news. "What did I tell you? Your second love will be your true one, and with her you will be happy," Madam said. "Yes, you will be married to her and have children. You will do LADIES HUARRACHES WOVEN LEATHER UPPERS MODIFIED WEDGE HEEL VALUES TO $25 NOW 12.99 NEW DRESS STYLES BY FREEMEN 22. "nd 24. All leather, expert detailing regularly to$ LADIES' DRESSSHADES .SIDEWALK' WnSANDALS LADIES SHOESSOCIAUTIES rCOBBlES o CASUALS, DRESS,I MR. RAPHAEL and othernow $2, $3, &$ FAMOUS MAKERSn o E MEN'S SHOESVALUES TO $25 'NOW 13.99 CASUAL & DRESS $ SSPSERUICESHE STORES 1947 N. Main Mon-Fri 10-9, Thurs 12 -10 -Sat 9-9, Sun 12-5:30 38 SALE & canvas 4 2, $4, $6 Youil love Pepe'sT(equila) Shirt.Onthe front you get Pepe's pcture.On the back you get a little surprise. It's easy toshp i into something nice-as long as you have Pepe's name onit. PE!LOPEZ TIUJIA r m m e d u m --L a m lanckm.e(S-)Sze(-) Ouwntft(-) SI y ate Zip Lmiedtimeonior er vadonly wter*eWiS MAn six weeks for .e-. I o oo om oo o o s -I Al aIigatartriopy, april11, 1977, 17 E L c --@* --------u -cr SEP SERVICE SHOE STORES GIGANTIC PREEASTER & E SALE all right in life, if you stay away from bad things and bad company and bad drugs. Those there can hurt you." I AGREED, but thought I had often heard those words before. That was about it for me. I could think of nothing else to ask. But Madam Anna was not quite done. "You will do all right in life my son," she said, "butI want to pray for you. I will pray for you. I will light one of my candles for you, and will think and pray for you. Do you have twenty dollars with which I can light my candle and pray for you?" OH WOW, I thought. "No ma'am, I sure don't have twenty dollars," I replied. "How much money do you have?" she asked. "I'M a poor student ma'am, and have only the ten dollars for the palm reading. I can't give you any money for a candle," I said. "I will still pray for you, and you can come back and talk to Anna again, sometime, free." Madam Anna takes her work seriously. "I have a strong reputation. People recommend me highly," she said. "I don't believe in cards, or horoscopes or any of that. I have my own gift and use only it." Born in Archer, Madam Anna has lived in and around the Gainesville area her whole life. She has been at her present location for the last six years. "I BECAME aware of my gift when I was 15 or 16 at a party," she said. "There was always a palM.reader at the parties during those days, and I started one time reading another girl's palm. I've been doing it ever since. "All kinds of people come to me, most of them wanting to know about some problem they have. Others come to look into the future," she said, "and many students come to hear about what their career holds for them. "If I see something bad on a person's palm, though, I don't tell them about it. I only say 'Be careful, take care of yourself, stay away from bad things and be cautious." MADAM ANNA believes the hand shows "what can be" and that the bad happenings foretold on some palms "can be changed, but you have to do it yourself." Cwft~ In Thursday's Alligator it was incorrectly stated that Faye Dunaway was a member of a UF sorority. Instead, she belonged to the Florida Beta chapter of Pi Beta Phi at Florida State University. Sorry, Faye. F 

PAGE 18

It. alligator, friday, april 1, 977 Delta Chi effort puts beer vote on spring election ballot By ROBERT RIVAS Student Court Chancelkr Shav Bilchik AlligatorStaff Writer certified the totals Thursday and ruled the question must appear on the ballot. In the April 1 3 Student Government IF's Athletic Assiiiation used ti allow elections students will get to v'ite nut inly for beer in the stands but changed its policy this politicians--beer will also be on the ballot. N ear to outlaw the drink leasing beer guzDelta Chi fraternity brothers Wednesday night decided the' were tired of not being able to drink beer at Gator baseball games. Bilchik said lie was surprised at the speed so they started a fast, furious and ultimately' of the petition drive. The Delta Chi members successful drive Wednesday night to bring delivered the tetitiins at 1 :30 p.m. the matter to students' attention. Wednesday, one half hour before the WITHIN THREE hours these collect deadline to force a question onto the ballot. ~00 signatures on petitions placing a "It indicates what you can do if you have a question t sthe April 13 Student tGoverncause you really believe in," Bilchik said. ment election ballot which asks if students 'They were all enthusiastic, screaming and fvor permitting beer in the stands selling as they came down the hall with the baseball games. etitions." SG to sponsor bus to lake UF students have a chance to check out ACCORDING TO Katzman, there will be Lake Wauburg, Sunday, compliments of intramural equipment available at the lake. Student Government. Since the SG Constitution prohibits spending A SG-sponsored shuttle bus will be leaving from the commuter lot at 10-minute intervals all day. BUT DEBBIE Katzman, SG director of public functions, termed the venture a "one shot deal." "We just want it to be a big party before classes get heavy and everyone gets annoyed with SG," she said. The lake is located south of Gainesville on U.S. 441, but if you don't have a car, just show up at the commuter lot between 9 and 5. The bus will be leaving for the lake about every 20 minutes, with the last bus for campus leaving from the lake about 4:30 p.m. U funds on food, Servomation has been contracted to sell refreshments, she said. An attempt was also made to get a jazz band but "there weren't enough outlets," said Katzman.' There are two recreational areas open at Lake Wauburg. Twenty acres on the north side of the lake have facilities for swimming, picnicking and boating. Canoes, sailboats and rowboats are available to UF students, faculty and staff. A recreational area in the Paines Prairie state reserve, located east of the lake, was completed in December, 1976. It includes a picnic area, swimming facilities, a bathhouse and p boatramp. Something new How I make the best pizza In town. kneaded. rolled, stretched sausage, pepperoni, lean and twirledty hand -ground beef. spices, 1 s when you order it. not mushrooms. onions, olives. before. We cook our green peppers and pizza cheese -real mozzarella on cheese. screens. not in You won't have to pans. That means search around for what you all the dough is cooked, bought either, because we t's with no soft parts in the pile it on. And we deliver to not easy to middle. your door. oven hot. make the best Others paint their sauce Why are we telling you pizza in townon with a bnsh. We ladle this? Because this is our T yh Y 0so on our Original Pizzama way, the Original and best many pizzas secret sauce generously. way. And the competition taste all about the When we buy our can't say the same. That's same r ingredients, only the why we're the pizza people, tshard. Youvegotto best wrlltdo. That plusstart with thefiri includes the: ingredients. Then you've bacon got to make it eght. Since A6%, ~ 4 were The Original,) Pizzaman, we get it right from the start. Our dough is fresh. Each pizza i-made to order:N."COUPONI FAST FREE CPZZAMAN WE D ERI DELIV ERY ,10SW 13h so3.-. 7 'tONW -a3M2415 102SN.e 370-3317 U U LAKE WAUBERG DAY sponsored by Student Government and the Office of Public Functions A .ADirector: Debbie Katzman DATE: Sunday, April 3,1977 TIME: 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. PLACE: Lake Wauberg Transportation will be provided FREE to all University of Florida students (with student I.D.). This will be provided by a Regional Transit Authority commuter bus, running continually from 9a.m. to 5p.m. The bus can be caught at the student commuter parking lot and at Lake Wouberg. Student Government and Intramurals will provide at the lake equipment for sport and game, including sample kites. Servomation will be selling refreshments at the lake. There will also be a Student Government Hospitality table with First Aid available. So come out and sun and fun with us, and welcome Spring Quarter. 

PAGE 19

alligator, friday, april 1, 1977, 19 alligator classifieds FOR SALE FOR SALE FOR SALE MSILI HOME fair sole, 30fl. Man ts, AC, harem Style corner couches 6 & 7feelg4.en 124mo 446hm426be449994I16.l covered patio, walking distance to compus, bases, green & turq. covers on 6 inch foam. front kmbchecompet2 edfrnimsheb 1200. call 37746M, 6-9 p.m. (4-5-7t-o) mtchn 941499llcsmpaceso9ys4s49442. ir9urno4owning4and shed376-j 3 6(3-31-2t-o) 372-5489 (4--on-) Anglewood 3 6R 2 both control air & Hoot(4-5-) fenced yard hardwood floors, separate dinMOVIE posters, most any movie lst few4.44494994aqua4i949499494 9 e949 ,ng& living rooms 4,5 0down 231 month 9 5 years from $6 mint 27"x4" 44o44n4 30.0 9.42 9god4sha 44449 9/991 1737 Square ft.372343 (4-1-51-o) theatre i d posters so movie photos 9best9c 4 oldr TVh rant a w/po 9 4 4 9 1930's-70$1 3780713 (4-5-5-o) i srs 20.0037r-509ate 7. (4-/-24Rolling On lowest prices in town on new &wr 2.07-59ofr7.(--used bicycles nw bikes $15. over, our cost Mobile home 2 br air control heat f6944sh.424 69444444. 264 h964969 r444449, accessories 10% -40% off. We can buldd1 6 d, rug 0x. wood panel solidnice,9 49444. 44u, 6 r b 1 4 o99 4shted, d you bike in any color -built anyway you quiet and shded. bus route se. 5559monthI 46 t,49 .llyn 44 9s4el i375. wont iti We WILL BEAT ANY EAL 4ON COMlot rent. nice pod3781073 (4-1-3t-o) 375-493 (4-448t m) pARA&Ly EQUIPPED BIKE Rolling On 5 SE 12 ___75-__ _4-__-__-_) st. 378-6 69Open seven days (4-011-4( greenhouse sole, healthy plants in clay clean 12x40 4lr, 21g br, I 4I 04po4s. Everything from po4ka dot to ,ig-9 949 r/4 ., utility4shed, 99416 44 ricknb6cker boas excel. cond.too"$= gybcks. lush baskets,4fernsfoliage,94 r, 94464, 994419s9e949 u9 48-5, 392 376-8555miChl (4-11-51-0) cacti, succulent, novelties(flytrapsetc),44at4k4c44e44) d.4o(p9 c(4p-5,o) over 200 species. sunday10-4 Newbey _____chrd ______4-_-) RECONDITIOIO STEREO COMPONENTS low rd. to 91 st follow signs. G'vlle's best varie. AMMOCKS4 Matrimonialsi499 prices 9 day warranty brand names -nw ty (4-1-31-a) -94A49419oKh96or24more. si6 loose speaker units 4 4 8 378-0192 (4-25944i e 499from Mexor 2 b igrei 20-0) K w 500 72 Good cond windshield, siss on37649 M(44--71o) bar. call Ray 486-2679, Bronson 500 or best 9ut6rs, gbson 12-stnig, 4s 4Paul, fender offer (4-1-3t-o) SONY POWER omp, DYNACO pro a 99re44494n6bass.9494944 44994449964, 199444499, 4still4444494 99449444, 43 REC394NG udio4 49e1 3340s )uni 0ddie Used Super Stereo, Boxe. Teac, Sony, old 944. 4a 5 l ) nysl400 Col 2 376-7498 (4-1411-0) 1Dynoco Sherwood, Pioneer, HarmonGlenn. (4-6-5t-a) Kordon 15 pieces, all or any piece, for sole 1973 capr -good sh4pe om4fm radio reasonable 377-4217 2-11 pm (4-5-51-)) girls 3-speed bike 2 years old $1250 cil after 6:00 378-2447 or 376-4378 -_. cond $25 or best offer 376-3766 (4-5 (4-4-5-0) super discounts on the finest sounding new CAR and home STEREOS 9nd professional Spring Sle: Photo norger; misc. CRESCENT BEACH 100' on Intr9coastal installations, 94l guaranteed 377-4217 2-11 suppl. Murray 10-spid. Backpc Wa9rway. D9 94wo 946 corner lot Zoned pm(4-5-54-) coming supply. Sci-fi + novel p for home or mob94 i Cho9e. City wate9 After 5: 378-9937 (4-6-51-a) Owner anxious toit4or, 1-6244105 days ADVENT CASSETTE dolby, chromium dioxide or .2W-4103444hs. (4-5-59-0) noise r d 4c like n )wl o 4ginal owner needs Nikorma. ft-2, block com6ra body cash call 377-6796 for detais after (5m (4months old, perfect shape, cost $1 BICYCLE GIRLS SCWHIN VARSITY. Cson. 5-59-a) sacrifice for $125. call evening 3 Good Cond. Call 378-519 of6.r 59p. A Jeff (4-6-59-4) 99489 44y. K90p Ty4n454-4-44-9) 99.r 309 TAPES for.) 164994ep 1)94p49n, .(45.) RealyKeep99, 499994444,944pp4lin, allm4n brothers from one dollar 9 call today call 377-6796 for dt 9469 44444r494d 449r99 w)6 80 6 Pentax 35 0 cmera owners manual, exafW 5pm (45-t-) tb6e Original box, mint condition ceptioral $130. royal type-il5r functions $292., sell 150. Cll 375-6996-susn. well only $15 small collection call 392-7192 WATER K0D 6 07 6.59iz 6 9,oo4 1 9 4 8 14 4 1 -9 K 4.e9, (4--3)eevatedca9l6-414fer 4 (44-5,-0 Sound Guard Record Prerva Refills two for $7.35. All Postpoid. Land Fokr, s Coty1s40 oc ith O'BREN 89" Mch 1 Slolo ski with case Cin9m99 1428 on Marco, Jax,L 91332 9 akes.4-759n 1i-10, D.m c acts on Sharp-S70 cal Dove S. at 372-9398 (4-4t-sr) jke, terms, Pvi Crew%-is 5 live ookW 3N8 ER -534900 or b offer 4904-362-239 (4-12-0Plant sole daily 10-64scheffs3-5' full 6.95 8" 31 trr; 3 br; VA of FHA loon vilob baskett 4.30 6".b4ske 32.5 st. 3" 4684nytime (4-1I-sr) 996s94644 10 speed, 99ow1199 -a ycu 9from 35C 3530-87 swave. pinehurst sport4/l LID; Y 3-8894 (4-12-10-.) park (4-1-219) casse 9 pl4y9er-rcrder" dby no st dant al tv 19 $M ir b~ 3th large control 8443 or w/stond 40.00, ole and 1) ir, cent 9own on 5-3077 or 1/2b, oc in shady 1-1655 or )mmocks ment lust ion. call mp. Mint 37-996 xcellent .5-4t-0) dorkirm :k; misc. aperbkis. only 2 190 new, 78-0342, 610 turnon. Retail Kit $5.75 1Coastal 07 (4-14233 99 le -377w $170 Js Lmn sucent coor tv nIi par t kie mps $10373-5M8M (4-4-219) H da 8 350 Runs Super, Need To Se To Pay un dSa 8250 Groot Transpo Cll 3789171 Ask For Monk Or 466-3453 Ask Ron (47-5-0) Solex Mo-P4d 150 miles per gallon $100 Vas" 9 ) hiking and climbing bo size II D low mil 9 $40 Steve 373-8344 evenings (4-1-114-) DRAFTING SET bow compass *xtro nice almost new must soil deetzgen (sear% brand) many features $4 or best offer call Don 375502 (4.7-5,.o) wooden study desk $50 swivel desk chair 540. 4kko stereo ampifier $30 needs work. electric blender $10. 373-6757 9nyi me (45-31 1) records records records for sole 1500 to choose from also indion jewelry. saturday opr 2 110 nw 151h st behind krystol (4-1-ItBeautiful guiano Wadding dress witri gitson style hot Fits sizes 910 or 11 -12. Worn once-iike newl $125.00, coil 392-1946 or 375-1150 (4-7-5t-a) A SAIL BOAT HOBIE 10-For sole brand now never used not even once won from wggg fits on top vw bvg-90bs. 2yr worr, retoil$750 yours for $575-negottobie-sorious Inquiries only -call Good 373-0758 (4-7-51-0) Colombian modie: wooden statues, cowhidles, chess set mode out of cowhorn, for very low prices. Soo to appreciate. 1405 SW 10 for. No 5 375-6356 (4-7-5t-a) Healthy tomnoto, eggplant, and bell pepper transplants veg crops booth Ag FairCornigros thrusdloy, fridoy, saturdloy U of F V99 Crops Club (4-1 -1t-0) CHAMP40N IRISH SETTER PUPS. ock papers, FORIRENT 7 wks old. ShoS & wormed long-haird, largo northern type. very meOHOW, parents nice trailer in quiet and pretty location only on prmi9 s9376-660 (4-14-159-) $77.50 and half of elec6i c bi woofer and sewage disposal freo. coil 392-0705 ask FOR RENT Go.r (4-5-5tb) Own bedroom -furnished no dovi Sprng9 furnished efficiency opt 4 Wlks from compus and/or Smr$100 month + 1/2)9 99ities 4oc 6 and h 4 5 private parking $125.009per call Greg 377-4717 or 375-4484(4-1-51-b) month 410 nw 14th If. 378-7167 (4-1-3t-b) tr6l4er 2 br I both (urn control F49 air ownown room in larg9 house 3 blocks to uf 2 Ing perfect for 2 students $130 + $25 baths kitchen no lease no security some furdeposit 9or grde9 49 72 373-642 nishings 1616 nw 3 9v5inquireS second story fer6(4-1-54-b) porch (4-1-36-b) 2 8dr I Both Acton from Shnd next1 0 for rent 2 bdrm opt pets o-c 4 min u of f $190 pool 5 month sublease with Option f4r9 fenced in backyard 9prly furnished yew $414. 00 rent negotiable 375-2162(4-1375-734or376-5759(4-5-5-b) t-b) FE_ MALEroommaLtE e4 dd OWN ROOM Sor 2 liberal females needed own )oin nice 24-dr furnished pn. 94 r sh44 4 9a 3 bdr4pt,9O pool, tnnis, $70 + '/s util. V.A. 1/2 4441/2 utilities col sharon ran9do ap919M nw Of1 999.p1. 4 4E Julio 377-4393 (4-5-54-6) 37-8516 Thanks (4-1-5-b) FOR RENT FOR RENT SUBLET/ROOMATES, 3'drm, 11/2bth, pool, 4undr, available Apl 15 or May 1, 255/monthnd utilities. Gronod Aps.B l), John377-8757 (4-4-5t-b) cleanS ingle room must be quiet and up. PerCkasman men only all utilities furnished 50 per month 1614 nw 3rd place col44 372-2946.or.we Ray (4-4-54-b) F9mal roommate needed. Own room in SW 9pment. Quiet wooded area, pets allowed. 67 per month plus 1/3 electric. Phone375-259. (4-1-44-b) NEED ROOM TO BREATHE? own room in home n 1/2 9cre w/air heat-trees, land, onimls -NO LEASE -3 mi. to campus 376-5766 (4-1-41-b) Private Room three blocks from campus. refrigerator, community kitch14 ,. $90 4 month includes utities. 115 N. 10 St 375-4365 ("-451-b) only 3 blocks from campus. UNIVERSiTY APTS. 49f9erin)99ecial4summer discount 449494. 9efficiencies:588O9mont46I4&82644. $118-148 month. All 9pt4, furnished. AC Swimming Pool. Cll 376-8990 or come by now. 1524NW94thAve. (4-24-26t-b) for rent I bedroom opt to sublease till oug. p001 carpeting oc and control hoot imedioto vacancy la bonne vi4 5480 callfter 6:00 378-24 (4-4-5t-b) one female roommate wanted nowl brondywinea pt9 1/4 rent and til. 77.25 mo. non-amokor preferred immediate occuponCY375-2991 KeepTryingPlease (4-5-5t-b) sublet 2 br for spring form available now air ca q9u4iet -42 1 nw 5 Street No. 84. $188 and utiliies/month 375-1329 (4-5-4t-b) 1 bedroom apt for rent 65pacios w/fu)y equipped kitchen 8 both byrd pts 303 nw 17 st No. 14 call 378-1734 or 376-1737 any44-nowl(41-3-b) STUDENTS ONLY Efficiency and I b9rOO 9pt and 4 bedroom house Cali376-1379 (4-21-171-b) tiny bedroom in 44-edroom house for rent $60 per month nd9 phone and 99etric. water is paid. house has fieplace and comp9t4kifthen 377-5412 (4-5-5-6) ownt ow in 2 br 2 both lakevi9w apt. at Oak Forest on s. w. 13th bus to cmus. rent % negoiblie .c alli S c otti of375-6738(40"54-6 forn rmmto wanted. own master bedin, own *xit & phon peas ok lot of room. No0 + 1/4 utilities call Coloon 495-9032 (4-131-b) OWN ROOM 3 br 2 bo house, spacious, residential section, privacy $100 a month & 1/3utilitie. 2118-29thl.3752553. (45-5t-b) hous-2 b9droomI both control hot19 6n 41r fenced yard $2259mo. 373-3295hous-2 bedroom I both control hoot and ir-no fence $195 mo. 373-3295 (4-5-5-b) roommate wanted for Spring Qr. $60 mo + 1/34uti9ies;64 blocks from campus; drop by for a look -1016 1/2 SW 4th Avenue (45-54-O) Rent (or sublet 4or just one term) -room in 3 bedroom house 09 no 10th ove $80 stop by after 5pm (4-1-34-b) PINE0W D 1-b4droom furnished 9pt available immediately, call 372-0950 weekdays before 5, 4400 nw 39th ove, No. 491,$1654(4-5-5t-b) Brandywine opt mle roomat4 needed for Spng 4Ir Good Saving call 375-7210 or 372-3919. Own room and both (4-5-5-b) own room 3 br house, oc, 2 blocks to main cmpus $90 per mo and 1/34utiity prefer femle377-0591(4-5-5t-b) own room in 4 room house 4 4/2 miles from campus. central air, county utilities. unfurnished. $56.25 per month plus/4 utilities cl 378-4950 (4-5-54-b) ..^ WF. u pe' mo.coi377-2446 (4-1-24-6) Open 7 Days-3776992 1 bedroom apt 3 Wksfro 9994944 lag ek 615359 949461.9. 46 4.1.6 come. by 6 during daytime of1616 nw 3 we. (41-2-b) Nursing student e 1 ale to shr qu or99999 6n sae. k Used Books -Bookfi ndi ng p4964rred. $5140 + 1/2 utilities. Plan. 941 Donna.375-398. (4-4-31-b) N 4UNW ARiM own room in house $100.009i45y. 1/3[ E. Un' Ave 378-911 utilities bed included liberal at. n4949449 37-6120 keep trying 99y4m. (4--)MIKE'S u141994 494 4 9227 2 9.4,[ Bookstore -Pipes l sundry, workshop, pond, on wooded ocre. ToboCco Shop 150 + 1/3uti.3774M4 NW (4-148-b)wnto n Fa n a le R o o r n o s e W o n te d pi n g q u a r t e r .I6$ $ 6 9 -9. 8 69944-59 i* ati.St. 89-P11-9 S69a o9m496 m64usto a.9 Tewii Set.9.6 roomtsical375-3635 (4-7t-6) MALE ROOMMATE WANTED 80 MO. 375-1361 (4-4-3t-b) sublease unti, June ,wo bdrm ,,, ,urn ai, $100 security dep opril rent free 372-0599 evenings (4-6-5t-b) -=== FREEE MOVIE1I TAX DRIVER SATURDAY APRIL 2 8:00 pm Union North Lawn A Student Government Production B-.9I ~ Fin G emns and ewelr ten tO SIX 26 South MaIn Stree t 376-0551 A Female roommate wanted, own room in 2 bedroom apt. close to buses on sw 16 aveclose to tennis courts, pool no pots no deposit call 375-4572 (4-5-5t-b) Female roommate -own bedroom in a new 3 6R house c A & H $100 include utilities4 2890 SE 19th Ave good food Call Steve 375-8479 (4-5-5t-b) Luxurious Townhouse Furnished Le bon Vie 57.50 mo 1/4ut377-2544(4-5-5-b) ROOMATE wanted starting mid April own bdrm In the Pin4 $105mo. and 1/3utilities c4l anytime 378-4679 (4--5t-b) for $225 mo move into nice house 3 br 1 1/2 boah c"eted fenced yard nice vegetation p9ts ok Ist+Ist+100dep 1408 n 14 4.4 373-9942 (4-1-34-b) $135 mo.I br. pt-private-wooded, very good condition. ideal for student. 377-804 r 375-7173 (44-8-6) sublet: unfurn. I bedroom apt. air.,.carpet, p99, racquetball pril thru ug. 155.999mo. 377-9540 (4-5-5t-b.) Efficiency: carpet, A/C, $1289mo. p)45$100 secu4ty deposit, c9Jay376-8990 or come by 1524 NW 4th Av, Apt. 34. (4-1-34-6) Prefer male gr9d student own room 49480/9 plus 1/3 utilities, house, good setting, mail area call 378-1448 day ask for David, nights call 377-2554 (4-1-2-b) Wanted, on* roommate for 3br, 2bh house. Own room, quiet residonlialoa. SIOmo. First and 69st month's rent and 50 security in advance. 376-2553(4-1.2-b) roommate wanted village park apt 5 61.25 Live Cheap, 2-roo4 efficiency, oc 5 blocks from4c1mpus.4leve message at72-7840 or 377-4077 Do't forget th.9poo, i'sagod dealt (4-1-2t-b) own room $45 + 1/2 utilities, in small 2 bedroom hovso, close 10 campus, partially furnished, come by mornings 211 n.w. 91h tort. (4-1-2t-b) fismalsi with own room; behind norman hall,82.50mo. + 1/2 util. duplex, nice neighborhood no deposits call Fran 377-8242 1019 sw 71havenue (4-6-54-b) Fwmalo Room iw Wanted, own room, 1 /2 both ,fui., clos4 to 99944,4 S W + 1/2 util., Coll Charlene 373-1095 or 373-1282 (4-6-5t-b) 85UTIUTIES PAID Bike to .I Extra sharp fuIty furn in good area. Hoot, carpi, drapes,appliances. Pe.t OKI Open 9 am to 8 pm 377-6992 4 OR $175 No Socurityl No p 5positt Extra sharp home in good area. Spoci99. bdrms, 2 b.ths, air, h6ot, appliances, workshop. Kids and pets welcome. Open09 m to 8 pm 377-6992 DUCK POND $110 Lovely furn home nr the duck pond, L g rms, air, hoot, carpet, drapes, appliances. Call now. Open 9 am to 8 pm 377-6992 TIRED OF LOOKING Largest41 s14lcion of houses, duplex, apartments, mobile homes &a creage in alochu county. All areas and oil prices to fit your budget N 1 13 N.E. W6hAvonust F It 

PAGE 20

21, alligator, friday, april 1, 1977 alligator classifieds FOR RENT FOR RENT WANTED AUTOS PERSONAL PERSONAL female roommastonanted: Toshere2 br opt $SpPer mo. + 1/2 utilities; prefer grod student or working person call Marcy 377-0518 after 5:3 pm. olso 2 br opt for rent now campus. (4-6-50-b) large furnished house mature o'duits only 6 bedrooms up to 12 people wil leese to one responsible person sw 12 sI call 373-2067 ofter Ipm (4-6-5-b) Roomate wanted. Own bedroom 9.33 per nonth plus one third utilities. vircoya epts. Call 373-91159 nytme (4-7-5-b) room for rent in house 2 blocks from low school $70 mo + 1/3 util ceil 378-0376 anytime available now (4-5-31-b) A GREAT DEALI Your own room o NE 2 br house for only $100. Includes everything ond washer and dryer 378-6010 (4-i4-109b) 2 male chrisilon roommtes needed. shore opt. 0f mt. vernon for summer rent $72.50 + 1/4 utilities. excellent opt. living. noil 375-3142. (4-7-5t-b) 1/3 block from Tigo Hall (OF). own, small, room. C/c. phone private door m$50onth + 1/4 utilitis1242 S.W. 3rd Ave or call 3776371 (Sanji) (4-5-30-b) own room/both in large now house. imimed. occ. 117 + -1/2 utilities. oc/wosher/corpet. unfurnished. 372-9507 deb or rick keep trying. (4-7-5t-l -I PERSONAL Mature young woman with beautiful vOiCe SeekS equally mature people to join her on a rOmantiC fantasy. REPLY: MINNIE RIPERTON C/O EPIC RECORDS AND TAPES. Mole orlerelel116NW 7 Street. 70/month own room in large house can move in April 16 call Jane at Rob377-6974 (4-7-51-b) femoe roommates wanted to share 2 bdrm apt. close to med centr, relaxed at atmospher., 63.75, 1/4 utilities, Cell 3754054, immediately (4-7-SI-b) S rbote. moving, mustsublet room in the place epts. immediately Coll Mork 3722637 (45-3-b) House in great nw area. 3 bdrm 2 bth fully furn. all appliances. Parect for family with kids. One yect leose $400 month cail 3777210evenings aviloble June. (4-7-51-b) Fenol. Roommate wanted, own room in the. bedroom apt. 1 block from campus, newsheo crpet, call 375-1752canytime. (45-31-b) opt. to sublet I bedroom centrol.aoir wall to wall0 c'pets Close to campus $159 mo ph 372-630 (4-7-5-b) sublet 2 bedroom duplex house immdlOtslyl 4 blocks to uf rent negotiable 377-4737 (4421-b) WANTED Going West person intrested in driving cor 1o Now Mexico or Coloradoearound May 1. Relersess needed. We pay gas. 372-1717, 392-4026(41-4t-c) roommte wantd-one quarter, avil. mmediate poolside uo., eli conv, $76.25 + 1/4 util, 1 blk s of shands, call Jerry at 375-4629 (4-11-I0t-c) CASH FOR GOLD, sterling, diamonds, towelry, class rings, coins, and scrap gold' Will visit you anywhere. 475-1089 Mr. RiOman (5-9-30-c) liberal rmmate wanted for 2 bdrm trailer windreadows wash/dryer also furnished pool/teonnis,s etc 75/mo and 1/2 util 377-7726 (4-4-51-c) Male roommate wanted sprng quart. Colonial Manor opts. next to compus$6s per mo. plus 1/2 utilities call Ben 377-2017 no sec. deposit (4-5-5t-c) WANTED: PEOPLE WHO CARE ABOUT OTHERS. GAIN VALUABLE FIELD EXPERIENCE WORKING IN ANY OF SAMSON'S 13 PROGRAMS. COME TO CARLETON AUD. 4/5 7:30 PM (45-SI-c) fIsole roommate wnedshoe one bdoom furnished apart. 4 blocks from Campus spring quarter. lmrch andjune paid already $67.50 plus 1/2 util. 375-23% ETTY fromSommie of Loondohas moved HELP W ANTED to THE MAD HACKER. Call 377-4024 (4-1. Summer Jobsr. oest Service. How Where, When To Apply. Complete information. $3 Mission Mountain Company box727 Polsom Mt. 5~6 (4-8-1 ot-0) become A Hoolth-Nutrition Consullont 6 earn extraocome. Nurses, teachers, secretaries, students and others. Part or full time 375-6459 (4-4-St-e) EXPERIENCED APT MAINTENANCE MAN or for town work hrs 9 to InorlIto 5 only 2 bedroom opt free ph 375-1519 (4-5-5-e) ocnouonmg mtogor; hondie bookkseptog9 chores; IS hours a week; starting pay $2.30 hr phone flo bookstore 376-6066 ask for Mr. Carlson (41.31-e) $2.50 per hr for 8 or 9 hns / wk. of houseork -for professor's family. Should have own transportation. Hours flexible Call 373-1677 (4-1-31-.) part time oh. must hove sales experience. knowledge of soilboots and sailing desired. call 375-2626 between 12 noon and 6 p.m. (46-51-e) Classical SolePerson Needed Apply in Person SPecs Music -2329 N. W. 13th St. tmterested in running for student senate or assoc. justice of student court with other concerned persons? come interview with us m f rch29 thruoptl 1, 3:00 to 8:00 pm, rm 355j wru (4spark, nova, grooeoots, challenge, action common snss., STOPI the student senate noeds you, but is an independent, slate in.dependent. Pd by George Schaefer, md. pros. cand. (4-1-4#-i) Be A Hoppy Loser) Lose 10 to 30 pounds in the next month; Enjoyng delicious Slender SplInder Call 375-6458 for home delivery. (4-4-51-i) clean,studious roommate wanted to share 2 bedroomapt. 4 blocks from compius 7.50 plus 1/2 utlities no lee coil stene 376-819 afer 6pm. )4-5--) breekboking is really easyI weekly cass teaches how to make all kinds of delcious breads: pizzre epito bogel hole nheat moreyum (377-1934 (4-5-51-i) STUDENT RATE orlando sentinel stor 3.75 no or $100 or it oIweekdoiyendsun. day delivered376-979 (4-6-g) FNmle roommate to shore 1 bdrm unfurn. apt. at village $70 plus 1/2 utilities, nice opt. cokk375-46063(4-4-41-c) Fem. roomate wanted 10shre2bdrm 2 both opt bus service, pool, dishwasher. pets ok. $65.oo plus 1/4 utils. call373-9415. (4-5SI-C) Female roommate wanted to share 2 br townhouse lendrmrk opt. bos/bike to e65pus. immediate occupancy call 375-947 anytime. (4-1-3t-c) roomote wanted for art student nor can ptwo bedroomnopt. furnished 92.50 + 1/2 util.203 w. universityapt No. 4( 3-c) fen law or grad student to shore nice furnished home close to campus, largeprivate bdrm. Occupy now. 125 per mo + part utl. call 373-1107. (4-6-5-c) Does anyone know of a decent ope Hf Bob Dylan's recent Gairesville show? Love to hear it. Sandy Gant box 21 Brooklyn NY 11217 (4-6-51-c) Female nonsmoker wanted to shore2 bdtr apt Gotorwood 72.50/mo and 1/4 utilities Nowothrn June 375-Ml 7 (4-6St-u) roommate wontd to shore room and 1/3 utilities. $S mo rent. Forspring and nmybs summer. prefer older person call Morto 373-1269 evenings. (443t-c) Roommate wanted to share very nice 2 bd Opt., pool, etc. $ + 1/2 utls. please call Ham Fuller 392-0741 or 375-2090. (4-43t-c) femalerootrte own bedroom in 2 bropt great location. close to school shopping, busses cll Barbara 3764373 evenings (4-12t-c) RoomteWanted"o"sh"' e' 2bd 2bth rbi hoe. 1/2util + $68/mo. noIese n deposit just Ist mo rent call Kirk ofer 9pm 377-8394 (43-10-c) WANTED 4 people to shore a charter boot deep sa fishing rip all day 40-50 miles in the Gulf, bottom fishing Apr. 16, $29 a perso" cal"Donof2-7349. mellow roomont wnted own room and both in trilercleon pets ok $0/mon + 1/2 utility Pet 373-4070 after 5pm vc turntableS$30 (4-6-4#-c) li'era''ol'*''*"' needed tnshoe 2 br. opt near campus for spring andtsummer $75 a mo o nd /3utiliiss2337 sw orcher 375-3945 (4t-1-) Female roommate needed to shore a I1 bdr apt. n-r Santo Fe Beautiful opt.! $82.50 plus 1/2 utilities and deposit, Pets ok Please coll soon I 377-0361 (4-7-5t-c) Hay fever, Ragweed suffers-Need volunteers for trail of safe now treatment. Cash for your efforts. Coll 377-4522 for porticulors (4-7-St-c) femole roommate/s for a 2 bdrm opt own roo or shore 67.50 or 100. a month. landmatk No. 4 370-4540 cal)) rtoro or Mrore 145-3t-n) nool. needed in shore se bedtromto golooond 67 50 plns1/ utllities FEMALE only call 375-7870 keep tryiog) (4--l-) GOLD-SILVER Top prices paid for class rings, old jewelry, etc. OZZIE 373-3894 Confidential (6-3-45t-c) roommate wanted own room in 3 bdrmhouse nice neighborhood on NW 36 terry. $33.33/mo + 1/3 utilities coil 376-4004 (47-51-c) YAMAHA R04M motorcycle mag. wheels k8t clops koni shocks 1953DOGE PANEL ex. shop. 392-1864 or 373-%641 ask for Jim Holes (4-1-59g) 1975 Kawasaki 900 luggage rocka nd crashbor low mileage excellent condition. $1600 37-9356 ses at 3241 P6 47 Plece. Evenings. (4-1-54-g) 1974 volvo 4-dr sedn a/c osn-fm 4-speed power brakes 3200 nles *-1 conditiRon $4200. coill072-09 ofter 5 or an weekends (45-5"-1) 1965 ford foirlone st bit radios neow battery runs well sound body original mfle $geSS0 neg. 372-7617(45-5t-g) 74 subou 4-door sedon. front wheel drive 4-speed man. trn. 140cc eng. 46,000mi, gets 25-30 mpg asking $3200 cal dean 375-2239. (4-5-51-g) JEEP for sale, engine runs good but need. transmission work. C.5, buck v-6 1970fasking $00, will negotiate col 375-0481 (4.4. 41-g) MUST SELL Hondo 350 Excellent Condition cissy ber owned by meanhoic best offer 37645W'keep'--ying (4-6-51-g) Hond. 400 Super Sport 76 Model only 890 original miles in very good condition, asking $1150. Plaos. call 377-40W ext. 437 (4. 1-2t-g) 1976 Hond. CT 70 for sale, plus two helmets, cover, lock and chain $30 tcall Barbaro 377-6361 afternoons and evenings (4-7-5-g) 1971 Buick Skylork fair condition rust sell for quick cash, asking $700, has air and full powerceil392-7603 (4-11-7t-g) 1974 cutlass supne.m., p.foct interior' end exterior, 33000 miles-bluoewith whits londou top, $4,000 call Art 372-3367 anytime (44-2tg) 73 SUPER SETTLE 4,000 MILE WARRANTY, RADIALS, AIR, RADIO, GOOD PAINT, NEW INSPECTION, EXCELLENT CONDITION SACRIFICE AT $1795 call 377-0465 (4-117t-9) sell plymouth duster 70 goodtrunning condition now tires cc radio price $00phone 375W73 4pm to Otpm rofoel (4-1 -11-9) PERSONAL WEDDINGINWTATIONS Two we" delivery Hundreds of styles. Cliff Hall Printing 1103 N. Main 376-9951 (6-3-4%-i) COED's fociol hoit removed permanently. Call Edward DwywrElectrologist, over 25 years experience. Call 372-39 (6-3-49t-) MCAT-DA' Review Course take mnAtlonta m 3 to 5 days PO box 77034, Atlanto, Go 30304 phone (404)874-2454 (1-13-35-1) Put0 0Canoe in the tchetuckne tool Student discount. Canoe Outpost at ichetucknee Copgrnond2iW. ofA)ohuhwy27. Phone904935-1226. (140-lot-il GARDENS ROTOTILLED Only 5c/sq. ft. Brk mulchonurenoturaifertiihzers Stortlyour garden today Mark 378-2742 eves (4-1-5t-1) IMPROVE YOUR LOVE LIFE. HAVE A NEW HAIR STYLE. Phone 377-2643 Somme of London 716W UniversityAve. (6-3-49t-I) Wont to help others? To gain valuable experience for yourself? Contact the Corner Drugstore todoy and volunteer 378-1588 (1128 SW Ist Ave) (4-4-61-1) ride wanted n-th. ocolo to ginsvillo and Kep Gainesville gresnl Sunday, Opril 3rd bock will pay cll Jeff (904)732-9817 fter 5. under a full moon, Spread yor s tothe (4-1.3t.-) wild enjoy, johnny poeed (4421-1) Birth control counselors needed. Volunteer To the Setsl: Thanx for your frndshiptraining begins Wednesday April 6 Call yol ares the greatest. Happy Fool's Doyl 377-4) for more information. (4-6t-j) Love Strip (4-1-11-j) froe fridys? ri4e to crescent beach with Don'tfadopt a pot if you can't adptl Help us me. unattached female, bright, look as help animals. Join the Human Sociityl good in bikini s my ponch. does waxed. 375-5655 (4-7-51-i) coil joe 376-96111fter 9 (3-31-2t-i) -_attention. business majors-olph, koppa psi ATTENTION SENIORS who plan to ake; and will have its rush smoker at rgncy oaks save money: we have a plan you'll want to clubhouse-epril 5th, Spot-for mor info call know about. 7.75 percent interest. Col 373-455 (45-31-i) 377-73 ( t-) omicron deta koppa and the re tz union SPRING AND SAMSON ARE IN SEASON present celebration art exhibition and sale VOLUNTIEER AND LEARN THE REASON. monloypiril 4 from 10am to 4pma n Union ORENT ATION AND RECRUITMENT AT Colonnade and the north lawn. over 65 CARLETON AUD., TUES. APRIL5, 7:30 PM (4.rsts will display and sell their works. Look 5-5t-.) fr th hot air balloon on the north lown monday (4 1-li) matle student housing and co-op living at georgie .angle hol. professional cook. 20 Hnd pOrking hassle by quarter3$2. east sides meal:. per wk. $30/qI. 376-9179 or se at normon 1114 sw ov or coil372-9749 (4-71002W. Univ. (46-i-) 51Ex plorations of inner space. An OLcCRANON workshop. Guided fontosy I LO ST & FO UID o'her '-chrikip-'t-w'd --ar-n-ss of F dcuaori rn fLirr eta mind-body unity 3-432 (4-1-2-)tooofb risat ______ofwinterqu____ _Call 377449(45. Wonf to spend the sumr SAIUNG the Lost pair of brownhon glasses baor. Caribbean? the Pocific? Europe? SMat break. Coll 37-M anytime. (4-4-3-1) owners need Croe / male and fsi H5lH-no lost rolex oyster royal wristwatch silver with experience neco aryl For froo information, block face. sentimental volue. reword ofsend a 13C stomp to WiNDJAMMER, Box fed cal375-SJ5 (46-40) 3141, Memphis, Tenn., 33103 (4-1-1-i) N LOST GREEN WALLET in cofo' gardens and HAPPY 19th BIRTHDAY on 46-77 to SUNhomemade iccrotm area. Pecsecall Ellen SHINE ANNTHt MOST BEAUTIFLL GIRL IN 'ioond 377-0740tanks. (453.1-) THE WORLD. LOVE.RCGMcQ. (4-1-it-i) "Sol thine heart towards Him Who is the JOIN THE IN GROUP Point of adoration for the world, and say: 0 For '77 people f A. ."h' Have ye denied A. SUMMER AATAJD SPANISH Oin Whose path He Who come with the truth, bearingthe announcement of your Lord, the Excted, the Grot, suffered marTwelve Transferable Credits tyrdomn?" Boh'i 376-712 There will be a Six Weeks In public meeting tonight in owru rm b65. For SAN MIGUEL DE ALLENDE morebouct the Boho'l Faith-Listen to the Delightful, Historic Art Center Boho' Progromon wvi-Sun 7om (4-1-il-1) Place of FIestas; Siestas Romtnte mnd Colsurs Der Jonathan here it is, no need to be crushed anymore. bone nnniversoire Vc Extensive Course Selection foul man amour. Love, Los (4-11-i) Undsrgraduate mnd Graduate Florida University System Program attention. business majors alpha kappa psi June 20 -July 29, 1977 announces its Spring rush for more info stop Tuition $385 by ou, ,ush ,able outside motherly o' call For Full Information. Contact 378-0655 (4-5-3t.-) Dean, Continuing Education Florida AtlanticnUninersity oca Raton, Florida 33431 Tel 305 395-5100 Ext 2391 7 \e go\ W \ \0 *9 9,0 .-s55 GREENHOUSE SALE \ Gainesville's largest selectIon Sindoor foliage plants. GE SAunday only 10-4 Newberry Rd. to 91 St. 90 .' ~ follow signs. 0W 0\ 1ii~ W 0n0 4 40 A S ve 60"#b 40 PT 4.4 xi 

PAGE 21

algigattr, friday, april 1, 1977, 21 alligaitor classifieds SERVICES SERVICES tSES i3Ai&E ae-elt xc are # At yvPM eng';I; nc b .ao' uN owU0albowd w/ 12. 12sPall ed. occurai ed A Gode. 75 Posturo only -$25 3764719 (a'e School Lndo o 372-8347 r Aoboa0.ng) (4-1 sf5 377-2377(4 ss-m) foc, T WA ED AU UL Classic ied CLASSIFICATION: for sole for rent wanted help wanted autos personal last & found Services DAYS TO RUN: Hones oarded-12.t2 sills turnout pens 2 days HORSEBACK RDING HNealn Form toa' ml.of btN ea'.tcm .7 ,,nlaehefr3m S~tae% a'des over* camp ane N e S e''sd.-PPOlooeso at-giden 3 days -10 percent votybott Horsehoe tbPoo' HoaeBad 4V5--~ (4-7-so-) 4 days discount mnon Barbqu AoFotHealhyHoss. 5 days or more. 9 a great 5a,woeon Poans 'c' e P"Une honie by qan SM. owt se 5 20 percent discount become INmies ou, Acho Rd appoi n oermn ttt se aua t or call 372-974 d4-7iwa'td9S.249?t3touftwi 2SThis form may be used to tdSueANCe TreOUSLES' Ide 25 950oESSNONAL SIEE 0EPAA by elec place classified ads either in Iceae.dtroode"' Check 0 W -A .nee -tow r"as 90 day warranEy save person or by mail. The aeuto 'aaes UN9ERSM INSUdANCE 20 penenl O moreB t 378-0192 (4-2minimum charge is $1.25 for 3tS4s30tA3-9'-'" "0'-"t four lines. For each additional line, add 3Ocents. Multiply the ___ __ __ __ t e hraes s,total by the numberof days the moG'vile. Guaranteed Over 1200 ad is to run and subtract the E Gtunsyeairlyin.Fl (3ft)eW-7444. discount. The discount is OPE ING S I !! s w 21 s Ma oF 3314s .6-3 applicable only for consecutive 20% Discount with 4".0") nsertions ,is Ad Included) THERE ARE NO REFUNDSI Acceptance of payment with advertising copy does not N rfOtna a constitute a binding agreeme on the Independent Florda atAligaoor to publish said copy The Independent Floride NWA39thAveto reserves the rght to P/mWetoAve.75 act as sole judge on the ie mi. West of -75 Asuitability of any, and all ad(3 mi. West of (ve}ising copy submitted for Santa Fe C. C.) publication, and the right toF edit revise, delay or reject any 378-0493 od-rtising copy DEADLINE 4 PM TWO WORKING DAYS We have the BEFORE PUBLICATI. difference-in ON.p plant. atmosphere Have yew 00 NOT ORDER BY PHONE nd PRICES! Mail this ad mithremittance cbec~d. (check preferred) to: Alligator Classifieds Give Heart Fund P.O. Box 14267 H NOKA Amencan Neart Asocti0t Un t. y Staen Gatevllle, Pie. GARDENS Locted In Johnson Hal5 TONIGHT & FRIDAY Steve Phelgum Get Down and boogle to the Hottest Sound and Light System in North Central Florida. ASB B7k_ ID R uI11. --Showtm -9p.m. I "T a Enegles4SOW C'e UNNERSIY OPTICIANS 5W AthAv7. CUBALASSSSTARTINGFINISHBEF0RE dAIS MONDAY 3.26 or TE 3-29 OR uRS 4.15 PICK YOUR NIGHT FNE OPEN AFTER DIVES SCuBA EQUIPMENT PROVIDNTERNATIONAL CERTIFICATION TOM LE(N CO-aOSt WILD KINGOM ATV LLEN-S AQUATIC AND TRAtL 3446 WEST dNtERSitY 373-9233 1"Il ,1n esho -ma-tdr-S 0ma plsgrarracjo jm& t. ls372.3452 ta-a. HELP us by becoming a volunteer at the Corner Drug Store Applications are being taken this week and training will begin next Monday Come by 1128 S.W. Ist Ave. or call 378-1588 HPNOSIS helps peopt aNon agotl, Su DYING CONFIDENCE ATHLETICS Donold G Pro" D'recto, 373-30(s-17-o,m EUROPE WO*LOCINE Adendlonm ea rund S A T A 4236 rt. tuckeAC go 300684 ta-24.9082(44251 SAN D*W0 Whata M sa PWeC a dlv Mp lay Lea Show yOu h"e to lalle espIoye" ,n lthis and handing to lted Edhian. 376 StAve San eno Caforna, 92103 RF21 (4-so-nt Mail -In z 0 DO -e -C f a -' WINNER Of 4 AABEMY A ARIS N.13th STREET and 3dBOULEVARO INCLUDING BEST ACTRESS MST ACTOR PoRmm UmnauRSTy OF LRWA STUMP MIOMMTESHOWUTOIH Art Carney I Ellen BUrstyn "HARRY AND TONTO"F STARTS TODAY N.W. 13th STRT d 206 4: 7:10 9145 d BOULEVARD In Isixtm sGerm.ppa r*l omoi.um mm min mm. i,. IfEt-v"lEuMB-ENML I3EmiAI".u.IRa. 

PAGE 22

22. alligator, friday, april 1, 1977 X-rated: Diamondmen meet Wildcats By MARK JOHNSON Alligator Sports Writer Have you heard? The streaking craze is back. Go over to Perry Field sometime and see for yourself. Like today, when the I Ith-ranked UF baseball team hosts a twinight doubleheader with the University of Kentucky at 6 p.m. Or Saturday when the Gators and Wildcats tangle at 1:30 p.m. BUT DON'T EXPECT to see any bare bottoms. What vou will see is a team that has won its last seven in a row, the second Gator winning streak of the year. UF won 12 in a row earlier this season. "Things are going about the way we thought and hoped they would go," UF Head Coach Jay Bergman said. "We really can't complain right now." So who would complain about a 21-4 record following Wednesday's 11-6 Gator triumph over the University of South Florida in Tampa? Who could bicker about a team batting average that stood at .322 as of Tuesday? Who could find fault with a pitching staff that has an earned run average of only 2.65? PERHAPS KENTUCKY. The Wildcats broke a number of Southeastern Conference (SEC) hitting records on their way to the SEC Eastern Division pennant last year. But after losing three All-SEC performers from that championship team, Kentucky has gotten off to a slow start this season. The 'Cats, however, still have the potent bat of left fielder LeRoy Robbins, who hit .357 last season and set a school record in RBI's (52) and tied another in home runs (12). Currently the Gators lead the East with a 7-2 conference record. They're followed by the University of Tennessee (32), Vanderbilt University,3-3), the University of Georgia (24) and Kentucky (2-6). The Wildcats are 8-10 overall. Lefthander Ross Baumgarten (3-1, 2.33) and righty Ron Crum (4-2, 2.87) start today for UF, while righthander John Stamper (3-1, 3.65) is slated to start Satu-rday. UF tracksters are off and runnin' Gators host invitational on one leg By MARK HANIGAN outdoor season, but sere not for the inAlligator Sports Writer door season. "WE'RE ENTERING everyone who is The UF men's outdoor track team has healthy, and this will give us a li ne on been renamed the "Unknown Entity." what type of strength we will have this Roy Benson, G4tor head coach and sear," he added. author of this little adjective, doesn't Saturday's meet, being held at Percy know what will happen or even who will Beard Field, will feature Adelphi Univerbe on the 1977 outdoor team. sity's squad and many Florida junior colTHE MAIDEN PERFORMANCE of lege tracksters, as well as the Florida UF's outdoor leggers is scheduled for Track Club. Also, in conjunction with the Saturday in the form of the Florida Open Gator City Kiwanis Club, UF will sponInvitational, and Benson has already sor the Alachua County High School chalked up seven casualties. Championships the same day at 10 a.m. Four of Benson's speedsters have Back in action for the Gators will be drowned in academia by sinking way thinclads Noel Gray and Horace Tuitt, below 'C' 14vel and losing their eligibility. and freshman pole vaulter Brian Kimball, The others were victims of Benson's who was injured winter quarter at the albatross, injuries. Millrose Games. Senior Vince Cartier will "This will be a chance to see how our begin his last quarter of eligibility after hybernating individuals have weathered sitting out the indoor season because of a the winter," Benson said, referring to foot injury suffered during the cross counthose remaining who are eligible for the try schedule. Women face two of the nation's best By MARK HANIGAN Alligator Sports Writer UF Head Coach Lacey O'Neal is taking the women's track team to Knoxville, Tenn. this weekend, but will be concentrating on the Association of Intercollegiate Athletics for Women (AIAW) championships rather than trying to. win the three-way meet between UF, the University of Tennessee and Michigan State University. "This will be a good competitive meet aginst two of the nation's strongest teams," O'Neal said. "We will hold our own, but we probably won't win it. "THE OTHER TWO TEAMS are established, and we are in a building year," O'Neal continued. "I'm mainly interested in qualifying as many girls as possible for the AIAW national championships." To qualify for the AIAW championships. slated for the end of May at the University of California at Los Angeles, a girl must make a predetermined qualification standard sometime between Fels. I and May 9 at a meet of two or more teams. UF's Cheryl Poirier has already qualified in the hurdles, and Jackie Gordon has qualified in the dliss for the championship meet. HEIDI HERTZ, defending isational champion in the pentathalon. has yet to qualify for this year's edition, but it's not because of her lack of ability: "We are really hurting for pentathalon meets," O'Neal explained. "We are going to get Hertz in a meet with a pentathalon somehow though, so she can defend her championship." Gator netters challenge the Bulldogs By DAVE IACAMPO Asistant Sports Editor Football is not the only sport that brings out the animal instincts when the Gators meet the University of Georgia Bulldogs. In fact, Saturday at 1:30 p.m. the UF men's tennis team will hit the Varsity Courts with a score to settle. LAST YEAR AT Athens, Ga., the Gators were treated to the ultimate degradation, reminiscent of any basketball game in Florida Gym. According to UF Head Coach Bill Potter, the rowdy Georgia fans shouted taunts at crucial moments when Gator concentration was most important. The UF netters lost the match 5-2. This time around the Bulldogs visit Gatorland in one of UF's most important matches. The Gators are 11-1, suffering that lone loss to Louisiana State University (LSU) and are gunning for the Southeastern Conference (SEC) championship that just slipped through their grasp last year. But Potter cautioned that he will expect a better show of class f rom UF fans Atuday. "GEORGIA IS ONE of the top teams in the country," Potter said. "We like enthusiasm we think we can beat them.but this is a tennis match, not a circus." After losing to 1976 SEC cochampion LSU, the Gators are not as highly regarded nationally as the Bulldogs, but Potter said this doesn't bother him at all. "I don't think about the rankings," he said. "Who cares if you're ranked, you still have to beat people. I'd rather have our opponents ranked." THE NO. I SINGLES match between Georgia's Charlie Ellis and UF's Chap Brown should be the one to watch. Brown has never defeated Ellis, but Potter said he is playing well and is "mentally right" for this weekend's contest. Another key match to a Gator win will be junior Rick Healy's. Although Healy won the SEC at the No. S spot last year, he has yet to win In the No. 4 singles position since taking over for the academically ineligible Kevin Cook. Potter explained Healy has been sick but should be back in form for Saturday's match. Sophomore Chuck Davis will lay his 9-0 record on the line in his first taste of major competition. He is the only undefeated netter on the squad. F I EVEN THE RAIN CAN'T STOP UF'S JIM LITTiLE Gator high-hurdler will be at Percy Beard Field Saturday I i 

PAGE 23

Lady Gator netters moving right along in state tourney By DAVE IACAMPO Assistant Sports Editor Spearheaded by Joyce Portman's upset of No. 3 seed Judy Hanrahan of the University of South Florida (USF) the UF women's tennis team advanced four singles competitors and all three double teams to the semi-f inals in the first day of the Association of Intercollegiate Athletics for Women (AIAW) state tennis tournament in Tampa. Portman defeated Florida State University's (FSU) Kathy Mitchell 6-I, 6-I to move into the quarter-finals where she set back Hanrahan, 6-1, 7-6. HER TEAMMATE IN DIVISION I play, No. I seeded Sherry Acker also moved into the semi-finals after a first round bye with the stomping of Florida Southern College's Felicia Donatelli, 6-0, 6-0. In Division II, No. I seeded Lady Gator Judy Acker beat an FSU foe, Jane Hirsch 6-1, 6-2, to move into the semi-finals also after a first round bye. UF's Sheryl Maskell also moved into the semi-s with easy victories. The Lady Gators were eliminated early in Division III competition. Jennie Odom was defeated by USF's No. 4 seed Lee Myers, and Kathy Hubner was ousted in the quarterfinalsby No. I seeded Ellen Feldman from the University of Miami. THE UNDEFEATED sisters-doubles team of the Ackers advanced after a first round bye by taking care of a pair from FSU, 6-1, 6-3. The Lady Gators also had byes in Division II and III, and both those combos advanced without difficulty. UF netters Odom and Maskell moved up in Division II with the thrashing of Florida Southern's team of Su Stolls and Ruth Wildarger, 6-0, 6-1, while Portman and Lisa Grattan scored a 6-1, 6-2 victory to keep alive in Division Ill. After the first day of competition, Rollins College leads the event with 13 points, UF follows with 12 and Miami is in third place with nine. oIf: UF leads Cape Coral while By DAVE IACAM Assistant Sports Ed After two days of competition at Classic, the Gators have extended th over cross-state rival Florida State have also captured the individual leas In the second day of the four-day rolled to a 576 two-day total, follow mark. THE UNIVERSiTY of Miami is c with 585, and East Tennessee State College are tied for fourth with 587 st Gator Sam Trahan moved from leader into first place Thursday wi Trahan had the low total for the d stroke total ahead of FSU's Denny He UF's Dallas Aplegreen is tied w place. THE THIRD ROUND of the 72 scheduled to begin 8:30 this morning Meanwhile, the Lady Gator Golfe sloppy turf plagues women IPO of first place and fourth overall after the first round of play litor at the Lady Paladin Invitational Golf Tournament in Greenville, N.C. Tulsa University holds the lead witha 307 stroke total t the Cape Coral Golf while the University of Miami is orfbKck with 308. Furman eir lead to eight strokes University currently holds the third spot but is hanging in University (FSU) and with the leaders with 309, putting UF back in fourth with ding scorer honors. 315 strokes. event, the UF golfers THE EIGHT STROKE deficit after the first day has UF ved by FSU with a 579 Head Coach Mimi Ryan slightly distressed. "You just can't keep playing catch-up ball to these kind of teams," she said. urrently in third place The Lady Gators were hurt by bad weather -which University and Rollins eliminated the customary practice round before the event, strokes. and the rain-plagued course isnstill not as Ryan would like it. one stroke behind the "There's no roll on the course at all," Ryan said. "Even th a six-under par 66. the drives are backing up." day which put his 137 THE INDIVIDUAL LEADER after the first day is -per's 142. Furman's Betsy King, who shot a one-under-par 71. -ith Helper for second Cathy Reynolds from Tulsa grabbed second with a 73, and Miami's Carolyn Hill holds fourth with 74 strokes. 2-hole tournament was In the fourth spot is UF's own Nancy Lopez, followed by a three-way tie for fifth, including Lady Gator Beverley Davis urs are eight strokes out with 76 strokes. I -Tm I See the Celebration Hot Air Balloon Monday on the North Lawn 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. CELEBRATION A FESTIVAL OF THE ARTS Sponsored by OAK, J.W. RMTZ UNION, University College Council, Arts and Science College Council, & Education College Council. SO .O* 4 0sjs0 .023.-00 Saturday April 2nd9----9A.M.-4 P. M. Printed OVERRUNS, BLIMISHED, IRREGULAR T"Shirts, Nylon Jackets, HalterTops, Etc. %OF EVERY SALE DONATED TO THE ALACHUA COUNTY BOY'S CLUB BUILDING FUND PRODUCTION SILKSCREEN PRINTERS FOR Schools-Camps-Re-Sale-Advert i sin g-Fund Raising-Etc. "Come Early For A Good Selection" 5980 EAST HAWTHORNE ROAD (next to NEWNAN LAKE boat ramp) Local Phone 377-9976 Out of Town Toll Free 800.342-1107 SHERRY ACKER .moves into semi-finals Softball team plays To the ordinary college student, Flagler College is a tiny, little-known school that makes its home in the old Ponce de Leon Hotel in St. Augustine Big deal But to the UF women's softball team, Flagler looms as a terrifying state powerhouse. Big deal. THE LADY GATORS will have to contend with Flagler and a number of other state schools today and Saturday in Tampa at the University of South Florida (USF) Invitational Tournament. Flagler, perhaps the best team in the state, won the Lady Gatoc Invitational last week as the UF women played the role of gracious host and lost twice. The Lady Gators are 2-6. Intramurals The UF Cycling Club, along with the League of American Wheelmen (a national bicycling organization) will celebrate the rites of spring Sunday, April 3, with a North Florida Rural Century and Half Century bicycle tour. Riders not wishing to complete the 100-mile or 50-mile course will have the option of a,shorter 25-mile loop, but those who complete the longer courses will be awarded patches. Riders should register at the commuter parking lot behind Hume Hall from 7:30-8 a.m. Cost for nonmembers is $2. Cal) Bob Keough at 377-8416 for more information. 1111111W I-NINEW mw 

PAGE 24

24, alligator, friday, april 1, 1977 DIAMOND JIM'S IS PLEASED TO ANNOUNCE ITS APRIL ENTERTAINMENT SCHEDULE THIS WEEK WEEK 2 WEEK 3 WEEK 4 WEEK 5 FRIDAY & SATURDAY -AUTUMN TUESDAY-SATURDAY -JIM CONNOR BAND THURSDAY, FRIDAY & SATURDAY -TAMPA FRED BLUES BAND THURSDAY, FRIDAY & SATURDAY -MYSTIC RAVEN% THURSDAY, FRIDAY & SATURDAY -NEW HOGTOWN ROUNDERS YOU CAN RIP OFP THIS PAGE, THEN TEAR ALONG THIS LINE TO SAVE THE SCHEDULE, AND DIAMOND JIM'S WILL TRADE YOU THE LOGO POE A PEER DRINK (DRAFTBEDER OR HIGHBALLS) WHEN YOU ORDER ONE OP THE FOLLOWING: 711s ony of ourmlets, our knockwrst buried in boons, smoker mullet, or our john 1. suIIivan-o two fisted steak sondootch. one per coupon pleas. offer good though apr~i, 1977 I LUNCH, DINNER, LATE NIGHT SNACKS I Comne of South Main St. and SW. 16th Ave; ORDER AHEAD, CALL-374M9 
