
PAGE 1

ALBERT ISPREGNANT A UF gator is disgraced By WHY KNOTT Albert the Alligator is pregnant, informed sources told the Inquiragator yesterday. The sources, who refused to be Identified, said Albert has been pregnant for two months. They said a hush-hush, high level conference of UF administrators a week ago decided that the animal should be sent to a home for un-wed gators "as soon as possible." UF officials, for the most part, refused comment yesterday. Frank T. Adamns, dean of men, left word with his secretary that he had "absoloutely nothing to say to any Inquirigator reporters." Dean of Student Affairs Lestereye Hail admitted a secret meeting, but said it was only to discuss the distribution of honor happles. "I am referring all questions to Dr. Unquotable Hall of the UF infirmary. "We have had no pregnant alligator in the UF infirmary," Hall said. Hall admitted that Albert was In the infirmary a week ago, "but only for a light case of the German Measles," he said. "I don't think this is the kind of thing that belongs in a student, newspaper," commented Albert himself. Albert, for the mostpart, spent a restless day, and several Campus Police were dispatched to ward off curiosity seekers from his cage. On. a h.U, nw.e. ,.na to ask his mate what "pregnant" means. UF president Jay Wainerities is in Swazeeland on an exchange program and unavailable for comment. Campus Police Chief Audible Shooler said no Incidefits around Albert's cage have been reported lately, except that a lady was seen there selling Ice cream on several occasions two months ago. Student response was mostly shock and disbelief. "I just can't see how Albert can do this to us," said one coed with tears streaming down her cheeks. "Albert did look pretty borgy last time I saw him," said a 2UC( Student Body President Bruce Bellpepper said he has "nothing to say until I talk to Coach Melvin about this." Bellpepper also emphasized that he is "not a dumb jock." Meanwhile in Tallahassee, Gov. Haydon Burns said if Albert is actually pregnant he will throw a series of statewide charity balls to raise a trust fund for the ihfant Alligator. "This would never have happened with MY Board of Regrets," said Ex-Gov. Farris Wheel. "We also need more roads into Ocala," he added. Other politico comment came from defeated gubernatorial canSee DISG RACE D--we're not sure where so you'll have to look for it. Rots'a'rucklI ALBERT: HOME FOR UN-WED GATORS-BOUND WhoneedsSunnySands We got By MUMMY GREATWHITE. NUMM Our Man From Sunny Sands you wear (EDITOR'S NOTE: As all good Fightin'C 'Gator readers know, Camp Wauphone arO burg, the UF's renowned recreaDR. W. tion resort, defrocked a couple Sellers,' of days ago and is now a fullNUMM fledged nudist retreat for all good for denud Gators. Following is an off-thefrom the cuff, off-the-shoulder, off-the. column everything Interview conducted by DR. W. our reported-in-the-raw. Rummy family at Greatwhite.) for year NUMMY-Dr. Waynerites, what the shrub do you think of Camp Wawhurg yard. No baring itself to the public? the world DR. W-Well, Mum, I would say NUMW it's more than ike the pudicSir. K baring itself to Ca p Wauurg. Braine C But I get yourpOlO .Itsa the stude wonderfultng. We here at the BRUME U? believe in free expression, ernmentd and V't thiikcfanythingFRBKR body.' tana! Re NUMM Ing Gat Dsa --1 I Y--1 a. neo .I bber W ep ,ot t b dea lYW auburg!! Tell me, sir, why are ing that, Bruise? that orange and blue BRUISE--Simple, Ace. Did you or cheerleader megaever see a greater student's body d your neck? than this one? Talk about being Well, Num, unlike Peter In shape, man. Look at these didn't have a guitar. pecs. Ja'ever see anything so I see. Did the idea great? Camp Wauburg come NUMMY--You obviously haven't or-infamous Alligator noticed Miss U of F. Tell me, several weeks back? Bruise, why are you overdress No. Num, actually the in comparison to everyone else? I have felt this way BRUISE-Well, gosh-allGator, That's why we grew pal, you wouldn't expect me to ry so high in the back leave the trademark of my office we've decided to let behind, would you? hare our fnwith us. NUMMY-Well, no, not since Thank you. Goodbye, that Peel cover. See you around, cool. Oh, here's Oh, here's Miss U of F now. popper, president of Hello, good looking'. What's on ody. Hi Bruise. YOUR mind (pant, pant)? A great student govMISSUF--BolY gee, Fm just serves agreatstudent's wooderilig how I'li ever climb back into a formal tp at Atlantic -Why do you keep saySee WAUOtJRG, Pbge 9 THE FL i RDA Vol. 57, No. 126 (possibly the last edition of the year) Thursday, April U-No-What, 1965, no kiddin' 

PAGE 2

69 boys molested returning to dorms Ni kola i Lenin can't speak here The UF Student Revolutionary Party had demanded that Nikolai Lenin be admitted to the UF campus as a speaker. Initial reaction of the UF administration to Lenin's possible appearance here was total panic. Tiger Hall was closed tight. Contacted at his home, Dr. Unquotable Hall of the UF infirmary said "Lenin has not been accepted here in the recent past." His tendency for German Measles would certainly warrant his staying off the UF campus," he said. Objectives of the Revolutionary party have thus far been picketing of the football team, poisoning of Honor Apples, and abolition of showers and barbershops within a 40-mile radius of Gainesville. Faculty adviser Ed Agitatoricher said if Lenin is not allowed to come here he will annoint himself with gasoline and burn himself to death on the Plaza of the Americas in protest. Meanwhile, Action Party candidate Freddy Forceforchangelane claimed Lenin was "Only a put-up candidate to split his vote. "And I've got a tape in the original Russian to prove it," he claimed. "I have nothing to say until I talk to Coach Melvin," said Progress Party candidate Bruce Bellpepper. When contacted in Moscow, Lenin himself said, ".Xopow6, 48pT aa no6ept!" Asked about the political significance of a Lenin visit here, Professor John C. Calhoun of the Political Science Dept. said, "If we are led to believe that whereas there are the usual political ramifications of such a significant event, then we must pursue the ultimate agreement that there are no other factions or factors to be considered in rational thinking; or, as it has been a foregone conclusion that all of this is relative.there will be a test on this Wednesday." By STREET WALKER, Sixty-nins boys have been attacked and molested on their way bome from the library during the past two weeks, Dean Marinated Brandy reported yesterday. Miss Brandy said that a number of boys have become so emotionally upset by the attacks that they dropped out of school. She declined to give the names of the boys involved, but said that many of them were minors and threatened to throw the UF catalog at the girls if they were caught. Miss Brandy said that five or six girls were involved in the attacks which occurred about 10:20 a.m. at night as the boys were hurrying to meet their 10:30 p.m. curfew. "My goodness, a few boys were even late to their dorms," Miss Brandy whispered in a horrified tone. The Inquirigator contacted one of the girls supposedly involved and she agreed to talk to us if we didn't reveal her name. "Just say I'm one of the Broward 'girls' and they'll know what you mean," she quipped. She said that she believed that all people should be judged equally on merit as to their entrance to the UF and not on their face or sex. She organized the rest of the girls to protest the unfair ratio of boys to girls on the UF campus. "I don't see any difference between boys and us," she said. "After all, we are both equally equipped for college life," she added. Dean Fester J. Hailstones said that the administration couldn't see any connection between the attacks and the rumored cases of athletes foot on the campus. "After all, it's boys who have been attacked--not feet," Hailstones mused. Doctor Unquotable Hall said there have been no boys in the the reports of athletes foot and Florida Infirmary in the past few said he "isn't no foot doctor any. weeks. He refused to comment about how." Should Tigert be abolishedd, Student Mouse Pres. Smiley Bullpepper yesterday announced that he and Treasurer "Pocketsfull" Cheesecake are going to conduct a poll on whether Tigert Hall and the Administration should be abolished. Pres. Bullpepper said, "A great university demands a great student government--and I mean ALL government." Bullpepper also announced the appointment of Frank Gleen as head of an orientation program which will incorporate an activated UF ROTC command to insure student rights and prevent discriminatory activities by the Administration. Gleen reached late last night with co-workers Bill Hopalong and By-by Grooves said that "All I want is a sort of policing squad to handle the Sigma Nus. They jumped you know and we've got to keep them in line." Grooves started to commented by saying, "Our overall plan is to take over the university within a third of a trimester," he was interuppted however when Gleen pulled out his plug. CBS buys Kops The Columbia Broadcasting System h a s bought the exclusive rights to the Kampus Kops for a new TV series of the dame name, according to some geech in a button-down collar and weejuns. The Kops will be the stars of a weekly situation comedy series which will deal with such basic issues as the effectiveness of Cushman Scooters, raiding of AAUP banquets, and breaking up Freedom Forum demonstrations. The first show will deal withthe Escapades of "Fink" McGoon who singlehandedly broke up a plot to kidnap theIBM machine by Florida Atlantic administrators for their own university. "Fink" subsequently died of an ingrown hair. I I Agitatoricher gets honorary doctorate Edward Agitatoricher, UF humanities instructor, was granted an honorary doctorate degree today by Havana University in Havana, Cu a. Fidel El Tonto, president of Havana University, announced the honor early this morning as said that they choose Aitatoricher because of his outstanding work in this field. The Inquirigator contacted Agitatoricher at an ice cream parlor and he said he was very distressed by the honor. "What if I have to stay atthis lousy UF another year," he asked. TIRED.of raving professors? TIRED.of lousy folk singers? TIRED.of meaningless pickets? TRY RESPONSIBILITY FOR A CHANGE S NEW LYCRA SKY BALI BANDEAU Adjustable Stretch Straps with Bow Clips This Lycrag spandex and nylon lace bandeau is designed for action and easy comfort. The secret of its ease and perfect fit -each lace cup is arched with a Lycra band that comfortably adjusts to the body as though the bra were custom made. The stretch straps add extra ease and, are securely adjustable with Bali's exclusive Bow Clips. Fiber -content: Rigid sections: 100% nylon. Elastic: acetate/polyester/Lycra spandex. COLO RS: WHITE & BLACK Sizes 32-42, B & C Cups, $7 D Cup Sizes, $8 2nd Floor FO UNDATIO NS SHO P =4 plp :mlm:tEr,? A 

PAGE 3

RUN FOR YOUR A deadly trimonster peased has been stalking the cards UF campus for the past into OC 24 hours. His origin killed is unknown, but he is Road B reported to have entions ai tered Gainesville from :n *,. the vicinity of Tallahassee. As The monster has thread( been accused of such around deeds as devouring inmor'nill tellectrp and killing edto utte ucation. He can be apFloridE A oebic By SC TT TISSUE six-ounce $7.50. TI UF students are dropping like upon press flies, the camp hasbeenquaranI.D. card tined and all f od supplies are Union. being airlifted i as a result of Dr. Ur the devasting outbreak of amoebic has been dysentery that has\ been traced to the UF In Graham Area Snack Bar. The dy. The going black-r arket rate on a discovered dysentery hits Graham Area e bottle of Kaopectate is ihis remedy is obtainable entation of avalidstudent d at room 305, Florida quotable Hall said there no amoebic dysentery in firmary in the recent past. sentery epidemic was first ed among members of Orange and Blue Bulletin banned By PONTIAS PILATE The UF Board of Stupid Publications censored the Wednesday's issue of the Orange and Blue Bulletin in a meeting behind closed doors that was attended by approximately 1,000 students from the Animal Husbandry Laboratory. The Board claimed that the bulletin had violated its charter which specifically said that no more than .00038956% of the content may be allocated to campus humor and pointed to the following ad an an instance of such violation: "Lost--one pair of dice. See Saul Maverick at the TEP House." Furthermore, the bulletin had failed to print all of the letters to the editor it had received in the past two weeks, and the board termed this act an instance of "editorial irresponsibility." Dr. "Unquottable" Hall of the UF Infirmary said that there have been no Orange and Blue Bulletins in the UF infirmary in the recent past. "who reads the Orange and Blue Bulletin anyway," said one faculty member. 8#I never heard of it," said another. Freedom Forum who ate atGraham Area Snack Bar while protesting the refusal of the area rag, the Graham Cracker, to print their letters-to-the-editor. "We shall overcome our present dilemna and as soon as the Kaopectate begins to take affect, we plan to stage a stand-in at the Infirmary and demand that the staff print our letters -to -the doctors on the daily temperature charts," said an unidentified beard yesterday. Unofficial estimates place the number of cases on campus at around 14,000. Of the students who as yet have not contracted the disease, three have consented to distribute bottles of Kaopectate at the assigned room on the third floor of the FU. The rest of the still-healthy UF student body was seen fumigating the Main Cafeteria with masks over their mouths. NOCURFEW TONIGHT There will be no girls' curfew tonight in honor of the suggestion posed by Ed Agitatoricher to see if Florida girls need this stipulationby the administration. Girls must adhere to one rule however; They must sign out, include their escorts' name, their address and destination. "These sign-outs will be throoughly checked and offenders will be brought befor Hall Council. This story was supposed to come down to here but Vaughn blew i t TYPICAL REACTION: didate Charles Folley. -"I suspect Gov. Burns is behind this," he said. "It was probably financed by his bank account in Nassau. This is all a vicious plot to increase the alligator population and turn them on the Republicans in this state." Interfraternity Council president Jim Houser said "just because we're Greeks doesn't mean we'd do domething like that," when rumors began that UF fraternities were involved in the pregnancy. dbarf as Old apples really reek Mrs. Barbara Lean, secretary of the honor court said today that she is tired of all the stolen honor apples that are being held for evidence in her safe. "I have been working in the Honor Court for three years and have never had so many apples. This is a true sign of the mounting number of cases," Mrs. Lean said. Although this large amount of evidence shows the efficiency of the new Honor Court, I am Letting fed up with the stench! said Mrs. Lean. sometimes the apples lay aroundfor two or three months, and this created quite a hardship on the efficiency of the office. "If this problem is not cleared up soon we will have to stop taking on new cases of apple thefts," Mrs. Lean explained. '1 .. .. ...... 

PAGE 4

page 4, the florida alligator, thursday, april 1, 1965---archie THE FLORIDA INQUIRIGATOR Served By United Press international TALL DRAFT LITTLE STEVIE WONDER THE WOP PACIFIER MANAGING CENSOR EXECUTIVE EXTERMINATOR LOU FARCE NOTHIN'_MORE RIGHTWING EDITOR LEFTFIELD EDITOR MOTTO (ALL THE NEWS THAT WE THINK IS FIT, WE PRINT) '--RECORD SMASHED GURGLE By (ron) CUSPID (lUC), a resident of South III smashed all known records on the eve of March 29, 1965 when he successfully ended up chewing 50 sticks of Wrigley's spearmint gum at the end of a 25 minute time limit. His manager, Sadie Istick (lUC) supplied the gum. Unfortunately Cuspid swallowed the whole' wad of gum. Witnessed: In (gmar) CISOR ED. NOTE: We're all choked up. Don't Make Me Laugh (MY LIPS ARE CHAPPED) EDITOR: (Re: "Not So Funny" in Tuesday's ACT I, SCENE 3 (as near nothing as scene 2) LOCATION: Freedonia, Ala. PLAYERS: Zeke -A 220 lb. redneck sheriff Beauty -A 230 lb. "typical" Florida coed, Barney -A skinny deputy Mixed Mob Beauty (wearing a blue FWF sweatshirt) "Sheerf, give us the keys to the Outhouse.'' Sheriff: "Y ou mean to the courthouse,, don't you?" BEAUTY: "No, I mean to the outhouse. Where do you think this movement started?" SHERIFF: "I have here a Federal court order banning further demonstrations." BEAUTY (POUTING PRETTILY): "Whatdoes an old Federal court know? We have our rights. I don't want to be LEFT out." SHERIFF: "Look Miss, why don't you go back to dear old U of F?"' BEAUTY: "I don't go to U of F."1 SHERIFF: "Then what does FUF stand for." BEAUTY: "Flunked U of F. The administration totally unapproachable. Besides, you have to study." (AT THIS moment the mixed mob begins to mutter.) "Two. ..Four. ..Six. ..Eight We don't want to inter grate.I BEAUTY: ""ee, those rabblerousers don't want to intergrate with Negroes.' DEPUTY: 'They're not talking about Negroes They don't want to 'mix' with ou." BE AU 'Y (Shoving deputy down and stepping over hil sprawled body): "Students are not having a normal sex life. I'm burning up." Red Neckulous STUDENT GOVERNMENT PROGRESS REPORT 1 .:-.SOREHEADS WRITE-IN NOTE: IN keeping with view generally expressed in all out a daily STUDENT newspaer poicy to give a fair and those letters we've received, w wouil also like to take 'ate place on our pages for It will appear obvious to our opportunity to pa r criticism of the editorial readers that we have not flinched back not a little bit for the fin we have rendered an UNin our duty to print those letters performance we all have turned ti :D Judgment on the volumwhich may not be favorable to our this year. letters we have received and editorials. We haven't turned in very much decided to Print the letters Notwithstanding the fact that worthwhile news copy but we, follow because the editors many people think we have not been turned in a hellava good perform. these letters fairly and acdoing too good a job in putting ance.) ely represent those points of A Strong Dissent on the SELMA editorial EDITOR: WE THE UNDERsigned would like to take strong issue with your editorial on SELMA, ALA. Has it ever occurred to you that even though a person has never been to Selma, he may write authoritatively on the subject? Apparently it has occurred to you cause you did Gracious EDITOR: I AM FROM Micanopy and I have a teenager in attendance at the University. It is high time that the Alligator looked into asituation which I think is notonlydisgusting, but down-right lewd. MY DAUGHTER wrote home to Caleb (my husband, that is) and me and said that this year's graduation ceremony, the UF is allowing boy and girl students to MATRICULATE TOGETHER---right in front of everyone. WHAT'S MORE, Jeremiah(that's my son---we call him Jer for short) tells me, he goes to the UF too, that the professors are allowed to DISCOURSE with young girls, in front of the whole class. And to top that, my daughter tells me that men professors make the girls show their THESIS in front of the whole class. Also we hear that everyone is allowed to us the same CURRICULUM facilities. Now we want you all to make them people put a stop to all them goings on. What will you do about it? An IRATE parent ED.NOTE: We'resorry,butwe're afraid you caught us with our PROSTHESIS showing. We ran out just that--and that wasn't too bad after all. ON THE OTHER hand, we also take issue with the fact that a man may make a fair judgment of the situation and not be labeled a racist. It just can't be. Anyone who keeps his head when all about him are losing theirs will surely Smarty EDITOR: I AM fat and ugly and besides thai I have a 3.999 average and made Phi Bela Kappa this year, and no one will ask me for a date. Why? Glory Grunch ED. NOTE: Because you have a 3.999EDITOR: WITH THE sudden explosions of sit-ins of Freedom Forum members, I would like to bring to light ( in more ways than one) the continuing lie-ins prevalent in the Broward -Mallory -tennis .court area. Just what these liers -in are demonstrating is obscure to all but the BLUSHING coeds who traverse the course from sorority row to their dorm in twilight or dark. IF THE ALLIGATOR finds it difficult to work with demonstrators sitting on their desks, you should try to work with "demonstrators" lying all over the grass THE SITUATION, while embarassing, is dangerous to Florida's fresh young coeds---who face the danger of becoming fallen women. The obstacle COURSE is becoming harder to cross. STUDENT government has suggested lghts for the walk between the library and the women's dorms---perhaps lights here, not to discourage the couples, but to help the single coeds make their way through the masses of people would be one solution. Then again a cactus garden might beautify the area considerably. Rebbeca Righteous ED. NOTE: OUCH must be sane. WELL, anyway, we do have one serious point to disagree with you on, we think you were unjust in printing that Selma editorial when you did. YOU SHOULD HAVE RUN IT EARLIER. The Dissenters So are we EDITOR: I WANT TO COMPLAIN about an art course I am taking. I have attended the course for about three weeks and in every test I have made a "D". I have painted landscape scenes, bowls of fruit and three sailing vessels. But the prof says that everything I paint looks like something real.He says good painting can't be something. It's got to be something like no one has ever seen. So the other day I accidently dripped some paint on a canvas and the prof walked by, stopped, and exclaimed like how it was the greatest thing he'd ever seen. SO NOW I turn in a canvas every week (I wipe my brushes on these canvases) and I have been making A's ever since. But there is one thing I don't understand -why does my prof consider a painting of nothing so awfully terrific? .Cary Confused ED. NOTE: Because obviously nothing is better than something you feel. Keep up the good work. of letters "HEY, SWEETY, HOW YOU LIKE DAT DER MUSCLE?" "KEYS, KEYS, BLUE KEYS FOR SALE. ..iW. relv in U I 9 06 op. I j I 

PAGE 5

.Friends reply::::::-:w-::-:EDITOR: EDITOR: sles, but I know it aint." goIt's from me eating straw ----------------" I think that Dean Holy Graile in the Campus Club. Dr. Hall is absolutely right about the New Why do they keep rv Student Infirmity Orange Peel. face facts. It is dirty. Minnie Mer EDITOR: Don Fedderduster Editor Since you guys refuse to print EDITOR: my letters to the editor, I'm going EDITOR: to print them myself in book form. Call the Campus Cops I got this itch that the Student someone in my room 1 April, Man, This Year, Cool 'Gator, Like, lkige Fiver, Hit M~ M -4 0 g e CL 0 -ssp Bw sakespearei UC Isuirmity says is the German MeakilL. ..X Faded flickers Local re-runs spur 4 mass nausea attacks topics -such garbage. chatted with a British exchange By JON DEMENTED Hit #1 was TORN FROM THE student who had busted his buns c 8 PAGES OF THE BOOK OF LIFE! on Med Center Hill while protest" .CD .l The Suburbia Drive-In, in keeping with their policy of catering to the discriminating moviegoer with such outstanding hits as "Promises, Promises" (La Mansfield), "3 Nuts in Search of a Bolt" (La Van Doren), "Lust Motel," and "It's Whats up front that Counts," is presenting an equally provocative April Foolsshow, THE WORLD'S MOST AMAZING ATTRACTION -THE TRIPLE SHOW WITH THE TRIPLE IMPACT!! Three -count 'em -Three ABNORMAL ADULT SHOWS. You have to admire the Suburbia for ignoring public opinion and consistently offering us such daring material, such controversial (Cont'd. somewhere upthere) A bombshell of truth, even. This one, subtley entitled "SOULS OF SIN," was a sensitive, searching, at times beautiful, story of female victims of society, flung by sociological forces they didn't understand into sociological nests of inquity. A powerful sociological study, and very, very psychological, besides. This film really made me stop and think -think of why in the world did I break my vow of never going to these things again. Hit #2 was advertised as HUMAN, CLEAN, MORAL, EDUCATIONALI So I went up to the refreshment stand and got a large grape, a gator-chile-krautdog, and a Forever Yours, and THURSDAY STEAK NIGHT 5-9 P.M. ing Brazilian Week a few days earlier. The high point of Hit #3 was when a coed flashed a "Bite the Bag" sign on the screen, as well as some amusing but crude hand gestures. Entitled "MALE AND FEMALE,' it was difficult for me to concentrate on it from the beginning. First because I had already seen it in eighth grade science' class, second because it was mostly about the correctstrokes of brushing your teeth and the importance of using a non-irritating deodorant, and mainly because a large portion of the audiance were blowing their horns and chasing a man around screaming, "Kill the manager, spill his blood." Large Del Monico, Baked Potatoes, Tossed Salod, Hot Buttered Rolls $1.07 HUM PTY DUMPTY Drive-in & Restaurant EVERY DAY, GOOD HOME-COOKED MEALS 372-5387 3 10 NW 13th St., 2t lC', 0 t -3 C 10 -aS m tj,> r e Q t14 sa The Browse Slo ALL ABOUT PSYCHOANALYSIS.Jos. Rosner CHRIST & FREUD.Arthur Guirdha ALL ABOUT PSYCHOANALYSIS.Jos. Rosner CHRIST & FREUD.Arthur Guirdham WALDEN TWO.B.F. Skinner WHAT IS A TEACHER?.Henry Simon SHARK.Thomas Helm THE WO RLD OF NITROGEN.Isaac Asimov THE SMUGGLER.Ian Fleming TECHNICAL & REFERENCE REFERENCE DATA FOR RADIO ENGINEERS THERMO-ELASTICITY.Nowacki COUNTER EXAMPLES IN ANALYSIS .Gelbaum & Olmsted '7um sShop Ieobhtes -+ eD Ferris fan club 4wV I"t'ml Cool 'Gotor, Like,_ Page Fiver, -Hit M4 I April, Man, This Year, 

PAGE 6

Page Six, Go Directly To Jail, Do Not Pass Go, Do Not. I SPENT AGN H T IN THE AND LIVED! .with friend WillMinnie come toUF? Attempts are being made to secure Minnie the Mermaid for a Lyceum Council presentation, according to some b road from the Lyceum Council. "I believe Minnie would put on a genuinely rewarding show," she said. She said the only difficulty she sees in procuring Minnie is the problem of arranging a date into the Mermaid's busy schedule. When contacted b y t h e Inquirigator, Minnie said "Let it all han out. I'd be proud to appear there. I love an academic climate." Minnie's possible performance was readily endorsed by UF officials, who inquired. about when the ticket window would probably open. Minnie has recently concluded an exclusive tour of engagements which included the White House, the Florida Legislature, Parker's Barbecue and the TEP house. She is the star of 69 domestic movies. By BEAR ASPIRIN I awoke in the middle of the night and my eyelids were still heavy with the pentothal. Groggily I tried to rub my eyes with my hands to clear my vision; but it was no use -they were stillburned from the shock treatment. Finally, my head cleared and I saw a huge shape hovering over the bed in the darkness. "Roll ovah, honey -it's time fo' yo' penicillin shot," the shape said, and suddenly two eyes appeared in the darkness. Penicilinthat's how all this had started the morning before when I had come to the UF Infirmary for treatment for German measels. I entered the front door to find no one there -it was 8:30 and the d ..n place desn't open till 9:30. I waited in the bushes outside of Dr. Unquoteable Hall's window -the bushes had berries on them so no one saw me. The rash was getting pretty badspots were breaking out all over. Finally I got inside and waited another 15 minutes to get my folder. With the folder underneath my arm I slowly crawled to the nearest doctor's office for an interview. The doctor listened to my plight but insisted that I did not have the German measles-hehad broken his glasses while giving a penicillin shot -and besides he was color blind. The examination took another two hours during which time Ed Agitaturicher came in and insisted on sitting in during the examination -he insisted it was his freedom to do so. By this time the rash was getting pretty bad and the good doctor insured me that I would receive immediate treatment. He gave instructions to his nurse, Miss What -the -Hell -are -you doing -here, for a series of penicillin shots. You can imagine the response from myself. Penicillin shots are not the normal remedy for meases -at least that's what I thought. The next thing I knew three sitiners from Frreeddom For'em grabbed me and put me ina straight jacket. They put me in a grocery basket and wheeled me down to the elevator -inside was the green giant -he's suffering from malnutrition because of Food Service. The green giant looked at me and laughed -"You're going to enjoy this," he said. The next thing I knew I was on fourth floor of Tigert hall next to "I -speak-for-the-administration Hall's office." Inside was a room filled with at least 200 fellow students all were in a rash and all had meases. I was wheeled into a smaller room just inside Dr. Unquoteable No more classes? UF classes have been canceled for today and may not re-convene ever again, according to some bureaucrat from Tigert Hall. "Classes ain't no big thing, anyhow," said one Tigert official. Tigert was taken over yesterday by Freedom Party. In a vicious struggle on the Hall steps, Ed Agitatorricher, leader of the pace, pronounced himself "Savior of the World" and screaming this at the top of his lungs, flung himself through the thick glass doors. UFaadministrators were so alarmed at these proceedings that they fled to nearby Teds, where they are reported running the UF in exie. There were no official reports from Ted's. One administrator wandered out somewhat drunk, however. He was not identified. Hall's office. There stood Ed Agitatoricher again -"I'm for freedom" he said. He turned and looked toward Dr. Unquoteable Hall who was packing his pipe with rabbit tobacco. "Dr. Hall if youbdon't start m i x i n g your tabacco with black durham I'll scare the faculty into having you fired." By this time I was rather scared as you might imagine. My rash was getting worse and I felt rather nauseated by this time. Agitatoricher was hitting the climax of his speech with Hall, 'Dr. Hall, have you been working on your Ph.D.," he said. "Of course not," said Hall "I didn't put that in my biography when I came here in the recent past." By this time was tired of shooting off his mouth and left the room. Dr. Unquotable said "We haven't had such a case of brashWill ROTC A military junta of ROTC brass is considering a complete takeover of Tiger Hall, according to some flit in an Air Force uniform. A massive military buildup of 15 Gator raiders, local civil air patrol cadets, two boys scout troops armed with razor blades and chewgum, a marching troop of sorority housemothers and five UF groundskeepers reported by Tiger Hall intelligence early this morning. Secret operations have reportedly been underway for several weeks. According to Mrs. Dirtyole Wombat, head of the crack drill team of sorority housemothers, the daily takeover attempts will be concluded strictly at 10:30 p.m on weekday nights. "We have been in contact with the Engineering School, where a small nucleardevice hasbeen made available," said some flit in an army uniform. In class this week, ROTC students have been giving only name, rank, andserial number when asked questions. "War is hell," said UF President Jay Wainerites when contacted. past." He then grabbed a needle and gave me a shot of sodium penathl. "When did you first get V.D." said he. sI don't have V.D.," I insist, "Sure you do," said Hall "I can tell by those large green spots on your arm." I had to explain that the spots weren't greenDr. Unquotable Hall is also color blind. I don't know what happened from this point on. But I got my appendix out. I awoke the next morning next to Albert's cage. "How are you doing Albert," I said. "Not so good," he said, "I met this sleek gator gal the other night and got the measles." "What ever you do Albert," I said, "don't go to the infirmary." "I know" said Albert, "That's the reason I'm pregnant." SCANNING TIGERS WALL .some ROTC flif CO NS IDERTHE AARDVARK (a noblebeast, at least) BEAIR ASPRIN .-. .-.m 

PAGE 7

U Broward annexed .Lessee, Where Were We.Oh, No Sweat, This Is 7 by Miami Beach Florida Blue Screw organizes The City Commission of Miami Beach announced late last night that It has decided to anne Broward L pu.j~ ti HallontUFpJayto harass campus politicos rites of the Agriculture Department, said that he doesn't mind beone of the newer organizations cause he was wondering if it would on campus Is Florida Blue Screw, bers of this organization and if be possible for the UF pig farm (FBS), dedicated to the harass.-they would take the iniative to to exist that far south ment of the other political organapply for membership, their apA spokesman for the Broward izations on campus. plication would be speedily apHall, Pussy Galore, announcedthat This orgaizaton, suspiciously proved. Sally Broom and Cathy Stacouse formed just after the Florida Blue FBS does not hold all night would stay behind at the UF; the Key (FBK) tapping session this tapping sessions to decide which rest of the pigs would leave for the trimester, has not had a great applicant has done them the most "Ghetto of the South" immediately. many applications for membership. favors and knuckled under to the Dr. Unquotable Hall of the UF The organizers feel this is due organization the most times, but Infirmary said that there had been 'to the lack of publicity that FBS rather, membership in FBS is no sausage or bacon in the inhas received in the past. It is based solely upon how bad the firmary in the last few weeks. felt that many campus politicians applicant has been screwed in the are well qualified tobecome mem-, past. WHO, ME? Sure. You, especially you, 'can be a member of your SEMINO LE yearbook's 1965-66 staff. We're taking applications now for the following editorial positions: Copy Editor Greek Editors (2) Organizations Editor Events Editor Photography Editor' Seniors Editor Living Editor Sports Editor Pick up your application in Room 12 Florida Union, before Tuesday, April 6. There's one waiting with your name practically already on it. ATTENTIONI All names, places, and things in today's paper are ficticious and any similarity to persons living or dead Is Purely coincidental. (That's pretty funny, isn't it). Following distribution of this paper, do not try to call Alligator offices. They will be locked, The editors will not be there. They will be out of town. Address all lawsuits to the Board of Control (in Limbo). HARK! Have We Got Specials? You Know It! City Chicken 6-oz. Filet Fresh Grade-A Fryers Sirloin Steak 89, lb. 69, ea. 29c lb. 79, lb. Come See Us! ceoc f to BILLY'S BUTCHER SHOP 504 NW 8th Ave. '376-8905 Featuring OL faShioneb Service And Finest Meats at Fairest Prices j Whipped Cream Sleeveless Nothing Blouse White and Pastel Shades for Sportswear $3.98 Also, other styles in same fabric FLEPFID NEXT TO FLOOIDA THEATRE FREE PARKING IN 1ST FEDERAL LOT 

PAGE 8

Page 8, Lay'em Straight, The Fla. 'Gate, April 1,1968 M. L. Kong tapped Fla. Blue Ke By SONNY LISTON Nobel Peace Prize winner Rev. Martin Luther Kong was recently tapped by FlorSO|SRO hit two houses Restrictions have been imposed on two entire UF fraternities because of the larger number of measles cases that have appeared in their houses, according to Wil11am (I've been) Crossed dean of fraternities. "We don't want any of the other houses to come down with measles," Crossed went on to say. The germ was picked up from a traveling ice cream peddler, but the peddler was caught before he could give anything to any of the other houses. James Howler, president of the IFC said he discussed the contaminated peddler at a special meeting held in the basement of his dorm last week. "We tried to catch the peddler ourselves, but we just couldn't get it." The campus police have been notified and are out trying to get the peddler now. When asked If this incident had anything to do with the controversy over the IFC blood drive Howler said, "Don't look at me, I never eat ice cream." ILLUSTRIOUS FLORIDA BLUE KEY TAPPEES FOR 19e5 ida Blue Key, some grams as his major, UF surfing club and embryo Napoleonfrom Kong rounded out an as Assistant to the Sethe chapter in the sky outstanding re cord cretary of the Undertold us today. of service to the Unisecretary of OneCiting his recent versity with his legged Indonesian Stuwork with SGER proparticipation in the dent Affairs in the past administration. Blue Key President Stewed Parsnips announced that it's great to have another fraternity man in Key. IS THIS ANYWAY TO RUN AN AIRLINE? .you I ~w~& bet it isl bi F0K 3LW X!Fr U 

PAGE 9

campus news b riefs FANCLUB The We Loved Juanita Jo Club will meet at the infirmary to discuss measles prevention. UPSILON PHI Gamma Upsilon Phi of Upsilon Phi will meet at the bottom of the Gator Pond. SAVE BETA WOODS The S a v e Beta Woods Society will meet at the golf course behind Yulee Hall to "discuss" plans for the future. TOILET PAPER The Students for the Abolishment of Real Toilet Paper Rolls in Broward Hall will meet tomorrow at 6 a. m. across the way from the new Florida Union is being built. 200 CLUB The 200 Club will meet to receive free penicillin shots tonight at 8 p.m. TATOOING Group classes in tatooing are being offered by the Florida Union Fine Arts Committee in Johnson Lounge of the L Florida Union. Advanced classes specializing in Spanish galleons and hula irs will be held if tere is a demand. BUS AD BABES The Bus Ad Babes will meet Thursday at 7p.m. to discuss tagblme -setting etiquette. A rava ROTC tensi Nor Corn plasters will ced t be distributed to ROTC iarit cadets at drill this afhead ternoon. This is the No only day this offer will te be made. man FREEDOM FOR 'EM Freedom For 'Em will h o 1 d a protest meeting tonight in the Freedom House. The f topic to be protested will be voted on at the meeting. Bring poster paper. Magic marers and picket sticks. thursday, april 1, 1965, the ohlio INQUIRIGATOR Picture of the v Locust plague sweeps Ag service By COTTON PIKER tablets who has been picketing the An unverified rumor \has been Ag School for the past forty days circulating in connection with the locust plague is currently told our reporter in a candid locust plague that the first-born ging the UF Agricultural Exinterview that the plague would of several members of the adon Service fields throughout cntinue until the Alligator pubministration had been reported to tern Florida, it was anauilished his letter to the editor. heve died in the UF infirmary last o us yesterday by Dr. MorCarrying a placard that said night. S"Call me Spanish" Flie .Student Publications," he of the Ag Service, charged that the Inquiregator has Several faculty members were explanation could be given for refused to publish his letter so seen this afternoon annointed henomenon. However, an old he carved it on the stone tabtheir doors with the blood of a with a beard and two stone lets. ram.---DANCE The Cuban Revolutionary Club will sponsor a dance at 8 .m. F riday. The Four Guerrillas" will play. NEWORANGE PEEL Persons interested i obtaining back issues of the 1New Orange Peel come to Room 15 of the Florida Union. We'll make you a deal ..cheap. (Continued from p. 1) City after all this. I mean that's so.so PURITANIC, you know? NUMMY--Well (pantspant), let's hope we can start a new trend. What do you have to say about Wauburg-in-the-altogether? MISS UF--Just one drawback. Don't get pinned. It really smarts. NUMMY--I can imagine. Say, here's Stewed Parsnips, president of Florida Blue Key. What are you thinking so hard about, Stew? STEW--Trying to figure out where the hell I can dangle this %#**I*##@l keyl NUMMY--Well, it could be worse. You could be the presiident of Mortar Board. Say, Stew, are you scouting around out here today for any potential tappes? STEW--Who the hell's looking at BOYS (pant, pant)? NUMMY--Same ole Stew. Say, here's a familiar figure. Marna. MARNA V.--What was that crack about a "familiar figure," Sonny? NUMMY--Just a figure of speech, m'am. What are you up to this afternoon? MARNA V.--Just checking up on my girls, making sure no curfew are being violated, and like that. I dunno how in the heck I'm supposed to check on ID's, though. Crazy administation. Looks like we'll have to go to full-length pictures on the cards. NUMMY--Good thinking, Marna. Well, nice seeing you. MARNA V.--Now what was that crack about. NUMMY--Forget it, Marna. I take it back, believe me. Say, what's all this excitement down here on the waterfront? EDITOR LITZ--Just some members of the Freedom Forum, parading around in overcoats and claiming their constitutional rights are being violated. Thank G they decided to leave my office alone See WAUBURG, Page 14 ... ...oo P- 

PAGE 10

Buddy Jacobs takes time for a Coke break at Donigan's.the perfect pickup for warm summer days. GadrinLe CxaCo WIotlrgDo Fremacs carries a wide selection of s orts shirts for the Florida man in swing with summer. Fremacs has become a f a v o r i t e with the Florida man who is fastidious about his dress. Located at 112 W. University Ave. FREMACS TWO GREAT ORANGE and BLUE Never misses early classes Something you can always count on. The Gator. It'll be there rain or shine every morning. By the time 4th period rolls around more than half the papers will be gone. By noon it's hard to find a Gator anywhere 1:on campus. This means that morethan 13,000 students, faculty and staff will have scaned the front page, read the editorial, scrutinized the classified ads, looked at yesterday's box score and seen the ad for the grand opening of anew Gainesville business by mid-day. The Gator gets used for a temporary rain cover, sunshade, and fan. It'll provide a clean spot to sit that you can carry with you. It's an excellent companion while waiting for class to begin. Most o~f all The Gator gets read. Everyday. y thirteen thousand different people. That's why Gator advertisers are a happy lot. Campus Federal Cyclerama -Parade Dress: Now what could look smarter than a Yamaha Cycle? Lots of them, obviously, or even better: A Yamaha with a Florida man astride. The summer trimester is almOs' time to start thinking of paying for your education works ahar sb the Campus Federal Credit Union the Dial-a-Loan service, call 3764 day or night. University ext. 5 

PAGE 11

BINATIONS AINESVILLE and YOU -I love. -~~~ ----El dia de los tontos, 1965, El Caiman de la Universidad"Vde Florida, pagina onceBarkley Motors The discerning man appreciates Swedish movies, Swedish blondes and Swedish cars. the VOLVO sports model, imported from Sweden, is sold in Gainesville exclusively at Barkley Motors. Just one of the many reasons why Barkley Motors is deserving o the title of the sports car center of Gainesville. Located at 2201, N. Main St. Uniuersity City Bank "Just checking to see if the money's still there." Joyce avalar and Gleason Snow look in on the vault at University City Bank, located just 2 blocks from campus. Donigan's Sara Lynn McCrea and Barbara Felsenthal smile at thoughts of the beach and new bathing suits from Donigan's. Donian's carries the finest clothes for coeds who want to be in style with summer. Donigan's the home of the discerning college dresser. st here, and it's fees. If paying ship on you, let n help you. For 50 .any time, 5107, or 2973, -----~' --~-,-',.-' .-~ %v~k l 

PAGE 12

Page. uA mmmmm. ..well I, gosh-allI gator ..ohh, who cares G T.OR CLASSIFIEDS For Sale ODE BANJO -Rosewood neck with hand carved peghead & heel, ebony finger board with motherof-pearl inlay. $300 or best offer. John Pierson 372-8743. (A-127tf-c). FOR SALE,14 FT. RUN-A-BOUT Marine Plywood construction, fiber glassed seams, steering hook-up. $65. Linda Ann Court, Ocala Road, FR 6-5826. (A-127tf-nc). USED SINGER VACUUM cleaner. Good working condition. $7.00. Call 2v7590. (A-127-lt-p). BOAT FOR SALE OR TRADE. Have 16 foot Carter Craft with 30 hp. Evenrude Motor. and a Gator Tilt Trailer with wind shield, canvas top, remote controls skis and slalom. Will trade for car of equal value. Call FR 2-3251 after 6 p.m. (A-127-5t-c). 1956 GREAT LAKE HOUSE TRAILER. 8x34 with 10xlO wooden sealed cabana, air-conditioned, deep freeze, 10xiD porch. Can occupy 7/1/65. $1500 cash. See at Town &. Country Trailer Park. Call Don Hall FR 2-4602. (A-127it-c). BAR BELL SET including 2 dumbells. Set weighs 110 pounds. Excellent condition. $35 new.,I would like $20. Call David Newman 3768829. (A-127-lt-c). SPECIAL THIS WEEK 1,000 name and address labels $1.00postpaid. To m Baugh -Box 14037, University Station, Gainesville, Florida. (A-124-5t-c). THERMOGRAPHIC COPY PAPER. Three 500 sheet boxes of Buff. Retail for $20 per box. Will sacrifice for $10 per box. Call Ext. 2832 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. (A-110-tf-nc). 3 MINUTES FROM MED. CENTER & NAfW VA HOSPITAL. 3bedroom, 1 bath home on oak shaded lot. Nicely furnished. $5,500. Terms. Call Mrs. Ann Hinson, John Merrill Agency, FR 2-1494. (A-126-5t-c), KELVINATOR REFRIGERATOR in very good working condition. Has large cross top freezer. $60 cash. 1102 NW 3 Ave. Phone 372-8048. (A-126-3t-c). HOUSE FOR SALE. 2-bedroom frame, furnished, large screened porch, play yard. 5 minutes from Med. Center, off Archer road. $8,000 Take occupancy June 15th. Call 372-0752. (A-126-3t-c). LIKE NEW: FM/AM BAND, 3speed 14 transistor, Portable stereo Radio-phonograph, (works on batteries). Plus AC adapter $125.00. FR 2-9372. Ask for Calvin. (A-126-5t-p). MUST SELL! 1959 Ranchero TRAILER, 10x45, very good condition, furnished, 2 -bedrooms, fenced in yard, close to campus, Glynnwood Park, Lot 2, on Archer Road. Phone 378-1596. (A-126t-p). ATTRACTIVE CONTEMPORARY -bedroom, 2-bath near med.oen. ler and VA--woa4 fcor, Cypress peanell. W t sel. 2-0328 after pum. (&4-.Se-c),. Tor Sale 1 1960 SABRE 50x10 MOBILE HOME. Air-conditioned. Excellent condition with 30x10 screened alum. cabana. After 6, Lot -36 Hickory Hill. 372-7955 (A-125-4tc). HARLEY DAVIDSON 125 motor cycle. Excellent condition. $125. Also a West Bend Go-Kart. See at 1036 NE 4 Street or call 3721902. (A-125-3t-c). 1963 MO-PED motor bike. Great condition for campus use. $80. Call Gary, 115 East Hall, 2-9128. (A-125-3t-c). MOBILE HOME for sale -30x8, 1958, air conditioned, good condition, ideal for couple. Hill Crest Trailer Park, 378-2621 Ext. 32 day 372-7834 after 5 p.m. (A1254t-c). For Rent LARGE ROOMS with a fullyequipped, upstairs, KITCHEN, available to male students. Occupy immediately. 104 SW 8 St. or 3720243. (B-127-tf-n). AVAILABLE APRIL 25, large cool, comfortable room inprivatehome. Nice quiet surroundings. See at 202 NW 12 Ter. Call FR 6-5368 or FR 6-2100. (B-125-St-c) HOUSE AVAILABLE TO SUBLET for summer. May keep after summer if desired. 5 room air-conditioned. Suitable for 4 people, can be seen by appointment. 4401 SW 13 Street. 378-1252. (B-127tf-c). FURNISHED HOUSE 2-bedroom, freshly redecorated. Convenient walking distance from Univ& town. Ideally located. $120/month. Call Layton 8-2671 (B-127-tf-c). Newly built modern apartment. One bedroom, modern kitchen, completely furnished. Air-conditioned. Large closets andstorage space. Quiet nice location. Available end of April. Call 372-3156. (B-127-t-p). 3 BEDROOM FURNISHEDAPARTMENT. Available April 23. Only $80.00 per month. Perfect for 3 or 4 students. Call Terry 3720852. (B-127-It-p) AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY 2bedroom unfurnished apartment, 1 block from campus. Kitchen equipped, venetial blinds. 103 NW 21 St. Call 6-6112. (B-126-St-c) ROOM WITH PRIVATE bath & a comfortable efficiency apartment, available April 25, across from campus. Apply 321 SW 13 Street. (B-127-t-c). AIR-CONDITIONED, split level, modern apartment for two, three blocks from campus. Reduced to $85 a month. Call 378-2358. (B-126-2t-p). KEEP COOL THIS SUMMER New Danish modern, one bedroom, airconditioned apartment with plenty of closet space. $90 a mon$h (includes water, sewage and garbage collection). Available April 24th. Call 378-0094 after 5:30 (B-126St-c). 2-BEDROOM FUBNEIED HOUSE, 1 mile from campus. Will sublet Apri 25 throqh Aqg. $85 monthly. 872-2861. (B-l-tf-c). For fAent nW One dood It ala 'T*i' ur IT Dial M3-690 U20 a amrue rd, .maarlaira tilnte I AVAILABLE APRIL 24, furnished, 2-bedroom, kitchen, Reduced rate for summer. 322-A NE 11 St. 378-1509. (B-126-5t-c). 2-BEDROOM FURNISHED APARTMENT, available summer trimester, 1 mile from campus. $75/mo. for two plus utilities call 8-2018. (B-126-5t-c). ALL UNITS GROUND FLOOR, 2 roorris furnished, refrigerator. Few air-conditioners. Nokitchens. 2 blocks from main air-conditioned Library, classes, food centers, Post Office, laundry etc. Rates $90--$185 entire semester. 6-6494. (B-126-5t-c). SMALL FURNISHED, 1-BEDROOM apt. Available May 1. Less than 2 blocks from campus. 10161/2 SW 4th Ave. (lower). $60/mo. (B-126-3t-p). AIR-CONDITIONED Apartments for 3A and/or 3B. Suitable for 2 or 3 people $70 per mo. plus electric. 1829 N. W. 2nd Ave. Suitable for 3 or 4 people at 1518 NW 4th Ave. $90-$100 with air-conditioning included. Also renting for fall at slightly higher rates. Call 3764353. (B-llltf-c). UNFURNISHED Apartment, 3 large rooms. Kitchen furnished, tile bath and 1/2. Large porch and yard. Enjoy cool shady summer living.' $85 per month. 923 NW 3rd Ave. 376-9992. (B-123-tf-c). CBS HOUSE, 3-bedroom, 2-bath, air conditioned, fully furnished. $100 per mo. Phone 376-8195 after 6. (B-125-tf-c). AVAILABLE FOR SUMMER term at reduced rate: 1 unbelievable-until seen-completely furnished, $50/mo. apt. See after 2 p,m. 218 NW 3 Ave. (B-125-tf-p). SA&B -3-bedroom, 2-bath, furnished new house. 5 min. from campus. $120 per mo. Ideal for family or group of students. Call FR 2-8668 after 6. (B-125-tf-c). MODERN 1-BEDROOM, furnished apartment. Air-conditioned with plenty of room outdoors. Call 2-2306 after 5. (B-125-5t-c). 2-BEDROOM APARTMENT. Ideal for 3 students. Lowsummer rates. Downtown location. 372-0481. (B125-5t-c). TSMEN'S CYCLE CENTER 617 N. Main St. Saies &SrvTc --lasagna Ravioa Veal Prmigana -omeMade Italian Sausages Is Ev Tow%, or City, Yoi CHECK ON THE STATE THEATRE JAZZ HOUR Each Sunday at Midnite -Guy Graham I. e L U AM sn. n WAII4 f"I1 141.kA.1--C__U I m M For Renti 1 FURNISHED ROOM, efficiencys, one, 2-bedroom apartment, utilities furnished except gas. Low summer Trimester rates. Off street parking down town location. 372-0481. (B-125-5t-c). ROOMMATE DRAFTED. Must move. Reduced rates for summer. Modern split level, air-conditioned apartment 2 blocks from campus. Call 2-4371 from 12:00 to 5 p.m. or 2-3329 from 6-9 p.m. (B-1263t-c). FURNISHED APARTMENTS AVAILABLE April 1 & May 1. One bedroom modern, air-cond. apts. near Univ & Med. Center. Adults only no pets. Lease required.$90/ mo. 372-3488 or 376-4360.(B-125tf-c). NEW 1 BEDROOM Furnished apartments. Air-conditioned, all electric. Available April 10th. Call FR 2-2436. (B-122-tf-c). Services TYPING, THESIS, TERM PAPERS, & reports. Fast, accurate, reasonable. Electric typewriter with elite type. Mrs. Betty Ogletree, 4105 NW 13 Place, Phone 6-0995. (M-126-3t-c). Lost & Foud LOST: A PAIR of black eye glasses in abrown leather case. BobBoden. 164 Fletcher "L". FR 2-9219. (L-125-3t-p). ... Autos 955 CHEVROLET BEL AIRE, 2door, hard-top. Radio, heater, Good condition. New tires. Call 8-2018. (G-127-5t-c). 1963 SUNBEAM ALPINE. Good condition, new tires, brakes, tonneau, seat belts. Wire wheels, radio, heater. Make offer. 3782028 after 4 p.m. (G-127-3t-c). 1950 Chevy, 2-door hard-top, standard transmission, radio & heater. Good condition. Bestoffer. Call 6-5565 after 5 p.m. (G-1273t-c). 1957 Volvo PV-444 Good condition. Complete engine overhaul. 28 miles per gallon gas. Great buy $425.00. Will haggle. Call Bill 378-2952. (G-127-5t-p). '64 CHEVROLET, low mileage. Pick up payments. Call'462-1232. (G-127-lt-c). 1958 VOLKSWAGON. Good condition. Make offer. Call George Hartwell 2-9307. (G-127-tf-c). 56 PLYMOUTH, runs excellentbut body quite rusted. Almost new tires, battery, generator, voltage regulator. $125 cash. Call 8-1400 after 6:00 (G-126-2t-p). 1955 DODGE, 2-door hardtop, new motor, trans, batt., seat covers. A-1 condition. $250.(Terms available). FR 2-2939 after 5 p. m. (G-125-4t-c). T Regular Admisson SAT. A Academy Award W nor TMSTANLEY KRAMES OPE N AWSxMwM s~IUDGMENT2:15 Awr features at .2:30 A~y Ms. 4 5:45 Exclusive Special Engagementl1 9:00 N0 RESERVED SEATS! 3 PERFORMANCES DAILY! 

PAGE 13

-C-AS I f ACCSf # CI1ASSIITEDSI Wanted NEEDED FOR SPRING & FALL, two female roommates to share a bedroom in large house 4 blocks from campus. $25/month per person. Call Stephanie at Univ. Ext. 2792 before 5 or 2-6568 after 5. (C-127-tf-c). RIDE WANTED TO JACKSONVILLE FOR TOMORROW. (Friday). One way leaving 2:30--3:00 p.m. Call Burin FR 6-1025 before 4:30 today. (C-127-lt-c). ONE FEMALE ROOMMATE 3A term. Air-conditioned apartment. 4 blocks from campus. Call Sally 376-9778 after 6 p.m. (C-1262t-c). WANTED: USED CLASSICAL guitar. Reasonably priced. Phone 3728745. (C-126-2t-p). A few hundred more students to enjoy SPUDNUTS DONUT SHOP. 1017 W. University. Open to midnight every night. (C-126-3t-c). Help Wanted PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT, Degree in Personnel, knowledge of Engineering. Desirable start $6,000/year. Chemistry or science majors to $6,000/year. Chemical & mechanical& Mechanical Engineers $700/mo.Geologist MS Degree $700/mo. Contact: Virginia O'Quinn, Consultant in Personnel, P.O. Box 2263, Lakeland Florida. Phone 682-8161 (E-1253t-c). ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIO NS Hush, Hush, sweet Charlotte The years will soon erase A lover'sIles, his pleading eyes The blood upon his face. Amw -, 1:20,355,6:30,9:05 WELL I WELL "JOHN GOLDFARB" IS COMING Help Wanted GAINESVILLE REALTOR WANTS an ambitious family man considering full time employment as a Real Estate Salesman. Must be alert, energetic, and willing to work 50 to 60 hours a week in return for income commensurate with ability. See Warner Weseman at 1113 N. Main St. (E-127-4t-c) Real Estate TAKE UP PAYMENTS AND pay closing costs on a repossessed 3-bedroom, 2-bath house. Central heat, CCB and newly painted. Phone 372-3826. (I-120-tf-c). Baituati~n1 NEED CREATIVE WRITER FOR TV OR PRIVATE FILM? Maybe you have facts but lack professional script or you have film already but no narration. Sales messages, short subjects, documentaries, w r i t t e n. 2-5220. (F-126-St-c). Personal EDUCATION MAJORS & SFEA MEMBERS see 200 pounds of lucious woman as Minnie the Mermaid #11 performs her exotic act at SFEA meeting to be held April 1, 7:30 p.m. in Room 140, Norman Hall. (J-127-lt-nc). GA TOR A DS GET RESULTS Motorcycles For The Discriminating CYCLERAMAK -2811 21 SE 2nd Place --TONITE!3 GREAT HITS! FIRST AREA RUN 0 *A di, PA ,, F nw'uIR #111 [PiOfw4FE2,52iH1 I U~tTECHNICOLO~r m M rLAFF,2,OTe 31ARTMc!DAY' Page 12-1/2 (We're Superstitious), The 'Gator, April 65 AS COURT CLERK SEAG4(ULL IN COME CLEAN, SEAGULL, YOU! .says UF president Bellpepper (that's him on the right). It w a s announced yesterday by Smiley Bullpepper that Bob Seagull was appointed Clerk of the Dishonor Court. "Bob is the most qualified person that I can think of to hold this office," Smiley stated. When contacted by the Inquireagator Seagull had the following statement ready. "I feel that I will be able to do a good job in this office. I feel that I am qualified and that I hold all the requisites for this position of trust. I will strive to do the best possible job I can, There is so much to be done here on campus. There are justtoo many honest people here on campus to suit me." S e v e r a l Inquiraator reporters went o TigertHall for a CALIFORNIA STYLE 65% Dacron 35% Cotton Machine-Washable $5.99 VALUE N ow $399 Available in a variety of colors and collar styles CENTRAL SHO PPING PLAZA statement but mysteriously all personell were on an extended coffee break and would not be back for sometime. The secretaries had no comment to make on the appointment. ol e Haydon to open. new school Governor Haydon Burns has announced the opening of a new institution of higher learning in Zolfo Springs which will serve the needs of 10,000 migrant workers in that area. Governor Burns stated that he would personally finance the construction costs of the new school from his personal bank account in Nassau and will appoint Charles Halley as the first president of the institution. Te general con.sensus In the state capitol is that Holley, because of his recent confinement In a state Institution for Idiocy,, Is Ideally suited for the job of university president. Burns also announced the appointment of Pontius Pilate as Academic Chancellor to makecertain that a "spirit of Academic freedom prevails at the new university." Furthermore, Dr. "Unquotable" Hall of the UF Infirmary was chosen to head the new medical center to be built with the new school sometime In the next afty years. Dr. Mall wasunvabe for comment Nick Arroyo got engaged last night. You Saw it' first in the Florida Inquir"o igotor 

PAGE 14

(Continued from p. 9) NUMMY--Well, say, Ernie! What are you doing out here? LITZ--Oh, just trying to uncover a newsstory or two--ha ha. NUMMY--Nice try, Ern. Has the 'Gator decided on a policy toward Wauburg's New Look? LITS--I've delegated that .Student Gov't Head decision to Ed Barber, the greatest college editorial writer in the oUV A --s country, as you know. iuEe? W r1E 9 See WAUBERG, Page 16 Mouse zoo to open ..many fifths floWed Top UF honchos invohi Police raided the National Convention of the American Association of University Professors today and confiscated 2,000 fifths of whiskey. The warrant for the arrest of the societies' president, Dean lustrious Hale, was sworn out by Dr. Unquoteable Hall and Grubby Welbprn of the campus slop house. Welborne said, "I protest the servIng of Whisky on campus by outside concerns -all food and beverages must be sold by food servicidel** Ed Agitatoricher, local campus OitIwjesaid, "I'm for freedojigie me liberty or death." Hall, standing nearby. red fl SC picked up an empty bottle of whisky and hit Agitatoricher on the head nothing happened, however, because of all the fat surrounding Agitatoricher's brain. Hall said the reason for his protest was that the AAUP refused to grant the infirmary a trainload of penicillin. "I protest -I demand my rights -I'm for freedom -I'll callthepresident," said Agitatoricher grubbly. "I'm sorry," said Hall, "Cullpeppered is out of town." Wellborn commented, "Everybody is against the campus slop house P1l have you know that we buy from the best garbage The Gator Zoo, a new attraction being offered as a aervi by Student Mouse representatives and the Athletic Department n d a lMouse Pres. Smiley Bullpepper said, "It was an excellent service in the country, Freedom opportunity to combine all of my old and new friends from the For 'Em." university community." No comment on the arrest of Bullpepper, who spent his undergrad days as a member of Illustrious Hale was received from Florida Gators' finest, a football hero, has 'since gone on to Pres. Reitz -he's out of town in bigger and better things. the jungle of Tallahassee. '1"I want to especially thank all the wonderful people who have Gov. Pinko Burns did have a -told me everything I know in establishing the extravagant zoo. comment to make -"I think this I want to express my appreciation to Coach Grey .aves and situation is reflective of what I my present Coach, Muck Melburn. Without him I literally could said in my campaign. I know who not do anything." the pinkos are -they are the Among some of the fine attractions in the zoo will be Jack .*nes drinking Vodka." uZ, former animal trainer for one of the local drinking esGrubby Wellborn -after relishments, Kenney Kennedie, former mouse president whowent covering from lunch -walked ligi mate, and Pul Handtrucks, another former mouse president, back into the room and said he only who made it at the bigtime sky of Blue. was sorry. "We ordered the Coach Grey Raves, called for whether he would be present Whisky," he said, "I had lost the at the opening ceremonies, announced "I think we've finally order -blank -but I found -jelled." in my soup durr lunch." 101% ---L ---rI .a -a ..-. gn my honor as a Florida student, this is Page 14 AAUP banquet raided Student Govt (they were DRINKING!) By JOHN E. PLUNGER Doctor "Unquotable" Hall of the A private bathroom for StuUF infirmary in the recent past." dent Body President Bruce BellGovernor Flaming Burns said: pepper has been installed on t "The Johns Committee is going third floor of the Florida Union to have to look into this. in the executive suite, according to some idiot with a Blue Key. Freedom Forum threatened to toss a picket around the office because the door would open only with a Blue Key, but were discouraged from demonstrating when Bellpepper called several of his old teammates to his defense. In explaining the situation, Bellpepper said: "It was Coach La- 

PAGE 15

What the hell page is this anyhow? 4 ;ator Staffers arrested following publication of Apri Fool issue The entire staff of The Florida Alligator was placed under arrest early this morning as a result of the "so -called" April Fool's issue. "I will not be made a fool of," said Gestapo Leader Awful Silly. Managed Editor Stevie Wonder placed all the blame on Editor Schlitz. "He said that it weren't no big thing, but it could grow and gave us a green light."' Editor Schlitz, dragged out from under a bunk in the inner sanctum of Gainesville's luxurious city jail could only murmur incoherently something to the effect that "Well, I guess the truth-hurt, didn't it?" Demonstrations w e r e immediately brought under way by students of the UF School of Journalism. They carried placards which had such inscriptions as "Keep them in, we don't want them," and 'Schlitz go home." Student Mouse Pres. Smiley Bullpepper, f o u n d in unfamiliar surroundings at the Law School, said, "I think this is yet another example of the type of activity within which we can operate towards a great university as always alluding to such obvious indicators as the framework of instruction in this society allows." Meanwhile, coming out of the West wing of the Law School were rumors of a takeover in the bowels of the Union by such forces. Said ringleaders Beer g u t Moolay and Dave "Far Out" Westerner, "I think we can restore The Alligator to its rightful place in the student's society. We are the only ones who can see the truth as it obviously is. WE WANT ACTION NOW!!! And until we get it our hands will remain up." Members of the Arab Club have been understood to wire Pres. Nasser to intervene on behalf of their nationals. "The time to strike is now while the iron is hot and the presses are cold," they agitated. UF Prexy Gritz would make no comment and Dean Fluster Gale said "I agree with Dr. Gritz." Fink from Tigert says Raves out FROM THE TOP, LITTLE STEVIE WONDER, KING SAUD FERRIS, AND THE WOP IN AGONIZING FEAR By SWEAT SOCKS Gator football coach Grey Raves has not had his contract renewed for the coming year, some fink from Tigert told us yesterday. The reason given for Raves' dismissal was his failure to make any progress towards a Ph.D in his four years at the University. However, knowledgeable sources have indicated that the real reason is that Jay Waynerites can't stand the smell of Rave's cigars. Raves stated today that his academic plans hadn't had enough time to jell and that he was "makin" more money than anyone in the State of Florida, includin' Mistah Reitz." Dr. "Unquottable" Hall of the UF infirmary commented that Raves has not been in the UF infirmary in the recent past. President Reitz was in Ceylon and unavailable for comment, but Dean of Academic Affairs Robert Mautz said: "I have no comment to make. Dr. Hall speaks for the administration." P AV L-7 S 

PAGE 16

Sweet 16.and it never would've been missed Tigert forms Student Inquisitic By GALILEO The formation of a Student Inquisition as a sub-committee ofthe Disciplinary Committee uxs announced today by some ex-Nazi in Tigert Hall. Purpose of the Inquisition, according to the members of the Deanery, is to proINQUISITION vide suitable punishment for students who have committed such heinous acts as bending IBM cards, sleeping in class, and spitting on Tigert Hall. The Inquisition promises to stone one student a week onthe Plaza of the Americas in conjunction with the weekly twilight concerts performed by the UF Band. Band Director Clare Net hopes that these added festivities will insure a better turnout for the band concerts. Dean Fluster Gale, as the probable head of the Inquisition, said that if the stonings prove popular enough with students, the InSCENES quisition ma y even burn a few students during the half-time show of footballgames next fall. Dr. "Unquottable" Hall of the UF infirmary said that there have been no inquisitions in the UF infirmary in the recent past. 'Incompetence' charges levied in Arab, Jew border skirmish Charges of journalistic Incompetence were filed against the Inquirigator today on the grounds that they failed to provide suffcient coverage of the recent bombing of the Hillel Foundation by the Arab Club. Arab Club President Shkjlkh Mklbjg blamed the poor student turnout for. the event on lack of adequate publicity in the Inquirigator. "We have tried and are still trying to bring our culture habits, and our current problems to our American friends," MkIbjg continued; "but our distinguished newspaper called 'TheInquirigator' has been more interested in figuring the types of shoes that University students wear." Dr. "Unquotable" Hall ofthe UF infirmary said that there have been no bombings In the UF infirmary in the recent past. Calhoun staffer of week This week's staffer-of-the-week award is presented posthumously to Andrew Jackson "Spooky" Calhoun for his fearless coverage of the Selma riots for us. Spooky was killed in the line of duty when he fell in a picket line and impaled himself on his Freedom Party Button and consequently bled to death because his cries of agony could not be heard the noise of the crowd who were singing "We Shall Overcome, --4I Contain ,ed fromp.14) NUMMY--Well where is this amazing man? TZ--I duno, Num, Last time I saw him, he was swimming around underwater out near the girl's float with a diving mask on. Trouble is, hedldn'thave abreathing tube. NUMMY--He's probably breathless, anyway. Ern, I see I've time for one more Interview. Let me check over here with the new directorof Wauburg-in-the-buff, See WAUBERG, Page 18 Vivta&&IGaIlery .atuauet Ia' 7 days a week 706 W. Univ. TheAlligator for the announcement of our forthcoming move to a new location. Until then, come see us as always--fmnklin 4 wu.a 401 W. Univ. Ave. CITY AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION, INC. FREE ALL GUARANTEED Specializing in transmissions only Free pickup and delivery 10% DISCOUNT To all UF students showing ID's 1409 S. Main St. Ph. 372-5196 ...ON j I 

PAGE 17

freedom Party sits-in Rah roh ree, kick 'em in the knee. Pbge 17. on Student M.ouse offices FREEDOM PARTY SAT-IN, (BUT IT WARN'T NO BIG THING) SO THEY LEFT Freedom Purty a sit-in in the offices on the t Florida Onion. testing the recent in which Freedom an 0.03% of the vc Leader of the p A. Bath, said, vious case of di ever heard one.1 body hates us." yesterday staged Quick as a flash Mouse council session with Coach Melvin. all such student mouse representative Imm Tool was on After fifteen minutes of smiling sion cam third floor of the the scene with the best represenand shakng hands (Melvinsaidthat light and They were protation money can buy, and announthey still haven't figured out a way "My a mouse elections ced that she would protest the outto turn him off after the election) subordin m Party garnered rage to the highest tribunal in the Bullpepper said, "1 think it is ready to Dte. land. "I may even go to the Honor time that all of us who care that their res ack, Gerald Need Court if necessary," she announthese ideals and issues are brought In a p 'Thin is an obced .to the respective and responsible predeces scrimination If I Mouse LeaderSmiley Bullpepper parties wherein such discretion Bullpepp he whole student was reached for comment late yesmay lie so that proper perspective full res -terday after a long pre-game skull may be ascertained in relation to meant sta .while Inauirivator staff sits-l eon Freedo. Party. paraphanalla and discusn be brought to public comment. administrative, associate, ate and special aides stand protect the rights of all pective houses." ose reminiscent of his sor W. Kenny Kennedy, or announced that "the sources of Mouse governand ready to protect the rights and privileges of those who put me in office behind the great Norman Shield and the Great Blue Key. Chump of the Honor Court Sid Stubbedtoe announced thatthecourt would entertain any motion to wake up the Justices and take action. "I meanprogressive action,"Stubbedtoe pointed out. It appeared that all would be solved peaceably by OnionDirector Bill Lion when all 69 bothers of Florida Blue Key came running down the hall carrying a Big Blue Screw and singing "WeShallOvercome" and all raising their right hands. Stewed Persons, a Blue President would only say, "The keys to my office are full of action now." Campus Cutie Today's Campus Cutie is Bertha Bushin, a 6-1/2 UC from Yeehaw Junction. Bertha is currently president of the Alpha Sigma Bigma sorority and has also been active in International Student Week and SGER demonstrations. Her hobbles are reading Darwin and acting (up). She hopes someday to bft come an astronauU. .21 

PAGE 18

Are you still wearing those creasy kid slacks? Get into sone wised-up P6st-Grads that know where a crease snould always be and where it should never be, and how to keep things that way The reason is the Koratron* fabric of 65% Dacron/35% cotton. No matter how many timesyouwashandwearthese trimly tapered Post-Grad slacks, they'll stay completely neat and make the iron obsoete. In tan, clay, black, navy or loden, $6.98 in poplin or gabardine, $7.98 in oxford. At swinging stores. Press-Free' Post-Grad slacks by h NIMS. This Is the fabric conbo that makes music with sleek pod eelsand wash. able durability. And Post. Gradsvae the -ben fide suthenti'statti"m you up and taper yew down. Triedand-true taillered with belt loops, tradftlonal pockets, neat cuffs. -OuNly $6.9 The Colers YeuLike. The See Wkak Mere Geimewite -C0 lw Y -rCbe oOp .06~s Leg Counci decades something or other but not much By GOLDIE CUPP Last night the Legislative Council, meeting in regular session, decided something or other. After the roll call, a motion was made to call for the quorum. Immediately, a hard core block of Action Party members demanded that the motion be tabled'until the next meeting. In what developed into a bi-partisan crisis Progress party members brought a motion to adjourn on the floor. In the subsequently heated debated, an amendment to the Adjournment motion that would abolish Student Government carried by a narrow margin, but was immediately rescinded when a rider was subsequently added to the original motion; Then, Freedom Party demanded a quorum call, but the leader termed that this motion was in conflict with the original call for quorum. In the ensuing confusion, the Leg Council adjourned for three and one-half years. An Action Party spokesman claimed that the entire meeting was unconstitutional, however, and the council reconvened to consider the constitutionality of the adjournement. (Continued from some place) Minnie The Mermaid. Minnie, how do you feel about not only being allowed to visit the UF, but latching onto a new job with it as well? MINNIE--Well, Dimples, I figure there's more than one way to skin a cat. Only trouble is, everybody WALKS AWAY whenever I shed anymore. The novelty's gone. NUMMY--I see. And that's why you keep walking around with your clothes BACK ON. Say, that's the sexiest thing I ever saw! MINNIE--I THOUGHT IT-WASl I call it "THE NEW PEEL." NUMMY--Alllriigghhhtttl Say, let's you and I bug out of here before Lester comes along and has the whole thing banned. DEAN LESTER L.--(Shouting excitedly from a distance) A pox on Charles Dickens, the ol' hambug. Whoopeel Next Christmas we're doing scenes from "Gypsy."' MiNNIE--Who says you can't teach an ol' dog new tricks? NUMMY--All Hale, Flotida, Nale. DEAR UF STI SHAF S1 Numbers are relative, jack; just relax and read the page, okay? Goldwater named Birch John head .has recently been installed as the head of the Birch John Society in Flushing, New York. Goldwater said that he was "bowled over' by the whole experience. UDENTS: Minnie again Dick Thompson, VICE President of the Studeat Body, announcd today that anotradditon to his staff has been made. Minnie the Miriaidhas RS YO GOT been appdifted an bead of the pRbU G relatons staff fr the .Prs~ft ."Iftb @IAthat WOe can -u the harefacta to the stueftsft abost my qualTED AGAINIans" Thompson stated. Breathe on this spot for one minute. if it turns signed, Progress P ary green, rush your teeth. 

PAGE 19

gage 19, to hell with pae 19, everydamn papr hasone --TH MYOPIC SPORTS EYE Baxley dunks; Lujack sharks; Rollyson steals By NOTHING' MORE Sports Idiot Things that could only happen today: Dick Tomlinson shook hands with Tennessee guard Larry Mc Intosh. Tennis coach Bill Potter beat down the door to my office demanding more sports publicity. Ray Rollyson sole home before the pitcher got rid of the ball. Paul Morton stayed on his feet for an entire basketball game. Somebody besides Glenn Laney picked the football team to lose 'more games than they win. Skip Lujack learned how to play bridge. Baseball coach Dave Fuller was ejected from a game for protest ing a call of an umpire. Lou Bello failed to throw barbercue sandwiches to the crowd at halftime. Vic Stone decided to give up tennis because he felt he was too old for the game. Somebody wrote a letter to the editor proclaiming what a great job the sports staff was doing. A fast talking salesman sold Norm Sloan a technical foul preventative -a seat belt. Clyde Israel got a basketball scholarship to UCLA. Buddy Davis started giving A's to students who wrote sports COPY. JOLLY LOSES 40 Warren Jolly lost 40 pounds. Norm Carlson sent out some baseball statistics. Brownie Johnston took off his warmup jacket. Ray Graves got violently mad. The elevator to the stadium press box worked all day. Florida basketball fans went through an entire season without once throwing paper on the court during a game. Bear Bryant predicted that Alabama would win the SEC and the national championship in football next year. Somebody called Skip Higley a dirty old man. Money was appropriated by the legislature for a new indoor swimming pool for the UF. Harry Winkler didn't score a point in a track meet. The Gator basketball team gave its "good sport of the year" award to Tennessee center Howard Bayne. Allen Trammell's batting average dropped below .500. Tom Baxley dunked one during warmups. Gator baseball team made friends with Auburn. Tulane won an SEC football game over somebody besides Vanderbilt. Someone called Jeff Ramsey "shorty," Track coach Jimmy Carnes said a "cuss word." Dizzy Dean sang a song on TV on key. A Dade County team won the state high school basketball champ'onship. -u inkIass sts now school invelin record I everyone yesterday winning that event in the new school record of 969 feet. Outermurals director Lemon says UF.men love beer By GLEAM LAZY Ex Idiot-in-Chief Splurting Lemon, director of outermurals (as opposed to innermurals) announced yesterday he will award a keg of beer to this year's outermural softball champion. "Those boys really like to guzzle that beer," said Lemon, "so we are going to give them what they want. It doesn't matter if most of the boys are under 21, they love that beer so the outermural department is go let them have it." The softball playoffs start year when Agitator sports Glenn (let it all hang out) organized the first ever "a istration opposed all campus ball tournament." "Zaney was kind ofa though," said Lemon. "He jo award a trophy to the wi How silly can you get.J knows the only thing a good rounded Florida boy want nice cool keg of beer. Wh i:i: ORTS ........ ing to school has more drunks than any school in the South and I am edlast happy to say most of them take editor part in our outermural program," Zaney said Lemon. dmina softLemon has been semi-retired stupid, this year while shoving most of wanted the work off on his assistant Cow nners. Barnes. Barnes, who came to the Anyone UF last year has been working his d welltail off while Lemon sits in hiss is a air-conditioned office. y, this "Why, I even have to issue the statements to the press around here," said Barnes. "But I do agree with my boss on one thing," he continued. "I want to see those boys get that keg of beer for the championship. I used to go to Florida and more than anything I remember us guzzlin' that beer after a softball game. In fact I remember us guzzlin' that beer after almost anything and everything. In fact, lots of times we guzzled beer before and during everything and anything," Barnes continued. He then returned to his office and to his private keg. "It gives me inspiration' he was heard to say as he settled back in his chair to think about the problems of outermurals. "We hope to go on bigger and better things," he said "and I just don't mean two kegs in every office. Next year we hope to award the softball champion a keg of beer spiked with Jim Beam." Lemon called a halt to the interview, at that time by falling out of his seat. He did however say that Jim had been a real good friend of his for many years. Always one to track down a hot news story, tWs ro eed over to liWrvlew Jim, t r a bw talloMes. 10 THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER TME EARLY IN HE=NDG* ilAv .I 

PAGE 20

Page 20. Hal Bet you thought we'd never make JUST BECAUSE WE LOST'TIGEORGIA, THAT'S NO REASON TO TAKE IT OUT ON THE COACH. UATUS BASKETEEa TiML Em UMsuBnu AND RIP SNORTEN, TWO SMOOTHIES. White hurls Gators past tough By RED AYE Idiot The Florida Gators, behind the sterling pitching of ace left-hander Snow White, defeated the Florida State College for Women1-0 here yesterday. Throwing fast balls, slow balls, spit balls, goof balls, and now and then a left hook to the solar plexis, White completely overpowered the weak hitting scentnoles. The only run scored by the Gators was scored on a freak play. The umpire (kindly provided bythe Scent-noles) passed out when he unfortunately stood too near a FSCW player. The FSCW pitcher then threw the ball into the stands for the ninth time in the game. opponent The baserunner on first, Tallen Aramell, then scored the winning run After tne game Coach Fuller Crap praised his boys for their fine game and praised particularly the fine performance of pitcher Snow White. "Man, was Snow White ever somthin'. And when she threw that curve of hers back there in the third inning, why, I almost dropped my, uh. ..tobacco right there" Crap said the next game would be against the toughest team played yet by the Gators, the Ratcliff Pussy Galores. They're tough," said Crap. "They're the only team in the conference that don't have to wear jocks. Really shakes the boys up." UF athletes on dumb side says Raves By BLACK AYE Assistant Idiot Head football coach Ranten Raves figures the Gator team will be in their worst shape in history for this fall's campaign. "We've got the dur best bunch of players I've ever seen, not a single one of them is smart enough to stay in school without jock help," said Raves. Basketball coach Storm Drone added, "the basketball team has similar problems. They manage to pass their courses, but somehow they always shoot at the other team's basket. They've got to be the densest I've run up against." Drone figures things will get better as he will have Hairy Winkless out for the tea in the fall. Winklesa has proven himself a true athlete and just yesterday set a new javelin record for the UF. Fuller Crap, the baseball mentor, says he has few such problems as his players are undoubtedly smarter than those of any other coach. "4AU my boys are passing all their courses, commented Crap. "This I can vouch for as I am 4 their instructor in each and every one of them" Tennis coach Still Bottler had nothing to say about the entire matter. You won't hove to look very hard, because the Volkswagen Station Wagon carries the biggest chrome brand in the business. But then, our box carries the heaviest load in the business: over a ton of things. (In 170 cubic feet of space.) Almost twice as much stuff as the biggest regular wagon holds. If the stuff is bulky, 5 big doors take the pain out of loading and unloading it. And if the stuff is people, the box takes 9. What it does 't take much of is oil. (5 pints in all.) And a box that averages over 20 miles per gallon doesn't take much gas either. When it comes to windows, you con give 2 to each passenger land keep 5, plus the adjustable sunroof, for yourself). Our wagon is only 9 inches longer than our sedan, so you con park it in a space that's 4 feet too short for ordinary wagons. But maybe you've decided you don't really want on ordinary wagon. That kind of thinking con get you into a box. Miller-Brown Motors 422 N.W. 13th St. I Be sure to look for this familiar brand on the front of every box. I I Ai 
