
PAGE 1

The Florida Alligator Police Hunt Assailant tni!n L t th II! Im nLa l HI o I ~ w lkbI }tI hV thf Kur Is 1, *d{,b 5* lit u 'Iti k a ii I. I' w \II I> 'IS iirir iiu (ICItS Al egre Captured By Rebels 1W) [D. TANFlw) (UPI) -The War Ministry .irnournced yesterday that rebel troops have crushed resistance and seized control in Porto Alegre where President Joao Goulart has fled for a lastditch fight against his ouster. The official statement made no mention of the fate or whereabouts of Goulart or that of hIs antiAmerican brother-in-law, Federal Deputy Leone! Brizola, but political sources In Rio do .Ianeiro said they had fledd' Porto Alegr., ppirently for Montevideo, Uruguay. More than a millionpeople poured into Rio '1e Janeiro streets in an anti-communist victory ridebration. Ticker tape floated down (iorn skyscrapers. Throngs in Rio Branco Avenue b I r e placards reading "Reforms with God' and "'Thanks to (oP conrnmusnm has bee n ceased.' Blut t<I is (uanitarsa Hay, iii rM teroa, the working class di,,I, pt 10 niiutes uway, 5,000 angry pi o-Gulart liemoristrators clashwith polite. At least ID persons were wounded. The Wit Ministry statement said the Porto Alegre garrison had swung over to the rebel side and seized the city, "'extinguishing the last pocket of pro-Coulart resistajic. in the country aind appareintly closing out the three-day revolt w th i victory for the antiCommunist foes of Goulart. Hamiuri Maz/ 1111, speaker of the chamber of lDeputies was installed by congress at Brasilia yesterdlay mo rning as provisional Radio Farrouplha in Porto Alegre was heard in Rio de Janeiro reporting that Goy. ildo Meneghetti, who opposed Goulart's decision to resist to the end in his state capital, had re-entered PortoAlegre at the head of 3rd Armny units (See REVOLT, Page 7) behind the Lr ui t buittshe nt we'4 sid btw~ 'ee I The gitIs relpolt.'. that tht* Outh "'grI)Ie{I" tiiuri as thevs walked by, thqi tiN id liphi lose illiost irmrtidIltely arnd >e,.&i ho k into choiking >11 ,eVer ii susp>'Its thit the girls have colliwup with. Police IInning tar seen pai kuli near the. sctere if tlie iridenits. Watson said this w is the first reported of this sort reideiit since last trimester when a girl was assaulted near Grove Hall. 'This sort or luing pucks up when the weather gets warmer," hie said. Waits(,n said that police are also checking cr1 a report of a nude youth seen in the area of the Century Tower at about 6:30 Thursday morning. lie said that the description of this boy fits the description of the Wednesday night assailant. "Ithink ciur c bane.s of i ncdinbg the boy are much better than usual in this case, since so many girls were able to desci be him," sid Watson. Watson advises coedb riot to walk adone on ( ampus at night. "I would suggest thit girls trivel it least In paI rs if riot ini groups of three or four,* even if this means that they have to wil for someone to go with them.' .G? Here 74 ~ --.3: N~i 4IUII a & .*. -c v.' At. -. iLes Thle latest victims of the tri mester system nlow rests in peac.' next to the Century Tower. A fresh plot of ground tojped off with string, ad pInk 'zale a. p a'ciidI n, iot of the headstone mark the huiIa! spot or the Ill stuielit who lied dunrung thu "i "t loeadstoi eads: i .p pilyhlx,,rd Joe .to, (ollege 1942 -191>4 lied of t rimnteritis when his head exploded April I, l1 Slijrlida I oc ue ni S hive been paying their ILst risperts it the gr iv. t throughout the <jay. ptuulr i the itpuivi shv ''ITr~istr bysteii" list spring when jd.aer ci ,, alemd. pIIati in. lie wa., also the authiot if iuIIiur.)is letters ci the Alligator ldo ing the year. )uIO to i iduahe iApril, ( olhig. Ii heel I ist night tuiti iimesI, pressmhi lid wits p coiiptly buriedi by thiihits t rat icr. Ils mn ii., Alm i wtt ti.h.ui, who ,lSatJIheuenttly 'li,. Jyr el his viae I,,,,m u.k. was nil ,ivailabl~e fr cmmn ROA BANQUET By DONITA MATHISON scheduled I sp Staff Writer ror the A l.rhu The two UIF students groups The Student I will a u nc h picketlrg activities foi m with the S4 here this weekend for the benefit the sidewalk Inr of U1. Senator Spessard Holland's Hall and proce participation in the Southern I iiidown 13th street buster over civil rights in the Un., Senate and U.S. military policies SGE H ar cult In general. C reel said he h The Student Group for Equjal provides .rn op Rights (SGE H) wil Joiin with the "forcefully andw Student Peace Union (SPfl tonight that SCE R and in a silent protest march outside groups are disj University Inn where Holland *a lard's stand ont .While Ignatius Under Secretary of the Army Paul H. Igriatlus will head a list of over 200 Army officers at the UF this weekend for the annual Florida ReServe Officr. Accnr *tn,,,,n,, eak at 7:3U p.m. a County Mental on,. Peace Urion will CiER at 6 p.m. or' Front of Tigert Cd in single file to the U niversity y advisor Austin cileved the march portunity to say ulth great dignity"' other civil rights ,leased wth Hal.the bill and particularly the fllihustei. "We wish by our silent ma to shout from the ucoftops that time has comic to fulfill the Ide of our religious a,neyu Ne tage," Creel said. "'We feel Senator hloliandi sh be reminded that many Fioridi oppose the filibuster and his va ticipation In it, tnd this si march wit! stand In eloquent C trast to what is going on In United States Senate," Rivenb said. ".We feel as president Jo son ha. noted. that we have tatl Speak Ignuatiat is scheduled to arrive by military aircraft at 2 p.m. today. Ignatius was named Under Serretary of the Army Fn ebruary riliowing service a.s assistant Secretary March about equal for a ceniur 1st haitI's not (lily thte the idi al added. iighits ,Im all rutI,.ens yii. thohst ruitioniin th Senate frustrate 1C141Isti V1 ptOCJ.s but 5 of iemocrau y, 'h. An SPU group will picket at thu Ignatius' arrival at thetanesvilll, airport with signs in protest of U.S. military policy. Ignatiun heads a list of ove' 2Z0 army officers who will be line for the Annoa] florida Heserve Officers Association (HOA) meeting this w.knd. Ignatlus Is scheduled to arrlv. by military aircraft at 2 p.m. today. Highlights of his stay will b. to rliium. The SPU will pass out ietfet. at the lecture .nd will hold an all(See MA RCH .Paae 7l Iripis pt 'Ii K ive s', r 2111 ofil lici I or eto ll DURING Holland ilo einsted woh'esd a = 

PAGE 2

FIRST UF PERFORMANCE Beethoven's I i'' y I' h i hot al 'n nh phioiy (r liedt F S WILLIAM <>1 Ninth Set For Sunday e' I I I i I 1 hi 1 | | it! p~l Nily yrmI C GREENE Bryant T o TAl LAhASSEE (Up!) -Gjoy. Fartis Bryant said yesterday he does not feel he has a duty to Tar i',~ ;r 'ft nijil -sprhrI; ( lh vt~ the u JOANNA SIMON Against Public )rLndictedl Ii F iwV, I Irui Di. El[woxd Keistei. K I ',K,id Ik. LYNN -1~ OWEN MALCOLM SMITH News Media Of urge to let you know about it and felt no duty to do so.'' As a mattr of fact, he 'aid. All Coverage Official working ror them 24 hours a day,"' Bryant said. The governor's off ice announced k0ep th10 pubnic Inlormedc thirougn ,tome of the business he conducted on tuesday Bryant would fly to the news media of his every ofwas personal for a friend whom Washington Wednesday for 0nfieil move. he declined to identify and for ferences with the state's (ongres.Bryant told his news conference this reason he said he went by sional delegation. Muust of the that reporters were notglven the commercial plane and paid the congressmen were out of the c ity reason ror his visit to Washingrare from his own pocket. and as It turned out Bryant did ton Wednesday "because I felt no "The public knows that I avn nt evprn see the only one who was Moves available, Sen. George Srnathers. And his press aide told newsmen inquiring as to his agenda that he did not know and would not know where to reach him in case of an emergency. The governor said this was true. Buit he s~,id his personal secretary, Mrs. I ucile lRogers, did know where he wam and how to reach him if absolutely necessary. Due Mc Pee I nfday [eel will zo Il s Ale, stiul editor Strn Iluguemci "Thie whole St iff Ceeis Wv pretty big ttsk in th it to elhalige tht1 mage o znc. We've iionF the e ,t p ble job itid hive gotten ier each Issue, this being the; I think we've proven that i fesslonal-looking general n zine can be Surce,\fiut fn i campus,' tie said. pI 0'| 'Ia Huguemin was quirk to pomtt this Peel would also be thLC nL('' colorful, He cited that It fet'i 21 pretty co-eds including i"n complaints from the audwum a partially censored comic strip, The passionate World of F onriat Fanorkin by Henry Alexander tie dependable Pot-Shots, lots of itatoos, and few other surpi ises. Looking over nments, Huguenin surprised to see out of business. recent developsaid he wtz~n't the Old Pee! go Iluguenin had niocomments abolt the future. "This Is mry last Issue," he said. NEW! mm the new wi HELENE CURTIS en 3)y to lovely, Touch lustrous hair I ~tg '--A e Inf norm .) s'i uri I ut a will botheAn^ 

PAGE 3

Think ng,NotFacts ~4r r .2 ) 4 / N vt~ t I Education's ''lTI k i A IC 'I I 5 EducaionCIsn't The Half Of I \L n <It~ I til.L iHei'en it .l LU I iii itt \\l. Ihi' stii{I -'4 & C I -fli tat 1' the newer neater Take a good Man at th Slack with it its good I styling Dicl'es comfo fabrics. Trimmer for and -ts per typica Especially look Mr teen e new Trimmner neat, trim fit looking cuff less the choice rtable-wearable You'll like the its top styling rect tit features I of all Dickies' you'll like the in I I'll' ,pI I hi ''' hII 1'i I'l' T i' ITlh -t iii I' TI iiII t e1 It'C uiT L w:lsi it >t 111 dy uN'i.tmll i&'mltlh riile of swilouiPo IIT hvI As n ltilhl. hi \Tiriy i tII'R4S. rh .ilt vht m, itrili to waii i-pt, hiivi flikuhi Stht urtiuth, or y irimnitliwf keg. com'rlouuy itself to it orue weedy with mrodes of llviig n leairuhing ihtithlis ii I(I Iher~ilhty of mird ,,rii lpirit."' The1110mmiieji4Idthat ioiler's must lie "ibued with tog sense of Inst liui tonal conmit ment" It must iuude rgo one if fitrd amealoverhauls tat has kept" i dlive for r.'nturjes.thvre must be re -formulit ion of purpose. Yesterday's ad mistakenly Midnight Sole hours. Th during regular store howr and 'tl530 pm Soturdo iti'!ii'll iii *1 ituo. I 0 eidii itio iiiIs Iiio liuk 11te h tuIn pht hIT'\l li I t' I t ii ii th ut Il tt Mt~it fihi Ist i slh ti k I,' live. Ii Ih' ,t 1hit hI 'it I u tti*' li th I tu I .u I 'ilpli iiu sh IT 'di i f t in list issing thut hcIOi't~S hA TXrtam ii .u evalent I t 0 h l k tulitehlte aI,.v. t ltI wiuht Ihl iTS vp. iui 'ILII wi ld h i wih. y> listed Roi e sale is go rs only; 'til y 227 West ujnfree Ltd. University alt ~-< L Goa --Election Sell.uvtn I 1Q1ming Was Ie.,Iertehi jlr'%hIlnt of 1>Kappai Pi stitll rriterriy Wednesday. Also et'Id{ WerQ Mariuri 'I 'mI set retary .rxd lim, lows. I, I reasurer. Other officers ejerted nire lii 1'art rldgs, war dlen; J oht liaiwook, his br Ian and Smnok.'y Smuith, cha.ing on 9 tonight i ..3. h a I r toe .' .jl., 1[ lill i 'r' \t i | I it' sl I le r' is tiell't Isle its i | R r le ti t, It ', its il 1 r 1', er a i 11 ., 40 il Das esE itill !" silta it meet m in lilli pligilles tlus pinbletus abierD\e alid ne true tile cou- 

PAGE 4

editorials A ading8 Across The Campu> 1 1111 l I,!. ij F p J~ ~ s b II S i .' K''i' lI'. l yill {| f l ll .I 1 t is | lie 'resnlent of the jilted state, has just ilppcentedi 'cin FRisk 4.5 Sec'retary of State. Ariitteily tie jpsitioni o ni of supreme iiipoirtarire, pid the ability within whci N it, funitiuiis ir, fulfillIt julsi he a signmficmnt detgermlinatlon of the position of tie freworld. Mr. Piusk, however is It fi eti uan rnrmtwr luring h is short c arter his temerity hias won So when his appxultmient I omus up for rihtifo voitert down by a substantial miiority. here in .hFamphs thit I fel inipiiel it a e tp w ie ihi As [ C.r Iic r 0' thl polI th al s, .p himt few politktal friends. atimii by the Senate, tie is Not lhing one to take sue i a diefect casualls, 'ris. Fohnsori, thinnugh On. of his assistants, issws this bulletin "Mr. Husk will r rintinup to holdi his position of Secretars of State a~s in '.ting secretity'. l'arti plities is one thing, but the ( ',iitry deserves :a mial who will flo a goo~t Joh. If he (Ontinules to tio such I gorid jetb .inkl h is .g.nni retuserd ,approval, we will ,ttll kee;, himu ott. By now it is painfully obvious that our 5s all awkwarud attempt lo draw parallel to Government (SG) today finds itself. lohn to the position of Secretary (If Academ, by Iih. [ egisl.,ttv. (otiticil, and <oiitlnw's m'n p .is that m~enttoned aboy.-. .xcrsona into t rir iloas t positi{'t in wh,, i h tudtrli Hint uck 4 1t'C wais pnintedl h Affairs, Feftused lpprov'l] it' office Icy tist sush .i rIf this travesty on responsible governmnejil Is allowed lo croinin'e, we have no .tltertnative to the juudgment that Studeiit (joverinmenit either is grossly masshafw'n ini its urganiizationial str-uittire, err its membhii art nicking no pretense of making Student Governmient eof, by nor cep ally F (I{ lie students. It Is afundeameitl chart, teristia of legislative gveriina.,t, that if the prop.'r uiajurity ol that voting Itedy (all h' noivinised tu be pteijudired, then thenr will, mnsofir ,p. their .'ojstttjtIOnial power reaches, .shill prevail. Hemiedy maust wait iiitil they, themselves, must race the voters. If tie goveriimeintal jirsn ,ss is deiignier, lieu nw matter how 'just' stiuntunr should be changed, or pros tss should be removed (tomn its not allowed to Piunc t inr as it w as the reasson, either tih. governmental the rickety facade of de mmcai title. Without belaboring the point further, questioning a neck's ability, or probing the motives ofthe legislative council, The Alligator concludes that the present stateof anairs should notbe allowed to continue. Either Hancock should be duly approved for the post, removed from office, or the whole system of legislatIve approval should be scrapped. while the ('omparison Of Student Government with that of the United States may seem like trying to impose the same navigational responsibilities on the S. S. United States and a toy sailboat, we believe the point to be valid. To subject oneself to the coinstitutlonal process whenever it coincides with one's immiediats aims and ignore it when it doesn't, iS nothing more than thinly disguised dictatorship.large or small,. W. U. N,. was t raversiigth Iiaps twi iv, prot. til,' yeH cm I~. IL4 oul i ]lt the spilinklets ire uhf. Iitimo'er. -,~rg [t iS I U' (iii O emlijwels s4 arI it thoul o~. A Strengthening Relationship his letter is written a :rpily to Mr. Sniathers ~i pmenis jot Ihe' IVOIUtIiiO!SeXttll AestheHn9m awd his belief that Mr. laigen will he waiting for Flew ides.* lonw time. urthet mirt. \1r. snmathers mientioneil tlhat he could riot 1rcoduc e any new idets. I rio andi did not claim that I was i ajeable or doing the iposs IhI.e, SiPE it is quilt obvious that al IdeLiS have been thought of tung itfire my arrival on goodl Mother Earth, and only fa Itiihave bee,, added to human knowledge tot the laMs few thousand years. However, I do claim that each MATURE individual can make a decision on the sexual problem for i self without being tod wa Ices iuot necessarily mean he be11ev.s ii free love.'' (By the The Aig ator welcomes letters to The Editor from our readers. The letters must be signed. --all signers will incdude a telephone number where they can be reached to ye rify the fact they actually wrote the lete i to which their name is s igtied. --names no longer w*11 be withheld unless the wr tercan show good reason for such action. Who Reads em EDITOR. A cheer for W. C. N., and lavish praise for his editorials -they are superb. Liltnn Starry, JAS ,,c c, be'e is ( reptedi in man u'tries w'hn Ii &Io have 'feip i ciig itu belie! K). It it rny Opliiion thit whenever two prrsois are si-lmerel iin loe ~wth one essut j prrt'rllhsit for excpre sing this low flhlolipl 5$ xi iaterflirt. sowriiethri*,m til li iA a iFI Pet UY'l bC hitlet hicatise of luleient Lbt' roiid, nu other ldtfic uliti ii ma h e ,tsrmiounitabde I. However, I woilti :tivo(te imterilir e )nly if thle relitioship betwecii the twopLeople Is 4treiwtIi ce!a through this expression of love i atiher than lestr13 I. Matin. persulis (all irtatly foretell wlii I path their relationship p will take then, before they take this fatal' step. George A. lillirgen IFS2L'( does iot micai I &ii 19 or 29 either' A lt)\ Or A review 0 Coming Events 1111 ( The lorth owning Fiateting' of lo rIia Reserve officerss A ssociation joittly sponso, ed by the F V arid the BOA is jot to bce e-Vted is just nOk hr of the plethora of SC lii ars that a I niversity propogates. This 'star studded"' gathering prompts a few essential thoughts. This meeting is an alarming pomlt in that the university (in its academic sense) is not the plc for I nd ut ti al miliary strategists to gather. The presence of the generals in not conducive to the purely scholastic goals of a unIversity. Highly significant is the back ground of the guest speaker, Paul p. Ignatius. His position before his aff!ii t ion with the Armiy was within thte s ame "Bism ess EstahLishment" that P resident I sell bower sought to divorce from the military in his F arewell Addiress for fear of shortsighted control of our international pKIIcy by liis industrial -military p cc ii ar group. The placement (If Igliatli as Assistant Army Secretary fmc Installations and Logistics woli' strongly re-enforce the contenti1 that the interaction betweein ii,dustry and the military results ini an effort to maintain a cold wit paranoia. 'This paranoia encolli ages wasteful defnese spending alid military influence in political affairs Read ARMS EY MEN in 'Harper's.'' ANI) THE BIG MONthe March is$UO of Mel Black, 21 Member S.P.I. Yeah, but what have you done for mne lately ?" >4 / a-The Florida Alligator Served by united Press International Editor .W.wakr Lundy managingg E ditor ...,.,. BIM FUjIr Assistant \ anaglng Editor .,,.,.Johri Askins I ltorijl Edior .Wan Norfinet -ports E ditor.,.Glenfl LAnCY atuire Editor .Cynthia Tuznstal C mpus Living Editor .*.*.**.,,.udy Lynn Prince S knt r.a As si tants ,.,, [.rr, Lit, Gail Sobering, Bhtty wendt, Eetsy Oar rison, St Me \. aughn, Sue Dabble, Charner Powell, Rual chandler, Pete Hathaway, wri Dave Berkowitz. Peporters .Jim Castello. Phil Hevener, JoelGaston, Donita Mathisonl, Carol Nobis An Carter, Ice Kollin, Agnes Fowles, FflflSider, Juds Teich, Fi an Eagle. George Mims, phil GCyer, Don F.Mdrna, i jl i I ? l IT a'lilli tor livi't kipus; Will sprit That rmiids rie of that flum that powr lelpiess th' T~rham who I bought the run ii Illinie were brutes iiot to (lei Seat on the campus Itus. 5 isa riot. I she is III good cio shape to avoid the spriciklersi is impossible to avoid the spt ,, lers without doing that news dialed ''the sprinkler-in izetwi which will keep anyotir in 04'n'ii tion) then sIhe canl st iid torto Tinl~utes ow the bus. uc maybe she just resigns tel seeP ii a soaking evetyti me she gots But I digress thI i, os sprinkler cycle trust be sh i -ed. Might I offer ~everaiI ,' I tioriK F irst of all, <ouild $heIP riculto, ii department d(ltopr strain ot grass that does ,,ut -, quite that wi' make the n .1 rIt paddy0 (Pelt, pai''l In a slightly more Vi(}lhtt wel U i students could take ,ut Vs l hiandgrctnades to throw i hnpal of the tractors. One could carry rocks ol ILIII gienaties to throw at flii p ii,' the students to sto thi un-c, t'aai and liberal menace. Sit~' I (jeorgi Litlo a 1 

PAGE 5

'WANTED--I Date Need Desperately' [I w 'Itm "bas 'i\ III1 \p1i I ,o to i g t.' i t wi> the (,piOnm A a pi I! hat fluste ed IF coed St t who athe object of a (olussil April I Io joke that proved two things-rhit the world Is full of (uriois people and that Alligator (lassi ut get results. Miss Shirley Beasley, 3M), a mazrl. Kappa pledge from lake lttler, had her first name and telephone number placed In a "I neda date diesparately Saturday I,,.h~t" want ad In The Alligator's Takes I vents >1tudnt P .ntover .steritay in the Barbara Kellerublicatuons Board (Sl'R) sy took 0Th 3 new twl't when it was revealed ove, imerit (SGQ Pres IAakla 5 Debt Ie Po r Re Pans n Crease Covery AN(!-IRAGE, Alaska (tJPI) while President Johnson worked frsterday on plans to help Alaska, residents of the earthquake-shattered 49th state proceeded with plans to help themselves. GJoy. William A. Egan proposed that the state double its entire public debt -to $400 for every mnan woman ade chl Inthe sttIn Washington, President Johnson was moving on two fronts to provide federal aid. He named a special commission Wednesday night to draft longrange aid for Alaska, ai.d announced at the same time that he would ask Congress for $50 million for immediately relief. Johnson's request for the $50 million was expected to be presented to Congress today or Friday. Most of the money would go for restoration of public facilities to Alaska. At Anchorage, Goy. Egan told a news conference Wednesday night that he would ask state legislators ill Juneau Friday to authorize a $50 million bond issue which would lake 30 years to repay. This would be the state's share of $500 million which Egain hopes eventually will be channeled into Alaska with the help of the federal government. The id sax!: "A~ AI I D -Ih coti needs a late dlespir'itell tihs Saturday night. l'mi ver ue a in excelieiitpIrs}ialltv inl )\ I I)Jys. I'll be KIet to ,ick ,nu ip Ln my l1%4 stinrhera ii will be more tham happy topay Uki v(PII supper. Plea~st help me out, l'hr desperate, till sils" The ad also included her tlephone number. Batte Twist cit.nt 'cii K e cdx Ihas ,enI a letter to 1[ P'resident I. Wayne Retiz nonuliatlng Keller tipt tthe vII IhnCy now existing on the PB. Kennerdy listed ''varIous incols'stenCIC 1M" between t he Si. Coistitutlon and the S P1 (harteCr AS the lhas1' foI t "or' refusal to seat Miss Keller when she won the office iinIo 1eri ary% SC 1mpu, e let Ions. ol Board miemhbels In Camlpus elections) mint 1w conistrtleil as Reniredy stated in the letter. When contacted, Reltz said he had not received Kennedy's letter and would make no decision until he hears from 'both sides.'' ''I expected to hear from then, long before now,' jRtit/ said. am delighted for President Reitz to make the decision, andi whatever his choice Is, we shall govern ourselves accordingly.' Thle person :nsst concerned in the controversy, Barbara Keller, said she felt Kennedy's action was ''personally, quite fair.'' Cuban Revolt May Be Near WASHINGTON (UP!) -Sen.Trhomas J. Dodd, D-Conn, yesterday predicted a revolution in Cuba in the not too distant future. He said those who hold that 'Castro is here to stay" would Impede such a revolt. While he mentioned nio names, Dodd apparently aimed his Senate speech at Chairman J. William Fulbright, D-Ark., who said last week that the FidelCastrogovernment would not disappear overnight unrles s the United States wanted to invade Cuba. HI DPI siltI ill IFIRhIIK lit I IL I>' 4 i~' >111 I lit I I~+* II imvt. tip uli 'nt elm knwthny wete t' I iut)ls,' hie -aid. 'Atwut .a thi ol thte Itls were sel its though. Thity thought I had reahli put Ii. hi ii-" She w us quil k to lp)ihi out slht She said th, 'nmtto that pr meateul her upartmieiit 14 thi c ills tontuixued to oil ii UnttI It I 3.m1. Wednesday uight w is tin' it "[really ditilit expect in ne to tall is,"' she stid. '"hut evet vIlohby that 11(d Wab 50 iii' .It w IS really wtoiderhul v~ett lng to me so mlaty people. We partlect on lt least a thice-nilulte (jhivtrsat14'l with almost everyone.'' Sroohimates. if I wvas real, she s,id. 'Anti sonmc thought they w,'r, gomhis to lear a prav.' or Momie riligihi> 'All iliji Of them, (iii wa.s just liugh, and laugh whit, I hnSwe' ii the phone.'' The (ails started at M:30 a.m,. Wednesday mornIng and woke tile of Miss Beasley's two r(.(rmmrates after the p aper ba rely ad be ''on the streets'' fur all hioir. never-ending sream until the girl decided it W.S bedtime and put the phone in the icebox. "it kept ringing for a while then but it wasn't loud enough to keep us awake." She said she was only mad about the prank 'when I first saw it, and said one of the callers even offered to help her et reve"nge on the prankster. But after "The flay' was finally over, a tired, but smug Miss Bessley 'wouldn't say" if any of her 75-would-be suiters had bnensuccessful "It's been a d ay I'll never forget." Support a who STRO candidate NGLY r l'm of Fondal typica Fano rkn, I UF coed looking For a typical good time -and I found it in the poges oF the NOP. Look for me and my steady Letch Feely,, in the greatest Peel ever. See if I don't stack up pretty well, huh9 TH E PASS IONA TE WORLD OF FONDAL' FANOR I ---BUY ONE MDNDAY-* KENT FISCH ER -after 5 years of Bodies, bids adieu to Peel readers fr DON ADDIS -Playboy's new discovery I sex ,i other good things. STAN HUGUENIN -after 4 issues of N( our editor tokes s~ sheepskins and retires to answer letters to the Ailiga ----ON SA LE A LL OVE R---GRADUATION GIR LS 2] UF B ecuties FUN N' L AUGHS New Cartoons -Jokes -Satire THE SOUTH'S FOREMOST COLLEGE NE W Fischer ooks at OP's, in hand tor. p I A t1L 19 *~ New Job Offers -Alumni Kit -Gifts for Grads -Peelmiate Betty (Wow!I) Wendt CMON~ IIAMf! riE 4Areuousa Isn'T ThAT CASUAL Vt z2zz supports: A University System with a MINIMUM of political interferenc and a MAXIMUM o academic freedom. Its LIIflLI MAGAZINE Hwa o e 

PAGE 6

I I I LI! -a S E xdenlson 4, Flo. 2832, Union For Sale 1i) W utobtle horrie .mil riwly const, uI tedI IL' 21' I ihpiln:. L v, nipijies from Campili. I owr i Sounitry T, .iler I *dge w ~7-28f, W.A. Kelly. (A-I 24-.51-<1. ST A R open 6 *E X C T S TON IG H T :30; show of 7:15* L U S IVE F IR S t p. '~h -it -, II ii A IWn ie~id rii ITnI'lt t~e o'fiuI,IIIv. (, iiisvilhs I .St&*St LgrovSHA, lunan il4'. high I dwu ,, l N ..,. l4Ih A ve. .iiui I ha >1. 3 E XC IT IN G HIlT S'I see oil 3 tate as 9:08 A RE A S H OW IN G *TAR -IMN'AO tYLY OC cOW 2nd First Run Hit at 9:08 DAYTONA WAS NEVER LIKE TH IS. .0 R WAS IT? Jo ~ttr~~WI Wi BoBBy inTaN sywarjim raT. illM-WI uuuu MCMRu -IICAM .LISTP~IC NMI Ni TWTA E SUMMER 11|Elillli!-THE MUTUS HMARRY PAL.DINO-MAURY DETR 3r ction Thriller at 10:38 Ililtipdplu ((h itiolt L titer 4:10 A-12 -t I-i )f II k ILVIe ietl it I. All iii 01~i IIIoo INliy perit. 8-11. 1*3*5*7*9 pm ) BEST PICTURE A j 7 hit .1.111 II4F1 rIs t0e .e rInpmI nt. -3 -"t) -p icii -sl i _I \( S iiiti, ir, S ~L) 01 $IL WINER OF 7ACt DEWY AMtOSI I! \Io r~ dli -is Iiti n II -4,1 Air cormiiicuo i nm good 'oniiltut. At ,a very r+Isoniablt price. I 01 iifoirm.iIIii (IFILt Bill wilio ( Fti 2-93( I. A-l'U-It -p}. THE SAFE WAY to stay alert without harmful stimulants No! oz keeps you mentally alert with the same sale relreslher found in (offle and tea. Yet Noloz is faster., handier, more reliable. Absolutely not habit-formmng. .there ve "HOLD ING OVERV A Next time monotony makes you fteI drowsy while drivm ug. working or studying, do is millions do ..prk up with safe, effective NoDoz tablets ,IoI it) Irn )~fnr-!. -NrW YORKER -I [ o0od cOhiiLtfin. It cellenit tuidtion. $1 4i. riJ i gItl .A uileste r --miodet ni trailer I be Iroom, full bath ,md kitchen. All .ilIIItfm Outside and oak inside. li" """'""tintl go"d co*"""i""Sl0t. See it lot ro ini Iiiiohurst l'r ,lt Park or call 2-6239niightly. 4 ~-l-(oldl reelning *11.1rC wii mit \ -Il-It-) io vinrg efrige iloric UthIer 'lit ion. iiiist rator. iiltri iimntui 6 -(14 I a hor.' en able I lt desk. .54%61. sr rifice, ho iio Month ol<t. Ne m gtt js stove ils rie mVery good to .( A-i3l-t -< ist w 5' iiK For Rent [iarge, comfortable front cornerrcom. IkCated downtown. Ar(B-104 -If-c). E'l PNISIIF1 AI'AUTMEN'l FUR HF NT: Two bedroom furnished student apart ments.* Right near Ca mptls. Will atromotiate up to four students comfortably. Special summer rates. Call Mrs. Jones, FR 6-5616. So near campus you need no car. (B-120-tf-c), Air conditioned efficiency apartments. Suitable for 2-3 people, $70 per month. 1829 N. W. 2nd Ave. Suitable for 3-4 people, $100 per month. ISIS N. W. 4th Ave. Tenants pay electric only. Also available for fall trimester. Call evenings 6-4353. (B-114-tf-c). Attractive large room in quiet modern home. Ideal for student who needs a desirable place to study. FR 2-7883. (B-Ill-tI-c). One nice front bedroom, neat Howard Johnson Restaurant. 2-4867. (B-l29 -3t -). 2 bedroom well-furnished first floor duplex, quiet neighborhood near campus. Air-conditioner. Will accept 3 mature, quiet men students or faculty. 6-6494. (B129-3t-c). 0R RENT -3 bedroom 2 full bath houses, kitchen equipped and partIally furnished. Any no. of occupants $100 per mo. 1620 N.W. 55th Ter. Call 2-8668 after S. (B -129-St.c). 1/2 block fi cm Law building; 2 bedroom apartment, completely furnished, kitchen equipped, all electr'c. April and^-Augst rent free. Available after April 20. FR 6-7065. (B-129-3t-c). conditioned main library, all facilities for good living -private Univ. or Room "'Yes,Virginia, iso Dr. Strangelo and we are Thi s'Great For ~deih9! 2md BIG WEEK TH RU TUES, A PRIL [Jr. Strangelove or Kiwi Learnd Ti Step Werryhi And [tniThe hena .It Made Me Laff' signed Modine Grunch ~THE AR.YEI lAWRENCE OF ARABIA "The liest Arrierierur 

PAGE 7

CLASSIFIEDSL |\I, isti LiE ] ]ii l ', I t II I141i11 rip' l 11 h i r. Iii I lV I l It'r. lj li[1:'t. \ | i ii e lw i h iliehl i r, 1,-( 1 nuez -Ap. N .1. alililt A ,t' LII III ll i [lii .I F -It TII(Iihth. FOP 11 luuiilx, tir llii ks Ironi iIm'4lslty, lholl liii Plc. FH I2-2 1 i, cii I NIot I .Iulolls ip 1i t mug' uII I Iide~r. SwIrltlliLi [1001, I il Itie ILL]m Ilueslday. ( ill limii in HOMIN(F, )LUSL locaitedI 2 locks I rip 'alnpils, ,ingli or double rIXITTS. Also kitrihel and lIviing 1144m. ( it! 2-2726 or see at 304 N .W. Iti St. (I-I .S-4t.->. I,, sipl-leis, fiji sUmmlTE tiilustel siiarp, wojid-ji ii ei' I ci Iio t Foi 2 II I. ( dI 2-97 -'. .I blocks Ii 0m1 lhmplS 5l0 -$110 tot 4. (. ll 372-I) 1 9)0 oN[ I. (IL-l.3-3t-c). 0 bri 'O' | '. Ii' \ 'I Lost & Found I Help Wanted II| Il II| \I tI 1 ls ill 1I. .I 'll: 'I i|| 'IIna i ti |-yl I t al I, I I ii Lo i, liltl p'il. IL ,I I i 1 i II. Wanted \WANTF I) A l'lH it oii ittOmiI1)114 -Ii uyI. standill trnismiiswvOiilt k. three Ir) Immll tes (II $l4li pr mupth. ( Il (sil Sobel ini -G2-%'l2. I ( -131-.St-id \r AN I I. IRoormrut. to sl:iie ill-. icplditxrwcI upartirmirt. Twvchlinks 0111 campus. $70 r uiuthl -$-, per Iurcou. lijy eletil itv uzly. Shlull luive u Ar. I!d -4b. ( 2l-IfI. II 'iI1, I I i I I I I luL. I. Ill! IiI~.i II' f'Vii'i si i. ui ll 171.-ail a, '' ''" '"It" d iiad I isiathissili LI flindeIr I juio. (txjid qopiultlip. $12 1 ,1. Gui Mufeie I I 2-PjO?. G.' -Ii rsi $l9, uik,, it. Mlay bi .'e In 31A.nu. ( t 0 amiServices SI Id F. I ret eti Books cii 1st Ave. ,t s pairko I htoti I \ us Next to F I -7 h. |I| I I N. W. NIBrazilin [ [I], 'I'1 I I I I \ N I I i ii slt i I I! Illiil [ t [\ u l l i ium IhlI uiit iIlluh No New Leads Ihmhpis pil rut Albeit, I,, ice eptip I lugv po ew I luuui'"s Ill'r i' st [)irk (.tint sI lipithxurI vII l)preidtIt, sppi fhipi .Ipii~rt Itm w ill IMtL pr Idn P Id 'K t I sp ill 1 ht gIng wV. wvII utbt ii' i putw ,liigaoII L IIt s ul i l. ueu i in [i i'u'l~i 11111 r i h pii'ip I I 4 III ii ilse Is K'''' Iii II ipp iiste Ai prid,tu*i uIls tuil pup' Fl' Stilt'epirt hlp'. lTp, uleplu mni his takent Itlil spu',ssuIt lit hi pi 'slclniy (Continued from Page I) IM(en juti 41ie (1A wlvII holul sup Vu esuSlr Vy mIrligI. Ihp. lhiI, I, I'ut mji ipis(,redi by thp, Ut A iindi ih Vt1 vsity. Ji,,ne 7A5, ulutir in if di'et ulonpI(IJII s flmiittee it tip, Sill spli tip, niu ixrscts IaupLIOXII mily iii'g Iih' jill NIi' Is lii iI. l i esPly ;sIo jll (brilt eslpel lly iii IC Num ltd i ubkp' lip 5hd1m1. GATOR CLASSIFIEDS Services )OWK MoWf: IS A NI) I: l)iI. 11 repairedi. All work 4hiarantled. lck upl and delivery. Minmum p charges $2.00. ( lharlIp's IIx-it Shop. 161 H N. W. I st Ave. Call 2-7233. (M-I U6-tf-j), WOMENS AL TERATIONS AN!) I)RESSMAKING. Fast work and reano,,ails rate.,. 372-0786 or 250-H Flavet III. (MI-I24-61-p). FREE Toi, value stamps. IOU extra for car lube-OO extra lort oil filter ehangp -50 extra for oil 'hange -20 extrA with eacl, fill up with gas over 9 gallons. Mci hankc on duty. (beeper prices fur good. honedt, iejmnd:.ble m74rhaniral work. Chpeek over prices before you buy. & ii Tenper,, 701 wV. tni vers ity Avye. 6-t 542. ( M-13tj-3t-r). GATOR CLASSIFIEDS GET RESULTSI (jAINISVlII F MINI A TI)RE track in North Florida. 4)jening April Ird. If you don't know what It is dIr'p by any night thi. week ror a look-see. Old Phi Kappa P1. W. Univ. above l ord Byron's. (M-l 2S-61-c ) INVEST NOW-PROFIT NOW and later. 15% net profit and morw hrn lnlom~e props rty as compared with 4-1/2% from your savings account. Buy apartment units or future hwsiness property in the i{I(.ll location and at the RIGHT price. A,. litle as $1500 can get you started. Consult Wayne U. Mason i/o Arnold Realty 312-3522. (1-126-If-ri. I 'I -= --a n GATOR For Rent p' Revol IIl ,II i\. Wy. It/ '' Car Renta iiIIo IL I I -uoII ll, \ -Il {t.t Autos Real Estate 1 1 1 t t I .11 I I | i ., ir. I 1 | 11 t I' 11 ---- 

PAGE 8

~ti tr i l ~ l I 1 w a 'lsil r s. g a i [ li ji it ilnl-e ed t u u i a i i u .i s \V iI, \vrile)} ir'rnIlIg'!Jirn wJ t lkitni 11o,1 thn iim tI. rU'' e< 1. sn Auburn liii suit, '{Hx, ie't wiq ib, '1 l + .D ( unmmharnLit bIfki *t Ii, .tuiy ntil ,iloupt to) etiords un ot, lliirigliamjis ,&pirltybe hij else. lie mttrie a laset t~tz~t. Last year 'I ApiIbpr, Al iad ruwiit'li I' imhw. Iii thw CLr K n lFriday, balmy I ~ggirt was rpli-vii liv lImrmi I lli(tt ti the >1 ni. E:ggawrt left tlh. tell 4a l uff. eliF fih utu XiiI.',t Anes4Jt, wue better go throw souP. F gg t, you I It h Lim' Ander.,or lazily ROI up .md started for lh. Ill)4ui. LvgaI' tohd talking to hilms, If,, WNIle Anderson was waX Ting up it'tlp hu'mllpein witlh tg .frl tlher. e a collision at second base briweeri Auburn's left (Plde, andii JIuI Ihrstop, Randiy (Scooter) Mjr< tort. The Airlurli rijmner was trying to bek up a double play. Hie And Morrroft till towether krwakiig them boil (lit. Trainer .11m started for the lie Id. Charlie Anderson turn$(i to look at tihe sceT. lie ShOtjldl't hive turned his back to FggarN. E:gg art wts 'dill mad ai iseif and he didn't se.e Anderson turn. lie <cut loo'e with ilie and lie CIught (harlie behitvd the he .d. Anrde rsorn went cut cold. Two years ago we had a good aye, we tot stolen bases. Auburn wanted to stop us or' the base paths -',o they added about fnve Inches of sand to the infield. Late Friday night, about six of us anid trainer Jini made aq(utt trip to the Auburn field, We (limlbed the fence and with rakes, shovels, and a couple of wheel harrows, we cleaned most of the sand off the Infield. Auburn had a freshman game Saturday morning. They played on the field without changing the surface. After the freshman game they put the sand back on the infield. We took our pre-game batting practice at 12:30 pam. We used most of our tirme cleaning the sand back off. When Auburn came out to hit at 1:00 pam, they really raised the roof. Auburn used most of their batting practice putting It back on the infIeld. We had to play with mhe sand up to out knees but we wn the SEC last year despite Auburn. ~~UF Trake Hos Teh, Se minoles Switching a meet scheduled later in tie season will Kive the I'I. two dual liee track oppxonents tomnot row in Georgia TIch anid ES. i (Coath Ye rey Ilardi', Gators were originally scheduled to tae the Jackets in a SEC opener in Gainesville, but will now clash with both teams ojn a duaiti-mneel basis. The Packets of Norris I eani will be paced by a group of football stars, will, Jacksonvllle's (.eri y Russell the most outstanding entry. ESIL has spt easily past three foes this season -Miami, Furman and South Carolina -and boasts somie of the LDeep South's top times and distances. Among the better known Seminotes are shot-discus art Al Wilhiams, a recent Florida Relays champion, pole vaulter Don [sri is, who has done 14-6 1/-4 this year, and a trio of sprinters who have finished 1-2-3 in the 100 in every meet this year. 'This list Includes Bob Sable, Hutch Johnson and Al Cato, with Cabo's 9.5 being the fastest time recorded. Jerry McDaniel is undefeated in dual meet competition in the 440 and 220 and recently turned in a 21.9 run on the curve In the 220. Against these Heard will send a 33-man squad led b3 captain Pete Rowe of Springfield, Va., a 440, hurdles and relaymIan, sprintor George Leach of T ampa, second In the lOG In the Florida Relays and a 9.5 nun himself over that distance, javelin throw.: ret. skift., recent Florida R e .". s chmin versatile Jerry I APRIL 4 4'A -c 4C., N Jr -a, DU's Lock Bigham Horns Campus 'S FLORrDA'S UNDEFEATED GOLD DUST TWINS .o re, left, Don Griffin and, right, Adriorn Zoboaa Both 0f the sophomore pitchers ore I1-0 on the seosnr have helped to give the GOdors the most folented at deepest hurling staff in the SEC. Griffin boils Frorm Fer nandina while Zabalo is a Jacksonville native. * 0 Rivals In * Collide Tigers While F lorida head coach Dave Fuller wotild like to see some batting punch come forth during an important two-game SEC baseball series in Auburn today and tomorrow, he can't complain over pitching. The Gators, in running upaperfeet 5-0 Eastern Division chart, have gotten brilliant hurling out of five different men, each of whotn 'ow stands I-C In the league. Only five earned runs have been scored against Florida in the conference, at, average of one per game, and just 21 hits, just a shade over four per outing. Gator bats have been relatively silent, however, and this is the department which Fuller believes will have to e unroved to wi in the SC. Top Florida hitter is sophomore 11111 Blomgren or Ft. Lauderdale, and he teams with captairiJim Dun'in to provide the only two Gatifrs over the .300 mark. Counting the SEC games only, Hlomgren Is way out front with I .474 batting average and II runs(d EDen' batted-in. Thjirdi basemnati EVri Mont gomt.ry h ias had a hot bit in conference games, connecting fot a .389 average, while first baseman Tom Shannon has a .3538Et average. Fuller is uncertain is to his pitchers int the Auburn series. Junior Danhy Eggart of Pensacola, who blanked Georgia on three hits in his other E astern Division start, is likely hurler in one of the two games. Either Charles Anderson or Tim Biggart is Another probably starter. Anderson got credit for a win over Vanderbilt in relief, then went eight innings against Georgia Tech, allowing no earned runs and 'anin I bt h" icor went t relief man Adrian /abala-. Midnight Star N Pina 20 tais i tetha iii bt' Faith tit he uuIwt' (itiphl i j 'h lI. ( ri,pIus ofi' II u pois i. The elIn iset fnir P:45~ T.m. a Bet I i ll. Dclii llpslon writ a 'pot ii1 tie Irnuas by copping, th, Fil, I e gul Iihirpi(nslip. Limli wil Lot 1)0 reptesetted in thi. touruuaniert. Sigma Nui rt'presentatives said the sti me dceiiint i' l>d" would hinder the pairtictpatioi (' their fraternity ii the eliminations. The Alligutor, sponsor Of the il-campus jotist,is donating a t roph y to t he 1D1U-11gh ami winner.* The trophy will be awarded I imediately after the game. Phi' starting lineup announited by flighanm will Include: Cal liichelle(1'), Norm Kernter(C), Glenn Dunn (I Bl, Mark Springer (2B), Jeff l'ardee (38), Tom Gatway (3D), leonard Flail (SE), Preston Bevtllnss (LF), Skip Peddigrew (C F) and Phil Copare (RF). DsUpree Fastest It's official, fullback Larry flupree is the fastest man on the UF football squad. Gator coaches timed all members of the squad the final week of spring practice, running them in the 40-yard-dash, and yesterday released the times of the top boys. Dupree was clocked in 4.55 for the 40, extremely good speed for that distance. Next in line were halbas JmyJranadli Seymour (4.6). Evening Star Vogue Angels Wing Tanguers Which is Astral your faorte I 7&Mo7RROW Uni v. A ve 4""" 4-r r ca ArtsC .2*1 DIAMOND and WED0iNS R1N68 9100 -ton 
