
PAGE 1

the independent florida Not offclaly afsatdwIh#Uivei vw y of Pubiahed by Campus Communicabo ion. n of Gasnevile, Flonda WE INFORM. YOU DECIDE. Students rally to support minority admissions By Laura Metif Alligator Staff Writer hlnerritt@alligator.org As-lawyers for the University of Michigan argued in front of the nation's highest court that a minority admission policy does not establish quotas, a group of about 50 UF students and faculty rallied outside of Tigert Hall. The group, organized by Omega Phi Psi Fraternity, hopes UF officials will speak out in support of the system used at UM. Minority students at UM can receive up to 20 points on a 150-point admission scale because of their race. After three white students were denied admission, they appealed the decision, claiming that minorities were receiving -preferential treatment. At UF, the fraternity organized several speakers for Tuesday's rally and plans to present 1,000 signatures supporting affirmative action to UF President Charles Young by next Tuesday. "Affirmative action is inthing that needs to be uphek said Barbara McDade, of the-Association of Black Faculty and Staff at U". As long as race is a factor in excluding people ... it should be a factor in including Americans." Event organizers said they were disappointed that no one from the administration besides Dean Jon Mills of the Levin College of Law attended the rally; however, Provost David Colburn wrote in an e-mail that he was unaware of the rally and DAVID L/IL I ALUGAIUE SAFF Sharletta Roberts, Lori Nazry and Yohance Pettis-listen as Chris Chestnut speaks about gender issues i~ affirmative action in front of Tigert Hall on Tuesday afternoon. Omega Psi Phi organized the event ahd passed around a petition to get UF President Charles Young to take a stand for affirmative action. had been in meetings most of the day. Still, he said UF remains committed to diversity by following the statewide Talented 20 college admissions program implemented by Gov. Jeb Bush in 2001. The Talented 20 ,program strives to be race-neutral by admitting the-top 20 percent of each Florida high school's graduating class into a state university. "Our minority numbers were up significantly this year due to heavy recruiting and convincing students that UF was a place that welcomed students from all backgrounds," he said. In 2001, the first year after the program, only 490 black students were in the freshman class, down from 829 the previous year; however, this Fall the number of black students increased to 659 students. Mills said he thinks the imrovement is based on strong eforts to recruit minority students. "I think the record of the president and provost at UF in encouraging diversity is terrific," he said after the rally. "The commitment is clearly evident." The lack of minority scholarships, which were discontinued as part of Bush's One Florida Initiative in 1999, provides a hurdle for some minority students, Mills said. He suggested that the university try to work within Department of Justice regulations to provide more financial assistance to underrepresented students. David Bynes, coordinator of Greek life, attended the rally be-cause he advises the group and because he said he enjoys political issues. However, the fact that affir mative action has not become a campus issue worries him, he said. "Besides the Association of Black Faculty and Staff, affirmative action has really been a hush-hush issue, which is probably cause for alarm." Ronnie King, a computer engineering and mathematics se nior, who helped organize the rally, told attendantsthat it is unfair for UM to stop giving points on race but to continp1e giving points for other aspe4n6. "The only points they want removed are those for color," he said. ""Why don't they tell the son whose parents donated $100 million to the university that it doesn't matter? Let's leave legacy points, but take points from minorities." At the Supreme Court, justices aggressively questioned lawyers, focusing on likely consequences of discrimination and educational opportunities. It was the first time in 25 years that the court had taken up the polarizing question of racial preferences in admissions. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Allied forces intensify attacks throughout Baghdad The AO atedPres BAGHDAD, IraqHuge explosions shattered the silence across Baghdad early Wednesday, with blasts rocking the center of the city and-a plume of white smoke rising from thesouthern end of the-Old Pal,' ace groundsin the capital. More explosions hit Baghdad in the 30 ward, the sudofintermttentexplodfons and occasional bursts of anti-aircraft fire could.be heard in the distance. The, Old Palace, te crmoilseat Of gvem t on the west bank oftheTr, oi .for laJUse4 openlby( 6 'uit beeia attack on March 20. But by day, despite two weeks of attacks and damage to dozens of local sites and landmarks, the Iraqi capital maintains the appearance of a functioning city. The targets have varied greatly, from least flvetelephone exchanges.Butt city's supp remain intactand street lights come on-at night. zIl 0404 The SCIMO ably accurate hits, taking out the target and largely leaving everything around it intact. Some homes lost windows or more, but so far there have been no casualties in those strikes -all launched in the middle of the night. The attack early Wednesday followed two days; of explosions, with allied warpla and mis blastg Iraq's Olympic hu ters, one of-Saddam Husseins palaces-and what was reportedly an air force o e dub. Those strikes produced some of the strongest blasts in the Iraqi capital since the warbegan March 20. children, including an infant, were killed Tuesday morning in the town of Hillah, about 50 miles south of the capital. "They are racist. So they are indiscriminately killing people," al-Sahhaf said. "Hiah is my hometown. It is a civilian place." Some of the attacks, mostly by Tomahawk cruise missileS, left government buildings smoldering for a day or two. Others, like one next to the Planning ministry were gutted. Another notable sight in the capitAl is the Al-Salam. presidential palace, dmadmark1 because it has fo~*rbiti Saddam on each Dow Of ppic~ units defending i w e' 

PAGE 2

*-, wpwmmmppp I Support our troops -I Toiletriles and nonperishable itemnt for care packages for soldiers in Iraq can be dropped off at Emerson Alumni Hall today and Thursdayfrom 4p.m. to 6 p.m. Street Law -The UF Levin College of Law presents the Community Law Series, "Street Law" at 7p.m. in the Alachua County Health Department Auditorium. The event is free and open to the public. Call 392-2237 for more information. TODAY":; : 7/5 THURSDAY '.+ 35 ~ 83/54 FRIDAY 83/57 The Aligator strives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. If you find un error, please (all the editor at 376-4458 or send an e-mail to editor@alligator.org. ACROSS THE STATE Cuban group hoping to drum up more protests MIAMI (AP) -A leading Cuban exile group Tuesday denounced a crackdown by the Cuban government on dissidents in the communist nation, and said it would help organize a campaign of public protest to press for the release of all olitical prisoners on the island. The Cuban government has jailed dozens of activists, members of political opposition groups and independent journalists since last month on grounds they were conspiring with the United States to undermine the government. "They have tried to take advantage that world opinion and the press are concentrated on the war in Iraq," said Omar Lopez Montenegro, who monitors human rights issues in Cuba for the Cuban American National Foundation. Montenegro said somee relatives have asked the Miami-based group to help drum up international support to free their loved ones. The effort, dubbed "Campaign for an International Day of Struggle," involves a letter-writing campaign asking the Cuban government to free the dissidents and will culminate in what the foundation hopes will be worldwide protests on April 28. "This campaign is going to ask for the release, not only for the group that has been detained in the last few days, but also for political prisoners in Cuba ... people who have been in jail or years or months," Montenegro said. Montenegro said the foundation last week sent $50 each to 30 families of jailed activists, money that can be used to hire a defense attorney, he said. The foundation said more than 100 people were targeted in the wave of arrests that began March 18. Montenegro said 15 were released after 12 hours but 83 remained jailed. The Cuban Commission on Human Rights and National Reconciliation has said 78 people have been arrested. AROUND THE WORLD Another attempted sulcide, at Guantanamo Bay SANJUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) Aircraft launch crew stand along side the catapult as an F-14 Tomcat is launched from the USS Theodore Roosevelt. A terror suspect attempted suicide at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba and was being treated at the detention camp's new psychiatric ward, officials said Tuesday. Guards saved the man within seconds of the attempt in his cell late Monday, Army Lt. Col. Barry Johnson said. There have been 24 suicide attempts by 17 individuals since detainees began arriving at the remote naval base in eastern Cuba in January 2002, officials said. No one has been successful. He said that the detainee did not suffer "significant injury" and remains under observation in the psychiatric facility, which opened March 23. The new ward has 20 detainees staying there, he said. Officials have denied that the 35-bed ward was created solely in response to suicide attempts, saying it is part of planned improvements to health care. volume 96 ISSN 0889-2423 number 132 a lI the independent florida aligator Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc., of'Gainesville, Fla. Newsroom 376-4458 Fax: 376-4467 Editor ................. ........................... Heather Leslie Managing Editor / Print ............................... Jason Brown Managing Editor / New Media........................Stephen Link Assistant New Media Editor ......................... Brandon McCoy Sports Editor ........................................... Jill M artin Assistant Sports Editor............................Jeremy Fowler News Editors ......................... Laura Merritt, Jennifer Valdes Editorial Page Editor ............................ Cameron Ackroyd Editorial Board.......................Sarah Anderson, Andy Davis ...................................... Ryan Kent. Devon Nunneley Detours Editors.....................Stephen Feller, Jason Venture Alligator Online E-mail ........................................Aa r lletters @alligator.org W eb .......................................... http://www.alligator.org Display Advertising Voice: (352) 376-4482 Fax: (352) 376-4556 Advertising Director ...................................... Brad Smith smith @alligator.org Retail Advertising Manager .......................... Jill Zanni Rodriguez Advertising Office Secretary ................................... Lisa Akly Advertising Office Assistants ................................ Amy Vance ....................................... ............. Laura Lovejoy Classified Advertising Voice: (352) 373-FIND Fax: (352) 376-4556 Classified Advertising Manager ............................... Ellen Light ellight @alligator.org Classified Clerk .................................... Leah Zissimopulos ...................................................... Beth O 'N eil .................................................... Jen Alexan der Sales Representatives -Bert Matteson Elizabeth Marlatt Emily Tortorella Nicole Shults Camelia Islam Amy Pierce Mary Riley Elizabeth Marum Josh Hall Dave-Naylor t Jennifer Johnson Intern Coordinator ...................................Amy Vance Crculatlon Operations Manager......................... Scott McKeaman -smckearnan~abgto.org Operations Assistants ......................... ... Jo5sph Fioo ................... ......... .. tFkwio Assistant Detours Editor.............................. Jana Adelman Photo Editor ........................ ............... Matt Marriott Assistant Photo Editor ................................. David Zentz Copy Desk Chiefs....................Annie Dallas, Angel Dieguez, ...................................Julie Halladay, Jonathan Lorenzo Copy Editors...............Ashley Holmes, Kristin Hoyer, Tom Gries, ..............Steve Kirschner, Natalie Liem. Brenda Lee, Kelly Lyons, Christine Mechanik, Tessie Olivera, Jennifer Schaefer. Emily Seiwell, ....................................................Polly W erner Staff .........................David F ;ox. gj K m Photo Staff .... Jennifer Katsamantou, Kathryn KuypersfAllison LaBine Business Voice: (352) 376-4446 Fax: (352) 376-4556 Comptroller ....................................-Delia Kradolfer dkradolferO aigator.org Bookkeeper ...........................................Paula Richards Accounting Clerk............................. ., Joe Gandolff Student Accounting Clerks: ........................... v... A.son Mir ...................................... ............. S hab N a~aw ............................... .................. .. .aad R ehm an .................................. Jade Mims Administration Voice: (352) 376-4446 Fax: (352) 376-4556 General Manager ........................................ C.E. Barber cobarer@allgator.org Assistant General Manager .............."... Patricia Carey i awealgtororg Administrative Manager ................................. Stacey Ledvina siedvfna. gor.org Administrative Assistant ...........................Ler McGOwan Amcgowanflatortorg Administrative Clerk.................... ...... Jackle aaotesino Production Manager ............... Assistant Production Manager Ad Production ... ....issa Prnner .dd ..io Production SU... .. ... ..... ..... ,. -. Noe.S Bam WEDNESDAY'S SPECIALS Jumbo 46oz#a .M ita $8.25 2 for 1 Appetizers from 10:30 p.m.-close Butler laza 11 a.rm.-1:15 a.m. MorwSat. 375-4064 1 p.m.-10:15 p.m. Sun. m U 1 2003-2004 Try-outs Have e opportunity to be part of true Gator spirit as Albert.Alberta, OUie & Baseball Al! SHO*.Io ..... "Theday, 8th'6 pin The IndeppodWVFFordqAAra sbudet ewmeseomnt e hUveaslyag Flor.putibbd byamonp5GS1-toN educationlinsttubio. campusomuleiosn..POBox14257. GaevwwwewFL32SO4-2257.T#w holidays aid exam peiods Soo The Aflgsoris amember 9* *fw4MdWNwa ltd SUSORJPJ1WRA n e 00e e (F1orSpri to) ...t b9 I adaU•~m •a -.1 ~1 -~1664d at 41t 4O 2~A4~% E?5MP mr-11117V-4 777 7 

PAGE 3

Senators discuss alternatives to funding s By Apl Slmps Afligotor Writer asimpson@alligator.org The prospects of funding a controversial Nakba '48-sponsored speaker forced Student Government senators to question if the bill and proposed amendments were within their jurisdiction and if the speaker's message would incite an anti-Israeli sentiment. After close to an hour of debate, Nakba '48, which has self-funded two previous speakers whose events drew up to 300 students, received the requested $838 in SG funding. Ramzy Baroud, a Palestinian-American who grew up in a Gaza Strip refugee camp, is scheduled to speak on his book "Searching Jenin: Eyewitness Accounts" on -April 9. However, Baroud is prohibited from selling the book at the event. Sen. Alex Bond, who spoke in opposition to the bill, shared a picture of the Jenin refugee camp Baroud says lost 2,000 homes after a Palestinian massacre. Bond asked the group to question whether or not the village lost 2,000 homes and told senators that he would not support a speaker who delivered half-truths and lies. "Sadly, there is no way that I can prove to you that he is a good man with only the best intentions," said Laura Hammad, Nakba '48 vice president, who shared letters of recommendations from people who have already heard Baroud speak. Sens. Brian Aungst and Mike Schuster suggested Nakba '48 host a speaker with less controversy. But fellow senators cited an incident when SG funded $4,000 for a Black Student Union event to host Bobby Seale, founder of the Black Panther Party. Sen. Ysabel Cruz proposed an amendment to cut the speaker's honorarium, which was rejected, however, an amendment to prohibit the speaker from selling his book at the event was approved. Brent Gordon, Honor Court Chancellor-elect,lso s s -:, the issue. Gordon told the group that's a Jewish student, he does not agree with Baroud's opinions, but the issue would wind up in a court if senators chose not to fund the event. A resolution opposing the U.S. war on Iraq was removed from the SG Senate agenda on Tuesday, after Sen. Alan Rubin denied sponsorship and no senator volunteered as a replacement. Accent plans additional security for Clinton speech By April Simpson Alligator Writer asimpson@alligator.org When former President William Jefferson Clinton speaks at the O'Connell Center on Thursday, students will be greeted with standard event security, but additional Secret Service efforts will guard the premises. The event, which is free and open to the public, is sponsored by Accent, Student Government's speaker's bureau. Doors open at 3 p.m. and Clinton is scheduled to speak at 4:30 p.m. Darius Dunn, associate director of the O'Connell Center, said he expects a "capacity crowd" of 9,000 people to attend. The O'Connell Center seats about 12,000 people, and Accent generally seats its speakers in the center of the basketball court. However, because of increased security precautions, Clinton will be seated in a way so no one will be allowed to sit behind him. Accent took similar security precautions when former Soviet Union President Mikhail Gorbachev and former President George H. W. Bush spoke in 1999 and 2000, respectively. "This is a post-Sept. 11 [2001] era that we're living in," Accent director Eric Trabin said. "But we are in a state of war so that does take things into account." Joe Sharkey, University Police spokesman, said event security would have increased uniformed and plain-clothes officers. Both Dunn and Trabin said more than enough security officials would be working the event. Dunn said the bulk of the security preparations have included alerting staff to have their eyes open and keep aware of their surroundings. He said he wants patrons to feel comfortable without worrying about security issues. "These are very normal preparations when you have a president visiting, past or present," Dunn said, while adding that his staff has been in good practice with a state of heightened security since Sept. 11, 2001, and in even better practice since the war with Iraq became imminent. Trabin said students should remember that items brought to the event are subject to search. He said students are prohibited from bringing both book bags and large bags. Purses as well as small camera bags are not prohibited, and large cameras are permitted only by press officials. Gina Evans, Accent public relations director, said to consider the security measures comparable to a basketball game's. "We're using the same precautions for anything at the O'Connell Center," she said. ________________________________________ri S Be a Community Ambassador and we'll pay your rent! We are looking for outgoing, motivated student leaders to help us achieve outstanding-student service fOr fall/spring 2003-2004.If you enjoy working wkh your peers, are responsible, and want to make a difference In. your community come week for us. For mwore d 1etails or an Iapplication' vi* sit wwwmelrw-osnImor stop, by eik-oftieOal MdyAp~tSW2@ the Special Disco WWII #Sand Nursing Pins 25 FREE5jU with each ring pin purchase. We Iod to seeing you! For mor ton call 1-800-854-7464 TO ORDER PERSONALIZED GRADUATI@I ANSUOIGEMETS GCALL 1-800-353-5299 OR ORDER OULIKE @ Www.JOsteU$-UiEGllmeUtSGoi 

PAGE 4

4, IR DNEs canMEidsf Diverse candidates vie for new city Commsson rseat By Kimberly Jones Alligator Writer kmjones@alligator.org A carpenter, a local businessman and a student. The candidates for the new city conmission at-Large 2 seat, created after the Archer Road annexation, are as diverse as the residents they want to represent. Rob Brinkman, Rick Bryant and Adam Guillette agree on most of the big issues, but each feel they provide a different type of leadership from their opponents. Rob Brinkman comes from a different style of life. A carpenter, he works with his hands to make a living. He moved to Gainesville in 1996 and became involved in local politics by being on the Campaign Finance Advisory Board and as an executive member of the Sierra Club. He said issues like the Midtown Project, which was approved by the minority of an unelected board, are prime examples of why he's running. "There is a tendency in the way that procedures are set up in this town that there is very little notice of a project," Brinkman said. "But issues like this should be debated." If elected, he'd like to create a town hall forum where people could come and talk about issues without a time limit. Brinkman said he offers a clear choice from his opponents because of how many issues Guillete and Bryant agree on. In a questionnaire by the Builder's Association of North Central Florida, Guillette and Bryant answered 15 of the 18 questions the same. The three candidates answered four of the 18 questions the same. "I think you could just as well toss a coin on those two, but with me one can make a clear choice," he said. Since his son started playing sports five years ago, Rick Bryant noticed a lack of recreational facilities in Gainesville. With one of his three children about to enter middle school, he realized that after-school projects had remained underfunded from when he was a child growing up in Gainesville 32 years ago. With virtually no programs for middle school students, he saw many latchkey children in need of help. The lack of business development seen in the dying 13th Street corridor and Pick 'n Save plaza prompted him to make another run for city commission. Bryant unsuccessfully ran for the District 2 seat that was won by Commissioner Ed Braddy. He wants to coordinate between different organizations like the YMCA and Boys and Girls Club to get "bigger bang for our buck" with after-school activities. Bryant said he best represents the at-large district because of his Gainesville roots. "I've lived on both the east side and the west side of town. I think I've seen the transition of Gainesville," he said. Even though he's a 22-year-old UF student, Adam Guillette is no stranger to politics. While most students were basking in the sun this past summer, Adam Guillette was sweating in Trenton, Fla., trying to find a compromise between a police chief and a commissioner. He spent a Spring semester strapped into his inline skates going door to door to register more than 4,000 voters. Despite not considering himself much of a club-goer -he listens to Led Zeppelin and professes he can't dance -he worked against the rave ordinance because he felt it infringed on people's civil liberties. "I've been fighting for what I believe in nonstop for over a quarter of my life," he said. He's already been a Student Government senator, managed and edited The Gator Standard newspaper, worked on six comSTEPHEN BAMONTE I ALLIGATOR mission campaigns and ran unsuccessfully for mayor. "It's clear that I have more experience than any of the other candidates, and f think that's what Gainesville deserves." Senate prefers less strict version of voter-approved smoking ban By Jon Custer Alligator Staff Writer jcuster@alligator.org TALLAHASSEE -The state House of Representatives passed its version of the law implanting a voter-approved smoking ban Tuesday, but faces a challenge from the Senate, which prefers a looser interpretation of the amendment. The Clean Indoor Air Act, which implements the constitutional smoking ban, passed 93-23 with both objections Democratic and Republican. "This is the single most invasive private property rights issue that has ever been," said Rep. Dwight Stansel, D-Live Oak. "It's going to be a nightmare." Rep. Stacy Ritter, D-Coral Springs, also criticized the bill, saying it went further than voters intended. "I voted for Amendment 6, but this isn't the Amendment 6 I voted for," she said. Voters passed the smoking ban into the state constitution last November; leaving lawmakers to work out the details. The House version, which bans almost all smoking in indoor businesses, makes exceptions for tobacco shops and cigar factories, private homes, home-based businesses that don't deal with children or health care, and designated rooms at hotels. But it doesn't include an exemption for cancer research, drawing a complaint from Rep. Charlie Justice, D-St. Petersburg. "We're potentially outlawing some of the cancer researchthat's going on in the state," he said. The original amendment also incded an ptiUo fors daleba &U the Senate. amendment's sponsors said stand-alone bars only could serve pretzels and popcorn, while bar and restaurant owners wanted a percentage limit that would allow bars to serve full meals as long as they get most of their money from alcohol. The Senate's compromise -allowing smoking in any bar that earns less than 30 percent of its revenue from food -was heavily criticized by restaurant owners and smoking opponents. House Speaker Johnnie Byrd, R-Plant City, said.it would require an army of "smoke police" to enforce. However, the House decided to sidestep the debate and outlaw smoking in bars altogether, using a provision in the amendment that allows lawmakers to be stricter than the original language. "That way there is no controversy," said Rep. Manuel Prieguez, R-Miami, sponsor of the bill. "We thought that it was the cleanest, fastest, best way of implementing the language that is in Amendment 6." The Senate effort, led by-Senate President Pro Tempore Alex Diaz de la Portilla, R-Miami, which also bans smoking in outdoor seating areas, hasn't been voted on yet. But once the Senate passesit version, lawmakers will have to meet to rectify cant. differences betweenthe two." Byrd said the two chambers should beable to reach a compromisedespite his criticisms of the Senate smoking ban. "I imagine there will besome-sortofconsensusbetweenthe But Byrdsaidhe di t 4Ith would include a stand-alone bars. fo nth tikW*~l~~ cct -z ----I I 91 -R'" i" 10"W"'t ;to OL. kMi, 

PAGE 5

Alumnus to chair Nuclear Regulatory4 Byid g aato taro Alligator Writer szavattaro~alligator.org The safety of U.S. citizens' lives is in the hands of a UF alumnus. With-his appointment as chairman Of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission on Tuesday, Nils Diaz is responsible for essentially anything and everything concerning radiation. "The mandate of the commission is the protection of public health and safety, the environment and the common defense and security for all civilian uses of nuclear materials," said the UF Department of Nuclear and Radiological Engi'Star Search.' neering professor emeritus. "We are the ones that take care of making sure there is actual protection." Originally nominated for a position on the commission in 1996 by former President Bill Clinton, Diaz is replacing Richard Meserve, who vacated the post Monday. The U.S. Senate unanimously approved his nomination to the commission seven years ago and again in 2001 when President Bush reappointed him. "I considered it a bit of luck," Diaz said. The 1965 and 1969 UF graduate said citizens should not worry about nuclear reactors and facilities across the country during wartime because his group has taken several measures to elevate the security around nuclear materials. "We can assure the public that ai the measures that need to be taken have been taken," he added. Fellow Nuclear Regulatory Commissioner Edward McGaffigan Jr. said Diaz is "uniquely qualified" fbr this line of work. "He obviously has the nuclear engineering background that allows him to talk at any level of technical complexity of nuclear power reactors and their safety features," McGaffigan said. "He's a national asset, and the University of Florida community should be very proud of him." He and Diaz both were approved for the group at the same timein 1996 -'Diaz as the Republican and McGaffigan as the Democrat. As federal statutes mandate, no more than three people on the five-person commission can be from the same party, McGaffigan added. Even in Washington, D.C., Diaz has. never forgotten UF and constantly tells stories of his days on campus. ."I am a Gator, and I look forward to coming in the Fall to a few of the games, which I always enjoy," Diaz said.."It has always been my pleasure to interact with the people of Gainesville. It will always be home." seeks Gai nesville talent through auditions By Stad Zavattoro Alligator Writer szavattaro@alligator.org Clad in shiny black pants and an oversized red, white and blue windbreaker, 16-year-old Traci Koch. stretched her muscles while waiting to perform a dance routine with a trio of friends. "We didn't sleep much on Sunday," she said about her foursome from Tampa, who call themselves Caliente. "We woke up this morning at 6 o'clock to come down here and wait in line." Koch, Justin Middlebrooks, Rachel Vollrath and Marlowe ,Howell waited at the UF Hotel and Conference Center on Tuesday for a chance to audition for the CBS show "Star Search." Koch said she and her friends were the only group of the six in the audition room that won a chance tohave their tape 'forwarded to "Star Search" executives, for review. UF sophomore Nicolette Skourellos, wearing a one-sleeved fishnet shirt under a bright pink tank top, also performed her dance routine for the audition cameras. .Although Skourellos has been dancing since age five and is a member of UF student dance group Danza, she said she still ad some 'difficulties choreographing her "thrashy jazz" routine Monday night. "It's so much pressure, and you DAVID LLNIL I ALLIGAIUK bSAFF Rachel Vollratb, Marlowe Howell and Traci Koch; of the All American Dance Factory, warm up before auditioning for "Star Search" on Tuesday afternoon at the UF Hotel and Conference Center. have to put a certain amount of tricks and turns to show off your ability," she said. Although she did not hear if her tape made the cut, Skourellos said after her performance that it was an experience she will not soon forget. "You only get to try out for 'Star Search' once," she said. "How often does 'Star Search' come to Gainesville, Florida?" UF telecommunications junior LaKendra Tookes decided to belt out a few notes of Mariah Carey's "Vision of Love," but it was not enough to earn her a callback today. "I did not get the callback, but it was really cool," she said, adding that she messed up the song's ending. "It wasn't intimidating. There was a lot of talent in the room, and everyone was really nice." UF was the first stop on a cross-country bus tour that includes trips to the University of North Carolina, University of Kentucky, Ohio State University and UniYersity of Michigan. "This basically is a driving billboard," said "Star Search" associate Talent Producer Dj. Feldman of.the bus parked near Century Tower on Tuesday. "We wanted to l.et students know we were on campus." Feldman worked closely with fellow associate talent producer Dean Houser for the auditions that drew more than 500 people. He said the reality series is different from most out there because no one is insulted and contestants do not have to eat or do anything questionable. "Everyone has an audience," Houser said. "This isn't 'American Idol.' We don't criticize." People chosen as finalists from each city will be flown to Los Angeles for a chance to compete on the nationally televised, live version of "Star Search." "The little girl that won our first show, her family was living in a van," Houser said. "It's amazing what's happening." Dance Marathon to come together after-year of organization By Nior Jenok Alligator Writer n After a year of planning and securing that's left for organizers is to set up the C ter and wait for the dancing to begin. But, the week full of final preparations portion of the detailed planning Dance M organizers began almost a year ago.Craig Goodman, overall cha n for thon, sa team of I I students Were ch as the head organizers forthls year's Danc Since theDance Mamhnoverall tean and W roenets events throughout the y the entire staffofAbout 450busy. In addi*t h tdn rales asu~tan ko th ar vY janokealligator.org donations, all )'Connell Cenis just a small marathon at UF ment for the event were donations from the community, Goodman said. '"rhe Gainesville community has really taken and embraced Dance Marathon," he said. Subway, Schlotzsky's Deli and Domino's Pizza will cater the event, and local bands, performers and a comedian will also showcase entertainment for the 600 dancers. Sunday. Goodman has been involved with Dance Marathon since his freshman year, but said organizers do not have to be involved to apply for next year's overall team.. "It's the only philanthropy that I've worked with that you get to experience and feel what the money is going for," he said. While planning for the dance-a-thon, which begins Waltrip also served as one ot the advisers for Dance. r Dance MaraSaturday with the opening ceremonies at 10 a.m, orgaMarathon for the first time this year. oseil last Api nizers have planned activities in 10-minute increments, "I am very impressed with the way students on the ce Marathon. eating out no details for the 32-hour event, said Beth overall team have been working together," said Waltrip, n wasselected, Waltrip, assistant director of student activities. '-ed Wes otDfpaahn.poed il eei h who has 10 years.of event plamn experience. .gfund raisers All.Dance Marathon. proceeds' will benefit the Jui rt CNads fcPned Fear have kept Children's Miracle Network, which funds research, Juie Kurtz, CMN adviser for Dance MrthOsa medasupi ionarysactivitieshe gave tours of Shands' Children's HPital a. UFto dedottosanles and diversis-for me dancers and azrs pattl in the e. ml ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ s foc runn atya~DneM th qn raised about $217,000 and Ot makes A huge difereceId tefrwhe Goodan aidhe expecsatexceed t*at.otl.hiea. they r bet e h Md ona*on d ny -t -h 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR, WEDNtSDAI', :A iJ' 2: 2063 dwi liendent flerida -amtor l-onde i li9 nependentsnc e 1973 oun inIW Osinc Heather Leslie Editor Cameron Ackroyd Editorial Page Editor Sarah Anderson, Andy Davis, Devon Nunneley, Ryan Kent Editorial Board Nation building Why Iraq won't work When the Japanese struck Pearl Harbor in 1941, we knew at who to aim. When we struck Nagasaki and Hiroshima with atomic force less than four years later, Japanese citizens knew why and accepted our editing of their constitution. They were disillusioned by their leaders' warmongering, and ready for a change of pace. Post-war Japan was an ideal breeding ground for American democracy. When terrorists struck our country in 2001, we started swinging away at anyone who scared us: al-Qaida, Iraq, international students and insubordinate peace-loving liberals. When bombs started raining down on Baghdad less than two years after Sept. 11,2001, Iraqi citizens weren't sure why we were destroying their country. They didn't feel they'd done anything to deserve our wrath. For this and many other reasons, democracy in Iraq won't be easy. Iraq didn't attack us. We don't have the moral claim of self-defense we held fast to in World War II. We have a weak, unpopular excuse of pre-emptive defense that much of the world has ridiculed. Our offensive against Iraq has already had devastating effects on the people we claim we're liberating. Civilian casualties, in only two weeks, are in the thousands. Any feeling of gratitude the Iraqi people may have had toward us diminishes with every minute of bombing that rages on in their streets. Certainly many citizens would love to see Saddam Hussein's regime toppled, but if America is seen merely as the lesser of two evils, our post-war occupation only halfheartedly will be welcomed. Another factor in the Japanese acclimation to the American democratic utopia was our unmistakable victory. Our use of atomic bombs, though not necessarily a popular choice, certainly was effective in bringing an end to a bloody war and putting the Japanese in a submissive position when we laid down our demands. Iraq has our troops battling furiously against suicide bombers, sandstorms and soldiers in civilian garb. Though nearly everyone is assured we'll be victorious, an end to this war is less likely to bring a clear-cut victory. Already the message from Iraq has been mixed. Mass surrenders boosted our hopes in the first few days of fighting, but those surrenders have tapered off, and the fighting has gotten tougher. Unless Bushpulls out the big guns -which we certainly hope doesn't happen -our total defeat of.Iraq is a long shot. The Iraqi people will not quickly comply with our demands of disarmament and governmental restructuring-without our over-the-top victory. The process will be a long, trying one,with more civilian resistance than we bargained for. Anti-American sentiment in the region is high, thanks to years of crippling economic sanctions, our playground bully persona and the devastation our liberation campaign has caused thus far. Iraqis won't transform themselves overnight Under a democratic puppet government. That's not their culture. The Japanese have adopted a hodgepodge of international traditions, which made them more able to adapt to post-war change. In a few short decades, they've become an economic powerhouse and a major player in international politics. But we can't shock and awe Iraq into economic and democratic stability. If we keep bombing their marketplaces and factories, it'll be a while before we are buying toys with uMade in Iraq" labels. Visit the Alligator's message boards at www.alligator.org to post a response. The Aliatorencoura es comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about one letter-sized page). They must be typed, double-spaced and must include the author's name, classification and phone number. Names will be withheld if the writer shows just cause. We reserve ihe right to edit for length, grammar, style and libel. Send letters to letters@aligator.org, bring them to 1105 W. University Ave., or send them to P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604-2257. Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial cartows are also welcome, Questions? Call 376-4458. Americans are apathetic to war We all have short attention spans. That's why we change the channel during commercial breaks, read the last page of our novels first, and pay for review sessions to teach us material that we didn't learn while sleeping through class. That's why -at least I tell myself that's why -moat people don't take the time to read this column. And this short attention span that our country has is why most us were wrapped up in the Oscars and the NCAA tournament while our troops were fighting. Why most of us watched the "Shock and Awe" for a couple of minutes only to realize that happy hour was about to start without us. That's why the average person has no idea that things aren't going as smoothly as Gen. Franks antd President Bush planned. We're going to win, rest assured, but the price might mean more in men and dollars than we had expected. Most people, myself included to a degree, only will see of the war what interrupts normal TV programming, and only read of it what is next to a gruesome front-page picture. There is nice weather for us to enjoy, graduation and summer rapidly approaching, plenty for us to worry about without constantly worrying about what goes on two oceans away. It's not a criticism of all of -us, just a fact. The fact is that I rarely watch Fox news to get updates about Operation Iraqi Freedom because new episodes of "South Park" or new pranks on "Punk'd" get in the way. That doesn't mean that I don't care, it just means that life goes on, and that as college students our attention can only focus on world conflict when it has time. It's not just college students. Americans are already pushing our war with Iraq to the back of their minds. Sure, when we're at the gas station or sitting next to a fatigued fellow student we remember, but then it's back to the daily grind. NICK WEIDENMILLER POLITICKED OFF This doesn't mean that we don't care, it doesn't mean that we're not patriotic, it just makes us people. It also makes it easier for our elected officials and military leaders to do their job, allowing them to communicate with one another instead of holding daily press conferences. Protests will continue to remind us how horrible we are for ignoring the conflict, for once again diverting our attention and becoming the silent majority. For once again being too concerned with our own bills, our own friends and family, our own lives to focus on our leaders' latest move on the northern front. For once again having a short attention span. The people we elected and the people they appointed are working around the clock so that the worst part of our day is looking for a parking spot or scuffing our Air Force One's. They are working around the clock so that at the end bf the day when Tom Brokaw interrupts "Friends,v everyone in the room can look at one another, as if to say, -oh yeah, there's a war on." Nick Weidnemiller can be reached at nweidenmiller@alligator.org. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligotor. YOU C)PQU ES T ON Should Student Government pay to bring a pro-Palestinian speaker to UF? 31V *1% Ofi Y~S. TODAY'SQU ESTIONi Will Democracy takeht~old in !raq afteirthe Swar? -. Tocost'Your vo tog on to www. oftpgoo. Look for In rslof-this poll hrsdy 

PAGE 7

French are prey to special interests Editor:. I am not completely dismissing the points brought up in the piece called "America: Ease up on French" in the Points and Case section.Americans have been blinded by utter rage from the Sept. -11, 2001 attacks and lash out at any force that does not wholeheartedly agree with a war that is extremely controversial in America. I am merely bringing to light the true reasons France did not support the war. If one will open a history book, they will find that France owned many Arabic provinces, now countries, such as Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia to name a very few. Therefore it would be intelligent to assume that there is a somewhat substantial amount of Arabs in France itself, 3 million to be exact. Five percent of France's population of 60 million is solid Arab. This is not including whatever percent is mixed and has strong Arabic roots. Politically, it would be complete suicide to agree with the United States and go to war with the Arab nations. Secondly, some of the Arabic .quarters in France have been known to erupt into riots and violent protests. Before judging the foreign front, view the opinions of America's public. A strong 24 percent of the population is against the war. Before lashing out at the usual scapegoat, France, view the polls of public thought. Steven Nedrud 1 LS Protesting war is anti-American Editor:. I am ashamed of some of my fellow Americans. According to Tuesday's poll by the Alligator, 60 percent of the voters do not think that protesting the war is anti-American. It parallels the question of whether one can protest the war and still be patriotic. I say it is not possible to do both. Granted, you are exercising your coveted freedom of speech, which seems to be the most overused excuse for anti-war protests. But freedom of speech has nothing to do with patriotism. Pro-war protests are, ironically, rather peaceful. But they do not get a lot of attention, and, of course, are not9 1 1 ble" as protesting t w* do not understaWd how soOpeople can be comfortablewt the fact that Iraqis are tortured and killed without reason by Saddam-Hussein. IAnd by this point, what purpose do the protests serve? It is not as if another march is going to make the President reverse his decision, especially not with the military 50 miles from Baghdad. We know you do not like the war. Okay. Quit whining about it. Dewayne Allen 4LS ,5 ", n • .t.-. ......... N ew Treadm ills ........ Free Workouth this ad! stdyara-_nakba__dr _lenig OS.. GYM I yar.S...$I119-0 •~ MoI~th of Tanninj---$25.00 7am-midnight Butler Plaza by Publix IMoVhLLE *2f 6T. T3.76_8400 .............New S inner Bikes ............. GET PAID TO GO TO SCHOOL. TALK ABOUT ROLE REVERSAL. The U.S. Air Force, will pay for you to continue your education while you serve your country as a nurse. Through selection into the Air Force Institute of Technology program, you could earn your advanced degree in as Little as two years and get paid to do it. You'll be part of an elite team of medical professionals who have chosen to serve their country in this proud institution. To learn more about Air Force Nursing, please visit airforce.com or call 1.800.423.USAF to request more information. LLSSAIR c CROSS INTO THE LIE ............... I 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2003 Lawyers speak to standingcrod a exerienc By Amy Pedman Alligator Writer aperlman@alligator.org Pregnant chads, extended deadlines and butterfly ballots are just a few of the things that helped two lawyers become the center of attention for 36 days. Dexter Douglass, a UF law school alumnus and chief Florida attorney for Al Gore, and Barry Richard, chief Florida attorney for George .W. Bush, spoke to a standing-room-only crowd Tuesday night at the President's Room in Emerson Alumni Hall. Richard said he received a call from Gov. Jeb Bush's staff asking him to represent his brother. He said he would have represented the other side if he had been asked. Douglass said at first he declined the offer to defend Gore because he did not want to interrupt his life, but then realized it was a wonderful experience to represent people he normally wouldn't defend. "No way would I have represented Bush," Douglass said. "I'm at the age where I don't need the money." Gore and Bush had two very different strategies, the lawyers said. Gore was extremely involved in his cases and at times overturned his lawyers' decisions, which may have ultimately led to Bush becoming president. Bush, however, had very few strategy meetings and left everything up to his lawyers, Richard said. Gore also decided to contest only four Florida counties instead of the entire state because he did not have the manpower and because he thought he could win in those four counties, UF oral history professor Julian Pleasants said. "We had young lawyers working all day and all night," Douglass said. The chief Florida attorneys for George W. Bush and Al Gore debated at Emerson Hall on Tuesday night. Barry Richard and Dexter Douglass debated while UF history professor Micheal Gannon moderated between them. Pleasants, who did a series of interviews with the two lawyers regarding the 2000 presidential election, helped organize the debate, which was part of the annual Augustus M. Burns Lecture Series, which brings high-profile speakers to campus. The two lawyers agreed that there was nothing illegal about the butterfly ballots andanother presidential election wouldn't have been legal. Richard said that although they argued opposing sides in court for 36 days, all of the lawyers actually enjoyed working together. "People watching the. trial on TV must have been surprised to see how well we all got along," he said. Douglass also said the smaller, less-publicized cases actually decided who would ultimately become president, not Gore v. Bush. "As an American you have to recognize the rule of law," he said. Equal Rights Amendment passes first vote in committee By Jon Custer Alligator Staff Writer jcuster@alligator.org TALLAHASSEE -Several Florida lawmakers want the state to take up an amendment to the U.S. Constitution that would ensure equal rights for women more than 20 years after the amendment's opponents thought they had defeated it. A bill to ratify the Equal Rights Amendment, sponsored by Sen. Gwen Margolis, D-Miami Beach, was voted on for the first time Tuesday, passing 6-2 -through a Republican-dominated Senate Judiciary Committee. "I was very gratified by the vote today," Margolis said. "There were some very thoughtful senators who I thought loudly said 'Yes.'" The ERA was first drafted in 1923 after women got the right to vote, and inspired a national debate in the 1970s between feminists and conservative groups, who feared the amendment would legalize abortions and gay marriages. Congress sent the amendment to the states for approval, but only 35 of the necessary 38 signed off before the 1982 ratification deadline set by the Supreme Court when Congress's 1979 deadline expired. But in 1992, Congress approved a 203-year-old constitutional amendment, setting a precedent that revived the hopes of ERA proponents, who are now trying to convince the last three states to ratify. "My personal opinion is it's kind of like a retro subject, like going back and wearing bell bottoms," said Gov. Jeb Bush last month, drawing criticism from women's groups. "I was disappointed," Margolis said of the remark. "The governor should be sensitive enough to understand that people want equal representation under the constitution." House of Representatives Speaker Johnnie Byrd, R-Plant City, said after talking to women he knows, he wasn't convinced of the need for the amendment. "You're going back and selecting slices of Americana and saying, 'You're entitled to special rights,'" Byrd said. Stefanie Lauria, co-president of the UF Campus National Organization for Women, said she and her organization felt the issue is still relevant. "We think it is going to help all of us," she said, adding that any legal challenge was hypothetical. "Once we get three states to pass it, then if Congress doesn't allow it, that's a whole other issui," she said. "For now I think it's worth the fight." Still, many opponents say the latest legal argument is flimsy. "I think that's a silly argument," said Phyllis Schlafy, founder of the Eagle Forum, which opposed the ERA in the 1970s. "You can't promote equality or fairness by doing something that's crooked along the way." SeOd itmia Letter. Aliptot Gasaedsam be po I '"-by "a Fnd ibbiot i i oday's d8.dnamciti a 40rill L HOUSEIA W'161 FREE Drinks for Ladies $2 Pitchers for Everyone  Live DJ Ladies 21 and up FREE before 10 1718 W. Univ. Ave 378-7033jjp&.Sawith .gatorcupob! Featuringmsic arnd car Light refreshments wi1l be~ Grand Wrom. Rttz Unio8:13 FornJ ft ll"7-r 

PAGE 9

WEDNESDAY, A StUdent wins national Harry S. Truman award By AmyPedman Alligator Writer aperlman@alligator.org A political science and sociology junior is one of 76 students nationwide being prepared for leadership in public service. Terri Porter won the Harry S. Truman Scholarship, which consists of a $27,000 scholarship for graduate school and a $3,000 scholarship for her senior year of college. Aside from winning the scholarship, Porter said she will most likely receive an internship in Washington, D.C., for next summer. She said one of the most valuable parts about receiving the scholarship is the resources and connections she will have. "It's exciting, and we've received overwhelming support from former Truman scholars," Porter said. Porter and the other Truman scholars will attend a weeklong leadership development program in May at the William Jewell College in Liberty, Mo. Former presidential candidate Michael Dukakis will speak about the winners' proposals at the conference. Renee Johnson, an assistant professor of political science, has worked with Porter on an academic project. "We share common interests both in and out of class," Johnson said about Porter winning the scholarship. "I'm thrilled but not surprised. It's fabulous for the university." She also said the two developed a friendship over the course of their time working together. Porter's project for Johnson's Political Data Analysis class involved juvenile justice, which also was the policy proposal she submitted as part of a requirement for the scholarship. She proposed to increase funding to communities supporting programs that follow children through each stage of development to prevent truancy. Porter, a member of Phi Mu Sorority, serves as the president of the Panhellenic Council and was the Florida coordinator of the Southeastern Panhellenic Conference. She was also Phi Mu's Greeks Advocating Mature Management of Alcohol representative and helped set up a designated driver program. "You would never know she does everything she does," Phi Mu President Jenny Ryan said. The winners were selected from 635 candidates nominated from 305 colleges and universities, Porter, UF economics junior Steven Cohen and political science junior Valerie Lynch were among the 212 finalists. Porter, who was the only student to win from the state of Florida, said she found out she won from UF President Charles Young two weeks ago. Hard work Trimark Properties construction workers built up the wall of a house on Southwest 12th Street on Tuesday afternoon. JENNIFER KATSAMANTOU I ALLIGATOR STAFF Dean of Students Office holds forum on student rights By Julia Crouse Alligator Writer jcrouse@alligator.org 'The UF campus diplomats don't want any student to get kicked out of the university. They especially don;t want anyone to be kicked out because of misinformation or a misconception. To help' educate students about their rights, Campus Diplomats and the Dean of Students Office-will hold a forum called "How to Not Get Kicked Out of the University of Florida" today from 11:30a.m. to 1 p.m. in rooms 361-363 at the Reitz Union. Representatives from Student Judicial Affairs, Student Legal Services, the Office of the Ombudsman and University Police will explain basic rights and services that are available to all UF students, said Emma Kiziah, chairwoman of the program for Campus Diplomats. "We know a lot of students don't know their rights as Florida Gators," she said. The event was developed to help stu--w-1 1 I k I -1k I ira? iStI uFrA wine-in ~I I' I: Ii A It you, ddi ,ir 4W* Wa dent leaders understand their rights and responsibilities as members of the UF campus, she said. The diplomats wanted to provide a forum for university officials to get their message out to students, quellrumors and educate, with time for questions from students, said Steven Quattry, Campus Diplomats executive director. The forum will cover a broad range of topics ranging from underage drinking to the judicial.affairs process. It will not only offer preventive advice but will also show how to handle things if caught cheating or drinking underage, Kiziah said. The forum is free and open to all students but especially directed at student leaders, Quattry said. Campus Diplomats is a student organization based out of the Dean of Students Office with a mission to "personalize the university." Qua ready which about Wellness Isthe h!est quality of life possible. Living a "Helping students explore and create a wellness lifestyle." k try this: cut your drinking in half 8 omdcpp he n u fIt O ttry said about 50 people have alreserved a seat to the event, i will provide lunch, but there are 30 seats still available. R E A L T Y x -.. ....v ...., ... ....: : ..., ..... ...... ....x ,. ... (352)371NOHIt(*653 i RE= __ __FlIrida KidCare Free & Low Cost Health Insurance.for KidsYou might lu3cclike %PUit!l i l,,l V lla a,4i QHI ,, ,,, aav~w ,va, i t,,,, v U I wlF -god"Ift, StOM (GA-Z omw"7- 

PAGE 10

10, A .IGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2003 Flight detained at San Jose airport after illness scare The Assodated Press SAN JOSE, Calif. -An American Airlines flight from Tokyo was detained on the tarmac at the San Jose airport Tuesday after five people on board complained of symptoms like those of the mysterious new illness spreading through Asia, health officials said. Two passengers and two crew members, plus a fifth unidentified person, complained of symptoms similar to those found in severe acute respiratory syndrome, which has afflicted hundreds in Hong Kong and killed at least 64 people worldwide. It was not immediately clear when the people became ill, only that they reported to the crew during* the flight that they "think they may have SARS," said Joy Alexiou, a spokeswoman for the Santa Clara County Public Health Department. Alexiou added that "we're pretty sure four of the five transferred from Hong Kong to Tokyo." Three first-class passengers were taken to a hospital, airport spokeswoman Cathy Gaskell said. Bob and Barbara Beom of Grants Pass, Ore., said they were sitting near those passengers and they showed'no signs of sickness. 'It's an overreaction of some sort," Bob Beom said. Some passengers remained on the plane, but others were allowed to leave because health officials do not believe the disease is' contagious until. a person shows symptoms. Flight 128 from Tokyo to San Jose stopped on the tarmac short of the gate. Ambulances lined up near the plane as the 125 passengers and 14 crew members waited on board after the 10-hour flight. American Airlines notified the airport that help was needed after"the captain was informed of a passenger needing medical assistance," said Todd Burke, a spokesman for the airline. More than 1,600 cases of the illness have been reported so far worldwide, including 69 cases in the United States. None of the U.S. cases were fatal.I. Last week, evidence surfaced that SARS can be caught on airplanes. Hong Kong authorities said several tourists on a China Air flight caught the disease after flying with another SARS-infected passenger. Singapore Airlines said an attendant was sickened after traveling on a recent flight that carried an SARS-stricken doctor, and officials in Connecticut*said a suspected case there involved a college student who had gone overseas on Spring Break. Two-si Gold Two UF studen won the Goldwater ship. Robert Abel, a ma ics junior, and Anul biochemistry and lar genetics and ec junior, both won ti arship, which is sp by the Goldwater tion. Both will receiv $7,500 annually. The money will c( gible expenses for fees, books, and rc board. About 300 Go Scholarships are each year. Abel said he h pursue a Ph.D. in't cal or computation istry specializing i: -ular genetics. He has worked i than a year on th tum Theory Projec The project inve quantum mechanic The World Health Organization urged airlines to qtiestion passengers at check-in and refusing to board those who might have the illness. Also Tuesday, Syracuse University announced it had cut short its semester-long study-abroad program in Hong Kong and called the students back home because of worries over the illness. Fifteen of the program's 31 students are enrolled at Syracuse, the rest at other schools. Authorities in Massachusetts said a baby girl adopted in China was identified Tuesday as the third suspected case there. SARS usually begins with a fever of more than 100.4 Fahrenhieit, sometimes with chills and headache and body aches. After two to seven days, patients may develop a cough. Other symptoms can include shortness of breath, difficulty in breathing and pneumonia. students win vater award its have theory and how to use the Scholartheory to study Other physical systems. athematp Patel, a "I've always been intermolecuested in science," Abel said. onomics he scholPatel hopes to pursue a )onsored M.D./Ph.D. specializing in Foundamolecular genetics. re up to. He was a public health care policy intern with Sen. 'overs eliBob. Graham and is also a tuition, member of the UF Chemis)om and try Club. idwater The scholarship was creawarded ated to encourage students to pursue careers in matheiopes to matics, natural sciences or theoretiengineering. al chemn molecThe foundation considered the nominee's field of for more study and career objectives Le Quanwhen awarding the scholarestigates ship. ics as a -Amy Perlman 'alli-1gator advertising ,I lSTJ E.FTOVJI&NAMENRT TOI119F1 T9 -10 FREE PS2 -March Madness, Madden 2003 Games and Mellow Mushroom gift certificates as prizes. MELLOW m ji'iI 1209 w. unlverslty g35Isvlll, fl 35 2.36I7.0.012 a V. Month fashio-Som w (ridav) Gatoruithis (lie llirom) hi V riyAdlrw .) @-7,. _.K.: B iCar crash ALLISON LAINE / ALLIGATOR STAFF A five-car pile-up briefly delayed traffic along University Avenue on Tuesday evening. Cpl. Vick Norman arrived on the scene shortly after the accident. No one was-seriously injured. 

PAGE 11

WEDNESDAY, APRi Pride Awareness Month2003 kicks off wi By Kuthqyn Woldeck Alligotor Contributing Writer The Pride Awareness Month 2003 observance opened Tuesday with the Pride Fest held on the Reitz Union North Lawn to promote awareness and educate students about gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender lifestyles. The event featured a 30-foot climbing wall, an obstacle course and a space walk to attract people and encourage them to learn about the month, said Michael Roedel, Pride Student Union president. PSU members handed out pamphlets and were available to answer questions about this month's events and about the organization. "The event is definitely important to open people's eyes and see that they're a significant portion of the community, and that they need to be looked at the same way as everyone else," said sophomore Matt Leslie, a PSU member. The highlights of the month are "Road Rules" members Shane and Rachel on Friday, comedian Elvira Kurt on April 16 and America's Divas on April 17. Leslie said that there are KATHRYN WALDECK I ALLIGATOR Pride Student Union President Michael Roedel and voting member Jonathan Hart stretch it out in the bungee run Tuesday at the carnival held to open the Pride Awareness Month observance. about 300 students involved in the organization and many people are not aware of the size of Gainesville's gay,.lesbian, bisexual and transgender community. T oc 0 G Leaving Game for the n ,et you ..ur S -.adIns n N Spring publishing endit igato~r lp l~wwwwwww plp ---------.. ..--I KRISTEN STONER UFlute soloist in Khachaturian's Flute Concerto University of Florida Assistant Professor of Flute I ~ ~WiWth te aWoitda-Skph~oaOrchestra v~iE~dCh atCodutr AH3#,2003 6:00pml JIM -t~ 44* ~ sville 0 [er? : ublease s4/23 0 373-FIND. "The Pride Student Union is here to educate people and encourage them to end homophobia and to understand gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender 0 questions -and issues' and, essentially, that we're all equal," Roedel said. The organization also helps students and faculty who are Center for Jewish Studies .at the University of Florida presents The Benjamin Greenbaum Memorial Lecture Dr. Menachem lioflung "Israel and the Middle East Crisis" Thursday. April 3. 7:30pm Reitz Union, Room 282 This event is free and open to the public. A reception will follow. For mor lifomaton, call 39241247. unsure about their SeXuJftto find answers and to promote. a safe haven for members of the community. "We're all human beings and just because who we decide to fall in love with it doesn't give the right to anybody to discriminate, produce hate crimes or to physically abuse anyone," Rdedel said. As a part of the month, today some UF students will take a vow of silence in honor of those who have died as victims of hate crimes. The event is a silent protest, said Allison Andrews, vice president of the organization. PSU has organized the day of silence for several years. Students participating will have cards that explain why they are not speaking to give to other people. "It's a way of standing up for our rights without saying anything at all," Roedel said. Additionally, PSU will hold a candlelight vigil at the Reitz Union amphitheater at 8 p.m. to honor those victims and those who have faced discrimination. IRO6D7K ______________________________________________________________ -I • -Af *09eeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwww wwww wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ||H|H|nli|illil 0 

PAGE 12

V 12, ALLIGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2003 Scientists -at UF, UT find gene therapy for disease By Amy Gorin diatrics and genetics at the UT Medical Alligator Contributing Writer Branch at Galveston and the originator of the Brain tissue destruction caused by a rare genetic disorder is a step closer to being prevented. UF and the University of Texas at Galveston scientists have discovered a gene therapy to prevent the fatal tissue destruction caused by Canavan disease. Canavan disease is an inherited brain disorder that becomes apparent in 3to 9-month-old infants. Children with the disease start to regress and lose the ability to move their bodies and focus their eyes, said UF neuroscientist Ronald Mandel. He said the disease makes sufferers into human vegetables. "Some people would say they're better off dying than having to be fed their whole lives," Mandel said. "But these people are mostly existentialists. If we make it so they can walk, they might be able to walk off ledges or walk into traffic." Research has been conducted on mice, but it may take years to apply the therapy to humans, said Reuben Matalon, a professor of peHe expects to spend anywhere between two and five years continuing research on mice before he feels confident to perform research -on children with the disease. The mice used in the study have not been around long enough for scientists to project what behavioral problems might occur, Mandel said. "When we decide to [study humans] there's going to be no chance that we're going to hurt anybody," he said. While the UF and UT at Galveston scientists are performing their study on mice models, The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia simultaneously has been performing research on humans, Mandel said. Matalon said because of rigid institutional guidelines, the hospital is probably being ethical in its research. Guidelines usually require procedures to be completely safe and not cause any infections or new diseases. Speech addresses lack of activity among aging ByParkkSnryth Alligator Contributing Writer Before giving a speech about increasing physical activity among the elderly, an expert in the field took a jog around Gainesville on Tuesday morning. Dr. Wojtek Chodzko-Zajko, a professor and head of the Department of Kinesiology at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, told about 35 doctors and professors at the McKnight Brain Institute he noticed many sidewalks, bike paths and crosswalks that promoted physical activity. Because most cities are not like Gainesville, however, Chodzko-Zajko has led a coalition of more than 50 national organizations to develop a comprehensive agenda to increase physical activity with the elderly. The $20 million campaign relies on medical schools, doctors, marketing and city planners to reduce the number of sedentary older people, Chodzko-Zajko said. He said the program would combat an obesity epidemic that has 40 percent of the population more than 55 years old as sedentary. "Physical activity is not a fad anymore," Chodzko-Zajko said. "It is not something that people can do if they want to. There is really strong evidence to suggest that it is important for prevention, it is important for rehabilitation." Cities should look at readjusting zoning codes to allow stores to be built in neighborhoods and to improve accessibility for those who choose to walk, he said. Candice A. King, communications and outreach assistant director for the Institute on Aging, said Chodzko-Zajko was recruited to speak because of the major role physical activity can play in aging. RESTAURANT OPEN -I 7 DAYS I1AlIP ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT -Lun-odSpedals 11-4 Monda, ra:Q eef -Prime Rib WednesdayChiken& Rice Thursday -Bar-BQ Pork Iatr T" Is thO Test. Tost UsTodpyi STEAK SEAFOOD -0 PRIME RIB I BT R"Q It4TOWNI SUPEJLSPECAALS Fd .& SaL ening "U -HAPPY HOURS 6 TIL CLOSE 1'/2 Oz. POURS "Live Music'EVERY Nightl" MOU.-TUvS Kad & All & Friends, 7.10; JAZZ JAM-: Musicians, Bring Your Instruments WED: DL JeWels 1NUR-FRh Gosla & All SAT: Azure Blue Band SUN: Dance to the Music of Ead, Jas most famous DJ; 1950 & 19Ws Shag & Beach Bop, 4til 8PM "Galnesville's Finest N-ntortelnment"! 2003-2004 Try-outs Hav te oppotumity to be part of the Cator Men's and Women's Bwsl alspirit at all home n g es as well as av aiety of other Sports Monday, April 7th -6:30 p.m. Held in the Basketball Complex Orientation & Regstratio Thursday, April ioth -6:00 p.m. Held in the Gator Room Located nextto Gate 1 at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium Prefimiary nic &Try-out Friday, April lith -5:30 p.m. Held in the O'ConnelCenter Practice Court -Fbuds "Unda .uf13th -9:o00a.m. Held in the O'Cn Ceter Practice Court New Squad Meeting Sunda& Aprl 1h -3:00p.m. -Held in the Gator Room Try-out ppicaons aaila e at the University Athletic Association, Inc. For more c all375-GoUF x669o or visit ww-w.uaa.ufl.edU I ., ............. 

PAGE 13

WEDNESDAY, APRI Court. discusses question of p reference in admit ~..F~EF3 ~ The Assodated Press WASHINGTON -Supreme Court justices vigorously debated the role of race in higher education Tuesday in a pair of cases that could rewrite the rules for affirmative action on campus and beyond. The justices aggressively questioned lawyers, focusing on likely consequences of discrimination and educational opportunity. It was the first time in 25 years that the court had taken up the polarizing question of racial preferences in admissions. People eager to get courtroom seats lined up hours before the cases were heard, and a crowd estimated by police at between 5,000 and 7,000 people gathered outside and on the nearby Mall. Three white applicants rejected by the University of Michigan and its law school are challenging the school's admissions policies as unconstitutional racial discrimination. They contend that black, Hispanic and American Indian candidates with the same qualifications are given preferential treatment. "I have to say that in looking at your program it looks to me like this is just a disguised quota,"Justice Anthony M. Kennedy-told a university lawyer. Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who with Kennedy is considered a crucial swing vote on the issue, .asked skeptical questions of the white applicants' lawyer. "You say [race] can't be. a factor at all. Is that it -is that your position, that it cannot be one of many factors?" O'Connor asked lawyer Kirk Kolbo. Told yes, O'Connor replied that the constitutional argument isn't so simple. "You're speaking in absolutes and it isn't quite that," she said. "I think we have given recognition to the use of race in a variety of settings." The court amassed more than 100 friend-of-the-court filings on the affirmative action cases, an apparent record. Most of the filings backed the idea that affirmative action has a place in American life, from the classroom to the boardroom. The race issue is awkward for the Bush administration, whose most conservative supporters hope the cases will spell the end of all preferences or set-asides for minorities. Bush has not gone that far, pointing instead to what he calls racially neutral ways to achieve campus diversity. The Michigan undergraduate school uses a point system to, screen the thousands of applicants it receives each year. A minority member can get a 20-point bonus out of the system's possible 150, while various measures of academic performance, extracurricular activity and other attributes are generally worth less. The law school uses a vaguer system intended to yield a "critical mass" of minorities in each class. The resulting mix of students from different racial, ethnic, geographical and economic.backgrounds benefits eveIyo, icluding whites, lawyer Maureen, Mahoney argued. "Sure, they're in already," Justice Antonin Scalia exclaimed. "The people you want to talk to are the high school seniors who have seen people visibly less qualified than they are get into prestigious institutions where they are rejected. If you think that is not creating resentment, you are just wrong." Justice Clarence Thomas, the court's only black member, broke his customary silence during oral arguments to question the premise that race-conscious admissions policies furthered a broader social goal of racial understanding and harmony. The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc., publisher of the independent florida alligator and announces the openings for three members of the Board of Directors: 1. Community Member at Large 2. University of Florida Student-at-Large 3. UF Graduate Student with a background in journalism The applications for these unpaid positions are available in the Administrative Offices on the second floor of The Independent Florida Alligator building at 1105 W. University Ave., each weekday between 2 -4 p.m. from now until Tuesday, April 8, 2003. Please do not call. Further information is available at the time an application is picked up. Please allow up to 15 minttes at that time to read information you will need for the application. The application must be mailed or returned to the same office by noon no later than April 15,2003. This is an absolute deadline. Interviews and selections by the Board of Diroctors willbe held atThe Alligator offi esin a meeting open to the pubc, Suny, April 27, 20 begini at 1p.m. Applicants must be present to be considered. Campus Communications, Inc. ks an.Equal Opportunty-Empkqyer UF English Graduate Organization presents "Modernism and the crisis of the egofrom Dora Marsden to Jacques Lacan" 6y Keynote speaker Jean-Michel Rabate 4 April 2003 in the Reitz Union Lecture H411 Room 282 7 pm for more information visit http-/w w.eshrsh.ufl.etfes4conftenceO3/ HAPPYHOUR Bar & Deck Only 2 for I Drinks Dollar Draft 4prClose 7 Days a Week! Biue zi boind in~d 0.a In________________________ a -I 

PAGE 14

14 ,ALUGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2,2003 p MVERS T*R pr 2 SCHOOL RSHPS/p Teresa Porterwins Truman Scholarship The Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation selected University of Florida junior Teresa Porter as a winner of the group's national scholarship for students preparing for leadership in public service. The award consists of a $27,000 scholarship for graduate school and a $3,000 scholarship for the senior year. Porter, from St. Augustine, is doublemajoring in political science and sociology. She is the president of Panhellenic Council and a member of Phi Mu fraternity for women at UF, and is the Florida state coordinator of the Southeastern Panhellenic Conference. Porter studied overseas at the University of Cambridge through a UF study abroad program, and she teaches dance at the intermediate and advanced levels at a local .dance studio. In a policy proposal she was required to write as part of the application, Porter proposed to increase funding to communities supporting programs that follow children .through each stage of development to prevent truancy. Last semester, Porter completed an internship with the Alachua County State Attorney's Office Project Payback program, which seeks to assist juvenile offenders in paying restitution. Truman Scholars are selected for their extensive records of public and community service, their commitment to careers in government or elsewhere in public service, and their outstanding leadership potential and communication skills. The foundation requires students to be nominated by their institutions, and selected 76 winners nationally from 63 colleges and universities. The winners were selected from among 635 candidates nominated by 305 colleges and universities. Nationally, 212 finalists were selected from 144 institutions for regional interviews, and six students represented Florida as finalists. Porter was the only winner selected from the state. The 2003 Truman Scholars will assemble May 18 for a weeklong leadership development program at William Jewell College in Liberty, Mo., and receive their awards in a special ceremony at the Truman Library in Independence, Mo., on May 25. A listing of the 2003 scholars and more information on the foundation are available at www.tru"m14.,. wdpscnt : ofdth Ttmn Scholarship from Guest Column Internationalization of UF to be examined Jill W Varnes Professor Health Science Education and Director Accreditation & New Degree Programs Office of the Provost and Senior Vice President and administrators have been collecting data and reports; analyzing and editing to develop the documents necessary for reaffirmation of accreditation by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools-Commission on Colleges, or SACS-COC. The countdown is to April 7, when a group of 19 individuals lead by Dr. Michael Adams, President of the University of Georgia, will be on campus to assess how well we have illustrated the success of our and operational processes. Five days, 8 hours, minutes and seconds remain on the countdown clock that sits on the corner of Dr. Jill Varnes' desk in Tigert Hall. For the past two years Varnes along with a number of other faculty, staff Colleges and Schools, Centers and Institutes and other campus organizations for a number of reasons. President Charles Young identified internationalization as a critical element in the university's strategic plan. Provost David Colburn has noted that as a state institution we must recognize the value to Florida in preparing more internationally astute graduates. Florida is one of te 10 major immigrantreceiving states in the United States and is heavily engaged in the international economy. Dennis Jett, dean of UF's International Center who chaired the SACS -COC International Focus Committee, recognizes the necessity of internationalization of the curriculum as one way to effectively meet the Open Meetings are scheduled Faculty and staff -2:30 p.m. Tuesday, Reitz Union, Room 282. Graduate and Professional students -10 a.m. Tuesday., Reitz Union, Room 284. Undergraduates -11 a.m. Tuesday, Reitz Union, Room 284. educational programs SACS-COC reaffirms accreditation every 10 years; the University of Florida has maintained continuous accreditation since 1913. For this accreditation cycle, the university has gone beyond the traditional selfstudy and focused on the area of internationalization. The Global UF initiative became a focal point for the self-studies completed by the needs of UF students. One job in five in the United States today is dependent on the international economy. If our students are going to be competitive, the university must ensure they have a global perspective. We believe we have done the work necessary to receive reaffirmation of accreditation, but the real value of this process has been in creating a vision for the university as a truly international community. Through the strategic focus on internationalization, we have had the opportunity to involve a wide range of individuals from across campus. The willingness of individuals across campus to be involved in this process has been remarkable. The complete report submitted to SACS-COC is posted on the Global UF Web site at www.global.ufl.edu. Faculty, students and staff are encouraged to visit the site to learn more about international activities at UF. Sustainability workshops begin this month In an effort to advance University of Florida President Charles Young's goal of making the University of Florida a global leader in sustainability, a series of workshops will begin in April. The 2003 Global Leadership Series workshops will cover various topics involving sustainability, a management practice aimed at ensuring that present actions do not limit the range of economic, social and ecological options available tomorrow. First in the series will be a workshop on the social responsibility of university investment, followed by presentations on turning campus waste into profits for charity, and how UF can become the world's first maGlobaliziug Histo jor climate-friendly uniGlo'bang History, a workshop on t versity. The events will inwill be held Friday and Saturday at UPI clude open discussions i: 1:30 p.m.: R $in Won&~ University of4 and panel commentary to o d inform students, faculty, pam, staff and community 2.45 p.m.: -Ridurd C Fl, UP members on actions UF can take to become a glo.aUw bal leader. All events are free and open to the pubS_, d lic. The series will include ',the following workshops:.. *"Sweatshops and Social Responsibility Insuri ing Investments Grow i God," 4-6 p.m. April 15 i in the DogwoodRoomof j the UF Doubletree Hotel andConference Center. Speakers include the UF ryI the re T'hee C"M Foundation's investment adviser, Dave Ritter of LCG Associates, Mark Sullivan of UBSPaine Webber and Tanya Williams of the Calvert Group. "Waste Not: Reducing and Reusing at UF," 4-6-p.m. April 16 in Rinker Hall, Room 234. Discussion will be led by Al Matysovsky, recycling coordinator for Pennsyltania State University; Sally Palmi, Alachua County Waste Reduction manager; and Gina Hawkins, recycling coordinator for the City of Gainesville. "A Carbon-neutral UF by 2030?" 4-6 p.m. April 17 in Rinker Hall, Room 234. Speakers will include Mark vanSoestbergen, President of the International Carbon Bank workshop to be hold, and Exchange; Ken Varner search and teaching of world history, of the University of North eve idude.. Carolina-Chapel Hill Green Energy Cantpaign; and Tim ini -Irv-me, "Some Chinese '-Hutchins, president of the as' fr ie Oder Side of I b& UF Environmental Action Silkkaz to H Group. The 2003 Global Leader~ ship Series is hosted by Greening UF and co-sponsored by the UF Foundation, the Environmental Action r Group, Student, Government, the UFSus'nability Task fare, the UF: Officof .stainability, Pbow Center for Constrction and Environment, -UFTREEO, the Florida MuscuM of Natural History, T7he Pantry Inc..and the I 

PAGE 15

Student Health Care Center to Alcohol Screening Day April 1( National Alcohol Screening Day will be heeat the Student Heath Care Center on April 10. The focus of the day is to give students the facts they need to make responsible decisions about drinking alcohol. Most students drink responsibly, but too many do not realize the potential costs. of risky drinking, the signs of alcohol poisoning, or how even a moderate amount of alcohol can interact with common medications and affect academic or athletic performance. Students who participate in National Alcohol Screening Day will have the opportunity to complete a brief self-assessment about their drinking habits and talk one-on-one with a health care professional. Information about support groups and treatment programs on campus and in the community also will be provided. Screenings will be held on the front lawn of the Student Health Care Center from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Free pizza and back massages will be provided to participants. Student Mental Health Services also provides online screenings for alcohol, depression, anxiety and eating disorders. These screenings are anonymous and may be accessed 24 hours a day at no charge. The Civil & Coastal Engineering Hosts Byron Spangler Lecture The UF Civil & Coastal Engineering department will present the Byron Spangler Lecture, "Leadership: What it takes to be a leader," with guest speaker Patricia D. Galloway, at 6:15 p.m. April 9 in Weil Hall, Room 270. Galloway is chief executive officer and president of The Nielsen-Wurster Group, an international management consulting firm. In August 2002, she became the first woman selected as president of the American Society of Civil Engineers, or ASCE. The Spangler Lecture Series is named for the late Byron Spangler, former civil engineering profesGalloway sor and mentor to many students. Spangler set the standard for faculty and student cooperation within the department. He received an honorary membership in ASCE for his educational service to the profession. His legacy of caring is carried on by a professorship in his name and this seminar series. The lecture is free and open to the public. For more information, call 392-0926. Gator Wakeboard team wins national championship The Gator Wakeboard and Ski Club competed in the World Wakeboarding Association *Collegiate Wakeboard National Championships in Panama City Beach, with the wakeboard team taking first place in the overall event and becoming the 2003 national champions on March 23. The championship includes use for a year of a new Mastercraft Xstar boat, in addition to $3,000 in equipment and the Chevy Cup Trophy. The event will be replayed at 11 p.m. June 2 on the Outdoor Life Network. "This is a huge honor for the Wake and Ski Club, as well as for the University of Florida. It has brought significant national recognition and attention to the school, and the club would appreciate support from the University for our continued success and the use.of our new boat," said Michael Riva, captain of the team and president of the club. Other team members included Brandon Sack, Joel Cahill, Jordan Spiesman, David Scherling, Lauren Bassett and Veronica Arenas. I participate in national ) screening tools are available on the SHCC www.health.ufl.edu/shcc or they can be accessed dir, lowing address: www.mentalhealthscreening.org/scr( (keyword: gators). For additional information about P, Screening Day, call 392-1171. WEDNSDAY, APIL wuP, home p Tage: dlri#.Wpsent on its Web ectly aon o1sft Ar i! o her campus eening/logjiu.asp events is ek g on to University National Alohol TD hsiwt a.uedu/dgest. • Agkulture seminar --------. .. .. Woodruff recieves another honor William Woodruff, a former University of Florida professor, has been awarded an honorary fellowship from the University of Central Lancashire in England. Woodruff, a graduate research professor in economic history, taught at UF from 1966 until his retirement in 1995 after 50 years in the classroom. The fellowship was awarded to Woodruff to acknowledge his "distinguished achievements and contributions, both as a historian anda novelist." Woodruff has lectured extensively around the world. He has been a visiting professor at Oxford University, Waseda University in Tokyo, and Freie Universitat in Berlin. His research in world history and global development received support from the Rockefeller FounWoodruff dation, the Bank of England and the Japan Society for the Advancement of Science. He has written many books, including his autobiographical World War II novel "Vessel of Sadness," which the Irish Times called "a masterpiece." Others include "Paradise Galore" and, most recently, "The road to Nab End" and "Beyond Nab End," which are best-sellers in England. Wershow lecturer will focus on agriculture Evan Vlachos, a professor of sociology and civil engineering and the associate director of the International School for Water Resources at Colorado State University, will be the 2003 Wershow Distinguished Lecturer April 9 at the University of Florida. His presentation, "The Future of Agriculture in the 21st Century: Surviving in the Era of Globalization and in a Transforming Environment," will be at 4 p.m. in UF's Levin College of Law, Room 190. The lecture series, established in 1985 by James S. and Dorothy Wershow, is sponsored by the Agricultural Law Center in UF's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences. The lecture is free and open to the public. Vlachos received the American Water Resources Association's Ikco Iben Interdisciplinary Excellence Award and the the Colorado State University Oliver Pennock Distinguished Service Award in 1988, as well as the Outstanding Civilian Service Medal from the U.S. Army in 1987. He has served on a variety of national and international commissions, especially on water resources and environment. He is the author of books, monographs and articles on water, demography and futurism. Santanna to lecture on AfroBrazilian human rights Wania Santanna, an Afro-Brazilian at the forefront of the struggle of Afrodescendents, particularly in regard to women's rights, will speak at the University of Florida this week. Santanna will speak on "Affirmative Action in Brazil: Race, Gender and Human Rights" at 4 p.m. Thursday in Dauer Hall, the Ruth McQuown room. The event is co-sponsored by Center for Latin American Studies and Women's Studies. She will meet with students at 5 p.m. Friday in the Reitz Union lounge. Santanna has worked for the Brazilian Institute for Social and Economic Analysis, as the gender consultant for the Federation of Organizations for Social and Economic Assistance, and as director of the Institute fol the Study of Religion. She has a master's degree in women and development from the Institute of Social Studies in the Hague, Netherlands, and has published research on affirmative action and numerous other public policy issues in Brazil. TlJ y Reitz Seminar-cries in Food & Resource Economics presents: "Retention of Agricultural Land in Miami-Dade County: A Challenge for the 21 st Century," by Robert L. Degner, University of Florida. The seminar will be held from 10:30-11:30 a.m Friday in McCarty Hall, Room 1151, and is open to the public. For more information contact AWHodges@ufl.edu, or 392-1881, Ext. 312. Pp Rag football fundraiser U'F suenrt group ~ is sponsoring a flag football tournament from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. on April 13 at Norman Field. Teams and tournaments are separated by gender. The registration fee is $25 per team. Money raised will be used to directly aid children who suffer from cancer, AIDS or malnutrition. The deadline for signing up is 5 p.m. April 10. For more information or to register a team, contact Emily Donelson at gatorgalbb@aol.com, or 375-2314 or visit http://grove.ufl.edu/-recurso/. Registration forms also can be found in the, Hispanic Student Association's office. &-laps and sacred spaces Dr. Mary Watt, a UF assistant professor of Italian, will present "Let him go up to Jerusalem, The Fine Art of Mapping Sacred Space" at an exhibit reception for Tracks to the Promised Land: Selected Maps of the Holy Land at 4 p.m. Sunday in the Smathers Library Special Collections exhibit area on the second floor. 10 Food safety mobile ... aanesvile Will e nrst stop today on a nationwide tour for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's new Food Safety Mobile, an educational vehide staffed by USDA and University of Florida food safety experts with lots of free advice for consumers. UF's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences is sponsoring the Florida tour. The first 200 people who visit the Food Safety Mobile at Albertsons in Gainesville, at 2323 N.W. 13th St., between 3-7 p.m. will receive a free food thermometer. The Gainesville program also will include food-safety demonstrations at 4 p.m., 5 p.m. and 6 p.m. loAgriculture talk T e Cuil uathr r r LM id and Environment Graduate Student Council Distinguished Speaker Series prefnts "The Inevitable End of Agriculture As We Know It," a'talk by Dr. Wes Jakson foune and president of The Land Institut. The talk will be ar3-30Op.m. Friday in the Rtta Union Auitrum. There ~the plk. TPor moe ufo mtg emai p a e ." ... .:."'•. 

PAGE 16

IT, ALLIGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2003 Former Republican director admits to wire interception The Associated Press RICHMOND, Va. -Edmund A. Matricardi III, former executive director of the Virginia Republican Party, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of felony wire intercept for listening in on a Democratic Party conference call, the U.S. attorney's office said. Under terms of a plea agreement, federal prosecutors will recommend that Matricardi serve three years of probation and pay a $10,000 fine. ."o!'This recommendation permits Mr. Matricardi to provide for his wife and two little girls and further continue his appeal that his conduct did not amount to wiretapping," said his attorney, Steven D. Benjamin. Matricardi-had been charged with two counts of unlawful interception of a wire communication, two counts of unlawful disclosure of intercepted wire communications and one count of aiding and abetting the interception of a wire communication. Each of the five counts carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. "Mr. Matricardi never denied that he listened to the call," Benjamin said. "If this case had gone to trial and he had been convicted, the minimum mandatory sentence could have been 18 months in prison." Matricardi, executive director of the state GOP from 1999 until April 2002, was accused of using an access code he had been given by a former Democratic Party staffer to join an interstate conference call on March 22, 2002. Prosecutors accused Matricardi of secretly listening for about 2 1/2 hours and tape-recording the call as Democratic legislators, party leaders and their lawyers discussed strategy in a court battle over legislative redistricting. Matricardi, 34, was indicted by a Richmond Circuit Court grand jury on felony wiretapping charges last April 9. The state charges were later dropped and the case was turned over to federal authorities. Matricardi took a job with South Carolina Republican Party but resigned from that position in January after he was indicted by the federal grand jury. He pleaded innocent Feb. 12, claiming the conference calls qualified as "open meetings" under Virginia laws. Plane hij acker surrenders The Associated Press KEY WEST' In the second hijacking of a Cuban plane in as many weeks, a hijacker claiming to have two grenades surrendered an hour after forcing the aircraft to land in Florida with 32 people aboard. The hijacker was carrying a little boy when he came off the Cuban Airlines plane at the Key West airport and was wearing a red windbreaker with the word "America" stitched in white on the back. He was taken into FBI custody. "He got off the plane with a child in his arms," said Key West Police spokesmap Steve Torrence. When he put the child down, "the little child grabbed his leg," he added. The surrender ended a more than 12-hour ordeal spent largely at the Havana airport, where he demanded that the plane be refueled so it could reach Key West. He had insisted on continuing despite a U.S. official's warning that he would be prosecuted and denied asylum. The man was identified as Adermis Wilson Gonzalez, age 33 or 34, U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said. Gonzalez was traveling with his wife and 3-year-old son, he said. FBI agent Hector Pesquera said no charges had been filed. Translators planned to interview the 24 other passengers -10 men, nine women and four children -and seven crew members. Authorities found two fake grenades after using a bomb-sniffing dog to search the aircraft, Monroe County Sheriff Richard Roth said. A search of Gonzalez's homein Cuba turned up four homemade grenades that had not been armed with explosives, according to a statement read on Cuban state television. The communique also said Gonzalez had been living on the small Isle of Youth, southwest of Cuba's main island. It was unclear how someone could have gotten the purported grenades through heavy security checks at Cuba's airports, especially less than two weeks after a successful hijacking. Passengers left the plane not far from the parked Douglas DC-3 that was hijacked on March 19. Both hijackings took place on Cuban domestic flights from the Isle of Youth to the capital of Havana. GENERAL NUTRITION ENTERS 25% OFF anyone GNC Product Cannot be co ned. Need coupon. Butler Plaza by Target Daily Specials 377-6020 EXR 4-23-03 Are you a male or female between the ages of 18 and 64? If female, have you been postmenopausal or surgically sterile for at least 1 year? Were you diagnosed with Hepatitis C at least 6 months ago? (Documentation must be provided) If SO, we would like to invite you to participate In a clinical research trial of an investigational drug being tested for future use In Hepatitis C. You must not have received treatment for Hepatitis C Drug and Alcohol Testing will be done. Qualfid Participants will receive: 1 Student Government is accepting applications for Cabinet Directors for the 2003-2004 term. Pick up an application in Room 305 of the Reitz Union or visit our website at sg.ufl.edu and click on download for an application. III So This study requires one screening visit, an 18-day, 17-night inpatient stay, and 5 outpatient visits over 18 weeks at our Phase I Unit at 2401 SW Archer Rd., Gainesville, FL. You may receive up to $3325.00 for completing the study. Food and lodging willbe provided to you during your overnight stays. For more information call: Gainesville (352) 265-0763 or Toll-Free (88) 635-0763 Phase I Director: Study Coordinator: SubJect Recrumas: Robert :Thompson AnglW Min Jud SBz4lster Chrs Wood 60211 GRADUATE DEGREE IN BUSINESS FOR NON-BUSINESS MAJORS &IASUlR or/ur~RCl¢ N/IS MANAGEMENT Master of Science in Business Administration Concentration -Management >-Acquire a business knowledge base and enhance your career prospects in only 10 months >-Preparation for a future one-year MBA >-Develop your personal and professional skills >Combined bachelor's/master's option for current UF students You're invited to attend our... Information Session Wednesday, April 2nd 7:30 PM Stuzin Hall Room 103 Consult our website: ww.cba.ufledu n"m Questio : l*" .. .., UF English Graduate Orgar presents Cofeberatiou by Texas film-maker Bill Brown 3April 2003 in the Ham Museum @ 7p.m. for more information visit (ttp://www.english.ufl.edu/¢go/conferenceO3 Laboratory Tests -.S~s'row _UNIVERSITY OF iiii FLORIDA Center fowrClinical Trials-Research ... 410 FlcPF d I -\)-1 .200 _"i. ni nation Par 

PAGE 17

WEDNESDAY, i Son oIf-evangelist-causescontroversy with The Associated Press CHARLOTE, N.C. -Franklin Graham; who enraged many Muslims when he called Islam an "evil and wicked" religion, is stirring more controversy with a plan to send relief workers into Iraq in the Name of Jesus Christ" when the war ends. Samaritan's Purse, the Boone-based relief agency headed by Graham, is poised td provide shelter, water and medical assistance inside Iraq as soon as the military clearance is available. Workers can provide drinking water for up to 20,000 people, materials to build temporary shelters for more than 4,000 families, and household items and medical kits to meet the needs of up to 100,000 people for three months, Graham has said. Some Muslim groups believe Graham has ulterior motives. "Given his past viewpoints, people are suspicious about his real aim, which could be to take advantage of a situation in which people are desperate," said Hodan Hassan, a spokeswoman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations in Washington, D.C. "They will have food in one hand and the Bible in the other." A spokesman for Graham said Tuesday that he will respond to the concerns in an op-ed piece expected to appear Wednesday in the Los Angeles Times. Hassan said Graham, son of famed evangelist Billy Graham, is familiar to the Iraqi people. "The world is getting smaller and smaller every day," she said last week. "His comments about Islam being a wicked and evil religion were broadcast around the world. With that in mind, people will be worried about presence of his organization in Iraq." Graham has never recanted his statements regarding Islam, which put a lot of American Muslims in danger," Hassan said. Graham's post-Sept. 11, 2001 comments on Islam rfiade him a controversial figure at home and abroad. In a TV interview, he called Islam "a very evil and wicked religion." In a subsequent radio interview, Graham criticized Muslim clerics for not apologizing for the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks. Samaritan's Purse, which Graham founded a quarter-century ago, has conducted Christian relief and aid missions in more than 100 countries and has an annual budget of more than $150 million. Samaritan's Purse has worked closely with Christians in Iraq since 1991, said Graham, who first visited Baghdad 30 years ago. A Temple University professor of Islamic studies said he believes that, in this case, Graham should raise money for a nonreligious aid group such as the Red Cross rather than provide aid through Samaritan's Purse. "This is kind of condescending and foolish, to call the religion of some people wicked and then go to help them," professor He argued that any attei*t1 evangelize Islamic Iraqis is likely to be unsuccessful. "Mr. Graham thinks he wants to go and convert the Muslims. But historically, the Muslims have not been easily convertible," he said. Graham has said Samaritan's Purse has been invited by Christians in Iraq to perform relief work. "As Christians, we love the Iraqi people, and we are poised and ready to help meet ther needs," he said in a statement announcing the Iraq initiative. "Our prayers are with the innocent families of Iraq, just as they are with our brave soldiers and leaders." The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc., publisher of 10 the independent florida alligator and announces the opening for the position of Managing Editor / New Medi 0of The Independent Florida Alligator Summer C and Fall Semesters The applications for this paid position are available in The Alligator Administrative Offices on the second floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Ave., each weekday between 2 -4 p.m. from now through Tuesday, April 8,2003. Please do not call. Further information is available at the time an application is picked up. Please allow up to 15 minutes at that time to read information you will need for the application. The application must be returned to the same desk by noon no later than April 15, 2003. THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE DEADLINE. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public, Sunday, April 27, 2003 beginning at 1 p.m. Applicants must be present to be considered. Applicants must be degree-seeking university students. Preference will be given those who have experience at The Alligator. Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer TASTE OFSAJG I A~t~t Vetndows Cuvin. &Vetr1 fMeu Mon -Thurs 11-2:30 Lunch 5-9 Dinner Fri -Sat 11-10 Sun 12-8 cQ Magnolia Parke former Saki Drops Location c Weekday Lunch Specials 4860 NW 39th Ave Suite C 372-8686* www.tasteosaigon2.com UF EnglishGraduate Organizatiol presents InsatiableCfiSCS 3rd Annual UF-EGO Interdisciplinary Conference 3 & 4 April 2003 in the Reitz Union with Keynote speaker Jean-Michel Rabate and film-maker Bill Brown for more information visit http:liwww.english.ufl.eduleolconferenceO5/ I Summer fun i 'car check-up : I I Bring in this ad for: I I I' FREE 25-point safety inspection FREEar Wash : I withpurchase-of 1 $19951o6Achange* -I 3737 N.Ma S 352/-6300 :+ : w-w.turw ofgaasvll +e.com I "I xdmdqesoW ux a"d tmwoowswve fee. Landt 5. .iar tm s5/1103. Mut ~~etlcquipnat tiwf ptu!. ..... ...m+: + + ss'! "+' : i + :__ .TI + + '.-++: !.! I. U 

PAGE 18

• .... .. IW, ALLIGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL.-2, 2003 Israel says peace plan should be re-thought The Associated Press JERUSALEM -Israel's foreign minister said Tuesday the United States is determined to publish a )ideast peace plan soon but Israel would seek changes before accepting it. The Israeli opposition leader, Amram Mitzna, and Palestinian officials said Israel effectively is rejecting the plan, a three-stage .road map" to Palestinian statehood by 2005. The Americans are "determined to publish the road map," the foreign minister, Silvan Shalom, told Israel Army Radio on Tuesday, a day after meeting with President Bush at the White House. Shalom laid down a number of conditions for resuming talks with the Palestinians and said "the road map needs to be adapted." Israel repeatedly has said it accepts the "Bush vision," which is based on a policy speech he delivffed June 24, but has balked at embracing the road map drawn up by the "Quartet" -the United States, the European Union, Russia and the United Nations -outlining implementation of that vision. A diplomatic source said on condition of anonymity that Quartet officials would meet in Brussels, Belgium, on Thursday to discuss the possible publication of the road map and how to monitor compliance by both sides. The source said the monitoring mechanism was expected to be a point of contention. "We expect that after the road map is published the first things they [the Palestinians] must do is halt the terror and the incitement," Shalom said. If the conditions are met, Israel would be a "true partner, exploring all roads to peace." The United States and Britain have said the road map would be unveiled after the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, and his Cabinet are sworn in, probably sometime this month. ., Palestinian leaders met with U.S. representatives Tuesday and were told by acting U.S. consul Jeff Feldman that the United States would set up a ",monitoring mechanism" to make sure the road map was implemented when the Palestinian government started functioning, said Nabil Shaath, Palestinian planning minister. The United States also would push for a roadmap.,s Ao a, -raft presented a yr wth nd es m wa no irae te conWe designed our corporate ladder to make it easier to succeed. IA At Ernst & Young, you will be given the best tools to work with, such as the latest technology, information and resources. And our challenging, high-paced*environment will stretch and grow your capabilities, increasing your opportunities for leadership all along the way. Step on. FORTUNE" TO WORK FORD 1~ II' Ill AN I Ld A L -7 -//// I I I I I IXXV) V///I/llIIIlII \\\ 

PAGE 19

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 21 [IgoU : ...w. UM Mot 0-T)m pp =1 U ~ lHow to place a classified ad: In Person: Cash, check, MC or VISA The Alligator Office 1105 W. University Ave. M -F, 8 am -4pm Hub Customer Service Desk M-F, 8 am -6 pm, Sat.10 am -5. pm By Mail: Use forms appearing weekly in the Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, VISA or checks only. By Phone 373-FIND: Payment by VISA or Mastercard. M -F, 8am -4 pm U~ How to correct or cancel your ad: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND Mon.-Fri., 8-4 pm. No refunds can be given. UWhen will your ad run? Classifieds begin TWO WORKING DAYS after they are placed. Ads placed at the Hub may take THREE days to appear. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds for cancelled ads. 0 All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination." We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. 0 All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. FOR RENT: I FURNISHED *LIVE THE LEGEND* All amenities, cable, close to UF. Come see. Open LATE 377-2777 -23,72-1 Super Clean Studio Walk to ShandsLong-& short term lease Now as low as $345 monthly inc all utilities ph 336-9836 -23-72-1 AStS 3436 SW 42 Ave & 34 ery Large, Quiet, huge patios wo Bed UNFURNISHED $575 7-3149. 4-2S-724 Pr wo WONtltill*tb fl 77' g~w~u Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first day will not be additionally compensated. Customer error or changes: Corrections must be made BEFORE NOON for the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for the correction. U Now on-line at: www.alligator.org N This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as .personal" or 'connections" whether or-not they actually appear under those classifica-tions. We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information. N Although this newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. 1 FOR RENT -FURNISHED Be a Girly Girl Exclusive Residence Hall for Women, steps to Norman Hall and Sorority row. Affordable rent! Brand new kitchen! Sign a lease and get free shoes! All floorplans currently avail, but not for long. Call 3358471 or ThelvyHouse.net 4-23-47-1 FREE STUFF! HUGE 4 & 5 bed apts directly across from Tigert. All-inclutive and individul leases w/ wireless internet. Sign a lease now and get a free pair of shoes to take advantage of your new location -PLUS -Great Rent Specials! Call 372-3557 or check out TheCoortyards.net 4-23-47-1 AVAILABLE NOW ARCHER ROAD IBR apt. Completely furnished & decorated. AN utilities., cable, linens, pots, pahs & dishes -Fenale preferred. Nonsmoker. Hear bus -rou~e $475/mo. Call 372-1191 I FOR RENTFURNISHED $$$ Get Bang for Your Buck$$$ FREE Cable + HBO & Show, Tanning 3/3, & 4/4 from $370/bed 336-3838 4-2340-1 ** EFFICIENCY WALK TO UF ** Clean, comfortable, pvt entrance, parking. $320/mo incl utils. No pets. Call 3768026. 4-14-25-1 2 Rooms available in 4BR/4BA. Brand new -never been lived in. $415/mo 1 MONTH FREE w/1 yr lease. Available immediately. Call 871-3290 4-15-22-1 FORGETTHEDORMS.COM Your next apt is just a click away. #1 APT SEARCH ENGINE. 4-23-26-1 **LOCATION LOCATION** Windsor Hall -Luxury student living just 2blocks to UF. NOW Offering an AllWomen and Co-ed Facilities. Rent includes: furniture, utilities, cable, ethernet, gym, pool, sundeck and much more! Starting @ $350/mo Call 352-3379255 or visit us at www.windsorhall.com 4-23-25-1 Marchwood 2BR/2BA furnished townhouse. Screened porch/deck, W/D. MidMay thru mid-Aug. Incl. utilities, phone & cable. Responsible grad NS student pref. Rent $850/mo. 352-376-9386. 4-4-10-1 SUMMER BEDROOM Master bedroom in 3/2 house, hardwood floors, private 1/2 bath. Everything you need. $325/mo. Matt 386-212-7.277 / 352377-7159 4-2-5-1 Fall 2003 (8/1/03 -7/31/04) 4BR/BA Countryside @ the University Condo. Walk-in closets, pvt full bathrooms, fully furnished, utilities, cable/internet 1BR/1BA avail 4/1/03 -7/31/03 $425/mo 904-333-2674 www.xcopia.com 4-23-20CRYSTAL RIVER New studio apt. Freshwater boat dock. Completely furnished. Summer special. Bring food & clothes & boat. $700/mo. Call 372-0507 4-23-20-1 Wanted: a serious, quiet student for remaining furn BR/BA in 4BR/4BA 2nd floor condo 0 Countryside @ the University. Bldg has locked entry, well lit parking, W/D., walk-in closet, furn common area. $425/mo. Utils paid by owner. Please call for detail 572-6507 or 271-4384 4-2-5-1 Neat University Terrace 4BR/4BA condo. Full kitchen, LR/DR, W/D, cable, internet, utils incl. $365/mo. Male roommates only. 2 rooms avail. 352-335-6134 or 865-6718957 4-11-10-1 Roommate needed. One room in a two bedroom townhouse in Rockwood Villas. Call 352-373-6319 if interested. (Fall 2003) 4-7-5-1 $100 MOVE IN BONUS 1 or 2RM in 4BR/2BA, summer, Sterling. All incl $380/mo 080. 670-9944. 4-7-5-1 LEXINGTON CROSSING APARTMENTS $200 RENT Sign a lease thru July 31, 2004 and rent from now thru July 31, 2003 and rent will be $200 monthly 373-9009. 4-23-16-1 *No Waits for Long Bus Rides *No Security Dep or Redec. Fees, *Super Fast intemet Access *Flexible Leasing Options *Unbelievable Summer Specials *Furnished or Unfurnished Top Rated Staff Oakbrook Walk... gpscale Living for Serious Student 1331-A SW 13th St; 375-4541; www.oakbrookwalk.comn 4-23-16-1 -AUSTIN, Your Mojo's been a big hit with the ladies. I've decided to clone it and sell it in the Alligator classifieds. Cha-chingl Dr. EVil FOR RENT: 2 UNFURNISHED Total Elec., 2 & 3 Bedroom. $375-$500. Cent a/c, pool, tennis, B-ball, waste, pest, lawnmowing. 251b pet $15/mo. M-F 10-3 or by appt. Alamar Gardens. 4400 SW 20th Ave. 373-4244. UF bus line #20. 4-23-72-2 *Gator Place Apts 3600 SW 23 St. 2BR/1BA W/D is optional. Park in front of your apt. Pet play park. $500/mo 3769018. 4-23-72-2 Quiet, clean, lots of green space. Rustic 1BR apt. $325/mo. Call 372-6881 or mobile 213-3901. 4-23-72-2 ACROSS FROM UF Studio's and 1 BR's starting from $350 Luxury 2 BR's from $450 per BR. FREE Parking, OPEN WEEKENDS Available Now and Fall 371-7777 4-23-72-2 LYONS SPECIAL $89 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-23-72-2 CALL WATSON For a complete list of homes and condos go to www.watsonrent.com or call Watson Realty Corp. 335-0440 4-23-72-2 **SLEEP IN LATE** Studios, all utilities included l's, 2's from $449. Pets Welcome Walk or bike-to campus! 372-7111 1216 SW 2nd Ave collegemanor.org 4-23-72-2 BIG IS BEST! 0"1/1, 2/2, 3/2 & Townhouses! 0 Huge floorplans! Now & Fall! 0 Pools Fitness V-ball B-ball 0 Bike to UF 335-PARK 4-23-43-2 HOOTERS Live just steps away from Hooters Studios, 1/1, 2/2 THs& flats, & 3/3 THs Pool, Covered Parking, & Pets OK Filling Fast, Call Today! 338-0002 23-72-2 *SUN BAY Apartments 0 *Grad students $99 Deposit@9 **Walk or Bike to Campus 0 1-1 $440/mo@@@ 2-1 $500/mo www.sunbayuf.com 00 376-67204-23-72-2 DON'T LET TIME SLIP AWAY Luxury 1 & 2BR and 3BR Townhouses ALL Amenities & Gated, 24 hr gym Free Cable & Tanning, Pets OK The Laurels, 335-4455 4-23472-2 **Luxury Apts w/o a Luxury Price** FREE Cable+HBO & Show, Tanning 3/3, 4/4 from $340/bed 336-3838 4-23-72-2 AFFORDABLE STUDENT LIVING, 1& 2 BR apts, Located off SW 20th Ave. From $365 to $450, incl water, sewer, pest & garb. SORRY NO PETS ALLOWED. ASK ABOUT MONTHLY SPECIALS 335-7066. 4-23-72-2 WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? LUXURY LIVING ALMOST FULL! Spacious 1. 2 & 3 Bedrooms! All the perks included! 374-3866 4r23-72-2 OUR RESIDENTS ARE #11 1BR -$430 **2BR -$505 Walk to UF/Shands' Pets Welcome Great Pools! Now & Fail **372-7555 4-23-72-2 -AWESOME LOCATION Hu.2818 Townhoses FEE cab lSO & ho Fitness Center'*Pool*Pets 6 K Leasing NOW/FALL*379-9,255 2 FOR RENT -UNFURNISHED We Have What You Are Looking For! Great Locations close to UF/Shands/Shopping Surf our website @ www.rentgainesville.com Union Properties, Inc. 373-7578 4-23-72-2 Deluxe, large 1,2,3,4,6 BRs 60 seconds to UF. Remodeled, Old house charm. Cent A/C, Washer/dryer incl. Woo~sfloors. With Parking. By Private Owner. $495.00 and up 538-2181 Iv message. 4-23-72-2 Astounding Deals! 1 BR-569,2BR-680,3BR-850,4BR-1 140 Alarm, FREE UF parking, bball, tennis We love pets! Open Weekends. Fall Specials, call 376-4002 4-24-67-2 Bigger Than A House! 2BR TH 1113 SF! 4BR TH 1662 SF! W/D, Alrm! Free Gym & UF Prking! Avail Now/Fall! Pets OK! 332-7401 4-23-72-2 Deluxe, large One Bedroom, 60 seconds to UF. Wood floors, was-her dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Private Owner. Avail June or August $595 & up. 538-2181 Lv Message. 4-2372-2 *LUXURY LIVING* l's, 2's, 3's and Rm. Match! Free Tanning, cable and more! Open til 10! 377-2777 4-23-72-2 ***UNION PROPERTIES*** For a full list of our properties Go To www.rentgainesville.com" You'll find your next home here! 373-7578 4-23-72-2 LOSE YOURSELF IN LUXURY HUGE 2/2 & 3/3 luxury townhms W/D, vaulted ceilings, screened porch, Pets OK-DOG PARK! Now & Fall! Open weekends! 377-2801 4-23-72-2 Close to UF & Bus Route Rooms for Rent $350/mo Some util. incl./Indiv leases Roommate matching @ University Terrace Condos Union Properties 373-7578 4-23-72-2 ATTENTION STUDENTS OTumblin CreekAlmost new 2BR/2BA townhomes completely equipped including W/D & security system. $650/mo Call 372-7755. ARS Associates Realty Services www.associatesrealty.com 4-23-722 BRIGHT CLEAN 2BRIIBA FLAT MUST SEE A/C, DW, W/D hookups, tile or carpet,patio, 850 sq ft, bus line, pets considered. $535 278-0978. 4-23-72-2 AROUND UF 2 bedroom $455-$495 Gore-Rabell Real Estate Inc. 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 4-23-72-2 Deserve the Best 1, 2 & 3BRs just for YOU! Free tanning, garages & 24hr fitness. *Only 1.9 miles to UF* Open Weekends. 372-0400 4-23-,72-2 A great deal in Gainesville! New 2BR1/2.5BA" townhouses w/ WtD, monitored alarm, jacuzzis, pool, tanning beds, & much much more. Starting at $795/mo w/ great move-in special. 352-692-0475 4-23-53-2 **LUXURY BY SORORITY ROW** 2BR/2.5BA Townhomes,WD,disbwashe r Monitored alar'm, Pets Welcome! Leasing NOW and Fail '03! Call 372-711 4-23-72-2 Classifieds... 

PAGE 20

-.,~ .~A-. ALLIGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL-2,2003 2 FOR RENT.UNFURNISHED WANNA BE SPOILED Live pampered in our 2/2 & 3/3's! Tanning*Cable* Ethernet*Free TV Luxury Awaits! 374-3866 4-23-72-2 LUXURY at UF Convenience of the dorms, But with your own Private Bath. W/D, alarm, Pets OK, from $460/BR OPEN WEEKENDS 371-7777 4-23-72-2 **IBD & 2BD BEAUTIFUL' **NEW kitchens, tile, carpet, paint" 1BD-over 800 sq ft@@ $575/mo 2BD-over 1,100 sq ft*0$650/mo Close to UF/Shands, pets OK $150 off deposit 376-2508 4-23-59-2 ABSOLUTELY HUGE! NEW kitchens, carpet, paint, tile New gym, pools, tennis, tanning .oil 3BD & 4BD townhouse FROM $258 per person Close to UF & Shands $350 off deposit • 376-2507 4-23-59-2 ** *LIVE LIKE A STAR *** FREE Tanning*Gym*Pool* Spa Attached Garage*Alarm*Gated Limited Availability! 1,2,or 3 BR CALL NOW! 338-0003 4-23-72-2 Specialnear UF/hospitals, SW 2br/1.5ba carpet, lots of storage, eat-in kitchen, $485 Ed Baur Maragement Inc. 375-7104 edbaurmanagement.com 4-23-51-2 1BR & 2BR/1BA with W/D, central heat/air, dishwasher, ceramic tile, private patio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th St. near bus rt. From $499 Serenola Manor 3771633. 4-23-79-2 ACROSS 0 1 Ring around the castle 5 "Roots," for one 9 Rank above maj. 14 Machu Picchu resident 15 Gem for some .Libras 16 West Indies island 17 Hold out 19 Suppress 20 [Quoted verbatim] 21 Seniors' gp. 22 Spotted 23 Inuit transport 25 "Gerontion" poet 27 Word with baseball or oyster 29 Rest 32 Buddist shrines 35 Chop 36 Seize 39 Hold back 42 Private eye 43 Golden calf, e.g. 45 Dutch beer brand 47 Quarterback's call 50 Wrap tightly 54 Like some underwear 57 Chef protector 58 "Finally!" 60 Bring up 62 Pt. or qt. 63 Gadget with a G perforated bottom 64 Hold up 66 Toughen 67 Reliever's success 68"-in the Money" 69 Keyed in 70 Israeli weapons 71 In addition f DOWN 1 Wife .2 GoodWay topa 3 Mimoa hw* K tree ; : :?!-' : ... 4 Beachgoer's goal 5 Parlor piece 6 In different places 7 Pants 8 PC key 9 Dog star 10 Surveyors' supports 11 "Stop that.' 12 One of the reeds 13 Get to shore 18 Largest Siouan tribe 22 Inventor Whitney 24 Buffoon 26 Martinelli and Schiaparelli 28 Gist 30 Itty-bitty 31 First US capital 33 Sacred song 34 Withdrawal site 36 Zip 37 Toothpaste raters' org. 38 Hold in 2 FOR RENT -UNFURNISHED Deluxe, large One Bedroom, 60 seconds to UF. Wood floors, washer, dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Private Owner. Avail. June $595. 5382181. Lv Message. 4-23-72-2 GOT WOOD? 1 and 2 BR's with WOOD FLOORS From only $555! 1 block from UF! Pets OK -OPEN WEEKENDS 1620 University Ave 371-7777 4-23-70-2 3 TIMES THE FUN! 3BR's just steps from UF! HUGE living room, courtyard setting, PETS OK, from just $355 per person! OPEN WEEKENDS 371-7777 4-23-70-2 NEWLY REMODELED ST's and 2BR's at UF Limited available Now and Fall. From $549 Free Parking. OPEN WEEKENDS 371-7777 4-23-70-2 Walk to Campus, lbr & 2br duplex, 1414 NW 1st Ave, all new floors, appliances, $550 & $650, Ed Baur Management, Inc. 375-7104. edbaurmanagement.com 423-72-2 ALL YOU WANT AND MORE!! 1, 2 & 3BR's for fall. Great locationPets Welcome, Park across UF free. Pool, clubhouse, fitness, b-ball, alarms. Call 373-1111, get-in on the greatness! 4-2369-2 Totally remodeled, 1BR/1 BA, 2BR/2BA & 3BR/2BA. New carpet, Italian tile, cent AC/H, covered patio, DW, verticals. Some w/ W/D hook-up, pool. $395, $495, $675. Some in walking dist to UF. 332-7700. 4-23-68-2 Designated drivers are the greatest. 40 'none of your business" 41 City SSW of Hacke nsack 44 French port on the English Channel 46 Swimmers unit 48 Plant over 49 Gallery display 51 Go abroad 53 Menu listing 55 Ball's partner 56 10th century pope 58 -happens: coincidentally 59 Like Albee's Alice 61 Big hearts? 64 The Wildcats of the Big 12 Cont. 52 Round-trippers 65 Be overdrawn ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE: AH IEM BAlYS CHI 1E TON NO A MO0K LloIVSIYI ILQITiII ARIGIUIE Stumped? Call 1-900-226-4413. 99 cents a minute 2 FOR RENT -UNFURNISHED 2 University Terrace Apts Fall leases available! $365/mo. per room inc. some utilities. Roommate Matching Available. Individual leases for 4BR4BA. Union Properties, Inc-373-7578 4-23-67-2 Historic Apartments. Ceiling fans, hardwood floors, high ceilings, some w/fireplaces. 1, 2 & 3 Brs. First, last, security. Downtown location. No dogs please. 3783704. 4-23-65-2 3BD/2.5BA townhouse ONLY $775/mo Brand new kitchen, baths Carpet, tile, gym and more Great location to UF!. $250 off deposit 0 376-2507 4-23-64-2 GET THE MOST FOR YOUR MONEY! Almost new 2BR/2.5BA townhouse with W/D, alarm sys., fully equipped kitchen, front door parking, & concrete block party walls for noise abatement. Great location close to UF & shopping. $675/mo 3320034 4-23-59-2 Spacious 2BR/1BA $200 OFF 1st month rent for limited time2/15/03. W/D hook ups, pets ok, $575/mo. Available now! 372-0300. Contemporary Management Concepts Inc Licensed Real Estate Broker. 4-23-54-2 SPYGLASS Luxury 1, 2 & 3BR apts. Act now on our great move-in specials. Offering 1 month FREE rent on conventional and individual leases and 2 months FREE on furniture packages. Mon thru Fri 9am to 6pm, Sat 10am to 3pm. 701 SW 62nd Blvd. 373-6330 Contemporary Mgmt Concepts, Inc. Lic R.E. Broker 4-23-53-2 Paradise in the City! Well located, yet secluded 1, 2 and 3 bedroom houses and apts, 2 blks to UF. Lots of amenities. Call 376-6223 for more information! 4-23-47-2 Walk to Tigert! Historic 1BD/1BA with lots of charm and personality. 2 blks to UF. Newly renovated exterior, must see! DSL internet included. Call 376-6223. 4-23-47-2 Live like A King! WALK 2 blks to campus from Royale Palms! Brand new 1, 2 & 3 bed apts. TONS of amenities! Each W/D, color tv in kitchen, high-speed Internet, & MUCH MUCH more! Check our website for pictures and progress at TriMarkProperties.com OR, call 376-6223. Avail July 2003. 4-23-47-2 Study In Silence 1 & 2 bdrm apts w/ great location behind Norman Hall. Large closets, central H/AC and free parking. Thick walls for quiet living. Call 376-6223 or TriMarkProperties.com 4-23-47-2 Walk to the O'Dome 1BD/1BA loft apt. across from FL Field & the O'dome. 600 sq.ft. in lush -wooded area. Lots of storage. Steps to campus! 376-6223 or TriMarkProperties.com 423-47;-2 .Save $$ with coupons from the Alligator FOR RENTUNFURNISHED 2 FREE RENT FOR I MONTH ON LUXURY 1,2 & 3 BDRM APTS!! 2 MONTHS FREE.RENT ON FURNITURE PKG. CALL SPYGLASS.APTS FOR DETAILS. 373-6330. LIMITED TIME ONLY. CONTEMPORY MGMT. LIC. R.E. BROKER 4-23-43-2 $200 OFF 1ST MONTH RENT ON SPACIOUS 2B/1BA APTS. AVAILABLE NOW. W/D HOOKUPS, PET OK. $575/MO 372-0300 CONTEMPORARY MGMT. CONCEPTS LIC. R.E BROKER 4-23-43-2 WATERFRONT VIEWS & PVT COURTYARDS AVAIL. 1,2,3 BR SPECIALS I MONTH FREE RENT SIGN BEFORE 2/28/03. LAKEWOOD VILLAS APTS. 371-8009. CONTEMPORARY MGMT CONCEPTS. LIC. R.E. BROKER 4-23-43-2 1 MONTH FREE RENT 2 BR MOVE-IN SPECIAL! GATED COMMUNITY, PRIVATE COURTYARDS. WOODLAND VILLAS 332-3022. LIMITED TIME ONLY. CONTEMPORARY MGMT CONCEPTS. LIC R.E. BROKER 4-23-432 WE TREAT YOU RIGHT I Bedroom -$430** 2 Bedroom -$505 *Sparkling Pools & Nice Courtyards *Quiet Community" Walk to UF/Shands *Pets Welcome ** Now & Fall" '372 7555 4-23-43-2 THREE BEDROOMS -HUGE! For ONLY $750/month TOTAL! Huge floorplan! 'Water/Sewer incl Bike to UF' Now & Fall! Pools/Fitness/B-ball/V-ball *335-PARK 4-23-72-2 #1 WOO HOO! 1 BR 150 ft. from UF! 2 BR by sorority row! free parking, pool, pets welcome! 372-7111 4-23-43-2 A cheerful house for people and pets. Close to UF, Stores, Park 3BR/1 BA at 208 NW 35th St. $825/mo. Call 374-6905. 423-42-2 OLarge 2BR Duplex* Near University Extreme large screen porch 22 ft x 10 ft overlooking a private fenced back yard. Multi use added room 22 ft x 10 ft. W/D + many more extras. Only $400 deposit + $675/mo. 1710 SW 38th Terrace #B. Call 352-372-3131 or 352-376-5095. 4-2342-2 115 STEPS FROM CAMPUS!! Luxury -Opposite Library Westl Beautiful 2BD/2BA...all amenities LOOKING GLASS APARTMENTS Call 376-1111 or Come by 111 NW 16th St. #6 4-23-45-2 NEED SECLUSION IN SW? Brighton Park is your answer. Spacious 2BR/2.5BA townhomes. W/D. New 2000. Pool, numerous amenities. Super specials. 4415 SW 34th St $795 692-0475 4-23-33-2 499 Daily Lunch Specials Happy Hour 4pm -9pm 2-4-lApps,.e $10 0Drafts All-You-Can-Eat Specials M~on, -Thurs 4-9pmn WEDNESDAY Star Search Comedy Tour 7:00 pm FREE Wells & Drafts for Ladies $1 Bud Light for Everyone DJ -Eric -Old Wave Dance Party 1728W. nIvesiyAve. *377733FOR RENTUNFURNISHED 4 rooms in 4BRI4BA available now $370rent includes utilities and Furnished living room. Lease is negotiable and ends July 31. Cal!871-4632 or 27t-7307 4-4-26-2 MILLRUN CONDO NOW AVAIL. 2BR/1.5BA, .1,000 sq.ft., W/D hkups. VERY NICE & CLEAN. $565/mo. Call 379-0619. 4-23-38-2 BETTER THAN A HOUSE Enormous 3BR/3BA Luxury Apts. FREE Cable W/HBO & Show 24hr. Maintenance & Alarm Pets Welcomh**379-9255 4-23-40-2 **ELLIE'S HOUSES.FOR RENT** Qualitysingle family homes. Rbserve now for Aug 1st. www.ellieshouses.com 352215-4991 or 352-215-4990 4-23-34-2 3BR/2BA HOUSE. Available Aug.. 1st. Close to campus. Large fenced yard, cent A/C, $1 100/mo. 3423 NW 1st Ct. Drive by then call Marty 373-7724. 4-23-33-2 AFFORDABLE SECURITY Spacious 2BR, customized security gate, ceiling fans,, balcony. Second level on cul-de-sac. 825 SW 62nd Terr $375/mo Pvt owner, Iv mssg 331-2099 4-4-20-2 Affordable 1 & 2 BR/1BA apts, biking distance to UF, totally renovated, including new appliances. Great move-in specials! 501 NW 15th Ave. Call 692-0475. 4-2327-2 HISTORIC HOUSE SE 4th St near GRU. Wood floor, ceiling fans, cent AC/H, porch, off-road parking, 10 min to UF, W/D hk up, Ig backyard. $740/mo 3783704. 4-4-18-2 AMAZING DOWNTOWN CONVENIENCE Studios, 1/1, 2/2 THs & flats, & 3/3 THs Pool, Covered Parking, & Pets OK Just Steps to Everything Downtown!! Filling Fast, Call Today! 338-0002. 4-23-31-2 *Cruise into Savings* New Apartments from $538 AMAZING special call 332-4300 4-23-26-2 SUMMER/FALL $400 VERY QUIET, 1BR apt Ig, liv/din rm, Ig BR, spacious ktchn, pvt patio, carpet, fans, bus, by UF, clean, safe, green space, lawn & trees. No dogs. 1825A NW 10 St 376-0080 4-4-20-2 Adorable 11BR apt. Move in special. Pets welcome. Call 3720118 4-23-28-2 QUAINT 1BR/1BA APT IN HISTORIC VICTORIAN HOUSE. Hardwood floors, high ceilings, fans, AC/heat, avail Aug. 1. 225 SW 3rd Ave. $425/mo 376-2184 4-715-2 ** "2-Blocks to UF" ** Upstairs of house makes 2BD apt. Cent A/C, carpet $575 mo 311 NW 11th St. 375-8256 ** One Block to UF* 3BD 1-BA-intage cottage,_ cent a/c $1100 mo. 1325 NW 3rd Pl. 375-8256 4-23-27-2 I* 1-Block to UF ** 3BD 1BA Big house, yard & screened porch, WD hookup. 1326 NW 3rd Pl. $1300 mo. 375-8256 4-23-27-2 Located Behind Swamp* BIG 2BD House, HW floors cent A/C, Fireplace $850 mo. 1835#1 NW 5th Ave 375-8256 4-23-27-2 ** WALk to UF ** 2BD iBA duplex W/ parking 1328 NW 3rd Ave $675 mo 375-8256 4-23-27-2 HISTORIC HOUSES DOWNTOWN FOR RENT Hardwood floors, high ceilings, tile floors, W/D, 38R/1 BA, 2BR/1BA, $650 to $350. See at: Pleasantstreet.net. 3713571. 4-815HOUSES1 lm to UF now & fat1 331-095 816 NW 37th Dr now 3/2faro rm i$130* "61-1 NW 341h Terr fal 312-falmm $ 1200 1802 NW 38th Terr fall 3/2 ,capOrt $850 630N1W 35th. St now 3/2 fam rm $1200 4-23-28-2......•.. ki Los Angeles Times Daily Crossword Puzzle Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis ay .• i i .... r • I "L • • K mommoopp-m-MI-Im-- 

PAGE 21

i I.• 2 OR RENT UNFRINISHED 2 FOR RENT -UNFURNISHED 2 FOR RENT UNFURNISHED ***CUTE, QUIET, CLEAN*** Must See Magnolia Manor Apts. Stylish 2BR/2BA, W/D alarm, skylights, 10' ceilings, front-door parking, pets 'ok. $600/mo 371-1072. 4-8-15-2 $199 MOVES YOU IN! 1, 2, 3 & 40R apt homes Close to campus & Butler Plaza On Bus Rt Towne Parc Apts 375-3072. 4-23-26-2 Cute 1BR duplex in quiet NW area behind Applebee's. wood floors, large fenced yard, some utilities included. Available now. $395/mo.338-7670. 4-7-14-2 For Rent or For Sale! 2Br house in SW near Butler Plaza. Large fenced yard, quiet + private. Perfect for handyman. May owner finance! Rent $475; Buy: 45k 338-7670. 4-7-14-2 Cute, Quiet, Clean! 3BR/2BA house in NW wood floors, CH/A, dishwasher, washer/dryer, bike to UF, walk to stores, Be near bus stop, $880/mo 338-7670. 47-14-2 Vintage 4BR/2-1/2 BA house in quiet NW area near Applebee's. Wood floors, CH/A, laundry hook-ups, nice open porches avail NOW! $1150/mo. Others avail. 338-7670. 4-7-14-2 $129 moves you in! 1 month FREE RENT Move in ASAP. 2BR's from $799. Full size W/D, pool, direct campus access. 3769607. 2360 SW Archer Rd. Pebble Creek Apts. 4-23-26-2 Accepting contracts for fall now! Indiv leases for top floor condos at Countryside 4000 SW 23rd St. Pvt ba w/ea BR utils, furn, living area, W/D incl. Great rates, low depst. 904-261-9840. 4-8-15-2 Room in private family home. Share bathroom. All utils and cable incl. W/D use & kitchen priviliges. Non-smoker, no pets. References required. No lease $350/mo 352-378-7496. 4-15-20-2 SOLVE YOUR PARKING PROBLEMSWalk to campus from Anglia (NW.15th St & 6th Ave). Leasing now for Fall-03. Modern apts, cen H/A, W/D, monitored, secsys & designated parking. 1 yr lease: 1st, last & sec. 4BR/2BA $1150; 3BR/2BA $950: per mo. Some immediate vacancies avail at discounted rates. Call 386-4624252 for appt. 4-23-26-2 ONLY BLOCKS TO UF. 4BR/2BA houses starting'* $1200/mo 1 avail 5/1, others avail 8/1. 3BR/1 or 2 BA houses starting @ $900/mo avail 8/1. 2BR/1BA apts. Starting @ 475/mo prefer grad students or seniors. 1 avail now, others avail 8/1. 1 BR/1BA apts starting @ $440/mo. 1 avail 6/1 others Avail 8/1. Call. Carol 377-3852 or 284-9726. 4-8-15-2 DUCK POND EFFICIENCY. 2nd floor apt. 2 miles from campus. A/C, parking, storage. Cats or small dog OK. Available May 1st. Rent $400/mo, 1st & last @ signing + all utils. 371-7149; Iv mssg 4-2-10-2 1 blk from UF. Avail May. 3BR/2BA $1100; 2BR/1BA $700; 1BR/1BA $450; or rooms $350-300. 1 yr lease, sec dep. NS, No pets. Call 352-870-7256 4-2-10-2 **WALK TO UF** Located behind Norman Hall Library, Gorgeous All-inclusive Studio Apts. Starting 0 $575/mo Call (352)-337-9255 4-23-25-2 WALK TO O'DOME 2 bedroom 1 bath, Duplex, new paint, Vertical blinds, 110 NW 21st Street. Move in today, some pets ok, Only $495 Very quiet/very clean. Spacio $500. 2BR/IBA -carpet, Ig L hook-ups, util rm, fans, bus green space, no dogs 1824 IN 376-0080 4-4-10-2 WORK ON HORSE FARM IN EXCHANGE FOR RENT. Flex hours. Wonderful garden cottage, Micanopy 591-2474 4-4-10r%~--.1AI I A~ Dy UaVIO L. HOYT CLUE 1. Crazy 5. Upper area 6. Fad 7. Defer CLUE ACROSS DOWN 1. Hounds 2. Spots 3. Social unit 4. Attain a desired end BONUS 4-2-2003 ANSWER ROSBEKN TCITA ZARCE PSSDNEU ANSWER EGES BLA TONCISE NCEALEV UEDESCC CLUE: A German educator coined this term in the mid-1800s -Ai140* *** 7 BLOCKS TO.U.F. *** 3 large BD/2BA, study, cent A/H, hwfloors, ceiling fans, screened porch, washer/dryer 105 NW 7th Terr $1150. 904-631-0292 4-7-10-2 *** DOWNTOWN *** AVAILABLE NOW! Quaint 1BR apt. w/ fenced yard. Recently renovated. 216 SW 3rd Ave. $380/mo. Call 371-3260 4-7-10-2 LARGE PRIVATE ROOM 3 blocks to UF for male student. Share kitchen, bath, W/D. Cent A/C, parking. Avail now or May 1st No pets. $200/mo + share utils 3722284. 4-8-10-2 LARGE & AFFORDABLE 2BR/$500 + 3BR/$600 + Granada Apts. 378-4969 1800 NW 4th St..0 4-8-10-2 CONDO FOR RENT IMMACULATE, SPACIOUS 2BR/2BA w/garage @ Newberry & 50th Blvd. Available 5/1 $1250/mo + deposit. Prefer longterm lease. Call 352-379-1390. 4-14-14-2 2BR/1BA, 1400 sq ft. $600/mo. $100 off 1st. New paint tile. Quiet neighborhood. Call 335-9657. 4-3-7-2 FREE UTILITIES! $400/mo, incl. everything. 4/4 condo in University Terrace. Private room + bath. Pool, internet, Avail 5/7. More info www.emsys.net/uf/room.html 256-6734. 4-15-15-2 Close to Norman HalI/UF Year lease from ous & safe Aug 16th Cent A/H Parking. No pets. LR & BR's, 1BR/IBA efficiency 1022.5 NW 4th Av. near UF, $325/mo 3BRI2BA house 1022 NW 4th MW 10th St Av. $960/mo 2BR/I1BA duplex 910 SW 6th Av $550/mo 4BR/2BA house 605 SW 9th' St. $1400/mo. Call 665-0144 4-4-8-2 3BD/BA for rent @ University Terrace. Washer/dryer, free cable, on bus route, individual leases. $325/mo. Call Ted 0 514-1075 4-9-10-2 3 unfurn BR/BA w/furn common area in 2nd floor condo 0 Countryside 0 the University. W/D, walk-in closets, $350/mo. Call for details 572-6507 or 271-4384 4-2-5-2 TOWNHOUSES! HUGE! Only $605/month for 2 bedroom! Water/Sewer included in rent 1180 sf! Fitness*Volleyball*Basketball*Pools! Pets Welcome! 335-PARK 4-23-19-2 ***Pool Home, Close to Campus*** 3/2 split plan, wood firs, fireplace, fenced yard. Pool svc, yard maint includ in rent. $1400/mo. 1325 NW 10th Ave. Ph. 4664171, leave message. 4-7-7-2 Lovely 1BR apt for rent in beautiful old house. Cornel st NW 3rd Ave & 10th St. Call 352-219-5480 or 386-462-5452. 4-1010-2 2BR/1.5BA, W/D Hkups. Dishwasher, garbage disposal, ceiling fans, newly painted, has blinds. 1st floor. $440/mo. On bus route. Call 332-7298 4-4-5-2 AVAILABLE MAY 1st. Spacious 3BR/2BA home. Close to UF. Big fenced yard. Clean & nice. $900/mo. Call 378-4684 43-4-2 Apartment for rent 1BR in 2BR/2BA apt. On Route 12. Call Kristen 271-1236 4-45-2 DUCK POND! 1/2 MONTH FREE! Large studios & bedrooms w/ wood floors, high ceilings, water & pest control in-cluded, $420-$475/rent cats considered, 414 NW 5th Avenue. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-11-9-2 MILE RUN -beautiful 2BR 2BA In great NW neighborhood, vaulted Living room ceiling, washer & dryer, Huge enclosed porch, pool & clubhouse, $800/rent, 3733 NW 56th Place. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com BIG & CHEAP! Spacious 2BR Apartment, laundry hookups, dining & Living rooms, $395/rent, 535-C NW 26th Ave. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-11-9-2 LEASE THRU DECEMBER! 1/2 month free! 2BR 1.5BA duplex, walking dist. to UF, CH/AC, vaulted ceilings in living room, $550/rent, 805 NW 3rd Ave. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-11-9-2 $100 OFF FIRST MONTH'S RENT 1 & 2 BR apts. avail. Close to SFCC, 1-75, & Oaks Mall. Pets welcome. Call 3325070. 4-23-17-2 A+ FOR SPACIOUS APTS! 1 & 2 BR apts. avail. Free basic cable, W/D hook-ups, closets galore, & more. Pets welcome. Call 372-9913. 4-23-17-2 0 DUCKPOND m/f prof/grad n/s. 3BR spacioius house: DSL, W/D,DW, wood floors, huge fenced yard (trained pets only) start 8/1 (perhaps 6/1) $350/mo 371-0854. 4-7-5-2 4BR/4BA Countryside @ Univ. Avail. 5/3/03 or fall. Pvt bath. Walk-in closets. W/D, TV, DSL avail. Part furn $425/mo utils incl. F NS. No pets. mudlizardl @cfl.rr.com 4-8-5-2 SCRABBLE" is a trademark of Hasro in the US and Canada. @2003 Hasbro. Distibuted by Tribune Media Services, Inc. All rights reserved. 0000000 L-I -iiir INlI lD2I 3I~~i II iiii -I Fm~I~IIiE Fj iI lRil ii liFl I, N iII5G R~j~ Ri FI I -~1 I Ril~ !-K [El i] 3 !]]R, ]N @Fs] PAR SCORE 140-150 BEST SCORE 207 3rd Letter Double Triple Word Score IZ ] RACK I RACK 2 RACK 1 FOUR RACK TOTAL TIME LIMIT: 20 MIN DIECTIONS: Make a 2to 7-letter word from letters in-each row. Add -kt of inch Woid, usqIn scoring tdrwa at right Fhwiy, 7-ett words get 50point bous. a used ,as y V.letlmr e no point value. All the words • : .. ..,3 .. ... ..e .,h .O-ica SCRABBLE" m P t oW I • ,. io.. Fermem pin hpum an .scialppi to r-A---10mmmaimi ***CLOSE TO LAW SCHOOL*** Large 3BR/1BA house, study, 2 living rms, lots of space, huge yard, great neighborhood, big oak, carport, W/D, room for garden. $1120/mo 871-8280. 48-5-2 2BR/1BA duplex in SW Linton Oaks. W/D hkups., sec system, $450/mo. Ist, last & sec dpst. 376-7014. 4-10-7-2 1700,sq ft townhouse. 2BR/2BA. All new appliances, fireplace, screened-in porch. Millhopper area. $900/mo furn. $850/mo unfurn. Call 352-373-5090 or 305-9619414. 4-11-8-2 **10 BLOCKS TO UF** Historic apts & houses near downtown. 3BR/3BA $625; 3BR/1BA $515; 2BR/2BA $600; 2BR/1BA $490; 1BR/1BA $395; Studio $310, 214-9270. 8-18-66-2 ROOM FOR RENT 4 miles from Santa Fe, 2 from UF. Ir cludes A/C, washer, dryer and a monitored security system. $300 a month. Call 352-373-8359. 4-8-5-2 1BR LOFT APTS. 650 & 750 sq ft. Starting @ $430/mo. Quiet, wooded setting. FREE monitored alarm system. Village Loft Apts. 6400 SW 20th Ave. Call 3320720. 4-23-16-2 AVAIL FOR SUMMER Walk to Campus! Large 2BR 1BA Apts. 840 sq ft with Central A/C $515/MoInclds Wtr, Swg, Garbage & Pst Ctrl. St Croix Apt: 829 SW 5th Ave. Call Merill Management Inc. 372-1494. 4-3-2-2 AVAIL FOR SUMMER 1BR 1BA Apt 3 BIks from UF! $440/Mo. Has xtra rm for Study. 1029 SW 3rd Ave. Call Merill Management Inc. 372-1494. 4-3-2-2 2BR 1BA Apt with Tile Floors Near Walmart/Kmart NW 13th St. $395/Mo 2901 NW 14th St. Call Merill Management Inc. 372-1494. 4-3-2-2 AVAIL FOR SUMMER 1 Block from UF! 2BR 1BA Apts, Nice!! Central H & Air, Carpet 1234 SW 1st Ave, 1236 SW 1st Ave & 1236 SW 4th Ave, $550 to 625/Mo Call Merill Management Inc, 372-1494. 4-3-2-2 SUBLEASE: 3 HOUSE/APT LUXURY TOWNHOUSE 2BR/2.5BA 2 blocks from campus. Convenient location. Alarm system. $600/mo Unfurnished, W/D, DW, microwave. Call 338-1593. 4-16-31-3 Summer sublease avail in Exchange. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA for May, June & July. PRICE NEGOTIABLE. Call Jessica 407-463-5699. 4-15-30-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA Apt. 2 blks from UF. Available summer A & B. Furnihsed or not. Great location. $515/OBO. Call Jordan @ 219-0071. 48-20-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE -1BR/1BA apt. Very close to UF. Available May 5 $300/mo. Call 371-3446 4-3-15-3 $300 1BR in 2BR/2BA furn, W/D, cable, alarm, close to UF. Negotiable. 305-9051042. ERIKADSB•UFL.EDU 4-2-11-3 Beautiful historic 1BR• NW area, spacious, wood floors, vaulted ceilings, sun",room. 3 blocks from down.town. Avail 5/1-8/30. furn/unfurn, $540/mo. 352-3380675. 4-8-15-3 *** Summer Sublease*** Walk to Class! 1630 NW 2 Ave 1/1 in 2/2 townhouse. Avail May-Aug Price Neg. Call 335-7533. 4-8-15-3 111 in a 3/3 apt in The Exchange w/everything included. Avail May 1 thru Aug $500 NEG. Female only. Call Nicole 352378-9305 4-2-10-3 MUST SEE! 10RIBA or 2BR/28A in CAMPUS tODGE! Utilities Included! Great Poo!, Weightt Roon! $480/mo 080 3381473 4-0-15-3 -". t~tSmamma" FOR RENT -UNfURNISHED 2, •FO • f I i r ., i i I 

PAGE 22

ALLIGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2,'2003 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTMENT GREAT SUBLEASE! Female needed for May thru Aug! 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA G'ville Place, Tons of amenities & furnished. RENT VERY NEGOTIABLE! Call Sarah 377-5187 4-2-10-3 1 or 2 BR's Avail May -Aug in 3BR/2BA apt. Rent negotiable. Contact Joe 256-4216 4-9-15-3 April rent free! Summer sublease -Arlington Square, downtown, I mi from campus, blocks from post office, Iirary, coffee shops & clubs 2BR/2BA townhouse $830/mo 377-4421 4-2-10-3 Summer Sublease -Lexington Crossing 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA. All inclusive -free washer, dryer, utilities, cable, ethernet for only $325/mo. Call Chris 271-1346 4-210-3 Best deal in town. Was 400 now 300!! jjlake 100 buck off and pay 300 bucks for everything incl DSL! Sterling Glades University. Call Mark 305-297-4717. 4-3-103 1 huge BR apt. It's in Cedar Ridge Comm. It has A/C unit, but no W/D or hkups. Must have good credit & be over 18 yrs old. Small pets ok. $275/mo. Doesn't include electric. Unfurn 352-665-0013. 4-17-203 Summer Sublease Across From UF. Looking Glass Apts 2br/2ba, furnished, W/D, alarm, Avail May 352-692-3650. 4-11-163 *WALK to SHANDS/UF* Clean, spacious lbr/lba, no-hassle parking, reduced rent. Call 256-8332. 4-4-103 Summer Sublease -1BR avail, at Univ. Commons. $290/mo + utils. Keep sec dpst. Aug. free, Fully furn. Call Kristin at 336-0714. 4-4-10-3 DOWNTOWN! Arlington Square 2BR/2BA May-end July, Moving out May. Chance lease can be extended. W/D, DW, pool. 4J435/each neg. Georg 376-8039, gessl@ufl.edu 4-23-23-3 $900 May-Aug. 692-0074 Jenny. 4-4-10-3 Avail now to Aug. it is a 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA inhabited by males.. Close to campus and downtown. Rent is negotiable, TV in kitchen. Ask for Bill 352-5144952 4-4-10-3 2 BLOCKS TO UF 1BR in 2BR/1BA apt avail May-August. Fully furnished, wood floors. RENT NEGOTIABLE. 1710 NW 2nd Ave. Call 3350508. 4-4-10-3 NEAR SHANDS. Pool view. Big 2BR/2BA apt. Unfurnished. Available immediately. Big porch. $330/ea. Perfect for med student. Call Brent 262-2842 4-4-10-3 EVERYTHING INCLUDED 1BR/1BA CAMPUS CLUB APTS avail for summer. $400. Call Brandon Now 256-7245 4-410-3 Summer sublease May -July. One room plus bath in 3BR apt. Full kitchen, wash/dry, bus. $365/mo neg. Questions? Call Thomas in the Landings 376-0561 4-4-10-3 Summer Sublease -1 or 2 BR in 4BR/3BA furn apt. Campus Club. $350/mo includes everything. Aug. Rent paid. Friendly roommates. Call Kelly at 224-61 32. 4-11 14-3 *** 1BR/1BA in 4BR apt. in Gainesville i~ce. New phase, 3rd fir. Vaulted ceilrfs, F. Fully turn. Alt utls ic. Avail. Ma-Aug. $350/mo (valued at $479/mo) Call Joy 352-381-8589. 4-4-10-3 Walk to UF, sorority row area. Avail. Aug 03-Jul 04, 1BR, share BA & kitchen w/ 1 other F. Furnished, util. inc. $450/mo. 219-4993 or cmrgator@ufl.edu 4-7-10-3 ***SUMMER SUBLEASE*** 2BR/1BA apt walk to UF, Grog. I pay $345 but will NEGOTIATE. Pets ok, friendly neighbors 335-9287. 4-7-10-3 1BR in a 2BR/2BA. W/D, furn. avail if needed. Avail May 2003 across from stadium in Looking Glass Apts. $417.50/mo Neg. Brooks or Cindy 379-0516 or 2467201. 4-8-10-3 ) rSublseRoom in house. 1 mile fcO D/mpus' $300/mo. Everything in.;*aJher 514-8529. 4-2-6-3 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTHENT *WALK TO UF/Swamp/Gator City* 2BR/1BA REDUCED RENT $600 + util OBO in College Park. 1716 NW 3rd Ave. Avail May-Aug w/option to renew. Clean, spacious, large kitchen, cable & phone in all rooms, strong AC, laundry in complex, no-hassle parking NO DEPOSIT. Call anytime 246-6665 4-9-10-3 Summer RentCampus Club. Poolside. Private bath4BR/3BA. $400/mo. Furn Everything incl. Call Jon at 352-224-6816 or 954-257-2522. 4-8-10-3 ****Summer Sublease-May**** w/op to renew in Fall. I large BR in 3BR/2BA apt. w/great roommates on 20th Ave. Good bus route. $275 + 1/3 utils. Call 337-9952 for more info. 4-8-10-3 ***3 BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS*** 1BR in 2BR/2BA apt, W/D, cable, internet, big TV. big kitchen, pool, fenced yard. $350/mo + 1/2 utils. 352-870-4158 www.lancelot.cc/apartment.htmi 4-8-103 2/1, 2 blocks fom campus. Wood floors, very nice. Sublease available now until July 31st. Reduced rent @ $500/mo. Keep sec deposit of $585! Contact Jenny at 692-0074. 4-15-15-3 LOOKING GLASS APTS Best location behind Papa Johr's on Univ. Ave 2BR/1BA, $695.mth, very negotiable-. Hurry, won't last. Call Jeanne 246-5866 4-4-7-3 KENSINGTON 1 or 2BR avail in 2BR/2BA townhouse, free tanning, ethernet w/equip, comp lab, gym, W/D, Must sublease for May -Aug. $770/mo RENT NEG 372-8477 4-3-6-3 $569/mo 2BR/1BA Close to UF. Homestead Apt. Alarm, clean, quiet, upstairs. Available now. Call 352-262-8402 4-2320-3 MUST SEE! 1F wanted for 4BR/4BA at The Exchange. Available May 1st. Great location, fully furn, RENT NEG. Call 3361215 4-9-10-3 PERFECT FOR SUMMER SUBLEASE!!! Campus Lodge, 1BR/1BA in a 2BR/2BA. Furnished, all inclusive, clean, nice! $599/mo. Call Cat (352) 514-1237 4-9-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE Avail anytime -Aug. 1/1 for F in 3/3. New phase Stoneridge $333 + 1/3 utils. More info, call Samantha 336-9609 4-4-7-3 GAINESVILLE PLACE 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA apt. Living/dining/kitchen. Full amenities. Available May thru Aug 10th. $470/mo. Call 352-3813506 or 954-593-7448 4-9-10-3 Lg 1BR/1BA apt. near UF and SFCC for summer sublease. $389/month, some util inc. Keep my sec dep. Move in ASAP. Call 352-238-0954 Iv msg if no answer. 4-1615-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA house 5 min from UF & 2 min from dntn. $250/mo + 1/3 utils. Pets ok. Cent A/H, W/D. Call 284-3175 4-4-7-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/2BA @ Royal Village. Apt fully furn, W/D, cable & ethernet. $350/mo NEG. From May -Aug. Call 8710541 or email: glian@ufl.edu 4-9-10-3 KEEP DEPOSIT 2BR/2BA sublease in Greenwich Green. Unfurn. Avail May to July 31 $750/mo NEG. FREE water & cable: Opt to renew. Call 219-8917 4-9-103 Quiet! Clean! 1 BR/I1BA in 3BR/3BA house in NW. Wood floors, share with 2 female roommates.W/D, fireplace. $275/mo 256-5311. Available now; March rent paid. 4-2-5-3 1BR/BA in Cam pus Lodge. Utilities included, furnished! Huge pool, .weight room. Avail May thru August. $480/mo OBO Call Amanda 379-3937 4-9-10-3 1 BR/ilBA @ CAMPUS LODGE furnished, spacious. ethernet, cable, 2 bus stops. pool, gym, utils, May. June, July. August, will negotiate price, Call Jon 336-77824-9-10-3 LIVE LIKE ROYALTY 2 blks from campus May -August. 1BR/IBA for 1 or 2' divas. POOL, workout rmn, W/D, cable, elec. turn $595/mo 904-982-1007 4-16-15-3 I I I I ***BEST OFFER*** Summer Sublease-in The Exchange, 1BR/IBA, furnished. Utilities & cable included. Call 377-1890 4-4-5-3 Don't worry, the beer will be around tomorrow. Study for that test. 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTMENT SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA studio house 3 blks from campus. Avail all summer. $5.15/mo includes digital cable/HBO, cable internet. Jessica 246-8876 4-9-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE2 rooms in Pebble Creek AptsAvail Summer A or take over lease & stay all summer + next year $323/mo DW, W/D, pool, fitness center. Call Julie @ 213-4044. 4-3-5-3 Cheap rent, great location. Large BR avail in 5BR/2BA house across from O'Connell Center. $265/mo + utils. DSL. Call John 904-534-1303. 4-3-5-3 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA furn apt in Lexington. Utils, cable, ethernet, maid svc incl. W/D. $465/mo VERY NEGOTIABLE!. Avail May thru Aug 9th. Call Caitlin @ 271-1400 MUST GO! 4-3-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE avail in G'ville's nicest & newest complex THE EXCHANGE! Furn/unfurn luxury amenities & close to campus. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA for May, June, July & Aug rent incl everything. Price neg. Call Kyle @ 281-1777. 4-7-7-3 2BR/1BA apt available in May 1.5 miles from campus $275 per month 1st month free! Call 374-2832 or emali itsjustme02@hotmail.com 4-3-5-3 Large 1 BR/1BA in Country Gardenswalk to Shands & UF. Call 215-4948. 4-3-5-3 GAINESVILLE PLACE! Summer Sublease, 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA. Brand new, fully furnished, incl all utilties, W/D, and ethernet. $300/mo. Call 371-0523. 4-2-33 SWEET TOWNHOUSE!!! 3BR/3BA, luxury plus. Window seat, huge closets, W/D in unit, vaulted ceilings. Free tanning & gym. May-Aug. Call 378-7672. 4-3-5-3 REDUCED RENT keep my 575 dep lease ends Aug. Large luxury studio avail now. W/D, microwave, alarm, walk in closet. Across from Library-West. Looking Glass Apt. 373-7215. Rent $500 negotiable. 44-6-3 1BR in 2BD, 2.5BA townhouse, $350 fully furn, tv, desk, bed 1/2 cable/util, bus route. Victoria Station (813)546-6055, avail immed. 4-3-5-3 GREAT DEAL Lexington Crossing. 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA. $400/mo, neg. August FREE! Furnished, cable, util, ethernet, maid service, incl. Call Kunwar 271-1410. 4-3-5-3 CHEAP SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR in large fully furn. 4BR house. 2 blocks from Law School. Reduced rent $290/mo. Ryan 284-1375. Sorry no pets. 4-10-10-3 Save $100 a month for 1/1 in spacious 3/2 apartment $200 a month includes water and cable. Split util with one other roommate. Call Annie at 377-6610. 4-35-3 1BR in 4BR HUGE HOUSE. Available for summer -May thru July. Backyard, W/D, DW, cent AC/H. $330/mo. Call 367-3803 or 321-795-8281 4-11-10-3 Female for 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA Tivoli Apts for Summer A. Fully furn, W/D, bike/bus to campus. $345 + 1/3 utils/mo. E-mail Allison @ gattralli@ufl.edu or call Glenn (her father) @ (800) 800-3585 ext 222 4-4-5-3 2BR/1BA apt .2 blocks E of UF for sublease May 10 w/option to renew in Aug. $500/mo & $500 deposit. May rent $250. No pets. Please call Marie 262-6595 411-10-3 Summer Sublease wlRenewal Option 1BR in a 4BR/4BA @ Univ. Club. Fully turn,, tiled living, utility package, large screen TV, alarm, ethernet, fitness & pool amenities. Pay only June & Jujy rent. Call Jason @ 335-9629 4-4-5-3 1BR/1BA at Royal Village. Fully turn with cable & ethernet. Walk to campus. $350/mo OBO. Call 374-6619 4-4-5-3 Summer 0 The Exchange $325/mo OBO EVERYTHING INCLuDED/FURN. Call Jeremy 214-7397 4-4-5-3 1, 2 or 3 BR/BA avail in 4BR/4BA apt. 0 University Terrace Gainesville. Avail May thru Aug. w/ option to renew in fall. Rent $270 obo. Call & leave message 0 3795604. 4-7-5-3 Live cheap at The Exchange! Avail. May-July. 1BR in a 4BR/4BA. Extra clean & only-$400/mo. All utls. incl. Call John 0 352-284-1256. 4-4-4-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE! Looking for someone to share a 3/2 nice house in 3008 W Univ. Ave. Very nice roommates. $280 + 1/3 utilities. Call Mauricio 352-219-2663. 4-7-5-3 KEEP DEPOSIT. 2BR/2BA 1,000 sq.ft. townhouse 3 mi from UF w/ alarm, DW and W/D hkups. On bus route. Avail now thru June 31. $700/OBO. Call 954-5574928. 4-7-5-3 Best apt. in town!!! Avail 6/1 walk to class. Lg 1BR/1BA wood floors, fireplace, Ig yard, private pkg. Call 378-1387 -Ask about apt. 1336-W. 4-7-5-3 Room available fully furn, queen waterbed, walk in closet, Large house w/ patio, pool table, by Mellow Mushroom. $360/mo lease negotiable. Avail for summer only. Call Vilhelm 352-281-7911. 47-5-3 STONERIDGE APTS Summer sublease 3BR/3BA. 1BR available 4/1. 2 avail 5/1. $338/mo/room NEGOTIABLE. 2 yrs old. Walk in closet, pool, gym. Very clean & nice 352-219-4403. 4-7-5-3 3 blocks from campus 1BR 1BA apt w/ walk-in-closet, kitchenette, great location, spacious BR $350/mo call 335-7416 move in immediately! No deposit. 4-7-5-3 LIVE AT THE EXCHANGE 1BR/BA available in 3BR/BA for May, June and July. Rent reduced from $530 to $399!! AMAZING OFFER call Zack 0 (305)205-5098. 4-14-10-3 Summer Sublease! Available from June to August. 1/1 in 3/3 w/dog. $400/mo plus 1/3 phone + cable. PNR#2 to campus. Call Lisa @ 376-5378. 4-4-3-3 1 or 2 rooms in 4BR/4BA in Lexington Crossing. Furn w/phone, W/D, cable, ethernet & all utils! Rent only $350/mo. OBO Avail. May 1-Aug. Call 271-1640. 4-9-6-3 MAY IS FREEI 2BR/1BA apt avail May 5. $470/mo. 2 blcks from campus. Pets ok. Hard wood floors. Call Jeremy 318-3806. 4-8-5-3 2BR's avai' in Pebble Creek Apts. Close to capmus Rent $320 + utils/mo. Rent avail. Summer A or Summer C or take over lease for fol. school yr. 352-2229270 Kris. 4-8-5-3 2BR/1BA unfurn 0 Brandywine Apts. Avail May 1 thru July 26 w/option to renew. $485/mo (incl water & swg). New carpet & A/C unit. Ally @ 271-3736. 4-85-3 CAMPUS LODGE 1BR/1BA of 3BR/BA available for sublease. Easy access to SFCC-and UF. Rent is 500/month. That includes everything! Rent is neg. 904-759-9134. 4-1510-3 1B/lB in 2B/2B apt. Washer, dryer, walkin closet, vaulted ceiling, pool, gym, basketball + more! 10 min bus ride to UF campus. 400/mo. May-Aug.. Negotiable. 561-254-9568. -4-8-5-3 Windmeadows Summer Sublease.-Master 1BR/1BA, very spacious, clean. Keep deposit. For $360 + 1/2 utils. Jasmine h) 352-374-7992 c) 850-291-0971. 4-4-3-3 The Best Location! Forget about cars. buses, bikesWalk to UF. 1, 2 or 3 BR avail in 4BR apt. Furnishe util mnc, pool, huge kitchen. Reduced rent. Call Lisa 219-3615. 4-8-5-3 WALK TO CAMPUS Royal Village. 4BR/2BA All rooms available. Furpished. $300/mo) each. Call Danny 0 336-0109. 4-15-10-3 Looking Glass Apts. NS F-only. $450/mo Across from Library West. Avail for 20032004. Call Brmoke 271-3294. 4-15-10-3 Is y our professor putting .you to Cleep? Read the Alllgator.-. 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTHENT F for 1/1 of Ig 3/3poolalde @ The Exchange. All util Incl. $514/mo for summer (May-Aug) or next yr (Aug '03 -Aug '04) or both! Other 2 bedrooms prob. empty for summer, so u live alone! Call Summer @ 870-6988, 4-8-6-3 Girls summer sublease in luxurious private dorm The Ivy House 3rd floor vaulted ceilings large double. Whirlpool bathtubs, new kitchen & large family room. Short walk to campus. Available for any or all summer sessions. Will lease for less than rent value. Call Jill 0 352-222-3255. 48-5-3 Walk to Campusll Sublease 1BR in 4BR/2BA house located right behind sorority row. 305/mo + util. Must seel Avail May 4-Aug 15. Call Jessie 352-682-3604. 4-8-5-3 UNIVERSITY CLUB SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA in a 4BR/4BA Pool Clean Roommates $355/mo OBO Call Josh 0 3364755. 4-8-5-3 4 ROOMMATES Roommates wanted 0 University Terrace. 2 convenient locations to UF. $365/mo per/ room. 4BD/4BA. Individual leases, some in utilites incl. Union Properties, Inc. 373-7578. www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-72-4 Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-23-72-4 Unfurn rm in unfurn apt avail. Washer & dryer, UF 1 block1 room avail in 2BR/1BA. $400/mo including everything. Dennis 352-262-0051 1st mo + $400/dep. 1143 SW 9th Ave. Can be seen 0 your convenience. 6 blks to Shands & AGH 5-15-72-4 Looking for female student 21-25 without pets. Pay 1/3 rent, utilties, phone and cable in attractive 3 bedroom 2 bath house in historic Duck Pond at 639 NE 6th St. Call 384-1273. 4-23-64-4 0Tr 1. MOVIES: When was the movie "High Noon" released? 2. LITERATURE: Who wrote "The House of the Seven Gables"? 3. LANGUAGE: What is hyperbole? 4. PSYCHOLOGY: What is sitophobia? 5. STATES: What U.S. state is known as the Hoosier State?, 6. HISTORY: When was the Statue of Liberty erected in the United States? 7. RELIGION: When were the Dead Sea Scrolls discovered? 8. GENERAL KNOW E: What kind of a creature was the puppet Topo Gigio? 9. PRESIDENTS: Who was James Madison's vice president? 10. POP CULTURE: What famous dance got its start at New York's PeppermintLounge? Answers 1.1952 2. Nathaniel Hawthorne 3. Exaggeraton 4. Fearof food 5. Indiana 6.1886 7.1947 8. Mawe 9. Gecqeinton 10. The twist -_, IBR/1BA in 2BR/2BA next to UF Law School May -August. Large room & closet $300 plus half utilities. Must go Call Angelo 954-830-0856 4-9-10-3 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTMENT Females 42br/2ba fully furn until included at Sterling University $475/mo last month rent free. Move in ASAP Call Leslie 352871-5764. 4-8-5-3 Summer Sublease in The Avenues. Walk to campus. 1BD/1BA in 2BR/2.5BA. Furn or unfurn. W/D. Must sublease. Will negotiate. Liz 954-579-4156. 4-23-11-3 

PAGE 23

WEDNESDAY Y, APRIL 2, ROOMMATES 4 $365 only per mo. Completely private BR & BA. Verywell maintained unit. Laundry room facilities. Includes all util. DSL availability, 10 min from UF. 954-830-8468. www.revictory@aol.com 4-23-57-4 2 roommates wanted in 58R/3BA house $400-450/mo dincl utits, hdwd firs, W/D, nice yard, 5 blks N. of campus. Call Cormack @ 336-4552 5-13-30-4 *. 4 BLOCKS TO UF ** Bedrooms in huge 5BR/4BA house. 3700 sq.ft., pool, wood floors, W/D. $430/mo + utils, $520/mo + util for suite. Corey 904234-5214. Available Aug 1st. 4-7-15-4 Christian man has room for rent in new NW Gville house. $330/mo. Free utils & cable, TV, laundry & pool. On bus rt. Now available. 335-3896. 4-8-15-4 M/F needed to share furnished 2BR/1.5BA townhouse with NS M grad. 999 SW 16th Ave. $270/m + 1/2 util. Call (352) 281-5140 Vladimir. 4-4-13-4 ROOMMATE WANTED Behind Swamp, 7 blocks to walk or bike to UF. Large house. 1 bdrm $350. Available now. Call 3730825 or 373-6497. 4-8-15-4 1BR/1BA avail in 3BR/3BA townhouse in Rockwood Villas. House fully furnished W/D, rent $325 + 1/3 util. Call 352-2149591. 4-8-15-4 ROOMMATE WANTED for summer &/or fall lease. Completely furn 4BR/4BA. $400/mo incl everything from utils to wireless ethernet. Call Brya 371-5729 or email brya0070aol.com 4-23-6-4 Regency Oaks: success oriented, nonsmoker female wanted for May 1. 2BR/2BA, great location $330/mo, no sec dep, many amenities. Call Maureen 3791634 4-18-22-4 BIKE TO UF. New 4BR home to share with female NS students. W/D, cable, garage. Fall lease accepted now. $450 941737-4454 4-16-20-4 Room available now in beautiful 3BR/2BA NW 64th St home. W/D, pool, patio, DSL, on bus route, quiet neighborhood. Prefer mature grad student/professional, NS. No pets. $350/mo + 114 util. 377-3409 4-915-4 2 rms ea w/ pvt BA in 4/4 Countryside condo. Clean, serious students. 1 rm avail immed $415/mo; other avail 8/1 $420/mo. Wireless hi-sp internet, no pets, non-smoking. Call 692-1143. 4-3-10-4 1 or 2 BIG rms w/ baths in 3/3 Rockwood Villas 1/2 mo. FREE, limited time. Furn living area; BR furn & DSL avail. $365/mo + util & cable. Has W/D; big screen TV, BBQ. 514-3880/384-3880. 4-11-15-4 Modern house in Country setting! Mature female to share 3BR/2BA house "near Micanopy. Large fenced yard, covered parking, easy commute! Very peaceful & secure! $395/mo 338-7670. 4-7-10-4 SHARE HISTORIC HOUSE CLOSE TO CAMPUS Large 1.BR in 2BR/1BA house. Wood floors, screened porch, extra room for storage. Avail-May $300/mo. 315 NW 10th St. Call 377-8485. 4-3-7-4 *Need female non-smoking roommate for 2BR/2BA in Windmeadows. $370/mo + utils Prefer grad/prof or serious undergrad. Very clean. Call Kelly 380-0579 kellyh800ufl.edu 4-9-10-4 Share 2BR1/2.BA fum townhouse Now thru mid-Aug, Pets welcome, 2mi from UF. $45010 incl all utils & internet. Call 386-734-3080 Viccie 4-9-10-4 Please recycle thIs newspaper. ROOMMATES 4 3BR/2.5BA' condo near Oaks Mall. Lg closet & balcony, pool & laundry facilities $250 + 1/3 util. Roger 333-7724 or 5143756 or email isoroommate103@aol.com 4-2-5-4 Roommate wanted for 1BR/1BA in a 3BR/3BA in Rockwood Villas. UF bus route, W/D, cable internet, furn, $300/mo + 1/3 utils. Call Chris @ 395-6319 4-2-54 F roommate wanted for i BR/1BA in a 2BR/2BA apartment in Rockwood Villas. UF bus route, W/D, Cable internet $300/mo + 1/2 utils. Call Kim @ 379-8890 4-2-5-4 Looking for a mature student to share a clean large house. Incl private bath, W/D, study office, garage, fenced yard, utilities.-All in a safe neighborhood. $450 + long diet. -ph. 331-4281. 4-2319-4 Room w/BA NW 83rd Ave. Across street from main campus SFCC. No yearly contracts, just monthly leases. Rm comes w/ full size bed, study table & TV incl cable. Only $350/mo. Utils incl. 352-256-5529 4-2-3-4 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA Lexington Crossing. Furn $450/mo with Aug free. Includes maid, utils, phone, cable & 5 HBOs. Avail April 25 -Aug 9. Call Alicia 271-1479 4-11-10-4 2 male roommates for neat University Terrace 4BR/4BA condo. Full kitchen, LR/DR, W/D, cable, internet, utils incl. $365/mo. 2 rooms avail. 352-335-6134 or 865-671-8957 4-4-5-4 Female roommate wanted located behind Norman. 1BR/1BA in 3BR/2BA house. Wood floors, fireplace, new kitchen. Starting in May. Call Julie 305-393-1242. WALK to UF! Large furnished room available in vintage 3/2 only 1.5 blocks from campus, cent AC/HT, W/D, large front porch $295/m + 1/4 util. Parking! 367-9128, 375-1474. 4-3-3-4 2BR/1BA w/ study near Duckpond 1500 sq.ft. fenced yard. Animals welcome. $350/mo + 1/2 utils. 1st & last. NO DEPOSIT. Call 352-222-6889 Kim. 4-3-3-4 ROOMMATE WANTED! To share a nice, clean 2BR/2BA apt w/ quiet roommate. $312 incl water. Oak Forest Apts -6 min to campus -13 bus. Avail now -Aug 3769612, Lekos78@hotmaii.com 4-14-10-4 1BR/1BA in beautiful 3BR/3BA townhouse in The Gables. Available May. Common area furnished. W/D, DW, Clean .& nice. Respectful roommates. PRICE NEGOTIABLE 372-1738. 4-15-11-4 Beautiful Home in trees on quiet street near UF. Fun people. Gourmet kitchen, warm Fireplace, DSL, Cable, W/D, cent A/C. Comfortable. $340 or $365 + util. 352-271-8711. 4-7-5-4 **MATURE CHRISTIAN FEMALE** to share house in safe NW neighborhood $350/mo + 112 utiis. Fenced yd, W/D. Call 374-4009. 4-8-5-4 Female wanted for own room in big, renovated 3/2 NW home. Near SF/UF + bus. 4202 NW 15 Pl. Neat + studious w/refs, $350 + util. NS. no pets. Call 246-6650. Female wanted for Melrose Apts, 4BD/4BA, Fall 2003-Spring 2004. Must be willing to live coed. Contact: vanjorste 0 msn.com 4-2-1-4 Master blr w/ba in large home across from O'Connell Center. Prefer grad/prof or serious undergrad. $425/mo + 1/5 utils. Call James 373-1242. 4-8-5-4 GIRLS AND SPORTS ROOMMATES 2BRs/2BAs avail in 4BR/4BA apt. $425/mo each incl all utils. Countryside 0 the University. W/D. Overlooks pool. Call 367-8115. 4-22-15-4 WE NEED A SUMMER ROOMMATE! F to live w/4 girls in a 5BR house across st from campus. Rent neg. Desk & bed incl if nec. Call Sandy 305-794-8267 or Jessica 305-951-5443. 4-8-5-4 5 REAL ESTATE Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATORCLASSIFIEDS! Reach over 24,000 possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone. Please Call 373-Find Quadraplex, Triplex, or Duplex with Private Parking. 60 Seconds to UF. Excellent Condition. Quad -$440,000. Triplex -$395,000. Duplex : $295,000. 352-5382181 Iv. mssg. 4-23-72-5 PERFECT FOR RESIDENT OR GRAD STUDENT. 2BR/2BA House w/ garage. Quiet area in Haile Plantation. Maintenance-free lot. Won't last long @ $127,000 5131 SW 94th St. Indigo Square. 331-1022. 4-23-22-5 3/2 MOBILE HOME 1990 Excellent condition. 14x72. Cent AC/heat. Roofed & screened patio, vinyl siding, W/D hk up, separate storage shed. $12500. Call 3778840 4-11-10-5 FOR SALE BY OWNER: 2 NICE CONDOS 1BR/1BA loft in Sparrow $34500 2BR/2BA w/yard in Greenleaf $74500 Call 379-0619 5-2-24-5 HOUSEHOLD ITEMS, 6 FURNITURE Beds@Full mattress & boxspring sets $490 Qn sets $89'0 Single sets $39 0 King sets $99/ 0 from estate sale. Safe pine bunk bed $109. 376-0939/378-0497. Call a mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave. 4-2372-6 Bedding close-outs*AIl wrapped in plastictwin sets $79@full sets $11960n sets $139@King sets $1890student discounts apply*4370 SW 20th Ave. 376-0953, we deliver. 4-23-72-6 FUTONS, BEDS & FURNITURE LOW PRICES & LARGE SELECTION. Dumas Discount 371-4422. 1201 E. Univ. Av. New Used Buy Sell. 4-23-72-6 BED-Queen, orthopedic, firm, extra-thick pillow-top, matress & box. Name brand, new, still'in plastic. Sacrifice $160. call 352-372-7490 will deliver 4-23-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE ORTHOPEDIC Pillow top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/ warranty. Can deliver. Sacrifice $140. Call 352-377-9846. 4-2372-6 BED -King Pillowtop mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never used, in plastic with warranty. Sell $230. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-23-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED, solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed, Cost $1500,sacrifice $550 352-2715119. 4-23-72-6 BY JUSTIN BUHU ANU ANRUWI I:i TIN AL' sUEE OAD 'y SAM TANNN & RAT ANDGUY NY JoHN WEST At''WWALLiGA TO.(GCMS I .,I i DISCOUNT HI-FI 722 S. Main 0 The Red Bldg WE ARE CHEAPER 4-23-72-8 I .I 6 FURNITURE/HOUSEHOLD BEDROOM SET. 7-pc Cherry. Queen/king bed, dresser w/ mirror, 2 nightstands, chest avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500 must sell, sacrifice $1400 (352) 372-7490 4-23-72-6 SOFA, LOVESEAT & CHAIR. 100% Italian leather. Still new in boxes w/ warranty. Cost $5,000. Sacrifice $1,700. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-23-726 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-3728588 4-23-72-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/mattress. Brand new, all unused in box. Sell $199 can deliver. 352-377-9846. 423-72-6 BEDS FUTONS FURNITURE All new, great quality, low $$ 20 yrs in town Main Street Beds 1947 N Main St 244-501-1 M-Sat. 6-12-36-6 SALE: WASHER/DRYER, all types furniture. Beer neons, etc. Pics @ http://idsane.tripod.com Call Eric 2190019 & Angie 222-6530. 4-15-10-6 Bedroom set, coffee table & entertainment center for sale. Everything at cheap prices. Call Lisa @ 379-0026. Leave message. 4-8-5-6 L shaped desk $125 king h20bed $100 25g fish tank & filter $50 coffee table end tablesglass top/glass dining table $30/black leather sofa & love seat $250/couch/black futonfull mini-electric stove/ 333-3025. 4-8-5-6 7 COMPUTERS DO YOU HAVE A LAPTOP? NEED A BATTERY? www.BatteryCountry.com We specalize in hard to find batteries! 4-23-49-7 4-23-20-7 Computer HELP,! A+ Computer Geek $10 Gator Disc. House Calls, Repairs, Upgrades, Networks, Tutoring, Wireless prog, Cert MCSE 333-8404 www.acomputergeek.com free: (866) 352-4335 423-20-7 Dell dimension 4500s P4 29hz, 256ram, XP, 15" screen, DVD/CD rom, CD burner, 2D graphics, 10/100 PCL, fast ethernet, 4VSB ports, Lexmark 83 scanner, copy printer, for $690 OBO 281-7565. 4-3-5-7 For your cable and DSL hookups and any computer needs. Call C & S Computer at 352-339-1458 leave a message. 4-2517-7 COMPREHENSIVE PC Experienced A-On Site Service $15/hr for details go to www.netcpc.com or call (352) 870-5343 5-29-22-7 STEREOS, 8 ELECTRONICS SCOOTERSOSCOOTERSOSCOOTERS Quality scooters as low as $1099. Derbi, MZ, Hyosung, Kasea, Adly, Sinski. Choose from 10 models. 518 SE 2nd St. 377-6974 RPMmotorcycles.com 4-23-72-11 1999 APRILIA SCARABEO 50 cc Excellent condition, low miles, runs great. Graduated and need to sell. $1550/10 262-0173. 4-2-40-11 GRAND OPENING SOLANO CYCLE Mopeds from $750 Scooters from $1099. Large selection from Kymco, Malaguti. many others. Financing avail. 3250 SW 34th St 338-8450 www.solanocycle.com 4-23-30-11 2000 HONDA BLACKBIRD CBR. 1137 XX runs perfect 14800 miles. $5500 OBO Must sell excellent condition 352-4683962 213-1081 cell voice 352-475-5300. 4-2-11-11 Classifieds... Continued on next page. e CJf BRAND GRAMS SOLUTION M, R F~IIiINiII E]LI RACK 2= 7 RACK 4 60' PAR SCORE 1401,0 TOTAL 207 SCRALE is aV o amro the US ndCd a 2Hmro. imbuw TTum Me" Swvm ., Alti"ser.sed. -GATOR CAR ALARMS Takea bileout f crime $99.95 Instafled FREE.': Gaines ville's oldest car alarm.and car stereospecialty store. 373-3754 Audio Outlet. 4-23-72-8 9 BICYCLES In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds. NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE Many to choose from *Best Prices in Town* SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W University Ave 4-23-66-9 10 FOR SALE PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-538-2181. Can leave mssg. 4-23-72-10 PARTY SUPPLIES: Complete line of Bar Supplies, glassware, beer taps, draft beer equipment, Professional Cooking Utensils. R.W. Beaty Co. 4322 NW 13th St, Gville rwbeaty.com 376-5939 4-23-7210 Tires: Lo Pro 17 inch 65 brand new tires 1-352-494-6773. 4-411-10 *AMAZING GLO IN THE DARK* GATOR TEE SHIRT 2 minute charge lasts all night! Intro offer $12.95 Free Shipping www.fireglo.net 4-8-10-10 Fairly NEW set of Dunlop Golf Clubs w/ Calloway Bag & headcovers. Also PS2 New w/ Game & controllers. Sell both for $500/OBO. Call 278-3029 ask for Dana. Leave Msge. 4-3-3-10 ***BUY ADULT DVDs CHEAP*** 4 HR long DVDs $10 or 31$25 Genuine manufac not copies must be 18+ Mention Alligator= Discount Call Todd (706) 284-6310. 4-8-5-10 QUEEN'SIZE BED w/box spring & new frame. $70 Call 2713668. 4-8-5-10 MOTORCYCLES, 11 MOPEDS ro'%ri lr% A &Or% A MMMMAN ==IKl0"r=lkl 

PAGE 24

OR, RVDIFSDAYMAYR22,2O3 MOPEDS/ MOTORCYCLES 12 1995 Honda CBR .900. Electric yellow, purple, white colors. $4500. Cosmetics perfect, engine perfect. Garage kept. Contact Mike @ 246-7433. 4L3-5-11 2001 SUZUKI SV 650. Excellent Condition, 4000 mile $4500.. 2 helmets & riding jacket included. Call Doug 256-3219. 4-7-5-11 1999 HYOSUNG SCOOTER Runs great, good condition, 45mph -2 seater $850. 941-232-3917 4-7-5-11 12 AUTOS *FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CAR* ORunning or not!O J40NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS OCall Don @ 376-9317 4-23-72-12 CARS-CARS Buy 0 Sell 0 Trade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTOSALES 373-1150 4-23-72-12 DON'T BUY A LEMONComplete on-site inspections by certified master mechanic. Hate to shop? Let us shop for you! CAR SEARCH 375-5924. www.mycarsearch.net 4-23-72-12 CARS FROM $500 Police impounds & tax repos. For current listings. Call (800)319-3323 ext. 4622. 423-72-12 **FAST CASH PAID ** For Cars, Trucks or Scooters Running or Not Call Ray 352-284-8619 4-23-72;12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING** *POWER-WINDOWS DON'T WORK* OM SITE AVAILABLE Call Steve 338-5142. 4-23-72-12 .OVER 30 IMPORTS UNDER .$6000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 4-23-72-12 FAST CASH I buy cars and trucks RUNNING OR NOT also selinice running cars Call Raul 316-2080 4-23-72-12 SUNCITY AUTO 338-1999 File your W-2 here & drive home today. 4-23-68-12 Bring your W-2 & drive home today. We finance anyone. Lowest down in town. 338-1999. 4-2368-12 SUNCITY AUTO Cash vehicles available as low as $500. More than 200 in stock 338-1999. 4-2368-12 SUNCITY AUTO Any vehicle financed comes w/ a 30 day warranty on engine & trans. 338-1999. 4-23-68-12 BEST CARSOLOWEST PRICES www.39thaveimports.com 4-21-60-12 Siiww.autogainesville.com FIND ALL YOUR AUTO NEEDS 4-23-41-12 wwwSwampMotors~com GNV's #1 SITE FOR BUYING & SELLING CARS 4-14-18-12 1994 S-l10BLAZER --4 door, PW, PL, leather, black/black A/C, 4 nw r, u, UguoaicJ, *U*i',UIVOV Call 494-4811 4-9-10-12 MWNIM AN SENTRA 1.6-N8 1 Nk mfto. A/C PW, • -.con .. 1) SOa~g.81 44-Wig1 AUTOS 14 1990 ACURA LEGEND 4 door,.automatic, 129k miles, all power, sun roof, A/C. Runs good. $3500/OBO Call 494-4611 4-9-10-12 1992 HONDA ACCORD LX 2 door, automatic, 104k miles, PW, PL, A/C, AM/FM/cassette, 4 new tires, Excellent condition $3500/OBO Call 494-4611 4-9-10-12 **GATORMAX INC.** Wholesale & Retail Used Cars Buy/Sell Best deals in town! 494-4611 4-23-20-12 Why Buy Used? Daewoo 2002 2002 2002 Leganza (new) Nubira (New) Lanos (New) USED 2001 Leganza SE 2001 Nubira COX 2001 Lanos SE 2000 Nubira CDX 2000 Lanos SE 2000 Volvo S80 .$ 2000 Acura 3.5RL 2000 Saturn Wagon 1999 Pont Sunbird 1998 Ford Taurus Short Term Lease or Rental $8900 $7900 $6900 $6900 $6500 5950 $5900 $4950 $22500 $26900 $9980 $6950 $5950 Our Specialty Bush/Strawn Daewoo 378-399.7 4-2-5-12 CARS FROM $500 Upcoming seizure/surplus sale. For current listings 1-800-583-1777 ext 1030. 423-19-12 96 HONDA CIVIC LX Automatic, A/C, CD, 89k miles, great conditLon. $5995. Call 373-8815 or 281-6155 4-4-5-12 2001 TOYOTA COROLLA LE Blue, auto, AC, loaded, 60k warranty, 28k mls, excellent. $8,700 494-0013. 4-9-712 97 FORD EXPLORER LTD 77k; green ext, tan leather int; V6, 2WD, ABS, AM/FM/cass/CD; keyless entry; pwr seat, steer, wdws,lcks; $10, 500/OBO 352-3769194. 4-7-5-12 19.99 BLACK HONDA CIVIC EX. Excellent cond. 2dr. PW, PL, AB. CD player. Spoiler, + tinted windows. 31K $11,750 Call John @ 407-330-2122. 4-15-10-12 92 ISUZU RODEO 4x4 Forest green, V-6 nice tires & rims, 10 disc CD, cold A/C, brush guard, roof rack, tow pkg, $3700/OBO. Call 214-9270. 818-66-12 2002 16" Xterra Rims w/tires. Spare, never used, low miles, great condition. $400. Call 870-2603. 4-8-5-12 13 WANTED LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: GOLD, DIAMONDS, GEMS, CLASS RINGS, ETC TOP CASH $ OR TRADE. OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY. 373-9243. 4-23-72-13 BASEBALL CARDS Wanted to Buy. Brad 374-7052 4-3-30-13 WANTED TOYOTA CAMRY 1997 or close to it for 1.5 hr stationary engineering study ASAP. $25 Call 375-8710 Iv mssg. 4-7-513 Looking for African American and .Caucasian female to pose nude for student experimental film. (Not pornographic). Please call for more information 352-381 8011. 4-4-4-13 14 HELP WANTED This newspaper assumes no responsibil•ity for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising usecaution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal knormao o rming meetHELP WANTED 14 Certified Nursing Assistant class. HQme schooling, learn 0 your own pace, time, A convenience, fast or slow. $200. 18 yr. exp RN Lic #2523562 Call free 4 more info 1400-56-4013-4-23-72-14 HELP WANTED 14 No jobs available but we are paying cash for used CD's and DVDs. Giant inventory of hardto find CD's. VHS tapes $5, and less. HEAR AGAIN CD's 818 W. University. 4-23-72-14 PROGRAMMERS WANTED Windows/Linux/Graphics www.hyper.com 4-23-72-14 Middle-aged millionaire needs business partners for rapidly expanding business. Serious'only PT & FT 800-323-1588 423-72-14 Interested-in Modeling? Visit http://www.danncaps.com/modelx.asp for info on this exciting opportunity. 6-1788-14 **GATOR MOVING** P/T; F/T, flex hrs. Good pay, tips advancement. Apply 505 NW 53 Ave B/T Main NW 13 St. Bring friend to work with. 4-23-72-14 LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Shop helper-..3pm-7'pm Mon -Fri 9-3 Sat Hiring for Summer.Semester. Dependable, clean driving record, personal references. Close to UF. 2205 SW 13 St. 4-23-72-14 We Need You TODAY! Earn $60 This Week! For 2 Lifesaving Plasma Donations Bring this ad for an EXTRA $5.00 on your 1st Donation! WALK-INS WELCOME! OPEN 7 DAYS lha THERAPEUTIC CRPORATION 150 NW 6th Street 352-378-9204 4-2:T-58-14 .WORK NOW Time Customer Service, Inc. An AOL Time Warner Company TAKING APPLICATIONS Mon-Fri 9AM-4PM TELEPHONE SERVICE ASSOCIATES PART-TIME POSITIONS We have PT Shift Positions Available. We Offer A Base Wage of $7.00/Hour With Earning Potential Up to An Average Of $9.50/Hr. And More!!! Bi-Weekly Performance Bonus, Annual Company Bonus, Paid Training, Free AOL, Free-Magazines, and Excellent Growth Opportunities. 2-Wks. Paid Training Minimum of 4 nights/week 5:00-10:30P.M. plus mandatory Sat. 9:00 A.M.-3:00 P.M. OR Monday to Friday 9:00 A.M.-. 3:00 P.M. Time Customer Service, Inc. 4110SW 34 Street, Suite 20 Gainesville, FL 32608 EEO/AA 4-23-72-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard w'orking person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. Will train, pt to start w/ more hrs possibly avail. Start at $5.50/hr. Flex hrs. Please call 495-9024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-23-7214 DOMINO'S PIZZA World's largest pizza delivery company now hiring delivery drivers $9-14thr All you need is a reliable car & a. very positive attitude. Apply @ 3311 W. Univ. Ave. 4-23-72-14 HIRING ALL POSITIONS ALL SHIFTS PT/FT Kitchen help + delivery drivers. Please call California Chicken Grill 3782442 4-23-72-14 BARTENDERS POSITIONS Up to $300/shift No exp, req. Flex hrs, great pay. 1-800-86-0085 ext 1516 423-72-14 FT nanny candidates needed: 30-55 bra, live-out, mature & energetic; grad students welcomed; CPR/lst Aid; ref/Ukg check;good pay; NO FEES CHARGED TO THE NANNY. Call Noah's Ark Nanny Placement Agency 37 S for o A appt 4-2-W14 HELP WANTED pteta d g.Training provided. 1-800-293-3985*ext 2306. 4-23-76-14 CASH!! Tired of sitting around w/out it? Sit here & -make it! UF FLORIDA REPDIALS seeks UF students to raise funds. Earn up to $8.00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedule. Apply at 105 NW 18th St 4th floor, Academic Classroom Building 105, or call 392-7754 for more info. 4-23-72-14 People needed for flyering $6/hr to start. Please call 219-1168 5-1371-1 1 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Pay off holiday debt! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 4-23-70-14 GREAT JOB OPPORTUNITIES for students who want to earn while they learn. Acctng, mktg, aviation, sales, programming & networking Learn more at: www.gleim.com/employment. 4-23-6914 $1500 Weekly Potential Mailing our circulars. Free information. Call 20.3-683-0257. 5-22-73-14 NANNIES NEEDED!!! Flexible Schedule. $7/hr. References required www.FLnanny.com 4-23-59-14 Why pay for internet access? Let it pay you! Student recruiters & salespersons needed. High-growth area. Earn free ISP plus monthly incQme. www.ispvip.biz/preferred. 4-23-55-14 100 WORKERS.NEEDED! No exp needed work your own hrs. Assemble crafts, wood itemS, others Material provided. To $480 + week. Free Info pkg. Call 2417 (d01-428-4701). 3-7-23-14 PT Leasing Agent Leasing/Sales experience a plus, greAt personality a MUST! Must be multi-task & detail oriented to join a growing company. Fax resumes to 377-2069 or stop by 1231 SW 3rd Avenue. 4-23-43-14 YMCA CAMP McCONNELL seeking summer resident camp staff. Summer contracts of 5-10 wks available. Applicants must be able to live in camp for summer. Several positions offered. Salaries + meals & housing Call 800-232-9622. 4SUMMER DISCOVERY Counselors wanted for world-reknown SUMMER DISCOVERY pre-college enrichment program. Spend the summer w/teens. Counselors must be at least 21 by 6/20/03 & have a valid driver's license. Apply onli::e: www.summerfun.corm 4CAMP TAKAJO for Boys, Naples, Maine. TRIPP LAKE CAMP for Girls, Poland, Maine. Picturesque lakefront locations, exceptional facilities. Mid-June thru midAug. Over 100 counselors positions in tennis, swimming, land sports, water sports, tripping, outdoor skills, theatre arts, fine arts, music, nature study, nanny, secretarial. Call Takajo at 800250-8252. Call Tripp Lake at 800-9974347. Or submit application on-line at www.takajo.oom or www.tripplakecamp.com 4-8-15-14 Leasing Consultants Paradigm Properties is seeking full and part time individuals with excellent customer service experience for our leasing team. Hourly rate plus bonus structure. Apply in person at 220'N. Main St. 3752152 DFWP. 4-4-13-14 100 WORKERS NEEDED! No exp needed work your. own hrs. Assemble crafts, wood items, others Material provided. To $480. + week. Free info pkg Call 24/7 (80'1-428-4701). 4-15-20SUMMER & FALL INTERNSHIPS AVAILABLE -marketing, management, interior design. Serious inquiries only. 332-7100, fax resumes to 332-7101 4-16-20-14 NOW HIRING3 FOR. SUMMER INTERNSHIPS' Sales, marketing .& mgmt program. Avg. student: earns $7000 & 3 hrs credit. Call 336-1015 Mon thru Fri 9am5pm SW compny 4-16-20-,14 FARAHS ON THE AVENUE now hiring asp Wait staff for summer and fall. Apply 1120 W UaI Ave M-Thur 2-4. fo €edlb. 4-4.-14 :....... -: : ./ :. :: ..., .4: w i I ] i i • • .... NANNIES NEEDED NOWII!" $7 to $1 1/hour steady PT-FT CPR/First Aid/Refs Noah's Ark Nanny Placement Agency 352-376-5008 4-2-10-14 SPORTS! Make $1000/day, watching sports. No selling! Just sports) Couch potatoes' way to make money. 1-800-3141619 ext 9304 www.24-7sports.com 4-4-10-14 BARTENDERS NEEDED 1-800-214-TEND (8363) www.professionalbartending.com 4-2322-14 PRE-MED GRADUATE Looking for experience in medicine? Full time patient care available in ophthalmology. Will train. Resume to Dr. Levy, afn22025@afn.org 4-23-21-14 MIDWEST FEED & HAY needs truck driver. Need Class D License. Prefer farm/ag major or related farm exp for PT/FT delivery & dock loading Call 472-. 6050. 4-2-6-14 Part time entry level Microbiology lab tech positions for immediate hire. Some .weekends required. No experience necessary. Fax Resume to 378-6483 4-2-5-14 Summer Work Sales, management & marketing. Earn $680/wk. Great for Resume. Call Angelo 954-830-0856 4-9-10-1.4 START YOUR CAREER WITH TOWER HILL INSURANCE We can offer a corporate culture that is supportive, challenging, and full of opportunity. We currently have a need for. SYSTEMS TECHNICIAN Want to get your foot in the Information Technology door? Our technicians install, modify, and make minor repairs to personal computer hardware and software systems, and provide technical assistance to system users. The ideal candidate will have AA and min. 6 mos. -related .exp MCSE, MCP, A+ a plus. Ref Code: TECH-FA DATA ENTRY QPERATOR Great opportunity for a motivated individual in our Operations area. The ability to type a minimum of 120 kspm with 90% accuracy is required. Must possess a positive can-do attitude and have a solid work history. Ref Code: DEO-FA. ACCOUNTING ANALYST This entry-level position assists in the preparation and analysis of accounting reports queries databases, and reconciles selected GL accounts. 4 yr degree in accounting or equivalent req. Min of 1 yr acctg exp is pref; Must have exp with Access & Excel. Ref Code: ACCT-FA RECEIPTS CLERK V Apply p ymts, prepare & reconcile reports, prepare pymts for deposit in a timely & accurate manner and research & resolve pymt issues. Qualifications: Diploma or GED & 2 yrs related exp and/or training; type 7000 kph (type test required) & working knowledge of Excel & Word. Ref Code: RCLK-FA DISBURSEMENT CLERK Review and process disbursements/pymts. Research and resolve disbursement/pymt issues. Candidatesmust have HS diploma & 2 yrs related exp and/or training; type 7000 kph (type test req) & working knowledge of Excel & Word. Ref Code: DCLK-FA Send resume (include Ref Code & salary requIrements).to: Tower HillHR, P.O. Box 141150, Gainesville, FL 326141150. Fax: (352) 333-6301. EmaIl: hrdept@thig.com DFWP. 4-3-5-14 SEEKING BUSINESS PARTNERS Earn comnmision on $400 billion telecommninication industry 18 & up. Serious money for serious people. Call 352-219-9551 4-45-14 Clerical Position -20 hrs temp. Strong written, communication & orgainizational skills. Proficient in Word, Excel & internet reseach. Self-starter & personable. Mail resumes to: Coalition 4035 NW 43rd St G-ville Fl 328064-4-5-14 Calico Jack's is now hiring cooks and servers. Accepting applicatIons M -F from 2 -4, Locatd In Creekulde Mall. No phone calls please 4-11-10-4 p 

PAGE 25

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2 ~ ~ HELP ANTD SERVICES 17 RESUMESITYPING SERVICES 18 PERSONALS 22 SPRING BREAK WAS AWEWSOMEI STS America's #1 studerft tour operator is now hiring on campus reps for 2003-04. 1-800-648-4849 www,ststravel.com 418-15-14 PAINTER HELPERS NEEDED Will train. FT & PT hrs avail. Must have transportation $6/hr to start.. Lv mssg 378-7013 4-11-10-14 SUMMER JOBS -Co-Ed Camp .Seven Weeks -$2100 Room & Board Included The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs male & female Summer Camp Counselors ages 18 & up. FEYC is an overnight camp located off of Hwy 450 in Umatilla, FL. The camp runs from June 9 -July 26. Please contact Krys Ragland at 800-523-1673 ext 251 or 352-669-9443 ext 251. 4-23-17-14 COMPUTER OPERATOR With retail sign design experience. Call 377-0666. 4-7-5-14 PERSONAL ASSISTANT Must have a car & be willing to do housekeeping, cooking, computer work & errands. $10/hr flexible schedule. Call Frank @ 352-494-1729. 4-4-4-14 NEED EXTRA INCOME? Part time or full time 4th largest & fastest growing telecommunications company. Call Barbara or Marilyn 866-963-2557. GAINESVILLE COUNTRY CLUB is now hiring certified lifeguards Must be avail. May-Oct Apply in person or mail dsaad@gainesvillegolf.com 7300 SW 35th Way DFWP/EOE. 4-8-5-14 3 YR OLD CLASSROOM childcare background. Mon thru Fri 2:30-6:30 pm. Ask for Lisa 336-1700 KINDERCARE on Museum Rd. 4-8-5-14 • Earn $10/hr Nationwide mortgage lender has immediate sales position avail for college students seeking professional work exp. No exp required flexible hrs. Apply in person btwn 7-9pm Mon-Fri. 1900 SW 34th St Suite 206, 2nd fl (above credit union). American FINANCIAL 4-23-16-14 COOK-LINE/FRY. Experienced Evenings PT/FT. Apply in person between 2pm-5pm. NAPOLATANO'S 606 NW 75th St. 4-7-414 Sky Niteclub & Water Bar are looking for bouncers, bartenders. NO experience necessary. Email contact info w/picture, resume & list of organizational/& Greek involvement to skyniteclub~aol.com 48-5-14 PART TIME DELIVERY DRIVERS & SERVICE STAFF -all shifts. Apply after 2pm @ Celebrations Catering, 904 N Main St *ALSO*DISHWASHERS -all shifts 4-8-5-14 15 SERVICES *THE ENGLISH HOUSE* IMPROVE YOUR ENGLISH Start Now! 103 N. Main St. 375-6422. 4-23-72-15 AAA STORAGE Close To UF, Convenient 4x4x4 $20/mo 4x~x8 $35/mo 533 SW 2nd Ave. 377-1771 4-23-72-15 IMPORT AUTO REPAIR BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW. Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality Craftsmanship & Reasonable Prices. Near UF, AAA Approved. 378-7930. www.carsmith.com. 4-23-72.15 .Hypnolti s a IIng. Improve memory & concenttlonh w sd habits. Past lifoe Lrn s614hy siS. Low $gtu ft" nsard Umans All --at~j~~I~ihKC AIY 16Qa an ++an -+ .+ .:. .& + .. .. ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Local and long distance moving. Free Estimates One item or a housefull Call Now! (352)374-4791 800-797-6766. 4-23-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING-300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-23-72-15 ** BELLY DANCE ** For Fun & Fitness Ethnic Dance Expressions Studio 384-9200 4-23-72-15 *VICTORY RIDING STABLE* We Rent Horses Large student group discounts available. Call for appointment 386-418-3776 4-23-72-15 SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE FARM Boarding $250 0 Lessons/English 0 Parties/Woodsers 0 Alachua County's oldest & finest horse farm 0 375-8080 4-23-72-15 IMMIGRATION LAW George L. Barnett (352)466-3182 4-23-72-15 **** BANNERS 0 SIGNS *** ENGRAVED AWARDS CUSTOM PRESENTATION POSTERS www.signpower.com SIGNMASTERS 335-7000 5-22-59-15 Access to Government Money How would you like to quickly learn how to get your hands on huge sums of money, free for the asking? Now you can! Go to watsonpublishing.itctv.com 5-2030-15 LASER HAIR REMOVAL. Spring Special $150 per treatment any area for month of April only! Call Electrolysis by Jessica 337-9252. 4-23-26-15 NEED A BABYSITTER? 2 year experience w/children at Shands. Certified CPR I can teach your child to draw & paint too. Drop your kids off at my house. 281-3693. 4-2-4-15 Permanents New Customers Inesita's Hair Salon $34.99 reg $50 Long hair extra walk-ins-welcome Daily 9-6 4008 NW 22nd Dr 374-8451. 4-8-5-15 HEALTH 16 SERVICES All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.gynpages.com/AWHC-Gville 4-23-72-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $99! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199. 4-23-72-16wwwhealing-experience.corn 4-23-52-16 6 Continents @ 42 Countries No Acne, No Gimmicks, No Kidding WWW.ACNETREATMENT.COM Since 1989 4-23-3516 TYIGSEVCS -17...SUMP Editing 0 Typesetting • Laser print • Cassettes transcribed 0 Resumes. As*iStinco for.ESL studelits S Rot. McGraw-HiN F-ditr+ 'Cal[ A rpa 3724W4-23-714t THE WEB'S PREMIER EDITING & PROOF-READING SERVICE. Describe your job & upload your documents online. It's quick, easy & convenient. Just go to www.editeasy.com 4-23-72-17 Term Paper Editing! Editing Performed by Professors and Graduate Students. Visit us at www.papercheck.com Or Call Us Toll Free at (866) 693-EDIT 4-9-10-17 RESUME WRITING S Resumes S Cdver Letters Career Guidance. Flat rate. Call Today 332-1663. 4-11-10-17 SAME DAY Transcriptions, Spanish/English translation, typing, apps. & Desktop pub: brochures, newsletters, flyers, ads, logos. Resume service. 16 yrs exp. 24hr turnaround. Connie 377-2411 4-4-5-17 18 PERSONALS Anonymous HIV Antibody Testing Alachua County Health-Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480. 4-23-72-18 GUNS! GUNS! GUNS! 1800 Gun Inventory Over 500 handguns in stock Buy, Sell, Trade or Repair. Reloading Supplies 466-3340 Harry Beckwith, Gun Dealer 8mi. South of G'ville on 441 5-20-75-18 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 PEACE CORPS? PLAN TO TRAVEL? Get some English teaching experience at The English House. 375-6422 103 N Main St 4-23-72-18 CASH for CDs + DVDs. Buy-sell-trade Giant inventory of hard to find CDsCD's $6.99 and higher. Buy 2 get a 3rd free. VHS $5 & less HEAR AGAIN CD's 818 W. University. 4-23-72-18 FLASHBACKS Buys and Sells clothes. We pay cash. No appointment necessary. We buy 10-5 M-Sat. Shop 10-6. 211 W Univ Ave. 375-3752 Downtown 4-23-7218 $STUDENTS GET CASH$ For quality used clothing+furniture Get cash on the spot! Call Sandy's Consignment 372-1226. 423-72-18 Vegetarian? TRY BOOK LOVER'S CAFE Inside Books, Inc. 505 NW 13 St. 10-9 384-0090 www.bedroomjoys.com For 10% off orders over $50 Type TOYS in ODt. Info box ROCKET FUEL COFFEE High Caffeine Coffee Get the edge! THE coffee for Finals, +Midterms, tests, reports. Z-COFFEE COPORATION... To order www.z-coffee.com or 1-800-828-4064 4-23-20-18 STUDY ABROAD WITH CEA England, Italy, Spain, France, Australia. Request a free catalog. www.GoWithCEA.com 4-4-6-18 19 CONNECTIONS Chat live free, gay str-8 or bi. Call the Singles Network free @ 373-7272. 24hrs. Great way to meet cool people and it works. Chat live with others. 4-23-72-19 CHATROPOLIS.COM The worlds #1 chat site. Totally anonymous! No regisration, email address or download needed. Meet someone today. www.ChatRepolis.com 4-3-5-19 World's Most Unique Online! Introduction & People Networking Service! *Meet New Friends-Find That Someone Special." www.6+2online.com/sassielas EVENTS 20 NOTICES Is your organization planning an event? You-can place your notice in this section for as little-as $5.50 for five lines! 373FIND. UNION STREET FARMERS' MARKET Every Wed 4-7pm by the Hippodrome downtown 4-23-72-20 FRATERNITIESOSOROITIES CLUBSOSTUDENT GROUPS Earn $1,000-$2,000 this semester with a proven CampusFundraiser 3 hour fund raising event. Our programs make fundraising easy with no risks. Fund raising dates are filling quickly, so get with the program! It works. Contact CampusFundraiser at (888) 923-3238, or visit www.campusfundraiser.com 4-3-12-20 Excel/Vartec IR Wealth Seminar Learn & Earn. Reception follows. Pay off student loans. Pay tuition. Perfect Career Plan B. Worth your own schedule. 1-866-203-7974, 4-3-3-20 Agriculture the Other Culture 2003 Sustainable Ag WeekApr 7-13 Parade of Farms Tour $20/carApr 12-13 Market Festivals Local Cousine Call 352-377-6345 for more info. 21 ENTERTAINMENT www.ROCKYCREEKPAINTBALL.com FREEBIE SPECIAL Minutes from campus, Safety certified, Action packed, supervised 371-2092 4-23-72-21 WALDO FARMER & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255. www.FIRSTSTRIKEPAINTBALL.Com G'ville's Friendliest Field! Call for the best group rates! 338-8408. 22 TICKETS Your ticket to savings...Alligator coupons! Find them everyday in the nation's largest college newspaper. ***EUROPE $398 RT*** Spring -& Summer! Student Eurailpasses also avail Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-23-28-22 ***WEST COAST $188 RT *** LAX, SFO, Vegas, Phoenix, Seattle & More! Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-23-28-22 ***AIRFARE $138 RT*** NYC, Wash, DC, New England, more. Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 23 RIDES GMG TRANSPORT 19 Yrs. as the Official So..FI. Bus Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $40 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.GMGTRANS.com 4-23-72-23 GATOREXPRESS.COM *ORLANDO*JACKSONVILLE* *AIRPORTS*HOTELS*ATTRACTIONS email: becky@gatorexpress.com (352) 528-6048 (25c toll call) 4-23-72-23 Miami Bus Service $35 R/T W.P Bch, POMPANO, MIAMI Departures: Fri 2:00 & 4:30 pm 335-8116 www.miamibusservice.com 4-23-72-23 Need a ride to church? Westside Baptist Church bus will pick you up on campus. Rawlings Hall 8:30 Gator Corner 8:40 and more. Call 333-7700 tor more info. 24 PETS Furry, feathery, scaly...No, not your roommate... Pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. FROZEN RODENTS -RATS: price start @ $0.90 to $3 for large; MICE: start @ $0.70 to $1; RABBITS: $2.50/lb. Quanity discounts avail. Call 870-4525 4-4-20-24 FANCY DWARF HAMSTERS $5 to $15 each. For pics & info see www.geocities.com/floridahamster/ Email betta5@yahoo.com or call 378-2664 & leave a message 4-9-10-24 25 LOST & FOUND Everybody knows how awful it feels to lose something. If you find something, call the Alligator at 373-FIND and we'll place a free "Found' ad for you in this section. (Offer does not apply to "Lost" ads.) Be kind to someone.who's lost what you've found. IThis is notimeimb 1 to dilly-Daliiioo • i I I II[' i + -----,* I 

PAGE 26

ALLIGATOR, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2003 Gators get break from SEC schedule, fce FAMU By Brian Shaffer Alligator Writer The UF baseball team has made it a goal to prove the doubters wrong this season, and to this point, the Gators have. However, before the team attempts to quiet the experts wb are quick to point out the Ga ors have yet to win a road ga ie, the team must focus on to: ight's opponent, Florida A& M. -F (22-6-1, 5-3-1 Southeastpor Conference) will play host to the Rattlers tonight at McKethan Stadium with the first pitch scheduled for 6:30. Looking to add to their current five-game winning streak, the Gators know they can not overlook FAMU in a haste to get back into SEC play. "Our ultimate goal [for the mid-week games] is to win every one," first baseman C.J. Smith said. "But we want to keep in tune and keep getting our at-bats. If we just played the weekend series and not play anything in between, it would be hard." Getting tie team to switch its focus after having experienced DAVID ZENTZ I ALLIGATOR STAFF First baseman C.J. Smith slides into the power-hitter role after the absence of last year's first baseman, Ryan Shealy. Smith leads the Gators with nine home runs. recent conference success is the task Coach Pat McMahon and his staff are concentrating on. "Once you start conference play, and play in the middle of the week, one has to be able to mind-shift back to nonconference games," he said. "Because every game is as important at the end'as it is when we start the season." The coaches will be watching for continued improvement by the team in-every area of play -pitching, offense and defense -as well as monitoring how the team reacts to the environment of a nonconference game, McMahon said. Offensive improvement this season has come from, among many newcomers, the sophomore Smith, who is second on the team in batting average at .380 and is the team leader in slugging percentage at .740. The past two seasons have been rough for Smith, waiting his turn behind former Gator Ryan Shealy. But after Shealy moved on, Smith's patience has paid off with a starting spot at first base, and the Tampa native has responded with solid production. While critics had UF pegged for a mediocre year, Smith and his teammates knew the kind of ball club they would put on the field in 2003. "That's how it always is," Smith said. "People are going to say that you don't have the pitching staff, or whatever. "But, we knew what we had. We have a very good team and we're coming through." After a three-game sweep of Tennessee over the weekend, UF sits at the top of the SEC Eastern Division. And with a road series upcoming against Vanderbilt, the Gators will look to allow those players who saw limited action against the Volunteers a chance to play tonight, McMahon said. One of those players is pitcher Darren O'Day. The sophomore missed playing time during the weekend STEPHEN BAMONTE / ALLIGATOR while he suffered through a sickness. When asked if there is a possibility that O'Day could see some action against FAMU, McMahon said there was "no question." "Just before the ball game [against Tennessee], we found out he was sick... and we had to readjust our plans," McMahon said. "But that gave the opportunity for other guys to step forward -Tom Potter, Bryan Ball and Connor Falkenbach stepped forward." Doubleheader with Bulls rejuvenates in-state rivalry By Daniel Shanks Alligator Writer In-state rivals clash today as the UF softball team faces South Florida in a doubleheader in Tampa. The No. 24 Gators (27-10, 10-2 Southeastern Conference), faced No. 22 USF earlier in the season in the GRU Classic on Feb. 7. The Bulls gave UF all they could handle, but freshman Lindsey Cameron's heroics in the bottom of the seventh inning gave the Gators a 4-3 victory. "We pretty much know what to expect," said UF coach Karen Johns about the Gators' second meeting with the Bulls. "Obviously, they have a great pitching staff. They're throwing the ball really well, and they have great team speed, so defense is going to have to be on their *&~es.The defense, which had been a point of concern forJohns earlier in the season, has shown signs of improvement. "I think they've learned to relax a little bit better, have a little more confidence in what they're doing, ad I think they're just maturing" Johns said. The two teams were scheduled to meet An the kanship .game of the GRU .riaosko,outthelonts was canceled be-, Wof rain. an extra incentive to take the doubleheader. "It makes us a little more pumped up to go out there and kick their butt," senior Prissie Walden said. The doubleheader falls in the middle of the Gators' SEC schedule. After the two teams meet, the Gators go on to face Georgia and Alabama, who are both on top of their respective divisions. Despite interrupting the Gators' charge toward an SEC title, Johns said she welcomes the change of pace. "I think it's good for us," Johns said. "[USF] probably feel the same way. "They have a tough schedule in Conference USA coming up, and I think being able to play midweek like this against a good opponent keeps us fresh, keeps us on our-toes and ready to go." She said she also isn't worried about the team looking ahead to the remaining SEC schedule because many of the players have played with or against one another before, The big in-state rivalry plays a factor as well, she said. Since.the two toughest ieams in the SEC are coming up soo Walden said ,its crucial to play, welin hi doubleheader. iS, Very import becafet ur~~ carries 6merkdhigattugb~W de SFCC pitcher fills empty spot By Louis Anastasis Alligator Contributing Writer During an injury that was supposed to mar SFCC's softball season, Erin Guerra has stepped up to shoulder the Saints' (28-11-1, 12-5 Mid-Florida Conference) pitching load. Sophomore pitchers Laurie Lopez and Karenmarie Pena began the season as SFCC's two pitchers and had combined records of 15-2 through March 13. m Then, Pena went down with a lower back strain, and Coach Chris Ahern turned to Guerra. Since the injury, Gue~rra 1 has gone 5-3 and has helped Lopez move the SPORTS Saints in the right direction. Before winning in her first two starts of the season, Guerra had no collegiate experience as a pitcher. One of only five SFCC players from out of state, Guerra also has been a solid outfielder and productive hitter. Winning four of their previoussix games, the Saints split a doubleheader agant Lake Citykomuity C college on Tuesday. The game saw the et of Pena (9-4) as she appeatedan thenmbud for the first tkie inceher i.ury. On Friday, SFCC hosted Georgia Perimeter College and split a doubheader. 1h:n lrts nwere-nt very the' &alrgsilatthrown m-bu to edge the Jaguars 1-0. In game two, Georgia Perimeter outpitched SFCC for the 3-1 victory. SFCC traveled north to play South Georgia College in another doubleheader Saturday. Stellar pitching performances by Lopez and Guerra resulted in two SFCC victories. The first game was a 3-0 victory for the Saints. Lopez (13-4) threw a no-hitter while also hitting an RBI double from the plate. In the second game, Guerra matched Lopez with a no-hitter of her own. Eight of nine SFCC players scored in the second game while Renee Francis collected two RBI and two runs scored. Stacie Pestrak was a combined 5-7 with two triples on the day. Pestrak is hitting over .400 for the season. NO BASEBALL, JUST RAIN: The SFCC baseball team has been dealing with it all year, and this past week was no exception. After the March 25 win against the Lake City Community College Timberwolves, the Saints' following three, games have been postponed because of rain Games against LCCC-and St. Johns River Community Cag-have been recheduled intothe next twoweeU. The Saints have-slipped In their conference stands tThe baseball team plays .games in-each of the next-two Week& "Irs pardiculaily dfkol i r rtl hy&h~~ eb iojttt F- 

PAGE 27

JEREMY FOWLER FOWL LANGUAGE Baseball reigns during sluggish sports season As I strolled to class Tuesday, a lady approached me with a microphone by the O'Connell Center. My first instinct was she thought I resembled -let me think about this one -maybe Kyle, fronVthe movie "Road Trip?" How about Andrii Kirilenko of the Utah Jazz? Ingle Martin? I'm guessing it wasn't Ben Affleck, but that's not why she wanted to speak with me. I just happened to be the next affable student walking around when the Channel 5 TV station was attempting to do an April Fools spoof about the UF men's basketball team. Pretty much, they asked me to pretend the Gators hoopsters were going to the Final Four in front of the camera. .Man, that really would have fooled the world. Come on, Channel 5. The people in Slovenia know about UF's dismantling on national TV against Michigan State. After I respectfully declined and headed to class, however, it suddenly hit me why the broadcasters were lost like Ron Artest without a video camera. They simply felt they had no other UF sports to cover. They wanted to relive the glory days of the Gators hoopsters a month ago, when UF's chances for NCAA supremacy were still fresh. I then proceeded t8think about the days of early April, which can feel more like an Alaskan winter when it comes to the big-name UF sports. Spring football doesn't always make me want to do the Harlem shake. I'd rather eat glass sometimes tlian hear about the quarterback controversy, how well Gavin Dickey threw his screens or how many ounces of Gatorade Patrick Dosh drank after practice. It's just spring practice, and nothing is relevant until the fall. So UF needs a fearless leader right now in sports. It's got to be a sport that can ease the mind from the war with Iraq. We all can only take so much of Dan Rather's buzz cut and the 24-hour coverage. It took me sometime to figure it out, but I had the solution by the time I plopped Sdo wn in my class seat -UF baseball's got to do it. I knew it had to be One of the three big sports, and basketball and football just won't cut it right now. -I know what you're thinking: YoU'd probably rather listen to -Tom Brokaw speak about the war than watch Tom PotBut thsi the perfect situation for UF to appca coloru team. Th Gators are; public relations diecor .an4 oumer BeaHaraz ppaao th aieo S W AL ATO3' 3WEDES AAPI2,03 1 Sprain temporarily sidelines tailback By Jill Marlin Alligator Staff Writer jmartin@alligator.org Most likely, critics are pinning Ran Carthon as UF's starting tailback. But after a minor injury, Carthon temporarily will move-down on the depth chart for the next few days. Carthon, a senior, is expected to sit out for the week after suffering a foot injury Saturday. He did not dress for Tuesday's practice, and he was on the sideline with crutches while wearing a protective boot on his left leg. However, the injury is not serious, Carthon and Coach Ron Zook both said Tuesday. "I think it's just a sprained foot," Zook said. "They did a bone scan, and there's not any problem there." Carthon said at the end of practice Tuesday that someone landed on his foot when he was running with the ball at Saturday's scrimmage. Carthon said he hopes to practice in the next few days. Cornerback Deshawn Carter has not been cleared to fully participate in practices because of a breathing problem he has had for the last two weeks. Carter, a sophomore, was held out of Saturday's scrimmage. Zook said he does not have all of the information on Carter's diagnosis. "I don't know. [The doctors] haven't called back," Zook said. "They can't release everything. He has to sign a release and do all that stuff for the doctors to tell us. I don't think it's going to be a problem." Zook said Carter can participate in what he called "mild activity." "I don't foresee it being a major problem," Zook said. After suffering a possible concussion at Saturday's scrimmage, sophomore quarterback Ingle Martin participated Tuesday with Patrick Dosh and Gavin Dickey. LINEBACKER SHIFT CONTINUES: Although Taurean Charles is back from his two-week suspension, he may not return to middle linebacker. When Charles was suspended at the bN ginning of spring practice, UF moved junior Todd McCullough to the middle. McCullough started four games last season and has the most experience of the group competing for starting roles. "He's played outside. Now he's played inside and doing everything the way we're doing with techniques and so forth," Zook said. "Playing two spots gives you depth." Although Zook has not said why he suspended Charles, the redshirt freshman is back in the Coach's favor after missing the first half of spring practice. "He's done the things he's supposed to do to get back out there," Zook said. Gymnastics uses SEC experience as lesson By Brian Shaffer Alligator Writer The UF gymnastics team's trip to Birmingham, Ala., can be summed up as unfulfilled expectations. While the Gators placed third for the third cohsecutive year at the Southeastern Conference Championship, this was the year they were supposed to take the next step. "Sometimes, as a program or a team, the SEC Championship is more difficult mentally and physically than a national championship itself," Coach Rhonda Faehn said. "It is a high pressure situation with a lot going on. So, for us, it is great that we experienced that and got through it and are learning from it." UF is looking at what happened at-the SEC Championship in two ways -as a lesson learned and as motivation. "With each meet, we gain experience and we have a couple of new girls out there, and it was their first SECs, their first big postseason meet, and now they know what it's like," senior Jenny Carow said. "So, maybe now it won't be so intimidating for them." Carow mentioned the UF upperclassman have helped the first-year gyamnasts to remain calm in order to fight off being overwhelmed in their first opportunity to compete in the high-pressure atmosphere of a collegiate postseason. Although her team was sent reeling from Birmingham, Faehn said she knows the two weeks off from the SEC Champi6nship to NCAA Regional competition will help mend those wounds and allow them to refocus. "Our goal is to fix the mistakes that happened at 'ECs ad bit our routines [at Region s," said Faehn about h e teams current mludset, stsar on floor:hitting al six routines and then move on to vault and be extremely consistent and compete aggressively and confidently." BOUNCING BACK ON BARS: After spending several weeks as the nation's top team on uneven bars and holding the No. 4 spot in the bars rankings going into the SEC Championships, the Gators posted their lowest score of the year at an inopportune time. "I know that their confidence has definitely not taken a hit," said Faehn after talking the performance over with the bars lineup. "I think [their reaction] was more of just shock. Most teams have had to struggle with something like that happening throughout the season, and I think our bars team was spoiled in that it hasn't happened to them this season." While Faehn said it was too early to tell if she would tweak the lineup that competed at the SEC Championship for Regional competition, one addition is possible. This addition might be thO return of freshman Sherie Owens, who is set to return in the near future after suffering from a dislocated knee. "We still have another week and a half of training, and we're really going to have to see wbt, transpires thattimFaeh-a sid,-:"Wel see ifShei'saeAoget-back in there on her lend ig d to see h6w eeyone else_ rdoes. Tr CT A-411 .'' ., I DID NOT KNOW THAT ... Former Gator Emmitt Smith wlIbe hoioi at halftime of the Orange and BluiSprig Football Game on April 12 at 1 p.m. 

PAGE 28

-j''. 41. 
