
PAGE 1

the independent florida Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida We Inform. You Decide. D MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 HERE WE GO AGAIN UF OSU meet in rematch By JENNA MARINA Alligator Staff Writer jmarina@alligator.org ATLANTA -UF vs. Ohio State? It must be national championship night. With that in mind, the UF football team has flooded the Gators with phone calls and text messages since Saturday night, all bestowing the same advice. "We're the Gators," forward Joakim Noah said. "We got to come back with the ring." The Gators (34-5) will face the Buckeyes (35-3) for the second time this year in a title game when the No. 1 seeds meet tonight at 9 in the Georgia Dome. The Buckeyes refuse to look at their basketball game as a chance to redeem their 41-14 title game loss in football. "The relevance from the football, honestly, means nothing, has no bearing whatsoever on the game," Ohio State men's basketball coach Thad Matta said. What seems to have more weight, however, is Ohio State's 86-60 loss to the Gators in Gainesville on Dec. 23. "It's embarrassing getting beat by 26," guard Jamar Butler said. "Some guys may say (it's not in the back of their minds), but it's in the back of mine." Both teams assured that fans would be in for a different game Monday night. In December, UF junior Al Horford and Ohio State freshman Greg Oden weren't 100 percent. Horford played irt his first game since suffering an ankle sprain. Oden, who sat part of the game because of foul trouble, was recovering from torn llgaments in his right wrist. The loss may have been the best thing for Ohio State players, who walked away with a new attitude and have not looked back since. "We're the. Gators. We got to come back with the ring." Joakim Noah U F forward "We've grown as a team since then," point guard Mike Conley Jr. said. "Our defense wasn't where it's at right now. I think we've gotten a lot better and a lot more confident. "I think we'll be a lot better off in this game." Since the last meeting, Ohio State has only lost once -at Wisconsin on Jan. 9 -and has won 22 straight games. The Buckeyes plan to continue their streak and make the win a sweet one. "There's a revenge factor for us, sure," forward Ivan Harris SEE HOOPS, PAGE 28 Tim Casey / Allgator Staff UF junior forward Al Horford does the Gator chomp toward fans after the Final Four game between the Gators and UCLA on Saturday at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta. The Gators won 76-66 to advance to the championship game tonight against Ohio State. UF football player charged for parking lot fistfight E POLICE FOUND DUSTIN DOE FIGHTING TWO MEN. By JESSICA PONN Alligator Writer A UF football player set to be a starter for the 2007 season was involved in a fistfight early Sunday morning that ended in misdemeanor charges, according to a police report. Dt stin Doe, rated as one of thetop linebackers in the country for the 2006 football class according to Scout.com, was charged with affray, or fighting in a public place, the report states. Gainesville Police Department officers arrived at a parking lot at 200 NW ing to the police report. Second St. They were among more than at about 2:30 20 others who were fighting in a.m. Sunday the same parking lot, said GPD to find Doe in spokesman Keith Kameg. a fistfight with The cause of the fights, he two other men said, is still unknown. Doe -Raymond When police approached the L. Smoaks, 19, scene, several of the men atand Jeffrey J. Brown, 21, accordtacked a GPD horse, Kameg said, forcing the officers to use pepper spray. Most people fled the scene at that point, Kameg said. Doe, Smoaks and Brown are the only men who were caught. Doe is a 6-foot, 209-pound sophomore from Jasper. He declined to comment on the incident. "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" -The O'Connell Center will be open tonight for fans who want to watch the Gators defend their men's basketball national championship title against Ohio State University. The gates will open at 7:30 p.m. For story, see pg. 12. FORECAST 2 OPINIONS CLASSIFIEDS CROSSWORD SPORTS 6 15 21 24 visit www.alligator.org VOLUME 100 ISSUE 127 N Lee Humphrey (right) has been heating up as his college career has been winding down. After breaking an NCAA record Saturday, he hopes to cap his tenure with another title. See story, pg. 24. Partly cloudy 86/59 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR EMONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 News Today WHAT S HAPPENING Ticket Sale Turlington Plaza, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m, Kappa Upsilon Chi Fraternity .sells tickets for a philanthropy benefiting Desire Street Ministries. Pride Carnival North Lawn, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Pride Awareness Month begins with food and inflatable play equipment. Nutrition Lecture CSE Bldg., Rm. E121, 4:05 p.m. The food science and human nutrition department presents "Naturally Occurring Immune Substances in Milk" with graduate student Dylan Hagerty. "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" FORECAST TODAY PARTLY CLOUDY 86/59' TUESDAY PARTLY CLOUDY 87/59 WEDNESDAY THUNDER STORMS 86/56 THURSDAY PARTLY CLOUDY 82/47 -the independent florida VOLUME 100 ISSUE 126 ISSN 0889-2423 Ma FRIDAY -l. <rr SUNNY 77/45 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Jessica Riffel, jriffel@alligator.org Managing Editor/ Print Kat Laskowski, klaskowski@alligator.org naging Editor/ New Media Brett Roegiers, broegiers@alligator.org University Editor Chad Smith, csmith@alligator.org Metro Editor Dominick Tao, dtao@alligator.org Enterprise Editor Alejandra Cancino, acartcino@olligatorg Freelance Editor Beth Romanik bromanik@alligator.org Opinions Editor Jessica Holland,jholland@ailigator.org Sports Editor Nick Zaccardi, nzaccardi@alligator.org Sports Assistant Editor Brian Steele, bsteele@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor BryanJones, bjones@alligator.org Editorial Board Jessica Riffel, Kat Laskowski, Jessica Holland, Tom Durrenberger, Leigh Shapiro, Jonathan Tietz Photo Editors Luanne Dietz, ldietz@alligator.org Jeremiah Wilson, jwilson@alligator.org the Avenue Editor Cristina Barone, cbarone@alligator.org Art Director A.S. Williams Graphics Chief Jennifer LaBrie Graphics Staff Kim Wilmath Copy Desk Chiefs Adam Berry, Jaci Charney-Perez, Jennifer Klee, Jenn Pfaff Copy Editors Spencer Davis VanNess, Joe Hunter, Chantalle Johnson, Hilary Lehman, Collin McLeod, Jessica McHugh, Aimee Sachs, Shanni Scherer, Jennifer Shepard, Christa Wagers, Heather Waters, Jake VanSchoick Staff Louis Anastasis, Antonio Gonzalez, Drew Harwell, Jenna Marina, Ales Tiegen, Dan Treat New Media Assistant Editor Jeremy McMullin New Media Staff Kaela Hill Ombudsman Mike Jayne, mjayne@alligator.org "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" CORRECTION A proposed amendment to the Gainesville towing ordinance will require drivers to take digital photographs of cars before towing them. They are not currently required to do so. We reported otherwise in Friday's Alligator. The Alligator strives to be accurate and, clear in its news reports and editoriais-Q if you find an error, please' nail our newsroom at (352)37-4458 or send an -mail to editoraligatorrg.o DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482,800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Marianne Cooper, mcooper@alligator.org Office Assistant Sarah Buckwald, Sara Henry Intern Coordinator Sara Henry Sales Representatives Mirian Bobadilla, Natalie Kent, Shannon Hagen, Morgan Morillo, Katie Gaidouk, Jonah Wurzer-Kinsler, Elaine Dyjak, Anjalee Khemlani, Lauren Solomon CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015 (Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@ailigator.org Classified Clerks Lilly Tudela, Dan Cribb, Samantha Wright, Cassia Sookhoo CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, .smckearnan@alligator.org Operations Assistant Chris Kovachev BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Pelham, rpelham@alligator.org Accounts Receivable Supervisor Sharin Sexton ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Manager Jovanna Bell, Rocio S Johnson, Jessica Mendoza Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, Imcgowan@alligator.org President Emeritus C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org PRODUCTION/SYSTEMS Production/Systems Manager Vern Bean, vbean@alligator.org Assistant Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgockin@alligator.org Advertising Production Staff Kelly Skinner, Henry Thompson Jr, Katherine Eastman, Ronald Monahan Editorial Production Supervisor Kate Mullan, kmullan@alligator.org Editorial Production Staff Billy Bender, Kristin Bj6rnsen, Prissy Crapps, James Hibbs The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc., P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 -Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W. University Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for holidays. Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. @ Copyright 2005. All rights reserved. No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc. 

PAGE 3

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 U ALLIGATOR, 3 UF ADMINISTRATION Early decision admissions ditched by trustees By JESSICA DaSILVA Alligator Staff Writer jdasilva@alligator.org The UF Board of Trustees decided to eliminate the university's early decision admissions program during its meeting Friday morning. Instead of having three separate deadlines, the new admissions program will feature a single mid-November deadline. The early decision deadline contractually bound applicants to attend UF if accepted. In the new program, all applicants will receive word about acceptance in mid-February. Alfonso said the single deadline would eliminate a lot of misconceptions about the early decision program, such that as applicants had a better chance if they applied early. He also cited rumors that the requirements were more stringent for certain deadlines than for others. That wasn't necessarily true, he said. Because fewer applicants were accepted during the early deadline, it was more competitive. Some early decision applicants might have had a better chance had they applied during the regular admissions deadline, he said. For the fall 2006 semester, about half of the 4,462 freshman applicants who applied for early decision were accepted, according to UF statistics. The total number of freshman applicants that were accepted was 7,656, out of 15,935 who applied. Alfonso said another benefit of the new program is that it would allow students to take the SAT one more time than the previous program allowed. In an interview after the meeting, UF President Bernie Machen said he only had one concern about the new program. He said with only one deadline there would be a larger swarm of applications than in previous years. Though Machen said he thinks the end result will be fine, he's nervous that the influx will strain UF's Office of Admissions. He added that he was worried that a strained staff could result in a delay in sending out acceptance letters. But Machen said he thinks the change will draw a more diverse student population. "I think it's going to be good for both the university and the applicants because it will help us pick the best freshman class," Machen said. PLAYBOYS LOOKING FOR UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA COEDS TO APPEAR IN THE MAGAZINE'S OCTOBER 2007 "GIRLS OF THE SEC" PICTORIAL. AUDITIONS: APRIL 9"0 & 101 os AS EAaD STT OVR %EIAP VI 1 p algaR'No am do SP CAMPUS MIDTOWN STORE d Pizza so great, it'll make You lick your plate! I cams store on New Items: Salads Hot & Cold Subs Italian Entrees I 376-0680 'UF Plaza I -01111_0 YOU HAVE ASTHMA You may be eligible to participate in a study taking 2 asthma medicines combined in a single inhaler. The study involves 6 visits and lasts up to 18 weeks. F7 Call us today if you: Arc at least 12 years old Have had asthma for at least 1 year -Do not smoke Are not pregnant and not planning to become pregnant If qualified, you will receive at no charge: -Medication Examination and care by a lung doctor -Breathing tests Compensation up to $850 for time spent during the 6 visits For additional information contact: The Asthma Research Lab at the University of Florida (352)-273-6183 or toll free from outside Gainesville 1(877)-429-1302 8a.m. to 4p.m., Monday-Friday As a graduate student, do you need an edge in your teaching or research? Want to learn new Web skills but don't know where to start? Well, we've got the solution. Web Skills for Everyone MMC 6936 ALL the Web skills you ever wanted to learn and more. Learn how to: .create a multimedia blog. .showcase your digital photographs on the Web .collect and edit audio for the Web become a podcaster use social bookmarking distribute your videos on the Web .evaluate online resources for your research .and MUCH more. All with free or very cheap software. Course pack includes all software needed and extensive tutorials that you can copy and give to students and colleagues. Summer A, TW periods 2-3, TH period 2 To learn more, contact Prof. Lauren Hertel lhertel@jou.ufl.edu 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR U MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 SG's funding of pro-Israel ad raises ire of students H IT RAN IN WEDNESDAY'S ALLIGATOR. By ERIN EHRLICH Alligator Writer Muslim and pro-Palestine student groups are upset about a petition supporting the U.S.Israel alliance in the "War on Terror" that appeared in a Student Government-funded advertisement in Wednesday's Alligator. Yaser Ali, vice president of the UF student group Islam On Campus, said it's irresponsible for a group to use SG funds to push a partisan message that alienated many people. "While it may be legal, it's still unethical," Ali said. He said the petition is portrayed as representing the beliefs of SG and the UF student body. On Sunday members of student groups Nakba '48, Islam On Campus and Students for a Human Society met to discuss the ad, said Robert Heck, the Nakba '48 treasurer. Representatives of the coalition plan to express their concern at the Student Senate meeting Tuesday. "paid for by Student Government" "I think they should be honest on in the ad because the wording who's funding it," Heck said. doesn't directly influence politiStudent Body Treasurer Ryan cans, he added. Moseley said Grant Hubsher, president of the the full-page ad Jewish Student Union, said the ad was paid for by didn't credit the Jewish Student JewishAwareness Union or Jewish Awareness Month Month, an SGbecause the people who wrote the funded organizapetition and gathered signatures tion. were not members of either orgaMoseley and nization. officials in the SG Student Sen. Josh Weiss said he Finance Office signed the petition before Spring approved the ad, he said. Break but didn't-realize it was going The group was alowed to put to be published in the newspaper. Weiss said he was uneasy about the last sentence of the petition, which pledged support for "America's alliance with the state of Israel in the global War on Terror." UF assistant professor of history Matthew Jacobs said Israelis and Palestinians have their own ideas of what has occurred since the war between them in 1948. He said the reaction to the ad would have been the same if the petition were pro-Palestinian. "It's not surprising considering the very deep-seated conflict," he said. HEALTH After Medicaid c changes, birth control prices increase By BRITrANY DAVIS Alligator Writer bdavis@allgator.org Women who get their birth control at UF's Student Health Care Center may have a hard pill to swallow when they see their next bill. An increase in some birth control prices followed changes in a Medicaid rebate law that came into effect in January. The changes to the federal law did away with drug manufactures' incentives to provide discounts to student health care centers. Laura Tipton, SHCC's pharmacy manager, anticipated the price increase and stocked up in December. As a result, the birth control prices didn't increase until March. Tipton said the pharmacy fills about 40,000 birth control prescriptions per year. .While the prices for the Ortho Evra patch or the Depo-Provera shot stayed the same, some of the generic pills, which formerly cost $15 per month, are now $20. This change is small compared to the price hike for the NuvaRing, which went from $15 per month to $40. The jump has prompted some to search for cheaper birth control methods. "The NuvaRing used to be one of our top three sellers, but due to the recent price in"This might be a rallying point for women who may want to band together and work for some legislative change." Phylis Craig nurse practitioner at UF's Women's Clinic crease, it has dropped considerably," Tipton said. Even with the price increases, birth control drugs are inexpensive at the SHCC, compared to local pharmacies. But birth control is even cheaper at Planned Parenthood of North Central Florida, a nonprofit organization. At Planned Parenthood, a number of name-brand pills remain $15 per month, and the NuvaRing remains $20. Phylis Craig, a nurse practitioner at UF's Women's Clinic, said UF's pharmacy has kept its customers despite the increase. But she wouldn't be surprised if some clients began purchasing their pills at Planned Parenthood. Craig said the American College Health Association is lobbying to reverse the changes to the law. "All is not lost," she said. NMI Tuition increases S__ALONin September. PROFESIONAL Enroll now for PROFESSIONAL May and July. ACADEMY Your future in medicine. Barry University can help you get there with a Master of Science in Anatomy. The MS in Anatomyhelps you build a strong application to medical or dental school, or a career in research or academia. Full scholarships and a fully paid assistantship in your second year make it'even easier to reach your goal. When you become a Barry University student you join a caring community where the concept of the whole person is valued, and where a Catholic, liberal arts tradition supports your intellectual and cultural growth. The graceful, green campus is located just minutes from the ocean and next door to the vibrance of Miami. Ready to find out more? Call 305-899-3130 or visit barry.edu/anatom. BARRY UNIVERSITY SCHOOL O GRADUATE MEDICAL SCIENCES 11300 NE Second Avenue Miami Shores, FL 33161-6695 305-899-3130 800-756-6000, ext 3130 mweiner@mail.barry.edu www.barry.edu/anatomy 

PAGE 5

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 U ALLIGATOR, 5 Jeb snub worries trustees By JESSICA DaSILVA Alligator Staff Writer jdasilva@alligator.org As UF tries to push a tuition hike through the Republican state Legislature, the university's Board of Trustees is hoping the Faculty Senate's snub of former Gov. Jeb Bush won't have repercussions. Manny Fernandez, the board's chairman, said at a meeting Friday that he hopes the Senate's decision won't dissuade the Legislature from passing a bill that would allow UF to implement the "Academic Enhancement Program." If instituted, the program would charge all incoming UF students an extra $1,000 a year on top of tuition, starting in the fall. Neither Bright Futures nor the Florida Prepaid program would cover the fee. Fernandez said the program is one of the most critical bills in Tallahassee for UF this year. "I thought (the Senate's decision) was shortsighted," said Fernandez, who was appointed chairman by Bush. "It was not in the best interest of the faculty or students." During the meeting, Fernandez said Bush had been a steady force. behind UF and its faculty. As governor, Fernandez said Bush fought for faculty raises and a faculty benefit package. But Fernandez said the board would not override the Senate to issue the degree. In an interview after the meeting, UF President Benrie Machen agreed, saying the Senate failed to take Bush's relationship with UF into context. He called the decision a "mistake." He added that though the UF AlumniAssociation awardBush ed Bush honorary alumnus status two days after the Senate meeting, nothing could mitigate the effects of the Senate's actions. "I don't think you can counteract what the Senate did," Machen said. "(The decision) stands on its own." Fernandez said the best action for the board to take is to move on. "It's beyond us right now," he said. "This is the last time you'll hear -me talk about honorary degrees and Jeb Bush at the same time." STATE Office bet pools illegal By AMANDA McKENZIE Alligator Contributing Writer March Madness has struck, and many people are betting on their favorite teams in hopes of making a little cash. However, wagering on NCAA games, even in office pools or among friends, is illegal in most states, including Florida. Democratic state Sen. Jeff Plale, of Wisconsin, wants to make a change. He is proposing a new bill that will decriminalize small office pools in the state of Wisconsin. "It's truly a victiriless crime," Plale said in a telephone interview. "I think it should be a no-brainer." However, Jamie McCloskey, an associate athletic director at UF, said he does not see the NCAA changing the rules any time soon. "Gambling just isn't a good practice to get into," McCloskey said. Capt. Jeff Holcomb, the University Police Department spokesman, said it's illegal to gamble on sporting events in Florida. "Whoever plays or engages in cards or a game of chance for money or other value shall be charged with a misdemeanor," he said. "A sporting event is a game of chance, which is a second-degree misdemeanor that can be punishable with up to a year in jail." "Gambling just isn't a good practice to get into." Jamie McCloskey UF associate athletic director However, Holcomb said that it is not a crime that can be easily monitored. "We can only deal with those cases if they are reported and brought to our attention," he said. Plale said the difficulty of enforcing the law is the reason he thinks it needs to be amended. "I think it will remove a silly law in the books," Plale said. "I think it will give people some peace of mind to know that no one will come knocking down their door for throwing $20 into the office pool." Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Watch the 2007 NCAA Men's Basketball Championship Game on the Big Screen at the Orange & Brew The Orange & Brew is located on the ground floor at the Refiz Union. (352)392-1689 The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc. Publisher of gm the independent florida and alligator announces the opening for the position of Student Member at Large of the Board of Directors This unpaid position may be filled by a graduate or undergraduate student The application for this position is available at the reception desk at the entrance of the first floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Avenue, each weekday between 1 and 4pm from now until April 4th. Part of the application consists of short essays in answer to specific questions. Applicants should pick up applications far enough in advance to allow enough time to complete them by the deadline of 3pm by April 6th. More information is available for an applicant's mandatory reading at the time an application is picked up. Applicants should allow themselves 10 to 15 minutes of reading time when picking up an application. The application must be returned to the same office before 3pm April 6th. This is an absolute deadline. All returned applications will be copied andavailable to be read at The Alligator building prior to the selection meeting. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public, Friday, April 20th beginning at 2:30pm. Applicants must be present to be considered. Applicants must be currently enrolled, degree-seeking college or university students. Board of Directors applicants cannot be current or recent past employees or trainees of Campus Communications, Inc. FIoUla vs FbU Wednesday, Apr. 4 @ 4 & 6:30 PM The first 500 fans receive a free Gator Softball keychain; courtesy of Pepsi. Armed Forces Anoreciation Dav! 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR M MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 Bitter pill Increase in birth control costs affects UF students T hank you, Medicaid. Drug companies used to have incentives to provide college health care centers with deeply discounted drugs. But in January, changes were made to the Medicaid rebate law as part of an effort to reduce the national deficit. When the changes were proposed, college health officials said they did not realize the bill would affect students' prescription prices. As a result, you may have to pay more for prescriptions -namely, birth control -at UF's Student Health Care Center. According to the American College Health Association, almost 40 percent of undergraduate women use oral contraceptives. The SHCC fills about 40,000 prescriptions for birth control each year. The prices didn't-go up until now because many college health care centers, including UF's, stockpiled drug supplies because they knew the prices were rising and they wanted to keep costs down for students as long as possible. But centers can only hold so much inventory for so long. Many students only fill prescriptions every few months, so they haven't noticed the increase until now. The price of the Pill rose by $5 at the SHCC, which means women will have to pay $60 more per year. But the biggest hit goes to women who use the NuvaRing, one of the most popular forms of birth control sold at SHCC. They saw prices for their form of birth control rise almost threefold, from $15 to $40. Some health officials fear that some women may stop using birth control altogether because of the price increases. The SHCC prides itself on offering quality health care at competitive prices -and you can't beat the convenience factor. Go to class, hop over for a flu shot, and then meet up with a study group at the library? Sounds pretty good. So not only do students, many of whom already struggle financially, have to deal with paying for tuition, books, rent and beer, but now many of their medication costs will rise as well. Many women are seeking birth control elsewhere -namely, Planned Parenthood, which was not affected by the changes to the Medicaid laws. Some students have even been referred there by SHCC. We're glad that SHCC is legitimately trying to help students out by helping us save what little money we have. Of course, if women can get the Pill cheaper from Planned Parenthood, they should. But what about students who cannot easily get to the off-campus site? SHCC's advantage was its convenience, coupled with its competitive prices. But the blame does not fall on SHCC's shoulders. The government is at fault this time -surprise, surprise. The good news: The American CollegeHealth Association is lobbying to reverse the changes made to the law. But those changes aren't guaranteed. And even if they do make it through the legislative process, they won't take effect overnight. We need to stand up for reduced-price birth control for college students by writing to our senators and representatives. And hey, Student Government: This is a damn good issue you could lobby for on our behalf. the independent florida alligator Jessica Riffel EDITOR Kat Laskowski MANAGING EDITOR Jessica Holland OPINIONS EDITOR Tom Durrenberger Leigh Shapiro Jonathan Tietz EDITORIAL BOARD The Alligator encourages comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 woors (about neo letter-szed page. They mustbe yed, doble-spaced and must include the a rthors tame. clossifto and phone tombn. Names oil be withheld ithe 2iter shoes oustocaose. We reserve the right to edit tor Iaeth, grammar, style and libel. Send loe,,er to ien,,sealligato.org bring them to 1105 WO. Utiversity Aoe., or oen,them to tOO. Bee 14257, Gaitessille, FL 326n04-2257.colomns ot about 550 ords about otigital topics ond editorial cartoons ore also oeicome. Questions? Coil 376-4458. Opinions ALLIGATOR www.a Iigato o rg/opin ions Columrn Differences between equality, diversity ere you as stunned as I was last week te learn of all the employees at UF that have been white, this whole time, under our very noses? "My stars!" you probably cried out. "Have I interpreted this flowchart correctly?" To think of all those exposed white professors and administrators trudging home Monday and Tuesday -shoulders slumped, spirits low, knowing they would have to face their families -I almost pity them. Almost. If only they could have changed their races in time, if only they could have been some kind of islander -then we'd have had a university you could be proud of. Instead, we know only disgrace. I would keep mocking the notion that a person's racial background makes a difference if I thought you would laugh at the absurdity of the idea, rather than get angry because of what you think I'm saying. Last week's articles represent the latest iteration of the widespread misunderstanding and misapplication of the concepts of "racism," "equality" and "diversity." "Racism" is when you do something solely because of someone's race. If you try extra hard to recruit someone who is, let's say, black -that is an example of racism. The most important kind of "equality," in terms of society, is equal opportunity. If an organization -we'll say UF -gives all interested applicants due consideration for a position, that is an example of equal opportunity. Surprisingly, people can figure out for themselves whether they want to apply somewhere, no matter what race they are. "Diversity" means having a wide variety. People attending a university can have diverse ethnic backgrounds. However, since different ethnic backgrounds have no value over each other -white is not better than black, black is not better than white -ethnic diversity is irrelevant as long as racism is absent and equality present. See the previous Patrick Barrett two paragraphs. letters@amgator.org I wish this university would stop thinking about the races of its students, and faculty. Some people will think I'm racist for saying that. Does that confuse anyone else? How can you worry about race in order to get rid of racism? No one lobbies for racial diversity in athletics. Did I fail to become a great football player because I haven't "seen enough people who look like me" succeed in football? No, I just never picked it up. Will Joakim Noah not know how' to block the shots of players in "real world" basketball if he hasn't played against representatives of their race before? The idea is utterly racist. Race and performance are not connected. Besides, Noah can block everyone's shots. You might think that I just don't want as many minorities at UF But in reality, I don't want my kids -or yours -to grow up in a world where people waste time thinking about race. So let's stop the absurd speculationabout why blacks don't want to live in "rural north Florida." Let's investigate allegations of racial preference and discrimination and fire the offenders. Other than that, let's ignore all the qualities of our students and faculty that aren't related to their ability to do their jobs. Patrick Barrett is a junior majoring in Russian. His column appears on Mondays. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: Should stuFriday's question: Should UF dents receive discounted birth require every student to take a control drugs from SHCC? religion-based course? Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org 26% YES 74% NO 113 TOTAL VOTES 

PAGE 7

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 U ALLIGATOR, 7 Letters to the Editor Requiring religion courses wastes time I'm writing in response to Gordon Van Owen's Friday column. It would be a waste of resources for UF to require all students to take religion courses. As with current course requirements, uninterested students would swarm toward the easiest course they could find to fulfill the requirement and forget what they learned shortly after completing the course. Besides, classroom exposure to a chosen aspect of religion would not necessarily provide the foundation needed to understand the varied religious issues of today's world. Some students would come out with a general knowledge of different religious practices, while some would emerge with a more academic or philosophical understanding. A student who learned about the mathematics of the Bible could not necessarily have an intelligent exchange with someone whose religion class was about the history behind the Vedas -the sacred texts of Hinduism. Students interested in learning about religion could find relevant information on their own time and in their own way, be it on the Internet, in Library West or even in already existing -but not required -courses. Tolulope Bukola 1LS Sociology more relevant than religion I read Gordon Van Owen's column Friday in which he endorsed a general education requirement for a religion course in college. He cited Time magazine's recent cover story about Bible classes in our public schools to support his position. Time's article highlighted a lot of issues regarding these courses, including concerns about the current publishers who print textbooks for high school Bible classes. These textbooks are biased because they leave out the Bible's ties to many historical events, including the Inquisition, the Crusades and slavery. The historical truth should not be watered down for our nation's youth if these courses are to be taught. I argue in favor of a different approach. If we require a religion course to be taken, we should require a comparative world religion course. The intent of these changes in curriculum is to give students a view into a world that is not their own -where they are exposed to new cultures, concepts and people. If we required college students to take any kind of religion course, they may just take courses in the religions they already belong to, which is unlikely to offer them insights into other cultures. Mr. Van Owen's article states that religion is a prevalent issue these days. If that is the case, I recommend we support a general education requirement for a sociology course instead of a religion course, starting in high schools. Discussion regarding religion is less likely to be highly contentious if we were to all have some knowledge regarding sociological concepts such as social stratification and social mobility. During religious discussions that so frequently focus on social issues, our understanding of other people's problems seems to go out the window when we tow the line of our religious faith. Religion may not teach us all more compassion and understanding, but a sociology course might open our eyes to the troubles and concerns of our friends and neighbors. E E U SG, Alligator should fund paper The Alligator is a great avenue Stacey Kroto 4LS r recycling of discourse and free exchange of ideas for UF students. But it is also a source of waste. There are no easy and convenient means for students to recycle the 35,000 issues circulated every day. Many students would agree that most of the trash that lines the sidewalks and gutters on campus are bits and pieces of the day's Alligator. Uow much of the garbage hauled away at the end of the day is newsprint? I propose that the Alligator and Student Government make a concerted effort to set up a campaign to encourage recycling of each and every issue by conveniently placing many more collection bins near the paper vendors, along the sidewalks and next to every garbage can on campus and along University Avenue. I am pleased that the Alligator and UF at least put forth the crucial message to recycle what we can. However, the existing effort can and must be beefed up to encourage readers to engage in this crucial effort to reduce our frivolous consumption of earth's sustaining materials. This is the only home we've got, guys! John Griffin 3LS Alligator shouldn't have run SG-funded ad I was disappointed and offended by the ad printed in Wednesday's Alligator featuring the support for Israel by some students at the university. There is nothing wrong with student support for whomever, but to portray it as paid for by SG implies this is where we all stand -or where we should stand. I find it unacceptable, and frankly, if there were an ad featuring the Palestinian flag with the American flag and signatures of support, I highly doubt it would have even been considered for print. This act by SG and the Alligator alienates many people at UP and sends a signal to students, whether it was meant to or not, that this is the "right" place to stand on the issue of Israel-Palestine because this is where our country stands. Shouldn't that be up to the individuals to decide? This act further promotes Islamophobia, which is obviously not in need of promotion. This act promotes racism. I am ashamed of the Alligator for printing this. I am ashamed of SG for supporting this. I am ashamed to be a part of this university that prides itself in its diversity to the public, yet promotes racist views by printing this offensive material and not reacting to it when many contacted them to do so. There needs to be some damage control to fix the Islamophobia forced on students by this publication's support of war by "our country" and "our ally" against "the terrorists," as the advertisement presumably labels Palestinians, Arabs and Muslims. Shimaa Ghonim 1PD SG-funded ad misuses student money I was surprised to find SG using my tuition money to print a petition authored by the Jewish Student Union in Wednesday's Alligator, stating that "We, the students of the University of Florida," support the state of Israel in their nationalistic and military endeavors, among other things. It's exciting to see SG usher in this new era of ridiculous spending, where (hopefully) students will not have to go a day without seeing fully subsidized political propaganda in our student newspaper. I anxiously await the fullpage rebuttal to this piece. Maybe SG can even chip in for color photos, so we can see in vivid detail the realities of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Skeet Surrency 3AG TRUST IS EVERYTHING For something as important as your face or body, trust the team at the University of Florida Center for Cosmetic Surgery. We offer a wide range of advanced procedures and services to keep you looking your best, including: Breast Surgery e Aesthetic Facial Surgery a Liposculpture Injectible Filters for Lips'and Wrinkles a Skin Care Laser Therapy Call us today to schedule your FREE skin care consultation with our Fresh Faces medical professionals, and pick up complimentary skin care product samples. 0 University of Florida Center for Cosmetic Surgery Shands Th. Un.e-ity OfFlord&HealthSyste 352.265.8402 Shands.org New and Used Books Gifts, Cards, and Accessories Booll Cmaleryra Gainesville Legend West Mihopper Publix Shopping Cenber We buy books NWthBlvd. 6 NW435L 371-1234 LOT AC O\p *u CunaNcarcr I ,U Resume & Glamour Pinups Featuring A Digital Table Top Book 377-6583 2306 SW 13th St. Glamour-pics.orgu If youR r e rq, d i n-j-h i Mevrd, not p1 ying at eti anyay hy t p at Ionwood Check us out for v.*$0w/curt Vsh 4 1 ~5dy -Fr-Sun afte, 12PM 2100 NE 35th Ass. 334.312 iI~l ~ij II '4 amaramasamassammamaam J vlt .1 j 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR S MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 Gator fans gather in bars to root for basketball team THEIR CHEERS PUNCTUATE THE GAME. By DREW HARWELL Alligator Staff Writer dharwell@alligator.org Players dribble, fans drink. It's an unquestionable dynamic for spectators and sports junkies, especially on a Final Four game night in a Gainesville sports bar. In the land of beer and buffalo sauce, everybody's your buddy. Fans in sports bars are united by the team spirit radiating from a game played hundreds of miles away. This spirit was in full force Saturday night at JP Gators, a 13th Street bar and pool hall. Fans knocked back drinks and watched the UF basketball .team trounce the UCLA team. At the dimly lit bar, where wine glasses hung unused beneath Budweiser racing collectibles, pitchers were swigged and wings swallowed. Most fans congregated with drinks near the booths and watched the game on screens outside the bar, inside the bar, above their heads and on the wall. Gators fans in this bar coordiMen's nated a universal Basketball sound code to document the game: Missed shots were "Awww!", scored shots were "Ahhhh!" and hard hits were "Ohhh!" The unspoken code also translated into body language. Questionable calls, for instance, were always punctuated with upturned palms and open mouths. During game time, fans watched the screen closely. Commercials, on the other hand, served as discussion breaks or a good time to order another round of drinks. On the bar, clear shot glasses that resembled pawns on a chess board were refilled almost as fast as they were emptied. Some patrons, however, couldn't get their glasses refilled fast enough. How do you get that bar girl's attention, anyway? As the players gathered momentum during the first half, fans began expressing themselves. Some viewers took mental notes on the Bruin Hedge Move, as per the sportscasters' request. One patron yelled through the screen at Mike Conley Jr., an Ohio State basketball player, to "get ready, buddy." The bouncer, a dude with a UF exchange student Thufela Haque celebrates the Gators' victory over UCLA Saturday night with friends at JP Gators. The bar was packed with Gators fans who were there to root for their home Nicole Safker Alligator Staff team. bandana on his head and lipstick A muscled man in a hunting on his cheek, watched the door shirt made small talk with a benext to a table designed for 5 spectacled student, who student -which, at the time, sat 11. He chuckled awkwardly. gulped shots from the bar and "They gon' fight like hell fa stole glances at the screen when this thang," said one man at the no one was at the door. bar. Few viewers attempted to Close to him, a man with thick pronounce the name of UCLA dreads and sunglasses on his forward Luc Richard Mbah a forehead cradled an Albert the Moute. Alligator doll. As the game progressed, the As the game neared its end, No. 1 fingers stayed up longer the screens announced that UF and the cheers got louder. Some and Ohio State University would said that the start of the second play Monday for the national half meant you'd have to drink championship. twice as much. The crowd cheered, clapped With 18 minutes left in the and whooped harder than before. game, the cheers began. Strangers yelled across the bar "BLUUUE!" .to each other. The Albert doll "AW-RINJ!" danced. A bartender in a white halter At the, game's end, a few top took a break, leaning between people trickled out the door. a Jagermeister dispenser and a Some decided to stay and order set of pool balls. The other wore a shots. For them, the party was bottle opener as a necklace. just starting. n U _1" CDar 7-PR EoA/\NREN E? 7 7' >N Tuesday Wednesday Thursday kctoft CarnWVa/ at North Ope awn 1 oam-3pm / at Rio Pride E/eciont at Reitz 8-10p Union room 286 -9pm gasee-/y Be/ayeS at Reitz Union Colonnade 10am-3pm / kch Kianco at Grand Ballroom a-1Opm '2r g &cycs/<y at Grand Ballroom 8-1 opm '5>-cd'iccen at Grand Ballroom 7-Wpm n0n3 Cereony. K e .Boronstein n Ballroom at Rion Ballroom m 7-9 pm San',e-Se*c "anSo/SJng 3c a Plaza of the Americas 10am-3pM / 6et7%%poteA feat. S c-eycnn Cl-W at Reitz Uniort8-1opm, at North Lawn. 1 1am-apm/ Movie '3e,0,ar 'rg/t A//s at, Orange & BrevQ 7-9pm it S howin g of the ,C/esat Civic Media Center 7PmThe Cliks and Redboy at Rion Ballroom a-iipm QueerPr-Si: "Pretty in Pink" at Rion Ballroom 7-1Opm Road Clean-Up at Pres. House 2nd Ave. 11am-1pm i Picnic at S. Pavilion #2 Lake Wauburg 1 :30-5:30pm Dodgeball Fun at SW Rec. Center 1 m 1pmI Parking will be forbidden on University Avenue from1.3T Street to 22" Street, and on First Avenue from teStreet tolis Street. L Police will be very tolerant In 1 their patrolling because they want \ students to be able to celebrate and have a good time. However, officers will not tolerate fighting, fireworks or fires. K I :2 Kim Wilmath / Alligator Staff Monday Saturday at Reitz Union Room 286 5-7pm at Grand Ballroom 8-1 1pm Friday 

PAGE 9

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 E ALLIGATOR, 9 There's no place like home By DANIELLE TORRENT dtorrent@aligator.org Alligator Writer ORLANDO -My quest to find a drunken mass of orange and blue outside Gainesville began near the University of Central Florida's campus. As I approached the entrance of Orlando Ale House, I bumped into a group of UF students who were in Orlando for a rollerblade race. They said I could join their party. So I sauntered in. The scene wasn't orange and blue enough -only about a quarter of the tables seated a fan in Gator gear. But when the game began and the team ran onto the court across the screens of dozens of TVs in the bar, chants of "Gator Bait" overpowered the other chatter in the room. It's true -in Gainesville the chant would have been louder. But this wasn't Gainesville. The people at a table behind me and my new friends responded with a different cheer. "U-C-L-A, fight, fight, fight." That got my blood running. "Is that the only cheer you guys know?" shouted Sari Seid, 21, a UF applied physiology and kinesiology junior at my table. The Bruins didn't respond. At every three-point shot UF scored, cheers could -be heard throughout the restaurant. Boos from the UCLA table followed fast. In a nearby booth, there was a pair of married couples, each with one infant in a baby carrier beside them. One of them, Brent Driscoll, wore a blue 2006 Florida Gators basketball national champions collared shirt. One of the women at the table, Amy Kicklighter, was a UF alumna from the time when Danny Wuerffel and the Gators football team reigned supreme. "It's so much better being at Swamp with a bunch of Gator fans. You gotta do what you gotta do." Byron Valle UCF graduate Across the room, Kicklighter's husband, Matt Rebholtz, could be seen gazing up at the screen with a cup in one hand and his 2-month-old daughter, Shannon, in the other. Even in Orlando, I was able to share a win with other Gators. But there is no denying the words of UCF graduate Byron Valle, 21: "It's so much better being at Swamp with a bunch of Gator fans. You gotta do what you gotta do." Pageant, tournament fundraise for charity By JASON SILVER Alligator Contributing Writer Stages and soccer fields were full this week as the UF Greek community raised more than $10,000 for various charities. The Alpha Omicron Pi Sorority put on its 13th annual Mr. UF competition at the Phillips Center for the Performing Arts on Wednesday. Jaclyn Wenaas, the event's co-chairwoman, said 800 people came out to see the 19 contestants, who represented on-campus fraternities. Phi Delta Theta Fraternity's representative, Alex Basse, was named Mr. UF. For the talent portion of the contest, Basse imitated UF quarterback Tim Tebow, said Ryan Lipps, the fraternity's president. The event raised more than $10,000 for arthritis research. More people were able to attend the event this year because it moved from the Reitz Union' Ballroom to the Phillips Center, Wenaas said. Greek Also, the Kappa SPr .Sigma Fraternity held the Crescent Cup soccer tournament at Flavet Field on Tuesday Justin Reyes, the event's director, said the Chi Omega Sorority won the tournament. More than $1,500 was raised for March of Dimes, he said. Jason Silver is a UF junior and a metnber of Tau Epsilon Phi. Fraternity. Bike Financing A vailable 24 ma. interest Fre2 on selected bikes 352-373-4052 New UFl3icycles Only Sold Here 1630 W University Ave. Covance need participants t part in a clin research stu Qualified participants must be: s healthy o take ical dy -Healthy Males or Females -Age 18 to 55 -Non-tobacco users -Willing to make overnight stays Participants will receive all study-related exams and investigational medication at no cost. Compensation up to $3300 is available for time and participation. Call Sun. -Fri. for more information. 8 .10 1014 NW 57th Street. Suite, A 877.851.1050 Gainesville, FL Study 207465 www.TestWithTheBest.com ( Classic Carwash 4 FuH Daa g -Windw Tlnting 301 SW Archr Rd. 374-9227 GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERS 25% OF any one GNC Product Cannot be combined. Need coupon. 3914 SW Archer Rd Da Soecs 377-6020 Ex /.7 Finance$ not adding up? 500 plasma donors needed now! Wireless Internet Now Available! New donors earn $70* this week! includes tetanus shot bonus if qualified Qualified specialty donors earn over $900* in three months. paientamoums depending spas donation frequency& program Must have valid I0 alm with proof of SS# and socl resdency. Wa l-ins welcome, No appoint Aent nc A CETCL NNAB[ A*AClUTICAL I 

PAGE 10

10, ALLIGATOR U MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 UF sports titles draw prospective honors students E THE HOPEFUL APPLICANTS VISITED CAMPUS SATURDAY. By CHANTALLE CARLES Alligator Contributing Writer The Gators' victory in the 2007 national football and basketball championships did more than attract the best high school players for this year's teams. The wins also recruited some of the nation's top high school scholars. These students came together early Saturday morning for the Honors Program's annual Visitation Day, which provides prospective Gators a chance to visit the campus, meet with faculty members and talk with current honors students. "We hope to highlight the great things about UF, and hopefully those are just the things they want in a school," said Jessica Liu, a UF freshman and one of the event's coordinators. While UF's academics and dubs were of interest to the high school students, for some the biggest lure was the national championship trophy. "UF has an awesome football team, and it's important for me to go to a school with great academics and a great UF sports program," said Academics Nikki Fragosi, a prospective student from Tampa. Nathan McMahon, a high school senior from Jacksonville, must soon decide between going to UF or to Dartmouth. He is leaning toward UF and admits that the allure of being a student in "Championship City" is hard to pass up. "Winning the national championship game definitely made UF more attractive," he said. Each of the 300 invitees boasted a 4.0 grade point average and at least a 1430 SAT score -a fairly big increase compared to past incoming honors freshmen classes. Many students left Visitation Day hoping to one day call themselves a Gator. "Visitation Day really made me consider going here," McMahon said. "It's not just about being able to come here for free, but because I really like the school." CHARITY UF's Dance Marathon raises about $362K By ASHLEY CAIN Alligator Contributing Writer Listening to a mix of '80s music and rap, hundreds of UF students danced the night away -and the morning, too. For 32 hours, 642 dancers stayed awake and on their feet for the 13th annual Dance Marathon, held in the O'Connell Center. The event raised $362,378.17 for the Children's Miracle Network at the Shands Children's Hospital, bringing total donations for all 13 years to more Than $2.36 million. Puzzles, coloring books and giant plastic balls the gym floor were just a few of the items that helped keep dancers entertained and awake. But the highlight of the event for everyone was watching the Gators victory in the NCAA Final Four game on huge screens. "Watching the Gators get ready to play Ohio State in another championship game was the best part of the night," said freshman Taylor Siegel. While the basketball game helped dancers keep going, the event's message was not lost. Dance Marathon requires that participants stand for more than a full day so they can experience struggles like those the "Miracle Children" -children helped by the network -go through. "It's exciting because now I can give back what people gave to me." Callie Criser UF freshman Callie Criser, a UF freshman, knows exactly what it feels like to experience that kind of ordeal. Criser, 19, is a Miracle Child herself. This year she finally fulfilled her lifelong dream of participating in Dance Marathon. When she was 2 years old, she was treated at Shands Children's Andrew Stanfill / Alligator Dance Marathon participants play with bouncing balls to pass the time Saturday in the O'Connell Center. The event raised money and awareness for the Children's Miracle Network. Hospital at UF after contracting a case of E. coli that left her in a coma. Criser awoke from her coma, defying her doctor's prognosis that she wouldn't live. But she still suffered kidney failure and Type 1 diabetes. The network provided support to her family throughout her ordeal and still does to this day, Criser said. "It's exciting because now I can give back what people gave to me," she said. N,,CAN CE R Fmnally! Aprescription with side effects you want. Blueberries and red beans are powerful remedies against cancer. Research shows that fruits, vegetables, and other low-fat vegetarian foods may help prevent cancer and improve survival rates. A plantbased diet can also help lower cholesterol. For a free nutrition booklet with cancer fighting recipes, call tollfree 1-866-906-WELL or visit www.CancerProject.org NO COUPON NEEDED! NO EXPIRATION DATE TO REMEMBER! Just bring in a valid student ID to any Gainesville Jiffy Lube and receive OFF Jiffy Lube Signature Service@ Oil Change For more information, please visit: www.jiffylubesoutheast.com The Well-Oiled Machine Last chance to prepare for the June LSAT! Classes starting this week at Reitz Union Center: LSGF7004: April 3 -June 2, Tuesdays and Saturdays LSGF7003: April 4 -June 4, Mondays and Wednesdays Classes starting next week at 2nd Ave. Center: LSGA7004: April 9 -May 30, Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays LSGA7005: April 10 -May 31, Tuesdays and Thursdays Limited Seating Available. Reitz Union Center: 377-8050 2nd Ave. Center: 377-0014 Higher LSAT score guaranteed or your money back: Don't wait! call or visit us online today to enroll in complete LSAT prep. 1-800-KAP-TEST I kaptest.com/lsat 

PAGE 11

MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 M ALLIGATOR, 11 J0kEIs reign 0 Nternet for A ril Fool's Day fun E FACEBOOK SAID UF AND OHIO STATE CALLED A TIE. By KATIE PACKER Alligator Contributing Writer "Bracket Buster: Ohio State and Florida have mutually agreed on a tie and will not play the championship game," the Facebook Web site reported Sunday. On April 1, many popular Web sites played practical jokes on the readers they serve. Facebook, the social networking Web site used by many college students, ran bogus posts through its News Feed. A new "LivePoke" service, for instance, promised to dispatch a live person to literally poke a friend of the user's Student choice. L.e "I thought somebody hacked Facebook," said Michael Hacker, a UF freshman. "It was funny after I realized it was a joke." Google introduced two prank services: Gmail Paper, which claimed to deliver users' e-mails in paper form, and Google TiSP, which promised a free wireless network that would operate through sewage lines. Other popular sites posted fake content. NASA's Astronomy Picture of the Day, for instance, depicted the first Quidditch match played in space -a reference to the Harry Potter fantasy series. And fake products, including caffeine sticks that could be inhaled and a helmet attachment for the Wii, were featured on ThinkGeek.com. "I think it's great that Web sites can have a sense of humor," Hacker said. "It made my day." MUL tICLUA AIR Turkish ni i t Reitz features foOd, dance Andrew Stanfill / Alligator Performers demonstrate the kirklareli, one of several traditional Turkish dances, Sunday at an event celebrating Turkish culture in the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom. The event featured a Turkish meal, singers anq other performances. ByAMRAZEJNELI Alligator Contributing Writer About 300 people crowded intothe Reitz Union Grand Ballroom Sunday night to dance, eat and learn about Turkish culture. The crowd at the 29th annual Turkish Cultural Night, organized by the UF Turkish Student Association, was filled mostly with families. Everyone began the night by singing the national anthems of Turkey and the United States. There were also folk dances performed by the Turkish Folk Dances Group of Atlanta, live Turkish music, pictures and a video. There was also a dinner of traditional Turkish food, such as garnished eggplant, shepherd's salad and steamed rice, followed by baklava. UF freshman Altan Ozler, the association's treasurer, said the event costbetween $3,000 and $4,000, with $1,000 from Student Government. The rest of the money was donated from Turkish faculty members at UP. "The food is great, the people are really nice, and the buildings arejust spectacular. But it's not as great as Tampa." David Denslow UF professor The guest speaker of the evening was UF professor David Denslow, whose wife lived in Turkey Two years ago, he and his family took their first trip to Istanbul together. "The food is great, the people are really nice, and the buildings arejust spectacular," he said. "But it's not as great as Tampa." Apply and register today!. 954.201.7200 www.broward.edu BROWARD COMMUNITY COLLEGE WE KEEP YOU THINKING. Regs r Soay sUmme Ct7ass7-eS, -egan soon 

PAGE 12

12, ALLIGATOR N MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 UF BASKETBALL Championship% to be aired at O'Connell Center By CHAD SMITH Alligator Staff Writer csmith@alligator.org UF fans will be there along with the cheerleading squad and the Dazzlers, and the hardwood will be game-ready. The only things missing will be the basketball team and the pep band's rendition of Paul Simon's "You Can Call Me Al." The O'Connell Center will be open for the public to watch -the Gators defend the men's basketball national title tonight on four bigscreen TVs. Gates will open at 7:30 p.m., and tip-off is scheduled for 9:21 p.m. Entry to the 12,000-seat arena is free and first-come, first-served, according to a press release. Everyone who attends will get a free T-shirt, according to the arena's Web site. In a rematch of January's football championship, the Gators will play the Ohio State University Buckeyes and will try to become the first repeat national champions since Duke University did it in the early '90s. About 10,200 fans came to the O'Connell Center to watch the football game, and about 6,000 were there to see last year's basketball championship game against the UCLA Bruins. Kim Wilmath / Alligator Staff a/\1 1j-liollhi Chah~OJI /1i)Broadcast LINES START FORMING @ 8 a.m. N-4onda -. April 2nd Andrew Stanfill / Alligator Barricades block off the sidewalks around the O'Connell Center on Sunday in preparation for the fans who will line up to watch the national championship basketball game Monday night. Gators celebrities, local businesses tee off for charity I DANNY WUERFFEL WAS ONE OF THE PARTICIPANTS. By JASON SILVER Alligator Contributing Writer While lined up to sign in at his golf tournament at the University Golf Course on Saturday morning, an anxious and excited Danny Wuerffel said he was looking forward to raising money for charities but he still had his competitive streak. More than 30 celebrities and former UF athletes, including Wuerffel, a Heisman Trophywinning former UF quarterback, paired up with representatives of sponsor companies at the Gators for Kids tournament. The entrance fees, donations and sponsorships raised about $80,000 for the Boys & Girls Club of Alachua County, On Wuerffel's Desire Campus Street Ministries, and Newspapers in Education, said Casey Smith, the event's director. "The tournament is an incredibly fun and easy way to help people," Wuerffel said. "It's also great to catch up with a lot of former teammates who I haven't seen in a while." Burkhardt Sales and Service won the golf tournament with a score of 51. Dwayne Dixon, a former Gators assistant head coach, was the celebrity on the team. Bruce Vaughan, another former Gators football player, said he thinks Gators players should feel obligated to come back and support Gainesville and UP. "When you sign on to play at UF, you realize the love Gators fans have for you," he said. "Not everything always goes well for everybody, and when bad things happen to them, you have to give back." With all of thea centers in Gai automobile service IGainesville rvc a about spreadin y success is reputation through u name and advertising h the unity. t~i allowed us to do jusit or PoLe at the Ali. 9 Just this. The our advertise gator have lrade ncreavtsing experience not about rising their business but all about growing ours. AAM4AC 50 aNs 8th Ave. Ga~nev'leF132601 *i It's not nice to fool with N Mother Nature. RECYCLE F I 

PAGE 13

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 U ALLIGATOR, 13 Andrew Clark, 6, King of hess is part of a localteam that won a recent tournament Though much of his world occupied by black and white kings and queens, Andrew Clark still has a colorful childhood, full of bright crayons and romps with his best friend -his dog, Precious. Andrew, 6, is learning chess at a young age. He started playing in August and has won more than half a dozen trophies, medals and awards for his accomplishments. Andrew's team of kindergartners and firstgraders at Oak Hall School in Special Gainesville holds many awards, -including the state chess champions title in their division. "I like chess because you get to have trophies," Andrew shid. Luanne Dietz/ Alligator Staff Above: Kindergartner Andrew Clark, 6, concentrates during chess club meeting at Oak Hall School in Gainesville. He practices with his team two to three times a week after school. Right: Andrew attempts to move out of a set-up "check" that his chess club teacher Tim Tusine arranged in order to help teach Andrew strategy. Below: Andrew Clark raises his yellow crayon in response to a question from his kindergarten teacher, Mrs. Curbow, on what color represents the sun in their color-by-number picture. Above: When Andrew isn't playing at school or competing in tournaments, he practices at home with his dad, Mark, on his greatgrandfather's chessboard. Below: Although Andrew likes the intellectual rigors of chess, he is still a 6-year-old who enjoys ice cream before bed. 

PAGE 14

14, ALLIGATOR E MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 CL i wo"kv- 

PAGE 15

BUY )f3T. S E LL IT. F IND I T, 37 3F I ND C assif eds MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/class For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent furnishe f nshe furnished urnishe unfurnished *SICK OF SHARING A BATHROOM?* Get your own this fall! 2Br/2Ba flats, *3Br/3Ba townhms FREE Tanning, WID, 24hr gym PC Lab, Gated, All Amenities, Pt Friendly Leasing for FALL*377-2777 4-25-72-1 NEED ROOMMATES?! All Inclusive 3's and 4's FREE Roommate Matching FREE Cable, Utilities, Internet FREE Furn, Tanning, 24hr Fitness Center Ask About our Huge 2/2.5 Townhouses 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Convenient Bus Routel 4-25-72-1 WISH YOU WERE HERE. UNIQUE and HUGE 2&3 Beds FREE Tanning FREE Cable Full W/D 24hr Gym We love pets! Call now for specials: 372-8100 4-25-72-1 1, 2, 3, 4BR Apts. www.ApartmentsinGainesville.com 4-25-72-1 LUXURY COLLEGE CRIBS! Furnished luxury private BR & BA. New 24 Hr Gym, Largest kitchens & Club House! Mile trail & 3 bus stops in complex! New Tan beds! From $499 352-271-3131 4-25-72-1 Roll Out of Bed & Into Class $469 -$499 Gets you all this! Fully Furnished, Free Ethernet, Free Cable w/HBO, FREE UTILITIES, W/D, Roommate match. 379-9300 4-25-72-1 Show Off! Spacious 2/2s 3/3s & 4/4s All Inclusive Resort Living LexingtonCrossingUF.com 373-9009 Live in Paradise Because you deserve it. 4-25-72-1 "BEST OF THE BEST** FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE GRU Ethernet*FREE Tanning FREE Alarm*FREE cable tv in kitchen* 24 hr gym *2/2 & 3/3 luxury suites Limited Space! From $510/per 374-FUNN 4-25-72-1 Super Clean Studio Walk to Shands Annual lease As low as $375 monthly Inc all utilties Phone 336-9836 4-25-72-2 THE MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET! Luxury 1/1 and 312 Starting at $789l-Leasing NOWAND FALL! Pets Welcome *Full Size W/D Close to Campus*Access to Luxury Amen. Don't let your future home get away, Stop by and see us today 352-367-9910 4-25-72-1 COLLEGIATE LIVING ORGANIZATION Spring leases available incl util, eth, meals & parking. Only 1 block from campus. 3774269. $315/mo Hl 4-25-69-1 10 Steps from Criser Hall All-InclOsive, Furnished Townhouses Virtual Tours: www.TheCourtyards.net 4-25-58-1 If you would like to CONTRIBUTE TO BUILDING A HOME FOR HOMELESS SCHOOL CHILDREN in our community, please call Ken at 352-339-1746 4-25-29-1 CLEAN, QUIET, GREAT LOCATION! 2BR/2BA fully furnished condo Oakbrook Walk, 5 min walk to UF Avail May 5, $550/mo utils.incl. 904-887-5459 or 904-655-0046 4-11-14-1 FURNISHED EFFICIENCY Walk to UF. All utils incl. 352-283-6820 43-5-1 Spacious UTW 4/4 Condos!!!! Less Than 1 Mile From UF!!!! Prvt baths -Utility credit -$425 mo. Call now -954-651-1864 4-17-15-1 4BR/4BA condo, walk-in closets. Fully furnished, wireless internet. Minutes from campus. 2 bus rtes. Only $399/room. Includes pool, patio, kitchen, W/D. Call 954-817-2465. Available Summer/Fall/Spring semesters. 4-1B-ID-1 **SORORITY ROW AREA** Experience the luxury @ Windsor Hall. Located 2 blocks to UF. Beautiful single and double suites starting @ $450 mo. Includes everything. Gym, Pool, DSL, Elec. Call 352-337-9255 or www.windsorhall.com 4-25-20-1 La Mancha -Walk to UF 8th Avenue. Rooms available May Prelease now -low fall rates Utilities/internet/cable included $400 per month 904-859-7524 5-31-26-1 For rent: furnished 2BR/2BA apt, 3rd floor TREEHOUSE VILLAGE Super-quiet. Inl W/D. $750/mo. 850-6210010 4-4-5-1 Avail Fall .3 Rms in house 1 mi. North of campus. Lots of parking, wifi internet. on bus route, 10 min bike ride to campus, nice neighborhood. 2 rms $350/mo each & Small rm $250/mo. all + 1/4 utils. 352-586-6926 4-11-10-1 *BEST DEAL*$385*BEST DEAL*$385* 2 blocks to UF. All inclusive. Fully furnished. FREE utilities FREE cable FREE internet POOL Spanish-style POOL. Laundry. Only $385. Call Action Realty 331-1133 4-6-5-1 For Rent unifrnished *QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS of GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1 BR apt. $345/mo. @1BR cottage $375/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-25-72-2 3BR AVAILABLE SUMMER Just blocks to UP! Pets ok Vaulted ceilings, ONLY $500/person! Open late and evenings Collegeparkuf.com 371-7777 4-25-72-2 LYONS SPECIAL $99 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-25-72-2 WAKE UP & WALK TO UF Studios, 1 & 2 bedroomsfor fall Starting @ $554 Pet friendly, Pool *Come See Us! Open Late 372-7111* 4-25-72-2 HUGE Floorplans I Leasing Now & Fall Open wkends! 1 from $629 2 from $689 3 from $829 Pools! Pets ok Bike to UF 335-7275 4-25-72-2 BE THE CENTER OF ATTENTION IN YOUR DOWNTOWN LUXURY APT Studios*Ones*Two & Three Bedroom THs Great location-walk to bars, bike/walk to UF Going fast-reserve now 338-0002 4-25-72-2 Apartments off SW 20th Ave. Close to shopping, bus line and a few miles from UF. Price range $425 to $525. Includes water, sewer, garbage and pest control. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066 Mon-Fri. 4-25-72-2 t Move in Today or Fall Walk/Bike to UF Pets ok Affordable rates from $5401. Great pools/courtyards! Open wkends 372-7555 4-25-72-2 Deluxe, Large 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 Iv message 4-25-72-2 We've got big ones! Huge 1 and 2BR Apts Pool, Alarm, Tennis, Free UF Parking Pinetreegardens.com 352-376-4002 4-25-72-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 secend walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio de6k. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $595up. 352-538-2181. Lv msg 4-25-72-2 *SLEEP IN* *GET TO CLASS ON TIME* Close to UFIII Luxury 1/1, 2/2 flats & 3/3 TH FREE cable HBO/Show & Tanning Gated *Alarms Pet Friendly Oxford Manor, 377-2777 4-25-72-2 "New Luxury Villas" Fenced yard perfect for pets! HUGE 1, 2 & 3BRs with W/D FREE Cable w/HBO/Showtime* Alarm *Tanning from $510 Limited Space*374-3866 4-25-72-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 4-25-72-2 WALK TO THE BARS 2 and 3 BR for FALL Just blocks to campus! Open late and weekends! Collegeparkuf.com 371-7777 4-25-72-2 SIGN A LEASE, WIN A PS3! Luxury 1, 2, and 3s! Cable*Tanning*Gated*Sauna 24-Hr Gyr*Ask for Furn and RMM Leasing NOW and FALL! (352) 335-4455 4-25-72-2 ALL PAWS ABOARD Spread out in a 1, 2 or 3 BR NOW! Located by Butler Plaza Movie Theatrer *We Can Help Find YOUR Perfect Home* For More Details Call Now 373-1111 4-25-72-2 TREMENDOUS TOWNHOMES 2/2 & 3/3 townhomes Avail Summer/Fall '07 Cable w/HBO, tanning, gym Private Dog Park*AII the extras! Call for specials 377-2801 4-25-72-2 Get yours before it's gone! Spacious 1, 2, 3, or 4BR close to UF. Includes water, sewer, 2 pools, On-site laundry, gym, & we love pets! Call 376-2507 or www.BivensCove.com 4-25-72-2 SPRING into Something Spectacular LUXURY-HUGE 2 & 3 Beds Cable PC Lab Tanning *W/D www.greenwichgreen.net 4-25-72-2 BRAND NEW WASHERIDRYERS In ALL 3BRs and select 2BRes FREE tanning, Aerobic Center Only 1.3 mites to UP 377-7401 www.Boardwalkapt.com 4-25-72-2 Be the BIGGEST on the block! 1 or 2bdr this FALL. We love ALL pets! Pool, Gym; Park @ UF, Bball, Tennis Call 4 Specials! 352-332-7401 4-25-72-2 STUDIO APT 60 sec walk to UF. Short term avail. 1 or 2 rooms $425 & up. Call 352-538-2181 425-72-2 How To Place A Classified Ad Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M -F, 8am -4pm. No refunds or In Person: By Mail: When Will Your Ad Run? credits can be given. Cash, Check, MC, or Visa Use forms appearing weekly in The Classifieds begin TWO WORKING DAYS Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, after they are placed. Ads placed at the with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY REThe Alligator Offic Visa or checks only. UF Bookstore may take T-REE days to SPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. 1105 W. University Ave. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be M-F Bum -4pm given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first d y will not Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, be further compensated. UF Bookstore at Reitz Union M -F, 8am -4pm but there can be no refunds or credits Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE M -F, 8am -6pm, Sat. 10am -5pm By Fax: (352) 376-3015 for cancelled adsNOON for the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. I For Rent: furnished 6 Furnishings 1I Motorcycles, Mopeds 16 Health Services 21 Entertainment 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 7 Computers 12 Autos 17 Typing Services 22 Tickets 3 Sublease 8 Electronics 13 Wanted 18 Personals 23 Rides 4 Roommates 9 Bicycles 14 Help Wanted 19 Connections 24 Pets 5 Real Estate 10 For Sale 15 Services 20 Event Notices 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination." We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. -All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national orgin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. -This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as "personal" or "connections" whether or not they actually appear under those classic cautions. We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information. -Although this newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. 

PAGE 16

16, ALLIGATOR N MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 For Renr Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent Uifurnishdn nishe punished unfrnished unfurnished We Love Pets 1,2,&3 BR Flats w/Screened Porches FREE Alarm*FREE Tanning*W/D Gated Entry*Cyber Cafe*Poo w/ Sundeck 24hr Gym & Sauna*Only 1.5 miles to UF Hurty, they won't last long*372-0400 4-25-72-2 Live at a Legend! The Polos of Gainesville will give you the best college experience with Spacious Apartments, Three Pools with Jacuzzis, HUGE Gym, Billiards Room, and mau-j.rore amenities! Minutes from UF, shopping and Shands. On all major RTS bus routes. All at a rate that won't break your bank! Call now for specials: 335-7656 4-25-72-2 Get in on Gainesville's Best Kept Secret! Amazing 1/1 and 2/1 apartment homes! For a LIMITED TIME ONLY rates start as low as $499! Water included! Pets welcome! Minutes from Butler Plaza! Come see us today and throw your worries away! Call 376-1248 4-25-72-2 Like'em big? Huge 3BR Ready NOW! Pool, Alarm, Free UF Parking! Pinetreegardens.com 352-376-4002 4-25-72-2 MINUTES FROM UF!!! 3/3's from only $486 per Bdrm 4/4's from only $452 per Bdrm FREE Cable w/ HBO/ SHOWTIME FREE Tanning, 24hr Fitness Center Ask About our Huge 2/2.5 Townhouses 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Convenient Bus Route! 4-25-72-2 FORGET YOU HAVE ROOMMATES! Huge 4BR townhomes w/W/D. 1662 sq.ft. FREE gym membership and FREE cable! 352-332-7401 4-25-72-2 Fight the squirrels, not Traffic Bike to class, petswelcome 14 HUGE 1, 2, & 3 BRs Awesome pool w/BBQ Aerobic Center 377-7401 4-25-72-2 LIVE THE LIFE! All Inclusive Ind. leases Big 2/2s 3/3s & 4/4s Filling fast -Lease now 373-9009 4-25-72-2 Sign a lease, Win a PS3! Luxury 2/2 and 3/2! Cable*Tanning*Gated 24-Hr Gym*Furn Avail Leasing Now and Fall! 367-9910 4-25-72-2 1st MONTH FREE 1 BR Villas Starting @ $499. Please call: 352375-3077 or 352-373-2818 4-25-72-2 BIG AND CHEAP 2/1.5 apt 1100 sq ft $650 3/2 apt 1300 sq ft $725 1800 NW 4th St. Over 20 houses also available 373-4423 www.maximumre.com 8-15-168-2 Skip the Roommate Nightmare Studio Walking Distance to UF: $565/mo Pet Friendly/Wood Floors/New Kitchens www.LiveNearCampus.com 376-6223 4-25-72-2. Available in April Walk to UF Studio $390 1 Br $450 2 Br house $550 Gore-Rabell Realty 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 425-65-2 LUXURY 2BR ACROSS FROM UF W/D, Private bath, pets welcome! Monitored alarm, open weekends i71-7777 Collegeparkuf.com 4-25-60-2 ONLY 2 HOUSES LEFT! ACROSS FROM UF!!! 3 and 4 bedroom available Wood floors, HUGE floorplan Pts welcome! 371-0769 4-25-60-2 EVERYONE LOVES A THREESOME Join in-Live Downtown This Fall! Luxury 3 Bedroom/3 Bath Townhouses Lots of Perksw/d, lofts, cable & internet Get 'em while they're hot! 338-0002 4-25-58-2 Save $$$! Move-in TODAY! 2BR, 3BR or 4BR Ask about our 2006 rates! 376-2507 or www.bivenscove.com 4-25-65-2 **LUXURYAPTS** CLOSEST TO CLASS 2BR/2BA available for Fall www.LookingGlassApartments.com 111 NW 16th St. #1. Call 376-1111 4-25-56-2 1BR & 2BR/1BA apts with W/D, cent H/AC, DW, ceramic tile, private patio. Petsarranged. Off SW 34th St. Near bus route. From $630/mo. 377-1633 www.lenoxcorner.com 4-25-50-2 ONLY 2 BLOCKS TO CAMPUS 1 bedrooms and studios for Fall Wood floors avail, pets ok Open late and weekends 371-0769 4-25-62-2 *ABSOLUTE LUXURY' -2/2 Town Homes & 3/3 Flats FREE Water *Cable Tanning* Gym Roomate match available Leasing Now/Fall 379-9255 4-25-20-2 www.10houses.com 2 & 3BR houses for August in quiet areas. cute, clean, cent. H/AC, W/D, wood floors, nice yards. Bike to UF. $775-$1300 email nancy@10houses.com or call 352-336-6116 4-2-25-2 1 Blk to UF. 1017 SW 1st Ave., 2BR/2.5BA townhouse. Lg. kit, parking, WID, D/W, over 1100 sqft. Avail. Aug 1. Call 333-0800. 4-13-25-2 2158 sq ft 4/3 home rent/sale NW Gville mins from campus. Appliances stay, remodeled, wd fIrs, 2 car gar, deck, 1/2 acre, beautiful landscaping, low utils, fenced. $1,550/m, $2K SD. 3120 NW 31st Blvd, 352 466-0358 4-12-30-2 Houses, Duplexes, condos or Townhouses Walk/Bike/Bus to campus. Neat, clean, good quality. Visit www.gatorpads.com for available units or call 284-0316 or 281-0733 4-25-36-2 Space, Solitude and Disposable Income Beautiful, Spacious home on wooded landscaped lot, 8rms + 400 sq ft porch. 3BR/1 BA, -bike to UF, W/D, $1270 + util. No pets. Available August. 275-1259 4-16-30-2 LIVE THE DOWNTOWN LIFESTYLE Luxury 3 Bedroom Townhouses For Fall W/D*Loft Spaces*Walk In Closets*Pets OK Walk to everywhere-bars, shopping, dining Call now! Only 10 left! 338-0002 4-25-30-2 PETS FREE AVAIL NOW OR FALL 3 BED 2 BATH LARGE MASTER WOOD FLOORS BEHIND OAKS MALL $1050 MONTH 2627462 FOR MORE. 4-25-34-2 PETS FREE AVAIL NOW OR FALL WOOD FLOORS 2 BED 2 BATH TOWNHOME PRIVATE DECK 2871 SW 38TH PLACE $875 MONTH 262-7462 FOR MORE 4-2534-2 PETS PARADISE No app or pet fee. 2BR, fireplace, privacy fence, W/G hookup. 4511 SW 71st Terr. $550/mo. Call 352-331-2099 4-6-19-2 **@1BR APT, $550/mo@@S Quiet hood; greenspace, trees, private patio, near UF, busline, parking, spacious rooms, adorable kitchen, carpeted fans, no dogs. 1825 NW 10th St. 376-0080 4-9-20-2 University Area rentals! Watch our Website! ww.rentgainesville.com Union Properties, Inc. 373-7578 4-25-32-2 Hawthorne Reserve off University Ave. New 1, 2, and 3 Bedroom Condos, Completely Refurbished, Quiet Wooded Setting. Pool, Clubhouse and Cardio Center. W/G in each unit, Short Term OK. Close to Mall and Royal Park. $750-$1200. Garland Condos off NW 13th Street. End unit Townhouse w/Alarm System, W/D hookup and Pool onsite. 2BR 2.5Bath @ $1,000/mo. Union Properties, Inc. 373-7578 4-2532-2 1BR/1BA, no lease. Courtyard, 2 mi to UF, on bus line, quiet neighborhood, next to park. Free water, no pets. $440/mo + $440 sec dep. Call 374-7175 4-2-15-2 2 bedroom WOOD FLOORS GREAT FOR PETS! Across the street from UF Open late and weekends Collegeparkuf.com 371-0769 4-25-30-2 "'GOTTA SEE"* Remodeled 900 sq ft clean 3BR/1 BA duplex on quiet NE street. Bike to UF. New carpet/ paint-tile bath & kitchen! CH/AC. Laundry rm W/D. NS. $895/mo 376-7529, 219-2399 I/m. 4-20-28-2 1 & 2 Bed Cottages & Apts. Starting at $520/MO. Cent AC., W/D hkups. Close to downtown & UF. Cute & MUST SEE! See photos & info @www.rentalworkshop.com 352-870-0904, 318-4553 4-4-15-2 HOUSES! 1 to 4 beds $450-$1500. All walk to UF & on bus routes, W/D hookups, Hardwood, central AC, porches, pets OK, See photos @ rentalworkshop.com 870-0904, 318-4553 4-4-15-2 LIVE ON UF LAKE Pristine Biven's Arm condo. Huge 2BR/2BA, large den (possible 3rd BR), hardwood floors, pool incl. $1295/mo. Call 321-2311505 4-25-29-2 ******1 0 BLOCKS TO UF****** Quaint 1BR/1BA apts in Historic Victorian House. Huge rooms, wood floors, high ceilings, pvt entrance. $525/mo. Avail Aug 1st. Pets ok. 376-2184. 225 SW 3rd Ave. 4-3-13-2 Available now 1BR/1BA: clean & quiet, carpet, central H/AC, covered patio, on site pool, fitness, clubhouse, bball, laundry, close to UF, shopping, entertainment, on bus route, utilities, pets ok. 904-814-6976 4-2-10-2 2BRs AVAILABLE IN LARGE 4/2 ON FARM less than 10 mi to UF. Pet friendly. Horse ok. $275/mo. 1 room avail May, 1 in June. Jen 352-495-7714 4-3-10-2 2/1.5 Mill Run 2 story twnhs by UF/Butler Plaza on bus rt 20/21. W/D, DW Tile, 1000 sq ft. Pool. Pets ok. $700/mo + security. 352-871-7460 4-6-10-2 WALK TO SHANDS/VAIVET SCH. Large 1 & 2BR, Downstairs, CH/A, fans, carpet, Laundry on site, pool, parking, quiet. 1BR $600-$650; 2BR -$725-$800. Avail Summer/ Fall. 352-376-0080 or 352 284 3873 4-2526-2 AVAIL NOW. ADORABLE 3/2 3BR/2BA HOME 1500 sq ft. Screened porch, laundry room. 4300 NE 17th Terr. $850/mo 1st & $1000 req'd to move in. 352-318-3830 4-10-15-2 AVAIL NOW. 5BR/2BA HOUSE 815 NW 7th Place. $1200/mo. Big yard, 10 min walk to UF. Call 352-318-3830 4-1015-2 "PRIVATE VILLAS** Singel-story close to UF 1 BR ONLY $529 2BR $699 + FREE Water NOW & FALL 375-1519 8-15-51-2 **LIVE ALONE** 1BR VILLA ONLY $519 1/2 mile to UF & Butler Plaza Walk-in closet! Alarms avail 375-3077 Avail NOW & FALL 8-15-51-2 NO ROOMMATE HASSLES Private Villas next to Butler Plaza Studios $499*1 BR $549 **FREE WATER** Call for Fall*377-2596 8-15-51-2 CLOSEST to UF/Shands Enjoy privacy & convenience 1BIR Villa ONLY $529 Duckpond*POOL*Alarm avail Leasing FALL Fast! 372-4835 8-15-51-2 *Affordable & Nice* Gym*POOL*Alarm avail 1 BR $539+FREE water Phase I 2BR ONLY $699 Phase II 2BR from $829 Great Location*SW 34 St CALL TODAY! 376-0828 8-15-51-2 HUGE 1BR ONLY $499 Single-story Villa in NW Private patio*Full kitchen Alarm avail*Pool*Laundry Lease Now/Aug 372-3826 -8-15-51-2 ONLY 1 MILE to UF! Across from NEW Starbucks! HUGE apts*Pool*Laundry 2br $699 3br $869 Open Afternoons*378-1755 8-15-51-2 Desired 4BR, 5BR, 6BR Houses Available Great Sizes & Location. Family Discounts Available! Call 352-682-7424 4-10-15-2 ******10 BLOCKS TO UF****** Private 2-story garage apt. Fenced yard. Pets ok. Large 1BR/1 BA. W/D, porch. $650/ mo. Avail Aug 1st. 226 SW 4th AVe. 3762184 4-3-10-2 MOVE IN TODAY! 1 BR & STUDIOS Walk to UF! From only $589 371-7777 4-25-25-2 MOVE IN TODAY! Charming 1/1 and 2/1 apartment homes! Ready for you to move in now! Minutes from UF and Shands! Water included! Pets welcome! Special low rates starting at $499! Special ends March 31st! Limited availability -call now! 352-376-1248 4-25-24-2 FOR SALE OR FOR RENT 3BR/2BA w/pool on 1 acre. Nice SW neighborhood. 12 min to Shands & UF. Recently remodeled. $249,000 or $1500/mo. Call 772201-9933 4-5-10-2 Near UF *4BR/2BA Newly Renovated Kitchen' -* 10' x 10' Laundry Room 2 car Carport Pets under 20 Lbs' 610 NW 34 Terr. MANNY 352-317-4408 4-5-10-2 Recently upgraded & quiet spacious 3BR/ 2BA house. New paint, blinds, carpets & tiles, well equipped kitchen, extra space for home office or kids play room. Central HT/&AC, ceiling fans, auto irrigation system, W&D hookup, carport. NW Aarea, 5 min to Law School .For sale or long term lease No Section 8. 352-375-6754 4-19-20-2 3BR condo off SW 20th Ave Nice. Possible RENT-TO-OWN. $750/mo. 352-373-2728 4-6-10-2 **WALK TO UF** From any of our 2, 3 or 4BR Classic Apts or Vintage Homes Starting @ $600/mo. Come by & pick up one of our availability lists @ 821 NW 13th Street or call 375-8256 4-25-22-2 **SORORITY ROW AREA** 1940's Vintage stone 2BR/1 BA apt. Beautiful hardwood floors, $750/mo. 375-8256 4-25-22-2 **SORORITY ROW AREA** Beautiful stone 3BR/2BA Newly remodeled towhhouse w/hardwood floors, A Must See! $1650/mo. 375-8256 4-25-22-2 2BR/1.5BA CONDO 1 Block west of campus @ Foxmoor. Remodeled kitchen. Cable, DSL, non-smoking grad students. No pets $750/mo + util. Available 8/07. Call 352-5053838 4-9-10-2 

PAGE 17

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007U ALLIGATOR, 17 For Rent For Rent For Rent Subleases Suble ises unfurnished unfurnished unfurnished Great Houses for rent Close to UF fenced yard Email: SBR@JacksonLLC.com 918 NW 39th Ave. 3/1 $800 1614 NW 21st Ave 4/2 $1000 3700 NW 21st PI 3/2 $1000 600 NW 54th Ter 3/2 $1150 4-25-21-2 COZY GATOR Several cute & clean vintage apts & houses avail Aug. Most have wood firs, cent H/AC, W/D, located near downtown & UF. Call 352-338-7670 or visit www.cozygator.com 5-15-22-2 4BR/4BA CONDO $1300/mo or $330/room. Private bath, walkin closet. W/D, microwave, balcony, pool, close to UF! 538-4877 4-3-5-2 6 BLOCKS TO UF1 BR/1 BA, 750 sq ft. $500/mo incl water. Avail April 1st. 1313 NW 7th Ave. Call 871-6413 4-25-21-2 ***CUTE COTTAGE CLOSE TO UF*** 2BR/1BA quiet, secluded, upscale 0 900 sq ft 0 W/D, covered patio 0 $700/mo 0 No pets 0 1607 1/2 NW 12th Rd 0.Avail April 1. 0 Ph 352-466-4171 4-11-10-2 Apt. in Historic house hardwood floors, lots of charm, W/D, quiet, 2 blocks from downtown. Studio or 1 BR avail April, May or Aug. 304 NE 6th St. $400-525/mo. 379-4952 4-2520-2 SUNDOWNE STUDIO APARTMENT $439/mo includes mater. $35 application fee, on bus route 1 behind Butler Plaza. Available move-in May 1. jlgillice@yahoo.com 443786-4408 4-5-5-2 CHEAP RENT! Move-in today! 1 BR/1 BA apt. $479/mo. No security or last! Renewable lease in Aug. Laundry/Pool and close to campus. 352-505-0497 4-5-5-2 3BR/2BA, larged fenced yard. Firepace, W/D, 2 car garage. Move-in June 1. Nonsmoker. $1025/mo. 6413 NW 30th Terrace. Call 305-905-2289. 4-25-18-2 Luxury Brand New Nantucket Walk Condo 3 blks to UF! 2BR/2BA 920 sq ft. Stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, carpet/ tile firs, full size balcony, reserved parking space, W/D. $1600/mo www.NW309.com 4-25-18-2 Brand new 2BR/2BA condos for rent 3 blocks from UF. Be the first to live in these luxurious and beautiful condos. $1600 per month. Call 352-375-8256 4-25-18-2 Palm Villas Apartment Quiet Luxury 2BR/2BA, 18' ceiling in living room. ON RTS rt. 12 runs every 10 min to Reitz $959 monthly. See www.bellaproperties.net. Call 335-5424 4-25-18-2 Subleases LARGE 1BR THE POLOS Apr 1 -Jul 31. I will pay $300 fee. Pets ok. Rent $550/mo. Bus routes 9 & 35. Screened patio. Fitness center, pool, computer lab, tanning salon & more. Call Jason 941-585-1079 4-25-47-3 MAY-AUG, TIVOLI 4BR/4BA, $360/each + utilities, negotiable. Great bus, no towing, quiet, spacious, washer/dryer & balcony. chinooke@ufl.edu, 407-701-7352 4-2-20-3 Sublease at Gainesville Place Apts 2800 SW 35th Place Early May -August 7 $509/mo Pool, Tennis, Weights and More 727-439-7094 4-3-15-3 CABANA BEACH APTS 1BR/1BA in a 4BR/4BA. Furn, poolside, util incl. Move in ASAP. $500/neg. No move in fee. Call 727-364-6981 4-11-21-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA Male only. The Estates. $530/mo all incl. Furnished. Avail 1st wk in May -Lease to Aug. 386-439-8441 4-10-15-3 Royal Village Apts. 1BR in 4BR/2BA. $475/Mo. 5 minwalk to campus. Furn, W/D, Internet, Cable-HBO, Pool, Gym, All Util inc. Avail April 1 -Aug. Call 510-303-9213 thenry5@ufi.edu 4-310-3 Summer Sublease: Estates: Beautiful, spacious 4BR/4BA. Fully furnished, close to campus. Great condition. Cable/High speed Internet incl. Pool, gym, clubhouse. Price/ Dates Negotiable. Call Lauren 561-866-7746 4-5-11-3 CAMPUS LODGE sublease 2BR/2BA available in a 3/3. Fully furnished, W/D, utilities included. Avail April -August. Contact 352281-8131 4-11-15-3 PRIVATE APARTMENT. One BR 50 yards from campus on 13th! Overlooks pool, private kitchen' and bath. Summer sublease only $525 per/mo. Contact Byron @ 352406-9367 4-5-10-3 LIVE BEHIND NORMAN HALL WITH FRIENDS: Royale Palms 3BR/3BAAvail. Sum A Price Neg. More info call Jill 904-591-5563 or email js0406@ufl.edu 4-6-10-3 LEXINGTON CROSSING Summer sublease, male, 1Br/1BA furn in 4BR apt, on Bus Route, Close to UF. $470 mo includes utils, DSL, Cable. 904-744-4609 4-13-15-3 Female roommate needed. Live in Beautiful new house w/sec atrm, bus stop, fast internet, cable, quiet area, pool, huge backyard, pvt BA. Avail April until Aug or longer. $500/ mo Jackie 352-395-7462; 941-780-3526 4-6-13-4 SUBLEASE Estates 1 bdrm in 4 bdrm all girls furnished apt Own bathroom Southwest part of Gainesville, Very close to campus Amenities include very nice gym, computer lab, two pools, Jacuzzi, basketball court, and sand volleyball court 1st months rent free Only 500/month all inclusive Leasinr now and fall 727-424-6961 4-9-10-3 College Manor 1BR/11BA. Across the street from UFI Unfurn. No roommates! Avail May -Aug for $400/mo w/o utils. Call 585-5072601 4-9-10-3 Avail early May til Aug or longer! 1BR/1BA unfurnished apt at Frazer House Apts 1-block from campus. $530 + util. May free. Call 352226-6601 4-9-10-3 1 BR/1 BA $430/mo Close to UF/Shands. Call 850-326-2329 4-2-5-3 1BR/1 BA avail in Madison Pointe. Large apt. August PAID. Pets ok. May to Aug. Call Liz 727-459-6824 4-9-10-3 BIG TOWNHOUSE IN CRICKET CLUB 3BR/2.5BA with washer & dryer. 1300 sq ft. Close to Santa Fe, Oaks Mall. $950/mo. Available May 1st. 1 yr sublease. $150 off. Kevin 407-902-1122 4-2-5-3 Take over lease. 1BR/1BA, spacious. W/D hookups. Bellamy Grande Luxury Apartments. $800/mo. Deposit depending on apartment's approval. Please call 352-8713904 4-3-5-3 CAMPUS CLUB SUBLEASE Roommate wanted in a 3/2 apt. Now-Aug $399/mo. Fully furnished, utils incl. Call 305479-5975. Available now! 4-3-5-3 The Reserve @ Kanapahal! 1BR in 3BR/2BA. W/D, satellite, DSL, pool, gym, everything brand new!! Huge apt! Only $340/neg available immed thru 7/31. Call 305-281-9960 4-10-10-3 Summer sublease at Greenwich Green. 1 BR/1 BA in 3/3 townhouse apt. Rent: $360/ mo + 1/3 electric and internet. Price negotiable. W/D, fully fumished, on bus rte 12. Call Samantha at 561-602-6589 4-3-5-3 C CUTE DUCKPOND STUDIO COTTAGE $400/mo. Begin May. Flexible. Can renew. 284-4779 4-3-5-3 "1Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" The Board ofDirectors of Campus Communications, Inc., publisher of #A I the independent florida Ii~ and announces the openingsfor the positions Editor, a paid position as head of the Editorial Division and as an unpaid member of the Board of Directors Managing Editor/Print AND Managing Editor/New Media, Paid positions. Unpaid member of the Board of Directors. Must be available for Summer A & B. The applications for these positions are available at the reception desk at the entrance of the first floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Ave., each weekday between 1-4 p.m. from now until April 4th. Please do not call. Further written information is available at the time an application is picked up. Please allow up to 15 minutes at that time to read information you will need for the application process. The application must be returned to the same desk by 3p.m., April 6th. THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE DEADLINE. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public beginning at 2:30 p.m., Friday, April 20th. Applicants must be present at that meeting to be considered. Applicants must be degree-seeking college or university students. Preference will be given to those who have experience at The Alligator Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer 

PAGE 18

18, ALLIGATOR M MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 ubleases Roommates Roommates Real Estate Real Estate Sublease May-Aug or Jun-Aug 1BR/1BA at Gainesville Place Apt. Furnished, all utils, W/ D in apt, internet & cable all incl. Amenities. $499/mo., 407-474-7124 4-5-7-3 QUIET 1BR ON SW 20TH Low rent. On the busline, easy walk/bike to UF. Sublease any May-July. Apt incl security system. Call Christopher 859-630-9353 410-10-3 1BR/1BA huge walkin closet. Huge private patio. Pets welcome. Lots of parking 3 blocks behind Swamp. $565/mo. OBO + $150 lease transfer. Call Christian 786-5534584 4-3-5-3 Summer sublease: 1BR/1BA at a 2/2 apt. Excellent location close to UF and Butler Plaza, on bus route. $500 all util included. Availability negotiable. A must see. Call Angie 786-239-2740 4-3-5-3 1BR/1BA 5 min from campus May -Jul renew opt. W/D inside, pets allowed $775/mo. Call for info 941-661-4119 or michelle.rm@gmail.com 4-10-10-3 Estates 3rd FIr avail May 6th 2BR/2BA $560/room OBO Fully furnished, utilites, W/D 3 min to campus, 2 buses 352-375-8935 leave msg. 4-6-5-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA avail for summer in Oxford Manor. $390/mo unfurn. Or $415/mo furn. Incl utilities and cable. Pool, gym, tennis courts, etc. Great Location!! Call 954-6610809 4-4-5-3 2BR/2BA unfurnished condo avail 05/01. Summer sublease or annual lease. $785/mo. Call 954-937-2464 4-5-5-3 *2 bed 1 bath Summer Sublease 4 blocks from UF. Rent reduced, hardwood floors, new stove. Furnishing negotiable. 352-8701982 or 850-293-1712* 4-5-5-3 FALL 07 SUBLEASE Walk to class! $480/mo. Fully furnished, all util, cable & HS internet incl Courtyards apt. Call 850-321-4360. Stephanie 4-5-5-3 Lexington Crossing Apartments. 1/1 in a 3/3. Great roommates. New carpet. Furnished. All until incl Avail summer 2007. Only $350/mo neg. 727-743-8855 4-5-5-3 SumrrtAir Sublease May -August Luxury 1/1 in 2/2 $450/mo. Option to renew. Fully furnished, until incl. W/D, DSL, cable, bus route in community. Gville Place Apts. 954478-9599 4-5-5-3 Bring Fido, Ditch the roomates!!! 1BR Apt Avail May 1-Au'g 31. Very clean & quiet area, -2 nil from UF. $489/mo, All kinds & sizes of pets welcome. Laundry on site, 24 Hr maintaince. tracylll@ufl.edu or 954-604-8716 4-6-5-3 Sublease from 5/1 -7/31. $325/mo. 1 room in 4BR/1.5BA apt. Furnished. Individual lease & girls only. At LaMancha 914 SW 8th Ave. Close to UF. Call 352-328-9502 4-20-15-3 Gainesville Place 1BR/1BA avail. If you would like to move in w/friend, other bedroom also avail for sublease. Fully equipped. Furn. W/D, internet, all utils incI. 2nd floor. May 07Aug '07 (flex) Rent neg. mits935@uf.edu 4-2-1-3 Downtown summer sublease May 1 -July 31. One roommate for 2/2, huge room and your own bathroom. FREE cable, internet & parking, $369/mo. Call 904-327-9679 4-6-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE Lexington Crossing. May-Aug 4BR/4BA female-Furn $400 neg all utils & W/D incl. Pools, free tanning, computer lab, gyms, bus rte to UF, parking spots, wireless. 813-727-1549/rebeca27@ufl.edu 4-6-5-3 2/2 townhouse style apartment close to campus available for Summer C. $400 per room a month plus utilities or best offer. Furnished upon request. Cable and water included in rent. Call 352-214-0705 or 352-682-6508. 4-6-5-3 Cobblestone Luxurious Townhouse Apt 1 BR/1 BA in a 3/3. Fully furn cable incl. w/d unit, pool & gym. Sum C only, May & Aug rent FREE!! Must be clean. Move in May 10 $400/mo.O.B.O. female pref. 954-914-5335. 4-6-543 Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-25-72-4 Female roommate for one/two female UF students. Quiet. Responsible. 60 second walk to UF. Old house charm with all amenities. Avail Now. $400up. 352-538-2181.Lv message. Private Owner 4-25-72-4 Master BR avail in huge home. 2 profs need mature 3rd. Digital, wireless, W/D, yard serve, 2 bus rts, quiet area. SW G'ville. Avail NowJuly $300 + utils. davem@uf6edu 4-6-35-4 Rockwood Villas 2BR/2BA for rent, W/D, all appliances, $425/ room + sec dep, call Abby 352-281-5617 4-9-60-4 2BRs in wing of new 4/3 house, avail now. BR have deadbolt locks, monthly maid service utils incl $525/BR, cable, wireless, parking and on bus line. Club has hot tub, gym. Lori 850-212-9848 UFGatorHome@aol.com 4-4-20-4 UF Student needs roommate to share 2BR/ 2BA condo 1.5 mile to campus. Steps to bus/pool/gym/cow tab. $520. 770-429-3999, 352-381-7362 Private Owner 4-4-15-4 FEMALE ROOMMATES WANTED for 4BR furnished poolhouse. $450/mo + utils. 1 mile from campus on bus route. Non-smoker. No dogs. Avail June. Call 954-899-7197 425-29-4 2BRs AVAILABLE IN LARGE 4/2 ON FARM less than 10 mi to UF. Pet friendly. Horse ok. $275/mo. 1 room avail May, 1 in June. Jen 352-495-7714 4-3-10-4 Master BR in 4BR/3BA house off NW 16th Ave between SFCC & UF. Cox cable & HS internet, new carpet & ceiling fans, DW, W/D & new oven. $430/mo all until incl. ANOTHER ROOMS $360/mo util incI 352-328-4995, 4-3-10-4 SPYGLASS 1/1 for female in 3/3 apt. Have own room & full bath. Share living room & kitchen. $500/mo Security gate & alarm. Call 2626407 4-3-10-4 Need female student in University Commons 4BR condo. Non-smoker, poolside view, game room & amenities. $379/mo. Please call Haydee Clark @ 352-871-8577. Available Aug. 4-3-10-4 Male roommate'needed to share furnished house w/young prof. 15 min drive from campus, close to bus, free washer/dryer, pvt bdrmwiblrm, pets ok, Ig fenced yd, lots of trees, pond, wood deck, hottub, $400/mo + dep (1 mo) + 1/2 utils (Directv, phone, wireless, elec) Ken 954-817-8066 4-3-10-4 Roommates wanted to share 4BR/3BA with pool with UF stsudents. Students only. No smoking No pets. Close walk to UF. $375/mo each room plus 1/4 utilities. Lease. Avail May 6. 262-2710/514-4570 4-3-10-4 ENJOY A ROMANTIC OLD HOUSE Near library downtown. $285-$360/rm + utils. Free internet access. Short term. No pets. No smoking. 378-1304 4-3-10-4 Roommates 4/4 Univ. Terr apt. $400/mo. (everything included!) W/D, 2 freq. UF bus routes (12 & 35) a 15-second walk from the front door! Please call 352-870-7393 4-4-10-4 Room for rent $450/mo Near SFCC & Oaks Mall & 1-75. All utilities included. 786-325-7941 or 258-0277 4-4-10-4 ROOMS + SMALL APT $85/$90 per/wk full cable/+ TV. Wash/MC. Call 8-5 M-Fri 372-5554. Ask about renting rooms. At night 7:00-11:00 Call 376-0384 4-6-10-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED in condo 1 mile from UF, $435/MO includes cable, internet, utilities, pool + more, beautifully renovated and on bus route. 262-2871 4-20-20-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED for 2BR/ 2BA apt at Looking Glass Apts. $625/mo. Steps from UF. Call 954-494-9856. Avail Fall 2007. 4-16-15-4 1 FEMALE ROOMMATE First month rent FREE. $340 furn, pool, gym, wash-dry. 2 min to Winn Dixie, 15 min walk to UF. bus 16. Call Maria 727-501-5575 42-5-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED!! 4BR/4BA. Clean & quiet place at University Terrace West. $450 ALL utilities included: Cable, High Speed Internet, Electricity, 'and Water. Fully furnished and amenities. MUST SEE IT. Call Dory: 954-816-1468 4-2-5-4 SUPER DEAL $450 incl until, internet, cable, W/D, prof/grad student female preferred. 5 mi from Shands/UF. 3BR/2BA new house. Joanna 514-0316 4-2-5-4 1BR/1 BA IN SPACIOUS HOUSE Quiet neighborhood. W/D. $525/mo utilities included. Call Moji 352-870-4684 4-10-10-4 Room for rent in nice 3BR/1BA house w/ washer & dryer at Duck Pond area. Willing to trade babysitting for some of the rent. Call Wendi at 352-494-8582 4-10-10-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED for nice NW home between UF and SFC6. $325. Go to www.UFtutor.com/room for details. 4-10-10-4 Looking for a girl roommmate in a nice quiet community of Casablanca very close -to Campus. Great bus routes. 2BR/2.5BA. For more info call Elina at 786-493-9069 4-25-20-4 Available now. Quiet pvt BR/BA in Southfork Oaks condo near UF. No smoking/no pets. $425/mo + 1/3 utils. $300 dep. Lease length neg. 264-3961 4-20-16-4 1or2 rmmts 3/2 newly renovated, lavish house NE Gville. $345/$430/mo short or long-term avail 390-7505. Pix/Info http: //www.gainesvillerent.net/index.php?moduI e=listings&page=view&id=43777&search_ page= 4-5-5-4 R[7 ea.FE'staf e. Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach over 24,000 possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone. Please Call 373-Find PRE-CONSTRUCTION, NEW, & EXISTING CONDOS & HOUSES FOR SALE NEAR UF AT AFFORDABLE PRICES. SEARCH HERE OR RECEIVE A FREE AND COMPLETE LIST VIA E-MAIL. Visit www.mattpricerealtor.com or Call Today, 352-281-3551, Matt Price, Campus Realty. 4-25-72-5 .Newly renovated 1 & 2 BR units starting at $99,900 (as-is at $86,900). Steps from Shands, VA, Dental School, New Cancer Center & more! Visit mmparrish.com/ servconstruction15.cfm or Call Coldwell Banker, MM Parrish, Realtor 352.372.5375. 4-25-55-5 A peaceful, sophisticated lifestyle. 1, 2 & 3 BR luxury townhomes in pool community with many amenities. Priced from $159,700. Great upgrades and bonuses available. Call Coldwell Banker, MM Parrish, Realtor 352.377.4977 or visit MagnoliaPlaceTownd ominiums.com. 4-25-55-5 Completely renovated 1, 2 & 3 BR condos literally across 34th Street from campus. Visit www.cazabella.com or Call Coldwell Banker, MM Parrish, Realtor 352.373.3583. 4-25-55-5 Pre-Construction Pricing next to campus! Oxford Terrace It -Walk to UF from a brand new condo! www.oxfordterrace.com. Call Eric Leightman with Action Real Estate 352-219-2879 4-25-72-5 1BR 3 blocks to UF & Shands. Newly remodeled, central A/C, W/D, luxury kitchen, tile/Pergo, DW, very clean & private, big BR, ample parking, first floor, on bus route. $105,000. 352-362-6410 4-6-65-5 Would You Like to Live Near UF? Stop Renting, BUY NOW! FREE List of Condos 24/7 www.CondosNearUF.com Campus Realty 336-3900 4-6-56-5 Woud You Like to Live Near UF? Stop Renting, BUY NOWl FREE List of Houses 24/7 www.HomesNearUF.com Campus Realty 336-3900 4-6-56-5 I BUY houses, condos, land & any other real estate. Can close in 3 days, all cash. 727-560-6081 4-25-68-5 LION5GATE NEW 1,2&3BR Condos Starting at $159K By UF. Gated. Covered, assigned parking Matt & Tiffany Thomas -Realtors Bosshardt Realty Services, Inc. 352-494-0194 & 352-316-5556 4-25-66-5 16t ck~o.v i Walk to UF and stadium from luxurious Jackson Square Condominiums. Built to last a lifetime Priced from mid-$250s Call 352-870-9453 4-25-72-5 Need to buy or sell your home/condo? Call Kate Wallis, Lifestyles Realtors, 352-3591112 or visit www.katewallis.com for more info. UF Alum. Gooooo Gators! 4-19-60-5 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" 2/2 off Archer between campus & 34th St. Just $129,900! Fully furnished with washer/ dryer & all appliances. Eric Leightman Action Realty 352-219-2879 4-25-60-5 THE PALMS (0 IN 1) Om I N 1 0 \11 S New 2BR/2BA condos. Prices starting in the $260,000's. Guaranteed Parking. Completion Spring 2008. Resue Yours Today! Call Coldwell Banker, MM Parrish Realtor 352.372.5375. Great Financing Opportunities Available. Visit www.mmparrish.com for information on other available properties! 4-25-55-5 BUYERS' MARKET, SAVE THOUSANDS Buy a new condo near UF FREE list of luxury condos 24/7 www.NewCondosNearUF.com Campus Realty 336-3900 4-6-36-5 Newly renovated 2BR/1.5BA end unit condo desireable Casablanca East. Newer AC, W/D, scr porch, Tile dnstairs kitchen, hall & 1/2 BA. Comm pool & bus rt on site. Quiet conv to Shands/UF. $139,900. 352-246-5958 4-10-40-5 LE A1A GKANTWOOD CONDOMINiUIM BRAND NEW CONSTRUCTION CLOSE TO UF AND SHANDS Starting in the mid $170's 2BR/2.5BA Townhomes Gated Community on Bus Route 2508 SW 35th Place OPEN HOUSE Th & F 2-5, Sat & Sun 1-4 Contact Birdie Murnane, Venture Realty of North Florida at 352-222-8888 or visit WWW.ALEXANDRACONDOS.COM 4-6-30-5 MO T7 WANTEMDI Mishaann Caroline lssaacs Black Female (DOB 05/13/80); 5'07", 220 lbs, Black Hair, Brown Eyes Wanted for: Failure to RedeliVer Property. ACAC(UA CNTO Call (352) 372-STOP 

PAGE 19

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 E ALLIGATOR, 19 stRea Estate Real Estate Real EstateEstate WHY RENT WHEN YOU CAN OWN 3 BED 2 BATH CONDO WOOD FLOORS LARGER MASTER WITH WALK IN CLOSETS BEHIND OAKS MALL OWNER/AGENT 352-262-7462 4-25-34-5 WHY RENT WHEN YOU CAN OWN 2 BED 2 BATH CONDO WOOD FLOORS, PRIVATE DECK NEWER APPLIANCES $139,500 OWNER/AGENT 352.262-7462 4-25-34-5 Brand new 1440 sq ft RESTAURANT SPACE for sale or lease 3 blocks from UF in beautiful Jackson Square Condominiums. Call Eric Wild at 870-9453 for info 4-25-33-5 Brand new 1020 square ft OFFICE SPACE for sale or lease 3 blocks from UF in beautiful Jackson Square Condominiums. Large private balcony. Call 870-9453 4-25-33-5 MH inArredondo, 3BR/2BA, 16x6, screened porch. New AC, fridge, (all warranted) comes w/ apple. Lawn mower. BBQ grill. $1600 + $1300 (incl sales tax/doc stamps) $646/mo lot rent & pmt. 283-8077, 618-204-2853 4.10-20-5 WANT TO OWN CLOSE TO CAMPUS? Student condos & houses for sale Close to UF, walk to campus! Go to HomesAtUFcom or call Steve Barry, Campus Realty 352 494-4996! 425-31-5 If you would like to CONTRIBUTE TO BUILDING A HOME FOR HOMELESS SCHOOL CHILDREN in our community, please call Ken at 352-339-1746 4-25-29-5 Condo for sale (or rent) 1/1 CREEKSIDE VILLAS NW 29th Rd. Well maintained. Upstairs Creekview. $84,900. 407-616-7496 4-515-5 House for Sale: Charming 1940's cottage w/pvt yard near UF. 2BR/1BA, wd firs, new roof, elec & AC/Heat pump in 2005. Sec sys & termite contract. $220,000. See Photos at www.10houses.com or call 352-336-6116 4-2-12-5 3/2 condo w/W/D, excellent condition. New ceramic tile, carpet, paint and more. End unit near pool. Tower Rd. on bus rte. $122,900. Call 352-262-1135 4-25-26-5 UNBEATABLE PRICE 2/2.5 Lofts Oasis Condo. $235,000. BRING ALL OFFERS. Call Campus Realty 352-3183384 4-3-10-5 Beautiful 1 BR/1.5BA loft/CondO. Totally remodeled. SW section/Tower Rd. For sale by owner. Call for details. 339-4600 4-4-10-5 CAMPUS VIEW CONDO 13th & Archer -3BR/3BA, Il rm, LR, DR, Kit w/breakfast counter, balcony. New const. $299,900. PH 813-205-0220 4-4-10-5 For Sale By Owner Hailey Garden Condo. 2/2.5, living, dining, kitchen, front & back porches, W/D, 1.5 year, old. HOA. Immaculate cond. Avail 06/01/07. $179,000. Appt only. 386-426-1340 or 386-212-2422 4-5-10-5 HENICS HEIGHTS CONDOS RENOVATED-CLEAN-QUIET 1 & 2 BR units a short bike or bus ride to the University. Starting at 89,900 with possible developer down payment assistance or 1st year's association fees paid. Tracy Henics of Cuffing Edge Realty Group 352 505 8505 or 352 870 6410 thenics@cuttingedgerealtygro up.com Or check out cuttingedgerealtygroup .com for additional listings. 4-19-20-5 OPEN SUNDAY S 12-3 919 NW 125 Dr. Villas of West End 2/2 new carpet/tile, across from pool, clean, empty, HOA includes insurance, $164,900. Call 386-689-0508 4-13-15-4 2 BD/2 BA St. Charles Condo Corner Unit 3 blks from UF; 5 bIks from Swamp. $30,000 below appraisal. 1 1/2 year new condo fully loaded with ceramic tile, granite countertops, full kitchen, W/D, sec. system and more. Reserved covered parking space. $279,900. (904) 315-9144. 4-6-10-5 5/3 SW HOME Walk to UF & Shands. Own or rent. Campus Realty. Call Ryan 352-562-9090 4-13-15-5 3/2 UPSCALE NW CONDO Close to everything. $334,900. Campus Realty. Call Ryan 352-562-9090 or Kenny 352-494-0012 4-13-15-S 1 ACRE LOT WITH 4/2 HOME in SW Great location to build condo/apts. Campus Realty. Call Ryan 352-562-9090 or Kenny 352-494-0012 4-13-155 3/2 CYPRESS POINTE CONDO Ready to move in. Own or rent. Call Ryan from Campus Realty 352-562-9090 4-1315-5 2/1 SW CONDO $84,900. Call Ryan 352-562-9090. Campus Realty 4-13-15-5 5/2 SW HOME 2000+ sq ft. Only $229k. Call Ryan 352562-9090. Own or rent. Campus Realty 4-13-15-5 BEAUTIFUL 2BR/2BA CONDO SW/Tower Rd w/bonus room, vaulted ceilings, W/D & many upgrades. For sale by owner. Must sell! $121,500/OBO 352-2849163 4-6-10-5 2BR SUMMIT HOUSE CONDO newly renovated in neutral colors. 2 blocks to Shands. Available for end of June closing. Owner is Agent. $139,900, 904-476-6344 4-6-10-5 beaut]suI 1/1,z,& 15, condos just -i.t wiles from UP & on the buslinel Plenty of parking & fabulous amenities including resort-style pool & spa, fitness room, basketball & tennis courts. Prices start at $121,900 with great buyer incentives. www.WindsorParkatUF.com. Amy Buese, 352-222-7890 Anita Smith, 352-514-7789 Bosshardt Realty Services, Inc. 8-15-47-5 AFFORDABLE & CONVENIENT! 02000 DWMH, 1/2 acre, new carpet, $109,900 @1997 DWMH, 1-acre, 2432 sq ft, $129,900 EXIT Realty 352-505-5700 4-4-5-5 Walk to downtown/UF 2/1 vintage charmer Huge back porch, appreciating area. $105,000 Gore-Rabell Real Estate, Inc. 378-1387/352-DREAM IT! 4-25-25-5 A )SS L f "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" The Board ofDirectors of Campus Communications, Inc., publisher of the independent florida alligator a.d Iga announces the openings for the positions Editor, a paid position as head of the Editorial Division and as an unpaid member of the Board of Directors Managing Editor/Print AND Managing Editor/New Media, Paid positions. Unpaid member of the Board of Directors. Must be available for Summer A & B. The applications for these positions are available at the reception desk at the entrance of the first floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Ave., each weekday between 1-4 p.m. from now until April 4th. Please do not call. Further written information is available at the time an application is picked up. Please allow up to 15 minutes at that time to read information you will need for the application process. The application must be returned to the same desk by 3p.m., April 6th. THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE DEADLINE. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public beginning at 2:30 p.m., Friday, April 20th. Applicants must be present at that meeting to be considered. Applicants must be degree-seeking college or university students. Preference will be given to those who have experience at The Alligator Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer 

PAGE 20

20, ALLIGATOR E MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 Real Estate Furnishings Computers Motorcycles, Mopeds Motorcycls Mopeds 2BR/2.5BA two-story condo in quiet Mill Pond subdiv. 1-car garage, new AC, W/D included, monitored security system. Great invest. for grad. students. Avail. during May. $229 000. 352-337-2992 or 904-382-6956 4-12-1 0-5 Brand new avail now. Haily Garden 4288 SW 22 Ln #105. Near SW 43rd St. 2/2.5, wood, tile, carpet $169,000. For appt call 352-3591323. Owner Agent. (Consider rent $950/mo no pet please) 4-25-19-5 .he hOVillage Sat Haile Want to get away from campus, but still be close to everything? Live a lifestyle of convenience in a 'new urban' village setting. Boutique shops, restaurants, pub & miles of trails 75% Sold! Call today 352-376-6737 www.villageathaile.com Coldwell Banker The Condo Store 4-25-19-5 BARGAIN .HUNTERSLOWEST PRICED SINGLE FAMILY HOME IN SW GVILLE$128,500 NICE 105X 98 CORNER LOTNEW CARPET PAINT & HOME WARRANTY2 BR PLUS STUDYCONVENIENT LOCATION FOR UF STUDENT-OWNER/ AGENT 352-665-9547 4-5-5-5 @UF: 4BR/4BA; sec sys; WID; DSL ea BR; W/D; pool; wkout room; clean; on bus rte; top fir. $190k. 904-759-1357 4-25-18-5 Thinking of Buying Property in Gainesville? FREE "No Hype Buyers Guide" for Students and Parents. Call: 352-222-8636 or email: CSaxtan@CampusRealty.org Campus Realty 336-3900 4-6-5-5 S Furnishings BED -QUEEN -$100 ORTHOPEDIC Extra thick, pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 will deliver. 4-25-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE -$75 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic i/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352377-9846 4-25-72-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT -$350 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $2300. 352-3727490 4-25-72-6 BED -KING -$170 PILLOWTOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588 Can deliver. 4-25-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillomfop Mattress & Box. All new still boned. Cost $1500, sacrifice $550 352-333-7516 Sofa $175 Brand new in pkg 333-7516 4-25-72-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1400 (352) 372-7490 4-25-72-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic in/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Cell 352-377-9846 4-25-72-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-372-8588 4-2572-6' FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. New, in box. $140 332-9899 DINETTE SET 5pc $85 Brand new in box. Never used. 352-377-9846 4-25-72-6 **BEDS -ALL BRAND NEW** **Full $80 Queen $100 King $170** Orthopedic pillow-top sets. Brand name matching sets not used or refurbished. Still in plastic, direct from factory! 352-333-7516. 4-25-72-6 BEDQUEEN New orthopedic pillowtop mattress and boxspring set. Brand name, brand new, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $100 352-377-9846. 4-25-72-6 BedAll New King! 3pc Orthopedic pillowtop mattress set. Brand NEW, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $170 352-333-7516. 4-25-72-6 BEDROOM SET$300 BRAND NEW Still in boxes! 6 pieces include: Headboard, 2 Nightstands, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-25-72-6 FUTON -$60 Solid Oak Mission Style. With plush mattress $140. All brand NEW still in box. Can deliver. 352-333-7516 4-25-72-6 Pool Table -Gorgeous 8" All wood table. Leather pockets, Italian 1" slate, carved legs. Brand new still in crate. MUST SELL Retail $5500. Sell $950. Can deliver 352-377-9846 4-25-72-6 Hot Tub/Spa -$1295 'Brand New Loaded! Waterfall, LED lights, cupholders, 110-v energy efficient with warranty. Free delivery, MUST SELL 352-372-8588 4-25-72-6 Bed-FULL size pillowtop mattress & box. New, in plastic, warr. Can del. $80 317-4031 Sofa $185 Brand new! Love seat $150 still in pkg. Can del 352-333-7516 4-25-72-6 BEDS .FURNITURE. FUTONS LOW PRICES & LARGE SELECTION Dumas Discount 371-4422 1201 E. Univ. Av. New 0 Used S Buy S Sell 4-25-72-6 BED SETS CLOSEOUTS Sealed in plastic Twin sets $89. Full sets $129. Queen sets $149. King sets $189. 352376-0953 or 352-378-6005 4-25-72-6 MEMORY FOAMSame as Temperpedic Save 50% & more. Other closeouts. Twin sets $89. Full sets $129. Queen sets $149. King sets $189. Student discounts apply. 4370 SW 20th Ave. 376-0953 We Deliver! 4-25-72-6 *Beds OFull mattress & boxspring sets $49 Queen sets $89 OSingle sets$39 *King sets $99 Sfrom estate sale. 376-0939/3786005 Call-A-Mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave. 4-25-72-6 BEDS FUTONS FURNITURE Quality furniture at reasonable prices. Morrells Furniture Outlet, 140 NW 6th St. 352-378-3400 Shop ONLINE at www.morrellsfurniture.com 4-25-72-6 OColor TV 19" $40 S window AC. 7500 BTU $60 S nice sofa $75 0 queen bed $60 0 full bed $50 0 Aiwa stereo i/CD $60 S old magazines Aero Digest 1945-53 over 50 $95 335-5326 4-4-8-6 Sofa & 2 Swivel Rockers Excellent condition $300. Buyer haul. 352514-7152 4-3-2-6 CASH PAID For Laptops Sales/Service 336-0075. Power Supplies & Drives. Joel www.pcrecycle.biz 4-25-72-7 vo + A-1Ounputier Cook 333-8404 Computer Help! Now! 4-25-144-7 1-8-118-7 .'mpulr I :p 1 01 352.219.2980 2417,d!m 4-25-72-7 **Gatornerd.com** S Laptop/Computer Repair 'S.We will beat any price! S virus, hardware, Icd, dc jack, more. S Free Diagnosis @ 352-219-2980 0 4-25-72-7 COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-25-72-7 Microsoft Certified Professional here to address all of your computer and home networking needs. Free estimate. References available. Don't hesitate. Call 352-226-5151 4-25-72-7 DATA RECOVERY & Forensic Analysis Professional, Reliable Work Law Enforcement Officer BS Degree, A+ Certified Technician DataTriangle.com, 352-231-3300 5-15-73-7 *****ALTRICK COMPUTERS***** S Computer/Laptop Repair S S Upgrades S Free Diagnosis S S Will beat any price 0 813-918-7915 0 1215 NW 5th Ave S 4-4-30-7 Bicycles In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds NEW& USED BIKES FOR SALE WE REPAIR ALL BRANDS Best Prices in Town* SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W UNIV AVE (DOWNTOWN) 4-25-72-9 G3 For Sale PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-25-72-10 For Sale Books by Bob Brackin Visit my website www.bobbrackin.com 4-25-72-10 UF SURPLUS EQUIPMENT AUCTIONS are underway. bikes, computers, printers, vehicles and more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: http://www.'surplus.ufl.edu/online/ 8-15-96-10 Engagement ring for sale lct. round diamond ring, in white gold. Clarity VS-2, Color F, riig appraised at $6,600Must sell $3,750 OBO 727-560-6081 425-68-10 PLAZA JEWELERS 352-307-3846 Call now! Below Wholesale Diamonds -Cost + 20%!!! 1.01ct, round brilliant cut, G-S12 Retail $7200, PJ price $4450 EGL Certs. Guaranteed. 2,000 Diamonds 4-25-25-10 AQUARIUM 55 gal, w/beautiful oak stand. Lots of extras. $225. Phone 337-2757 4-2-5-10 4 TANK KEG-A-RATOR with all hookups. MUST SELL $1200/OBO. Call Dakota 231-9226 4-11-10-10 Guys do you have women problems? Do friends go out when you're alone? Learn to approach women & have them chasing you. Get results www.straightAdating.com ,4-13-10-10 ** SCOOTERS ** RPM MOTORCYCLES INC SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-25-72-11 ***SOLANO CYCLE*** Scooters from $899. Largest selection from KYMCO, Daelim, Hyosung, Adly, Go-Ped, Schwin, others. 2 yr warrantees. 3550 SW 34th St 338-8450 solanocycle.com 4-25-72-11 *****New Scooters 4 Less***** Providing excellent service and new scooters at great prices! 1901 NW 67th Place, 336-1271 NEW website www.NS4L.com 4-25-72-11 ***GatorMoto*** We have moved to a temp. location as we await the completion of our new state of the art facility. We still have new scooters starting at $1199. lyr Warranties. We also service ALL brands of scooters. Pickup Available Low Labor Rates. Free estimates. 376-6275 4-25-72-11 SCOOTER SERVICE New Scooters 4 Less has LOW rates and services on any scooter. Pickup/drop off avail. $19.99 oil change and tune ups. Call us! 336-1271 4-25-72-11 SWAMP CYCLES 534 SW 4th Ave. Largest Selection of E-bikes, Scooters, Accessories and More!! Best Prices and Customer Service!! www.swampcycles.com 4-25-72-11 Scooter Maintenance Packages Buy all of your scooter maintenance in a 2 -or 4 year package & save $! Check out NS4L.com or call 336-1271 for more info! 4-25-54-11 **www.BuyMySCooter.Com*** Buy A New Scooter S Buy A Used Scooter All on one site! Check the website or call 336-1271 for more info! 4-25-54-11 **SHINKO SPORT BIKE TIRES** 190/50/ZR1 7 $115.95-180/55/ZR7 $112.95 'I20/70/ZR1 7 now $82.95 (in stock + more) Michelin/Dunlop/Bridgestone/Metzeler/Pirelli www.rpmmotorcycles.com/tires 377-6974 4-25-36-11 **** BLOWOUT SALE!!! *** GatorMoto is having a huge sale on NEW '06 models. Only $899 gets you a brand new scooter w/ 1 YEAR WARRANTY! Only a few left at this price. Financing avail. 376-6275. 4-25-31-11 ****CASH PAID**** For MOTORCYCLES or SCOOTERS Running or not, Newer or Older (no junk ps) I will pick up. Call TODAY 352-441-0442 425-26-11 2007 Harley XL1200C Sportster 1500 miles. Pacific Blue Pearl. Asking $9200. Mint. Save Over $2000. Call 386527-9406 4-3-10-11 For sale 2004 YAMAHA R6 Blue. The bike has never been dropped. With 8000 miles. The bike has full micron system with V-stacks, slide stops. Price $5300 gcofieldd@yahoo.com 4-6-10-11 2005 UNITED MOTORS X-SPEED 50cc Scooter, low miles, great condition, $1050, Call Alex 954-804-2573 4-3-5-11 Autos *FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CARS ORunning or not! *NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS *Over 10 yr svc to UF students *Call Don @ 215-7987 4-25-72-12 CARS -CARS BuySSellSTrade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-25-72-12 OVER 50 IMPORTS UNDER $10,000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.selectmotorcar.us 4-25-72-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! HONDAS, CHEVYS, TOYOTAS, ETC. For listings 800-366-9813 ext 4622 4-25-71-12 Waste Management is a Fortune 200 company and the leading provider of comprehensiVe environmental services in North America. Please join us in a leadership trainee position, working directly with drivers and management to improve efficiencies. You must be graduating with a bachelor's degree and be able to relocate, if necessary, within northern Florida. Travel will be required, and knowledge of transportation, dispatch or logistics is a plus. We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package. Please email your resume to jcravens@wm.com or mail to Waste Management, 6501 Greenland Rd., Jacksonville, FL 32258. We promote a diverse workforce. EOE M/F/DN WWUZ* iAsTE MANAGEMENT 

PAGE 21

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 E ALLIGATOR, 21 Autos Auto, tedne Help Wanted Grand Opening Sunrise Auto Sales 3630 N Main St. 352-375-9090 Buy Here, Pay Here 4-25-72-12 Sunrise Auto Sales 3630 N. Main St. 352-375-9090 No credit check Bring W-2s and Drive home today. 4-2572-12 Sunrise Auto Sales 352-375-9090 $2000 off all financed vehicles Warranty available Wide selection of vehicles 4-25-72-12 Sun City Auto Sales 2306 NE Waldo Rd 352-338-1999 Buy Here, Pay Here No credit check 4-25-72-12 Sun City Auto Sales 352-338-1999 Bring W-2s & drive home today Wide selection of vehicles $2000 off all financed vehicles 4-25-72-12 JUNK CARS HAULED AWAY! S0S FREE S FREE S FREE* FREE*** MUST HAVE TITLE! METRO GNV ONLY! CALL DON 215-7987 4-25-72-12 GATORMAX Used Cars Sale & trade Www.gatormax.net See our inventory! 5-15-84-12 CARS FROM $29/MO! Hondas S Chevys 0 Jeeps and more! $0 Down, 36 Months @ 8.5% apr. For listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9765 4-25-72-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING?** POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK? On site available. Call Steve 352-226-1973 4-25-43-12 2003 MITSUBISHI GALLANT 64K miles. Asking $8100. Call 786-208-0902 4-9-14-12 SATISFY A RAG TOP DAY Red '97 Chrysler Sebring convertible. 77k mi, great A/C, fair condition. $4000. Cal 618604-0433 4-9-10-12 Your roommate hasn't done the dishes in How long?! Find a better dishwasher in the Alligator Classifieds. THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY NEEDS VOLUNTEER DRIVERS Transport patients to/from treatments Must have valid driver's license, safe driving record & attend training session. Call 352-376-6866 ext 114 for more info. LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: Gold Diamonds Gems Class Rings ETC Top Cash $$$ or Trade OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY 373-9243. 8-1524-13 UF GRAD PAYS MORE for gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds, guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell Call Jim 376-8090 or 2228090 4-25-72-13 Buying jewiry, gold, diamonds etc. Top dollar paid. 727-560-6081 4-25-68-13 On going volunteer needed: Blind lady needs trans Sundays only to Mass @ Queen of Peace Catholic Church or St. Augustine Catholic Church. For more info. call 2196948 I live in the Tower Rd. area 4-6-72-13 ASSISTANCE FOR BLIND LADY living in the Tower Rd area. Need volunteer companions for EVENING WALKS and SATURDAY MORNING TRIPS TO ANGEL GARDENS. Prefer females. Please call 352-219-6948 4-6-72-13 $ FOR BOOKS $ New, used, paperback & hardcover. I will pick them up -get them out of your way & pay you for your books! Call 352-258-8627 4-6-10-13 This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings Sthe independent florida alligator RETAIL ADVERTISING MANAGER We are looking for a motivated, energetic and sales driven individual to train a student sales staff in outside advertising sales. Emphasis on building new business relationships and increasing existing client base. Newspaper ad sales background an advantage. Marketing experience a plus. The job is 100% sales. Modest salary, good benefits and excellent working environment With -resume, send cover letter that must include salary requirements for you to be considered for an interview. Send to: General Manager, The Independent Florida Alligator, POB 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604 Or email tcarey@alligator.org. No phone calls. -EOE. "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" g o '3 I F. I F. rm I -J = wpmn I jthe'"depende"tflorida ADVERTISING OFFICE MANAGER Enthusiastic, positive attitude, detail oriented, organized individual needed to coordinate daily office procedures. Career Staff position. Must work well under pressure meeting daily deadlines. Possess excellent cutomer service skills. Duties include procedural training with a constantly changing student sales staff. Working knowledge of Microsoft Access, Word and Excel. Modest salary, good benefits, and excellent working environment. With resume, send covar letter that must include salary requirements for you to be considered for an interview. Send to: General Manager, The Independent Florida Alligator POB 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604 Or email to: tcareyoalligator.org No phone calls please. EOE LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, pers ref. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-25-72-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard working person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. Will train, PT to start with more hrs possible. Start at $7.00/hr. Flex hrs. Please call 495-9024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-25-72-14 CNA CLASS: $250! learn @ your own time & pace. All you need to be a CNA & pass the state exam is on VCR tape. I have a 95% PASS RATE! check it out: www.lapcnatraining.com or 800-566-4913 4-25-72-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 Call now! 425-72-14 Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and IT needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/ employment 4-25-72-14 $$ STUDENTS GET CASH $$ For gently used brand name Clothing/accessories & furniture $Cash on the Spot$ SANDY'S No appt necessary! 2906 NW 13th St 372-1226 425-72-14 EARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 600-965-6520 ext 138 4-25-72-14 SECRET SHOPPERS Needed for evaluations of Local Stores, Restaurants and Theaters Flexible Hours, Training Provided Call 1-800-585-9024 ext 6254 4-25-72-14 GATOR DOMINOS $12 -15/Hour DRIVERS $6.67.$7.40/Hour INSIDERS $8.35-$9.40/hr MANAGERS in training Apply online at www.gatordominos.com/jobs Or at any of the 6 locations. 4-25-72-14 Gator Domino's is growing again. We are looking for career oriented team members. Now hiring Assistant Managers and future GMs. $8.35-$9.40/hr for Managers in training. GMs $40k+. Send resumes to Freddie@gatordominos.com or call Ann at -352-318-9650. Learn more at www.gatordominos.com 4-25-72-14 GREAT PAY FOR THOSE WHO STAY! Park Place Car Wash is looking for hard workers for all positions. Cashiers (fullday availablity) & line workers (AM 8:30-1 & PM 12-/shifts avail) 15-40hrs-your choice. Greatwork environment. Apply in person. 7404 NW 4th Blvd. Across from Home Depot. No calls please 4-25-1,36-14 POLITICAL CALL CENTER Phone reps needed ASAP for Political Campaigns. Base hourly rate + bonus. 371-5888 ext. 111 or 4112 NW 22nd Dr. 425-72-14 PHILOSOPHICAL THINKER CREEPY BEARDED GUY Find a job before you outstay your welcome, Post-grad careers, part-time jobs and internships. Go online or text "CBcampus" to 68247* 1 -p c 'Standard text messgmng rates may a pply. 

PAGE 22

22, ALLIGATOR U MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 Help Waited Help Wanted Help WHelp Wante Hel Wanted EARN $60 THIS WEEK! Donate Plasma & Save a Life $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ $ Best part-time job you'll ever have NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St 352-378-9204 4-25-72-14 @00 SOCCER COACHES 00 needed for GSA rec and camp youth teams. Experience required. License preferred for comp. For info: contact@gainesvillesoccer.org or 379-5979 4-25-72-14 PARADIGM PROPERTIES Leasing Consultant, PT Sales & customer service exp. EOE, DFWP 220 N. Main; 352-375-2152 X301 x301 www.teamparadigm.com 4-25-30--14 Bureau of Economic and Business Research at Warrington College of Business Administration Survey Research Center Hiring Students and Non Students Hourly Rate ($7.50 -$8.00) Flexible scheduling Great Resume Builder Fluent Spanish/English Speaker Positions Available (352) 392-2908 X 105 4-25-72--14 Sales/Leasing Spebialist Part-time and Fulltime professional sales positions in local managment co. Fax resume, cover letter & avail schedule to 352-376-6269 or email hr@trimarkproperties.com. 4-25-70-14 Atn Smokers! Earn at least $7/hr Smokers needed to participate in a study on decisionmaking & smoking. If interested, come to Rm 81 in the UP Psychology Bldg. call 3920601 x297, visit mmw.psych.ufl.edu/-lor-ey/ smokers.mht for more info. 4-25-70-14 CASHII Tired of sifting around with out it? Sit here & make it! UF FLORIDA REPDIALS seeks UF students to raise funds. Earn up to $8.00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedule. Apply at 105 NW 16th St. 4th floor. Academic Classroom Building 105 or call 392-7754 for more info 4-25-69-14 GATORSNEEDJOBS.COM Paid survey takers needed in Gainesville. 100% FREE to join. Chlick on Surveys. 425-66-14 400+ Counselor/Instructor Jobs!, 3 Coed Summer Camps in PA. Travel Paid. Top Salary. Cool Nights & W~arm Days! 1-800-488-4321 www.lohikan.com 4-25-55-14 Summer Jobs *0$2100 Co-Ed Camp Seven Weeks Room and Board Included Get Paid to Play! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs male and Female summer camp Counselors Ages 18 and up. FEYC is an overnight camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL The camp runs June 4 -July 22. Please Contact Krys Ragland --at 800-523-1673 ext 251 or 352-669-9443 ext 251 4-25-61-14 Earn $2500 + monthly and more to type simple ads online. www.DataAdEntry.com 4-25-60-14 *Dancers Needed* For adult entertainment company. Make $1000+/w"k. Flex schedule 378-3312 4-2553-14 PART TIME CLEANERS No experience necessary. No weekends. Flexible daytime hrs. Excellent pay. $10/hr. Clean vacant apts. Call 378-8252 4-1240-14 SUBWAY OAKS MALL Happy energetic fast reliable honest people. No hot greasy fries, no grease traps. Call 305-773-3592 4-25-40-14 Camp Counselors Needed at Camp Wekiva in Wekiva Springs State Park, AApopka, FL. A Sleepaway, Environmental Camp Boys -June 16-30 Girls June 30-July 28. Contact mj.meherg@worldnet.aBt.net 4-12-30-14 Ladies Be Your Own Boss!!! Moms Helping Moms Earn Residual Incomel! Set Your Own Hours and Days. Need extra cash? We -can help. Please visit our website. www.athomeiam.com 425-34-14 SUMMER JOBS City of Gainesville Parks/Rec Dept. is now hiring for seasonal recreation and aquatics positions Competitive pay in great work environment! Apply online today at www.cityofgainesville.jobs (352) 334-5077 7-31-55-14 PIZZA HUT Now hiring. Drivers. Part time & full time. 5004 NW 34th St. 373-7733. Apply in person. 4-25-32-14 SHIFT MGMT $7.25 -$9.25. You are in charge. You make the call. Food service or retail exp a must. Fax resume 384-9911 or apply in person @ any Pizza Hut. 4-25-32-14 LOTS OF NANNIES NEEDED am's to 12/1; 12pm to ?; 2pm to 6; nights w/newbie; Resume, pix, schedule to: NOAH'S ARK NANNY gnv@nanoneone.com 4-2-15-14 GatorMoto. Looking for energetic college students who want to make commission based sales. Job openings avail now. Potential to make up to $15K this spring/summer. Work your own hours! 376-6275 for more info 425-28-14 Rapidly growing telecom co seeks SALES ASSOCIATES for outbound telephone sales. High energy and will train. Call Charles at 376-4803 EOE 4-13-20-14 HUD PROCESSORS NEEDED Flexible schedule. Full/Part time. Training provided. 800-490-5260 4-3-10-14. You deserve the best -and so do we! Come join our team of the best caregivers in town. Gain experience working with the elderly. Must pass 3 bkgd. cks. PT/FT. $7.75/hr. Call 331-8253 4-3-10-14 Growing Real Estate Company looking for web-design intern. Fax resume, Atn. Jenny at 352-505-0310 or email to Jenny@cornellre.com 4-10-15-14 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED The 31st Annual GATOR TENNIS CAMP is now hiring good tennis players for the four weeks in June. Only quality players with very positive personalities need apply. Excellent pay, working approx. 9 hours per day. Camp is held on UF Campus, in the Ring Tennis Complex and the Flavet Tennis Courts. If Interested, please call M. B. Chafin, Camp Director, at 392-3538 between 10-5 daily, or in the evenings at 376-8030. If no answer, please leave name and phone number. 4-17-20-14 $12.50 Per Hour Starting Proven ad sales prof. w/a strong ability to close. (Bonuses/ Commission) FT, Permanent. Benefits after successfully completing probation. Email resume to: sdavis@lesterpublications.com 4-10-15-14 Part Time Work for Full Time Pay Need a 2nd Job or Extra Income? We Need Good Sales Reps! PT Evenings, $7-10 per hr, Pd Wkly, Experience a Plus. Leave Message 352-377-2573 4-3-10-14 Tutor needed for 2 10-year old boys. English & math. Only college grad or PhD students majoring in English, math or engineering need, apply. Start 4/15-Summer. 3-5 visits/ wk. Fax contact info & resume 373-4491 4-3-10-14 Child care Provider Starting May after school pickup. Full time from June to August. Must be energetic, great attitude & enjoy children. Required: nonsmoker, swimmer & outdoor activitiesPlease call 317-0625 to discuss details. Job location near Haile Plantation 4-3-10-14 CAMP NURSE Wanted for private Wisc boys camp. 6/16 -8/12, 379-7366, camphighlands.com 43-10-14 NANNY For 3 & 5 y.o. to accompany us to familyowned boys camp in Wisc. 6/16-8/12, 3797366, camphighlands.com 4-3-10-14 WGFGANE MASTER CONTROL OPERATOR (PT) weekends & overnight. Operate tech equipment, record program feeds, maintain logs. Computer skills required. Entry level position, will train. Fax 352-371-9353 or email resume to hrdept@mygainesville.tv DFWP, EOE 4-3-10-14 WANT TO WORK. IN ORLANDO? LIKE THE IDEA OF WORKING WITH OTHER UNIV. OF FLA GRADS? GREAT SALARY AND BENEFITS PACKAGES AVAILABLE.Please email resume to Access Control Technologies at sales@acflorida.com for interview. 4-310-14 TEACHERS NEEDED Imagine Learning Center 371-5450. Taking applications from reliable, creative individuals who enjoyworking with children 4-1720-14 CHEMISTRY POSITIONS IN FOOD RESEARCH LABORATORY. Chemistry experience required. Instrumentation experience helpful. Please email resume to kathyb@abcr.com 4-3-10-14 HELP WANTED Full & part time. No experience needed. We will train. Apply in person: Pinch-a-Penny behind Home Depot. 4-4-10-14 BARN HELP EXPERIENCE NECESSARY Cleaning stalls & feeding. Some mornings. Hunter Jumper/Crosscountry Farm 20 minutes from UF. Will trade for lessons or boarding. Call 359-4149 4-4-10-14 Brand new mother run co. looking for nurturing caregivers with flex scheds for child care in area homes. Call 331-5233 or www.OnCallMoms.com 4-6-12-14 General Maintenance Looking Glass Apartments Full )/w experience) & Part-time Call 376-1111 -111 NW 16th St. 4-5-10-14 MOTHER'S HELPER NEEDED for household chores & child care. $8/hr to start. 10 hrs/wk. 379-0619, leave message. 4-5-10-14 HANDYMAN NEEDED for odd jobs & yard work. 10-20 hrs/wk, flexible work schedule, some experience required, $10/hr. 379-0619, leave message. 4-5-10-14 TOBY Now hiring friendly faces at Thornebrook Village store. 4-25-24-14 AU-PAIR wanted! German family with 3 kids (8,5,3) + 1 dog seeks a female, non-smoking Au-Pair for 12 months begining Aug 07 in Hamburg, GERMANY. Work experience with children required! Please e-mail: ca.koch@freenet.de 4-19-20-14 Real Estate INVESTOR SEEKS TRAINEE No experience needed just desire to learn 8k-16k monthly potential CALL NOW 1866-333-7013 or reply investment-solutions@hotmail.com 4-5-10-14 VET EMERGENCY/CRITICAL CARE HOSPITALS SEEKS FT, PT TECHNICIANS. Night, weekend shifts. Located in St Augustine and Daytona area. Please fax resume to 904-794-5072 or 386-252-0206 4-13-15-14 Play based preschool is looking for On Site Director, Teachers & Assistants. $8-$15/hour + benefits. Exp or edu required. PT/FT Must love kids. Call 377-2290 4-6-10-14 NERO'S ITALIAN RESTAURANTE Now hiringexp. servers, counter staff, buser person, & catering delivery person. Please apply at 5240 NW 34th St. Across from YMCA. Call 2-4PM 372-7430 4-20-20-14 CALICO JACKS OYSTER BAR Now hiring for kitchen positions. Apply in person 3501 SW 2nd Ave. 4-4-7-14 LANE BRYANT STORES PT sales assoc needed now -for our new Gainesville store. Call 352-873-0051 4-2320-14 CUSTOMER SERVICE REP for local telepohone company. Flexible hours. No nights or weekends. FT/PT available. Call 372-2051 for appointment. EEO 4-25-22-14 NANNY FOR AFTERNOONS M-F @ 1:30 / Wed @ 12:30 20 hrs / 2 kids / summer & Fall Noah's Ark Nanny; e-mail resume, pix, schedule to gnv@nanoneone.com 4-2522-14 NANNY FOR NEWBORN TWINS M, T, TH; 20 hrs/wk Noah's Ark Nanny, e-mail resume, pix, schedule to gnv@nanoneone.com 4-9-10-14 SALES CONSULTANT Telemarketing business to business. Base and commission. Warm leads. Benefits. Send resume to hr@gleim.com. www.gleim.com 4-9-10-14 NETWORK ADMIN. Linix. SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Java. PHP. SOL. Delphi. FT/PT Flexible hours. Send resume to hr@gleim.com www.gleim.com 4-9-10-14 CASINO'S PASTAAND PIZZA now hiring delivery drivers, pizza makers, inside help including managers. More experience-more pay. Join our team of HighRollers; we bet you'll love us! 352-672-2808 4-9-5-14 Providers for persons w/disabilities; flex hrs; $10-13+/hr (act hrs), $8-10/hr (rest hrs). Call 352-331-1777; visit: www.HenesHealthCare Agency.CityMax.com 4-2-5-14 Donor Scheduling Representative LifeSouth Community Blood Centers has part time opportunities for energetic and team oriented people to help maintain the community blood supply! Pay is $8.50 per hour plus a competitive incentive plan. All applicants must be available to work evening and weekend hours. Apply at LifeSouth Community Blood Centers, 4039 Newberry Road, or call 224-1740. Background check required. EOE/DFWP. 4-10-10-14 Donor Scheduling Representative LifeSouth Community Blood Centers has Full time opportunities available for energetic and team oriented individuals to help maintain the community blood supply! Compensation is a base hourly rate plus a competitive incentive plan and full benefits. All applicants must be available to work evening and weekend hours. Apply at LifeSouth Community Blood Centers, 4039 Newberry Road, or call 224-1740. Background check required. EOE/DFWP. 4-10-10-14 RECEPTIONIST -PT/FT $7/hr plus, handling incoming/outgoing calls; positive attitude/dependability a must, call now 372-6697 4-3-5-14 Family Business looking to hire sons & daughters as animal care technicians for reptile breeding farm. Must be responsible diligent, & able to follow directions. PT/FT Start $6.75/hr. Call 352-495-3075 4-3-5-14 Receptionist/front office assistant for Dermatology office. Must have excellent organization and communication skills. FT M-F, 8-5 Insurance/retirement benefits available. Medical office experience desired but will train motivated person. Fax resume to 352-332-2966 4-3-5-14 BABYSITTER NEEDED FOR THE WEEK of April 15-20 from approx 7am until 1pm. Babsitter can be available for all or some of these days. Please call 281-8200 4-6-8-14 Customer Service Rep PT positions available. Computer savvy and Quickbooks experience is a PLUS. Weekends are a MUST and Willing to train. Ask for Sandy 335-4681 4-11-10-14 LIVE-IN HOUSEKEEPER/NANNY 5 times/week. Email deia05@ufl.edu or 786859-6965 4-3-5-14 Now Hiring New Grads! Interested in a Great Career in Sales? Naylor, LLC, located here in Gainesville, is currently looking for highly motivated, goal-oriented people for positions in advertising sales. Our next class starts May 21! We offer a very comprehensive paid four week professional sales training program, to help you become prepared for an exciting job in Sales. Check us out! To apply, visit-www.naylor.com 4-11-10-14 U) CL E 0C 0 116111. %M~ 

PAGE 23

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 M ALLIGATOR, 23 jlpetWanted Help WaU Help Wanted Servics personal KISS 105.3 SEEKS STREET TEAM MEMBERS! Drive the Giant KISS BoomBox, set-up broadcast equipment, interact with listeners. Entry level position. Will ttrai. Apply in person at 7120 SW 24th Ave. Gainesville, FL 32607 or e-mail resume to PAID MARKETING INTERNSHIP! INFO@KISS1053.COM. EOE 4-25-20-14 Naylor, LLC is interviewing now for paid PT marketing internships for the summer. Intern will create market plans, conduct industry DELIVERY DRIVERS up to $12/hr. research and manage research'library KITCHEN HELP $6.75/hr. To apply please visit www.naylor.com CALIFORNIA CHICKEN GRILL 378-2442 4-11-10-14 4-25-20-14 Horse farm Alachua/High Springs area. 20 Experienced Housekeeper/Nanny flexible hours. Must be able to use tractor, for one year old baby bushhog and chainsaw, handle horses, about 35hrs wk $7.50 an hour $7/hr. 366-462-9943 or 352.671-2524 leave Spanish or Portuguese speaker ok message. 4-11-10-14 email: deia05@ufl.edu 4-4-5-14 KISS 105.3 FM SEEKS PT RECEPTIONIST! Mornings or afternoons Monday through PT MEDICAL BILLING POSITION Friday. Apply in -person at 712.0 SW 24th Daytime hours required. Send resume to Avenue Gainesville, FL 32607 or email 6400 W. Newberry Rd. #301 Gainesville, FL resume to INFO@KISS1053.COM. EOE. 32605 4-12-10-14 4-25-20-14 PT MEDICAL OFFICE WORK LA FIESTA NOW HIRING Evenings. Computer & patient contact. Send WAITSTAFF, HOSTESSES. resume to 6400 W. Newberry Rd. #301, Apply in person 7038 NW 10th Pl. Anytime Gainesville, FL 32605 4-12-10-14 between 2 & 4pm. 4-11-10-14 Fr =-M-----M-111101 M 0 Cn 0 0 (D (D CL V 0 F, C U) (D K) U) 0 0 M n 1. For Rent: Furnished .14. Help Wanted 2. For Rent: Unfurnished -15. Services 3. Sublease: House/Apt .__ 16. Health Services 4 Roommates -7. Resumes/Typing Services 5. Rest Estate -1t8. Personas 6. Furniture/Household Items -19. Connections 7. Computers __20. Events/Notices 8. Stereos/Electronics -21. Entertainment 9. Bicycles __2.22 Tickets 10. For Sale -23. Rides .11. Mopeds/Motorcycles -24. Pets 12. Autos _.25. Lost& Found -13. Wanted I MASTERCARD Q VISA EXP. DATE CREDITCARD# D > Z 0 O I --0 In Great opportunity for psych, special ed or TLC HORSEBOARD applied behavior majors. Gain experience All facilities & amenities: quality instrucin autism intervention w20 yr old. 1 yr comtion. 15 min from UF. Jan at 376-7762. mitment. Contact 256-2002 for details. Fax Greathouse Equestrian Center. 4-25-72-15 resume to 375-4268 4-12-10-14 .IMMIGRATION LAW Experienced Dental Front Desk Marriage Visas -Employment Visas Fax resume 375-4268 4-5-5-14 Naturalization. Richard Ruth, Esq. 352-335-6748 www.ruthIaw.com 4-25-72-15 PT CAREGIVE/ASSISTANT Needed to help lady in wheelchair with daily AWARDS & PERSONALIZED GIFTS tasks. Flexible hours. Please call 505-3717 Plaques Name Badges Cups Etc. let ring. 4-5-5-14 Best Selection In Town www.signpower.com Fortune 500 Company in Jacksonvile SignMasters 335-7000 Florida CIT Group, Inc. (NYSE: CIT) is ex5-31-44-15 periencing significant growth and seeks candidates for positions in Accounting, Finance, MATH & PHYSICS TUTOR Customer Service, Collections and Sales -First hour FREE. 10 years of experience. Support. To learn more, please visit the Bilingual. Call Francisco at 352-494-8582 career section of our website www.cit.com. 4-10-40-15 EOE 4-5-5-14 *** GREAT BANNERS & SIGNS*** GREEK COMMUNITY liaison needed at Ben Custom Posters 0 Exhibits Awards & Jerry's Gainesville. ($8-11+/hr) Must be Top Quality Fast* Service Low Prices extremely outgoing, dependable & eager to www.signpower.com learn. Work will be within & outside of stores. SignMasters 335-7000 Email resume & class schedule to 5-31-44-15 pete@gainesvillesbesticrcream.com 4-65-14 HORSEBOARDING -1st Class Facilit Ben & Jerr's seeks outgoing individuals with transportation. Must thrive in a fast paced working environmnet and appreciate cleanliness and organization. Average $8-10/hr. Email resumes & class schedule to jen@gai nesvillesbesticecream.com 4-13-10-14 Now hiring FT counselors, PT drivers & PT front dest staff for SUMMER DAY CAMP. 352-378-8664 www.girtsclubnet.org. Positions open as soon as April 16. Must be commited through August 17. 4-13-10-14 Tired of Going to Class? Start Your Very Own Online Business Today! www.SixFigureProgram.com 4-25-18-14 GRADUATING PREMEDS ONLY Clinical Assistant for full time patient care. Will train. Email resume, MCAT, GPA to Dr. Levy afn2225@cOx-ne nt 4-25-18-14 0) > Z Orange and Blue Textbooks is hiring Summer 0 -! Rush Help. Looking for people with register/ mn customer service experience. Also looking I for, shipping & handling staff and management staff. Contact the manager at the store location, 309 NW 13th Street. 4-25-18-14 OFFICE ASSISTANT FT outside/inside versatile, loves to read, enjoys words & language(s). Excellent computer skills. 1 yr+ commitment. Resume to: 626 NE 1st St. 32602 or PauISRothstein@yahoo.com 4-13-10-14 Services Iwills IMPORT AUTO REPAIR.BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-25-72-15 OFFICE USE ONLY I HYPNOTIST-Stop smoking. Improve memSp. chg ory & concentration. Eliminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self-hypnosis. CASH e CK Low Student Rates.Leonard Umans AAPH, Re. By INGH certified 379-1079. 4-25-72-15 RATES EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The countryclub for horses & owners. (Circle One) Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath. 250' x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump pad1 Day.$6.00 dock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 mafted stalls, 19 2 Days.$11.00 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-5913 Days.$14.00 3175 everglade-eqestrian.com 4-25-72-15 4 Days.$17.00 5 Days.$20.00 Want to be a CNA? Don't want to wait? Express Training Services can get you certidditi fied under 3 wks! Hands-on exp, no videos. Addiional Da Day/eve/wkend avail. Next class 3/12/07. $2.00 each Class sizes limited. 338-1193 for details. Days = $ 4-25-72-15 Additional Lines PERSONAL TRAINING 300 $2 S eac lie, ech dy I Personal and Group Training $2.00 each line, each day Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Add'I Lines = $_ Call for a free workout 339-2199 & -----6 ---4-25-72-15 Hunter ring w/rubber footing, crosscountry course. Horses fed 3x/day. Prices are $275-$400/mo. Hunter/Jumper lessons avail. 20 min from UF. 3594149 for info. 4-4-10-15 TutorGator.Com Search tutors for all UF and Santa Fe courses! Exam reviews, problem solving sessions, get the help you need! 4-20-20-15 PRISTINE CLEANING Move in. Move out. Anything and everything gets clean. Call 352-283-6820 4-3-5-15 FLASHBACKS HAS MOVED To 509 NW 10th Ave. We now have parking! We pay cash for clothing. Since 1986 3753752. 4-25-72-18 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-25-72-18 SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480 4-25-72-18 If you would like to CONTRIBUTE TO BUILDING A HOME FOR HOMELESS SCHOOL CHILDREN in our community, please call Ken at 352-339-1746 4-25-29-18 connection Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love Event Notlices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! CALICO JACKS OYSTER BAR 2-4 Tuesdays 2-4-1 Happy HourAll Day AYCE Wings $9.95 4-3-1-20 th ServicesI Etairmont All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-25-72-16 UNPLANNED PREGNANCY? Confidential, compassionate adoption advice. Expenses paid if needed. Choose life! www.america nkidzadoption.com FL lic. # 1105-002-000 (727) 823-1537 or toll free (866) 525-3057 4-25-72-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $119! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups farming now. 339-2199 4-25-72-16 ONLINE COUNSELING Licensed, PhD. Additions, Food Issues, Depression, Stress $35/hour. hftp://www.Dr-is-In.com 4-25-72-16 ABORTION/ABORTION BY PILL (RU-486) IV Sedation, Student Discount. Well Woman Care & Birth Control Bread & Roses Women's Health Center www.breadroses.com 352-372-1664 4-25-69-16 There will be a meeting for SURVIVORS OF SUICIDE Those who have lost a loved one to suicide Wed, April 4th from 6:30-9:30 pm at The Alachua County Crisis Center at 218 SE 24th Street, Gainesville, Florida. Call 264-6789 if you have any questions 4-4-5-16 LABORATORY TESTING Any test available. Local collection site. Secure, confidentail results directly to your PC. Highly discounted. No appointment necessary. www.medlabusa.com 4-25-19-16 ANONYMOUS HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 486-2255 4-25-72-21 Rocky Creek Paintball in Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better Call 371-2092 8-9-72-2 1 Rides GMG TRANSPORT 23 Yrs. as the Official So. Fl. Bus Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $45 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.GMGTRANS.com 4-25-72-23 JACKSONVILLE INT'LAIRPORT and Beaches -5 daily trips. $40 ONE WAY or $65 ROUND TRIP RUNWAYS. Travel Better. www.rnwy.com 800-578-6929 4-25-72-23 SIGNATURE SHUTTLE UF -Jacksonville /Airport UF -Orlando /Airport $32.00 Each Way No Hidden Costs 352-219-8778 4-25-26-23 Pets Furry, feathery, scaly.no, not your roommate.pets. Find or advertise yoor pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. 1Lost-,&found Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. Call 373-FIND, CLASS$ICATIONS '1Cnehe)0, 1 

PAGE 24

Sports MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org Tourney sweet for Humphrey Senior breaks 3-pointers record By JENNA MARINA Alligator Staff Writer jmarina@am1igator.org ATLANTA -Senior Lee Humphrey -more affectionately known to his teammates as "Humpty" -may have just picked up another nickname: Cookie Monster. "I'm sure Lee probably hasn't gone to bed without milk and cookies since he's gotten here," UF coach Billy Donovan said. Humphrey can't deny the moniker. "Coach has a good sense of humor, but it's kind of true," Humphrey said. "I don't drink milk and cookies every night before I go to bed. There might be some nights that I have milk and cookies." If anyone would know about Humphrey's late-night eating habits, it'd be his road roommate, freshman Dan Werner. Werner said that he and Humphrey stay away from midnight snacking and instead stuff their faces during the team meals. "When we get our meal, we get our money's worth," Werner said. "I like food, but Lee Hump likes his food a lot. He'll eat anything. Everyone on the team will think the meal's bad, but he'll say, 'Aw, I loved it."' Perhaps it's this insatiable hunger that has led Humphrey to become one of the best 3-point shooters in college basketball history. On Saturday night, Humphrey sank four from beyond the arc to break the all-time NCAA Tournament record for 3-pointers. "I think it's pretty neat that I had an opportunity to break that record." Lee Humphrey UF shooting guard The senior's 43 threes in his 14 career postseason games surpassed former Duke guard Bobby Hurley's 42, achieved from 1990-93. "I think that's a cool accomplishment," Humphrey said. "I think it's pretty neat that I had an opportunity to break that record." After his low-shooting performance in both the Purdue and Butler games last weekend -he hit two 3-pointers in both -Humphrey could have missed out on breaking the record. But a Donovan pep talk gave the senior just what he needed to return to his sharp-shooting self. "Before the Oregon game -because I had a couple games where I didn't shoot the ball as well -Coach came up to me, he said, 'Lee, have faith that the guys are going to give you what you need. Go out there and play and just play with confidence,"' Humphrey said. The result? Humphrey sank seven threes, one of which actually ripped through the net to cause a 10-minute game delay. Humphrey has enjoyed the Gators' tournament run, and the two-time Southeastern Conference Scholar Athlete of the Year is not at all worried about missing class. "I like to be on the road just because you don't have to go to class, and you get to relax," he said. "I get to catch up on my rest more than I ever would at school. Plus, I don't get two massages every day when I'm home at school, either." The past three weeks have also been particularly enjoyable to Humphrey because his favorite film series has been on television. When Werner and Humphrey are in their hotel room, they have spent their time watching SEE LEE, PAGE 27 Tim casey / Alligator Staff UF senior guard Lee Humphrey shoots during the first half of the national semifinal game between the Gators and. the Bruins on Saturday at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta. Fouls irk Buckeyes' Oden By ANTONIO GONZALEZ Alligator Staff Writer agonzalez@alligator.org ATLANTA -Greg Oden sat up in his chair, surfacing from his uninterested shell, and spoke with authority Sunday when asked about the officiating in the NCAA Tournament. "It seems to me that they call more ticky-tack fouls than they did in the regular season, especially the Big Ten season," Oden said in his lone moment of emotion during Ohio State's media session in the Georgia Dome. "I have no idea why they officiate harder." Plagued by foul trouble in this year's tournament, Oden has been sidelined for valuable minutes. The 7-foot freshman sensation played a mere 20 minutes in the Final Four against Georgetown. He committed two fouls in the game's first 3 minutes, sitting on the bench for the remainder of the half without scoring a point. The Buckeyes, like in most games in SEE ODEN, PAGE 27 OSU now the disrespected team r gs here are eerily r the days in Arizona lead Bowl Championship Se Championship Game. Only the roles have flip-flo The Gators are now the Buckeyes now the ones feeling .There are throngs of repo toward UF, asking about its dc With Ohio State, the quest toward revenge and overco toric" opponent. The Gators are walking v confidence and swagger, the a chip on their shoulders. No way these Buckeyes s against the Gators, right? Think again. Remember how things p Glendale? ATLANTA -Everyone thought they had that game eminiscent to picked. How wrong they were. (Before ling up to the passing judgment, remember I accurately ries National predicted UF's win, and the exact number of points it scored.) ped. If the Gators favorite, the think they can just disrespected. show up and win, rters flocking they have another minance. thing coming. ons are geared Ohio State enning its "hisAntonio tears tonight with the best record in ith an air of Gonzalez the nation, winBuckeyes with Going Going Gonzo ners of 22 straight. agonzalez@alligator.org The Buckeyes were stand a chance ained out in No. 1 at the regular season's end. "I don't understand how (UF) was seeded SEE GONZO, PAGE 27 MLB Mets 6 Cardinals 1 NBA Miami 88 Detroit 94 1994: The UF men's basketball team loses to Duke 70-65 in the Final Four. Blue Devils forward Grant Hill sparked an 18-8 second half run to end what was the best season in Gators basketball history. Il Former UF women's basketball coach Carolyn Peck has gone back to broadcasting, being a color anaylst for ESPN during the women's NCAA Tournament. .The UF-track and field teams were in action this weekend at the Florida State Relays, and the Gators are starting to prep for the Pepsi Florida Relays this weekend. The Santa Fe baseball team also played. 

PAGE 25

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 U ALLIGATOR, 25 UF GYMNASTICS Gators dethrone Georgia for first SEC title since 1989 By RACHEL ROBINS Alligator Writer rrobins@alligator.org Titletown has another championship. For the first time since 1989, the UF gymnastics team captured the Southeastern Conference Championship on Saturday. It wasn't perfect, but it was enough to knock the crown off Georgia, who held the title since 2004. "It's wonderful because once again -showing what we have been saying all along as a coaching staff -it's a changing of the guard," UF coach Rhonda Faehn said. "We feel what we are doing here in Gainesville is something special." No. 1 UF (15-0-1, 5-0-1 SEC) followed the same rotation as a typical home meet starting on the vault and finishing on the floor. The Gators' fate was still up in the air upon completion of their final routine as Georgia had the uneven bars to conquer. With the Gators' breath lodged in their throat, they finally let out an exhale when the Bulldogs' bar score was announced. Georgia's 49.3 was not enough to catch UF's total of' 197.325, and the Bulldogs ended up in second, 0.15 behind. "It's amazing," sophomore Corey Hartung said. "Before the meet, we had that feeling inside of us that we knew we could do it. We knew it was our time to win it. We knew exactly what we had to do, and we went out there and did it." By the end of the season, the gymnastics team hopes to join the ranks of the football and men's basketball teams. Before the team left for the championships in Arkansas, it received a surprise visit from UF's unofficial motivational speaker, Urban Meyer. Faehn showed the group a video from Meyer filled with clips of past champions, including Muhammad Ali and others. "At the end, it said, 'Turn,' and then Urban Meyer was there behind us," Hartung said. "He came and gave us a little pep talk and said some good things to us just to get us pumped and excited." Faehn showed the montage again before the Gators took the gym Saturday. "He shared this awesome video," Faehn said. "Just 0whole weekend it was the girls talking about Urban and the video. It was just really special for them, and I was honored that he took the time out of his day to be able to help motivate our athletes." It wouldn't be a UF gymnastics meet unless there were records broken and awards collected. "We feel what we are doing here in Gainesville is something special." Rhonda Faehn UF gymnastics coach UF's score was the team's highest ever at an SEC Championship. Faehn was named the SEC Coach of the Year for the second straight season, and the night's top scorer on the floor, Amanda Castillo, was named SEC Freshman of the Year. "That's just awesome because like I said -I feel like she is one of the catalysts in the change in our demeanor and attitude in the team," Faehn said. Now, the gymnastics team has to play a brief waiting game. Today, the NCAA will announce each team's venue for the NCAA Regional Championships on April 14. By winning the SEC Championship, the team has cemented itself as one of the best in UF's history, but it still wants more. "Just now, Amanda said, 'This is just the appetizer. We're even hungrier now,'" Faehn said. UF's Ashley Reed performs on balance beam at the Southeastern Conference Championships in North Little Rock, Ark., on Saturday. AP Photo By KARL HYPPOLITE Alligator Writer The UF softball team entered this weekend's series against Mississippi riding a seven-game win streak. Unfortunately for the Gators (28-16, 6-8 Southeastern Conference), their bats didn't make it to Oxford until Sunday afternoon. UF avoided a sweep with Sunday's 8-4 win and regained the offensive firepower it displayed during its streak. Saturday was different. In the first game of the doubleheader, the Rebels (1622, 7-7 SEC) handed the Gators a 2-1 extrainnings loss, dropping the Gators' record to 6-9 in one-run games. UF's offense was stagnant in the second as it fell 4-2. "Things didn't go our way," said pitcher Stacey Stevens, who struck out four in seven innings. "We needed to get more runners on in the clutch and drive them in." Third baseman Melissa Zick came on strong after a quiet start to SEC play. The junior was 6 for 11 on the weekend. She -smacked her first career triple to right field in the first Sunday, driving in first baseman Alexandra Gardiner to give the Gators a 2-0 lead. "They were throwing me balls that I could hit hard," she said. "And I got lucky and they were able to fall." As has been the case all season, Kim Waleszonia's production was tied to UF's success. The sophomore was 0 for 9 in the first two games and 3 for 5 m Sunday's wi. Her double to center field in the fifth drove in catcher Kristina Hilberth and gave UF a 7-2lead. Zick "As she goes, we go," Coach Tim Walton said. "When she gets hits, we win, and when she doesn't get hits, we tend to struggle." Mississippi attempted a late rally in the seventh inning, down 8-3. Catcher Amber Tramp doubled to left, driving in infielder Ashley Dowdy and cutting the Gators' lead to four. The Gators got out of the jam as a groundout ended the game. "I started throwing too many pitches and falling behind in the count," Stevens said. "Thankfully I had the run support, and I was able to stay in the game." W mn shut out ipEC foes M NINA SUVAK LED UF IN MEGAN ALEXANDER'S ABSENCE. By PHIL KEGLER Alligator Writer The UF women's tennis team had already clinched the victory against Auburn, but that made no difference to Nina Suvak. As the senior's time at UF dwindles to a close, she continues to leave her mark on this Gators team, which picked up a pair of shutout wins this weekend against Alabama, 6-0, and Auburn, 7-0. Playing in the No. 2 position, the highest of her career, Suvak lost the first set 6-1. She led 5-2 in the second but let Auburn's Alex Haney come back to tie it at 5-5. "I was lost," Suvak said. "It was like -I'd never played tennis in my life." Nevertheless, she got the job done, winning in a third-set super tiebreaker 1-6, 7-6 (4), 1-0 (10-7). "I honestly don't know (how I won)," Suvak said. "I was just hanging in there, trying to fight." The No. 3 Gators (15-1, 6-1 SEC) swept the doubles point for the sixth time this season, losing only six games across three courts. On court one, Diana Srebrovic and Csilla Borsanyi defeated the No. 16-ranked duo of Alex Haney and Melissa Koning 8-1. Haney and Koning picked up their sole win after Srebrovic and Borsanyi built a 7-0 lead. Borsanyi carried her dominance from doubles play, winning her No. 4 singles match 6-0, 6-1 against Whitney Chappell to give the Gators a 2-0 lead. ALEXANDER SITS: Freshman Megan Alexander sat out for a fourth-straight match Sunday with lower back S problems. She was origie nn j ally listed on the lineup in her usual No. 2 slot. Thornqvist decided to sit her and play Lolita Frangulyan at No. 6 and shift everyone up one slot. Thornqvist hopes to have her back for next weekend and said if she's ready, she will play. MEN LOSE ONE, PPD ANOTHER: The No. 15 UF men's team (9-5, 4-3 SEC) lost to No. 16 Alabama 5-2 on Friday. Their match against Auburn on Sunday was postponed due to rain. The Gators led 2-1 when play was stopped. The match will most likely be made up April 15 or 16. U F d rops se r ies t0%o? R&-b e Is 

PAGE 26

26, ALLIGATOR U MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 UF BSBL Den Dekker shines in Georgia sweep ByTIM CASEY Alligator Writer ATHENS, Ga. -On a weekend when senior slugger Matt LaPorta belted four home runs, a freshman stolethe show. Center fielder Matt den Dekker blasted a home run over the leftfield fence with two outs in the 11th inning to give the Gators a 3-2 win and a series sweep against Georgia on Sunday. The shot came an inning after freshman right fielder Jonathan Pigott made a diving catch in foul territory after nearly colliding with den Dekker. "It was a big play, it helps you keep your head in the game and gives you momentum," den Dekker said. "Any time you can make a big defensive play, you can tum the game around. Every game in the (Southeastern Conference) is a battie, especially on Sundays. You've just got to keep battling." With the win, UF (18-13, 7-2 SEC) has won seven straight to and leads the SEC. On Sunday, freshman Kyle Mullaney held the Bulldogs (10-17, 3-6 SEC) scoreless in the final three innings. LaPorta was 1 for 3 with three walks to end his streak of five consecutive games with a home run. "It was a big game," LaPorta said. "With (Georgia) not pitching to me, it's great to see the other guys step up and make things happen." His second home run in Saturday's 9-1 win gave him 13 this season and 67 in his career. That career mark tied him with former Mississippi State slugger Rafael Palmeiro for third place on the SEC career list. First-year UF assistant coach Don Norris played on Georgia's 1990 College World Series team. Norris made a homecoming in the series, something he thought might be awkward. "It was a lot easier than I thought it would be. These games are about getting better, about gaining experience." Don Norris UF assistant coach "It was a lot easier than I thought it would be," Norris said. "These games are about getting better, about gaining e erience." The Gators used nie freshmen in the series, including seven on Sunday "You win the series when (LaPorta) does what (LaPorta) does," Norris said. "You pull off the sweep because other guys step up and do the little things that help win a game like we did today." UF freshman right fielder Jonathan Pigott avoids center fielder Matt den Dekker to catch a fly ball during the ninth inning of the Gators' 3-2 win at Georgia on Sunday. UF swept Georgia 3-0 Tim casey/ Alligator Staff during the weekend. RB Williams tears ACL, expects to miss 2007 season E HE WAS LISTED AS THE FOURTH RUNNING BACK. By MIKE MCCALL Alligator Writer UF running back Mon Williams tore his anterior cruciate ligament during a non-contact drill on EMPOP4Ef YO1R ROSINESS. Advertise in the country's largest college newspaper. With a daily circulation of 35,000 and a daily readership of 52,000, reach the Gainesville college community. Contact us at [352] 3734482. alligator Wednesday and will likely miss the 2007 season. The sophomore from Mesquite, Texas, was listed as the fourth running back on the Gators' depth chart, but was expected to see some playing time. "It's a bad deal because he was really coming on," UF coach Urban Meyer said. Despite the injury, Meyer is optimistic that Williams will make a full recovery. "I know (defensive tackle) Ray McDonald came Football back from two (tom ACLs last season)," he said. "I have great confidence in our medical staff and in what kind mined NO: HIMpd: Spike Florida Brown Dog of worker Mon Williams is." Williams played in eight games last season, gaining 101 yards on 13 carries. His most impressive performance came against Western Carolina on Nov. 18, when he was UF's leading rusher with 95 yards on nine attempts. Williams will likely seek a medical redshirt for this season. today "The positive side is we burned his redshirt last year and we shouldn't have, in my opinion, so he's got a redshirt available," Meyer said. "We love Mon Williams. We care about him. Kestahn Moore is currently the Gators' starting back, with Brandon James and Chevon Walker behind him. 'fit, :Pet kek4, F ~l Looking for a /-friend the whole family can love? Call 352.264.6870 / 

PAGE 27

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2007 E ALLIGATOR, 27 Senior sets records after SEC slump, plays final game tonight LEE, from page 24 television. When Werner and Humphrey are in their hotel the NCAA Tournament, failed to pull away against the Hoyas until Oden returned in the second half and dominated. But Oden said the officials, not his play, are to blame for his foul troubles. His teammates concurred. "It was the refs, definitely," Ohio State forward Othello Hunter said. "There's some I can't believe they call." Hunter compared Oden to Miami Heat center Shaquille O'Neal, in that the size of both makes it tough to officiate. "Just because he's aggressive, he gets penalized," Hunter said. "The officials are doing the best they can. He just has to adjust." Al Horford UF forward Intimidating opponents with his forceful play is something Oden does with pride. Lately, however, it has almost cost his team elimination. Oden's defensive presence has changed games. Georgetown's Roy Hibbert, for instance, dictated the flow offensively in Oden's absence. Minus a play or two, that was not the case when paired against Oden. "He's a beast," Hibbert said after the game. The Gators have taken notice of Oden's fouls. UF plans to attack him early and often tonight. What the Gators don't understand, however, is Oden's logic about his troubles. UF forward Al Horford, who also depends on his size and strength to muscle opponents, viewed Oden's assessment as an excuse. "The officials are doing the best they can," Horford said. "He just has to adjust." While Oden tries to attune his play, the Buckeyes have already done so. Anchored by freshmen, Ohio State has developed and achieved success without Oden. room, they have spent their' time watching different "Star Wars" movies on television. "I've never seen them," Werner said. "So he's trying to catch me up on 'Star Wars.' He said when we get back to Gainesville he's going to let me (borrow his collection) so I can watch them." Ohio State may have to use a Jedi mind trick in order to prevent Humphrey from scoring in the national championship game tonight. Forward Corey Brewer said he wants to see Humphrey sink eight more 3-pointers to really solidify his spot in college basketball history. &As for Men's Humphrey, Basketball the sharpshooter is just tickled about the possibility of leaving school a two-time champion -even if he hasn't had time to really realize it yet. "It's exciting for me, my senior year getting to play for a national championship," Humphrey said. "It'd be cool to go out like that, but I haven't thought about it too much. You're so caught up in the process of getting there." Tim Casey/ Alligator Staf Ohio State center Greg Oden shoots over Georgetown center Roy Hibbert in the national semifinals on Saturday at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta. Buckeyes players have held their own in the tournament -at least so far. But UF's big-man trio -Horford, Joakim. Noah and Chris Richard -may be too much for Ohio State to handle without Oden. It was in December when the Buckeyes suffered a 26-point blowout to these same Gators. "If he's not in the game," Hunter said, "it would be a big blow." In this last game of the NCAA Tournament, Oden plans to make it his first without foul trouble. But he said some of it is out of his hands, and in the officials' whistles. Oden did admit he could help his. chances if he plays more carefully. For the Buckeyes, their championship hopes may hinge on it. "I know they're going to come at me," Oden said. "Everybody knows they're going to come at me. I just have to play smart." GONZO, from page 24 No. 1 overall," Ohio State center Greg Oden said. "I mean, we were ranked No. 1. Why do they even do the rankings then?" The Buckeyes feel cheated, but make no mistake about it -the Gators are the better team. UF has won 17 straight postseason games, and it trounced the Buckeyes by 26 points in December. But the best team isn't always the one that cuts the nets in this one-and-done NCAA Tournament. Any champion can slip in one game, and any underdog can excel -see 1985 Villanova-Georgetown, the best example to date. "The better team doesn't always win," UF forward Joakim Noah said. "So we know we have to focus." That's all it boils down to -focus, concentration and passion. The Gators have done it for five games, but not with any consistency. Neither have the Buckeyes, but they, too, have survived and advanced. Stillboth teams match up fairly equal -the only difference being the experience of the Gators. So why are the Gators so heavily favored? It's ludicrous. Three important things to keep in mind before burying the Buckeyes: 1. The first game was at the O'Connell Center -tonight's affair is on neutral court. 2. Greg Oden had just returned from surgery to repair a torn ligament in his wrist. 3. Ohio State's freshmen werestill adjusting to the college game. Those will be crucial in the rematch between the schools. But the most important thing in this d6ja vu title remix will be who has the best attitude. Will UF try and lollygag its way to a national title repeat? Will Ohio State come out with something to prove? The way these two teams have acted this weekend makes you think this would come to fruition. It did in football. AllI heard that week inArizona was how slighted the Gators felt. I'm hearing the same adage here, only from opposing sides. Thank God there is only one day -not two months -between games in this one, or that "disrespected" and "underdog" clich might be the death of me. I've always thought attitude is everything in sports. And the Gators just don't seem to, have that killer instinct after their beat-down on UCLA. The Buckeyes, on the other hand, are itching for a chance at revenge. Don't get me wrong, I'n. still picking the Gators. They're the best team since the 1991-1992 Duke team -the last to go back-to-back. Everything points to another Gators championship. Just don't be surprised if another disrespected underdog wins. Freshman plans to 'play smart,' avoid early foul trouble ODEN, from page 24 

PAGE 28

28, .LIGATOR U MONDAY, APRIL 2,2007 UF BASKETBALL OSU's Ron Lewis: Gators_'good,' Buckeyes 'great' By ANTONIO GONZALEZ laughs from the hundred or so re"At least he said we were CRITICAL NOAH: Joakim Noah isn't I love this country and what it has h_1 d -k-;-h ad ew re s i f-o -kis olitical view du4"A dA I' 4t -1 l t Alligator Staff Writer agonzalez@alligator.org ATLANTA -Ron Lewis took it upon himself to provide added motivation for the Gators. When asked to describe U, the Ohio State guard took a shot at the Gators, even though his teammates wous.1 only dish out respect for their team's opponent. "Great team," guard Jamar Butler said. "Excellent team," forward Ivan Harris said. Lewis, however, characterized UF as a "good team," drawing rviters onan. When given a chance to clarify, Lewis attracted more snickers. "(We are a great team) because we got to this point," he said. "They're just a good team to me. That's all I can say about it." About an hour later, UF's starting five took the same podium When told about the comments, UF players didn't take the smack talk lightly "Oh my God," forward Joakim Noah said. "He said that? No. What a bad person." The remarks inflamed the Gators, who felt being a win away from good. He could have said we were bad." Corey Brewer UF forward back-to-back NCAA Tournament titles should say enough about their accomplishments. UF forward Corey Brewer, while upset, saw the best in Lewis' words. "At least he said we were good," Brewer said. "He could have said we were bad." ing Final Four weekend. Noah chose again to use his notoriety and the media attention to exercise his First Amendment right. He was critical of President Bush's foreign policy Sunday, and Noah said he would use his fame to get his views across. Like he did in a visit to the White House last April with the championship team, Noah questioned the president's mindset. "It was weird because I didn't really agree with his views and what he stands for," Noah said Sunday about the visit. "At the same time, person change that. I wish people would do more traveling and be more critical of their own cultures." UP coach Billy Donovan said two weekends ago that he often discusses with Noah their opposing views. Each is passionate about his beliefs, and they are willing to have civilized debates, he said. "The one thing I always respect about him and his opinions is he doesn't necessarily think his opinions are right," Donovan said in New Orleans. "It's just something he feels." Title games create multisport rivalry for schools HOOPS, from page 1 said. "We want payback." The two schools are nearly 880 miles apart, but the program's recent history is starting to become grounds for a new rivalry. "Our rivalry is Michigan," Harris said. "But I guess Florida beating us like that might create competition between the schools." When last ranked in the final two weeks of the regular season, Ohio State was the No. 1 team in the nation. Unlike the football game, the Gatois are the favorites to win Monday night. "We are the No. 1 team in the country, but they're the defending national champions," Butler said. "We have to be underdogs. It's right for us to be the underdogs." UF could be the first team to repeat since the 1991-92 Duke teams, and the Gators have been reminded constantly about their opportunity to make history. "I wish I had a nickel for every time somebody asked me that," forward Corey Brewer said. "I'd have a lot of money." Horford quipped that throughout the season, they've been asked 86,344 times about the possibility. But the players refuse to let their minds dwell on anything but the game. "I feel like right now we realized that it's not about history," Noah said. "We have to do Men's -what we do and that's just play Basketball basketball for 40 minutes. "And then hopefully we're back here and we can talk about that." The Buckeyes are the final hurdle to the Gators achieving their goal, and Ohio State plans to do everything in its power to stop a repeat. "We don't want a team to go back-to-back, and especially not on us," Buckeyes guard Ron Lewis said. "So we're going to try to the best of our ability to stop that." UF junior forward Corey Brewer celebrates during the second half of the national semifinal game between the Gators and UCLA on Saturday at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta. The Gators won 76-66 to advance to the championship game against Ohio State tonight. Taurean Gree n,Jr., 6-0, 177 pounds, 13.2 ppg, 3.6 apg Green has been here before, and he hasyet to fail the Gators as a floor general in the tournament. He will undoubtedly put up another consistent performance tonight. butte may need something a little extra to outdo the Buckeyes' standout freshman. Lee Humphrey, Sr., 6-2, 192 pounds, 10.2 ppg, 1.3 apg Not only did his four threepointers open up the UCLA game Saturday night, but Humphrey's performance earned him the spot as the new record holder for career NCAA Tournament 3-pointers. If Humphrey can get hot again, there's no telling what kind of damage will ensue. -w---Mike Conley Jr., Fr., 6-1, 180 pounds, 11.1 ppg, 6.1 apg :Conley may be inexperienced' :when it comes to the Big Dance, but it hasn't seemed to slow him down. The freshman has scored in double digits in 10 of his last 11 games. If Conley can work the ball around. tte Buckeyes could get past UF's bigs. Ohio State is 19-2 when Conies dishes out at Corey Brewer, Jr., 6-9, 185 pounds, 13.3 ppg, 4.6 rpg Brewer was due for a standout game and, against UCLA, he shined by tallying 19 points. Brewer's length and range created problems for teams all year, and tonight's matchup will be no different. Ron Lewis, Sr., 6-4,200 pounds, :12.7 ppg, 3.6 rpg If there's one thing Lewis knows how to do it's score. The senior has scored at least 22 points in three of Ohio State's last four games. Lewis also drained a long-range 3-pointer with 2 seconds left to send Ohio State's secondround game against Xavier into overtime proving he can produce in clutch moments. least six assists 0 punds,53ppg 94rpg hen these giants last met ..-.--. Hrord earned adouble--.--.-deuble in tis debut game after Joakim Noah, Jr., 6 11, 232 -Ivan Harris, Sr, 6-7, 220 being sidelined with an antls injury Thejuniorjust grabbed as NCA pounds, 12.1 ppg, 8.6 rpg pounds, 7.7 ppg, 3 2 rpg Jamar Butler, Jr., 6-2, 205 Tournament-record 17 rebounds against Noah has waited all year for this With a 4-inch height -pounds, 8.6 ppg, 3.7 apg UCLA, and his experience will provide a moment, and he's not about disadvantage, Harrs is going Butlerashadwosolihuge dnantage .Ito let a national championship to have hard time with this Butler has had two solid g Oden Fr 70 280 slip through his fingers. As if he mismatch. He may shoot 40 performances scoring in. double pends, 1.4 ppg, 9.5 rpg needed any more motivation, Noah took percent from the 3-point line, but Noah digits against Memphis and des maybe healthier'since personal offense to Ron Lewis' smack talk has proven he can guard along the arc. Georgetown. However, he has been cold !ast playing against the Gators Sunday. Be prepared to see an unleashed from behind the arc lately, hitting 5 of his may not be tht er Noah tonight. odes can make as impact last 18 attempts. Unlike Humphrey, Butler -on the game when he plays, may not have what it takes to be Ohio but lately, he cant keep his hands to_ State's game changer himself In the lastfour games;Oden has The Gators have made the Buckeyes dizzy this past year with their dominance Firsta cmedfurfou intre 26-point thrashing in basketball, then a crushing upset in the BCS national champ .I s m as fouled nt enc 'The Gators are overloaded with school pride and the Buckeyes are searching for some. It seemsa --ftugh someone's playing games. The joke thus far is on OSU. Kim Wilmath and Jenna Marina / Alligator Staff V 
