
PAGE 1

m t Prof. Joe Littl -.'all the people' Little responded to those charges by stating that discrimination, housing codes and drugs are not issues in the campaign. Instead, Little identified leadership for Gainesville as the major issue. LoPucki has called himself a "student-oriented" candidate. However, the returns in the March 21 election indicated he had a broad base of support throughout the city. Little's backing has come primarily from a group of home owners in northwest Gainesville who are interested in the land-use planning programs being proposed before the commission. THE ISSUES (or non-issues depending on the candidate shape up like this: BACKGROUND e Little37-years-old, President of Alachua Audobon Society, member of National Safety Council on Alcohol and Drugs, major organizer of opposition to cross campus highway, "candidate of all the people." LoPucki27-years-old, member of UF Adninistrative Council, proposed request to change city election date to time when students would be in town, "student's candidate not afraid to speak out on moral issues." UTILITIES Little-Opposes the utilities board as proposed, but favors an advisory board to the city commission; platform calls Prof. Lynn LoPuci ...'student-oriented' for "area -wide services which would be fair to users." LoPucki-"People in Gainesville are angry about their utilities rates." Calls rates a regressive tax, "bills are highest for the largest families who are least able to pay and lowest for the largest commercial users." RACIAL DISCRIMINATION Little-"Willing to work against housing discrimination through ordinances" since it is unconstitutionaldisclaimed as a major campaign issue. L o P u c k i -C a IIs f o r antidiscriiunation ordinance. withdrawal of city funds to Chamber of Commerce until expenditures at the Gainesville Golf and Country Club cease; "a mso ral issue". LOW-INCOME HOUSING L i t t I e -' 'The c i t y commission should encourage private enterprise to provide low-income housing and should create new measures out of existing resources." Calls for aid from citizens and interested groups. Favors low-income housing in northwest Gainesville, but pessimistic about success of such a project. L o P u c k i -De ma nd s enforcement of ordinances allowing the city to make repairs in substandard housing and bill landlords. Calls for zoning changes to integrate "the great lily-white block in the northwest" and for prosecution (See 'Runoff" Page 16) SG presidential contenders cite positions (See related story, page 18.) (EDITORS NOTE: This is the fIrst part of a four-part series inning today through Thursday in which The Allator will piesnt the five SG preidestlal candidate's views on relevant issues. Each candidate has been interviewed privately concerning his views on 24 topics which are presented in bold-face.) Cassidy By TERRI PINCUS Alligetor Sreff Wetter Dan Cassidy, an independent presidential candidate who is -without the backing of a party, believes the real Issue of the race Is how the campaigns are run. He is opposed to the large expenditures the parties often build up and Rspsdia10'sst fralety-midck control of Student Govenent politics. OPEN HOUSING "As a student living in a dormitosy I am aware of student opinion on this Is .Ono n we have& stusiu o amre SG amd ks offleers faied to provide the needed leadership to fight for the students and their rights. I whole-heartedly support open housing on a 24 hour basis, not from an emotional standpoint, Corenswet By MARIANNE MACINA Aigatar Stdff WrIter Ellen Corenswet is running on the Everyday People's Party platform for student body president. She believes the offices of president, vice-president and treasurer are equally important and should work together in the best interests of the students. OPEN HOUSING: All that SG could continue to do is to place pressures on legisators by arguing for it. If President O'Connell can't get open house -and he is for it -then about all SG can do is to continue to argue for it. I t s S G s position as a spokesman to try everything possible to get open housing reinstated:' TENANTS UNION: "The trouble is that Son of Flash By JOSE WRAYA A0lgetor Staff Writer That underdog from Uranus, the Son of Flash, stated his 'tioe on vital and relevant f o r T h e Alligator last Friday. OP E N HOUSING: "I plan to turn the University of Florida into a vast prune c 0 m m u-n e luere iB be no dffadtyinlettng t h e o p p o s i t e sexes intermingle. they will be too buy Ponrgjpxusito. I see no moral question." TENANT'S UNION: Though Son of Flash would like everyone to live on campus, he promises to handle any difficulties students may have with landlords through appropriate measures" p&suading them "to see the .light." Intractable landlords (See .'Son of Flash' Page 3) Taylor By DEBBI SMlTH ANigetor Staff Writer With a determined effort to make Student Government (SG) relevant to all UF students, Sam Taylor, United Action Party's presidential candidate, kicked off his campaign last week with a pledge to create a student government that is open to all student input and opinions. Taylor stressed that his campaign is a united effort on the part of a broad cross-section of students to move SG in a new direction. OPEN HOUSING: Taylor believes that freshmen should have the right of visitation and as SG vice-president worked to have the practice of open house re-instated by 'the Board of TENANT'S UNION: "It's a' (See 'Taylor' Page 4) Vollrath By MARVIN HARPER Alligator Staff Writer Presidential candidate Fred Vollrath is urging a return to "fundamental rsonal freedoms in the lives of UF students." The main proposal of his platform is to a b olI i s h m a n d a t o r y student activity f e e s which students pay each quarter. Vedisath is headng the Fundamental Freedom Party's ticket. OPEN HOUSING: "I don't think the state has the right to intervene. One of the approaches I wodd use is the conoept of selling the dorms to private corporations and then having -them leasing to the students, where you wouldn't have the power of the state and the influence of 'public opinion' the legislature and the Board of (See 'Vollrath'"Page 3) The Florida Alligator Vol. 64, No. 108 University of Florida, Gainesville Monday, April 3, 1972 Runoff to fill City Commission vacancy Little, LoPucki primed for Tuesday By DEE DEE ESPOSITO ROBERT ROTHMAN AfIpItr StaffWriter Weeks of hard campainn will come to a halt Tuesday with the runoff election for the one open seat on the Gainesville City Commission. Tuesday's election will decide whether Lynn LoPucki, UF professor of business law, or Joseph Little, UF professor of law, will take the seat to be vacated by Mayor-Commissioner "Ted" Williarns. THE TWO candidates received the most votes in the March 21 election, in which the field was cut down from nine candidates. little received 2,848 votes to LoPucki's 2,274. LoPucki won the runoff position by five votes over Richard Buckner, political science professor at Santa Fe Junior College. The two extra weeks of runoff campaigning have been highlighted by charges from LoPucki that Little has been avoiding the print moral issues of the campaign. (See Assidy'age 4) (See 'Corenswet'Page 5) 

PAGE 2

Daytona Beach: A cold collegqOrw-, made Easter pilgrimage By JAN GODOWN ANlestor Festwues Edhr And CHRIS LANE Alligeator Manmging Editor DAYTONA BEACH -UF students were as rare as sunshine in Daytona Beach during the Easter weekend. C o I d we t w i n d s intermittently whipped this Atlantic Ocean resort community, disappointing many college students, some of them making the annual pilgrimage for the first time. Only three cars bearing UF decals were seen along the 21 -mile stretch of hard-packed, sand beach. APPROXIMATELY 200,000 students descended onto the area in droves, arriving by car,, bus, airplane and thumb. License plates from almost every state in the Union -except Alaska and Hawaii -were observed. Disillusioned sun worshippers slept sardine-like in ocean-front motels, in campers, unlocked cars and bus terminals. A few brave nappers bundled up in sleeping bags on the beach, despite city ordinances prohibiting beach camping. One inventive student made his "bed" in service station restrooms. "If the owner comes the next morning," he explained, "you jump up and flush the toilet like you were just in there." A MOBILE police precinct. set up near the beach to handle the college crowd, reported about 30 arrests per hour, most of them for possession of alcohol by a minor, disorderly conduct and vagrancy. Dozens of students used to an 18-year-old drinking age in their home states paid $32 fines when caught drinking beer, wine or liquor underage. Violators spent short periods of time in caged paddy wagons before being carted off to police headquarters across the Halifax River. On the beach, couples sat huddled under layers of blankets while ice cream vendors motored fruitlessly up and down the famous sand strip. A FEW adventurous students braved the chilly ocean, but most preferred to warm Two students from Lakeland bete the cold wind blankets, makeshift windbreaker keep them warm SECWARY OUT TODAY? CALL PROFESSIONAL TYPING SERVICE 376-7160 (in bestineas sines 1364) Let us help you catch up on those letters, manuscripts, business reports, transcription, on all those typing jobs. We also have DICTATION BY TELEPHONE COPYING MACHINE 0 NOTARY SERVICE (Wrk dome cmiy in our efnd The young and the old on the Daytona Beach boardwalk .residents were generally pleased with the crowd's behavior themselves in heated cars and vans. "s hope the damn sun comes out tomorrow," moaned one heavily-clothed student while looking at the overcast sky. "I could have gotten a tan back in New Jersey," another complained. If the sun-seeking students weren't happy, at least some residents were pleased with the generally unwanted visitors. "It's the quietest bunch we've had in years," observed silver-haired John Kleinhammer. He and his wife Florence brace themselves for the crush each Easter. "But we haven't heard of any trouble like in past years," they admitted. KLEINHAMMER, who watched the students from his job at the oceanfront Daytona Plaza hotel, said the hotel's management had no complaints of disorderly conduct. Many students envisioned the poor weather as a cruel April Fool's joke as the temperature dipped to 54 degrees early Saturday morning. The Western Union office was flooded with college students wiring their parents for money to make the long trek home or back to school. "I don't know if I'm coming back next year," one disappointed Wisconsin student Daytona Beach lifeguard sits idle in tower said "This sabumner." ..few students braved the chilly Atlantic Ocean Air Force ROTC, 2 year propam Deadline Approachi THE PLORIDA ALLIGATOR is th miaOfi s uient nwipw Of them Univaralsy of FloRide is p bNds five times weNMy erept durlgioeaJulyOd August usnas r d pnesitoestly, and dwnsAusmt b Imeys and are prIo esewvd Is tihe Fiprida Misses, mouse of time edleorsere Useswrie o unta#se AdUniversity of Res ie1 Galse" *hea ,lo lhe Av imnW s, wd&Unvd.nky ofeer aGlWemsi. 1**2% 1% =secostskywetee s Uiesm R 

PAGE 3

The PowldmAllpWa, MsuNM. Apsl.IM.1g2,Pbps3 VolrotI. activity fee should be abolished. FROMPAGEONE I consider that to be the rain campaign issue. Regents had to cater to. It would save the state money and it would relieve the political pressure. TENANTS UNION: "I think the idea is a viable one if you can get the proper motivation. I offered to help them start one but it never got off the ground. There is a need for It but there is not a demand for It. That has already been tried and failed once, under the current leadership." MINORITY RECRUITMENT: "As far as the establishmnt of a quota system that must be filled Is concerned, I am entirely against it. People going out, explaining to rrnority groups, for UF, that the university is open to everyone, that anyone is welcone here, and to alleviate any lingering concepts of fear in the 50's and early 60's, I think that would be acceptable to do it on their own time and in their own way." ACTIVITY FEE ALLOCATION: "I think the If you don't think you are getting your money's worth from the activities fee, vote for ne and I will do what I can to abolish it. That has to be done by the legislature, but the legislature doesn't have a vested interest in the mandatory student fee. They don't care. It would save every student $34.50 if that thing were abolished. They (other candidates) can talk all they want about lower prices, day-care centers and their concern for the poor student but rm telling you, nothing will help them as much as reducing the tuition $34.50." TRANSPORTATION: "I'm not a transportation expert and as far as I know, neither are any of the other candidates, If You mean would I support alleviation of parking problems, I don't know anybody that's for traffic jams. If you mean do do I think there should be more parking space, 'sure,' I'm for apple pie too." BOOKSTORE: "Do people Son of Flash (FROM PAGEONE could be made to change their minds "through certain initiation rites, which he promised to reveal later. He emphasized, however, that he expects everyone to concentrate on prunes and not waste too much tine over minor issues such as landlord squabbles. MINORITY RECRUITMENT: Son of Flash says his religion believes in accepting everyone. "We have been especially successful in recruiting Eskimos," responded the Son. He has, however, found that a particular specimen n of earthling, "I think you call them 'rednecks' down here," resists proselytizing. The Caped Wonder claims his religion has so many positive factors that people will naturally flock to join it. ACTIVITY FEE ALLOCATION: Flash Jr. will cut out tuition all together since the school will operate on a commune principle. Money will be raised by the sale of religious artifacts and prunes, which will be produced by the school. TRANSPORTATION AND PARKING PROBLEMS: Son would ban cars from campus. "Exhaust fumes interfere with the ingestion of prunes." He foresees unicycles as an i m p o r t a n t m e a n s of transportation on campus, not only for getting from one place to another, but because they develop equilibrium. As the Uranian candidate says, "A balanced body rneans a balanced nind." Flash II also plans to turn the campus into a giant sea-turtle preserve. Students could then hop on the large animals and use them to travel around the campus. want lower prices? Sure they too. What can be done about it? school. That's a stock issue, that want lower prices. Am I for I think students should set up a everyone says they're going to lower prices for books? Yes. co-op. I think that can work to a lower prices and I haven't seen Why? Because I pay for them degree. It works at the law them lowered yet." -~ -ELCRNC ppp'"f STEREO SYSTEMS 8-TMCK STEREO SYSTEMS with FM Stereo, FM/AM Radio .4-CHANNEL STEREO ADAPTABILITY AMPE 8200 W 8-Track Cartridge Stereo Player/Recorder, FM Stereo, FM/AM Receiver A full 45 watts of peak music power, precision components and finest features for superb stereo and FM/AM reception. R e Plays/records all four programs of any 8-track cartridge R e automatically in sequence. Continuous play .manual program selector .single program record .Indicator lights .automatic cartridge eject. Four channel adaptable NOV with plug-in matrix system and external amplifier. Sensitive, plus-performance FM Stereo, FM/AM Receiver has "disappearing" dial scale, AFC, FM stereo light, dual built-in antennas. You can record "live" with dynamic microphone included, direct from receiver or magnetic phono. Sliding bass, treble, level and balance controls. Two full-fidelity 9" oval dual-cone speakers. Stereo headphone Jack. Handsome Walnut grained cabinets. lp 349 95 V 26995 AMPEX 8400-4-Channel 8-Track Stereo Player, FM Stereo, FM/ AM Receiver Plays any $-track cartridge tape-designed with special play head and circuitry for four-channel stereo playback with R95 additional plug-In stereo amplifier and speakeral Control center/amplifier has 25 watts peak music power .bass, treble, loudness and balance controls, ..ceramic phono inputN9 5 and stereo headphone Jack. Automatically plays all programs on an 8-track cartridge in sequence. Automatic four/two channel selector and track advance, indicator lights, other deluxe features, Sensitive FM Stereo, FM/AM Receiver includes unique "disappearing" dial scale .AFC .FM stereo light and dual built-in antennas. Big-tone 6% full-range speakers. Rich Walnut grained cabinets. Pr misnal Service Guarani. Couch's guarantees that you our customer will receive prompt, coureous, professional electron. ics service by our team of Nationally Recognized CERTIFIED ELECTRONICS TECHNICIANS. 608 N. MAIN Ph. 378-1562 All You Can Eat 2601 N.W. 13th St. Across from the Mail Mon. 4 PM -Cosing nOC M. -hurs. Chicken $1. 59 MonM-ur. Tun. 47PMA-M o-ng Spaghetti $1.19 830PM Shrimp $1.59 :-uA.M. -3 P.M. Ph. 378-1562 608 N. MAIN 

PAGE 4

R!4p--" I -w -" C Cassidy but for very rational reasons," Cassidy said. "Most freshnmn are 18. Many 18-year-olds do not choose to aten a univesity, but Itwv home to take a job," Cassidy said. Society does not regulate their lives or housing patterns. Therefore, why should the state Ta lor FROM PAGE ONE gooddid idea, but I'd rather see the off-caMus housing office used for that same purpose, to protect the rights of student tenants," Taylor said. "They have a full time experienced staff and it's more realistic to expect them to be successful than the Tenant's Union might be." Taylor would like to see the SG Better Business Bureau work in conjunction with the off-campus housing office in the investigation of tenant complaints about unfair landlord practices, including discrimination. MINORITY RECRUITMENT: Taylor believes that the university nist develop a better system of minority recruitment and proposes that SG help fund an administrative office with the sole purpose of conducting the recruitment. "Information about the school and the individual colleges pertinent to blacks and other minorities should be compiled in flyers and brochures," according to Taylor. ACTIVITY FEE ALLOCATION: "SGshould have the power to distribute the entire student activity fee." Taylor said. "I would allocate the funds in much the same manner but require improved services for our mo ney." Specifically, "the bookstore should lower their prices to the hare minninum to cover the Overhead costs and breakup the oligopoly on book prices which is so unfair to the student." TRANSPORTATION: "United Action Party Anmbers have been'working on a unique idea to replace the shuttle buses with trans similar to the system use4 at Disney World for months now," Taylor said. "We've consulted the manufacturer and found that to buy three tram tractors and 15 cars will cost less than buses cost to run for a single year." "The trams are very practical and could easily be used in this area. They're far more attractive, will cost less, are relatively pollution free and could be of great help in solving the transportation problem here on campus." Taylor also advocates closing off the inner campus area to all traffic except transm and bicycles during the day. -PARKING: "There is a definite need for more penditer parking. Student engineers and the planning division could work together to help nake the decision of where the lots should be and whether they should be nulti-level or not," Taylor said. BOOKSTORE: An investigation of the book store has already been conducted by the Book Store Comtnittee, according to Taylor who says, "now we need a plan to force them to change their business practices." "I would encourage students to boycott the Campus Shop and Bookstore if they fail to eliminate the margin of profit, which was roughly $70,000 this year," Taylor said. i5 Rdes jde Shows s Much More: opens 4 pm weekdays. OpenI pm *Sat. & Sun. Ends April 8,* of Florida regulate the personal lives of those 18.yeartolds that do choose to attend a college? The state of Florida should not attempt to legislate morality to the students of Florida." TENANTS UNION AND MINORITY RECRUITMENT: Cassidy had no conmunt on these issues at the time. STUDENT ACTIVITY FEE: "Although I have a number of reservations about the way student funds are being handled, I feel that the abolishment of the student activity fee would be a gross abdication of student responsibility. Obviously, there are some services provided through this fee, such as funding the infirnary, although I question I' "AN OFFER YOU CAN'T REFUSE" 376=2487. whether the infirmary should receive $14 of the $34.50 fee. Other services derived directly or indirectly through the funding from the activity fee include the operation of the Rathakellar, the Reitz Union, band and rock concerts, Accent, EAG, and many more. "I would agree that if funds are not better allocated we might consider the possibility of cutting the fee by five or 10 dollars to lower the tuition, but certainly we must realize that certain services are vital to students." TRANSPORTATION: "I believe that all cars should be banned from campus during the hours of 8 am. to 3 p.m., and this means professors, administrators, and all maintenance people except those who are using vehicletfor nuintenane macasu. T nple fact is that automabiles are a hazard to pedestrians and bicyclists, as well isa nuisance," Cassidy said. "Rcently I drove a new car to campus and received a ticket for not having a campus sticker. I was shocked to learn that the fine for this, nry first offense, would be five dollars. If elected, I will fight to lower the traffic fines for minor, first offenses to two dollars." BOOKSTORE: "It is my experience that the campus bookstore keeps prices high, so that is doesn't compete with other stores. My only complaint with the book exchange is that it doesn't involve many students. On a campus of this size it should include more of them." FEATURING CHUCK WAGON STEAKS FROM 99c OPEN 11:00 AM to 9:00 PM -7 Days Weeldy Westgate Shopping Center -PHONE 378-3320 3321 W. University Ave. -Gainesville, Florida Representation for ALL. Gainesville. I pledge to represent fairly and impartially all the people of Gainesville. I will serve with honesty and good faith while working to make this community better for all citizens." Joseph Little Joe Little will work for Legal safeguards for the quality of urban life. Integrity and honesty in city government. Greater citizen participation and representation. e Thorough study of community problems. e Less waste of tax dollar. e Environmental protection and action. Joe Litle Candidat-e fr CtO lmjsson election tomorrow PeOW for by the FecultVtyusenta Comnitm for Joe Little .7, %p4o NoRod& M~otwMsxft. Ap41S. "72 

PAGE 5

The FRorids AN~get, Mondwy, April 3, 1972, Pups 5 Car wet SRN PAGEONE when safts xe tr gi ng to be here for four years at the most and don't have the money or aren't willingto put it into a tenant's union it's not going to succeed. "Rather than the Tenant's Union idea I would work on camus to get standard pe of lease, housing code and rental agreement, so the housing facilities that sudent do rent are up to adequate standards. "Off campus is working now on a uniform rental code that would cover anything from an apartment to one room which would set up standards for the conditions, for the type of lease, the damage deposits, the rental deposits, etc. Students would be forced to go through off campus housing officials to get a standard lease. "Another program which comes along with this idea is an arbitration board set up with a faculty member and a student, probably the SG secretary of legal affairs, and a real estate owner from town. If you set up an arbitration board legally you have to go to that board before you can take anything to court. Anyone having a lease under this standard rental agreement would have to go to this arbitration board when there is a dispute between an owner and a tenant. It would allow a board which could resolve both problems. "Another idea is to set up a standard collateral agreement. This would make it the responsibility of the university to ensure that the student makes a fair agreement." MINORITY RECRUITMENT: "This year there was a minority recruitment budget of $1700 but so far it's barely been utilized and the university is just beginning to play a role in minority recruitment. We need the manpower to coordinate minority recruitment through SG. "It's our responsibility to send students to high schools and junior colleges to actively recruit. It's been a program in which a lot more could've been Rda 8~ GAINESVILLE MALL % OFE gpecIa group Flare Pants M axa skirts Print Shirts 5.90 to 10.90 18r i.00 Master Bank Charge Ameriec'r done this year but wasn't." A.TVT F E E ALLOCATION: "Obviously since I'm treasurer of the student body I'm in defense of the student activity fee. It has a vital purpose in order to offer services to the students. "What most people don't realize is where their money goes. "Fourteen dollars and fifty cents goes to the infirmary. If you use the Infirmary even twice in a quarter you've more than made up for your S14.50. "Nine dobs goes to the Union. $3.75 goes for athletics. Student Publications gets $1.64 and everyone gets The Alligator' free. "five dollars and sixty cents, 'dich goes to SG, funds the entire intramurals program, SGP (ticket prices are about a third of what they would be if we didn't subsidize their show), Accent, and special areas Florida Players, The Gator Band, EAG, and Samson. "If someone thinks that the activity fee could be made optional it's completely unrealistic. If SG is going to be functional it's going to need a certain amount of money or it can't sponsor programs and services for the students." CITRUS CLUB FRUIT -SALE-' INDIAN RIVER GRAPEFRUIT 1 oBox JIM KERSEY BIUCE FRED VICE-PRESIDENT TRAFFIC COURT ELLEN COENSWET PRESIDENT TRANSPORTATION: "I thin* that the university. is realize the importance of dolag something about transportation and is in the process of working on that right now. "The alternative to the Loop Road I'm sure, involves basically taking all *raffic off campus. I think that should be done. It's a necessity. Several other peripheral commuter lots will have to be set up -places where students could drive their cars to campus, park them and then use some campus transportation system. "What that transportation system might be, I don't know yet. We are going to have to look at that -problem-realstiey. Either bases wil have to be increased in number or another type of system will have to be set up." BOOKSTORE: This has been the first year that students have actually started to investigate the book store and they have found a lot of discrepancies in the records of the funds and in the accounting of the bookstore. "If we could make the book exchange work in the colleges then eventually the bookstore would have to respond to its loss in clientele and lower their prices." Sizzlin Steak House Sirloin steak at student prices GEOFF KIRSCH TREASURER JIM FRANCIS HONOR COURT CHANCELLOR I Don't Be Fooled By Compulgn PromisesVote 0. The RTeord ~~PAID POLITICAL ADVERTISEMENT F7777 -..-----. .v MMP I A 

PAGE 6

L 4(T~ Flay Iw: Flodda Players will hold an lqportant meting today at 4:30 in the Canstans Theatre. The Lunch Box Theatre and Summer Rep. will be discussed. Al people interested in pledging the players must attend! Smke gets in yaw d?:Delta Signa P1 will hold an open rush smoker Tuesday night at 7:30 in roos 122-3 Reitz Union. All business nujors are Invited to attend! Faithful: Informal diacussonsof the Baha'i Faith are held every Monday night at 8 at 1224 SW I1it Ave. Student busiess: Student Better Business Bureau is recruiting volunteers for the Complaint Review Board. Apply at the SG office, 3rd floor Union. Old books: Undergraduate history book exchange will be held in room 108 Peabody through Wednesday. Come buy! No war movies: SMC is sponsoringfree fil tonight at 7 in room 349 Union. Farsk of them d?: CarniGrar will be held in the ROTC field through Saturday. All proceeds from the carnival go to the Gator Loan Fund. He dft't go: David Harris will speak toniht at 8 in the University Auditorium. Sponsored by Accent '72. Tryouts: Florida Players are holding double tryouts for "Star Spangled Girl" and "Under Milkwood" tonight and Tuesday from 7-10 in the Constans Theatre. Scripts are available in room 363 ASB. Tryouts are open to everyone. On the rodcs: Prof. Paul MecKenduick willR speak on 'he Ian Stons Speak: History of Archeology in Spain and Portugal" tonight at 8 In room 105 B AA. FreA s O : Doug Clark and the Hot Nuts will be at the Rat Fdday ad Saturday nights at 8 and 10 p.m. Adnisalon is SI students and $1.50 genal publi. SoaM: Applications for Savant, wone's leadership hoonrary, are available through Apri 18 at the activities desk, 3rd floor Union.FIND IT IN GATOR CLASSIFJEDS I 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 D it: Spelunkers, nature lovers, geologists, nuts and ordinary folk ...the Florida Speleological Society is organizing cave trips for all interested students. Stop by room 347 Union Tuesday night at 7! Faire business: Student Libertarian Movement will meet tonight at 7:30 in room 150A Union to discuss "America's must persecuted trinority: BIG BUSINESS." Abostlam paol: ACLU presents a panel on abortion tonight at 7:30 in room 235 Union (ballroom). Representatives of local and national organization will be featured. Seaside: "Oceans," an audio-visual film by Rod Sumpter, will be shown Tuesday night at 8 and 10in the Catholic Student Center. Admission is 75 cents. Big-Lil NHabh Foods 1512 NW 13th St. 372-170 NaWal VlMlns Minerals Oomie Fo Wimema brad Vagaerimn Foods a en a in& N : OP5Mam2 .Cpsm-1:" sedrs-aPM. Throughout the campaign. Lhnn lakofadiscue Ess*m y the "onIssues 00n0~~ vow latis hel 'U* ac of adapuate 0n 18 services and other The JIveben*ord in the pest, butigring a problem Lynn LoPUekl does have pr*gra to solve these an aldiscrimina. tiwr b"li 09 ce aking it illegal for-bsilne to practice racial d~erlhinlon. The city would ......uM -W er to --proaOutle businesstill disclrntng on cra Wbasis "bA 99 Lynn LoPucki: An Answer For The C city's Prob lem's LoPucki wants an am-ended has said. housing code aimed at landlords The plans -are not empty refusing to repair substandand ~pss. They are hmkWThO woud aks to today's veo r Lynn oPucki. He wants to withhold the city commission's Chamber of Commerce appropriation because part of It is used to entertain at the raci ally, O'S N segegaed Gainesille Country Club and the sexually segregated Gold Key Room LoPucki*also will tee that all' secto p *egz serfi shareofrsncpl lesch Ii T ck e suh'L6PUCk1 WS, street fighting, street 'No citimenShould be denied CT O A M NE equal municipal svicesbecause of an luSbllty to pay, LOPucki PoDPOUTILCALTADVE sAT Carol Brady "tt INSUR fI1ASS' RINGS AGAIT I Lmof rkq b fthft, robbery, burglary, or fire SLoss of stone from Ways To -Zo~le Rts4ig hr Chage -an Amd rr Sw*dent Special on Laygiers CIQS.OutSal. All vkti, _; To L@valI.,*7$% -off Reg. Purke My bow ~ueve 9fanged I Wme 10 GET you AXO HOUSE TUES. APRIL 47 -9PM OPEN HOUSE 820 W. PANHELLENIC When you become a Lawyer's Assistant. you'll do work traditionally done by lawyers -work which is challenging, responsible and intellectually stimulating. Lawyer's Assistants are now so critically needed that The Institute for Paralegal Training can offer you a position in the city of your choice -and a higher starting salary than you'd expect as a recent college graduate. Here is a career as a professional with financial rewards that increase with your developing expertise. If you are a student of high academic standing and are interested in a legal career, come speak with our representative. Contact the Placement Office. A representative of The Institute will visit your campus on: MONDAY, APRIL 17 NOTE: If the above date is inconvenient for you. please call or write The Institute for information. Te Iitut e or ParlogaPl Trainin 13th floor. 401 Walnut St. Phila. Pa. 19106 (215) WA 5-0905 W, 'M WIV. -%W WWW vqw PR" NWW VqW wqw www vw vw ww VW mw ww MW vw VW VWW I"W 

PAGE 7

I The Fohb ANipw. Model, ApSv 2 WIM, fp7 Muor issues to top week or Legislature By BRUCE J. KUEHN Aifletor Stff Wrer Abortion, sodomy, corucuvatIon, three-year college degrees, and the state budget will highlight legislative action this week as the state legislature tries to pass major bills during a one-week extended session. The House and Senate decided to extend the session for at least one week with the end of the regular session last Friday. A further extension may be voted on if the House and Senate continue to disagree on the major bills facing the legislature. THE ABORTION issue may be solved with the House and Senate agreeing on a bill allowing abortions for therapeutic reasons only. Both houses have rejected abortion on demand proposals while the Senate-passed bill allowing therapeutic abortions is still being considered in the House. However, House liberals are hoping to prevent passage of the Senate bill unless it is liberalized and have the state fall back on common law governing abortions. The Florida State Supreme Court gave the legislature until April 14 to pass a new abortion law before the state would have to revert to common law after the court ruled the state's 104-year-old abortion law unconstitutional in February. THE LEGISLATURE must also pass a new sodomy law atter the court threw out the old law last December leaving only the misdemeanor crime against "lewd and lascivious acts"' Last Friday, the Senate voted down a [louse amendment to the Senate bill that would have allowed consenting adults to practice homosexual acts in private. The Senate bill outlaws anyone "carnally knowing any person by the anus or with the mouth." The Senate bill exempts only married persons from its sodomy bill while the House amendment on consenting adults struck down a Senate provision making sodomy between consenting adults a misdemeanor. Both the Senate and House agree on making forcible sodomy and sodomy committed on children a felony. THE HOUSE and Senate also disagree on the issue of three-year college degree programs. The Senate passed Senate President Jerry Thomas' bill calling for three-year degree programs to be instituted by September 1973 with the Department of Education making a study on the problems involved in cutting back degree programs by a year or more, such as accreditation problems and junior college transfer credit. The House passed bill calls for a study only before deciding whether to institute three-year programs. BOTH HOUSES will be considering environmental protection bills this week. The bills provide for: e State water use planning ii order to preserve scarcc water resources. e Land sc planning allowing the state to preserve up to 9iv percent ot iatc land for environmental protection and to sto evelopienit inywherc that would tarn t:nvirontient ott regional basis. e A proposed constitutiottal mnendeinist llowg tie state to issut up io $200 aidion in bonds or buying tands lor cnvonmenta, pi tectioti. THE SENATE and House ais have to work out differences in the $1.65 biliotnoudget for the i972-73 fiscal year. As tar as higher education goes, lhe main difference between the Senate and House proposals is over the pay increases for faculty, administrative and pi otessional per soittel and Career Service employes. fie House oill provides for a 5.25 percent pay increase for Career Service personnel and a five percent increase for faculty, and adnunistrajive and professional personnel plus adjustments for cost of living area differentials. The Senate bill does not provide for cost of living adjustments. Faculty. administrative and professional personnel recently obtained ;2.5 salary increase that had been frozen by the wage-price freeze last yea Outreach is seeking volunteers Help is needed in Operation Outreach's Volunteer project to aid inmates at the county jail. according to Ellen Levitov, m charge of this project for the SG-sponsored organization. People are needed to help build library qt the jail, obtain items the inmates can't get at. the jail, aid the prisoners in job hunting for when they get out and just talk to them. Levitov said. "REALLY CONCERNED people" are invited to come to a meeting for this project at 7:15 Tuesday at 311 NW 14 St. Levitov said. Potato Chipwo Premls mCookies Number I Drive In Service 425 N.W. 13th St. Tues Thru Sat 10 to 6 "Number II West Gate Ice Cream Shop 3305 West Univ. Ave. Mon Thru Sun 8:00 A.M. to 11:00 P.M. Free M I N i Lessons! 1250 W University Ave. ------]7/ READING DYNAMICS I I-IN' ESSON 5' ~mJj I 1* i 

PAGE 8

Editoral For LoPucki What do you expect acity candidate? Doyou expect 9 representative who proposes specific solutions to community problems or a you satisfied with a candidate who simply asks you to trust his good leadership? DO YOU WANT a man who advocates reform in government or a candidate committed to the status quo? Students can answer these questions Tuesday when they go to the polls to decide the outcome of the run-off for Gainesville City Commission's Group I seat. Two UF professors are fighting for that seat -Lynn LoPucki and Joseph Little. We've had university candidates before. Regardless of who wins Tuesday, four of the five City Commissioners will be university professors. UF professors Courtland Collier, Neil Butler and James Richardson already have seats on the commission. BUT TUESDAY'S run-off is more than an eenie, meenie, mni, moe situation. There's more at stake than a simple choice between two equally qualified members of the university community. The decision that must be made is who will best represent you on the Gainesville City Commission. Joseph Little, UF professor of law, has built a reputation as a leader in the fight against the proposed cros-campus highway. He also has stressed that contrary to popular belief, he is not a student candidate. He has attempted to make it clear that he wants to get involved in all aspects of the community. What he has refused to do is take a stand on the issues of the campaign. DR. LYNN LOPUCKI, a UF business law professor, has not only talked about problems in Gainesville whidchhve been ignored for too long, but has continued to seek solutions. A former cooperating attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union, LoPucki has consistently spoken out on issues which many people would rather pass over as uninportant -like maintaining memberships in segregated country clubs. It was LoPucki who fought to have the city commission election date changed from April 21 -a date when many students registered to vote in the city election would be on vacation. IT WAS LOPUCKI who fought along with Little against the cross campus highway and has now proposed measures which would prevent it from ever being built LoPucki has taken a stand on the problems of local poverty, inadequate housing and governmental inaction in the area of enforcing city housing codes. He is running on a platform that places local government in a position of having to be responsive to the communities needs. LoPucki would like to see a city ordinance against racial discrimination. He sees the current utilities rate as a regressive tax which gives a break to the largest commercial users and falls most heavily on large families who are least able to pay. LOPUCKI BELIEVES the city commission must be actively concerned with the welfare of the university students, who have been ignored in the past. Students now have power at the polls. If they get together and exercise that power, students can effect a real change in local government. Tuesday is the day to exercise that power. The day for writing a "blank check for leadersip" is past. LYNN LOPUCKI has taken a stand on the issues. LoPucki has declared himself a student candidate, but he also represents other segments of the community who have not had a large voice in local wewment -the black and the poor. on thet basis, LoPucki would be the best representative of students'interests on the city commission. The Forida Alligator son uk 005ChrilophWer Editor-lf-Ctief Managing Editor UInda Cole Gary P. News Editor Layout Editor Truhis our greatest wsopon. The week end expert By Roberta SouI. professor who goes to a country, AMUPr Co@mmist say Cuba, with their mental luggage full of misconceptions. They are shown around by the Perhaps tje most biased government in a 1958 Cadillac, element in our news and eat at the former Hilton Hotel educational media are those and come back saying that Cuba falling Into the ideallst4iberal is a paradise. category. Unable to find purity They ignore statistics and in our government or officials, facts of pre-Castro Cuba and they turn their lounging eyes they fail to make projectionsof abroad and import a man or the progress that would have country as a champion even if accomplished had Castro not they only know a few palatable taken over the country. facts about them. HERBERT MATTHEWS IS Unable to cope with the perhaps the most conspicuous reality of hunan humans, example, even in his recent c onfronted with massive biographical book on Castro, he information available on native refuses to believe he was misled personages, they can only by Castro in his famous find virtue in the country they interview, and he totally ignores don't live in, they idolize the all the years that Castro spent in man they have not been in that profession commonlyknown contact with, their pure, heroic as gangsterism. proportions not damped by the Communists may laugh at information available in that these fools, as Castro and his country. henchmen do when talking WHAT IS TRAGIC is that about Matthews. They do they are so blind in their desire however recognize their immernse for purity that when this usefulness because of the power information is nade available to of the media they command, be them or when they visit their it the news media or the beloved country or hero, they scholastic essay. refuse to believe that which is Along with weapons and o ntrary to their Cuban guerrillas, Cte Guevara niaconceptions, even when their took Debray with him to own hero tesl them so. Bolivia. This man was supposed Out of this psychological to come out after "an interview" miasm comes out the week-end and proclaim the massive expert. This is the newsman or support of the very same Bolivian farmers who so felicitously contributed to Guevara's death. Consciously or not, these people are a tool of those who are our enemies. THEIRj MPACTon campuses is only possible because even though t h e political consciousness of students has been increased in the past years, the political knowledge has remained at an abysmally low level. The campus crusader is full of idealism and devoid of the power to discern the truth. His mental level may be compared to the 13 or 14 year old kid who starts to find defects in his parents: lucid enough to find errors, not intelligent enough to understand the overall good. Characteristically, a Henry Ford is not admired anymore, a Ralph Nader is 'not merely considered a healthy influence in our society, he is canonized. Let us rid ourselves of this negativistic infantilism, let us mature enough to look a bit critically at those glossy whitewashing reports from faraway lands. We are not necessarily the guys with the black hat just because we found a dirty spec. If we needoa white hat let us clean ours, not look for it in a place so remote that we can not even discern the most putrid excrermnt. OPIW 1sw ~v @PYWK IMM ISVE .10nJDO rI W 1 WWS Y ftOt1 A. 'tbw~s -mD 4VLI' ML OF EI* 011 %flrA0la1 --7 ,Wwv Ap ol 

PAGE 9

Total amnesty for draft dodgers LIP-SCHWARTZ One hears a lot about amnesty lately. John Lindsay said when he was on camp thatafterfthe troops come home, the draft dodgers in Canada (and elsewhere) should be allowed 1)4k into the country if they pet three years in "public servic: Senators Kennedy and Taft ar drawing up a bill providing the homecoming young men complete restoration of their citizenship and their rights after a two-three year stint in thp Peace Corps or in VISTA. ASK ONE OF these "fairminded" politicians why tlsgse granted amnesty should have to give up more years of their lives in public service. They respond with emotional statements like "What about those that fought and died or became handicapped for life?' Well, what about it? To maintain that position, one must nake the assumption that the draft dodgers had something to do with the conscription laws. In other words, one blames the "unpatriotic" few who avoided the draft by leaving the country for shipping the others off to war. That is totally FALSE. THE BLAME lays on the politicians, the senators, congressmen, and Presidents who nade and enforced the draft laws. The blame also lays on every older American voter who for years did nothing but supportGthese politicians. THESE GROUPS are the ones who sent OTHERS out to die in wars. And yet it is these same groups, particularly the politicians, who cover up their war crimes by blasting the draft dodgers. They oppose amnesty or put conditions on amnesty of these few who found that their only alternative in this "free" country was to flee it. I can understand it when military career men oppose amnesty. This is the kind of revenge of the military mind exemplifying its primitive reasoning. WHAT I HAVE been unable to c o m p r e h e n d is t h e hate-jealousy-revenge attitude of the draftees and enlisted men with two, three, or four years in the service. What do they think can be gained by increasing the misery of the Viet Nam War? What value is there in wasting away nore lives? But as I said, this irrational, vindictive position is most loudly voiced by the high and mighty Washington snobs who are the truly guilty ones, the ones REALLY responsible for bloody murder. THERE ARE those who cite three reasons in condemning amnesty. First, the men who chose to leave the country were aware of the significance of th. decision they rade. Second, if anmesty were granted for this war, how could dF7Y p *metir s w future wars' armies hope to be built if they could expect amnesty after running away? Third, the draft dodgers broke the law. TO THESE arguments I say that NO government and NO majority ever has the right to enslave, draft, conscript, or send others to war or anywhere else for the "benefit" of society or whatever. After the Viet Nam War ends, if it ever does, w need anmsty for the thousands who ran to Canada, Mexico, and elsewhere. We need amnesty for the thousands of conscientious objectors who rot in Army stockades and Federal prisons. We need complete, total, absolute anmesty, with no strings attached!!! M 10A N QuL s cAso aD. owPet LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Backs LoPucki EDITOR: "The Bivens Garden project has Supporters of Joe nothing to do with the cross Little have used this forum on campus highway." two occasions now attempting The difference in analysis is to discredit Lynn M. LoPucki. an honest one. LoPucki's We do not regard the letters position is clear. The voters may section of The Alligator as the make their choice Tuesday. proper place to discuss issues in LOPUCKI ALSO believes that a political campaign. We other issues are important in this supposed that the issues would election. Far from attacking be clarified by dialogue. The little, as the latest anti-LoPucki absence of dialogue and the letter suggests, LoPucki has attacks ondLoPucki have merely asked the man to speak obscured the candidates real t o the issues -racial positions, and we reluctantly discrimination in Gainesville, conclude that some response is poverty and its consequences, necessary. and the legal and social The first letter, printed the inequities which exist in our last day of publication before city. The second letter implies the election, charged LoPucki that LoPucki is a new comer to with dishonesty. Mr. LoPucki these problems. has never claimed that he was Consider that in 1968 LoPucki active in fighting the cross was fighting in court for the campus highway as this letter right of a Gainesville high school stated. student to wear long hair and HE DID ATEND the public remain in school. hearing where he did not speak Consider that during his term because Fried of the medical on the administrative council faculty spoke to the area of LoPucki demanded,face to face, most vital concern -the Bivens that the group of public men Arms development' south of the who head the university and university. Those kho are asking who hold memberships in the where LoPucki wasduring the segregated Gainesville Country fight against the highway should Club should at least sponsor a check their list of volunteers. black for membership. LoPucki's name is on them. Consider that LoPucki has Both candidates are donated his services to a law concerned that a futur nwilL ctive in the city assisting in -l fosome .which involved accused across the camu&s ldug offenders and others who LoPucki sees the Bivens find themselves unpopular in the Garden project and general comumnity but who need legal plans for development south of advice whether or not they can the university as central to the afford it. problem. Little disagrees. He Consider that LoPucki stated in a telephone donated his time to promote the conversation with LoPucki, voice of black citizens when he LETTERS POLICY Letters must: 0 as typed, s Igned, deubie-aced and not exceed a00 werds. 0 Not be signed with a pseuadonyms. 0 Have addresses and telephone "usebers of writers. Nasnes will be withheld only If writer shows just emuaa. The editor reserves Use right to edit all letters for spece. Any writer inteesedin a'bmiting a regsuler OIM" Is asked to contest the editor and be prepared to show samples of his work. Writers may submit longer essays, columns or setters to be considered for use as quest columns. voluntarily acted as liason between the local and state campaigns during Alcee Hastings' bid for election to the United States Senate. Finally, consider that LoPucki understands that the City Commission exerts influence among the legislative delegation. LoPucki is willing to use that influence to prod our legislators into action on such questions as drug laws, low income housing, annexation, representation for the city on the new pollution control board, the charter study commission an( the tax equalization board which sets taxes for the city but which has no city appointment. BOTH CANDIDATES have been active in the areas of their interests. Because LoPucki's activities have included work with drug prosecution, poverty and the discrimination which att#nds it, he sees these things as issties,,He wants to act on them, and he has been telling the voters what he will do when he is elected. little has not. Again, the choice is in the hands of the electors of Gainesville. BARBARA MENDHEIM ELDON TURNER Backs Little EDITOR This letter is written to offer several of the many reasons why Joe Little should have the opportunity to serve G a i n e s v i lle as C i t y Commissioner. Joe has had a long continuing and varied history of education, concern and action. In the five years that Joe has been at UF I have never known him not to be actively involved in pragmatic problem evaluation and solving. Joe's special arena of performance has been in the field of the natural environment. We worked together in an endeavor to protect the campus from the advent of the Cross Campus Highway. Joe was the one man responsible forthe organization of the faculty against the highway. He worked unendingly for the people of this campus and community against what he, and others judged to be an ecological devastation and academic nightmare. The battle raged for one year and Joe never waned. He was tactful in his approach, thorough in his application, intelligent in his effort, and successful procuring the final results. I believe that much of the credit for the defeat of the Cross Campus Highway must go to Joe Little. His success must be attributed to his personal characteristics and the methods in which he uses them. This combination produces a dynamic force which Joe uses to the betterment of our social and national environment. Joe's effectiveness in the past was predicated on these principals and his future action will be established on these same factors. Joe's ability to motivate, inform, and work with people is extraordinary. His ability to see the actual problem and synthesize a means of solution is also outstanding. Combining these with his personal qualities of honesty, integrity, fairness, intelligence and dedication can only result in one of the overall best administrations this city has ever known. I commend Joe Little for his persistent action in the past and through this means hope to assure the citizens of his continued competent action. Whether or not Joe is elected, I am convinced he will continue to serve, but wouldn't it be wise to employ this resource in city government for the good of the whole community? The Students Apinst the Cross Campus y unanimously endo U e as the nun for the commission, a man who will help the hope for a better Gainesville become an actuality. EDWARD I.4 CH U I 0 4 -e 7 

PAGE 10

ftUIS.Th"m IisM"P.MsaftA nS ssM US. recognizes Bangladesh as anfo Pr snt Nixon maintain American relationship WASHINGTON (UPI) Preddent Nixon has personally 'decided to extend U.S. diplomatic recognition to Bangladesh early this week, it was learned Sunday. Nixon "surveyed the entire South Asian scene and decided it is best" to recognize the newly independent nation now, adnnistration officials said. BANGLADESH WAS FORMED from East Pakistan during a brief war early last December when Indian troops, at the direction of Prime Minister Indira Ghandi, croped the border to help the rebelling Bengalis. Officials said that the President decided it was necessary "to maintain it American relationship with the new government." The United States already is giving extensive aid to Bangladesh, which was reduced to chaos after its war of independence. NIXON ALREADY has put into motion the diplomatic steps needed to formally recognize the new country. During the war, the White House maintained that it had an even-handed policy toward India and Pakistan. However, documents published by columnist Jack Anderson quoted Nixon's national security Civil service employes on strike in New York ALBANY,N.Y. (UPI) -State Police relieved guards at three New York prisons and a health emergency was declared at a school for the retarded Sunday to meet problem arising from an unprecedented strike of state civil service workers. About a dozen troopers were sent to each of the prisons -at Attica, Aubum and Elmira -to spell guards who had been on duty for 24 hours because their regular reliefs refused to cross picket lines. NEW YORK CITY authorities proclaimed a health emergency at the Willowbrook State School on Staten Island to deal with the accumnulation of refuse at the school because city garbagemen also were honoring the state strikers' pickets. Soon after the emergency was declared, four city garbage trucks entered the school grounds, ignoring the picket line at the gates. "We've got it all cleaned up," said City Councilman Frank Blondolillo, a Staten Island Republican who had spent most of the weekend at the school. Neither the garbagemen nor the guards were members of the Civil Service Employes Association (CSEA), the union which called the strike at 12:01 a.m. Saturday in violation of state law and in defiance of a court order. Council 82 of the American Federation of State, County and Munidpd Employes (AFSCME), the guards' union, has its own dispute with the state and has threatened a strike next Saturday. The council called a "leadership meeting" Sunday, PHOTO HEADOUARTERS for : JOURNALISMi SARCHITECTURE &,: a FINE ARTS-STUDENTS : UU fANVESVILfES MOST COMPLET E CAMERA SHOP UNIVERSITY CITY PHOTO's 1021 W. UNIV. AVE-. and there were reports it night strike Monday. Negotiations between CSEA President Theodore Wenzl and representatives of the state Office of Employe Relations resumed Saturday night and continued through Sunday noon without reported results. Neither side weuld disclose details of a new offer said to have been made by the state. adviser, Henry A. Kssinger, as telling a special top-level action group dealing with the crisis that the president wanted the policy to "tilt" in favor of Pakistan. Diplomatic relations have renmined straind with India as a result of the var. Bangladesh already has been recognized by almost So nations including the Soviet Union, Great Britain and France. IN VOL VEMENT DIVERSITY & GOOD TIMES WORDS WITH MEANING FROM 5 FRATERNITY ROW The Brotherhood of SIGMA PHI EPSILON STOP BY ANYTIME DINNER AT SIX CALL373-4742 Come By And Try Our, DAILY 58 specis Better Food For Less! THIS WEEK MON. Thru FRI. LARGE PORTION COD FISH 5 8 SPECIALS LUNCH & DINNER CAFETERIA LINE MONDAY'S SPECIAL -BEEF & MACARONI -584 TUESDAY'S SPECIAL -CHICKEN & NOODLES WEDNESDAY'S SPECIAL -STUFFED BELL PEPPERS -58 THURSDAY'S SPECIAL -AMERICAN CHOP SUEY 58 FRIDAY'S SPECIAL BEEF AND NOODLES 584 Plenty of Fro, Parking in Rear of College inn For You while You EAT 

PAGE 11

The Mewk AMipsr, Mwsn&, AprH 3, .Pup I1I P ope; Calls f or free religious expression, peace VATICAN CITY (UPI) pope Paul VI Sunday told persecuted Christians In the "churches of silence" that they are not forgotten, and appealed in his Easter massage for an end to "war, hatred and bloodshed." The message cam after the Pope celebrated Mass in bright sunshine on the steps of St. Peter's Basilica. Before him stretched a crowd estimated by Vatican Radio to number 120,000 persons in the square, with tens of thousands more in the approaches to it. "WILL OUR GREETING of peace reach our churches of silence on this feast of the risen Christ?" the Pope asked, using for the first time in several years a term which used to be applied to Christian connunities in Communist lands. "In many vast regions of the earth, there still exist, or rather there still languish, those humble undaunted communities or individuals who are denied legitimate expression of their religious and church life," the Pope said. "Let these individual souls know, let these restricted and oppressed churches know -if ever the echo of our words this Easter reaches them -that they are not forgotten. They are assured of our solidarity in faith and love. .." RECENT NEWS REPORTS have spoken of persecutions of Christians in the Lithuanian and Ukrainian republics of the Soviet Union, and in Guinea and Zaire in Africa. The church in China has been cut off from the Vatican for years and nothing is known of its present state. The pontiff said he also wished his greeting of peace "to reach where there is still the Jury convicts Berrigan HARRISBURG, Pa. (UPI) -A jury convicted the Rev. Philip F. Berrigan Sunday of smuggling a letter from federal prison but remained deadlodeed over a verdict on other charges against the antiwar priest and his fellow members of the Harrisburg Seven. The jury of nine women and three men was ordered to resume deliberation Monday on the government's principal charge that Berrigan and the others plotted to kidnap presidential advisor Henry A. Kissinger, blow up federal heating systems and raid draft boards in nine states. It was only after 33 hours of deliberation during the past four days that the jurors could report unanimous agreement on the one charge -that on May 24, 1970 Berrigan illegally sent a letter from the Lewisburg, Pa., penitentiary to Sister Elizabeth McAlister, one of his codefendants. conflict of war, hatred, bloodshed, destruction, and ever more nunrous and murderous weaponry." He did not specify such places as Vietnam or Northern Ireland, but they were apparently in his thoughts when he appealed to men to have "the wisdom and strength to defend and restore peace where itis injured. .. After he gave his semi-annual blessing "To the city of Rome and to the world" -an event of special significance to Roman Catholics -the Pope gave his Easter greetings in 17 languages. including Ukrainian, Russian, Chinese and Vietnamese as well as all the najor Western tongues. Mourning Easter dead Roman Catholics march across Northern Ireland BELFAST, Northern Ireland (UPI) -Roman the first time since 1945 because of patrol duties Catholics by the thousands marched across along the tense northern border. Northern Ireland in driving rain Sunday to mourn In Londonderry, Irish Republican Arm(y RA) their dead of an Easter long past. A prominent militant leader Sean MacStiofain told 1,300 militant leader countered growing Catholic Ctholics, araly"here is only one'attitudet objection to violence with a cry of "fight on! adopt for the Irish people -concession be Easter Sunday in Ulster got off to a quiet start danced." He dismissed any compromise witl the with few reports of violence as nearly every Catholic British, who have taken over direct rule of Ulster. stronghold held parades, wreath-layings and other "Compromise will not solve our country's observances to honor those killed in the abortive problems." he shouted. Catholic uprising against British rule on Easter Sunday 1916. But even as MacStiofain urged his listeners to TO THE SOUTH in the Irish Republic, all was "finish this fight oncand for all," clergymen and reported quiet as a total of 73 marches and parades women in staunchly Catholic areas of Belfast were was scheduled to commemorate the uprising. In openly speaking and oranizing against the IRA's Dublin, capital of the republic, President Eamonn terrorist campaign to unite the North with the De Valera, 89, one of the few participants in the Catholic South. uprising still alive, presided over a flag raising The IRA claims responsibility for nearly three ceremony at the government post office building. years of bloodshed which have left 293 persons But the annual military parade was put off for dead and hundreds wounded in the province. U ~SAMSON IT AIN'T SAMSON ISN'T GLAMOUR. SAMSON IS HARD WORK, DAMN HARD WORK-BUT THE REWARDS. ALTHOUGH NOT MATERIAL ARE PLENTIFUL FOR THE RIGHT PERSON. IT TAKES SOMEONE SPECIAL TO WORK FOR SAMSON-SOMEONE DEDICATED. IF, YOU ARE THAT PERSON PLEASE COME TO THE RECRUITMENT MEETING. MON APRIL 3RD, ON THE THIRD FLOOR OF REITZ UNION. DROP BY ANYTIME BETWEEN 7:30 & 9:00 PM. 

PAGE 12

ftp t2,Ths Rsd~ M1 -. 4 DIRECTOR OF COMMUNICATIONS STUDENT GOVERNMENT ACCENT 73 presents TONITE--DAVID HARRIS ANTI WAR ACTIVIST 8:00 P.M. UNIVERSITY AUD. Accent '73 Positions Available Anyone interested in a position on the Accent 73 staff may apply to the ACCENT office, 3rd floor, J.WaynetReitz Union, Monday thru Friday between the hours of 2:30 & 4:30 P.M. Need Money! The Florida Bankers Educational Foundation Scholarships/Loans are available for students who expect to pursue a banking career. The amount is $200 per quarter not to exceed $1200 total. Full time students with at least a 2.2 over-all average are eligible to apply. Applications and additional information may be obtained in Room 204, Matherly Hall. Double Tryouts The Florida Players will hold double try outs for the next two productions, STAR, SPANGLED GIRL, by Neil Simon; and, UNDER MILKWOOD, by Dylan Thomas, in the H.P. CONSTANS THEATRE, April 3 and 4 from 710 P.M. Scripts are available in ASB 362. Everyone in invited to tryout. There will be a production meeting for everyone interested in working crews: lights, sound, costumes, publicity, etc., 8:00 PM. April 11. Creative Drama Lecture Mrs. Isabel B. Burger, leader in Children's Theatre, Actress, Author and Director, will give two lectures on CREATIVE DRAMA -AN EDUCATIONAL TOOL: Wednesday, April 5 11:15 -1:10 in the H.P; Constans Theatre; and a demonstration with children, 3:30 -5:30 in Little Hall, Room 101. The public is invited. Environment!! Next Wednesday, April 5th, 7:30 P.M. in Rm. 349 of the Reitz Union, EAG will sponsor a talk by economist PAUL ROBERTS. Dr. Roberts will present an economists view of environmental litigation. The talk should be quite interesting and the public is invited. University Committee Available Applications are available to fill vacancies on University Committees. Pick up applications in the Student Gov't Offices. Attention All Business Administration Majors: Delta Sigme Pi cordially invites all Business Administration Majors and lower division students planning to enter the whool of Business toea Rush Smoker at 7:30 PM on April 4, 1972. The Open rush smoker will be held in room 122-123 of the J. Wayne Reft Union. Florida Players There will be a very important meeting of the Florida Players, Monday the 3rd, 4:30, in the Constans Theatre. The Lunch Box Theatre and the Summer Rep. Company will be discussed. All people interested in pledging the Players must attend this meeting. The public is Invited. Savant Applications 0 0 o 40 0 0 0 0 0 c 0 c c 0 0 U' I' 0 0 0 C cc 0 0 I,' :: : C& 0 g 03 20o N C 0. C 0 -o 0 Applications for SAVANT-UF women's leadership honorary-now available at the Activities Desk 3rd floor JWR Union, deadline at 5 P.M., Friday April 14, 1972. Get, Your Florida State Theater Passes Now! Fla. State theater passes are now on sale at the Reitz Union Box OffIce. They we good at any Fla. State Theater -Thay cost $1.25. Students Helping Students" The first Nationally chartered, student run credit union is now in existence. Stop by and find out more. ReItz Union 308 or call 392-1623. Zero Population Growth Slatt rowth can p d s 96 for instructors. pus orgenizations.t Earth wee is, ,d iwe hope thit-svice ibeutilized for6that purpose. )ur offlce cl"n be contacted r abortion and birth control information. SBBBB The SB8 is looking for individuals interested in int*CC ntis R wBm d Th wcrk udm N 2 hrs a week res a#hlpg complaints ued maetinjwith nierchnts. PIbase coma to the SG office on uifkoor, J. Waye Rilt Union. 8. u i Z IP I E c E do I y 

PAGE 13

FOR SX-990 ste si de801 $180. pene r C-31 sny deck A *150iary at 464Have regW8ft60 Il $0 l 392-8992 or 32-807. 105-P) BICYCLES! JiniPAi aftd -all at yur e~oeS social ri s -call at .eeo"i37"-176 t.105-) 97* HONDA C O400. ttIful bike. smoosh -rallabl. 6 ons. old. UndO! am0 Wllcalli pf-Wil S6 the -2 hletS-caM OM 111cel 8895. CaM 374-665 or 3-3026 e(-5t105-P) Motorcycles & ThWnS at 23 SE 1 M new & used ye& 11 perts. Osaliflied mechanicS w il rear di Cycles. Free pckt-up 3784744 last-105-P) Stereo tape recorder Sony 840 re to el 25 reels tape e addltORM selkirs excellent conItIon call Jeln $225.00 378-6141 (--10-p) Sling Ray bicycle $15 nn lock, 1 baskets, call 372-456 a-t-106-) led a stereo this qusater? Lowest p"tS availble on MI m11or branmdOf components w/ 7-10 ay deilvey. Call Jim at 3747 today (8.3t-106-p) Washing machine must eN 6 4lon old Sears kenmore 700, still has warranty, will rent traler & help inove $175, Icall wiaton collect 528-2202 (a-t-106m) used single boxsprkge and tires, new sunbeam salne lialt lsaidryer short, curly ash-lored wical M 376-7745 after S (.3645 Vlvitar Ilns, excellent cnsditon, 300 MM tl t with ham filter T4 edper type 11, Wile fitinetCenmare& .cll 37-7260 (-106-p) FOR SALE Stingray bike, hair dryer, dutch-boy wig, typewriter, reasonable prices cll 734144 or 378-9153 anytimse (a-106) CN. W. I SHOWS 2:00 ROBERT 3:50 REDFORD 5:40 GEORGE 7:35 9:30 SEGAL & CO. .. Het ... TILL 2:15 DAILY EXCEPT 1 bI& SUNDAY 4 151 at w. AYS 730 ILL?2: DAILY EXCEPT IM IU J SUNDAY auexlwA ~~ DAYS MAN N 6:35 19:451 WILD 3:103 7:20 MN TILL 2:15 SUNDAY Reelletic 8-track player/rftecorder deck plus 30 tapes and deluxe walnut case (30 tape capacIty) 7 mths. old exc. cond. $200 call Bob 373-4381 (a-2t-107-p) For sae: corvair van, 1964 w/ rebuilt enalna, very good shape, $650. Leave name & phone at Second Genesis, 1228 W. Unftserlty Ave. (a-5t-107-p) Honda Cs 450, 1971. Showroom condition, adult owned. Blue. 6830 or best offer. 378-0872. (-5t-107-p) Schwinn Super Sport 10-speed bike. Generator light, chain & lock. 5 months old, $110. Call Gary at 462-9585 (a-St-104-p) 1970 honda 350cl scrambler excellent condition only 5000 miles helmut manual extra keys plugs only $500 call ray at 372-8928 after five (-4t-107-p) CITRUS CLUB SPRING FRUIT SALE INDIAN RIVER PINK GRAPEFRUIT $4.50/ 40 lb box April 3 to 7 Call 392-2030 between 1:00 and 5:30 p.m. to rnerve fruit. (0-3t-107-p) Nikon F Professlonal Nikkor f3.5 28mm, 02.5 105mm lens Asking $350 378-8725 3:30 -9:00 Ask for Dan other times 372-1754 (a-St-107-p) Grl's brand new five speed red schwinn collegiate bicycle baskets, light, chain and lock call 392-8589 (a-3t-107-p) Stereo: KLH, Miracord, Harmon Kardon -retail value of $560, now only $395 brand new with warrantles. Much more 378-9192 (a.3t-107-p) 5-speed girls racing bike. Light, lock, chain. Excellent condition. $60 or beat offer call 378-5592 after 5 (a-3t-107-p) WEDDING DRESS for sale high lace neckline, empire waistline, call anytime at 378-0721. (a-2t-107-p) FUR BEAN BAG CHAIRS only $26. Also leather, vinyl fur in many colors. call bart for more 378-0220. (a-6t-107-P) new yellow continental 271n wheels light generator Included $95 -also tenna tape player with craIg speakers $ 115 value for $65 373-0448 (&.2t-108-nc) 1971 Bultaco matador 250cc 1600 miles, like new condition. retail new $960 now just 695 w/ 1 helmet call 376-4073 after 6 or see 603 NW 13 terr (a-3t-108-P) 8x35 Mobile Home inexpensive living furn carp living room, wood interior, ac very attractive 1,000 available June 378-7650 after 5 p.m. (a-3t-108-p) .LHASA APSO male puppy from Hamilton line AKC rev shots and wormed treat yourself to the ultimate in loving apt pets 373-1059 466-3224 (-5t-108-p) ZOOM lense tameron 80-250 f/3.8 w/ skylight. Adapts to most S~its. Includes case and lense shade. $150 or best off. Tom Hamilton 378-0181 (a-3t-108-P) Royal Electress typewrIter secretary model, like new, $170. or but offer, call Ralph 373-6125 (a-St-108-p) .'. --' .'.'.*.'TRIUMPH CITYc.Sale and Service for Triumph Yamaha HuSQvarna Penton % ml. N. of Dubs US 441 North Galnewille 372-2197 (a-5t-108-p) Test Ride The All New 1972 Yamaha At Triumph City % mi. North of Dubs US 441 North (a-5t-108-p) FORRENT MALE ROOMMATE NEEDED Immediately La Bonne Vie townhouse $55 a month +Va utilities. call 372-5154 (b-3t-106-p) h Private bedroom In new mobile home Arredonda Village lot 27. pool, central a/c, convenient to med center & law school. $70. phone 372-4427 (b-5t-104-p) Beautiful new 12x64 mobile home, 3 bedrooms. 10, baths, central a/c. pool. Arredondo Village lot 25 7117 SW Archer Rd. $150. 372-4427 (b-5t-104-p) Liberal female roomete needed for Landmark apt. air cond. furn. $50 mo. plus V utilitie. call now 373-0189 (b-4t-0-p) 1 or 2 female rooevmates needed nowl Landmark apt. 32. $50/mo. +A uti. Call Pauline 0 378-3998 after S. (b-5t-105-p) One female roommate needed spring quarter $108.75 per qtr cheap starilte apt 859 call 373-0073 (b-5t-105-p) room for sublet $125 for qtr own room in apt call 373-6473 (b-4t-105-p) Wanted: Female Roommate for 62 French Quarter 4s Rent & Utilities Call 373-3073 Ask for Dee-Dee (b-4t-105-P) Wanted: 1 person to sublet apt. Have your own bedroom, last months rent free, pay k4 utilities. 1 block from campus call Jeff 376-4909 (b-5t-105-) NEED ONE MALE ROOMATE UNIV GRDNS 48.75 +Va dep & util shag carpet pool a/c hip pre-rnedrmt Call 378-3202 or 376-7338 (b-5t-105-p) Own Bedroom + bath In Pretty House 10 min. drive to campus. Share w/only i Grad student A/C No Lease your not stuck summer I $250 per qtr. Includes utilities call 378-0247 Mature Girl Wanted (b-5t-105-P) Female rmmate wanted for air-con. apt, spring qtr. $35/m + V uti. no lease, last months rent, or any deposits call Linda 373-1251 (b-it-105-p) 1 female roomate wanted to share La Banny Vie apt. Very nice atmosphere! Pool, study & laundry room, sauna. Call 373-0253 anytIme (b-5t-105-P) Today's more for your money meal atmoRRison's CAFETERIA MONDAY'S FEATURE jUMBO BAKED I CHOPPED STEAK i and Yellow Rice 924 I TUESDAY'S FEATURE I GOLDEN FRIED CHICKEN ALL YOU CAN EAT 99 LUNCH: 11'til 2 -SUPPER:4:30 lil 8 -FREE PARKING MORRISOn'S CAFETERIA.eyond Comparison 2620 N.W. 13th treet in the Gainewille Mail 5. I im rvi 3."U Mature roommate wenseds tne p ece, 2 1edrOs In 4 bedroom apt male, $75 + 1/S utitles call after 1231-307 SW 3rd Ave cal George or 3:00 373-5090 (b-st-107p) Greg 373-5375 (bSt-107-4) O ndf/r Phintifig Instructor: Mrs. Sue Jster wedeadys for v April 12 -tay 17 7:30 -9:30 p.m. Register In Room 310 Program Office beglnnlng Aprfl 3 6 for series FMT tN% at T?3O~vfm340TI kIti 3vtM one I CINEMA 2 NOW PLAYING ELSATHE UOKESS WAS BORN FREE. NO HER CBS ARE UVINGFREE! An open Road/ Highroad Production 1,21 I o cI ss in Thsa Fl.odd a ~ -Ol*501 33 

PAGE 14

i Apartment for summer La ftnne Vie. I'm takine a burn. 5100.00 + utlitiem. caN Tim eves 3724303. (b.-l0t-loe--p) Need two somae"e 23W 250 eve two blocks from cap s. Three bedrm house AC 401st anl nice call Bil 378-5606 weidsooity $30 mo tb-'M-1OS-p) Male roomaSe wanted country e1s apte. 1d loflon for medIsagy-oriented slwdents; must be over 1. call 373-0102 after 5 p.m. (b-31-0"9) Mase DeIred to share 2 bdrm w/3 other People immedIate Occupancy no blase 47.50 util. FQNo. Is 378-5025 Lin.tb-4t-105-s) Mas roofmates Swated for two bdrm apt near campus must rent spilt 160 a month rent 3 or 4 ways + utilities call 3134623 anytime (b-St-106-0) NEED FEMALE ROOMMATE Hawallan Villag s50 mo + utis pool, air-con, everyth"ne also need to sublet smr qtr call 373-5665 (b-4t-107-0) Tuesdays, April 11 -May 16 7:30 -9:30 p.m. $6 fee for wries Register in Room 310 JWRU Program Office beginning April 3 Sponsored by JWRU Saturday Axrl8 800 pm A mON SALE M G MMANN 2V UafF SnAEENTS 75s GEM@AL PEMMC:SljDO 441 50 F b I 3:46 5:49 7:35 9:20 Pep 14.Th.~ul~MUwser.iApV*, en Want n anae almt or nmerk apt o t utlttl. Call 372-7207 (c.4t-10P10 Female roommate wanoo own room close to campus 1417 iwl st ave ca LaefMttkApt 46 need MSle roommate for SprIng and Summer quar $50/mo + t+ utilities. Call after 5 3754483 (-St-107-P) How about some luxury to help throuell the -draugery of schooL Beautiful new house in forest ridge needs one roommate. Just 5 n from campus come on by 4 see, It's just $100/mo. Inc utilities -call 372-7400 (b-4t-106-p) FEMALE ROOMMATE wanted for French Quarter 125 + UtIltiles for Spring Quarter Call Laural 373-0316 (b-2t-107-p) SUBLET 2 brm Ih bath, furn or unfurn, central air & heat, wall-to-wall carpet, pool, laundry, 378-3457 days, 373-3901 eves. tb-5t-107-P) Roomate needed at Tanglewood Apt. Townhouse -$57.50 monthly + 1 utilities -call 372-2777 (b-5-108-p) Roommate wanted for spring quarter to share 2 bedroom apt. with 3 girls. Rent $95 for the trt. Univ. Gardens Trace Apt. Call 378-3065. (b-3-108-p) unfurnished 2-bedroom -apartment, air conditioned, garage, storage areas, 2 entrances. $120.00 month 3 blocks from university, call 372-2102 (b-5t-108-p) Almost new 2 br apt. Ready to rent $150 plus utilities call 378-9153 or 373-3137 (b-5t-108-p) WANTED, FEMALE ROOMMATE wanted for Mount Vernon apts. $55/month + / util. air cond., dishwasher, 2 br 2 bath. call 373-5064 or 372-7241. (c-5t-104-p) Cheap apt, want 1 or 2 students for 2 bdrm apt with male grad student. 2 blks from campus. air cond. pool Call Jim 421 NW 15, 378-9129 (c-5t-104-p) -ale roommate immediate occupancy across from igert, 1216-15 SW 2nd ave $57.50 + a utilities call 378-4763 after 3 p.m. Colonial Manor Apts. (c-5t-105-p) Needed I female roommate tree March rent $55 per month plus a utility a/c, dishwasher, lease up in August, 2 bdrm, 2 bath. call 376-2318 after six (c-5t-105-p) Female roommate wanted immediately own room pool paid for up to april 15 Come by 121 The Place c--105-pl I female roomate wanted to share hawaiian village apt4750 +r14 utility move in immediately. students. pool laundry call 372-7279 anyme lc-5t-105-p) Male rmmate for pvt. roorn in new mobile home -a/c, pool, sauna stereo' need car -call Britano" Estates/ 8-5 p.m. -leave phone o-o $85/mo. inci luti (c-5-106-pv Female roommate needed, your own large room, $53.50 +. Cal Lfain 372-7432 (c-St-106-p) Male roommate wanted toLandmark townhouse apartment. Rent 550/mo. + V utilities; cat A ngel, 373-0012, after 6 p m (c-51-107-p) Roomate for 70' mobile home. Pool color t.v., stereo. $60 plus ui te 373-4489 after 5. (c-6-107-p) .2nd WEEK 1:30 AGL 3:30 ANGELA LANSBURY :5 DAVID TOMLINSON 47:4 9:4 A SUPOM 8=0SUa81sps& snPUMuMens comoinig surfing form an color with rock music. Won highest acclaim at Cannes Fim Festival, 1971. NORTH SHORE EXPRESSION SESSION FkANCE, MAUI, SOUTH AFRICA Tuesday, April 4th 8& 8 & 10 pm-ADM. 75C Catholic Student Center 1738 W. Univ. Ave. U Union Arts & Crafts Sale The Union is having an Arts & Crafts Sale Thursday, April 13th and Friday, April 14th on the Colonnade and North Terrace for creftsnn who are interested in selling their goods. We are accepting all hand made items such as Jewelry, leether-goods, pottery, embroidery, macrane, wood carvings, paintings, and clothing. To take part in this event just come and dIsplay your Creations, bring a change box, keep an eye on your Creations, talk to eople, spread good cheer, make money and that's ItI A _I '.ton -their will be a $1.00 pe tete-eharge for ant to le 00 hen vo staup. Aa issbleses if you are Interested and want more InformatIon, call 3924655, April 13th & 14th -Union Colonnade -11 A.M. to 7 P.M. Creative Cookery Workshop .~0 **~ 2~ C~ Void on choose pizzas 31;.16th Ave .376-4521 I Soul Food Cooking, Demonstrated by Mrs. White Tuesday,April 11 at 7:30pm For reservations call 392-1655 Rod Sumpter Films Presents -0 MAL. A I toy" owa i or 2 Niea reoe t r4 aeom % .epenh 4S.75 a month plus Wc ut~lftWe call 378-OM or con by 431 +5,+ 301th ave. (c-3t.107-p) wanted.g.811 spring quarter for only 000 nlteapt a/c and pool call slbert at 373-1141 after 5 p.m. (c-2h-107-p) pq s 

PAGE 15

r swam 376466S. 1049407* femaw 4"ww bS6 ept 4ts a/c, pOO.s oh11 0rvice to campus --call 373406 M boring or eening (c-St10?4* femi. roomate, tlmedatelyi williamburg apt. c i372-471 (c-3t-108P) -"Saroomate -SIM room In 2 OR concrete duplex ouport Air ero $3S5.50 neth + 1/3 utv NW Option 373-1267 ols pad students (c-t-108tP) URGENTI femele needs a resnoablytxIced st Immediately. prefer om bdrLW. wll ay rent & Utilities. call Tong 392-5583 (c.3t-108P) (HELP WANTEM aysitter 1s30 pist o10t0 Ps wnoe thumS, & etW n alluse, -.& sun One child, no housework $3/day call cm swsrren at 373-3009 or 378-2806 (-t-107P CLUTCH DRIVERS -A 1969 Opel Kadett Wagon is For Sale good condition -Can 37070 end tome by to see it (gt-104"9 Listeners wantedi W 1 M for one hour sesdom. m1 be eatiee English spe ak 11414=101 hearing.Pleas bawees and 5 for an ppgiltstost. 392-2049 (4-ft-10s-c) AUTOS FOR SALE Van 68 dodge stu lesW wth windows good nmeclm ca cond. $1295 or best offer 37-454 (g4t-103-p) 66 Porsche 912 air, 5 speed, am 60 sw radio, chrone sebo, fadials, new pint, abarth exhaust, $2690 call 37-0013 (g-2t.107.py 1111Apr1 l 3,1972, Pass15 AUTOSFORSA LEX 1969-70 V.W bs, one owner tmschnlc) Mus ohWill Consider trade. 100% rebuilt ng. new tire shocks, batt. radio, sunroof. Carsfully maintained in perfect Cond. $1800 376-7872 (G-5t-106-) A.H. Sprite. 1967. New top, tonneau, boot; tape player, am-fm. 35000 mi. $995 or best offer. 376-0872 (g-5t-107-p) 1969 Fiat 850 spyder excellent condition super gas mileage low insurance new pirelli's radio just Inspected asking $1250 call Brian after 4 372-9757 (9-4t-105-p) 1959 i harvester bus self contained carpet, stove, fireplace, running, water, sony 230 tape deck canoe 372 R-D. engine + tires new, trailer $2,500 311 NW 14 st. (g-5t-105-p) Excellent economy car Chevy 11 Nova $350 new tires good condition tave mrnssage at 373-5497 I am at 312 SE 8th St. come by morning or evening his to-15'106-p) 1967 GMC van ** good mechanical condition, has 1971 engine, panelled, etc. must sell, leaving for3Europe. $1,200 call Jill at 392-3641 t-5 (G-5t-106-p) Must sell, shelby cobra mustang 9t-500, perfect mechanical condition, many extras, for more Inf call Larry at 373-3144 (e-5t-10"') Need INCOME TAX help? call FEDERAL ACCOUNTANTS 35 N Main 378-5552 Five dollars and up.(J-15t-103-p) We need your love. We're kittens. 6 wks old & we're trained. Free, too 378-5749 after 5. PURR. (-5t-105-p) GOODIE TWO SHOES wooden sandals that do good things for your feats legs. $3.99-5.99 Mother Earth has It5 604 NW 13th St. (J-5t-103-p) DATING SERVICE All dates in Gainesville. For free details, write Box 77346, Atlanta, Ga. 30309 (j-10t-104-p) $10 for series of lessons Instructor: Randi Cameon Register in 310 JWRU ProgrsmOffice begnning April 3 Tuesdays from April 11 -May 30 2:30 -5:00 p.m. Wednesdays from April 12 -May 30 10 -12:30 p.m. Sponsored by JWRU Laverne Lobdell, Prophet of Love and Discipline of Kahil Ga ran oa PenuawI. .4y d crime, drugslm~n 6. mbou 1 disciple of K i' ra, wWlspeak in the. uONE-MAN'S AWAKENING We~y~ pil12.0 7:30p.m. U -J WRU Iashnryu KARATE Heisos FREE every Mon Wed Fri, 4:30-6:30 p.m. In basemen main gym. Stop by "4e"gse Classes Close April 10 Mon. t-51-104-p) Natural Foods. Vitamins, Hi-po Produs, yogurt mars & Jucrs Sunflower Health Foods. 7 W. University. Downtown. 378-"978 Old Samson Volunteers who have not signed up for this quarter come to Recruitment mesing Monday Apr 3, 730 -930 p-m. 3rd 11 Union l-3-06-pI Fly alsecg charter flight TampaLondon-Tampa $215 r.t. Call 392-1678 rm. 304 Union 3-5 p.m. M-Th Eurall Pass Int. Stu. 10 Hostel Caros and more (I-14-103-p) h Looking for a new guitar or bano? All of our instruments are completely adjustedforlowstring action and then discounted 15% to 20%. Give us a call -Check our prices. Sabine String Shop 107 N Main St. 373-6396 ti-St-105p) Anyone interested in working for Samson! Come to Union 3rd fIl between 7:30 -9:30 p.m. Monday April 3 for Recruitment meeting (J-3t-10h-p) Male kittens & mother free cute. Leaning town & mus find loving home. Call after 6. 376-2046 (J-5t-106-p) BAHAMAS dive trip $150 Incl hotel i/kitchen, 2 dis from explorers club, 2 nights casino, round trip from gvilie, 3/21 -3/23 call 373-5692 (-5t-107-9) Center of Man is sponsoring a student encounter group on April 8, including Gestalt, sensory awareness + encounter. $10.00 call 373-3104 (J-6t-107p) air war in Indochina You may try it but you won't like it. automated air war packet wth 10 articles at cost 51 grc box 12654 univ station (j-it-108-p) I would just like to say that I support Lynn LoPucki for city commission. I ass bean working for him because I believe he can help change this city and gt people to start caring about and helping ech other. I think there's hope for G'vll, do you? Peace -George Moon pd. pol. adv. (i-It-108-p) I'm announcing my full support for Lynn LoPucki for city comm because he cares aobut the people -those people that many are least conceded with. Ellen Levitov pd. pol. ads. t)I-t-l1s-p a Rawlings music major played a beautiful tune in the backseat of my Vokswagon, hitchiking on a rainy night wed 29th. can I find you? how? (j-3t-105-p) 10 SPEED BIKES finest from England and France all sizes colors available at Revere Cycle 521 W Univ open 10 to 6 tel 37"-5756 (j-20t-10)-P) THE LEATHER WORKS makes the best sandals in town at 521w Univ from $16 bags bets and knapsacks too tel 378-5756 (J-20t-10o-p) Tired of being ripped off on 8-track tapes. It takes me 3 days to order direct for $350 I have some brand new ones in stock now too 372-7356 (J-St-108-p) Corner Drug Store wants volunteers For infor call 378-1588, or come by (j-3t-108-p) Come out smelling like roses or peppermint lavender pachouly sandalwood or geranium -natural essential oils to daub or slather 604 nw 13 st MOTHER EARTH ,-f 10-8 sat 10-6 (J-5t-108-p) Behold' Tho multitudes are calling. They sing his name from the highest mountain and deepest sea bed. Open your hearts and cry out: SON OF FLASH pd po1 ad. (J-it-108-P) SERVIES SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE FARM complete boarding facilItis from $2000 a moni. English riding instruactEoi dws-tf 973-1069 44"2034 ("I-6t-1034 THS CYCLEWOOiM ow60 pf, 11 HODA & savieIn townIlI open 12 noon untO 5 p.m. 305 NW 12 ave phoo.e 373-4080 (FREE PICKUP) (im5t-106-P) TENNIS instruction by qualified instructor call 373-5692 (m-5t-107-p) OVERSEAS JOBS FOR STUDENTS Australia, Europe, S. America, Africa, etc. All professions and occupations, $700 to $3,000 monthly. Expenses paid, overtime, sightseeing. Free information Write, Jobs Overs55, Dept. H8 P.O. pox 15071, San DIego, CA. 92115 (M-20t-107-p) PROGRAMMER with 6 years experience in many languages -call 37a-8749 or 392-2306 for debugging. programming, etc. fast service SLEEPY HOLLOW horse farm & riding academy featuring the finest boarding facilities stall lighted ring rates from $20 373-1050 46-3224 (m-5t-'OO-PI q I FLOWER ARRANGING TUES. nights 7:30 -9:30 APRIL 11 -MAY 30 ~-I lKau directed by Akiru Kurosaioa IKIRU 6 the story of the aderch for the meaning of life by a nan who knows he has only a short time to live. "A masterpiece. The finest achievement of Japan's most rigorously -gifted moviemaker. The year's most moving film." TIME Mon., AprilI3 6:30 9:30 SWd Union Audiwoium Second film in the Japanese Sponsored byJWU festw Pvsae b Jl "A f RATlu iu '"A TI W UI0 as fin. as anythingOt hehs passed aros on American screen. An Wmpie ericism which makes even Italian rmovie sex leek like a am Scout trevele"".,. -N*WIW 06h ofCU UL. full of vitality. Net to be missed."of -wtnS**R.s1sVasNss fh h I .full of beauty .the sensuos doatel re Intriguing." -Crs~ewt NV Non 1. .T .a dramita of the sins of greed end vioenc told with power, poetry and pictorialpr .o." -zI c "AMASUPIKCE-to Tueday, Aprill4 7:00 9:30 5(O Union Auditorium Third flim in the Japanese festival Sponsored by JWRU IFC SPRING FROLICS, SUN., APRIL 9 AT FLORIDA GYM Tickets $3.50 Advanc* $4 door TICKETS AT sRitWon amSU1110e RddDissount af t y Le.mg 7 I I 

PAGE 16

P4 16, The PsedA MApwrMeadow, APd5 3, 172 ma (ft aoday and ddf between a. d m an naD&B5ta5Tua AMperApril 21. pints. must present their picture I Chi PKi. Delta Chi, Delta According to Larry Leitner, and fee card. Only blood Sign Pi Ddta Ta Delia, T manual Interfraternity IFC Blood Drive chairmn, 104 T HSwBi be awarded donated to the IFC account will Delta Updo, AlPhW TAU OmPg unde (IFC) Blood Drive pints were collected in the 1971 to the fa ty houm in both count towards the drive. and Sigma Alpha Mu. the Omanp anW ie lape The houses for the week of which contrcute the most pints. Anyone who has had a cold April 10 are. Kappa Alpha. The house which shows the should wait a week after the Landa Chi Alpha, Phi Delta greatest inrmae over year final symptone beforedonating. Theta, Phi Kappa Ps, Pd i Kappa will receIve a pbupse, and the Theta, Phi Kappa Tau, Pi Kappa houses in "ai league with the TO PREVENT a last week Alpha;PI Kappa Phi, Phi Gamma largestnumber of donorswilbe rush on the blood bank, each DeltaandThetaChi. UNTY given a keg ofbeer. fraternity hasbeen assigned a The houses for the week of week when its brothers will be April 17 are PI Lamda Phi. an Only UF students can donate, allowed to donate. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Signs Cii, th iy atre f cet opa~i sst sjr but they do not haeve to belong Signm Phi Epsilon. Tau Epsilon b the city tton of create o it am to a fraternity. Donors should go The houses for the week of Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, and iss f ca .to the .Hiis Medical Center Ap I-.6 *.I tothe .H s Meica Cener pril 3 are Alpha Epsilon Pi, Sigmia Nu. perio G O V E R N M E N I into REORGANIZATION gove Lttle-Final position to be cons determined by the charter study coOp4 commission report, but prote presently favors total merger of and z city and county government. "There are predictions of great growth in the next two to three 6 decades and to have a cons well-planned community we in ut must do away with jurisdictional pollute disputes." LoPucki-Not convinced PL that the charter study e commission will represent the enviro citizens of Gainesville. Favors planni annexation of urban area into confli Gainesville to keep government exclu close to the people. "If favors boundaries are too far behind coun developing area, there are tax conso inequities; if too far ahead, the L bid developers move in." of la realto opo Harris to speak eo planni EM being David Harris will be speaking provide tonight at 8 in University prog Auditorium. proje The ex-husband of Joan Baez 64 rg was recently released from a two-year prison term for provi refusing induction into the arned services. Student and civil rights activist, he is currently working with the People's Union in California. He is the author of "Goliath" and "Coming Out". Concerning society, Harris said, "We live in a society that ...has become synonymous with death itself." aewie is a atrAuon d, growing from a town a city and we must resolve rnment conflicts." If olidation fails, favors eration in utilities, fire ction, physical planning oning. LoPucki-Says immediate solidation is needed ilities, fire protection, tion control and inspection. INNING AND ZONING Little-Calls for long-range, nnentally sound physical ing. Says those with regular cts of interest should be ded from plan board and merging of city and ty boards only under lidation. LoPucki-Calls for exclusion and developers and some rs from city plan board; se joint city-county ing and zoning council. IPLOYMENT Little-Favors lIght industry brought to Gainesville to de more jobs; proposes job rams and compensatory cts for the underemployed. LoPucki-Favors seeking the Kind Of growth" to de jobs for the unemployed nderemployed. UNBELIEVABLE! All The Band ~e Traffic tSO 1 %Ci40g6 Un ljnrsit ,Ave.,3 7$2S8 3 Summer Schools in Britain?' Yes!1 We have the info. Is UNK AEL "AN OFFER REFUSE" 376G2487 ~ ~ fl B GOOD MON" TUES. ONLY Ksitwlckv fried kke an rayo 3 Pa.Woen. masdPoaONs CaleSaw and LRo~ 214 N.W. 13th St. 150NNE Mt.R 114 S.W. U* hSt. DINNER BOX 990 Rag. 1.25 BRING COUPON A New Shipment of Schwinn Bikes Are Now in Stock New & Used Bikes 3 speed 5 speed 10 speed Over 1,000 to Choose From 88 we Univ. Ave. 376-2638 Y~~u!~Autho~ ~~laed L~k cwp~@s -71-7 --jF ----a 

PAGE 17

r The F~dd m-AW~. MsosW, Apr* 3. 1M, Pp 17 Netters beat 'tllini', lose to FSU Sy PAUL MA The Florida tumis team's .Mon season" finally ended Friday afternoon, a4rd the Gators were able to complete their match against llinois University, which was started Thursday. Proving they prefered the Florida Courts dry rather than wet, the UF netters romped over the Illini, 6-3 for their fourth straight win. Two matches had been completed Thursday when the afternoon downpour forced the match to a halt. Florida's Ray Heidema won the No. 4 singles and Illinois' Barry Maxwell took the No. 5 singles in Thursday action. FLORIDA SWEPT the first three singles matches on Friday while losing only No. 6. Jim Oescher defeated Rod Schroder of Illinois in the No. I match, Paul Lunetta won the No. 2 match over Illinois' Rick Wack and Kenn Terry of UF knocked off Miles Harris in the No. 3 singles competition. In the No. 6 match, Florida's Mike McCaffery lost to Dave Littell in three sets, 5-7,6-2, 7-6. The Gators dropped the first doubles match with Heidema and Terry to Illinois' Schroder and W ack,64, 6-3. UF took the No. 2 doubles match as Oescher and Knight defeated Morrey and Harris, 7-6, 6-4. In the final match of the afternoon, Bing Nobles and Lunetta of Florida, beat Maxwell and Littell, 6-4, 6-4. * SATURDAY, the Gators ran into a tough and undefeated Florida State team. UF showed surprising strength against the Seminoles and took the match down to the final doubles contest before losing 5-4 to FSU. Florida State snapped a UF fourgame winning streak but the Gators, "showed definite improvement in overall performance," according to head tennis coach Bill Potter. FSU's Richardo Bernd defeated Oescher in the No. 1 singles match, 6.3, 6.1. Florida's Lunetta highlighted the match for the Gators as he upset Juan Ortez in the No. 2 singles, 6-1,6-2. Florida jumped into the leadewhen Terry took the No. 3 singles over Reggie Genois, 76, 2-6, 6-1 and Heidema won at No. 4, 2-6, 6-4, 6-2 over FSU's Richard Lengendre. MIDASTA'E ed the match st the endof thnin*es,when Bob Boland defeated UIs Knight in the No. 5 match and Steve Diamond beat McCaffery in the final contest. The Florida Alligator Heidema and Terry lost the the Gators dropped the final first set of the No. I doubles match, 6-3, 6-2. match, 4-6 to Bernd and * Diamond but came back in the Florida is now8-4 on the year next two sets to win, 6-2,6-3. and continue their honestand Florida State's Lengendre and today on the Florida Courts as Genois defeated Knight and they take on the University of Oescher in the No. 2 doubles, Virginia. 6-4, 6-4 which tied the match Tuesday, the Gators will face again and set the stage for the Wake Forest University, one of final doubles match. the finest tennis teams in the Ortiz and Boland were too south, according to coach much for Nobles and Lunetta, as Potter. Paul Lunetta Ray Huidema ..scores upset .singles winner ARies GeTs THe MaXiMUM FORi Ttle MINIMUM AT BURGER KING SPECIAL COUPON OFFERI FR EECOKEwith the purchase of a Whopper N.W. l6th OFFER GOOD Avenue Thru April 10 ID 1972 LIMIT ONE PER CUSTOMER Home today against Virginia [11 m I i 

PAGE 18

e lk Tsse s AM ar, MWWs*eye S p SG candidates Den Cmaldy .C adipendt Cassidy By ANDY COHEN A1igato'Spart Writbar "The athletic department should be more concerned about the scholastic situation of its athletes. Many times athletes are great on the field but quite the contrary in the class-room. If athletes were encouraged to spend more time on scholastic matters than they would become more well-rounded students," according to Dan Cassidy, student body presedential candidate. He further elaborated that Carlos Alvarez is an exception to this rule. "He is both an outstanding scholar and athlete." EACH QUARTER the athletic department gets a certain ano unt of money from student fees. Cassidy feels that this money should be totally eliminated. "I don't think the athletic department should get a cent from student fees. Students are charged for football games so in turn they are paying the athletic department in two different areas. I really don't think that's fair," said Cassidy. Each year the UF alumni gives a considerable amount of money to the athletic department. Cassidy feels that these donations are good as lorg as they're not solely given to the athMtic departnnt. "The alunii should be persuaded to give naich needed contributions to academics at UF. They should realize that academics need as much money as sports." Corenswet By LEE DENMLOW Aei~gStr Sparta Wrhtr The issue of athletics is a quiet one in this year's Student Government elections and it's not getting as much attention as in past years. "I don't think athletics has any really major issues this year,"' said Everyday People presiderntial candidate Ellen Corenswe t. "The big thing in the past was the five dollar student ticket fee, but everyone has pretty well accepted that now." There are, however, a "lot of questions" that need to be asked about the Athletic Association, according to Corenswet. The AA is the governing body of intercollegiate athletics at the UF, and its legal status has been questioned recently. Corenswet believes that the questioning should continue. ''IT H E ATHLETIC A S S O C I A T ION i s incorporated," Corenswet said, which should nake it a separate entity from the university. Yet it uses student funds taken by the university and shares the same privileges as the university, like it can't be sued. I would like to have ast attorney general's ruling or some thing to determine if it is or it isn't a part of the university." Corenswet explained her reason for wanting a ruling. "This past year Student Government tried to do something similar. That is take some of the student funds and form a separate corporation to get outside the university's jurisdiction. We were, however, stopped by the university from doing this. I would like to find out why we can't do that and the Athletic Association can." THE PRESEDENTIAL HOPEFUL also mentioned the "ATHLETICS make up only a adoption of a student season small part of the University. football pass, and the return of They get special treatment night football games as minor which isn't given to other parts issues to be considered. of the University," noted Cassidy.1 The football program has always dominated the athletic program at UF. Cassidy feels that all sports should be given equal contribution. "UF put much needed money into an adequate stadium lighting system last year. The reason for this lighting aWo e able television to cover gents. It tumed out that the ightlsg wasn't adequate for TV. Thisamnev was wasted." sid''dges One of his major goals is to start a p eat for a new gym at UF. it has been a necessity p4yyws. ENO. C nw .gwrydw !eople OW on UF a Son of Flash By PAUL DMEA If the Son of Flash is elected as president of the student body April 12, the Florida Athletic Department, as it stands today, is in trouble. Fred Volbrvth Son of Flash, and his .Fundamental Freedom vice-presidential running mate, Mandrake Grape, say that they are serious candidates and are Vollath serious about the changes they will nake in the athletic department. By TOM CORNELISON Son of Flash contends that he Emai"vsparWt Editor inhabits the body of Robert Matte, 7ED and Mandrake Fred Volrath, student body claim he has completely presidential candidate blended into the body of Robert representing the Fundamental Sarrazen, 7AS. Freedom Party, believes the UF THE TIWo are followers of athletic department should not Soandsoism, a religion they be given a cut of the mandatory claim to have on the planet student fee. Uranus. The Fundamental Freedom "We think that athletics are Party, in fact, favors the overemphasized as it stands with abolishment of student fees the tuition controversy," Son of a together. Flash said. "All major athletics "If we didn't have to pay the will be eliminated if we are f'es," Voirath said on Sunday, elected." "then the average student As one of the replacements to wouldn't be required to the present sports on campus, subsidize the National Football Son of Flash plans to pit the League, the National Basketball Jesus freaks and the Krishna Association and the American people in various confrontations Basketball -Association. I on Florida Field. suppose if It snowed in Florida "We want to make use of the then we'd have to support the stadium because of the amount National Hockey League too." of money that has already been VOLLRATH, for years a put into it," Son of Flash stated. prominent figure in UF's student The stadium fits into many of conservative circles, believes the the plans that the party has on athletic department is "engaging their platform. In send-pro sports" which the According to Son of Flash, students, should not be required every morning there will be a to support. If the fees were mandatory chant session for all abolished, the conservative students at 5:30 a.m. at Florida candidate feels, it would Field. All students will chant the behoove the athletic department seven ablutions, which come out to still give students discounts of the Book of Seeds, the holy on admission prices. book of Soandsoism. Also slated for the early "They're using the school's morning happenings will be a name and the athletes are prune feast, and daily earwax students here," Volrath collection. Earwax is sacred in observed, "if the students were Soandsoism and Son of Flash required to pay full gate prices said that each student would then the teams should drop the give as much as possible and the facade and say they're wax would be distributed professionals." according to need. The founder of UF's "New If Flash is elected, the athletic Right Coalition" also said "more coaches and faculty will be put power to the athletic into Century Iower along with association" in the area of the other teachers on campus, athletic scholarships provided where they will undertake useful the money which subsidizes the tasks such as making toejam scholarships is raised by the statuettes and prune-skin departme nt. lampshades. "IF THE SC"OLARSHIPS come from the state," Volrath said, "there should be some re-evaluation." The candidate also said the Athletic Association was a "profit-making organization" and that he felt that was "just fine". "What gripes me," Vollrath added, "is having to work for my own tuition and seeing part of it go to subsidize someone else' scholarship. Plenty of students have to work and never attend any athletic events, but they're still charged for those Sen of Plush events." .Independent Sam Taylor .United Action Taylor By PAUL SHEA Sporta Editor Sam Taylor feels that Steve Uhfelder, former student body president, was right when Uhlfelder said UF had minor league academics and major league athletics. Taylor, now vice president of Student Government, is running for president in the student election and doesn't have many good things to say about the Athletic Association at Florida. ' T H E ATHLETIC Association has the students covered in all directions," Taylor said. "President (Stephen) O'Connell, the Board of Regents, legislators and alumni throughout the state are all behind the association." "Alunsi," Taylor continued, "identify with the football team rather than the school itself. This is mainly because of the weakness in academics that they received here." Taylor cited that the Athletic Association is one of the most powerful ars of UF while not technically being part of the university. The association is a private corporation and as Taylor put it, "they enjoy the best of two worlds." "The athletic department seems to run rough-shot over the students," stated Taylor. "But Ray Graves (Athletic Director) is a lot more understanding of our point of view than one might expect." Taylor feels that intercollegiate competition is good, but it doesn't have to be intercollegiate. "Intramural activities would be better," Taylor said. "Involving more students as participants would to me be better than all of them being spectators." "IN REALITY, I'm a sports fan, but in reality, sports events are like the rituals of the ancient Romans. People have been trained to like them." Even though he thinks the odds are against him in a battle with the Athletic Association, Taylor won't concede."Wehave to convince the Athletic Association that we must work together In order to resolve the real student complaints," he said. "It's like a sacred cow," Taylor addet"Most people wonIt attack the Athletic Association and the ones who do usually get tsurne. It's shameful ...but true. 

PAGE 19

PHOTOS BYGARY WOLFSON From either side of plate, Gators are tough "once pitching gets going, we'll be hard to stop Gators split with Auburn By SIM SMITH Alligator Sports Writer Florida bats blasted Auburn pitching for a two day total of 17 runs and 22 hits but the Gators could manage only asplit of the two game weekend series. The Gator nine destroyed the Tigers Friday 11-3, but Auburn retaliated in kind with a 13-6 victory on Saturday. John Fuller and David Bowden were the offensive standouts in the Friday triumph. Fuller, one of only three regulars hitting less than .300, drove in four runs with an opposite field two-run homer, a single and a perfectly executed squeeze bunt. Bowden continued to be the Gator's hottest hitter ripping two singles, a double, adding three RBIs and scoring a pair of runs. HURLER BOB Lundquist picked up the win for Florida though he needed relief help from Doug Corbett in the seventh inning. Corbett, a sophomore, held Auburn hitless for the remainder of the game. Things we re reversed on Saturday as Auburn pounded three Gator pitchers for 12 hits in route to their 13 run putput. The Plainsmen scored once in the first but Florida bounced back with two runs in the second on a walk, two errors and a squeeze bunt by team captain Rick Scarborough. Not to be denied Auburn jumped on starter Ted Ledbetter for three more tallies in their half of the second. Shortstop Ray "Razor" Hull laced a two-rn single in the fourth to move the Gators into a brief 4-4 tie. Then the roof fell in. AUBURN RIPPED reliever Bob Kowalski for four runs in the fifth and Tiger centerfielder Joe Haefner smacked a 400 foot homer off of Corbett to lead a five-run outburst in the eighth. The split leaves Florida with a 2-2 SEC record with 13 conference games remaining. The team is confident, however, that it can capture lie SE's eastem division crown. THIS CONFIDENCE is epitomized by Hull whose bat ting exploits have been instrumental in most of the Gators 10 victories. The scrappy shortstop is now batting .325, with 17 RBIs and nine stolen bases. "We should have won both of these games(Auburn) and we know we can whip Georgia (Florida's next SEC foe)," the Florida lead-off man claimed. Hull believes that Vanderbilt offers the most serious threat to Gator anmbitions. "The whole team is killing the ball and once the pitching gets going we'll be hard to stop." The Gators will tackle the University of Virginia today at Perry Field in a non-conference gan. Sophomore right hander Art Lee has been tabbed as the starter by head coach Dave Fuller. Gametime will be 3 o'clock. THE LESS YOU KNOW ABOUT CARS, THE MORE YOU NEEDAVOLVO. If you're smart enough to know you know nothing about fixing a car, then get a Volvo. Volvos are built to keep a healthy distance between themselves and a tool box. For specifics on why a Volvo shouldn't need lots of fixing, ask our Service Manager. He's not very busy. Harfred Auto Imports 372-4373 506 E. UNIVERSITY AVE. 1ta "" MaAw~. w U tO Bow ling League Meetings For Spring Leagues Mon-Tues 6:30 Mon-Thurs 9:00 Will be Held Monday April 10th 7:00 P.M. in Rooms #361 & #363 Reitz Union Anyone interested in Bowling At Those Times Please Come To This Meeting For More Information Call 372-1637 NEW Student Special I0% discount for 10 days 30 minute free installation Lifetime guarantee (To original purchaser) Expert Mechanics One Day Service Custom pipe bending Brakes relined Diagnostic precision tune up Electric Repairs Front end alignment & repairs E Spin Balance 5 Blocks from Campus SCOTI MUFFLER CENTER Division of Bush Auto Center, Inc. 378-4525 -1311 N.W. 5th Ave. 

PAGE 20

fp2S a, Thne PhsredsAlswr',M.dsy, Ae 2,172 Shot put key to track success By BARRY VORSE AUmsser'Upsets Wetier Florida's shot put duo of Jim Nelson and Mike Larrison finished 1-2 in their specialty and led the Gators to a respectable showing in the State Record Relays Saturday in Columbia, S.C. Nelson finished far ahead of the field with a heave of 54-8. Larrison followed with 52-11 %. Nelson was the only Gator to win an individual event. garrison Meed a group of three UF men to take second place. JOHN POWER ran a 14.9 time in the 120-yard high hurdles to garner his second place. Mike Cotton soared 15.4 to take the runner-up spot in the pole vault. SEC indoor triple jump champ Ron Coleman could manage only a third place finish tramrl Before competition begins, the Intramural Department would like to bring its various clubs to the attention of UF's students, faculty and administrators. Three clubs are either new or being revitalize. The Men's Tennis Club will be holding its second organizational meeting Tuesday, April 4,7:30 p.m. in room 216 of Florida Gym. THE FOCUS of the club will be competition. Regular meetings will be held monthly. An open tournament will begin Saturday, April 8. The Badminton Club is just now beginning to get back on its feet. Securing proper facilities has been a stumbling block in the past. Organization for a full quarter of badminton is now underway. M.B. Chafin, 392-0580, is the club's advisor. ANOTHER GROUP just shifting into high gear is the girls' track club. The girls practice every afternoon, Monday through Thursday, at the Florida Track. A big meet is upcoming in May. Those interested should talk with Janice Thompson, 392-0594. A complete list of clubs, their meeting times and places will soon be published. Law League softball starts Wednesday. Salaried softball officials are still need.d. Sign up at the Intramural office. in his forte with a 50-10% leap. He also finished fourth in the long jump. Sprinter Nate Jenkins tookfourth place'in the 100 with a 10.0 tIming. Dave Herman tied for the fourth spot in the 440 intermediate hurdles. ANOTHER WEIGHT men 3764551 4222 NW 13th St. coning through for the Gators was John Courtney, who took fourth in the discus, heaving the sphere 1509. UFs 440 relay team finished fifth in a time of 42.5, which resulted from a faulty handoff. The Gats AM *ey qisrtet took third place in 3:13.5. The Gator tack team Is now prime for the R ebt Tuick Meet in Penscols and the Texas Relays in Austin, both which take place this weekend. "SMK n SAE STUDENT DOLLAR SPECIAL OURREGULAR 1.10 STEAKBURGER LUNCH ONE OF OUR DELICIOUS STEAK3URGERS ON TOASTED BUN SERVED WITH LIBERAL ORDER OF FRENCH FRIES AND YOUR CHOICE OF BAKED BEANS OR LETTUCE TOMATO SALAD WITH ANY 151 DRINK # 9 ONE DOLLAR (TAX PAIO) 0 WITTm m COUPON sis~~ STEAK n SHAKE 1610 SW 13th St --SAVE UP TO 50% With These Coupons All This Week AT CLYDE'S SUNOCO 2426 S.W. 13th St. (Next To Jerry's South) OIL CHANGE-UKE 4TIRmBALANCED &FaL 5-001 5.00 RECHARGE WBAUNiI A I RCON.N1 MROHERIw 5.00: 5.00 REBEL DISCOUNT SAVES YOU UP TO 50% EVERYDAY HEALTH & BEAUTY AIDS -FILM & PROCESSING -COSMETICS RECORDS -CARDS -SCHOOL SUPPLIES -SUNDRIES le*In. Cumti RECORDS BALSAM Q-Tips VAlu. ValueS Hair Conditioner Box of 2.99 3.88 $954 Don't buy records Anywhere ui M You Value V993 al Chedk Rebel DIscount PrIces.043t Vale All Cosmetics Vas.line Discounted Intensive Care Revlon Bonnie Bell Lotion 24 oz 10oz Max Factor Cliol $2.49' Value $1.19 Valuie Maybelline ----GO 00A im All Polaroid 16 UN4IV. AVUA cr comeID S Super Size COPE $2.05 Value oz. Size 'AME eam rinse $1.98 Value -sure. sos99d ON KODACOLOR FILM PROCESSING 30 cent 1 VALUE 154EA. 12 EXPOSURE ROLL OR CARTRIDGE DEVELOPED & PRNTED AT REBEL 4.75 VALUE $2.90 MOVIE A SLIDE PROCESSING 1.65 20 EXP. KODAOLOW INSTAMAMIC RMI 12 EXPOSURES EVERYDAY I 71 -M 
