
PAGE 1

independent IoridaU 1 eblvd y CaompUS Communicotons, Inc. GoneSvillieFlodK OE FL0o thursday L~ april, 1 c volume 73, no. Not 0off C Oly OsSoIoe ed e th the Universvty of Florida SG criticizes teaching methods *ocky Moretti gator Staff Writer )uring the first week of Winter quarter 10, students in an economics and business tistics class were shocked to discover that ir instructor could barely speak English. kfter several complaints from students, a n sat in on a class. The dean agreed with students that the instructor's tenuous sp of the English language made his leces incomprehensible. After one week, the cher was replaced. 'his incident, and others like it, are detailn a 104-page Student Government report ased Wednesday examining teaching hods, curriculum, academic advisement, liy making and the learning atmosphere Copies of the report -compiled during the last six months by SG education coordinator Bill Loiry and his staff -will be sent to state legislators, members of the Florida Cabinet and U.S. Congressmen in an attempt to educate policymakers about the problems in implementing higher education at UF, said Student Body President Doug Tuthill. Loiry said the report is significant because it represents the first time UF students have gotten so involved in criticizing the quality 'of their education. "It shows that the students involved in this project were not apathetic or cynical, but in fact worked very hard because they believed they could make a difference," Loiry said. Although it does not come to any conclusions, Loiry said he hopes the report -based on interviews with faculty members and almost 200 students -will provide a cornerstone for future discussion about the quality of a UF education. Regardless of whether it has the desired effect the report provided a unique forum for the airing of UF students' questions and complaints. One student complained in the report about the teaching method employed in one of his management classes. "In a particular video-replay class that I have, the students are so irritated with the incompetence of the professor that they are literally throwing things at the TV set before the end of the class. The professor's style is obviously an attempt at teaching until the hour runs out as opposed to teaching till the material exhausts itself," the student said. One girl told of being sexually harassed b% her instructor. "I went to a professor' office for extra credit help. He asked me to come in. He said. 'Well, you can go out to dinner with me.' I said, 'Well I can't do that.' He said. 'Well. I can't think of any other credit. I'm divorced. not married. Are you sure you don't want to go out to a movie or something?' I never did anything and he gave me a B. My roommate had the same average and she got a D." For the last 40 years, UF has been accredited every 10 sears by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools sacsS. Next year. SACS is scheduled to evaluate UF again. The report. doubtful of SACS' comS. "Report" next page sandy felsentho CARNIGRAS WORKERS WAIT OUT THE RAIN .by taking shelter under their tent Carnies: No green teeth, warts here By Jonathan SusskInd Alligator Staff Writer Everyone knows what carnival workers are like. right? They are all gross and ugly. with green teeth and fleainfested hair. The men are all fat and lecherous. The women have warts. Together. they scheme and connive and plot to rob innocent townsfolk of their hard-earned dollars. The games are all fixed. the food is horrible and the rides. well. ever one knows how dangerous they are. You take your life into % our hands when you go to a carnival. Right? Wrong. say the carnies of Johnny's United Shows. the operation currently encamped near Florida Field during the week of Carnigras. Those myths are dead wrong. and the 'll 31 go out of their way to prove it. Soo "Carni.s" page seventeen ioldst@in quitsboard Bushes area-bikeways lchaeeSzymanski ligator Staff Writer In the next quarter century, Gainesville Id become a sprawling mass of sixand ht-lane highways where pedestrians and Cyclists risk life and limb every time they to the grocery store. Or it could become a town where' almost eryone travels by bicycle or bus -on rets practically devoid of cars. In the next four months, 10 of the area's ding citizens are scheduled to adopt one of r plans outlining how Gainesville citizens. il he getting around town in the year 2005. All four plans will produce a "paved over" i with deadly intersections and bighorhoods isolated from others.by busy oughfares, says Mark Goldstein, a city canissioner long outspoken in this -adOcacy of bicycle and mass transit use. Ard Coldstein is so tired of *at On flee fellow commissioner of .i of his plans -which include a substantial increase in the number of bike paths and a ban on all streets six lanes or wider -that last night he stepped down from the most powerful local transportation post, chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Planning OrganizatioA. Goldstein is the local expert on transportation pfanning, but his hard-headedness in advocating bike paths and opposing freeways makes his contributions less effective, fellow board members say. Neverthelms, Goldstein plans to stick to his guns, he said. Even though he told transportation board members Wednesday night'that he-is calling it quits w ith the transportation board. Goldstein said he plans to keep presenting his: plans ;to city comimissioiirs until they arewillingtolisten. Goldstein said he.mnade the decision to quit after the transportation board -composed 4 :ity and caumty commissionc'rs -voted to epnsider our of seVemproposed transportation plans, only one of which included bics cle paths. City Commissioner Bobbie Lisle said Goldstein's attitude is unreasonable. "I think that his bulldog tenacity is the only thing that separates hin from the rest of the commission." Lisle said. "I real\ appreciate his aggressive attitude -he's done a lot for the board, but I don't think that otur philosophies are really much different.'' Goldstein disagreed. "The other commissioners could sa the\ are in favor of (bikeways). but overall it is their vote that counts and I am the only individual present who voted against (the four plans),. Goldstein said. The four plaits range from e'xtensis ( construction of six-lane roads to leaving cits roadways as these are. In retaliation to the transportation board's decision to consider onl t he four "ni magna t is and oringplans. Goldstein said he plans to pre'stit his osn proposals to the city cominfssionl Nlouuday night. Goldstein's plans include: -bannig all roads of six lanes or more: -substantial construction of bikeways. and o a req pairement that all highway s Is built with adjoining bike paths. Also scheduled for consideration Motday night is a proposal to narrows Thirteenth Street by one foot to allow for a wider bike path. Goldstein said he plans to support the idea. even though it means cars will ha% e on1I 11-foot-wide lanes to maneum er in. Cits Commissioner Courtland Collier said Goldstein is trying to force people to ride hics cles by taking away road space for cars. Collier maintains that many citizens do not want to ride bic' dles -particularly in the rain or on long trips -and that Goldstein is pushing too hard for bike paths. ''It is unintelligent to outlaw every possible solution to the transportation problems of Gainesville. I think that is what Mark Goldstein is doing when he proposes to ban all sixlane highway\ s in the c-its.'' Collier said. If enlarged roadway s criss-cross the cit. Goldstein said. people. will nosme out of the area. Ie said that people come to Gainesville to escape Jacksons ille. Tampa. Orlando. Miami and other cities that have become highwas-oriented because of state transportat ion department planing. He said the lack of highway s is not a 'throttle to growth.'' as Collier claims. Large roads would Ie planned around neighborhoods .md school ones. Collier S. "Blkeways" next page 0, R 

PAGE 2

2, alligator, thursday, april 3, 1980 Repor continued from page one petency, is requesting an investigation of SACS before they are allowed to begin the evacuation. Tuthill says SACS's evaluation is only "Superficial," and describes SACS as a "rubberstamp" organization. If an investigation of SACS indicated the association was incompetent, the report suggests that another comprehensive evaluation be implemented through other outside professionals. UF Academic Affairs Vice President Robert Bryan, said there are no organizations available to accredit UF other than SACS. "There is no other organization that can Ir. aueuna continued from page one said. But Goldstein fears that neighborhoods would become isolated, that urban sprawl would result and that the inner city community would die. Lisle agreed. She said six-lane highways would be nearly impossible to cross, but that the commission should wait to review the plans until the studies are conipleted in June. Lisle and Mayor-Commissioner Bill Howard said they would endorse reasonable resolutions on bikeways presented by Goldstein. Collier and Howard said they would oppose banning six-lane roads in Gainesville. Goldstein said people will begin to reject 100 years of technology that ignored cyclists and their needs as gasoline prices skyrocket. Howard said every commissioner is aware of the energy shortage and that the entire commission favors bikeways for the city. He said no commissioner is in favor of sixor eight-lane roads, but that all possibilities should be considered. Consultants with the CH2M Hill Company are scheduled to report in five months on city bike path needs. CH2M Project Manager Frank Groznik said the $35,000 study, funded by the state Department of Transportado it," Bryan said. "We are in the Southeast, and so we can't deal with the accrediting association from another area of the 'ountry." Bryan refused further comment on the report until he had time to read it. Loiry said that when an evaluation team visits UF next year, he hopes the report will pave the way for faculty and student involvement in the evaluation process. "It should be kept in mind that 88 percent of the students polled wanted to see Student Government involved in the development of a comprehensive evaluation, and 80 percent of the faculty polled wanted to see the faculty involved in the development," Loiry said. The.report, which was paid for out of student fees, cost $1,300. tion, will be completed with the help of local cyclists. Transportation department engineer W.H. Skinner said the department is not trying to push any one plan and that city commissioners may choose whichever plan they favor. North Florida Regional Planning Council member Jerry Weinstock said his agency will review the four alternatives chosen by the commissioners and present what the council agrees is the best alternative. The council is considering bikeways and other forms of mass transit in its computer study, a move Goldstein opposes. He said the planning council is deceiving the commission by putting bikers in the mass transit category because more people use bikes than mass transportation. According to past DOT reports, 1 percent of the people in Gainesville use mass transportation, 2 percent use Alachua County school buses and 3.5 percent use bicycles. While the other commissioners say they are supportive of Goldstein's intentions, he said they all have catered to the whims of the transportation department. Professor : bike future bright By Michael Szymanski Alligator Staff Writer UF*rofessor Kermit Sigmon has a dream about the future of bicycle transportation in Gainesville. And what's more, he has a plan for changing that dream into concrete reality. Co-chairman of the state Bicycle Advisory Committee, Sigmon believes providing accommodations for the future increase of bike travel in Gainesville can be achieved without great taxpayer expense. He wants to fit bikes into existing roadways in three ways: Taking away parking lanes that are minimally used and using them as bikeways-, vAdding four feet of pavement on the side of rural roads to provide a bike lane; *.Making roadways smaller to accommodate bikers. The Gainesville City Commission will vote Noreste, Admiselons August '0 applicants 4-year lully rogegmfd -establshed MeXcan Medical SchWul. with sver hundred American students e oled U5w Enwsh language Wteoks and exams ii Englsh Schol combines quality educanN. smN classes. experienced teachers. modrn i.l.lMes Y IUUEe 41 5.11. 1' WIllr -' BSS.ST64 on whether to decrease lane widths from 12 to II feet on 13th Street at the commission meeting Monday. If the road is resurfaced and re-striped with smaller lanes, there will be more space for bikers. Additional space for bikers would make it safer for everyone using the roads, Sigmon said. "Historically, bike accommodations were to aid school children, but it has evolved into adult biking and the city must prepare for additional biking," the professor said. Sigmon said more people will be biking as fuel becomes more and more scarce. "Why would the city commission increase roadways when the future of gas-powered vehicles is so bleak?" Sigmon asked. "Gainesville is the best in Florida, and we are pushing the need for bike transportation plans in other cities, but other states in the country like California lead the way in putting bike safety on the roads," Sigmon said. HEINEKEN $3.89 six pack THE WU~JE WAREHMSE Hours: Mon-Thurs 11-9 Fri, Sat 11-10 Sun 1-7 1518 NW 13th St. Gainesville, FL 378429 Iftwwwvv 

PAGE 3

ans "%sordnnruoy'prd~t~u UFF to bypass. Regents for faculty pay raises ay mallin glitator Staff Writer Frustrated by a Board of Regents they say is "paralyzed" Y a fear of losing its power, United Faculty of Florida oficials say they will bypass the body and work with -the islature, governor, and Cabinet to raise faculty pay. "It's clear that those people (the Regents) are not going to a anything" said Carl Bredahl, president of the union presenting 1,400 UF faculty members. "They make lots of oure but don't accomplish anything. We are not going to try o work through them." State UFF President Bob Hogner agreed, saying that the Regents are too busy worrying about whether they may be stripped of some of their power in the upcoming legislative session. "They are ultimately concerned with preservation of their own power rather than the needs of the State University System," said Hogner. The Regents could lose power under two proposals ,scheduled to go before the Legislature in the nexttwo months. One proposal which came out of a review of state higher education by the Post-Secondary Education Commission, would create a new board having power over all universities and community colleges in Florida. The other proposal, announced Wednesday by Gov. Bob Graham, would strengthen the powers of the Cabinet sitting as the state Board of Education. Since they have decided not to work through the Regents, UFF has drawn up a "shopping list" it will try to achieve by working with the governor and individual legislators. According to Hogner, UFF wants an across-the-board 4percent increase for all state employees, with an additional 14 percent for university faculty members. The faculty union also is pushing for $2 million to fund pay increases for faculty employed in specific programs. Hogner wants the union to be able to bargain which programs the money would go to so the $2 million will not become "another dean's slush fund." Finally, the union is asking for automatic cost-of-living wage increases. UF Administrative Affairs Vice President Robert Bryan said he could noftcomment on UFF positions since they might involve future collective bargaining disputes. While Hogner said UFF has been working with the governor's office on the faculty pay increases, Graham Wednesday recommended increases amounting to only 8 percent for university faculty. Charles Reed, Graham's Education Policy Coordinator, said he had not talked with UFF about the pay raise proposal. Hogner, however, said there still is a possibility Graham will change his position to agree with UFF on the raises. UFF also is taking a stand on the controversial issue of who will govern Florida's higher education system. Union officials said they would like to see post-secondary education in Florida ruled by a board of full-time elected officials which would oversee the universities, community colleges, and other state higher education institutions. UFF is opposed to the "superboard" proposed by the commission which would be made up of part-time appointed officials, because the proposed board "does not in any way meet the requirements which open up the decision making to the types of public review which are necessary," Hogner said. He said a proposal announced by Graham Wednesday. which would simply strengthen the Cabinet's role instead of creating a new board, is supported by the union. The governance issue is especially important to UFF because of their dissatisfaction with the Regents, whose bargaining agreements have sometimes been killed by the Legislature. Another legislative proposal the union is pushing is a change of their legal "public employer" -the Regents. Further down on UFF's shopping list are a number of other items, including: r-oIncreasing state limits on time and travel expenses professors may spend overseas, a move Hogner said would help anthropologists and others who must travel. "It's to insure faculty are not penalized for engaging in international work," he said. e"Requiring that professors' course loads be reduced if their work requires them to travel and work in several different places. One group to be helped by that, Hogner said, would be education professors who must drive to spend part of their time at public schools watching their students teach. "Administrators try totake that (time spent driving) out of employee's leisure time," Hogner said. c-Establishing a legal limit on the ratio of administrators to teachers at community colleges. GARY JUNIOR, (), MAYOR HOWARD both running for mayor-commissioner Howard, Junior By Michael Szymanski Alligator Staff Writer The only thing Mayor-commissioner Bill Howard and opponent Gary Junior agreed on at a political forum Wednesday was that they did not agree on anything. Howard, elected mayor in 1977, came to the Gainesville Jaycees luncheon with the intention of outlining similarities and differences between he and Junior, who served as commissioner from 1976 to 1979. By the end of the forum, both candidates decided there were no similarities between them except that they were both running for mayor-commissioner. While Junior accused the present mayor of being a "donothing commissioner who violates the Sunshine Law," Howard called his opponent "a disruptive liar whom only the people can stop." Junior, a 39 year-old businessman, said the mayor continuously violates the open meeting requirement of the Florida Sunshine law. Howard said he does not discuss his opinions with city officials so he could not be violating any law. If he became mavor-commissioner, Junior said he debate in forum would probably have his share of disagreements with the city management. But he said he has already had ''positive conversations" with City Manager Orville Powell, and believes he could work with the new manager. .Howard said he and Junior agreed that fire and police protection were top priorities and that lowering taxes and improving public transportation were important to both of them. While Howard supported a new police building as the most important priority for the city, Junior said the new building was unnecessary. "All you have to do is walk through our police building and see how inefficient it is for II police officers to use one room," Howard said. Junior said the problem with the city is that too many employees are hired. Junior, who said he was persuaded by 200 people to run against Howard, said that taxes did not increase while he was in office, but did during Howard's term. The mayor said the commission has decreased taxes every year, but tax assessments have increased more than the millage has decreased. "The one store that brings you the best of two worlds." 8kj Des &Amigni OpenMon-Sat 9AM-6"PM Evenings by Appt. Open Mon-Fri Professional Hair Care 5 PM -10PM (relaxers, braids, care Sat. 10AM -6 PM free curls, perms, ExpertTailoring wash & sets etc.) (Alterations, business or pleasure suits, gowns, Monday only dresses, swim suits etc. 25% discount Located in the Woolco on wash and sets. Shopping Center 2631 N.W. 13th St. For Appt. call 378-5631 ormer Gators Alvin Butler & Don Dixon welcome ow doyou make sure your customers and prospects are thinking about you? Your' products? Your service? The Alligator.reaching Lhem where their minds are 1717 An 1 1 1.0U-. MISMMH Mfv5DKIA m J~WdMMCAtLLi.10 In 4f i 0 W K I -k~ OINNT SPRING FILE GUITRRS LMT 5NLE Guitars are fully adjusted by Sobine Craftsmer> SUZUKI WK 1O $225. 5149. SUZUKIF100 166. 119. TAKAMINE 340S 279. 219. TAKAMINE 360S 329. 259. TAKAMINE 12 STRING 249. 199. GUILD D-25 430. 329. OVATION 1111 415. 31 RMP5-PR PEAVEY PA100 249. 15. PEAVEY XR500 425. 319. BACKSTAGE 30 139. 95. 212 CLASSIC 399. 299. PEAVEY 900 MIXER 499. 329. MICROPHONES Mierphones, compete w.cbte SHURE PE 57 57. 29.95 SHURE PE 515 79.75 44.95 AUDIO TECHNICA 812 160. 89. AUDIO TECHNICA 816 (STEREO PAIR) 100. 54. SABINE 505 NWl3th St. MUSIC cENTER 373-6396 11 VW4uriwyuj I 

PAGE 4

4. Glligoto, thursday, oril 3, 1980 worldwide 102 people hurt in train accident LAKEVIEW, N.C. -An Amtrak train bound from Florida to New York with 330 persons aboard overshot a stop signal Wednesday and was hit head-on by a freight that was trying to get onto a siding. There were no fatalities, but 102 were hurt. The passenger train, Amtrak's Silver Star, had just rounded a bend and had come to a halt when the accident happened at 7:35 a.m. EST in a pine-studded rural area about 50 miles south of Raleigh. Seaboard Coastline officials, which supplied the crews for both trains, said the passenger train was about three quarters of a mile beyond the point where it should have stopped to give the freight rolling room to get onto the siding. The dining car aboard the Silver Star was doing a brisk breakfast business at the time of the collision and many of those hurt were persons thrown across tables or burned with hot food. Mount St. Helens' Quake at strongest VANCOUVER, Wash. Mount St. Helens, its usually snow-white slopes now scarred by craters, mudslides and falling ash from its week-long eruption, shuddered Wednesday in the strongest earthquake yet from molten lava 'Death's Angel' indicted LAS VEGAS, Nev. -A nignt nurse was ondicted on charges of murder Wednesday by a grand jury investigating reports a nurse nicknamed "Death's Angel" tampered with the life support equipment of patients in an intensive care unit of Nevada's largest private hospital. Nurse Jani Adams, 32, a former English teacher in South Carolina, was charged with "reducing the concentration of oxygen being supplied" to a liver patient which caused his death. The patient, Vincent Fraser, 51, had been hospitalized two months when he died at Sunrise Hospital March 3 in the West Respiratory Intensive Care Unit. Mrs. Adams was the midnight charge nurse on the shift. District Attorney Bob Miller said the trial jury would have to determine any motive in the case. He refused to speculate. Police and county investigators launched a probe into a series of deaths at the 666-bed Sunrise Hospital early last month but ultimately concentrated only on the deaths of Fraser and Marian Bartlett, an 85-year-old accident victim. The grand jury returned a "no bill" in the Bartlett death, meaning there was insufficient evidence to show any wrongdoing. Mrs. Bartlett died the day before Fraser in the same intensive care unit, Miller said. Both died on the midnight shift. The investigation began a month ago when a nurse told police of a bizarre conversation she overheard in which two workers referred to a nurse they called "Death's Angel" and predicted the person and approximate time the next patient would die. The grand jury heard testimony from 22 witnesses, 20 of whom were associated with Sunrise Hospital. The county coroner andl Fraser's widow were the other two witnesses -, rumbling inside the mountain. Scientists said the everincreasing magnitude of the quakes have ominous implications for a violent lava eruption from the 9,677-foot peak. Ash from the volcano spread wide over the Northwest leaving towns as far as 300 miles to the. east dusted with abrasive grit. Pressure boiled up inside as the mountain continued to swell its base and earthquakes rattling the volcano were less frequent but stronger. The largest tremor yet, measuring 4.8 on the open-ended Richter scale, shook the volcano at 1:30 a.m. The previous high shakers, measuring 4.7, occurred at least three times on Tuesday. Carter makes law Windtall Profits tax WASHINGTON -President Carter Wednesday signed the near year-old $227.7 billion oil Windfall Profits tax, hailing it as "a vitory for every American citizen." The oil industry disagreed. Carter said at special White House ceremonies the keystone of our energy policy is in place at last." Banks raise rates for loans to 20% NEW YORK -The prime rate on large bank loans reached 20 percent Wednesday, an unprecedented level squeezing both consumer and business borrowing but still short of the expected peak in interest rates. The increase from the prevailing 19 1/2 percent rate adopted Friday was the 12th by banks this year. The prime was 15 1/2 in February and now standsat double the 10 percent rate charged in late 1978. Anderson says he's still in race PHILADELPHIA -Rep. John Anderson said Wednesday he will continue to seek the Republican presidential nomination and has no present intention of becoming a third-party candidate despite a disappointing defeat in Wisconsin. "The status is about what I've said it is," the Illinois congressman said at a news conference. "I was disappointed. I wanted to do better. But I told you this morning in Chicago, as I tell you this afternoon, that I still intend to pursue the Republican nomination." But when asked about a possible independent candidacy, Anderson said: "I don't foreclose any option." He also announced he intends to challenge Republican frontrunner Ronald Reagan to a debate in advance of the Indiana primary May 6 when he and Reagan will be the only names on the GOP ballot. Foreign newsmen threatened by Junta SAN SALVADOR, EL SALVADOR -Newsmen 'who are covering El Salvador's turmoil have found the country's OWN ruling junta is them. On Tuesday nigt, "soldiers opened fire with machine guns on four television journalists, w two of the journalists. Several foreign co have received death threats, have been taken away by gunmen, and some have back to the Camino Real Hotd, the foreign press headquarteM find their doors ajar. Hostage talks take Easter break BOGOTA, COLOMBIA -Th shortest ransom talks to date bet. ween the government and leftiht guerrillas holding 27 hostages in, the Dominican Embassy ended after less -than 45 minut.n Wednesday and it appeared no further negotiations would be held until after Easter. For the first time in the 36-day siege, hostage Peruvian Consul Alfredo Tejeda, and not the Mex. ican ambassador, accompanied a hooded woman guerrilla known as "officer no. 9" as observer to the talks in a cream-colored van parked outside the embassy. Hearings open on asbestos bill TALLAHASSEE -The House Insurance Committee opened hearings Wednesday on a bill giving the state fire marshal the power to remove cancer-causing asbestos from private buildings frequented by the public. The proposal will win approval in the next week or two. It empowers the fire marshal's office to test for dangerous exposure of asbestos in public buildings and private structures including private schools, restaurants and businesses and order any necessary corrective action. Couples speak against tax laws WASHINGTON -A congressional committee was told Wednesday the family that stays together pays together. Couples who have divorced rather than pay higher taxes testified before the house taxwriting committee that IRS laws make marriage an uneconomical choice for many working coupeUnder current tax laws, twO people earning approximately the same amount end up paying nore than if they just lived together and filed separate returns. Weather There isa70% chance of rain to day with a chance of thunderorns. The high is e%peetd to he in the mid-70s (23-24 C) and*a low near 60 (16 C). Skim shmaki be esagt byFriday. 

PAGE 5

BECOME A LAWYER'S ASSISTANT. @Program approved by American Bar Association. Day or Evening classes available. e Employment assistance. A Representative from The National Center for Paralegal Training's Lawye s Assistant Program will be on campus on Wednesday. Dec.5, from 900am. -400 pm. at Me Placement Off ce to meet interested students. For more information contact the Placement Office or The National Center for Paralegal Training, 3376 PeachtreO Road, NE, Suite 430 Atlanta Georgia 30326, (404) 266-1060, Please send me information about a career as a .lawyers "ssstant Address ---City --_State -Zip Phone-Colege Yr Grad_ SPRING DAY ElSUMMER DAY D FALL DAY Feb 11May 9 June 12 -Sept. 9 Sept. 18 -Dec 16 []SPRING EVE FALL EVE March 18 -Sept. 20 Oct. 21 -May 9 THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR PARALEGAL TRAINING 3376 Peachtree Rd., NE Atlanta, Ga. 30326 404/266-1060 )I JOin Up Today! 3774O348 g Sports & Courts 1436 SW 13th St. The Most ExC-it Club iGaiissvlh S6Air Conditioned Rocquetball Handball Courts 0 Glass-Wall Tournament Court 0 Separate Men's and Women's Locker Rooms Il-Person Whirlpool 10-Station Nautilus Exercise System Complete Pro Shop Restaurant Lounge & Oyster Bar .Saunas 6-Foot TV Screen a COURT TIME 3. 00 HOUR $10 OFWF Membership Fee With This Cou Expiration Date -6-80 4 PowelL says 'Wait Ond see on, racial issue SyMlh Si'Wronnun Alligator Mali Writer 1 Though Gainesville City Manager Orville Powell said he is taking a "wait and see" approach to charges of racial discrimination in the Gainesville Police Department, one black city commissioner said Wednesday "It's time we put the issue to rest." Powell said Wednesday he Would wait for a report from the department's Promotional Review Committee before commenting on charges that the department's promotional procedure is discriminatory toward its black officers. That committee, which is expected to make its final recommendations Friday to Chief Joe Bason, was formed last fall after allegations of discrimination first surfaced. Those charges, first made by black officers in late August, include claims that: &.The department's promotional procedures are invalidated; sThe evaluation and oral board procedures appear to lack clarity; e'-Disciplinary procedures and actions appear to be issued' inconsistently; PoBlack officers were being subjected to name-calling and general harassment by superiors and other white officers. Those and other charges were registered again one month ago when 13 black community leaders sent Powell a letter outlining their concerns. Those leaders -including local NAACP President Dr. Joyce Cosby and former NAACP President Rev. Thomas Wright -received a reply from Powell, who addressed his response to Alachua County School Board member Charles Chestnut. Powell wrote that "The use of racial slurs surfaces in every walk of life," and said the department has reissued a stanCITY MANAGER ORVILLE POWELL .will wait for panel's report before commenting ding order prohibiting such language, with violators subject to disciplinary action. With the exception of the promotional procedure questions, a point he withheld comment on, Powell denied all of the remaining allegations outlined in the letter he had received. Claims that the attitudes, morals and motivation of the black officers have declined because of the alleged discrimination, were not responded to in the letter. Powell declined to comment Wednesday. City Commissioner Aaron Green said "The city management. ..wants to put the issue to bed." Though he said he knows of nothing definite, Green said he expects to be hearing more on the matter "in a few days." Chestnut, who had presented the community leaders' letter to Powell, said the response was "fairly decent." "But there are still a couple of areas where he (Powell) tends to be expressing something I have been disagreeing with," he said. By Regina Jackson Alligator Staff Writer A day before the scheduled investigation of charges that UF attorneys violated Affirmative Action guidelines in hiring Rob Denson,the lawyers had a champagne celebration of Denson's entrance into the Florida Bar. UF attorneys drank champagne and ate carrot cake at Tigert Hall Wednesday morning in honor of Denson's successful completion of the third and final part of the Bar exam. A hearing on charges that Denson's non-membership to the Bar led to violations of Affirmative Action guidelines was scheduled to begin today, but was postponed indefiniteRock'satbest ~~, A just ppur Comfort' over ice, and sip it, It's smooth. Mellow. Delics. No wonder S 'it's s~oua ronthe-rks. Fantastic solo. great in combo with cola, 7UP, fruit ices, milk, too. Nothing's so deqliious asComfort" on-the-rocks! sou fy FORT CORPO&ATION. 80iO PROOF L IOUEUR. SX t OUIS, MO 63132 IV, The Affirmative Action Advisory Council, which initiated the investigation, still has not chosen an attorney to represent its interest. UF President Robert Marston appointed an independent attorney from the Florida Division of Administration Hearings in Tallahassee to investigate the charges that UF Attorney Tom Biggs violated the guidelines when he hired Denson Dec. 26. In January, three UF groups -the Affirmative Action Advisory Committee, the t'aucus of Black Faculty and ihe UF Committee on the Status of Women -charged that Biggs passed over more qi lified minorities and women when he hired the former UT Atudent Conduct officer. Denson celebrates entrance to Fla. Bar qk BEAU TY CONTEST ON WHEELS April 5, 1980 at Sensation Basin sponsored by ROAD ROLLERS Sensation L isin, & U.F. Scuba Club -.Entry Fee $300 in $.5 prizes to be givenTickets.75 away at the door For Motion coil I Row. r I I 

PAGE 6

alligator, thursday, april 3, 1960 Honor Court races. urn non-partisan Starting this year, the 23 Honor Court positions will be non-partisan. Honor Court Chief Justice Rick Custureri said the decision to make the positions non-partisan was made because it was felt the wrong type of candidates were running for the court. "People would run for honor court because there were no more senate seats available on the party they wanted to run with,. Custureri said. Making the honor court non-partisan, however, has created its own problems. Because most students who run for honor court do so after first trying to get on a party slate, Custureri said there is a shortage of independent candidates running in the election. sanay TeIsentnI Motorcyclist, car collide on rain-slick University Ave. A motorcyclist collided head-on with a 1979 Malibu Classic last night about 8 p.m. at the rain-slick intersection of West University and N.W. 17th St. Ralph E. Stayer. Jr., 20, of 1700 S.W. 16th Court, was traveling west on West University. He ran a yellow light and slid about 50 feet, stopping underneath the automobile, which was attempting a left turn into Hardee Plaza, an eyewitness said. Stayer was going too fast for the wet road conditions, the eyewitness said. The car had to be lifted off the victim and a rescue unit of eight paramedics prepared him for transportation to Shands Teaching Hospital, where he was listed in critical condition late Wednesday night while doctors were "working like crazy" to treat him. Student senators must amend budget The $630,000 Student Senate budget was Although the budget falls $118,000 short presented at Tuesday night's senate meeting, of fulfilling requests made by various groups for funding, Budget and Finance Chairman leaving members until 5 p.m. Friday to offer Pierre Pons said he does not foresee any maamendments. jor problems in having the budget passed. 0 0 11:00 AM EASTER SUNDAY APRIL 6TH Due to rapid growth in attendance in recent months, the Maranatha Center has outgrown its present facilities. We will be holding our Easter Sunday service on the Second Floor of the Holiday Inn-Corner of University and 13th Street. finturing TRADITIONAL HEBREW DANCING durumg me wrhin .ith *weclg q BOB WEINER Foundfwad Dawtor of MrWwtha M kmri, Intl. and alfto fetug PAULO BRITO NWw m A*AfrhM Rio dJAirno, baW7 EVERYONE ED!j HARDBACK: Ewa cowul MIN % amau m13% IieipMw-ieSs mxv'ma'-w .In-Class.* -_With Class Shoes leotards and tig for dance, gymna',tic sexer( swtim or just (-astal U(Oa by Capezio and Darn Classi style, and stylesuith at Gainesville's Comn Danceitear Store And Mo DRNCEI -For"ewDauer. MeCr*Al 375-7933 1" a igh hire. *** ** *.~ Spin A Yarn WITH STUDENT AIDS THESAURUS WEBSTER'S COLLEGIATE THESAURUS (MERRIAM-WEBSTER) THE NEW ROGET'S THESAURUS IN DICTIONARY FORM (PUTNAM) THE ORIGINAL ROGET'S THESAURUS OF ENGLISH WORDS AND PHRASES (ST MARTINS) THE DOUBLEDAY ROGET'S THESAURUS IN DICTIONARY FORM (DOUBLEDAY) THE INTERNATIONAL THESAURUS OF QUOTATIONS (CROWELL) ROGET'S INTERNATIONAL THESAURUS (CROWELL) PAPERBACK WEBSTER'S NEW WORLD THESAURUS (WORLD) ROGET'S COLLEGE THESAURUS (N.A.L.) THE NEW ROGET'S THESAURUS IN DICTIONARY FORM (BERKELEY) ROGET'S POCKET THESAURUS (SIMON & SCHUSTER) WEBSTER NEW WORLD THESAURUS (POPULAR) I0 SCHAUM'S SIMON & SCHUSTER OUTLINES MONARCH CLIFF'S QUANTUM COLLEGE OUTLINES FOR ENGLISH AND FOREIGN LANGUAGES BARRON'S 201 AND 501 VERBS:' CHINESE, GERMAN, ITALIAN, LATIN, RUSSIAN, PORTUGUESE, HEBREW, SPANISH, FRENCH, JAPANESE VOCABULARY CARDS: ENGLISH, FRENCH, GERMAN, GREEK, ITALIAN, LATIN, RUSSIAN, SPANISH, SPELLING COMPACT FACTS: GRAMMER, VERBS, CONVERSATNr ENGLISH, FRENCH, GERMAN, RUSSIAN, SPANISH RECORDS AND CASSETTES COURSES: ENGLISH, FRENCH, GERMAN, ITALIAN, JAPANESE, SPANISH, SWAHILI. ECampus So 5U1& Boktn in the Hub 392-0194 Weekdays 8-7, Sa A2rd 12 w jormpLlu ffmj Erm."wa"Op 

PAGE 7

ENCHANTED FLORIST 2010 NW 6th St. 375-8850 Easter:April6 ma~e spcimlyfo dwOLOSIM.II m cr~U onicer% .,3.* ..,.I. In. .rserra peeleo .ddio. o lkierhe.or hoks&alli.A~nd its new1. Is riesof roecrtthte. importedKeepsake ries offered eornicseit irominoeFnower Vale shop. Order an luier Keepsake aorremrf for vour iriendsad isas Nt $16095 For Your Easter Bunny!! Sand Dollar Necklaces One of the most widely known and popular of all shells, the Sand Dollar has a pretty legend attached to it. Legend has it that these strange shells tell the story of Christ's suffering and his glory The five holes represent the five wounds of Christ. On the front the Easter Lily-its center, a five pointed star representing the Star of Bethlehem which led the shepards from afar. On the back the outline of the Christmas Poinsettia reminds us of His birthday When the sheois broken open, five Doves of Peace and Good Will appear. Because of this religious legend, this fascinating creature of the sea is often referred to as the Holy Ghost shell. In 24K Gold Vermell Avafiable In Two Sizes: From $2800 includes Chain) The Oaks in the Oaks Maii eMasieesCharge-Visa 373-5337 ChaWelAcomns eKeepsake J Diamond Gallery L-OOMIAjC i'o. P A A W ,I*,? AF~iy my ~'1 -.-------, ------------.--------I N o For Easter Enchanted Florist presents an Easter Keepsake Give aSmik and fM this Easter. T1w FMas kemnobt ailator. thursday, opril 3, 1980, 3 remove By Regin Jecion Alligator Staff Writer UF safety officials have developed a list of protective clothing to be used by Physical Plant employees who soon may be removing cancer-causing materials from at least five campus buildings. Funds for removing asbestos from the buildings may be appropriated in the upcoming legislative session, UF Environmental Health and Safety Director Billy Dunavant said. Dunavant said Gov. Bob Graham's interest in asbestos may prompt the Legislature to approve a request for money to remove the asbestos from state-owned buildings. A report on asbestos -initiated at the request of Graham -revealed the carcinogenic mineral is used for insulating Matherly and Anderson Halls, the campus laundry, six rooms in the J. Hillis Miller Health Center and the Florida State Museum roo "We have already been removing small amounts from other areas around campus," Dunavant said. Removal of asbestos in the buildings cited depends on getting funds from the Legislature," he said. Administrative Affairs Vice President William Elmore, who is responsible for reCornigros workers use dorm showers Private UF dormitory showers were turned into public bathhouses by three Carnigras workers late Tuesday afternoon, UF police reported. According to police, three medium-height men in their twenties and looking "very dirty" entered the second floor of Yon Hall and used the athletic dormitory's showers. The men refused to leave after being asked ARE YOU L4DOIiAIG FrDO AN OAI/ZATION YOU CAN M~tbY W411YOUj9M STILL IM ICDLLC%0.? 'I to by Kenzie Jones, a UF employee. Jones called UPD, but the men had left by the time police arrived. "The police said they would be in touch with Carnigras owners and tell them this is a private dorm," Jones said. "We want to keep the transients out of here." Nothing was reported stolen by dormitory residents, ones said. TUEANi UNCLE bI WNT$ YOUP POA OE.A.TA UPSLOAMgS was T oQ5r It rU4AN IA BOOT C.AMrP UF plans toasbestos frc Arg YOU .0A/NCY rOR G~q P0Db MANI /I vm buildings questing money from the Legislature to remove the asbestos, was unavailable for comment. Dunavant said, "None of it (the asbestos) is friable (dangerous) material or in areas occupied by individuals." Friable asbestos is flakes or ashes that can be inhaled. Research has shown a positive link between inhaling asbestos and cancer. The Environmental Safety Office is responsible for monitoring the removal of the asbestos without endangering the people working in the buildings, Dunavant said. He said most of the material in the five buildings can be removed by encasing the areas with plastic and wetting the asbestos before removing it. Dunavant said he has also sent a list of preventive measures and protective clothing to physical plant workers who may be involved in removing asbestos from campus buildings. Over the years builders have used asbestos substitutes, not necessarily for safety reasons. but because they were more economical, Dunavant said. Asbestos was also removed from some other buildings when repairs were made, Dunavantsaid. "If it had to be cut into, we had them remove it all and replace it with asbestos-like materials," Dunavant said. 

PAGE 8

S.aotow thursd", aiprl 3r, 1990 0S oP-oA Turning off UF needs an open-window policy. With energy bills running more than $790,000 more than UF administrators budgeted for the year, campuswide energy consumption must be cut. Voluntary measures to reduce energy consumption usually work only in dire circumstances. But we think CF students will find themselves in the most dire circumstances of all if they do not take part in helping cut campus energy consumption. The alternative is to leave UF administrators to do the budget shuffle. Already administrators are shifting money from budgets earmarked for much-needed equipment purchases. Unused salary money that could be used to hire more and better professors also is being diverted to help pay soaring utility bills. Granted, UF officials have made efforts to reduce utility bills, such as cutting employee lunch breaks to a half hour. Possible energysaving policies for summer quarter include, not scheduling classes in buildings cooled by window air conditioning units and clustering classes into fewer buildings to cut air conditioning costs. Officials, however, have ignored a guaranteed energy-saver. Turning off the air conditioners and opening the windows in campus buildings is a sure way to slash utility bills. UF officials conspicuously have left this option out of energy-saving plans to date and even prohibit open windows in some buildings on campus. One freshman w'so lived in Beaty Towers last year said she would be more than willing to turn off the air in her dorm room except for "a $5 fine if I open my windows." Fining students for saving energy is a bit absurd, especially now that administrators have reached the point of paying utility bills with money that could be used to hire more professors. What would Aristotle have said about an obsession with creature comforts that keeps money going into utility bills instead of into students' education? Somehow the ancient scholar managed to learn and teach without air conditioning, teaching outdoors much of the time. While we would not suggest holding 300student lecture classes on campus lawns, we would suggest turning off air conditioners in classrooms that, unlike chemistry labs and rooms with special needs, do not need to be air conditioned. Many students in college today went through elementary school in sunlit classrooms with wide-open windows. We could learn to learn under those same conditions again -especially if unused salary money were used for more and better professors. Another obvious, but also ignored, energysaving possibility lies in UF's own solar energy program. Administrators have not exploited the energy-saving potential in converting many campus buildings to solar power and, in fact, have insisted on building space-age-designed buildings with no windows or windows that do not open. Administrators have come up with a few good ideas in their efforts to save energy. Their ideas, however, leave sacrifice and imagination out of the energy-saving picture although sacrifice and imagination are c-ucial to the success of any program to reduce energy consumption. The choice should be left to students. We think students would rather sacrifice comfort than sacrifice knowledge. "-4' 2V College Bowl Players win commendation Editor: As the coordinator of the UF College Bowl Program, I would like to take the opportunity to publicly commend the members of the UF varsity team and inform the community of their "heroics" as representatives of the students of UF. The final eight players, selected from more than 500 competitors (which makes UF one of the largest schools in the natin in terms of College Bowl participation) -team captain Nick Trusewitsch, Frank Gonynor, Jim Bailey, Rick Cimerman, Jeff Hoffman, Wesley Elsberry, Scott Blachowicz, and Karen Stroh -avenged last year's loss in a faculty challenge match in mid-February. Despite the balance of the faculty teakt -librarian Dolores Jenkins, nuclear engineering professor Ed Carroll, English professor Ron Carpenter, and broadcasting professor Howard Pactor -the students pulled off a stunning 300-215 victory to confirm their worthiness to represent UF. Although the squad was unsuccessful in its attempt to win the regional tournament last month, they finished with a record of 11-5, led by Trusewitsch, who had been named as an all-star in an earlier tournament atGeorgia Tech. As representatives of UF, the Varsity College Bowl team deserves a lot more credit and praise than most people are willing to give for both ability and dedication. That especially includes Dolores Jenkins, who volunteered her time, service and seemingly infinite wisdom as the coach of the team. Everyone involved this year iin completing the many matches and coordinating the program, including former campus coordinator Mark Timmes and assiistant program director Alan Collier, can take credit for helping get the college Bowl program off the ground here at UF. Hopefully enough students and staff members will support College Bowl to keep the program flying high for many years. With our resources UF should be able to establish a regional and national reputation in College Bowl in the very near future. Warren Repole UF College Bowl Coordinator Road expansion threatens bikes Editor: I wonder how many readers of The Alligator are aware of the expansion of 34th Street into a six-lane roadway. The six-lane roadway was approved by the Gainesville UrM. .gb. M E N -t o EdgoCndy Spenc Monagmese c~t News diot Bn y Kei Newil"Mlr:OwwAcpher Bonus News Idio elen MeCkwe Openmons Editor: PaKckConnolly PM Edict:Kiu Corhson Insd.Edgsar Dane Julin Spsa IdiodAhrchow s eredgo -~utMa:Jom Uyd-W eE&usDNdogerts Ati Dueclov .mu. Copwlw W EIir Judy Goodlrmend Gene1l Manag: C.E. oebe Adminestraptk: Mrs.Evelyn Best Sn= Mnag": H "ry Monvideo Adwerhung Dwwkw: tFed Benson OpertionsMonages: Guy R Hudspetlh Cstud Maoer An.Jensen P'rod oSuPevr: oLee Herring Producton upevisor DonaldHokroo Bookkgepe:Shirley Pondeater C&e&tManage :SobHood P1iesed by Campus Communications, Inc. P.O. a. lI Universiy Station. Goinesville, Florida. Ofe e.ind sI .CofNe kin.72 est. University Ave. Classified Me-e't,,, p 644kS RetallDisplay Adverttsng: lhwaeiet P3?6-*4 Pniducto.m3-9m2; &sinem Offk@: ban Area Transportation Study (GUATS) in 1976. The plan was part of an overall expansion prga for the city Of Gainesville with a target date of 1995. The proposed plan was approved by the Florida Department of Transportation (DOT). The over-all GUATS plan will be updated but this update will not affect this particular project. There was suggested last fall th t afour-lane roadway be built instead of the six. Howe*r, DOT plans had already been drawn up and did not want to take the time to alter them! So, the contract stood as it was. The roadway that-willbe beift.w iltsave three 12-foOt lanes on each side. There is a slight posibility of the road be ing striped for four-lanes wthl.bsing on the outsideThis area covers from Archer1ld lo gh toNW 5th Avenue The road will be constructed on. m e rights-of-way have all been waived including U Fts-' People! What happens to bing between UF and Creekside Mall? Much es cr gsjj hin_ to get to class. Imagine the noise outside ye aptrmnt during construct tion much less, afterwards. Contact your commknie d t ow you care! Can you watch as your bIkep&tiA ue pert of a highway and all those trees get cut down Karen LU 3UF 

PAGE 9

Idltor: Recently my wife and I visited a friend who-had been incarcerated. As we left the facility, the following te was affixed to the windshield of our car. Although I do know the author personally, I would like to share the let's contents with your readers since I was deeply touched the condition of some of the forlorn creatures I saw that The letter reads as follows: Sin the Spenkelink case, there has been heightened in't in the issue of the death penalty. Admittedly, I am ilerate and I cannot comprehend all the pros and cons on subject. On the other hand, I have had extensive training newspapers that has taught me how and when to express ysel. At the same time, I also developed a certain nose for news. Recently I noticed that some inmates have been granted lays in their death sentences. Without embarking on a scussion of the merits of their cases, I would like to comre theirsituations with my own. Seeing a man convicted of murder have his death sentence coked and knowing that although I have committed no pital offense, I may be kied within the week, I ought I'd go public with my story. I had ruff, ruff beginnings that have hounded me all of my e. My parents were not well-bred. Reliable sources tell me at my mother was a real bitch. I was the product of an planned pregnancy and I was abandoned in the first weeks of ife. Luckily, I was adopted by a family shortly thereafter. Like any of this generation, my new family was very perissive. They would let me run uncontrollably through the ighborhood. They never taught me to respect private pro. rty. They didn't even mind if I ran wild in the street, at great risk to myself and motorists alike. It never occurred to my family to confine me to our-place. ou might say they unleashed me on the public. As I grew older, I got even less assistance from my family. hey weren't able to anticipate or comprehend my behavior motives. As I began to experience the normal adolescent drives, I new that I might get into trouble if I didn't receive some orm of birth control, But raising the issue at home waR equivalent to barking up he wrong tree. They interpreted these initial flings as pure uppy love. As a result, I tragically fathered several unanted and unloved offspring. And, I rejected and abandonthem just as my parents had done to me. Last week, I ran away from home, took up begging, got aught, and was put behind these bars. Notice that I commited no capital crime (even my guards acknowledge this). onetheless, justice being what it is for me and others of my reed, Iwill be executed within one week unless certain pars comeforth. One final comment. The recent goings-on in New Mexico ve again focused attention on prison conditions. Let me Idealistic Carter ltaet President Carter seems to be preoccupied with the 'fuatin in Iran Is ths why he isn't campaigning? Or is this hatewould like America to believe? Carter wouldn't like the country to remember that before United States embassy takeover he had a negative perfnance rating in the polls, even below Nixon's lowest ting. Now the polls are drastically different. Why is erica rallying around a weak, troubled president? America, wake up Garter is reminiscent of Hoover. Inac'on abes Carter, as an idealist, is out of touch with the natnandwrld Letters Policy Letiersmust: metyped, signed, dh 006 W Not n xo S Novedsignedm W m l td, P -sft lia" r--m esand 16aa Numeswill be wihhmidglst teus. The edtso ee~g .g~ ee be emiddirlo t l "k"" Any writer a regIgvo eb u a i l editeeme 0-5,,,. m tell you about my biggest bone of contention. from the community, and yet the roadside signs give little Here I nit, virtually condemned to death without the clue as to its actual location. You would almost have to be a benefit of a lawyer or proper judicial proceedings -unless bloodhound to get here.e certain people (they know who they are!) come forward. So, as a last resort, I have sought to publicize my ease Now I know that these people have other major obligations, through the media. But they, ton, have relatively ignored our but conceivably they could get on my case this weekend. plight out here. They spend so much space on the hardened criminals and Yet, this facility (which claims to the public that its major their lengthy (and, often successful!) legal battles while comgoal into rehabilitate) is only open until noon on Saturday. It paratively little print is devoted to situations like mine is closed the remainder of the weekend -probably the only where once incarcerated, I can be summarily executed time available for certain parties to save my life. within one week. That would bea dog-gone shame And yet, I fail to see the newsmen and protestors at the My goodness, even harsher penal institutions permit visitaAnimal Shelter gate, tion on Saturdays and Sundays. But then, I have other grounds to question the sincerity of the politicians responsiA. Basset, via ble for my fate. For example, this place is relatively isolated .Stephen E. Landay, M.D. out of touch with the nation, world United States foreign policy displays Carter's difficulty in the status quo. The Soviet brigade now is having combat understanding the world. Carter condemned the Soviet maneuvers. Union for invading Afghanistan, calling for a grain emThe crisis in Iran continues. Carter cries out for human bargo. The grain embargo will cost the taxpayers, not the rights around the world, yet the United States supported the Soviet& oppressive regime of the Shah. Can Carter understand President Zia of Pakistan refusing Carter can't apologize for our hypocritical foreign policy, $400 million in aid, calling it "peanuts"? This was a big but this is really all Iran wants. I don't support the takeover, blow to our international prestige, as was the blunder supbut Iran would be much more willing to release the hostages porting the U.N. resolution. If the vote wasn't a mistake, if the United States came out and said that it wouldn't screw Carter merely flip-flopped on the issue when public opinion around with their country. against the resolution was felt. And what about the Soviet brigade in Cuba? When Carter Ira Perkel first found out about it he said that it wouldn't be treated as 4LS university avenue by virginia copeland %*VL -Pr T-5 E OEw U I lowlgoo tlanorp41 3, q W, Does someone .;wont that doggy.bhidbas 

PAGE 10

1.'lligator, thursdriy, apriO-,'1980 This page paid for at usual advertising rates. I Deadline For Drop-Add Fri., Fees Due Mon. The deadline for students to submit spring quarter drop-add cards to the Registrar's Office, Tigert Hall basement,4 is 4 p.m. Friday. The deadline to pay fees is Monday. Students who have not paid fees or madeI arrangements for deferments by MondayI will be assessed a $25 late fee. Students can pay fees in person at theI Hub from 9 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. today, FridayI and Monday. Or to avoid line-standing, students can place fee payments in the drop box at the north end of the Hub or in the mail. Fee payments in the box, or those postmarked, by midnight Monday will be considered on time. Use of the drop box or mail requires checks or money orders; cash is not acceptable. Students who have been assigned financial aid pick-up appointments after the Monday fee payment deadline will automatically have their fees deferred to the day of their appointment. Fulbright Award Deadlines Soon Faculty members interested in applying for participation in the 198142, FulbrightHays awards for university lecturing and advanced research abroad should direct applications and inquiries to the Council for International Exchange of Scholars, Eleven Dupont Circle, Washington, D.C. 20036. The deadline for applications for Latin America, Australia and New Zealand is June 1; deadline for Africa, Asia and Europe applications is July 1. Each year appoximately 500 lecturing and research opportunities for Americans in 90 countries are awarded. The program also sponsors visiting scholars from abroad who are interested in lecturing and research in the U.S. Campus departments interested in the possibility of having a foreign scholar lecture or research can also obtain information at the address indicated above. The UF campus advisor for the Fulbright program is Dr. Hunt Davis, 392-2183. African Fiber Crafts at Grinter Fiber crafts from two African nations, Nigeria and Zambia, are on display through April 14 in the Grinter Gallery. The exhibit, including weaving, hasketry, embroidery, applique, mat-making and dyed crafts, is presented in conjunction with the African Literature Association Conference April 9 -12 at UF. The conference is expected to attract writers and scholars from around the world. Robin Poynor, art historian and expert on Africa, is guest curator for the exhibition. Poynor has published several articles on fiber traditions and the social significance of traditional textiles among the Yoruba people of Nigeria. The Grinter Galleries, in Grinter Hall, are open from 9 a.m. -3 p.m. Monday through Friday. The Faculty Research Awards UniV r ity Produced by the Division of information and Pubications 'orw Ic 0 to communicate oftil 4notices & important information to students. fac tr & %ta ft at the University of I lorda The gift of a 120-year-old farm to the University of Florida's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (IFAS) has provided funds for the establishment of a Distinguished Chair under the Eminent Scholars Act, passed by the Legislature in 1979. The Chair -to be called the Boston Family Chair of Human Nutrition -will be part of the College of Agriculture's Food Science and Human Nutrition Department. The gift, donated to the University by F.E. Boston, a farmer in rural Alachua County, makes possible $600,000 in private funds required for the establishment of an Free Mini-Courses Aid Reading and Writing Skills The Reading and Writing Center of the Office of Instructional Resowrces is offering several free, non-credit mini-vpourses in the next few weeks to students. Pre-registration is required; call 392-0791 or stop by Room 2107 GPA. The following mini-courses, and their times, will be offered: "Spelling Better," April11, 10:10a.m. to 12:05 p.m.; "How To Improve Your Reading Rate," April 16, 2:30 to 4:25 p.m.; "How To Write A Paper," April 18, 10:10 a.m. to 12:05 p.m.; and "How To Write Essay Exam," April 25, 10:10 a.m. to12:05 p.m. All sessions will be held in 2301 GPA. Zoology Seminar' Has Talk on Philopatry The Department of Zoology's Spring Seminar Series will present a public talk Tuesday by William H. Shields, College of Environmental Sciences and Forestry, State University of New York at Syracuse. Shields' talk, "Philopatry, Inbreeding and the Evolution of Sex," begins at 4 p.m. in Room 211 Bartram HalL Senate Meeting Cancelled The meeting of the University Senate set for todayhas been aelmed since no action iteuho were submitted for consideration. The next meeting of the Senate has been scheduled for Thursday, April 24 in McCarty Auditorium. endowed chair. The State will provide a matching $400,000, for a total $1 million endowment. This is the second endowed chair for UF. Brooksville banker Alfred McKethan gave $600,000 in November to establish a chair in the UF College of Business Administration. The Boston farm is believed to be one of the oldest farms in the north central Florida area, dating back through the family to before the Civil War. It is located on 900 acres in the northern portion of Alachua County, along the Santa Fe River. The 79-year-old Boston's interest in nutrition led to his donation of the farm for establishment of a chair. An outstanding professor of human nutrition will be named by President Robert Q. Marston following reconanendations from a special committee. The Food Science and Human Nutrition Department conducts a wide range of teaching, research and extension programs across the state. Commenting on the gift, Sen. Jack Gordon noted, "We feel the establishment of this chair will go a long way in helping all citizens of Florida form a greater understanding of how sound nutrition relates to human health." Gordon, who has expressed a long-time interest in nutrition, said that proper nutrition is especially critical in Florida, where the overOS population will exceed 20 per cent in less than a decade, over twice the national average. State Rep. Richard Hodes, a physician, commented, "It's especially gratifying that one of the early chairs of this kind is in this important area.", Marston, also a physician, pointed to a recent study by TUF scientists which indicates that about half of the Floridians tested in an IFAS survey in Miami showed signs of at least one nutritional deficiency. Marston said that $350,000 of a third chair in Business Administration has already been raised and the remaining $250,000 is being negotiated. A fourth cha has also been inforally committed and several colleges are engaged in preliminary discussions that could lead to matching funds. UF is entitled to three chairs from the $10 million in the Eminent Scholars Tast Fund, but Marston said legislators have assured him additional gwil be forthcomnng if UF raises funds for more than its quota. Univrsky of FisridS Is a Eival Empleym.t -pe.rtulItyI/ /Af"WeAetmEol ~v.w7u. -, Totaling Twenty-seven University of Florida faculty members have received Faculty Research Awards totaling $194,141 from the Division of Sponsored Research. The awards program provides salary funds to support faculty research either through quarterly appointments or release time. The funds were derived from overhead monies generated from grants and contracts in the Education and General and Health Center areas. A screening committee of faculty members was designated by the Board of Directors of the UF Division of Sponsored Research to review the 142 proposals submitted. The awards program is coordinated by Acting Assistant Director Patricia L. Schmidt, 392-1582. Deadline for faculty to apply for the fall quarter Faculty Research Awards is May 15, 5 p.m. The faculty members, their awards and departments are as follows: Willis Bodine, Music, "Original Manuscripts in Cam2nd Eminent Scholars Gift Will Fund Nutrition Chair Apply By May 2 For '81482 Sabbaticals Tenured, full-time faculty emnberl with six years of service who are interested in applying for 1981-82 sab baticals must submit applicatiOls tO teir dean or drecto by May 2. Each college or unt has beS instructed by the office for AcadeO*l Affairs to choos a selection coMIIttee, by vote of tenued faculty, by A~rII 18. Application formstave been Sentto dand all E&G bargining unit nNmb extras may be obtained frovn deadS Offices. The college Antcogmitt wo3 submit -rcmn d -ations to the U? central committeconpd of rE'* sentatives from varnes colage C00 mittees, by May 19. The central c committee will =btlt-its finalnrki to the Office ,a tAcadnlc Affairs by June 2. For moe informdeIon sabbat"ls check with colledean, or call th Office for Academic Affairs, 3*10$194,141 C panology," $8,612.54; H. Jane Brockmann, Zoology, "Behavior of Wasps," $6,32.57; Arthur A. Broyles, Physics, "Quantum Field Theory," $11,145.60; David P. Conradt, Political Science, "Public Participation in Decision-Making," $8,041.01; Martha L. Crump, Zoology, "A Population Study of Harlequin Frogs," $2,219.94; Eric V. Dose, Chemistry, "The Luminescence of New Mixed Ugand Complexes of Ruthenium & Osmium, and New MixedValence Dimers of Ruthenium & Osmium," $6,326.57. John R. Eyler, Chemistry, "Research on Laser-Induced Fluorescence of Ions Relevant to Combustion Processes," $5,345.87; Peter Feinsinger, Zoology, "Hypotheses on Secondary Succession in the Tropics: Tests with Hummingbirds and Bird-Pollinated Plants," $2,258.22; Geoffrey J Giles, History, "University Students in Nazi Germany," $6,546.95; Art Hansen, Anthropology, "Alachua County Farming Systems Census," $5,908.55; Douglas S. I o To 27 Jones, Geology, "Fosl Worms of Bear Gulch Limestone,9"$6,774.s; Lawrence, Zoplogy, "R of Ecdysone in the Post-embryonic of Anastrepha Suopensa," $,j7. John P. Leavey, Jr., H "Derrida's Glas: Beginning the T tion," $5,906.56; Merle E. Meyer, Pqcb logyl "6Cathechnlaminargic ModulatfoN gi Behavioral Distribution," $14,6877. David A. Micha, Chemistry, "Scattering Atoms by Molecular Adsorbates," $7,4; Paul Mueller, Geology, "Strontium Iaeo* pic Composition of Archean ChWemlc Sediments from Southern Peninsular b dia," $6,891.83; M. Luis Muga, Chemigy, "Velocity and Space Compaction in a Time-of-Flight Mass Spectrometer," $8,180.20; Raymond Pepinsky, Phyale "Explore Mechanisms of Phototroplad Retinal Rods," $10,M.23; Steven Sanderson, Political Science, "Receding Frontiers: Aspects of the Internatonll nation of Agricultural and Cattle Prode. tion in the U.S.," $5,90&.55. Robert J. Scholes, Speech, "Investiga. tion of Neurological Impairment of te Posited Sequencing Mechanismfor 1. guistic Elements," $8,180.20; Ofelia K Schutte, Philosophy, "Nietzsche's Tram. valuationof Values," 906.55; Karl E. Taylor, Physics, "Seasonal Climate Sta. dies with a Numerical Model," $6,774.66; Carolyn M. Tucker, Psychology, "A Research-Training Program to Addre 'Burnout' Among Chronic Care Nurses," $6,435.97; Martin Vala, Chemistry, In. frared Laser Induced Photochemiftry," $7,498.55; Carol Van Hartesveldt, Psychology, "Development of Brain Vascalarization," $9,225.01; Henri A. Van Rinsvelt, Physics, "Nuclear Physics -a User's Program," $8,465.97; Keith D. While Psychology, "Saccadic Eye Movements and Body Sway," $6,548.95. LAS Seeks Student Peer Advisors The College of Liberal Arts and Scienc is seeking students who an 3 or 0StO serve as peer advisors. Peer advisMr assist in advising IS students on W academic requirements necessary fir graduation. Applicants should have a 3.0 GPA and be willing to work 15-0 hours per week (AN per hour). Applications are available fr Angela Mennitto in 358 Little Hall. 

PAGE 11

I' ka*,9~~' ii 1*,fVi ST. AUGUSTINE CHURCH AND CATHOLIC STUDENT CENTER PARISH CHURCH FOR UNIVERSITY STUDENTS AND FACULTY 1738 W. University Avenue, P.O. Box 13888 Phone 372-3533 I lm u umm -a BUY ONE AND GET THE NEXT SMALLER SIZE FREE!.W. Buy any Giant, Large or Medium Pizza of Regular Price and receive the next size smaller with same ingredients or of equal value. \ ol o ni Gou Ir I'i:a I o i ( arryont Roxis ORnIdL TIUr SUIAN TOPPER APRIL 7Featured Guest Speakers: alligator; thursday april3, 1980, 11 11 Betty Friedan Author of "The Feminine Mystique Wilma Rudolph Olympic Gold Medalist I Participate with leading women of the 80's in Workshops and panels on: Women in the Humanities Women in Sports Women's Leadership Roles Women in the Working World Co-ordinated by ACCENT and SG Women's Affairs Ponhellenic, JWRU, Career Resourse Center ACCET is funded by Student Government STEAKHOUSE& LOUNGE Half Broiled Chicken tender plump chicken, broiled to perfection Chopped Steak ground from the beef that makes us famous Fried Fish Filets golden fried treats from the deep Half Lb. Shrimp we boil 'em you peel 'em Steak Sandwich served on rye or pumpemaickle Served with french fries, salad bar or Caesar salad, and of course, all the free beer wine, and soda you wish, with dinni 3" Caesar Salad or Salad Bar and BeerWlne,& Soda 2.95 BoiledShrimp srC Per;/4 M;. served as an appetizer, with dinner 1900S.W. 13th St. (44S) Dnner every night fo (4%saes tax& 12%service charge) Banquet facilities available 372-2777 61-EmAKOUME&LON Paper umbrella The thing to do when unexpectedly caught in the rain is to seek shelter be it under a roof or,more portable, a newspaper. For 20 cents this man purchased his rain cover with easily deployable pages and proceeded nonchalantly away. More rain is forecast for today with a possible clearing by Friday. KIM KUliSh -L 

PAGE 12

12, alligator, thursdaLy,.qpcil 3, 1980 Welcome Back Spring Quarter Lesson 1 high' fidelityy,. sound reproduction over the full range of audible frequencies with very little distortion of the original 2. Audio Innovators A k I M I nr, S *0 0 I 0Ioe 

PAGE 13

ottbaotk, turs .*6313,1Which Rutherfords Diamond Will It Be? Whatever the style, shape of diamond, or color of gold Rutherfords has it. Our diamond experts will gladly help in this most important decision. And your selection will be backed with the finest guarantee in the industry. We've been engaging couples for over 50 years. Come on in and let us show you why for quality and price.nobody can undersell Rutherfords. We guarantee it. Registered Jewelers Certified Gemologist Member American Gem Society 4.T ci GANESV'LLE MAL376-4431 r-ii-N. Fla. sugar cone, other crops, may stretch gas supply, prof says By Ray Smith Alligator Staff Writer A UF professor says that Florida's sugar cane and other high-carbohydrate crops can help stretch the supply of gasoline in the U.S. -the only problem is it may be a decade before we begin to reap the benefits economically. Sugar cane, sweet sorghum and potatoes are three-of the crops Professor Ferdinand le Grand says can be turned into ethanol and mixed with gasoline to form gasohol. The mixture burns more cleanly than straight gasoline and according to le Grand, has been authorized in several states as an unleaded fuel. The process of making ethanol from farm crops has roots in the moonshine making of the backwoods, but the fuel is used for combustion, not consumption. The distillation of alcohol for use as a fuel -called "biomass conversion" -is relatively new. "Biomass research is in its infancy. We don't have a solution as yet," le Grand said. He added it is generally accepted that it will take eight to 10 years to go from the research stage to the point where producing ethanol from crops for use in gasohol becomes ______~i1-i We Challenge You We invite you to accept the Challenge to become involved. Your input is needed to decide what is important right now for UF Students. Slating for ASFAC and Senate will take place today and tomorrow in rooms 333 and 334 of the J. Wayne Reitz Union from 8-AM until 9 PM. Pd Pol Ad, C Ca sade CgeParty Ace EIctc Sat Aj 11 am Fl Ace Tee to ti ti, economically feasible. Juice from sugar cane and other crops containing simple sugars is heated to sterilize it and then cooled. Yeast cells are added, introducing bacteria which consume the sugar and produce alcohol and carbon dioxide gas. This solution is heated and recovered in a simple still, then distilled twice again. A small amount of kerosene is added to make the ethanol unfit for human consumption. The alcohol, 98 to 99-percent pure after the final distillation, then is ready to mix with gasoline to make gasohol. A ratio of nine parts gasoline to one part ethanol is used to make the fuel. Although it is not currently possible to produce ethanol as cheaply as gasoline, le Grand says the uncertainty of whether gasoline will be readily available could make gasohol a more efficient energy alternative in the future. Florida's potential for gasohol production is based on the combination of sugar cane and forestry industries within the state. Both crops produce an abundance of fermentable stock for ethanol production, le Grand said. The waste product from both processes can be used to power the distillation process, he added. Easter Color Photo Special A i. PH 1 TW Holiday Ir urday University april 5th Center a-5:30 pm Sna REE -April 6th Photo 11 am-5pi -Sbirts he first Airty. or1 FREE photo albui to the first fifty. April 5th & 6th At The Holiday Inn University Center nn y m ms it Please No Phone Calls to the Inn 

PAGE 14

THLESs Sunday, April 6 7 and 9:30 pm # 9. ~~1 me. DOLLY Harm Starring GRMO 1'. cowT lol IWO -. -J ~0 ii I Starring BARBARA STREISAND WALTER MATTHAW Thursday, 4 3 7 & 9:30pm Union Aud., 118 minutes Color 0 REGIS'EW! NOWH! APRIL 1516517 3 3 B6a00 PMf MEN'S DiVISION -A & B CLASS WOMEN'S DIVISION OPEN CLASS Registration fee is $2.00 for each event. Starts today and ends 24 hours before tournament starts. Sign tip in the JWRU GAMES AREA nov (SOAP) Fri. & Sat, 4/4& 5 7:30, 9:45&Midnight Union Auditorium Color 91 mi. Rated PG 75c STUDENT ORGANIZATION ACTION PROGRAM Call 392-1674 (Mr. Cross or Pam for further informationn) The J. Wayne Reitz Union & the Office for Student Services is sponsoring a Student Organization Action Program (SOA) p Tuesday, April 8th at 7:30 pm in Rooms 361-363 JWRU. Rob Webb will present a program on parliamentary Law. Members of any Student Organization are urged to attend. Eel PHOGRAPHERS -ADow Students who wish to display their work on a weekly basis in the Reitz Union pease stop by Rm 3 M JYM tit3.~ft 1Rtitz*rn On prrscnts trum audIMI*ef BREW From North Carolina 00 April 4& 5 9:00 p.m. to 1:00 p.m. 0 i lfi -V 0*0 9-03. UkM os ik S3l3oat h 3:3 to5: 0d7-0i3 1it 392IO3 3iluditionz 3:30 to 5:30 and 7 -10 nm 1 43 USC BDG --J m,. BRING A SONG (Not necessary from Camelot) BRING AMONOLOGUE (Only if you desire a major -J IW6 -son-, I 

PAGE 15

L STATION -THREE DAYS ONLY station for all Leisure Courses take place in the 2nd Floor aryof the J. Wayne Reitz Union. DATES TIMES NESDAY, APRIL 9: 9am-4pm* & 7pin-9pm SDAY, APRIL 10: 9am-4pm & 7pm-9pm DAY, APRIL 11: 9am-4pm r persons affiliated with university community only. STUDENTS MUST OF HAVE CURRENT PROOF ENROLLMENT STER FOR A FRIEND ions may register for themselves one other person if they have opriate identification for both E64.STMAT-IM PRORI TY St-udents, faculty, staff membersand their spouses will'have priority for enrollment Wednesday, April 9 from gam-4pm. Beginning Wednesday evening at 7pm, registration will be open to all other persons. IDENTIFICATION Due to price and registration differentials, it will be necessary for each person to come to registration with the following appropriate I.D.: U.F. STUDIUTS: Written proof of Spring .enrollment. STUDENT SPOUSES: Spouse card or spouses' I.D. with proof of current enrollment. STAFF & STAFF SPOUSE: Staff card. FACULTY & FACULTY SPOUSE: Faculty card. STUDENT SPOUSE BENEFITS Wlth appropriate identification student spouses pay student rates. COURSE DATES Unless otherwise noted, classes are seven weeks in length, and are offered once per week according to the following schedule. MONDAYS: April 14 -June 2 (no class May 26) TUESDAYS: April 15 -May 27 WEDNESDAYS: April 16 -May 28 THURSDAYS: April 17 -May 29 PAYMENT OF FEES Persons must pay fees designated in total column when they register. Lab fees are explained in course descriptions in the Leisure Course Brochures Please note that some courses have lab fees due at first class session, rather than at registration. LOCATION OF COURSES Most courses meet in the Reitz Union although some are held In various facilities on or near campus. Registrants are informed of the exact location via their registration receipt. UUDR MICWUNT5 For those students who register for a course which Is held in the residence hal.arsa In which they reside, a $5.00 discount will be offered. Students must have current residence hall I.D. card to qualify. A listing of courses held in residence halls will be posted at registration. COURSE DESCRIPTIONS Refer to this Reitz Union Leisure Course brochure available at the Reitz Union and at various locations around .campus for descriptions of courses, additional fee requirements, course prerequisites and necessary equipment and supplies. REFUNDS To qualify for a refund, persons must report their decisions to cancel. a class by bringing their registration form in person to the 2nd Floor Gallery pay window by 4pm, Friday, April 11. Refunds will be given if a class is cancelled due to insufficient enrollment. COURSE NO. TITLE DAY TIMES INSTRUCTORS TOTAL FEES 'LAB FEES STU N-S FEES S NS COURSE NO. TITLE TOTAL FEES LAB FEES CAY TIMES INSTRUCTORS STU N-S FEES, S NS T 101 Acting I.TH T 201 Act ing II. ...M1 At 101 Aerobic Danca. ................MCW ER 102 Aerobic Dance' ................MCW X 101 The Alexander Technique I ......TH C 101 ARC First Aid (Standard) I. TH 1 101 Art History Survey I ..........W T 101 Astrology I ..................W T 101 Auto Mechanics I .............M T 102 Auto Mechan i cs I ..-. .........W T 103 Auto Mechanics I ..........., .TH 201 Auto Mechanics I ............T T 301 Auto echan i cs III ...........TH A 101 Awakening Creativity I ........W C 101 Backgammon I .................M C 201 Baskqammon I I ................M K 101 Backpacking I ..,. .-..........4 L 101 Ballet I .-.-.-.-. ..............M L 102 Ballet I. ...-.-.......N. ...M L 103 Ballet I ....................T 1 104 Ballet I ..-. ................T L 105 Ballet I ....................W 1 106 Ballet I ..-.-.-.-.-.-. ............TH L 107 Ballet I ......-. ............TH L 201 Ballet .1 --.-.-.-. -.............T 202 Ballet I I. ..-----.-.-.--. ..W L 301 Ballet Ill .-.-.-. .............TH 101 Banjo I .-.-. --.-. -.-. ---.-. ..I AR 101 Barotnding I .-. .............M fR 102 Bartending I .--. ............M 103 Bartending I .-.-.-. ..........T S 201 Basketry )I ..-....-. .......W S 301 Basketry 111.-.-. --. -..-. ..W S 401 Basketry IV.-.-.-. ...........TH AS 501 Basketry v.-. ......TH T 101 Batik 1 .--.-.-.-. ............TH fE 101 Bellyd.incrc-.e I .I-. --.-. -..-.M fN 101 BellydancingI. .......T I 102 Bellydancing 1 .-.-.-.-.-. ....W N 103 Bellydancing I ...............TH N 201Bellydancing 1-. ...........T 202 Bellydanc ing 11 .-.-.-. .......W N 301 Bellydancing iII .............M M01 0Cicycle Maintenance I .........T 101 Bowling I .-.-.-.-. .............T S-01--oling11 ---. .TN D101 Bridge I. .,TH 1101Calligraphy I.-.........TH f 101 Ceramics I --.--. -.........T f 102 Ceramics I...---.-. ---.-. T f 103 Ceramics I .-....T f 10 Ceramics I.-. -----.-.-. ......TH ft 105 Ceramics I. ..T f 202 Ceramics 11. ..-.-.-.-.-. -.-.-.-TH ..+. ..s ..--.-----W 1 10 *C; eseCooking I .-.-..-.-W 101 Cassical Guitar I ..;. T 101 Dance After Disco I. ........TH 102 Oancer ise -...H. .M .102 .ancer -i-s-e. ......M 103 Oancercise --. -.-.-. -.-. .T 104 DancerciseI. T 10500ancercise T 106 Dancercise I .* .--. ......W 107 Dancercise 108 aned.s ....T. N 09 Ouncerc.i .eT 110 Dancercise' TN 101 ark -' --. -......-Tit l101 Darkroo1 isws /14-5/4). N 102 Darkoom I (4k.s -6/2). N-M 201 arkrom 1 101 Deaf C -, 'I-.-.-.-..-.-.-.-.-.-.-. W 201 Deaf Com nicton 1 .........T 301 ef caIon 8 ----ca.I-TH O 01+Hisco I ni.catfo,11 .IS IO2+O.'sco 1 ...-...' ..--. .-. --. IS 103+Di I N S 201D IO sc '.'-.-.-. -. .....T 01 ODiog I. ..TN 101 Bog Obed* --en-T 102 09 ObedIence igure Drawing .---.-. -. 101 OreExPlora --1 1 Effective -r. .----Ti 1 ll etorint Leadership Traing I ._W S0101 Fash the odyMind ...T S101 FlutI1 on-ModeI--n -o N 101 FrI sbeeI .-..-.'.-.-.-.-.-.-T 0283 Frish5 '---' -----M 2 RE Math I .*.-. ---.-. .....T O 02 lGutar '':-"----T -. --.-. .-.N 5:00-7:00pm Ron Gies $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Ron Gies $15 $19 5:00-6:00pm Lynn No8fsinger $15 $19 6:00-7:00pm, Perri Crapo $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Diana Bradley $15 $19 7 00-8O:00pm steve Lyong $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Valerie POthler $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm David Cochrane $15 $19 5:00-8:00pm Stave Uphoff $15 $19 5:00-8:00gm Steve Uphoff $15 $19 5:00-8:00pe Steve Uphoff $15 $19 6:00-9:00pm Steve Uphoff $15 $19 8:00-1:O00pms teve Uphoff $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Alyse Tartel $15 $19 -530-7:30pm Howard Ring $15 $49 7:30-9:30pm Howard. ing $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm TA* $15 $19 3:30-5:3Opm Perri. Crap. $15 $19 5:30-7:30pm Cathy Wood $15 $19 3:00-5:00pm Marlene Sanchez $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Perri Crapo $15 $19 3:30-5:30pm Perri Crapo $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Carol Taylor $15 $19 7: 30-9:30pm Dina SanGiovanni $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Perri Crapo $85 $19 7:30-9:30pm Marlene Sanchez $15 $89 7:30-9:30pm Perri Crapo $15 $19 5:00-7:00po Roger Parramore $15 $19 5:OO-7:00pm Pat Harvey $15 $19 7:30-9:30pe Pat Harvey $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Tom Beal $15 $19 2:30-4:3Opm Valarie Pothier $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Valarie Pothier -$15 S19 5:O0-7:00pm Valarle Pothier $85 $19 7:30-9:3gm Velarie Pothier$15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Mariltyn Waft l-Asse $15 $19 5:30-7:30pm Phaedra $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Phaedra $15 $19 5:30-7:36pM Phaedra $15 $19 7:45-9:45pm Phaedra $85 $19 5:30-7:30pm Phaedra $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Phaedra $15 $19 7:30-9:3Opm Phaedra $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Ron Daetwyler $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Andy Herbert 1$15 $19 5:00-7:00po Andy Herbert $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Josh Feldstein $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm Diana Rolfs $15 $19 2:00-4:00pm Dot Sterling $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Dot Sturl'ing $15 $19 7:30-9:3Opm Gillian ICeezer $15 $19 2:00-4:00pm Dot Sterling $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Dot Sterling $15 $19 7:30-9:30m Gi11ian keezer $15 $19 7:00-10:00pg Dorothy Chen $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Car ie Bush $15 $19 7:30-9:30pm fernando Alverez $15 $19 12:30-2:30pom Sherie Friedlander $15 $1'9 7:30-9:30pg ?err Crapo $15$19 12:30-2:30Pm Perri -Crapo $15 $19 5:00-7:000 'Sancyfeagans $15 $19 7:30-9:30}a Nancye Henkle $15 $19 10:00-Neon Crol Taylor $15 $19 5:00-7:00pm Shellie DuFault $15 $19 3:O: OOpm Am Sie ackstone $15 $19 5:00-7:00m -Shellie DuFault $15 $19 7i3O-9:30g0, TBA .$15 $89 $iO0-7O00gm Nat Fitzpatrick .$ & $10 5:00-7:00 'Nat Fitzpatrick $ 8 $80 5:00-7tfo fatt.ftsatxlck $85 $19 7m30.3:30gin -dapsda. & Lazarus $15 $19 5:00-7:0pm Idwards & Lazarus $15 $19 7:h 30 eke dwarde $15 $19 6:0 Raul Fernandez $15 $19 *R 3O pm .oe $15 $19 5 5R rIguez $15 $19 0nde $15 $19 m vo4uabmm'nt $5 $19 7:30-9034m Vicki NMammsd S15 $19 es s0.7 im dee Asiey 146 $191 7:30-93m111 ,ly"a Tartall $15 $19 7:3@-9:30pm Leadarshop Staff $ 5 $ 6 1ft~00a eu.~eU $1 $89 S r tm i e 9(9 t1a15 $49 Ci $15 $09 Sch$&e~Ar $85 19 S:I 700 -jaM Tilten $15 $89 5:sO7z06pK IM4ke Shapiro $15 $19 7:"9000 m Char le ab $5 $89 $15 $i9 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $83 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $5 $19 $19 $23 $19 $23 $19 $23 $21 $25 $28 $32 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $85 $19 $15 $19 $15 $.19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $30 $34 $30 $34 $30 $34 $30 $34 $25 $29 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $16 $20 $30 $34 $30 $34 $30 $34 -$30 $34 $30 $34 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $89 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 *$19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $15 $19 $13.$15 $13 $15 $25 $29 $5 $19 085 $19 $i5 $89 $15 $19 $15 $19 $85 $19 $5 $19 $5 $19 $15 $19 $5 $19 $15 $19 $ 5 $6 $15 $19 $15 989 $15 $19 $15 $19 $5 $19 $5 $19 $15 $19 $i5 $19. GTR 103 Gui tar I .T GTR 104 Guitar I .W GTR 105 Gul tar I .TH OTR 201 Gul tar 88I .T GTR 202 Guitar I I .W GTR 203 Guitar I8.TH HWA 101 Handwriting Analysis I .M 1WA 802 Handwriting Analysis 8I.M IFO 101 International Folk Dance 8.TH JAD 101 Jazz Dance I .T JAZ 102 Jazz Dance 1.W JAD 103 Jazz Dance I.TH JAD 104 Jazz Dance 1.TH JAD 201 Jazz Dance 11.T JAG 101 Jazz Guitar 1.M JAG 102 Jazz Guitar I.TH JEW 108 Jewelry I.M JUG101 "Jugglingl&111.W MAC 101 Macrame I (k wkt).W HAS 101 Massage j .M HAS 102 Massage ..W MAS 103 Massage 1.W MAS 104 Massage 1.TH MAS 105 Massage I.TH MED 101 Meditation& Relaxation I. T MED 102 Meditation S Relaxation It. W MOD 101 Modern Dance I8.T MOD 102 Modern Dance I.W MOD 103 Modern Dance I.W MOD 104 Modern Dance I .TH MOD 201 Modern Dance 11.M NSP 101 Non-Silver Photography fI. .F ORG 101 Organic Gardening I .W PAI 101 Painting fI .TH PAR 101 Parapsychology I.W PAR 201 Parapsychology 118.W PHT 101 Photography I.M PHT 102 Photography I .T PHT 103 Photography It.T PHT 104 Photography It.W PHT 105 Photography I.TH PHT 201 Conceptual Photography I8. .TH POC 101 Pocket Billiards 8 .M POC 208 Pocket Billiards 11 .M AR l10l Roller Skating It.M RLR 102 Roller Skating It.W RLR 201 Roller Skating 11.TH SAl 101 SailingCatamaran 8 (5 weeks).T SAI 802 SailingCatamaran 1 (5 weeks) .W SOW 101 Spinning, Dyeing & Weaving']t. ..TH SHP 101 Self Hypnosis I .T SHP 102 Self Hypnosis I.W SSC 808 Soft Sculpture 8 (I day 4/19) ...SA SQD 101 Square Dance I8.T STG t01 Stained Glass ft.,. T STG 102 Stained Glass I -.T STG 103 Stained Glass I .W STG 104 Stained Glass I .W STR 101 Stress Reduction 1.TH TAP 101 Tap Dance I.TH TAP 201 Tap Dance 11.TH TCH 101 T'ai Chi I--.-T TCH 102 T'alChi 8 .-W TCH 103 T'alChi I.TH TSC 101 Table Soccer 1.M TSC 201 Table Soccer 11.T TN 101 Table Tennis 1.M Typ 108 Typing 8. .M&TH TYP 102 Typing 1-."TH TYP 103 Typing I.HMW WNA 101 Wine Appreciation i .M WHA 101 Wine Appreciation 1-.TH ilA 201 Wine Appreciation 11.-T VSD 101 Woman's Self Defense -.-M yO G101 Yoga.-.M YOG 102 Yoga I -.M YO 103 Yoga--.0.TyOG 104 yoga.-.T SOG 105 egs I -.-.--T YO10 106 Yoga I -.l ..--YOG 107 Yoga. Y10 108 Yoga I .-.T YOG 201yogal1. *-. "ll, 301 y~oil --. ---. ---. --+Course held off campus eLab Fee die at fIrst class 5:00-7:pDOpm 5:00-7:00pm 5:00-7:00pm 7:00-9:OgPM 7:30-9:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 10:00-Noon 7:30-9:30pm 7:30-9:30pm 7:30-9:30pm 5:30-7:30pm 5:00-7:OOpm 7:30-9:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 5:00-7:OOpM 7:00-9:00pm 1:30-3:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 1:30-3:30pm 7:30-9:30pm 3:00-5:00pm 7:30-9:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 7:30-9:30pm 7:30-9:30pm 7:30-9:30pm 3:00-5:00pm 12:30-2:30pg 5:00-7:00pm 82: 30-2:30pm 7: 30-9:30pm 9:30-11:30gm 5:00-7:00pm 2:00-4:00pm 5:00-7:00pm 7:30-9:30pm 7:30-9:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 7:39-9:30pm -T4:30-9:30pm 7: 30-9:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 5:00-7:00pm 7:00-9:00pm 5:00-7: 00gm 5:00-7:00pm 5:00-7:OOPM 3:00-5:00pm 3:00-5:Opm 1:30-3:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 7:30-9:30por 9:00-4:00pm 7:30-9:30pm 5:15-7:15pm7:30-9:30pm 5:15-7t15pm 7:30-9:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 2:30-4:30pm 5:00-7:00p 3:00-5:00pm 5:0-7:00pm 7:30-9:30pm 5:00-7:00pm 5:00-7:00pm 5:00-7:00pm s8 30-7,00gm 7M0-8:30Pm 7:30-9:00gm 730-9t3P 7:30-9:30m 5:0O-,bp 5iO:00 2o30e-g0p 2: 3-im 5t. 40 7i3?o'9Bo Chuck Holden $15 $19 Chuck Holden $15 $19 Chuck Holden $15 $19 Charlie Bush $15 $19 Peter Bolton $15 $19 Peter Bolton $15 $19 Mary Row $15 $19 Mary Row $15 $19 Arlene Kaufman $15 $19 DIha SanGiovanni $15 $89 Nancy Feagans $15 $19 Nancy Feagens $15 $19 Carol Taylor $15 $19 Sherie Friedlander $15 $19 Charlie Bush $15 $19 Charlie Bush $15 $19 Sara-Nett Wood $15 $19 Mike Stillwell $15 $19 Sara-Nett Wood $ B $10 Gary Rick $15 $19 Paul Campbell $15 $19 Carol Taylor $15 $19 Sarah E. Jones $15 $19 Sarah E. Jones $15 $19 Don Rosenberg $15 $19 Don Rosenberg $15 $19 Anne Blackstone $15 $19 Sherie Friedlander $15 $19 TBA -$15 $19 Carol Taylor $15 $19 TBA -$15 $19 Fern Hefland $15 $19 Gary Dunn $15 $19 Valarie Pothier $15 $19 Albert Bowes $15 $19 Albert Bowes $15 $19 Brian Bliss $15 $19 Brian Bliss $15 $19 Brian Bliss $15 $19 Vicki Braun $15 $19, Vicki Braun $1 5 $19 Brian Bliss $15 $19 Jimmy Harris $15 $19 Jimmy Harris $15 $19 Deval & Senterfitt $15 $19 Devall Senterfitt $15 $19 Devall S Senterfitt $15 $19 Roger Reed $15 $19 Roger Reed $15 $19 Sara-Nett Wood $15 $19 David Lane $15 $19 David Lane $15 $19 Kat Fitzpatrick $15 $19 TBA $15 $19 Cathy Gillet $15 $19 Cathy Gillet $15 $19 Gathy Gillet $15 $191 Cathy Gillet $15 $191 Alyse Tartell $15 $19 Perri Crapo $15 $19 Perri Crapo $15 $19 Paul Campbell $15 $19 Greg Woodson $15 $19 Greg Woodson $15 $19 Wilson Alvarez $15 $19 Wilson Alvarez $15 $19 He Chi Don $15 $19 TA $15 $19 TA $15 $19 Janice Schwertock $85 $19 Wade Tyler $15 $19 Bunky Mastin $15 $19 Wade Tyler $15 $19 DIana Ormond $15 $19 Fran Berardino $15 $19 Charles Lefkowltz $15 $19 Charles Lefkowltz $15 $19 Cndee Wainparden $15 $19 Fran Berardino $15 $19 Pat Landis $15 $19 Charles Lefkowltz $15 $19 Sherle Friadlander $15 $19 Charles Lefkawltz $15 $19 Charles Lefkwits -$19 $19 7 ., .s.r -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 $10* $15 $19 $10* $15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 $5 $20 $24 -$15 $19 -$R $10 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 $10 $25 $29 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$85 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19\ -$15 $19 -$15 $19 $15* $15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 $10* $15 $19 $10* $15 $19 $10* $15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 $10 $25 $29 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 $5 $20 $24 -$15 $89 $20* $15 $19 $20* $15 419 $20* $15 $19 $20* $15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 $5 $20 $24 $5 $20 $24 $5 $20 $24 $12* $15 $19 $12* $15 $19 $15* $15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$ 19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 -$15 $19 M $5$19 

PAGE 16

W alligator, thursday, apri 3,1980 UF may use USF loan payback for Fla. pool By Donna Wares Alligator Staff Writer UF officials. still awaiting repay ment of a $400,000 loan to the University of South Florida, said Wednesday they might use the returned money for the aging Florida Pool instead of the O'Connett Centee as once cosnsideeed-onsould prefer to use that money (the repaid loan) for other projects on campus incuuting the Florida poml. said CF Esecutive'Vice President John Nattress. Natteess .said he hopes money to correct the O'Connel Center would be advanced by the Board of Regents from next year's Capital Improvement Building Fund allocation. The building fund advance for both UF and USF would enable USF to repay the $400,000 loan and allow both universities to make corrections on their mass seating facilities. U SF received the loan from UF in 1978 when officials at the Tampa university discovered they needed additional money for their Sun Dome Coliseum which was designed by the same architects as the O'Connell Center. Obtaining the proposed advance and repayment of the loan will be delayed until UF has a better idea of how much corrections on the O'Connell Center will cost, Nattress said. In addition to renovating the Florida Pool, Nattress said some of the returned money might also be used for putting in astroturf on Florida Field. Student Body President Doug Tuthill agreed the loan should be repaid and used to fix the pool. Last quarter, Tuthill charged that UF administrators had improperly loaned the money to USF. He said Marston loaned the money without receiving formal approval from thenStudent Body President Terry Brown. The law governing building fund expenditures states all allocations must he approved hy the appropriate university president and the respective student organization." Although formal approval was never given, Student Services Dean Tom Goodale said Brown approved the allocation during a phone conversation with Marston. Brown said he does not remember the conversation. I r FREE POST OFFICE BOX 30DayTrio'0r Let us deliver your mail free for 30 days at no obligation to you. If you like our service your cost is $15.00 per quarter. And you have your mail by 9 AM. (Everyday except Sunday).This offer limited to the first 350 Boxes. THE LETTER BOX ApplyAlochuoCity Printing exttenardso -I 0A Deli-Restaurant & Pub FREE MUG OF BEER $1.00 OFF With Purchase of Any I Gourmet Sandwich P With Coupon Good .T hro 4-13 iWith Coupon Good Through 4-13 Upstairs In Hardees Plaza Mon-Thurs 11:00 AM -Midnight 9 Fri-Sat 11:00 AM -1:00 AM t N I IEtI NVIN IUW<' Reg. $24.%5 to $MNOW 118 7 to 1262W ---We eccppt --N PAM^ e BudgSa wno wmn b IN GAINESVILLE-SHOP AT GORDON'S: 0 The Oaks, 63 Newberry Road @ Gainasville Shopping Center, 1222 North Main Street 0 Also Pine Street Shopping Center, Ocala Shop Gordon's Coast to Coast. 10 (WI3th St. 37i6-234L h ~ s I FI G l 32611' 

PAGE 17

r h il til ni to I tinued M page one -I just bought a new novel today called arn,"' said Tommy Babik, a tan, burly d "Ioreman. started it and then I threw it in. Ill wer able to write, I'd tell 'em hat it is like. That book was nothing but ad news." A movie based on the book, which tells the ory of a 16-year-old who runs away to join carnival, was filmed in Savannah, Ga., last ear. Part of the Johnny's United team apars in the movie, which Babik said he hopes will be kinder to their profession than he book. The carnies can understand how some of he unsavory myths got started. Their's is an nusual profession, a special job which atracts a different sort of person. Somewhere, among the dozens of carnivals which traipse he country, there are bound to be a few oddalls, a crooked game or two, even perhaps a ew criminals on the run. But the majority of carnies, insisted Babik, re just ordinary folks, out to make a good iving like everyone else, albeit in a slightly different manner. "It's the freedom," said Babik, as he strollaround the midway greeting his fellow armies. "I can get away from what society insiders responsibility -going to church n Sunday, PTA meetings," -what .Helen arris, a pert 21-year-old who has done "just bout everything in the show calls "the ame old humdrum bull." So they spend nine months out of the year traveling by truck and trailer caravan to airs all over the country. They pull into. 'inia or Keokuk or Gainesville anytime of he day, to start immediately putting up the ides and games and concession stands, paining and fixing up, ready to open by ightfall. After three days or ten, after everyone in own has come to pitch nickels on the plates, REX HEWETT SAYS THE BUSINESS ISA 'CONSTANT GAN .his squirt gun game bombed gobble cotton candy, stare at the fat man and the midget, get sick on the ferris wheel after all the fun has been had, the carnies tear it all down, pack up and move on to the next show, for more of the same. To hear their reasons for this routine, one might thing the carnies are sick. "It's in my blood" -'I'm addicted to this life" -"I can't stop now, I'd die" -these are the common refrains. A carny must have a love of travel, and a desire to meet people and see the country. They also have to like work. Eccentrics are tolerated to a degree, but never a dishonest gamesman or a shortchanging vendor. "Not a single one of these games is fixed," declared Babik. "They're not allowed to be. They would give the show a bad name." A half-dozen children and two adults lined up in front of a large booth as Babik strolled by. Startled into action by the bell, they took careful aim and fired water on a small target, sending Mickey Mouse figures climbing up toward the ceiling. A few seconds later the game was over, the losers dejected but still in good humor. 1 The victor, however, was not exactly thrilled with his trophy, a small furry serpent. "Get three of those fuzzy green snakes and trade them in for a prize of your choice,' barked Rex Hewett. Seven years on the carnival circuit have been pretty good to the 27year-old Panama City man; he remembers I 'She's gonna go over! It's onnabe great!' yJOn SusskInd lgOtOr Staff Writer Get in the back," Tiny roared. "I like the back. You go igher. c climb into the rear seat of the big Sea Dragon ride with HIV. It seemed the best thing to do. Tiny is one thing that ny is not. Tall and rotund, the blond carnival worker proably would just as soon grab you and throw you in the back ath utb rhnow his blue eyes peer over the blond beard Suris ig by a quick smile. S gly, the quarter-million dollar Sea Dragon does ntlook threatening atall. It works like a big porch swing or trotns des ;rThe riders are divided about evenly between the armature. s fun,"grins Tiny. "Yesterday, it turned-over,'' iosh, I can hardly wait," I enthuse. Wih a swift jerk the Sea Dragon begins its torteoup.sWing. O'Chnnellis University Avenue, In front is the Steihen C. O'tonnellcnter. Better here then there, I think. At the bif the arc we let go of the safety bar and exprinte the brief queasy weightlessness.of free fall. We are oing stght own at our grimacing fellow riders, who tg. equally amusing view when we are on the botTiny is mirthfulr 'Whooooaaaa, Mr. Bill!" he serearms to noxe in particular Whooooooooooo Ain't thi fun" eb, I must adrmitv, it is a lot effun. But enough. I want to etbackun reltively safe ground bdWe Ifte mydlnner. I,SEA DRAGON SURVIVORS ...'chicken" reporter (center, rear) and Tiny (beard) recover after uplifting ride But a new chorus starts as the machine slows down. "Again, again, again, let her go again!" Oh well. "Again, again," I sing, trying to make a good impression. At the top of the arc -"Over, over, overt" "Nooonooo, nooooo!" screams the sole scaredy-cat. "She's gonna do it this time," roared Tiny. "She's gonna go over. It's gonna be great!" I brace myself, my eyes closed, elbows tight on my legs to' hold In the contents of my pockets. Miraculously, the Sea Dragon just continues its long, high arching swing. It doesn't seem capable of making the full 360-degree loop. As the machine slows down once more, the chorus of repetition turns to one of reproach. "Chicken!" Tiny shouts good-naturedly.h o "Your buddy's a chicken he told my companion. "All right, I adrmit it! I am a chicken!" I retort. But at least I'm back on sweetterra firma. "Can it really turn over?" I ask later. "Naw," snorts Tiny. "You're a chicken." m --MwmwwwmmmMm alligator, thursday, april 3, 1980, 17 mide mis the weeks hard work brought him $1,000. And then there were the times he had to pay $100 out of his own pocket because his squirtgun game couldn't even break even. "It's a constant gamble," said Hewett. "But it's been getting better every year." "Yeah, you can have yourself a good week, and then again you can lose your ass," Babik added. Electrician Bill Anderson remembers 42 years of good and bad times on the circuit. Things have changed since Anderson started out in Kansas, working his way through high school and college. When he started, he got $6.25 for a long week's work, but then a Tbone steak dinner cost a quarter. "When I broke into the business, you could buy a spanking brand-new Ferris wheel for $1,500," recalled Anderson. Pointing to a nearby ride, he shook his head and said "That Loop costs more than a quartermillion. And what you're paying for is the technology, not the ride." Yessir, times have changed, agreed Babik. Professional carnies are getting scarce, replaced by younger people who stay in the business a few short months or years. "This carnival is owned by a family that's been in the business four generations," said Babik, but most carny children today don't want the responsibility and back-breaking work of the carnival life. The rides and.games are getting more expensive, the travel costs increase daily, no one likes the freak shows anymore. Even the fat man and the midget just don't attract the same crowds they used to. It's still a good business, the carnies agree, one they wouldn't give up for most anything in the world. Not as long as there are still children of all ages whose eyes light up when they hear those enticing words. "Step right up -three balls for a quarter. See the incredible 900-pound man. ..Whatsamatter kid? Afraid to ride the death-defying double ferris wheel?" 0 p k it t( ni 9( 

PAGE 18

1, alligator, thursday, april 3 1980 UF: many fire code violations B Pat Cavanaugh Aligator Staff Writer Even though students living in UF dormitories have repaired their frayed electrical cords and have rearranged their dorms so that dressers do not block fire exit windows, they may now be asked to clean up their lounges and remove furniture from the hallways. Among fire code violations reported recently by two inspectors from the State Fire Marshal's office were stoves left turned on and bicycles, ironing boards and grocery carts blocking fire exits. In a 67-page annual fire safety survey report released Wednesday, inspectors reported nearly 400 fire code violations within the 37 student housing buildings. Inspections of additional UF buildings will continue for several weeks. UF Fire Prevention Officer Gordon Nuce said most of the violations are minor and can be corrected immediately. "Some of the violations state that a fire door was left open or a chair was in the hallway. These can be corrected now," Nuce said. "Other violations are major and will be very costly if corrected," Nuce said. "Some glass framed corridors need to be replaced with one-hour, fire-rated walls." The walls arerequired by the fire marshal's office and are thick enough to resist a fire from burning through in one hour. UF officials are seeking $10 million for campus fire code corrections with $928,050 earmarked toward violations found in dormitories. The request will be presented to the State Legislature April 8. But the Board of Regents plans to request only $2 million for UF fire code corrections. Ben Bennett, maintenance superintendent of UF housing said $2 million is not enough for the entire campus when housing alone needs nearly $ 1 million and they represent less than one-quarter of the buildings on campus. "If we have to repair the dorms, then we need the money," Bennett said. "We may have to reduce blanket and stove orders if we can't get the money from the Legislature. We just do not have the money from operational funds to cover it," Bennett said. "Bennett said the last time UF Housing received any money from the Regents for fire code violation corrections was in 1974. The amount was approximately $280,000, he said. The grant was used to construct secondary exits in Murphree, Sledd and Fletcher dormitories, because some of the buildings had only one entrance and exit. In the recent March 12 inspection, one of the secondary exits failed because the door was locked. "It's no wonder it was locked," Bennett said. "We had to construct those (secondary) exits inside dorm rooms and if the student living in that room has his door locked then the exit is locked. I'm not happy with it, but it was the only place we could build exits and stairwells." UF Planning and Analysis Director Gary Koepke said UF has many fire code violations, but most are not major. But others are extensive repair jobs that may require $10 million for correction. "If we start knocking out walls to make secondary exits, and replacing doors that do not meet specifications, then we are going to need the money," Koepke said. Other major violations that could send repair costs spiraling into millions of dollars are: -replacement of outside fire ladders that (1o not meet specifications; b-installing emergency lighting throughout the corridors in case of power shortages; and &,installation of sprinkler systems in basements that are being used for storage. Bennett said that he will send a letter to the maintenance supervisor of each housing area, the assistant director for each residence hall and the building services superintendent in charge of custodial work. The letter will outline what each person is responsible for repairing. I-'-'-*STUDENT RATES AVAILABLE GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA SKATEPARK PIIONE TO)AY 377-9503 5719 Northwest 13th Street m m mm.mm m mm= mm.= m m mme m. We Specialize" I Ine In F resh -Slad, HomemadleQuiche, Crelpes, Notipsand kstdwichex aid THA T heips us offer you the best liGHTmealin en! & S I A. SBring coupon and get a free S bow of soup with large salad 1108N.rMainStreet S I a.m.-8p.m. Monday -Saturday i !P~QUICKCOMMEA 11H NOWIWECAONLYI 14 6ETHITO14L lowF~ YOU CANSAY THAT AGAIN!IMUP TO MY EARS IN ARIDrTY! SPOrrED IT!AL 4D oNe THI RD.--. 40 TAKGN OUTA SIX-PACK. gffARE 10 DIVE' WE WILL SUTHEM ON THE BEACH4ES. Wr WILL UD THEM ON THE LANDING ROUNDS. WE SHALL BUD THEM. My 00yWA IN FiNG OF BE(RS .-ANHE USER BUSCH INC ST LOUIS ,z.,Wmmm"": I-.11-,. I --7- 

PAGE 19

CHEERING THE FABULOUS FORTIES PRM FErV HW"Y > AML 9. C QED SUNWA. SEnjoy an Easter Feast x from Publix.Florida has for50years. Serve a traditional Easter Feast of succulent ham with the finest trimmings, a juicy beef roast or your favorite poultry from Publix. We're completely stocked with everything you'll need. for a start-from-scratch meal your family won't 17 forget. Or you can ask Publix to prepare your Easter dinner for you right in our home-style Deli. Remember, one way or another, Florida families have feasted with Easter dinners from Publix for over 50 year. You can, too. Swift's Premium Full kyCooked (Either End or Whole Swi remiumProTenorU.D.A. SM OKED H AM S' Government-Inspected Heavy Western Beef: 79IBEEF ROASTS Chuck Blade Roast. .41" P r 9-1r Boneless Chuck Eye Roast Complete Your Easter Treat With North Carolina (Imperial Oven Roast). SWEET POTATOES Boneless Chuck $26 Shoulder Roast .1. 2 SHOp 1,91b. c SAVE 500, Regular, Drip, Fine or Electric Perk Reynol's (I 2inch) Aluminum> Folger's Coffee. ._. $25 Foil W rap .-.a 394 er (Limit I Please, With Other Purchases of S5. SAVE-124, Fleischmann's Regular .9. or More, Excluding all Tobacco Items) Margarine ..:771 where shoppin is a pleosure A Cnsilee aster Feast from the Dell at Publix TURKEY ID N R Serves 8 to 12 people HAM DINER Serves8 to 12 people 9 to 10-lb. Cooked Trkqy 'Heat 'N Serve 3-lb. Boneless Cooked Ham Heat 'N Serve 4-Ub. Gieene But 4-lbs. Green Beans 4-lbs. Au Gratin atos9 4-lbs. Yams and Apples ? 1-d$en 7 1s -dozen Dinner Rolls I ciIi br, thursday, april 3.1980,19 

PAGE 20

20. alligator, thursday, april j,98O SHIA% -1~\ VHEPI RIOTIC FORTI ES 0 APRIL 9, 19M0 CLOSED SUNDAY 193) leP'A Publix 'lFraditioon., Pub x rha --Giving You Our When families Eastergathered for an EasEerfFinestt inthe 40's they enjoyed the finest Pubhx had to offer -from succulent hams to all the ingredients for Mom's special desserts Chocolate Easter candies were a rare and special treat for the lttle ones Giving families our finest 4? for Easter s still a proud tradition for us. Families still gather around the some traditional favorites. ___ Our Easter goodies delight the children But today, Publix can even help Dad capture the holiday in pictures with our photo processing service. THIS AD EFFECTIVE THURSDAY, APRIL 3, THRU WEDNESDAY, APRIL 9, 1980 .. CLOSED SUNDAY Tureytoa toe.Ih o aaSwe Slicing,-d preerrt 6 1$renOios.9 c te l F &59 Ra.1i. --" wce .0 Flor Fry TheF r U.S. #, rCCh's Excelent Baked, Florida PurPe -e OlCe for Frozen Seaf ocos Potatoes.1 esEgln ., Good For Snacks, Salads, o'r Fr Sak o g, Seafood Treat, Skinless Larkge, US.izec Snapper Fillet. s" (CotadTonuito .1b.3W* Seafood Treat, Medium.Great For Reftsh Trays, Sun U car .3 .b" 2 World Brand (2 BUnCh Rock Shrimp. 2w$30 Florida Red or White Seedless Pr PCkage) P~br: Tt oft upwwW n 111rap1,011r1it .6 8.1 iGreen Onions. .4* PSDawgC ehoie Exceont Stean d, or in oacBodriFor Salad or res h Trays,e U OA D G iInpe tdFlorida Florida Fresh reYenBueCoweee 69 USDA Choice Bed CLoinabge-.-.-.1. 10' "re" Sirloin Steak .$09 ecious Raw or Cooked, Fresh Crisp USDA Choice Beef GPlateB liho.1 ShtR .., Cab g. 2 120Ding."and Steak .P .2w $309 990 .a mm n n USDA Choice Beef PS1e ............................ tn s p e -e d "e a, W e s ternBe ef Swift's Premium ProTen Beef Loin Sirloin Steak .7 3" Swift's Premium ProTen Boneless Beef Top Round Steak. 0 003" Swift's Premium ProTen Beef Key Club Steak .3 Swift's Premium ProTen Beef Chock Blede SteA .P 2Swift's Premium ProTen Beef Plate -'' *2 SAVE 20C, Everfresh Frozen Glazed Donuts. 89 SAVE 50c, Celeste Frozen Deluxe Pizza3."-%"319 SAVE 33c, Banquet's Frozen Chicken. Beef or Turkey Pot Pies.4 .sk'1 % Gortoe's Frozen Batter Fried Perch Portions .$I" Singleton's Peeled & Deveined Frozen Shrimp. '." $40 M ( Ll L H c of Delicious Cooked Salami or Beef Bologna."wb" 59t Tasty Thuringer or Summer Sausage."Z*' 79Zesty-Flavored Macaroni Salad. 79s Always a Family Favorite Hoagie Sandwich. 79 Fresh-Baked App* or Dutch Apple Pie .* $ 139 Fresh-Made Italian Bread .69' Ready-to-take-out Southern Fried Chicken. '|$2" PUBLX RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT OUANTTES SOLD wift Premium or Lazy Maple BIed Baon. ."g S wift Premium Bologna or wift Premium De Thi Ms. pW-gl-4W iwaitney Regular a l pranks1. 15 Rath's Blackhawk Fuly Cooked 3to 5-lb. avg.) lansless Hmm.Pw.*0 umnynd Smage. breakfast inks .99* ykes Regular or Bef Viene rs. t* ones Iverwurst 04.u. 69 30ma Mayor S~oed AUMeatM Iferlety Pak .7 Eisae lmoke 1aug63.. 

PAGE 21

Novo &A' THMS AD EFFECTIVE THURSDAY, APRIL 3, THRU WEDNESDAY, APRIL9, 1980. CLOSED SUNDAY. SAVE 40*, Aesoeted Revore, Seelteet Fromen Yogurt limp~8* ~ SI0p owet gr ..a. ke. SAVE 204, Keeble Grahm. or Cinnamon Crisp .-, SAVE 10, Keebler Cookies Fudge C/ Marsana~ow .Sg .0* SAVE $1.oS, 50* ONf~abel, Lasbyoetergent 3O-k D Concenbs'g.e AN. ;; 'a" SAVE 72s, 300 O Lbe, Fabric aoftener. $Ie .245 DevledHami;,20o OFF tZ, With This Coupon ONLY Chef Boy-ar-dee ~ a PdBeefRavioli S40-oz. can O Expming Wed.,A"p9elM ) 100 OFF With This Coupon ONLY Johnion GEE de Spring, LeMon, Assorted Favors of EO"L"L""IN" i n. Soup Starter Air Freshner .t 59. r. can wayfree I (Expkre Wed., Apd 9,.1IMI Maxi pgdg. 12-t$127 unuunnmune BW Ktch .x.-. COUNTIES: Breakfast Bars 3202 S.W. 35th Blvd. """""""" B 26 N.W. 13th St. 125 W. 34th St. OFF 4115 N.W .1.th Blvd. W isCou poneNLY A F VtlAeusor ted, shriped 8OM :00m:Bp refstar es,UA 1 Mon-Sat .awa.u.aeA w".1.M -3M-S-W-5t'eBlvd_ V" SAVE 13c, Kraft's 'Squeeze" 11M IParkay W. 9 Margarine .: 69* SAVE 10g, Kraft's Dessert Kraft's Chunk Style Whipped Regular or Aged Topping. 79$ Swiss Cheese. ;k s1 SAVE 20C, Philadelphia Brand Wisconsin Cheese Bar Family Size Shredded Mozzarella or Cream Cheese. s' x 100 Cheddar Choose .68s SAVE 250, Pasteurized Process Wisconsin Cheese Bar Cheese Spread Muenster Kraft's Cheese .$223 Velveeta .lof 2" Wisconsin Cheese Bar Sliced SAVE 6g, Dairi-Fresh :XProvolone Whipping Cheese .pkt 99* Cream. 59* Wisconsin Cheese Bar Longhorn, SAVE 32C, Pillsbury "Big Country" Mozzarella or Sharp Buttermilk C1ddar0Cheese .-s9 Biscuits .4 ;. Hunt's Italian Tomatoes Kraft Coleslaw Salad Dr N ing .2 890 Kraft Creamy Italian Salad DressIng. 77* Sun Maid Seedless Scot s Raisins ..b-*149 Heinz Rich, Thick Tomato Ketchup ..59 Chef Boy-ar-des Cheese Pizza Ex.2.oz $173 Chocolate, Rice or Tapioca, Snack Peck Hunt's Puding 16-oz. Little Brownie SaMiner or 11 -oz. Snk craces. 65. Chocolate covered Penuts, Peanut Regular, Drip, ADC or Ckuters or Chocolate Bridge Mu Electric Perk Coffee Brach's Candles. 'u$1 s5 Maxwell 3-Musketeers, Milky Ways or House. 62 Cnd Bars. 89* T-as .TastyAndes Tea 11gs ..box -oz-e .$ 115 Uncle Se'sMint Wafers. ails Wild Rice. si. -Plain box M&M Candies .: 894 Tootsie Roil Midgees. 49* lOY,'ldPrlf3,'19(lD, 21 ...---------------nn.urs~y, ~pru ,5, Iw.l, NT m ---:wAPRIL 4TH IS -FLORIDA HEART PUMP DAY Fund opeatn.seric satin eaer PFla., Gr.de A 26oz fors8pc 1z.00ons o ack 20cowvt d Sau ea "w.rwxV opk srsceTt' x -EXTRA~rWWW~ta EPeepiiet ru whmloam r s nau amp Budwei1.r Beer fearuiof 12 oz cans6 yak API1y32 t.Co e .(CSaupan Exie e. pN9 9 1.8-lu-Tx----.--.-.. BO1.U0 BUYNors ofF With This Coupon ONLY SAVE 24t,, 7-oz. Green Giant Niblets Corn JiDad or 8 %-oz Crea Style Corn, Sweet Peas Cunx Dog Food ExiW" 1"a9. M) Green Beans .4 ::.:.$1 uaannnuenn SAVE 404, Peter Pon Crunchy or Regular ""''*0*****"*** Peanut Butter. 1 35* OFF SAVE 70s, Smucker's Wfth This Coupon ONLY Strawberry Jam .jar tso SAVE 30s, Flavor Perfect Love My Carpet T Bags .1* -t$139 (E-rsWe.,. 1" SAVE 34s, South Shore 11121022f nenunon Stuffed Olives .Pa 590 """"""""" RESERVES 20 OF THE RIGHT With This Coupon ONLY TO UMIT Wo0i GUANTTES Wo.t 16-o. bot. F r (E xpires Wed., April 9, 1990) A V E G00-000000000000 UNDEPWOOE60000000 S Is666 

PAGE 22

n, alligator, -thursday, april 3 1980 Textbook exchange offers relief from inflation By Wendy Kaufman Alligator Writer With inflation at an annual rate of about 18 percent, UF students are seeing a steady increase in the cost of their educations. And the cost of textbooks is no exception. At the Campus Shop and Bookstore, students can be found complaining about the high costs of their textbooks. "The students' complaints are legitimate,'' said bookstore Director Sam Getzen, "because each quarter we get rash new prices." The textbooks are priced according to the manufacturer's suggested retail price, though the bookstore buys them at a 20 percent discount, he said. "A book we sell new for $10 we.pay $8 for. The difference is used for operation costs. Profit is minimal. At the end of this year. we will probably show a 3 or 3.5 percent profit margin," Getzen said. But this does not comfort UF students who say that even used books are overPriced. "The used books are a little steep. Trhe bookstore seems to be more profit tan they're supposed to, considering they are a non-profit organiza tion," Karl Mueller, 4LS, said. Student Government's alternative to the standard buy-and-sell textbook business is a book exchange in room 365 of the J. Wayne Reitz Union. Open weekdays from i to s p.m., the book exchange allows students to buy books at a lower costland sell books at a higher profit. Book exchange Student Director Ines Falo said, "the HUB (bookstore) gives only half price on books students want to sell back. We want to give students an opportunity to get more than that." All books are welcome at the exchange. Students set the selling prices and pay 10 cents for the service. If a book is sold, a check is sent to the student, she said. Books covering subjects such as business, foreign language, science and math are bought almost as soon as they are shelved, Falo said. RESTORE the Old Post OIe. For Donations or Pedges: 376-1137 Help us raise $175,000.00 by July I, 196. FRENCH DR ESS 59 AE JFW/17EL .KE -----WI MAR-MALSE E9c PHOT OHESEV IC!1AarAA7 rAV KRA-KTAF GAE20 RAE WJONO E ULAR I.O.HO. SO E T9 EVRON E AE NTES -. ui Rccruuciie un. i SAVE 10' -KRAFT10ILN D TUIRE EP H DRO S ERI CES t P sA i -,.s.C.tsAV 2-upC.H.E.AERHCK9' Fish .A. .KET 9 Flaky RoXl.s ..2 79 Cakle BiC ds ..9Cg AVE 23NE K AFTECA ON TEESV 3-TilT MDEPNYAN SOEUTAAHI uPCE DINNERS .F .3L'" PRCE $ 10 k.AI ,C 5$0 Gho ea 9 SAV 10 VE1KW HFTEAR W 8I K Z N RE N P E GATPERSIRNT91 ALAJELTZRY9 SAVEH FTY-A KRAFCK FIZENAHTURN ASPIRIN.Fs.6979 DMAERASNHMANLLOWESW 39UDAGRDEATH RASE PEYVDE .s 99 Es AIKA SELTZER ....DM99 E~E RYOG NESE S OSTYHE $ AE3'4IT9AI5UNL SIE AAM 0SIE LE "NEP FRI LL"PINEK-d AR 6 9 SAVEA33 TPRIFY .AI.1. H. ER E1" $100WSCi ITAELE99 ASPI R UIN G LYD.IT.KDA. 1 .XOS. E T.ate. on Y .69 PH I OEM OADW-RPTOR -IA OF *E OUsOX" I ZPIE SV 1 K l 3441 W. University Ave. 200 SW 16th Ave. ST FRESH SAvE 30' -SUPENSIAND FUDGE A ps a onges .5 99c Twin Pps .69c EST FRESHSAVE 20 -COLE'S apple. .99cGarli'c Bread ..A99' ESFRy 2 E f-TAST 'SBATTERDIP 2$14 T FRESH GREEN SAVE l0 MR. SMITH NATURAL UI CE Jons .38UNCHES3. on RE 3 wG i 100Apple Pie .iZE$219 Ll C EUA SAVE IS-SUPERMRAND WHIPPED tatoes ...5 BG 69' Topping ....2 s$1 tatoes ...4 25 $1 &LAG ate0. 0 i Party Ice ..8 5. 69' 11 1 YELLOW FOX DELUXE Kh.URER, CHEESE. SAUSAGE & ions ..5 G 89'PepperoniPizza "99c .2500 N.Main St. 2621 Hawthorne Rd. U.S. Hwy. 41 High Springs 1301 NW 6th St. 3503 SW Archer Rd. An Easter Basket AV ofsavings is illClOSD waiting for you =m LOSED 0 .0 STE SUNDAY at Wimn-Dixie STOCK UP NOWR --. _.F PEOP UANMn en UD R AD. '. QUI. FROENW 

PAGE 23

EJIII~9JIOr, muruoa~~ opri, ;j, -'Ihursukupy, 3441 W. University Ave. 200 SW 16th Ave. ANOTH S DO: CL 50 E WITH THIS COU PURCHASE OF $ umfT ONE g COUPON Goc 6. ONLY AT W 100 Extra TASERS CHIE STANT COFFEE UUU S100 Extra STOP VAU STAP -OCT (GA) SSTOROKE BAS C ONGOOD AR34 100 Extra TOP ALE SMP sTE IA O UCON U 100 Extra TOP V Ab. PUNTKMRCSE OF $ -LMRAD ONE COKED PAM CON 00 COUM GO 50 Extra ANT AMJ INSTOANTECOFEE *r IP THESE COUPONS FOR UP TO 00 EXTRA STAMPS ammmeeomeaaemmnm =o k 1" 0Extra1* NESTLES STAMPS ADAL QUICK NC~S0400CCO M e~tamps I FCAUPON AND THE _______ .__._____ 10.00 OR MORE 1 PER FAMLY TOPWRUE NMPST 00 APRHL 3-9 fW I ui en1 n )0 UI -LYSOL SPRAYp MNN-DE DISINFECTANT COUPON OOOD A M COWON IO ammnm nmno uaasmmummmmmn mmmmmm U U 1 100 Extra 100 Extra 100 I TOP VLE SXMPS TOP VLUE STAMPS TOP W* WSINIIEPUSO F WE MI TE PJSOSE OF WITH TM 49-c4. COLD POWER 20-CT PEG. 7 1 O2FF G TRASH CAN DTRETUUERSPWESCO~ 00C M U U 100 Ext1a 100 Extra i 100 TOP VALUE STAMPS TOP %RLUE STAMPS TOP VkL 1mm WITlHEJSSE OP F lu WITH THE PICHASE OF uWITHTH 25-5. BAG 32-oz. BTL AVY TRA 4E mi LISTENS mm202 FOOD AfnSEPTIC 6 V C 00o 0 DS 23-9 COUPON GOOD A 9CO2ON* U 100 Extra 100 Extra e 100 TOPALUE STAMPS TOP VRLUE STRMPS TOP VL urn i WTHENSPURSO F WfTH~r STHEN 1505*55 OP F l IN TWO PKGS. OF GRADE 'A' U 3-5. PKG.-U l S COUNTRY STYLE W-D0BRAND W-D NU OTFYERS BEEF PTTIES BOL OIUP0O 0 A 39 000 AM 3-9 COUPON 000AG g U 50 Extra 00Extra S 50 TOPLUE STAMPS TOP WE STAMPS TOP AL WHINPL1501*55OF -* WITH THIN S OF'55WITHTH I* 1201 .PKG. SUPEWSRAND 5THREE 3-oz. DOXES IE CRA CHINET C JELL saDwuON e PAPEI 0000 G A 9 2 COUPON GOOD AM -9 COLONC U U 50 Extra 50 Extra 5 TOP VALUE STAMPSTO SAMPSTOPE 6-ox PKG.m16-ox PIG.1UNCLE SIS MUELERS REG.OS TIN AUT 19.9ME MIX SAINETT 11 A G000 AIMR3-9 MI GODAIM23-9 COUPONG U Vi ER WINN-DIXIE FAMP NANZA ---2500 N. Main St. 2621 Hawthorne Rd., U.S. Hwy. 41 High Springs 1301 NW 6th St. 3503 SW Archer Rd. OVE W EEFPE MUr .A COUPS GOOD THS -W-E., APIL 3-9 QUANTITY RIOTS RESERVED WINNSERSTORES IN Extra N UE STAMPS E PAME YFRY 0 -~ N Extra mu ME STAMPS U. EPUCHSE O -o. bT 0000 AM 2-9 E= ra3_9 U g LVETA Extra UE STAMPS OO OFMAMSUED LOGNA -~ N Extra UE STAMPS E NN04*SSOF N :OP MENTI 1 PLATES E 000DM 9 Fxba Extra In OAMN T OMATES G000 AIM 29 m~ N amesmemmU I mmm I IV ---Ij 0% vrw Ahm what's happening By Adam Yeomans Alligator Writer UF Motorcycle Club will hold elections tonight at 9 in Room 357 of the Reitz Union. All interested persons are invited. Rides for this quarter will be discussed. UF Judo Club will hold free judo lessons tonight f rom 7 to 9 in the gymnastic section of Florida Gym. The classes are open to students and faculty and beginners are welcome. Israeli Folk Dancing will start tonight in thetHillel Center, 16 NW 18th St. Beginner instruction and request dancing will cost the public 75 cents and Hillel members 50 cents. Catfish Alliance will discuss the April 26 march on Washington tonight at 7:30 at the Alliance office at 115 S. Main St. All interested are urged to attend or call 372-1070. Gainesville Libertarian Alliance will hold a public meeting tonight at 7 in Room 150-C of the Reitz Union. Maranatha Christian Student Center will hold a meeting tonight at 7 in the center on 1 3th Street across from the UF art museum. Everyone is invited and welcome. Alpha Kappa Psi will hold its first meeting of the quarter tonight at 8 p.m. in the Matherly Hall Facult Lounge. UF Intramural Department deadline for men's dorm and married students racquetball, law and sororit softball, and women's badminton is today. Sign up in Room 227 of the Florida Gym. UF Intramural Department will hold a meeting for students interested in working as softball officials tonight from 7 to 9 in Room 206 of the Florida G m. For more information call 392-0581. UF Young Democrats will present District 6 Senate candidate George Kirkpatrick tonight in Room B-65 of the Reitz Union. At tendance is required to vote in the upcoming election. American Cancer Socety will hold a Swing-a-Thon today through Sunday at the TEP house to raise money for the society. Coach Pell will swing off Friday at 7 a.m. Students for Education and Eqlualty will hold slating for Student Government elections today from 3 to 5 p.m. in Rooms 356 and 357 of the Reitz Union and on Friday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. in Rooms B-70 and B-73. P.J.S.A. will hold a pot luck Seder dinner Friday at 6 p.m. All interested Reform Jews call 376-3183 for information. 

PAGE 24

d oh~ao, thursday, aped it80 mmr WE HAVE THE GREATEST LINES OF WATERPROOF BOOKPACKS! t 15 DIFFERENT STYLES TO CHOOSE FROM-WE'VE GOT THE ONE TO FIT YO UR NEEDS WITH LIFETIME E WARRA NTEES. s CENER ALEN'S AQUATICC AND TRAIL C. MONVA~ 93-73-9233 Sqm 9T & W. UiNI. AVE. 3TOOI' UP AND&--W NE E JMATOES 4fr. _.12A of # FRO#I OUR MRM 7 STRAWUERRIES. CAUIFLONER. $lreln$ke $ FRE0mo W IR Mfc Side/a Sinek. 2w. SUEEED ILV*-5 hrlerheue *99 DONELE$ *26! $ik ..Rmp Raw .. T1-auSak .2 CUBE Slkek Sidte/n 1ip ii Gs'euad Chuck1 MIeu NA d fI AWKAN DUSAFSON'S 'mgm~m FfULCUT MILK ROUND STEAK $ 89. Emt 39. LARGE IES ON ROCK$ RM TROUT 16 N.W. 23rd Avenue notuee Es hb Um Census Bureau skips 30,0001peopd in 23 Fla. counties By Robert Bartolotta Alligator Staff Writer Empty mailboxes were all that greeted some 30,000 Filorida citizens this past Tuesday when the census appareot. ly passed them by. But the count will continue as soon aste census bureau's state office straightens out a mailing delay throughout the 2nd Congressional District. The district, ihich encompasses 23 Florida counties i. eluding Alachua, has caused problems for census workers and the U.S. Postal Service who cannot find all rural residents. "We didn't expect this many (census forms) not to be delivered," said Glenn Blacker, district manager of the Tallahassee bureau. "There will be many more people who may not get their forms because of change in address or other reasons. Butour main problem lies with the-master address register -th main computer that prints the list of all persons in the 2t1 Congressional District," he said. The census bureau relies largely on city directories a mailing lists compiled from commercial distributors, suchla Sears. The lists, however, usually are not complete in rur If you have not received the 1980 Census forms, call the toll-free Tallahassee district number: -224-9771. I LEVI'S BRITTANIA SASSON*+ I 0 0I)0 B1IANDEDI L PCKT zz has en LU -m for < 0 S2'pring! < LU z 0l 0 LU X, u 70 D 0 ArcherRo.ad 4 34tih Stret z Mon-Sat 1::EFri 94" S*ORGANIAXGRW* 

PAGE 25

albtotr. ttsurntlm, iwiorI3.19002 FOR RENT bedromtmVernon ap ovailbe 31 fuvished pool laundry control ac call 378-773 or 392-4351 keep I44-5-1 Excellent facility and location. W Univ. Ave. (1/2 block from can3723W, 375-8144 or 375 I-0-1 .0. Partiallty ft. $150 mo. plus util. oopt.pt partial-y W2 $1. close by UF 2 br. OtPrily 0 Ms5 NW 15 TO stud-sOnok375-O 6-"-49-l rtt3 bed. dvple $260 mo. 716 W 4 .Nice neighborhood. Students only pets 50466449-1 12 DRt OUADRAEXAPTS. EXHLENT IN IN + SW PRIVATE PATIO GAT*WDHOOK UP NO PETS 376-3336 141 Idas tvp cash paid for high shcool + ltts class ings and other gold or silver ervae investor* 378-9615. Wgin Village $325/mo. 3 huge droms 11/2 both townhouse close to rytn Apil I 1 378-5398 furn. (could 2br)oncrkhllll 44-4-1 AIANvillage sublet sing + summer I bt turn. vn 2nd floor with blcony ding directly to pool $300/mo. 375-3725 .5-1 i 10 Sult, one bedroom $I85/month, nnpsty Gardens Available Immediately il Hank 32-4W 441-5-1 nted someone to sublet a two bedroom, @both Hawaiian VillogeApt. for summer Rent is $240. Please call 374-8442 -.-Mmmwwwmmmm W -dmadw bedioei/2-bcthpool/tnnlstcomut sauna Call 374-40 keep tryingI 4851I inusMen roam2zboerm apt. wearing die. to UN $10841/2 ufil + pone 373808 4"-2 faclhftes. Should be for 2 persins. 0nly $23 per monlti. M u~Keep trytn. 441-1Raammat needed to shme 2 br. opt. $122.3 .+ 1/2 util. non-enkers. only call ob 376-495 keep trying prefer grod or up. perclss 4-3-21 VIZCAYA bedroom pt. sletimmdiate. ly or May 1 $195 mo. reeew leae in Oct if you wOt coN 378-2223 anhtlmtiSe keep tryIng 4.9-5-1 Sublet for Kmmer a 1 bedroom opt. at University Gardens. $175 pm ma., available 616-0, pool, central heat + air, call 372-2712 4-9-S-1 3 vacancies for clo ca-op male + female, $360 includes meal + utilities one black from campus more info. call 372-932 B8r.bar 49-SI Female to sublet own bdrm, 4 bdrm townhouseVillage Apis. Thru August$82.30 a month Call Pam 373411111114-9-5-1 one bedroom troller near UF $125.00 pm month coil 378-9727. 4-7-3-1 1 bedroom furnished apt. for rent after April 17. 3 blocks from U of F, secluded area. Call Mon-Thurs. 377-0232 4-7-3-1 Windmeadows sublet for summer 1g. 1 brm, furnished by the pool close to shopping and UF Call 373-9460 4-9-5-1 Sublease 2 bedroom trailer in Alomar Gardens tilt June $118 mth, 1st, last, + $50 dep. no Pets Call 373-4244 or 3928193 4-8-5-1 Efficiency ($140), I bdr, ($160) and 2 bdr. ($174-224) for rent far fall and sumrw Special low summer discount of approx. 30%. 4 blocks from campus, pool. Call Univ. Apis.ot376-8990 4-8-5-1 Available Spr. or Spr/Surn, I bedroom, furnished,in beautiful bdrm house with cent. hair, washer/dry, carpet + nuch more. $110 per month + 1/4 utilities. No deposits req. 407 NW 34 St. 372-0754 44-4-2 $100 per month + 1/4 utilities, 4 bedroom house, all students, quiet, kitchen, both, and oc. Call Jerry 375-20 ofter 9 pm 4-7-3-2 -m Nonsmoking 1 or 2 females share 2 br. furn. Roommate wanted, Regancy Oaks $112.50 apt. with 2 other girls rent $175.00/$87.50 plus 1/22utilities VS-1707 awn roam, in+ 1/3 or 1/4 utilities Williamsburg medtate occupancy. 4-4-2-2 376-9924/372-5037 4-4-2-2 male-roommosto share great looking 2 be. 2 both in awaiian Village $SW ma. + 1/4 util. non-smoker preferred move in right away. 377-4796 4-9-5-2 female roommate, prefer 24-30 nonsmoker, own room and bathroom $117.50 ma. 1/2 utilities 378-1094 after 5 4-9-5-2 Female roommate to shore bdrm 1/4 utilities rent $72.50 per month Brandywine pt. 79 call 376-8781 to move in April. 4-7-3-2 Need a female roomate to share a beautiful, furnished Regency Oaks apt. Only $73.75/mo. + 1/4 utilities. Please call 378-3387 4-9-5-2 Female roommate wanted. $175 now until June 15, + 1/3 utilities. Close to campus, pool, etc. Call 374-4291. 4-3-1-2 Female own room 2 br. apt., 3 blocks to UF. no deposits, cent. air, color tv. $125/mo. + 1/2 utilities. 377-2054 4-9-5-2 FdMale Roommate needed, for spring and/or Female*roomate wanted own room i summer, $78 per mo. + 1/3 util. Hawaiian house close to cOmpus no pets $140 mo. inVillage Apts. Call 377-5096 4-7-3-2 cludes util. 377-1380 4-9-5-2 Heed2 female roomnotes own rooms $82.50 Move in immediately. Own bedroom in the + 1/4 utilities. Many benefits Tennis. Village opts. $82.50 + 1/4 utilities. hbo, raracketball, pool Village opt. call 373-0488 quetball, tennis, pool Call 377-4893 4-9-5-2 or 373-7068 keep trying. 4-7-3-2 female needed to shore 2 bdrm 11/2 both twnhs $60 + 1/4 utilities. 10 min. walk to UF; pool, laundry, carpet, central air. Call now. 375-6917 4-8-4-2 Female roommate wanted in the Village opts. Own room furn. $85 mo. + 1/4 util. Call before 6 pm 378-2395 after 6 pm call 375-0918 4-7-3-2 Available Now Own Room at Regency Oaks $115 per mo. + 1/3 ut. + phone. Itst last + $100 deps. 3 bdrm/2 bth. Col Debbie 375-6562 nonsmoker. 4-7-3-2 Female roomate for own bedroom w/both. 1/3 utilities, phone, etc. Nice complex, laundry + tennis courts. Available now '378-1107 4-7-3-2 Female roomate wanted. Own room in a 2 bedroom, 2 both, furn. opt. of Country Gardens, close to campus, behind V.A. hospital Call 376-3861 4-9-5-2 Female roommate wanted for a three bdrm. house NW section $125 a month + 1/3 utilities Coll Carol 377-1395 4-9-5-2 Roomote wanted for April and May. Must be clean. Pets welcome central air $100pm month 1/4 utilities. No deposit call after 5 376-9917 4-9-5-2 Wanted Female student to share bedroom in a 2 bedroom apt. $75 a month rent + 1/3 util. We have cable and HBO Call 374-8442 485-2 Female, non-smoker; upperclassman or graduate student; Own room in 4 bdrm, 3 bth home near low school, $105 + 1/4 util. call 372-9810 4-3-2.2 Female to share BR in 2 BR 2 both. Gatorwood Apts. April free; $105/mo + 1/3 electric call Karen 3744083 4-4-3-2 FEMALE roomate wanted for spring qtr. -| (lease renewable): own room in quiet 2 berm apt. 1 mile from campus $140/mo + 1/2 utilities. call 392-9426 keep trying Look Your Best For Easter4-52 $92.50/mo. for nice opt. 4 bIks. from campus. need female to shore 1-bedroom (sort Rent A Car of) opt. please call Madeleine or Wendy 37,725 4-8-5-2 OWN ROOM in house with a large yard and From Gator Auto Leasing 3a~-a7rya Fro Ga or utoLea inggarden. $108 +I 1/3 util. call 376-34111 and please keep trying. 4-8-5-2 quiet nonsmoking male, modern furn. Easter Rates $\93 home, own room + both.laundry.'$145 + 1/2 util./mo. lease, security. 372-1115 4-11-8-2 Rent from Friday 3 PM until Monday 9 AM LIEA omt osoe2B.Atfr LIBERAL Roomate to share 2 BR. Apt. fur-. INCLUDES 360 FREE MILES nished. $82.50/mo rent, 17 min. to UP, No cigarettes, 324 NE 11th st., 377-4499, Cody Calltody ad nwe yur ~woratins.4-4-3-2 GWM needs clean non-smoker to shore nice GATOR AUTO LEASING cal 3774025 Keep trying/before 12 is 3535 Ne Main St., 372-2561 llSE g 4-7-4-2 A affiliated with Howes-Chrysr PlynouPlyrnouth I or 2 girls wanted to shore 2 bedroom apt. A tsr erMust seel Call Diane or Eileen at 376-5514 a~4-8-5-2 Free Delivery (Within Specified Area) Large Chef Sala Regular Subs Giant Footlong Sandwiches Pizza Giant 6 Ounce Plus: Quiche, Frei 1,Buy 2 Giaz With Thi kbstaurant & Lounip In, Y.U"mft-% U" e xt tot -A"V ae. Female roomote wanted to share house S ri .with myself. Nice place quiet area, own bedroom and 1/2 expenses. Call Marty. Free Delivery 375-3046445-2 (Within Specified Area) rmmate wanted for nw3 bebr/2 NW house central heat, air, washer/dryer, fireplace $130/mo. + 1/3 utilities, call Ld from $2.05 3765615 4452 frmRE9REHNTwht-se-own room, fatfrom $1.9" nishd, dishwomiher, walk to UF, 30 days Subs FR "^iAvailabl'o1August25 Call Cathy from $2.35 74W5.vnings4-15-10-2 frOM $1.45 femaleroommate to share townhouse own room close to compus $150/mo + utilities e~~ll from $I." VS6754--Char-Burgers from $2.45 Available now, share comfortable 3 br. hh Fr ed om3blks from U. 91/mo. + 1/3 nch.F Mushrooms & Homemade Soups -utilities. Coll Sam,.374-8595 48-52 -'.-----.-.-.-,Roomote needed, very spacious, close to it Ialins G t te Thrd REEUF, only $80 a month Call Terry after 5:00, at Italians Get thie Third FREE 37-602 4--"'"'"" i CouPW Expires 4/9 own room in large 2 berm 11/2 both op. m on. near campus pool furnished $222.50 deps. .$120/ma. 1/2 util. 377-6520 Preston m4eg. *.Landmark 4-8-5-2 HAPPY HOUR* Female rmmate wanted 16shore-bd/b'hrm. .Mon-Fi 2-in 2 bd/2bth twnhouse $110.50 + 1/3utIl. sat & Sun .n .--i tenni" rqball "sauna pool. 377-232 ft 10 AM til Cksinc o ~ s as$ 1 M AM I2 summer quarter Female r-mctes wanted; low-ion Village9-32 th. 1/4 u litif 3774I9M64-3-2-2L4-32feal eroommw nede: own roam In Village Park apt, Very ciloecmpusiL110ma. + 1/2 utilit*es Call 376-9917. ramaewantd to mole, awn 6"-.a 1/4 utlllie rigt ari from Tiger. Call 375877 4-7-7-2 roommates wanted for 3 bedrm 21/2 both Rodmmate wanted for spring + summer OAK FOST townhouse move in June or $65 pr month non-smoker 16th Ave. are Sept. M/F non-smoker lease $132 per o. + 1/4 utilises. 47-4-2 + 1/3 bills w/d need bdrm. furn. 378-0181 ROOMMATE 200"MTEWANIU Furnishd two bed Gatorwood apt. own room both and telephoneColl 375-1068 4-9-5-2 Male -or engneeng student wanted for Ring qtr. only $110/mo. Alemar GardesCall 374192 4-9-5-2 Male roommate wanted. Own room in house 2 miles from campus near G'ville Mall. $1110/month + 1/3 utilities. Call Mike 376-1201. 4-4-3-2 OWN ROOM in furn. 2 br. opt. pool, close to bus. Studious person pref. Call now 376-7893 4.8-5-2 ROOMMATE I room in new house for rent to mature non-smoking mole person. New kitchen, washer and dryer $125/mo. 378-4674 4-8-5-2 sublet 1 room in4 bdrmopt. l0per month plus 114 utilities the Place opts. Call Cindy 377-4235 female only. 4-432 2 roommates needed for Gatorwood apt. 100 2337 SW Archer Rd. rent $75 per month + 1/4utilitiiescomebyafter5p.m. 4-9-5-2 FEMALE roommate for 1 bdrm. duplex 4 min. walk to UF $97.50 + furnished. summ 4term only. Call Dede 373-2763 great place 4-9-5-2 Room ovail. in 3 br. 2 b house in NW. Neat, financially capable, no cigarens. $1 10/mth. + deposits 373-1106 after 5 pm. 4-4-2-2 Female roommate need immediately own room $150.00/mo. + 1/2 utilities Gatorwood opts. Call 373-8813 Cindy 4-9-5-2 Mal Roomate own bedroom in 2 br. furnished apt. close to campus $125/mo. + 1112 utilities call 375-8632 after 5 pm Kerry. 4-9-5-2 Roommate needed to share in 3 bdrm house, May 1. Looking for a clean, responsible, quiet vegetarian. $120/mo. + 1/3 util. Ist + lost. Located near Low School! No cigs or pets please. Call Anne eves. ofter 8 at 373-9926. 4-30-29-2 Attention! Female roommate needed for luxury opt. excellent location 1/4 until. call im. mediately 375-1116 GREAT DEAtLI 4-4-5-2 female to share rm in furnished 2 br. apt. Summit House, close to VA. $87.50/mo. + 1/3 utilities, non-smoker please. 377-9749 4-4-5-2 Sublet for spring and summer. $70/mo. for a bedroom in 3 bedroom house. plus onethird utilities. call Greg or Brad 376-61694-4-5-2 Wanted: One or two Roommates for a Two bedroom opt. Call 376-0685 or come by PinetreeGordenApt. P-54-4-5-2 AVAILABLE Nowl Share 3 br. Northwood home. Own both, H.8.O. washer, dryer, cent. air, etc. $175/m. + 1/2 until. 373-0678, 373-5584 4-4-5-2 female roommate wanted $90 per month + utilities own bedroom 1 back'to campus available now call 373-0396 4-3-4-2 female wanted to share roomin 2 bedroom opt. Own bathroom, cable T.V., close to campus. $80 month + 1/4 utilities coll 375-3676 4-4-5-2 Female roommate to shore 2 bedroom poolside apartment near campus ($260/mo.) Call 377.3028 or see manager during day. 4-4-5-2 male roommate grad/prof student master bdrm own both nar campus+ shopping nw sect. pleasant surroundings $115/mo. 375-8430 eve 4-4-5-2 female roomate needed 2 bed I both unturn, bedroom $120 + 1/2 t1, col 372.7498 4-7-6-2 Female: Share a room in large house near UP Ho pets. sec. dep. required $100110/mo. includes utilities. Call 375-1349 4-18-I15-2 FEMALE rooirmefor spacious 2 bedroom 2 bathroom opt. sauna pool + tennis court close to campus $103 + utilities. Gotorwood call 374-248 4-4-5-2 non-smoking female to shore large mobil home. Own bedroom, share other facilities. $90 per mo + 1/2 utilities + $50 deposit 475-1698 43-5-2 .wI female wanted to share bedroom in Sublet 1 br. ufurnishted ape. $100/mo. 213 Stonerdge apt. $87.50/mo. + 1/3 util. SE 2nd pl. Call Paul 3-9M after 6 prn Move in as soon as possible Call Mabel 4-4-3-1 374-487 or 375-933 4-9-5-2 4-4-5-2 rmmife needed 4 three bedroom duplex, 1/2 block frm campus $9Smo. + 1/3 until students only call 3744650 or 375-1075 ask 4 Don. 4-4-5-2 Male student, nonsmoker needed spring qtr. avail. immediately own master br w/both. Beautiful furnished Windmeadows apt., $150/mo. + 1/2 ut. 378-1372 4-4-5-2 immediate top cash paid for high school + college class rings and other gold + silver pieces. private investor ****.378-.*** 4-4-5-2 female roommate needed by April 5 to sublease 1/2 mast. bedrm. in Hawaiian Village 2 bd. 2 both apt. 187.50 per mo. plus 1/3 util. Call 378-9025 4-3-3-2 female, nonsmoker. Nice house in NW section. Has dishwasher, clotheswasher, HBO, storage shed, etc. $110 monthly. Call 373-7105. 4-7.5-2 FEMALE nonsmoker. Own room in Village Park Apts. Available Immediately. Call Deanna 375-3718. 4-3-3-2 Female to shore rm in furnished 2 br. apt. Village Park, spring $71.25/mo. + 1/4 utilities. Special rent for summer optional. 373-9422. 4-7-5-2 Room for rent in 1g. 3 br. house fully fur. wished house w/washer + dryer. Biking distance from school. $135/mo. split util. 377-5573. 4-7-5-2 Studious mole to share spacious 2 br. apt. with senior EE student. Cent. air/heat, own room, yard. Near Butler Plaza. $100 mo., First, last, dep., 378-4668eves. Rod 4-9-6-2 female to shore new 3 br. house forest of Unicorn. Wooded bkyd. with lake. pool, tennis, rqtball. own rm. $110 mo. + $15 fee 377-6107 4-4-3-2 FOR SALE Electra Guitar w/cose for sale-never played has life time warranty $700 new-asking $450 call 376-1472 4-8-5-4 FANS, 20", only $15 Call Frank, 375-4611 "keep trying" 4-4-3-4 2 10-speeds $100, $150. Roller skates Men's (7)$30. Suitcase $5 John. 378-8949 4-4-3-4 74 Suzuki-elec bass guitar-advent dorm size speOkes teac cassette deck w/doby sony omp-turntoble make offer John 376-0109 4-4-3-4 p 

PAGE 26

--,-I= -cge 4. l s= -.------r-------------------* ALLGATOR LNFTLATION FIGHTER | I e co 4dr--:q w -= IP" 30 mm m mm m -mmmmm m mr + ew vw $1 i Maeow oswutmm m m m mm m m e -cn %ows dmlv FOR SALE D-0 -mm -B-= 3m MC M, UNO-=;-=x ----r za=2c-m -x.e,. we no-ar *;-cw.: e. .r -di A.*-we --: v %me ."a =-lc* 5. -r 50*-w-, oh. scp ia e -dAJE :scr&4 AX 'e -, V c ZZ -2-. cE 5-t,-Z-,n--,v -Xcp 5 Rc -vr c---: -3w:-con e r1:3:Ce scc -w---.n o mc mmc -c 2 ----Ac -xvc; --e s W M 2~ ~ ~ -c :.' :=ne -.:rcx --so *c Z, z z::7.-c ----w 3sS :-:--MEW-: .B., rc s --.---,=r-<;r -c -e: 5rc -c S :a-?== -: -v =: se: S -MX 3ee :--JrEvr: sc-c:--:S -7 ----Z:v -es .1 e --. ----c R -; s .m -D .u s L-s7s :z -c AN-c S E e3k .5:: :4 D 9. -X-A= S j & r4-4 A4 AND 9-M B -ne s -a A song that ccil~d breakyour heart is thI sZrv iof her life. I:15in 4 :PG 2:15 4AW 7*5 9:31 NOMINATED ACADEMY FOR AWARDS DENNIS CHRISTOpHR BARBARA BARRIE IN BREAKING AWAY 2:45 4:55 7:5 9:15 capt. TWO ms Coon -Masha Maso 2:2 4:45 7:16 9:25 PUT DISCOUNT TlCKETS ACCEPTED FO ALL FEATURES MONDY U AY 1j8 MeX --IMLI Mc wom 4 '%M" -mmo -c c -m C-, A-.5 -CI& ZZ-=o en A --,YE elkL3 A' Y -,e -x -HELP WANI -n ce TED r-N -P I S U E T E R ? --zl 1S o-;-.2 --.t = = : N -ma rs .c515r-21 S I ~ ---rc-wnor -. -m x -c x -c AX .A c, -IAe. -.A -2* 1 V e --. Z-O--43.f PERSONAL --ef .L %20 -2 + -----04 JI p' I TM .OW.s id =o.7 % Gm e. o *0 .,NNW* 011 P S X2-SO 4-4-5-9 -00422tow 1,34 *O -54 *h MD aouMon orv 1 ..R.13 U 372-7 T-ot ..,." ---"'--' -t -0 ----t -Dr. 1,Ne "4 *a69rs 21.5 Pgh Pn t I 2 -, er .o .e 2lr 1, WIC CUOP -c w 2P-co.04+0"Oft.30 'M UNION 04")A -E2 s 2 .70 A -.9t 4 -0 %1M 91b2 % 2w caa r2o w 3Pyok. PL-C 1 Gaimo.gh r rbnSrg ?G58&0-92l9-" b 0% 1 a& E Cd ape2 ov 6w cp3-90863 2w5poG-m $-10 a -5* .a, v 1 OW.1 412 2VA-. -.18-M on P3-w M Sat ftu e2a&oM 102"-259 weei eEec eo.H eeoy~~.=rit Joe CANow-1h6k3 f om re.d ____ ____LOST &FO -2-R G. N 215 10 ., 3-Y: -o-j e bony. Q wd SO IIHMTAK M =-. -Idovs162yL 2OAg 2 ..ve -7 .4h 0 -nd m d .4 -4 -mes .go s.7--930pAe aum jyvvUw50 %% -3 -711CAM 366w I 

PAGE 27

alligator, thu a i1 3, 1980,27 ports Top-ranked Ann Woods finally can sleep easy Rhonda Bright ligator Writer Ann Woods, ranked No. 1 in the nation oing into the 1980 AIAW Ntional ymnastics championships which begin riday, hasn't been losing sleep worrying bout how she'll measure up to her billing, as he did last year. Entering the two-day competition in aton Rouge, La., Woods finds herself in the me position as a year ago when she ompeted for Clarion State in Pennsylvania. or the second straight year she is rated highest among the ISO gymnasts competing in the nationals. "I worried about placement last year and felt too pressured before the meet. I lost so many nights of sleep just thinkinabout it," said the UF sophomore,who finished fourth. "It was the worst meet I was ever in I choked. "I will go into this meet (nationals) like it's just another dual meet, so I won't feel all that pressure. I don't care how I place. As long as I perform the best I can and hit all my tricks. I'll be satisfied," Woods said. When Woods went into UF's five dual meets this year, she came out a winner each time, grabbing the all-around title in every meet and placing first in all the individual events at four of the meets. In the process of topping the other gymnasts, she set and reset all UF's individual records. The marks now stand at 38.25 overall, 9.35 on balance beam, 9.55 on floor exercise, 9.65 in vault and 9.70 on the uneven parallel bars, all scored by Woods against Michigan State. The 9.70 singleevent score and the 38.25 all-around total are the best of her 10-year career. Although generally pleased with her dualmeet performances, Woods said, "I was in a slump at the regionals .I screwed up." But, she wound up with the regional title. photos by bob self At the Region III Championships in March, Woods fell off the uneven parallel bars and the balance beam, finishing fifth and fourth, respectively. After the fall from the beam, she opted not to compete in the floor exercise event for risk of injury. The 1979 All-America gymnast transferred to UF because she wanted to continue working with new UF coach Ernestine Weaver. After being'coached by her'father on a New Jersey club, Woods chose Weaver's Clarion State team '-to polish my routines and learn choreography. The male coaches I had mostly concentrated on tricks, rather than putting all the nives together, and this knocked my scores down." Looking down on her solid four-foot-10 frame, people might guess gymnastics is Wood's sport. But, small size is not mandatory to be successful at gymnastics, she said., claiming this is a misconception many people have. "It can be an advantage, but strength is more important. A gymnast .needs strength-to-height capacity," the 95-pounder explained. People watching her in competition also make guesses about Woods' Olympic potential. "Are you going out for the Olympics?" they frequently ask her. "I've been asked that since high school, but I always knew that I would never make the Olympics," Woods said, because of the younger gymnasts who usually dominate international competition. "But I had a goal to be on a United States team and compete for the U.S.," she added. She did compete on a U.S. team three times -in the 1979 World University Gastes held in Mexico City, the 1979 Pan-American Games in Puerto Rico and the 1979 CSSR Invitational in Czechoslovakia. See "Woods" next page "I will go into this meet (nationals) like it's just another dual meet, so I won't feel-all that pressure," says Lady Gator Ann Woods, the Region III titlist and the AIAW's No. I-rated gymnast. Here, Woods is a picture of concentration as she practices on her toughest event, the balance beam (above), while a smile seems to ease the tenseness of another vigorous workout. 

PAGE 28

ML alligator, thursday, april 3, 1980 Woods NEW HOURS: continued next rather than the trick I'm doing at that EVERY DAY from poge 27 time." 7AM -2 PM 10 Woods pointed out that the balance beam At gymnastics meets, Woods seems to wait requires the most concentration and is for longer than the other gymnasts before her the most challenging event. "You must L signaling to mount the equipment. What be conscious at any move on the beam does she think about while standing alone on because you can fall off on the little things. the gym floor while being eyed by a hushed The beam often can make or break the meet audienee? for a gymnast." "I just stare at the equipment till Woods claimed that two spills from the everything in my mind goes blank, and it's balance beam in the 1979 nationals were a D ts just me and the horse or the beam -then major factor in her fourth-place finish. Each I'm ready. I'll think out the combination and fall from the equipment invokes a 0.5 point Carrot Cake Cheese Cake review things in my mind like 'pointed deduction from the gymnast's score. German Chocolate Cake toes,' "Woods said. But in the 1980 nationals which begin e C e C "I also talk to myself all during the Friday, like last year, Woods won't be upset routine, but sometimes I concentrate too if she fails to live up to her No. I ranking. "" much and think about what's coming up This time, however, she'll be well rested. Punters beware: you're wanted The Board of Collexr. Councils The second annual punting rodeo will give the top two will be iod to try out for the any UF student a chance to make the 1980 Gators as walk-ons. Along with the coaches, And C able Radio Pi Gator football squad. participants also will perform in front of NaThe rodeo, scheduled for Florida Field on tional Football League punters John James Monday, April 21 at 4:30 p.m., will involve and Bobby Joe Greene -both former Present: punting tests to challenge the skills of Gators. unknown kickers before the watchful eyes of 00.0. 00. .a 00 06. coaches. A pre-rodeo meeting will be Monday, *. * .0 .0 0 : Kickers' performances will be scored, and April 6 at 4:30 p.m. on Florida Field. .* 00. Track club holds open meeting ''---''' Runners can learn anything they ever All -interested persons are invited at 3425 wanted to know about the Florida Track SW Second Ave. Club at its monthly club meeting tonight at Following the discussion, Dr. Robert Cade 7:30 in the Camelot Apartments recreation will present his findings from the fitness exroom. periments he conducted at the Health Center A panel from the FTC's board of directors Run last fall. Cade, a UF medical professor will discuss the history, finances, current and kidney specialist, is the inventor of For The Gator Loan Fund projects and future growth of the club. Gatorade. Rain washes out netters match Tonight Is Dorm Night The Lady Gator tennis team's scheduled against the rival Miami lady Hurricanes at Bring Residence I.D. match with South Carolina Wednesday at I a.m. at the Varsity courts. The Lady For Special Discounts the Varsity Courts was rained out. The Gators' meeting with Miami will be their match will be made up later this month final match before competing in the when the Lady Gamecocks can fit it into Southeastern Conference tournament April Location: ROTC Field their schedule. I 1-13 in Knoxville, Tenn. Dates: March 31-April 5 UF's next match is scheduled for Saturday UF's mark is 12-3. rates : Toni h 5 Gates Open Tonight 5:00pm -1 1:00pm Help RESTORE the Old Post Ofce Home of Gainesvile's Finest Steaks. to ake your pledge or donation. OPEN TO Sewrific Fabrics INSTANT DISCOUNT!! Thurs., April 3 thru Sat., April 72 Draw your own Discount! 2002 NW 6th St. Come see ourHours: Mon-Sat 9-4 Fri 'til 9 swimsuit' Faric Hawaiian All Cotton Prints Dan River Checks, Carter & Healthtex Knits PUBUC Greattcuts of beef; aged, marinated andcharbroiled to perfection, then served with your choice Of.hOme fries, or vegetable of the day. Selections inctudb Top Sirloin, Ribeye, New York Strip and Super SirIoin, e nOrs! We've got something for n The Alligator. to in 
