
PAGE 1

Hall of Fame Gets 15 BMOC's e VOLUME 33 foIa Ii UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA, GAINESVILLE -FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 3. 1942 10 orNUMBE 38 Wins Floridians CRAIG FOGELSON HooKS Leaders Selected 'Gator Chiefs Named From All Fields' --ilumcuL Imu OK'S Norman Decree Follows Court's Longest Civil Action Homer Ilooks, Ben Fogelson, and Phil Craig were named Monday to the three top Positions of The Al igator for the 1942-43 school year. IHooks, present executive editor, will serve as editor next year. Fogelson, managing editor, and Craig, businicSs Manager, succeed themselves, having been alpointed to the posts at the beginning of the current semester upon resignatin r Bak u of other men. Fst Dlackout Ail of these men are the best possible selections the f(11M(CrIIp,,q C. Vi Doubt concerning the legality oa cou have made," Editor IIIIU of the recent specia. election on John Cotton Brown observed on The Alligator amendment was hearing of theappointments.F definitely killed last Friday eve"I have had the pleasure -of o working this year with each one ogate orotnr of them and I know they will do Dorm Residents mously decided that the election a bang-up job for the student Will Evacuate was legal on all charges brought body next year." against it. '1I only hope that future F The court decision, which agree year% will see the board make EIrst campus bla(koat wil ocrr With the opinion handed down by a good Felections a4it has ths next Thursday night, April 9, at tile special board of masters, ended year," Brown concluded. 11 p.i Dr. J1. H. Hawkins, ca the longest and perhaps most senThe' selection was the fi-st PUS air-raid warden. announced National civil case ever presented 'under the recent amendment to y*terdjy. before the University court. the student body constitution, takPlans have been under way fo No 'Overtime' ing the positions out of campusseveral ve(ks in lipreparation for No one voted after the legal pollwide election, and leaving the thrs test, and Dr. Hawkins enpha?dosing time of 6 p.m.; no nominachoice of candidates to a special sized the vital importance of conitIons for general election for The electoral board, composed of the plete cooperation to make the jobs w e acceptable, d board of student publications and blackout effective. genaante neTetragpresden -o the st.Since the dormitories are con4prin-g the handling of the elecdent body and chancellor of the sidered a likely bom r objective, tons was not enough to throw it I honor court. dormitory residents will evacuate 4at, were the decisions of the The three Alligator executives the buildings and go to designated Court. were confirmed by the executive ars. ac omty S(tif Evidence presented by Bill Mcvounil Tuesday night and wil i onitor'will he responsible t Rae, Randy Matheny. and Tom take of.file next September. Alt getting his men out of the section Wakefield was ruled by the court three will be senIors, and off to that section's exacniaan insufficient to prove that any Hooks stated that he expects to tion arca in the least possible votes had,been east after time. continue eight column weekly editime. Maps of the evacuration .Secretary-Treasurer Bill Nortions appearing each Friday miorniotes are being placed on each man was justified, the coirt ruled, ing. He added that he will not se ackout leaders rn in deciding to tule out any nominamake staff appointments until Blackoutuden u r tons for The Alligator jobs. The school begins next fall, at the same rthram uents hrday nih amendment was legal and valid time issuing an early call for all urtil proved otherwise, the court students interested ri working on touildin the-net re dnip decided.IThe Alligator to see him befor bd ( e h 'Small Negligence' the end of this semester to d iss tories) when the warning signal is gIven and stay there until A small amount of negligence plans foi' September's editions. the llvearlstu hr ni was attributed to Secretary of the DH a wkn.-ar wind o Interior Idus Wicker. rn that the Dr. Hawkins pointed out t-irt oourt felt that he could have done this l kot is ota the amr, pll$ iore to insure the smooth fir'"Camp sY. and does not affect rtrrit Vtoning of election ne(chanic.a. Iiui(' and oft-caipts boaring However, the colirt riled that the itses inh ae' under city jinssimultaneous csing of the pol n ii .s bi the rn-a-te h' c blaek'ut is n situation is directoryy rather than dolditl in 4'o4ra tiol with ti e mandatory. A "rdeo i Attorney fo -the defense wer u o ll ......~arirU. .(~ irhptme l ito c am Wicker. Florida Alumnus Receives Award For Achievement William D. Cockrell. Florida. "2S. of Genera Electric's mi dustrial controIt-g enmeelrig teparit mont, Schenectady. N. Y. has received fromi the Genei at Electr i copany the Charles A. Coffin fomdation award for outstanding achievement during 1911. Cockrell was graduated with a 8S. i Meetrial engineering. ie was one' t 37 enguieors. commercial men, factors workers and administrative employees who each received a scroll and a substantial cash honorarium. The Coffin award is the highest honor which the General Electri company bestows on mits otrtstanding employee's. lit, total itinitm'e Of thr'se who have reeelved the awards in the' 19 year's since the foundation was instituted is now 592. -Cockrell's citation is 'iven below: W. D. Cockrell. Ind. Control 'Eng. Schej-,tady Works. for great ingenuity and thoroughness which resulted in signal contriibutions to the development of photoelectric-type electronic control for large machines and presses whereby the antiol is governied hy mimiute markings on the material being processed. Tworjo=imatiso student. 'mid two tpjrofessionmal newAslmen 4Aj~'eI Inducted into the Floridr chapter' of Sigma Deta ChIi tnnmih joun-alistic fraternitv. Sui ida aitte rltsni att arii it mdi'Iil in te ATo house. Stlirsrt' ewiman, a jurniror. an id Walter Cr'ews. a sophonmore. wer' initiated as stIldent iemmibers RhIle Hairis G. Sims, edit or of tie ULAkeland Ledger. aid Clyde bar., assistant ('litrif time Agieulitural Exte'nsioil tDVIisi I the Univer-sity. \'ere inducted ,s professional 1i members. Following the :nhtiation roiihers of the chaptc iand gukist s tout l the Univeisity rimplus and met at Flour 1da U n itllfor a hanquet. Don Wewi$, president of the chapter, presided at the banquote and introduced the speakers. \1ho irvided C C. Codrington, paxhIisher and president of ilt'H Florid resAssix'iatm. C -.1. Kin,chief editorial u nitei'the .1atksonvillt' Times-Union, Ietn W. H. Wilson, and the SlD fault' adv'sots. Prof. Elmer J. mIiig a nil (W. L. LA)vwry. Sigma Delta Chli pians for the remainder of this year rielitde Founders Day banquet durmi "Spring Frolcs' week-end. President Weiss revealed. The chapt,is cooperatin" wIti the "F hib in the musical show to be pitsented by the varsity foot ball teamt. Holnies Alexander. assisted by other SDX members. wrote the script for the show. Of Cammus Life 'Greats' Form Annual Feature Of Seminole Fifteen mlot' Florida BMOC)s entered the Hall of Fame late yestidayv when Dean of Students R. LX';rty announced the selections made by a representative group of high ranking IUniversity adinisti alive andtactlty officials. Beat, pointed out that 15 selections were made this year instead ()I the custoniaiv 12 due to the unusually large ,size of the gradu;tmg laHss. in releasing to The Alligator the "en who "ill oprise t e Semrinole's 191-42 Hall of Fame section, Beaty sald, "These students have made their contribu. tons, not only by faithful and loyal service in a variety of student actiivties, but on the basit of active leadership and good citizenship In the Univerlsty comnnilty." Chosen from the fields of athletics, forensics, publications, student government, and politics, the 15 BMOCs run as follows: Bill Robinson-president of, the] athletic council. John Cotton Brown -editor of The Alligator. Ed Lang editor of the SemiBy Take 0 Congra tulat ions, Mr. Corry! Hid N ormuan (left) (lily -,1 .t'tes short of beh ting (lext~ pres.ideoft the %tirdeuttbody, offers iris yongrartlat ions .to % innlerBIll ( Corr Te rry S hand Slated For 'Spring Froli'cs" By Morty Freedman I Terry Shand and his band will play for '"SpiIg Fr,, iJts," April 17-18, accor-ding to reliable in formnation s cired 1S5 Thc Alligatorat press time last night. THan k ( adner, chairman of the weekend, i'evva h that a. contract has; been (Ira wn uij ant sent to Shand. oNy SaI ls Th i11),v fti t i rrriC the ( ;I Ratlph Martm cancel of the Signature is awaited to mtke all 11001 toirt plans for the weekend coniph t e. 'Charlie Sherman presideiit of Spoinsord by the ''F-' ('4nh. Ith the student body. weekend is also endorsed and aidBill McRae vice president of ed by the general college executive the student body.-4 committee, Sigma Delta ('h, an i H-omer ZU11--president of Florthe interfraternity ani jumor ii ida. Blue Key and secretary of terfraternityv conferences social affairs. Now in Jax Bill Norman secretary-tr' urer of the stirdent body. Rand Mathen ; a political stitution on the Florida cam and former chairman of the G, party. .14111 o ia fornrmer natmial torct)ll'giate boxing champion limber of the athletic council N oi nemn Wheelock presido'n the seniorr class, hearl cheerlea and colonel of thn cadet corpF. Men who ha 'e already 1 isw HALL OFFAME 3 1021 1 Other 950; Four Campus Offices Lean ToFlorida;Colleges To Dixie Hv Morton Freedman, Wallace Stich, And John Cotton Brown li'l] ( 'o-v came roii behind it (luirter ot brur i liiOlilng to blll('1 neXt Il)e[sidellOt Of the student b-nhbi i iinagiin of I 021 to 95(. Trl'i ii y S ioeta ry -Tjeasuret lb ~)iil a I-f~l all t [log-i the night s &'oiiiiting t (wept fotr 't bt'iet thiCC-etQ Ir ad w' h ry i ( the it'll. ,est I otvnf lt s I he oldgyn h -mi i I I 1omi etimlre until he finaltv surged I to tihe lIadi on a wave of sophmor and freshnian votes. Flr01 !th n 11 ihis Ic wtir V \As n Iver 0 doU. t.A i nt u l b ihIt dI. bW 'eve .(Cording to F lornia official. The race for chancellor .%%4o 5 closeI that a recount hais leet iiordered there as well. unofficial figures put Florida's ldidie Trip.ett ahead of Frank Diiclkworth lb a vote of 972 to 969. Dixit.'s pesidontial victory was not enough to carry in the rot i ry IIIt lick'.t Ih'\ .N of ,a111(t hP Hr*iians 5el ted Jer'ry' Brown w pc: nt [n Itoh' I. S& airy-tasrrer. and Ray arsonn ci1r' If th .norfl0? court by rmo than comrnitl h narg ins. Ail th. se men o a rly leads whi'h were rnvei M ( 'Ne 41) *rioust v challenged. (.HAN('ELLOR le iobu z;at T l vr alord a an k D ikw orth 1 .) 1 hications gave the Flor a EddIie Triplett4 F>V ..7 2 AI IMgh break with -Many a mn editor, Bouhli Ray I'varson 11 iV I ') 4 I d Rohinson on the 'F'" Book, Hoh Si tID.( and Lang and Hunnicutt on the Serinole 1-ri ( i i a1okII t .) 1.in'st 'ult -VFruIdav night, the 17th. d ventures of '"K imtawiehT'1' po l h t sht '4.fI I is7coIl-1 elrneI wi'th the adv#'ntvrres or onen T'om K i x I jim l. 'utrstandmrg foot ball playr of the state 1tis irt crazy. KIiwich threat en. to o tI (;e.o-gili less he I aids ;rttrict iv girls on the iain plis. easSihand. who wrote "Cry 8y. Tt keep him cont tfed un iip -Cr'v' and nunierolis ttht< hit Ie', .rt i gII.,nailitY -t y IIIsongs, is n1w irltpp'Ilriniig it lii' (or ''the,i htilft11 tE' t1 1 ht piIS Rainbow room of the (cge mitmhr I tih 'fot hall IIa, ator Washington hotel in .laeksonvrlle. maSn1'tradI-; as oMer The rh!' He played here list yea; for hn rilen tai-s ipan "s;. wr n(;iiVe ial I collegee wet'ek'ni anti 'wil 1 ha-I-t1; i. ijl.-aty m i and he 10" rl'ted Otr his annI t Kimw SItist nd. .ient o"A Sl:op Happy Lasie >rh' r :l r.'t h'o t of frirm Ta l ahliass: -'.t -11 1a. Ie r delr A musical ,;how. w rttoll yt l'. I ho, I I rl I lte Holmres Alexanier arid other mierno 'tub 'uien n aatrdav n.:ht, ett he's "t Sigmlla i tn'iti ('1'. p "', :1$ -i ii -' m i ;'t. o sonal J"lrl'ialistn' Ira1tnrml .'.H It th I )Ilhir iit 'n Sti lr e eit'nt i ledt 'Wt Art, the n fttrwon. To SFCSP Meetl Teutsch Will Give Details Of Florida Reclamation Plan t 1 1 I I f t I I t1 r I I I IIi Ii It I C 4 ei -t t T h f "nar I t-I !gs t~ron I-tie '; m i FtiMt' I t' oIi"1!1 ti' T' i i tlt. I' a ;r~g i ins Y se-it tIs all PamphIets I rf par1i. y ?r1Ag T rda pla lining thei' ai iidetal witl I x d stributed to all th MARTIN FOFi Lis4N t'h'gates'atIn.tconvention. ooa of publications. EI)ITOR Dixie elected Maguire Seminole Billy business m anager, Fleed as Peel Georg S'ditor, anti Mcewan to the board. BUSINE Aavo took reel business manager Ray I )n both tickets. Tom E -Florida elected Mugge president ) f the lY('euim council while the EDITOR .'----Lloyd All landite te 11rst fule cx Eddie pense amounts with the chanBTSINE -el er of the honor court at Wayne Ji or'da Union iesk before 12 Ioppo midnight tonight. lyceumiri sats v're split between Flormd. ,('m-( a i;111r1's M -molrr BUSINESS Hill ( 'I, .11111iRot Mahoney (F> .1084 e Shaw (D ) ...832 FSS MANAGER Maguire (D).1018 Economou (F) .878 Orange Peel Flood tD)-.1071 Kelly (F.).823 SS MANAGER Mayo (1 and Fi. t'iz; "N" Booki Holild I F) fsedi SS MANAGE. -rk (1) binson IFI Pill 7h 7 jO 1 Roard of rublicatlion M EM HEis t'don 'rim I' 711 Ht Hlinnicutt V) PA ang I(ti Ti McFw ----19Anagus Srumntr i~ .t Athletic (Cotif11 PH K.141 ['NT Ph f-''-a r'd'-l'y I"i-v ink ( ardnsri i i 10 VP 'F REITFI A r-ri ur %Vli Iter In-h(tR AFn-1-083. 14 F,( IFTA RY -'F E EAdT:LR ER 11,ll 1'ilske ioF .-. 721 F; %I Ba lolI i. 1 F/i 'll cw-ii Fi h ir rI" -.9' A' rmIn Smiuth Jts 77 q W'e'rlnrm T'rtttt-rIi 50~Prvrl' M-Ca IIrF Architectire It n :t Ti.v P II ir i -i '0 (i A'lhony~ Paul'ra Boi l T'i','lir F i Frant rl ran'e' t T U'lipposetd. Arts -Vetinps 'TN M NI-itin Ftsrlit's, 11 i ,I'le m i hi Thrbrat i i oa .at" Wt'ar"v FI r'aiit.e Katesq 'F Business Adinietratoui Cff Athe ti) IHil0 ari pigr I Iftl-'r XWuhami t I .ttns F'l yd t Vt .Joc Krol 4 FI .-*'e COURY, Page 2 Corry New Alligator Electoral Board ourt o Selects Hboks, Fogelson, Craig ISAMM MImii. A J Paul Rogers. Stld Arnotivitz, anrel 1. II I Delegates Go I-' l a k f I I t he ihI I f t If-v ath tPstwith mnly-,c eta i'Frreiii'e r Ba borui a Ig Memibr Trt-tr mi tv 'a 1-1 rni i mm r Xie' Wxie svevtp% 'vllfgep% What ih' Dixie party Ia ked in N' I-:rpmsAr)Itb, rares. howe-v-nr it milds ii;p with a enP an'tt in th college ''s Wh n th e rogwat-h In the oldgvui was finally ever. tho Vt it a part ,' ha I electr ,i v im in tt the honor v,;irf tnd t<tall tiyiunt It,. eotlnclimepr n itti. rno' than the fmg, Is of N b 41 ;k,JtA n of II -al.' fig"l,"ff""""" tI b Iconstitu inal stitoll Seq. Qhes:tIaws hool1 tIf k fiIho -12 wri ns wa't (';t i-'~ I r'w In? I '( n ftinollir t ''Illt til 'ffir, '(1r'1, 'h ivb t fl() I Ihiil~ -rr (' n la I T1 ( i I iit frP ait fhtilit Whrt IiI tpq i -i !l t'h~jrr'd 'ov thr Ileail dfeal. t)n fti nomina tions may be t i nf In a S'irirs '% cIvil en ta! ha" t'a tirtI d tIh -pseut AIl it 12 h11 i-t i~t5 'i a-lShrii gh ,I: tmif, margn with the "'arlt that a "'' axeraile ui 1' T I of m t a t s on rI fttr th itwo '--ri-tets pirecnlfng c'letimn what sophomores wtl a wsv' Pa'. at il.ast forir couni.mu-i ft omi iuo-. n. andit all "Ire 'ons ''l hc iv setet iballritstudent Wwli P, v-TRKA.-WRKLoan F, I .1 > 0 Blue Keyg qra lificatiens for vnominAtifo i Ito nmteidwrship In Florida Mle ke %morstfo w toirred in to Aan "racket. Bob Tilander, Virgil ( onkling. 4eorge ,A%-nt. or Blgl Iobins;on Iby '12 no(M, Monday. April 6. Homer Still f0 t 8 9 '-t -r1 9i I IIII---. T -7 i ro 

PAGE 2

PAGE TWO THE FLORIDA ALLIGA TOR f ir&AYv MKN&N., ArkiL j,, iir-&. The Floida ANigalor VOL. 33 3JER 38 Z-104 JOHN COTTON BROWN Editor-in-Chief BELN FOGELSON .Managing Editor PHIL CRAIG ...Business Manager sCon gratulatists i cngratulations are in order for the University of Floiida student body. In these days of darkness for democtirav a"',(V\r the world, Florida students were still able tut ikpt~.io off trcfm grimmer thoughts to wage one. of the clscst 1p _tmeal campaigns that tne campus has seen in some ongratulations are also in order for the candidates thi, eimeiged victorious from last night's' counting. Ald, ci!unendations are in order for the fight that th'ir opptuc-Ats. put up. This was one election where the Vote 'SL Wouli have had a hard time making a serious mirrstalk'. Ai iLt men were of top cahbre, if not as colorful ur ;4s i as some we have known in the past. t1avier responsibilities than ever before face these c miicers. in many respects they will have to forego. s u or 0tne traditional indepenuence floraa s stuuek1t ad -s hale maintained in working with the tniversitvy a-siiistration. in many ways they will have to beconTe t 1 1iIere agents of the administration in carrying outt vaiL.ous. warulnae programs.L Eut let us hope tnat a high sense of responsibility towvru the student body, plus a well developed sense of ta'i, cil aid next year's student leaders in securing a -are of cooperation and understanding front the adir_1 ation, so that Florida's student government will -eige less great than it is today. SA Slight Case Of Gangsterism Etiections are all over now, but one unpleasant memory renuiwis -an amateurish outburst of racketeer politics, uuni lg the last few days of campaigning. h e don't know who set fire to the Dixie party stand' oppite Florida Union; we don't particularly care who is g i.*. If fklorida party men did it, they certainly did, niotr .g to increase the prestige and respect due that orga nation. if 0ie men struck the match, it was a cheap attempt to get sympathy. Regardless of who ever started the fire w which burned off two Dixie candidates' signs, we're sIne that they were hot-headed crusaders who-ertainly did not: Iepirisent their party's ethics. And most certainly they have not yet caught on to the ti ue spirit of campus politics, and gangsterism in any form. 8Lfet's BuyA Bus Several weeks ago Prof. John W. DeBruyn, able director of our glee club, suggested that the glee club, band, symphony orchestra, and Vlorida players pool their re-1 souitcos ini the purchase of a bus for transportation purIt not a bad idea. L c.-y year each of ti.e above-named organizations: a certain number of Lips. For each trip the transpa t4n problem looms over all others when plans are urJde. If this idea could be worked out, trip schedules! a be,,arranged to eliminate conflicts as far as possible, so thvA eaeb organization could use the bus for its tours. then, too, there is the probability that more trips, ovcv the state could be made, increasing University good each stop. Ve would like to see further action of Prof. DeBruyn's -i CORRY Cfntiiiutd Frcen Page One t D ..881 Eng.neer.ng 'ox (D) .701 1-ralish (F') .32 niirtinm (DI .42, %'.Carthy (Fl ..55 -'ummings (F)-.-42 u King kD) .56 Forestry rndon (D) liniis ( k") 1giiculture. Ins F) lDi tiI 4 1 I'harma4y i-i'pI F Arts & Sc I':dureatIon .23' ..31 31' 15 -Dr R Ain .A-t1wood, alm-e 1dllre tor institute of InterAmeri can affairs and for 14 years faculty ieniber, is en ruae to Quito, Exuador, "here he will 13 join the staff at the Amerltni embassy there as a junior econ -ienceomitanalyst. The 1ihersitI .ar4 granted luau a Iea. c alo 38 absence. Ashmore (F) a:it-pard (D) Freshmen 'L d D)---* n pledgee tDI .). ei i F' .. I).ri.r iF) i'tu\I it kD). ..... -PT i Dominick (D). hardner W) .. Sophowore n Anderson (F) -Eaton (D) Morgan McJunk4n (F) P Raborn (D) R ush COURT John Balswin (F) Frank Pittman (D) Mugge (P) Movers (D). %f-coy (D). Connor (F) Unopposed '0 Betas Elect 34 During the Year 1911-12, Bet 347 Theta Pi will le headed by th 352 newly elected ougieers who ai 291 'Vernon Quigley, president. Pert 362 WilDn, vict-pres.; Gente Se.bI'in 374 secretary; HerimmIn l.ewis. trta. 351 'urer; Jack Poliner, Mtewaird;I; Ir'I 361 Myers, houve manager; Billy (,i dens, social chairman, F'itst Ki 379 gore, sgt. at arms; Perry \\usc 265' pledge director; Georg e HadiPman, alinini secretary. Beta Theta Pi recently mtiate 241 two men who were: Charlev Smit 329 and Robert Rhodes. 314 320 324 JIFC Meets There will be an importsm 187 -neeting o the junior interfiter 381 'ty conference at 7:30 in the Flo =da Union, Monday evening Tw 9. re ehmien represtntati.es arer 997 quested to attend f nio e.:t'h 904 ternity. President Ed Gi-afton aInnI-tru'e that important plans contieirnm the coming "Spr'ing Frol] i( weekend wuinldt be aIsus*t li IP't I 1* y' ii ii BY AFR ED KOI Meditations on Puirtic4 Pius Safd PrtoN,-t Niemi hens of the se xr a.I' iV 1 )l u AW y I it i -f I i j~ tall t 1 1 lijl v t a t 1co-V I un tit -t a, I I lctkopl11 A cI '.t i0 trrbr rtIi v-*t we ad halIl' .i i lt A rit pI(, y. LA I U K t V,I .nII s ll di ~ tii.tian ~~ iib 'ron'thl i tillu 11, 1 I in Aj u 't I ,A I n'.vt .Intuiiiinii \v a boat i ia-c Il ald SillnIti. 1, rnvrI tIne tiji' I-adniijumrty. Ai' "ell lo I i MenIbIe" thet ey r Ie X Il rtiin iill hw rta i ~nrnt~r o ii b ilt-ti I' Lhil rI I LI 1 (i iiLT lufi id iltI Itor party S S did tiust taet what has Sliee 1Lecoriit-cornoi" "i' n t-'i-1-the Stormiest petrel on the scene Ks uoluesionaly frank tZ%01 Who ,4'q1r pxrty %uplportaf 11% 4e t art d tectly to the rkIRg bys fo his Noces. 1 ir I fe-s' laughed at hsir, did sermain and Miley. Then they ion dret. And "ednestaI night and Thursday I I e y Ie re afraid that a for e they couldn't understand might soon sweep them and their cohorts r r o mr a political throne they had held for so Fratermit rnen inI a r g numbers broke their bloes to switch to Zych, as any ballot counter last year will afairm I can't help wonteing what kind ft student government we wkuuld have had this year it e had received only a o t l e bandlul ot votes-. Then there was the dapper Gator party treasurer, Bill Frat's, "ho gave the boys fit. during one nominating hiSsslon by lsing $50l in hard cash and checks just a little wine before tluti deadline tr qualifying fee. .ifefr% %bile* r0todIheldt his breath, rates reality won it all bak y midnight-and five more hiesilen. There are some s o r' i d memories, too. Like the ease Uf "ni pUteijal candtliatJ ton' a major office threatening ancther with an honor Lourt trial it the latter persisted in his in tClntinII to seek the nomixiaton. Happily, the trunpeduop case NeVO ci'ehai the cOUlt. tial toth Iliii today hold tffictar Lettcr or for woiSe. rid no reollt.os could hecomIijplet w4 iitiiut a 11n-f t iO d 4' %alter Mlanley and .Maria lKell tire rimaclbiai ellia. pair fril ip Quiaty 'a .ioth wert cold, cakulating, aind when the reti iai:, ruthless aovie all else. N er rnich like s me of our Irevilnt day speles, only Manial and IIll I e e r :t lritw 4'c hIle suti-i s sit 1h tI thet'lteI'lie opitV ihui" l a'c' will rei 11n)"'I r' the MK h nontraterrat~i Fpan-ty. buined 'kiwhen tlt teit arli iuink'c i ut ele. 10! 1utu111p a a te im (MO i er i1i i T9 it T lit'' Saw Visu ns ir tipping t' -)yStit' and t(f II AI r A ihl 11 rt .' .% V ii o rn I tr'm I I li t A-I jl,! :t ~ tlit u tt', harkmrn!t baik t liI 1s 1 tn i "14n, Jok -liith nrat r: .A i ant unIlie t-d t t :m36 un ito ;Al' Ill-urto i" A ny Mivitig up to the present. I marvel at the interest exhihted in affairs of the world h %canidladtes for office. Ts i,'rarit to finix one w% ho dues niot claii to he a miiermiber of (tib. Judging from attendtheaI nernidonal Ration.% ance at sotre meetings (of the I RC membershipp iN videntlY acquiredl merelyhv jilokuIg (Idcv fit a half-dollar. or mata dollar, for du*s. -1 -p1rt ing t hought, what kmi! 4 quarlir'u'at :ntl loi office I:a dvance'l n111MtYrv." WhyN, should it he p i't'.IrWe t' I i0 H toil', m'rn kes a ian better tri I k p I IOSi iol Ithan do-s ad%arle-', ph ss. Ch iucerian EnglIsh or f ou r t h -yvea r 1Frenen 0 Blueg Key WnIlN'ers of 1.lort-i Blue Kei will knAve Florida Urnion at 6 d p.m. Tuesday night for Camp Sauihurg for 4em.l-.nnual nuemnb hership section meeting. SupIr wIl he served. Ilonwr Still F' The -tcene fon' the stOry i.s r iti ni -ar tiw prior to the Nazi inl'.nmi,. Leading players of the Teatr PolAki of' Wa rsaw are Joseph 'tad Mari a Tura (I-mmbard and E::n who are a young happily n irarl i Iu iple, as mnuch ii I love .v itlh e:al 3t he ru;s their competing roles arid Ian mail will permit. All the trouble begins wh4n Warsaw is occupied by the ratzies anal the theatre which had I'een tea tU1 ring an anti-Nazi play iS closed down. To add to the tr'otbl<,Ma na L showered with gift b a youiig Uenriiaii ut'icen' (i -f J tht top Mt-ntj-s iii this stir i:g pitu't ,x ielt-n Benny. r'eeitaig ire mnmrtal "t "to he or not to be" io i -1 0 Sharing Ferer 1,.YrH ksalnt 4-all 00pl Iiit~ 'A' i Of I ~u. i.'< Lij =c Q1i t dl Ljj~IhiIl Ii Jitli lltS -ci,,~j Li. 0 c I:iLi Clt. i 6 Y3cactfq LLst ~ us. tr i ha .two general classitlCatKHe te I ing *_trtai person wbo \V. II! i att r t e l And itr, e ih nori a >1 I1 i 1 1A tiL, v. i Ij p .%i t. fore m mea1. tin Ll 1p m 1A .V hi ti. b elI ty t-, I t1,iIZ i, tk I I I t i vI.IIt i tI. ously Itth ue.Jaslmy wh thL:r t4) I I t li Iw,,r 1I" 1It -uitlitIO n I) rky joike t hI iI ).% t V -1dpil IA t.: (,k" A IYt-1i g I >IoII prinb:1y I hiri I hat : -' 41rlg ti to mak 1 t, ttjt I ,T (i lit O o i *Il(11 w~av tt tj III( -% t-1' IA W 01, V, a tO -lt r ill m 11k," Luit talt a! ii 'j AI Arnr,' or "F1 I burger, will be none t I N ia Al t-'sVol4 H; Il')Lin th\ 1', dd. ih tid:?' .t thI e ol'i tr't L .u I l h of ivl Cli Phuiid.-' I it .111 ipna (-l14Itt( ttc 5,ctrolar, Traveler, Author, Etv. And wlo is Ly'sander "r. I ifr T iniothy )Pinidd The anis e r eS iir i IIrI1ynred I it rOduction, ;A which must incl ud that Mr. lPludi a scholar. traveLer, art her. anid eettirer .Mr. Ihudd recentlY pa blinhed :j tiratise in the, )vgwoo dBark" entir1let] ''re'im ites in (,'rai id ( 'anyonr -'Me F'ir West' ." Probi. M1 % PnIj t d recrnitiv r tlurnhd r o AffgLe.>na L1)re Ihe he d a h Ivl A afghan 9 1-111Yoftw ol, VhOse riuam e m-1st hIv. itirhield for intlitavy reasons Iland.s ape his trout y ard, a cozy ;itie iud.0A yard stretch el tolthe ncxt rancho, C wha te ter they ar en ied. Anyi n'w, Mr. Phudd sCIIolaru, tra Velc ,author. aid ee ttrerI. Mi'. Phudd is a bull of a man. On a dark night in a liorest 4 Norwt'?' sImIIli idit-ir'S le rrilgilt pasnSS tor Johin Buivan histltf. 'Tall, rangy, there is a (rest of white onl top year-'round. Mr. Phudd is der'rrritcly not the type to gigglt' nervously during the rmeal before his spot r the program, greaitlv ckenerned over the opening joke. Not Phndd. no s i. He plowed through his ne:iI With LIsto, finished a close first over his pal Pyneedle, and then settled down to wait for the herd. Meanwhile, the boys of the club are earnestly trying to make conversation at all angles down the table in onder to impress Mr. I'hildd MST[&I on their amiability. The fact is that most of them probably haven't seen each other in two or three weeks, or, more aptly, since the night-spouting Geyserweed bloomed last. But there they are, sawing doggedly at their steaks, reaching hesitantly for hot rolLs, trying to keep at about the sarne pace so no one will finish first-or last Jesters Keep 'Em Laughing Now and then somebody timidly inserts a pseudo-witticism into the conversation, and one Platter Patter [y Iiurbert Anhalt JeromeI hern has long been at Le Oilp t itt' list of successfuJ CU2001miOsers' ii huse mnusi eis popta u in itl ipt;i a tni sub iciciently 0GoCd to h h its. own through the yea's. CLin1i hus ret-ord ev'eitrai or K'rij 'ahil iset C-34 Rom'no !I old Ia vurjtu:% ia -'Wfi -'1 o ln~ th-i-' Make 'elw -, i ':.\1 1d -'ThII 'I'lli YiIiu A rt V ,11 i til tse ifIiii ts -i : nI!il a Jii' g \'aurII -vo I'.'i a, :u:1 A ";ii'ii,-is trntinailv i t I 'i n m ni s i n II miiI Wht iatrt1ainawas a 'rl she Lt. h,-i -I r lii iiip l t'.f aI ruIes m IIi in'-' .litII hustli-. bitLi. :i -' ini i'c hw)'. eiseS. \\i;tuitti-s, p t-tp 1 ion-s h. vt' lng IIC ite -t-en colni: ni to tiLe hIIllbO Sa he Lorgt(o. ttoII, tht UIIies t I hat p ratnilnu' urdt-h Ip, aIug linI ile p arItii'r ic nialis( 'Iin)snig ill te tAIInung as i t. H trio. e Kay ties aa ai'.mhiatmoti rnmuitible j u i Sn lt-hst sprhigly Lahla-iin iI i' ui)!a Si 't ('-I I. A 41i' an i -ula i tnid hcu'. Sonaal[i I g Nei'lln MUsic N IG-s i:Lain lknimusnti socnety iui mv')' L:lsm start continuous I 1 1) lSuwi C. I ii0i-itun tt he Inll V i :,I ,, i i -J '-,i'. ct 2. 1 -c-f II ni a -i 1 vit I LaVi inl, iI n!I a m ln t,' -itrrinpet M iit k. Sn .iu., tIhe gIrest 111ilit dr: AaInI t VI 1 11n1ii> hi.-ut'I .\is~Sin'~t'nuillikd her Lt-u' i:n lI(-i) i I In t,111 '.o-in that A s ni 1 ; I !1i 11'('nt)acti Sita yur1i r a111i Ono intoi C% iliI C 1:1 1 :1 VII t' hrtar ] ''rt 11fif iw'I ~n mu in l nit sidefi emr I I I y' like your j St a '. -n u-i 1 .L-ers y'trf dhsh wi. i-ni1 n W 1111 -V Ii 't I i' t-'S nctlrini tl 'lnt n ti gOot a Sn 11 -se t is t P b >nh s Stt ('-21 Th 1z2 i ct-anhie and Ina\ 1 rlsi I-i' [)aytI at breakfast. tor zin-1h. ,-uch v(.rsatility deservn yi it i .Incidentally Ult, rlA ar.Iptly o.hoser 'm. --i u.N expresstd an t :. t natuir anti hist'!'N ct na I1o Ia V1or1 ui with us on agnm tirns week tc further pe -C tht' sibt'JCt Its all yours II'-> To The Skepties I findL at a ntuber of stum -ketit.A! abLut a point I strer,4eii f"at wetk, namely, tht alitY o., ;,musiulan *0 1nprov, .As I stated previously. im. provisa tion occurs when a "mlng uman" playa stlo which ht c:t1 -ts iplay s T is solo f LA5AE5 18 Alexander Korda's 'To He Or Not To Be winds up a three day run at the Florida tomori 14ow night. The picture is :1 co(mklIdy-drama starrinig Caroo ILowrbard in her last performi and ,lack Beunny. tIe stage, is interrupted h the etnerniy bo hmbing planes ue-ard drJhe story continues with the trial-s and tribulitions of Joseph and Maria and .soiiie of the wost hilarious scenes in the picture atthostshowing Benny iiiperl-niat ing a Nazi gi-neral. Miss Lomibard's pertorniance is perfect and a crowning finish for her b'illiant (2a i's-er Paulette Goddard is the lady in "The Lady Has Plans," playIng Sunday and Monday. Starred with Miss Goddard Is ay Mlland. Locale for the story is Lisbon, Portugal. -w h e r e Milland, an is not rehearsed an( memorized.it is c:'eated then and there. I have personally witne ssed !fiprovisation n any tinie sAt the Golden Gate Ballroom in New York City, I saw Coleman Hawkins. the great tenor saxaphonist, iniprovise on "Body And Soul" nor 17 minutes. I visited the Savov Ballroom when Count Basie was there and I saw "Hot Lip:" Paige. Ben Webster. and a few more musicians "sit in" witn Rasies band for a "Jam session" .and no one can say that these men practiced with Basle. At the Dance Carnival hel dat Madison Square Garden this summer, Charlie Barnet. Benny' Goodman. and Larry ClInton were featured on evening. Toward the end of the program Goodman stood at the rear of the' orchestra and played softly to himself for half an hour. I've never heard better swing. Incidentally, if anyone disagrees with what I wy,. I'll be glad to answer any letters through this column. Mai Dear tulle tae'r: eNf diihvtls, .V "C th t en d ri ig N ,t irai I,, I wa tw tilt-I t "" "" 'n;atttrcu iie 'Iit i't-itd Ix te It t re LIi t -t 'Aia t i ut1i00 .I" '" 1 h". i "tc 't.' hitI' wIIa cIi ':G \& IiI(w hnweh btouigit tiIIlghit" 1 iirilialii p eiii 11-lIM et iii last Cu t[IIi. 1 But I shalt I i 1I '.'t it :oint. It is 1it l n y htre with n tIi ug ,lI' lot (A i c'I a-i tri. j t. ilts'iinri i-;gttt ni. t-i' c''ItI i.-s ,-i IuIlii'(. l. I s! ;1n11 c t iIr'SOt !IIA: W t. I avt h t-i ol IA t' \ olI t l I I. )t mecuie i 1iitio It is wliii'.', u si !tt mi thlA %t A tfill not hand ThtAlligatur o\ r t-r'I v in I W ith the i n't-n t iot that stideiits ha e ti toIrI' nIa the i'lt-I tt',I budno d n ita (-i t tlI tt-tilt' wilt he su isvt. Arid tt-n. YOU din t ha a It *prnftSsous. "air popgauitla. Inn Ii ia 1a! tit' 1.1ra-nit a5 miI Iie .l ii in cnt I it-' N eite ur itriul fia t a Ill:wcwn t4 (11lt 'aN i-I ii j t t-l-liest. !,tit 'AIlia[ ni'tii i~ inc r ital tap thaiic-s cotilpare itt:t i ii tz Size it's hterr su-li a i I illuiet w''ek j t il tint1hang 1 eIrit ha fit1enii1rg :i aid ta 1i4 111 1 pint Ifliat b-Nk c t ,', i. ; Itlti un itn i wint A1i11.'d2 t's--'iiiu-ihe Burg0.r SS. A row of1 (t nt rrI'xt weeli illIidui(:I mIt S pr g holidays 1avit hitt 1n1. St 't1 sector of the group ronir' nm delight ,iiantire wondering what in the naine 1 Ofolinc sese did that gury ean by that remark. Upon hearing s.iui nupoariouts laughter, the rest of' the cistnitfrs sa l in hiurt silence ot, a niloment IAt'aiise thy-v cren in on the joke. Invariably, there is one gentlenian at a distant point at the table who is carrying on an exciting y interesting conversation with the rman across ti'omi him. Their talking gets more and mocre fervid, hint other conversations continue half-heartedly, each man incensed with a polite deterination toit hea i the talk at the other end. Phudd finally gets tinder way; the clstoiers chuckle at his initial joke the Joyce Kilnimr soprano who sang "Trees" off-key one) ; they glow with his deft compliments; they assume seriousness for wrestling with Phudd's major proposition: "The Vital Part of the Vermont Everreen Root in National Defense." Then when all is over and the smoke is cleared. everybody is happy about the whole thing. Then Leaders To Hear WSSF Advocate Monday Night there will be mon Club. Timber! rcbanquets' for the Porest lovers Dr on~ Liil.1OIC ta I OS FN1ETE Dr. Towie" R. L'eigh, above, Dea of tite college of Arts and Sciences,1_____HUSEF _______ since 1983, has been elected to Program receive tne 14Z awar ut t 1eE" k of American newsmiari awaiting the famous Charles Herty Medal by Aprti3riiarrival of a assistant who tar-n the emtstry club of GeorgiaA Out to be Miss Goddard) gets Into te (blleg fr wof Georia TODAY -SATURDAY a bit of international 1iti'igte ali fr eTRIPLETHRILLS, has Somie brushi-ofts with Niaii make the addres ofofeceptancoasISPIes the Milledgevile inartation t the IN Ou IJOBBY! T-Iiietitre continues witIi an nmeeilng of tie Georgia section of exciting spy-chase. Helping (iott-the Anericam ehenumi wetO dard and Muland with the lugn; there May 2"SMASHING and trii.8a r Ioland YOUg, AlTHE CANCSTER" bert Dt'kker. and .Margaret Hayes. again next Thursday and Friday Also appearing a] the Fllurda aIn Ide 'Eru Coboy," a hilartUn Sunday and Moniday I .nA.uit4 (al% tonmedy in whilh the boys Walt aisxiey'.s latest strips ildhe'%Airki-ng aI a rode-4 ht-aa4g "Mi( key'.s Birthday Il'arty --it% ,Ket roped lit1 a little of the "Tex a stirring story )I real tiing atit dio their stuff fin the tevelopmiaent of the "t m a real ranch. star stale," starring Claire TreThe Flrida's new policy gros P ,*or, William Holden, atid lenn ii-to effet this we 'k. Instead at Ford, plays on iTuesday and fillible fea tures on Saturday there "DICK ,0J'ICA(1'Ml:LL" Wednesday of next week. will now be one grade A Ilicture Miss rtvor, Leant ifl Ias ever shmin. The Saturlay students' gives a fine performance a1,rA i tit' -cents ;ts ustal. SUNDAY -MONDAY. golden and Forid a.s supportF M. .TRIPLE BILL! players arv,lso very good. The story takes place during neAT T'Iwo Univergity, of Texas facuiraos the time when Texas was under I it' nirenbih tihe only North / "/ stars and bar's of the confederlt'* iNe'this n y t honor: f-irk and is foil of Iit iog tmaI I w-gu Arm in 1 :1(bt-en thcorrespondLie's Iera doe.4 Aespera n d ('otteflo a re ii mi It )v s of the A rg entiia aso histo1reIal stsdler. Go To he MoiG 6 NN FORD Go To The Movies For A Short Vacation "AIN[ TQ(V, 4a Weekly Program EvNtY Starting ,. Today & Saturday -I I,'Irst Showing -The Year s Most ,,. Picture JOE LOUIS CAROLE JACABE SIMON LOMBARD -BENNYAE MO ,, MBARD FIGHT PICTURES! AN ERNST-LUBITSCH PRODUCTIQM TUESDAY ONLY BARGAIN DAY T*,IrDE.NT rA T:EFA-1ICY ATIACDA Y 2&. SUNDAY and MONDAY PAULETTEGODDARD R RAY MILLAND I-sAND ROLAND YOUNG EvianNING ME ALBERT DECKER ALSC '"MICKEY'S BIRTH UDA Y PART' CARTOON TUESDAY & NEXT THURSDAY, WEDNESDAY FRIDAY & SATURDAY An Epic of Brave Men and Sleamb. BdAbt-~uCs WedudnA. y -Thursa.y awSArt*e Clawe Tam~-4~90g kwereft T A*ms -_;_j Reprmsvnt ti'v.' or a ips religious groups. frat-mlY presidents, andsi t tem w i-ir will heat' an ahht'.'s NlomdV e'.''I'fng at 7:30 in the tinion aii nttritm by Dr. Buell TrowbridgDr. Tr)owbr'Ie. : I hiodes scholar and head tIf th i t'art. ment of, religion it It ill n as collegv, %ilspeehnl luu 0' tthe world student scrvi'cc ruad which is enden voting to et i(bsh a chapteron the campus. lPurpose of the WSSF is to i gVe aid to prisoniers fI' war of all nations and especially min Pol d. The organization he-s alrf-ady grown into iLa i,'-international System. The' University of Kentucky is For the excelent serv%'e le one of the only eigh schools in the has 'rendered as an inspiratenal southwest offering the Ph.D. deteacher of chemistry for 38 years," 

PAGE 3

K MWAY MORNfNG, APRfL 3, -194i THE ti~iPOiiA A.i(A 't)k .1 0 Shudders From Shaughnessy Shift Those deep shudders that began running up and down the spines 'if Gator football fanm some two weeks ago are still vibrating in some quarterS. We refer, of course, tc the reactions from the almost sinultaneous announcements that Clark Shaughneeasy. nimster of the T'' formtion, and of inspirational football, has hied himself away from the war-zones of Palo Alto to the Georgian dignity of College Park. Md., and that Frankie Sinkwich. Georgia's one-man backfield. gt himself married right recently. Maryland, as most of those who can remember back past the 194112-12 fwsoe, hmlong been counted upon asone of the sure annual victorim on the Gator schedule. Without a top-flight coach, and with nowe too adequate material, the Old Liners have had little to offer In th&-way of competition in the past decade, except during those years an the middle '30s before All-Amercan Bill Guekeyson forsook the rollIng hill nmd iata"y pertfioes of College Park for the Palisades of Wes' Point. Shanghnesey's Stanford miracle is enough to prove he's a top flight coach. But when we hEar anyhody wonder about his ability, we al~ yaW8 like to hark back to one of the stories they tell a>ouit the great Pockne. Back ii. the late 1920s, somebody asked the Nuotre Danic cGO.A whQm he considered the nation's best football coaches. To which the forthright Rock, wit customary modesty. eplie'd, Well. I guess te other one is Shaughnestiy." Possibly A Better Sinkwich Fireball Frankie's marriage is almost as fearsome to sonicld Gator followers as is Shaughnessy's transfer. The ol-tizni s Iernenibtr tht Dale Van Sickle was ju.t another end with playN-.soy teintincies until he got married and settled diwn. Then he beeime an All-American. Sinkwich was already an All-Anmerican when he took a bI le, si) there may be no superlatiVes to fit him next year. Sports records are full of similar Istances() f the men who ber inme greater after joining thtranks of the Benedicts. Our best-remei bered case is thiL of Max Schm'ling, still next to Dempsey, our f'avor ite heavyweight champ d spite his Nazification. Der Teuton ShIla ger won our undying gratitude tor battering damnyankee Jack Sharkey from pillar to post in t heir second meeting i\vhich gave the title to Sharkey in a ulwer deal than the one on which Schmeling received iti, but he really rose to glory the night he went out to fight Joe Louis for "his Anna," and floored the Brown Bomber in the eleventh. Returning to Sinkwk-h, you have to hand it to his press agent, who upfarently has as many ideas as those who work in flodywood. During football season Mater Sinkwieb keeps in the headlines on his own hook, but he gets some mighty fine off-season press from somebody's good ideas. Lamt spring he caused a national controversy by quitting spring practice; this year he get.-i married. *nAnd On-Campus Odds And Ends Florlda athletics differed two premature losses when Coach Larry Mhlfins and Swimmer Tiger Holmes left the campus early last week. "Cbach Moon" was about the niost popular guy to hit here since effervescent Red Sanders had an All-too-brief tenure on the Gator Atatf. and lank Tiger's spirit and fritrndliness helped us to forget at tilines that some guys would like to pi ofessionalize all intercollegiate spor ts. Georgia Tech and Georgia both have some good ideas ao(ng baseballt htw thim year. Up Tech way, the team plans to continue coinpetion &1 mummer, since the educational curriculum is runnin" on a 12-Mtka basis. And at Athens, where football is something to go otand watch if you have a good team, but where baseball is the first Iq a;td topic of conversation to sports fans the year round, they let _9-bR lyl ootalimen off from sprng grid dr-ill. w u--.tf Florida athletes are g tongTo he seen in definitely different character, come Friday evening, April 17. Ploducers of the F-Club-ignia Delta Chi musical comedy guarantee that. students will find the chorus lintie different. to put it InildlV. and i;t last as attrartivt as those in stine of the shows that have hit Gainesvilk tof late. 0 Intramural Track Records One mural track record wa. broken this week when the SAE s yard relay team shaved 1.-t seconds o:f of the existing tOine of 1 minute, 36.9 seconds, set by Phi Delta Theta in 1939. Another mural record, made in 19-11. but accidentally omitted from this year's handbook, was pointed out this week by Stuart Ncwmcn. publicity director of the intramural boar. In last yvars meet, Art Kaplan, TEP, set a new record of 13.6 seconds for the 120-yard low hurles, displacing the oli time of 14.0 secon ds. h h was iic hoded Ill compiling the 1941-42 handl'ook. *Martin Thanks TEPs Add Seven Chancellor Ralph Mii-tin --shes to express his gratitude on iehalf of the elections cimniittto, ti the following nienb-rs ot Alpha Phi Omlegai, service' fiateri(t I I theirmaid in wvorkmmi the elevtion tally sheets. The mren are i r-d Hallock "Sniek" Ogden. Marvin ei wnsin, Tbomna.s Sturrock. Herbr Lazarus, and pledges Williamr Allen. Jack Holland. and W Cat lctoil B isim. Members To roll Se\' i rmet'i join tht i it lt Tai Epsili IP'mi t t a I kt'tsi ini tatitn. Preside-rit Nat M, 5t has antiounctid Tht iew Tau I-ps itc Inxig Fleet, T llah sst'c'. J I-k i-lsintil, Lake ( 'ity: Fri n k Hrvitz. Los Angelts. Caif. Kohoclt p. Tampa: Stui:trt Nt-wiiai:. Ft. 1u-ukicr1al, -anti Arth B ookIhitierl arid Milra, S II,artz. Miami Beach. Neil 'Wittensteim. Orlani wa s pledge tlf T Tu AIlhil i Qte last week FroshTrackr Versatile Yearling Scores 30 Points As Gators Beat High School85-40 Ex-Miami Cinderman Wins Six Events; Williams, Clifford Look Promising By Elliott Horovitz Led 1) Bo) (,tId~w ., \,,ho p rSoll,11y pointsFlorit t-h tra(:k team t.'IS'(l ( )caL hLig h stlo> SISll a t i G Il I II hre I. jtltc iI I II' I I six ihtferint events in-i i; .% -:h or man ft thu Iayv u; t s l the Pill Clifford -hom,' Ii lnSl ill promise a.he irCz t X'l in the iquai tr altrii 11 rn11 Gene W ilh lm .f ot t I tt isburIackste1,-i, al 1-ki i otkf1 4i ill As he w n thit. -polte. v;tif i 1t1k sectid high pomnt hioiiIl-s ox I alking up 11 tiunt'rs. Gaidnie had a fwch -i x' -th, experts' o thie (1ala il 1 i 1-s biggest hl-itlcI I X-' W 't b-y uflr inn ftir>ti i Xl V th other-' hofib ns "l l 1)(-!l( )( i t ki I w hlosers whie'tiltt l i i I; yIn':I -iI, thcr tur e i t l, y I -thnt I v I ysilt isIs sil II :1111 InnIlI)LIIct"tI that t hc11Osh I It-kIlnlwI 'IMIl i t lh t I. I tc high schfw l I J jcks, w v' 1 'l Tusdiy, at I m 'Thmtrict it i Lee a o \,.ill b stw ;<n I-a hain fIeld. suminlary 100 y-rc. das-list, rdierI-; second, iear, 0; third, ltrnIyA, 0-cala. lime: 10.3 set'. 2 yard dash--irst, (Gti'dner F* second. Ibbet sol. -( ) thi rt. leary. Ocala. Iiuiw .'!3.5 stt. lMigh hitrdles-I-irst, ltoblin. 0); S44-0on4, Dl1oniim 'l. V1; third IIt-Ies, 0. T1imne: 25.2 sec-. 440 yard r,.u-I-First, (liftord, F: c(i.l Ihhet son, (; third, 14,loyd, (I. Time: .2.5 si*. 984) yard run--Fir-t, Clifford. I"; ICCOtllitedfor 31 cOmllpletelY Otitrllcet Oil Gra 11a nI secod.% Wood F; third, Michael, 0. Time: 2 min. '79 se-c. iwli rtr-'irst, Manos, I"; see"snd, adger, 0; third Chazal. 0. Tirne: mini. 45 sec. -NI(ley relai-won byF l'loridi.I Time: 2 nin. .9 see. 894) Vaird relay-wonm by Florikm. Time 4 4I mni. .2 s'. nril jd jump-First, Gardier, F; s.it(11d, Wiiliais, F"; third. early, .Distance:' 20' 112. fi gh jump-First (ardner, F; s-cond, Williams, ; third,. Sbeal.%, .Height : 5 ft. 93 inches. P de x a tlt-i rst, Williams. F-; sucond, I., ;mynu. 0; third. 1E. (Guy m, 0. Height: II ft. 3 InchIliseis hrliry-l-irst, (ardir, I-'; vcomi.,1)(0'1iffic, V; third, Nl liamis, 0. distance: 130' .>. hiot plt -irst, 1arlner, -; seesd, lormniisk. -; third, ilII~ fns 0 [istapitv: 47' i'Z. Javelin throw -First. Bidwell, IF -14I' "; secnm, fllolmod, 0; third. *"l:atuore, F. HALL OF FAME continued lFrwn Page One s bhool iut we'e still elected ill4. Wde : Pletcher Rush former Blue Key pessi ft e 11tt. RtalphiTiilington..ittAltgatir' bsiiestmanager. A1ltn Poucher' former --I1Ifi nlilin (If thtGator partN. Tomm v Harrison itt.tanding three-letter in. \\ith dia1111()dbMItll, whichb pl-rm isi ng to bc it.5 decidi iug f k-agi l nit1r1-i lrace is -m IIIt Phi IIta Tl ta ihispueTou Epsil.n1 hiiit ftri fIlit lt ( IjI l-ad is 'Week whici lPh iilt-tIiIntc-nIl I--s S-el til 22 I pIolilts i)tIIk t(I tht Tau Fps' two This uim t bot st' Ithe PDTs into first phwl C in leagustali'lings wii tiey are foldinc b' I I -Iliint 'og e i lie Tps The I ounld robill(1:11mid":1 tourney vIll dtcidt. 111. izternity which '-xit I-iie Ji15e55i1n lft th.coitud Tig i I II phy tlr fli1ct' Irt 11 (.(Illhi ItI Xiii ~aI .,IlI) xiii th fit c s'i ilIll( 11-;I II I T I ust t a h ye 11m1 iiih tiI t1r111n t 1 hi t lliiiI-it I letts tiho X!II 11 (.ix 1 ltle Ih i tr im' V x, 1 a th, SI i t ThtP'i i t(eIts wIN t11 I( 11k dtarmIonIi4hiaI1 List tel:r whibI' Si.n, rr., AN Iphia Epsi ton t u II t111te1 -Ii I hoiors H t h o f tht's-0 lltOdls aletie re-al iliilmtir 11111lilcnflwit sheitld tilii'm f. betwu t in'Im tit h TFFI :hasms:te hpsupna. SA E v'IctIv. W ithI tr-st I 1nd MI 1n, places race has mevelopt'l 1ti) thtii spit -Ne s-Nowd=W -lowWWW -m .W M q -M EVERYBODY BOWLS1 Gainesville Bowling Center 921 W. University' --------0--d--mow WI*e eechardpicturing 18aiatdfatyles. I imm~ibe. .,dwantages 0 1 MARVELOUS PATENTED FtTER FML. Dnsuh & Co., Inc., A. CA TA L INA SWIA swilugs into tctiOn Iondw r, factor, the current fraterility Ow ho Stretchl. in thi (;re-k cit cuit. A threir ot I-i scrap between Pi Lamba Ph1. SAP, and Alpha Tau <>mwga has spiting up with th I'Li's holding a six-point edge ovtti S 1and a seven-point lad xeI ATO. Standings of thp top five fratmit thirogh tiawk fma-l1s t'(,_ I o xx5 1Phi Della Theta-233 TaII Vi1ll NO Ph1 -6 IN Lamtda Phi -I13$ sim Alpha Epa m) 132 Alpha Tau Omega -1 Pica ros Initiate Ten AtI Dance ated le t< Los Plcaros (v Quevt'mio' i.>'ran',' Spanish fratem ty. Sati y C 1 g ill a datirut' hodi 11 Miphie ltinge. Thc 114w mutlatcs inwlud t tl 1ril .1 L. Wi ,n. Frtnk Valerel, 1,eckmni C o ttrcll, James 4i.n Kuit Teiutsch. Louis Aion-VIf -[Iil~ Pac-heco, SatIxl i orI ci ii a ehitne v Sp ii! ut sts included Dt-an 1!1, Nllr \Va ite.-J.Mathierly M7'.i (,Nfilanuptm-nanriMrandMi "4 ""t-tRir lleOp C"i pp an M isJaeki Bailes. SUITS BA IR D EIARDWARi COMPANY PHONE 6 ien Whip Ocala; Gardner SAU RIA N SLANTS WIlith those who supported SAE Team Wins Practicle Gam By Holmes Alexander Stars e o n Fnd I N 4Su-It. Wt411M A A J19U Sweeping Victory Spring Dris TomorroW In Mural Track .4:J*L Pi Lans Defeat TEP In Handball 14 1 it1 1 aI t I It r whi Vil ii h alta litahl tj m v.on u t I ::A I fIteL n 111I tI I t! I -g aI.I I *r t -n' the I K ii I I I t !V ht'~ BIli'l Ur ,lfy. i t .5n t w L ga11 The g ile S c: w-1 1 -"2 .21-21. 21-7 lKra nz, who a >tibst t t ed y-tht. Pl mini a%%: t 1y Leventpillik. 1 th I I a m t t a t thioughiatt the itlatit.i ITjit O nilI1 1 Ith nAmIt sil I i. I I i I'. a TIw t o. ;aI i Ii Ieps. Thc t I F I f I o m t i t, I ro n I: Ila n arid I eli1. T. .i iia a tIll hmr: ilh fials. Thi.v&t y V th i PLPs t -it si .i I iiltI :til :i l <Ltil it yeat and na hi'' i ieimi ti, l ii the iGrecks tI tt'WoeulI t g II SAE ind Pil tko. '1 A1T, IiTI:. l')T.\ .aI I SN iw AwtI. Gator Nettei's Meet Davidson Monday gets its first taste lit actlIr l ,t-. lext MonaIy itertnion% %wh t l meltvv t h I ) dI( s Il .1 11( ttcl e, rentlv i lxnlthli th st h n1111 p)ii-tion th Si tt -Sr I I the suhiii.t t-iian herd this a tiii n h it as tP] celled at the Iequst to tliletilofieial t hit 1 i -llel8Acti,, L)r ct io aI Athtletua s I'VI icy i 'aI d annouinctd th ikild I t ft nI wet Y Netters Annex Diamondball Semis YIMCAs PL jVI,"6it lid Bob Wi Iianiif) i an1net-xed I II lie tennm.A doubles tittLIc of tht iidependnt leagit.e last week wh in they t ouiced (II s Ted Nt us aid El I)at .ti-2. 6-:H 6-i i t liei i rnals it tlie spottI Both tennis r:wei the finals the easy way with the ditibIst. lwt attinl litiDoile s I ttan i and the ( 'L s la~v:inl g t t the finals by Imeanls If two foifetsDianitoldhil Istarts fr the independents litt Wcoilnesdayv with YMCA. -xi I h A IeiI T Ie nFra n k 'I n11 l it its itlK i a ViiaGator Golfers Face D~avidson 'Team Here >n M it thv (;n(,1! nd "u(ntio, ('1uh link .T h ti n wxilh ti r tll I I th .sin Ii k he sil Lnksiven. who Ill pil t 1 ;t l 0 ish at thi.N us in the leclion. Walter McRae Jim Robinson Dan Roberts Jerry Brown Ray Pearson Morgan McJunkin Allan Anderson Raymer Maguire Bob Smith Al Cone George Shaw Hank Gardner John SCox Bill Corry Tom Economou Jimmy Rush Bi'' Mahoney Lloyd Flood Bob Beardsley Gains 40 Points As PDTs Take Second Place c c i (,ks "1)s' ing fotbalflPr'acticc t'end 1for he .i d a ( als tOmiil'W altel-OOll \vien coadeh Tomn Lieb Ins h I I hIi ta III igh. It II1 ,lt at m tram urk l ;11 11,w Monidaix wxhen they rolled ii P piots to 22 1-2 for their teares ii tl. Phi Delta Theta. The SA sI e was the il ir est i r'e. 11,L1I ial i is t ()Iy% TIe IIIII In en 'ltd'ed to the ir ready tlp heavy" y sec by ,iitit 13ob Godn r's not lylm thit-221 v a i.sii and I lust pjliw' ml fti i erl. Vcord iOl aiag the Itax' tV-ent. SA iixmi ei t h 11u1 a I i d it ha A ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i m h rlomnse ij -I':w tit; 'l 1 by met a 1d tu .t a o t unt i iti is:;5. sticondi :Itld t ,)i its l eaw d b p1 s 1if dfill t lt l ti :;' jIo(iiit> to >22 :iMi, jill L. the sd plaitc ttiii C'itt jied ,%,is thlt' big gull i1 1It -kiliiati tC tkml'iig t1i.'t lace biith th1i 0o ari 22)()yotd b ('raig [-aids I h I(i t ig p'l I Oi ft l'ii DLt ti sti lid liake taking ItN st tht elay' AT placed tthud ill tihiltact ith 1 1-2 points, whilt S iia N % as fourth with lime. Although his tetnn f:iltd ti) fin ishl iil the uIoney, Lair'1y' i\oitet K S, tantned iii a to p perf-tili'll a I thew 100 1yard daish to win thiin.tIt II Xviot'd Bill C iwan, SPE. 4 Gator Mitters In StateAAUs Led 1)y Jutnn' I oCt, N CA lig htwt i ht runner -up last weel at Baton Rouge, four' Florid; boxers are entered in the state A AU tournMent iJacksonvil theweek-end. 3esiles Jocat, the Gators enter ed a rt A I Young, Bui-ch Ilr a nid Larn-a IrFa neoc-k. Young a 112or 130-jpounder'. Iafirt t-athe-weight, a nid Hancock welterweight. Jota nsa i.h.d tirong h three opponent s bt'fore running u against Wiscorsin's Rankin. dc tending champion. in the firmals a atn tottige. Rankin, a couitter pjnicier much the saran' styv.o ,loti -to' k a dittcisimi. Dorms Advance To Independent Doubles Ii lti( 4 -t f I tI I IlljI p1 )I ~I If IZilt;I, n I Ill t-1.4)I t i & o tIi t( 1 4i t tI I t k1 .h W t k it. 11 -t nitrBihn onii 11 d .t< jilt i t \ Li-kmai ( an Tt l l t-e'i gt'i cn t~Iai II? ta-u sj i-i fi\e ill l t tS Millpii 1 L iii-tMar pit Itid Thlta F t -s Ii kimtit( MNJ I:ax mill the s -iini-fmalS -if th how much some of his injured men nave recovered. Worst injury of the s-ssion came early thss week when big Oleo Lee, only veter-an center, broke his ankle. Final wnei s of the 1942 spring trophies will be announced after the garne. %%ith the judgmentrfor the blocking contests being based "fl sho'igs in the contest itself. In competition already completed. Fondren Mitchell has clinched two trophies. to tie Jack Jones' mark of 1,#-t year. Mitchell took the goal-kiicking contest liy dioppinig 12 out of 1S drop-kicks through tht' upri; hts. and the punting for distance with a 56 l-J xytid ii\t'age. Billy Miis, nri'wly enrolled Seshmiian. won the passing for ac<i acY title yesterday afternoon. couple o' if n2ek catches patrolling k wI" IId-. I g qtI ag s A hti ha V lt t he It ,-; it, t lm ei t, it Si I tI I lt e ti McKendree Hurls 2-0 Shutout For Gator Ball Team Kaplan And Ferguson Score For Florida In Hurlers' Battle tl i t i lt, le t est t ii itht') t ~ ~ I t, .t.,;,ne M en i,-e tich th11e Gd Im il a L e tI III .ierln I t.-;ta t >1 I I & I I1 t. 11 h0 '1 1d 1,"" .L 1 ""2 111.ei the top endit of i 2-0 setNKtedlce irm d l'-tc IKleda. I I 1 tat 1 11u II I I .thrte armI y te I a 1, 11 all\twed11 ,l1 t hits, In I I tht. 1 (l rIda t\u i h141 1 :4 110 lit-i l \ :I th Its )I. ut sifllI lit 1i : tiiI t ttw ti tr ig hi Gato r. 'Score i n Uifthi Flit idah sI-It'd t1n1I ii1 tlit itt h 1 iiihilI In ob y ilni ii sinlt.\t ha-lnl t' >,iitte, a l5sed ball. ind &IIts tat a-I Mit for nA t, tf)It: it ir *it F t tglittn molodtIII th eighth whiilt.' the iraly infield was )Is av t t' tall Aaroind the jiti Icil.If tri .I,,t) i x tch (ati.,i basea e 20 2 1 01 00 0 0 4 1 00 20 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 4 -i it lii t ii 28 0 s [ii p 10 -4 0 3 0C 4 1 4 0 3 0 3 0 3 1 10 21) 2 12 0 07 3 0 1 9 2 0 1 0 1 0 3 0 2 OP 1 3 9 0 23 103 ItIrinTI Ws ItIth one out. h'i igF ritn IIBatted for Maschi n ninth. b Batted for Spencer in ninth. Ikeel. lg s(in sitngleBd. ant e Batted for Koed in ninth. tl pair adv cet as Spencer, lett d Batted for Hacia in ninth. Runs batted in: Cabot. Two bass Iieldti f fot the x isit'os let the hit hit: Burrage. Stolen passes: WUgIt away fron hi anks, Davis. Sacrifces:sMcKeSt%%Uy foll 11111.dree, Koleda. Left on bases: 143ed Fergusii Slides mI Infantry, 10; Florida, 6. Double lck rDavis, next up, hit a hopplays; Burrage to Nails, Ferrigno to pcir co Useconid, and Fer n FrgergUson to Cabot. Cabot to Kaplan pt' dl~iritoto Ferguson. Bases on balls; off was thion out at the plate as McKendr.e. 8, off Kolan. 2. Struck Fego oktir.Kheam ct: by McKendree. 6, Koleda, 5. k ,t tii hle arm Wild pitches: Koloda, McKendrto. la catchtr iied too lateto n jab Hit by pitcher: by Koteda, (McKe.Adree). Passed ballKohler. Umn. Davis going down to second, and pires; Davie and Sutler. ier.'uson slid homeUnde'hintas -ML-Kendree got in trouble with tf twu passes in the ninth, but a fast double play, Cabot to Kap'an to Broken? 1 ergIlgustI. preserved hi.4 shIt-olit. it Nails. first base Mnai fur i the c (I1 n'v te t~S, 'was the only man to get -L1I(k U M~w u'tiound 11114odd e two lits,. ald i-i. 1 Ird's setmidtut balsentiain. gotilt.litnly e'xtzi I K -huse bo wt, t dtlble r''stafX in regular ard' t Vieldinig g('1114)1'the 'gollit wt4m d r x hi k e s .Ikst t wt-1i111 (Il hit. hopping 47"',$ is goundtI()r lIf Koilr's hft in im''th1175$1.0 .-txth. n111 LI Cahill il e a t rnnwt it te winns HUYNG YOUR V1,11'1 1' K CIRO.%,.ill'C 0 L E S th dfle-t it I h'tIeist if JE lE ni "s ct'ellti 4n -423 W. University Ave. 'N n Moda ++++++++++*+++I ine A R IA 110W A a Totals 0 4 '5 0 0 0 0 0 24 triter fitld for th ie Ga tons. The box score. 3rd INFANTRY t h HACIA. 3b 4 0 0 ARNOLC. sa 3 0 0 ,CHRISTIE. ct 3 0 0 ,,4AILS. ,1) 3 0 2 KOHLER, c 410 1 BURRAGE. 2b 4 0 1 MASCHI. rf 2 0 0 SPENCER. 1 3 0 1 KOLEDA, p 1 0 0 KRATZ 0 0 0 -HAYLES 1 0 0 LUSSING -0 0 0 d PAPPIN 1 0 0 SGreek 1raluRace Diamondball Is Decisive Sport As PDTs, TEPs Vie For Tigert Trophy FL ORID,,. CABOT. 21) WILANKS. I FEi8RIGNC. c FERGUSON. 1 DAVIS, n-t POSTON, 3b CAHILL. ct KAPLAN, ss McKENDREE, undIe r-sigtied time to state our deep appreciation to JUST RECEIVED A COMPLETE LINE OF I / \\ ilp yourself to a swell appearance! (" 1TES Spring-comem the' new spring Arrow .IsirtdSnappy patternii. Pmootls colors, and quality fabrics make them as handsome as you Could wish. Mitoga-tailored and Sanforized labeled fabric shrinkage "a. than 1%). Buy some of thesE knockouts today' Top them off with .welI-elegaral Arrow ale.! Burnett THE Cletbier Nort i %a dSquam -Ar AGE THRE4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 a 0 w 

PAGE 4

I --FOU THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOFRR JDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1942 -Out Of Frying Pan' Is Florida Alumnus NextPlayer eNamed Head Of O--fferiig 1 Florida Players will let "pure" humor take' the spotlight next Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday nights at 8 p.m. when they answer curtain call for the hilacious three-act comedy "Out of the Frying Pan," going on P. K. Yonge stage as this season's last major production. Prof.! Paul E. Geisenhof of the speech department will direct. Bill Johnstone, veteran player, is Ithe supporting cast of "The Man assistant director. Who Came to Dinner" Jayne The plot and scenery of "Out of1 Crane, who played the female lead the Frying Pan" are very simple, as the flower girl in last year's and all emphasis is laid on humor"Pygmalion"; Vernon Weaver of ous situations and fast comedythe "On Borrowed Time" cast; The scene is an apartment house Oscar Rappaport, Billy Kessen, in the older section of New Yoek Betty Jean Philpot, Tom Eisele City frequented by members of 'and Ernest Stanley all of whom the theatrical profession. appeared in one-acts this season. Al In One Room Newcomers are Ann Towson and The play's action centers about Joan Weaver. the many-and unusual attempts of King Caddoo is production mana group of young actors and acager. The stage crew is made up! tresses to get a producer, living of students in the dramatic pro-1 directly beneath their apartment, duction class and includes Sam to come upstairs so they can Payne, T. L. Crum, Herman Lee, show their talent. Tom Eisele, Vernon Weaver, ErnAs in the recent broadway proest Stanley and Jack Mills; makeduction, "Room Service," the enup, Fritz Myers and Bill Johntire action takes place in one stone; properties, Billy Kessen; room. Five doors on the set lead master electrician, Bob Soar; asto four off-stage sets which makes sistant, John Stone. forthe swift-moving variety of Tickets for "Out of the Frying comedy seen in "Three Men on a Pan" are now available at Florida Horse," and the recent "HellzaUnion desk from 1 to 5 p.m. every poppin." day except Sunday. All seats are Because many parts are of the reserved and students must pre-t same length, the play has seven sent activity books for tickets. leads. The cast of 12 is Jack Non-student tickets are 44 cents Mills, Walter Turner, Betty Rose for adults and 25 cents for chilScott, Ernest Stanley, Vernon dren, including tax. -Weaver, Jayne Crane, Betty Jean' Philpot, Billy Kessen, Tom Eisele, i Oscar Rappaport. Ann Towson and I Latca to s Joan Weaver.Last chance to purchase graduJation invitations will be on TuesCat Of Veterans day April 7. Invitations can be Experienced players appearing obtained from the booth opposite; in one-acts and major productions the Florida Union desk. The ininclude Jack Mills and Betty Rose vitation order must be sent out; Scott, who had the split-lead roles by Tuesday. of the last major production "On Ralph Engle. Borrowed Time"; Walter Turner in Invitation chairman. I am deeply grateful to all the voters who supported me against an excellent gentleman. I shall try to repay them by continuing to do the best I can for Florida's student government. BILL NORMAN BELKS_ Spun Rayon and Sharskin Slacks A grand seltetion of men's spring and summer slacks n wool C'n, uin rayon and shaik kin. All w1 tailored for bett Ifit tin' ang ; longer wear. All of the newest colors .All alt(er-t i'ns r i Sizes 27 to -2 $2.98 to $4.95 See Our Large Selection of Sport Shirts and Jackets BELK. UNDSEY, Inc. ---iaumuu i I I IpI Ci. Harold L. Mace, a Florida alumnus, has been named director of flying at Randolph Field, Uncle Sam's "West Point of the Air," it was announced this week by officials of the army air corps. Mace, who is only 34, will direct the flying training of thousands (.f aviation cadets and flying instructors at the field which is the oldest and largest in the nation. The field covers some 2,300 acres of ground and was constructed at a cost of 12 million dollars. Gaining three promotions in two years, Mace has gone from captain to colonel in that short span of tine. Col. IIaskell II. Cleave Signal Corps Head Speaks To ROTC Men He received his wings denoting the rank of flying officer over 12 years ago at Kelly field. In the five Years following his graduntion from Kelly field he served in many phases of the army air corps. Specializing in the engineering and technical aspects of aviation, hli received most of his training; along these lines at the army air corps technical school at Chanute tiei, Ill. He also served at Maxwell field, Ala., and Fort Benning Seventy nivers-ty of FloIri Ga. R. 0. T. C. students. members' >I After his Benning assignment Scabbard and Blade, honorary li was transferred to foreign duty military fraternity, Monday night m the Philippines where he served heard an inter esting address on as engineering officer from 193C Uncle Sam's Signal Corps coint. )938. munications nerve system of th8b armywhich the speaker, Lt.-Col. n f8 erwa n sta HasellH. leaesdecare isex-from foreign set-vice and stationed Haskell H. Cleaves, decladiedgise at Randolph field as a member of panding rapidly. telv Col. Cleaves, tst Lison signar he flir' department staff. Hc POSa ftot flying instructor t Off-icer, Wsdte flight commander, to stage m m4)i'trly assistant professo niander, and from there to himilitary science an] tatic s tt newest position,4. ht of Randolph Carnegie Tech, made it clea r that field flying ietr the -Signal Corps is ativtely' 1) dr-Ct i paring for service under battle conditions, and described m any Murphree Presents of the new radios and telephonesues s used in field activities. Easter Selections He said maneuvers and reconnaissance are often engaged in A special program of East attempting to find new and better Organ nursic will be presented by methods of this important phase Claude Murphree, University orof warfare. ganist, to be played in the UniverCol. Cleaves, who was intr -sity auditorium Sunday afternoon duced by Major Alan S. Rush, at. I o'clock. adviser of the Scabbard and Blade Murphree will be assisted by chapter, said new students in tle -Mrs. R. A. Edwards, talented local Signal Corps are urged to forgit contralto, in a group of Easter their former infantry, artillery .' songs. cavalry affiliations and considt.r The organ selections to be played themselves only as soldiers in the include: Signal Corps. Paeasn of Easter --Muller. An interesting sidelight of his "St. Ann's Fugue"-Bach. address was a brief account of Morning Serenade -Truette. recent experiences of the famous In a Norwegian Village---Clokey. Regular Army 1st Division cornSuite, Sketches of Bermuda ft. handed by Major Gen. D. C. Cuh1). Shure. bison, now in training at Camp Easter Spring Song-EdmundBlanding., which division was one son. of the outstanding fight units of Chorale-prelude "He Leadetn the European War, 1914-18. Me" Matthews. The meetin was presided over All students and others are inby Cadet Ma jor GeoreVrIss. vited to attend. "'C --z~i i~rr P 'it ili a f Arro w.1c4a r(ionuiialq'e v Io t Iie fact r I -I ltI 1'.lid d. call CRCE Drive Moves Ahead On Schedule -1J Hones Alexander' -CRCE Chairman Kurt Ti-ut. -' -h this week expressed his i atifwition to leaders ofb I t h political par-ties for their )1r m isf.' 4)1 rc-u' in of a cabinet post t the stu!dnt government next VIsirtdire t reclanm tion, cons-rvatitn and economy, and ccii roiitvwi-k fu' the student ody Clay Codrington. secret at CRCE's executive i1comittec, and the only nenberbi f the guidimig body not a candidate for a du'gree. is in (har-ge of wirm (lrin Teutsch's absence. Knowle,%.G(ts .Aid l Max Brexvir, Claitdt.1,Mn-. H ri Bt <u ghs Pill Z~wli, and Daniel Cravitt this week signal up y to aid Treasurer(ordIn Knowlis in transportation work. it h tlhijur'(1gruinm runnm1g smoothly and th inl Sight, no ot her' ninjm cane wi'r-e I a il n)tln el g-( i -ida As recognition uf -RCK s -ii thi' C 5 In W the student i dy .Pt'r-sidiI. tt -Tigert on March 21 ippiuuted ion. faculty conmimittekf l co-mr~s'elt : aile'l tiOln a:n)d salvage in iords tii is not closer faculty-stud irnt hmty lv tify iuer tin. :ger, nI' tASME Delegates enBack From Meet a 1)01 S ix l" Iu d u m utt m-1r 1n l ti her 1I"dal urapter f thIn Anlwricain : ; -1 i. ty If mrechuinicul engrrnut-rs, t S there national -onNI'nt]on1 hu+! 11 -als K nlmt xvi1e. T enn., i iii Ms i ew to April 2. Men irer'ies.-entillm. thuc nxrtx ore wx'cr'e: Joe Singer, 1)rcs(it'lnt .) -hi-o_ hnptei', Clydei'Murlis,. Al Schntitl re-Bob Wright, 1) .Thtips i a ike, 1. .Hughes. Acrompanyri! Col. Harold L. Iace Col lege Farmer' Out This Week Th i March issue The F l collegee Farmer came off press TuesdLay of this week, -lnunc'd Editor Clint Brand ,Copies hava lready been ma to all subscribers; anyone receiving copies should not Jean ilson. circulation mann or Brandon. This, the third issue of current school year, features. article by Marshall Godwin. titled "This Farm Labor Pr lem", in which Godwin gives new insight on the present li shortage due to war Anot lrticle, writt 1n by rom Ry -horticulture majornd narcis grower ,from Doctor's Inlet, d. -with'Narrcissus -Flori las N industry.' Moi'gar McJunkin. sophorm A^g student, took over -Ko',%K lege Komrnents". a column Ue tofore written by Terry Dra now in the Arnv. Mor-gan a wrote a top article on the ch and egg show, held in Gain ville this year for the first tim The next issue of The Farmn and the last of the year, will off the press May 10, Bra stated. Her name was "Checkers'I cause she jumped every time made tte wrong move. lso ick Ses e r, be you Ten Bandmen .JoinK. K. P. Kappa Kappa 1si. national henorarv band fraternity, held its first initiation ceremonies on the caipits in five years snnda n.ght. Major .James B. C)Netl, director of the Fort Pieru-c1High School Rand, was present for the initit tion asan ho >ratry mthe Stl~iden-tS initial te(Iwee:RObert Aust G-in, (-orge Bari w, E-nest (ll, RobertDosh, Jack Guistwhite, George Har'rison, Olin Richards George Tornwa Ill, Bill-Ware, m iil (Robert Williams. Takig part in the ceremonies were Director R DeWitt Brown. President Charles Brokav, Vice President DIa vis Parker. Secretary Vernon Whitney, Treasurer Bob Munnell, Editor David C. Fowler. and James E. Moore. nol loxi ng the cerei nt i t h rreoplr'vt es were co nduhcted to the private dming room of the soda founta in, where tfhev were served we cream and cookiesnien was Plot. N. C Ebaitgh. ;fatultY advisor. Iug hes. wh" rn the local techa papr competition -pre.dnte his pper to the convention. Thn-. xl he a meeting P t h' chapter today at I ;il. in bnton 21:'),. all m mers ar urged ti attendt. Easter Service To Be Held At Newnan' s Lake T'hf -UniversityIi g riousOUn .1 1 will sponsor t he Easter sun ri-Q services to lhiwld Sunday nMrm rng at Newna4n laI k Student houses will be ga.hern p t fi persons w thing i dues to I It#pi r'st I ?bvter'a i church, which is t he downtown ternaunl. Those attending the .er'viis will leave t'own at 6:30 aini. in der to be at the lake in time lor*the beginning -f the 'rvice .it sunrise 7:01 a.m. The Presbyterian student .ession house has been askcd to -plan the service aid other church -roups are a ssistuig with the artangerents. --Methodists (ood Friday services for cam, i% Metho( ists will be' h eld at 7 o(eCLIk tonight in lvingston Memorial Chapel at Welt'v Foundationi. Revi. .Ronmk Biiran will be in charge. N rt hw est cirv unii tx's ('x'ivilian pilot training program already his sint enough men into th 3lrmi ed services to man -three com plete combatt section. $2 AMore ? into 00 o A necessary for One vee.e for O heteCec *-r I,, etrieda 13DESTROYERS FL yl ED NGGUN BOA HE, A N Eri-AI ~EIhtr, CRAFT GrFIVDIERZS ore There's satisfaction in knowing that the 6/2 revenue tax you pay on every pack of twenty cigarettes is doing its'bit for Uncle Sam And you'll get complete smoking satisfaction in Chesterfield's famous blend of the world's best cigarette tobaccos. This superior blend is tops in everything you like best in a cigarette. It is definitely K 0 \rrw 4GordonOx ford. (or a tin ,b e o 1h)tl' adDol'. 'Thveie oxfords are made of -turdi stuff and %won't -Ibrink for they are Sanfori/fud laiieled fabric -irirnkag.' le than I i. hi your f*.ioriti' rtollar modcl. Gct a 'mre-tvr% 'uppjljl. 4ow NUFF SED Burnett THE Clothier North Side of the Square a lot mor, pleau :1 -Ceterfield The DIXIE Party Thaviks All Students Who Supported Its Ticket DIXIE riterates that its (lected can idates will carrv ott the P s ideals for hcbetterment of student govei'inMent dld stlbsidid'v O'gailiz.'itiolls. DIXIE is ot a 'fli-by-niiit political party, but will ('Outlill ic to sI a nc for' A Greater Florida EXPiE RT 'Alterations Rettiodefity Beer's Tailors 421 W. Univ. Ave. 0 t i a*CE FOUR THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR -RUPP", 
