
PAGE 1

0the independent florida Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc of Gainesville, Florida VOLUME 105 ISSUE 57 We Inform. You Decide. FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 UF named top-10 school in social media use By GREG LUCA Alligator Staff Writer As UF students are flocking to social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter, the university is following suit. Those efforts have resulted in a No. 9 ranking in the first list of the Top 100 Social Media Colleges, announced StudentAdvisor.com early this week. The group compiled the rankings based on the quantity and effectiveness of UF's interactions on Twitter, Facebook and other social media networks. "It's absolutely critical to have a strong social media presence to reach the people you want to reach the most," UF spokesman Steve Orlando said. "This is the way students communicate. This is the way they get their information." For students at UF, the amount of news and data available on social networking sites is seemingly limitless. According to the UF Web Administration website, the university has 82 official Facebook pages, 52 Twitter accounts and 12 YouTube channels. "The most surprising findings were in the incredibly diverse ways the colleges engage in social media," said Dean Tsouvalas, editor-in-chief of StudentAdvisor.com, on the results of the study. At UF, the most popular of these is the "University of Florida" Facebook page, which has more than 200,000 fans, a number that ranks sixth nationally among colleges. But UF is concerned with much more than just the sheer number of viewers, Orlando said. "You have to engage the audience, find out their interests and provide some of that info," said Bruce Floyd, the lead social media and web manager at UF "It becomes hollow if all you do is just post information .We're trying to ask questions so that people can discuss it and talk about it." Floyd handles the main UF accounts on Twitter and Facebook, among others. He was given full control of the Facebook page in fall 2009 and brought it from 20,000 followers to the bastion of information it presently is. "Sometimes we're the first point of contact with a lot of people who are interested in the university," he said. "It's the Student virtual opening of the door." Life Orlando and Floyd agreed that other UF social media outlets provide useful and timely information to current students. Some professors have taken to using Twitter for classroom purposes, while the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences' Academic Advising Center uses its page to keep tabs on how long the wait is to see an adviser. Floyd said he expects UF's involvement in social media both in and out of the classroom to only increase going forward, regardless of its high national ranking. "It doesn't mean by any stretch that we can sit back and say, 'Oh, we're done,"' Floyd said. "It's about active participation, so we have to be interactive and involved." Top Ten Social Media Colleges 1. Harvard 2. Johns Hopkins 3. U.S. Military Academy 4. Carnegie Mellon 5. Notre Dame 6. Stanford 7. Colombia 8. Miami 9. UF 10. Oregon StudentAdvisor.com STATE Students meet with lawmakers in Tallahassee By ELIZABETH BEHRMAN and PAUL RUNNESTRAND Alligator Staff Writers About 70 students packed into a bus and headed to Tallahassee on Tuesday to speak with state lawmakers about issues important to the university. The students, along with administrators and alumni, met with legislators and discussed everything from including textbooks in Sales Tax Relief Day to preventing cuts in faculty benefits. "We literally invaded the capital," CK I said UF Student Body President Ashton Charles. Members of Florida Blue Key, the service and leadership organization that hosts events such as Gator Growl and Homecoming, participated as part of Gator Day, an annual event put on for students to meet and network with state officials. "It's just a really incredible event to be able to go up there and be able to show the influence and importance of the University of Florida," Charles said. SEE GATOR DAY, PAGE 10 NJ bakery blows top, dusts town in flour ENGLEWOOD, N.J. -People might have thought they were part of a recipe when a New Jersey bakery blew its top and shot a cloud of flour over cars and buildings. Acting Englewood Fire Chief Gerald Marion said a pipe became loose at the top of the La Esperanza Bakery silo as flour was being pumped into the building on Tuesday. Some people thought there was an explosion as flour filled the air and coated several adjacent buildings. The pipe has since been resealed. -THE ASSOCIATED PRESS N Bonnie, a classroom bunny at Baby Gator, is on the mend after an emergency surgery early last month. See Story, Page 4. / Launch Of Inspiration Students from the Queen of Peace Academy launch a rocket they made during the annual Aerospace Day at Flavet Field on Thursday. Forty-six students in the seventh and eighth grade attended the event that was hosted by the UF branch of the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. Florida redshirt senior running back Chris Rainey (right) is optimistic about the fresh start he will get in the Gators' new pro-style offense after a troubled 2010 season. See Story, Page 20. TOday FORECAST OPINIONS CLASSIFIEDS CROSSWORD SPORTS 2 6 14 19 20 Sunny 77/54 visit www.alligator.org 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 News Today Upstart Saturday, 1 p.m. Reitz Union Auditorium Instructors from the New York Film Academy will be visiting UF for a free five-hour workshop. The event is open to all levels of experience. Learn about the film making process from these top professionals. Fick CD Release Show Saturday, 10 p.m. 1982 Bar Local band Fick will be releasing their new EP, Futureshock, at 1982. They will be joined by Eight Track Automatic, Far Away Planes and Black Box Jungle. $6 cover charge, $8 for under 21. African Student Union Showcase Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Reitz Union Grand Ballroom It is free and open to the public. This event showcases African culture from various regions of the continent. There will be a fashion show, dancing, storytelling, free African food and much more. MASS Weekly Motorcycle Meet-up Saturday, 3:30 p.m. Arthur Ray Massey Westside Park Join the group for a motorcycle meet-up and a two-hour ride around Alachua County every Saturday. Motorcycle Association of Students and BEST JEWELRY AND LOAN 523 NW 3rd Ave. (352) 371-4367 Pawi1 Brokers 0 TRED OF ROOMING WITH (NIIPANZEES? 4 SOLVE YOUR ROOMMATE PROBLEMS WITH ALLIGATOR QASSIFIEPS aiigatorX 373-FIND TODAY dis SUNNY 77/54 SATURDAY SUNNY 83/55 Staff is open to all bikes and riders, students or otherwise, and it is free to ride. More information available on Facebook. University Gospel Choir Spring GospelExtravaganza Concert Sunday, 7:00 p.m. University Auditorium Join the University Gospel Choir for the Annual Spring Gospel Extravaganza. There will be special guests such as the University of Central Florida Gospel Choir, the 13th Disciple and many more. Graduate Christian Fellowship April Large Group Meeting Monday, 7 p.m. Reitz Union Room 285 Sarah Hamersma from the Economics Department will be speaking on "Grad School: Not just a means to an end." Frozen yogurt at Mochi afterward. PAM Kick-Off Concert Feat. Allison Weiss Tuesday, 7:30 p.m. Orange & Brew Come kick back and kickoff Pride Awareness Month SUNDAY SUNNY 85/59 MONDAY '[TV SUNNY 87/63 TUESDAY THUNDER STORMS 85/60 with an acoustic concert featuring singer-songwriter Allison Weiss. Weiss is a high-energy folk-infused powerpop singer from Brooklyn, NY. Local singer Jeff Jones will open. This event is co-sponsored by Pride Student Union. Edible Book Contest April 7 In front of Library West Prizes will be given in five categories. See details at uflib.ufl. edu/ readathon. Got something going on? Want to see it in this space? Send an email with "What's Happening" in the subject line to ebehrman@alligator.org. Please model your submissions after above events. Improperly formatted "What's Happening" submissions may not appear in the paper. Press releases will not appear in the paper. The Alligator strives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. If you find an error, please call our newsroom at 352-376-4458 or send an e-mail to editor@ alligator.org a the independent florida VOLUME 105 ISSUE 57 ISSN 0889-2423 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc, of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 3 Man Manage Assi alligat 52-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Paul Runnestrand, prunnestrand@alligator org aging Editor/ Print Elizabeth Behrman, ebehrman@alligatororg ing Editor/ Online Joshua Saval, jsaval@alligatororg Metro Editor CJ Pruner, cporuner~aligator org University Editor Elizabeth Behrman, ebehrman@alligator org Sports Editor Adam Berry aberry@alligator org stant Sports Editor Greg Luca, gluca@aligator org orSports org Editor Jesse Simonton, jsimnonton~aligator org Opinions Editor Cynthia Despres, cdespres@alligatororg Editorial Board Paul Runnestrand, Elizabeth Behrman, Joshua Saval, Cynthia Despres Photo Editors Matt Tripp, mtripp@aligator org Max Reed, mnreed~aligator org Freelance Editor Amanda Milligan, am illigan@alligator org the Avenue Editor Melinda Carstensen, mcarstensen@alligator org Copy Desk Chiefs Anthony Chiang, Tyler Jett, Corey McCall, Emily Morrow, Colin Simmons Copy Editors Rebecca Astorga, John Boothe, Safid Deen, Olivia Feldman, Greg Fink, Josh Isom, Caitlin O'Conner, Lily Parkinson, Rachel Rowan, Briana Seymour, Cayla Stanley Matthew Watts DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482, 800-257-4341, 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Shaun O'Connor, soconnor@alligator org Retail Advertising Manager Gary Miller, gmiller@alligatororg Advertising Office Manager Victoria Livingston, vlivingston@alligator org Advertising Assistant Melissa Bell Intern Coordinator Jesse Morgan Display Advertising Clerks Carly Blattner, Jesse Morgan, Stephanie Parker Sales Representatives Giselle Boothby, Joseph Bryant, Serina Braddock, Brandon Davis, Courtney McCalden, Julian Pothemont, Ally Russo CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015(Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@aligatororg Classified Clerk Ashley Flattery CIRCULATION Operations Assistant James Austin BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Delia Kradolfer Senior Bookkeeper Melissa Bell, mbel@aligator org Accounting Clerks William Adams, Zachary Frost, Stephen Roskowski ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@aligatororg Administrative Manager Judy Moore Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, Imcgowan@alligator org President Emeritus C E Barber, cebarber@alligatororg SYSTEMS Desktop Support Manager Kevin Hart PRODUCTION Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator org Assistant Production Manager Erica Bales, ebales@alligator org Advertising Production Staff Shannon Close, James Nolton, Vinnie Pierino, Jackie Tseng Editorial Production Staff Jocelyne Sanchez, Alexander Silva, Rosa Taveras The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc P 0 Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257 The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods During UF summer academic terms TheAlligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W University Ave Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a m to 4 p m Monday through Friday, except for holidays Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore @ Copyright 2005 All rights reserved No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc \ ir sc:inu \0IIi ntcrs 1kW a stud\ 1 1us dle und i\\ 1,1n1l imn. P;Irl ic ipail' mu]s" t b bc h c n i 18 :Ind 44 \ eals old Ad iII encrall uod hCeth. G mIlpc-ndll Iu / rl / Irll t ll /i t >// c/l orl. li/ OPPERA Study U N I VER S IT of0 (352) 273-762 UFFLORIDA or JPPERAQ dentalul .edL1 

PAGE 3

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 20110 ALLIGATOR, 3 Bike builder turns work into art A basic frame costs $2,300 By KAT BEIN Alligator Staff Writer Most people look at a bicycle and see a mode of transportation. But for Alexis Dold, a bike frame is a work of art. "It's more than real art," he said. "It's something substantial." Dold is the man behind Villin Cycle Works, Inc., and if you've got the money, he can make you a custom bike. His love for bikes goes back to his childhood. He started racing at 6 years old with dreams of one day riding around the world with no hands. Throughout his years, he's had other loves, like surfing and DJ-ing. He moved to San Francisco in the 1990s and was signed to a record label for his music mixing talents. But after the label tanked and his motives for staying became blurred, he followed a girl to Gainesville. There, his love for biking came back to the forefront. In 2000, he bought Bikes and More on Northwest 6th Street. While there, he began teaching himself how to build bike frames and started Villin Cycles on the side. He said he named it after Gainesville, the city that "taught him how to love." "Basically what I'm trying to do is make something simple be as badass as possible. I've made them more than bicycles deliberately." Alexis Dold biker It took a few tries before he got his skill level right. "My first one is a joke and I was so proud of it," he said of the red-and-black spray-painted monster with the duct tape Villin Cycle logo. But he began to hone his craft. At first, Dold just gave his frames away, but then he started charging $15 more with each frame. Now, a basic frame from Dold goes for $2,300. His specialty frames, Dold said, come enhanced with techniques only he can produce. "Basically what I'm trying to do is make something simple be as badass as possible," he said. "I've made them more than bicycles deliberately." He's expanded his business through the years to include painting bikes as a means to have more control over the final product. But Dold doesn't see himself expanding much more than that. "It's not worth it to me because the bigger you get, you have to sacrifice everything the business is in small increments," he said. "You're doing everything for the bottom line eventually as opposed to why you got into it." Orders for a Villin Cycle can be placed through his website at villincycleworks. com, but there's a wait of about 25 months before you'll see the final product. But the final product, he said, is worth the wait. "It does not end after the frame is finished," he said. "It continues with the rider." Shands employee charged with burglary, drug possession 0 HE HAD A STOLEN RIFLE. for possession of drugs and burglary of his laptop. juana. neighbor's house in southwest Gainesville Officer Jason Hurst found Hurst arrested Turner at 11:15 p.m. o By KAT BEIN late Wednesday night. Local Turner in his house next door charges of burglary, grand theft, possessio Alligator Staff Writer According to the sheriff's office report, News and reported that he was of cannabis, possession of paraphernalia an Christopher Turner, 18, broke into the home armed with a .22-caliber rifle dealing in stolen property. An employee of Shands at UF was arreston Southeast 43rd Terrace and stole more that had been reported stolen, as well as the As of 3 p.m. Thursday, he remained i ed by the Alachua County Sheriff's Office than $300 worth of property, including a stolen laptop and less than 20 grams of maripolice custody with bond set at $5,000. Best Burgers in Town 4 *S MONDAY BURGER NIGHT! $3 Burgers $5 Pitchers $2Lunch Specials 18 & Up after 9 PM 80's Night $3 Pitchers $2.10 Burger Baskets DJ B-RAD Dollar Night $1 Wells -$1 Drafts Live DJ in XS Comedy Night $3 You-Call-It (including Top-shelf) .3. ) 3843733 New Lunch Specials (2) Rolls -$699, (3) Rolls -$9.99 & Soup or Salad: M-F 11:30-2:30 Southeastern Women's Health Meera Nair, M.D. HPV Vaccine*Contraception*STD Testing* Same or Next Day Appointments (352) 331-1000 Rts #5 & #43 simedpl.cam 4343 Newberry Rd. Ste. 16 IRONWODD Newly Renovated Greens, Tees, & Bunkers A Homerun for Ironwood." -Keith Walko City resident Valid: Mon-Thurs (All Day) Fri-Sun and Holidays (After 11am) Call 334-3120 For Your Tee Time Today 2100 NE 39th Avenue Handmade-bike builder Alexis Dold sits with his latest bike frame in the works. Dold is the owner of Villin Cycle Works. T he e 6 ar & Grill HOUSE Always 18 & Up I n n d n 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 Bonnie the bunny bounces back after Veterinarians thought she had cancer By ELIZABETH BEHRMAN Alligator Staff Writer When Bonnie got sick that day in March, Karen Malloy didn't know what to do. She saw the blood, but as the day went on and Bonnie, 2, kept getting worse, Malloy decided it was time to take her to the emergency room. Doctors told Malloy that Bonnie, the classroom bunny at Baby Gator, had a mysterious lump and needed emergency surgery. Bonnie went under anesthesia the same day. The doctor examined her and concluded Bonnie did not have uterine cancer as suspected. After spending about a week and a half in recovery at the home of one of the Baby Gator teachers, Bonnie is back in her cage in the block center in the Growing Gators classroom, surrounded by about 30 screaming, laughing pre-schoolers. Now, she sits in her cage, right below the "No Whining Zone" sign. "She hopped back quickly," said Malloy, a pre-kindergarten teacher at Baby Gator. Malloy said she and Miss Braden and Miss Nika, the other two teachers who share Bonnie as a classroom pet, told their classes that Bonnie had to go to the vet to take care of some stomach problems. "They know what surgery is," Malloy said. "It's just another way to teach another part of life. Sometimes pets get sick." The kids asked about her every day she was out of the classroom. They've grown used to her hopping Dana Burke/ Alligator Staff Bonnie the bunny peeks out of her cage in a classroom at Baby Gator Child Development and Research Center at Newell Drive on Tuesday afternoon. surgery around in her cage and hearing her munching on hay, her favorite food. Bonnie even eats lunch and takes naps at the same time they do. "They get a kick out of [watching her]," Malloy said. "They think it's the funniest thing." Uterine cancer is common in rabbits, said Jim Wellehan, a clinical assistant professor in zoological medicine service, in an email. Luckily for Bonnie, the mass Wellehan felt during surgery was nothing more than a blood hemorrhage. "While the hemorrhage would likely have been fatal if untreated, unlike uterine cancer, there is no chance of further spread of the disease," Wellehan said. After she was spayed, Bonnie returned to the Baby Gator classrooms two weeks ago. While she is a little more skittish since her surgery, she is just as friendly and good with the kids as usual, Malloy said. Some of the parents even chipped in to pay for the procedure. They know the kids love her. "I didn't have a single kid that doesn't want to play with her or didn't ask about her," Malloy said. "She gets a lot of attention, sometimes probably more than she would like." Plan board approves proposal for meal time limit THE CITY COMMISSION WILL VOTE ON THE PROPOSAL IN A MONTH. By MEREDITH RUTLAND Alligator Writer A recommendation to change the city soup kitchen meal limit to a three-hour time limit was passed unanimously by the Gainesville City Plan Board on Thursday. The recommendation will go to the Gainesville City Commission in about a month. At that time, the commission will decide whether to change the limit, which is currently set at 130 meals per day. Seventy-five to 100 people a day have to be turned away after that 130th meal, especially near the end of the month, said Kent Vann, St. Francis House executive director. The time limit would allow an unlimited number of people to eat at the St. Francis House during the time frame. While the recommendation will change the rule for all Gainesville soup kitchens, the St. Francis House is the only organization that is required to follow the limit. Citizens spoke in favor of changing the limit to a time frame. They said the 130-person cut-off is inhumane and questioned the limit's effectiveness. "The meal limit, which was intended as a dispersal of services, has failed to disperse services," said Joe Jackson, a Gainesville resident and UF law professor. Dan Harmeling, a Gainesville City downtown resident, was the only person to speak in favor of keeping the meal limit. He said downtown residents were promised their neighborhoods would be upheld as safe, business-friendly places to live. By increasing homeless services, Harmeling said, the city would break that promise. "I believe very strongly that these promises should be kept today," he said. Vann said he is optimistic that the Gainesville City Commission will pass the limit change. If nothing else, he said he's happy to see how many citizens support the St. Francis House. "I feel like I just had one thousand more people on our side," Vann said. A0000 Under New Management "Where Beauty & Budget Meet" Day & Evening Classes Hours of Operation Tue -1Oam-3pm Wed -10am-3pm/5:45-7pm Thu -1 Oam-3pm/5:45-7pm Fri -1 Oam-3pm/5:45 Sat -9am -3pm Services Offered Color, Shampoos, Hair Extensions and More 352-371-5891 / 1405 NW 6th St, STE 120 

PAGE 5

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011E ALLIGATOR, 5 Dance Marathon an endurance test for participants By CRISTINA PANEQUE Alligator Contributing Writer Standing for 26.2 hours may seem like a miracle to some UF students, but dancers do it annually in the name of Children's Miracle Network. While the some students who register for Dance Marathon, which takes place this weekend, may sign up once and vow never to return, some choose to come back several times. Matt Michel, a second-year law student at UF who is in his eighth consecutive Dance Marathon, began participating in the event during his freshman year. The first couple of years Michel participated, the marathon went for 32 hours instead of 26.2. Michel described the experience as an endurance test. However, he said going without sleep was worth it to help the children who are constantly in and out of hospital beds. "As bad as my legs hurt toward the end of it, it pales in comparison to the children who suffer constantly," Michel said. He said he is not sure if he will sign up to be a dancer for a ninth year, but said he wants to remain involved in some way. Andrew Stepp, another UF student who will be recognized for his involvement in the event, will be dancing for his fourth consecutive year. Student After Stepp participated during his freshman year he vowed to never put himself through the torture again. But that same year, a family came to talk about their baby son, Zander, who wore a purple helmet to protect his head because he had severe brain damage. When Stepp saw how lively and happy Zander was, it made an impression on him. Two years later, the same child came back to the event to speak. The helmet was gone and Zander was living a normal and happy life. "I would have never known about the impact we made unless I was actively involved in Dance Marathon," Stepp said. Jill Rose, a UF senior who will be participating in her fourth consecutive Dance Marathon, got involved her freshman year while volunteering at Shands Hospital. During the event she didn't even notice the time passing. "At one point you get really tired and then you get over it, then you're just delirious," Rose said. Rose recalled another young boy from Children's Miracle Network who comes each year and raps for the dancers. "Him rapping just shows you that he is still a little kid even though he's been through so much," Rose said. "He still wants to be a little kid and still wants a normal life." S .f 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 Be on your toes today, Gators. You've got to stay sharp, lest you fall victim to another lame April Fool's joke. While we aren't looking forward to shenanigans that cause more eye rolls than their sitcom inspirations, we're still getting into the mischievous spirit by rounding up the news with this week's please-rethink-fooling-your-mother-intothinking-you're-pregnant edition of. Darts & Laurels We wish most of the news stories this week were yarns spun for April Fool's Day. Thursday's weather is a good example. We weren't prepared for the onslaught of Flonda's summer storms, complete with driving rain, frequent lightning and umbrella-murdering wind. They even had tornadoes to the south of us. Whatever happened to, "In like a lion, out like a lamb?" For psyching us out, we're chucking an if-we-assign-youan-easy-to-remember-saying-we-expect-you-to-live-up-to-it DART at March. Good nddance. First, it brought us madness, then torrential rain. At least we can look forward to those new green leaves after the downpour, though. News emerged this week about a new artificial leaf that can change water into energy with 10 times the efficiency of an average plant's rate of photosynthesis. It's constructed with cheap and widely available materials, and it doesn't degrade quickly, unlike previous leaf prototypes. That means that sometime in the near future, we could be powering homes with things as simple as a small solar cell and a bucket of water. For their energy breakthrough, we're giving a let-usknow-when-the-leaves-go-on-the-market-so-we-can-crafta-more-efficient-laurel LAUREL to Daniel Nocera and his Massachusetts Institute of Technology researchers. You guys really earn your reputation. So does our state government -if that reputation is causing constant groans and repeated forehead smacking. Allow us to elucidate. State Rep. Scott Randolph used a joke to prove a point the point being that Republicans want to regulate everything except for businesses -but the joke contained a word some of his colleagues found offensive. You know the one: Uterus. For a state that's discussing abortion bans every time we turn around, it seems ridiculous that a scientific part of the female anatomy couldn't be mentioned to a governing body. For chastising Randolph for his "dirty" mouth, we're firing a how-can-the-organ-used-to-produce-miracles-be-construed-as-offensive DART at the Florida House. Exasperated doesn't even begin to describe our reaction to the situation in our state. But it probably will describe the looks on unsuspecting victims of a new show that just got the green light. Betty White is going to host a show dedicated to senior citizens pranking younger generations. We know we ragged on jokesters at the top of the column, but this show is bound to be funny. For reminding us that older people actually have a sense of humor, we're giving a portions-of-the-target-demographic-might-literally-bust-a-gut-laughing-at-this LAUREL to NBC for giving the project the go-ahead. We're in the home stretch of spring semester. And you know what that means -furious paper writing, cramming and finals. We've got a month left Gators, make it count. But we're not going to have enough time to worry about it because we're in the home stretch of spring semester. And you know what that means -furous paper writing, cramming and finals. We've got a month left Gators, make it count. all te independent forida all I a or Paul Runnestrand EDITOR Elizabeth Behrman Joshua Saval MANAGING EDITORS Cynthia Despres OPINIONS EDITOR The Alligator encourages comments from readers Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about one etter-sized page) They mustbe typed, double-spaced and must include the author s name, classification and phone number Nanmes wiii be withheld if the writer shows just cause We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, styie and iibei Send letters to ietters@aiiigatororg, bring them to 1105 W University A or send them to PO Box 14257, GainesviIle, FL 32604-2257Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial cartoons are also welcome Questions? Call 376-4458 Opinions ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/opinion AV -w ? 0 -o -,7 Democrats' driving tax is ridiculous ust when it seems like the Democrats have exhausted "Such a system would maximize their playbook -just when it looks as if the left has the efficiency of highway use by attempted every trick in the liberal agenda -it turns discouraging trips for which costs ut that they have. exceed benefits." The Congressional Budget Office released a report deIt is not the job of the United tailing a Democratic proposal to implement a tax on the States federal government to "disnumber of miles driven by motorists. Bob Minchin courage tnps." The number of miles How original -a new tax! letters@alligator org people choose to drive is none of the In addition to the current taxes on gasoline, which have driven the prices well beyond the control of the marketplace, and the ever-increasing number of toll roads operated by the government, this new tax would require every motorist to pay for every mile driven. The most obvious problem with this is that the current state of the economy has already altered the lifestyle of most Americans. Higher gasoline prices have prompted most people to significantly decrease their travel. This has had a drastic effect on the travel industry and on the local economies of tourist-centric areas. Further costs would have an even greater influence on the number of trips taken, which likely would place most such economies in dire straits. Recreational driving aside, this would also affect the daily travel expenses of working commuters, stay-athome moms and students. With many families hit hard by unemployment and reduced wages, this would create another hole in the budget of even the most fiscally responsible citizens. Of course, this is not a problem for the proponents of the tax. The CBO report calls for the installation of meters in all registered vehicles that would report mileage figures to the government as they are driven. "Judging from estimates of the costs of highway use, a system that charged for all such costs would have most if not all motorists paying substantially more than they do now -perhaps several times more," the report said. government's business. This statement reveals the true motives of this measure. This is not about raising revenue. It is not about covering the costs of highway maintenance and repair. It is about control. Like most aspects of the modern liberal agenda, it is about restricting the freedom that every American has learned to take for granted. The Democrats in Washington want to change the way you live your life, and they are coming up with measures like this to insert obstacles into even the most mundane facets of the American dream. This goes way beyond the problem of unintended consequences. All evidence suggests that the very worst thing that can be done to a hurting economy is to raise or introduce new taxes. This proposal, which seeks to do exactly that, suggests that there are leaders in Washington who would seek to do intentional harm to this country, its citizens and its economy for the sake of increased control and political gain. There once was a time when the American people were fairly certain that the government was on their side. They could wake up every morning without having to worry about what phony statesmen in Washington would do that day to harm their freedom, property or income. If those days are to return, the enemies of freedom in Washington must be stopped cold. Bob Minchin is afourth-year electrical engineering major. His column appears on Fridays. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Today's question: Will you play Thursday's question: Thursday's N/A YES an April Fools' joke on someone? poll question is unavailable due to technical difficulties. N/A NO N/A TOTAL VOTES Vote or post a message at vWW.Igator.org 

PAGE 7

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011E ALLIGATOR, 7 Butler's record speaks for itself What's the point of these articles? They list some of coach Butler's accomplishments, praise her intensity and passion for the game, and then suggest her possible "downfall" based on comments from two former disgruntled players who abandoned their team last year as post-season play began. As for Butler having a "special place" in her heart for point guards, Spurrier has his quarterbacks and Meyer had his special teams. So what's the difference? Despite UF women's basketball being behind other UF sports in accomplishments, two of their 20-win seasons have come during coach Butler's four-year tenure, plus four consecutive years of postseason play. That's improvement. While these articles appear more like tabloid "journalism," some good may come of them. Perhaps this is motivation for the players to take this program to the next level. No yelling required. Or was that the point of these articl U U U Players' complaints only s I read Matt Watts' diat esteemed women's basketb Amanda Butler in Thursday Firstly, is it unknown fo to have a temper (see Coach es? stripping from walls)? I submit that this is Deb Dalziel sour grapes on behalf of some disgruntled UFstaff, retired former players. Trumae Lucas now plays for Delaware Blue Hens. If this was such an important issue, why was it not published in 2010 when our grapes these so-called "stars" transferred? Butler ribe about our is doing a fine job and has the fans' supall head coach port. Go Gators! 's paper. r head coaches Summitt, paint Jane Houston UF faculty Islamophobia: We're the United States of Embarrassment On Sunday, I watched the CNN documentary "Unwelcome: The Muslims Next Door" in a state of bewilderment, anger, and above all, disgust. The hourlong film explored the town of Murfreesboro, Tenn., which contains a large population of Islamophobes. Phobias by nature are irrational; Islamophobia is defined as the irrational fear of Muslims. Members of this town described Murfreesboro as warm, welcoming, and accepting of all others -a great place to raise a family. That is, unless you're an American citizen and practicing Muslim expecting to be able to exercise your basic First Amendment right guaranteed to all U.S. citizens in that case, you're out of luck. The members of this small town (who all live under the same rock, apparently) are under the impression that being a Muslim is the same as being a terrorist. It is because of this ignorant and erroneous belief that the majority of their citizens oppose the building of a Muslim-based community center on the outskirts of town. Timm Krueger What's wrong with that? UWire Essentially, it's just another megachurch, just not one that is Christianbased. To the average and seemingly uneducated Murfeesboroan, the community center is going to be a terrorist breeding ground, hell bent on destroying the "great state" of Tennessee. All joking aside, this is the latest symptom in a growing disease that is infecting the uneducated electorate in our country. To be clear: The idea that 1.6 billion people -one-fifth of our global population -are actively trying to kill all Americans is absolutely absurd. The main issue here is ignorance, and it embarrasses me to no end that our country has an appetite for such nonsense. Last time I checked, religious fanatics come in all shapes and sizes. Moreover, they make up an unbelievably small fraction of a large group of good-hearted individuals. Ironically enough, the Christian and/or anti-Islam members of the community actively and openly supported a terrorism of their own and tore down signs and vandalized trucks and other building equipment in order to prevent an otherwise peaceful process from occurring. I can now understand why Americans are viewed unfavorably; this country was founded with religious freedom as a priority and is, again, denying it to those we don't understand. History shows similar situations, such as anti-Catholic and anti-Semitic feelings of years past, tend to be something that we look back on and scoff at our own ignorance. While I believe that this is the same situation -that we are merely being overly dramatic and ignorant of something that many don't understand and fear because of it -it saddens me that tomorrow will not be the day that we wake up and realize our foolishness. Timm Krueger, University of Iowa via UWire. 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 Dreary weather coming No rain is expected this weekend By HANNAH WINSTON Alligator Writer If you haven't noticed, it's been wet lately. Since Monday, Gainesville has seen about an inch and a half of rain along with tornado warnings and hail, according to the National Weather Service in Jacksonville. Mike Roosa, a criminology senior at UF, said he didn't have much trouble with the gloomy weather on ThursSMARTPHONE CENTERS We also trade cell phones n Butler Plaza -(352)371-3590 NATIONALEi GUARD Recruiting I 0'%,) TUITION (LI1. ILL CASH IJ(NUSEs 352-514-0284 352-275-4266 3832 Newberry Rd. Suite 1-0 Plaza Royale (near Publix) day. But when it does rain, he uses his blue-and-orange-striped, big umbrella to stay dry. Though it may seem like a lot of rain, Gainesville still finished more than an inch News and a half below the normal rainfall amount for the month of March at 2.46 inches, according to National Weather Service. For the year, Gainesville is also below average with 9.73 inches of rainfall to an end compared to the normal rate of 11.04 inches. Meagan Kaufman, trudged around the UF campus in her red-trimmed, black rain boots Thursday to avoid the puddles. "I wish I was weanng flip-flops right now instead," said Kaufman, a health science junior. While the weather has gotten steadily worse throughout the week, the National Weather Service predicts today and this weekend to be sunny and windy. Today's forecast calls for a high of 77 degrees, with weekend highs in the mid-80s. Fride at u & rS iav Pery BardTrak 9James G. Pressly Staffum Escaped Bronx Zoo cobra found in reptile house THE ASSOCIATED PRESS A highly venomous Egyptian cobra that went missing at the Bronx Zoo was found Thursday after nearly a week on the lam, zoo officials said. The approximately 24-inch snake was found coiled in a dark corner of the zoo's reptile house, about 200 feet from where it had escaped from a holding cage outside the exhibit into a space described by officials as a "labyrinth" of pipes and equipment. "As you can imagine, we are delighted to report that the snake has been found alive and well," the zoo's director, Jim Breheny, said during a news conference as he stood in front of a huge picture of the snake projected on a screen. "As you can imagine, we are delighted to report that the snake has been found alive and well." Jim Breheny Bronx Zoo Director The reptile house closed last Friday after the snake disappeared and zoo workers couldn't find it. The snake quickly became the stuff of urban legend. Someone even started pretending to be the cobra on Twitter and sent fake updates to legions of followers. Breheny said the snake was "resting comfortably and secure" and was being evaluated to make sure it was in good condition. He said it had been placed in the same area as the other venomous snakes and would likely be put on display for the public. He said the zoo will likely hold a naming contest for the cobra, which it obtained in February. The snake was captured at about 9 a.m. Thursday. Wood shavings that had been used as bedding for rats and mice were put out to lure the snake out of hiding, said Breheny, who explained that "snakes hunt by olfactory means." "It was merely the scent of the rodents that we hoped would bring her out," he said. Breheny said the zoo is evaluating its protocols to make sure the snake doesn't escape again. Zoo officials hope to reopen the reptile house next week. Meanwhile, BronxZoosCobra on Twitter had stopped posting messages sometime Thursday. "Oh, this isn't over," the person wrote in an e-mail to The Associated Press. "They have only awakened the Bronx Zoo's Cobra nation." Friday, April 1 Events begin at 10 AM FREE drawstring bags to first 500 fans! Saturday, April 2 Events begin at 9 AM Ti c kets -$10 Ad u Its $5 Children/Seniors -$1 UF students with ID ons peps S Planet Plain Undergraduate dance student Olivia Ruggieri sits up and laughs during practice for a dance piece directed by Josh Sallerson. The piece explores gender roles and stereotypes in our culture and will be showcased in the Bachelors in Fine Arts Showcase on April 14 to 17. 

PAGE 9

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 20110 ALLIGATOR, 9 Honors students reach out 0 HONORS WITHOUT BORDERS SERVES BOTH LOCAL AND INTERNATIONAL NEEDS. By SARA KANER Alligator Contributing Writer A school project on Rwanda inspired one UF freshman to realize that she wanted to do something to help the world. In an effort to apply humanitarian endeavors to the Gainesville community, Olivia Munizza, a microbiology major, and four other first-year students have established Honors Without Borders, an organization that aims to utilize students' skills, talents and ambitions to help the world. "We want to restore hope, alleviate suffering and do as much as we can," said Munizza, the club president, "We just want to make a difference locally and globally." Club adviser Melissa Johnson started Honors Without Borders when she had the five students in her Introduction to Professional Development class last semester. She noticed that they all had a passion for humanitarian work and she wanted them to do something about it. "I got them all in the same room at the same time, and the club just kind of came together from there," said Johnson, who also serves as the assistant director of the UF Honors Program. Johnson thinks Honors Without Borders is fulfilling an involvement gap within the Honors Program. She said the organization will give students the opportunity to get involved and volunteer locally, while still keeping an international focus in mind. The group is partnering with the Spread the Love Foundation, a program started by UF faculty member Liz KaU F zungu designed to donate a library of books to a Gandini Primary School in Gotani, Kenya. Honors Without Borders will also write letters to the students at the school, sharing with them the importance of education. Honors Without Borders is currently recruiting new members and is only available to Honors students. However, Munizza said that the organization hopes to open itself up to all students next semester. Students interested in getting involved can check out the organization's website, www. honors.ufl.edu/ hwb. UF observes Earth Day By KRISTEN WASKO Alligator Contributing Writer Earth Day is coming early this year, at least at UF. Although Earth Day is not until April 22, UF will be celebrating on Friday. The UF Office of Sustainability has expanded its Earth Day festivities this year in hopes of getting students to be more involved. UF President Bernie Machen will be on the Plaza of the Americas at 11:30 a.m. to give his annual State of Sustainability at UF address. Following his address, the Office of Sustainability will be presenting the Sustainable Solutions Awards, which are given to those who have made an effort to increase sustainability on campus. There will be games, trivia and information about sustainability on the Plaza of the Americas in order to attract student attention. "We try to have a variety of ways to get people involved," said Ashley Pennington, outreach coordinator for the Office of Sustainability. "Getting informed is that first big step because you can figure out what your passion is." "We try to have a variety of ways to get people involved." Ashley Pennington Outreach Coordinator Pennington said she hopes this year's Earth Day events will attract more students than ever before. "This is one way they can get involved, and hopefully it will be an opportunity to reflect on what the future holds for the upcoming year," she said. "We can all be a part of that movement." Play Kaplan's FREE 20-Minute Workout for GMAT, GRE* LSAT, MCAT, DAT, OAT, and PCAT* Get expert strategies for answering correctly -Earn a top spot on our leaderboard Play as many times as you like, FREE! NEW: Play to win an iPad or a Galaxy!' 3 perfect scorers will be picked at random each month Get started now at kapLanworkout.com (A P LAN TEST PREP UNIVERSITY OF ST. AuGUSTINE Master of Occupational Therapy (MOT) Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) Part-time Doctor of Physical Therapy (DPT) Dual Degree Option (MOT/DPT) Orthopaedic Physician Assistant (OPA) *New Program* join us for an information session to learn how you could earn one of the University of St. Augustine's renowned graduate degrees. All of our degree programs combine our professional, high-quality instruction with an interdisciplinary educational curriculum. We will be in your area on. Thursday, April 7, 2011 Hilton University of Florida Conference Center 1714 SW 34th Street Gainesville, FL 32607 7:00 pm -9:00 pm (Registration begins 30 minutes prior to start) 

PAGE 10

10, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 ON CAMPUS Student composer to debut his opera this weekend By MORGAN WATKINS Alligator Writer Saturday is Evan Kassof's judgment day. For more than a year, Kassof has been writing his own opera. On Saturday, the first act of his work will be unveiled as part of his senior composition recital. The opera, "Judgment," will be presented during his recital, which begins at 7:30 p.m. in the University Auditorium. Kassof, who is majoring in both physics and music at UF, will first perform an unrelated composition called "Water Music" at the concert. Then the opera's first act will begin. Admission to the concert is free. The opera's performance will be entirely student-run. Graduate conducting assistant Lauren Kingry will direct the musicians, some of whom are members of the UF Chamber Music Society, a group for which Kassof serves as president. The first act of the opera lays out Kassof's story about John, an atheist who dies and must face the angels at heaven's gates as his fate is decided. John, Kassof said, is a good man who leaves behind a loving family in the wake of his death. The opera explores the question of whether one's belief in God, or lack thereof, is an acceptable reason to judge a person. Kassof was inspired to write the opera partly due to his own experiences as an atheist. He said he knows many people who believe others will go to hell simply for their beliefs, rather than for the way they choose to live. The opera explores what it means to banish someone to hell for his or her spiritual beliefs, whether that person is an atheist like the story's main character or a follower of another religion, Kassof said. "Is it right for us as people to say people are going to hell just because they're atheist or something? .[It's like,] 'We're best friends, and when we grow old and die, I'm going to go to Disney World and you're going to go to Auschwitz,"' he said. "People try to reconcile their faiths on trivial issues, and no one tries to reconcile their faiths on this really horrible issue. Can I believe my best friend is going to suffer because they believe something different from me?" "Judgment" explores these questions over the course of two acts. Kassof selected the opera as his proposal for the University Scholars Program, which allows students to work on projects with UF faculty members if accepted. He was chosen as a program Evan Kassof, center, plays the cello with other musicians. Kassof has been writing an opera, "Judgment," for more than a year. "Judgment" will be unveiled during his senior recital Saturday at University Auditorium. participant for the 2010-2011 and 2011-2012 school years. He worked on the opera with Paul Richards, a UF professor in the School of Music who has written an opera before and who served as Kassof's project mentor. Kassof spent all of 2010 writing the first act. It is 120 pages long, and the second scene of the act alone includes 20,000 musical notes. While Kassof is responsible for the music, UF English major Erica Kenick is responsible for the words. Kenick wrote the libretto, or lyrics, for the first act and is currently writing the second act with Kassof as well. Kassof and Kenick both play the cello and have been friends for a while. Kassof asked Kenick to write the lyrics because she had experience with creative writing as an English major. "I've taken creative writing classes here -mostly poetry and it's kind of a mix between poetry and a movie script," Kenick said of writing the libretto. Kassof explained the plot of "Judgment" to Kenick. After she wrote the words, he set them to music. "You have this one idea in your head of how you want it to be and how you want it to be presented," Kenick said of the upcoming performance. "I'm curious to see what people think and if they were entertained by it." Students met with Haridopolos, Bondi and Putnam, among others GATOR DAY, from page 1 Students met with leaders such as Senate President Mike Haridopolos, Attorney General Pam Bondi and Commissioner of Agriculture Adam Putnam. "It just epitomizes that having a presence there, a physical presence there, is really crucial to demonstrate the needs of the University of Florida." Ashton Charles UF student body president Charles said she appreciated the opportunity to meet with state leaders and talk about issues that are important to students, such as preserving Bright Futures funds and protecting faculty benefits to keep professors competitive with those at other universities. "It just epitomizes that having a presence there, a physical presence there, is really crucial to demonstrate the needs of the University of Florida," she said. Craig Thompson, president of Florida Blue Key, said the organization worked closely with Gators for Higher Education, the UF Alumni Association and UF President Bernie Machen's office to schedule speakers and set up a luncheon. Thompson said the day gave lawmakers a glimpse of the quality of students graduating from UF "The day provided an opportunity for the university and its students to show the leadership of Florida the type of students the university is developing and will continue to develop for years to come," he said. Mike Haridopolos, Florida Senate President and UF lecturer, speaks to UF students in Tallahassee on Tuesday. The students were participating in Gator Day, a Florida Blue Key event where the students spoke with several state lawmakers. 

PAGE 11

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011E ALLIGATOR, 11 Gadhafi's rule relying on wavering tribal support THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The biggest danger to Moammar Gadhafi is not the rebel forces struggling to march on his capital. It's more likely to be the crumbling of the remaining, fragile support for his regime. That is what makes the defection of Foreign Minister Moussa Koussa a heavy blow. He was part of a small circle of key insiders and family who have the most to lose if Gadhafi loses power. As those figures peel away, it makes the majority of his supporters, who have much looser ties, less certain that Gadhaft is capable of staying in power. The Libyan leader relies most on his immediate family and his tribe, the Gadhadhfa. But his tribe is a relatively small one among the estimated 140 tribes that predominate life in the North African nation of about 6 million. So he vitally needs the support of others, whose allegiance he has bought over the years by handing their members top political and security posts. Their loyalty is already fraying. International airstrikes hitting Gadhaf1's forces -where these tribes make up much of the manpower -are designed in part to convince them that Gadhafi has to go. Gadhafi's most important alliances have been with the Warfalla and Magarha tribes, thought to be among the biggest in the country, with estimates of around 1 million members each. One of his right-hand men, military intelligence chief Abdullah Senoussi, is a Magarha (he's also Gadhafi's brotherin-law). Members of both tribes have filled the upper ranks of the security forces and government. Warfalla and Magarha also largely fill out the militias led by Gadhafi's sons, Khamis, Muatassim and al-Saadi. The regime has relied on those forces to battle the rebels and besiege opposition-held cities because the Libyan leader feels assured of their loyalty. That means they have been main targets of the air campaign and are bearing the brunt of the punishment. Some leaders in both tribes have announced their support for the anti-Gadhafi uprising since it erupted on Feb. 15, and numerous individual Warfalla and Magarha have joined the revolt, either as fighters or politicians. Mahmoud Jibril, the head of the opposition's eastern-based leadership council, is a Warfalla. The rest in these tribes and others have remained with Gadhafi for the moment, whether out of fear of reprisals or because they hope to hold onto the perks and salaries the positions and military jobs provide them. Recently, Warfalla figures within the regime -like infrastructure minister Maatouq Maatouq -have been sent to berate their fellow tribesmen to stay in line, said Fara Najem, a Libyan historian and expert on tribes. "They have made it clear to their tribe that anyone who speaks against the regime will be in trouble that is, physically liquidated. So they have managed to suppress much Warfalla Gadhafi dissent" said Najem, who is based in London and is in touch with figures on the ground in Libya. The allied tribes "can switch at any moment depending on the circumstances," Najem said. "There will be a moment when they will let Gadhafi down, either by turning against him or just stepping aside" and remaining neutral. Since U.S. and European-led airstrikes on Libya began on March 19, Western officials have stepped up calls for Gadhafi loyalists to turn against him. "We call on all his supporters to drop him before it is too late," French President Nicolas Sarkozy and British Prime Minister David Cameron said in a joint statement Monday. "Those who abandon Gadhafi in his crazy and murderous ways can join in the reconstruction of a new, democratic Libya," Sarkozy said. The extent of sincere popular support for Gadhafi is hard to measure, given the overwhelming propaganda campaign his government has waged to show he remains beloved by the masses. Libyan state TV frequently shows "tribal gatherings" boasting of various tribes' backing for the man who has ruled for nearly 42 years. Tripoli's Green Square is filled daily with partying loyalists honking their horns, waving green flags and toting posters of their leader. Music blares from loudspeakers and green flags flutter from the lampposts. "Gadhafi brought us the wealth and freedom and happiness we are in," one man in the square shouted on a recent day. The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc. Publisher of the independent florida alligator and Ii 9ator announces the opening Jbr the position of GRADUATE STUDENT With experience in Journalism (as an unpaid member) of the Board of Directors The application for this position is available at the reception desk at the entrance of the first floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Avenue, each weekday between 1:00 and 4:00pm from now until April 5. Part of the application consists of short essays in answer to specific questions. Applicants should pick up applications far enough in advance to allow enough time to complete them by the deadline of 4:00pm by April 6. More information is available for an applicant's mandatory reading at the time an application is picked up. Applicants should allow themselves 10 to 15 minutes of reading time when picking up an application. The application must be returned to the same office before 4:00pm April 6. This is an absolute deadline. All returned applications will be copied and available to be read at The Alligator building prior to the selection meeting. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public, Friday, April 15 beginning at 2:00pm. Applicants must be present to be considered. Applicants must be currently enrolled, degree-seeking college or university students. Board of Directors applicants cannot be current or recent past employees or trainees of Campus Communications, Inc. Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. ALL Makes L 371-215 e'llPuth You 33 S13tB oa a ckkInShae H NOTICE The following is the proposed 2011-2012 SG Funded Academic Organizations Budget: GROUP APPROVED 1. BOCC Internal $19,219.00 2. Agriculture & Life Sciences 28,232.00 3. Architecture 17,390.00 4. Benton Engineering Council 67,987.00 5. Building Construction 6.291.00 6. Business Administration 16.063.00 7. CLASSC 40,207.00 8. Dentistry 11,481.00 9. Education 8,612.00 10. Fine Arts 28,309.00 11. Fisher School of Accounting 3,828.00 12. Health & Human Performance 2,742.00 13. Health Outreach Assembly 31,570.00 14. Professional Health/Health Professions 14,772.00 15. Journalism 667.00 16. Law 31,528.00 17. Medicine 19,579.00 18. Nursing 4,361.00 19. Pharmacy 9,236.00 20. Pharmacy -Jacksonville Satellite 2,850.00 21. Pharmacy -Orlando Satellite 1,833.00 22. Pharmacy -St. Petersburg Satellite 1,891.00 23. Vet-Med 14,524.00 24. Graduate Student Council $127440.00 TOTAL $510,612.00 If you have any questions concerning this budget, please contact the Student Senate Office at 392-1665. Any cuinmiernt concerning this budget can be expressed to your student senator at 392-1665. Any amendanent 1o this budget must be sponsored by a student senator. The deadline to submit amendments to the Senate Otfice. Room 305 J. Wayne Reitz Union, is Monday, April 4 at 4:00 PM. This budget will be considered by the full Senate for the first reading on Tuesday. April 5 at 7:30 PM in room 282 of the J. Wayne Reitz Union. 

PAGE 12

12, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 New law limits what qualifies as a service animal THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Dani Moore uses a rat perched on her shoulder as a service animal to alert her to spasms from a disabling condition. Daniel Greene's service animal is a snake wrapped around his neck to help him predict epileptic seizures. But these creatures and many others are no longer acceptable as service animals under new federal guidelines issued March 15 by the U.S. Department of Justice for the Americans with Disabilities Act. The new recommendations limit service animals to dogs and housebroken miniature horses. The new guidelines are not binding to states, municipalities and other agencies, which are free to adopt the policy or to make their own. But individuals who rely on other types of animals to help them manage physical disabilities and conditions are worked. The law used to say a service animal could be any animal trained to do a task for an individual, said Don Brandon, director of the Northwest Americans with Disabilities Act Center in Seattle. The new policy allowing only dogs and the miniature horses "excludes automatically yard animals, rodents, spiders, snakes, monkeys and cats," Brandon said. Service animals also exclude animals that provide emotional support or comfort, he said. The DOJ decided to revise its service animal regulation because of comments from businesses, state and local governments and individuals with disabilities, including several who use service animals, department spokesman Xochitl Hinojosa said. People were putting vests on pocket pets and calling them service animals, Brandon said. When Moore, 55, heard about the new law, she went to the City Council in Hesperia, Calif., where she lives, and asked lawmakers to enact an ordinance that would allow her to continue using rats to alert her to spasms she can't feel because of spinal nerve injuries, fibromyalgia and osteoporosis of the spine. When her rat feels Moore shaking, he starts licking her neck, she explained, so she can take medication and stop the spasms before they start. She uses pudding to train her rats, she said. Despite opposition from one councilman who cited health concerns and the risk of litigation, the council adopted an ordinance keeping the old definition and allowing Moore to continue using her rats as service animals. It goes into effect in this high desert community 90 miles northeast of Los Angeles on Apnl 14. Greene, 47, went to Olympia, Wash., to testify against a proposed revision of that state's law so it would match the ADA change. He wears his 10-pound red tail boa, Red Rock, draped around his neck. Red Rock will alert Greene, who stands 6-foot-6, to an epileptic seizure so he can sit down and reduce the chance of injury. Once down, he said he uses meditation to try to control his body and eliminate the seizure. He doesn't know how or why his snake knows what to do, he said. "He's not a miracle cure, he's an early warning system," he said. Greene spent about a year getting the snake used to people, he said. The Legislature hasn't ruled yet and he hopes the measure to adopt the new policy dies without a vote. Federal agencies are not in sync on animals. The U.S. Department of Transportation and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development allow service animals of all types as well as emotional support animals, Brandon said, although some airlines may require advance notice, a doctor's note and some other documentation. TriMet, Oregon's largest transit agency, quickly voted to adopt the new ADA definition. But the state Department of Transportation asked the agency to withhold implementation to allow time for public outreach, TriMet communications director Mary Fetsch said. "We are maintaining our current service animal definition, whichis any guide dog, signal dog or other animal individually trained to do work or perform tasks for the benefit of a person with a disability," she said. "The disability community is one in five people and the vast majority have hidden disabilities. You don't know that they have a chronic illness or a heart problem or a lung problem or an orthopedic problem or epilepsy or a psychiatric disability. There is a huge amount of ignorance about the ways people cope so they can be functioning members of society," said Susan Mizner, director of the San Francisco Mayor's Office on Disability. The Department of Justice posted its proposed rules in 2008 and the adopted version was not much different, so people have had time to react, said Marilyn Golden, a policy analyst for the Disability Rights Education and Defense Fund. "A number of people with disabilities are concerned about it. Our organization did support a more expansive approach, which is not what the Department of Justice chose to take," she added. Moore has been using rats for 10 years. She keeps a pair, alternating them every 90 minutes. While one is working, the other is kept in a cloth and mesh cage. While working, they wear a soft leather harness and leash, which she clips to her clothing. The leash bears a tag that advises they are working, so please don't touch. Moore says service dogs are not an option because they're too heavy and restless to sit on her shoulder. She says the rats are nonthreatening, are bathed twice a week and never touch the ground. "Some people don't even notice them," Moore said. But she understands that some people have rat phobias, and she is happy to explain their purpose to anyone who will listen. A 20-minute mall trip often turns into a three-hour excursion, she said. Mizner, who has been working with the disabled for 19 years, said some nontraditional animals do what no others can. A person might be allergic to fur or feathers, so a nonpoisonous snake would be a reasonable alternative, she said. "Chimps are being trained to do fairly significant motor skills. Birds are intelligent, stay on your shoulder and if you drop something, they can fly down, pick it up and hand it back." A trained rat probably would have had a good case in California, Mizner said, because the state Department of Fair Employment and Housing abides by the Unruh Act, which protects controlled service and support animals helping a disabled person in places where the public is allowed. AP Photo Dani Moore keeps a "Service Animal Tag" attached to her service rat, Hiyo Silver. Moore uses rats to alert her to spasms she can't feel because of spinal nerve injuries. The Alligator has sales intern positions available for the Summer and Fall semesters. You will receive classroom training, firsthand sales experience, and an opportunity to improve your communication skills. You must currently be enrolled in classes to apply. This resume builder offers a flexible schedule with a minimum of 10 hours per week. a U "" "r 

PAGE 13

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 20110 ALLIGATOR, 13 LIMITED TIME OFFER! SAVE $10 (regular prke $159 99 plus tax) with UPC code from any Coca-ColaO product or specially-marked cups from Wendy's. Enjoy every Mardi Gras concert' plus one year of admission to both Universal Studios and Universal's Islands of Adventure blockout dates apply. 1-DAY BASE TICKET SAVE $8**($82i00 plus taxat the gate) when you purchase online.One day admission to either Universal Studios or UniversaIs Islands ofAdventureP MARDI GRAS AFTER 5PM TICKET SAVE $15** (s9.99 plus tax atthe gate) when you purchase online. One night admission to Universal Studios after 5pmon Mardi Gras event nights only. FOR MORE INFORMATION VISIT UNIVERSALORLANDO.COM OR CALL 1-888-339-6277 Online pocessing Laos may apply. 8asou date of purchase.rices, rimos, dales and entertainment are subject to chang without notice. 'Flida and Condit Residets, save 10 oiftrogular priced 2011 2-Park Annual Power Pas, which is 315129 to Offer valid o n miprruohos on.ts s mi activated by 424/11. 6 posses per tmasaction. Prmo code and valid R u i r Georgia photoIg raddedi Power Pass is for purchase-and usnhy Fiorida and Courle Residents oly. Vaid photo 10 reqied fr theme park entry. Parking and additional AAnua Pass odnitis d disco noto apply. Blackout dates and prices are s ubect to change without notice. Pass is valid for mit(l) year from dat oirst ue fornn (1) gI st admission ddif regular theme prk miopauing hours. Cannot he cared witei y other offers, prootos, discounts or prior purchases. Piexible Payment Opd di s not avlable for tis uoer. ptiamm on purchase dtle. **Frida Resident offer: valid Florida photo 10 required, Limit six (6) tickets per transaction. Vald oniy during regular theme part operating hours ard specifically excludes aidimission W special ri arAelyticketed entertainment o ft at either of the theme park. This Floida Resident offer is only availati ine ald is NOT availdle at the front gate either them par ticket is non-transtombl, non-refundable, and may ust e copied o resold. SPiject to blackot dates: 4/16t-4/30/11. Addinioal rstrictins may apply, ***Holds Resident offer; valid pourida ronrl ruired. TIdotisoilid tor Ong (1) guestnduioisor tn 09t1) of the Mardi Gras 2011event nights after o; visit univeorstlando.tom r more details, Aiscurn calculated base on reU Ar purchase price of $69.99 plus tax. Additional restrictions may apply. Tickets do not include admission o sepadi tely ticketed events or vanil at either theme part or Universal CityWolS; parkiff; or, discounts on toed or merchandise. Otters ut valid with any otaor promoting, discount, ronowalsor pilro purcha s. Operating hours, prices, dates, do es, attractions and entertainment are subject uo availability and to change Without 1rtic1. Event held rain or shine. No rain checks, mehats or funds. t 2011 The Coca-Cola Company. C 2011 Oldemark uc. The Wandirs name, design and lngo are registered Irddmarks of Oldemrk LLC and am licensed to Wendy's International, Inc, UrivarslElEmnts and all Metd milA Tp & 2011 Universal StuOs. C 201 tt iVrsaI Oran d. Aft rights reserved. 242511211 JC -I $7399 54TA IF 

PAGE 14

Classifieds FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/classifieds For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent furnished furnished furnished unfurnished 0 unfurnished $445 per bedroom-All inclusive! 3/3 TH!! Roommate match avail <1 mi from UF! Huge 24hr gym! free tanning, free HBO/showtime Call 352.377.2777 4-20-10-70-1 The Life. The Look. THE LANDINGS. 2/2.5 Townhomes Starting @ $940 Includes Internet & Cable www.TheLandingsUF.com 352-336-3838 4-20-70-1 1, 2, 3, 4BR Apts. www.ApartmentsinGainesville.com 4-20-70-1 Student friendly 2/2's and 4/4's 42" TV in EVERY apt Text 'GP' to 47464 for more info! 4-20-70-1 All-inclusive private suites *4/4s @ $409. Ask about our Apple TV special! Start your summer here!!! 2 pools, 2 bus routes, tons of amenities LexingtonCrossingUF.com Call today! 373.9009 4-20-10-70-1 *ALL INCLUSIVE LUXURY** Almost Full for Fall! 2BR/2BA w/Roommate Matching Available Direct Bus Route to Campus! ww.EnclaveUf.com 376.0696 4-20-10-70-1 Gainesville Place Apts 4 BUS ROUTES TO UF! 4/4 Furnished & All-Inclusive ONLY $449 per person! (352) 271-3131 -GainesvillePlace.com 4-20-70-1 The Polos ALL-INCLUSIVE LIVING* 3/3: From $444/person 352-335-7656 www.thepolosuf.com 4-20-10-70-1 2 BLOCKS TO UF-$335/MO 4BR Fully Furn + All Utils. Ind. Call Eric Leightman, University Realty, 219-2879 or CampusWalkUF.com 4-20-70-1 2/2's & 3/3's RMM Match HUGE Walk In Closet Full size W/D Pet Friendly Prem Cable & Hi Speed Intrnt Incid 352-374-3866 HiddenLakeUF.com 4-20-10-70-1 Starting @ $375 per bedroom All inclusive! S Furnished Cable s Internet S Utilities 2 blocks from UF! www.campuswalkapt.com 352-337-9098 4-20-42-1 COLLEGE ROOMS STARTING AT $385.00 MONTH, UTILITIES INCLUDED, NO MOVE IN COST. WE DO SEMISTER LEASING, Frances 352-375-8787 Rent Florida Realty 9-26-11-78-1 REDUCED RENT FOR QUALIFIED INDIVIDUAL WILLING TO SHOW APTS. IN QUADPLEX. NEWLY REHABBED & FURNISHED 2 BDRM w/W/D. ENTAILS MINOR DUTIES. NORMALLY RENTS $735/ MO. CALL 727-423-9463 4-8-11-13-1 Rm in scholars' haven 1 mi north of UF, woods, housewares, W/D, piano, internet, cable, phone, pkg. Elegant. $400+util. 352262-3957 casamarta64@yahoo.com. 4-111-3-1 2BR/2.5BA Townhouse. Walk to UF. Avail. 8/15 $900/mo. call 877-833-2865 4-13-11-10-1 4BR/4BA Countryside @ Univ Apt furn. Asking $380/mo. All brms avail. beg. 8/1. Rent inc. cable and wireless internet+util package for elec/water. Contact Chris at 941726-2204 or raginriv@ufl.edu w/ any ques 4-14-11-11-1 Furnished 4bedroom4bath condo,W/D/ Dishwasher for 2011-2012 starting Aug16 1/2mi from UF on bus route, 3800 SW 20th Ave between UF and Butler Plaza $300/mo ++ per student 352-586-6468 4-13-11-101 First month FREE. Countryside 4/4 condo w/ pool. Each bedroom has full bath and walkin closet. $400/mo. includes ALL utilities, upgrade cable, DSL, W/D & 50in. plasma TV. One room available: 3 UF women have annual leases for one year already beginning August 1. $200 damage deposit secures lease. 352.281.4588 4-12-11-8-1 7For Rent unfurnished QUIET CLEAN. LOTS OF GREEN lbr $350. Small 2br $375 372-6881, 213-3901 4-20-10-70-2 CLOSE TO EVERYTHING!! SPACIOUS 1050 Sqft 2BDR ONLY $299/BED www.arborpark.com CALL TODAY!! 352-335-7275 4-20-10-70-2 Now Leasing for Fall! Arlington Square & Wisteria Downs www.arlingtonsquare.org Downtown apts from only $619 Check availability today! 338-0002 4-20-10-70-2 1/1 East at $495 ALL Pets Welcome 1 MONTH FREE Frederick Gardens Call (352) 372-7555 4-20-10-70-2 Deluxe, Large 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 Iv message 4-20-10-70-2 Pinetree Gardens 2/1 Townhome w/ w/d for $649 3br for $799. Free UF parking. 352-376-4002 4-20-10-70-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 second walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $595up. 352-538-2181. Lv msg 4-20-10-70-2 No deposit!!! Huge 1/1's 2/2's 3/3's <1 mi from UF! Giant 24hr gym FREE tanning/FREE cable *Oxford Manor* (352) 377-2777 Live the 180 Lifestyle! 4-20-10-70-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 12-7-09-167-2 3 Bedroom Houses Starting at $1235 Move In today. Park Near UF Free! Call 352-371-7777 4-20-10-70-2 Now you can easily submit your classified ad for print and/or web editions right thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. *ESCAPE THE ORDINARY* 1/1 & 2/2 flats, 3/3 Townhomes!! FREE Cable w/HBO and Showtime All Amenities plus FREE Tanning Gated*Pet Friendly*Fitness Classes www.thelaruelsuf.com 352-335-4455 4-20-11-70-2 Spanish Trace 2/11000 sq ft$629 Great Location -Butler Plaza Call 352-373-1111 4-20-10-70-2 2/2 and 3/3 Townhomes From $360/person! Available NOW and August! 377-2801*cobblestoneuf.com 4-20-70-2 1,2,3,4 BR's -Move in now or August! Huge floorplans! Water/sewer incl! Washer/Dryers! Pets Loved! Cardio Pools Tanning Tennis 376-2507 bivenscove.com 4-20-10-70-2 *@@PARKING@@@ Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-20-10-70-2 Madison Pointe NW 23rd Blvd 1s, 2s and 3s from $699 Free Tanning, Pool, Gym Gated and Pet Friendly 352-372-0400 MadisonPointe.org Text MADISON to 47464 for more info! 4-20-70-2 SPO LO S Now Including Internet! 352-335-7656 www.thepolosuf.com 4-20-10-70-2 UNBELIEVABLE!! 1 br-ONLY $449 Immed M/I Only 5 left!! Call today! 352-376-1248 4-20-11-70-2 2/2.5 TH $699 4/2.5 TH 1 month FREE W/D included Pets welcome 352-332-7401 thegardensuf.com 4-20-70-2 No Move-In Fees 1/1's from $659 3/2's from $799 FREE Tanning*Pool*Gym vww.aspenridgeuf.com 352.367.9910 4-20-10-70-2 Relaxing Upscale Apartments 2/2 Townhomes & 3/3 Flats Individual Leases, Steps to Campus Internet, Cable & H20 Included Furnished Units Available 379.9255 www.MuseumWalk.com 4-20-10-70-2 rHow To Place A Classified Ad: Corrections andacell-ations: H ov To P la e A c3 assiti d A : Cancelltionis:iiCacllatFIDiis,8a -4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. O n line :w/ Visa or Master d at w iga g /Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any In Person: By Mail: When Will Your Ad Run? corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE Cash, Check, MC, or Visa FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one Use forms appearing weekly in The Ads placed by 4 pm will appear two publica1105 W. University Ave. Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, tion days later. Ads may run for any length day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Corrections called in 1105 W. U Ave Visa or checks only. of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, after the first day will not be further compensated. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND but there can be no refunds or credits for Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NOON for the next By Email: classifieds@alligator.org Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. cancelled ads. day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. By Fax: (352) 376-3015 M-F, 8am -4pm 1 For Rent: Furnished 6 Furnishings 11 Motorcycles, Mopeds 16 Health Services 21 Entertainment 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 7 Computers 12 Autos 17 Typing Services 22 Tickets 3 Sublease 8 Electronics 13 Wanted 18 Personals 23 Rides 4 Roommates 9 Bicycles 14 Help Wanted 19 Connections 24 Pets 5 Real Estate 10 For Sale 15 Services 20 Event Notices 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national ongin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. -All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. -This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as "personal" or "connections" whether or not they actually appear under those classifications. We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincenty of the advertiser before giving out personal information. -Although this newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitabity, we cannot vedfy that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. 

PAGE 15

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011E ALLIGATOR, 15 For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent unfurnished unfurnished unfurnished unfurnished College Manor Studios from $505 Unlimited Utilities! Call 372-7111 4-20-10-70-2 Gainesville Place Apartments Student friendly 4/4's Only $409 per person! www.GainesvillePlace.com 4-20-70-2 Action Real Estate Services Houses to Condos 1-4 BR, Starting at $450 www.action-realtors.com 352-331-1133 ext 114 4-20-10-70-2 I'VE HAD IT WITH YOUR LOUD MUSIC! Is your roommate driving you crazy? Find a replacement in the Alligator Classifieds! Now you can easily submit your classified ad for print and/or web editions right thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. Studios starting at $509 Across from UF Call 352-371-7777 4-20-10-70-2 Clean, Quiet 1 & 2 BR apts. Off SW 20th Ave. $425 to $545. Sorry, no pets, or Section 8. Call 335-7066 for info. 4-20-10-70-2 FOX HOLLOW Gated Entry "Renovation Celebration" 1 BR Starting at $499 7301 W Univ Ave Mon-Fri 9-6, Sat 10-3 352-332-3199 www.foxhollowgainesville.com Text: foxhollow@65374 4-20-10-70-2 WALK TO UF! 1 BR $425 Gore Rabell Real Estate 378-1387 www.Gore-Rabell.com 4-20-10-70-2 H LIVE LIFE ON THE BOARDWALK!! 1/1 Flats & Cool Lofts! 2/2's and 3/2's Pets Loved! Pools Cardio Tanning Tennis Washer/Dryers HUGE Floor Plans! 377-7401* biketouf.com 4-20-10-70-2 BRIDGELIGHT 1 BR Loft Style starting at $515 mo. M-F 1-6 Sat. 10-2. 3006 SW 23rd St. 377-5221 vww.bridgelightapts.com Text: bridgelight@65374 4-20-10-70-2 3/2 House Available Immediately Near Law School, Shopping, Restaurants Free UF Parking! 352.371.7777 4-20-10-70-2 Sun Bay & Sun Key 1.1 from 475 2.1 from 550 Walk to campus; 8 short minutes on the bus pet friendly! full time grads no deposit for 1.1 352.376.6720 352.376.7041 4-20-10-70-2 Sun Harbor 2.1.5 townhome 600 -675 1 month free on 650. 8 minutes to campus on bus; walk to campus pet friendly 352.376.7041 or 352.376.6720 4-20-10-70-2 $500-$600 clean, spacious PRIVATE, apt. for calm, stable, mature person in quiet area, greenspace/trees; pvt patio, near UF & dntn, bus. 1825-1826 NW 10th st. 352-376-0080, 352-284-3873; postj@bellsouth.net 4-2010-70-2 Pine Rush Villas 1/1 *$449 2/1 *$569 *Rates includes 1 month free!* Pet Friendly No weight limit Near UF and Oaks Mall Ph. 375-1519 ww.gremco.com 4-20-10-70-2 The Cottages on Market Street 2BR/1 BA apt $500 mo; No Dep, No Fee's UF or SF Full-Time Students Bike to Campus, Walk to Starbucks Tommy 352-339-1965 4-20-10-70-2 zD a Greenwich Green 2/2 for $829 Patio and Storage Closet Call 352-372-8100 4-20-10-70-1 Spacious 1, 2, & 3br starting at $495. Many floor plans, some with enclosed patios or balconies. Italian tile, bedrooms carpeted. DW, W/D hook-ups, verticals, CH/AC. Near bus route, some walk to UF. Call 352-332-7700 4-20-11-67-2 SECTION 8 HOUSING ACCEPTED Newly remodeled 2 & 3 BlDs Quiet neighborhood. Lots of upgrades. Free 32" HD PLasmaTVfornewSec 8 lease. Must see! Call 332-7700 4-20-11-67-2 The Retreat at Madison Pointe 2/2 with Vaulted ceilings & W/D. Garage included. Gated Community. 2701 NW 23rd Blvd 352-372-0400 MadisonPointe.org Text MADISON to 47464 for more info!! 4-20-66-2 TOWNHOUSE -2BR/1.5BA, W/D hook-up, pvt backyard, new carpet, tiles, just painted. Extra clean. $600/mo + sec. 2627 SW 38th Place. Available now. 941-204-1304 or 352215-3160 4-7-11-50-2 WALK TO UF & MIDTOWN 3 & 4BR HOUSES from $1375/mo. Free offstreet parking, all appliances incl W/D, DW. Rent directly from owner. Special terms avail. dalyproperties.com or 359-3341 4-20-11-55-2 Courtney Greens 1/1 *$549 *Rate includes 1 month free!* Pet Friendly No weight limit *Brand New Energy Efficient appliances* Ph. 375-3077 ww.gremco.com 4-20-11-39-2 New Life Community Chapel New Life Community Chapel Westside Park Rec. Center Sundays at 10:30 AM www. newlifecommunitychapel.org phone:(352)214-4462 Chabad Lubavitch Jewish Student Center Your home away from home Friday Night Live! Services & Shabbat Dinner. 7:30pm Fall/Spring 352-336-5877 2021 NW 5th Ave (5 blocks north of the stadium) www.JewishGator.com Zion Ev. Lutheran Church 1700 NW 34th St. Gainesville, FL 32653 Phone: 352-376-9940 ( Worship: Sunday, 10:30 a.m. You are always welcome! Gator Wesley Center United Method Campus Min. www.gatorwesley.com Worship -Sundays @ 1 1a.m. ) Bible Study Wednesdays @ 7pm 1380 W. University Ave Grace United Methodist Sunday Worship 8, 9 & 10:45 9325 W. Newberry RD. 352-332-8770 gracefl.org cnaylor@gracefl.org www.gracepassport.org Mt. Pleasant United Methodist Church "Commit thy way unto the Lord" Worship Services Sundays-9am. Sunday School-i 1:00 am Bible Study Tues. -Noon & 6pm 630 NW 2nd St Gainesville, Fla 32601 352-372-4872 Rev. Geraldine McClellan, Pastor Transportation Available Trinity United Methodist Contemporary "Trinity United Methodist Contemporary: Fridays at 6:35pm, Sundays at 8:15, 9:40, and 11am. 4000 NW 53rd Ave. 376.6615 www.TrinityGNV.org Wesley United Methodist Church Sunday School 9:30am Worship (blended) 10:45am i Potato bake 1st Sunday of each month. p 826 NW 23rd Ave Glen Springs Glen Springs Church of Christ Experience a loving spiritual family filled with grace and God's word. Please join us on Sundays, College Bible Class: 9:00am Worship Assembly: 10:00am and Wednesday Evenings College Bible Class:7:30pm For more Info, Call 352.378.8031 or www.knowmyJesus.com University City Church of Christ Gators for Christ campus ministry college group meets at University City church on Sundays at 9am and Wednesdays at 7pm -practical application from God's word, plus service projects, large group events, free meals, and much more. (directions and events calendar at www.gatorsforchrist.org) Covenant Presbyterian Church 1001 NW 98th Street "Loving God by Serving Others" www.covenantpresbyterianchurch.org -covenantpresb580@bellsouth.net Sunday Worship 10:00am Small Group Bible Studies on Monday, Tuesday & Thursdays First Presbyterian Church Sunday Worship: 8:30 & 10:55am College Ministry Trajectory Wednesday Nights: 7:30pm -Discipleship Studies, recreational activities, Missions and Evangelism! "Set the Trajectory of Your Life on Christ." College Cafe: Free Home cooked meal after 10:55am Service. Kanapaha Presbyterian Church Kanapaha Presbyterian Church Sunday Worship: 8:30am Free breakfast/Contemporary Worship 9:50am Sunday School for all ages 11:00am Traditional Worship in historic Kanapaha Sanctuary Archer Road at 75th Terrace for more info, call 352-378-9080 or go to www.kanapaha.net allhigdap"dt or Homestead Apartments 2/1 *$599 2/2 *$699 *Rates includes 1 month free!* Pet friendly No weight limit Close to main postal facility & shopping. Ph. 376-0828 ww.gremco.com 4-20-11-39-2 S S HISTORIC APTS Downtown Pleasant St Historic District. 1-3BRs avail now & fall. Ceiling fans, porches, wd firs, some w/ W/D. ALSO we have 2 & 3BR homes. Cats ok, no dogs. 1st, last, sec. aprleve@aol.com 538-1550 5-10-11-34-2 SPACIOUS 2BR/2BA APT. Convenient location to Shands, UF & Butler Plaza. Asking $750/mo. Please call Ketty 352-332-6566. yttek@hotmail.com 4-511-16-2 1700 sq ft 3BR/2BA House Wood floors, large screened-in back porch, jacuzzi, W/D, corner lot $1400/mo Call (352) 258-9116 to see. Available Aug 1st. 4-5-11-15-2 ****4/2 3962 W University Ave.**** Living room, dining room & family room, close to campus, all appliances, W/D, hot tub, fire place, screened porch, Avail Aug1, $1400 -333-9874 or 317-7346 4-20-11-26-2 ****3401 NW 7th Place**** 3/2 living, dining ,family rooms.All appliances, W/D, closeto campus, largeyd. Small petsOK Avail Augi1, $1325 -333-9874 or 317-7346 4-20-11-26-2 ****4/3 18 NW 36th St.**** Close to campus, all appliances, W/D, central heat/air Avail. Aug 1, $1400 -333-9874 or 317-7346 4-20-11-26-2 *NW 39 Ave Huge 3BR/2BA apt, w/Ig loft Tile fir & nice carpet. Bright, wdlike fir $800 *2BR/2BA, some w/woodlike fir. All w/new BR carpet. $600-635. Gated patio, trees, flood Its. Part utils pd. Bus rte. 373-8310, 219-3937 4-5-15-2 

PAGE 16

16, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 For Rent uFor Rent For Rent O F nurnihedRoommates Roommates unrnsd unfurnished unfurnished Ri a l1 *******STU DENTS****** 1,2,3 and 4 bedroom houses and apartments available for August. All close to campus. Most pets accepted. Call 870-2760. 4-2011-26-2 Renting Now and for Fall!! We have REAL 1/1s 3 blocks to UF -GATORNEST 575 sq ft, $550 PLUS ONE MONTH FREE! 300 NW 18th Street 4 blocks to UF -GATORSIDE 400 sq ft, only $450! 1600 NW 4th Avenue BIKE to UF -CENTERPOINT 530 sq ft, only $450! 1220 NW 12th Street No application fee, most pets ok. For info call E.F.N. Properites, 352-371-3636 or visit our website at www.efnproperties.com 4-20-10-26-2 Gaineille Student Rentals I ------Near UF -----------gainesvillestudentrentals.com 352-317-4408 @5/3 house 630 nw 36 street $1800 @4/3 house 3514 nw 7 place $1500 @4/2 house 1534 nw 54 drive $1500 @4/2 house 610 nw 34 terrace $1300 4-13-11-20-2 3bedroom $509/person Amazing townhome with everything included! Utilities, cable, internet, furniture & washer/ dryer. Cobblestone Apts. Call now: 352-3772801 4-20-25-2 3bedroom $509/person All inclusive townhome with everything included! Utilities, cable, internet, furniture & washer/dryer. The Laurels Apts. Call now: 352-335-4455 4-20-11-25-2 Trying to find a place to live stressing you out? T REN D Problems SOWed] Call 352-375-7104 today! trend4rent.com 4-20-24-25 2BR/1BA, 1/2 month free. $380-$425/mo. Mobile home w/ central AC/heat, shaded lot. Inc water, -mobile home lot $260/mo 352376-5887 4-20-11-24-2 LARGE 4BR/2BA HOUSE. Extremely Nice, bike to UF, central AC/heat, W/D, dishwasher, garage, fenced yard, landscaped. No pets. Avail Aug 16th -1 year. 2806 NW 16th Ave. $1690/mo. 352-665-8166 Iv mssg. 5-12-11-26-2 *Walk to UF* 2,3,4,5 bedrooms Avail Aug walk2uf.com 4-20-24-2 Several cute & clean houses & apartments available for August, located in quiet NW areas near UF/Downtown. Rates from $600 per month. Call/Text Anita: 352-575-4395; Anita@cozygator.com; www.cozygator.com 4-1-11-10-2 Two blocks from UF Stadium 3 Bed 1 Bath, 1 Bed 1 Bath, and Studio. Available Summer and/or Fall 352-377-2930 4-1-11-10-2 2BR HOUSE 3 blks from UF/Sorority Row/ Norman Hall/Shands area, cent AC/heat, wd firs, DW, fenced, pets ok, plenty of parking! Avail Aug 16th -1 yr. $850 352-665-8166 Iv mssg 5-12-11-25-2 3BR/2BA HOUSE 2 blks from UF/Sorority Row/Norman Hall/Shands area, cent AC/ heat, W/D, DW, fenced, pets maybe, plenty of parking! Avail Aug 16th -1 yr. $1335 352-665-8166 Iv mssg 5-12-11-25-2 HUGE 4BR/2BA HOUSE 2 blks from UF/ Sorority Row/Norman Hall/Shands area dining rm, remodeled baths, cent AC/heat, wd firs, W/D, DW, pets maybe, parking! Avail Aug 16th -1 yr. $2350 352-665-8166 Iv mssg 5-12-11-25-2 Large 4BR/2BA HOUSES 2 blks from UF/ Sorority Row/Norman Hall/Shands area, w/ dining room, cent AC/heat, wd firs, DW, plenty of parking! .Avail Aug 16th -1 yr. $1980 352-665-8166 Iv mssg 5-12-11-25-2 SPRING SPECIAL! Quiet 1 bd 1 ba 827sq ft loft. SW G'ville on RTS 10 min on freeway from SFC Just renovatd. swim pool, exercise room. $425mo call 472-6491 or 474-0841 4-111-10-2 3BR/3BA House, fenced yard, close to UF, open floor plan/cathedral ceilings, new tile, carpet, fixtures. W/D, lawn, and pest control incl. Small pets allowed, avail Aug, $1350/ month. 352-246-5958, tonyc@kinetixpt.com 4-8-11-15-2 SAVE SOME GREEN! Fall specials 3 BR 1 mile to UF. $895 for WHOLE apt! W/D, H20, sewer, gas incid. Sign by April 1st to get this AWESOME deal 2700 SWArcher Rd 373-2700 4-1-9-2 PET'S PARADISE $390 -$650. No app or pet fee. 1 & 2BR, privacy fenced. SW. 352-331-2099 4-0511-10-2 **3/2 515 NW 51st St.** Near GHFC vaulted ceilings, all appliances, W/D, garage, small pets ok. Avail. Aug 1 $1225 333-9874, 317-7346 4-20-11-21-2 TOP QUALITY -GREAT LOCATIONS Upscale, 1 & 2 BR apts. 1 block to UF campus -on N & E sides. Year lease, beginning summer or fall. Sorry, no pets. K & M Properties. 372-1509 4-20-11-21-2 GREAT LOCATION -GREAT PRICE 2BR/1 BA apts on Univ Ave across from UF Stadium & O'Dome. Modern, all elec, cent H/AC, $600/mo K&M Properties 372-1509 4-20-11-21-2 www.Bellaproperties.net 3/2 with study. Walk to UF, hardwood floors, fireplace, 2 car garage, full sevice tour 335-5424 4-20-20-2 WALK TO UF! ONE MONTH FREE! 3 blocks from Campus. New 2/2 Condo-each room has private bath + gourmet kitchen & laundry & parking. $650 per rm. mollydh@ aol.com 614-288-6730 4-1-11-7-2 www.BellaProperties.net Palm Villas -luxury graduate apartments in a small and quiet complex. 2 BR/2 BA available for $465 per BR. Call to tour 335-5424 4-20-20-2. WALK TO UF 3 Bed 2 Bath House in upscale Golfview Estates near Law School & Athletic fields. $1400 mo. Aug 1. Call (305) 788-4103 4-20-11-19-2 WALK TO UF. START SUMMER OR FALL OStudios $425-$40001 BR/1 BA $550-$450 *2BR $850-$800 1 yr lease, SD, NS, NP. Call/Text 352-870-7256 gv1132601@gmai.com 4-20-11-20-2 Duckpond area HOUSE Aug.1 Large 3/1, W&D, Cent. H/AC wood fls, nice yard, quiet $1100 Bike to UF 352-316-0154 ww.10houses.com 4-1-11-6-2 MIKE'S HOUSES -352-665-7316 Exc cond -Close to UF Pets OK -fenced yards. @3/2 $1250 621 NW 35th St. @4/3 $1250 611 NW 36th Terr @3/2 $1150 630 NW 34th Terr. 4-7-11-10-2 Newly renovated 2BD/2BA, two-story 1340 sq. ft. townhouse available at $925. Includes: New wood floors, new carpet upstairs, new washer/dryer, new kitchen appliances, fireplace, pool. Millhopper area, next to Fresh Market, Leonardo's, and other great eateries! Contact Jon at 352-275-6644. 4-4-11-5-2 Fantastic 3/2 House -Only 9 blocks to UF!! Large bedrooms, great neighborhood, wood floors, fenced back yard, off the street parking, Freshly painted bright interior. Aval. now, 1200.00 + Sec. Deposit. 909 NW 9th Ave. Call Chad 407-230-2423 4-12-11-10-2 LIVE ON UF LAKE 2BR/2BA pristine Bivens Arm condo. Large den/3rd BR, hardwood floors, W/D, pool, canoe. Walk/bike to Shands/UF, bus stop. $1190/mo. Call 407-832-1458 4-20-1116-2 Near UF. Beautiful 4BR/2BA home. Florida room w/ inground jacuzzi. W/D. All tile floor. 2-car attached garage, storage shed. Walk to grocery & shops. Avail Aug 10. $1499/mo 904-534-6982, kencarmgravs@comcast.net 4-6-11-5-2 1BR/1BA, large screened-in porch, W/D hook-up. Pets ok. Monthly rent $535. Sec Dep $535. 3300 SW 23rd St. Apt #3 Please call 352-371-3473 4-20-11-14-2 MERRILL MANAGEMENT INC. 825 NW 13th Street 352-372-1494 x10 www.merrillmanagement.com ST. CROIX APTS: $475 per Month 2BR 1BAApts 3 BLKS TO UF & Downtown! 840 Sq. Ft. Large Rooms, Plenty of Parking, Central H & Air, Laundry Fac. Carpet, Pets Allowed. 829 Sw 5th Avenue. CIRCE APTS: 2BR 1BAApt 1 BLKS TO UF New Carpet $450/Mo Window A/C, Nat Gas Ht. 216 SW 12th Street. GRAD II Apts 1BR 1BA 1BLK TO UF Central H & Air, Laundry On site. $500/Mo 1236 Sw 4th Avenue Marcott Apts 1 BR 1 BA $500/Mo Central H & Air, 600 Sq. Ft. Carpet, No Laundry 1029 Sw 3rd Avenue RITZ Apts 2BR 1 BAApts $600-$675/Mo Carpet or Tile Floors, No Laundry 1234 & 1238 SW 1st Avenue Central H & Air, Behind Leonardos 4-15-11-11-2 subleases Don't wait! Place Your Sublease Ad TODAY! The last issue for the spring semester will be on April 20th! It's FAST & EASY! Go to: www.alligator.org/classifieds $750/mo OBO Windsor Hall.Summer A/C or B. Movein early. Furnished, securepool, all utilities inc. Walk to UF.No roomies. Your own apt! Parking avail. Call 954-821-1446 or radurier@bellsouth.net for info. 6-2-1130-3 Affordable & Spacious 1/1 avail. May 1 700 sq. ft. with upgraded tile floor Bel Air @ Hidden Lake Interested call 219-951-2047 Or email mcowen20@gmai.com 4-1-5-3 $325 Gainesville Place Apartments, 1/1 in a 4/4large bedroom with personal bathroom. Lease runs from May 1st to August 3rd. Fully furnished, washer and dryer, utilities included $325 a month! Call Allison 904-327-0519 4-5-11-5-3 Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Greenwich Green 372-8100 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-20-70-4 Now you can easily submit your classified ad for print and/or web editions right thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. COLLEGE ROOMS STARTING AT $385.00 MONTH, UTILITIES INCLUDED, NO MOVE IN COST. WE DO SEMISTER LEASING, Frances 352-375-8787 Rent Florida Realty 9-26-11-78-4 Walk to UF from a 4bd/2ba NW house.Male or female.No pets/smoking.Free off-street parking$450.00/mo.includes all utilities, wifi,security system, Available 8/1 yearly lease. 727-726-2915 4-5-11-15-4 HANDYMAN SPECIAL Share 2BR/2BA MH in Hidden Oaks. Furn rm incl elec, ph, cable, internet. Close to UF, bus, shopping. $200 NR dep. $400/mo. NS, NA, ND. Handyman can work off most. Caged pets ok. 331-0762 4-5-15-4 2BR/2BA avail now in 4BR/4BA Countryside condo. $435/mo/room -utils incl. Direct bus to UF 3 mis. Pool, exercise room, nicely furn. 3rd FIr. W/D, wireless. Flo 352357-9656, or 352-636-4814 4-20-11-23-4 I am looking for a male roommate who is very nice and easy to get along with. Asking $300/mo which includes util & Dish Network TV. If interested, call Joe at 331-4239 or 352682-9412 4-8-14-4 MOVE IN AUGUST-Need 1 female student to share clean 2/2 furnished condo in Rockwood Villas. Easy commute UF/SFC on bus rte. No pets/smoking. $450/mo. includes all utilites, W/D. Yrly lease. Text 727-4944503, surfinbean@gmail.com 4-4-11-7-4 Male, grad student/instructor preferred for small furnished apt on side of private home close to UF. Cable, internet, patio, safe. No pets. One person only. Avail Aug. $475/mo incl utils. 352-336-5808 4-1-11-6-4 Female to rent room in 3/2 beautifully updated condo in quiet, attractive development, private bath, w/d, walk-in closet, swimming pool, weight room, on bus route $425 + 1/3 util Avail Aug (727)455-4204 4-5-11-5-4 STUDENTS NEEDED -TOWNHOUSE W/D, clubhouse, pool, gated, parking, on bus route. $350/mo + utils per room. Call 727729-1561 4-20-15-4 [Real Estate Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUT PLACING YOUR AD THRU OUR ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373Find (373-3463) NEW CONDOS-WALK TO UF For Info on ALL Condo for Sale, Visit www.UFCONDOS.COM or Matt Price, University Realty, 352-281-3551 4-20-70-5 AFFORDABLE LUXURY NEW CONSTRUCTION NEAR UF, SHANDS, LAW SCHOOL 2Bed/3 Full Baths + Office. Granite Counters, 2 Direct Bus Stops to UF. Matt Price, University Realty, 352-281-3551 4-20-70-5 WALK TO UF & DOWNTOWN! THE PALMS -New Ultra-Luxury Condos. Granite, Huge Closets, Pool, Call Eric Leightman, University Realty 352-219-2879 4-20-70-5 OPEN SUN., 1-3 PM. Exquisite 3BR/3BA, 2277 sq.ft. Craftsman home at 2351 NW31st Place for sale in Townsend. Crown molding, coffered ceilings, leaded glass doors, gourmet kitchen (granite counters & stainless appliances), custom cabinets, spa baths & more. $299K. MLS 31880. Call Jackie Erney at Prudential, (352) 328-1266. 4-1-1-5 BRAND SCRABBLE' is a trademark of Hasbro in the US and Canada. 0le2011 Hasbro. Distributed by Tnbune Media Services, Inc All rights reserved Ei ]j S1 i S H4 W'1 Ai E1 O1 L1WJF4 P3 E E EK Ms Ti W 1 1 5 3 1 1 PAR SCORE 150-160 BEST SCORE 220 2nd Letter Triple Double Word Score HAK RACK 2 1 RACK 3 RACK 4 FOUR RACK TOTAL TIME LIMIT: 20 MIN DIRECTIONS: Make a 2to 7-letter word from the letters in each row. Add points of each word, using scoring directions at right. Finally, 7-letter words get 50point bonus. "Blanks" used as any letter have no point value. All the words are in the Official SCRABBLE' Players Dictionary, 4th Edition. SOLUTION TOMORROW For more information on books, clubs, tournaments and the school program go to www.scrabble-assoc.com or call the National SCRABBLE' Association (631) 477-0033. 04-01 

PAGE 17

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011E ALLIGATOR, 17 Real Estate Furnishings Computers Motorcycles, Mopeds Autos ALABAMA WATERFRONT GRAND OPENING-4/2 only2 for 1 SALE! Buy $39,900 Waterfront lot, get RV lot ABSOLUTELY FREE! Direct Gulf access; Limited supply.(888)392-9944 4-1-1-5 Absolute Auction -Industrial Zoned, 4951 Woodlane Circle Tallahassee, FL 32303. 1 acre w/office and shop. 3 parcels sell as 1 unit for one price. Live event on April 28th at 11:00 am EDT. Info and Online Bidding Now: www.abalauction.com (850)510-2501 AB2387AU 3239 4-1-1-5 Furnishings BED -QUEEN -$120 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 will deliver. 4-20-10-70-6 BED -FULL SIZE -$100 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352377-9846 4-20-10-70-6 MICROFIBER SOFA& LOVESEAT -$400 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1600. 352-3727490 4-20-10-70-6 BED -KING -$200 PILLOWTOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-20-70-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $4500, must sell, sacrifice $850 (352) 372-7490 4-20-70-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $1800. Sacrifice $700. Call 352-377-9846 4-20-70-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. New, in box. $160 332-9899 DINETTE SET 5pc $120 Brand new in box. Never used. 352-377-9846 4-20-70-6 *BEDS -ALL BRAND NEW* *Full $100 Queen $125 King $200 Orthopedic pillow-top sets. Brand name matching sets not used or refurbished. Still in plastic, direct from factory! 352-333-7516. 4-20-70-6 BEDQUEEN New orthopedic pillowtop mattress and boxspring set. Brand name, brand new, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $130 352-377-9846. 4-20-70-6 BEDROOM SET$300 BRAND NEW Still in boxes! 5 pieces include: Headboard, Nightstand, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-20-10-70-6 Your roommate hasn't done the dishes in How long?! Find a better dishwasher in the Alligator Classifieds. CASH PAID for Laptops Parts & Repair Mac & PC laptops Joel 336-0075 www.pcrecycle.biz 4-20-1 0-70-7 COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-20-10-70-7 F Electronics CASH FOR ELECTRONICS WORKING OR NOT! Xbox, iTouch, Computer Repairs www.techmodo.co Techmodo (352)872 5881 6450 SW Archer Rd By the Beef 'O' Brady's 4-6-7-8 ***WWW.RPMMOTORCYCLES.COM** FULLSERVICE MOTORCYCLE -SCOOTER REPAIR. 12TH YEAR IN GVILLE. OEM & AFTERMARKET PARTS. BEST TIRE PRICES IN TOWN. 352-377-6974 4-2070-11 *****New Scooters 4 Less***** HUGE Selection. Scooter Sales & Service! Great Scooters, Service & Prices! 118 NW 14th Ave, Ste D, 336-1271 vvw.NS4L .com 4-20-10-70-11 SCOOTER SERVICE New Scooters 4 Less has LOWservice rates! Will service any make/model. Close to UF! Pick-ups avail cheap oil changes!! 336-1271 4-20-10-70-11 **SCOOTER RENTALS** Rent for a day, week, month or semester. For Sale Students can rent to own! 352-336-1271 www.gainesvillescooterrentals.com 4-20*@@ PARKING*** 10-70-11 Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-538*GatorMoto* HUGE new scooter sale! 2181. Can leave mssg. 4-20-10-70-2 All models between $200 -$400 off! AII come UF SURPLUS EQUIPMENT AUCTIONS with one year parts and labor warranties! are underway. Hurry, the most popular colors are going fast! bikes, computers, printers, vehicles & more. 352-376-6275 www.GatorMoto.com 4-20All individuals interested in bidding go to: 11-35-11 surplus.ufl.edu 392-0370 4-20-10-70-10 GOATS FOR SALE MI1IAsZ Charlie -352-278-1925 4-20-70-10 Only for Students ofUF! Win an Apple iPad 2 right now! Go to ww.giftnitro.com Win a free Apple iPad2! 4-13-11-5-10 SAWMILLS -Band/Chainsaw -SPRING SALE -Cut lumber any dimension, anytime. MAKE MONEY and SAVE MONEY In stock ready to ship. Starting at $995.00 www. NorwoodSawmills.com/300N (800)5781363 Ext.300N 4-1-1-10 DO YOU EARN $800.00 IN A DAY? Your Own Local Candy Route 25 Machines and Candy All for $9995.00 All Major Credit Cards Accepted (877)915-8222 AINB02653 4-1-1-10 FAST CASH FOR ALMOSTANY CARS 0 ORunning or not!@ NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS 0Over 17 yr svc to UF students OCall Don @ 215-7987 4-20-70-12 CARS -CARS Buy6Sell@Trade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-20-70-12 WE BUY JUNK CARS Titles Only. Call KT 352-281-9980 4-20-70-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING?** POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK? On site avail. Steve's Headliners 352-226-1973 Google: Steve's Headliners, Gainesville 4-20-70-12 1 BUY CARS & TRUCKS Call Anytime 352-339-5158 4-20-11-72-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES 60 day payoff On cash vehicles Pay off time negotiable 352-338-1999 4-20-70-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES All vehicles $0 down! No credit check Cash vehicles $1000 and up! 352-338-1999 4-20-70-12 92 Eagle Talon $1699 89 Ford Bronco II $1499 97 Pontiac Transport $1499 96 Chevy Blazer $1999 352-338-1999 4-20-70-12 98 Cadillac Deville $1999 95 Ford Explorer $1999 98 Ford Expolorer $1999 97 Lincoln Town car $1999 352-338-1999 4-20-70-12 98 Landrover Discovery $4999 01 Chevy Silverado $4999 99 Ford F150 $5999 98 Dodge Durango $6999 352-338-1999 4-20-70-12 SUNRISE AUTO SALES Certified vehicles No credit check Move vehicles $500 & up! 352-375-9090 4-20-70-12 SUNRISE AUTO SALES No credit check, buy here pay here Cars, SUVs, Trucks & Vans 30 day warranty 352-375-9090 4-20-70-12 02 Dodge Neon $4500 00 Chevy 3500 $5900 02 Chevy Camero $6999 03 Ford Taurus $6999 352-375-9090 4-20-70-12 by Linda Thistle 6 3 8 2 5 7 5 8 9 7 2 1 9 8 4 3 1 7 4 5 3 3 1 6 7 2 1 Place a number in the empty boxes in such a way that each row across, each column down and each small 9-box square contains all of the numbers from one to nine. DIFFICULTY THIS WEEK: ** * Moderate * Challenging *** HOO BOY! @ 2011 King Features Synd., Inc. 

PAGE 18

18, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 SAutos Help Wanted wanted Help Wanted el Wanted 05 Saturn Ion $7999 04 Toyota Corolla $7999 04 Kia Sorento $8999 03 Nissan Altima $9999 352-375-9090 4-20-70-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES Bring W2 and drive home today! Cars, Trucks, SUV's, & Vans Over 150 vehicles in stock! 352-338-1999 4-20-67-12 SUNRISE AUTO SALES Bring W2 and drive home today! Cars, Trucks, SUV's, & Vans 30 Day Warranty 352-375-9090 4-20-67-12 M Wanted LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: Gold Diamonds Gems Class Rings ETC Top Cash $$$ or Trade OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY 352-318-4009. 4-20-70-13 UF GRAD PAYS MORE for gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds, guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell! Call Jim 376-8090 or 222-8090 4-20-70-13 The American Cancer Society Road to Recovery Volunteers Needed! VOLUNTEER DRIVERS NEEDED to transport cancer patients to treatment. Flexible schedule. Training and liability insurance provided. Please call 352-240-5053 if interested. VOLUNTEERS NEEDED I AM BLIND & WOULD LIKE HELP WITH: ORides to church: Mass at Queen of Peace *Learning to rake knit hats to send to Haiti & other places. Call 352-219-6948 4-8-11-70-13 Help Wanted the, indepndent friday aIll tor What's black and white and read all over?? The Independent Florida Alligator Be part of the sales team of the largest college newspaper in the country by applying to be a PAID SALES REP If you are a UF or SFC student available to work 15-20 hours a week this spring, and are eager to gain valuable sales experience, stop by the Alligator, 1105 W. University Avenue, to fill out an application and class schedule or email resume to soconnor@alligator.org. We will contact you for an interview opportunity to get your career jump started! EEO/AA 4-20-11-23-14 2 3 4 9 6 8 5 7 9 4 5 7 2 8 3 6 6 8 7 5 3 4 2 9 7 5 3 8 4 6 9 2 4 6 8 2 5 9 7 1 3 3 9 2 6 7 5 8 4 8 6 9 4 2 3 7 5 2 7 4 3 5 9 6 8 5 3 9 8 6 7 2 4 This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money. BARTENDING $300 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-20-10-70-14 Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and computer science needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at vww.gleim.com/employment 4-20-1070-14 $STUDENTS GET CASH ON THE SPOT$ For gently used clothing/accessories & furniture. No appt.necessary! -Sandy's Savvy Chic Resale Boutique 2906 NW 13th St. 3721226 sandysresale.com 4-20-10-70-14 Summer Jobs 0 $2100 Co-ed camp Room and Board included Get Paid to Play! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs college students for summer camp counselors ages 18 and up. FEYC is an over-night camp located in Umatilla, FL. The camp runs June 13 -August 6. Please contact Krys Ragland at 1-800-523-1673 Ext. 251 or 352 455-4267. 4-20-11-66-14 OSOATTENTION SMOKERS!@@@ ODo you want to quit smoking?@@ Smokers needed to participate in a smoking cessation study. You may be compensated. Call UF Smoking Lab & Clinic (352) 8706509 or email: ufsmokelabclinic@gmail.com 4-20-20-14 STUDENTPAYOUTS.COM Paid survey takers needed. Gainesville. 100% FREE to join. Click on Surveys 4-2011-65-14 HOME HEALTH AGENCY now hiring RN, LPN, PT, OT, ST, RT & PTA, OTA to fill PRN or FT positions. Great pay. 352-284-2336 or send resume to 352-373-2254. Work available now. 4-1-11-20-14 Love writing? Looking for writers for original articles & product descriptions for multiple IT websites. Earn up to $150-$300/ wk from your location. Must have excellent grammar & writing skills. 626-602-5254 4-12-11-20-14 Remedy Staffing now offers Free Video Resumes. Add to you Facebook profile, Linkedin and many other social sites. Call 672.6080 x-3 or email stephenw@remedystaff.com to schedule. 4-12-11-20-4 City of Gainesville Parks/Rec Dept. is now hiring for seasonal recreation and aquatics positions Competitive pay in great work environment! Apply online today at www.cityofgainesville.jobs 7-12-11-5-14 BARN HELP Sundays only in exchange for lessons or boarding at Hunter/Jumper facility. EXPERIENCE REQUIRED 352-359-4149 4-20-26-14 Account Director/Project Manager wanted for Gainesville web design company. Web design/marketing experience required. Email resume to hr@352media.com 5-24-11-3014 Web Designerwanted for Gainesville web design company. Outstanding graphic design, Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Flash, XHTML & CSS experience required. Email resume to hr@352media.com 5-24-11-30-14 Web Programmer wanted for Gainesville web design company. ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server, HTML, XML experience required. Email resume to hr@352media.com. 5-2411-30-14 The Village, an upscale retirement community, is looking for CNAs and LPNs to join our team. Experience in Assisted Living is preferred. Part time and PRN available. Competitive salary and a great working environment. For more information or to apply, please visit www.thevillageonline.com/jobs The Village is an Equal Opportunities Employer and a Drug Free Workplace. 5-17-11-27-14 The Village, an upscale retirement community, is hiring! Multiple part time and full time Life Coach positions available in both Independent and Assisted Living. Come and be a part of our growing team! These positions play a support role in planning, organizing, and implementing our life enrichment program that promotes total health and wellness of each resident living here at The Village. The ideal candidate will have experience conducting group programs with strong interpersonal skills. Understanding and passion for working with older adults is a must. In addition to experience with social programs, individuals with a theology background and/or fitness experience are encouraged to apply. please visit www.thevillageonline.com/jobs 5-17-11-27-14 PROPERTY MANAGER PT -Friendly, energetic person. Requires good communication skills, sales &/or mgmt. exp. & computer knowledge. Great benefits. Must be avail. wknds. Apply in person CMC 2770 NW43rd St., Ste. B DFWP 4-20-11-24-14 Child Care Director -Part time 1+ year experience with school age children Strong leadership & communication skills Sundays 9am-noon. $13-$15/hr, DOE Must be CPR & first aid certified Apply in person: M-F 8am-4pm United Church of Gainesville 1624 NW 5th Avenue ww-.ucgainesville.org 4-1 -11-11-14 SPANISH TRANSLATOR Gleim Publications is looking for candidates that can translate accounting material from English to Spanish. Must be native Spanish speaker who spent formative years and high school in their native country. Four year accounting degree. Please apply online at http://www.gleim.com/employment. 4-5-1110-14 BRAND GRAMS SOLUTION s1 W, F 1 Ei11 RACK 1 = K FP-3] Ri 1 T1 RACK 2 = Pa Ei Ai F4 Oi W1 Li RACK 3 = M3 F1 Ei K5 E1 S1 T1 RACK 4 = PAR SCORE 150-160 TOTAL 63 14 80 63 220 SCRABBLE' is a trademark of Hasbro in the US and Canada. @2011 Hasbro Distributed by Tribune Media Services, Inc. All rights reserved. TECH SUPPORT LINUX ADMIN SALES REPS ADMIN ASST Please apply online at http://www.gleim.com/employment. 4-5-1110-14 Help Wanted at Gun Club. Exp shotgun/firearm safety, Wed, Fri, Sat, Sun -noon to pm schedule. Call Mr Clay 352-372-1044 GatorSkeetandTrap.com 4-20-11-21-14 Vet Tech -Experienced Only -Full Time Exp. w/restraint, medical protocol, client education. Flexible hrs. incl. weekends, good comm. skills, computer exp. Email resume to timberviewpetclinic@yahoo.com 4-111-5-14 Zen Cart administrator/ Designer P/T-F/T Pay commensurate with experience. HTML and programming skills a plus. Email resume to: tony@mcknight.ws 4-111-5-14 Camp Counselors Part time and full time positions open immediately & over the summer. Must be 18 or older and good with children. Apply with resume online at www.GirlsPlace.net 4-811-10-14 $15 for a 90-minute study. To participate, you should have grown up in a Spanish-speaking country & become fluent in English when you came to the US for school. Contact Sabra Pelham at spelham@ufl.edu to sign up! 4-11-10-14 CAREGIVER TO LIVE-IN with elderly lady. Room, board, salary. Gainesville. Must have drivers license, good driving record and be able to pass background & drug test. Call Connie 352-792-2743 4-5-11-5-14 SCOOTER/MOTORCYCLE MECHANIC PT/FT jobs available. Experience W/ 2 & 4-stroke motors a must! Inquire within or call 336-1271 Collin@NS4L.com 4-20-16-14 Computer Programming Internship Work with local small business to Expand online presence, update & build websites, and network. Web Design experience required. Collin@NS4L.com for more info. 4-20-1614 Sitter/Tutor starting May 2nd, 3:15p to 6:30p MTWF with some late nite and Sunday hrs for 2 kids, ages 9 & 13. Prefer female with strong math and organization skills. Includes transporting kids. Call 332-6465. 4-1-11-314 Mobile Waiters Needed -Immediate Interviews. Weekend shifts available. Make your own schedule, flexible hours, avg. $10-$14/hr. Must have own car, cell with texting, must be 21+. Email resume to blatendresse@d-d-i.com, call 888-334-9675 ext. 0, or go to www.d-d-i.com 4-1-11-3-14 Receptionist/file clerk/runner for busy law firm. Must be organized, motivated, professional w/positive attitude, reliable transportation, p/t. Resume, cover letter w/available days/times: hrmbl204@yahoo.com 4-411-3-14 by David L. Hoyt 4+CLUE ACROSS ANSWER 1. Type of tree RPSEUC 5. Middle Eastern city R C I A 0 6. Reject with disdain N S R U P 7. Gems LJSEEW CLUE DOWN ANSWER 1. Disgust KCEINS 2. Publish again EISRSEU 3. End LEOCUSR 4. Seven of nine UAUSNR CLUE: Before it was even published, there was a BONUS bidding war for the movie rights to this book. Complete the crossword puzzle by looking at the clues and How to play unscramirig the answers. When the puzzle is complete. unscramble the circled letters to solve the bONUS. 1.ewj s4!,e~nr-g oenuen-at, nol-aQ onI9-ja UPSI-JG-aJIt c201rTrbuneMediaServicesnc. leMvfg-VL uandg-y9 oa1ej-Vg 9onAdg-V[ :g93pMGNV &HoytDesigns All Rights Reserved. Send comments to TMS -435 N. Michigan Ave., Suite 1400, Chicago, III. 60611 or DLHoyt@aol.com. 

PAGE 19

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011E ALLIGATOR, 19 ZHelpWanted HelpWanted W1 r3ces HServices Personals SMOKERS needed for study assessing the effects of various activities on cravings/ withdrawal/smoking. COMPENSATION provided. Call 336-406-3706 or email uflsmokelab@gmail.com 4-6-4-14 TEMPORARY Farm workers-10 positions 05/09/11-10/10/11in Buncombe County, NC 40/hr/wk. 9A-5P Plant, stake, tie, pick, box, wash, sort vegetables: peppers, tomatoes, squash, cucs. Extensive walking, stooping, bending. Reqd. lift: 30lbs Transport provided from housing-job site. Housing provided to any worker who cannot reasonably return home each day. If applicable, transport, subsistence exp. provided 50% of contract. IN work guarantee applies. $9.30/hr. cuc. piece rate: .50 cents per 5/8 bu. Weather may fluctuate hrs; downtimes. Reqd. show proof of legal authority to work in U.S. Apply at Local Job Service Office, Reference: NC10018922 4-1-1-14 Web Designer/Project Manager (immediate opening). Design (photoshop) and coordinate building of websites. Photoshop required. HTML, CSS, Joomla, Flash preferred. 20-40 hours/wk, flexible hours. Email cover letter/ resume/portfolio to jobs@GlNsystem.com. 4-7-11-5-14 ASAP! New Pay Increase! 34-46 cpm. Excellent Benefits. Need CDL-A & 3 mos recent OTR. (877)258-8782 www.meltontruck. com 4-1-1-14 Driver -Recession proof refrigerated freight. Plenty of miles. Need refresher? Free tuition at FFE. $1000 Sign-on. Pet & Rider policy. CO & 0/0's. recruit@ffex.net. (855)2892217 4-1-1-14 Drivers Earn Up to 39$/mi HOME SEVERAL NIGHTS & WEEKENDS 1 yr OTR Flatbed exp. Call: (800)572-5489 Susan ext. 227 Pam ext. 238 SUNBELT TRANSPORT, LLC 4-1-1-14 Need CDL Drivers A or B with 2 yrs recent commercial experience to transfer motor homes, straight trucks, and tractors. www. marotransportation.com (800)501-3783 4-1-1-14 DriverSTRONG Freight *REGIONAL or EXPRESS lanes *F/T or P/T *LOCAL orientation *DAILY or WEEKLY pay! CDL-A, 3 months current OTR experience. (800)4149569. www.driveknight.com 4-1-1-14 First Care of WLSr J Gainesville IMPORT AUTO REPAIR. BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, No Appointment Needed! RTS Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable (352) 373-2340 #5 & #43 prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 4343 Newberry Road, Suite 10 www.carrsmith.com 4-20-70-15 www.firstcareofgainesville.com Los Angeles Times Daily Crossword Puzzle Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis ACROSS 1 Lexington and Concord fighters 11 XXXV years after the creation of the original Magna Carta 15 Apple consumers? 16 River through Lake Brienz 17 Start of an aptly expressed linguistic observation 19 Duplicated 20 Roma road 21 Word with sharp or trouble 23 Hand 24 Leagues: Abbr. 25 Like performances by the Wallendas 27 Place to build 28 Flying need 30 Is down with 31 Observation, part 2 32 Source of support 35 It's about 325 miles east of Texas's H-Town, with 'the" 36 "Return of the Jedi" dancer 37 Like Cologne and vicinity 39 Condescend 40 Fowl with a showy mate 41 Herbal drink 43 "Bewitched" witch 44 Place with swinging doors 45 End of the observation 49 Abbr. on folk song sheet music 50 Listed 51 They have their pluses and minuses 52 Fabled tortoise's trait DOWN 1 Bud 2 First name in tyranny 3 Checkup charges 4 Inviting words before 'Want to come over?" 5 Mystical decks 6 Vacant 7 Dangerous snake 8 Darn 9 Mendes of "Hitch" 10 It may be a scoop 11 Hitched 12 Plots 13 Words to live by 14 "The Merry Widow" operettist 18 Latin term usually abbreviated 21 Window part 22 Early Chinese dynasty 25 Canadian young adult fiction author McClintock 26 Nice summers 28 Numbers in a corner, often 29 Texters' amused syllables 31 Mexican bread 32 What an asterisk may indicate 33 Lotion additive 34 City WSW of Sacramento 35 Lays eyes on 36 Armchair partner 37 Hall of Fame defensive back Mel 38 Like hell 39 "Edda" author __ Sturluson 40 Coat opening? 41 Volcanic fluid 42 Perjurer's admission 44 "Melrose Place" actor 46 Explosive initials 47 judicata: decided case 48 Some alarm respondents: Abbr. ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE: BATPHONE LOUVE R A G R E E D O N O N S A L E L E E R E D A T P E E L E D SAM L EEN EVE P A S S M I TT R O M N E Y EGO SONI A AC NE C O N STR U E OG R E S S C A PP I S TIO L POTAS H N O R EA S O N APED ETNAS APU J ERSEYBOYS PVTS A R M LAB A L A I MATILERFANDANC MA f L E IN F AN T A I INCA E A TTE N D A NTNB NA E 04/01/11 Want to be a CNA, phlebotomist or pharm tech? Express Training offers courses, days, eve, weekend. All classes live, no videos. Call 352-338-1193 or expresstrainingservices.com 4-20-09-70-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-20-70-15 Microwave Oven Repair Specialist Since 1997. (352) 804-1113 4-20-11-2615 ARC Lifeguard Training Starts Now!! Don't miss out. Floridaheartsaver.org 352 575-0119 5-1024-15 CASH NOW! Cash for your structured settlement or annuity payments. Call J.G. Wentworth. 1-866-494-9115. Rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau. 4-1-1-15 $$$ ACCESS LAWSUIT CASH NOW!!! $$$ As seen on TV.$$$ Injury Lawsuit Dragging? Need $500-$500,000++within 48/hrs? Low rates APPLY NOW BY PHONE! Call Today! Toll-Free: (800)568-8321 www.lawcapital. com 4-1-1-15 ATTEND COLLEGE ONLINE from Home. *Medical,*Business,*Paralegal,*Accounting, *Criminal Justice. Job placement assistance. Computer available. Financial Aid if qualified. Call (888)203-3179, www.CenturaOnline. com 4-1-1-15 AIRLINES ARE HIRING -Train for high paying Aviation Maintenance Career. FAA approved program. Financial aid if qualified Housing available. CALL Aviation Institute of Maintenance (866)314-3769. 4-1-1-15 "Can You Dig It?" Heavy Equipment School. 3wk training program. Backhoes, Bulldozers, Trackhoes. Local job placement asst. Start digging dirt Now. (866)362-6497 4-1-1-15 HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 -ww.abortiongainesville.com 4-20-70-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $119! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199 4-20-70-16 A Woman's Answer Medical Center Think you might be pregnant? Testing, confidential advising Referrals 352-376-2716 4-20-70-16 Unplanned Pregnancy? Consider Adoption. Living, Medical & Counseling Expenses Paid. Private & Confidential. Call Atty. Ellen Kaplan 1-877-341-1309 (FL Bar #0875228) 7-22-11-100-16 CPR training is back! Need CPR/AED or 1st Aid? Meets internship requirements FloridaHeartsaver.org (352)575-0119 4-8-20-16 FREE HIV TESTING 0 (mouth swab) for UF students GatorWell Health Promotion Svs. Call 273-4450 for appointment. 4-4-11-5-16 Personals HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-20-70-18 6e4eaih Tell us what you will leave behind from your experiences at UF, and you could win! Open to all UF students. Simply post on our wall at www.facebook.com/alligatoradvertising or email your submissions to soconnor@alligator.org E '12 Make sure to "Like" the Alligator Advertising .; page so you can be notified if you win. Deadline for entry is 11:59pm on Wednesday, ~ April 6. Flashbacks buys, trades, and consigns clothing, jewelry, shoes and purses. We pay $. We buy name brands, mall brands, indie, punk, goth, urban, prep, hippie, retro, and costume. 509 NW 10th Ave. 352-375-3752 4-20-70-18 What's your "Plan B"? Go to www.sambellgreen.com then call Sam at (352) 316-2955 4-20-37-18 IMMIGRATION ATTORNEY Marriage Green Cards, Natz, H1B Visas www.RuthlmmigrationLaw.com (904) 425-8078 4-4-14-18 Qggn ectisn Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love Event Notices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! Casting call for feature film: The Best Western Gateway Grand at the Northwest quadrant of the intersection of 1-75 and exit 390. April 2nd, 9am -4pm. Please visit www.SwampTales.us for more information. 4-1-11-13-20 Get Your Ad Noticed Here and in Over 100 Papers throughout Florida for One Low Rate. Advertising Networks of Florida, Put us to work for You! (866)742-1373 www.florida-classifieds.com. 4-1-1-20 l Entertainment WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255 12-7-141-21 SHOTGUN SHOOTING SPORTS Open To Public We-Fr-Sa-Su, Noon-Dusk Skeet -Trap -Olympic Trap -5 Stand gatorskeetandtrap.com 352-372-1044 8-15-10-95-21 Rocky Creek Paintball In Gainesville 0 Better Prices Better Fields @ Better Call 371-2092 4-20-10-70-21 McintoshWorld.com. Your Boutique in a barn. Gifts-Reggae-Music-Drums-Shoes-SandalsBoots-Stickers-Posters-Paintings-CardsBooks-Counter culture-Greatful Dead-LP'sHWY:441. 15 min. South. Spend sometime. Formerly Environmental Circus -Key West. 4-4-11-2-21 o lLost &F LOST DIGITAL VIDEO CAMERA Panasonic SDRH40 42x Any info call or text (850) 543-3762 REWARD $400 4-20-26-25 04/01/11 xwordeditor@aol.com 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 89 10 11 12 13 14 1 20 24 2 6 27 28 29 30 31----33 34 40 1 42 45 4 49 50 51 52B) Dan Naddor ic)201 1 Tribune Media Services, Inc. 

PAGE 20

Sports FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 ALLIGATOR www.aIigatorSports.org Rainey optimistic about new opportunity, offense Special to the Alligator, UF Communications Florida senior running back Chris Rainey spoke to the media Thursday for the first time since his Sept. 14 arrest for aggravated stalking, saying he has grown up and is looking to leave last year behind him. By TYLER JETT Alligator Staff Writer tjett@alligator org The most frequent talking point throughout Florida's spring practices has been about fresh starts, and perhaps no player is poised to capitalize on the Gators' changing of the guard more than Chris Rainey. The redshirt senior running back is coming off his least productive year at UF since 2007, when he sat out all but four games with a shoulder injury. At the same time, last season was the most newsworthy of Rainey's career, as he was arrested for aggravated stalking and received a five-game suspension. Addressing reporters for the first time since his arrest on Sept. 14, Rainey said he grew up last fall, although he declined to elaborate further. "I look in the future," he said. "That's in the past. New team, new me, new system." And with the offense shifting from the spread to the I-formation, Rainey is the early favorite to receive the bulk of Florida's carries. Freshman Mike Blakely (shoulder surgery), sophomore Mack Brown (broken fibula) and junior Mike Gillislee (stress fracture in his foot) will miss the rest of spring with injuries, and senior Jeff Demps can only participate in walkthroughs and team meetings as he continues running track this spring. Rainey wishes he could split practice reps with some of the other backs, but he has impressed the coaching staff thus far. Coach Will Muschamp said Rainey will thrive in the I-formation, as it causes him to line up deeper in the backfield than he did in the spread offense. "Chris Rainey has had a good spring," Muschamp said. "He's a guy that makes an awful lot of plays. .You've got to be really gap-sound on him." Running plays take a longer time to develop in the new offense, giving Rainey more freedom to cut back as he sees another lane develop. He thrived in a similar offense at Lakeland High. SEE FOOTBALL, PAGE 22 Shyatt inks five-year deal as Wyoming's head coach THE FORMER ASSOCIATE HEAD COACH WAS BILLY DONOVAN'S LONGEST-TENURED ASSISTANT. By ADAM BERRY Alligator Staff Writer aberry@alligator org After helping lead Florida back to the Elite Eight, Larry Shyatt is returning to his former home. Shyatt, the associate head coach under Billy Donovan, signed a five-year deal Thursday to become the coach at Wyoming, where he held his first head coaching job in 1997-98. According to the Casper Star-Tribune, Shyatt's contract is worth more than $700,000 per season, plus incentives. "I've spent seven great years at the University of Florida helping to build a championship-caliber program, and this is one of the only places I would have considered leaving for," Shyatt said in a statement. "I'm excited about the commitment of the administration, and the passionate fanbase I remember at Wyoming, and I can't wait to meet, work with and develop a great relationship with the current team." Shyatt went 19-9 with the Cowboys in 1997-98 before accepting a head coaching job at Clemson, where he worked until 2003. He then joined Donovan at UF, winning back-to-back national championships as an assistant before becoming the associate head coach in 2007. The 59-year-old ShyBasketball att has been coaching college basketball since 1975, when he served as an assistant at Utah, and he was Donovan's longest-tenured assistant at UF "For me personally there's both an excitement and sadness," Donovan said in a statement. "Larry is one of my closest friends, and his impact here at Florida over the last seven years has been immeasurable. "He's one of the great minds in basketball and he deserves this opportunity." UF to host Florida Relays seeking hot outdoor start By JOE MORGAN Alligator Writer The Florida Relays, established in 1939, is one of two events the Gators will host on the Percy Beard Track at Pressly Stadium during the outdoor season. But the venue doesn't matter too much to UF track and field coach Mike Holloway. "If we put our spikes on and put our uniforms on and there's a gun, we're going to be excited about it," Holloway said. "Being in the Flonda Relays is fun because we're at home, but it doesn't change the fact that we're competing." When the Gators suit up for the Flonda Relays today, much of the No. 1 men's team will be competing for the first time since it captured its second consecutive NCAA Indoor Championship. "This is where it starts for all of us," junior Will Claye said. "The team wants to win another title, so we've got to get some work done this weekend." Claye, whose efforts in the triple jump and long jump earned Florida 18 points at the national indoor meet, is hoping the team's success can translate to Holloway the outdoor season. "Obviously, our indoor season was successful, but we want our outdoor season to be even more successful," Claye said. "If we SEE TRACK, PAGE 22 Check out our website at alligatorSports.org for updates and stories from all the Gators' weekend action, including the Florida Relays and football spring practice. Also follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/alligatorSports, and be sure to subscribe to the alligatorSports Podcast on iTunes. Today's question: Who will score the most rushing touchdowns for the Gators this fall? Former Florida assistant coach Anthony Grant and the Alabama basketball team lost to Wichita State 66-57 in the National Invitation Tournament championship game Thursday night. The Crimson Tide finished the season 25-12 after winning the SEC West with a 12-4 mark. 

PAGE 21

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 20110 ALLIGATOR, 21 Gators head to regionals By ALLISON BANK Alligator Writer Second place isn't bad. In fact, with the talent in the Southeastern Conference, it's pretty impressive. That's what the Caters keep telling themselves. But heading into the postseason with their No. 1 national ranking still intact makes the sting of losing a winnable meet that much more biting. But this weekend will present a new, more important, opportunity for U. Accepting that SEC competition is over, the Caters decided they would rather hold a different title. And this weekend will bring them one step closer to it. "Of course we wanted to be SEC champions," senior Maranda Smith said. "But it would be even better to be the national champion. Florida will take part in the NCAA North Central Region Championships in Denver on Saturday, and two of the six teams competing will advance to the NCAA Championships later this month. The Caters have claimed a regional title and made it to the NCAA Super Six every year since 2006. Looking back at the flaws that stained their performances in the SEC meet, the Caters realized the little things sank them against champion Alabama. "It was the fine details like the wobbles and not getting the stuck landings," sophomore Ashan e Dickerson said. "We've been working on that to perfect those things so that we can be on top in the end." With two weeks of practice under their belts, the gymnasts have honed in on the finer points of nailing their landings, pointing their toes and focusing on such details as finger tightness. On top of polishing those aspects, freshman Mackenzie Caquatto said the team has been working on boosting its confidence. "We were a little hesitant at SECs," she said. "We just didn't go aggressively toward everything that we knew how to do." UF's coaching staff has been making efforts to up the aggression of the athletes by creating a competitive atmosphere leading up to the meet. "Often times in practice, the athlete can get a little bit lazy, knowing it's not really in front of the judge," coach Rhonda Faehn said. "We continually are trying to put them in pressure UF senior Maranda Smith said No. I Florida is looking to get over the disappointment of a second-place finish at the SEC meet in Saturday's NCAA regional competition. situations where they feel like they have to step up." The Caters' confidence will be tested almost immediately in Magness Arena as they will begin the meet on floor, the event that arguably calls for the biggest jolt of energy. Caquatto said the gymnasts have to change their focus before they enter the gym by relieving pressure they've put on themselves. "We're not focusing on,'Oh my gosh, we're the No. 1 team; we have to do really good,"' she said. "It's focusing on what you have to do when you get up there and not worrying about anything else that's going on." NOTICE The following is the proposed 2011-2012 SC Funded Organizations Budget: 1. A Spring of Hope 2. A.C.E.S. Mentoring Society 3. Amnesty International 4. Animal Activists of Alachua 5. Asian American Student Union 6. Baha'i Unity Club 7. Baptist Collegiate Ministries 8. Best Buddies 9. Black Graduate Student Council 10. Black Student Lnion 11. Butokukan Karate 12. Camp Kescm 13. Campus Advent 14. Campus Crusade for Christ 15. Caribbean Student Association 16. Catholic Student Center 17. Chi Alpha 18. Children Beyond Our Borders 19. Children's Hope India 20. Club Alligator Swim Team 21. College Students for CARES 22. Collegiate Veterans 23. Dancin Gators 24. DANZA 25. Doctors Without Borders 26. Dominican Student Association 27. Extreme Dance Company 28. Faces Modeling Troupe 29. Falling Gators 30. Falling Gators SUPPLEMENTAL 31. Fellowship of Christian Athletes 32. Florida Free Culture 33. Florida Gvmnastics Club 34. Florida Players 35. Florida Swing Dance Club 36. Friends for Life of America 37. Gainesville Buddhist Association 38. Gator Amateur Radio 39. Gator Chess Club 40. Gator Guard Drill Team 41. Galor Gymnastics and Tumbling 42. Gator Raiders 43. Gator Salsa Club 44. Gator Scuba Club 45. Gator Skim Club $ 150.00 1608.00 0.00 2.090.00 43,772.00 887.00 5,899.00 2.023.00 12.960.00 341675.00 0.00 1800.00 3.741.00 16,200.00 0.00 5.045.00 1.635.00 944.00 0.00 0.00 580.00 1.804.00 8,043.00) 5,583.00 1,576.00 0.00 4.333.00 2. 173.00 2.705.00 2.765.00 5,727.00 0.00 0.00 42.799.00 6,915.00 2,061.00 0.00 0.00 1,580.00 610.00 0.00 1,99000 0.00 1.725.00 0.00 46. Gators for ASIIA 47. Gators for a Sustainable Campus 48. Graduate Christian Fellowship 49. Heal the World 50. Hindu Cultural Society 51. Hip Hop Collective 52. Hispanic Student Association 53. Horizons 54. Human Rights Axwareness on Campus 55. Inter-Residence Hall Association (IRHA) 56. Intervarsity Christian Fellowship 57. Islam on Campus 58. Jamaican American Student Association 59. Jewish Student Union 60. Mayors Council 61. Model United Nations 62. Navy Marine Student Association 63. Objects in Motion 64. ONE 65. Orthodox Christian Fellowship 66. Outdoor Adventure Recreation Club 67. Poets, Inc. 68. Pride Student Union 69. Pro-Life Alliance 70. RECURSO 71. Shakespeare in the Park 72. Speech & Debate 73. SPICMACAY 74. Student Global AIDS Campaign 75. Student Safety Research Colloquium 76. Student Scrabble Society 77. Student Upstart Films 78. Students for Justice in Palestine 79. The Navigators 80. Theatre Strike Force 81. U.E.P.A. 82. Unite for Sight 83. United World Organization 84. Universities Allied for Essential Medicines 85. University Gospel Choir 86. VISA 87. VOX: Voices for Planned Parenthood 88. Women Raising Awareness in People 89. You Can Cure 3,000.00 0.00 1,239.00 1,807.00 0.00 0.00 47,577.00 1,358.00 999.00 25,572.00 1,202.00 24,066.00 2,567.00 47,246.00 8,300.00 8,222.00 0.00 1,084.00 913.00 898.00 1,419.00 6,569.00 10,613.00 1,725.00 2,324.00 960.00 47,162.00 3,525.00 489.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 2,707.00 1,320.00 8,490.00 5,205.00 666.00 0.00 673.00 43,902.00 85,853.00 2,147.00 4,051.00 446.00 TOTAL $632,694.00 A TERNATOR S RTERS& BATTERIES GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERS I F N EARO EVE I 25% OFF any one GNC Product 50FFANY REPAIR OR E Cannot be combined One Coupon per customer 3914 SW Archer Rd 378-4440 .3770 E p43O111 "" "" -"" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" "" -"" "" "" Marketplace Plaza 4216 NW 16th Blvd. -375-4484 Shoppes of Williston Road 5218 SW 3th St. -378-2969 onlyBUY GET calories F RE E! per ounce Regar Size Cup or Cone Only. Toppings Extra. meanslcan One per customer per offer. have more Not good with any other offer Expires 4/20/11 cents M p a I U m per ounce BOTH LOCATIONS OPEN LATE! means I cao afford to have Mon-Thurs 11 am-9pm more Fri-Sat 11 am-10pm -Sun 12-9pm Check out our daily flavors at www.gatordlites.com TH E TOP 10 TH I NGS ToO DO BEFORE YOU GMAI)UAT E FROM UF www.ufalumni.ufl.edu/students/seniors """ ITyon have any questions concerning these budgets, please contact the Student Senate Office at 392-1665. Any comments concerning these budgets can be expressed to your student senator at 392-1665. Any amendment to these budgets must be sponsored by a student senator. The deadline to submit amendments to the Senate Office, Room 305 J. Wayne Reitz Union, is Monday, April 4 at 4:00 PM. This budget will be considered by the full Senate for the first reading on Tuesday, April 5 at 7:30 PM in Room 282 of the J. Wayne Reitz Union. 

PAGE 22

22, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 UF SOFTBALL Fagan back to normal position after brief pitching stint By STEPH EN SHEEHAN throwing bullpen sessions, so she wasn't surpare to the pressure of facing the Bulldogs' letting them score, but I was worried if I would Alligator Writer praised to be called upon when Gammel strughot-hitting lineup. even keep them off base at all." gled. "There was definitely that nerve factor Fagan said her pitching role will be limited As senior ace Stephanie Brombacher reBut a few throwing sessions could not comright away," Fagan said. "I was worried about to emergency situations, and she enjoys playcovers from bicep tenderness, what was once ing the infield and hitting more than pitching. considered a strength for the Gators is now a f"" "I don't think she'd be a dominating, shutquestion mark. -down pitcher at our level," Walton said. "But After a disappointing series last weekend, No. 5 Florida (30-4, 7-3 Southeastern Conference) will have a chance to rebound in Lexington tonight at 6 against No. 23 Kentucky (227, 8-3 SEC) with one improvement in mind: pitching. Filling in for a suspended Hannah Rogers, sophomore Ensley Gammel struggled mightily, surrendering 20 earned runs in 12 innings. When Rogers returned to attempt to salvage the series, the freshman allowed a season-high five runs in only her second loss. Gammel's inconsistency has forced UF coach Tim Walton to use third baseman Kasey Fagan in the circle. While Fagan was a successful pitcher in high school, she and Walton envisioned her playing a different position at the college level. "We discussed her future role, and she told me she'd really like to focus on defense and hitting as opposed to pitching," Walton said. In her only appearance this season, Fagan gave up three runs in two innings against a talented Georgia offense. The versatile freshman spent the week Florida freshman third baseman Kasey Fagan was forced to pitch last weekend, but her time in the circle will be limited to only emergency situations going forward. with her super-competitive nature, she could be a good pitcher going one time through the lineup." After showing flashes of promise as a freshman last season, Gammel's struggles this year have been disappointing. Prior to the Georgia series, she had only pitched 11.1 innings, and Walton said her lack of confidence is affecting her performance. "She hasn't quite delivered in the confidence area," Walton said. "Her preseason performances in scrimmages have carried over into the regular season." Meanwhile, Rogers is looking to bounce back from a rough start and will need to focus on being more effective with her location. "If there's such a thing, she threw too many strikes," Walton said. "They made her throw pitches in hitter's counts and they capitalized." Although Brombacher threw bullpen sessions Tuesday and Wednesday, her status hasn't changed from last week. If she is unable to go, Rogers will likely start all three games, and once again, the Gators' pitching depth will be tested. O'Leary to face old rival Penn State with new team Former Temple star to lead Gators vs. Nittany Lions By JOHN BOOTHE Alligator Writer As Amanda O'Leary coached Florida's women's lacrosse team to a two-goal victory over Penn State last season, she couldn't help but think back to 1988. After all, when she played for Temple, a victory over her in-state rival was always a big moment in the 1980s women's lacrosse world. The Owls and the Nittany Lions were the ruling powerhouses that combined for two national championships during O'Leary's four years in Philadelphia. "That was a huge rivalry for us, way back in the dark ages of women's lacrosse .when the cave people walked the Earth," O'Leary said, jokingly. "A lot of Pennsylvania players either chose to go to Temple or to Penn State. So, it was not only just a huge in-state rivalry; it was in high schools." The Gators (10-1, 1-0 Amencan Lacrosse Conference) will get another chance to face their coach's collegiate rival and their current conference foe in University Park, Pa., against No. 16 Penn State (6-4, 1-0 ALC) on Saturday at noon. In her playing days from 19851988, O'Leary lost only five times. Three of those defeats were at the hands of the Nittany Lions, including the 1987 national championship when Temple fell 8-7. Though O'Leary would avenge her gut-wrenching loss to the Nittany Lions a year later with a 15-7 win in the title game, capping Lacrosse off a 19-0 senior campaign, she wouldn't get a chance to face Penn State for the next 22 years. That is, until last season. With a 13-11 win over the Nittany Lions in Gainesville on April 3, 2010, the Gators helped O'Leary grab another win over her collegiate rival. Although it was her fifth victory over Penn State, the experience still had a novel feeling. "As a player, it's, Ah, this team, we've got to beat this team. Whereas if's just a conference rivalry as a coach, so it's a little different," O'Leary said. "But just last year, it was the first conference win, so I think that's why it was so epic and why it was so memorable." This year's matchup looks to be even tougher, with Penn State currently on a five-game winning streak after a 1-4 start. Two of those wins have been against ranked opponents, including an ALC win over No. 13 Vanderbilt on March 20. "We not only have the challenge of them being another ALC team, but also the challenge of going on the road again since we haven't been traveling since the beginning of February," sophomore Kitty Cullen said. The Gators' attack, led by Cullen's NCAA-best 49 goals, will be going against the best statistical defense they have faced all season. The Nittany Lions have the nation's sixth-best scoring defense and have held opponents to singledigit scoring in each of their last five games. "It would definitely not only be good to beat them two years in a row, but to also show that we are a premier team in the ALC and that we want one of those top seeds in the tournament," Cullen said. Consecutive No. 2 finishes fuel Florida TRACK, from page 20 stay humble and healthy, everything will take care of itself." Considering how the Gators' last two national championship runs turned out, even the smallest contribution from Claye will prove to be valuable. The men have placed second at the NCAA Outdoor Championships for two consecutive seasons, losing by a combined three points. "We don't have any plans of trying to pick up another silver trophy," Holloway said. "We've done enough of that around here." UF missed out on taking home the 2010 NCAA Outdoor Championship by one point, finishing behind Texas A&M, but was in position to win thanks partly to the efforts of jumper Christian Taylor. Taylor, the defending outdoor national triplejump champion, placed second to Claye at the national indoor meet this season. "We've got to feed off of (back-to-back secondplace finishes)," Taylor said. "Nobody wants to be No. 2 -thafs the first loser. We have a championship on our mind." One of the athletes the Gators will look to for a boost this outdoor season will be thrower Jeremy Postin, who set a school record in the hammer throw at the UCF Invitational last weekend. While Postin's throw (64.70m/212-3) was a UF record, it may not have been his best. Postin said he "warmed up a little better" than he competed, and Holloway believes the senior is capable of performing at a higher level. "All of the hard work that he put in indoors and leading up to outdoors showed immediate results," throws coach Steve Lemke said. "We are expecting big things from him this season." Reed adjusting to playing exclusively tight end, not QB FOOTBALLfrom page 20 "You've seen high school for me," said Rainey, who ran for 2,478 yards and 32 touchdowns as a senior at Lakeland. "It's just like that." REED STILL ADJUSTING: In his two years in Gainesville, sophomore Jordan Reed has gone from quarterback to tight end back to quarterback and finally back to tight end. Still, he feels he has plenty to learn this spring as Florida's starting tight end. In the spread offense, the tight end's role revolved around the passing game. In the new offense, however, Reed will be asked to line up next to offensive tackles and block more on running plays, something he > rarely had to do last year, and he cited that as the area in which he needs the Reed most improvement. DUNBAR IMPRESSING: Wide receiver Frankie Hammond Jr. said the most eye-opening player in his position group so far this spring has been freshman Quinton Dunbar. Dunbar, who missed all of last season with a hamstring injury, has emerged as a deep threat for the team, Hammond said. 

PAGE 23

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011E ALLIGATOR, 23 Lacroix to be honored before Gators take on 'Cats By THOMAS NASSIFF Alligator Writer When Alexandre Lacroix takes the court at Linder Stadium this weekend, it will be the beginning of the end for the senior star. While it won't be Lacroix's last time playing in Gainesville, UF's emotional leader will be honored Sunday before the Gators' match against Vanderbilt during the Florida's Senior Day festivities. "Alex is one of the all-time greats at Florida, having won more doubles matches than anybody else," UF coach Andy Jackson said. "He's in the top 10 in basically every other category, and in my opinion, he has a chance to win the NCAA in both singles and in doubles." Aside from Lacroix's 95 doubles victories and 100 singles wins, Lacroix has been the centerpiece of a Gators squad that has faced a more than trying schedule this season. "He's the leader of our team," Jackson said. "We like to feel like we have a chance in both the SEC as a team and the NCAA as a team, and it's because of him." Even though Lacroix's official sendoff will be Sunday, he and the rest of No. 15 Flonda won't be too caught up in the ceremony. The team will return to Gainesville in the postseason to hold the Southeastern Conference Tournament, and winning the conference is still a major goal for the Gators, who are only the fourthranked team in the SEC. In one of Florida's most important matchups of the season, the Gators (12-5,5-1 SEC) will host No. 14 Kentucky (18-6, 3-3 SEC) today at 3 p.m. Although Florida has an easier draw with Vanderbilt (10-7, 1-5) on Sunday, it's almost essential for UF to beat Kentucky in order to carry some momentum into next week's matches against two top-10 opponents. Lacroix will certainly play a key role in today's match against the Wildcats, but he will reflect on his career, still knowing he isn't done quite yet. "Alex is one of the all-time greats at Florida, having won more doubles matches than anybody else." Andy Jackson Florida men's tennis coach "He's well aware, I'm well aware, and our team is well aware that we have a long way to go," Jackson said. "We feel like there's four or five teams that could win [the SEC], and we feel like we're one of them." WOMEN'S GOLF READY FOR UNUSUAL FORMAT AT LIZ MURPHY COLLEGIATE CLASSIC: Golf is rarely considered a team sport, but the Florida women's golf team will have to play as one at the Liz Murphy Collegiate Classic. The event is adopting a new format where all five players of each team play their rounds together rather than divided up into groups as usual. Instead of calculating each team's score by adding up the four best rounds, the four lowest scores from each hole will be included in the team total. In golf, perhaps the ultimate individual sport, it is a big adjustment for players to be paired alongside teammates with whom they practice on a regular basis. But the Gators have been preparing for this mental test. "We've played together for three rounds," UF coach Jan Dowling said. "We've really learned how to play together as a team, which isn't something we usually do." Florida has had a four-week layoff since early March, when it won the Gator Invitational by 17 strokes. UF won on the strength of top-10 individual finishes by Mia Piccio, Evan Jensen, and Isabelle Lendl, who all tied for seventh. The team's success this season has been due in large part to Piccio. The sophomore had a busy fall schedule that included tournaments in China and Argentina in addition to the five she competed in for Florida. Piccio's consistency has been her strongest attribute. She has finished in the top 20 of every spring tournament, including a top-10 showing at the Gator Invitational. "When she plays well, we usually have a pretty good tournament as a team," Dowling said. The Gators will be looking to build on their finish at the Gator Invitational, using the Liz Murphey Classic as a springboard heading into the SEC and NCAA Championships in the coming weeks. -ALEX PECKHAM The Wine & Cheese Gallery THIS SATURDAY LUNCH Celebrate April Bring a friend -TWO FREE Monterina Sauvignon Blancs with lunch purchases 12-3pm patio or inside 113 N. Main (Downtown) Call for reservations. 372.8446 ,L Saving Lives Is A Good Thing, And It Makes You Feel Good Too. Plasma Donors Needed Now Please help us help those coping with rare, chronic, genetic diseases. New donors can receive $30 today and $80 this week! Ask about our Specialty Programs! Must be 18 years or older, have valid I.D. along with proof of SS# and local residency. Wireless Internet Available! Walk-ins Welcome. ABiotest From Nature for Life 1112 N. Main St. Gainesville, FL 32601 352-378-9431 

PAGE 24

24, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2011 UF BASEBALL Powers getting chance to solidify spot at third base By JESSE SIMONTON Alligator Staff Writer jsimonton@alligator org It's been a revolving door at third base for Florida this season, but coach Kevin O'Sullivan is ready to give one freshman a chance to lock it up. "We've worked a couple different guys there," O'Sullivan said. "But we're starting to really like the fact that Zack Powers has quietly been OK over there. I think we're getting to a point where we just need to play him." Powers is one of five Gators to start at least two games at third, but inconsistency -whether at the plate or in the field -has limited each player's opportunities. Florida freshman third baseman Zack Powers is one of five Gators to start at least two games at third base this season, and he will make his third straight start at the hot corner tonight against Tennessee. The lanky, 6-foot-3, 200-pound freshman will make his third straight start when No. 4 Florida (21-5, 4-2 Southeastern Conference) challenges Tennessee (19-6, 2-4 SEC) tonight at 7 in McKethan Stadium, where the Gators will look to rebound from their current rut of three losses in four games. Much was made during the offseason about the strides Austin Maddox made toward becoming a solid defensive third baseman. However, the reigning SEC Freshman of the Year has played just four games at the hot corner, and he hasn't manned the position since the series opener against Miami on March 4. Powers has started 12 games but is second on the club in errors and bats just .237. "It's one of those positions where a lot of guys are getting an opportunity to play over there, and it'd be nice if someone stepped up," second baseman Josh Adams said. In last weekend's series loss to No. 3 South Carolina, O'Sullivan rolled out three straight lineups with a different third baseman. Aside from Powers, junior college transfer Jeff Moyer, freshman Tyler Palmer and sophomore Cody Dent have all been in the mix. But none have done enough to warrant everyday playing time. Moyer is the team's best pinchhitter, but he has struggled defensively. Palmer and Dent haven't shown the requisite hitting ability. Of the group, Powers has flashed the most potential with solid, yet vacillating, glove work. The freshman has made several heads-up plays, including the first hidden ball trick earlier this season. "We're confident, whoever is over there, that they will get the job done," Adams said. But O'Sullivan said Powers has been the most consistent, and "he's getting quality at-bats and plays really good defense. "He is a freshman and will have his ups and downs, but I'm starting to think that, at this point in the season, if we can keep him in there consistently, he might be a really good player by the end of the year. ETC.: Hudson Randall (4-0, 0.66 ERA) is scheduled to start tonight's opener, as Brian Johnson (4-1, 2.86 ERA) was bumped to Saturday to mix up the righty/ lefty rotation. .After shuffling the lineup Tuesday, O'Sullivan hinted his original batting order could return because the Volunteers are throwing two left-handed starters this weekend. .O'Sullivan also confirmed that Alex Panteliodis is not suffering any lingering effects from last season's hip injury and is slated to pitch some time during the Tennessee series. REASON NO. 5 TO USE THE UF STUDENT HEALTH CARE CENTER: We want you to keep having a bal I. Cutting-edge therapies. UF team physicians. We are the UF Student Health Care Center. Contact the SHCC's Sports Medicine Clinic today: (352) 294-7440. 
