
PAGE 1

Ralph Nader To Keynote AccentP|E|TWR Weather Thle Inside Cloudy 1 r 1 A 1-u i Senate To Probe High In The 70s Florida Alligator Lectures Committee Low In he 50s See Story, Page Two THE SOUTHEAST'S LEADING COLLEGE DAILY Vol. 60, No. 107 University of Florida, Gainesville Tuesday, April 2, 1968 TO INSURE 'NATIONAL UNITY' LBJ Plans To Meet With RFK Students Listen To Speakers At Kennedy Rally 700 UF Students Kickoff Kennedy Campaign Here By HAROLD ALDRICH Alligator News Editot About 700 UF students were told Monday that Son. Robert F. Kennedy is the only reasonable alternative to this country's present "decay." The comments were made by several speakers, including Kennedyaict Ted Sorenson via a telephone hook-up with Washington, at the Florida Students for Kennedy kickoff rally in front of University Auditorium. The Democratic senator from New York, along with Minnesota Sen. Eugene McCarthy and Vice President Hubert Humphrey, are considered leading candidates for their party's presidential nomination following President Johnson's dramatic announcemen Sunday night that he will not accept re-nomination. Mark Fowler, 3LW and cochairman of Florida Students for Kennedy, said in an interview Senate Meet" The Student Senate meets tonight at 7:30 in room 349 of the Reitz Union, with party caucuses to be held at 7 o'clock. On the agenda are the approval of a study commission for student publications autonomy, the first reading of a bill establishing the SG cabinet, and the first reading of a bill making a change in the group seating law. -.--;-sz-~x~.:.x.:. ...x .: after the rally that he thought "the rally was a success, particularly for being so early in the campaign. Later, we'll very likely bring Kennedy or his brother (Sen. Ted Kennedy, DMass). I'm sure the crowd will be much larger then." Speakers at the rally, which was threatened momentarily by light rain, urged students to support Kennedy's drive to"reverse the dangerous direction this country is taking." Sorenson, in his pre-taped message, said that three weeks ago, ''I was enjoying a quiet law practice. But I have since reassessed my position. Robert Kennedy reassessed his position. Now the people of this country must reassess their positions." He warned that the 'United States of America, as we know it, is in grave danger" if the course of the U.S.' current foreign and domestic policies is not reversed. The rally, which lasted nearly an hour, was quiet and reserved, compared to similar Kennedy rallies at universities in other states, notably Kansas and California. Fowler, a disk jockey on radio station WDVH, said the Monday rally 'was just the beginning." He said the Florida Students for Kennedy plan "possibly" a voter registration drive in Alachua County. He said the group would definitely '"get to the grass roots lIvel" by holding voter education cIksses and encouraging students and their parents to register and vote, by absentee ballot, it necessary. Fowler also said that about 75 students volunteered after the rally to work for Kennedy. Listed Press International President Johnson Monday accepted Sen. Robert F. Kennedy's request for a "national unity" meeting in the wake of the chief executive's startling announcement he would not seek re-election. In New York, Kennedy had Kennedy Will praised Johnson's move as "magnanimous" and disclosed he had asked the President for a meeting "as soon as possible to B e N o i flee, discuss how we might work together in the interest of national unity during the coming months." vrofs Predict Returning from a Chicago speech, Johnson told newsmen By BOB PADECKY he would see Kennedy at the Alligator Staff Writer senator's convenience. Asked what Kennedy wished to discuss, Robert F. Kennedy will be the the President said all he knew 1968 Democratic nominee for was what he read on news tickthe U. S. Presidency. ers. That was the opinion of leadMeanwhile, Sen. Eugene J. Mcing UF political scientists MonCarthy, who preceded Kennedy day after President Johnson's into the race to wrest away the refusal to seek re-election Sunnomination, said he got "double day night. 4 \ satisfaction' from Johnson's Each person, either involved Sunday announcement that he in this state's primary or know(Johnson) would not run again ledgeable in national affairs, in 1968. He explained to reportthought RFK will gain more by ers in Milwaukee that it not only Johnson's absence than Sen. Euremoved his chief obstacle in the gene McCarthy. campaign, it indicated growing "Kennedy has a much better support for his criticism of Vietorganization behind him and along nam policy. with that money, he will be clearly Sen. J. William Fulbright, Dahead of McCarthy," said Dr. Ark., one of the leading doves Manning J. Dauer, chairman of on Vietnam, called the decision the political science department. "an act of a very great patriot." Dr. David M. Chamlers, hisAnother critic of the war, Sen. tory professor and one of the Edward M. Kennedy, D-Mass., leaders of the McCarthy program said: "I wired the President in this state, agreed with Dauer, (SEE 'PRESIDENTIAL' P. 2) (SEE 'REACTION' PAGE 2) Four UF Posts Filled By JIM ALMAND Alligator Staff Writer Four of 11 vacancies on the UF Administrative Council were filled Monday when President Stephen C. O'Connell announced appointment of four key administrators following Board of Regents approval in Miami. The appointments include Vice-President for Academic Affairs Frederick W. Conner, College of A;ts and Sciences Dean Harry H. Sisler, College of Pharmacy Dean Kenneth F. Finger and Sponsored Research Director George W. Croker. Switching Conner from vice-president of administrative affairs to vice-president of academic affairs creates anotherAdministra-. tive Council vacancy until a new vice-president is appointed. Conner replaced Robert B. Mautz, who is now chancellor of Florida universities. Sisler, 12-year chairman of the Department of Chemistry, will replace Dean Ralph Page, whose retirement is effective June 30. Commenting on the selection, O'Connell noted, "the Department of Chemistry has grown to be the outstanding chemistry department in the Southeast" under Sisler's direction. Replacing Dean George Archambault on June 1 as dean of the College of Pharmacy, Finger was a professor of pharmacology from the University of Wisconsin. He has served as research investigator, and later as manager of chemical pharmacology in the medical research laboratories of the Charles Pfizer and Co. before joining Wisconsin in 1963. The new director of the Division of Sponsored Research, George W. Croker, will replace Dr. Vincent Learned, who resigned last December to return to teaching in the College of Engineering. Croker is currently director of contracts and grants at the University of Alabama. CONNER SISLER dean FINGER .a. dean 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 2, 1963 AT ACCENT '68 Nader To Give KeynoteSpeech Ralph Nader, a Washington attorney known as the man who made Americans afraid of their cars, will give the keynote address for Accent '68 on Thursday in the gymnasium. Nader's influence on American politics extends far beyond his obtaining car safety legislation, however. In less than two years, Nader has taken on the natural gas,the television and the meat-packing industries, forcing the government to react. While no one took Nader's muckraking crusades seriously at first, the 33 year-old Harvard law graduate virtually backed into notoriety in 1966 when General Motors was found attempting to dig up dirt on his private life in order to discredit his allegations against the auto industry. One of the major results of his auto crusade was establishment of the cabinet post secretary of transportation. Known as the "Guardian of the Consumer," Time magazine says Nader has "no constituency but the American consumer, and no financial backing beyond what he can generate from lectures and writing." His book "Unsafe at Any Speed" has sold over 450,000 copies and netted him $55,000. Presidential Race happen in 1972 -a bruising FROM PAGE ONEl battle for the Democratic nom2 1 ination between Kennedy and Vice expressing my respect for his President Hubert H. Humphrey. courage and recognition of the There were urgent pleas withpersonal price he was willing in the Republican party for Gov. to pay for peace." Nelson A. Rockefeller of New Politicians foresaw Monday York to enter the race. He said what they once thought could only again he wouldn't. Reaction jFROM PAGE ONE saying "RFK had the most to gau."t "LBJ, by his announcement of a cutback in Vietnam bombings, has weakened McCarthy's peace platform," said Dr. Walter A. Rosenbaum, assistant professor of political science. "If Hanoi agrees to a peace settlement, McCarthy will not have a political leg to stand on." Some Democrats -including Senate Democratic leader Mike Mansfield -predicted Johnson might change his mind and accept a draft at the Democratic national convention in August. Johnson has said his decision is "irrevocable." In other action Republican presidential hopeful Richard Nixon announced that he would postpone a comprehensive statement on Vietnam which he had planned to make this week "in order to avoid anything that might, even inadvertantly, cause difficulty for our negotiators." AiMImiNiNimimiimiuiuiniimininiIMINIum1 SPECIAL NOTICE To all students and university personnel 10% DISCOUNT 00Off Our Low-Low Prices I FOOD TASTES MUCH BETTER Al CAFETERIAS *"""D i 11.30 A M -2:00 PM m 4:30 PM -8:00 PM GAINESVILLE SHOPPING CENTER 1212 North Main Street (Just Four Minutes From Campus) WTHE FLORIDA ALIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the University of Florida aed is published five times weekly except during June, July and August when it is published semi-weekly, and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the OMeial opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida Alligator, Reitz Union Building, University of Florida, Galnesville, Florida, 32601. The Alligator is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida, 32601. Subscription rate is $14.00 per year or $4.00 per quarter. The Florida Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of all advertilements and to revise or turn away copy which it considers objectionable. The Florida Alligator will not consider, adjustments of payment for any advertisement involving typographical errors or erroseous insertion unless notice Is given to the Advertising Manager within (1) one day after advertisement appears. 'Te Florida Alligator will Dot be renpossible for more than one incorrect insertion of an advertisement scheduled to run several times. Notgs for correction must be given before next insertion. UF Se nate Initiates Probe Of Functions Committee By HARVEY ALPER Aiigator Managing Editor The UF Faculty Senate voted unanimously Thursday to create a special committee to probe the operation of the university's Public Functions and Lectures Committee. Many faculty members have interpreted the move as stemming from the controversy which surrounded the invitation to Harlem Congressman Adam Clayton Powell to speak on campus. The investigative committee will "examine, consult with the (university) president, and recommend any necessary improvement or changes in, the present structure, jurisdiction, function, and basic policies governing the Public Functions and Lectures Committee." In addition committee members will "immediately,'and if possible in time to report at the first meeting of the senate after they are elected, examine and present recommendations as to university policy in respect to speakers invited to campus from outside the university community" and "in respect to programs originating off-campus but carried by WRUF or Channel 5-TV." A second section of the same resolution was voted down by the senate. This section would have instructed the committee to consult with the Board of Regents and other universities on policy governing speakers and other presentations here. Professor Manning Dauer, chairman of the political science department, introduced the entire resolution. Last year the Public Functions and Lectures Committee sponsored 3,055 events on campus. These included 155 movies, 23 dances, 2,028 meetings, 7 official events such as Student Government elections, 31 athletic events, 113 dinners and 71 special events including music concerts. "The Public Functions and Lectures Committee includes 25 persons, four of them students. Members are appointed by the president for terms of varying lengths up to five years. After its organizational meeting in the fall, the entire committee meets only on call. The actual business of the committee is carried on through its subcommittees," Richard W. Bowles, committee chairman, said Thursday. "There obviously are some differences of opinion on what the role of the committee is and its relationship to the president," committee member Dr. i GO GREEK Ruth 0. McQuown told the Alligator. She said the investigativecommittee should help answer these questions. In other action the senate passed a resolution commending Vice-President for Academic Affairs and Chancellor-Elect Robert B. Mautz for having "rendered outstanding service to the UF.l Computer Meet The Association for Computing Machinery will hold its April meeting tonight at 7 o'clock in room 346 of the Reitz Union. Three films will precede the speaker, Drew F. Burton, at 8:15. A DIN'S DO GLASS Fast attention to insurance claims for cars, trucks and FREE ESTIMATES 323 N.W. 6th ST. 376-2558 East Side ACL Depot 48 -HOUR WATCH REPAIR QUALITY WORK FACTORY PARTS UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTE E 376-2615 103 W. Univ. Ave. & Gainesville MallJEWELERS TOMORROW TOMORROW TOMORROW begins THE CAMPUS SHOP and BOOK STORE'S SUPER SEMI-ANNUAL SPRING SIDEW ALK BOOK SALE APRIL 3,4, &5 mr 

PAGE 3

Powell Cancels UF Visit, Blames It On Gov. Ki k By HARVEY ALPER starting at no Alligator Managing Editor "Due to th Harlem Congressman Adam Clayton Powell, ing a routine speaking to students at Florida A & M University turbance dir Sunday, said he cancelled his Gainesville tour visit here,"'J Saturday because of misinformation from the GainesGainesville 2 ville Police Department and a message from Gov. make his sch Claude Kirk. The repo The 59-year-old congressman said he didn't come Powell sinc to Gainesville because of his own powers of prearrive, werE monition, a shooting in a Gainesville bar and a sity student warning from an official in Kirk's office. refused to a Jordan di Saturday evening Larry Jordan, press secretary advised agai for the Afro-AmericanStudent Association (AASA) -force becauc the UF group which -was to have sponsored the did not care congressman's visit here -blamed the night-time incidents inI shootings in one of Gainesville's Negro areas for p the cancellation. The press persons had University officials immediately announced that cident which persons holding tickets to hear Powell soeak here and two ot coulo ootain refunds at the Reitz Union box office shootings. $850 Said Missing By Flavet 3 Store The manager of the small grocery store in Flavet 3, a married student village, has reported the loss of a money sack containing about $850 in cash and checks. Lowell Haines told the Alligator the bag accidently slipped from his motorcycle as he was going to the bank with the store's deposits about 11:45 a.m. Monday. He said the bag, which contained about $175 in cash and the rest in checks, slipped from the cycle on West University Avenue near King's Food Host restaurant when Haines tried to restart the engine after stopping for a red light. Haines said he noticedthe sack missing when he reached 13th Street and immediately returned to where he believes the bag slipped off. The bag was gone, however. He identified it as a khaki green bag with bold black letters, reading "University City Bank, Gainesville, Florida." He requested that whoever found the sack return it to either the Flavet 3 Store or the University Police. "If they want the money that badly, they can keep it," Haines said. "But we'd really like t~o get those checks back." University Police reported no further leads in the case. "All we can do is hope whoever found it will return it," on Monday. e release today of a radio story describe Friday night brawl as a racial disectly linked to Adam Clayton Powell's ordan told a crowd of reporters at the airport Saturday, "Mr. Powell will not L--3-1 --3 -.2 4 L --9' eduled vI rters, m e 11 a.n e unable acting a nswer qu d, howev nst comi se of a" to have b the unive s secret d been in h saw on hers place an officer said. "Otherwise, we'll just have to wait and see if the checks are deposited. Then we can trace them and catch the guilty party." The Flavet 3 Store is selfsupporting and is controlled by the Flavet 3 Commission. Profits from the store's sales are used primarily for recreational and other improvements in the village, composed of former World War II rmy barracks. Tuesday April 2, 1968, The Florida Alligator, Page 3 QUIK-SAVE Prices Good Thru 4/7/68 SPEC IALS 1sit here." any of whom had waited for M., when he was scheduled to I6oz to question Jordan. The univerJARTUBE .s sole spokesman for the AASA, questions. now in Regular si.oo er, say that Powell had been $2.00a ng here by his personal security and Dry VALUE 'possible riot." He said Powell VALUE Hair formulas SAVE his name linked to any possible rsity city. SAVE 031: ary also noted that no white volved in the Friday night in$1 .01 5 'N e person die of bullet wounds ced in hospitals as a result of 69EL NOW Pocket Combs ATTLE and ALL SIZES of COMBS RUSTLERs SPECIAL! VALUES TO 69 L8 CR.OOPPED siRLOW WEDCO P IO ORR.M WOULD YOU BELIEVE? ODn. caIG LIMIT TOAST 12 COMBS PERSON OpeM11A.rill 9 P.M. ORLANDO-190^ N. MIIIS T ITUSVILE USI M I R I 84Hours LANDMARK APARTMENTS PHASE I1 Now Accepting Applications For September '68 Gymnasium Sauna bath 0 Weightlifting room 0 Card room Lounge Study rooms Two Pools Patio grills Automatic dishwashers Refuse disposals Town house design Convenient to VA Hospital Med Center U. of F. IT WON'T BE LONG 'TILL FALL 1111 SW 16th Ave. 372-6535 12 oz. VALUE $1.09 SAVE 46c ONLY Posi Pro. withe 63 AtN Apply onl ALCOHOL RUBBING COMPOUND REG. VALUE 49 SAVE 40 94 bedtime. F fresh, odoi color s0. harm oi garment directed. tive section -t-v U-PERSPIRANT y twice weekly at Keeps you lastingly r-fre. and desertr, odorleos and Will not wash off, r stain delicate ts when used as Economical too: A 2 ounce bottle lasts sp to 6 months. V*"y"economi'" Lsts 6wwonth Won~,washnoff Wwnt st inlthn" ao N.ore shield% 2 o. Roll-On 13 oz Bottle 12 C0UP9N _R XRX R E E COPY E Coupon Expires April 7, 1968 Quantity Rights Reservfl Good Only at Quik Save LIMIT 1 QUIK-SAVE 9 West University Ave. Downtown And 1620 W. University Ave IN gainesville's lowest prices on film developing --l aza one dOy service m -ON&W m m 

PAGE 4

By STEVE HULL Alligator Editor TAMPA -Students representing 19 universities and junior colleges from throughout the state met here Saturday as part of a workshop to acquaint themselves with Senate aspirant Leroy Collins. Former student bodypresident Charles Shepherd, a delegate to the Democratic National convention on the George Smathers slate, was named state coordinator of Collegians for Collins at the meeting and is expected to work closely with Collins during the campaign. Also in attendance from the UF was Student Body President Clyde Taylor and Charles Edwards, campus co-ordinator for Collins. Collins, vowing he would reflect "the courage of his convictions" if elected totheSenate, blasted recent rioting in Memphis and urged a two-front attack on lawlessness. "Slums must be wiped out that breed frustration,"0 Collins said. 6ThisIs a long range job but massive investments of private capital should be made, with the help of the government, to avert Cong Attack Supply Base SAIGON (UPI) -Heavy Soviet-built rockets crashed into Tan Son Nhut airbase and a sprawling fuel dump south of Saigon Tuesday. The Viet Cong rockets thundered out of the darkness as American warplanes stayedaway from North Vietnam's heavily populated industrial areas on the second day of a bombing pause. Tower B' Open Soon Tower B, a men's residence hall, will he open "in early May" for over 400 male applicants, according to Dr. Harold C. Riker, director of housing. Shipment delays on carpets and other materials have held up the hall's opening since last September when Tower A for women students was opened. Tower B will also remain open for the summer quarter along with Tower A and Yulee Area for women, Riker said. GO REEK further violence in citystreets." Voicing a request made earlier in the week by President Johnson, Collins told the students that action must be taken now to enforce the law. "Without respect of law and order we cannot survive," he said. Collins admitted that any movement "even the race for .Senate" must have the strength of young people to be sucessful. In a exclusive interview with the Alligator, Collins outlinedhis feelings on the Vietnam war. He said it was "the most disastrous experience in national history." "It is very imperative that we find a just way to get out of Vietnam," he said. Got A Sick Corvair? We specialize in Corvair service that's backed up by 30 yrs. experience with General Motors Corp. You'll drive safer with our brake and tune-up service, too. And let us put that air-conditioner in perfect order, -no matter what make car you have. We're the student's friend, so stop in and save money. ELROD'S AUTO REPAIR 1031 So. Main Phone 376-7771 To.Y. Page 4, Tbe Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 2, 1968 SHOE REPAIRS SOLES AlTACHED HMS ATTAC 15 MINS. 5 KlS. MODERN SHOE REPAIR SHOP CAROLYN PLAZA NB 101 N. MAIN ST. 376-5211 u BRING COUPON p I u COUPON i IL SPECIAL~i 'TUESDAY ON LYi OUR REG. joji Y FW01"$1.15 DI NNE R 58 C ~ 89i 3 Pieces Chicken, Cole Slaw, Mashed Potatoes With Gravy and Rolls. i a med kckn. WI Ksntm k FThedC Ma S 2214 NW 13th St. 376-6472 2 Loca 11ons 4 NW 34tn St. 372-3649 ;II.I i*1*'1BRI NG COUPO NUEIIIIIELO~ ~mmmrrnA 2 NBC 4 CBS M Squad McHale's Navy I Dream of Jeannie Daktari Petula Clark Daktari 0 ABC 12 NBC Second 100 Years MOVIP Garrison's "The Malta Gorillas Story" Garrison's Gorillas Red Skelton Red Skelton a Thiefs MOVIE MOVIE "Prince of Players" Good Morning N.Y.P.D. the Doctor" World NYPD h otr Project Four Invaders NET G What's New Stitch With Style reat Decisions -1968 U.S.A. -Dance Firing Line Wisconsin Primary Report News NEWS News News Movie Wisconsin "Black Widow". Wisconsin Wisconsin Primary Report -Primary Report Fearless Forecast Wisconsin Primary Report -Should be more action than three Ronald Reagan movies and a Shirley Temple show. TUMBLEWEEDS GRAT SCOTI I COULDN'T PO WHY PONt YOU JUST APMIT YOU TIWI IF MY SCOUTMASTER GOT DON'T KNOW WHERE THE INMIAN WINP OF IT, HE'D TAKE AWAY MY VILLAGEISIDMEIAN-TRACKING MOLE EYE ? MERIT BAPGE! TBAT CBAP By TOM RYAN I'LL SAY! .I'M USING IT TO PATCH A HOLE IN MY PANTS Shepherd To Head Students For Collins 7:00 7:30 8:00 8:30 9:00 9:30 10:00 10:30 .11:00 11:30 COUCH'S & ZENITH TV GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY SALE The best values ever for your STV Dollar $$ 74ri "All Never Buy $9488 Americar Before Six Built" Priced Ways So Low Handcrafted! Less Than a Foot High! FULL ZENITH QUALITY! The LAKEPORT .GA50-14C Performance Guaranteed by Couch's own Zenith Master technicians. COUICH'S 608 N. Main St. PH. 376-7171 More value fore your TV dollar I -no 

PAGE 5

Tuesday, April 2, 1968, The Florida Alligator, Page 5 Levin, 19 Others Invited Col. Shorty Powers Interviews Patty Bohannon Patty Bohannon Crowned Queen By PHYLLIS BRASCH Alligator Staff wrir Patty Bohannon was named Engineer's Fair Queen Friday at the Engineer's "Space Age Ball." The ball was a prelude to the Engineer's Fair which formally begins Friday and runs through Sunday. Student exhibits sponsored by the Engineering societies and 26 industrial and governmental agencies will be represented. The National Aeronautics and Space Administration will display the first Mercury space capsule used in their testing programs. Student projects will be judged Saturday afternoon and winners will receive trophies. Following opening ceremonies in the Engineeringcomplex 5 p.-m. Friday, the Fair opens to the public until 10 Friday evening, It reopens Saturday, 9 a.m. -8 p.m. and again Sunday, 12 p.m. -6 p.m. Thre Is no admission charge. The Fair is under the cochairmanship of Mike Gaylor, 4EG, and Gary Dupere. 5EG. Patty Bohannon, 3PE, was named Engineer's Fair Queen last Friday at the Engineer's "Space Age Ball." Patty was crowned by former queen, Janis xilewend, 2UC, and John S. Powers, "The Voice of Mercury," during the Mercury space tests broadcasts. L&W Tuesday Night LUCIOUS BAKED CHICKEN WITH YELLOW RICE 49 Serving 11:15-2 4:30-8 CAF EERI 313W.Univ. Miss Bohannon, a member of Delta Delta Sorority, was also first runner-up in the Miss University of Florida Contest and one of the three runners-up in the Homecoming Queen Contest. Before transferring to the University of Florida (UF). Miss Bohannon attended Orlando Junior College in her hometown. At junior college she was 1967 Florida Citrus Queen, Miss Orlando Junior College, and Homecoming Queen. Water-skiing is the new queen's favorite sport, and she will be a full-time member of the Cypress Garden ski team this summer. The three runners-up were Happy Arkin, 2UC, Pat Colbert, IUC, and Linda Edwards, SED. To Cuba By '1fM STERLING Alligator Corrapondent UF Graduate Allan Levin, who pictures himself as a local agitator, said recently he and 19 other SDS members from all over the country visited Cuba at the invitation of Havana University to learn more about the island nation. Levin said he was the onlySDS member from Florida in the group of 20 who landed in Cuba February 6 on a three week tour financed by the CubanGovernment. Levin said that upon arrival in Cuba he 'nd the 19 others met with university officials and guides in Havana. Once outside fe capital city the Americans were allowed to see anything they wanted to see, Levin stated. Boston Prof Speaks Here Dr. Rolgrt Chin, Boston University professor of psychology, will lecture sq 8:30 p.m. Tursday in the UF's College of Education on "Mating Change Programs With Idea Models in Education." A Boston University faculty member since 1947, Chin has served as research professor, research director of the university's Human Relations Center and general editor of the Journal of Social Issues. ,GO G.EEK. By Havana The group visited Cuban inno retaliations dustrial plants, sugar mills and State Departme schools on the nursery school, on travel toC primary, secondary and college tries. He als levels and talked with Cuban broken any law. Communist Party leaders who The bearded referred to the Cuban educational is back in Gain( system as being in the "experiing a letter frc mental" stage. vice for inducti According to Levin, he and the Forces. He ex others attempted to find out what the letter early kind and what degree of ComLevin claims munist indoctrination was used in induction. Cuban education, but reported they were unable to do so. Members of the group, said Q Levin, were allowed to mix with the Cuban people.4 "They received us very warmly," Levin said, "and were very curious to know what we thought of what was happening in Fr Cuba and whether we understood A it.,' Levin said the people also questioned the Americans about the war in Vietnam and the race issue. 'Te group travelled to St. Ope Johns, Ctnada on the return trip to the United States by Cuban freighter. He said the Cuban government paid for transpor.cie C tation.to Canada. Individual memWE4 bers provided for their own SHOPP transportation from Canada to13305 their homes. 3305 Levin said he has received U. yet from the U.S. nt despite the ban Communist couno denied he has F. left-wing leader esville and awaitom Selective Seron into the Armed expects to receive next month. s he will refuse ONLY ONE STOPLITE AWAY rom Campus knd A RealTREAT an 2:00 -11:30 pm PPR DIN reame Shoppe STGATE PING CENTER .Univ. Ave. You're trained and work on routes where people have bought Good Humor Ice Cream for years. .no in. vestment.everything supplied. HOW'YOU QUALIFY FOR INTERVIEW 1. Minimum age 18. 2. Need a valid driver's license, , and must be able to drive a clutch transmission, 3. Be in good physical condition, Sign Up Now For Our Campus Visit Ask your Summer Placement Director or Student Aid Officer to schedule you for our campus visit or write to: GOOD HUMOR, Dept. A. 800 Sylvan Avenue Englewood Cliffs, N. J. 07632 INTERVIEW DATE: April 9 and 10 An_ Equal oggounity mpler_(M/F) You've talked a lot about the need for change. About the conditions of Negro life in this community'oor housing, lack o job opportunities, discriminatory treatment in law enforcement, inadequate recreation facilities, lack ot representation in city government. Now it's time to vote for a change. Vote Today-April 2nd Cora Roberson for City Commission W.W.Purkey, Treas. Pd. Pol. Adv. I 

PAGE 6

No matter what the political ramifications of President Lyndon Johnson's speech Sunday night, in which he called for a halt in the Vietnam bombings, there can be no question but that the administration is re-evaluating the U.S. position in Southeast Asia. Although there is a possibility that the president, using the image of a leader ready to sacrifice himself for the good of the nation, may run again after he is "drafted" as a result of some yet unborn groundswell, we believe that he has come to realize our course in Vietnam must be questioned and re-questioned. Undoubtedly a case can be made that by resigning and offering the olive branch of peace to Hanoi in one swift gesture, Lyndon Johnson has defeated his own cause. We say this because H anoi may now believe that a failure by the Johnson administration to reach some sort of peace settlement will result in the election of avery"dovish" president next November. The Florida Alligator believes that if this is, in fact, the thinking of North Vietnam's leaders, they will be sorry. No matter what the motives of Johnson be, he has extended to the leaders of North Vietnam a very real prospect for peace. Our president has called upon Ho Chi Minh to do no more than come to a peace conference and talk. Hanoi must come at least that far if its leaders seek peace. Nevertheless, the American people must remain aware of the sundry possibilities which Johnson's Sunday night speech has created. If Hanoi should negotiate with the president, there is every reason to believe that his prestige will rise I PRESIDENT JOHNSON .-on the brink with the "dovish" elements in this country. This increase in popularity at home could lead to Johnson's re-nomination by draft and a new hard line on the Vietnam question in 1969 should negotiations later fail. Also, should Hanoi fail to negotiate with the president, or his representatives, it is possible that Americans will gather around Johnson saying that he did all he could do and he now must be backed in whatever course he plots. This too could lead to a re-nom ination for the president. Many politicans have made "I do not choose to run" statements similar to that of the president and then reverted to their old goal of re-election. And so America is left hanging in the brink, even as it attempts its first few steps toward peace. Ever so precariously, the possibilities for peace remain perched on a slim limb, partially supported by political reality and by the faith of Americans in the truthfulness and honor of their president. What will actually happen from this tim e on, no hum an can say, But we, as all of the world's people, join in a fervent prayer that Mr. Johnson's latest actions will lead to international peace and domestic tranquility. Now we can only wait, "Hum" THE RATIONAL OBSERVERWindow Shopping BY LEWIS ROTHLEIN I went window shopping yesterday, and what did I see? I saw a ther who never coddled his baby daughter before, coddle his baby daughter because he had company. 1 saw a coed who wouldn't go out with anyone but a fraternity man. And vice versa. And I saw that those who wore their uniforms for bodily comfort, DID try. And I saw that those who wore their uniforms as uniforms, DIDN'T try. And then I understood. There were more didn't than dids. But the didn'ts had more rules. And because of that, the didn'ts unlike the dids, weren't the same all of the time. I saw a person afraid to speak to a stranger of the opposite sex, for fear the stranI saw the father coddle his baby because ger would laugh. he had company, and I understood. I saw the girl ashamed to undress. And the Then I remembered about the rules, and man, hungry to undress her. I saw the girl ashamed to undress, and I understood. And I didn't understand. And then I saw the uniforms. The pins, hats, beards, Cadillacs, diamonds, Gants, rags. And I realized why the uniforms. They say "Look, stranger, I belong to this group of people -if you're my kind of people, please come speak to me! -If you're not my kind, I can't communicate with you." I wondered, why can't one man communicate with another? Even an American and Frenchman can communicate if they both try. I remembered about those who did try to commuIcate and tbose who didn't. And I saw the person afraid to speak to the stranger, and I understood. I remembered the uniforms and the coed who liked only fraternity men. And I understood. I went window shopping yesterday, and what did I see? I saw phonies all over. And I understood. And I didn't buy any of it. Alligator Staff DAVE DOUCETTE GLENN FAiE Assistant News Editor Editorial Assistant JERRY SILBERBERG Campus Living Editor JOE TORCIA Entertaiinment Editor 0 Page 6, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 2, 1968 The Florida Alligator "To Let The People Know" Steve Hull Editor pf Harvey Alper Harold Kennedy A j" ManeglEdtor Executive Editor Harold Aldrich Bob Padecky News Editor Sports Editor 7%s ,isa. A.l ,'s .ds0 l 61 stiU. as hesus b msm. .ft ls.e a.1m" hif.l aw. ri m = aless. ay LB f VIsrib MUM s iveM ha n LBJ's Olive Branch at*4W 4 44b444 

PAGE 7

STEPPING OUT A New Religi For Ame BY JAMES Of all the Utopian dreams with which Americans have ex Christianity is likely the must unrealistic. If fifty percent of the population ever actually followed the precepts of Christianity -as it was written -the other fifty percent would shortly have killed, imprisoned, and committed them to mental institutions until they constituted a very safe, quiet minority. Rather than continuing to go through the motions of accepting something that won't and can't work, the people of this nation should throw it off in favor of of something new. I myself, in fact, have developed the seed of a religious philosophy that will undoubtedly fire the imaginations of dissatisfied mystics everywhere. First, it will be necessary to take all the gold out of hiding at Fort Knox. Such a symbol of power -like Christ --should be kept above ground. The gold could be cast Into a giant American Bald Eagle with a missle in one talon and a color TV in the other. That would show that might makes right and that being rich Is worth being aggressive. A famous American artist (not the one that painted LBJ's first presidential portrait) could create a background scene showIng B-52's dropping antipersonel weapons on Vietnamese villages while wided CIA agents, their lips pressed to golden trumpets could hover about Cardinal Spellman whose arms would be raised in benediction. This would illustrate that the end justifies the means. On either side could be bronze statues of big fat dogs devouring little skinny dogs. Thus the venerable business tradition of you-know-what Stained glass windows could show pictures of armed police beating shifty-eyed bums and long haired demonstrators. This, better than words would convey the necessity of making sure that criminals notbe coddled and that freedom of speech not be abused. Somewhere (where ever it will fit) there will have to be an altar triptic depicting paradise, earth, and hell. In paradise all the saints will drive brand new cadillacs (this part will have to be painted every year) with all the options. God ( this part will have to be painted every four years) will drive a Continental limousine. In all cases, the trunk will be crammed with hundred dollar bills. Earth will be just about like it is with a little more air and water pollution. Everyone will be smoking hundred millimeter cigarettes. Hell will look a little like a cross between Haight Ashbury and Peking with little (half-scale) symbols of yellow peril and emaciated hippies crawling everywhere. Everyone will be smoking hookas. The temple itself will be staffed by U.S. Marshalls armed with billy clubs and bayonets. Sinners will be stampeded into a hotbox confessional and fined accordingto the median national income. It may not be perfect but it's bound to work better than whatchamacallit. Gator Girls Daily, Pleasi MR, EDITOR: We wish to sugge issue of the Allig a Gator Girl. We is one of the best paper. If the staff of U does not know a suffi: of girls on this( deserve the honor daily Gator Girl glad to provide you 6.M., 3AS J.P., 2UC J.Z., 3AG Cl'ches MR. EDITOR: We wish to register our dissatisfaction with editor Hull's article entitled War Alternatives which appeared in Tuesday's COOK Alligator. His article attempts to justify our Vietnam policy by misinformation, cliches, flagperimented, waving and a minimum of facts. Hull's rationale for U.S. presence in Viet Nam is indefensible. He contends that our nation is "striving to maintain freedom for the peoples of Asia" but our L actions indicate otherwise. The United States installed and wholeheartedly supported the corrupt and tyrannical dictatorship of st that each Diem who enjoyed little support ator contain from South Viet Nam's masses. feel that it This is another instance where parts of the the U. S. has supported a government pledged to maintaining he alligator "status-quo" stability of anticient number Communism in an area with little campus who regard for the welfare of the of being a people involved. we shall be When Diem outlived his usewith a list. fullness (in the sense that internal dissatisfaction became wide spread), the United States reJ.A.F., 3AS placed his regime with a series of D.F.C., 3EG corrupt military dictatorships T.S., 4ED culminating in the current regime MR. EDITOR: The recent Alligator editorial on the so-called fracas between Dean Betty Crosby and Graham coeds needed some further information before it went to print. To begin with, before Dean Crosby expressed her views on an open house at night, she very clearly stated so that it couldn't possibly be misunderstood by anyone, unless they wanted to, that the views she was expressing Thomas D OK's Quarter System MR. EDITOR: We, the men of Thomas D. feel that the criticism of the quarter system is unjust and undeserved. Complaints that the quarter system exerts undue pressure upon students and causes lower grades come from those too obtuse to comprehend the subject matter, those wishing to wallow in the slough of lethargy, those regularly partaking of the drunken orgies which pass for fraternity parties, and those participating in the sorry, halfbaked excuses for what freshmen call "panty raids." We of Thomas D, with an overall section average of 3.58, feel that the quarter system is easily more conducive to the process of education than any previous system, and are certain that the large majority of intelligent students here at the University of Florida are in sympathy with these views. P.S. We wOuld like to hear Harry Reader comment on this point. THE MEN OF THOMAS D were personal, and that as far as she was concerned they might not even be considered in any final decision made on the matter. Now the Alligator says the Dean of Women, plus any administrator has no right to express their personal opinion -this is a very Interesting statement made by a paper that is always yelling about freedom of speech. Is freedom of speech only for Graham coeds, or any Florida student whose opinions are judged by some arbitrary board to be correct? The last paragraph of the editorial was really a cool one. Now get this, "We willitry to live by the rules if the administration will do as much.' Does anybody know what the Alligator is talking about? An illegal open house Friday night seems to suggest some students are not ready to live b-, the rules. One final word may be said concerning an open house policy for night time. There are some Graham coeds, if they have the Stop The Plague Of The Rednecks MR. EDITOR: Hurrah: Alas, the scathing blade of Piurleoni's satire ("A Parasitic City") has punctured the obese iiesh of Gay-nessville's student milking, selfstyled "captains of industry"' Pierleoni has unwittingly furthered the crusade to stop the rampant plague of red-a-neckaitis which is presently infecting the University City. He receives my vote for the #2 spot on the Pat Paulsen for President ticket in the November election. VIVA LA PIERLEONII! JOHN F. WOODS, 4AS on tice to their courses was insufficient for those who were interested in student government offices. Mr. Goodrich continued his kee-n interest in his studies, I know, because he attended al most all of the classes of a course in which I was also enrolled. He has appeared to be conscientious at all times in regard to the duties connected with his office as vice president. As an earnest student he is, of course, registered this third quarter. I think we are fortunate to have officers of the caliber of Clyde Taylor and Gary Goodrich. CAROL WESTFALL, lUC JIM JACKSON, 7AS DON GOODMAN, 7AS Gator Button LBJ IS A Q UIT TER I OPEN FORUM: "There is no hope for the complac Some Graham Don't Like Oper Tuesday, April 2, 1968, The Florida Alligator, Page 7 And Flagwaving of Thieu and Ky. The claim of declared eligible to vote; 80% their government tolegitimacyis of these cast ballots; and 35% the support of 17% of the South of this group voted for Thieu Vietnamese people (voiced in the an Ky). Finally, political freeSeptember elections in which 60% dom in the Western sense is an of votng-age individuals were abstraction which may be of less importance to the peo les of unVoice Complaints derdeveloped nations tin freedom from all facts of poverty By Voting Today and from foreign cultural domination. MR. EDITOR: .Hull states that "the U.S. is bound by firm commitment, Recent issues of the Alligator through ...the Geneva Conhave carried stories pointing out ference Accords of 1954 ...11 deficiencies of Gainesville in the This is totallyerroneous; the U.S. areas of race relations, civil is the party which failed to honor rights, housing, employment opthe Geneva Accords. These Acportunities, etc. The issue of cords provided that the 17th Friday, March 29 carried an parallel temporarily divide Viet "Alligator Humor' article by Nam for the purpose of regroupBob McCullough critical, perhaps ment of the French Union forces with justification, of Gainesville and the Viet Minh. Free elections justice an law enforcement. were to be held within two years On Tuesday, April 2 Gainesto reunite the country under one ville will elect a new City Comgovernment. It is generally conmissioner. Registered Gainesceded that Ho Chi Minh would ville voters now have the ophave swept the election. Rather portunity, and indeed duty, to exthan permit this, the U.S. enpress themselves by means of couraged Diem to perpetuate the the ballot. If those who are qualpartition of Viet Nam by refusing ified do not vote, thenthey should to allow the election. Article 16 not complain. of the Accords prohibits the introduction of foreign troops into E. DWIGHT ADAMS Viet Nam; the U.S. was the first violator of this article. Hull refuses to acknowledge the existence of alternatives to continued military escalation in Viet Nam. The rational and moral alternative appears to be: (1) reKU cognition that the NLF is our chief adversary and that the conflict represents a civil war rather cent man. than an invasion from the north (2) permanent cessation of the -bombing of North Viet Nam; and (3) a return to the conditions of the Geneva Accords and free election for the people of both Viet Nams. This would probably result in a Communist government Inoa reunited Vietnam which, as such responsible people as the editors of Newsweek magazine right to voice their personal agree, would be more desirable opinions, who dislike an open than the continued destruction of house policy at night for reasons Viet Nam and neglect of domestic other than morality. It disrupts reform in the United States. those whose only time to study Hull's alternative to these prois at night. The dorm is your posals is a complete Americanhome -not a public place for ization of the war (which amounts mixed parties every night. Girls to neocolonialism) since the South can see their boyfriends any time Vietnamese army does not seem they want to during the day, and to execute its part of the war if they still want to see them as enthusiastically or efficiently at night, they can sign out. as the Viet Cong. He further advocates invasion of North Viet A GRAHAM COED Nam which seems absurd inview C. of the fact that American forces Long Cam paig n cannot even hold their own in South Viet Nam and which would Hurt Averages inevitably lead to a war with Communist China. Hull also calls MR. EDITOR: upon other Asian nations to cotribute to the American war efMr. Faden's letter, March 27, fort. Apparently, he fails to is another proof of the excessive realize that these nations, which pressures of the quarter system, are closer to the situation, do not and not a valid criticism of those consider themselves endangered holding office in our student by the red-menace as the U.S. government. State Department maintains. Due to the nature of this parWe hope that, in the future, the ticular campaign, two elections editor will .rely less on appeals were held, and the enervating to blind patriotism and more on campaign-period was prolonged. an intellectually honest treatThe amount of time left to do jusment of the facts. 

PAGE 8

____________ .;-;. GATOR CLASSIFIEDS *'Use our handy mail in order form. Page 8, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 2, 1968 FOR SALE 1964 VESPA 150 -Must sell Perfect mechanical condition never any trouble. New paint, new tires. $150.00. 372-6003 or 376-9217. (A-104-5t-p) --------1962 LAMBRETTA 125cc. Fair condition. Tool Kit included. $85.00 or best offer. Call 378-8959 after 5:00. Ask for Bob. (A-105-5t-p) SOLID STATE COMPONENT STEREO, includes: 54-Watt Amplifier, AM/FM Multiplex tuner, AR Speakers. Sony Tape Deck. Weathers turntable, Many Extras Included. Best offer over $450.00. 372-7203. (A-106-3t-p) CAMERA: Zess loon Contena (35mm), with flesh $75.00. Call David at 378-3937. (A-106-3t-p) POSTERS! Wholesale to dealers. Free catalog. Distributor Inquiries invited. San Francisco Poster Company. P.O. Box 38036. Hollywood, Calif. 90038. (A-106-5t-p) GUNS -GUNS -GUNS Inventory over 450 -Buy -Sell Trade -Repair. Reloading Supplies, Custom Reloading -HARRY BECKWITH, GUN DEALER, MICANOPY, 466-3340. (A-106-tf-p) 15' WINDMILL SAILBOAT complete with 2 H.P. motor, trailer, and all safety equipment. L= $350.00. Phone 376-3922 after 5:30 on weekdays. (A-106-3t-p) 1 DIVING MASK, 1 diving knife, never used. Best quality Auto seat covers $17.50, Mes Chicago shoo skates $5.00, 1 Snorkle .50. Call 376-0229. (A-104-3t-p) FOR SALE SALE: Four-month-old Roberts 1720 Stereo tape recorder with detachable speakers and two mikes. Negotiable. Call 376-8133. (A-107-lt-p) LUDWING DRUM SET complete Model 988-1-Pcx Downbeat. Including set of 4 Paiste 602 Cymbals and drum stool Pearl Finish Excellent condition -Almost new $475. 378-6746. (A-107-4t-p) --------WOMEN'S Spalding golf club set, 7 irons, 3 woods. Excellent condition, $40. 9 x 12 Umbrella tent, excellent condition, $35.00. Gold I and aqua brocade drapes, elegant, $5.00 per panel. 376-0397. (A-107-3t-p) FOR RENT AVAILABLE NOW. Cottage, two large bedrooms accomodate four responsible students. Very attractive interior. Panelled living-room. fireplace, dining-room. 11 NE 7th St. 372-0093 or 372-1402. (B-106-5t-p) -------ROOMS. AC and CH. 3 blocks from campus. Senior or graduate men or sorority or fraternity groups. Phone 378-8122 or 376-6652. (B-101-10t-p) UNFURNISHED two bedroom one bath house at 1720 NW 7th Place. $95.00 per month. Married couples only. Call 376-5168 or 376-9990. (B-104-5t-p) -------3 BLOCKS from campus. One vacancy in double room for male student. Air conditioned, refrigerator. Rent reasonable. 327 NW 15th Terr. 372-8929, afternoons. (B-103-5t-p) *DO ItwYourself CLASSIFIEDS I DAYS TO RUN To order classifieds, use the form below. Mail It with remit(consecutive) tance to: Alligator Classifieds, O1day Room 330 Reitz Union, GainesD 2 days yville, Florida 32601. 0 3 days (*10% discount) 0 4 days (*10% discount) Orders must be RECEIVED 0 5 days and over 3 days prior to publication. (*20% discount) DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE CLA SSIFICATION Count the words, omitting a, an & the. Addresses and phone numbers o3forsale count as one word. Minimum charge o for rent is $1.00 for 20 words. For each (wr t additional word add 31. Multiply o help wanted the total by number of days the ad D autos Is to run. Subtract the discount Spersonal (if applicable) and enclose a check Slost-found for the remainder. For example, a 32-word ad to run 4 days costs oser1vices $4.90 ($5.44 less 541).! WORDING -NAME DATE_ STUDENT # PHO NE ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP money cannot be refunded if ad is cancelled of*I i FOR RENT APT. suited for couple or two students located near mail. $75.00 per month, includes electricity and water. Call 378-1776. (B-105-St-p) SUBLEASE Best location in entire University Gardens. Corner Apartment by pool and parking lot. Contact Gardens office about Apt. 710-102 or call 378-8024. (B-105-3t-p) SUMMER quarter for rent Furnished apt., AC, 2 blocks from campus. $60.00 per month completely remodeled just this year. 306-L, NW 16th St. 376-1596. (B-105-5t-p) ----------ONE AND TWO bedroom furnished apartment, CH/AC, Summer rates. Call Vern Hinson. 378-2558. (B-106-tf-c) OLYMPIA Two bedroom apartment to sublet for 3rd and/or 4th quarters. Call 378-5274. (B-104-4t-p) LARGE unfurnished 4 bedroom, 2 bath for family only. Quiet neighborhood. 5 miles from University. Large Yard. $125. monthly. 2144 SE 41 Ave. Call 372-2648 or 376-5849. (B-107-4t-c) 1533-35 NE 5th Ave. 1 bedroom Apt. Furnished and air conditioned. 5 blocks from campus. Available immediately. Call 376-8475 or 376-1065. (B-107-5t-p) BEAUTIFULLY furnished Apt. across from University. Central Heat and Air. Wall to wall carpeting, complete electric kitchen. 1236 SW 4th Ave. Apt. 3. 378-5278. $135.00 monthly. (B-107-3t-p) WANTED FEMALE roommate wanted to Share 3 bedroom house, NE section. $33.00 per month. 376-3538. (C-104-4t-p) EXCITING 2 bedroom Landmark Apt. need 2 more female roommates to share AC, beutifully furnished apt., Dishwasher, Pool. Call Susie or Patti. 378-5809. (C-105-3t-p) FEMALE roommate wanted for one bedroom University Gardens Apartment. $60.00 per month. 716 SW 16th Ave. Apt. 106 or call 378-5841. (C-103-5t-p) NO LEA iZeromate for Private House. Own bedroom. 5 min. walk to Med Center. $26.50 per month. Share Utilities. Call 372-3940. (C-10?--St-p) LOOKING for roommate (either sex) to share wild, wood-paneled, 2-bedroom, air conditioned, garage apt. Water and electricity included in rent. Jim at 372-1574 after 10:00 p.m. (C-106-3t-p) FEMALE roommate wanted: to share ,one room Apt. Across street from campus. $37.50 per month. Immediate occupancy. Apply 321 SW 13th St. Apt. 2. (C-106-5t-p) PAL O rOpenN645 Fetre at 7:20 & 11:00 IT'S NO T WHO YOU CON.d, irs How You o0 mT PAUL RE MRR The SecI r orf WANTED 1 female roommate needed for 1 bdrm Landmark apartment. Can move in immediately. $70.00 per month. Call 378-2703. (C-107-2t-p) --------MALE roommate wanted: Frederick Gardens Apts. AC, Pool, Cable T.V. Only $88.75 for Entire spring Quarter. Call 378-2967. (C-107-5t-p) _--------.ONE OR TWO male roommates wanted to share large 2 bdrm Luxury Gatortown Apt. Immediate occupancy. Contact Chris. 378-1226. (C-107-5t-p) ---------ONE OR TWO male roommates immediately for French Quarter Apt. 55. Prefer students intending to stay summer term but not necessary. 378-3449. (C-107-3t-p) HEI MAKE UP throughout students ar employmer is the pay g short and For resort restaurants, AmDisCo, I Florida. (EALACHUA has immedi Tech noic Mechanics, Clerks a; Permanent working c salaries in holidays Retirement benefits. Al 9 12 SV FEMALE roommate wanted: two ( blocks from campus, $30.00 per BUSBOYI month plus utilities. Phone a ox.8: 378-7327. (C-104-4t-p) appry Gino -------376-1322. FEMALE roommate wanteu Gainesville, spring quarter. Williamsburg Apts. Immediate occupancy. Call DELIVERY 378-4459. (C-105-3t-p) full time s ---------vehicles. .:.:.: .Restaurant. ::: :::13th St. (EHELP WANTED :: .LUMS REE part time MALES -Summer camp jobs in Must be 21, North Carolina for eight weeks -good tips.P Camp Pinewood, Hendersonville, Phone 376N.C. General Cabin Counselors or Speciality Counselors (Water Ski, Riflery, Archery, Tennis Waterfront LAST D or Campcraft.) Write To: F. R. Robertson, 1414 Felch Ave. Jax. Florida 32207. (E-102-4t-c) MAKE THE SCENE for a profitable summer. PERFORM as Summer Library Intern in outstanding Florida I wc public library. Enjoy BACKSTAGE I TECMtACO view of professional .library srvi. .I Good pay, varied experience for WED.select juniors, seniors. By April 8, get fnct sheets, application blanks, make.interview appointment with State Library representative, University Placement Center, Room G-22, Florida Union, Mr. Maurice Mayberry. (E-105-3t-c)W 1 EXPERIENCED grM1 cook wanted S part time and also pert time* WaitressesFri.nights, all day Sat. and Sun. Apply Trail Bos. Ponderosa Steak House. (E-107-3t-c) V 141 A JANBig Shows All II n I HEPBURN ALANL ARKIN RICHARD CRENNA WMTIGT I At 9:2/ 11:19 -No.3 At :22. 135 OEM M MN=17 _ "u.,*. 2:49'4s11 WS 8t55 WINNER of ACADEMY AWARD -HIGHEST RATING!" -N.Y.Doily News LP WANTED $100 -$150 WEEKLY ut the nation college e in demand for summer nt at U.S. resorts. Not only ood, but the hours usually the after-hours exciting. t directory of hotels, lodges, send $1.00 to P.O. Box 1362, Plant City, -107-2t-p) GENERAL HOSPITAL ate openings for: Medical ,gist, Maintenance Clerk Typits, Ward nd Registered Nurses. employment with good nditions, good starting all areas. Paid vacations, and sick leave, State Plan and other fringe pply: Personnel Director, W 4th Avenue. Dt-c) Part time; hours 5 p.m. to 30 p.m. six days a week. 's Italian Restaurant. Call 2204 SW 13th St. Florida. (E-104-tf-c) BOYS -Part time and hifts available. Drive our Apply Gino's Italian 376-1322. 2204 SW -104-tf-c) STAURANT -Desires waitressesand a cashier. years of age. Wages, Plus Apply 1621 SW 13th St. 9408. (E-106-5t-c) AY .11 .i e. .... iW4:06 6:37 9s06 .ends It's the Happiest,.i usica Yearl I ---------------40 I a pi c '4 L:,7 4 Cofeature at 9:20 WS f wr, Ai q 

PAGE 9

1 .5 GATOR CLASSIFIEDS HELP WANTED HIGHLY QUALIFIED SECRETARY for builders office. Shorthand, good typing and other secretarial skills essential. Permanent job, excellent pay. Do e not apply unless well qualified. Phone 376-9950 days or 378--000 evenings. (E-101-tf-c) ADVERTISING SALESMAN for the Florida Alligator. Must have car and be available for summer term. Good pay, good working conditions, great experience. Ad majos preferred. Apply room 330 Reitz Union. (E-106-nc-tf) AUTOS FOR SALE: 1960 Renault Dauphine. Good condition. $200.00 or best o f fer. Call 376-1490. (G-104-St-P) ---------'69 OLDSMOBILE,2-door hardtop. Radio, heater, new whitewall tires. Excellent ride. $220 or best offer. Call Bill at 376-2082. (G-103-St-p) ----------1965 LTD. Ford's luxury 4-door Hardtop. Dark Green. White Vinyl Top. Beautiful car. Immaculate condition. Call 378-3968 after 5 or anytime. $1,595.00. (G-104-5t-p) X-KE Jaguar, top running condition. Needs hood work, $1,400. Archer Rd. Village Trailer Park Alpha 8. (G-101-10t-p) 1964 SUNBEAM Alpine Convertable, excellent condition, radio, heater, premium tires, new top, Tonneau cover, must sell. Best Offer. 378-5443 anytime. (G-104-St-p) STINGRAY Convertable, 1965, excellent condition, full power, AC, AM/FM radio, removable hardtop, 327 engine, 4-spead, 378-5443 anytime. See at Arts Shell Station. (G-104-5t-P) FOR SALE: 1967 Rambler Station Wagon. V8. Power Brakes, good tires. Good transportation. $150.00 or will trade for motorcycle of equal velu 378-6004 afternoons and evenings. (G-106-2t-p) AUTOS PERSONAL PLYMOUTH Belvedere 1963, V-8, Air Conditioning, Power Steering, Automatic Transmission, Radio, 4 Door, $695 or best offer, 376-2895. (G-106-3t-p) LEAVING TOWN. Must sell. 63 Bonneville convertible. Power Steering, power brakes, four on floor. Excellent condition. Call 378-3686 or Santa Fe Junior College Library 378-5311. (G-106-8t-p) '64 DODGE Dart, Standard Transmission. Excellent condition,. gas mileage and tires. $650.00;Will bargain. Call Bob, 378-5174, mornings, 5 p.m. -6:30 p.m. (G-104-5t-p) DEPENDABLE transportation. 1955 Ford V-8 automatic. Sharp on the outside needs set covers. Excellent tires. Asking $250.00. Call Jack 378-4135. (G-105-4t-p) 1963 AUSTIN HEALEY "3000" MKII, New top, Custom interior, roll up windows, electric overdrive, excellent mechanically, Call 372-0763 a f te r 6:0 0. (G-106-4t-p) ---------NEW LEFT, Old Liberal, or just Up Tight with the Draft: Beat the Quarter System and get involved. Call the Freedom phone: 378-3711. IJ-105-5t-p) ----LOST & FOUND LOST March 26 near Art Gallery, brown man's wallet with drivers license, other identification. $5.00 reward for return. Call 372-8332. (L-106-2t-p) FOUND Glasses in Women's room, first floor of Mad Science Bldg. about 3 weeks ago. Call 376-7502 after six.(L-107-3t-nc) SERVICES CHILD CARE i n home, Monday-Friday. NE section. Play room, fenced yard with swings. Lunch and snacks. $10.00 per week. 376-8523. (M-106-3t-p) CUSTOM draperies and upholstering. Fabric samples and free estimates in your home. Tiffany Interiors, .:: .:.:.:telephone 481-2587. (M-105-3t-p) STUDENT AND FACULTY: Interested in stopping LBJ? Call University concerned Domocrats,Ext. 2839. (J-104-3t-p) ---------~ TALENT needed for Gator Gras Minstrel Show, May 10th Variety acts, male singers including bass voice. Contact soonll Linda 376-9163 or 376-9363. (J-106-3t-p) IS YOUR WIFE working to put you through school? Give her a dignified 8x 10 CERTIFICATE OF ACHIEVEMENT on parchment-like paper which honors her contribution. Only $2.25. Wilset Co. Route 2, Concord, N. H. 03301. (J-106-10t-o)_____ W. C. Fiede :"But never throw away the dirty Water before you gt it dlan" Want to talk? IJ-107-lt-p) ---------REGISTERED NURSES WANTED: Five days on duty, two days off; no rotating or split shifts, annual leave, state retirement, etc. Please contact the Director of Nurses or Personnel office, Sunland Training Center, Gainesville, Florida. (M-105-5t-p) ALT ERNATORS-GENERATORSSTARTERS -Electrical system tested repairs. Auto Electric Service -603 SE Second Street. 378-7330. (M-101-tf-c) INCOME TAX RETURNS. $4.00 -up. SPECIAL rates for Univ. Students, Faculty and employees. At REbel Discount, 1227 W. Univ. Ave. 376-7430, 378-6127, .cres from Wolfie. (M-101-15t-p) Don't be a. CREEDISHFRAM ORDER Your 1968 Mail to: Seminole, 330 Reitz Union Seminole NOW Address:, I Enclosed is a check for $ $5 per copy -Tuesday, April 2, 1968, The Florida Alligator, Page 9 'in Cold Blood' By SCOTT DEGARMO Alligator Feature Writer The film, "Bonnie and Clyde," because it glamorizes two notorious killers, has provoked a rash of reviews and editorials deploring the standards of an age and a rencration which applauds such a spectacle. Such pious lamentations spurred this reviewer to formulate a rebuttal, defending the new uses of the media and his generation, which had to be somewhat reconsidered when "In Cold Blood" came to town. Though the ultimate source of both films is the annals of American crime, they are of wholly distinct genres. In reviewing "Bonnie" at least one critic of the AintIt-Awful breed observed that wnen he was a boy (all bubble gum and baseball cards and mischief, no doubt) it was the lawmen who were the heroes -clearly implying that the present generation has perversely inverted all common sense and morality. More correctly, the movie demonstrates both the brashness and the humanity of an age able to discern the glamorous and a hint of the tragic in characters other that stereotyped culture heroes: An experience-starved girl and her sexually crippled cohort strive somehow to attain through destruction the fulfillment denied them in a dingy, depression-age town or in bed. Others may perform their killings in the Army, or in the stock market, but their final expulsion of their personal demons probably will not be as complete as in the idyllic scenes at the end of "Bonnie and Clyde" -nor will their redeemed existences be as short-lived; there is truly a note of painful mystery in the film's gory ending. 'Sens national' The scene is sensational, like much of the movie, but the greatest of dramatists have not been above that. And the myth-like scenes of Americana -the family reunion; the hollow-eyed migrant workers -are artistic triumphs. No such dramatic expression exists in "In Cold Blood," which provides a more telling commentary on the times if one remembers Marshall McLuhan's dictum that the media of the Age of Anxiety "compels commitment and participation, quite regardless of any 'point of view'." Ie film is wholly faithful to its major premise, a sort of tabloid realism, and its basic structuring is only to delay as long as possible the orgy of blood everyone has paid to see. If this is art, then so are all the slickly documented catastrophes that daily compel our participation. Motivations We participate In the crime and "understand" its motivations by means of flashbacks presented with all the artistic depth of a newscaster's monotone. It is an understanding so cerebral as to be irrelevant, except that presenting it provocatively puts off the final bloodbath. But perhaps it is sufficient for an age of pop-psychiatry in which to understand, in the shallowest sense, is to forgive. Nevertheless, unlike the bigger-than-life protagonists Bonnie and Clyde, Perry and Dick evoke at best only the distasteful pity one might experience at an animal hospital. The net effect of the film, as one moviegoer put it, makes you want to sit in a garbage can -no mystery, no catharsis, just depression. Nothing is ultimately resolved and nothing revealed, except that audiences, apparently, like blood. Sculpture Highlights Student Art Exhibit Colored lights which flash and move to suggest the active excitement of contemporary urban America dominatetheexhibit on display in the Department of Art's Teaching Gallery in April. This lively variety of kinetic and illuminated sculpture created by several stladents in the UF Department of Art illustrate not only a vital currency, but also the high quality of the sculpture program at the university. These impressive works are creations by what one might call emerging artiste. The student -artists represented in this exhibit are Don Boutz, Rick Bradberg, Chuck Lemasters, Giulio Porta, Dominick Tesoriere, and "Woody" Woodruff. All are students of, or have worked with UF art professor Geoffrey Naylor. The exhibition will be on display in the Teaching Gallery through April 30. The Teaching Gallery is open free to the public Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 12 noon and from 1:30 to 5:00 p.m. MOVIE ---------- 

PAGE 10

Page 10, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 2, 1968 -BY DARING DUO-Pin-Mates Still Being Sought I By JOHN PARKER Alligator Feature Writer Attention all coeds! Jeff Sarrow and Gary Merkle are still accepting applications for pin-mates. But don't wait too long. They won't be interviewing many more aspirants. The two advertising majors, who placed an ad asking for "hip females" in the Alligator Monday, said that they got responses almost immediately. "I guess we have met about 20 gifls altogether," said Jeff, "and we also got a lot of cranks. But we expected that." According to the daring duo, about 75 per cent of the applicants bear further scrutiny. "We haven't made any definite plans yet; we're still looking," said Jeff. The two membersof TEP fraternity got the idea for the ad from some law students who advertised for a cook last quarter. "We also heard about some guy up at Harvard who advertised for a coed roommate and got a good response. Some girl's brother even called us to find out what was going on for his shy sister. He asked us if this were a sleep-in deal. We told him to have his sister call herself." The prowling pair claim that they are not looking for someplace to "drop their pins off." "We just wanted to meet the type of girl who would answer an ad like that. She would have to be a little spunky; a little out of the ordinary. This was our basic objective," said Gary. Art Gallery To Display Retiring Prof's Collection The University Gallery will present during April a one-man exhibition of P. R. McIntosh to mark his retirement, this year, from the UF Art Department faculty. McIntosh was born in New Sailsbury, Indiana and received his B.S. degree from Bradley University and his B.F.A. and M.F.A. degrees from the Art Institute of Chicago. Prior to joining the UF faculty in 1949, he taught art at Ohio State University (1923-26), and directed the Peoria Art Institute (1926-32) and the Art School at Bradley University (1932-49). On a year's leave of absence, he headed the Art Department of the American University in Biarritz, France (1945-46). McIntosh's paintings have been exhibited widely in this country and abroad both in national and regional exhibitions. McIntosh is an emotional painter, a colorist -an artist who engulfs himself, and the viewer, in a flood of lyrical, sensual hues. His colors are always alive and vital, but ordered, refined and civilized. This showing of thirty works, is representatively retrospective (it would require several galleries to exhibit the works produced by the artist only last year!) and it is perceptively consistent. It is interesting here to observe that the individuality, already present in the student period work (THE STUDIO NUDE, for example), continues through the more controlled and descriptive family portraits to the latest, large color moods. Here and there can be seen faint glimmers of an alien influence or style, but these never dominate. On the contrary, they are absorbed and digested to enrich the unique and distinctive whole. The exhibition will be on display through April 28. onference Here Approximately 200 science and engineering students from the Southeast and Atlantic Seaboard will attend the American Nuclear Society Student Conference at the UF Thursday through Sunday. Highlight will be an awards banquet at 7:30 p.m.,Saturday in the Reitz Union honoring the university students presenting the best papers in 12 technical sessions. Banquet speaker will be Dr. Milton Klein, manager of the Space Nuclear Propulsion Office, Atomic Energy Commission-National Aeronautics and Space Administration, Washington, D.C. His topic will be: "The Challenge of Tomorrow's Technology Today." Sixty-five papers will be submitted, including 18 from nuclear engineering students. 11* VA *V ~ ,,P,. e. 00 .N k8 AtVye ask e 1o 7.0 Iev7.\\(pis\\\,\6Cs-" e -7d S 7g\ s6Ja7e 76 4 sW \O u d ee th a es. ,to% 'toC',be \\\ 0 0 .de c \ 0 s ted\ V e tC Cover up those bare lsA posters. Four groovy 22" x 'to34"\"posters in fulloxe '01, 01\6 2"" ate elacolor forwtjust $2 a set. See your local dealer. Check the Yellow Pages for your local BSA dealer. over 700 coast to coast There's a place for YOU in a Florida fraternity Some times little things like serenades, football games on the front lawn, water fights, and date nights make up the fondest memories of fraternity life. Fraternity activities cover a broad range of areas -social, athletic, and academic. You need a fraternity to round out your college career. College years will pass all too quickly. Open House from 7-10 tonight at Pi Lambda Phi Alpha Epsilon Pi Beta Theta Pi Pi Kappa Phi Theta Chi Tau Epsilon Phi Sigma Chi Phi Gamma Delta Delta Chi Sigma Phi Epsilon Lambda Chi Alpha Sigma Alpha Epsilon 

PAGE 11

Tc RTuesday, April 2, 1968, The Florida Alligator, Page 11 -TANKER MACRI, RUSSO 2 Gators Get All-America FSU Bumps -Gators InMiami Golf Links By NEAL SANDERS Alligator Correspondent With two All-Americas and ten new varsity records, UF swimmers returned from the NCAA meet Monday, and judged themselves "satisfied' with their efforts. Nine swimmers made the trip, and of these, two, Steve Macri and Barry Russo, finished in the top ranks of the meet and were named All-Americans. For each, this was their second time to receive such honors. Coach Bill Harlan, who led the team to an 11-1 season, and an SEC championship, was pleased with the efforts of the team. "The final tabulations won'tbe in for another few days,"' commented Harlan, "but we placed either 13th or 14th in the meet. I think the team did an excellent job, and of course, I'm-looking Aluminum Boat Production Grows For the tihira straight year, more American boats were built of aluminum in 1967 than of all other materials put together, according to David A. Smith, chairman of the Marine Aluminum Committee of The Aluminum Association. About 90 per cent of the 260,000 aluminum craft built in 1967 were fishing boats under 15 feet and canoes. The lady Won't 100 uch BRITISH. STERLING So fine a gift, it's even sold isjewelry stores. After shave from $3.50. Cologne from $5.00. EsntIal oils Imported from Great Britain. Compoundicd In U.S.A. for an even better chance next year." Steve Macri finished 4th in the 100-yd. butterfly'with a time of 51.2. This is the highest any swimmer has ever placed in the nationals from UF. Barry Russo took a 6th place in the 200 butterfly to also cop an All -American title. He finished with a time of 1:54.7. In addition, the UF Medley Relay team qualified 9th in the nation, but finished 10th in the meet. This is the first time any UF relay squad has qualified in the nationals. Indiana scored an upset by winning the meet, in which 40 colleges participated. Traditional first place honors have gone to Yale and Southern Cal., which finished second and third respectively this year. Fourth place went to Stanford, and fifth to SMU. Florida beat out all other southern competition in the meet. North Carolina State, which dealt Florida its only loss during the regular season, and placed more swimmers in the NCAA meet, fell behind the Gators at the nationals, as did rival Florida State. Mark McKee, top starting freshman on the team, narrowly missed a spot in the finals comBARRY RUSSO petition with his finish of 13th in the 200-yd. individual medley. He was .02 seconds off the 12th qualifying time, which was the cutoff number in all events. The 800-yd. Freestyle relay team shaved five seconds off their varsity time to set a new team record, but failed to qualify for the finals. Bruce Williams, and Jimmy Perkins set new freshman records inthe 200-yd. Freestyle and 100-yd. breaststroke, respectively. By MARC DUNN Alligator Correspondent Rich Spears paced the Gator golf team at the four-day Miami Invitational Tournament last week by placing fourth individually, and shooting even par 284. UF came in second to FSU in team competition, losing by five strokes. "Putting is very important on that course and we had troubles with our putters. FSU played real well and I don't mind being beaten by a better team," said Buster Bishop, golf coach. Spears, a junior from Ft. Jervis, N.Y., played excellent golf except for the second day when putting problems caused him to be six over par. John Darr and Kemp Gholson were fourth individually for the Gators, they were two over par. Gholson three-putted five greens on the last day and slipped to 76. Gholson, a transfer student, was the Florida State Junior College Golf Champion. Darr, a junior and returning letterman, played the most consistent golf for the Gatrs. Captain and All-American Steve Melnyk also had trouble with his putting and came in fifth with a three over par 287. Gholson led the field the first two days. He was not playing first team. UF had two teams competing as separate entities. Gholson was not ready to play first team, according to Coach Bishop. The Gators started off well, playing steadily the first day and ending in the lead. The second day Spears and Melnyk were off on their putting. On Friday Hutchinson and Coffee shot poorly and Saturday the entire team played well. This was not enough to catch FSU, as they were playing consistently and not making many mistakes. HAMBURGE S D BRIANGTHE SELF SERVICE VILLE 1515 SOUTHWEST 13th STREET Phone 37"-036 JACK'S FAMOUS MENU HAMBURGER.i8 COCA COLA 10& 155. DBL HAMBURGER. 35e ORANGE.10& 15 CHEESEBURGER. 25e SPRITE.I.0& 15 DBL CHEESEBURGER454 SHAKES. 25&35 FISH ON A BUN.29e FREEZE.15&25 SACK O'SHRIMP. 59e MILK.15 FRENCH FRIES. 15e COFFEE.10 HOT APPLE PIE. 20 rJACK'S GIANT HAMBURGER -45 1 GIANT CHEESEBURGER 55 There are two choices, people who wear this button will tell you. You can run around clucking fearfully about disaster, or you can dD something constructive to keep it from Coastruetlly, there's life insurance. Irsat just something for your benefciaries. Ws for new, a solid feundein to any enduring financial stoctirs-m d at least onesturdy bulwarkagainst disaster. Pewient MuAW designs prgrmn specificaly for college men and wom .So give us a call. Or stop by our office and visit with one of our trained professionals. You'll and him pleasant, informative, and refreshingly lw-key. Do it today. Don't be a cluck. W.D. Thompson, Jr. And Associates, Inc. Consultants Lakeshore Towers Phone 376-1291 PROVI i NT MUTUAL2MLIFE,ssURANO5 S5UAV OF es@A55""P CO UPON COUPON -GOm aFOR 1 Ot TOWARD THE PURCHASE OF ANY JACK'S SANDWICH ONE PER CUSTOMER I I 

PAGE 12

MEET COLUMBIA HERE TODAY UF Nets Georgia Tech, Edges Strong Bulldogs By PAUL KAPLAN Assistant Sports Editor The Florida tennis team travelled to Georgia this past weekend for their two toughest matches thus far this season, and the Gator netters left the Peach state with two more wins to their credit and a 28-match win streak. On Friday Coach Bill Potter's netters downed nationally ranked Georgia Tech, 7-2 in Atlanta. The next afternoon in Athens, Florida bumped SEC hopefuls, Georgia, 6-3. "'The Georgia Tech match was a lot closer than the 7-2 score might indicate," said assistant coach M. B. Chain. "We didn't have the match sewed up until r .,I -Vdwwt.4 our No. 6 mair won his singles match." The Gators ran into trouble at Georgia Tech whenSteve Belland, Florida's No. 3 singles player who went into the match unbeaten this season, dropped his match to Tech's Larry Turville. Moments later, however, UF's No. 6 man Will Sherwood, came through-with a tough three-set win. Sherwood won after an amazing comeback, 1-6, 14-12, 6-4. Sherwood's win was a timely one, because Florida's No.-2 doubles team of Paul Lunetta and Greg Hilley were later beaten by Tech's team of Bob Spicker and Steve Menke. At Georgia, things got even stickier, as it took the Gators' No. 1 doubles team of ArmiNelly and Beeland to sew up the win. Neely and Beeland topped Ortiz and Shipper, but notuntil freshman Paul Lunetta dropped both his singles and doubles matches, and Beeland lost his singles match for the second straight afternoon. The Georgia match started out as expected, as Neely and Jamie Pressly, Florida's No. 1 and 2 netters .won their matches handily for the eleventh straight time this season. Beeland, however, was upset for the second straight day as he was beatenby Norman Holmes, and Lunetta was demolished by international star Alex Cmaylo, 6-0, 6-4. Once again Sherwood came through with a win from the No.6 slot, but Lunetta and Hilley were dumped again from the No.2 doubles position by Hlkmes and Cmaylo. Today the Gators start a fivematch home stand with Columbia University. On Thursday UF meets William and Mary, and on Saturday, in what will be one of the nation's biggest dual matches of the season, Florida faces the University of Miami. Last year Florida was ranked seventh in the country, while Miami finished the season with the No. 3 tapping. SPORTS Page 12, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 2, 1968 3 New Faces On Defense The first week of spring football practice at Florida brought no changes in the first offensive unit, but three on defense. Moving up on the defensive team are linebacker Mike Kelley, a 210-pound sophomorefrom Orlando, and safetymen Bill Galsford, senior from Fort Lauderdale. and Skip Albury, a junior from Coral Gables. Both Albury and Gaisford were switched to the safety position from cornerback. "Defensively, we believe safety is. the spot most up for grabs," says head coach Ray Graves. "We are going to give a lot of boys a chance at this position." SHOE REPAIRS SOLES ATTACHED 15 MINS. HEELS ATTACHED 5 MINS. MODERN SHOE REPAIR SHOP CAROLYN PLAZA AND 101 N. MAIN ST. 376-5211 STEVE BEELAND 5 GALS. Irwww GASOLINE WrrN LUBE JOB OIL aw FILTER CHANGE SOUTHSIDE SUNOCO 2426 SW 13 ST. Americans by the thousands upon thousands have been reading and thinking about SENATOR FULBRIGHT'S powerful appeal for the United States to come to its. senses before it is too late. THE ARROGANCE OF POWER "A very specific protest against the war in Vietnam, and a plea that we get out, even if it hurts. It is an angry cry against all war. It is an articulate statement of the duty to dissent .an invaluable antidote to the official rhetoric of government." -MAX FRANKEL, N.Y. Times Book Review Over 150,000 copies in print Cloth $4.95; Vintage Book paperback $1.95 Now at your bookstore. RANDOM HOUSE TWO GAINESVILLE LOCATIONS 2310 S. W. 13th Street 1505 N. W. 13th Street ML 1-,' -I I 
