
PAGE 1

We Inform. You Decide.www.alligator.orgNot officially associated with the University of Florida MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 FOLLOW US ONLINE FOR UPDATES @FloridaAlligator @TheAlligator_ @TheAlligator INDIA CONTINUES HITTING STREAKFlorida third baseman Jonathan India increased his hitting streak to 15 games on Sunday in UFs 8-2 win over Vanderbilt, pg. 14Alligator StaffEditors note: This is not an April Fools Day joke. Since the beginning of his tenure, UF President Kent Fuchs has made it a mission to leave students at the university confused on April 1st. In 2015, he pretended to switch roles with former UF football coach Jim McElwain. In 2016, he joked UF would merge with Florida State University. In 2017, he claimed he would drain the swamp. But on Sunday, Fuchs made an announcement that broke his streak of pranks. In a 38-second video, Fuchs announced UF would have an amFor many years, parking tickets have been a source of contention between the university administration and our students, staff, faculty, alumni and visitors, he said in the video. And today, Im calling on Scott Fox, the director of Transportation and Parking Services to create, by tomorrow, a program that will allow the past 12 months of parking tickets to be forgiven. Scott Fox, director of transportation and parking services, conThe Food for Fines program will apply for all unpaid parking of Transportation and Parking Services between April 1, 2017, and Sunday, April 1. We know people dont like receiving parking tickets. We also dont like issuing them, Fox said. We do it reluctantly, and we do it as our duty because we need to maintain some sort of order on our campus. The program works like this: Any person with an unpaid parkfood items or other supplies listed on the Field and Fork Pantrys wish list to the Parking Services merand Drive, any time before 5 p.m. Friday. Items can be dropped off any time between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Some items that can be donated include toiletries, canned and boxed nonperishable food, baby formula and diapers. There is no limit on the number of tickets that can be covered by the program, as long as partici-Aprils Fools Day at UF through the yearsSee the past pranks UF President Kent Fuchs has played on the Student Body, pg. 8Exhibit shows sexual assault survivors artSurvivors recreated what they wore during their assault, pg. 4VOLUME 112 ISSUE 75Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida THE SUSPECTS IDENTITY HAS NOT BEEN VERIFIED BY POLICE. By Amanda RosaAlligator Staff WriterA man was arrested Sunday afternoon after police responded to a domestic violence Police said. An 18-year-old woman called 911 and told police in Spanish her husband struck her with a handgun at an apartment at 3717 cer Ben Tobias said. As University Police interpreters helped translate, she told police the violence had started Saturday and she apartment with a handgun and possibly a 6-year-old child. ment around 11:30 a.m. Sunday and found the child unharmed in the crowd that formed outside, according to a press release. Negotiators were able to call the suspect, who initially said he was inside the apartment but later said he was not, Tobias said. Police found him half a mile away and detained him. The identities of the suspect and victim tional, Tobias said. Police closed Southwest 28th Terrace and Southwest 31st Drive and evacuated nearby homes for about four hours, Tobias said. Additional weapons are believed to be inside the apartment, and police are waitDan Stout. The suspect is expected to face aggravated assault, domestic battery and false imprisonment charges, according to a news release. @AmandaNicRosa arosa@alligator.orgMan detained by police after possible hostage situation THE PROJECT HAS BEEN DELAYED AFTER CONTROVERSY ABOUT THE REDESIGN. By Elliott NasbyAlligator Staff WriterDavid Horne said a rock thrown at Tigert Hall in the s sent things out of control. Horne, a former UF student, helped organize the sit-in that followed on April 15, 1971, when dozStephen OConnell, UFs president at the time, to demand a black student cultural center on campus. The peaceful protest, later called Black Thursday, escalated when group threw the rock. Police were called, Horne said. That day, 66 students were arrested. OConnell didnt comply with their request for the center until 10 months later, when the Institute of Black Culture was dedicated on Feb. 11, 1972. We raised hell, we got spanked, and yall got some buildings, Horne said. But apparently the struggle, the work is still not done. Horne and three other panelists, including two student activists and tino Cultures director, discussed the future of the now-demolished cultural centers with a crowd of about 40 in Pugh Hall on Friday as part of the Tale of Two Houses event hosted by the Samuel Proctor Oral History Program. In June 2017, UFs Department of Multicultural and Diversity Affairs suggested the remodeled institutes be a single, U shaped building that would house both cultural centers. Daniel Clayton, a UF electrical engineering senior and one of the Panel discusses history, future of La Casita, IBC SEE PANEL, PAGE 4 SEE APRIL FOOLS, PAGE 8Will Clewis / Alligator StaffMOVING BELLIES the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom on Sunday night. Several dancers were elected to different club positions following the event. See the rest of the photos on pg. 10. No joke: UF to forgive parking tickets for food donations 

PAGE 2

Subscription Rate: Full Year (All Semesters) $100The Alligator. The Alligator The Independent Florida Alligator The Alligator The Alligator The Alligator ISSN 0889-2423 alligators alligator.org/calendarLocal Events / News in Brief Todays WeatherAM NOON PM 2 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 or email WHATS HAPPENING?Finding Eternity in Cyber Land Jerald Milanich, a professor emeritus in anthropology, will reveal backstories for four books which recently became e-books, at 2 p.m. Wednesday in Smathers Library, Room 100. The accounts will reference a number of notable people, places and things, including former UF historian Samuel Proctor and former Florida Gov. Bob Graham, frozen peas and Gatorade, Antarctica and Gainesvilles own Winnjammer Bar. The presentation is the first in the Florida and the Caribbean Open Book Series. Take Back the Night Strive at GatorWells Take Back the Night March and Rally to End Sexual Violence will be held from 5:30 to 9 p.m. Wednesday on the Plaza of the Americas. Survivors can speak on the nature of their sexual assault and recovery, and anyone demonstrating support for survivors is welcome. Free T-shirts or tank tops for the first 300 marchers. For more information, contact 352-273-4450. Communication skills workshop A communication skills workshop that focuses on listening will be held at 6 p.m. the first Wednesday of every month at the Civic Media Center, located at 433 S. Main St. Eze Sanchez, a local life coach, will be the host. 'Law in the Library: Restoration of Civil Rights Workshops' The Alachua County Library District is partnering with the Eighth Judicial Circuit Bar Association to present Law in the Library: Restoration of Civil Rights Workshops from 5:30 to 7 p.m. Thursday at Tower Road Library Branch, located at 3020 SW 75th St. Attorneys will provide one-on-one assistance to those who have been convicted of a felony and are interested in applying to have their civil rights restored. For more information, call 352-334-3900. Live storytelling event In partnership with Guts & Glory GNV, the Florida Museum of Natural History will offer When Nature Calls: A Live Storytelling Event from 6 to 9 p.m. Thursday featuring original, true, first-person storytelling. Attendees must be 18 years or older. For more information or to register, visit floridamuseum.ufl.edu/event/whennature-calls or call 352-273-2062. Poetry jam The Civic Media Center, located at 433 S. Main St., will hold Gainesvilles longest-running open mic poetry reading, 25 years and counting, starting at 8 p.m. Thursday. All forms of wordbased art welcome, including poetry of every possible sort, short prose, miniature theatrical pieces, word-centered performance art, acoustic music and/or hip hop. Open jam and art show The Civic Media Center, located at 433 S. Main St., will hold an open jam and art show from 8 to 11:40 p.m. Friday. The center encourages people to play some songs they know, some riffs or progressions theyve been working on or just feed entirely off the moment and co-create something new with strangers. The open jam comes with all the accoutrements, drum kit, bass and guitar amps, microphones and room on the board. Florida Museum plant sale The Florida Museum of Natural History will host a sale with more than 175 species of difficult-tofind and pollinator-friendly plants from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday and Saturday, and from 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday. Accent, host, native and nectar plants as well as edible plants from Natural Treasures Farm & Nursery will be available for purchase, with proceeds benefiting the museums Butterfly Rainforest exhibit. For more information, call 352-273-2057. UF Bug Week scavenger hunt To celebrate UFs annual Bug Week, the Florida Museum of Natural History will hold a free scavenger hunt from 10 a.m. to noon Saturday. Teams will be given bug-related clues for a chance to win prizes. Visitors may also touch live insects at the UF entomology departments Bug Zoo near the Discovery Zone exhibit. For more information, call 352-846-2000. Wikipedia Edit-a-thon: Art + Feminism Join members of the campus and community from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday at the Harn Museum of Art to edit and create Wikipedia pages related to art and feminism and underrepresented peoples in the arts. No experience is required. Interested people can bring their laptop. The event is organized by the Harn and the UF School of Art + Art History, and presented with the worldwide fifth annual Art + Feminism Edit-a-thon. For details, visit artandfeminism.org/ our-story/. The Fine Print 10-year bash The Civic Media Center, located at 433 S. Main St., will hold a bash to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of The Fine Print, Gainesvilles only alt magazine, from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. Saturday. The event will feature music from EW, Piss Test and The Co-Pilots. Activities include Twister, cake, bubbles and Nintendo games. National Library Week During National Library Week, which is Sunday to April 14, Alachua County Library District joins libraries nationwide to celebrate the many ways libraries lead their communities with the transformative services, programs and expertise they offer. Celebrations include National Library Workers Day on April 10 and National Bookmobile Day on April 11. Got something going on? Want to see it in this space? Send an email with Whats Happening in the subject line to jtavel@alligator.org. To request publication in the next days newspaper, please submit the event before 5 p.m. Please model your submissions after the above events, and keep them to 150 words or fewer. Improperly formatted Whats Happening submissions may not appear in the paper. Press releases will not appear in the paper. Correction: The byline on Friday's front page incorrectly credited Aaron Ritter for taking the photo. Alligator writer Meryl Kornfield took it. Correction: A story that ran Friday titled "Disability Resource Center struggles with growing demand" incorrectly stated that more than 11,000 students take exams in the center a year. Instead, more than 11,000 exams are administered in the DRC annually. The article also stated the center requested an increase in funds from 4 cents per credit hour to 5.2 cents per credit hour. The center requested an additional 5.2 cents per credit hour. VOLUME 112 ISSUE 75NEWSROOM Editor Managing Editor, Online Managing Editor, Print Beats Editor Freelance Editor Investigations Editor Opinions Editor Sports Editor Assistant Sports Editor alligatorSports.org Editor Editorial Board Photo Editor the Avenue Editor Copy Desk Chiefs Copy Editors DISPLAY ADVERTISING Advertising Director Intern Coordinator Sales Representatives CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING BUSINESS Administrative Assistant Comptroller Bookkeeper ADMINISTRATION General Manager Assistant General Manager Administrative Assistant President Emeritus SYSTEMS IT System EngineerPRODUCTION Production Manager Assistant Production Manager Advertising Production Staff Editorial Production Staff 

PAGE 3

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 ALLIGATOR 3 Aaron Ritter / AlligatorHundreds of students celebrate Passover Seder on Friday at the Lubavitch-Chabad Jewish Student Center. Traditionally celebrated with family, the event provided students with a community away from home, said co-director of the center, Chanie Goldman. Shelbie Eakins / Alligator StaffChildren and their families rushed around with excitement at Gainesville Baptist Churchs annual Easter egg hunt on Sunday morning. The hunt was split into two ageShelbie Eakins / Alligator Staff egg hunt on Sunday hosted by Gainesville Baptist Church. The hunt immediately followed the churchs worship service but was open to everyone. Aaron Ritter / Alligator Rabbi Berl Goldman leads the Passover service on Friday at the Lubavitch-Chabad Jewish Student Center. Passover inspires, empowers and illuminates our innate desire to be the best we can be, Rabbi Goldman said.

PAGE 4

By Amanda RosaAlligator Staff WriterThe simple black dress pinned onto a board caught Erin Andres eye as she made her way around the artwork displayed at the Civic Media Center, located at 433 S. Main St., on Friday night. Andres, a 36-year-old Gainesville resident, maneuvered past the people crowding the food bar to reach the dress. She caught her breath when she realized what it represented. The card next to the dress told the story of an anonymous 17-year-old UF student who was raped by a fraternity brother after a semi-formal. As a survivor of mental and physical abuse herself, Andres said she was amazed by the students bravery. When you realize thats what someone was wearing when their life changed forever, its just inspiring that they would share it, she said. Its a powerful image. About 60 people attended the Art exhibit, hosted by Alachua Crisis Center, to commemorate Sexual Assault Awareness Month, said co-organizer Ashley Flattery. The free show featured spoken word, dance performances and artwork submitted by abuse victims and advocates. The exhibit will remain in the center until Thursday. It will be moved to the Harn Museum of Art, 10 and stay until April 29, Flattery said. Flattery said the event gives survivors an opportunity to express themselves freely in a safe space. Instead of speaking for them, we pass them the mic, she said. The black dress was on loan from the UF What Were You Wearing? exhibit, which is installed in the Ustler Hall Library from Monday to April 30, Flattery said. The exhibit, hosted by Sexual Trauma GatorWell and the American Medical Student Association, displays recthe day of their assault, according to Alligator archives. Cassandra Moore, the crisis center project coordinator, said What Were You Wearing? challenges the connection between a victims clothrecreations range from jeans and a sweatshirt to child-sized pajamas. You have the right to wear whatever you want, and no one has the right to assault you, Moore said. Andres, who lists her artwork under her nickname Katniss, felt inspired by the vulnerability of her fellow artists. She submitted Girl on Fire, a painting done by an acrylic pouring technique, to the Survivors her art has been part of her healing process after enduring 25 years of abuse. I learned that my art is one of the best ways to get out my emotions and get out my feelings if I cant get it out verbally, she said. Although she has been an artist since childhood, she began experimenting with paint pouring a month ago. By spilling yellow to black shades she lets herself lose control. Girl on Fire depicts both her pain and healing, she said. Sometimes the only way out is abuse is, Andres said. You may have a few scars and burns but ultimately, you survive. @AmandaNicRosa arosa@alligator.orgExhibit displays sexual assault survivors art, clothingAmanda Rosa / AlligatorEddie Valiant, 28, and Katie Zarada, 24, view artwork displayed at the Survivors of Violence Art exhibit in the Civic Media Center, located at 433 S. Main St., on Friday night. Amanda Rosa / AlligatorElle Eclectica, 32, performs a lyrical dance about her experience escaping an abusive relationship inside the Civic Media Center, located at 433 S. Main St. By Robert LewisAlligator Staff Writer theater is opening in Gainesville at Celebration Pointe and offering preview its grand opening. 4901 SW 31st Place, will open for three days of preview screenings April 8 ahead vice president of communications, wrote in an email. During the preview event, tickets, popcorn and soda will be $3 each, and 100 percent of the proceeds Donald House and Child Advocacy Center, Grover said. The new theater will have 10 screens, reclining chairs and surround sound technology, Grover said. The theater will join a Bass Pro Shops store, which opened November 2016, as the anchor of Celebration Pointe, a 160-acre mixed-use development in Gainesville near the intersection of 75, according to Alligator archives. tory store are among the shops planned to open near townhouses, restaurants and live entertainment, according to Alligator archives. Alyssa Marotta, an 18-year-old UF biological engineering freshman, said she likes the reclining chairs feature but is looking for a closer theater. If (the theater) was super high tech I would probably go once, but would othsaid. @Lewis__Robert rlewis@alligator.orgNew movie theater coming to Gainesvillepanelists, said the design was a disaster. He said it was an insult to combine the two buildings, which had distinct and hard-fought histories. Thats what diversity is to the University of Florida, homogenizing culture, the 23-year-old said. MCDAs initial design sparked student protests and the No La IBCita movement, which fought to keep both student centers separate, according to Alligator archives. In July, MCDA announced the two buildings would remain separate and designers would start over, according to Alligator archives. Christopher Garcia-Wilde, 22, serves as a student co-chair for the reconstruction project. He said construction will begin this summer in the institutes lot on West University April 2019, according to UF facilities website. He said its a battle to hold the architecHe said they strike down students requests to recreate the look of the old wooden buildings, citing city codes requiring buildings on West University Avenue to look commercial. Cooperating with administration has been demanding, but he said hes proud of how he pushed UF to pay more attention to minority student needs. enasby@alligator.org @_elohelPANEL, from pg. 1Construction is expected to start Timeline:April 15, 1971: Black Thursday: black UF students protested unfair representation and lack of a cultural space on campus. dedicated 1994: La Casita founded April 2016: UF announces IBC and La Casita are to be torn down, remodeled July 12, 2017: Students march organized by the No LaIBCita group July 18, 2017: Multicultural and Diversity Affairs announce the IBC and La Casita will remain two seperate buildings August 19, 2017: The IBC and La Casita are demolished. Spring 2018: Initial projection for when construction on the institutes would end, deadline later pushed on April 2019.Movies that will be available for $3 Baby Driver  Coco  Despicable Me 3  Dunkirk  The Fate of the Furious  Justice League  Logan  The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature  Spider-Man: Homecoming  Star Wars: The Last Jedi  Transformers: The Last Knight  Wonder  Wonder Woman 3D 

PAGE 5

By Veronika VernachioAlligator Contributing WriterCasa Vina, in a blue sequined mingo skirt, joked about the terrible things their interpreters have done through American Sign Language. Falling asleep, arguing and never mon problems. performed Friday night at the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom. The event was dent deaf culture organization. About 80 deaf, hard of hearing and hearing people attended the event, which ended Gainesvilles Deaf Awareness Week events. which they started in 2015, has more than 2,400 subscribers. The two queens have comedy videos on the worst types of interpreters, drag slang in sign language and sketches about deaf culture. Their Facebook page has more than 50,000 likes. At the show, the drag queens played games with the audience members, including trying to lip read ing foam hands to sign sentences. Vina said drag works well for the tive stereotypes of the community, such as hearing people thinking deaf people cant be performers. We needed something different, something happy, something fun, something big, she said. The queens also said they use their show as a way to connect with the hearing community about what it means to be deaf. Deafs arent going to bite you, Minogue said. We like interacting with hearing. dent, said through an interpreter she derstand she can do the same things they can do despite being deaf. We want people to understand that we are not sad because were want to be treated differently. We want equality. Ashleigh Poole, the Signing Gators tion held its longest Deaf Awareness seven. bers to attend a Signing Gators event in the past four years  about 50. It cost $3,000 to bring the queens, which was funded by Signing Gators and other student organizations, Poole said. nity members themselves. As hearing students, even though ture or ASL to students, Poole said. MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 ALLIGATOR 5 Veronika Vernachio / Alligator By Catie WegmanAlligator Contributing WriterChristine Infantolino rides her bike to campus from her Oxford Manor apartment every day, totaling up to at least 30 miles a week. Its nice to be out, feel the weather UF political science senior said. To recognize students like Infantolino pus Day on Friday morning on the Plaza students ate free breakfast, learned safety precautions like mapping out their routes. They also received free bike lights and black helmets from University Police. event was one of many the organization cle Month. Bike riders only account for 6 percent of students who commute to campus. He tention to the environmental, economic to campus. The advantages include not releasing harmful gases from automobiles and saving money on gas and insurance. We just want to take this really easy, sustainable solution that works for people very well and make it more available and a more desirable option, Adams said. will help. There are about 13,000 bike spots across campus, he added. Thats something UF recognizes as an option and wants to encourage, Adams said.Sustainable UF encourages students to ride bikes Internet-famous drag queens connect with communityAlligator Staff Writer ing in the wrong direction, Gainesville Police said. Hannah Choi, 29, drove a black 2014 Mini Cooper north in the southbound lane of Northeast Waldo Road near Northeast 16th noticed her and pulled her over, an arrest report said. and told Choi to park, but Choi reversed and began driving away. she exited the car, the report said. a patrol car, where she was able to squeeze a hand out of the handcuffs, the report said. She told police she had two drinks at a pub called Munegins On 13th, the report said. She initially agreed to sobriety tests but then told put her hands on his chest. Her blood alcohol content measured by a breathalyzer was 0.198, more than twice the legal amount to drive, the report said. (Choi) made statements of Try me! as she looked at me with the meanest expression she rectory. Choi was charged with driving under the She was released from the Alachua County Jail on Friday afternoon on a $20,000 bond. ment. UF student accused of drunk driving in the wrong directionChoi 

PAGE 6

The Alligator will be withheld if the writer shows just cause. We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, style and libel. Send letters to opinions@alligator.org, bring them to 1105 W. University Ave., or send them to P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, FL 326042257.Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial cartoons are also welcome. Questions? Call 352-376-4458.Editorial Column MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 www.alligator.org/opinions Delete Facebook  it may make you feel betterOver the past few weeks, #deleteFacebook has been rampant across the web. Cambridge Analytica, a political hold of the personal information of 50 million Facebook users. It may have later used the information to craft ads and messages for President Donald Trumps 2016 campaign. Now, according to a survey from Raymond James inor very concerned about how their data might be used by Facebook. However, nearly half of these people said this would not affect how much they use Facebook. American Facebook users, on average, spend 50 minutes each day browsing the social media platform. We obsess over how many likes we get and how many people comment on our statuses. If we dont break our like record on Instagram, we wonder whether it is because our picture is bad or because we posted at a bad time. We Google the best time each day to post to hit ideal engagement. They have do is check social media. Our whole lives are documented, and plenty of people we have as friends or followers have It doesnt really seem like what a giant company does would affect us so much. But it does. Think of everything on your Facebook page. Think of everything you have sent over Facebook Messenger. Even if you are among those who try to keep their most personal information off Facebook, there is probably a lot more about you on that website than you realize. From your personal information such as where you work and where you went to college to pictures of you and your friends and everything in between, anyone who looks at your page can tell a lot about you. Research has shown using social media can cause anxiety, stress and depression, and it can negatively affect sleep quality. It can be addictive and hurt your self-esteem. The culture of comparison can be toxic, but generally we only worry about the people we interact with. Now we worry about being on the grid. We worry the same way we worry our Amazon Echo is always listening, and anything we even think about is used for targeted advertising. Weve been taught from an early age to be careful what we put online. Future employers, can see whats on our pages, and even if you delete it, someone could have already seen it or taken a screenshot. This is not news to us. It causes some stress because we have to carefully monitor what we are tagged in and who captures our behavior in a photo or on video. However, this aspect is fairly easy to keep track of. If its on private or in a direct message, only our friends and ourselves can see it. Except thats not true. Advertising and analytics companies have your information. Its out there. We absentmindedly click I agree on those thousand-page privacy and usage agreements. Is it a little shady our information gets sold to these companies? Maybe. The issue is not even the legality here. The issue is how we feel about it. So, dear readers, be careful. If you try too hard to be in complete control of what information of yours is out there, youll drive yourself crazy. But, for your own sanity, try to keep some things private. Youll feel more in control. A large cause of stress is feeling as though you have no control over your life. Try to hold some things close to the vest. You may feel better. Also, dont feel like you cant delete social media. If thats the best choice for you and your mental health, do it. Your friends will still talk to you, and youll still know whats going on in the world. Do whats best for you. Taylor Cavaliere is a UF journalism and psychology junior. Her column focuses on mental health.Its time for a womens history museumEarlier this month, the head of the Smithsonian Institute announced the museum complex will launch a Womens History Initiative to highlight womens achievements throughout history. Unfortunately, according to The Washington Post, Smithsonian Secretary David J. Skorton said he does not support the idea of creating a stand-alone museum to honor this initiative  at least not right now, anyway. Skorton pledged the Smithsonian would hire curators and create programs that would focus on women and their contribution to history but said the museum is in no position to initiate any new museums in the near future. In support of the initiative, Congress passed a $2 million spending plan. Rep. Carolyn B. Maloney (D-NY), the author of the bill that would establish a stand-alone museum, believes the initiative will prove crucial in achieving this goal. But she told the Post she remains frustrated at the lack of support she has seen for the project from the Smithsonian. This Smithsonians American Womens History Initiative is certainly admirable and long overdue; however, so is a museum dedicated solely to women and their accomplishments. As a country, America has been guilty of neglecting women when it comes to recognition for their accomplishments. Not only have women been consistently left out of historical narratives but are often times overshadowed by their male counterparts. Think of Frida Kahlo, who, in her obituary, was described ed painter. Or consider the life of Ida B. Wells. Wells wasnt even originally given an obituary in The New York Times after Look at Abigail Adams, who proved to the nation that women had the ability to be more than just the silent and poised wives of statesmen. Nonetheless, she is still most commonly referred to as the wife of the second president of the U.S. rather than a political trailblazer of her own accord. In recent years, weve seen some of these snubbed women Figures, which came out in 2016, highlights the achievements of three African American women at NASA. Without these women, astronaut John Glenn may have never made it into orbit. Sadly, few people knew they ever existed until their story became an item of popular culture. But, as a result, most of America knows the important role these women played in American history. over impressive females and instead allowed the pages to be disproportionately saturated with the life stories of white men. In ing their mistake and publishing obituaries of the women who should have been honored years before. female infantrymen. That same year, ImeIme Umana was elected Harvard Law Review, and in 2016, Carla Hayden became the Women have made great strides, thats for sure, but they certainly arent done yet. And although as a nation we have started to improve when it comes to recognizing women and their accomplishments, there is much room for improvement. We need a place that is devoted just to women  a place that will hold their accomplishments throughout time and protect their legacies. Its time we give women the museum and the honor they deserve. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of The Alligator.Melissa Gomez EDITOR A bby M iller EDITOR Caitlin Ostroff EDITOR, Jimena Tavel Taylor Cavaliereopinions@alligator.org 

PAGE 7

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 ALLIGATOR 7 For the past century, cars have had a continuing impact in shaping American lives. Ever since people started to come up with ways to take people from one place to another, cars have coincided with progress and development. One hundred years ago, it was the horseless carriage. Today, it is the driverless car. Scientists envision a safer world with driverless cars, and engineers are already planning futuristic cities where individual vehicle ownership becomes obsolete. Although autonomous vehicles could be maturely pushing the possibilities of driverless technology. All of them are trying to be the might seem that it would be best if car companies paved the way for driverless cars. However, these companies are focused on ambirushing to embrace a technology that is not ready. The major drawback to the current cars we so heavily rely on are the dangers they bring. Car accidents kill more than 30,000 Americans every year. The National Highway Safety Administration estimates more than 90 percent of car accidents are caused by human error. With human error virtually eliminated with driverless vehicles, the world would be a safer place. only comes to fruition if everyone chooses to use autonomous vehicles. Realistically, consumers are hesitant to use them. According to Technology, half of the participants researchers contacted for a survey would never purchase a car that completely drives itself. lation refuses to use driverless cars, human error will continue to be a part of driving, leaving the primary purpose of even developing driverless technology as nothing more than a gross exaggeration of whats possible. Another problem is car companies overselling the capabilities of their driverless technology, giving drivers a false sense of safety. Most brands on todays market are at level 2 automation. That means cars can drive themselves on highways, but drivers must be able this impractical assumption that passengers will be attentive of the roadway even though they are not driving, car companies are not designing driverless cars to the level consumers look to use them. Now, many may think they can avoid this technology by simply choosing not to purchase driverless cars nor use services with autonomous vehicles. However, Congress has recently proposed legislation that yields a legitimate cause for concern. The proposed American Vision For Safer Transportation through Advancement of Revolutionary Technologies (AV START) Act would lower safety standards and liability for driverless car hopes of major advancements in autonomous vehicle technology. Nevertheless, in just the past two weeks, a pedestrian was struck in driver was killed in California while using the autopilot feature in a Tesla. The government to assume more risk when using roads as car companies tinker with unproven technology. mous vehicles, car companies should focus on driver-assist technology. Lane departure warning and blind spot detection systems are already reducing the number of accidents way Safety calculated lane departure warning systems reduced injuries from sideswipe and head-on collisions by 20 percent in 2016. People make mistakes, but dont take people out of the driver seat. Driver-assist technology can prevent accidents caused by human error without the over reliance on the technology itself. rently pushing autonomous vehicles on consumers that dont want them, and the government is looking to dissolve safeguards that would protect users of the road while this technology develops. Driverless technology in the near future. Joshua Udvardy is a UF environmental engineering junior. His column focuses on science.We're not ready for driverless technologyColumnCollege is the time to spread our wings, gain independence and discover who we are. However, sometimes the unexpected occurs and changes plans. More often than not, we are not prepared for that and we happens because we spend too much time planning one day at a time and dont stop to think about the what-ifs. As The Band Perry says in their hit song, able when youre no longer able to speak for care decision-maker. When the unexpected requires urgent medical attention, the best plan is to have advance directives in place. an advance directive. Advance care planning involves making health care choices, executing advance directives and informing our loved ones. Completion of an advance directive enables an individual to state his or her wishes for care, even during a period of incapacity such as after unexpected illness or accident or at the end of life. Now is the time to engage in these important conversations with loved ones and legally document your medical care choices. Talking about your end-of-life-care decisions is one of the most important things you can do, and it is never too early for anyone to start the conversation. The Alachua County Board of County Commissioners has declared April to be Recovery Service and other organizations across Alachua County have planned activities to show how these conversations can make a difference. Terrace among other locations. The walls are public art projects that enable people to express their creativity and jot down bucket-list items. Postcards at the sites will encourage participants to document their medical preferences. dents dedicated to raising the advance directives completion rate have volunteered to construct the walls around Gainesville. They will study the likelihood that adults who visit the walls proceed to document their health care decisions by completing advance directives. National Healthcare Decisions Day is celebrated April 16, right after Tax Day because only two things in life are certain: death and to start writing. Students are encouraged to take this interactive activity to really think about how they want their health care decisions handled in cases of emergency. April 30 is the last day students can parwill also be a lawyer present near the wall all day to answer any questions and help stuOn April 23, an interdisciplinary panel at the Alachua County Senior Recreation Center will also help citizens seeking assistance youd like to attend this forum, call 352-2659040. Visit ufhealth.org/advance-directives to more about advance care planning or like us on Facebook at facebook.com/gnvNHDD/. can reach out to Anne Meiring at meiria@ Do you really want your mom and dad still making decisions about your health care? April is the month for independence. Now is the time. Veronika Vernachio is a UF Health intern. This is a guest column.College students, proclaim your independence in your health careGuest Column Veronika Vernachioopinions@alligator.org Joshua Udvardyopinions@alligator.org 

PAGE 8

8 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018By Molly VosslerAlligator Staff WriterEditors note: This story originally ran on April 2, 2017. UF President Kent Fuchs announced Saturday a new executive order would ban all alligators from UFs campus and effectively drain the swamp. In an April Fools Day Facebook video, which received about 450,000 views, Fuchs declared alligator statues, Gators merchandise, the Gator Chomp and the Rowdy Reptiles would be banned from UF. Weve all worked hard over the past two years to make our campus inviting, supportive and friendly, Fuchs said in the video posted on UFs social media pages Saturday. The image of the swamp, and Gators, does not convey the message that I want associated with our great university. Last April Fools Day, UF spent $9,000 in private funds to make a series of videos announcing that UF and Florida State University would be merging, WUFT reported. This year, Fuchs April Fools Day joke didnt cost anything, said UF spokesperson Steve Orlando. No money was required for traveling, and a video team from the UF College of Journalism and Communications shot the announcement for free. Around noon, UF released a second video with Fuchs rescinding his executive order and wishing everyone a happy April Fools Day. UF College Democrats member Daniella Mora said she thinks some students may have perceived Fuchs joke as poking fun of President Donald Trump, who frequently used the term drain the swamp during his campaign speeches. I do see how some students would have taken it as a form of mockery, the 19-year-old UF telecommunication freshman said. Fuchs could not be reached for comment.In 2017, Fuchs joked of banning alligators from campusAlligator File PhotoIn a 2017 Facebook video on April Fools Day, UF President Kent Fuchs said he intended to ban all alligators from UFs campus.Alligator Staff Editors note: The full version of this April Fools Day story originally ran on April 1, 2016. In what will probably be rememmove in Florida educational history, UF and Florida State University announced today the two schools will be merging. The name of the new super-university is yet to be determined but has already been cited as a major source of contention between the two concerned parties. For the sake of clarity, The Alligator will henceforth be referring to the new university as the University of Florida Florida State University (UFFSU). With many aspects of the schools futures up in the air, one thing is certain: the new location. The two schools will combine in the charming town of Perry, Florida, whose main attractions seem to be church-sponsored barbecues and breakfasts hosted by Christian motorcycling interest groups. Both schools campuses will then be converted to theme parks. With all these smart kids comable to boast a Wheel of Fortune champion! said one Perry resident excitedly. Most UF students had the same concern. So are we moving Balls there or what? asked one UF junior. Currently, there are no plans to move the entirety of Midtown to Perry, but a merger with popular Tallahassee scene The Strip Entertainment group is being considered, sources say. With the quality of nightlife in Perry still questionable, other students were worried about academics. Um, dont they know that were ranked the No. 1 school in the state? asked one frazzled UF freshman. And what on earth am I supposed to do with my #UF20 Tshirt? One group on campus particularly upset by the change are the UF Cicerones. One was seen pacing back and forth across Turlington Plaza and appeared to be muttering under his breath, They expect me to just give tours without making potato and french-fry jokes? What else am I even supposed to say? To help ease the transition, the UF Counseling & Wellness Center is currently offering extra counseling sessions for former UF students who may suffer trauma. Causes could include prolonged exposure to the War Chant or an overdose of garnet and gold. One major draw to the move is the combining of both of the schools vast resources. In fact, the merger will produce a campus that hosts a whopping eight Starbucks locations. a freaking breakfast sandwich, grumbled one UF biology junior stomping out of the Marston Science Library Starbucks, which had just run out  although The Alligator is currently conducting an investigation as to whether they ever had any pastries in stock at all. UF President Kent Fuchs and FSU President John Thrasher both ing ahead with a merger of two schools so deeply set in their rivalrous ways. However, both say they are look(ing) forward to a bright future for higher education in Florida, according to a release from the universities. With such a positive outlook on the future of the brand-new University of Florida Florida State University, the presidents are sure to work together and make the university the best it can be. The football team and coaching staff, however, could not be reached for comment on the situation.In 2016, UF announced intent to combine UF, FSUAlligator File PhotoOn April Fools Day 2016, UF announced that it and Florida State University intended to merge, making Perry, Florida, the main campus. applies for anyone who is in the process of appealing their parking ticket. But individuals who have paid off the ticket cannot be reimbursed. covered by the program reimbursed to it, Fox said. As of March 15, 12,145 citations have been issued since April Fools Day 2017, he added. Fox said hes looked at other places where similar food-for-tickets programs have been successfully implemented. Ultimately, he said, the food drive will help the food pantry and help others save money. This is a way for members of the university community to satisfy parking tickets and save some money in the process, Fox said. We think its a real win for everybody. Online, clueless students who have ed with Fuchs to stop kidding. Dont toy with me UF Im emotional, one student wrote. Another posted a screenshot of more than 30 unpaid tickets from Fall and wondered if hell be reimbursed. In the video, Fuchs only offered a sly grin before signing off. It is great to be a Florida Gator.More than 12,000 citations have been issued in the past year APRIL FOOLS, from pg. 1Items You Can Donate:  Canned food  Condiments  Boxed food  Non Perishable drinks  Baby food, formula and diapers  Toothbrushes, toothpaste  Feminine hygiene products  Cleaning supplies 

PAGE 9

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 ALLIGATOR 9maymester.usf.edu/uf MAY 7-25, 2018EARN THREE CREDITS IN THREE WEEKSGet one step closer toward completing your degree. The University of South Florida is now offering Maymester  a selection of fully online, three-credit-hour courses that run from May 7 to 25.Benets of Maymester: Get one step closer to graduation  Satisfy part of your State of Florida summer enrollment requirements  Complete an elective course  Learn anywhere anytime with fully online courses Current offerings in: Arts & Language  Business & Career  Criminology  Cybersecurity  Education  Health  History  Music  Social SciencesDeadline: May 9, 2018 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 Summer Sizzlin Worried that your business might take a summer break with the students? Our Local Living Edition is the perfect place to position your advertisements for the local market. All ads receive a 10% discountDeadline: Wednesday, April 18 Run Date: Wednesday, April 25 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 advertising@alligator.org  352-376-4482 This paper prints on the last day of classes when students are getting ready to leave town for the break. Maximize your exposure by advertising in the last paper of the Spring semester and reach students and Gainesville locals. DRINK ALCOHOL RECENTLY?www.edgelabresearch.org352.214.4047 UF study. No medication. Must be someone who drinks alcohol regularly & be willing to participate in an in-person session & 2-week period using smartphone technology. Compensation. Alligator StaffEditors Note: The full version of this story originally ran April 1, 2015. In a highly unorthodox move reminiscent of the Lindsay Lohan smash-hit movie Freaky Friday, UF President Kent Fuchs and Gators head football Coach Jim McElwain are trading jobs  permanently, The Alligator learned. Speaking on condition of anonymity, sources in the UF administration close to the decision say the move is the result of Fuchs exercising a little-known clause in his employment contract. The clause states Fuchs retains the right to swap jobs with anyone else at the university he chooses for as long as he wants. Fuchs said he opted to exercise the option after learning he would not have a reserved parking spot behind Tigert Hall. Coach McElwain has a wonderful space right inside the stadium, he said. Its mine now. You want to talk about preeminence? Thats preeminence. Not only that, it cuts at least 90 seconds off my morning commute. Besides, Fuchs added, being president is nice and all, but frankly, its a lot more dull than I thought it would be. Im an engineer. I could use a little excitement in my life. Though he admits his experience with athletics is somewhat limited, although I did play middle school basketball when I was growing up in Alaska, Fuchs said hes been giving a new game plan plenty of thought. For instance, he said, one bedrock of the research world would translate well onto the gridiron: the peer review process. Heres my idea, he said. Id like to submit our playbook to the coaches of the teams well be playing this Fall. If they think our plays will work, then were in good shape. Isnt that brilliant? McElwain wasted no time exercising his new authority. His which will be held in Ben Hill Im thinking we skip the stage for the graduates to walk across, he said. Now picture this: Instead, we have them run out of the tunnel while the band they might trip on those gowns they wear  I need to work on that. Also on McElwains agenda: a solution for UFs perennial parking woes. Why make people buy parking permits? I say we handle it just like we do tailgating. Let people park wherever they want. Everything is fair game  sidewalks, lawns, Plaza of the Americas. The switch-up has drawn mixed reviews among students. Um, who thought that was a good idea? said Ugada Bejoshin, a 26-year-old graduate student. But Ima Kiddin, a 20-year-old junior from Miami, said shes excited. Can Coach Fuchs get me some good seats? she asked.In 2015, Fuchs, McElwain switched places for prankAlligator StaffFootball coach Kent Fuchs and UF President Jim McElwain pose in their new environments. They switched jobs thanks to a loophole in Fuchs contract. 

PAGE 10

10 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018Will Clewis / Alligator Staff Cristina Metral, a 20-year-old UF zoology senior, dances at the Belly Will Clewis / Alligator Staff HIPS DONT LIE AP ROUNDUPTrump on deal to protect Dreamer immigrants: NO MOREPALM BEACH, Fla. (AP)  President Donald Trump on Sunday declared NO MORE to a deal to help Dreamer immigrants and threatened to pull out of a free trade agreement with Mexico unless it does more to stop people from crossing into the U.S. He claimed theyre coming to take advantage of protections granted certain immigrants. He tweeted Mexico must stop the big drug and NEED WALL! The U.S., Canada and Mexico are participating in tense negotiations over the North American Free Trade Agreement at Trumps insistence. Trump says NAFTA is bad for the U.S. Mexico has got to help us at the border, Trump a very sad thing between our two countries. A lot of people are coming in because they want to take advantage of DACA, he added. Former President Barack Obama created the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program to provide temporary protection and work permits to hundreds of thousands of immigrants who are living in the U.S. illegally after being brought here as children. Trump ended the program last year, but gave Congress six months to pass legislation enshrining it. A deal has so far proved elusive and Trump has blamed Democrats. ring to when he said people are coming to take advantage of the program.Family of man killed by police joins rally for reformSACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP)  The family of Stephon Clark joined hundreds of people at a rally urging Californias capital city not to let his memory or calls for police reform fade nearly two weeks after the 22-year-old unarmed black man was killed by Sacrahis two young sons, grandmother and uncle for the gathering Saturday organized by Sacramento native and former NBA player Matt Barnes, who pledged to create a scholarship fund for the children of black men killed by police. All he wanted to do was go see his sons again, and unfortunately he cant, Curtis Gordon, Clarks uncle, said as he recalled seeing his nephew hours before the shooting. So remember that  while we mourn, while we shout, while we cry  because it aint just our pain, its their pain. The peaceful demonstration that drew between 200 and 300 people to a downtown park came a day after a private autopsy released by the family showed Clark was shot from behind. responding to a call of someone breaking into car windows. They yelled that he had a gun before shooting, but it was only a cellphone. The police department believing he might still be alive and armed. They eventually approached and found no gun, just a cellphone.Trump EPA expected to roll back auto gas mileage standards pected to announce that it will roll back automobile gas mileage and pollution standards that were a pillar in the Obama administrations plans to combat climate change. of new vehicles to get 36 miles per gallon in real-world driving by 2025. Thats about 10 mpg over the existing standard. Environmental groups, who predict increased greenhouse gas emissions and more gasoline consumption if the standards are relaxed, say the announcement could come Tuesday. EPA spokeswoman Liz Bowman said in an email Friday that the standards are still being reviewed. Any change is likely to set up a lengthy legal showdown with California, which currently has the power to set its own pollution and gas mileage standards and doesnt want them to change. About a dozen other states follow Californias rules, and together they account for more than one-third of the vehicles sold in the US. Currently the federal and California standards are the same. Automakers have lobbied to revisit the requirements, saying theyll have trouble reaching them because people are buying bigger vehicles due to low gas prices. They say the standards will cost the industry billions of dollars and raise vehicle prices due to the cost of developing technology needed to raise mileage. 

PAGE 11

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 IVE HAD IT WITH YOUR LOUD MUSIC! Is your roommate driving you crazy? Find a replacement in the Alligator Classifieds! 5 Real Estate Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUT PLACING YOUR AD THRU OUR ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373Find (373-3463) NEW CONDOS-WALK TO UFFor Info on ALL Condos for Sale, Visit www.UFCONDOS.COM or Matt Price, University Realty, 352-281-3551 4-25-43-5 6 Furnishings Got a new couch?. Sell your old one in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND (3463) to place your ad today. BEDROOM SET $300 BRAND NEW 5 Piece Bedroom Sets Available in Twin, Full, Queen, & King sizes. Can Deliver. 352-3779846. Gainesville Discount Furniture. 3-28167-6 SECTIONAL SOFA $389 NEW in Package w/ warranty. Multiple sizes, colors, & styles available. Can Deliver. Call 352-377-9846. Gainesville Discount Furniture 3-28-167-6 BEDS Brand Name, Brand NEW Pillowtop Mattress & Box Set: Twins $89, Fulls $100, Queens $120, Kings $200. Can Deliver 352377-9846. Gainesville Discount Furniture. 3-28-167-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT $400Brand NEW still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can Deliver. 352-377-9846. Gainesville Discount Furniture 3-28-167-6 Selling computers, parts, or repair services or just looking for that new rig? Look in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND for more information. COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 1410 NW 13th Street 3-12-43-7 8 Electronics Place an ad to sell your old stereo, cell phone, and more in the Electronics Section of the Alligator Classifieds. 373-FIND 9 Bicycles In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds 10 For Sale UF Surplus On-Line Auctionsare underwaybikes, computers, furniture, vehicles & more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: SURPLUS.UFL.EDU 392-0370 4-25-18-43-10 Goats for Sale & Lease Horse Boarding 7 miles to UFCharlie 352-278-1925 4-25-43-10 11 Motorcycles/ Mopeds Alligator Classifieds is the way to get your 2 wheels on the road. Show off your bikes, scooters, and repair services. Call 373-FIND to get your classified in.Now you can easily submit your classified adfor print and/or web editionsright thru our website!Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedsVisa and Mastercard accepted. 12 Autos Unload your lot. Sell your cars through Alligator Advertising for cheap. 373-FIND or place your ad online at www.alligator.org/ classifieds We Buy Junk & Used Cars Trucks, Vans Titled only KT 352-281-9980 sunnyman352@gmail.com 4-25-43-12 Don't forget to tell them:"I found it in The Alligator!" Sunrise Auto Sales Bring W-2 Drive home today!! Free one year oil change $1000 discount off the finest price www.sunriseautosale.net 3523759090 4-25-43-12 Sunrise Auto Rental Easy to Rent!!! NO credit card required! www.carrentalsunrise.com 352-3759090 4-25-43-12 Sun City Auto Sales Bring W-2 Drive home today!! Free one year oil change $1000 discount off the finest price www.sunriseautosale.net 352-338-1999 4-25-43-12 CASH FOR CARS & TRUCKS Running or Not Any Condition352-771-6191 4-6-18-12-12 This newspaper assumes no responsibil ity for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money. The American Cancer Society Road to Recovery Volunteers Needed!VOLUNTEER DRIVERS NEEDEDto transport cancer patients to treatment. Flexible schedule. Training and liability insurance provided. Please call 352-240-5062 if interested. ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIED ADSGET THE JOB DONE!REACH MORE THAN 50,000 READERS EACH PUBLICATION DAY CASH FOR CARS & TRUCKS Running or Not Any Condition352-771-6191 4-6-18-12-13 St. Francis House is a homeless shelter and soup kitchen located in downtown Gainesville, and we are looking for help from volunteers like you. St. Francis House depends on monetary support from individual donors and community businesses in order to help feed the homeless and the hungry.If you are interested in volunteering,please contact the volunteer coordinator at (352) 505-3311 ext 4 or sfhcoor@stfrancis.cfcoxmail.comTo make a donation by mail,please send checks payable to St. Francis House P.O. Box 12491Gainesville, FL 32604 www.stfrancishousegnv.org. 1 For Rent furnished SS & VA ARE WELCOME!$410/BedRoom No Deposit! Furnished Cable Internet Utilities www.campuswalk.co 352-337-9098 4-25-43-1 Remember to tell them... "I found it in The Alligator!" 2 For Rentunfurnished Empty Space? Find your next tenants in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND to place your ad today! 1BR APT $445/moSmall pet ok. 352-372-1201 or 352-213-3901 6-21-18-55-2 ELLIES HOUSES Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 3-28-15-167-2 HOUSE 4BR/2BAAvailable 8/1, lawn care, nice yard, W/D, tile flr, bike to UF. No pets. 3532 NW 7th Ave. See flier $1450/mo. 352-256-8370 4-6-18-12-2 Now you can easily submit your classified adfor print and/or web editionsright thru our website!Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedsVisa and Mastercard accepted. 3 Sublease Dont get stuck with an extra rent payment. Advertise your subleases in the Alligator Classifieds and save yourself some cash. Call 373-FIND. 1 For Rent: Furnished 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 3 Sublease 4 Roommates 5 Real Estate 6 Furnishings 7 Computers 8 Electronics 9 Bicycles 10 For Sale 11 Motorcycles, Mopeds 12 Autos 13 Wanted 14 Help Wanted 15 Services 16 Health Services 17 Typing Services 18 Personals 19 Connections 20 Event Notices 21 Entertainment 22 Tickets 23 Rides 24 Pets 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination. We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis.  All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimina tion in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status.  This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. In Person: Cash, Check, MC, Discover, AMEX or Visa 2700 SW 13th St. M-F, 8am 4pm By Fax: (352) 376-4556 By Mail: P.O. Box 14257 G-ville 32604 Call 352-373-FIND for information. Sorry, no cash by mail. Credit cards or checks only. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND Payment by major credit card ONLY. M-F, 8am 4pm When Will Your Ad Run? Ads placed by 4 pm will appear two publication days later. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds or credits for cancelled ads. Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M-F, 8am 4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Corrections called in Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NOON for the next days paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. Online: 4 Roommates 7 Computers 11 Motorcycles/ Mopeds 13 Wanted 

PAGE 12

12 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 This newspaper assumes no responsibil ity for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money. Now you can easily submit your classified adfor print and/or web editionsright thru our website!Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedsVisa and Mastercard accepted. Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and computer science needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/employment 6-21-18-55-14 Don't forget to tell them:"I found it in The Alligator!" STEAM Play-Based Day Camp HIRING for Summer Master Builder Camp is for kids who like to build and make stuff! For more info visit: www.masterbuildercamp.com 4-6-18-1014 Sun Country Sports is hiring for summer! Camp Counselors, Swim, Gymnastics, Office, Rockwall, Cleaning. Apply: suncoun trysports.com/jobs 4-16-18-14-14 HIV ANTIBODY TESTINGAlachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for appt (optional $20 fee) Need CPR Training?(352) 727-4733 www.GatorCPR.com CNA Prep Classes from GatorCNA.com 7-3-17-108-16 Now you can easily submit your classified adfor print and/or web editionsright thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedsVisa and Mastercard accepted. DRUG PROBLEM?WE CAN HELP! 24 HOURS 7 DAYSCALL NARCOTICS ANONYMOUS1-866352-5323 352-376-8008 www.uncoastna.org pr@uncoastna.org 18 Personals HIV ANTIBODY TESTINGAlachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for appt (optional $20 fee) Don't forget to tell them: "I found it in The Alligator!" Hiring Telephone Interviewers for UF! Seeking telephone interviewers to collect information on a variety of subjects including, but not limited to, academic and business research, health care, and transportation. Pay ranges from $9.75 $10.25 per hour + performance incentive + Paid Training. Search Telephone Interviewer on Gator Jobs! http://jobs.ufl.edu 4-23-18-16-14 Oak Hall School is seeking energetic, creative, and enthusiastic individuals with a love for children to staff its summer camp program. For a complete listing of positions visit www.oakhall.org/employment. Interview process begins April 14th. 4-13-18-11-14 15 Services Do you have a business that provides a service? Place your ad in the Services Section of the Alligator Classifieds for as little as $3.00 per day. Call us at 373-FIND. Affordable Attorney12 Years Experience Call or Text Sam 24/7 904.600.2683 4-2517-86-15 Want to be a CNA? Dont want to wait? Express Training Services now offers a CNA class which can be completed in one weekend. Perfect for busy college students. www. expresstrainingservices.com/ww 4-25-1743-15 INTERIOR / EXTERIOR PAINTING Drywall repairs, caulking, pressure washing, wood replacement, through final coat. Insured. Call Daniel to set up free quote 352535-4642 4-2-18-2-15 14 Help Wanted 14 Help Wanted 16 Health Services Reduce your showertime by 2 minutes. PRESERVE WATER TICK.TOCK. 

PAGE 13

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 ALLIGATOR 13 Want to make a connection?Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love 20 Events/Notices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! $2,500 Healthier Future Essay Scholarship Learn more at: FastSlimBody.com/Scholarship 4-25-20-20 21 Entertainment Get the party started! Place your Entertainment classified today to get people up and about. Call 373-FIND. WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Vintage & Unique Like EBay in 3DSat & Sun www.WaldoFlea.com 12-5-111-21 ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIED ADSGET THE JOB DONE!REACH MORE THAN 50,000 READERS EACH PUBLICATION DAY 22 Tickets BUYING OR SELLING TICKETS? Place your ad here and get results!Visit: alligator.org/classifieds 23 Rides Trying to get to and from somewhere? Want to cut back on that gas bill? Place an ad in the classifieds to find trip arrangements or show off your bus and shuttle service. 373FIND Furry, feathery, scaly...no, not your roommate...pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. Because Cats Don't Understand AbstinenceOPERATION CATNIPSpaying/Neutering Free-Roaming Cats Borrow a Trap / Make a Clinic Reservation Make a Donation / Volunteer New Expanded HoursLots of NEW info athttp://ocgainesville.org/ PUT IT IN THE ALLIGATOR! LOCAL TARGETED EFFECTIVE ECONOMICAL Reach over 50,000 readers each publication day. 25 Lost & Found Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone whos lost what youve found. Call 373-FIND. 1 Smallest chess piece 5 Intl. alliance with a phonetic alphabet 9 Test for fit 14 Where to find Columbus 15 Surrounded by 16 Like a wolfman 17 Made it possible (for) 20 Bit of campaign ugliness 21 In a jittery way 22 Food storage cover 24 Big pic from a small neg. 25 Reason for Fahrenheit 451 fires 31 Yr.s dozen 34 Smoothie berry 35 Pet store cry 36 Resell exorbitantly, as tickets 38 Iowa crop 39 Extreme fear 41 First website page 42 Last Greek letter 44 Lucys sitcom partner 45 Neighborhood 46 Stark in Game of Thrones 47 Achieved desired results 50 Math basics: Abbr. 51 Tweeters titter 52 White ursine critter 58 Hand prettifiers 62 Its designed to elicit a certain answer ... or where the end of 17-, 25and 47Across may be found 64 Dickens Drood 65 Garage goop 66 Opponent 67 Hit __: ran into trouble 68 Wise, as advice 69 Twice-monthly 7-Down 1 Seasoned senators, say 2 If I may say something ...  3 Edith, to Archie 4 Teachers Shh! 5 Uh-uh 6 Confirmation from the congregation 7 Ocean phenomenon 8 Reason for a diaper change 9 Big crowds 10 Phantoms rival, in The Phantom of the Opera 11 Pet store cries 12 Baseballs Hershiser 13 Big Apple address letters 18 Chicago paper, for short 19 Toaster __ 23 Dilapidated joint 25 Breakfast partner of 55-Down 26 __, all ye faithful ...  27 Rowed 28 Verify, as totals 29 Octet plus one 30 If only 31 New Zealand native 32 Early Mesoamerican 33 Bark, Bowser! 37 Phony 40 Sky over Paris 43 Loving and devoted, as fans 48 Library vol. ID 49 Gobbling guys? 50 Gymnast Comaneci 52 Ardent request 53 Voluminous syn. and etym. sources 54 Mowed expanse 55 See 25-Down 56 Water color 57 Ladder step 59 29-Down count 60 Kappa preceder 61 Barbershop sound 63 Barely make, with out rfnttbn rfnntb ttEdited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis 1 Dandies 5 Space Invaders genre 14 Blue dye 15 Quintet that won a Grammy for their a cappella version of Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy 17 s tennis star Lacoste 18 1996 McDonalds offering 19 Gold mine 21 Shellac ingredient 22 Egg, in Ecuador 23 Former Monopoly token 25 Fair-hiring letters 26 Anthony of black-ish 29 Cleaning staff members 31 Sgt., e.g. 32 Hawaiis __ Coast 33 Split-resistant wood 34 Bit of progress 36 Dynamite guy? 38 Its administered by the College Board, briefly 42 Brooding genre 44 Welsh national emblem 46 Downed 47 Mine countermeasure 49 Game with a disc 51 The Lead With Jake Tapper channel 52 Gutter locale 54 Greek strings 55 What Santa Claus makes and gets 57 Ornament 60 Really easy to use 62 Crash __ Me: Dave Matthews Band hit 63 Dwindled to nothing 64 Poetic units 65 Hospital employees 66 Closes 1 Field worker 2 Like the most valuable American Gold Eagle coins 3 Attached, as a ribbon 4 Magical hiding place 5 Minor fight 6 Berliners address 7 Rarely 8 Survey question option 9 Little bit 10 For all time 11 Insidious insider 12 Idle 13 Short cuts 16 Foreign opening? 20 Pennsylvania city where Peppermint Pattie was first produced 24 Folded fare 27 State bordering Arizona and New Mexico 28 Wish Tree artist 30 Here comes trouble type 35 Dancing With the Stars achievement 37 Grown elver 39 Gateway Arch designer 40 Bore witness 41 They may be long drives 43 Musical chairs? 45 Last word of two James Bond film titles 47 Twisted Sister frontman Dee 48 In the plant, say 50 Billy Joel hit with the line I dont want you to tell me its time to come home 51 Cut 53 Salsa __ 56 Socks cover them 58 Set of rounds 59 Young newts 61 Xing one? rfntbtttb rffnt nbnEdited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis 1. Florida States Mike Martin entered the 2018 college baseball season second on the career wins list for a head coach. Who is No. 1? 2. When Maury Wills of the Los Angeles Dodgers led the National League with 104 stolen bases in 1962, the runner-up was a teammate. Who was it? 3. Who holds the Big Ten football championship game record for most passing yards? 4. Name the last NBA center to have a triple-double in which he scored 50 or more points? 5. Bill Stewart was the first American-born NHL coach to win a Stanley Cup (1938). Who was the second to do it? 6. Who was the first Asian-American to win an Olympic medal? 7. Between 2001 and 2010, Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson combined to win six of the 10 Masters golf tour naments. Name two of the other four winners. Answers 1. Augie Garrido (Cal State-Fuller ton, Texas), with 1,975 wins. 2. Willie Davis, with 32 stolen bases. 3. Trace McSorley of Penn State, with 384 yards in 2016. 4. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, in 1975. 5. Pittsburghs Bob Johnson, in 1991. 6. Platform diver Sammy Lee, who won gold in 1948 and 1952. 7. Mike Weir (2003), Zach Johnson (2007), Trevor Immelman (2008) and Angel Cabrera (2009). 2018 King Features Syndicate, Inc. April 2, 2018King Features Weekly Service 19 Connections Eyes Up. Phone Off. DONT TEXT & DRIVE. 21 Entertainment 24 Pets 

PAGE 14

Senior Anna Danilina and the rest of the Florida women's tennis team fell to Texas 4-0 winning streak. Ogunbowale's shot leads Notre Dame to NCAA titleThe Notre Dame women's basketball team defeated Mississippi State 61-58 ing Irish. Follow us for updates follow us on Twitter at @alligatorSports or online at www.alligator.org/sportsMONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 www.alligator.org/sportsBASEBALLBy Morgan McMullenSports WriterThe outcome between No. 2 Florida and No. 8 Vanderbilt on Sunday at McKethan Stadium had become nothing more than a sideshow. Even though it was still a ballgame  5-2 in Floridas favor in the bottom of the fourth  everyones focus was on UF third baseman Jonathan India. India came into Sundays hitting streak. He hit .565 games were multi-hit performances. In short, India has wielded a bat more destructive than Thors hammer. So when he came up to hit in the bottom of the fourth not having recorded a base appearances, it was understandable that the tension among the crowd was rising. The anticipation crescendoed modores left-hander Jackson Gillis made its way to the plate. India clubbed the 92-mph fastball toward right-cenand his streak. His bomb served as one of three homers for the Gators (25-5, 7-2 das sweep of Vanderbilt. For had been swept in conference play. I think that just goes to show you how well of a run theyve been on and what kind of a great program they have, UF coach Kevin OSullivan said. We needed to play at a high level, obviously, to win all three games this weekend. of the season  wouldve lifted him back into the team lead in home runs had outlier. We have fun with it, Florida sweeps Vanderbilt, India continues hitting streak Jeff Pearlman, a feature writer for The Athletic and well-known sports biographer, recently made an observation about March Madness. seed University of Marylandcade or two from now, nobody will remember who won the ship, but everyone will remember the TerVillanova  set to tip off at 9:20 p.m., I can say that I agree. probably one of the most iconic upsets of this young millenium. But until Saturday, this years tournament had a chance to hoist an even bigger underdog to the level of Rudy or the Miracle on Ice. Im talking, of course, about Just compare the odds: It obviously didnt happen, and now few outside Philadelphia and Ann Arbor will remember this seasons champs. But until their elimination Ramblers gave the nation an unforgettable story to root for that just couldnt quite reach the level of Hollywood blockbuster. Nevertheless, Loyola gave sports fans and makes these games so wonderful and im-UMBCs and Loyola-Chicagos postseason runs have implications beyond sportsSweet and Bauer / Opinion Ethan Bauertwitter: @ebaueriSEE COLUMN, PAGE 16 Alan Alvarez / Alligator Staff Vanderbilt on Sunday. The junior blasted a two-run homer in the bottom of the fourth inning. FOOTBALLBy Andrew HuangSports WriterWeek 3 of spring practices saw a couple new developments for Floridas football team. The Gators held a full scrimmage on hosted their pro day on Wednesday. Fridays scrimmage The three-hour-long scrimmage was essentially a dress rehearsal for the annual Orange and Blue Game held this year on All eyes were on the quarterback battle, redshirt sophomores in Feleipe Franks and ed, but Robbie Andreu  the Gainesville corded statistics from the scrimmage on his own. According to Andreus stats, Franks two touchdowns and three interceptions. ing yards came in the second half. three touchdowns and one interception. Its always hard when you get a new playbook in, Franks said after the scrimmage. I think all the quarterbacks did a good job. impressed with his arm strength but struggled with his decision making last season as a redshirt freshman. recovering from a foot injury sustained Sept. 2 against Michigan. Spring Camp Roundup: Week 3SEE BASEBALL, PAGE 16 SEE FOOTBALL, PAGE 16 

PAGE 15

MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 ALLIGATOR 15TRACK & FIELDBy Alanis ThamesSports writerLloydricia Cameron waited four years to hear her name called over the speakers at James G. Pressly Stadium. Shortly after she won the womens shot her left hand and clutched a family members wrist in her right as she received her senior plaque from coach Mike Holloway. And she wasnt the only one. Each year, the Pepsi Florida Relays mark a time when the veterans on UFs mens and the highs and lows of their collegiate journey. And on Saturday, four of those seniors took pete at UFs biggest home event of the season. Senior Day is always very emotional for me. Today, like all the other days, we hug each other and talk, Holloway said in a release. Then to see them all together, all the emotion kind of rushes over me because they all kind of have their own special story. Camerons story includes two SEC titles, three All-American honors and an SEC sportsmanship award. Shes also the No. 3 discus thrower, as well as the No. 4 outdoor and No. 5 indoor shot put thrower on UFs All-Time Top-10 List. Another special story came from transfer Avione Allgood, who has only competed in have been in 2017 after she transferred from Oklahoma. However, an injury kept her out the entire season. The sixth-year senior javelin thrower made an emotional UF debut two weeks ago at the FSU Relays, where she threw for 53.59 meters. Watching her, after the injuries she fought through, it was emotional, Holloway said. You could see the fear in her eyes a little bit. But shes a great athlete. two-time outdoor All-American won the womens javelin throw. And in her short time grams outdoor All-Time Top-10 list. For Darrielle McQueen, Saturday was an opportunity for several members of her family to gather on Percy Beard track to watch the crowd cheer as she received her plaque. In addition to her long jump win on the second day of the meet, McQueen is a ninetime All-American and sits in the top three on UFs indoor and outdoor All-Time Top-10 lists in the event. KeAndre Bates described his journey as a Gator as one that was centered around progress. Ive grown a lot, especially these last two years, Bates said. Its pretty much change, growing up, and seeing what my place in the world is. He has compiled 10 All-American honors, three national titles and three SEC titles. The El Paso, Texas, native was named SEC Indoor Field Athlete of the Year as well as USTFCCCA National Indoor Field Athlete of the Year in 2017. Hes also the seventh man in Division I history to sweep the triple and long jumps at the NCAA Outdoor Championships and the eighth man to record top-three Outdoor Championships. The whole time (at Florida) I was in a chrysalis like a caterpillar, Bates said. Ive @alanisthames athames@alligator.orgAlligator File PhotoThrower Lloydricia Cameron was honored during UFs Senior Day ceremony on Saturday at the Pepsi Florida Relays. MENS TENNIS LACROSSEBy Dylan RudolphSports Writer McClain Kessler had no energy left to give as he walked off Court 6 of the Carolina Tennis Center. With his head down, Kessler was met with pats on the back from coaches and teammates after losing a match-clinching singles contest against South Carolinas Wood Benton. After prevailing over No. 1 Wake Forest on Friday, the No. 10 Gators fell to the Gamecocks 4-3 on Sunday in Columstreak. Have to give South Carolina a lot of credit, coach Bryan Shelton said in a release. They played a great match and were well prepared for us. Floridas struggles began with doubles play. The No. 1-ranked duo of sophomore Johannes Ingildsen and junior Alfredo Perez lost its third doubles match in a row, 6-3. In their previous two defeats, Ingildsen and Perezs teammates picked up their slack. But on Sunday, that was not the case. On Court 2, Kessler and freshman Duarte Vale fell to South Carolinas senior tandem of Gabriel Friedrich and Thomas Mayronne 6-3. The loss win streak in doubles competition. UFs frustrating play continued into singles. Ingildsen  who Shelton time since Feb. 3 against Florida State  blew a 5-2 secondset lead in a 6-3, 7-6 loss to Friedrich. Ingildsens doubles partner, Perez, lost his third consecutive singles match on Court 2 in straight sets 6-4, 6-1. The junior struggled to land accurate shots with his forehand for much of the match. Of the three matches in Perezs current losing streak, he has lost in straight sets each time. On Courts 3, 4 and 5, however, Florida saw a glimmer of hope. Oliver Crawford, who entered Sunday on an 11-match winning streak, continued his impressive run with another win over South Carolinas Yancy Dennis on Court 3. The freshmans 6-3, 6-2 win pushed his overall singles record against SEC opponents to 9-0 on the season. Chase Perez-Blanco rebounded from his loss on Friday against Wake Forest to also secure a singles victory in three sets, 6-3, 3-6, 6-2, on Court 4. The senior from Miami has now won seven of his last eight singles matches. Vale, who tied Fridays dual match against Wake Forest after winning his singles contest, delivered for UF again on Sunday after he came back to win 3-6, 6-3, 7-5 against South Carolinas Mayronne. It was an uphill battle, but several courts, Shelton said. Even with all the momentum, Florida (13-7, 7-2 SEC) still fell short. Kesslers 6-3, 6-7, 6-3 singles since his March 21 return to the lineup. The captain faced multiple controversial calls throughout the match, including one in the third set that caused him to throw down his hat and yell at the umpire. His defeat snapped UFs four-match win streak over the Gamecocks (15-6, 5-4 SEC) dating back to the 2012-13 season. The Gators will have time to recover before they get back on the road later this week. The team will travel to College Station to play No. 6 Texas A&M on Friday. First serves are set for 6 p.m. @dyrudolph drudolph@alligator.orgGators lose nailbiter against Gamecocks By Tyler NettunoSports WriterThe Gators have every reason to be happy. The team remains undefeated in conference play, and its only three losses of the season came against ranked opponents. But junior attacker Lindsey Ronbeck hasnt been happy. We havent really been doing our best the last couple games, she said. The overall play of UF took a dip recently in the absence of two of its leaders, Ronbeck and senior defender Aniya Flanagan. However, Ronbecks return against Connecticut on Saturday proved to be tack. No. 8 Florida (8-3, 3-0 Big East) dominated the Huskies 21-8, and Ronbeck scored six goals and four assists in the win, making her only the second player in school history to score 10 points in a single game. Ronbeck suffered a knee injury in UFs 19-16 win over Navy on March 13, and Flanagan was sidelined with an undisclosed injury prior to that game. Flanagan returned after two contests, but Ronbeck missed the Gators following three. Floridas offensive production took which Ronbeck didnt play. When she es 16.8 goals per game. Without her, the team only averages 12.7 goals. Having (Ronbeck) there I think gives us a certain advantage, coach Amanda OLeary said. The team is at full health for the March 7, and starting with their home matchup against Temple on Wedneslar season with a slew of winnable games. Villanova, Cincinnati and ponents, have a combined 0-9 conference record. Florida, the preseason Big East favorite, is in a good position to reclaim the conference title for a fourth consecutive year as well as make a run 2015. Ronbecks return to Floridas lineup has not only improved the teams the teams mindset moving forward. Senior attacker Shayna Pirreca said that the team viewed the UConn game as a chance for a fresh start, and it certainly got the result it desired as the explosive and now fully recovered UF attack notched a season-high 21 goals. The biggest change right now is the mentality, Pirreca said. Were just trying to stay hungry and motivated. @TylerNettuno tnettuno@alligator.org Ronbeck 

PAGE 16

It is what it is, Trask said. Around Christmas (2017), I was feeling 100 percent. I love being out there. Pro Day The most prominent storyline of UFs pro day was the return of former Gators Antonio Callaway and Matt Elam. Callaway, a wide receiver, did not play in 2017 due to a suspension for his alleged involvement in a credit card scam and chose to enter the NFL draft over returning to school. Elam, a safety who last suited up for the Gators in 2012 and spent three seasons in the NFL, also participated in drills during UFs pro day. First-year coach Dan Mullen did not coach Callaway or Elam, but said hes a big believer in second chances. Theyre part of the Gator family, Mullen said on Wednesday. Former safeties Marcell Harris and Nick Washington were both hoping to prove to scouts they can overcome their respective 2017 seasonending injuries. Harris missed the entire year with a torn Achilles tendon, while Washington missed the Gators his shoulder against LSU. Defensive lineman Taven Bryan, kicker Eddy Pineiro and punter Johnny Townsend were also among the 18 former Gators to participate on Wednesday. @AndrewJHuang ahuang@alligator.org 16 ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 2, 2018 SALES REPOF THE MONTHCONGRA TUL A TIONS! FEBRUARY BENJAMIN SHERRYmajor: advertising April 14th10am 3pmExperience: Big cat feeding, Warthog Races, 28 rare & endangered species!PDQ, Cilantro Taco, Taste Tickets at door $10 12 & over $5 under 12 100% of proceeds go to animal care 8528 E Country Rd 225 more info at: CarsonSpringsWildlife.org @CarsonSpringsWildlife portant. At this point, I should probably mention Im not a big basketball fan. On my sports hierarchy, its in competition with hockey for the No. 3 spot, just as baseball and football compete for No. 1. So in past years, even as someone who came of age as a huge Florida Gators fan during UFs title runs in 2006 and 2007, I never cared to watch the games. Not Floridas, and certainly not any of the others. That started changing when I got to college, and Id say it reached its peak this year. After for the SEC Mens Basketball Tournament, where I familiarized myself with different teams and positions and possible tournament seedings, I was pumped for March Madness to begin. When it did, I couldnt turn the TV off day after day after day. As someone who has never really cared for basketball, I started asking myself why. The answer I came up with is embodied by Loyola, or even by UMBC. In every single game, theres an underdog. That goes for any sport. But when March Madness starts, some underdogs  like Loyola and UMBC  are massive. They face those 20-to1 or 250-to-1 odds that, in some way, we all face. Whether those buy a new house or get a good grade on a paper about something that  despite your best efforts  you dont fully understand. theres always at least one of those big upsets. The kind of upset that reminds all of us, just Thats why I was rooting for Loyola to win it all, or for UMBC to advance past the round of 32. Neither happened, but regardless, Ill remember both teams. I may not remember that they made their runs in 2018, or the tournament, but Ill remember Loyola and UMBC for showing me and the rest of the world that life can be reduced to moments and decisions. And even though sometimes the odds against us are great, they can be rebelled against and overcome. Id much rather remember that than the winner of the Michigan-Villanova game. Ethan Bauer is a sports writer. Contact him at ebauer@alligator.org.COLUMN, from pg. 14 Alligator File PhotoFormer UF kicker Eddy Pineiro was one of 18 players who participated in Florida's pro day on Wednesday. friendly rivalry between the two home run leaders. Its kind of a competition. Every time he hits a home run, Im like, Well, I guess I gotta go hit another. Florida pitcher Tyler Dyson made his seventh start of the season and came away dealing the only damage the Commodores could manage on the day. Vanderbilt (17-11, 5-4 SEC) did, however, load up the bases against Dyson with a hit batsman. he faced, Dyson was pulled by OSullivan in favor of freshman Jordan Butler. The left-hander combined with fellow freshman Jack Leftwich to shut down the Coming just one hit while striking out four. After career milestones from closer Michael Byrne  who broke UFs program record for career saves on Friday  and catcher JJ Schwarz  who tied UFs program record in career RBIs on Saturday  OSullivan presented both players with lineup cards to commemorate the occasions. While hes proud of the accomplishment of snapping Vanderbilts streak of 59 SEC series with at least one win, he laughed when a reporter suggested he give one to himself. No no no, I move on, OSullivan said. Im already thinking of whos going to start on Tuesday. mmcmullen@alligator.org BASEBALL, from pg. 14Leftwich struck out three batters FOOTBALL, from pg. 14Callaway and Elam participated at UF pro day 
