
PAGE 1

ill owI a ija P 44 f I'ihI a. 'C, 0Jo 0 o* 0 10. I. ~ 'ii h .1itS B p I I liii ii ills i 'JI1aij 1111 J f4b I~N' FT ~ I"' I ~iiiiJI liii 4iIlithflL 3 R 1A 

PAGE 2

Teamsters Violence flares as strike hits nation ARLINGTON HEIGHTS, Negotiators went back to ILL. (UPI)--Independent work at the Arlington Park truck drivers were shot at Hilton Hotel outside Chicago Thursday in the early hours of trying .to hammer out, an a nationwide Teamsters agreement between the Union strike that threatened trucking industry and to hobble the nation's Teamsters negotiators econony-from autos to bread representing 400,000 drivers and beer. and warehousemen. Budget Passes House panel WASHINGTON (UPI) -The House Budget Committee Thursday approved a 1977 federal budget $18 billion bigger than President Ford requested and designed to create a million more jobs for unemployed Americans than Ford's proposalBy a vote of 14 to 10, the panel recommended spending $413.7 billion next year, compared with $395.8 proposed by Ford, and a deficit of $50.6 billion, compared with Ford's proposed deficit of $42.9 billion. The committee's proposed budget gives Ford nearly allhe asked for defense. It edls for more spending than the President proposed on food stamps, veterans, child nutrition, social security and health. British pound hits new low LONDON (UPI)-The British pound sank below $1.90 for the first time in history Thursday, undermined by wildcat strikes crippling the nation's biggest automaker and casting doubt on Britain's ability to achieve economic recovery. NBC hit by strike, sabotage NAIROBI, KENYA (UPI),A Rhodesian black nationalist leader said Thursday his guerrilas would escalate their war against the white supremacist regime with Soviet and Cuban help. Ugandan President Idi Amin accused the CIA of recruiting U.S. and European mercenaries to fight in Rhodesia.THE TEAMSTERS INcooling off period under the VOLVED haul 60 per cent of Taft-Hartley Act. the nation's manufactured But such action was not goods. The auto, steel, beer, expected so long as Labor bread, food and gasoline Secretary W.J. Userystilltries industries were likely to be to bring about a peace at the immediately affected. Arington Heights negotiatPresident Ford was reported ions. watching the situation closely, THERE WERE SOME weighing whether to ask the major pockets where trucks courts to order an 80-day continued to roll. Many firms Death penalty Lowisn't unfair F WASHINGTON (UPI)Florida Attorney General Robert Shevin Wednesday rejected the idea that the death penalty falls unfairly on blacks and on the poor, and urged the Supreme Court to retain it as a deterent to homicide. Concluding two days of arguments on whether death is "cruel and unusual punishment" in violation of the 8th Amendment, Shevin said more blacks have been arrested for killing since Florida's new capital punishment law went into effect in 1973, but of the 64 persons now on death row, 34 are white and 30 areblack. D-atelie Red help in Rhodesia hinted SAN DIEGO (UPI)-Union technicians and newswriters struck NBC Thursday, leaving management personnel to run network studios. There were charges of minor sabotage. Child inoculation pushed WASHINGTON (UPI)-Sen. Edward Kennedy, vMass., Thursday urged the government to take advantage of its proposed mass flu vaccination campaign to inoculate children against other diseases at the same time. signed "interim agreements with the Teamsters. This was the case in New York City. But elsewhere violence flared between the strikers and truckers still on the roads. Rocks and debris were hurled at trucks from overpasses in Michigan and Ohio and there were attempts to force rigs off the road. .ponders strike action o blacks: Shevin HE CITED THE FIGURESas proof the penalty is imposed evenhandedlyron. bothraces The nine justices took uder advisenseft appeals from death sentence convile8s in -Florida, (eeOgla, North Carolina, Louisiana and Texas. Degaloma are exputed before the end of the comet's term in Jed.i Thirty-five states enacted new lai 4t the Aotrt sn 1972 invalidated thoun thea on the blsos en of unfair selectivity and atr St ag that these statutes meet the COuWtS objad. Sunny and mild today afterthen atdt s at of this morning's low in the upper 4k. TOday wi he in mid 70s with tonight'slowtobeintheSL, The weekeiid Fair and mild days and ol nights v forecast for this weekend with a very lined chanct of r*in fain, onyou whereveryou are. HIg&s in the 7N lows infthe.Sk BIRRO SALE j MMY wwEW. d c -eor %con~~7fl~sre. ri-Sd.Ssan AHO 4 1Oam-5pM IN THE OLD ICE HOUSE 103 NW 4sh St. 3WFIRM py I I I I I'":Auto SE i Peru a&k T~lE : AIR Con AREO1I AU WAI EXTU *ALLJWAI 1220 300 dIDw iwrtamec 0 GRAB YOUR PARTNER TO BENEFIT KIDNEY FOUNDATION i ITS PANHELLENIC'S 4th ANNUAL 4 MA *11 WHMR:Eeynr { RA1HSKIM is Invited VW: to pc* SATURDAY AM 10 12 NOON GrowdPize 1b SUNDAY "PUL ToriSp.d SIGN UP: Couple PlWaNICOWICE THIRDMOORUIIQNMARCH 29-APRL 2 $Mo, sy F. hvc.pI. s) 0 'e pg 0 0 f 0 I. m 91 wy m 4F W.'em a a I I 

PAGE 3

.6, U) -C a I; ~i) C -I -I 0 a 0 0. kii $ ~ 2 a-1 I r~m 1141 y 4j ]l g] oat ON'~ ~ ~'JO .U j .j. ..*. .......I adn P o I 4 SIP 'q~i~qfisibi, ~ 'll hilt I~ I' i ii m :240.-i Ea0r0A Fri~ ~ ~K r I ~ .1 M40 Aw L 9~~~ I 

PAGE 4

CSEF election will be delayed ,Y,.TOlWJULIN Aligator Staff Writer A collective bargaining election for 15,000 state career service employes -including approximately 750 from UF has been postponed by the First District Court of Appeals. Responding to a delay request from AFL-CIO President George Meany, the court said it would halt the election until it had time to consider a suit filed against the Public Employes Relations Commission (PERC) by the Laborers International -an AFL-CIO affilia THE SUIT against PERC challenges the decision of PERC chairman Curtis Mack to keep the-organization off the ballot because it failed to file a 1974 financial report as required by federal and state law. The action comes after Mack denied ordering a delay. Mack said PERC will go to court tomorrow to ask for a hearing, but that the election will not take place next week "unless we can nersuade the appeals court to lift the order." THE ELECTION had been scheduled for April 5-15 with voting on the UF campus to take place April 7. The bargaining unit consists largely of correction offers at prisons, mental hospital employes, Sunland Training Center workers and food and laundry service emplayes. The majority of the UF employes included in the unit are employed at the J. Hills Miller Health Center. WHEN THE election is held the ballot will list the American Federation of State and County Municipal Ethployes (AFSCME) affiliated with the AFL-CIO, and "no agent." vo er toI eAN IN. 5 The I I i I I &AgeeW Nrwmn dwn4,soma.ofp.m, ~emw~o~a~smsprbbord dMeomwsl ip. The bso+,* awo N. rsiw"4tda's *WeCfWr aa N isw I hill Fl 60::= fw u.,wxaOms0069 N*ELJEWELY N A~rsiramry for mtn & 50% Off em. afbtr,.on's JoweI.rs no appoustmens necm 8So. Main r~Univway mm, -Oe igrn -1 -1 Li III kII S A In" uehs.ss~.gmme.s.~~ sss.~ What are you doing Friday ? CELEBRATE Everyone-ls invited to Trish's Hair House 6900 S.W. Archer Road FREE FREE FREE TODAY FREE Consultations FREE Product samples FREE Refreshments FREE Advice on your hair *LIVE IN PERSON* *SCREAMIN' JEANAND BOOMER* Btoedcasting live from 3-6 Start your weekend off right Cometo our Party!! Newly remodeled Meet the Girls here Eva, Mary, Karen, Ann, Isabel and of course, Trish. TODAY April 2 ALLDAY Celebrating 5 yeas In Gainesville SPECIALTRUCKLOAD SALE On all your favorite RPdh2m & RK products PRICES BELOW RETAIL With adfrouiTuesday's Alligator ---- 

PAGE 5

asiatamle/ex a~2/, Allison to make sure department foo affirmative action guidelines Committees make hiring Suggestions By PAUL ANDERSON used In filling Alligator Staff WrIter Alson will completed bye Four major UF committees are attempting whie hasdliEB to convince admits t onside each ani minoriiesand women when filing 30 to 40 the tp reen$ Omd faculty positions omen UF's partial litng of Ws year-old hiring -' freeze led the University Committet on the fa"lt fur Status of Women, the Association of ALLION .A Wome&Fac*ulty, the Caucus ofBlack Faculty mant t 51 and the Affiruative Action Advisory Council to ask for a meeting with deans addepart. Fehety TT ment ahakwne responsible for ailing the AAAC 5ilMih pods." ivoled iA a HOWEVER, UNTIL Vice P=esldst' fqr T A 1 A ,tdemic Affiars in.ber yangies his .r l 1 appeal of the proposal, no meeting date can Phylli be, *set aim om esad Affirmative Actio coordinator James ^,e-re the dd Allison saM he, thi the idea,tith adeqggte inuI originated In t March 11 Status o# Women B ALIXS meeting Is stilll allv" Wt said he has areadyhstw" initated'his own progau:1r ensuring that cboae to fil "serious search and screen procedures" are wrsh'input fo Lease law m By DENNIS KNEALE shitste, limits n6 6 agie Aliga8ti Raft Wit.r bnit house to no dmte V IA The controversial landlord DR. JUN Cit A tiold licensing law many students city Chief Code Enfureement were aAid would be used Officer Chuck Bel there were against them went into effect too many people liing in her Thursday, and ironically, the son's house, and tiled a first complaint the city complaint. The complaint, received is beImg ad, to~ielp osee peucied, w*ill result in two Santa Fe iaste reqetring landlady Won The landlord lieui law, mawkins, of 182 NW 10 whi c h Cose eu ity Ter. to' force a fourth Development officials resident out. estimated would affect 60per The complaint was fled by cent of Gainesville resmnt Chalky, Santa Fe psychology and as many as 900 UF d English profesor, on. fiviu atob -0 .10,s uri itpff e e Io -chirthe meoo ni seddem of Apri in order to proviWe t to the nmdrtr. ON said many departments talent banks" from which to open positions, lmiting any mn the committees. fated behalf ofher son, Greg Prow., who rents a house at 915 NE 20 Ave. le was having troubles with a guest who has been living with Prow. aed his two roommates without paying rent utrMOl for over a monti, he said. The non-contributing resident refused to move out. HAWKINS SAID she told the unwanted resident earlier this week to move out "within the week." She did not know the complaint was fled. But (See 'House'page 14) IMM 1 10 Res9iod JS vi AA.? joilu Tb ftStanley Gravel andl fien to a man who SoJI gy by Snthe legendary shipExodus woa b manltarjn Award with Pope Paul _8 p.m. Tuesday, April S Advertising Career?9 Start It A t--Adertising majors need more than a degree in advertising-just ask your favoteprofessor AttheAlgatoryoucsn buikdehstinvaluable peesfohosndgs psd attheametlse. Yqu' be arprisedat the motmdyourcaW fosnPart-time lium, week if canvecmpee dAmng4,drpbyandetsarsulon yost adveetissng career. tote K hVhsntor Bettyt*hiser at.3744 Appileatlon deadinse 4/I, The Independent Florida Alligator An Oppnny oI a *eSjtL -Iusssuu F In .4 -M-P, lr M m 

PAGE 6

GET YOUR-*A~ItINAII!! selection e ie alm 'I lf~rn Spreads, Jewelry, Dean sigiq k ** A15 A large selection of men's & women's clothing S.nsi.m 1642 W. Univ. Ave. 0.6 Valerie Reinhold relaxes in her loft-filled room. It is, however, one of many rooms that has to be repainted with fire retardant paint according to UF Environmental Health and Safety Division. Dorm lofts By TOM VEENSTRA Afgastr Staff Welter UF dorm residents have been ordered to paint wc and panelled walls with fire retardant paint,or re along with unapproved caprets by next fall. The order came after a random inspection of 11 rooms with lofts by the UF Environmental Health Division. JAMES T. HENNESSEY, Director of Hiousing,s officials will inspect al dorm roofh this summerte which pass the fire regulations. All approved woodenstructuressuchasloft"aass with fire retardant paint by students theassel structures are not made of class "C" preifini material, which is fireproof. The paint will be furnished to students at S12 to $I according to Hennessey, or they can buy the sp themselves. THREE GAINESVILLE area paint retailers gav ranging from $10 to $18 a gallon. dilennessey said there has been no set date for d inspections, and that this was the responsibility of I area directors. "For all I know, they've inspected them already, HOUSING MAINTENANCE Supervisor Pete I all panelled walls must meet the class "C" fire approved wood construction such as lofts must with the fire retardant paint, and all carpets mustI or less rating according to the National Fire Safe Again Jesus spoke to them saying, "I AM THE UGHT QfHE WORLD. He who follows me will not walk in darkness. But will have the, Light of Life.e BRAKE SPECIAL Complete Broke Overhaul Rom6on o w Wh46 It' : -.n".37 Freign Cats %''-,: WClyde's Tre -SA *n 0. -& 5tk srk -N %Wd sAi ftnbnn l i n at .e.18 .,Um~v Ahe. .he ," .d. -p dM MKCe% .rk*S fk ordered fire proof Materials not meeting these requirements will "probably be removed" by next fal, ceeding to Bennett. He added that-it woWsdbedtoo big of a thing"to remove all the student-built wooden'lefs and walls this quarter. A MMfATORIUM issedby housing lastianuarycurrently prohibits any constructioinin dorm rooms unless it passes the fire code. UF Environmental Healthand Safety Division Director Bill of the fire code and many of them blocking windows and doors. I still think it's a serious problem, especially with people seipisg on them. We're rally very lucky not to have any deaths at alL" Donovant said. DONAVANT SAD the inspection included the 10 housing areas, iicehding two fraternity houses. Donavant said he issueda memorandum three months ago to Hennessey advising him that the lofts were in violation of national and state fire codes. REDRESS In an article in Thursdsys Alligator, staff writer Andrew Froman spelled Grasaroots Trafti Court Chief Justice candidate George Barthalows name incorrectly, and listed Barthalow asa 7AR student. Barthalow is classified 3AS. The article also incorrectly named Kim O'Connell as the Together Party presidential candldate.Kim O'Connor, SLW, is the correct name of the Together Party candidate. The Mllgator and Froman apologize for the errors. xxx RATED mobk homeRmmo Pay as you dfive p 2414 S.W.341kuSt. 04MYO~e What can you do with only a bacnelor's degree? Now there is a way to bridge the gap between an undergraduate education and a challenging, responsible career. The Lawyers Assistant is able to do work traditionally done by lawyers. Three months of intensive training can give you the skills-the courses are taught by lawyers. You choose one o the seven courses offered-choose the city in which you want to work. Since 1970, The Institute for Paralegal Training has placed more than 1200 graduates in law firms, banks. and corporations in over 75 cities. If you are a senior of high academic standing and are interested in a career as a Lawyer's Assistant, we d like to meet you, Contact your placement office for an interview with our representative. We will visit your campus on FRIDAY, APRIL 9 The Inet1 gte for Paralegal Training 235esouih 17th str.a. Phiiadetphi Peensylvna ts1as (215) 73270M Uniforms -bloached or unbloa-Jdheavy weight or lighweight -all sizes sa-t-.upmeotmuthd -leg Wp91kto6s se. T lowest prices In town *" *G 4 W NIUCENTERB" obio Sava-, ids UMWr4r Ity.I,, hi M N PF L m Donavant said h on utrsh empcam vlain r ,. I2 

PAGE 7

WJ'DA W The Corner Drug e Needs Volunteers 15881 OAK by UC Ceul LIning up Circle K members prepare for bikeothon to St. Augustine Thursday. Fuqua's pressure forces Amtrak "reconsideration" By BOB BARNES -N Alligator Staff Writer Even if Amtrak does cut Amtrkffiasi Washigtn oanmeetng the service to Waldo it G P g gue g todaytoe plns"dearlepansatcurai could not do so until afterr3 pIM spoke. womanFidunquas.October 1 and a public Pressure from U.S. Rep. Don Fuquawhose district includes Gainesville -and hearing must be held first. concern from Amtrak personnel in the southeast who "question the wisdom" of discontinuing the service, led to ae and the abundance of outdated equipment "r -mation" meeting, according to Sue Stephens blames for the Waldo Stephens of Amtrak. discontinuance. Currently two trains make stops at Waldo. Fuqua's administrative assistant, Herb The northbound evening Floridian is Wadsworth, said even f AMtrak daMdM to scheduled to be cut, Stephens said, because disesatinue the Waldo service, thaycoNnt there are not enough adequate sleeping cars do so until October 1, when the scjepue of tofsrnlsh both trains. haske routes terminates.hnaddi:6 bsblI UNDER AMTRAK'S proposed changes, hearing on schedulechmngas isit nheld, n the sleeping cars frosts the Floridian will beaccordance with Interstate Commerce removedand reinstalled on the other trainthe Cosumulsion rules. Silver Meteor. The Silver Metaer l en Stephens said, however, onlybaaic routes down the coast from Jacksos slle to Miaati. must be continued unti Oetol I. Since Amtrak iIS.U4 e ih t tWald is hot ineided a a bssie rote, swmM be cut 26 teada AnWab,~ees ak t hW servwa hb ~ eoe*~ o Se~s~ tpe.heee Mry thisw~ te ipes ie t~ ~ ~i~zu ~ Wke lek ale~su~eaa -777-~ I A PRIL.5h1t F"uw my IN 177. 1 lw 

PAGE 8

Mutiny on the flagship When Robert Marston told us hewould uake UF the state's flagship university, we didn't knowhe would ailrt with the anchor. But with a hearty "heave ho," Marston has set a straight course, full seed ahead, to swiftly construct a $14 million coliseum at UF. It's now or never, Marston says. And thus the state Board of Regents will find on its meeting table in Tallahassee Monday Marston's proposal for UFs mass seating facility. We are concerned that Marston may be going overboard. Granted, the $22.5 million in uriar building funds which piled up in the past decade from student-generated construction dollars should be spent on student-oriented facilities. And it could be true, as Marston says often and forcibly, that the U F student body sees the same need for a mass seating facility that heloes. But the point is, nobody has asked the students what they think yet. Perhaps memories of the 1969 coliseum planwhich students turned down 2 to I inareferendum, because higher tuition would have resulted-scare Marston somewhat. But rushing into such a massive commitment without giving due consideration to the students' wishes, or to the possibly burdensome cost of operating the coliseum in a future of dwindling energy resources, is no prudent course for a seawise captain to set. Into this atmosphere of haste comes perpetual Student Body presidentialcandidate Dan Lobeck, down from the rigging with dagger in teeth. Late Thursday, Lobeck and company passed the necessary signatures to put the coliseum question on the April 14 Student Govrament ballot. So students can, at last, say for thenielves whether their student building fundsurplus should go to build their mass seating facility. And so students can decide for themselves how much future students should be forced to shell out for operating the huge facility. But the captain and ship's officers are, for thetime being, keeping a firm hand on the helm. Regents Facilities Committee Chairman Fred Parker, when he heard of the referendum, said he thought it unlikely the regents would delay consideration of the plan long enough to wait on the students' opinion. It would be simple to pass the ,coliseum plan now and rescind it later, Parker said. Logic like that bodes ill for the importance-if there is any-of student opinion in plans that would use their money to build a facility for them to use, and pay to operate. We call on President Marston to reinforce his stated belief that students support a coliseum by asking for a delay in regents' consideration of the mass seating facility plan Monday. If Marston's prediction is accurate, he could approach the regents next month with the voting totals in hand to prove his point. But if Marstpn promotes, and the Regents pass, the proposal %ionday without waiting for the referendum, their total disregard for the students' opinion will be laid bare for all to see. That could mean mutiny on the flagship. Well confreresonce against falls upon us to engage in the most despicable debacle known to humankind since the advent of civilization as we know it. Political eeiman A1 ENrOM THE peasningraeforstudent body president seesas laden with the assalsour propre. However closer exsinaon reveals that all the rash non-promises and shysterins that we have cone to expect is somehow different this time, The difference is thieiasusbelli. Tis time the race has effetively boiled down to being one of conflicting ideologies. ONE ONE HAND we have the Common Sense Party (already an anomaly), a group of fine, upstanding, aspiring politicos whose cause celebth is abstraction. They voke no promises. htEept that they will make UF the most powerful student lobbying force of the nine state universities. They believe that they will attain credibility by mounting a campaign that is more than".mere campaign rhetoric." WELL, WHAT THE hell is a campaign rhetoric if it isn't claiming thatthe particularcampaign is doing away with the usuaL campaign rhetoric? More majosum, rinconnu in this election is what will happen once these bon vivatts grabhold of the reins and start trying to guide the horsesidp of the statessniversity system juxtaposed with what they promise (or don't promise before taking office). Natumlly there is no answer to this because once they get there woa. going to argue with them? They will have their piece of the pie ana wil haag on to it until something better comes along. IS THIS TO say that the NOVA party is any better? Mai non. Lobeck and company ar. tore of a traditionalist nature. They ARE making promisesthey can't keep and while it makes them a little more credible, c'est pas a dire they are worthy of trust. Me judice, it is not that book shortages will end, Servonsation will bs 4esAMpUs, more students will be h.d in pimps of career emloyes orthat the waters of Lake Alice sin part at Diamonl Dan's bidding. LODECK'S -AFFAIRE D'AMIOUIt with power c'est the issue hes. -The. ioe former student vice president wbaadils foree "usfa 0t being in class enough make the-grfde tb= the approval of outgoing president Jim Eaton? Well, this is America and all mtnwer of strangpthings have been known to happen and togetrightdown to itldon'tgive a shit if he makes it or not and stither does my friend Jose. KEVIN BL@OM SATIRE But somewhere there hasgot to besomejusticeinallof this. Likely as not it is that when all the political crap, which mevi y will end up being kedeepby eleetioa time, is settled and you're busy digging yoursE out, takeit aN com grano salis. PERSONALLY, CREDO QUIS absurdum. eI Editor-mnChilf Brian D. Jones Managing Editor Mdi Keirnn News Editor Al Elkns News Editor Garry Hart Special Projects Editor Jose Soriego Layout Editor Keith Brier LoYout Editor Stoort Emmrch Photo Editor George Kochonlec, Jr. Associate Editor Andy Newman Sports Editw GGary Ueaffn Ww'o Editor OWg9mL. Hatch Entertainment Editor Mary Ann Giordono Interim Ge Manager C. E. Barber Adminstrative Assistant Mrs. Evelyn Best ComptroNer Thomm Mod~imora Gookkeeper AmeMo Advertising DirectoreKW*Vnefte Advertising Secretary 'EMebeth J. Winter Production Manager 4ynd6elAsr Circulation and ClAssified Mgra le Min PibitAedby CaMDps COmInunicationsInc. P.O Bax x14257Uniers$OntanG' e lH tOi behind the College Inn, M We Newan 3746. SB -?M4 EXPLETIVE .not d.Ied -7.7 

PAGE 9

"FOR A MAN'S HOUSE IS HIS CASTLE" -Sir Edward Coke When the Gainesville City Commssion adopted the city's first housing code in 1964, it supposedly ended an eight year campaign to eliminate sub-standard hous'ig in the city. The city was following the.exampleof the 1949 Federal Housing Act which loftily promised "a decent home in a suitable living environment for every American family" AND INDEED, GREAT strides have been made by the city to upgrade housing and live up to its promises. In 196), the U.S. Census listed 22 per cent of the city's housing as either sub-standard or dilapidated. As late as 1965, a neighborhood analysis done by the city showed that 16 per cent of the city's 15,655 housing units were sub-standard. Out by 1968, three years after thehousingeodeenforcemen t program began, a survey showed that only 8.5 per cent of the city's housing was considered sub-standard. IN 172 THE figure was reduced further to only 5.3 per cent of the city's housing. However, these figures are misleading because the problem of sub-standard housingstill sexists both in Gainesville and Alachua County. In part, the lower percentages of sub-standard housing in the city can be accounted for because of an increase of 4,837 new housing units between 1965 and 1972. IN FACT, A 1972 Department of Community Developmentsurvey showedthat there still existed 1,082 substandard housing units in the city, with 631 needing major repair and 42 that were dilapidated. County residents are much worse off. A North Central Florida Regional Planning Council report in 1973 showed that 33 per cent of county housing outside Gainesville was deteriorated and that 22 per cent was dilapidated. Residents in thesehouses suffer from inadequate plumbing and bathroom facilities, a lack of protective window coverings and rotten structures with holes in exterior walls, all of which contribute to a considerable health problem. IN GAINESVILLE, THE problem of sub-standard housing exists because of the housing code enforcement program. Drawn up II years ago, the programcallsafor certain sections of the city to e given a thorough inspection only in certain years. Because the cycle is nearly six years long, the program has worked fine in some of the better neighborhoods which need Birth controls are necessary EDITOR: Ellen McCormack felt so strongly against abortion that she will run for president to stop it. And while this fact may demonstrate that anyone can run for president, I won't (who can run against the NRA) and yet. have something to say about abortion. I must admit, abortion kills fetuses, many of whom might otherwise live and perhaps write great poems, books or symphonies about the horrors of unhappy childhood. AND YES, it's true that there is a shortage of healthy white babies up for adoption, but this is untrue for any other baby. They call themselves the Right to Life campaign, and life was named as a right of all U.S. citizens. Of course, legally, a baby becomes a citizen at birth. However, the next two phrases of that often quoted clause condemn anti-abortion to unconstitutionality. YOU ARE GUARANTEED the right to liberty, and our potential mother has liberty over her own body, which undeniably includes the fetus, but not a post natal child. Furthjtuor, th is the right to pursue happiness. This is difficult fnot iapoWible when the government imposes a child w" h#ots dont eant, and can't afford. It is even more difficulttog the ild, whp has pareit(s) who don't like him and ca -d t reprobably resent him. Who is crue SooWs the death of an unborn fetus o p shimin hel? The potential children the chance won .with those, for fetuses are a to stop tradgedy ins potent the right of a baby to a loving home. SOMEDAY THIS CbUNTRY may be educated enoug that fifeen yearoll's may have the pillinsteadof children, but until that tim, let the trauma of abortion and related pnsequseces be enough punishment instead of the traueo( birthh so often accompanied by hasty and illco ilpj#9 ilarrusges, dropping out of school for a lousyjob, and and despair. R. Preston McAfee .4AS The Alligator's future, part two: Pocket Pocketa Pocketa. That, former Alligator Editor Ron Sachs tells us, is the way the mimeograph machine sounded on October 5, 1971, as it churned out illegal leaflets into the night. The flyers pouring forth from the clattering innards of the mimeo were simple. Just 16 addresses and 22 phone numbers. The list-which had been pulled fromthe pages of The Alligator by UF administration-told coeds where to find reliable information on legal, safe, clinical abortions. It was against the law. Back then, not only did Florida's century-old abortion law prohibit women from arranging a clinical abortion in the state, it also prohibited news media-like The Alligator-from publishing information on where abortions could be legally arranged outside the state. The law was unconstitutional. Sachs knew it, and the Florida Supreme Court later backed him up. But the administration, under the direct orders of then-UF President Stephen C. O'Connell, was determined to withhold the information from The Alligator's readers. After the UF Board of Student Publications approved the list for publication and O'Connell prohibited its publication anyway, The Alligator staff voted uianinouslyito print and distribute e; abortion referral leaflets. Pockets Pocketa Pocketa.The Mimeo clattered on into the night. Sachs was arrested, the case was thrown out and the bad law was nullified. Florida got a new abortion law and Florida's women got the right to obtain safe abortions in their home state. But O'Connell, infuriated by The Alligator's independence and defiance, soon propelled the newspaper into precarious independence, cutting its student funding and expelling its. JOSE SAR tO0 STAFF WRITWINGS inspectionlessoften, but it has failed to detect housing in need of correction in the older, deteriorated n ighborhoods. For example, a house on the east side of town with more than 10 major housing code violationsihad not been inspectedsince 1971. AND ALTHOUGH ANYONE may complain about housing code violations to the city HoustngDivisionmany of the residents of the deteriorated neighborhoods are unaware of the code's provisions or are afraid to report violations because they fear being evicted from their homes should their landlord refuse to make repairs. So these residents, mostly blacks and the elderly, many of' whom live on welfare-or Social Security, keep quiet about substandard conditions. The solution to sub-standard housingin Gainesville must be a new code enforcement program which will send inspectors into deteriorated neighborhoods more oftes.CHIEF HOUSING INSPECTOR lohn Howze already. has recognized the problem with the enforcement and his OPINION BRIAN D. ONES operations from the J. Wayne Reitz student union. So here we are. Going broke and staying free. Some are concerned that The Alligator's present proposal to sell bulk subscriptions to the student body, faculty and staff will curtail the independent spirit which forced us to serve our readers-in 1971, even though it meant facing arrest. Some are worried Student Government orthe administration will attach strings to their bulk subscription payments, and The Alligator would bow to those demands rather than do wothout the funds. Not a chance. We are attempting to sell our newspaper, your newspaper, campus-wide at a penny an issue. It is offered to Student Government and the administration as is. We will not-we cannot-except one iota of control from either body in accepting a bulk subscription without betraying you, our readers. Even if it neans turning down the bulk subscription funds which are desperately needed to keep The Alligator, m a business, alive and healthy, we would not accept any type of control. Even if it rneant going broke. And even if it meant cranking up thages .4vmeograph machine to print the information that serves yostsssvreaders, five mornings a week. PocketsPocketa Pocketa. .1 Strings on.funds? Not chancee Gainesville stillhis id@ii u bg office has drawn up a new programwhichwillredusaethcycle of inspection for these deerioratedseighborhods from six years to -three. However,three years is too long an interval for a substandard house which is on its lastlesLsW*potideycle should be shortened further to only oneLear n sa tm ethe city's worst neighborhoods, such asthe one bordering Waldo Road where 25 per cent of the 139 units need najor repair. We urge city commissioners, icpecifly Aaron Gree!,-who as the only black member of the uasnnissimoMn should Pe particularly aware of the problems ofho sng forhispeople to adopt a newcode enfocement program Wilicbwilindindea provision for special and frequent inspection of the worst city neighborhoods. IN THE COUNTY, a large portion of teriorated and dilapidated housing in thesmallercommuaitlecanbediectly attributed to the lack of a minimum housio ade,aeeording .to the Regional Planning Council's 1973 report. Currently, there is no regional plan for a program of housing improvement. Furthermore, only one of nine cities in the county outside Gainesville has a housing code and none have an enforcement program. The Alachua County commissioners should adopt a county-wide minimum housing code and implement uniform enforcement programs aimed at rehabilitating housing. ONLY IN THIS manner can the dilapidated homes of the poor and disadvantages be transformed into castles worth living in. i 

PAGE 10

4f 704 8.W.2ad Ave. Wishb(one Pried Chicken Deathand yn Macab. advertising for a multi-media presentation 'If I should die--' sponsored by Campus Crusaders for Christ. Area unaffected by strike Although a trucker strike is threatening to in the Jacksonville division saw, products cripple the shipping industry in the U.S., ranging from dog food to soap powder are regional distributors for the Gainesville area obtained from Jocat warehouses. are not worried about stocking their stores. Beck added that many products are obThousands of teamsters went on strike tained from ships entering the Jacksonville Thursday when agreements on a new national Port. contract could not be reached by negotiators. herbert Hickox, manager of Certflsed George Forsythe, vice president of Publix Grocers, which owns Majik Ma t, said Markets for the Jacksonville Division, said he most of the products the stores use omen into Aid not anticipate any problems within the regional warehouse by railroad. the next few weeks. "We don't anticipate any problems," Hickox Public truck drivers are not union members -said. and many of the products on PublIx's shelves John's Beverage Co.,sald they send their own may be obtained in the area, he said. non-union drivers to Tampa to pick up beer Glen Beck, head of Publix Market shipping and other beverage purchases. Tower being watched Students wandering across major tasks. Funkhouser said the hazing campus may notice that In addition to the tower they cerembonies, such as the Century Tower is being have a quizzing series-the quizzing, pertain to things guarded by uniformed men in initiates have to learn al sorts learned on the drill team. blue-but they're doing it for of information and then they The new members wil be personal reasons. are tested. They also have to formally initiated this According to ROTC L. Col. invent drill of their own:' he Saturdayeveingsta banquet Bob Funkhouser, the guards said. in the Flagler Inn. are new members being initiated into the Billy MitchellDrill Team, which Gannon will return marches in Gator Growl and local parades. Afer asiimasmth babeesex-prhethAem i (addm. wil be "Over the last ten years as teaching at UF again tis sumame. part of our initiation new Gamnon, who Is eappilo hutalssed Inter db aw, 1A members have been stationed teach Florda history be e s 1W aW Reigums of the W$ at the tower. It's just one of next quarter, according to history ad d5. eaw the samykhazings these kids chairmaem. are assigned,"Funkhousersaid. GANNON IS quietly studying Amercan 'atholic inFunkhouser said that the telectual hietosy at the UnivensIty .1 Nstse I Bolh initiation "gimmicks"last for Bend, Indiana. Be is a full pM aeseor end Jiet nainber of one week, and there are six "th'Oi*l i isttery ihad'rfio.a dE1pak isk t UP. 10 0. 'pm. Fri. 10 n.m. '9 gm. Sat. 10 O.m. -pm. 3333 S.W. Ardimr td. at the n pim, f 34thSts NEW We are now srving Bar-B-Q Ribs in addition to the best fried chicken in town. Come pay us a vis it. ICE CREAM in 12 assorted flavors ) IF P 

PAGE 11

SpesiaI program my enbonce MCAT score By MARNA JACKSON Alptor seaff Wrter Someone trying to be admitted to medical school canspqibly improve his chances of a bighcofmnpihe MCAT exam by taking a Stanley aweqoes -if he has the money One timrXe, s took ha4 MCAT exam twsce. B~epbiaisqsond attempt he took the Stanley Kapqs arationcourse. HE IMPVED about 200 points on his second exam c-re. "The course i well worth it and I would do it again,'tlse student said. He saiW the test was very beneficial, but was also expensive.-The totalcostis $250 with an additional $50 refundable fee for the take home mateila. THE COU&8E covers all areas of general knowledge wltl-emphasis placed in the math and sqienIfibas "'The am t and science parts were very helpful, espeelaly science, which reviewed things you would never remember," he said. The student -who-asked thathisname not be used -said be saw some of the exact same questions on the MCAT exam that were on the course teats. He estimated about 15 questions were identical. "THE KAPLAN COURSE seemed to know which amis the MCAT was gong to emphasize," he said. GainesvilMe has a Stanley Kaplan educational center headed by Marilyn Rothman-'. ROTHMAN SAID the Kaplan organizationn ih operation since 1938. She said ther are no records of the success of the courses, but added the company "has existed for 37 years so there must be some rate of success," she said. "One girl who took our course increased her MCAT score by 125 points."I The MCAT course is taught by a graduate student in masnWl science.EACHES51MN is four hours and there are about -ght sessions per course. The students abs phovidd with a home study pack coveringftbjcts like biology, chemistry and zhath, "Our course also gives test-taking jechniqsses hich is a great asset," Rothman said. She saWiW htsa*le is a -review and the student tibW a firr4sour test which provides him with fi e k a how well he would do on the MCAO 9ssqm. ROlIUVAdMIAD she is not familiar with any otheI IsIpmation courses, but said the Kaplan eoul -was "not just a $3.95 book spiffed up 'The whole Idea -is repugnant to me, but If a student did poorly on his MCAT, I would recommend that he take the course to raise his score# says Asst. Dean Dr. James Deyrup "I know none of the other offered courses are as extensive," she said. Dr. James Deyrup, assistant dean of pre-professionaleducation, said he has mixed feelings about the pre-exam course. "THE WHOLE IDEA isrepugnantto me but if a student did poorly on his MCAT I would recommend that he take the course to help raise his score," Deyrup said. He said a student would probably benefit more from the Kaplan course than from selfstudy. Deyrup said students are not penalized for taking the Kaplan course, but some committee members don't care for the idea. "One member saw where an applicant had raised his MCAT score and remarked "He must have taken the Kaplan,"Deyrsp said. BUT DEYRUP added changes in the medical test may eliminate the effectiveness of the Kaplan program. The Association of American Medical Colleges has implemented a new testing program to replace the MCAT exam in the spring of 1977. "The proposed name for the test is MCAAP and I have heard that it hopefully has been designed as Kaplan-proof," Deyrup said. THE NEW MCAAP examination will assess achievement in reading, quantitative skills, biology, chemistry and physics. "The verbal part of MCAAP willemphasize', reading skills considered essential for medical school and continuing medical education," he said. "Also the math and science questions will be generalized instead of given as specific problems." MR POP r ANJ'OUNIt.G CL RecLwm Of "OR lc CRcetions which Aim to expre ss in Mdalt I Visit us during our open house,at #8S. W. Ist Avenue April 5th through the 10th during the hours of l0am to 8pm 377-0357 IiRLW(L n Street of Shoppes' !O i-o c ******e ****** A SPECIAL LECTURE ON 3,.4** ********. 

PAGE 12

144 'Ii [I I444 5 U. 0 -a U U 'ft 0 V 0 i 0 00 Iji~$1 ~Ii*i Iad1~ j1.~J i'~ I 'S II 101! I S 4 I 'I I *1 a 1 1 *a b -m1 1 M EEN N E N"~I~ t f t t ~ j jogRt1.1 I ,Ij~jA iP~ j ~ ~ ~ l ~ '. ~4~ J~ I~I~ih!t .~ ; f , c I ii llj its 'I TVSSb~ Ai l fil so A,.-3 4.2 a V 44 1 1U 0 k 0 j jOjbj 3 All dimILI h I I 

PAGE 13

ine cops a Io'e0y bree By DENNIS KNEALE Afigater Staff Wrker EDITOR'S NOTE: An Aliawor pWpesm sde 'with a Gaineswlle animal word m two de lt tr.I The job of a dogcatcher is a low peYin, thankiess oc. cupation filed with heas-break invite puvk animosity. Despite a general disgust and hatred portrayed by much of the public towards dog catchers, most Gainesvlle animal wardens see their role as a duty, and they udlieve they are "helping out."I Gainesville Police Department (GPD) Animal Warden Supervisor Lee Padgett, 30, has been a dogcatcher for "oh eight to ten years." He estimates 50 per cent of the public dislikes him as a dogcatcher, and he says "it hurts." A COUNTRY BOY, born and raised in Gainsville, Padgett owns two dogs himself, one, a bulldog named "Bull", that he found while on the job. Padgett said many people fail to realie that most of the animal wardens are animal lovers. All six GPD animal wardens own pets, he said. In general, the public believes the dogcatcher does a disservice by picking up dogs and cats that could possibly end up being put to sleep, Padgett said. When dogcatchers pick up strays, they eliminate health problems, prevent people from getting bit, and prevent the animal from being hit by a car. While on patrol, animal Animal Warden Supervisor Lee Padgett: 'I think I'm just an animal lover" wardens alsowatch for reported lost a dephat hve bitten someone-and may have Issaa eait dined pox to the saiesp aL ?ADGETT Y*WShsjbwah m~eP "Ithink rmijust a animal lover, a d=job thanotheriwond wththem (dogsaned" e Padgst often r eeves criticism or it cmn nts or pugna~ga sai rukle mg at 0t known What 10thaen to I "It's hard someies picking up an animal you kpowmigsht be out to deep." he said. GAINEVILLE DOGCATCHERS blae the owners of dog theypick up for letting them run hie, whie de owners and uninvolvedpublic blame the dogesthera. Many persons readily voice their opinions. "I've had peoplesit right acrossfro me and cane a son of a bitch, and I just sunile,"he recalled. The animal wardens must bear the brunt of public anger. Their personal lives are invaded, theiranumlies threatened. (Padgett is now on his fifth unlisted phoneum bd And they must put up with it all, and keep therf Wtrationidde. "The pflblic always watches you, especially in a job lke ours. They're almost your boss. You have fo hold your temper and be more courteous to the people." "WHAT REALLY GETS YOU is when you ask someone 'whose dog is this?' and they just look at you. Or I inock on the door, and they open it and just slam the door in my face," Padgett said. With the daily hassles and confrontations, Padgett said he still likes his job "most of the time." "It's not that good of a job. Once I got stated though, I liked it because I know Ilam helpingout; I'm doing good. You learn about other people, and you learn about yourself. When peoplethank you, you feel real good. t don'tthink about the public not liking me. I know they don't, but Idon't lose any deep over it," Padgett said. IE JOBI has its physical hazards als.Padgett eatmated he has been bittsmby dogs or cate moreta100 Deiss Lately, he has been fortunate-he has not beeainjred on the job i 10 months. "Even when you get bit you don't feel angry toward the dog. You get mad at the owner for letting itnt,"he sai. Each dogcatcher has his own madhodof coming stray animals. Most ot'the time, they try to cmeathe dqneer them so they can put the anial in the track nithost fines. Other times, the warden will folow the dog home and talk to the owner. Wardens use a tranquiliner gun as a last resor Padgett sak. "If the dog looks lke he wants to eeme to me and he's waggingthat ta, rIltalk to him for an hour to get him in the truck. Sone of dem cm right over to you. We don't treat them mean, we justtalkto thems lkekid." he said. PADGETT SOMETIMES finds it hard to take a dog away from someone who is polite and understanding. Children he said are his main weakness. "You try to give the public abreak. Aoet of kids like us. If I put a dog on the truck and a kid starts holleting I'll take the dog offrigst away and give it to him. Ill try to lad the owner and talk to him," he said. GPD has four animal wardens patrolling 16 to 18 hours every day. TheAlachua County hdi's Department has three dogcatchers who patrol areas outside Gainesville. GPD Sgt. Wilmo Sheppard explained the need for animal control. "If we didn't pursue the animals, they'd push us out of society. It'd be a dog's world. After all, we are the master race," Sheppard said. ANIMAL WARDENS either patrol areas where stray animals are commonly or are dispatched to a scene by radio. Each day varies in the number of cals, sometimes busy, sometimes boring. The department answers an average of 10 to 15 calls a day. Once out on the rod,the boredom the a job can set in. Wardens can go hours without a cal. At other times, they receive three or four calls to answer tontime. "I like to work like hell. When you *of like hell, the time passes fest", adgeft sk Each case is dealt with individIlly, and it is up to the dogcatcher as to whether a pet is impounded. Wardens also may issue a citation requiring $35 bond and court appearance. 'he judge then determine whether to raise or lower the ne. IN A TYPICAL CALL. a middle-aged *oman complained that a small mongrel had taken up rsiene in her yard. Padgett drove up before the cottage-lkehouse in his rickety, dirty white tru.:k. A fat, fum black cat, uninterested in the activity, laid on tho "rnt poe,'sntil the cosplainant lAer t the usall dog to Padgett. "I hope he finds a good home." ie akL The dogcatcher carriedon a polteconversation will her for about 10 inmates and left, d in truck. (See 'Dogeat'her' po r 14) ... I a 

PAGE 14

Friday & Satuday MNlht at Dubs. TheChick-Adee Special. Fre."'vi~~n "" by* do' 1 for~oen. 7 tr@ rtb P, C1py 25 ~e~q~~ 1~tii~hR #ub imilhaF FOgrjtM C AQN WHAT'S HAPPENING Ip LAURE MA JVI hj NC.I Aigator SteM Wsitef ride n. rt r I pre-iad or pr-dent students are urged to BREADJNE: The Newman Cubwihosta a and s F & aIess l aaew Fiyfro supper Friday from 6 to 7 p.in. at the Catholic Student Center p.m. to midnight i.NprimanGym. Everyoneis invited to come lounge. Admission for adults is 75 cents, 50 cents for children. and have fun. Proceeds go to the Guatemalan Relief Fund. DOCUMENTARY: A free movie, "The Lost Manuscript,SING ALONG:The Newman Club is having a sing along at will be shown Sunday at'8 p m, at the Latter.-,y nt the Catholic Student Center lounge April 4 at 8 p.m. Institute of Religion. 1220 SW 5 Ave. The movie tells the KIDDIE SHOW: There will be a free movie for children of early inhabitants(pre-indian)of Americas. Refreshments will students, faculty and etafftsidyfrps0 tpsa 2Apon e served Walt Disney's "That barn(dat" Qinda Road Runner'cartoon FOOSBALL: The UF FoosballClubwill meet Saturdayat I I are scheduled. It will be at the Maguire Commons Building. a.m. in the Union games area. Singles and doubles WELCOME: There will be a free welcome party for area tournaments are scheduled. residents at Maguire Village Saturday afternoon. A free keg, SCI FI: The Science Fiction Society is having a meeting soft drinks and a grill for cooking your own food will be Friday at 7:30 p.m. in the Union room B-60. provide. FIlP: There will be a statewidojudo tournament for men and RUSH: Pi Kappa Phi fraternity will hold spring rush on women this Saturday at 10 a.m. Registration starts at 8 a.m. in Friday and Saturday. Call 376-9122 for rides. the Florida Gym. The public is welcome to come and watch. CHECKMATE: The ChessClub meet Friday at 7 p.m. in the SENIORS: A senior judo tournament wiflbeSaturday at 10 Union. a.m. in the Florida Gym.Weigh in startsat 8 a.m. It is LITURGY: Greek Orthodox Liturgy, in Greek and English, sponsored by the UF Judo club. will he held Sunday at 12 noon at St. Michael's Episcopal GRASS: The Grassroots Party is holding a slating table for Church. Coffee will be served. Senate Candidates Friday from 8 &m. to 5 p.m. at theUnion EASTERN: Eastern Orthodox Liturgy will be Sunday at 11 colonnade. Students from all colleges are welcome. a.m. at The Student Center. Confessions will be heard at 10:30 LICE 'EM: The Stamp and Coin club willhave a meeting a.m. Coffee will be served following the liturgy. Saturday from I I a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Union, room 9-75. PIZZA 'N DREW: The Gainesville chapter of NOW is having Anyone interested is invited to attend. a beer and pizza party Friday at 8 p.m. at 1027 NW 40 Drive. CONFERENCE: The deadline for registering for the There will bea small charge for refreshments. International Student Conference, April 16-18, in Leesburg is HILLEL: "The organized Jewish community-what makes it April8. Admission is $5 per person. It is sponsored by the tick?" will be the topic for discussion at the Hillel center, Baptist Student Center. R Friday at 8:30 p.m. Mr. Milstein is the speaker. AIKIDO: the UF AikidoClub offers freeclasses for beginners ORGANIC: EAG Organic Gardens wil have a meeting in the morning andevening. Call Dr. Khol, 377-6891,for more Saturday atIl a.m. at the garden plots. information. House H Witiaction tirne fast approchlrg, (from page five) didn't leave, Prows's mother in which students vented a Opp said he looks upon the rnanryof you will no doubt be traveling the reasons whythe complaint acted and fMed the complaint. room fpm an owner who was new ordsnane as a "masoft to M*x**. So;e of you night even be was 6 ite rt -.tpla "My son diMn't want to have unaware of zoning laws. moss effective limitst ,' i c g00 a. Hpfare some helpful how the ordinance can to be the bad guy, so I did it," Otherwise, tere.has been no overcrowded singhe-anit use t on'sadvntge Chalky explained. problem, -Opp saMd homes. be used to one's advantage. a buoalwys has the Prows, a second quarter HW IS H aday negl ob business student at Santa Fe: said she was unaware the Red auna, ~~complaint had been file, and D ac _______awa ~g. Fe u .., ha'alo*9S2.ahatodhefouthroommatgDog catcher21aing a shotof to leave before then. nessey live together in a "H lled ome lastl Codown olar is not house. When Hennessey's week and asked it it was (from page 13) thought to be humorous. out-of-town friend decided to Wrightdoktayforaw il d3. Fallingtontoacacug, even an stay for a while, he ended up gt sy "Actually she doesn't ike us (dogeatehers) at al. But lien actual Cuervocactug,:an be living free with them for over Itodhmnoandthat e had we're doing something for her, she's nice to us. That's how a stickypropoeition. a month, Prows said. t exmost people are. But if it was her dog, things would be 4. It is tough to findbalmburger Prows and Vauman wanted P laed. different," PadgeMt sai later. the uninvited guest to leave, Since the complaint has been THESE TYPE of complaints are common. A stray han rolls n t tows; it Hennessey did not. According filed, Hn sey's riend is around a house for several days, andthe resident doem't wa* best to bring your own. to Prows, they tried several legally required to move out, it, so be calls the dog catcher. In ny cases, the com methods of convincing the and the law is the "bad guy," plaintant likes the stray, but cannot keep It use ha or she non-paying roomate to leave not Prows or Vauman. already has a pet. without success. UF OFF-CAMPUS Housing Riding in a dogcatcher's truck is anything but inPROWS SAID HE did not Director Carl Opp said conspicuous. Rusty iron bars enclose an otherwide open area want to just come right out Thursday he did not have any in the back of the vehicle, while smaller cages inside hold and tell the guest to leave. "I students coming to him for newly found animals. don't like to treat people relocation to comply with the Padgett says he can feel the stare of the public melting a bole bad," he explained. new law. A small number of right through him, as passersby look sympathetically at the IMPORTEDANO D 891 E = K HATFOFD.CONN. When the twostudents cases was handled "of the animals held captive. Some people curse the dog catcher, or decided to move if the visitor same nature as in past years," throw rocks at his truck asbe drives by. I 

PAGE 15

AM.a 4GV6AM "I have had a lot of success sekitg books this way" *nts use billboards to sell many books Dy TOM WARD way is that students can usually get more than for them. were avaIlable, but dhwlob fri 0 Siaffwr ta the 50 per. cent for used books given at the "Also, another reason I used signs and Malone'Sook Store and the Camps hAp Campus Shop and Bookstore, Florida posters to sel my books was because the and Bookstore indicated that book buy-backs Ands v0. everything from Bookstore and Malone's. period of time that the stores have for buying probably have increased. Yugas a l hammocks" to ACCORDING TO Brian Pendleton, 5EG, back books is short and had expired," he Bill Seanah, director of Malone's, sald,"I the upcombag Casn'gras 76 students are "Bookstores only pay 50 per cent of the added. haven't compared the figures but weprobably again soling tek used and unwanted books original cost for used books while selling the Mark Barfield, lUC, ageeed,"Haf-prceir en'hsgisW backlmior'bo ks this quarter." through bt% twrd posters. books myself, I've managed to get between 60 a book is not fair. Also, the times at the end of "THIS IS probably due to the increasing The chifdadvantage of selling books in this per cent and 65 per cent of the original cost the quarter when you sell back areinprices of the book," he added. convenient." Sam Getzen, director of the Campus Shop Rodeo offers calf dress ing BARFIELD ADMITTED that one big and Bookstore, agreed, saying that book problem with posters is that many of the buy-backs probably increased even though he By MARY LINHARD books aren't sold, saying that he and his has no facts as of yet to prove it. the schedule, but the rodea club couldn't get roommate had several inquiries but had only Also, in commenting on the current 50 per rany wild cows, according to Outlaw. sold one or two books. cent given in buying back books instead of the Want to earn some easy money, girls? The club's 18 members are staging the rodeo, Another problem of putting up posters is original 60 per cent that was given until a few Just dress a af in a T-shirt and shove it with $3,000 from the Agricultural Council. that they are frequently torn down or someone years ago, by the Campus Shop and Bookacross the finIsh line at the Second Annual David Miller, first president of the 2-year-old puts another poster on top of it, according to store, Getzen said, "We stopped giving 60 per Jackpot Rodeo, for a share of theS150 prize club, described a good preparation for riding Mike. Hartzell, 4AS. cent for used books to avoid having an unfair money. bucking horses and bulls. Jump on a barrel "I had a tot of success selling books in this advantage over the other stores." SEVEN EVENTS are scheduled for connected by ropes to four posts, and the way, but usually I have to go back every other GETZEN SAID that the -10 per cent difSaturday, April 10, on the ROTC drill field. A rough ride is well simulated. day and make sure that the sign hasn't been ference between the old price of 60 per cent three-girl tam !and 515 are required for entry A FEW BOYS got together two years ago torn down or covered up," he said. and the current price of 50 per cent is placed into the rdraslfg event. Bull riding, calf and started the club, said Miller. ANOTHER WAY'in which students can sell in a fund to benefit [UF. roping, bar*hock riding and steer wrestling "Our ultimate goal is to compete with other their books is through the Student GovernLast year, this fund amounted to more than are among the events open to more clubs across the nation," he said, referring to ment Book Exchange, located in room 365 of $12,000 and was used along with some of the :xperiencsd cowboys and cowgirls. the NationalRodeoAssociation. the Reitz Union. Paula Glassberg, 2UC,(who bookstore's profits to help naintaia the Laverne Outldw, president of the UF Rodeo Meanwhile, competition within the club is works at thi book exchange) said, "Students University Press .Collecties of Ae UF Club, said last year's rodeo was a success and encouraged by giving out awards for fill out a card for the book, with their name, libraries, provide general art&loui Merit expects 2,000 spectators this year. Admission successful participation in rodeos around the address, boo% title and how much they want Scholarship Funds and ameqthertlngto is free. state. This year, said Outlaw, Jill Nelson, one for the book. If it is sold, we send them a provide new stage lights fr he Cosima Two m rm o at year, but"just like of five female members, may win the pr i ze check." Theatre. football,"saMNQtlaw,tberes arisk "cowboys "buckle." The cost to the student for the SG Book "The general ana of are all 1 HOWEVER, HE insisted that you don't Esehang is 10 cents per book. Getzn, "isto try to beo4a WILb Mhg ,-as almost included in have to be a great rider to join the club. Amongthearea book srm, o final figures the moat students at the t *0000000ee0e0*e00eee0ee00eebO*0000S@ 0 0 0 it I -~ 54L-~ S 81 as,. nr ame GAINESVILLE'S NEWEST RESTAURANT A LOUNGE NO LUNCH -11 AM TILL 3 PM DINNER -4 PM TILL -0 PM SNACKSII PMTILL IAM m m ~ m os m U5E HRIMP@ 9 IOUR -4 PM. A H04 KENSJ .arsA t I -, -s NIG SERVING! THE ST COCKTAILS? IN TOWN S 0 RAW BAR to 6 PM M'imoY *nav SOUND 0 0 CRAB HU STEAMED CRABS 0 STEAMED S 0 MONDAY THRU FRIDAY -HAPPY I 0 THIS : FRIDAY and SATURDAY -MYSTIC RAVEP 203 SW 16th AVEI FLQ O TKE 40000000000000001000 e~ Qv- 

PAGE 16

4 0 f fig 1b. 1 p 1 We M[ I-IOU g I -Irr-. z 30 4 Oat4 w n 40 N% RiN ifjoil I I ~ 3ifrI TI3 Vi h 81p!! I-r1t j I0 M I q. 12 ~ I iN [I I fjll a fix I I 111. f~ ij t XII =,:, I r fj'jI ~ III '~. jf~i ii ~ ft iii' in II I Hi> 

PAGE 17

t I c 0. c .-.et V) so Its SO a IT T I ij 2 LC of* -ii N 7 1 ]g-OS r I j I V) U. CL -60 I~ r -P MI L, 2~~ h As C4 CL Cii10 cI 4 4 r if!!1] F ~ I~Ii" : h I awl H hub J~x. oK OE 21) ZI S I I I I P4 Jiga 1 1 'a'1.I -l S A~ 1 1E aa I : :_____ ~ -I I~it ________________________________L Now I $w go u 

PAGE 18

M6. of -gb led di iii I~ ___ ___ ___ ____ ___ ___ ____ ___ ___ ____ ___ ___ _____Isis_ 11113 ~ o 1~ ~ 4rthic, 11 -6J4 !Iwl 4 R ; I I~1!~~J. ,I~ ~ hI~ lit J A11 .11 1 111 -~ -u' -j I ij~~j~j3E -its fj ~le 11 toil g;I ~~ ~~I~ ~ ~ 1 j ;;;;;;Q I 1 

PAGE 19

aWr.trs~'/&.i~i. i~.M ~ 4 m'w ,~ is S Ss .rVZA s~i'~LI TLSrSSSIe* sasc .9, ---w. --%moo Netters to struggle with fans, 'Dogs JOHN KUNNEN .pv' o 7 v 'W v -, r. .No. 2 Gator tennis player faces Georgia test Relays victors rewarded Benson will accompany the rest of the team to Showalter Field for some exhibition races to supplement a meet between Winter Park and Astronaut high schools. The Gators will be in fast company, as members of the Florida Track Club (FTC), Seminole Junior College, and Miami Dade South will be on hand in addition to several Canadian Olympians. Benson feels one of the better races will be the 100 meter dash. The lone Gator entry is Bermuda's Mike Sharpe and he'll have his hands full with the Johnson twins from Seminole, Keith and Kevin. Both Sharpe and Kevin Johnson have identical best times of 10 seconds flat. TWO FORMER U.S. Olympians who are hoping to earn a berth on the 1976 squad will be in action. Rey Robinson, representing the Rochester Track Club, bring a personal best of 21.2 seconds into the 200 meters while FTC member Stan Vinson faces teammate Bob Rambo and UF's Tom Doerr in the 400 meters. Other Gator entries include 26-foot long jumper Fletcher Lewis, high hurdlers Hesley Bostic and Harold Smith, pole vaulters Will Freeman and Ed Kretschmer, and -threemilers Kevin Holzwart and Robert Blount. By HOWE WALLACE IlgtorMSporta Writer Hostile etwds await the arrival ofthe Gator tennis team today when it travels to Athens, Ga. to meet its Souta Cnk0renee (SEC) rival, the University of Georgia. "You need a team that is two wina better than Georgia to beat them at home," said Gator Coach Bill Potter, "Georgia has a good team anyhow and their fans make them that mueh tougher." POTTER JUST might have the team to whip the Bulldogs. No teams lias been closer than a 6-3 score to a Gator team which has 14 wins this season and own a two-year 20-match win streak. The Gator schedule has not been a cream puff, either. Last year's Atlantic Coast Conference champion North Carolina and S.E.C. einner-up Tennessee are among the Gators' victims, but Georgia promises to be the strongest opponent this year. The Buldogs have a win streak of their own. An upset victory over nationally ranked Princeton pushed the Bulldogs' winning streak to 22 straight at home. THE BIGGEST factor in the Gators' fortunes in Athens will he the health of Gator ace Chap Brown. A sophomore from Lantana, Fla., Brown appears to be a doubtful starter for the Gators today. Brown contracted flu on a trip to Alabama last weekendand has been confined to a 'A spinal bedsince Stinday. Potter does not know if he wil be ready. "Chap has lost 13 pounds during his sickness," Poter said. "I hope that somehow, he will be ready to go Friday. IF BROWN CANNOT -play, the Gators depth could be the key. Rick Healey and Kevin Cook have gone undefeated in their matches on courts five and six this year. if Brown can not play, he will be replaced by sophomore Jody Stagg. In his first singles performance of the season against Wake Forest University Tuesday, Stagg won in straight sets on court six. The Gators' doubles teams have also fared well. Cook and John Kunnen have been defeated only once in the No. 2 doubles whiie Healey and Bill Tompkins carry the same record on court three. The main court team of Brown and Dave Pressly will carry a 9-3 record to Athens. Today's match should be a preview of the SEC championships scheduled for early May. The Bulldogs are co-holders of the championship with UF and have only lost one match this year. Tom Delaney and David Dick, both of whom were all-SEC performers last year, are the stalwarts of the Georgia team. -h By MARK JOHNSON Assistant Sports Editor The Gator baseball team, after a heap of home contests the first 22 games of the season, will-be living out of the suitcase for most of the'rest of the year. Airports, cramped vans and station wagons, and nauseating flights on that. wished wonder, the Blue Goose, will be the norm for the Gators as they play 20 of their last 27 games away from the confines of Perry Field. THE GATORS TRAVEl to Knoxville today to take on the University of Tennessee in a 2 p.m. Saturday doubleheader and a 2 p.m. single game Sunday. The Volunteers, who are tied for last place in the Southeastern Conference (SEC) Eastern Division with a 1-2 record, wil.e enu .naa .wih S .tff average, a 4-0 won-lost record, and a nifty 1.00 earned run average. His name is Rick Honeycutt, and UF Head Coach Jay Bergman expects him to start in Saturday's first game against Gater lefty Bob Meadows, proud owner of a 4-1 record and a 2.59 ERA. Craig Plppin (1-2, 3.% ERA) will probably start the second game, Bergman said, while Eric Huler (2.0, 3.14 ERA) will be expected to start Sunday. Hillier has been experiencing shoulder problems, byt still was able to throw 90-pls pitches in five innings of work against Georgia Tuesday. Bright news for the Gators is provided by left fielder Nick Belmonte, who has hit in all but two games en route to a .357 batting average (contrary to an article in Monday's Alligator which said no UF n3-e i me h na inOw---W su~mmen5inin5Uinin~m I "lawni Spirits" and Musit too Now serving ,our fa orIte mixtd drinks Emtertalnment and a 2 fier I price during -aliethjah Nour EVERY DAY IS FOOD DAY DOWNTOWN FARMERS MARKET is sponsoring a reunion of producers & consumers All day Wed., FrL, &Sat.Get together and celebrate wils the fresh fruits and vegetables at thelowntown Farmer'saret ww.st 2nd Ave.pi &W. 1stanel2nI St. Vegotable plants5O#/dozen Oranges $35O/6"e ToN atoes $3.0 0 lbs tflmie *'s *ilo ki, an :A oil nl* POW" By RICK ADELMAN AM eer Sports Writer The coaching staff of the Gator track team believes that to the victors should go the spoils, so they are sending UF's sprint medley and mile relay teams to the Texas Relays this weekend while the rest of the squad ventures to Winter Park to add a little spice to a high school dual meet. After impressive victories last weekend in the Florida Relays, the Gator braintrust decided to show their appreciation by jetting six athletes tothe land of oil wells and ten gallon hats. "IT'S MORE of. reward for doing so well in the Relays," said assistant coach Dave Adkins. "We feel these two teams have a definite shot at winning." Stanley Harris, Willie Wilder, Palmer Simmons, and Horace Tuitt will comprise the sprint medley team while Clive Bariffe and Noel Gray join Simmons and Tuitt for the mile relay. The only time the Gators have competed in the Texas Relays was two years ago when the mile relay team finished fourth and set a school record pf 3:06.9. MEANWI E, ASSISTANT coach Roy 

PAGE 20

'1 4 I T I r:. 06 S, 18 env Lr o I., '~I~e f ~ "' ISO --i-------C ~.U. 
