
PAGE 1

I (Copyright 1967, The Florida Alligator) Bv HARVEY ALPER Alligator Staff Writer UF President J. Wayne Reitz and several other high University officials may face a possible six-month jail sentence and $1,000 fine because State law has made it impossible for them to deal with a nationally recognized non-profit insurance company on an unquestionably (Al)igotor Art by Bob Me Red Tape Surroundi UF Budget Pretty Thi (EDITOR'S NOTE: The biennial budget is the source of 90 per cent of the operating funds of the UF and other higher education institutions in Florida. In this five-part series, Alligator Editorial Editor Andy Moor explores the budgeting procedures, the history behind them, what's happened to the 1967-69 proposal thus far and the fate of higher education in the hands of the new legislature. Today's first part deals with the complicated appropriations procedures.) By ANDY MOOR Alligator Editorial Editor When you enter a discussion on UF's biennial budget, you'd better be prepared for a long-winded session. Ten steps of review now are required between inception of the biennial budget and actual operation. Funds can be cut or reallocated anywhere along the line. By the time the individual UF department receives its operating funds, it may not even be able to recognize the figures. Waiting in line to take a whack are the Board of Regents, Cabinet-Budget mission and Legislature. In short, the red tape is pretty The appropriations procedure more than a year before the Legi: makes its actual appropriations. It, as almost every other budgetaryI state finance, from the bottom. The bottom in the case of the Uni is the individual staff or faculty m( He must tell his department head anticipated needs for the next two The department head must take ti ot he r existing conditions into before making a general recomme to the University Budget Committe Each department head is forcedI far into the future since he must needs for two years, thanks to Fl t r a d i t i o n of a once-every-two Legislature. The University Budget Commi comprised of the president, vice dent, vice president for academic business manager and three repre (SEE "RED" PAGE 4) legal basis. The insurance company in question is TIAA (Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America). TIAA is recognized in all 50 states--except Florida-as a non-profit organization. The federal government under section 501.C3 of its Internal Revenue Code recognizes TIAA Befoic it's final appr nial budget takes as ma lap around the Sebrin 0I It may be cut, altered anywhere along the way final checkered flag of diagram of the Sebring all the curves and turns i -At the Start, th Department makes up a expenditures for the up for submission to the U Committee. 2 -Into the first tu sity Budget Comittee ma budget for Board of R 3 -A mild bend. B give approval of some it back to the UF Bu for makeup of a line item 4 -After consulting heads again, the UF B makes up the line item figure given it by the R resubmitted. 5 -Around a Steep Cur the Regents for approve 6Before hitting th away, the Cabinet-Bud gets its first look at the t maker Its recommendations or gislature, which can dc with all that's been dc appropriates what funds to get -and that's that. 8 -Our first turn o is the Budget Commiss sumably will allocate ti appropriation. It doesn' by it, however. 9 -Around the bend Board of Regents whicl location of the Budget( C k doles it out to the spec 10 -Before the long s University Budget Comml Comlook at the actual budget pare a new itemization a-4 thick. ginal proposal was cut. begins 11 -A 90-degree tu] stature back to the Regents fo starts, proval. item in 12 -Before entering t the Budget Commission versity final approval of the i ember. 13 -Funds allocated of his operation. years. his and account ndation e. to think forsee orida's years ttee -presiffairs, esenta'What'sI Homecoming Head NamE "How To Succeed"' Revi Constitution Commissio Organized Crime Ht. Ferguson Cites Needs. Is UF ]Really "IHip?". Letters, We Get Letter Blue Gets Orange Juice. The Florida Alligai A9 Vol. 59. No. 128 University of Florida, Gainesville Monday, Ap Budget Like Racing Sebring La full professors and 50 elected asIn side sistant and associate professors. According to Tyler, the statement is only the first step toward ed. .Page 2 a code of conduct. ew. .Page 3 "There is much more work to n Page 4 be done and we are now in a .Page 4 position to act on the details of a ..Page 5 code, since we have the Senate's .o. Page 6 approval," Tyler said. .Page 7 Tyler said he was "very, very .Page 11 (SEE "SENATE" PAGE 2) as a non-profit agency. The IRS exempts TIAA from paying federal income tax because, in the words of TIAA's Assistant Vice President Wilfred Wilson, "The Treasury Department has held that as an arm of higher education it (TIAA) should be tax exempt like a university." Nevertheless, under Florida law, the company is probably illegal. Furthermore, persons who deal with TIAA are likely subject to relatively severe legal prosecution; because TIAA refuses to pay the taxes Florida demands of it. inlIke other states whichconsider TIAA non-profit and therefore tax exempt. o r Statutes, which deals with the quesStuet ion h626.0500iofthe Florid tion of aiding unauthorized insurance companies states: "(1) No ril 3, 1967 person shall in this state directly or indirectly act as an agent for, or otherwise represent or aid on behalf of another, any insurer not then authorized to transact such insurance in this state, in the solicitation, negotiation, procurement Por effectuation of insurance orannuity contracts, or renewals thereoval, UF's bienof, or in the dissemination of inany turns as one formation as to coverage, or rates, g Race Course. or forwarding of applications, or d or reallocated delivery of policies or contracts, before it gets a or inspection of risks, or fixing approval. This of rates, or investigation or adcourse indicates justment of claims or losses, or required. collection of forwarding premiums or in any other manner represent e individual UF or assist such an insurer in the list of expected transaction of insurance with recoming biennium spect to subjects of insurance reniversity Budget sident, located or to be performed in this state.' irn, the UniverNevertheless, physicians at the makes up a general UF's J. Hills Miller Health Cenegents approval. ter are now covered by the oroard of Regents ganization known as TIAA. Under figure and send the Florida Statutes it would apdget Committee pear this is a violation of the law. budget. "Doctors entered into agreewith department ment with TiAA," Reitz told the budget Committee Alligator Wednesday. "It wasn't a budget from the egents. It is then (SEE "ADMINISTRATORS" PAGE 4) ve it goes through &l of line items. e first straightulty Senate get Commission budget and makes n it to the LeV o es D what it wants Suppo one thus far. It it wants the UF To SAC n the way back ion, which preBy JUDY REDFERN he Legislature's t have to abide Alligator Staff Writar After considering the proposed waiting is the general policies, the Faculty Senh takes the alate resolved Thursday to support Commission and and encourage the direction of the ific institutions. Student Affairs Committee's (SAC) straightaway, the has taken. ttee gets its first The proposed student conduct and must prestatement was not acted on as assuming the orisuch, but was presented to the Senate by SAC Chairman Max rn here takes it Tyler. The Senate discussed the r its final apstatement but did not specifically endorse the document. he final U-turn, "The Senate in effect voted for has to give its a motion that expresses the Sennew line item. ate's awareness of discussions that and ready for have been going on and encourages the committee to continue," a Senate member said Sunday. The Senate is composed of deans, OVER QUESTIONABLE TIAA INSURANCE Administrators Could Face Jail Terms 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Florida Alligator, Monday, April 3, 1967 Senate AFTI pleased" by theSenate's action. ThR policy statement presented 2 UVM ( to the Senate calls for the formation of two bodies, one to formulate codes of conduct and the other Froms to conduct hearings and reccomViewers werS m end penalties for accused stuSullivan Show dents. deration of Te It states that the University may strike entered it exercise control over "activities At the same prejudicial to the academic funcbave authorized tions or reputation of the univerThe Teamste sity community, provided a clear of wbat appear. statement of such proscribed actiauthorize a ot vities shall be made available to firms if egoti all members." tract. o Three SAC subcommittees are The union ba working on a proposed code of conduct, the chairman said. Emily Defa mi MacLachlan, assistant professor of social sciences; Dr. Ernest Bartley, professor of political sciA gains ence, and Assistant Dean of Health and Physical Education Spurgeon By STEV Cherry heads the subcommittees. Alligator Exe Subcommittees would continue to meet, Tyler said, but the date of UF Directorc the next SAC meeting has not been cations King D. W set. He said the SAC would meet have filed defam after the beginning of the next triter suits against master, magazine The C As it stands now, the general editor, Bill Kille policy statement is not enacted into the statutes -nor is it the The suit was f preamble to a code of conduct. the Gainesville( "It is very likely that what is James Tomlison, slated in the final policy stateWhites. meant will depend in part on the White and his details of the code -the final filed separate su statement may be slightly differ$1,000 minimum. ent," Tyler said. from a series RA Strike Still On; 0 Dre Walkouts Imminent Combined UPI Reports e forced to watch repeat of the Ed Sunday night as the American Feevision and Radio Artists (AFTRA) s fifth day. time, two more unions apparently their members to strike. rs Union began tabulations Sunday ed to be an overwhelming vote to rike against 1,5000 U.S. trucking ators cannot work out a new cons threatened a "selective strike," staging walkouts only at certain firms. The truckers have said they will shut down and lock out 200,000 employes of the teamsters try this. The union is demanding a 56-cent-an-hour sage increase while the truckers have offered 37 cents. A spokesman for the truckers estimated this leaves the two groups a little over $600 million apart on wages and fringe benefits. In New York, members of two more newspaper unions authorized strikes against five New York City papers as the Printers Union pressed its campaign of unofficial work stoppage at the Daily News. E HULL ecutive Editor of Student Publi/hite and his wife nation of characoff-campus humor harlatan and its en. iled Thursday in Circuit Court by attorney for the wife Evelyn have its each totaling The suits stem of jokes in the McCoIIum Named HC Chairman William (Bill) McCollum, (4LW) has been appointed as general chairman of Homecoming '67, Charles Edwards, president of Florida Blue Key, announced Thursday. McCollum, from Brooksville, will supervise the entire program of activities for Homecoming, which is presented by Blue Key. McCollum is currently vice president of Florida Blue Key, and is past president of the Florida Union Board and the Circle K Club. He is the past chairman and co-host of the Blue Key sponsored "'Second 100'" television program. "I feel Bill is very well respected by everyone who has worked with him in the past," Edwards said, "and I am confident that he will do an outstanding job as chairman of Homecoming '67."' Announcements of further appointments will be made during the spring trimester. Januar y issue of the Charlatan which centered around White and his responsibility as director of UF student publications. The suit claims Killeen "maliciously, falsely and unlawfully published false scandalous, malicious and defamatory charges about the Whites in the magazine. The jokes and cuts humiliated and injured the reputation of White and his wife the suit alleges. Killeen when contacted Sunday said he believes the law suit is ''conceived and financed by the university in an effort to destroy the Charlatan." White denies that the suit is any affair of the university. "I am completely filing the suit at my own accord," White said. "It's my own personal suit." No trial date has been set but according to White the trial will be sometime in April. Joseph Udevich, graduate student in School of Education, died suddenly in Rockville, Md. March 23. Those friends interested in contributing to a memorial book fund in Montgomery County, Md., in his name may do so through David Britton, 130 S.E. 25th Terr. Air Force Planning For Convention Some 2,000 Air Force D.1 cadets will converge on Miarni April 24-27 as guest of UF's Dal, Mabry Squadron of the Arnold Air Society. The occasion: The society's ltl annual national conclave. Coming from throughout the ,i tion, the 177 detachments of Ail force ROTC cadets and Angel Flight members will participate in a four-day program of busines. meetings, tours, banquets and social events. The Dale Mabry Squadron w0 the nomination to host the cooVention at the 1966 conclave. Dallas. "We have been planning since then,"' says Cadet Col. James D. Simmons, commander of the Dale Mabry Squadron. SUMMER EMPLOYMENT Are You Money r1ungry? Do You Like Girls? Interviews Wed.April 5th If you can answer YES to BOTH of these questions and aren'tafraid ofoa commission soles job, it will pay you to contact Mr. Mayberry at your JOB PLACEMENT OFFICE. Consider these facts: Students last ye r earned $4.00 to $10.00 hourly. 4 students won a 4 day Bahama Cruise for TWO. All won a 3 day weekend at the Fontainbleau Hotel, Miami Beach. Training and equipment furnished FREE. Keep your joball year round wherever you go. Career possibilities. Make $25,000.000 in your first year. Your job will consist of contacting single girls your own age and interesting them in collecting hope chest items through a monthly club savings plan. 31~EWLK BOQKS (If(ZAL/J4I C~LK/J L~t~BOOKSTORE 1Ocakc (r e AenvAservice c+V. action Suits Are Filed Memorial Book Fund t Killeen By Whites For Food Italiano Those in the Know GO! GOI GOI U.S. 441 -4 miles south of University Ave. 4:30 -10:00 CLOSED TUESDAY 376-9335 I I U Uh. N The torlda Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of all advertIsements and to revie or turn away copy which It consider-,objectionable. N( POSI11ON ILt G ARANTF.F 1, though dlesred position %11olie given whenever posothlto I tlortda Alligator will not consider adjustments of pa ment for an advertisement involving typographical errors or erroneous Insertlon unle otice Is ven to the AdvertisinvkManaver withIn (1, Oria ia after adertisement appears. Me f lor ia AlIgator wI not toresponi.ble fottmo tthat one incorrect In-sertior)fan 0 tisement scheduled 000t 00000 000. Nooto otice o orcti0 .oo oooo o t eor e nxtinsrton 'l00 F l()IA A. [IGAT(000 I the official student newOopaper ofthe University of Y lorida and Is published five tmo weekly except duroi Mta, .iune, and July when) it published semi-weekly. O nly editorials represent the official opinlois of their authors. Address rorespodence to The 0 lorlda AlligatorOor, 000ida 00nionuilding, 0.iversitt of Florida, Gainesville, a 32101. The Alligator is entered as seoo d clas matter at the united State Post Office at aineovlle. 7im : 7"K:-m 99 m 0 

PAGE 3

Monday, April 3, 1967, The Florida Alligator, Page 3 1023 WEST UNIVERSITY AVENUE EVERYDAY! ACROSS ROM UNIVERSITY CITY BANK SAVE Freeway National UP TO Is Everywhere SPECIALS GOOD;' MONDAY THROUGH SATURDAY HOURS: 9-7:30 Monday Touh Saturday, OVER 3,500 NATIONALLY1ADVERTISED BRAND ITEM Gel -cq 94 Rg -9C o moviii" mmm.Ws BRECK MODESS Creme Rinse 1 Pt. No.12's Reg. $1.75 for $1.19 Reg. 48 for 294 RIGHT SCOPE GUARD MouthwashGU R Mu hSpray Deodorant Reg. $1.09 for Reg. $1 .00 for 59 4 'How To Succeed' Fun-Filled Romp By DON FEDERMAN phasis, the evening at the Center iligator Columnist would have been a most deresbnne experience, particuary nor married men. One can't argue with success, As it is, the movie leaves one and the Plaza's "How To Succeed ambivalent, but certainly not as In Business Without Really Trydisgusted as the New York criting" is a good example of cineics were. Anyway, for what I am matizing a proven formula. The about to say pertaining to Mrs. Abe Burrows spoof on making it Rosepetal's momismm, please big in the corporate world through forgive me Emily MacLachlan. ploymanship has changed little in the hands of David Swift, and the The movie is about the terror result is one poor director but of motherly love and the innocence one very entertaining evening of it attempts to maintain in an fun and song. otherwise sordid world. The InnoQuite literally one feels like he cents are a possessive, tyrannic is watching a Broadway show with mom and her emasculated son, the show's original cast and emincapable of asserting his virphasis on elaborate song and dance ility or curiosity with the world, routines. The songs (two are misexcept as it exists in children's sing), though,are dull, melodiously books, stamps, and through telespeaking, but crisply choreograscopes. The corrupted and lost inphed, particularly "A Secretaryls nocents are one aging, lecherous Not a Toy." Robert Morse turns sea captain and a young hotel in a glittering performance as a "babysitter" nymphomaniac. Both fawning ham of a young executive. desire the mother and son reMichele Lee, in the show's toughspectively. est role as the secretary faithful For the depraved, innocence is through thick and thin, is equally one pleasure they want to possess adept. But the real show stealer and taint above all else, lacking It is Maureen Arthur's dumb secrethemselves. Our sea captain even tary and mistress of the boss. after realizing the horror of Mrs. You would pay more than eight Rosepetal and being offered sex bucks for the stage performance via the babysitter, persists in in New York; you pay no more emasculating himself if only to than $1.25 at the Plaza. So you possess Mrs. Rosepetal. The nymm ay not get Broadway, but you must phet desires the son, and nearly admit that a good "second" is a seduces him by ironically motherbargain. ing him (she emasculates by forAt the Center is Quine's version cing him to assert his virility). of Kopit's "Oh Dad, Poor Dad," The ending is grim, in that the another comedy but deliberately tainted are destroyed by the inso, for if It were not for this emnocents. Purity reigns supreme in the end, but only by exercise of its arrogance and murderous madSPECIAL!!! ness. TWO WEEKS ONLY!!! During this grim series of events is interjected the levity of the FULL SIZE dead narrator, aptly played by Jonathan Winters. The bizarre and grotesque is made into the silly and slapstick by a biased but Ineffectual angelic Dad who sees his son tempted only to lose out to Mom. The audience is drawn to Winters -it's almost unconscious -and one thus loses the incongruity of Winters' off and on humorous commentary juxtaposed with thi s frightening situation. The From KODACOLOR Rolls movie thus reduces Kopit's play 90Pq For Kodacolor Film to little more than a game, very Processing serious but then very cute and One Day Service quaint. AIR It's just as well. The play itself is a caustic attack on momism, Color La boratory and is hung up in a vicious circle of its own making. So if nei1527 NW 6th Street ther purity nor lust can save us, "Gainesville's Walk-in and man cannot be a balance of Processing Lab" both, at least the movie gives us the liberty to die laughing. Want to be treated like a man? Then Treat her like a lady with THE CANDY OF THE SOUTH Md 

PAGE 4

Page 4, The Florida Alligator, Monday, April 3, 1967 Target Date Set For Facelifting New Constitution By ANDY MOOR Alligator Editorial Editor UF's problem-child student constitution is due to undergo facelifting and probably will be ready for vote by mid-June. Student Body President Charles Shepherd has announced appointment of a six-man Constitution Revision Commission to work out the kinks in the Legislative Council's constitution which he vetoed last Tuesday. The Council-approved document had been scheduled to go to the student body for vote this Thursday, but Shepherd's veto ended any possibility of a vote this trimester. "I am giving the constitution commission a date to have its document in my hands," Shepherd said Sunday. "It will be voted on toward Y OU' the end of Term 3-A. It must be completed two weeks before the migh election." mif Shepherd said he will appoint the secretary of legislative affairs car to chair the commission, but noted that all involved parties -inUnive cluding the Legislative Council -will be represented. "I want this commission to look not only at the vaguery of the Council suggestions," Shepherd said, "but to review the overall concept and M e role of Student Government. The Legislative Council has failed to go this deeply into the question." Shepherd said he has mailed away for copies of constitutions from ra other Universities, which he feels should be considered. Shepherd lasnen out at the charges of Council Majority Leader State I Greg Johnson that it was "a Shepherd constitution." Meiklejoh "I never had a group of my own look at either of the two drafts," crime at he said. The president said the majority of work for the original throughout draft was done under the Jacobs administration and the revisions at the a were made by the Council Rules and Calendar Committee. here Frid ou gain approval, tne constitution would require two-thirds majority of more than 25 per cent of the student body. About 10,000 Organi2 students are expected to attend Term 3-A. traced to Shepherd said he wasn't sure how he'd get his commission's projohn in b posals on the ballot. K membi "We might go through the Council and ask for referendum, "Crim he said. "And we might use the initiation method. We haven't demajor o cided as yet." liquor a Beverage Director Don n lashed out at organized nd liquor law violators ut Florida at an address annual Circle K banquet ay night. zed crime caeven be Gainesville said Meiklehis address to 25 Circle ers at the Primrose Inn. e syndicates have set up perations in the motel, .nd cigarette industries within the state," charged Meiklejohn. ''Trying to track down who really owns the liquor licences is our main problem. Many so -called owners are just front operations for big time hoods." "My investigators already have evidence that 40 state liquor licences are in the hands of crime syndicates. However, every time the "hoods" are discovered they hide behind local laws and replace their front men, making it almost impossible to track them down and get a conviction. "Even in Tananassee certain judges, politicians and powerful lobbyists are violating the liquor laws. But I have served notice that these violations must cease by May 1 or the people involved will face charges. "My hands are often tied," said Meiklejoh, "but as long as I iave this job, I plan to keep slugging in the best interests of the public." Red Tape Surrounding UF Budget Thick tives of the Faculty Senr -gets the requests of the departments and a detailed explanation of the why behind them. Justification must,. of course, be made for any increase. Increases usually are justified by showing an increase in student semester hours for the term in question -or what the politicians call "productivity." The UF committee molds all the departmental requests into an overall general budget which it submits to the Regents. For the 1967-69 biennium, this came about in March, 1966. It is the job of the Regents on first reading to suggest any major shifts or cuts which it can forsee. A Regents committee and the Chancellor have usually worked with the University through the first stage. So this step isn't normally much of a problem. Whether the Regents make any changes or not, the budget is returned to the UF Budget Committee for formation of a line item budget. This happened last July for the upcoming biennium. The line item budget requires that UF take the lump figure handed down by the Regents and make a detailed itemization. Each department m ust show how many professors, secretaries and gluepots it Will use in spending its allocation. The detailed itemization is forwarded again to the Regents when the University irons out all the kinks. This stage was completed last October for the upcoming biennium. The Regents usually give swiftapproval of the line item budget since the total figure handed down before hasn't been changed. Such was the case last fall as the $63.5 million general budget request was speedily okayed at the November meeting. That's the last the Regents or the University will see of the budget before it heads down the rocky road to the CabinetBudget Commission and Legislature. The first big obstacle the budget faces is the heavy blade of the seven-member Budget Commission's ax. It is invariably pared here as it was this February when the $12 million, or 23 per cent of the Regents-approved budget, was hacked. It must be understood, however, that the Budget Commission has no actual power over the budget at this point. Its function is only to advise the Legislature on appropriations. Nevertheless, the Budget Commission recommendations usually carry a good deal of weight in the Legislature. When the Legislature opens -as it will this week -there are two budgets it must appraise, the one approved by the Regents and the other recommended by the Cabinet. Historically, its final appropriations are closer to the Cabinet-recommended figures. The 1967 Legislature, however may be an entirely different animal. It has a strongRepublican delegation and a Republican governor guiding it, not to mention reapportionment. These are all untested variables which make the picture for the next few months highly uncertain. The Legislature considers the UF budget along with all other state appropriations. This is usually scheduled for early in the session, but invariably is pushed back into the waning days because the fiscal biennium requires no operating funds until it begins July 1. When the Legislature finally appropriates a given sum to the UF, the budget makes a U-turn. Back it goes from where it came. The Budget Commission gets first whack on the return trip. It must decide whether it can afford the figure appropriated by the Legislature. It usually can and will make the funds available -but it doesn't have to if the state is having financial difficulties. The Regents are then given a final figure to operate on, which it must pass on to the University for formation of still another line item budget (this assumes, of course, that the budget has been altered from original form). Things speed up now as the UF Budget Committee gets a look at what it's really going to get. After some discussion with department heads, the final line item budget is made up. It must then go back through the Regents and Budget Commission before permission to operate is finally granted. Normally there aren't any snags in the last trip since chances are that swift approval is necessary so funds can be released for operation. Make no mistake, however, the final budget has always been a far cry from the original UF proposal. Whether 1967 will be just another rerun remains to be seen. (IN TUESDAY'S ALLIGATOR: Past problems of the budget, and why Florida lags behind.) Administrators Could Face Jail Terms contract--it was a case where I signed a statement to the effect that as agents for the Academic. Enrichment Fund (the fund at the Health Center through which TIAA benefits are financed) we would make the dispursements to them (TIAA),," the president continued. If Reitz' statement is essentially correct, he, among others, could be in trouble. The statutes, already mentioned, make it illegal for "person(s)" to act as an "agent (s)" for an unauthorized insurer. Such actions are punishable under section 626.0501 of the statutes. "(1) Any person who in this state represents or aids an unauthorized insurer in violation of (section) 626.0500 shall upon conviction thereof be guilty of a misdemeanor, and be subject to afine not in excess of $1,000, or imprisonment in the county jail for not more than 6 months, or by both such fine and imprisonment in the discretion of the court." 626.0501 states. But this isn't all. Further penalties are established in the same statute. "(2) in addition to the penalties provided for in subsection (1), such violators shall be liable, personally, jointly and severally with any other person or persons liable therefore, for payment of taxes payable on account of such insurance under (section) 626.0535 (report and tax of independently procured coverages)," the law states. This means that ReitzBusiness Manager William Elmore and Health Center Provost Samuel P. Martin could be in 'big trouble, They have apparently given their sanction to the possibly illegal TIAA. University officials did not step into this trap casually. They thought they were acting within the law when TIAA was established at the UF about three years ago. Unfortunately, the University didn't have a lawyer then. "We have a letter from thenComptroller Ray Green stating payment deductions (for TIAA) would be alright," Reitz said. Business Manager Elmore produced a copy of this letter Thursday, and it clearly gives the goahead to the UF for work with TIAA. Elmore had previously held the letter as confidential because, he says, he wished to protect persons connected with it. Unfortunately state cou ptrollers, such as Ray Green, don't make law. They merely administer laws which the legislature formulates; and they (administrators) can make mistakes. Today Elmore, Reitz and Martin may have been drawn into such a legal predicament. They have documentation from the comptroller stating a TIAA contract is legal, but they don't have legislation which upholds this point of view. Therefore, a legitimate requirement of the University administration, the requirement of TIAA annuity contracts, may bring Reitz, Martin, Elmore and perhaps many others to the courts for prosecution. It appears there are men in Gainesville, and undoubtedly throughout Florida, who would like to "get" the UF troika for this legal "violation." (Tuesday's Alligator will name names and show just who is after the UF officials. In addition conflicts extending to high elective offices in the state will be revealed). I I imam RE BREAKING ME UP -That's what UF senior Joe Roberts t be saying as he surveys the damage an Army convoy did to his Saturday. Reportedly, the convoy was running red lights down ersity Avenue at 40 mph. No charges were filed in the incident. iklejohn Hits Syndicates; ces Organized Crime Here 

PAGE 5

UF's George Bartko is a man who likes to share with the world the joy and emotion he experiences over his freedom and achievements. That's why Bartko likes to paint. His one-man show of 10 paintings-'-unique mixtures of large realistic figures in landscapes--and 10 lithographs will continue on display at the University's Teaching Gallery through April 7. Bartko, a graduate painter in the University's Department of Art, gained his freedom when he fled Hungary after the historic uprising against the Russians in 1956. The Teaching Gallery is open free to the public weekdays from 9 a.m. to noon and from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. It is closed weekends and holidays. XEROX COPIES I-19 10each 20 & up 9c each .e mpiete Printing Service I La ubber Stamp Service C 0., cntra/ jJ1" ,pja 578-2fl 503 SW 2nd Ave. Board of Regents Chairman Chester Ferguson of Tampa issued a strong challenge to alumni Saturday to help him and other Regents move the state ahead in higher education consistent with its continued population growth. Speaking at the annual spring meeting of the Alumni Association, Ferguson first praised Dr. J. Wayne Reitz who will leave the UF Sept. 1 after nearly 12 and one-half years as its president. "I'm filled with emotion today," Ferguson said. "I'm only sorry that in being away from the University of Florida 37 years after my graduation, I had to wait until two years ago to begin working more closely with it." Ferguson became Regents chairman on April 1, 1965. ImIuIIIIIIIuuIIIIIIImmhu Bus Ad Dames Meet Wednesday Business Administration Dames will hold a get-acquainted meeting Wednesday at the home of Mrs. J.B. McFerrins, 415 NW 23rd St. The meeting will start at p.m. It is being sponsored by business professors' wives. IIIIuIiiIIIIIIIIIuIIIIII THE GENTLEMAN'S SHIRT tbj Purt5t .w.with h ighest honors ~~Oraduate to the ultimate in traditional shirtmanshipthe PuristV button-downexclusive with Sero. Unsurpassed for styling with its renowned full-flared, softrolled collar. Unmatched for comfort with its neatly tapered lines ...its sevenbutton front. Available in fine batiste oxfords, colorful chambrays, and feather lite madras. Half sleeves ...in a wide range of solid colours and white. AVAILABLE AT 1620 W. University Ave. Gainesville, Fla. "No one has done more to give this state an educational climate of excellence than J. Wayne Reitz," Ferguson asserted. "I'm getting tired of people asking me, 'Why don't you get a man of national prestige to lead the University'?" Ferguson told his audience. "My reply to them is that the salary for the president's position that was set years ago restricts me from obtaining the man I want. I hope to go to the Florida Legislature and change that restriction,'" he vowed, adding that the Regents are optimistic about selecting Dr. Reitz' successor in the next three to four months. "We're trying to develop a system of education in Florida that will meet the challenges of today and tomorrow," Ferguson said. "We need money and talent to project the University of Florida to a top level nationally. I think we have to create a climate of independence of thinking in this state that will serve to give great minds of the world an opportunity and a place in which to actIeve further greatness." Ferguson urged a movement to continue progress of quality programs already in existence. "We can't sit still," he observed. "The children are here. ..we've got to meet their demands. Before 1975 we've got to triple our physical plants, triple our number of administrators and triple our faculties to meet the challenge on us." Summing up his talk, Ferguson reflected: "We have to have a strong commitment to proceed from Florida's citizens through their elected representatives. We also need a sound management program for higher education and we need the necessary resources, including adequate finances, to get the job done. "You can never take education out of politics," Ferguson said, "but you can take politics out of education." interior Will Remake Plaza ?evise Electoral Procedures One of the most important positions in Student Government is secretary of interior, held by Joe Hilliard, (2UC). Hilliard currently is working on a project to make the Plaza of the Americas look more like what its name says it is supposed to be. Hilliard is in the process of implementing plans to lay a large brick replica of the Americas in the center of the plaza and surround it with the flags of the countries of the Americas. The project is scheduled for completion by the beginning of the Fall term. In addition, Hilliard is planning a book drive for a new university in the Philippines. He is asking that students save all their books that they would normally throw away (including texts) and bring them to the book drive location when it is announced in the near future. Hilliard, a political science major has served as a presidential aide to former Student Body President Buddy Jacobs and was Independent Chairman of Dollars for Scholars last year. UF AAUP Elects Executive Committee fhe UF chapter of the AAUP has elected its Executive Committee for the following year. New officers on the committee are vicepresident, Warren Silver and secretary, H.B. Clark. Executive Committee members who will serve for two year terms are Aaron Anton, Richard Hiers and Allen Sievers. Those who will serve for one year terms are Robert Berry, Ray Fahien and Darwin Smith. Motley Deakin is the new editor of the chapter News Digest. Chapter elections are held each March by mail, with some offices being elected on a rotational basis. Dr. Gladys Kammerer will continue as president until 1968 as will Treasurer Irving Goffman. Be sure. Rent now or the fallI. 376-6720 LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT GRADUATION GIFT! RADIOSSTEREOTELEVIS ION. LOOK TO A QUALITY All NowZenith Battery-Oporated Solid-State Portable Phono Th *SPORTABOUT Truy portable phono plays on batteries. New solid-state aplifier gives you instant The JETSTREAM .X1225 warm-up; cooler operation Te CctspangnSis, and longer amplfer lfe. Port. Net high-ashionstyled cabinet features the rich, annatty reo 7c8 r towarm look of wood. Beautiful molded cabinet back. end 16% rpm discs. autoIn grained Kashmir Walnut color and Gold color, or matic record intermix of 10' grained Fruitwood color and Gold color. Zenith Deand 12' discs of the same luxe Video Range Tuning System. Top Carry Handle. speed. Loudness/tone conEarphone jack. Monopole Antenna. Cabinet size: rugs into ACutel betrinr 1 /s' high, 15t/' wide, 10' deep. S 608 N. MAIN STREET 376-7171 TheHome Of The "5 Best" SELECTION OPRICE TERMS QUALITY SERVICE Monday, April 3, 1967, The Florida Alligator, Page 5 His Exhibit Low Salary Hindering Search Shows Joy Of Painting For UF President: Ferguson 

PAGE 6

Page 6, The Florida Alligator, Monday, April 3, 1967 The Florida AIlligator *,A )M4L 1A Ow F6x Rmk&Ta EDDIE SEAIM BOB MENAKER STEVE HULL Edfior Managing Editor Executive Editor ANDY MOOR BOB BECK Editorial Editor Soorts Editor Opinions of columndsts do no uecessanily reflect the editorial viewpoint of the Alligator. The only official. voice of the Alligator staff is the editorial in the left column. Good Move When Student Body President Charles Shepherd vetoed the proposed Student Body Constitution last Tuesday, we were as unsure as anyone whether or not it was a wise decision. It seemed at the time that the constitution was vague in some areas. Indeed, we had serious reservations about supporting it when it came to vote. Shephere'd veto, of course changed our thinking on the matter. We were worried that the whole idea of a new constitution had died, leaving us, with the antiquated document we're stuck with now. But Shepherd's Sunday statements have eased our minds. His appointment of a C onstitution Revision Commission is probably just the thing needed to get the job done efficiently. If its performance is half as good as that of the Commission on Student Rights, there isn't any question that we'll get a better docum e nt. We hope the new commission can accomplish some of the changes and smooth out the kinks which Legislative Council obviously didn't have time to go into. If it does, Shepherd's veto will have proven itself wise. Political Playground? UF has been accused by many of being a playground, a sister school to Miami's "Suntan U." And while this may or may not be the case, one thing should be made clear, UF must not be a playground for Gainesville politics. When "Mayor Pro-Tem" Walter Murphree read a proclamation at Saturday's football scrimmage proclaiming the day as ''J. Wayne Reitz Day" he was being given time before almost 10,000 fans, including several voters, that his opponent could not possibly get. We don't know why Dr. Murphree was chosen to make the proclamation, and while we don't endorse Murphree or his opponent, Sidney Knight, we question the practice. UF has enough political trouble without becoming a playground for city election candidates. USF Hippest In State? "'The Powell Case And The Dodd Case? Why, They're As Different As Black And White." The Gainesville Sons By JOHN ANDREW BURGESS and JOE NEUSTEIN Alligator Columnists John Andrew wishes to make the following announcement: Inorder to make the task of the Board of Regents somewhat easier, I am at this time withdrawing my name from consideration for the presidency of the University. This, of course, means that all projects planned in support of my candidacy, including the torchlight parade scheduled for Saturday night, will be cancelled. Fun-seekers, take note. It has come to our attention that Masters and Johnson have been appointed social directors of the new Florida Union, and that the delay in the completion of the Union is primarily due to unforeseen problems in the installation of television cameras in the individual rooms. Live for '67! "Master Joe, the Happy Wheel is ready. Also, a letter has just arrived from Marvin Kroat." "Thank you, Gurlu. Please read the letter." "10 master, may I?" "Yes, you may, Gurlu. Now read the letter." "Master Joe, it is such a privilege for lowly Gurlu to read aloud the messages that pass." "Gurlu, read the letter." "It thrills me so, my master. That I. -.1" "Give me the damn letter and get out of here. Be back in three minutes to spin the Happy Wheel." "As you command, Master Joe." John Andrew lookedat me. "Joe, how come Gurlu does your bidding?" "He thinks I'm a personal friend of Albert Schweitzer."7 "But Schweitzer's dead." "Don't tell Gurlu. .Let's see what Marvin has to say." "Well, I'm in Des Moines with Monm and Cleopatra. I'm su excited--the State Fair people are going to set up a regular tent for my levitation, and we'll charge admission and everything. I spend most of my time lying on my back on the floor, practicing for next week. I can almost get my legs up in the air, now. I'll be ready." God bless you, Marvin. "Masters, I return." "We see, Gurlu. Spin the Happy Wheel.' "Yes, my masters. Spin, spin, Happy Wheel, spin. ." The wheel slows and stops. "Masters, the HandofJoypoints to Lester L. Hale, dean ...11 ''Try it again, Gurlu. This time, give it a good spin.'" "I will spin it very hard. Spin, spin ....Masters, the Hand of Joy again points to Lester Hale." "Try it again, Gurlu." Hours pass. "Masters, the Wheel again has selected Lester Hale. I am truly sorry." "It's okay, Gurlu. You've done your best.' Alarms. Trumpets of Joy and Exaltation. It is our proud pleasure to announce that the Happy Wheel has selected Lester L. Hale, (SEE "SONS" PAGE 7) -AL JL Florida Alligator Staff GENE NAIL JIM WHITE NICK ARROYO Editorial Assistant Assistant Managing Editor Photo Editor STEFANIE JARIUS Society Editor JO ANN LANGWORTHY General Assignment Editor ,TAFF MEMBERS Harvey Alper, Bill Douthat, Elaine Fuller, Kathie Keim, Bob Padecky, Judy Redfern, Frank Shepherd, Lori Steele, Joe Torchia, Harold Kennedy, Justine Hartman, Eunice Tall hichie Tidwell LAB ASSISTANTS -Diana Folsom, Peggy Sneider, Andrew Haslett Jr., Robert Blount, Joan Allen, Eddie Guttenmacher, Dick Blakely, Bob Menaker, Dave Reddick, David Weiss, Karen Eng, John Ellsworth, Diann Devine By JUDY REDFERN Alligator Staff Writer How "hip" is UF? Not very, according to( )I, the self-acclaimed "head hippies at the University of South Floridj. We discovered by accident tiha UF just doesn't rate on the "govy scene" in the state. Seen, we arrived at the Tampa bus station at 3 am. Friday Morning 11,,i discovered a strange person waiting with the Michigan State student. An unusual enough fells', who had volunteered to drive us home. The stranger had shoulder length hair in a page boy and a beard. He was wearing dark glasses asi sandals. "Just call me "R." K said. "How are things at MSU?" asked, "B." He said he didn't us to MSU. "Berkeley?" "IUSF."1 We digested this information on the way to the car, tryingto ignore the hysteria in the bus station. After all, it was 3 a.m. and this chap was obviously doing us a big favor. "B." announced that he was front San Francisco, by way of Greenwich village and attended USF because his parents wouldn't sign his scholarship papers to Berkeley. Ho said he recently turned 21 and intended to transfer to the University of California as soon as possible. "Five points for San Francisco, three for the village, and minus nine for the parents," we thought. We asked him why he chose USF instead of Florida. "USF is groovier," he replied. Deeply wounded, we sputtered "But. ..but Pamme Brewer. .. SDS. ..Alan Levin. ..peace marches. ..LSD. ..banana peels ..Lester Hale. ..How groovy can you get?" "No man. All the action in this state is at USF, and my friends and I are the centers of it," "B" replied firmly. We had toask what madeGainesville so undesirable. "Compulsory ROTC," he said, in all seriousness. "B" said UF would have a large influx of USF hippies if compulsory ROTC were abolished. He hinted that UF is "supplied" by USF but wouldn't specify what the supplies are. He invited us to visit him anytime but Saturday night, when he had to "make a run to St. Pete." Since we had admittedly preconceived ideas about the type places hippies would be apt to live in, we asked where he lived. "A dorm at school, ""B" said. Now we told him we thought he rated minus six points on our own "hippie scale." We had arrived at South Florida and the longhaired figure was entering his dorm. "We're just not appreciated in the South," "B" muttered as he disappeared in the fog 

PAGE 7

Look To Museum, Mr. Cox DITOR: "In light of the 'golden age of science and an erudite enlightenment' what position should oldfashioned honor occupy?" The museum, Mr. Cox, the museum! Anything that is "submerged and smothered" should be pushed hard till it stops breathing. Better dead than perpetually red! A bearded Ph.D. from Berekely and a cleanshaven Ph.D. from Florida apply for a job with a taxpaying citizen in Miami. Who will be hired? That's right, and do you know why'? Because he knows more and knows it better: he is more WORTHY OF HONOR. Take a survey of Florida taxpayers and ask them what they would prefer -the best university in the country with a sizeable contingent of beards and playmates, or a" cleaned up"'university where everybody indeed goes through the grind. I trust there are enough Miami Jews and others with a similarly realistic outlook on life to settle the issue for quality with "fringe benefits." The removal of university jurisd i c t i o n over students off the campus is in the interest of all, and not just the vociferous minority, because anyone may find himself disagreeing with the university on moral matters. The minority is not in any way restricting anyone's right to his own morality: it asks only for the removal of specific restrictions on its "pursuit of happiness." If you want to preach honor, preach knowledge, jealousy and love of excellence. All other forms of the species will shortly be extinct. FRANS THIJSSEN (FROM PAGE 6) dean of student affairs. We call upon all University students to honor Dean Hale on this his Happy Day. Hale is known throughout the state for his forthrightness and intellectual integrity. He has always stood firm in his support of the student. "But, masters, IShave heard said that Dean Hale is a mincer of words." "Hold your tongue, Gurlu. You must be thinking of another man." "No, masters, I know that man. He has curly white hair and a big smile. And once I saw him make a student kneel and kiss his ring." "That's Hale, all right. Even so, Gurlu, if the Happy Wheel has selected him, we shall have to honor him.", Lester Leonard Hale, today is your Happy Day. EDITOR: I am another Negro student here at the University and I'd like to speak out too. I am concerned about the article published in Friday's Iyli gtor by Jeraldine Brown. (I think the chick is sick. NAPAL M'S AN OUC H-MAKE R. MAKE AN OLD LADY SAY OUCH TODAY! NAPALM'S AN OUCH-MAKER. c o leg merL a -COLLEGE LIFE INSURANCE CO. of AMERICA "The Only Company that sells exclusively to College Men.' 4115 NW 13th ST. TUESDAY NIGHT SPECIAL Baked Chicken with AQb Yellow Rice 9 STRAWBERRY CAFETERIADCAKE 129 313 W. Uom. AV. 1/2 Riock West of Fig. Theatre A SHORT WALK FROM CAMPUS Monday, April 3, 1)67, The Florida Alligator, Page 7 'Not A Matter of Color' I consider myself as one of the "few" Negroes on campus that she referred to whose social life is predominantly white, and I feel that I must defend the few of us who have been able to successfully socially mix at the University. Name Withheld Needs Glasses ? EDITOR : As a resident of Waldo, I personally investigated the circumstances as to Name Withheld's charges about our traffic problem and found some interesting facts. Assuming that he entered from Says Banta n a s I nfe r or EDITOR: Bananas? After smoking a pipe full of dried banana peels and two packs of matches (it's hard to keep the bananas lit), I have come to the conclusion that bananas are far inferior to pot. Not to be discouraged by this, however, I have looked extensively for some other substitutes for that illegal plant. I am now happy to pass on the information that I have finally found a n excellent substitute for pot which is readily available. It is none other than dog manure (a euphemism). This is a break through since this substance will be extremely difficult to illegalize. For best results, select medium-sized samples about three hours old. Place several of these in a pan and insert into an oven preheated to about 300 degrees F. In about 45 minutes they will be ready. Then simply load your pipe and turn on! BILL JOYNER, 1UC Gainesville, when he reached the divided portion of the highway in front of the Baptist Church there is a sign in the middle of the highway that states, "Keep Right.' From that point to the railway station it is just a little over three blocks. Double signs, one on each side of the highway, give forth silent, yet unmistakeable, information as to speed, school zones, etc. Included in this group of signs happen to be a total of eight (8) signs denoting that this is in fact "ONE WAY," easily visible, four on each side of the roadway with the arrows pointing in the appropriate direction. Perhaps he also failed to notice that as he left the railroad station area, that just beneath the "STOP" sign on your right, there wasanother"one way" sign, in addition to the one directly across the two lanes in front of him. Perhaps, however, he is just not used to driving in areas of divided highways, or maybe his windshield was a bit dirty, or perhaps he should invest another $35 in a pair of glasses. NAME ALSO WITHHELD (EDITOR'S NOTE: It has come to our attention that Waldo is not, as reported by Name Withheld, a "noted speed trap." As its police chief so no tably points out, there aren't many towns which allowone up to 10 miles per hour over the limit.) I True, Ido attend"predominantly White" establishments, my dates are "predominantly white'" and I do attend "predominantly white" parties (throw a few too), but this is not a rejection of the Negro race. Mrs. Brown is sadly mistaken if she thinks that these things indicate the desire to be "White". I am one of the (as she put it) sepia-tinted people who is proud to be a Negro and I must admf that I haven't had such a hard time because of it--at times, it's an advantage. She says that she wouldn't dance with a white fellow-come now Mrs. Brown, you're being as naive and petty as the rednecks of this area. There's no big difference. When you're all dancing its not a matter of color. but who showerbeing socially unaccepted? Myphilosophy is "Take it where you find it.' And I have found quite a few sincere "white" friends who are not poor dancers nor novelty seekers. Come out of your holes, moles. Somebody has to take the first step. You just might enjoy our side of life too. Get off your rear end and get out of the back. As long as you sit there feeling sorry for yourself, you'll be there. Oh, one last thought. Personally, I don't dig the ghetto. Not at the University of Florida, Daytona Beach, Tallahassee or Ocala (home) for that matter. As Moms Mabley would say, "Luther--the opera." Let me live please. BARBARA J. WILLIAMS 4ED ed. As far as fraternities and sororities are concerned, I doubt BROKRS FOR OVER 20 very seiously if many Negros deMUTUAL FUNDS sire to become members. International Securities Corp. I wonder if Mrs. Brown and o10 m,*"" e**'' CALL 372-1022 her other Negro friends segreJeakamavil gate themselves because they fear (Gainesville residence) 48 -HOUR WATCH REPAIR QUALITY WORK FACTORY PARTS UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTEE 376 2655 1 03 W UNIV AVE JEWELERS CHUCK WAGON MEALS FROM 99 OPEN 1 1 AM-91PM Casual Western Dining IDEROSA WsiaeShopping Center -3321 WV. Univ. Ave. at 34th Si. PLYMUTH-93 W 0/1 &a same location for 20 years J. David Wood-Manoqinq Optician Howard Powers-Reqistered Stanley Jeff-Opticion Nancy Wriqht-Frame Stylist see your eye specialist first I -i I I -I 0 then bring your prescription to THE PEOPLE YOU CAN TRUST PLYMOUTH-= 22 WEST UNIVERSITY AVE. -GAINI SVILLE, FLORIDA Phone; 376-3516 The Gainesville Sons I 

PAGE 8

GATOR. CLASSIFIEDS Page 8, The Florida Alligator, Monday, April 3, 1967 for sale t f or rent for rentjwanted STUDENT SPECIALS--Admiral or Philco air conditioner. Cost plus 10 %; over 300 satisfied students. Sudden Service Fuel Oil Co. 3764404. 907 SW 3rd. St. (A-112tf-C) 3 PIECE used bedroom suite $45.00;Table, chairs,sofabeds,antiques. Huguley's Furniture Barn. 214 NE 16th Avenue 376-0443. (A-126-St-C) 1963 Vespa 125. Perfect condition just overhauled with buddy seat and other extras. Priced to sell. Any reasonable offer. Call Jeff Blum after 3 p.m. 378-5430 (A126-3t-C) NOW AVAILABLE and delivered on campus, Natural Vitamins, minerals and health food supplements. All firms represented. For information call 378-6024(A-127-5t-P) WEBCOh taperecorder, complete with tapes, $50, also 1953 Chevrolet, very good condition $150. Call 376-5096 after 5 p.m. (A128-2t-C) AIR-CONDITIONER -doesn't look so good but ruus perfect. $35. 372-6073. (A-128-3t-C) YASHICA 'A" CASE. Light meter. Tilt Flash, new. $40. Call 3721209. (A-128-3t-P) HONDA TRAIL 55, recent overhaul: $135. Contact owner at 111 NW 19th St., Room 14. (A-1283t-P) SUBLET OR RENT quiet, spacious, air-conditioned, 2-Br. apartment, unfurnlshed, (kitchen equipped), 5 min. from U. of F. 378-4967 or ext. 2661 (Prof. Margulis). (B127-5t-C) GIRLS ROOMS -ACROSS FROM CAMPUS $25 to $35, no lease required. Available now. 1702 West University Avenue. Inquire after 4 p.m ask for Sandy. (B-127lt-P) MODERN AIR CONDITIONED One bedroom apartment, two blocks from campus, $96 per month. Available now, couples'or graduate student only. 372-2862. (B-1273t-C) QUIET, ONE BEDROOM, furnished apartment. Air conditioned and close to med center. $95 month. phone 378-5820. (B-127-2t-P) ROOM IN PRIVATE HOME for mature male student. Linens and maid service, seperate entrance, off st. parking. Call 376-5360. (B127-3t-c) N ~1003:10 5.20.7:30 N R AND 9 30, ACRES OF FREE PARKING o KING C HAIR LOGE ..:X .:sM .::. RENT4 bedroom, 2 bath house for summer. Air conditioned $130 per month. Call 378-1996 after 5 p.m. 1062 NE 14th Ave. (B1255tP) SUBLET AND SAVE! Cool Apartment with balcony for summer tri. One bedroom kitchenair condition. University Gardens. 3785958. Good Deal! (B-126-3t-P) RENT TWO BEDROOM furnished apartment for one bedroom price. $100 per month. Air condition, 1 1/2 blocks from campus. Call 376-0556. (B-126-5t-C) SUBLEASE: Air-conditioned apart ment for the summer only. Available after April 20th. Location: 207 NW 7th St. La Fontana Apts. Call 378-1867. (B-127-2t-P) ONE BEDROOM air conditioned apartment. Close to campus. $95 per month. Available April 22, 378-4332. (B-123-2t-C) TO SUB-LEASE: Furnished onebedroom apartment, kitchen, air conditioner. Four blocks from campus. Begin A Term. Call 3766731 after 5 p.m. (B-127-5t-P) AIR CONDTIONED apartments, three blocks from campus. $65 to $85 monthly. Call 372-8840 after 4:30 p.m. (B-126-tf-C) NEW DUPLEX APARTMENT, Sublet from May to Aug. Air conditioned, one block from Carolyn Plaza. Two or Four may live here. No furniture deposit. $140 per month. Phone 378-5067 for John. (B126-5t-C) NOW RENTING for Spring and fall terms. 3-bedroom, 2-bath, furnished apt. Air conditioned. 1103 SW 2nd Ave. 376-2892 or 376-9889. (B-126-5t-C) FOR RENT during summer 1bedroom air conditioned apt. 4 blocks from campus. Modern and quiet. Call 378-3846.(B-126-5t-P) 1BEDROOM APT. in Colonial Manor. Available B term and longer. Low summer rates. Call 378-5467. (B-126-3t-NC) TWO BEDROOM Furnished student apartments near campus. Low summer rates. Call Mrs. Jones, 376-5636 or Al Jones, 378-5682. (3122l Ot-c). CLEAN, MODERN, air conditioned furnished apartment. Available from April 1, $90 per month. Call 372-5841. (B-123-5t-C) W. ,i S MM Julie Oskar Christie Werner "fahrenhei 451" TECHNICOLOR C i NNERSAL RELEASE SORRY! We only have an airconditioned fully furnished poolside, one bedroom apartment at new Summit House to sublet A&B sessions. We think you will enjoy our extras all summer long. After 5 p.m. 378-1973. (B-1183t-C) Looking for low cost, comfortabl living within one block of campus? Try THE COOPERATIVE LIVING ORGANIZATION for either the summer or fall. Room, 3 meals per day, good study conditions, for $60 per month. Inquire 117 N.W. 15th Street or Call: 3766203. (B-121-TF-C) TO SUBLET -One bedroom furnished apartment, quiet secluded area. Available May 1 thru Sept. Call 5-7 p.m. 378-5131. (B-1245t-C) CLEAN, MODERN, AIR CONDI_ TION one bedroom efficiency apartment with huge closet. 5 min. from campus, $90 per month. Redwood Apartments, 4401 SW 13th St., Apartment J, Call Jerry, 3761487. (B-128-3t-C) RENT SLASHED TO $95 on air conditioned apartment near campus (17 St. and 4th Ave. NW). It has Danish modern furniture, one bedroom with twin beds, private patio, off street parking. Call 372-1714. (B-128-5t-P) TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT. Sublet or rent. $110 per month. furnished, air conditioned, carport and storage, 5 blocks from campus. 1436 NW 5th Avenue. Call 378-5772. (B-128-5t-C) SUBLEASE NICE APT. 2 bedroom 4 persons, 3 blocks from campus. Washing m acine. $140 per month. 378-5022. (B-128-3t-C) TWO BEDROOM apartment behind Norman Hall. Available for summer and beyond. Plenty of room, furnished, kitchen. You can have it for last days of April. $115 per month. 1125 SW 7th Ave. 3727676 or 378-6183. (B-126-3t-NC) DOWNT OWN AnthonyQunn in lim "THE25rh HOU METROCOLOR K0(8N46(HAIR TWIN HATRE 3.30 5:30 330I:I30 Rosalind Russell Jonathan Winters Robert Morse TIRED OF ROOMMATE problems? Take an air-conditioned single at College Terrace. Men or women. $90/mo. A Term; $80/mo. B Term; $95/mo. Fall and Winter. Pool and ample parking. 378-2221 for reservations. (B-128-5t-C) WHY LIVE IN A TRAFFIC JAM? Walk to classes and be relieved of your parking problem. Fully NEEDED FOR APRIL 1 female roommate to share 2 bedroom apartment. Walking distance to campus, near laundromat and food stores $40. Call 376-7624. (C-1283t-P) DESPERATE one female roommate needed for B term in Village Park. Call 378-4222. (C-1283t-C) furnished, spacious, one bedroom WAN LED Roommate for B term apartment, air conditioned, gas or for A and B term. Very nice heat, fully equipped kitchen in1-bedroom apt., 5 min. from Peacluding washing machine. Call: body. Call Gerry, 378-5731. (C372-3357 or 376-2818. (B-121128-t-P) lOt-C) STUDENT ASSISTANT 11:45-1:45 Mon.Fri. $1.25 & free lunch. Contact Mrs. Avery. ext 5771. Room BEACH BUGGY -It hasn't been M-102 A, Health Center. (C-125started in 6 months, but it'll run 3-C) if it has a batery. I think! Built WANTED ONE O1 TWO MALE from 1960 Morretti. (Italian) Drive ROOMMATES FOR LUXURIOUS by and take a look: 627 NE 10 Landmark apartment. Available Pl., then call 372-0083. $25. (now and for third trimester. Call 127-3t-NC) Bruce 372-1760 after 5 p.m. (C----125-3t-C) ONE OR TWO male roommates real es$tate wanted. New Summit House Apts. Air conditioned, pool, near Med. Center. $40/mo, 1/4 utilities. 1700 House for sale. 3 bedroom, 2bath, SW 16th Ct., apt. E-2, 376-8133. large fenced in yard, low interest FHA payment. Ideal neighborhood. 376-9038.(1-117-10t-C) OPEN 6:45 1255 722 < 12:55 JAMES BOND STATEN 1 5:00 I 7:00' 905 WATCH FOR ALFIE" IN COLOW 9:5 -AND LAKE TAHOE, NEVADA SSUMMER JOB OP POR TUNITIES Be a part of one of Nevada's largest CasinoRestautant operations. Spend your summer in the High Sierra, Nevada's finest recreS ational playground.-Interviews will be held on Campus April r S6 and 7. All applicants must be 21 years S of age and present a draft card or birth Scertificate as proof of age. Good appearance and groom ing required. ee U 1 \n Informational orientation Meeting wi -e held Wednesday, April 5th at 5:00 P.Mi "in the Florida Union Auditoriuii. i Apply 309 -Florida Union for further details. in the igh ierra, Nevada's i nest recrej A j TECHNICOLOR 

PAGE 9

GATOR CLASSIFIED Monday, April 3, 1967, The Florida Alligator. Page 9 ehelp wanted help wanted help wanted TWO GIRLS to share large two MALE STUuENTk'un.VARrTIME bedroom apartment for both sumor full time help in Furniture store. mer trimesters. $41.25 per perExperience in drapery installation son. Swimming Pool. Call 372and delivery work helpful but not 1745 after 5 p.m. (C-127-6t-C) necessary. Apply Lowry Furniture WANTED TWO MALE roommates Co. 2317 SW 13th Street. (E-127for summer. Large air conditioned 4t-C) apartment $35. per month. Call ATTENTION COLLEGE STU376-9544 after 6 p.m.(C-127-2-C) DENTS interested in summer emWanted female roommate for spaployment. Florida district office cious modern, air-conditioned, two of large international corporation bedroom, two person apartment. expanding offices in Florida. We Almost completely furnished. Near will employ a limite number of campus. 372-2429. (C-124-5t-C) students to assist in this expansion program. NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. Those who qualify for I hemp wanted I positions will earn $226 per week. Applicants must be enrolled in college next year. Jobs available NEED EXTRA MONEY? Make $30 will last until September 1. For to $40 weekly part time. SHOW interview call Jacksonville 353and wear Stuart McGuire and Lady 9917, ext. 2 between 9 and 1. McGure Footwear. Write P.O. (E-127-3t-C) Box 759, Gainesville, Florida. (E126-5t-C) VARIOUS OPENINGS for waitressFULL TIME DAY WAITRESSES, es, good hourly pay. Must be neat, good hourly pay. Must be neat. no experience necessary. Apply No experience necessary. Apply Kings Food Host. 1820 West UniKings Food Host. 1430 SW 13th versity Avenue or 1430 SW 13th St. (E126-lOt-C) Street. (E-126-10t-C) r EA"N $2.00. Listeners needed for underwater research project. Will pay $2.00 for 1 hour session. Must have normal hearing and be native english speaking. Contact Mrs. Nolin, Communication Science Annex, ext 2307 between 8 and 12 a.m. (E-128-5t-C) Help wanted male or female,Sfore' Manager experienced or we will train. Two openings at present in the discount health and beauty aid and phonograph field. Must be bondable and have excellent re-, ferences. Phone Mrs. DE Yott, 376-2533 for appointment. (E-1201tC) LARGE CITRUS PLANT has summer work for college men. Openings for general plant workers. Steady work, time-and1/2over 40 hours, beginning in April and running through September. Plant located near Gulf beaches. Summer rentals available at reasonable tates. Write for application forms: Tropicana Products, Inc., Personnel Office, P.O.Box 338, Bradenton, Fla.33505. (E-126-8t-C) r vPick Up Your Today After 9:45 A.M. At The Student Service Booth Bring your receipt and Student I.D. ADVERTISING SALESMAN, male or female, to service local accounts for the ALLIGATOR. Must be available for work bothsummer terms and fall quarter. Noexperience necessary, but some knowledge of advertising would be helpful. Apply in person Room 9 Florida Union. (E-123-tf-nc) VARIOUS OPENINGS for part time men. Good hourly pay. Must be neat. Apply Kings Food Host. 1430 SW 13th St. (E-126-10t-C) WANTED IMMEDIATELY, student assistants for general research type work. Some typing experience helpful. 15 hours per week. Apply Student Employment Office, Building E. (E-128-3t-C) CIRCULATION MANAGER for the Florida Alligator for summer trimester. Must have 1st and 2nd periods open. Apply Room 9, Florida Union. (E-121-tf-nc) [utos 1961 Chevrolet, radio and heater, good mechanical condition, good tires, need body work, best offer, 378-3967 after 6 p.m. (G-124-lOtC) FOR SALE: 1966 Triumph Spitfire 4 Conv. Excellent condition. 15,000 miles. Will accept older compact car for equity. Call 3768618 after 6 p.m. (B-128-3t-P) 1959 VAUXHALL, 4 door, 3 syncro gear, good tires, good condition, parts available. Call Antonio, University ext. 2309 or 3768010 (G-126-3t-C) 1965 MG MIDGET,excellent condition, new battery, new starter, motor recently overhauled. Must sell. Call 378-2066 (G-127-2t-p) INTERESTED WORKING With Interesting People? We have students working for us who have traveled in all 50 states plus England, France, Spain, Mexico, Italy, Canada, Greece, East and West Germany, Israel, Egypt, Japan, Holland, Viet Nam, Belgium, Czechostovakia, Austria, Poland, Switzerlanid, Luxembourg, El Salvador.and Cuba. THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR I autos1 1964 SAAB, very good conuu ,., any reasonable offer. 372-4637. (G128-lt-C) FOR SALE: 1952 MG-TD Roadster with 1961 MGA engine (just rebuilt). Best offer. Call Buck Grinter 376-5048. (G-125-3t-P) l ost -fo un d Lost Black, brown and white spotted/calico female cat. Last seen March 19, at 1001 SW 16 Avenue. REWARD. 372-3787.(L-124-5t-C) FOUND CLASS RING from Crestview HighSchool. Owner may claim upon identification and payment of this ad. Phone 376-0333. (L-128it-C) LOST -Man's brown wallet, on Broward's tennis courts over the weekend, extremely important that owner recover. Reward -call 378-5001 after 6 p.m. (L-126lt-C) LOST IN MAIN CAFETERIA, notebook and two text books, name and address inside covers, no questions asked, $5 reward. (L126-2t-P) $3ervies EURtOPE $325 ($295 if 50 student quota is reached) Round Trip. Pan Am jet, New York to London, leave June 21, return Sept. 13. Open to all Florida Students, faculty, staff and their families. Call Sam 378-5848. (M122-3t-C) EXPERIENCED MOTHERorbabysitting day or night while you work, shop, or party. 376-2052. Reasonable rates. (M-128-5t-C) 

PAGE 10

Page 10, The Florida Alligator, Monday, April 3, 1967 Orange and ADDRESS ALL CAMPUS CALENDAR NOTICES TO PUBLIC FUNCTIONS OFFICE, FLORIDA UNION BLUE BULLETIN Campus Calendar Monday, April 3 Mensa: Daily luncheons, table on west side of Main Cafeteria, 11-1 p.m. ASME: Meeting, 273 E&I, 7 p.m. Election of officers Lecture: Mr. Charles Coleman,''Frontiers of Space," PK Yonge Aud., 7 p.m. Forums Committee, 123 Union, 7 p.m. Union Board: Dance lessons, Union Social room, 7:15 p.m. Pi Mu Epsilon: Guest Speaker, Dr. John Maxfield, "Sinister Primes for Sinister People,," 101 Little Hall, 7:30 p.m. Everyone invited Gator Amateur Radio Club: meeting, 527 Eng., 8 p.m. Everyone interested in amateur radio is invited to attend Language and Literature Club: meeting, 105-B AFA, 8 p.m. Lecture: Mr. Charles Coleman, "Benefits of Space Technology," PK Yonge Aud., 8:15 p.m. Tuesday, April 4 Lecture: Mr. Charles Coleman, "Observatory Programs," PK Yonge Aud., 8:15 a.m. Lecture: Mr. Charles Coleman, "Observatory Programs," PK Yonge Aud., 10:30 a.m. Lecture: Mr. Charles Coleman, "Weather Satellite Program," PK Yonge Aud., 9:15 a.m. Univ. Dames: P.H.T. Ceremony, MSB Aud., 8 p.m. Lyceum Council: Bach Aria Group, Univ. Aud., 8:15 p.m. Murphree Area Council, 218 Union, 8:30 p.m. Tuesday Evening Supper Club: Presbyterian Student Center, 6:30 p.m. Nondenominational, everyone single and over 21 invited. Wednesday, April 5 Children's Concert: Band ,Univ. Aud., 12:00 p.m. Tennis: Fla. vs. Rollins, 3:30 p.m. Concert Band: Twilight Concert, Plaza of the Americas, 6:45 p.m. Phi Sigma Sigma: Lectpre, 116 Union, 7 p.m. Fla. Speleological Society: meeting, 212 Union, 7 p.m. Fla. Players: "Antigone," Norman Aud., 7:30 p.m. Latin American Colloquium, 324 Union, 8 p.m. ROTC: Ft. McPherson Soldier Show, Univ. Aud., 8:30 p.m. FLORIDA UNION BOX OFFICE: Tickets now on sale for the Bach Aria Group and Fla. Players, "Antigone." Administrative Notices ADDRESS ALL ADMINISTRATIVE NOTICES AND GENERAL NOTICES TO OFFICE OF INFORMATIONAL SERVICES ATTENTION FACULTY: No examinations, class quizzes, special projects or term papers shall be given or assigned during the final five class days of a term. Take-home examinations shall not be due prior to the regularly scheduled examination perlod. The only exceptions to this policy are for final laboratory examinations or final examinations in laboratory-type courses where approval to give such examinations during the final five class days has been given by the Subcommittee on the Variation from the Published Schedule of Courses of the Schedule & Calendar Committee. UNIVERSITY POOL: Season tickets of $2 per person for the University Pool may be secured after April 1 in Room 227, Florida Gymnasium. Faculty, staff, students and their immediate families (children over 15 years of age) are eligible. Pool will open May 1, with recreational swimming at 1 p.m. daily. GRADUATE RECORD EXAM: Tuesday, April 4, 1967 is the deadline date for filing application for the GRE to be given on Saturday, April 22. All applications must reach Princeton, N.J., on or before April 4. STUDENT FINANCIAL AID: Interview for student financial aid will be held in Building E, Room 124, for the following: applicants who filed between Nov. 1, 1966, and Feb. 28, 1967, for aids including Economic Opportunity Grants, National Defense Loans, Guaranteed Bank Loans, United Student Aid Fund Loans, Florida Scholarship Loans, University of Florida Long-Term Loans and Employment, either Departmental or the College Work Study Program. Students whose last names begin with: (I-J-K) report Monday, April 3; (L) report Tuesday, April 4; (M) report Wednesday, April 5; (N-O-P) report Thursday, April 6; (Q-R) report Friday morning, April 7; (S) report Monday, April 10; (T-U-V-XY-Z) report Tuesday, April 11; and (W) report Wednesday, April 12. The scholarship portions of the applications have been forwarded to members of the Student Financial Aid Committee of the colleges indicated for next September provided the applications were complete and last trimester's average was above 3.00. The applications will be evaluated and returned to the Student Financial Aid Office. Tne College Committee members are as follows: Agriculture--Prof. E. L. Fouts; Architecture & Fine Arts -Assistant Dean Joseph J. Sabatella; Arts & Sciences -Dr. A. C. Morris; Business Administration-Assistant Dean G. R. Sims; Education--Prof. J.H. Moorman; Engineering-Dean E. W. Jacunski; Forestry--Prof. P. W. Frazer; Health Related Professions--Assistant Dean 0. B. Thomason; Journalism & Communications--Director Rae 0. Weimer; Nursing--Miss Jennet M. Wilson; Pharmacy--Mr. C. S. Haupt; Physical Education--Prof. B. K. Stevens, and University College--Prof. P. D. Stryker. STATE NURSING SCHOLARSHIP LOAN HOLDERS; Scholarship funds are now available for the Winter Trimester, 1966-67, Scholarship Section, StudentService Center. NOTICE TO STUDENTS REGISTERING FORSPRING TRIMESTER; to avoid standing in line to pay fees you may deposit fee payments in the "drop" provided next to the entrance to the Student Depository at the east end of the Student Service Center at any time except at late registration. Be sure to complete the FEE CARD and the CERTIFICATE OF. REGISTRATION and enclose them with your check or money order in the self-addressed envelope provided in your registration packet. (NO CASH PLEASE). Your validated CERTIFACATE OF REGISTRATION will be mailed to the address you print onthe CERTIFICATE. If you pay fees or register on the first day of classes, you must pay at a teller's window and be subject to the late fee of $25.00. General Notices FLORIDA UNION SPONSORED TRIP to Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands, April 22-28; San Juan, St. Thomas, and St. Croix. (freeports) Contact Fla. Union Room 315, Ext. 2741 for information. INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S CLUB: Meeting Monday, April 3, 8 p.m. at the University Women's Clubhouse. Guest night. UNION BOARD COMMITTEES: Applications for A and B Summer Terms and Fall are being considered for International, Dance, Recreation, Hostess, Film, Hostess, Special Projects, Fine Arts and Public Relations. Low ~NEED A DIFFERENT CAR? Interest CONTACT MRS. LOUISE HINTON TREASURER Auto Loans Rates 'Our On GAINESVILLE FLORIDA CAMPUS FEDERAL CREDIT UNION Specialty Loans Bldg. J Ext. 2973 Serving U of F Employees Since 1935 with a PROGRAM OF THRIFT, CREDIT, SERVICE 

PAGE 11

Monday. April 3,1967. The Florida Alligator Page 11 Blue Beats Orange,46-20 In Wild, Offensive Show Jackie Eckdahl, Larry Rentz, and Harmon Wages led a powerful Blue football team to a 46-20 win in a wild, offensive show Saturday afternoon. The annual Orange and Blue contest wound up this year's spring practice for Coach Ray Graves Gator squad. injuries had sidelined 34varsity p1 G SE al qu thrilling 68-yard pass interception return by safetyman Larry Williamson racked up all the points for the scrappy Orange team. Eckdahl led the Blue team to four scores, Rentz got one, and Wages two. Rentz played most of the way as a flanker and caught more passes than he threw. ayers before the contest so that An Eckdahl to Rentz TD pass raves put his remaining first and on the second offense play of the second team s on the Blue squad and game by Blue started the wild, n reserves on the Orange team. offensive show. T he snarp passing o senior Other Blue touchdowns came on a quarterback David McIntosh and a o n e -yard plunge by fullback UF Coed Wins Title Florida's Suzanne Venning captured the Florida intercollegiate women's tennis title Saturday with a startling victory over No. 1 ranked Wendy Overton of Rollins. Miss Venning, second-seeded in the tourney, topped Miss Overton 4-6, 6-4, 6-4 to capture the title. Florida finished second behind First Choice Of The Rollins in team competition. The University of South Florida and FSU finished third and fourth, respectively. The top-seeded team of Miss Overton and Guiliana Peterson downed Tish and Gwenda Adams of USF 9-7 and 6-0 to capture the doubles crown. R E G I S T E R E D D I AMOND R ING S HOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING Please send new 20-page booklet, "How To Plan Your Engagement and Wedd;ing" and new 12-page full color folder, both for only 25c. Also, send special offer of beautiful 44-page Bride's Book, Name Address City State ~ip~~KEEPSAKE DIAMOND RINGS, BOX 90, SYRACUSE, N. Y. 13202 Graham McKeel, a 31-yard smash by fullback Tom Christian, a 17yard sweep by McKeel, a twoyard plunge by tailback Larry Smith, a 31-yard pass from Wages to end Jack Coons and a 13-yard sprint by Eckdahl. McIntosh hit on TD bombs of 16 and 22 yards, the first one to Tommy Glenn and the second to Gene Peek with 43 seconds left on the clock. The Blue rolled up 407 yards in total offense with Smith getting 65 and Christian 51 on the ground and Wages hitting 10 of 13 passes for 130 yards in the air. Defensive Coach Gene Ellenson said that Wayne McCall was the defensive standout of the game. McCall recovered a fumble, blocked a punt, and made many key tackles. "Injuries have made us 15 to 20 per cent less effective," said Graves. "This year's spring practice has been the most disappointing I've ever been through." '"Next fall," said Graves, "We will almost have to start over." Archery Team Wins Meet The Florida archery team ran up 3,725 points here Saturday to win the team title and both individual titles in the Second Florida Invitational Intercollegiate Archery Meet. John Willis' 1,250 point total captured the men's title while Hope Black walked away with the ladies' top spot with 849 points. WAYNE McCALL AND GRAHAM McKEEL .1967 Gator CO-captains Graves Announces Football Captains Defensive back Wayne McCall and fullback Graham McKeel were elected co-captains of the 1967 Gator football team. Coach Ray Graves said Saturday that the Gator squad voted on its captains and selected McCall, senior from Ocala and McKeel, senior from Lakeland. McKeel, a fifth-year UF gridder due to knee surgery that made him sit out one season, is an outstanding blocker and ball-carrier. McCall, a high school offensive standout at tailback, has played as linebacker, and monster man in previous years. He has alternated as safetyman and rover this spring. McKeel will lead the Gators on the field when Florida has the ball and McCall when UF is on defense. UF Baseball Squad Splits With Red Sox Farm Teams By BOB PADECKY F riday afternoon, Boston's Assistant Sports Editor Class AA team from Pittsfield shut out the Gators, 6-0. Jack The Florida baseball squad Withrow, David Kahn and Wayne gained a split with a pair of farm Rogers shared the pitching chores teams of the Boston Red Sox this for coach Dave Fuller in the loss. weekend in Ocala. But Saturday morning was a different story for UF as the Southeastern Conference leaders edged Winston-Salem, another AA Sox farm, 2-1. Bob Padecky, the second of three S I DGator pitchers, threw the middle three innings in the picking up the PB Dwin. Danny Orr hurled the first three while allowing just a run. Jack Frake finished up the last three. Florida scored in the fifth and the sixth innings by the long ball. Rufus Frazier tripled in the fifth and came home as Richard Trapp grounded into a force play. In the sixth Mike Picano tripled home Danny Orr from first base. Orr ran for Tommy Banks, who walked. Statistically, MkeOvcaand Trapp lead in the Gatrs, 13-2 overall and 6-1 in the SEC, inbatW ting. Ovca owns a .294 stick while *V508Trapp is ripping at a .278 clip. Kelly Prior is most successful pitcher so far for Fuller. Prior sports a 0.95 earned run average and a 3-0 record while pitching the most innings, 29. Jack Withrow is next In line with an 0.46 ERA with a 2-0 record. Jobs in ihe Catskills N K O 61-c-inge.1's, Uolord and other Caskill Mot. resort first, veryi far-outnalbum rable Nits t lrbilli not essential Write ort hotel jobs including w her to rite to, jobs asvuiIable andio salar.Snd I.M to cover printinig. postage 1n41 41haidlinig so Resorts it1erntional, 1:12 ltramible 1t. 1.\., t hnftia, iGeorgia. 

PAGE 12

~~1 Page 12, The Florida Alligator, Monday, April 3, 1967 NEW RELAY RECORD IS SET ..Frank Saier jumps New Track Records Set At Relay Meet The UF track team set two records and finished high in other events Saturday at the annual Record Relays at Columbia, S.C. Gator Frank Saier won the high jump event with a 6-10 jump and finished second in the balloting for the meet's most valuable player. Frank Gibson of South Carolina was named the MVP. Florida's two-mile relay team of Greg Henderson, Dan Flynn, Dieter Gebhard, and Don Hale won in 7:38 for a record. Scott Hager and C. J. Fowlkes tied for first in the 440 intermediate hurdles in :52.8, their best efforts of the year. Hager was third in the high hurdles. The 440-relay team and distance medley relay team each finished fourth in their events. The distance medley relay team set a UF record with their time of 10:19.04 while the 440-relay team's time was :41.7. Mike Burton finished fifth in the javelin throw and Harry Winkler took third in discus throw. Discus ace John Morton missed the meet date due to a pulled shoulder muscle. The Florida freshmen won two and finished second in the four events in which they competed. The frosh distance medley relay team of Robert Lang, Marvin Charvis, Bob Garvin and Kurt Westfall had a time of 10:15 to win their event. Ronnie Jourdan set a record high jump mark, winning at 6-6 1/2. Theesprint medley and mile relay teams finished second in their events. UF Golf Squad Wins Cape Coral Invitational The Gator golf team walked away with its third consecutive team title at the Fourth Annual Cape Coral Invitational Golf Championship this past weekend and finsihed 20 strokes ahead of second place Wake Forest. Gusty winds up to 40 miles per hour on the back side of the course caused the scores to soar. Florida's Steve Melnyk finished second in individual scoring with rounds of 72-72-78-73 for a total of 295. Finishing first in the tourney was East Tennessee State's Larry Record Pace Set By Gator Teams Operating at a record pace at present UF's athletic program could well become the winningest in Southeastern Conference history this year. Under the leadership of Director of Athletics Ray Graves the Gators, competing in eight intercollegiate sports, are currently 89-14. Florida teams we finished no lower than third in anySEC Championship held this year and should be solid choices to maintain that record through the four spring sports championships. Hinson with a 289 total. Gator Don Sayett finished fourth in individual scoring with rounds of 80-76-71-74 for a sul total. Other Florida scores were: Phil Rideout, 307; Richard Spears, 310; David Oakley, 313; Wally Armstrong, 314; John Darr, 318. East Tennessee State and FSU tied for third in team competition. Soapbox Derby Ends In Wreck The Orange and Blue Soapbox Derby ended in a smashing wreck as Alligator Editor Eddy Sears was rammed by FloridaBlue Key's Barry Sinoff. Student Body President Charles Shepherd won the speedy race crossing the finish line about 6 inches in front of Sears. Sinoff's racer fell apart coming down the hill and rammed Sears' Rocket right at the finish line. As Sinoff's racer disingrated, Sears lost control of his car and flipped over. Both drivers only suffered a few small scratches. Blue Key's racer was declared a total loss. Rawling's Dorm won the powderpuff race while the ATO's captured the open trophy. ALWAYS A lo~ 5';; j, -~ s.AT Al QUIK-SAV WHERE YOU SAVE MONEY, TIME, AND PARKING-SPACE HEALTH & BEAUTY AIDS GREETING CARDS-XER( FE QUANTITIES LIMITED -COSMETICS )X COPYING PAPERBACKS-MAGAZINES-PHOTO FINISHERS ATTE NTIO N QUIK-SAVE now has facilities to reproduce your THESISDISSERTATIONSCLASS NOTESMAGAZINE OR BOOK ARTICLES AND RESUMES BY XEROX OR OFFSET PRINTING. FAST SERVICE. LOW PRICES. COPIES OR REPRODUCTIONS OR ENLARGEMENTS OR GRAFTSCHARTSDIAGRAMSETC. MADE TO YOUR SPECIFICATIONS. 100% RAG CONTENT, 20POUND PARCHMENT PAPER IS AVAILABLE AT NO EXTRA CHARGE TO YOU. ALL WORK DONE TO GRADUATE SCHOOL SPECIFICATIONS. WE GUARANTEE IT. SPECIAL PRICES ON WORK LEFT OVERNIGHT. OUR NEW OFFSET PRESS IS NOW AVAILABLE FOR YOUR THESIS, DISSERTATIONS, RESUMES, BUSINESS STATIONARY, FORM LETTERS, PRICE LISTS, PROGRAMS, AND HANDBILLS. CHECK OUR PRICES FIRST. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION CALL HARRY FEHRMAN AT 378-1001. HEAD & SHOULDERS SHAMPOO FAMILY SIZE TUBE $1.65 LIST Lucky Buy $1.09 PRELL LIQUID SHAMPOO LARGE SIZE $1.09 LIST It's A Winner 674 CEPACOL JUST MOUTH WASH WONDERFUL HAIR SPRAY 97 LIST 5 9 $1.00 LIST 5 9 Your Lucky Day Helps Put You In The Winners Circle WOO" QUI K-SAVE 9 West Universitv Ave. Downtown And F X ER O X F 1620 W. University AveIN RR E EI'gainesville's lowest Carolyn E Coupon Good 7Tru April 14, 1967 E prices on film Reductions Or Enlargements I Plaza Not Included In Coupon Offer. developing -LIMIT 1 one day service I PiZZA HUT 1723 S.W. 13th ST. Gainesville, Florida Tel. 378-5761 Order By Phone For Fusier Service Allow Approxnimately 20 Minutes DINE IN -CARRY OUT I 
