
PAGE 1

.'*1 I f( Conting Up FILorida Relays Today Spring Elections FMS W Glee Club Tonight h~ioci And Bridle Show FOR A GREATER FLORIDA UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA GAINESVILLE FLA. SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1939. N( I I I I FSCW Glee Club ( Will Sing First Coi To Broadcast With Florida Singers This Afternoon Forty members of the Tallahassee Glee club are scheduled to leave FSCW at noon today to witcapainitmake their first appearance in e absurdity of which history before a University of adequate description. Florida audience tonight at 8 a corner on the o'clock in the auditorium. b f cotooed with floaters,'. Md circulars, each pro-They will arrive in time to prethat m-and-so is THE sent a half-hour program over! conddate, and then folWRUF with the University Glee! f Ow* of "qualifications," -C te gauntlet of worthIclub, who is sponsoring the girls' OgW such things as capappearance here. The radio pro&I archery squad (if we gram will be heard 'from 5:15 to to keeper of the pool 5:45 p.m. Miss Etta Robertson direct the thing about these i that the boys who .VA obviously think that is exceedingly naive, Sinple-minded. If these think that the student simple as their literaIead us to believe, then ijtainly do bernean them' they ask to represent iner as the stupid stuFSCW singers who opned their, spring concert season on their own campus Wednesday night. There are 100 candidates for the club but only 40 voices are selected for the ensemble. Tonight's concert is a wellrounded classical and semi-classical program. "The Rocket," a unique composition by Victor Harris, will le one of the high)f 40 Voices Eleven Elected To Atwood To Talk acert Here Phi Beta Kappa On A frican T three Sandles Elections From A & S Experiences ei Scholarships Unusually Address Will Be RSi Virgil Conkling. cnilan of the election committee fi tiHe icxccuttive council'. di;'ets the voit'm of the ."tudent hniTy 'Thuslay ifternoon antI tie cintinii, id "l lights. This selection imitates an lots from tile tile tile pot ili-; of these qualifications." actual rocket In flight ending with Thursday until S ti I'tim' Fri to students in sizig bursting of the pyrotechnics. Anmorning. indicatee, for if they At1 other novel number which will atoper soit they attest tract attention is the "Echo -' Wofmfliddle th tac n Song," by Di Lasso. F l ridIMti who really don't have Sing Foster Songs qualifications, andi The songstreas will revive lovable Stephen Foster melodies withM running for particula"r Dream of Jeanine." sung by icffices, have put Louise Thrasher and the club. TheW tarde Is a relatively good asol h il 7T O ir -ta the worth of the beautiful FSCW school song, sung ,A voter should be able as only the club can, will cona great deal of judgclude the concert. Speak Before Two impry by inspecting the Miss Elizabeth Miller. vocalist, Rallies Of Alumni listed under the will be heard twice on the proAnd Friends *Meg.gra m. bw students on the camVarious fraternity houses are A lumtini interest ;lii 'itim5s 'd enough to let a entertaining the Tallahassee viAiin west Flomida. reailni ; a new into-office on thl, tors at dinner-and t-"Ambasmapeaht thit iwccl't. hi mda-ig t lIofof his being a member dors of Good Will," the University ficials of the Alumni tssuititiit. Rare Flower society' or Glee club, will sponsor an open ;ix -pokesmen fur ti. I tiivit ner in theTerpsichorean house at Florida Union from 10 sity, of loridi a within a ii i Yet, the literature continto 12 following the concert. two eenins ttit a dity it iit $ki the main, to iefleet the .Officers of the Florida State two rallies of foritmer lhiiia stOthatstudent voters will etect College for Women Glee club arc dents and friends, t iRotsity chili kIgms of flimsy, meaningless.Miss Esther O'Byrne, president;.meeting. anrid every senlipr lItgi ons" Miss Betty Bartholf, vice-presischool in .Jackson iitnty. i the lightweights with manudent and business manager, and L. C. Crofton. president if till red "qualifications" get into Dorothy Sanford. treasurer. UniUniversity Alumni tssiiitit i M, this will truly be 4 stupid versity Glee club officers who ar"Frank Wright. its exin'itie ne i cEbt body. ranged this first visit of the FSCW tarv arid ITliversity .htder I, OW I, THANIV. 'Ii' l' II. Glee club to Florida are Tom Byrd piublicity; St V c ( t'm t l .I(. MR DT 'Van Brunt. president, and Jim dent "i'4 li h In 'ets't% n"t"t 'i *; DUST 4 arland. business manager. body: -TichI "'lv. a hidlit Ililtr A few of tile 1iai'nt'y Y lldftel&d oth the FSCW club and the andl heat tcach'., ; li1t his t \'.ii 14 ind the tmsina t]favei discv University organization are plana$,9o'iates.4 1"1er Mihgst itt Md that it is grat fil to drive ning to attend the World's fair in .11lW411d ila .'"it tt Ito the drill fil I wet (ays ok at the same I. i'ida pait o te st i li Rdsiek New katesm i'Ui, aide ad th-r-rihI. Wle .Tonight's concert is the first apgotd-wilt''tar. a andget f f-r-rill. thbile pearance the FSCW group has All reports 1s1y t'h' tftt St 'li isUndoutbedly full for tile boys ti Tallahaasee this poal thP m :;11( cvs. Ill tw'' Id they might ev'n get a thi'll. made outside of Taday interpretaititn s(d li-1t 11' \ it works a hardship on the boys year. sity yiet''etld. And illn t m p1t. I o take niliititry imand have to rrogran Iratl -e hide A int(i 'ol,. itch <Ver that fuel( Ievery week. .ne that ther li cun chi When a car slices around the SpriggyHiGach.r use togroat e'ad ti li. m ieeld, it team's illi the grass. Echo Song -arranged by54ore ea tt t d makes the eart h loose. Di Lasso (1530-1594).L wht i n 525a t Tpe dy ht! Mi 1n Is means that marching feet! Crueifixus, P anins.thi ek1525-t s ni n Mmi stir up dust, and the boys 1594). mBrittanyclub plaed lost at a bt'.uet in O take military already have Evening Prayer in rib, b-plab mstiat. A i aim T -.;1 a-rni' h.Fi nd I nte' tough cramict (lowli their 1ftlot5 without having to swal* dust because some wa s want b dD their smart trit'k(5 on the &ill field. If the boy 'ssjoiihl'f.-t'this' Utt't wiling to st p) of tht'ir owni ft" Will anti accerd it is prob* that Steps will lie taken by Officials in ciarm ge however. "WSern for general welfir e should k enough to stop this. Dut is no jking matter' wien fti have to marnh thi'mgh cloids O it on hot cas ft CLAIIrl, OUCe again \.e (,t wi'a rilyI to the campttign uiettlv gorg o Ilnst the sttutettt btodyl\ in a 66 to end syphilis. We find We WCt'e too i brui(lyi ius1 i a cutimni we I'S % tvcsu-ille ago. %\ s! l.t:1 t ltePalns had it in m Ic'Sii -ate adShately for xencreal <seases5. WtIandcoret W are informaead thantt this palcamrnpaignm :S not against dimeases classilmed under the of ven-r-a dis*ascs, but 04Y against sytl:. .The proand imntijtm;ty spoken of two eekj ago it's (lily to Coflmmitte i tincarge of this n is going out into the etlig places off camps. and lnm that all pi ple wo handle fOd take a test to ctermin whethe' or not they 1re hoists to YMitiz.Thiis I 'ne of' tihe Wortbtiet causc s tliat jjaL lotie 0n the uimtpus of late, and 't 1 of ffinf te v'i+ to thc student bodt. Y. Every effort should a8.dt to cooperate with the Coati4u6d ou Vd 1rm Chanidc. LouiseThrasner Continued on Page Six Professors Quizzed For Scholarship By ArtsStudents High; 19 Have 2.5 Average Or Higher Highest schmiastic honor that c ij Ilte received by a Unive-sity of Florida student was received this week by 11 gra~luating seniors in the College of Arts and Sciences who were elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Chapter officers announced that they had great difficulty in selecting the new memhers because of the unusual numher of graduates with hi-h standings. Phi Beta Kappa was established on the campus a. year ago and is the oldest college fraternity. Founded as a social organization. it is now the pinnacle of achievement for scholars all over the country. Besiles the 11 mniembe's chosen this; week. two alumni members will he elected at a future meeting of the chapter. and one addit ionil undergraduate wi I b1 1) a waldil(, the honor later this senIester. Dr. Manning .1. Dauer' rtaN ,of Phi i eta Kapp ihere' an n itnIti' .I Tleed to m r 4 .eorgeT. Aristrung A rip rtriing is taking his group major in s('ene and hats an honor point aVe 2 oS 257. (harle It. Benton Benton is majoring in biology and has an average of 2,702. C(heIter Cassel Cassel is taking a groiiup major in biology. chemist r aid psvcoltgv and has an av1'r'ige of 2.810. He is president P hi Beta Delta social fraternmitv nII A lpha Epsilon Delta, honora y pre-med fraternity. -Joe Geiger (leiger is majoring i social science and has attained lhI' highest average in the Univers5t\. 2901.f He is valedictorian of -1989 groluating class. Geiger is a Ileiber of the Honor cui.t and is active itt other stu(tell! Irga nizations. He was re(entIly selected for Hall of Fame. Clarence l1y rime Hyrne is domi hi is mnajm r work in English and has, al average of 2.727. He has inoe t rmious contributions to th b.' -id;i inview nt is presie"' i thi Amecan Student I 'ii. ('irl Ft. Opp ()il major. ml nahim. iAivilig al aN'erage of :1 11i1s been o'i tihe st'afr d the Florda review and ""',' Jlonlit I'refr I'reer is a iiajr Slol g ;ild has ;ll a erage of I *ttmis Snef man S ietmnai is mi tiig ini thistory and political I tcw c ad has an average of' 1 712 lie has heen one of Flor"i's utstanding debaters for the jiA t three years, and is president ''f hw 1)e'ate club this year. He s member of Plorida Blue Key Continued on rage ,is (%oitiiied on Page ---hr T llh ih utO otoii 1~31 /f' W/ Metlber'5 of the newty-formed Industrial Arts club. 26 of the", foind a new wav to settle soniC old scores with the prof Thuisdanigitt. The boys made them take -an examination. the results. if -ilicS,'f il. to be equivalent of honorary membership in the organization for the profe:%or. Fitst of the professors. Director Harold S. Newins of the School of I-oestrv waA examined on the identification of woods. Prof. Frazier Rogers. college of Agriculture. had to solve some problems in his own course on gasoline motors. Dean J. W. Norman. College of Education. got around his examtination by giving an animated thesi-, "Sonic of the Least Smart Students I Have Come in Contact with in College." The club accepted every preso-sorial candidate for the honorary memberships. Part of the Thursday night ieeting was devoted to making te members better known to one aehother. Two students. Zelotes Ta.r Leaditg thtepar.fr .'f t h ini or and Don Cochran. were quts-prinmg. .John Hamilton. juiur mn jos7rn1ahlmtn. becomes edit or of the toned extensively, impersonally Alligator next year. Hamilton Ptstbished an all-time rocorit for and personally. getung an ulice without opositi. He won editolsflIp of the F toia EndwprinS.ashy. stucorinthe _d EdCl S. Frash. instructor in the Review last fall without having to run and in his sophomore year College of Engineerting.,'ll be became secretar'y-treaSUter of Psi 'fass by the same easy route., -principal speaker at the next et r -t ~ -------,f. .tmt club. I-e ----Illustrated By Motion Pictures 'The University of Havana and the University of Florida ate si.ter institutions working hand in handi toward a better undorstanding in the western hemisphere," Dr. Rollin S. Atwood, elirecior of the Institute of Inter-American Affairs, told memlbesi of the visiting baseball delegation ant!niemhers and pledges of Los Picaros loe4l hrinoray Spani.sh fraternity at a banquet Wednesday night at the Varsity grill. Outlining the curent movement of Pan-Americanism and the exchange of students between the two universities. Dr. Atwood continued to say that "tihe exchange of students is not only a benefit to the individual but is of utmost import a nce in the development of ttmderstandi1g and mtt tial re.9pect. which istte only t rIte foltinIA tis 'ii for jicarit' and i gt ie ,vill inl the Aoe'it'as'Hest ressfed the point that tihe best opportunity for this kind of movement iin offered by the formal a tidiformal life of exchianitge st dtoent Lauds Los Picaros Dr. Atwood congratulate Los Picaros for serving in the promition of Spanish-A merica affairs otl the campus, and outlined brieflv for the benefit of the Cuban delegation the activities of the lncal Hispanic group. "One of its most newest and most important activities,", he continued '"is now being planned in l ollalwration with the office of the desin of men: the establishment of ;Ill it etAmerican section inl the dormitories, to he occupied by; I chosen mimber(f stidenUt ftMon the United States and from th. republics to the south." He enphasized the fact that this pla would not. only provide an ppo tunity for the praetict o if Ilie tw \( languages, but also all excellevti opportuttity for the exchange of ideas. This plan i will call tor tlie' speaking ot either KInIi:A fr Spaltush otld N.oil coril (a v. Th second main sesker if ith'' eV4,11n1ing was Andrt tDavis. b 11et1" president of lao l'iiaPt'j I w addressed the atmliene I Span ish. TI)axis. a SotIIh Anericaii Stii.9 ei ''usto i .filt4 Ii' the ,'io t 0 Jui';s (, 1E' o f l'a e "1ie Alumnus Appointed General Solicitor For ACL Railroad To of i: i C vi 1 t Florida's moiA t outttatitinmg h;i iiii. John B. Sutton '1' T mpa. 'am another ling Stcl, on thve lmddor u iess dtr'ing the p;-t *. k k .ith Ili appointieni ts-s cie'ot nIir of tte Atlant c ('o ,t lii ri'ad fir th ,t;ite, 'if .\ I bal mitamdi1 1t lint theh te ('ilac ...i th I n ivesi N In 91t. 11;(1 4 IIttstas11ind i re iid v. biIre i c i nticim u at.1it l it d c ar tf.i 'n' (i h I l tii i( ci pa, ii 11 n 1 C 4I er i i iie t ti t i. c m Il i t,. I (,iiI .t I-i In t 1 1vt 1)n 1f whih c h I rt oa m11 e r'II f t t e t ax' it. TsttIiv V .IslAtItI II Coast I ,).fi cv1'1 t )ehet StIt ti r i e t n tIh" hi1 Hit e wdt',Iv l linft 1er -I t n fe hsilt Itt the fi-nt ofmKniht Viti o:lstiI and S. tL. of vii iht It ist or' fromis the firm t to help his. Sutto nt hfai l ong been prmI-Ient int Tamipa business and ('ixni affat i s He is a pas pr(i'en I t I f inth the Tampa and State Bat' a-s id' ut t o.t i dw d a f i h i e -i e m b e r (ff time state ordjr(.in i 'eI-at, in-d ers. He L directt erf he E's ihn:, Natiteal bank there 'and time Tapa $outueun Railgaye emnpan. He is also a member of the triusteesbsf the University of Tampa.r He is an alumnus of the Fiorida chapter of the .N1pha TA eiie 'vciaL fratermitv. III,l Unopposed B tn Viwt Itue tgI vw ithIlteI i C .' bcom)eIIcs edit )I of t he It it ill a ite '.'i lt ls I uvmg to II lv fulmher in I s mrac-e. Eu \', g t1i vesisit -1 1tion partv candidate, withdrew yesterday stitet' lioon. BrownIs timnutagitg ledi tiar th.-,a r. Behrendt To Give! Three Lectures Next Week Will Make Firt Talk Thursday At Union ut I S -huh Bhr'eiiit. desist its ,i'tei ai'' t Itie I mivxer'Siity ifi 1i411t1111 .is olititg to the cam pir. fi'r 4 t '1 p i .le rile visit itndel .,fpi'5 iIlie Inst itite (it InA m p f t ;4in.a ccm-fIin I .lwi cman 1A Ii r egmt rdin 1;chlen it. ail alimros of Nijer>i 1 : ;t4d -( 'ologute -ittveisil ies -n I ';tm i'aid st sle uiiversity in it' la te. will oienl his sIeries t alks at 1 ill.ph-mi' Wedneslasy wher I e spenhs ti a i'las s int trade huot'iz ,n' itp 'itiieh n .i ci a on x'i vopmI t itmpor s aand Exs f Ihe (ntral AniericauT k 'e 1 SIt a ntiaf I ts.' Isis (It f f" )I'a-'ir flitthI 'I cI it te i i tii, I tihme, Loirul )n -iiiiwjill i-tpeai t 1'i-it tfom na s f t e fIn l At \ ertta a rid -11te l c"ak under -' ;u.-its~(, f t he Intei nat' si It e ns 'l i is Florida t(11tlm( m111e SN No Orchestra, No Prom -Butt rnm i 5 Iet. I' S 'lasses t t':I f, i t I nior mibers of 'y '. orul i '.' s-s t e if a:s 1 o r'c t e s tra -'--i 5 .sitr.cl isy Missdav. Nix IIiButt. pm resident of the tm-i'or c-aas. made the anntoulnee'nt, adding that attempts to :-t HAl Kept. Larry 'Clinton, ArliShaw. Dean Hudson and oth-I -,At all fallen through. Executive committeemen from the jitnixir class earlier planned to bring a top-flight orchestra here f!'s'srig houseparties. but IewI's 'am tie lls week to kill their plans "hpn it was learned the orchesti; --ill nt nake it Advance payments collected on ptI'im tickets earlier in the semester are being refundled by Emmett Smith at the Phi Delta The!A 1' or at Fl rida Union dask1 Famed Tenor To Appear Here Monday Under Lyceum Auspices hI).%lfred 'A. khtiii James Met. ili) ;) i4 ti fav~wite s n.". cmlic ho kick 1. 111 le I:i pre.sclitiedl u 'i o "irIo tutu l' 5sei'(ld time hN H Iw yi' ii c sii t I'-stitimt, IwreilA i the 'hicagi .aii 'ali,. S .1,4in, 'in mintati ;a4ti I' --d1"-'''"'1 patties. 1-4t I I t .-11 b 1 : 1 t a t t I' concert lyi swi',N'iIvg tlIeiv st IIItemIt1 a ti Nity I ifIis attn outsiitC-. itII y' p I (,i'i 11 geemraI mad!issiol i ets at Ilorita Iim uonk i. 's5 Swann, president of tihe I" tilt sail lThurm's(tdy. Doors will be open ito student i at 7 15 pm. and t, others at 7. 1. pk m. ho added. Sang In (hoir 'ronm his first Iblte appearane as a vocalist in a churli choir in Citra, Via. wie're ho spelt his youth. Melttits (SUcCesS o ry i one that is mend un tsIutks btt u'aeiv lived.H Iis ca] aitv tl li0 castle tf thei'rs11:vii's1t'. asa., i restiiati lit 192(). ~ ii, with the I 5tiic''Sit 'V"batmul. It." discovered by D. A A. Miphri late president f fte t't''.-' 1iv, 'ho took an interest im t; I a a eit hint t, develop his ''iic' Three xy'ars of singmig itn 1nc Univelsitv Gtee club and ilsiig hi-s ssaxaplcii in the I mvert\ blist Ni( an m1 iti itlnul ltuitis iampii dance bands gave .illnmI the iPr Itialaryh exe ence tie desire! be fitidergoitg further sittv. Tranisterr'mg to Vai-i-btill its1 ''er'i5 v. le stiriiet ti l I a'ta ne& Is te icasi e I n! f ). 26. Candidates 1 From Race Foster Also May Le Disqualified From Running For Chancellor --p litiusv \I Oil. ll) ight \\whe tll I t iei s itP I tu politic a ) Irl 's, ( ato, alldt 'I ersitY ill 11,(11 l l :!) id lt () t}e st t e t t bi~lIY. ItI I It U p ltote th e usually, ivtal \' ed Iies y I u f tI I I I I ;tt Its a lit I(.Ip d I I Ha 11 j It u I I 11 111e 1 11 1 ,i n t I n s a11(N v ItlI Id r. I \\ a Shaw Foslr' a' 1v; i t -; as 'truck fro n tite I I' 1!I (-andida1te O r1'()I' (.1 ,11I od] o t'th( I 110101-CoUrt. 1Until 9 atod;ty* Foste Is ti 0,t I i t 'e 11 .Hesai(I last oight II: at x pectedawa t 'otbe b 0k i t h, -c a I g11a Cte)-a feated fir a P litical Iffi ws rurprised thtit he might II.lio tin for the fiti;[ n1t11 1 heti ei Il a t.11,?e ii i liI Tho tao ( 11 11 s i I l J IhIn I I; 11 1 tIlt n 1 i'p Ime cedit ii If tlie A Iliqi aI iw' aIs' isihlc. oli (,() ai d 11 \VeIss'iV tiv' )aI'It h -'>t>ne"nv nigt I : I We ssimgCr I ting the same \'sc. Ja( 1 'a cnse as i N I U4Ititi A 11 1 : I. ?I I.l avinm iII' i te j TI I Ite e :I I s I tI t .1A t I] 11tI I 1i c. r Ii )114 iheri'' lii V I 'It 0 ntC:, S11histudenite )1t bila nt t (' 25 Ir C s i I-%t -t rea asIi'1 11ve rst t v I 'itionputfourt a S s er tor t. (Antellit, i ()b JA! df th Itu 1t :1an 1 t es f ,I* swcretar -te s r I'mill's: t I it \s c -ti t t s : it .i! 1 1I merle Wasxworuiin tin'e hi t mi'i"iM utrmanager oftileAls to I"o f T I ;IIIi:i i i Iil i I e(' '. IrI'' I I i .oii of o t h *1ti tie dy ft ot i 1 'Itegv' of' Flogineocting. [Hilt Ci' vid tt ;111i k -l ham itt' oy, it ''P i (sin j~I e-. wit It'epr(ssctt phlist in civ (Ol it r s s. i th p tr s i ioir .l,0i11 Mlililitjei ;tndi .1.''I cine ness manager of 'it I, 1;ie.s-e: cditttr of tlip Sevili noole I Ta ny Bron ;41a1,1 tVor I singer businiessmanager 'f Il' -spi inir Willm a M terititiole n~iliu ( 'au (;'te n l-oa Mi tbot'u'y: editor of the Flori. Be4-,,iei'-MalrolmNi l t;a sso) i I'anI Nix Bear: lititH'% fkttlmtgvr #of I "lieFlorida Revie'b' nuthri .anoJim Q1tin. Edi o e "itor of he. T hB than indsey and Edward \' if hu te% manager of the "'" ho I Daviil IHedr'ick and .Jackt( i r. president of ther L fyee thells emi Tanies Garland ant Rayii I Kennedy: members of the L' Co ',, (otinl ~l two) to he electerd rF I vii Avant, William Griffim Ii.C' lie, Boyd andc Charlie Bri,(ka':I'reident of dile Athlet ic tim il ,atree llMadill and Vi' I k em' usic -president f I he Athletic rouncilk Jack 1it-t ;ii. iMendelson: e lrctar N i Itliletit' totinvil Belli M -( -i, 'v and iry mKeel:r ielfther i fA1ii letic vounei It wo ton be e(fl-( v f'' obbs. fDe~iitt1);''.k viilianm Zihary Jr. afft. FrWa ;it.w.)n I1m rBd dCof %turli publirIaI IPrtest. %VuYnt. Fred Buck ir-,i rit Ci.-Yvanrd Russell C-Im rk .E4 Iege of Agriiztue fti I oltiCn it .i n ii two o be 'tctr 1 B 'oorke. TDa .id ailliv .(t ( it .i ilalm ..Ar Jder 'n Er' oit,'f Pacul1ture.' si5 ''.c a a :' ri itI I-, ra I conill E. H. Kimg;i.l'P. i'j((t Iithe hoel .'0 eiehe xrs dertt) pae f~irhis 1 wheieu ts; Honor court M I S av for his lessorn.f al Pt Icm ohI'Imphtre%%ed JRox~ 'r .ofArts and Science%: r-t:'.5(1' -e i' ~ l io'W ni a' a I o the ldx e c uiti'e i re O ( toninued on I'age %i% to be eletd > Davi i I in B.i K ni. iis AI n -ind Dick An'lerso: .11( nr Florida Union Fishing t uo to be electpudi NI1;111g , Di ck U pg n. r, Trip Postponed .moi arnd Henry Guy. College of Busineow AdmhdintrItTh king fishing : twp i d ied timt: Executive council ltvi, for this morning in the Gif fto re-ted i Flelcher Rush. Et Cedar Kev has been postpone ..Lo'en?. Cecil Wilson and Li' "I Wea ther reports sho that condi [fk,.Iouuor e(ijUrt i two lions -iltl be unfaxorabip for fishei tedI -Henry Motes. E u,. -Kirk 'ns. L F1, M C lIlleu Trir. r'planned f.r April 15 tug;las Bi'o'n. 22 and 29. Anyone who would like College of Education: Fx-c to make one or more of these trips council Carl E. Crofton. V'iis urged to sign up at the Florida rw-,' Dukes, Robert Kenney a I th:, 'iri dealt io r 3. lisjit'. _vchc'It i-u itt Itrited to 15. Coiztinued jtrmgu k'age !si 8 Ilk I: is I )-10 tll#, acc for husmnssmanlager o Mellon Began Singing Career As University Band Soloist In 1920 t Mal a ite Wit vb 

PAGE 2

O'ComefiWill Ask Honor Court 1o Rule On Residence Clause Brown's Petition Causes Action On Part 01 PesientMe lion To Sing Ot President it i;dvnt Steve O'Connell has Gershwin his intenion a of ailingg S ng I.o i->air iou t to giv' him IAIISi iterp~et4tion of subseMeltott in the tr:ditori. I esday 14i c. :;-e(tiofl 8, article TV 'the night will probthly heai tie tenots iilt body (OnltittN. dealing ~wo favoaites Lily Stricklaind's residence requirements o "Lindy Lou" and "Summertinie'' i* lii Sdentiiot"t y whicl the bittGeorgusG'rsh'iin (-sjosei iri his Alrieical operaa, auon th haJs.i (of anuian 'Irgy and es.-." M-Itto has se.-liI' t tefi of a nomin ating *cted t kese two as favorites out .a by vJIAIZtton Hrown. ,, his utniqi s si ripert ir .s s announced hirs 1, ui10111e bec .it irncltd(es i A s I;Adattate for Executive l'0t11the issOt -rspri -sive Ameri-n ;1 1i si t-e General( ollege in an si)fnv lists its tenors ircles. pt I bring about a test case Ge-shwin first plIVed for hil hi I liiI ta c411f't to decide thi t siof "Sumime'-tirnie" wfitn t relli can tin Jul.slr -the t I w) -r-e i a s nit-rt tour l -o 5' ~gethe in :rt :sll-(;swi:.'.t p-s y-T ieaaarer<ere --r ~~ Itt irned the l.-tahity j-s tirrilation on the hLIsit h thad not beo-lr in ij at th4t lijiv'-rsity for' two ''j;' "It, s-st-testers. Brown conSaisi u that there is nothing in t-he :,,444 ae 'lauo' 4Wthe ontitution that both s*jies ters -:t'v been completed and that ('lege men should be able -( sntthe council. Simonson felt was sufficient room for t 5 :rask O'Connell to refer the t > the Honor court for' in,it tion. teal himself does not con:di sieshmren eligible to ruin but i' to a-k the court for' an 1.t-:jtetation inasmuch as under "I bigi-tIroh ) Itt.l itr"0(1 L it sit tilt ;-tybutu l te wi l i't. le Jad wriitt'rn it 1 tlit-opera. 1 have sunII it IIanyN tirites -SijCe. tsuwever. anid I CsASider it one of the u-rt test A merican soi u ever wriitt n.' Melto to Ie-IlariL4. The "'vo'swith a --i.il-'' as the hanrdsone tenor is knmiwn to thou-'ands iif tarts, is well-lknswi t 1iI his large rourtd ut negro ch:sracter and Aniericarn 'si\%l)owV soigs,) bti he is personally fond of Trish si-ertions. He has collected all the sonps which John McCormack. Chaun-ex' Olcott and Fiske O'Hara ur-ed to sing 'and is always ready to inlude them on his proErzi ms. In January. Melton went to jsgnt legal setilp Brown himWashington and sang for President mniot bring the matter beRoosevelt on the sixth annivers:r-v the court to sepk redress. The of his first inauguration. 1w1l probably be held Sunday ill oiiorder to decide Brown's The University of Wisconsin has I sr Tm-rseta llo e-tio, a new course to train students for careers in the ignited States for.eign service. Iulllcws Speak~sward acquiring this ability: i I To A4 g tudeni s havo-oe o) ethics, t21 learn how tio use good speech. 31 develop 1i. It. "Billy" Matthews. director a charming manner, I4 I have a Vlisnda Union. told members of knowledge qf social customs and lit, Ag club Monday night that manners and 15) always have a I h ability to get along with peoconsideration for others. 1,1 is one of the greatest assets In a business meeting after i psoi can have." The nmeetMatthews' talk, John Robert [hut:It, was held in the agriculture ler was elected vice-president to It filing. fill the vacancy left by resigna.Mitthews named five steps totion of Ottis Pippen recently. Check Your Radio, Sir! 1ON'T LET SPRING FROLICS CATCH YOU WITH A DEAD RADIO. Emerson, R.C.A. and Philco Transitones Radio $6.95 and up HOME APPLIANCE SHOP f11PNIE 13M 935 WEST I'NIV'FRSITV AVE. ~1 Havens Stresses sing Here Tonight Under Florida Glee Club'_s Auspices Tampa Students Abandoning Meet With Senimentls 'uies e Designed To Provide I"Iited out the Business Contacte 1""' towards For Future Graduates men as both fa rv blrab t to Tells Large Audience It Brings About Prejudice And Bias The sentimental side of individuals and its effects on their everyday life. work and love affairs were described to a capacity audienee in Florida tnion air stiu m in Monday night by Prof. Rnvniond l. v-'avens of Johns Hopklins uni\ersity in a public lestire E'ntitl-i "'So'nimentalism." 11rol. lHav( ns. critic anld scholar .,f int!er-rittional rp'u~ta tisin, was brought here .iv the College of Arts an(' Sciences and the English -Iub id spoke fluently*t on hi subject, oftnimes interspersing hunior-ous iliustrations to show his points Advancing the fornrula of the rtonphvsicaI r Iakeiip o i:in : s w%%ill power .intellectia lisit and -niotion, Hav--ns pointed out that nriotion was by fa r the strongest of the three in most individual-T'he speakers's reasoning followsel that b4ecat',;e of ti-.s.we are "lettin thheart run away with the head'' whi'h g-ets its into all sorts of difficilties that intellectual reason inL. it employed. would help us i void. F 'os t h i s juncture Havens cl\,%o-'t on the, different fields in wrich our sometimes uncontrolled t-motion, and sympathizing sentimentalism are raising havoc. tending to lessen greatly a person's happiness and well-being. To a great extent our religious services and beliefs are ruled h' our sympathies and emotions, he said, adding that our love affairs, cnijoyment of the fine arts as nu.-ic, poems and paintings fall under this profound influence. The movies also provide a strong stinur]us for our sentiments and eniotions, so greatly in fact. that it is proving detrimental to the individwial. when there is no outlet for them. Havets continued by saying that the. himan ract' as a xvhiole should strive for imrasimg freedom irom the control of sentimentali.-i on orllactions and thinkings. "Muddle ruindedness is the mother of sent i-, mentalism," he sa0, and declared that just as long as we entertain beliefs and thoughts acquired through our sentiments. then just so long we .shall remain prejudiced ani biase Easter Religious S pricess Announce~d Easter sunrise services 1wII bi" hlId this year at Newnan's k' in the tuniural observance of the occasion, it was announced last ni,-ht 'by the Council on Relic ious Ac! ivit its through its director. J. E. Johnstort. Each year several hundred stdents and townspeople gather to take part in a religious program contributed to by all churcA denominations represented in Gaircsville. Students who can furnish or who desire transportation are urged to Meet at 5 am. Sunday, April 9 at the Baptist Student Union building g or the Presbyterian church dow'itown, from which places ths-v v-I go directly to Newnan's Ialo ii th.e sunrise service. A majority of St. Lavi-ence uniVer-sity students favor subsist iza tion of athletes. -4 IThe cominlined glee clubs of Florida State College and Florida will give a \,VRU1F this afternoon riom 5:15 to 5:15. The local group will tals a slant' concel t. half hour broadcast over for the visitors aft#-r the Alum niao EHoldSurvey Fixes Total Cost Of Spring MeetingH4ere Elections At Estimated $2,500 Today Varied Program Outlined For Group This Afternoon And Night i nl tu ini it ,i., ail ov r he~sts-e gat hiIt-i tssufai fisi .P""tl'r titlu "i th' e execurt'e miuncil( of' the A utriri assiati ini. this attsn 'rid tssnight. 0f uers if their -.i altni i clubs and all, 1sdist 1"tsidtls have been in-t -i s" the ms-etrng. whih will be lr(u'Sided liver by .C. Croftor rot si. dent Featured by the Florisla Relays the uectinig will include a rA-rs-a tion perio s1showing of 'mit ion pi(tures anil a prIgrarn of spiaker ion topus i important to alurn. r This afternoon the visiting alunei open their ssion unoftic, illy by asIjoinin -to Grahan Fi-ld where e they will e spectators aiz tlhft Ist ann ual Fltwria -.i Offit it I tFisintss mu-eLing has Rsisefiwi 7 1urni.in Fh 'tidbi ni:iat s-S wil lie stisnuised of. A s ~s t5 sth -ast Iresid ts ii<hu<t ss lt is i<m e i g t a 0 It II II Iti 111-Knuwles vsw't o Oi i i ll x\it tlhe btIar -of conit-si ansi th'ls-2--satiir. Priisisfent1i1 )1t i IId lI tii s -~i t -.Isi It I rI ca rit It fit ch-c .111d ,-,is .I I It -issr lin,willn t lk ml Il l ireiti nt gni i riizs ttio I ithe Ahumlllll ass(1 Ittl l .The value of they s kun hi the t'riversity will h.tisi-ussed v B iil llivens Aftei sc-I talk itlh i ember )I ti ; l '1 w ill ,I (! all )jwnI f()ru m lv il iii t hui ishio Tholwam mg,.ilh e closc~l t 'l1u i -<~x il ~iui srs' 'i a s I ;s t mlt ii's si t ( I RwfBireI t h Comioi;g Liegslaturt-." Hostesses For Coffee Hour Announced Miss Wam -s\;de andl MrIss Mit! tollMt fis xwill be 1hostesses ftoor Hte FIsi ida I 'man s-of''s' flourto)tii r\ !t 'LT n si from 4:31 to s t -'-s :n-i the nion air(:to!i atin kill be 1--1iv the Rev. .1. 11Y s -hmlsisn Bat iit student pasti'c The \RIV illi'le quartet, as-i.psates h Mrs. PuRl Tow t th -i k. uill smtseveral numbe-rs dii i the set 'ites. I I hN i-4 outtI(ot usa[I R-ui% I) 'ITr-ou-, hou t the jIsas: iew v atus 9)rin g e4eeliIons -iisvt egrytwrt tag ""a nd-ul" i"ggi n re expe"Stat sf vsst i Iavs u-ill rtIis i s u-ni iirau t 'siitt(sinlo L rc th urnasne. Shoc-shilic ind bi p tioIt busin ess. Small rI I L r 1 ha ve hi-n expended in '-litera t-ui arsnd(Iispla y advert isingAnd again this year early signs of an expensive campaign fo p:sitions next to the trongh artalread y appearing. Thee i ,jnie mus~i)j whet her this is a healthy t osi --f thte Uriversityxs stmient govei nrient. and thi' fear has b-eer expri-ssed in sorte quarIti ers that it m ax 9) So r -its to s limit the h1ighOf fjoe President 1 St isu'rit shy 'is-e-l1--isderu t u(ItI l os x sin'-ss alusAlga sir I'slitsr t A HI g:ti .. lBusins.-s ~angs-i ito S-( i i El' ito f d R min -Huisinu->s M-la ttgs-r iii HEsxi', MianiagingE dittor Alha t l itis. s(t 'I'" i -. ll Isin Mws lnagsI si l' 15k -itsard of Stuntls Isrcati sa. E.x\ .( ltive ('()" (n i Honor (' ur I' Vtf-IIus("siiilciIt------' 41ital ( su ts 141r all oi'i'. It 1111ts, he rrn i ts iat tht aisovcistirals' is! .lhi(! 1 s:t) I. ll 51i(S sia uris 5sii1 1liiiswiri wer cli tIied Asuimtg that eacl Winner ws opihisss')iN, :Itimart who si-nti allkamount. the cost Im al(1 s ri-is wuirl t Isdoubled to $2(30. Thrsstill )lies i1st take into account this i i )part I tee each frats-u nit v Ims w shich tills -$220 maitke iItl (i tll 22.m5. AndsI till xwi:1 hh I.isfigu re 4of $22-50 the large amounts that sont tnatelniti-s a:'-uutirc to have spent on their favorite .sons have not licen brotg ht o> light ntr is thertatny way of doing it. Suffice it to say that most -tthe (miipis politicians are willing tf accept $251(1 as the regular f-ost of spiin2 i-lt-cicns while a Just IteeE'i aed BLENDED ENSEMBLES of FEATHERWEIGHT GABARDINE WS.95 JIM LARCHE 300 West University Ave. sfis s t(i caruisrda -fi st rit-tIls. Acordingly Th' Alligat -r has prcpi itd the followirsg siNu' on the ((MSt o spring elections for nspectioi by thestudent hody. Ox')IItsly it is iripossihle1 fuoextist figures to bobtain-l so it must he reneiibered that the 1'alowing figures are at best approximations. Nevertheless. they have been gotten from many ofthe letiding politicos on the campus who have Ieen closely associated w it h know what <lf not a lone what pe iod High 5-0 10 27) 211 20) 2:0i 241 244 1.2 5 ~ past elections and should as well as anyone about was spent. These figures pertain to the last election but are an attempt to find each office cost over the of the liseveral years. Low E.,t. 2o 34 411%I :14 25 20 --5 214 12 Are Ni. Of"'.' $75 1 42 1 22 I : I 12 21 11 1:18 17 Ave Cost $7-5 44) 112 4.-1 24 2.20 22 14 15 242 143 SIoa -ews' can lA Is t uum wil miainitai that it is closer to $354)(). A largpart of this iony g s-s for party leo-s. imtost -'f it g10's for printing, and the rest oet. fir'u 'ties aid ot her things. Summer Gator Applicant Deadline Is April 4 Appl11icants fit'4)vitor antd bUsiriess managerof the Summer Ga tor, summer school equivalent of The Alligat-r. must have their written applications turned into the board of student publications office not later than 5 p.m. April 4. These positions are open to any students who have had experience on public, tions and will attend both term., of summer schol. Applicants :nust also plan to report t for woi-k five days prior to the first i.:sue which will come out on ti. first day of registration. FA'tor of the Summer Gatr receives $15.0 for the 11 regular issues and $10 for every special edition. The business manager i 'ceives 25 percent fotr~ all aslxerti!ring sold and collecte-d. The majority of the WeUesley college freshmen nave indicated that they prefer home-making as a career. i~if~ bi' 4the !111,1( i nent ia vedthem to km% \'I,#o()Iwork they j Approximately -15o Tampa stildents4enrxlledif the university doibineni with President John Tiger't and Dean W. J. Mfntherly andl'Dean t. C. Beity t ;ntertain wiith a smoker and 2 generall meet ing 150 prominent business nien from the students' home town in kmoriAt Union Mondlo night in the first imeetiry 4sf its kind hed on the campus. Purpose of the rnm'etirtg was to establish closer contact bitvweenI University students and business nn front the town in whichli thwv will probably btgin their business careers upon graduation, and to ntquaint em44oYing lisilwss 111 4er Wi th tie ty ies ld 1 r iS sof training received at the V'nivirsity. Dick Rodgers ol)ene the -vening assembly ty intr'oducing Dr. Tigert and Deans Matherly nirlil Beaty as representing the Uiniversitv to the occasion. Tigert went on record as stating that he hoped the occasion would establish a precedent and spoke of the beneficial results to both parties of such meetings. Traynor Ar' %. C F. M. Traynor, president of cer'emi>nies, took ;ver the reins of the meeting to introduce the Tampa delegtaion and express to the visitors the inestimable good that the students shall receive in the future from such meetings. Frank M. Traynor, president of Tampa Electrii company, in reca v()ra iii Janws Banton, natirt engineer, i-xhiibition of Pol"r fait that this lightng material f f i oy still in high vXtm tfl ie of wthat.M(ommltt \M'-1bers of the siM -flu) whofoune timonptosvij of Wadsworth, Frank Norri4, Paul Raey is ari dDonn 5Ife'StlOr,~ of other a Imiiarnature, am by 4;.D ave Cwtj*, lile Tamnpa cbAmnbeoj that the citizens g promising their port in putting ova ings. and that a gr>up can he sent to tine in the fat, All Tampa studeft1 in formulating plan SII ture Aession with meniare asked to be 0 mie(ting 8 pm. Tkh"4 the Union. South Dakota Statea dents eat on an averp iee cream cones daly. A 1-tcord cl went 4 676 Inivt-rsity of orrei is Te "WHY DO COLLEGE MEN PREFER PALM BEACH,. SUITS AND SLACKS?" espondfti repoitel xas. it FOR THE TEN BEST statements of 50 words or less answering the aboVe question, the Goodall Companyv will award Visit your local Paln Beach store. See the new suits, slacks and formals. Ask the salesman to show you their unique features. Then address -to the Contest Editor, Goodall Company, Cincinnati, Ohio-a statement inot over il words long, telling what specific features of the new 1939 Palm Beach suits and slAcks appeal to you as a college man. /> /e le /ib answersrs will />e retc-irdedt 4sh follows: FIRST AWARD SECOND AWARD ... THIRD AWARD .... FOURTH AWARD ... SIX AWARDS EACH OF $100 $50 $25 $15 $10 DUPI.I(ATI AWARMID l\ ITll: I:VT\T 01 TIES Only men duly enrolled in a recognized Arieruarl college or UnIversit) are eligible,. etters niu-.( be postmarked not later than May 31-and must contain your college, class and name of your favorite clothier. Winners will be notified by mail after June 15th, so be sure to state your mailing address as of that date. Selections by Contest Editor will bind company and contestants. Entries, contents and ideas therein become property of GOODALL COMPANY CINCINNATI, :OHIO NI ---,-, --,wo-wf PALM BEACH SUITS ~ ARE SOLD AT THE L. & L, MEN'S SHOP IN GAINESVILLE PAZEL bW6. *Sell '----/ AROSTRIPE-fora well-dressed Easter Here's the perfect companion for your Easter spring suit-an AROSTRIPE shirt. Under one collar you get two of the most important shirt trends: white cord stripes and chalktone colors, in blue, green tan or grey. You also get the incomparable Arrow collar .plus the Mitoga shaped body design plus Sanforized-shrunk (fabric shrinkage tss than i00. Buy this shirt of the year for only $2 Ar.0'ipe ties .......$1 HRO/FTSHIRTS Political Printing G i v e n IMMEDIATE SERVICE -at ALLEN PRINTING CO. Opposite Firm Station Phone 620 309 E. Main St. South 'NUFF SED Burnett THE Clothier NORTH SIDE SQUARE For Prompt and Expert JI;WLRI REPAIRING WATCH REPAIRING OPTICAL REPAIRS C. H. Coles & Sons NORTH SIDE of SQUARE r, I 

PAGE 3

II SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1939. PAGE THERE Makes Talks Campus Speaker Fears People Will Doubt Efficiency Of Democracies am afraid the question of racy versus efficiency will in the minds of our people," ed Dr. Ernest S. Griffith, opt the graduate schol at can university in the nas capitol, in his final speech Mw campus last night in FlorUnion. ffith, ,who is an authority l-fureaucracies and technocrac-*0in government, spoke three ow~e during his two-day stay! Sponsoredby the InternaRelations club Thursday and by Alpha Kappa Psi Delta Sigma Pi h-noniary erce fraternities Ftiday the te school dean discussed passe of D e m o c r a cy,' ftanging Relations between ess and Government as I b ft in Washington," and "The Public Administration" in order namedemause of the enlarging and ng technical aspects of the social order, people must be of the merit of tech4-cratc agencies and bureaus are needed to administer pepely to the problems which us," Griffith told the IRC 1huday night in the Union. *Mfith talked of politics, religIW, world affairs, economic and Woal problems the world over, fen the birth and growth of .tUi-xemitsm in the United a'liesTwo Solutions There are two ways to solve the economic problems which confnt us; one is to restore autonatic control of business, which i free competition. the other' governmental regulation of con.-petition to protect the interests of the small enterprise. WXat oe need, Uriffith said. is a way to unite us as a people and Yet Reserve the individualism w'. ch is characteristic of our democi ace'. '"The church is cne agency we might utilize to fend off invasion and encroachment upon our' political order by fascism, conuunsm and the like," the Aaencan university dean pointed out. "Religion and tascism are incmiand cannt progress to.Our hope may well jie I be said. ing i elations betwt on -and Government as I was .he subject of Dr. second addess ye;ern in the west dini,4 ,4f the cafeteria. '09pcause of large scale 7+ there has oeen a growtn prie nd wage fixing by cngroups for seish intert." Griffith said. Lobbyin:; Si the principal instrument usc iby kug business to control the pioltical administration in Washitigton. Opposes Moopoly There are two policies which might be pursued to alleviate encroachment upon the small nrichant. by big business, the dean said. One meth d is to license laige corporations to prevent monopoly and the other is to work out a system to delegate control of industries to resp-nsible groups who are familiar with the intricacies of the particular field of economic enterprise they are to regulate. "New Public Administration" Was the subject of Griffith's concluding talk. given in Florida Union last night. "The traditional picture of government administration. ec zmmily known as the 'spoils system.' ia disappearing and new conventions and usages of administration and the constitution are arising in the United States." the dean emphasized. What we need, he said, is to establish a bureau or board which will see beyond a Particular interest of industry and Will conceive the ills and needs of the country as a whole. Thus an agency must be had to point Out these national ills and to proPOse a remedv for them which Will benefit the entire nation. "We are toilay in our goVernmore ci nerw whtith t he pclicy' rather than the adration o(flw to the letter'. In our judiciary aswell As in our -legIslative bodies this is true because the new legislation is of Such a technical nati ve to be beyond the con-eption( of members of Congress unless it is interPreted by experts rr technxrat9. the visitor toll the ,( oup. Prof. Angus M. Laird of the C-1 department presided as chairMan at the assemblies yesterday. "l ally Girls Ilo Be honored At Dance OPe' house toniglt at Florida Union is i lholnor of the FSCW Glee club. wvit are guests of the UniversityGlee club this weekend. The Seminoles will furnish mul, featuring their drummer, Joe '--ding. Price of admission will be qtjg-., To sp Forty-Nine Make A lligator Workers Provide AbnormalBehavior Siud.i Ph.Kappar ByHill Be'g tents for a nervous hreakdown you ever seen a alaouSe clinic in their efforts t tiatc ll Issued For New Honorarywaing?alking doesn't make the number of pages. tbe a'Iq t1Clu H o n o r ryh q .q,hut it's art f have been procureu. tue stoto 1, i. Dr. Wallace W. Atwood. president of Clark university and a geographer with a national reputation. speaks in Florida Union Monday night. His lecture. "Fiom Capetown to Nairobi", will be accompanied by color m-tion pictures he took last summer. Mixup, Vagueness Feature Amherst Debate FloridaI Despite Sides Boys Do Well Changing Indefiniteness an itivaguie ise featured Florida's .debate wit I Amherst here Mondav night as both team wandered off the track of the question and wondered on which team the burden of proof lay. Consequently both teams failed to present many conclusive arguments, and the individual speaking on the whole disappointed most of the audience. Dehatin on the question. Resolved: That the United States should cease to use public funds including credit for the purpose of stimulating business. Florida. represented by George Young and Davisson Dunlap, had a great disadvantage at the start. Manager Bill Waits had made all arrangements with tMie Amherst team and had announced that Florida would have the affirmative side and that the visitors would uphold the negative. The visitors startld everyone concerned when they announced they were supposed to uphold the affirmative and were only prepared 6n that side After' a hasty huddle. Young and Dunlap decided they would be able to oppose the visitors and upheld the negative case rather well, considering their position. Argue in Favor Channing Richardson. f i r s t speaker for Amherst. said lie and his colleague were not opposed to pump priming in its basic principIes but that its usefulness was over and the present time is ripe for discarding it as a feature of the government. Admitting the value of deficit spending, he said. however, that the emergency is over, business is ready to take over the burden of employment. and that he was in favor of cutting off all appropriations except part of the WPA. Dunlap, first speaker for' Florida. thanked his opponent for presenting so many facts useful "to our case" His main point, hesides informing the affirmative that the burden of proof rested on them, was that business is not vet ready to take up the slack if government spending were to stop in the near future. Young Makes Queries Young then spoke, and in acordancee with the Oregon plan of debate which was used. a s k ed questions that were answered by Richardson. The Florida veteran had little trouble in entwining' the seemingly inexperienced viitor in a maze of questions from which he was unable to emerge satisfactorily. Bob Burns. second speaker for Amherst, attempted to involve Dunlap in much the same way. but wkas unable to ca 'ch hiri. yog ave the siiniatii for Florida and in a fev minutes brought fourth his tea m's contend tion that pump prinuiing should not stop. Burns did the same for Amherst but tried to show why gov'er'nmnent spending should stop. Although the contest was a non-decision affair. iost of the just Ifeceaitmd SPORT BELTS Pigskins~ White Buck Two Tone Leathers Braided Leathers Braided Cord 1. 00 JIM LARCHE .1M Wont Jnivrtv As". Groups Is From First Class To Enter General College Phi Kappa Phi, national honorary scholarship fraternity, announced Monday its list of pledges from the 80 eligible graduating students. The pledges, 49 strong, ar the first group to have gone through the General College. In addition to the underg-raduates two members of the faculty. Dr. Truman C. Bigham professor of business administration, and Miss Henrie May Eddie, acting librarian, were pledged by the honor society. Eligibility to Phi Kappa Phi is restricted to students with an honor point average of 2.00 for three and one-halfnyears. and the student must come within the membership quotatallotteddto his cllege. ;f the student does not come within this quota he may stilh be elected to membership if he has attained an honor point average of 2.30. Officers for 1939-40 were also elected at the meeting. Prof. W. S. Perry was elected president to succeed Dr. J. Hooper Wise; Prof. H. P. Constans. vice-president; Prof. B. J. H. Otte, secretary: Prof. A. L. Shealy, treasurer: and' Miss Gwendolyn Lloyd, journal correspondent. The new officers will be installed at the annual Phi Kappa Phi commencement banquet May 27. The list of pledges and the co lege or school from which they were selected is as follows: AgricultureJohn D. Servis, James P. Toffaletti. Architecture---Alfred B. Parke r. Arts and Sciences -Joseph L. Geiger. Leland J. Kitchen. George T. Armstrong, Chester Cassel, Gearge L. Simonson. Carl B. Opp. Luis F. Snetman, Alexander C. Vuillemin, Clarence F. Hyrne, Jr., Jlonn R. Preer. Jr. Charles R. Benton, Harve E. Truskett Rayniond Ehrlich, T. V. Lefevre, John Crago. Richard C. Rodgers, JaCo;) H. Adler, Charles Roman. Jr. Edward C. Williamson, Bishop McCauley. Edward A. Stephenson, Milton M. Gaynor, James S. Reynolds. Wallace F. Fuller, William F. Jacoby, Thomas K. Todsen. Business Administration -Hoke Smith, Waldo W. Wallace. Woodiow %V. Wilkins, Joseph M. Mizrahi. Chester C. Holloway, Jr., I)ouglas H. Brown. James E. Davie., Jr. Education Cameron E. Thompson, Thomas Byrd Van Brunt. Norian C. Halsey. Leonard P. Meares. Engineering Y. W. Yamnatichi, RIichar n10. Wright. Alexander F. MacDonald. IHoward I. Gray. .John H. Brundage. Forestry Leslie A.JHcobsiel. L w James S. M lo y, Ivan l. Od e. 'IIha rmIacv Arnold 1. Alcrt Grimes, Wakefield In Tallahassee For Debate At FSCW bill Gims i.and Tom Wakefield maclde the trip up to Tallahassee last night to debate against Washington and ,Jefferson on the FSCW campus. It was the second Oreon ty'le deb;ite that Florida wmn hwv pa tici pated in this year. Oregon style features iross-exanuation by the second speaker as well as 1 nInmute constructi speeches and five minute rehuttals. The debate. under the auspices of the FSCW debate club. was on the Pi Kappa Delta question. "Resolved that the United State shou(1d cease to use public funds including credit fori the purpose II stimulating business."' akefield and Grines liplield the neAtivi' fir Florida. The Gadfly Continued Irom Page One committee to see that this plan is carried out. Once again. we urge students to take the blood tests for syphilis. The original guarantee of' immunity and treatment holds on hLq. This is a worthy program. and as such, deserves student ",obvy will probably have it. any way. auidienc'eleft with the distinct impre.ssion that Florida had completelY outpointed the visiting t eaI. Ray Kennedy, General College debate coach and a member of the varsity team that recently returned ftom a, t nr of the east. IC se Se. u sU I p~al oi a phrase. Anyway, if any professor of a psychology class wishes clinical material for his students in abnormal behavior all he need do is take the path to The Alligator ofthat have been turned in aad the stories that have yet to he handed in. Smoke hangs heavily over the crowded office. and the 1pcn willfice on Friday afternoon. dows only serve to let in dust and In spite of the positive deadline moluitoes. Cigarette butts and Wednesday night there is always -a crump led paper litter the floor. quota of flu.-tered reporters typmng and the scurrying persons \Vdc at great speed on all the available through feet of floor ci ivering. nit typewriters and making the maiiixiru-g. mum amount of noise that four machines can produce. In one corner one edit or sings astenesgn oe .rgnlx o Adte nesSn"uigte w ee u the tg li-,; mients n'xt iors ra dua These ad ossarv DE the club'sr Paste. designed originally to Adth;na re I tr Lboh r, trips bo)th fasten stories together, is spread wrong tune and forgetting the a of from one end of the office to the words, to the distraction of all. equer ()f other, and the gentlemen of the alternating his so-called singing hatelv ber press are gummily batting around with "It won't do.".In another the old m k corner an editor sits and asks like flies on very good flypaper-. th "vill be held Lusy soutngwhere the popcorn is. In an()ther n Lusty Shouting "tvn~ Each head of each department corner another editor sit, and tells .i i s all the other editors to keep their sets up quarters in various --eca n hc. nve fte tions of the stuffy office and pants on. which, in view of the shouts lustily until he gets what heat, seems an uncmoifortable edict.8C00 he wants, then proceeds to mark eot of noise antios of smoke, it up with a bu pencil and disca osofnierndot fsmk it. It would seem that thle editors but The Alligator (omnies out every Busnafs of The Alligator had taken a week, in spite of the boiler factoryal <i~li a > ultaI madhouse appearance the officee Dr. Uwiu cial course in the .use of blue pen-apac teofc Ir tci cil. for relyy such proficiency in presents every Friday afternoon. f soolo cruelly cutting each pro.erred story did not come naturally. The telephone busily rings all the time, each time wanting something not even remotely concerned with publishing a paper, and often the speculation that the telephone company has given The Alligator office a wrong number is bandied about. People cons-antly come in T h e stor and out of doors, and when (ine is able to find thi-ee'(loot's leading into one office he can imagpi ne the number of people one sees. It should also be taken int.i consideration that fully half the people do not h-long in The Alligatot office. and. having no ploce to go, ate atti-acted by the bright lightand tile quiet thunder that takes place inside the forbidden but who cares '? portals. The editors appear likely pa-1, n \ Bruy S:I t m 'I k, 11 ~ -1 2 I.\ e -n gy Role In s Explained s.\ I ii i \i:' t A:'.' n a v for s",-, it Iv'es should enidea'nir to wo-(rk t ,'I ~ d ,f the iuhli( Fur 1 Mr o, tl 0'sociall m ided than we are but\we ar., more inIlrvit hIu;IIs t i. fi stol sAid. Di'. Br ist -l's talk wa.s the fourth in a series by members of the facult v which the chapter is sjpnsormg to bring the faculty of the College "f Business Administration in closer ontct with members. Don't forget your trousers I Palm Beach a I tall vc'lv\' nellIt( judge a ial by his clothes ...fIIt wNhat happens whell he takes oft his coat Franklv. 'o'' got nothing to worlTY abmlt, il g PALM BEACH SLACKS Their wel 1 romilled ll, is pernallent -so Is their alir' c o m I rt. That's wvhv the kings ()f sport prefer the I .. thaCs why you m'll 'er be satisfa':d till you(I own Ve tial pairs. $4o75 The Fairfiel miol 1fm 12let -'willg&'satid t I v-es. I I. I Ic)11 t, IS a L (),)) I( with aee(tain(ll efII(te They determined to l Iilm I'W.101k Ilot Only thecoolest slt ( m (':i, 1. tl t c. And these werc' t heir )i )*J(c't iv '.\A iw w f1 ngl,' ()f softnesand iatir d (11itw ...1m \'Q( fit at the collar andI b:ack. ...w lt sn ne)th( lil at tile shoulders. ..ss \(i t ..i. Ii 'I w nid > ,tt rn that mid h w-))il to l)USilles. 'They atta\e> cv tr* v ,) i> Beach to sell !At theC OA'i V 7 -' Ii V V'(t).-: CSli Il oday nd ) vRj of this h istoi'v-111akvig 11';11(1. PALM BEACH *$15.50 SUA('kS. 81.75-I -I -I IEery light colored suit isn't a Palm Beach. E v e r y Palm Beach isn't a light colored mult. There'n only one genuine Pan JIeah--and ^e ha-e it ...in all oloir-for c iry OC(UAiOfn. -it The L.&L.Men's Shop L.&L MEN'S SHOP ':1 -.--I -:rIr.7m The Varsi~ty Gr ll Ar Cohnd'iionedI 4 I I lipow 0 I .I i "Ir 22 V IL2 f% n 191% A Ago 2J.4 Amp lft -en Mi r imiMin 

PAGE 4

rAssckd Cl~e Pres Dierbstm of GCekdeDed Member of The Forida Intercollegiate Press Association Volhime 30, Number ?6. A weekly newspaper published at the University at a suioscription rate of $1.25 per year. *The Florida Alligator Frank Klein ..Editor-In-ChIef Frank Cowles .Managing' EdItor Ed Rood ..Business Manager Entered as -:,j rnas onst office, Gainesville, Fiorida under the ac. Msmarch 3, 1"89. Advertising rates on request. Discount r-es on contract for 120 column inches or more. Other infor. nation furnished by Ed Rood. Business Manager, The Florida Alligator, Box 2785, Unversity Station. Gainesville, Forida. 0 C anpu Pig Pen Who hasn't heard of the prowess o f some of our tracker hog-callers? Those fortunate enough to hear them in the flesh have never heard the world'., best. Surely he Lust live; one better than any ever heard before or since. We meanthe hog-caller who can call the hogs into the University's pig pen. Somehow, though, we doubt that even this world's best could call hogs into the University new" gymnasium, especially the "Men" room, nor from wat we hear' the '"Ladies" room, because vou have never Seent a ig peI as dirty as those twio holes. What's the e(' xCse for th ii foul condition of the basketball court (new 3ym) building where we must hold our big' weekend functions? There is none. There is a janitor hired for the lirposet of keeping tle place anything but a pig pen. The athletic departtiiet chiarg-es as iuch as $65 fIor the studelt hod V's usilg the gymnasium duringg a weekencdl such as the one just past. Used ten times a year for a period of ten years at this rate the athletic department makes $6,500, the price of a gymnasium or basketball court. Still, the gym comfort facilities wouldn't draw pigs with the best of the callers to do the calling. Something has gone amiss somew here. Other parts of the pig pen are better. On weekends when the gym is in its best shape the girl friend doesn'Lt get her evening gown very black because of sitting in the balcony. On an ordinary weekend a person can count the number of girls who have rested a minute in the balcony. Each gown is generally black from sitting there. We would hardly classify this matter of better care for the student body's basietball couit, which the students must rent before using, as one our "campus midges" such as the need for replacement of that water fountain outside the library. It shoul1w he cleaned and cleaned often, or burned down. It's becoming aa social evil of the rankest kind. NamnelesDormns Those new donitories so rapidly nearing completion tell many stories. Each is the culmination of at least one great chapter in the growth of this University and moving throughout these stories of accomplishments have been many great characters. Those characters are the men who work on the construction of the dormitories, those who have worked in the past that the University might grow to have this need of the dormitories, and, finally, the men who have played the important roles in the University's actually getting these (lormitories. Several men played highly important parts in seeing that the I iversity got these new dormitories. The names of them are most closely identified with our securing them. Because of that we think it strange that these dorms go unnamed. They are unnamed in the sense that Thomas and Buckman dorms are named. Central and north are conveniei names for the geographer but, although we claim a great amount of acreage. this campus is hardly so vast that we can not keep our dormitories straight by other means. We suggest that these new dorm it ories, including the "new" dormitory itself. be named for people who have been responsible for their building. Surely, doing So iS a comnm on geSttlre on the lpa rt of universities and Colleges and it is a very fitting one. in the case of the construction of the dormitories here we can be sure that several people stand out for their support in getting these dormitories for us. Chief among th se outsiders have beell members of Florida S congressional delegation. Because of their m emberships in the upper h house it is logical that Floridas 1'. S. senators, Charles 0. Andrews and Claude Pepper, receive what small expression of appreciation we may extend them by naming theSe new doriitories for them. We have heard from many students a desire to see the new dormitories nanied for some one. \\e also think of an outstAnding man-with the University whose name is closely connected with g owi tl iof the University. 111k' third ofFlorida's g r e at "uitnamed" doit o ies, Nev D1orM, could wel be ianamed for this L erIsoll. It is strange, also, that not onile of the all aidditiOlns it the Ili\&'i-sit o l, r'ecint veaIs has beii iaied il li his holnlo. A gra\ae ovll sight. We feel that tInIing these iI (totnIIiriws is a thing that might be done to ad \ antage. There i no> nee( to fear that .ome one will be slighted. We ruI'Lin risk of slighting many peopIl), by not ho.orming at least those who most de erve this honor', for to honor these mlilln .: a0 lie same tilie to ho -t h1114. c ji-i JI I I'r~d or 0th,1m. O"Counell's 31e%age 'lh(e mino.t striking charetnit in a democratic governing en is the VOi0 tha each constituent has in that g\ewnrilt. Th'V fiact that tI student gO'lIo't iD proah'lles a true democra'y il openalti.0 :t W 11 a, ill th o y account ri 114)'oli ll i tv fot' the u1N p ece1lde tedl SM c ('.'S t 11t we hia\e e ix per i icd l ill \ ,1'o i lu -j selves under thve pi'sc'nt Systlen. A democracy vis based nt h1 p1(1 i that its constituents activelV pa iitcipate in the affairs of their gover un-nt and especially in the selection of --ii ubh( officialIs. It follows.from this tiat if t stUdllents fail to take an acti 'i i nt u 'i the selection of their leaders, wir ch it <lemocracy Will not be a stiCe Ll oi and the leaders will not be be-,, .ualii'l to represent the student body. The f'rivi lege of voting nit student bOdy officers im LIst nt be tMndetat'd since the oreatest guialtee of (Icimoiracy that we have is the poe el'i th ballot. At the same time the \Oter 1Ml. assuilme the responsibility of' invest igating all the candidates and ('asting h i vote oill' V after serious conside'atimi T he future of stud!'Tlt go 21lrnmet on ou(i camn pus depends ion ea student's -giving careful consideration to the qui!ifications of' the varioub candidates ajl then voting for the Inel wh i his miul most I'ully deserve the office's. .We should all do our pilto pepe*uate FloridL's gleateM l lltholi of' i'l stUidenit government b' gllitng toI the polls Itlur'sday aid voting for and a best fitted for their jobs. Steve ()'( nnitell, PI'esidelit of' the Studte'int boil\. Can Freshuein Ru,? In the next (al 'or so the il lior' ourtt will hand down a rulingwhich \\ill di'vide whether reshnien aiiiniln tfill slldent body office at the ed of their freshman year so that tIihe( can sertt (luring t.i sophomore year. At the prtsoint time 'th (;eneri al (',Ilege is relO'eselt('d oilt th Exict i o coun ili b six junior's who alre all it-I tip)wri Ili isionl colleg's. ,lTh v'e t 'll a\e' lost contact with the Genetal ('olilge and actuallv r'epi'eseit it in naMin onelY. Oh\iouls\' such a Conliti0n siiouiIll h' remllediedl. rIlhe at \wil ha I.to e from niong" thIie fresh men tanmsI \o .A Anf' amenC~dmll'nt to th('CONStittiol alM n Call bring represenitatiot to thoe fi t-l.t m en. At present the ruing neans thit freshmen were not intended tohe e co'lside'(d Candidates. N\ \-.t klow\\ \ht the status of' the f'reshimaii is ald tokl whatt it can be changed and most imm fi.wi the procedilo (doil4 so. Alligiator Safff Bob Cody ...Asoiate Editor John Menninger .A. ..A"oiae Editor John Hamilton. .Editorial Board Jack sweger. ...Sports Editor Jamel MacMullen-.-.-.-Makeup Editor Rillie Griffin. ..Feature Editor Fred Btickle. Fraternity Editor SPECIAL REPORTERS Ray Boozer. Charlie Fo'ter. Herbert G(oldman, Ton Guthrie, Ia'nes Mahoney. elmont Tench and Rutssell Clark. FIRST YFA REPORTETIS Tyler Bowie, John Cotton Brown. Thom a Ileeth, Herbert Jamison, Alfred Iohn. Bill Rega, Arnold Sussman, La Mar Watts, Donald WeisBUSINESS STAFF MEMBERS As't. Business Manager .Merle Wadworth Circulation Manager .Bob McCann Ass't. CirculationI Mgr.John Fleming Credit Manager.Fred Cantrell Advertising Manager .Ford Thonipon BUSINESS STAFt ASSISTANTS Ernemt Wynn, Jack Pace, Cyde Iliggenbothalm, Bob Bennett and Ralph Turlington. CIRCULATION STAFF ASSLSTAINTS Milton Lip itz. Saul Lemine, Mitcheli Baumstein, Walter Sterritt, Joe Farish, Jim McDonald, Ted Littlewood, Bob Walter and Dick Ward. LOCALCOLOR T WE SURPEALIST LoOK5 -CA MPU I POLIT KIC K ( "I 'K ) P~4) -I rejc~ITPE5TUDIO By BILL ean --( OneO f the inost har-rnfulllv sen iientai ieas alw-aa these davs is that student ovieimrieni lit're at tie l n \'i itirs i 1"' i PIir'ta "is a very fine thii. inustiallY disti"iimsli' oi iA 'demii ii-a .' t he best sOl (it' f tr ni g toufld fOl. niitin c pdit i( l citizenship. T r1. i 1 rony yvVs the caiilS svsti'l '1S I plicate olt i481 5','steil15 ln i"stat' OlurF I ii 0!. 1t'ntha 1)i)ivY t his i~s intY p)~Y Of pa YQIs, intimiflatoed (it S iii'n nt 2.'v0tin-.Ii Omsinttion I tiloset-I air i-I iqile.-; and. ;011 past Y'ea I l( tulll "I'a f and Inpi-inpIttld behavior. Trht-eio. I cti; ht -lhiitcd talk abOlit Ilithighly v '.'r-ihy -mIt iOirac ''" a hi ;'iis among is. This is i' 0! it' st'ntimint :lloid. Fist of' a"i! tIher-tis not hing in herintl v "'' iiOt' i n"I lit,p1)0 t va irocsses known' :i';demin wriaitti(. Thc merit Of thi-se poessde pends on tit her tactm)I. s-iuch as t h1)tIteraI#,nuss. it'tligt-n cv and civilization if th' et'itor'ate. It seems to me vou need to get a nluriberOf other things vor'king bIti o yi ilput Il ideno(r-atic OCess intO i tion. SiOme slich a lii cgl'ari is heini rlu'ei in the SiOviet Illion. Wha t they have Ill re tOnm, is not deinoi-acv,. ilt it is likely that some iav they will (-(me much clOsr to it than any wv4ister'n people havc to ate, pr-estilt ('ipany nlot eXi'eItt'(I. Sec')ndLIi the setup her at Florida is not deniocr-atic in an idealistic sense. The ''icked bloe-vote makes it impossible for anIx i I l (-lue-endoirsel -atndi-i',' 10 h1pe to get any sw! I all. An ind,-p'nti '.-A at-t has only a chan-i hi oi sand. Andi any(' 0 --Icv 'i:Itell -ot that the 'hig 1' r in iples, lemocrac' or in 'est in the community good doi t determine the choice of party candidates. The 'iemoir'av" fetish is so blindly accepted that excellence is sacrificed for the sake of it in tlie case Of publications heads, %%,hii should he appointed by a facultv-student mmirnittee. and nOt 'iccted at large. If there must he election. le it he hv the staffs uf the publications. or. i: it nmrtt be canmpus-wide. let the nominees he naied bv 'he committee. The chancenlrship might alsi wIlI he a non-ele,-tive posit ion. Many nOw feet 't shOuld b t awarded as a nhonlori jlintly by ,-student g ernment and the Administration ti ai mature. worthy veter'an-student --say a senior lax'' yer wih iiias made a biill iant all-arOund rcord. As it is. no Continued on Page Si ThriN Week ......By Billie bA ny esfl tst 0to links th 11 t I, In, tV es ...tb Sii i' :nan hazard *M a lies added to ol spji I. : t .secret p hvifmi Iiv 1:i-ii parati n ,r it h (",tine ptr lit schi ii 'len ear AgoAn Ii -.'ete-.' seven yeari 01t. .' a ji 1 this ter estatim-heii ai1912. egin Veal th 1"-a: nlews g flnd~i de 'is 1ni ieseniblina itsed by an i ivhI-tiIme daily. .ito( 1 1 -W 1 -I I4Montana t4) '1t1en 1 t events of nat in teret !l last several years N a II -'i ili eali j~it I '' liht,,, i1", lvl ta y\ ('afeu, Sugge tii.n n.-ad that LUnivern. ha%-c o y atintoe0 z rivht ilt' -[wing husepartifs F11Vi, t havnw mWimrinn .h-ill nt unit of Fk C ea.inn i pr el gi%,tn Fl()r ~ii. .lRA nakes final plan T Lo finance, $17(1-0 0 Aitrctulre. menibers 4'A Btle Key spread o, state to give high school studq talks on University life. Yg Men'I)emll'-I atichib formedrt camllpus to aiise interest ila& pioc:ihimg primai-les.Studw at Itmversity of Oregon caulk stealing penilis tfrom library m deprived of shoe laces which a, then uisedt ti ,it' the pencils tci dt'sk A sef gr l em TO, flook Jots ......By Arthur Repkh. Vv Fiomt all(I u iart 's cmnu's th1k, op ni n hol at ) IInh (';ert cia ('olle.'gi' \\eeki'n1 'asthe ~--c'ssfuIl cin uk ;as fat' as tIconsumers xre i'nicrlied' iosisttllv ullh. the hbild that cost the luast niv andil mad thl' biggu'>t hit failed toI make vxpeinses f'I' Its ba(-1<,s. nIt's-t1Obl1vS fault. Let.'s just call it C;t '. T11l 'It j'1loe imlihIttlIt '. thII orIIt ust ; irtt :Ii(I Quteeni Aiiil ['I.at u l it ?W[Mi-Na! a t il It 4iti i d 'servuI hIeaIty cclion tItulatioilS. A\ I I ('Ye S tLiI n i11 '.('I i I lit' Ilet I1I11ll1 it' Jiimiy Melton. tor-niis must N N 11 ies i lve L II I Ts a IttIle kniiv'inII by the t ,xa v .t I t MItt 1, Iir-i'i-t frim amn a ci I wI v It1h famed Maestro rank Pta, k f ( hr vxt a P:>ssiblo cont Ia-I %v iI I N1,(' Pei -ill haps the next time 'i liear the %-;4(dell v)ii-(d t(.110 1, with the ft*( ba I ph yslyl-'" it wk-11 he on Oav <-*ra-( t'-ane%% NBC Dw io'l h y miss eayil';iihui iTuesday night t ni't,t h It lgins toolook sIuspuvitsIss ,L1 I N w, thillgh telex ision fil-or oe u Mind al is abotit too romnd that c C'II mythical corner. A I r e a d previews of television protextptII grams which will ibe offered 110hit' ( ill the Natiinal BroadcastinZ i11111 her I company's nem. regular public -:i in service to le lamu'hed in the NewY ork ity area April 30 have begt in li the Radio CitN television ,tdio,. From Cs comes the announcement that -i i Donald Hunter Mun ro. televi1) .1 N 1io i iproducti i% i ta t a g v r ill front the British Broadcasting everel 'orpoilation, will 4' i ) t ii;mobile a America ithin the next fe%% at Fwek -it) spltitd a month as ier lit en tiltant (in Columbia tele11 onith. Siiion broadcasting. Mittuali to tihe ti. not to lbe outdone, is itatisentett' -turatinK a new facsimile tieglorified tip with Twentieth .Centuryv Iwo elti Fox studios which will reach comedy approximately11 facsimile muuih m listeners i the ivimtyv. Tel'ith Pat vision sets, by the way, are on the market ranging from her free .S1V to $595. three-day --hie, antd Try turning your dials 'o the tier free Z5 .tier f ree. familiar 830 kilocycles on Tuesday "The Cir lnd Thursday evenings at 6:15 to that her catch up on the newly begun s" star is Fies of progr-arns titled. ''A Sal-ite to Our Counties." The -ir '-ram will continue for a full 34 veeks Melton and will eventually covtr (r erv County. in the state. Tanin in, ,Plannei pick Itp a few facts atibu y",-r home county as wvel as otleri Meeis 'hroughout the state. You'll lcai i Tau Delta sir11e interesting thigs at)ut tion at the Floridti s history that 'Oul n 1Ver Melton whe guessed before --such as geruine ant here Indian mass6cres. Civil wa" batprogram T ties and the like. The prigraim Melton. is under the auspices of th Fte-rduring his ida state chamber if commerce. Delta Tau "I'le ('tr r ) (' 0 1-7 1 -, ir fill 1 n (;1tit'it.LNTi T ks t (on [i: i-i hi' tns fitm ri 'iui cl yI I a n i-li, -r li1 I l4it l i i Iiii'l lii c:II l I'' I NT i nI I ,-,ir t, a Ir t-A i( Tlh ei I.-I rT )1 ri c f I NI rt li h tlttlkst her iithu I in fl!m ,, ,,rII. Mt lu.I t : 1 !thI M' If I ll' I I lfI m-i ri in finami h1t? -" la kpthat keptll. kiml d nrinI s rnss, S hvi I : shl irie. s l 'rl rumi a a t a dog fast. (role f the injir-d i n tt atitomtcident after a year "a Im n'" ~" thfat kept of pict uret, Ior iine When she returned iree iitati -.iuattjtk t % -tudio*, hoie (if the I mt hinig gi rl. A f ter ic y.ea rs turn i ig otit a it week %he in .1a iore I luvr:%t iv % e 4mn 4t a he. seen here lately vn -lame pictures, this y ride of ( lark Ga'viui've heard her ini -lance pictures, thi rcle." but it appears (-aireer as a radio o be short-lived. Reception d By DTDs The ook o 1 the -lad is the dicst ii-,k kniiwn. It consists '' -I ItelI1 "i i -, a XS designed to illdte ittnt itt followers of anl lii Egyptian religion through the I 'A.t'r Wiii Id, Willan axton ill 1474 pointed J tran.lation of Fevre's Historves w Tiiy. the first book in English. The Spiritual Ladder is the first "" printed m the New World. A Fralnliscan ilimonk in 1553 pubhcd' this Spanish translation of an (i Latin work. The Pter t itf'hympathy' by Mrs. S i a h -Went wti t hMoirton. alias Philema was the first American niel t according to the January 22. 17,104. issue of the Indeplndent The (risk, Thomas Paine's mastei'lec,. is said to have helped Washingtt n win the Revolutionai' war. ntc'le Tom's Cabi, the book sd toi have helped cause the 'Ciwa first appeared in 152 im a n anti-slavery newspaper. the \ igti Nati>nal Era. la < ;alithy. 0. Hent ry, Osi-ir Wihic. llin Bunvan. Henry Ii-' i Thorau and St. Patil are -m, -t the I"reat'in literature !4i ha been ill prison. Mr A-rage American spends. iststimattei .40 cents a year ooks. rwal the Night Before ChristI I., Ii Int ( istias classi\. waS written b C. 'C. MU.ore who wa born in New York City. July Ii 1779. Publishers have never beenalN to bring out a -bik entirely rtr I runm errors. The book nr PerfeCtior is the Bible, for many ri t-ltings have mat ,greater opportunities for corre-tions. 'The great American novel" u the novel that has not been wnit ten, but dreamed of by all in. terestel in American literatuit. Clyde Brion Davis used thU iD' triguing phrase for thhis book last year.) 'rhe Good Earth, Mrs. says, cane to her first i and she tr-anslated it ILAO as she wrote.She is one' outstanding "bilingualists" day. Movie rights to novels times mean 'biig money;" EdnS Ferber's Cimarron drew $125,ODO: All Quiet on the Western Front b: ought $25,000: RUpert Hughes was paid $75.ij0 for Ladies Man; Elmner Rice rcce:ved S150.WO for Street Scene. "Penny DreadfUl" is wbt.thC English say when referring 0 theii equivalent of our 'dime 96' el." (Data taken iroi 10, wers to Quests. i by e Haskin. Rebl Dope BYHill Jaef S;O uilmda\' the Florida theatre preThe stomy of "Pygmalid sIits -Blackwell's Island" with volves about Henry Hi9"u r*pi irter Tim Haydon John Garprofessor j-i >flI(itlttticS, wfl fit-i i who brings to light the attivbet takes Eliza Doolittle, *1 it:4S it iazng czar Bull Branso -lower seller out of the 'iu'v Fields4 and is instrumenslumis arId titains her in COa 11 :1i sei :-' him to Blackwell's speaking, di-jiortitent Rnd i-la 1i investigating rumors that graces with tliv it-yntion of P* thu -i -arin and prison is vice-ridden ing her oI f as I duchess at anW ani i un 1 )Lv cot1 rupt politicians, Timi bassao-ial 1 ieptio. His experhas hiuselit sentenced to the prison iment is a complete success' fu a Silrt Ierm. hoping to find now that Elizt is 110 longer af I hii-ui ti the murder of Suner girl not really a duchess, her iiv 'A ilsh's I Rosem -Lane i pproblem -s h-ave a y -iialbegunXW ,), enii tiioithvi. In prison, Branit is in the outcotlte ofthe som attempts to kill Tim. who esthe story reaches a surpriB ca ind vea.s the believable unforgettable denouement. ci ions onl Blackwell's island to :hLi.stIi 4t Atto-ne y. In the thi iltiig i ail that follows. Tim gets ain exSltslXe siory. wins the girl, l si-es tile gang leader brought Iijustn iu Vi 'h Lor-et ta 'oming and Warner Baxter < u-starred again, "Wife, Husband and Friend," 20th Centiiy-Fox's gay romantic comedy plays Sunday and Monday at the F oPiia theatre. ihe film tells in merry ter ms the sai kirg story of a gay, modern maii mai. which was all bliss until lit' wit,. d-ided that she could iai shumil have a singing career. Wilt Disney will have another j a lit t st cartoon ccoredies on i .;aiii"" fill."'("jotv antiWilbur. ta. islx mionttd Mul)ej-)I v And pliug's it ilitiato. aiil with Leslie Howard at-c plariimog A u, a.-, I nwdting'"find," Wendy chapter housfo mn Iili -off,ig two of the finest et he makes hr --a l rtm 1 ,itra a' %s seen on the on the L vct'mirn, tuii tn u-i-i iO111 e time, "Pygmalion," tuesday. tiiftnzatinl of the Bernard Shaw who attended Flomv la I'>mtntdy hit. plays Tuesday and freshman year. uim-l esdav at the Florida theatre! Delta at University of tI"u miue i idiences with enter..i Georgia. and wvas later af'i!ua,:. .tainimient brimming with laughIf yo e -joy Kellogg's ?llative-with the Vanderbilt chaptet-i. amd wlhuman interest. "The Oklahoma Kid," James Cagney. HumphrGy Rosemary Lane and Donald plara Thurs d4and Friday Florida theatre Lifted I pages of American histOff the government opened up ritory in Oklahoma in 183, story of the land-hungry who rasted in. Among Judge Hardwick iDofSW !his daughter Jane I Lanei. John Kincaid (HUgh900 ern I and his son Ned I HaVeY hensi. But a gang of lawleM hlers have eaten .them to chosen site, and rather than .things by a lawsuit, Kincaid I)prmises by g a riting there ganibling c'onc'essiion in the WW to-be. The sett lement spriD UP almIoui overnight with lawle3R0 the rul. .Itri o j.u-(,to top Kinctil from interfering. MCord ha"hiW framed on a false murder ch5rgeThe Oklahoma Kid iJtme#c ney1. bandit hero of the soutwq rushes to the scene. He Jane and confesses to her th* is Kincaid's Iin the bladlaft of the fannly. lie gOes to0 Continued on page six -I I I velAtty-fiv Vear% AgoI :ilt-sit G I Ia t CI Minstrei -I. e ;n pn ti be tbig attraci ,'l the eas n with monster' pa* jt(* preteding.Me*e? aptists .n Fho Ida i cintmiue friendly rivaiv \k tih two gpame baseballa ers ., id team leaves for St. Au-;Iliir ti.tackIe the "Ancient 1 egie of A g ricultue three-iontL 'pracI I a1W.irk .eqiiirement in its ijl!Se fiorg graduation num i i'e farm. grove itiiv operatorss i sent to nit-v illC,,Jvgv i"f Ag I eni ear, Ag'I.I-N c-w \ ikGiaints al IIII -ganlit of svai, h j tt-mii ...G iants t R x1d S\C ol local field '' .Sttudent self-governt1h r fLU -h first great 1NXt wtek .plan hatesand 4opp)sers hi~t s,idvs prf-eent principles is to n i t st idenits al' :a bit nthvimselves. .... ifirtYear ,AKoI.st I i in history(i f1 TnItl -Scminute is -iire to be lwt4 school ends.editors wnix' famine. fire. strikes. or Ill ICI'Sill prevent students 1:-ttin. veil rnbmiks (on time a pus opinion differs on new ';nt avOring. t'inds for new 1 2t-. hers, better roads. new track it-:. nd their athletic improve,I ..Aniuls olt I (rawiI4 .. National Advertising c -Pubhibers R 420 M A AF m m I M W A6 a A .i gmt P /J s TI 

PAGE 5

MyY d:'Dormnitory Romeo' Wh0' 4yRomeo Witho T ____t le.P 4n4s with IS -76W~onpt&amany states oa 'Oo rd by a %vander -AM19AW reported this r = hi '3Mladdress book includes *.t.mmoors of girls in 14 all over the eastern holf tltnited Stateo. Knowlt Tb.e A4igator cIhuan the FSCW tned him to with'. his name. Where the nvid co-r. b entia"ade his home '7 Sthe Pa t several yenrs. has tes the most letters. ()n rhey come inT fl Tan )(alft, StarIke. J.i-ksonviii(nd Talla'aassee. g4ifloi hi. ornear 0ome. i the ll 5tIt epresented m4e th is (ollection. U nike many boys %,L .';it4. 4) gilsin dtant ilciis yhrotyg1i bCorrespondent 44,> his Romeo haz met an1d k1' 2 eraonally all the gi'ls 1 his -k n private ")(;,I(de~e he a ti-dent Wirkr' 1 '414451 been 'ef Ie 111t111 1 the Univerty -r QUALIFIED TO SERVE YOUR EASTER NE0,0 N web JOHN GARFIELD ROSEMARY LANE SUNDAY AND MONDAY I 4i-E FIORIDA ALAGTOR 0 as.Regularly To 18 Girls 44 "h ha b l A pl .14 t o"" Mi Ket 4 0' M .rris4oil *(i ,he m11.51 11'S 2151 V.44k. She w14as h 4' 11.41 24n 12Ti % 41 2 K:idPpa Sig a S ince 'henA h h 1 te q1''( 111141', 44 It112,1 4411a h:1 lit th c I t41'ael1211'4 'i' Se I1.0 I 't '' 1 4 1 4111 1 wi n-a co '14 11, !,L, 4 1 S Just UI"ceired NEW and DIFFERENT Iridescent Tones in GABARDINE %, .0 Matching B 1t JIM LARCHE 300 West University Ave. Kampus Kamera N'Ga aIGarri k U e "wGraie" 1ym'is'. unde S'-k wnlth:Um tn lipast the'k(' .h 1 I .4))4 t 11 that) Ii) }221lt 1('1l44 '.1 :11141 -I 21e'I I i 241 I t S:0 Iinn I n 1 1ilt I '.ii 41 H y ill( P i MI: 24 I'!144 a : 12 I 12 '\'I4,,~. 1 !11(4*~ 11 .1u 2'II414.I I;! I lip I 424'.4. 4 I L -.1 r-4 'i n1' : s l I 2124-1 ''I 1 1'>1t-., oi441'24 144 I' '.~ 11 1141 tl 1 1:, 11 t.2B etIt Si ; th ,BIII' to,2' Wi 'L i. I I c II II ltuI 2t'\,', p2 i w .41 S ,) 4.'2 ill41: nulil, .4 Iii 14.1 I' I I 144.1 b* t it his ,i t Ilk4 .) i ll. 2 2 I'i ma ts lcr eni alv pp tIII ~ I 1 I li, I Io I. fiL 211 I, A eI 2 s s I le I! 144 "J L I i iv 114I I4t h Alm rmI p.,o I,.% 1122.2 :1 1 141 1'.' I. .-. ';li. el hi cllasc (i l l,, "he'o -Iii 4I: it' s III 14. 1 14. 1 a ) sI, ,it s 'tit1IIlnhwIlI hi4 %% l i'i-hlo ~ lw ( Z-' 1 2.j44.il I 444 5 a r'i' .S -111 h' '.1 115 544 t l han! li drppm ;v ic Iv v~it Evi-ryw'v i t IllIL' -41 714 ])111.11 t" 44'4 4 F hatil m' ( .I4 wI hc I ) k4 Of IIt e 1 h I heY would have Ln ezipsy tincm aku11l4.4 etills fniv t. But in('xlerlel('(']1lproved4 Itotnii'h for the a ds 'wrhm hoiosteiIl thi pIkrichespso high 11h.1the Stde 1 holy Awll I 1134\,.4'Ii I py t h ogh tht nose w hen thet wpXeluti e 'ouncil passes on the I equiisitlo. en Asked to lower the pri) befo'(e the Saturday ightdaet theY I Stubh al tv ann. 1111'ed -tha t II l woulde I y('41 1t o h y wo1u' 'al 0 111 I 1 -44 2:1, .I 11v n1 eas t m.! ma k en4s m1 t. forth lvswhibostd ho body will ave t o pay tougoth1)s.whn tl Eecuive iouna l passeson th 1equiitson lWhen a4k d 1t21 lo.wI .th. 4'1 4 ffil, 2 lh oe Ftrily.' nigh daI, thN of th 44 41' 4t 1 1tIt pailim, Vez ilid F a nd M I A\ 41'h.dk 141 j' k2h4 1 .2 '.4411. If(i l k'I' .~(211 311 lleettlllt" kearlif' St4 p 11.' 424I2,'121 111 i 4l .;J 1 a I 4111-.l I It 'N t t v,)t Wtm kV u IT 44.? l Ih" .14' 4 ni'~l S i 114 Il 2414'I o Nd t h I'ptI.~~\;44 '444 1 4'.1 .2." '' 0 2 ,' 14 r th1 i e 2'2 < ,e -'. .211 -4 22. -2 1''. 1 h e Library Displays Back Files Of 80 Florida Newspapers Start in '33 B1 Arthur Repkl -V1441 idiallns have ibli 4t24r d 114"litii-al scandals, kidnapings, II 1m old p2aJperS. 11onan inltk12vSt 1sI es. lit Thes. back fihs ar avilabh, 4,tzis 11 world jolites o441 lto.' stildltlits bY 'I.'.u.i1414IheI q l l palzI2 -2i t''dt's art' )Ioligll to hi i t 1' 1 ithel t-t Ii 1 r4 l a 'Il~l141 ltsl 1y t111t Ilbrl1)y's old nIewspa p4'r at least a 1 1111 4121 V ll 4advn1fc I Joes. 'eili f .f these fibs a14 Newspaper 4 m yiiXv b' us-d ill I114' Ibeing' ('Ir'4rllI'v teaturel in] 1-1 r'4'141I14 In 44'14 441 h1e library'.'. 141phii 1splay 1 1 w sh wing how %-a 154k41 4fot S11t111g m i1933 with the help .f si. ud'n s onl ERA, nowC Called the NYA the library began its syst'niatc pr1-servation of about s(1 Florida newspapers donated by pIulishs.''. This work consisted t ir'st of sorting back files t Ii-t briry holings ilt:i months and ye2rs, noting mliSin' issues. writ 11ng4 to Seue' thllee missing papers, wrapping the h:ik files, anti fill-111 lkitng 1rllaint records. At prleseit the itwrkers air4 keePiAmong l-the lajovll rt mwap1fl14' :I;4'S'v jlt 44 (111 T hey developed s144NY \4 'p.l t are 21lmost e mpt It 1. 111"44 114 G":ilies''illt' Daly I supersensi 412 m 1 9 5 1t, late2 Nt'w Yolk T1]s 11 M, rh 14, 1919: Flo:l42 T IIS 1 1 1441 o rnm 190't; Tam142 Mo'mn411 T1' ihune 1f4411 MIIISh, 19144 8II II I I I II i c 'l 4 pill NI 11I1I.c5I S( j44thI't, 54!t'A4I'. '\''di'(I 1141 Oe.itNC 4l -I'llel'eair's hav'ROM ANC 1114.1141.41' 145 3 5.>hrle 4(f 1441-1 'O d I :1 t hist i .1.ne SpaI er s ve41141 S,12414' 1u11m l ( V lit'. l f useS j, it Il 1i. ljI l t I(Il IIS I I1(' e I f r 0 stI 111' aIvert ising. The atht I111art ment 15(s discovered ly 24 s4Ivy1'.' how nucll publicity \a ,41 I I' l'1 1o-i a IlI s.Il Ag!' liltilr StldntW St have g iiini aln I -t -111n1114t' and wellI r.1 oundeiew ot he prsent it ruls c I 4.7'N'.'w ilt'ights an i bioThree Candidate1 (4411 il i edr m 11411 Pa e Oil', 4414.2>1711. 1 t421' W, w Jn ,it Wo to lie elect -crr, S'1 4114 1144r1 ('4 R --ol "I' A ilesS'oh(ge 1fEngineering: Exe.2-4 11 W l Winiaml ; e h a h1 1) Photo Ft m4t4I1141 It'll 4-'Y 1)4oth palt ies i; jiinior C111A111 klx.\ M d and HaoMSluan Shol fPharD UGV .14, 0e 1 111t'1I Conrad Il}mndi'l t ho ale lunopp1sedl. ("Il,"e (of L am: Exoelitive vouncil 14:111 O'BryAnl. Wilson Freeman. 1)hn I Halis d 11.1 Pil Goza: Honor co'lPit Riha1d James an1d. Plissell ':t I ( 41114S oeerl tKge: ExeCultiVe Counl t.1 4 < '''I 144'vle te Rufus Thomps1. a2I1 IJa( kso. Walter M2nl1 w i wen villains. T,>m WakStwl. j v *jj lJitschgi, W aren Sig1s1 'A n '. Io tlgom 'ry. SheI 11 t2 pla it. 1 \e1v e, Gaines. I,e M 114isonll Harold Men1,111n NT(MRaw: Hinor cut tW4I 144 elected, Raymond4 "Whr, H!Iu4. Rus5Peeples. Jhnll M'-Wedro "._ .12. L4'0' S al Ifromth tie the the int C. I. U. BARGAINS -claflg& storyFr I' Hil llarLer Now, E'h1jivo.', ith record 1,ater 5: ati ached. Zenith Inadio flik 1111.4-1'eminlg. oll T\ lperi vr' N ij.hollVel ll% it shaer0 $ -'T v G I U T -S 'COLLEGE INN UTILITIES PACE t.i. STANLEY MEADOWS, DPAKE U FRE'51MAN AND WINNER OF 30 SKEE-T CHAMPIONSHIPS (AN INA ----T P --7 U-I~ N F'i 0! F/ .HF NEVER RAND D A GUN ;J111iF: i EARS AG,:. ~ -1 NoMCLLE6[ HAD A I A PHYSICIAN ON ITS STAFF AMHERST APPONTD DR. OHW W. H00KFR f IN 18,79. PENNSYLVANIA HAS MORE :1COLLFGF-3 UNIVFRQTI-S .THAN ANYN' -OTHER U .PEN 51 NY '1-4~p4~OH L15 DTD Holds Founders' Day Banquet In Jax Fight'y-two years oIF 4'1 Ta1 Delta vere I re4viev.ed 12st we!'b' i he FloridA iha.ter, ta1 3 n tel. Jacksonvi 241 11411. '4h-ll 1: 41j'11t2'd N Hay' (a1 814 (In ." 1.4n'i P 111' .0-lis' :IInP vla 14.'1 iIItl I N P:I ~ .\, CIie. )toll, fl4.tio'l, II'4 ..'1 S i llt41 2444 .4 24 \%4'I, l ammGitMnl-.of tilta 1.'.'~~ 'At""15 6 110(.41 ho(ISfe lt. use ndaca d Constm-tor bY lo h t i sl ''! 10 V" "I11 Elected ( '' til1ued111 1 11 1 4 i %Ard.Sde i v J. 4. 4 4ell -4,4 414 .1 12' 11 t4 III I I i1' -41 t.' 414' I -Y1''v 411, 24hi, i, ht2 I I o'll h.1 1 ll:t TI.l il .t24.5. : lit J.! I th i hy !"0 aI I v S ie s. j I '14h r t '' 1 1:1 -.,(14I 11'I -41. 1.tt442 41 I2. 171 '24'r II 41'lTS 14414Pl 4'edges '4".44.44One414 1411 t~ Iii 11 lI' 4 44j4. ,'' 14 1124l't2141 ': 1,S' ill1144 '4,1 Di .e ii.'' 1 14soph mor.lI4 h i1 Dcun Leigh Rtcurm From Inspection ioe of si.x n mhn I \ It22s A llt e414.'1144 c 1'4'l ol1,1 41,1! a I t1444 i.:. a '2I1-) I 42 .2O I1''1. r it 1 II' a 1 11 II 4 -. I v '1 :1.d .2 4.e .4c 11 244 '.4ST 1 424" '. III I LI I24 I124 04 11 Ilt-' I I2 .-( 1,14 1 1' s' '.114r 1wy 14we t4' l l it'( 1 ( M1 h e 0114' 1 24 1' S l 12in V y tT1 441aI I 2 I I I s a n I tlII 5 2I I i r 44I I .141 444 -'.I4 'S 44'.' I iI I I 111 11 -I-41444 441 '. itl\' .I I 't'll I ii I 4:1 f I It. 1.V4 4 I 4, .i I I II V Amt I mp -SEE OUR--9 Easier Gifts, Baskets, Cand, y Cards, StationeryElc. UNITED 5c, 10c, $1 STORE 9 L. .-OW.~-=W ---mwsaw.4m .mw-Q Cast Fo0 "Y Ca, i Take It With You" Is Announced \ MonT iast A. -May in'! V :Iin nI L M,;ont 11212.11114 24 2.4 I. I .' d1: k sf T :12. k 1Ii( .4 2 1 Ap42 21 !l.''l 54144.>. 44 n 1t21 il the '1l4m 11! 'W.4, t'. -'i415 1 44:4\ 4-41 2'4122 'I .-' 2. 1 ln ~il.' 211.-1. 1 'I 1144 III 'S. 2114'2'11 I''II <'.41 >1414 I' ''2I 4I44, 4( .4I.41' 221 '414'." 2 .24 24 4'i. 

PAGE 6

~ i PAGE SIX, SATURDAY, APRIL 1 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR Alligator Offers Explanation Of Proposed Constitutional Revisions Designed To Make For Clearer Understanding Of Probable Changes In r oneto 1m1,myNrvqucst., f'r explanation of the p r o o s s iid amen(lents to the student h dly constitution. The Alligatioir ifeis the following in the hope that it will make the purpose of the amendments clear to everVone-, Secretary-T r e a s uI r e r George Sinronson is prohibited by law from publishing such explanations. ro the following article must be regarded as purely unofficial although The Alligator after considerable investigation vouch.safes for their i(acuracv. If passed the effect of each amendment will be as follows: Amendment I requires all resignations of student body and class officers to he made In writing to the president of the student body. Amendment 2 allows any of the colleges to assesits members a special activity fee if the fee is approved by two thirds of the members of that college. Onl limitation on this grant. of piwr to the individual colleges is that such fees must be deemed "reasonabie" by the Executive council of the student body after a petition is presented to the council bearing the name of 15 percent of the members of the college seeking the fee. The fee can he voted on inly in the regular tall or spm inletion. Amendment 3 requires %an'anciis meurririhg in lit, cffi'ts of vIepresident anld 5i9'ret:ari -tre:asurer of the si deni hody arid chanellor of the Honor court to be filled b.y "election instead of lealaing it to lthe discretion of the president of the student body whether they shall be filled ly election or 1bv appointment. Amendment I will remove one i f the oath -fromt tire constitution. Through somie oversight in the past. two slightly different oaths for incoming officeiti take weie inserted in the constitution, although one xas tibhxittusly stuff~cient. The first oath is on ilpage .9 of the ''''book and the second oath is on page 10. The effect ,f the amendment will he to do awax' v.ith the first ton'. Contrary to ~-whnt Stin)i(, stril-ait ii.i xi' ht:trghi this tamiendmtent xxIl 1i1it)? re t 'i tt (dticers if their obigition toL Lda' thie oathr. A metiii'( i f -i %% ill 14o may with the racl icofalloing the president of the student body to appoint special Execufive council members to serve just one meeting in order to make a quorum for that meeting. Although this has been Rules Set Down For Fair Employment An opportunity for summer emdone for mnty yearsnevertheployment at the New Y or k less there is nothing in the World's fair is available to all present constitution giving students of the University who this power to tire president, have been enrolled for at least and the authors of thi amendone year,, accoidmg to informament felt that this practice of tion received by the lean of stuappointing special councildent 's office this week. mien for one meeting defeated -tudents will act as guides and the whole purpose of the quochair operators to direct the visirum provision and gave the tors. They will report April 15 president too much power in with a large group of others from direct contradiction of the incolleges throughout the country tent of the constitution. anti will go through a two weeks' Amendment 6 requires that aptraining period. pointees to political offices as well as candidates must have a "C" average. This was enacted to prevent appointment of nien who had too low an average to be elected. Amendment 7 gives the sympihony orchestra 20 cents from the student activity fee on condition that bona fide student, will at all times he able to attend symphony-v orchestra concerts free of charge. This is the only amendment proposed 1by petition as well as approved by the Executive counvil. Amendment 8 deprives literary st creties of the 15 cents they now i eceive from the student activity fee and provides instead that 10 tents is to be taken from the activity fee and put into the special fund of the ExecutiVe council to be -ranted to literary ocieties at the discretion of the council. Amendment 9 gives the School of Forestry a representative on the Executive counvil and a member of the Honor court. It also increases the size (if thel Honor court front 13 to I I members. Glee Club Continued ron;a Igc Onte le nior Mullins. soloists. II 'l'he Blue Swana. Mueller. Serenade. Schubert. Sapphische Ode, Brahns: Mar-aret Melzer. Lauterbach iGerman folk song). Margar't Melzer an( Glee club. Lullaby. Noble Cain. -Dream of Jeanie. Stephen Foster: Louise Thrasher and Glee club: violin obligato. Elizabeth AMiller. I r,!atiiitorium ion "Nationalin1.of. tous ('igaret Girls (CarPan Americansm in Latin Aw-irm tili Bizet.i Ukranian Folk Song (arranged At 10 Friday vNmorning -hrerit 1 Ibv Koshetz), Kark. will talk to a class in economic niIiran ies of Vieirna, Stark. Itiry mi the making on "Eo-nomor Song of the Danube (T a I e and Social Trends in Latin Anrfr-m the Vienna Woods). Strauss: ica anti at I he will repeat li vii ll, Lula Cooper; viola, Elizafirst lecture. beth Miller: bass viol, Betty BarDr. Behrendt has been connecietholf: 'cello, Owen F. Sellers. with the national I';,x-ty of The Rocket. Victor Harris. Panaria f r th past ft rr yea is Garnet and Gold, College song. :<. since 1936 nas been director ,f 9 I w'~ 'wl# I -N a & LC TIIIS WEEKEND) your correspoindenit i' speldintlg hi, substance in riots living at St. Petersburig. Whait a lr-ethless revel it is all going ltohe! Tearing a-ind fr m (le tourist club to the next initil the wx-ee hours until 11 at thle latest. I lte itniversity-s instititifor 'ii n d economic re'scarch. He :nls'i is advisor to the ministers f Ia connmerce and industry of the i'publlic of Panama. Widely Travelel Behrendt has lived and travei-'d in Germany, Switzerland, It. France, Spain. England, the Un:I States and nany other countries. He speaks several langua'i: tn has written numerous boolit an other publications in FngliG rman and Spanish. Testinronit's have been accorded his works bysn-h eminent authorities and x:r ers as Thomas Mann. Stefan Z.v;t'I r-d Sigmund Freud. SpJeiahzinIg in sociology q tu naychology of politics, nationalism Pnd imperialism, rond social, r ut i,and economic life in Sotj -merica. Dr. Behrendt is a mem-n ber of the American Academy if P-litical and Social Science, Anmrican Sociological assoation. ;n' id ttle Inter-American Bibliographi-il nild Library.association. Dunlap, Peters Debate Journalism Students Write A rticlcs Washington, Jefferso For Feature Half Hour Broadcast In Union Tuesday o I Pn r IIt d w kI Frm naCioQLittmg mII thth educational policy of W U in attempting t1 train University students in ai phases )If ralio work the program ofc r i an opportunity to thle auFlorida Men ('ontinued from page OlifI ri(ndls~f tiititll artitind xxerc inxited. There xe re nea-ly 100 pi esemt. Tel different clubs had representatives. The t eetuig xas nea rly three hours litrg, but tile progra i xw'as excellent, interest was high at all ties. See Jacksoin Schools The f~io~vll"wIngnrmng thepartv Was iouited into the -even senior high schools of Jacks'n county. Special assemblies wee held. and interesting talks given to the student bodies. It was said that nothing of this kind had eve been held before. The response to these visits, and talks by the Florida delegation. was outstanding. Again. at noon, the party spoke at the Mariania Rotary chib. This club annually holds a special "University vof Florida prograit." \vednesday night at Tallahassee. another tuge banqiet aIlly of 1.1ridir men itId friends of tin UIniversit' xwis itelI, A number l high s t ca t officials attended. reto nrx ti (lGWenit iC ric Sec_ 'itrit histice Rov (' 'lia ln-l Supermltenideit of P ublic Ins-tru tion ('lin English, and members (f ti lt'legislatu r. At Mori;1nna othe banquet w"s presided over b' Jack Stevens. plesident if tire Jackson Countt club. atd at Talhihlassee hxJulian Alford. president of the 'I Iiihssee club. Behrendt continuedd from Iage OwAtwood Continued from page one %vilI movement it d between the two groups here 'In moments like these when in the old world countries are niak ing brutal conquest.%, here we are ver'v amicably bringing about better relationships between these two ideal groups," he said. Many Others Spei4k Other speakers of the evening included bi. Rafael Biada. clean of the dental surgery school at the University of Havan: Lewie Hardage, coach of the University of Florida baseball team: V. Munoz, coach of the visiting team; Prof. Fraincis M. De Gaetani; Elmo Robinson, captain of the local baseball nine: and 0. A. Barquin, J. Cristofol and C. Fernandez, all of the Havana delegation. James V. Minardi, president of the Spanish fraternity here, acted as toastmaster, and Thomas Packard and Manuel Padron, members of Los Picaros, furnished music. At the conclusion of the banquet, seven pledges were initiated. They were Mario Hoffman, Louis Cubillas, Louis F. Reedy, J. D. Raye. Frederic Reynolds, Octavio Garces and Walter Smith. Harry B. Brown, another initiate was unable to attend. Prof W. B. Hathaway was accepted as an associate member of the organization' Etc. ('Ontinued front page four really distinguished student has occupied the office in oilracmemory, with the possible exception of Wall. And perhaps he only looks it. Firall *v. there is no g.4i r Ieasorn for our student government to continue to ape state and national government in every va v. The more sensible plan is to try to a(hieve the best sort of governnent here. W1h Vshould income petents be sent to the Executive council because they are some times sent to congress? --_&C. SM 0 IE GSIGNIICANT than the spring elections is the ananoiinceenent of Phi Beta Kappa elect ions. This is an honor oif no superficial value. A sincere attempt is made to award PBK on standards of pure merit. The 11 iment who made it are more to het congratulated than any v o the s'tic ssful politie:il canidhit (o I niembers of the new Hall of Fame, or people who got their names inf -NWhos \WNio in Amreican ('()I-t leg-es.', nr.IlueKey initiates. In the case of several of the irew P8 Dmemlbers, this rcognition has rome after failure o lthe part of student body "hour" societies ti recognize their leaderSh ip a rid Imc nt. Jack Petei and I t -vissonr I ton Ia will Iepresent lol ida Tiiisdai night at 7 o'clock ml ai Oregit. style deb;tt e igaminst Washingio: ai Affel so ri l lit lit h nI t I, r :;0 85. TTis date is t I' sixI II intercollegiate Im uiccontest f tlti vea, a n ill)e ilt the Pi K a i Delta, national hontIYora i deba I tig fraternity. question. 1-esolved: That the United States snoild case utI use public funds including idit for the purpose it stimituilating lutsiness. Last night. the visiting ldebam iii matched witids agil alist Floiida. represente(d by To iWakefield a rd Bill Grimes, in Tallahassee. The Wa--ramgton and Jeffer teaiii has been iintoring siLitouher ii illniversities foi the last twiT weeks and has done impressive worI I Lours Snetiiiman. pesieit (itt ho Debate club winch is sponliso iii -fi debate. said. Both have had a least three years of top-notch intercollegia te deblatLe expe Ilelic. and Will tflet a di ffl lt fri otnt f tii Florida's reIpresentative .bot i4 whMiII debate oin the varsity il qad this 'eari rOr the Iirst time. regionn style debating (iff i s IrOm the nomlial plau in that th se(Coldl constructive Spaker in vach sile fires difficult question 5 at the opposng fist sixakeis In an effort to trip them into ;ri ;idini so that they really ko %litt Iabout tle subject. Reel Dope ('ontinmed Fro Page Ir to help hI a e s I;ll l(.(a pw.,I)II I K I C i rel-ilsos S ho I t y a I 1 1, M it d 's Igan g 111reahs into I t(' .j1 1 and Ixynies the old aIt. The IK SWCeAs leeNge, :i it in taniI -I lAind encounitititerIs. kills e tilch i f I:s oat hel'.s imiurdIcers. The clII aI ((tames when Ili, is witt Mt ( oIri a4titi t hev shifott it Int in I tha toomta Ned is killed ii 1wI ira v Ihe i Kid promise ti c'0 livtin iith wiik of his frithe with i lit' li an love x Jtae Melton ( iint iInuedi artm i'dgn 4ne "big cit ,-' unm dia elv left for New Yolk in souitru iL-ssil Roxy. tii it)11stalldi ,I'g ligure in Nei Yolk (.lte[ tlu mc t at I lui I T Ill Pl t iteil ite I' w t glal t t.lil. y'tiimi! I'litiri~tt a place in Iris famt s ".ag andl it Itrio tul I hit to taltit Iisit is A 'ft nii wit i s a ii I1I' pi iI loit I I w .' ( iii'ttilel(. tI say' hi' h st Ill i it tit fs tli i ts i l l~ l-r Iii Iisei 1(1:11t I t I;It t11. i'l 1ii' iiiitiitIw tt it v,.1I1s Sigtni IIt I ail 'i ll I n t oi l I I llj' All s. 1 Illbs'ii has X i ftir hriiin rlx .and h' f l t it .It it '11 1n iI crt tugs fII i I I r ;' Ii ri ;i by ronq i I t 1r I I I n S InIgs t o th 1 ;o lo i idwil,9 c" I tt I IIm bIif-r il I h I ; Ii In. 1, -o m xxhrt1lr hilI fIst pi t :is l 1-m1tryN.4 Ia N I it I lw lnge I t h n 1 1 n1 ,I:Iw r l I i'11 dr mllr. IIll pirl fo 1r years xwxas intI rcil by Jhim mllv In M 1 1 if Y I r T fi Ii oIt lini sta ill5 ,i-ttire's. Malos ( )perr lehrril + L; at nll m tl Mior loi m li's op ra drebut to ;I thllIId al en v of 2 11)0 I'III'ciiI tIna it swi lOveis. Plavilig the nt 'svyimpatetartole If Li'titcnant PinkertonIl i "Aladamiie Ilutlorfly." Melton w as i iT 1 atf'lxy sign-I I ort hi' mtTIiiinlr Ifr f Ith sum itrIe' .le hlit' est ; lishtd nIwt I .ir t tis mI T''l .' I ii1 0 111 I T r n hr r t n music tani adi (I ni Iit re after' (cItIo r MullIt il i(timt11 1 i the ca ml pul Ir? of t I I ill) thefs su, Mil tion l k r nd'i ie' r ti aIl t ii 1937 w% ,Ihi' I s ing in th' ar L tf ri1Im I t a i i eifl %%intx-i ; 1(] 'it'lIf Requests of huni i 4Is If stIt OWt who i eienmIr I lie ton-tt II t' the Lyeluim ctnicil ito tiring the tntor bc'k for lIt's si'ieq r.'I f ti1nt!l appilearatcie. S',alini said. one of FIVE $1 COLLEGE SCH (OR CA 100 Additio AwardsTot A4 onPic f i. olth is. n.'.rpaper. Fliglh $ 00 Carl uraa r il'b'. script a~m fit i o tuile TL'ate f, i u the r ory Perroft stl i 4 'I-F the r nieet.s twa week for t "if -irS and praets lentSto understand better the 6-r-nadt rot'hi s. 7" 'KER Win One of the 5 IPEN $1,000 C0LLI StatItin \Vn tUV)ITn ftlIest IiIy afterno'ns i.s the 'Prig re;ss of Affairs writte LI members of the jour'nistm ipartient .) th' t'mxversit v aid i br ad ltilt tIe e lii c llf-loir'' t 2 otloik A IllmmrI. if thi impirtnt nli.w I hapt'i s a' \lm eek anad ;i an al x s f tah' trin. m nwrld t, ent. the ri ,-,1Am1l is i'dit(Id by Pr-of. EiIr .1 Erig. bead of the dkTlirti('It f 'urnalism, after stileints have it ilrei and writtell the mIterjiot. Jut RIeceived COOL and COMFORTABLE Washable Rayon SLACKS Matching Belt ,0 for the 5 WARSHIPS Il) PARKERPEtU70 0 nal Cash al: $7,500 SCHOLARSHIP N CONTESTS TOTAL AWARDS 7,500 Frec Entry Blanks Now Ready 4t UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE Pr---e ----t Lessons I "se cOu jr FREECourtesy (Car*to Airport. Leaves College hin and Varsity Grill at 10:15 A.M., 1:00 P.M., 2:13 P.M., and 4:15 P.M. E Stengel OUil 19 ato as Ge4 -Va sit: CoI wh evf gil lit -w LEARN TO Under Personal Supervision Of The South's Foremost Flight Instructor I GAINESVILLE'S Newest STORE At 2 ". UNIVERSITY IVE. Gr nd Openin TODAY o1 UVA TU'E, CE M EA' DICnrS (m WS WITH SNAP AND STVLE I EASTER CARDS IF YOU WANT Real lIy istinguished Cards YOU'RE SURE TO Find a Better oue Here for youIcall leik I'-onl] .1 s('IQ ti')ll -f(over :;00) cards. CHESNUT OFFICE EQUIPMENT CO. 208 West University Ave. GAINESVILLE MUNICIPAL AIRPORT I I 4, JIM LARCHE 300 West University Ave. NOTHING TO BUY TO WIN "4 ) YA, "MR rqm,6 in 0 11 I I Rlk SCHOLARSHIPSOIJCASK Get FREE ENTRY BLANK nd Rules at any store selling Parker Vacumatic Pens One Scholarship Awarded Each Week for 5 Weeks Plus 20 Weekly Cash Awards of $25 Each 105 AWARDS, TOTAL: $7,500 7 1 1M 1 Ts 

PAGE 7

pAY, APRIL 1, 1939. THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR PAGE SEVER. t Florida Relays Occupies Spotlight Here Toda cci ere Oda North Carolina, Aulurn and Florida Enter Relays Send In Diamondball Opener SPEs, Defending Champs, Lose to Heavy Hitting PKT Fraternities raised the curtain on their annual diamondball roundrobin tournament this week with several startling upsets. Frank Pepper pitched his KA teammates to a 6-0 victory over the favored SAE outfit. Pepper twirled the first no-hit no-run game of the season, permitting only one man to reach first. Red Harrison was the only SAE to turn the trick, reaching the initial sack twice on errors, the only ones made by the victors. KAs had two big innings, in each of which they swung on Will Chandler's-slants for three runs. SPE. defending champion, upset all predictions by losing their first contet to the heavy-hitting PKT outfit, 13-4. The winners took advantage of ,ix SPE errors in the fourth inning when they batted around for seven runs, enough to clinch the decision. Ray Boozer took first place as hard-juck pitcher of the week as his DSP mates failed to give him good support and he lost a no-hit game to ATO, 3-2. Boozer set a new-league record of 11 strikeouts in the five-inning game and didn't give up a single hit, but infield errors sent three. ATOs acro's the plate with the winning markers. PBD put a strong team in the Event Expected To Become Foremost In This setion Of U. S. a three-year dream Coach Percy Beard, the al Florida Relays will gct y here this afternoon at creamn of southern track representing such schools Alabama, Auburn, Tech, North Carolina, t, Tampa and the Unive'Bavana, are entered in the division of the relays hieludes various special than the relay races. the athletes who will be p honors this afterbe such outstanding 0harles Belcher of GeorSouthea&tern conference in the 440-yard dash, -M take part in the relays; of Auburn, holder ce high jump title,; a of Auburn, broad erence title holder; will broadcai4 the ual Florida Relays 81rmomO, starting at 2 W m RHs, popular chief WBIUF staff, will be i"l .1 the broadcast. Ad I Downey 01 Aaa, a.wii -----,the conferenceol eat1 1l"field and defeated SN, 5-2. in a he conference pole vaultgame that was closer than the wK, r; Honfereney ch aiscore indicates. Buddy Dreisen, lp 1537 conference champion PBD first sacker led his team with g.javen toss, who returns to two hits in three times at bat. Toni petgletion this year after a seaByrd Van Brunt, SN right fielder Wns lay-off; and Jinmny Davis. swatted the longest hit of the piow national 1500-ueter chamgame, a long double to deep ecnil and Southern onterenfe oter. He followed a teammate acro-s bor mile winne in 198 froni the plate when the throw failed to ~Nrth Carolina. nai i thm. An outstanding favorite in the nil him at home. twomie ela wllbeth( qaret Other well-played gaic~s saw t mile relay will be the qual-tet PDT conic from behind in the d Davis, Carlton. White and -fourth inning to edge out SX. 7-6. ludrix from North Carolina, who and PKA score twoi runs iii Ite wa this event in the Millrose first that were never iAlt-ihed it, pmes held in Madison Square beat BTP, 2-0. Giun, New York City, in 1918 -,a.,i ., ad again last January. "I,~ ito Beard. Florida's $00r a possible victory will, rat upon the shoulders of the rIb, teams and the work of hig Smith in the shot put; Kearney-in the 100-vard' and Al Raybun in the bi 41 I the way of officials. Beard acquired the services of two the best known Ltrai k officials the country. Harry Gill, former veteran Illitrack coach. will serve i -, and E. C. Frazier, starter the Texas Relays ever since -inception a number (f years will be the official starter-. John J. Tigert. president of University, will he the honorreferee. Head timer wilt be Prof. Frazier rS, a member of the Univery faculty and the official timnci all Florida athletic contests. er faculty member. Dr. G. F. eber, will fill the samic position fills at all of the University's track meet-head finish ade. Clerk-of-the-course will be Coach, ) -rlos Proctor, while Prof. P. L.' 1ed, another experienced faculty t hck official. will be head field -e. Charles W. McKeovn. anOher of the University's regular Efticials, will serve as head scorer, aad-Judge R. S. Cockrell. law professor, will take his regular place 18 custodian of the prizes. and hi-ere will be a ljcdttl for e('thli of the individual winners and handIOme trophies for the wmiining rellty teanis. fariall oh' thj hitrutCee(limlgS wvill It Maj. George R. Barker of the University's military staff. Coah(li hmucAllister wihl be the head inOSCtor, and James Sirions. c-f Mdio station WRIU wvill be head announcer. In th. rra erniy y iamon mai wm cti-Cire%(fSmBt, oio iae-t11 tinue for about two more weeks and will be followed by the fraFi st. aliiual Florida, Rys li-iSI rw-i I n Ii;IItt Sti-tllgtlj i ust of emntriies fr-omi souitha te itco egI ternity golf tournament. Among the entries willb e, ttj l1.t 4. k.iimulI-N I 1!vis, U diversity of Ntr tih Catolina miler, tI 1 5 tt t' to do a lot of running Cover tjoin-lap it St At t el in ihe It-ill Ie "running at (Ul lill I14' is i-k college fr-eshmen anid jliir cudcandidate for pesiilrit oftilt' t'lit li-il' I I'i i-igl is Ii('itk Mig-ima, jutnlo triim A tiht, whot' leges, competition will be limited is co-holder of the SEC high iuiip till(' w l let am itightt -ak(two Fridtt ttris. Left I-ii Hill "igh to Palm Beach junior college, AlaPockets" Thompson, entered ini tit miitlic--tlestie aslis amid. right, "Alig Jon"i Sii1t11. a"piotnl, bamia freshmen and $he Florida weight man,xv tho is expect litI i-etc lieki i 11o ltslot p t freshmen. Although competition in the high school division is limited to a mile Id a half-mile relay these event-t r aI V s I will rome clvc to stealing tie lipifl from tie colefiate Hadbal -ow sion. Heading the list of high schools entered is Robert K Lee of Jacksonville, last year's winner of the relay events in the state high school track meet. Other high schools and prep schols entered are Live Oak. Miami High. Daytona Beach, Ocala, Palm Beach, St. Petersburg, Lake City, Orlando and Riverside military academy. The schedule and order of events i'I as follows: Track 2:00 High hurdles trials. 2:15 100-yard dawh trials. 2:30 Two mile relay-university. 2:10 High hurdles finals. 2:15 100-yard dash finals. 2:50 880 relay high school. :;:05 410 relay -fiashmen and junior college. 3:20 110 relay university. 3:35 One mile team race uni-x rsity. 3:15 Sprint medley relayfreshiimen and jimior college. 1:00 Sprinit medley relay tiniversity. 1:15 Mile relay high Shhl tI. 1::;0 Mile relay tniverSiyField 1 :"() Pole vault. High jump. Shot put. j"avel'n. :00 Broad JUMiiP. Thistewt )ict J h"-It i "% i "i 1 tIIh I M a" IIi IIY Ir -I 411. 11 IrI h g tt)4I CI ii t I iIt 1. 1 to i sti-tght g w i t ti -i tile indcliendent ;l ". Pk% I IIn steladyvtma d t i hat l I i', i k had little tIIol wIin Iug 11t' 111 gam'e, 21-1. .buit Iiwet' extenltI I N deei game in the t'setmlli, Tri ing 18-9 in the final gim-ii 'I and i lishberg stsartedl:II Isi 1 1 thi t Ixoll 11 (olsteutit p ik1 t'', lead. 20-18. As Hirshberg camei i t1t > t wall to put awa any i Sy sit i. ht-l ball took a bad bouice (f i-i t-r"i-itk iin thie court, and be lost tho pitt 1 Brutwln anl Levensm qtiektv tI-: advantage of thiopprtunit' .4th ranmi t the game. 222k The champions liad litlit' titulty sdvamiing to tile ti-i a ing their opposition l.ni a11 \t-'it 1 less than sexen points Ii Ite tise is i little mi ku ( I, I I 1 ill ga ilnli t lit' host iin ii --'i ihL4u t I In I t]liv \Ni I'. pic'IrnIl IuuImvrsty hss tY il fir-e-figtmlit g irelis ti mien : 1 i 541/P/AN a5L4A'J5 By Ray Boozer .1mm WVE m("Chic'' Acosta Sr. hadI tt tild -htld at s\wflth jioni Ilea11 his ho>mem i lthe Jackso Me\ il each h 1 h it v .St. X .'C1 ic" Acosta J r. \\ o l It tiiW fiiishl( fmithIn .k the 50-Yard fre tyt i1 the N AA tlect held at AIHI ArImh, Mich., last week. Chic, -iilf, a\ ) tt thi fact fimr he remembers no other \alid rseastl thit Jii-stahd(1c(i hIn to become a sp)ed (IcImH 0f 11e \a\ es Som12 yr fs it ag. pearance ini a .Jak-i Iow ile -1 ltI" 1 i c a -41 a lv-omgster. he cityv-1idc mIeef !w, snlterl d si\ I) tV take S' iim ung st-riti v e lti l J, a' l )( I: lit4111 ;a ; a ; o1)l lw iI III Chick claim% Ifi-, a'\ (;1.(h ito ,[I vr f t 1w 11,o I,,,, T I m, Ilh i otithiftil \igor kod st m,;I Ii,' lit11 1 tt tlths i t 1 list Ithe iiia. fler that lir t appeare t(,per-fcl anle Chic hbecmw i fir,.lf~w' Ill-,com pe ril r ill % A I. 1 1i 1 tI t 1111ii 1i 1 tile meet% I -ll mo\er lihe %Ii ltttanml it, for Till tie p Ilv i k th tm 'tuila n bi lr 11111i Ill nT i lgi t, c arly v hN" onling .I tlic 0 "0 %01Yh r1so w qto-nif h Cswc 11;1( a ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ l, ml rwe aonaa atrlu and ('IIr. IOol to Ills, ;] lot nd inll lli il: ;1it 'w l imsed m l;av T i vT Gator Swimmers Inexperienced Gator Nine Goes Down Tackle Miami 6-5 Before G-Men In Twelfth 41Miami Seek To Repeat Early Win Over Hurricanes Scored Here vlorida tmades Miasni for t he Ist t tine this eason todaY when e Ga tolr merimen swin against e iiiVe:Sity nA MiAi in the Lam i fltm(re polt .Victors ove e Hurricanes in their previous ieeting hiere several weeks ago. ie (Gto rlasl vis wil sw im i Atwit-(oiiIst'p 'I off 23 ~k-d.fol it iust ime tis .ea, n epiort rom -the M i-i icLCity\ hitVVe (CM0Al upl o the effect that Miami U. has oen tiacticing strenuouilyA in a .ft't L to wi this one fr m then tale rival:. i1:mt Slater. Miani captain l i w, blie;st-sti 'kei. his been trnSAl atine excellent tnimcs, and lemg aenitioisly consideed l 0 hemb( of tIhe 1910 Olympic a iil,I tentI Other 1-rricane Swin m h*e been turning In good ('01 intl maym;i% ake it tough for it' deliniiig ivintheanterni t-aumj" ti h1tl"tlolnye Inn coi ;' ll (iot 4r4 ds. I ""' 1 i Ink I;4I I A I let tII e:' cI A, Ii o tf x% I I \rI ACAAto, .l I 4't" i i0i "';"k"'i iiitl'' "" ~~i 41A \I.wI" I l hi S A A i I %.I A A II. iost t It i ii M w ill Nmt rus hr i g,,i II the fist1,nt1. Ntn es h) ,49 M o I'll in the kll-,t ake and bas twee A I iimg fiI Sielli -_ d ""~~ ;I I s('s. A oa nes wl.I lAHI.l and Noltriis iNll (l to t!e(;iat-stioking for the Gatr. Joe aii(l Ed Rood, Acosta. Simard and M iti phv will enter the fiee'tylt events and Snelling vill be th4 (;;to back-stroker. Last Meet Till SE Tait mect will be the last Schdtloi intelitcolegiate match for Flor(Lii lifortee the conference tourina ment in Knoxville. A pril 11 and 13. .I(, Rood and Acosta etuned Ljiia \week f-orn the National CtlIe i.Lc A.A. ineet lIeld last Week,ntd At the U imvel sty of lIciligai ia:iiInt tlie best e<illegiate sWiiliers iI the etuntey ti (til Iiov T0 liiiitlieid i lili Ce ites,. the Florida i ip Aea.ltivs (ame out with sevti al high hontos. Aosta took ur place in the 50-yard freei-1t v I dashi "lilIa are Iis t 4H\%ilhe it po-w i tollegate 1ecrd lwmerld : al. latpered by ;t cold ind disA t Iig physiitin's ;edvic not t i% won a ptlacc An the All\ t1 sitcolegiate swminmiii ll '-ai Ity pllo cing sixth 4) Ibet ter Al icr 150ces, 0. hie. an .ii\ ;d frie-.Stylt' evelit.' Tlesy ha., been set a ih' lt e ft tIlie fi-st fies a -varsit: el. It %%ill le rii1 off in officia .vIe wa timerS. starters and algre. The Baby Gators have de o-il ittl *i to showtil WP eii tier brothers foisome timed 'Inul tienovar and Captain Liddel wNill give theiri their 0)topotuit jiie Aies 'fiTe meet wil be th insi tlne-ll p for the varsity bc tre the coiferenCe tournamueil ne Liddell-ncceeds ill a isan ig tal either meet for them. i-raueheii nHopefu ardti Frauenhlim, captain C he risholiitfit., said his team Wi cxr tt m ike it -lose. However. lI "i" tle team is an unknown pigotity iis yet and they will cl l"tt 1 t plh the is si ty all t ;IKoy inelerg. free-stle da& Ma, l'l pobalyfoce AoosA ll w':t' the "o ani 10(-at tiGIeisp added. rhe team is w "fitin lthe free-troke depar tienll, tiitih ienh and1 Robe ,1i11t I 11 il a si-s showing -e Ill i ptoo%-leet. Robfprt Lasris Ibeentllin gotidties in ti 2-yd Cash. I te Witing andi Carrol Citl Clower Goes Whole Route For Gator Team 1rida S icxpe r inco d biari-il Cer. carried the Gainesiole G-me' to 12 long innings before. they I inallv bowed to the local pros 6-5 ye. terdav. Led by Bobby Johnson wliih entered the game in t eighth inning, the Gators mit plave i the G-nien all the way thrtigh. hu* Padgett's dctuble in the last (of thtl twelfth sent Hazel. G-nicenitetfielder. and HollAnd. oat(he i' i5ss \\iti the tying and l \ uiiii1m the fim st inin iIhen tihey pit tgether hits by Gene 11ari miai, ente fielder. -('attain Elmo nibisoi. first sacker, and Bid WX\ltio. :o h n~e third base s t;11. 1"of 1 Itr ee i hI-iS. They g uIabbed anltlwr imA i-rer in t he second and went into 1o lad. Replaced By Reid \fter tle second. howevel, ('i 1 1 ,v. f''rmler <;Itm -r 1111rltn,).% jlitcllitg fir the -miien. had l s 'd te.ituiniate eating it of his hnt tIlt I ttI nit a lO er ini l hi I if -d ill hi11 t ilth and w reipt. ed ";t -t vtet I I I i 1k 1lt tt i i Ii : ,Ato .ld I l ml 3 .danta ll 11 it ti t1l' ti It h -kit Ihi t m;it ,t-ii mt h t)t#\. 'min m Ito 1 :0I it ki I I~ithi kit l'Itiiia Ietuttir.1110 I ilel 5 lth' boiti tw lkcil. w I 4,s t II Ii l-t w ill pitchtit 'n t i iug tfe fitihi-ill. tiedn ant i-'l loel tlu i"e vtw eliti1. 4 w 111 _Vomin ly offi; n 1h 11g I )I 4vdilt i dtiIIe whhre wie .il cii('Vd after r telm (-wa kcl I (;t(Ii n 5 1,t Ii, Gat >s d lit011 U etomer 1-loer, w a r v ftoml a pitesligi I 14I innings (if gc)( d ball. tired anid ;lh ed three i owiS .lim;idxora r Padgett's double which welln the coliitest for the G-haeng F.'ir Get Honors Pmfhh Jonsn G;t>r slvwtstop '11 Mirtmlan. of Florvi an11 ( gr and M"iitchvll for the i ;-iiwn 11L e l l 1 ff tilt, 11:i ting li >nm "rs. each hitting safely three tiiei. Closer dispelled the idea thait pi theis Se lmt supposed ti )lit Ibty IOnnecting twie, driving illto 1")tlh tivails lickled "Ifppliv. fqour m he-nz chalked fil 1;Aymwt the (;att(ors anId(] five i-giain.t 4)horjtstlp i() the 19:A etlititiit ttf tlte (,atot nii li nttow pla ving for thr i-men shimowed lack tf practice )tv making three miscues. miwe than .(ly other player I-li'rldm, I rtImI .l. N I.?IT I i ,I I I It. Faemnihu ii Waobit. i Delan. li. Stevln. 2. lixwml rI Driver. 5. Johnson. o (lower, p. -i -i ii Ii ii it Ii It wit epresent the frosh Im th back-stroke and tig iWhiita" and Charley Rosenblatt will pIsh Liddell in the breast-stroke. The Imedley and relay situation 1():;k favorabule to the freshmen. Fraienhtim added. bit the diving i stitl tin settled. Fi teberig txill jtt'tda hIv ('tillimpete for the Baby l t is iII Lhis event also. Attempts arv, being 11111e It schedule the freshmen severs niects with high schools a dl jiiitcolleges later iml ltie seasti InnI they may make a trip. Liddl. w t is 5t-I fresluimittat-h. Si-wl. Portable Typeii riters t-* CLEANED Standa'rd TFpwrhter% $6.14 (LEANED Sales .-Servie' -Ribbons College Inn Utilities Iiflcnincti Score Victory In A labamia Considered Equivalent Of Championship In SEC They (it y o rFlo a riti, an It-t iiln t'I t I it',canipus Last u v wtiat is coinsid't &d the egn aL t I cet Iof a SoutIieasteIrI t t oll ence cI10 ia pi.)tnshiIp. Fl iiIIg Sati, day at Iuscalo. s., A li. I Ione f the five regioniilI miect. 5, the Florida teami dvfea tel the Unvcrsit ,v tt Alabama, Geoiii Tech imd MISSLSSiP'pi, t h S chools eing the only other teamlis owot (it the 22 ii the region tht eiterud tihe comipetitionr. FliM-l results of tile fimng. i11Sna iv. w l not he known ftor a\ r I i a ys. T le 'atioinal Ir-SiIt wil I: (,Lo ,; iln scores frotmi itIe IIt ll i i-i ;elti! Stt C I )Iits t i l? ,c the A AI I ti iI 7I i ii I 1 ilts'. 4 l4i II I : -t rs, 8 t I s P u h l ittI' l111 nit a s*I t i el I ll d he l" t l lin bwd I)i, ." I l '' f iat l Ii-t""Itu ;"I I' l m t eil qt \%lte.1, ttSpen i slet e v oiii au h matl'tii 1aurdy a .4din v-re ut W oi R.Hearlst rlh Ito Sper11 ;1 til o lit' hti l I al t i 1w best rectrder ptisk ts ti. peot m ii. hw y h a It' a Zeta cbs piter of ppade Al S f th I f-r fir .i-.,torc; it, Il 1illy I m d" Hetile ill' s al te i'd t St wi r I' ledli tie Ide rida (tHil a itle m olgatt t ifimiig Saturday mid it t prsiletalmR. Hearst trioll cIm petition k sngeCole 19 otit W a~li kv ow,0 o Ih itds camrs cr P t "I"1 KA .Initiate .1Zetahlpter of Kappa A lh oial fr-aternjity Wedincsoiy v~ reemani, pre-sidenit, Aal All Ilriiiation wAill be e l i n i ; \%o k ;it WO, The Colgate university Retui L premetential elect io W11f vm ig e \'t 1,1g l I I :It ties. rf. itt t'rl. lb Mitcill. lazeLet.f. tllan d, f. ub ;t. Reith. 6 1'. -t Ii .4 I -t It 14 u-i (I ii 17 <eti by itnitg : 1 I GI( o :0 000 002 ( 5 0Wile (00 220 4)00 00)2 6 1:i host Received BEAU GATOR PAJAMAS $2.00 Beautiful Nem I'atterns and Colorr. JIM LARCHE 300 West University Avv pi ees. INVITE A COMPARISON OF QUALIFICATIONS! JA CK SWIE GE IR MANAGING EDITOR ALLIGATI University Union Party 4 -AL 1 and rrepKA Upsets SA Ef ol 1 (4 ii 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 Am cl at e. .1 IGainfsil 

PAGE 8

'7i4l t-L Pn& AP.T*D--. Gators Defeat I Havana To EvenSeries c(burn Moore ha Debut Allows Only Nine Hits e vpnth innin rinly in the s,-conl iof a two-game series g ave F ha ala an even split with Havana i thei tams played here Wi-dnes:!1 Thusilyiv. Flotrida lost thc! )--i. but came kick Thit-.l:9y i 11 i ili .14-7. te ill bhii tl Whe t hey gt t v i he 'seventh. the :tors -ame i'J lo hatt 11 tilines o s5 i-te eight 1 five hit" ,andl four -errorY tjali Ilrio> Itobinison 5titttPePl lh j Iy ',wit I a si-ri-hing line-rW4t fii It base. Aftvr he caie '))I l an error, thte (;at O liit-lp hitting altnlo.St at will, batI l w 1%vu pitc-hers ont44it the box F' -t hey wMci e finally retinl-. T1h,('ibanis drew first hlool i 1 y -4i, 111PtWice in the first inning. II heIit11 1 they .score font1ii a uirelo. iei1I by Delmorite's ]I veover1hird that went foi ,i l hiseasoVs inlautg ral WAe.Inu -'hry the Glators were out-hit andt worI : l -' by the eleani-fielding vii t wh'took the game,9-4. Poor tott Irilrve John Clower, Sin t oir tthe hench in the thi r iot -Havana had scored six rmins in the beginning of the second. Jitorida amas.qed a total of fiv.vitiors, which proved very costly. Art Higgs finished the game andl -(Atteredl four hits for only w-) Delaney Leads Twice Thursday Paul Delaney. Gator second baseman, again led his team in batting. For the second straight ua' he connected for three safe hirgl s out of four times at bat. 'obtirn Moore pitched the wl'ol'* arne for the Gators and allowed 'i ily nine scattered blows while his earnrtites connected s a f e V 13 titles. The series showed that Florida m' -(lod only experience hefor -I r;itiriling into shape. In the secout game the infield played much '-rnpi'tht r ball than before and gave I irh pitcher farbetter 1tupport. Tl -play gave rise to hopes that Ih: vtam will be right up among th4 leaders at the end of the outit;conference season. Resignation! The Alligator was informed afterpress'tirne last night that I*V 111t'er, candidate for the ffti, of Editor of the Floridta r t-view, had withdrawn hi% nomainatlion, leaving Maleoln il:mI:tw inthe tilnoppot4i nomlTung Oil Featured Boys Will Catch It Front Ferdinands On Farm Hour 1-lorlda l'arm hour, daily far i I li tit1riei5 if the statet i .eL we." t If* the arn piis 1"1 s" tit' Ithe state. WItiIed 1ty, the ho r feIIit,-Iti itlung iil( itidustri y ndt thcSc,.grani was 1 oadcast ri,4 i ti(ng oil mill in booker, just over the Alaii-hua county lintin BrtaIford c 1inty Various prcesst.ls of th ii mill ill producing thr t il troni tie, raw material were <0Scribt-di -ver the a ir. Spea ker flow mt the gictuiltuuiexperiitu 1t stat iota, as well :isS giowr-is friii the smtrinding area. Were het-' of the lP grort l iil gave .i rt. talks abl iut lie t Ii ly wP \ indlistry Yeseliy.tw pran1ii t1aich-' to acksiiivill wherct hI lic I e: twtt l lov'-tr pillti agtfroi iiih Jtst ,e of ( estt-r Skinlit .<1,!t 4-ualmilily's ltaakl q< til %vinltr 'Ti -,e ili -l large i -tier pl. I dtmucatvtl Ilit, hotir 14) e o 1t i.s a 1ie-W pJaSi titec, i ilI ita i d ai ryllie-r .111 '. -I :l 't statihavshown iit'ti i t-"t ri it. (:lyile Bet-al, assistant -ittr ,. theAgr-iculture News 5'viwas in charge (if both irogr:nitS F1uture slo-cial pIrograillsti will1:1t ilisti-ner." to ben I g ro win 111 uthItr spots. Bealksaid 'Mural Department Wants Students' Answers Stud ents will have their change to offer their suggestions in regard to any new ideas or changes CAf policy they would like to see in the intramural system. Arnold Sussman publicity manager of intramturals, said yesterday. The department is asking any student to submit in writing to the office at the basketball court inew g-ymi his views on how the program can be improved. li the latest series of intramitral hulletins a questionnaire has been issued ta get answers to questions that the intramiuiral tepartment wants in planning their program for next year. The list of questions is: How do you feel about the bonpoint system? What sports would %oil like to have dropped from the program., if any? Do you think the program is being run off loo fast or toO slowlyI Do yoi have iany peees regarding the program Its it ilow standN It's-? II so, what -ire they ? lip which ways to you think !I 'n ,woo*4 A-k Ei. '9 $ e~*'~. Au I I iii III plt I ti tw p ii-hirig tha it-i ill SI Itfo i th4g tt ro I SI P(I 1'.p,<i lp r i Lu r<I -ik:11 Hrid I<oiIb s iS sti I as aT. kf T i -1'-, or)I it-r m-l pit itn in thtI university illitv l ui titt-s tht1!tftI i tat iitrlr i t-tq II ipI P imr -twt .year-s ;Igi> tht-IXvI If) i%p-j haIIrd Io t <>>in tll his i Il trIt Ioit41 'ipn t t I;iii 1(i .1:1, k 1Kil0'/t*: %%ilrim-I wipptii l i th stit4 tis y 1 pr :\li I ehi rst University Band Playing A i SL. Petersburg Drum Majorette, Guest Of Bandsmen, Leads Locals In Review TihI ive-rsit V $ I-lite-c h~It i I t dtin ift St. '-t-rurael<-h-S nital 1'est iX-l ii Staites par-lid<. lielirid da Vin'' tw'X oner-ts Vest iri Iay, Firrilti's hlind op it'1d1 ti4-hebl ttifrl wati'I-pgealit on a Sunshine ('it, liklast nigI! with1 anri hoir miuiieit. Yestei-day' aftvrnooi the (tir aidp pl*('d a 4-minute cinci-rt h-forthe ieviewing .-ta l i miei ied til tly pi-e-itit. iie. lo'qitire t itrtita nti of the U -t versity band yesterday was Miss Helen Montgonie-y, dru i niajoir(-tte. whom stunients'will remineniY-ei% itht the Stetson university % hantd two yea rs ag -. Miss Mont gonie v high-st(ppet at tiht, front of the,()rangc ,indf l tIire han d in th festival l pa raplias the guest tf the hamipm'n. She is Iori.i,tat,, Amni ,-ian Lgichinmpion :rd was once voteMl iss aytona th I the r1 gr'(r1 1 coiled he i1m1 r1141% e 111 O liy I 'in' ow lh -i Fi-htin Cltl band will spend i IS t A ci m m it t(,,, :111r11, lum -; St. t rs h r i rn i t r r in _ientsfI r t h (, nw t ime n t w1 t he hantt hoys. 'l'h hanI will it-Iurn I'rtm St. fP t-rshur ;og lit p.11 t omoi-rrow.The concert last iigi Itur i ('*ari-les Brokaw. -or-net stIpi pst, il ai solo by Hethe: t L. ('Iark., -St ~ Iv If a \'it y S k X 0 -t11 f arnplmb -s oi lt i p proo:r vm inctdio za m P. y H iro 14. N"Mflrch Ior S~llV-. y'suhaikm y. AI oIII letI Dra 2n." 1-x 1Klng. A til Lan S''re fmntatsy. :tn(ti m rches Last Tuf-ve 1d th lt )) .Fit IIn stroll, trv l t M .o phl~ved :1 cmc"'tt it'?,(. 1imdo) thIto *i lstpt'i ii If iih Mt. -) rll ta :i st Tropical Worsted SLACkN Stripes and Solid Colors JIM LARCHE 30C West Universitv Ave. AED Discusses Medic I *I Pr"blembl isms At eetn W lit p--lipp r u -lu e iii -rn s f tre-it11111 Alph t Ppsil .It a I() INI la night. vis "i. "f p o -medica I st uder 1ut itl-Y t' 1ttaii high scholas Vp-ill )s n mical courses b I "p -sa in l ,i :II learnin-. T'itsident (''rst i ('Iassel P"i"nlth (-pledging )fi Ivo m( F )I. III I -I :t( f News In Gatori 1 I GAINES VILLA Politicians Pitch Woo -BulIt Isn't Inspired By Romance Dade Leads Cc Representedfl J Vice-President V BOB McCANN ALLIGATOR Jack Swegevr Managing Editor LYCEUM COUNCIL Pres: RAY KENNEDY Members, CHARLIE BROKAW CHARLIE BOYD AGRICULTURE M. L. Anderson Bob Nihoul ARTS and SCIENCE Dick Anderson 13ernin Adelsor ARCHVIECTURE tftery Roberts BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Lloyd Hicks Cecil Wilson TI~Y Chancellor SHAW FOSTER FLORIDA REVIEW Jim Quinn Business Manager "F" BOOK L. E. "Ed Van%e Editor ENCINEERINC Willik David 11ill Schaub GENERAL COLEG1: Weaver Gaines Sherman Kaplan Charlic 'McPherson Bill McRae Harold Mendelson Wayne Montgcmery John Van de Motter LAW Billy Goma j p. ~ D A New Deal in Studeni Goocmrimeiln Fei the past few years, the members of the opposi lion have held nearly absolute control over the major student body offices, publications and the like. And for the past few years the student body has looked forward to the results of their glib promises, but once the din of election day has passed, their concern was no longer with tbe welfare of the students. The University Union party, though the minority party on the campus, has at all times fought for student needs. Its platform is not the work of any one group, but is the composite result of students' opinion from all parts of the campus. Just as the name implies, it is the party of the University students and its platform represents the needs and desires of the student body. Therefore our platform is: 1. Two bit movies throughout the week. First rate pictures on Saturday. 2. Reduction in prices for Seminole pictures. 3. Direct demand for better infirmary hours with a doctor on hand at all times. Remember we pay $22,000 for hospitalization each year. 4. Better presentation of Lyceum Council programs. 5. New uniforms for band members to be purchased Ly the state. 6. More athletic equipment to promote better intramural participation. 7. Better postal facilities with the increase of students iii dormitories. 8. A telephone in every dormitory section. 9. Better and more tadvqialate drinhin facilities oto Ol"^ tan-.ptis. Athletic C61uunCi PRESIDENT -TOM WALKER VICE-PRESIDENT -SID MENDELSON S[CRETARY-TREASURF.R -IIF.NRY KEEL 17 ~2Y* Secretary-Treansrer '4 GEORGE SIMONSON SEMINOLE Business Manager BOARD of STUDENT PUBLICATION RUSSELL CLARK BOB CODY AGRICULTURE Cecil Perry ARTS and SCIENCES Henry Guy Stuart Simon BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Doug Brown L. P. McCuller EDUCATION Don Cochrane BILL STEWART ALLIGATOR A] "G~reasy" Grasess* Business Manager ATHLETIC COUNCIL MEMBERS EARNEST WAT!130 WILL ZACIMARV ENGINEERING Harold Sullivan GENERAL COLLEGE John MdClellan :Roy Sweat 'LAW ftU6U'Wt Cummings PHARMACY Jack Hamilton s"71k ~-. -~* *-.i-&* 1 .i.,atI 1 li1 AI ), rdI 'I eatieh vers I t v 4 hetP.yopii1t aIi i i l l i tat IOfa p "a I ea-aUIe h ith IS rt-Iie1. 1 1 ti I la However the wo pitched a the Florida campuIs is diffentW -.@ -m-1 from that inspired by feverish In it c c. Instenad it rmies i t he white heat of iampis pilit -With the depait tre io th, rin and the ciack oi ash again lior5ehide. fraternities stiri choitig sides and calling eab ai h names. When the sides are ho i-n they take tti-rns p ayini oll it, the non-f te-rnit m i., the-v who cuiSt the : i r tht, camlils.P r The non-fraternity in r is Prieh r t11 ut i to li exalted posi I 1 : 1 trarigely enough, w r. wh 'lli-Cn-mi-rv I )as i Ih -.v without uieki t'itiNday suddenly b-crrp t ip 't, ior.s, of, femoera-y' t 'I ty'. v \Wilp ever i tev go thiev i t hP-st i I witi "htilos" and Hi, u>old iat ii1i their tiew glory ti-ya ster il -1n s een (to the Majplowt t aftid as the May flowr-. li(H' r -hosummer tn. So Ihiy X il iinder the intense hteat 4 t-1 1:ty a few weeks later. It's wonderful with Ilit litI o i n -n and ve''i-\oric 111U p \ I~ a I i4fl~. 'ht-little i g -hoitsir I a t-n. "Sale aboit with an air ot* irnytrt:ir A andl their palms grti-'sc (I X 1 fIt promises. Everywhere tii p I vd-its a spirit of brotheiry lovp. eNOnly the atmompherte is st1 ani I ol with the stench of i u l ii < ars. iii-----------nts Mrirris Pri-e nul El .tp 't tic mings. tIlt The next'\t ileeling April lo iopen to all p-il BUY NOW FOR EASTER nde nts. T o medical fimi-iis ill b ell, 'howpst at thi t iri. Let s start Easter off with a bang and as a special' ducement we offer from now until Easter, Ap)lhb, all $15.75 men's Airgore Spun wash suits in fais ol solid white at ... '10.95 6nd9 Lami Bros. $10.50 men's Flannel Tex wah suitsi6 fancies or solid white at ... 6.95 E DAILY SUN Sinall charge fon alterations and nothing chatoid special sale price. The Standard Newspaper NUFFSED In Alachua County Homes Since 18609 Burnett JilL C n -:1: 11 o -Q% 1114,. tihl EXECUAT'lVE 4'i CONCIL, MEMIMStN n4)N4)l .t TI CNIV", 

PAGE 9

tlt E LO~1AA AMICAT60, -171 President F'. I I. 2 '4 I e tf I I Ii I I 4 I '1 .1 I I III I di HEADS GATOR PARTY PROUDLY PRESENTS THESE QUALIFIED CANDIDATES Vice-President Secretary-Treasurer TICKET Chancellor i I o Jack Jones Vatliityfl'I wVmi e' % Ph toi (iv i '39-'39 Student body el-tive collf-vu (twerleader 'f'-'8 liead-eheerleafler '38-'30 Sophomore exectithe monimittee ,inior exeutive committee Infter-fraternityv conterence aner erh White Friar% 4.ator pep cl li'37-'38 Member of ( Committee om %octiiet1., and fraternities, appointed by Pres. Tigert PLATFORM These %taitenent% are some of the objeetive% of the Gitor l'arty. h the intention of the Guttor Party to listen carefully to the demands of the stideit and to answer them with concrete, workable proposaLs. More efficient and complete enforcement of the wages and hours ruling of the Executive Council. Investigation of the possibility of creating a cooperative laundry and dry cleaning unit. Installation of at least one telephone in each section of the dormitories. Support of more and better non-fraternity free dances. An increase of the number of issues of the Florida Review with the end in view of putting the Review on a par with other national college magazines. Special rates for University of Florida students at the Florida Theatre wt-all imes. %Investigation of the administration of the University Cafeteria. I. Reduction of the Alligator fee in view of its increased advertising revenue. 9. More sanitary and satisfactory living conditions in Buckman Hall. 10. New band uniforms and better Lyceum programs. For a fuller discussion of these and other salient problems see the Gator Party platform bulletin which will be released soon. The nucleus of the (ATOR PARTY is composed of a larg:1 roop if st dtnts who for the past several years have been instrumentAI in keeping th 17. of Fla. student blidy government on its ranking polest'a I. Realizing the fact that o() student government can he no better than the men who are elected to ho ldoffice. the (;ATOR PARTY has nominateil the men whose names apenar on this page RFCAI7'F the paity honestly believes these men to be the ones best suited for their particular jobs. I The life-blood of a party is in its contInued ability to present the chest men for office. The men who coiprise the nuilen 'of the GATOR PARTY have a i-cord which speaks f oi itself. In the past, such men as .ack Butler. Hui' Schm it. George Smathers. and Stve O'Connell have sivoais presiiltints of the sti lnt hodV and wil These men were candidates for that same party which now hem s the name 4)1 the (;ATOR PARTY. Under this rgie the caliptus publications have pogressed with tit I'm virsity both in size. and both in qualitY. -Each term office has seo'n steps ta keui to s'-Ilidify' omt government ll1t 1 today it ranks as tops throuthou-t the nation. rhat can ican tne thi ing .-onlv Those who ar t. responsible for this sure have worked with an ardent and sincere desire t prlomt(te better Student pt. erI'fment alid have sllcceeded. Emmett Smith I (Unopposed) t SAMPLE BALLOT ED ROOD -President of the Student Body LESTER POUCHER -Vice-President of the Student Body JACK JONES -Secretary-Treasurer of the Student Body EMMETT SMITH -Chancellor of the Honor Court I A ALLIGATOR Editor-John W. Hamilton itinopposed) Managing Editor-John Menninger Business Manager-MerlWadsworth -AI I NO(LF Editor-Harry Brown (unopposed) Business Manager-Bit Grimes Editor-Malcolm McGasson, jipoppos"_ Bus-iness M anager-Tom Guthrit F ROO% Editor-Nathan Lindsey Business Manager--Dave Medrick W -TVI of T ENT PUBL.ICATIONS% Fred Buckles INCEVII'M ('(HN(IL Pri-sident-Jtm Garland Members-David Avant. Bill Cffith 'TIHIFTIC CO NC"IPresident-Cotton Maddill Vice-President-Jack Kinzer Secretary-Ben McGahey Members-DeWitt Dawkins Greg Hohbs GRGII 'LTI RE Eecutive Council-Don Brools Honor Couirt-Patil Braqdori A tCHITECUTI E IF Executive Council-Ed King Hon oi Comit-M. H. Johnson AITS & 1s4FCE S Executive Couiecim-Davisson Dunlap Bob Kime Honor Coit-Joe McLaughlin Dick Lo0gan IDINEN AMllTICATION Executive Council-Fletcher Rusi Honor Com-t-Henry Motes EDUC 'AT ION Executive Council Honor Co. t -Owald Rohrts, Executive Counil-Raontl Dibyns Honor Couit--Alex McDonald Execiitive Council-Samy OBryan John D. Hart is Honor Court-Dick James Executive Counci -Rufus Thompson. Walter Manley. Owen Pillans. Tom Wak-fiPId. Wa iren Siman. H a r r y Jacikson,. Uyi ne Litschgi. liirio( Coirt-Reissel Peeplies ka;yuilrind Hoge Alligat JOHN HAMILTON (unopposed) JOHN MENNINGER Associate editor, Alligator. second semester '38-'39: News editor, Alligator, first semester '38-'39: Freshman reporter. Alligator. '37'38; Frosh-Soph executive council '38-'39: Florida's NSFA news representative; Publieity' chairman of General College Weekend '38-'39.: Manager of Flior'ida student book exchange '38-'39: Secretary-treasurer of Fourth Estate clib, '38'39: Freshman tennis manager '37,a8. MERLE WADSWORTH Assistant business ii mina g'e iof Alligator '38-39: Business manager of F Book '3-'39: Highest ranking member of Alligatror Staff past 2 years; Alligator staff 3: years: Seminoli' staff onte year: Florida College Farmer one year: F Book staff 2 years; President Commerce club '38-'39: Chancelltt.Delta Sigma Pi; Beta Alpha Psi: Junior executive council: Florida Book exchange; Young I t' iv tocrats. HONOR COURT AGRICULTURE PAU ISK AGlON -Honor court: Thyrstis: P hi Siina Pledge: Ag. club: Alpha Zeta. ARTS AND SCIENCES .OE 10 hLAL'GHLIN Honor court: Gator Pep club: Sum'lie" school honor iouirt '38: Honor court representative ftir (X Weekend dance: 2 point average; German club peiet. l)I(K 1.04;A-% Vice-precsidenlt of International Relat imi Clu: T\i iv'a Is Gene! al (College slebat irg : IntramutralI track manager: Freshman tennis squad '36 37: Young Den a F t aIntelcollegiate Peace CounilProp lain COlmlitteeMember. American Student Union. Propellmt Club. Florida Plavers. White Frairs: Gen. College Social Scieice Club '36 *37. Program Coin.: Dean's List: 2.71 hionI r j' Point average in history and political science major. BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION HENRYMOTES--BYPU president: Young Democrats: Florida Players General Caliege debate squad: High school speaking tour EDUCATION O(W.ALD ROBERTS List of qualifications not availa e at p-'ss tiie. ICK .AMES List of qualifications it available at press tim. GENERAL COLLEGE R:AION)D HOGUEl Dean's list: Phi Eta Sitma: Glee eb: piomt average: Cavaliers: Board 4f control schlaihip: StUdent assistant, bureau of vocatiminal guidance tItIs-:Lu(. iF.PLEPES Member Phi Eta Sigma '3: Iin s List '37 '38: Honor Point average 2.5: Second pi lac 1-Hiw Court Essay Contest '88; Florida College Farmer Staff '37 -3s'39Alpha Zeta, National HonorarY Agticultmial Fi at* rnity '*3,%'39: Newell Eltomological Soelety; A-rictil tural (lub '31%'39; Student Ass't to Entomologist of the ftate r Plant Board: Ngle Scomt. Seminole BILL GRIMES 2.3 Hofor p int a enragee : Hin0 4t roll: Graduated fromn (ne'ral <o leg' with honors: Dean's list: Phi Delta Phi: VarsitY deitie squi t Winner South Atlantic' debate tournament: \\inner Stithern asstciatin debate touraminiIt; 5: retarI Debate clubi,: South Atlantic. oratti'ical chamtiniilship: Intvifralernity debate manager: -Managel Honor court speakers: Y ulee Declamation second pdlacr 2 ears: State Declamat ion first iptne: President Cavaliers: oini I ttrts. -'; Advance -Military NI ij-11Seminole staff. HARRY BROWN (unopposed) Board of Student Publications FRED BUCKLES (unopposed) Florida Review MALCOLM McGLASSON (unopposed) TOM GUTHRIE business staff member: Alligatoir staff menier-: Asso-ciatI' member, I '1iiveI sity depatment of Publicity 2 years: University band 2 years: Studient assistant t )De i tf Students: [Department of jour nalism juniiir: Publicity chairman of Wesley foimmition. "F" Book NATHAN LINDSEY Alliwator sta 'ff37-39: F Book staff' 3-'39: timur!t Estate (l1t '37 '39: rtsh-Siph .x e u t i v li 4 ncil '37-'38: general Colleg' l,jbatt suad .3S-'39: Gator Pep <wlt: Cavali-i sL'Apathe. DAVID HEDRICK (unopposed) AGRICULTURE lDON lllO()K'S B ini twth \,<jr's: Alphla Z-t a : i'.t-sdent. Ag. lub: Ciii arim ext-tilt i nicommittcei ural Youth conference: Fxecutive council. Ag. colleg-. ARCHITECTURE ED KING -List of qualifications not available at press time. DEWITT DA 11 KIN% List of tualifiiations nit available at press time. ARTS AND SCIENCES D AISSON DUNLAP Dean's List '36 3R: Graduated lrom n (Gneral'I College with 2.5 average: Schola.stic ave'l'ag.fin upper division 2.6: Geiineral Coll lege ebat, squad '37 '3K: Varsity de bate squad '3, '39: Alpha Kappa Psi; Pirates: Sergeant Maj. advan-ced military ROB K111E List of qualificatins nit available at press titi e. BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION I-LETCHER ". RIll D-an's List 1937-3s. 19 531 2.7 Honor Pimit average. Merli L-ii Exciutlv'( C S937-31 Me;iilwk'l> n.iiir Fxecutivett -mtiu t-e 193.! a, icrt .ist Se igeait i,. tnt-tal C lleg e Bebate Club 197-38: tiduated frotm Gene-ial college .wifli h-nors 193, : Summer Sclitt l Dacrice ( onimiitte 193x: Mser of L' ache. ilicte ittv: nterfratt-nity Confe-r,-nt ie litescta: iv, 93s ,39: M ber Pxei ut ve Ctmumittce Ga tor Purtv 193S-39. Phi Eta Sirma High 8hlmool Speakimg Project 1937-3S ENGINEERING RAOUL DOBVN's 4Sigmai Tau: 2 ptint average: Benton GREGORY HOBBS E X "'tIti\e """t""S -'39:: Captain. danced mil!aryv: S;Ibres : Sigm tnt Tan pledge': Hen tori Eng ineering society-: Am. Stwi tv of Civil Eng it: IS;IVice-presi lint of Newman l('11): Vwce-presidieit of Del ta Sigma Ph. BEN McCAHEY \a visit' track tean. years; Alterlatt captain (1, track 3 -39 Captain, advanceI military; Mil tar baIl corn n Ilttee; Vice-presi len t of Pirates: Trea st I rer. Pro pelli lh: I ApIjIIti Kappi I'si im-at'hi -2 fiint Si blaa.Stic kvea h EXECUTnVE COUNCIL Eniginenrjng society: Bacchus: Tnte ft aternmty conference: I han's list: Freshnian roupI leader -Phi Eta Sigma speaking project. HILL SCHAUB Executive council: Phi Eta Sigma: Sigma Tau pledge: BES member: 2.6 scholastic average: Intramural wrestling champion: SAM miernber. ALECK 31acDONALID A.I.(h.E. President '38-39.: Sigma Tau, Secretary 138-39: Benton Engineering Council: Benton Engineering Society: Sahres: Cavaliers: Sophomore Group Leader: Phi Kappa Phi i eligibility list 1: 2.5 Honor point average: Dean's list 135-:i. 136-37": Best Feshman Award 135-361; Major t13x-39i. LAW .OHN HARRIS List tf qu ifica'iionm not ava labl, at pres tiume. %A1M O'BRYAN Vi'e-President of the Freshman Law class: Sec'v Treas. of thumiioi Law class: Metmber of Varsity teinis m >earn iilb Ce via rs Ciptai iI(if va-sity tinnis tea. M.biiilet. marshall. ani trea.urei4 f Phi Alpha Delta. honoia mv law frat'rnit.v Member. and seev-tras. if varsity '"'' i(lt Sttideint asst at library for five years: ,' ornitory monitnt it9 37-3 ii amural iiard suiimIrsei.,sion 1937. GENERAL COLLEGE "N WA-KiELD -Presilent of Phi Eta Sigma '38 '39: Varsity eLbate Squa 3s '39: generall College Do'tste COTTON MADILL 111. team: .wahitl Priarsilona iur t miem r1; Advallv(n lt a-. skibres. 2 Ptil scholast it aVe-t aE t JACK KINZER S ivphtomoorte xecut ive r' a i n -i 1. NMCA nitmmber: Ag clui tvs i dent: Ag club vicepresident '35; Pu.blicity Mgr. Litt4 Intetnational hivestock show and lot, 3f; Blick and Bridle club: Freshmin football numeral '36; Chalman. rural vouth conference: Al l. c('itlge debate team. Ag tilll i en-uiln: Alpha Eta. Sinbbaid a .: laite Lyceum Council JIM GARLAND 2 1 Hnil iloint averge for two 'nid on'-hail 'i-vaS: Sophimore extiutivi iciimlittee: Bacchus; Glee rlub .1 y ears. Business manager, ;lt (Il ib. O53k-'39: White Friars: Siif'.s: Tniti v Ilass executive 1unc1: Advancd military: Miliay tvhall corimnittee .Junior-Senii c i l mI tt DAVID AVANT President Floria Plavers '38-'39: -alid '3-'39-: Svmphony orchestra 37 ,: S-Treasurer Junior clas 39: Enghsi club: HonIr court BILL GRIFFITH 2 1ittr point average: Gradui. .tvi with honos from General (ollege: Business manager sym phi ivt(or,< h-st ia 2 years; Band wii ochCst a assistant 3 years: (lee Ii!) 2 vears: Treasurer of Kappa Psi: Juniir class executive (;Itp 1,+ G t r e,) club: youti Diimocrta!s. Florida Players: Gen,Ia ( ',Ilei e 1tbate squad; AdSquad 1'37 ':Is it Ga S.(C'I'rip: xti u t ivi'C'tmini tt cc 6f Debu4tt' (l ':,s3 35'391: yt ingI iUiola limb "'7 '38 '3W Publicity Diret' to ioff r;GatoPp i'I ih 3'39: Dean's List 37 3s'39: Honor Pont Av'rag.hi ti -': Group Lead-r lr't-shman Wt ek '3. Fourth Estate ('Iut '35 '39: AIlip ator Staff '37 .s '39: J: Inter-rat ('on etrence '37'39. W"ARREN SI(;IAN (;ator Pep ('tub. White Friars Chai'ma Gent-ral College qu i-iilconinutto: Inti-national Relations clubCavaliers WALTER MANLEY Member Freshman Executive Council 'J.-' Chairman Finante ( ormnittee of centralal College Dance '3*: Pistol Tani '37-'3k Gator Pop club '38-'39; Florida Rifles '3k: Student Assistant lo Dean J. Ed Price "'7-'38; Cavmliers: Young Democrats: General College Library A9sistant at present: Scholastic Av-ragc 1.9 '37-'38: 2.1 '39. RUFUS THOMPSON V'i i--resit 81 fr sophomore class '3831: Frosh nxet-tltivt 1 e ,ili manc' -omntltof General Coll'-e weekend 'I'x '39: (;ator Pep cli. Frieshman group leader: Sopnomori ext ie. iiic il. HARRY .AKSON ':iaiinr Imnane -omrnmittee for General College we-k.nd : l3' .Ilntuarmal bxmg: 1.75 scholast iav e-rag ('WEN PfLL.\N s rirnn's list. -Fri-b-hian group leaer: 2.5 sclolastic averaet Phi E:i Sigrlt: Phi Eta Sigma national ct-r ion 'ii a ldi lim nn-riajol. BYR-NME LTs('Itl 1Phu F' a iSrgiiia -1i-.sliman-Soplhomore Executive Cout ml. 2 t Scholastiaver age ---Freshman ymear: Business Manage of Florida Players: Florida Review: Advarnced Militirv Rank First Sgt., Intramnural official Candidate for mtlanager'shp. Bar-huts S social chip. 4 ~-~-EdRood gEC Conference Swimming chanp in 220 yiwd dahs VDrwtyI letterman n Swimming tean 2 year F (b2.7 Ilanor Point Average U1g0e't grades hi frenthnan law Mw e Key iI 'f Fame Who's Who in American untversitlea Executive council freshman elass '35-'16 B wfleS' manager Alligator '188-'39 4 yftn Alligator' business staff Rkahuole, F book, I2lorida Review business. staff's3-'38 Lt. Colonel '38-'39 SAM'8-'S9 S years varsity debating Member of debating team which won southern 1937 and too*b Attantie 19-38 ehrpienships (Iirman General College wakend '36-37 Ilmd 'W863 President General College C'hlb 'S '17 9 I 4 F t'i LtA ttLL, 1 1-4,'n. .ED ROOD 3 I 3I Lester Poucher National Presilent, Future Farer's rm Anmeriea. 1938 Soph (lass president. 1937 Editor, F'lorida (College farmer, 19391 As5Ociatte Editor, Flirida college e Farmer. 1938 "'The most otitst.,nidiig college uf Agricultre Ireshman in North A merica," 1937 -Dntorth Poundation award. Alpha rm Alpha. honorary agriculttre education fraternmity Dean's list 1937' Freshman group leader, 1937 C(olle",ate FFA chapter ?" Kricumlitire cilb Vi'e-chairman, Florida student party, 1938 4w i 4 Athletic Council 

PAGE 10

PAGE TEN. Ag Students Will Best Orator Constitution TA-n IL g I 9 g I i I g I I I I I -I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i g I I a :119 I I i I 9 9 '4; I I I I I I II 9 I I SI V 6 I I ,1171 I enninger I FOR I I 44 I I IIA I I N I I A I I I I 'U I a I I II I I I I I I 'U I 9 a I I I III I 111D 9 I I II II i ii .4 I g 11I a 'ID I I I I (i~~1~ Alligator HE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR tal Ante i aae Lvergi__es Thefollowing amendments to To rthe student body constitution have Inspection Tor, been proposed by the Executive council and -will be submitted to ollgertofAgriculture%%,ill leave the student body for ratification Mondayfofgrtre w vein the'April 6. 1939. general electondav for a three-day field trip tion. In order to become effecto the Everglade vegetable proitive these amendments must be duction area. Charles E. Abbott' professor ot horticulture, announc-I I r'atifiedl by twvo-thir-ds of the votes drthisr wee. Cast in that election and at least, Accompanied 25 percent of the student body 42 students willle y er abes t, must participate in that election. by motor on the trip which villeI AMENDMENT r. Add as new include Weirsdale Winter Galden,h section to Article IVSanford, Sarasota and other proii See 9. "All resignations froim during sections in Hillsborough. Student Body and class officers Charlotte, Lee, Glades. Palm must be made in writing to the Beach Okeechobee and other counpresident of the student body." ties in South Florida. These areas AMENDMENT 2. Add as new are iipo)rtant not only to the .section to Article Nstate but to the whole country ISec. 7, "Any college of the I ias well. since here are grown a varsity of Florida may assess its large part of the vegetables that members a special student activifeed the great population centers ty fee, when such fee is reasonof the north, Prof. Abbott stated. Stuart Simon w-n the annual able in the opinion of the ExecuInspection of vegetable fields Southern Association Oratorv contive council, such assessment to and packing plants and interviews btesti Baton Rouge, La. Wedneshe made only upon approval by with growers and others connectday night. Speaking on goverlipopular vote of two-thirds the ed with the vegetable industry mctal regulation of business, he members of the college affected. are planned for the trip which defeated contestants from schools A vote on the assessment to be will end Wednesday, Prof. Abbott throu-hout the country. taken in the spring or fall elecadded. tion upon the presentation of a -petition, signed by fifteen percent of the duly registered students of SurSmi that college, to the Executive council of the student holy.'' Oratory C nest Continued from kPage Seven t f eAMENDMENT 3. For Sec 4 of Stuart Simon, junior in the Colhis activity was changed from Article V which now readslege of Arts and Sciences, won the outdoor pool to the indoor "All vacancies occurring before the annual oratory contest Wedpallor. rortunately, chic surthe fall elections shall he filled in ..n Zv i l plo t i l d i nesday night at the meeting of vived these early r0mantIc att1e'Southern Association of tacks and went back to the pool ously with the fall ccttions. In Teachers of Speech at Baton to establish his recnids. case of any vacancy in a Student Rouge, La. Competing against Then the "Duke" decided to beBody office occurring after the orators from all over the country 1co a college mai and carry fall elections, it shall be within .Simon received the unanimous dehis swimming ability along for the discretion of the president of iesion of the judges for his speech what it may be worth. Since the student body with the approvdealing with government control coniig here the "Duke" has progal of the Executive council to call of business and industry. ressed rapidly under the direction a special election to fill said vaThis is the climax of Simon's and coaching of Coach Fi ank cancy, or to fill said vacancy b\ three years of collegiate speech .Genovar. Chic had no trouble appointment with three-fourthls work. Winner as a freshman of 'in setting pool and SEC records approval of the Exectitive counithlie General College declamation but his one ambition remained to cil." contest, he became last year the attend the nationals and comSubstitute the followingfirst sophomore in the history of pTei asairst the be.st wime"s. 'All vacancies occurring before the contest to win the David Levy his year Chi along with the fall elections shall Ie filled ill Yulee speech award. Last year fellow teammate Joe Rood, achi -a special election to fill satI vahe vas a member of the FloridaU that r bittion and brought. te orisly with the fall elections. In debate team that won the South diversity national prestige by case of any vacaicy in a stInlent finising furth n thecau-erd of Atlantic Forensic league debating nii fourth i the -aoffce occurri after the fall contest, defeating a number of A d h elections, it shall be 'within the (lefeating Ahead of Chic in till'5o wele dsito ftep-sdlto h larger schools. Michigan's two aces. I Charles discretion of te president of the S-nLee ba ker incidentally, of Tarstudent body with tHie approval of Engineering Scholastic a iWaldemar Tomskand PUeectit.) ill sai nh tolWolfe of Southe n California. The 3 Award Given To Hines latter beat Chic's time liv onecy.tor to fill said vacant-v1y tenth of a s'e ttd aid ti' baljpointmeit with three-fourths apB. THn J.fsheaded dashimat whn is not piuoei proval of the Executive ttctrn(cil, f T. Hines Jr., freshman planto exaggel atiori claims that but with the exception of the offices ning to major in electrical engifur a bad start he would have of vice-president and secretaryneering, was given the Sigma Tau finished ahead of the S. C. swimtreasurer of the student boody, ani award for the first-year man with mer. chancellor of the Honor eort, to the highest scholastic ranking of But now the "Duke" has atfill which an election must bh -. those planning to enter the Colother goal before him and 'held." lege of Engineering at last week's that is possible participation M DM 'i .llete fro freshman assembly. in the w dOynipiciin 1940. Chic A article IIIthe following Sec. The award speech w,,a.4 made, claims there .4.e fioie Amniri'which now readsover the telephone by Dean Jocan collegiate swinuniers who ''All officers tf t' strdt seph Weil of the College of Engicart beat, his timc but %with body'shall neerin-g fron Orlando, where he proper training he should be ar, ti bi at was attendina Florida Engineerable to qualify for the Ammini tered by the fl i tirit al ing society meet, and was broaderican team. And %iheni this cast in the University auditorium. t Acosta iati sets his minld to taello' tf the Htnor court : 'I d Representing Sigma Tau, the task there Is nothing that presolemnly promise iplm my thortor ortly honorary engineering society vents his accomplishing it. that I will uphttld and defeinId It of the camptinps, was Al Fish Green, Until tle nationals five mnur provisions of the ctist itIrti ttt V Wc,-1)resi(tent of the organizahad defeated the "Duke" durlaws, and Htoior c(OIe tff the st tiont, who made the award. ing his career and those liv tleilitbody f fti l' mti5i ty \ --me have seni the bald-headFll"rida, so hlp me God." No VotiniMachins ed ace 'coe back to reverse AM EN)MENT 5. For Sec.I of No otig M ch es tile tables. Article VI %%hich now readsThe "Duke'' will swim against "Two-thirds of the mienm beis tif In Coming Elections Miami U Friday and then finish the Executive coirincil,Iot irnchidIthe season in the SEC meet it ing the president and t he se r(Votimg machines will not be Nashville, Tenn. After that his tary-treasurer, shall constitute isid in Thursday's election. contime and efforts will be for farqut'um for the I'anstcti t trIizy to rumors in some quarters. off Finland whetc the U.S. will business." Because of the difficulty in hansend various athletic teams to Substitute the followingdling the machines, their relative c'ompcte in the world wide Olyri"AIquormn ,hall consist of twosltwnviess in allowing only one man tic games. We believe n' baldhirds of the mellbers of the Eto v te at a time. and the necesheaded youngster will be o that eutive council excluding the sityftr instructing the student U.S. -aquatic team and Iis naniec ide cnl, ecutgry Iis I~ ~ ~ ~ P ho!nte s fth pa'au.SunLtds somiething like St.Elititi presidlent arnd the secr'etatv-t relsIt WS ine aided not ttU&them Chic W. Acosta Jr., swimmer deuer. provided that no one shall Vti-grl onklin, member of, the luxe who became a swimmer only be considered a member of the it nril (ut ee )Pklin tem thM because a pool was near the house Council who has not been duly dto inestiand his brother could beat him. elected in accordance with Seeate usage of the machines, said Now only three collegiate swimtionI of Article V or dlily elected y's erdli. mers in the country can better' or appointed in express accordI 'se Of the r aehines at the tie "Duke's" time and maybe by alice with Section 4 of Article. wieii(s college in Tallahassee :1940 they, too, will find themV." tr'-'ved unsatisfactory. Voting sex-es alongwith the other five A M ENDM1ENl' 6. For Sec. 1, prigrlesselI slowly aN d fewer votes swimmers who have managed t' b, of Article IV which now readsere cast than exer before, Conkdefeat the man who won't stay "Alny candidates for a student defeated for long. body office nmust have a scholas Good luck, St. Eluo, and by tic average of at least C" ft'r his P Council Wil that i e "ean wed like nothtotal period as a neiber of tie Brig peke H reIjig better that, to kiow ou studlet body at the time of his Br ad a two-way ticket to Fin-election." land in 19410 as a member of Substitute the folloingPlans tor Florida participation the U. S. Olympic aquatic "N one shall be eligible for SNat on ece day. A pril 21 team. election or appointment to i stu I cl wt niiIated thils week at a -1 lio iua dent hoilv office. u less lt' Iu;i t f int erested students. Th' The University of California's hola sitaverage t ;i I a C 0111ce ins a rra nged to bring aittom-i -masllig (yclotronli weighs for his total period as a merr I o (llx thed spaker-ito the -ss toran. of the student body at the timtoc I I I I I I I I I I $ I a I ctivtity will ic ip to tltIiit d( of last. etr's proo ix r rh airman of the -ce, said. Last year Dr. ii t,n HoIt Iresident of Rol l. ;tcilre 'sed an audience f 1 ts l F rda Union .Ju1i IReceired Really DIFFERENT VASSAR Lwstex SAV -,I TRUNKS 2=Wayv Stretch JIM LARCHE i f nis election or appointment." -,M .NDMUNT '7. Add a m Section to Article XSection 4, o, $.20 per sturdent shall be devoted to the Universu y I ~ --ow OW-OPTOMETRIST' col VISUAL F5TRAIlS 4. L CCOL5 130 L. Main NSt Phone 1578 I I -----.I SATURDAY, APRIL I o Pharmi' and one meine r extry shall he consitcred idleges.'' Puk et On ,Ii tivSchool of retry. and 1n additional mebiher to be electof Florida S ympiion v orchestra.I .1 r e h tt' Unr11111led stuwhich shall entitle any bonn fide vCrtn oVd' 81d iit t two hiimstudent of the University to frce red in each college." admission to any and all conIkewi for See. 1 of Article, certs given by said orgalizatio." \ Ill whih now readsAMENDMENTI' 8. For Sec., g ,There shall1e at 0 Honor court which now reads-sdf a chancellor elected "$0.15 per upper <division stil f tom the stalent .tdv at large. dent shall be devoted t the ter--id 1 uar m m eS ('ectoil ary societies, to he apportioned a1iotnmg them a;1 provided iII the laws of the student body." Substitute lie foli4wing'$4 10 per upper litvisiol: stIent ,11w tev)x I te to the Iiterary societies, shall be alliwated to the special ftund, to be spent as such. The literary societies may draw solelY fonm this portion of the special fund. and as provided in the laws of the student body." AMENDM ENT 9. For Sev. I of Article VI which now reads''There shall he an Executive council el cted from the various colleges of the UIniversity pro rata as follows: To members to be elei ted froim each .lege, and ,ne membe I'it c elected from the School of Architecture and Allied Arts, and one mienmher from the School f Pharicay, and an addition al mieer ti be .elected for each thrte h in dred student54 over a m abhtve two hundred in c(ch college.'" Substitute the following"The re sallu h bei an Execit i-e( council elected Ir' nthe \ari'US (-tleges f(i tin' T'niversity pri rata as follows: 'Two tmemibers to be elected 1m each.college. and one iembli er to be elected tr]i)I l tlie School of Architecture mid Allied Arls. tie werici from the Schio -V Suits C& 35c C A. C College Inn Utilities eorgeS itti SecrIa iv-TIrea oii A lrl MCHEts Golfers Place Fourth Ecv$ LLPS STUO In Miami Tourney r and EXPERT RE 1 The I niveristt gof te.t 1 .h al1 East 48thStreet, by Ctach IlarrY Smith has WIckersham 'i in Mmii tin past week taktg part n the annual state amatt'r golf toui'natmtenit at the Mi' l 'tmore 0)11nt v club. i lhe ft ir-man team con wtiti on the Florida squad placed f turtih I behin i the M Iam i Biltmori ontry club, the Palma Ceia lub i I'Tanipa and the Ponte Vedia cHit( of Jacksonville. A stutdenlt imutisical comedy iwIll be produced t Yale this year l fo the first ttltn .Sincel 1891 Just leceired Imported All Silk Foulard r I E S Our food issco high these days. 110 wollder' Alikh of delicious foodi the SS011. A 300 West University Ave. __ mial ol jusgt a s ----best of qua ausure SU1ITS '\11d fas, patterns. Made to fit 5tIU' THE GAi STOCK spender3,Straw hats RESTAUR AILORS (011 W ay to( p11"') 1 otintaid# Se" ft m tie vfirts colleges as fol laws on mebertohe cI ec t v d f! e,, ei ;in l an adk I : (nalImw er ltIrm lsuch ecL I having the Igest student enrollTienlt a. to to:l the membership to 12' -uI titilte 1t w follmiug-There shall be an m lonr court a chliA cellorl. elected IIt1 I11hr S.int 1-odv at large :in 13 rg uIzrtt'fltmmbers elected t'lm nm lt %-;i I Itl es as folittV'S: Ui:e Iembiler to be elected rfl ieach college ant n a11t :1ddi imA airfrom llsuch clee having tilie Ia gest student enrollment ait. .l t tal thc e membclship t 14." .ikewise for See. 16 of A -t ie VIII whichIi mno reds''F'rtil the u ipose Of Section 1 )f this article. the Schools of Ar chitecture :al Pharmlacy -;Iail he (-olsier A "s i-olecn Slibstiute tihe followingFr the purpose of Section 1 () this irticle. the S-chool oif Are~~~ ~~ li ceueP mca ForIn the latest style and ALSO IN Sih t I es, Belts, Sus EIEIS 1 1, v FOR A er at "-'Aker ormwzce. IN SMOKING PLEASURE Bcforr. and after seeing BETTE DAVIS in "DARK VICTORY" enjoy.Chesterfield's Happy Combination of the world's best cigarette tobaccos J i it f I '(c-( 11' -hc-c(piud Ic id ChcsIcrfields are refresh;tygI \mildc-, tu4tc hcs ter aid ihavc a more pleasing ai6ina. ( bcstcrlild gives you just what yo u want in a cigarette. 1Ihen youLry 'vthein1 l y u wiflknow hyCq Chstcr: fic ci ?Ilins of m.n and wont nimore ph'asm 'c '/THEY & 5'Y. IY e deste tsrfied T he vir-t t At I : -1 d's best 6cigarette tobaccos, The-yre MiIeJ! tt i Thot Boating Picnicking At Lake Winott Fo l~e i lc 't C ;4 r:t of lT 'I v r r Large ot Me!a ng leed boats, large rav!ihnn for l!CULe part. Clean L. W. MYRES. Hawthorne, Fla. ici --,i 

PAGE 11

Shoes University of a 13-year-old pair ahi. possession that he sin for any price, even e 1 held together by plu. They've been worn Princeton, Notre Du.moueh, Rutgers, M. I. N. U., McGill, Cornell, ,Georgia Tech and Fist worn by a HardmIe In 1926, the "edushoes have been sent shool to school. Main use esisets the document Itnpenies them is that 6"wdin during great strife such as inals, depresquizes,chtos and through ours during the come calm and quiet of Im shoes seem to bring too, for last semester up a record of 5 A's IN's PhO kf Fb ,r 1ki4 New "Sport" Tern Hernandez, Louisiana State University, has just won singles honors in the National Intercollegiate Flower Judging contest. His team won second place, with ,Ohio State first. The contest was held in Dallas, Texas. p. / a AL I Close to Europe's War Scares Students o Wellington College in England are spending their spare time building a shelter Ir the woods near their campus. Shelters are covered with two feet of lined with Teell and concrete. Acme 7 IA -Wr '00e'OL I 

PAGE 12

I. I LI Fencers Demonstrate Championship Form It was a real touch and go battle when Cornell University's co-ed fencers (left) met the University of Pennsylvania foilswomen in an intercollegiate match in the latter's gymnasium. W~de Wodd C. 'p "Have a Scottwitch" .was the sales-cry of North. western University co-eds when they sold sandwiches to raise funds for Scott hall, new social center to be erected as a tribute to retiring .00 President Walter Dill Scott A Future Grid Generals Are Now Loyal Practice-Session Fans Perhaps it won't be long before these young 'uns will be cavorting with the pigskin before stadium crowds, but right now they are intent on watching what goes on during spring football practice at the University of Florida. Recommended for Ranch-mnintW Betty Howell, Santa Barbara State Coll rw poses in an after-class ensemble espC'Y who prefer the ranch range to the kitchi rF of the many lArge ranches near the college's 10 46 PL 

PAGE 13

1 7 I L ( iT <4 'Ti, C THERE sTE SOMETHING TO THIS PIPE-SMOKING THATIM4 MISSING. WHAT IS IT? 'HERE'S V1W11H1AT YooRE MISSING, FELLOW pRINCE ALBERT. THERE'S NO OTHER TOBACCO LKE IT. oyright. 1939. R. J. ReindTebmoComwuw MILDNESS -AND HOW! COOL, SMOOTH SMOKING Too! E VERY puff of Prince Albert is filled with RICH, RIPE TASTE -good, full body that's never harsh, always EXTRA MILD! That's real smoking joy in anybody's pipe. No rawness to raise hob with your tongue. P. A.'s exclusive "no-bite" process assures all the full, rich taste of choice tobaccos without annoying harshness to bite your tongue. P. A. gives; you a lot for your tobacco money. Try the big red pocket tin todal. "Fams" Take Care of e6 0"3bcaft" ft" Stae C eghe,rA the sophomore me's rvice 'S boardmnd-room the college's sport mascot. Here P*9. bosl tq temporarily docile e"-oto by Petch 3U Fewk LAm.,h SO AILD-SO TASTY S.oke 20 fragraut pipefuls of Priace Albert. If you don't find it the mellowest, tastiest pipe tobacco you ever smoked, return the pocket tin with the rest of the tobacco in it to us at any time within a month from this date, and we will refund full purchase price, plus postage. (Signed) R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, North Carolina 1 1 50 pipefuk of fEm. trat tobacco in every handy pocket ti. of Prince Albert l #0010 .A 1 .4 I CM Val***:9 

PAGE 14

F7~m 04 AK2 ~?4riI 0 Classroom conduct hasn't changed much since the latter part of the 14th Century when Henricus de Alemania lectured at the famous School of Bologna (no gag). Boredom, gossip, laughter, weariness and argument are all present in the student body. The scholarly lecturer sits almost on the ceiling, a symbol of his in.tellectual superiority and -also -a good vantage point during exams. Some of the students are unshaven because good old Bologna hadn't won a badminton match since early in the century. (Miniature painting by Laurentius de Voltolina.) 51r~ 4' Boy, did they go after the freshmen The tortures of the dun eons were given a real firsthand study by the newcomers -and they often studied so hard they didn't live to put their new-found knowledge to good use. A candid canvas shot taken just 326 years ago of a couple of sophomores letting off stem in a little dueling match. Not many students flunked out of schools in those days but lots of them were carried out. It was all good, clean college fun, though no matter what the cost -and they did wear such pretty clothes i 0 University students "sending" for the benefit of the CampS boys would even move pianos out into the yard for a chance I to their Lady Fair. All this was back in 1612 -and if you dO was riding the strings even then, you're "icky'. V F Here are the racqueteers of the class of '12 praCdi of the National Intercollegiate Indoors. Court tennis wo in those days; the rules were more complicated and yO0 oval pnted on the back wall for some esoteric reason sprinted around the court and in the basket bear a blance to fruit but it's probably just the artist's fault. it a "fruit-fault"? V I 14 I 

PAGE 15

Tunesmiths Music kow t" annual One Hundsh Night show of the U. S. Military Academy, "About Face', is being given a final audition by the directors of the student production, Cadets Foerster, Smith and Ockershauwser. Old-style Campaigner Without funds to rent a hall, JohnsGodlewili, Univesity of Illinois student, borrowed a soap 0box, hired a sign-carrier and took his speech-making to the street-cornrs in his campaign for City commissioner of East St. Louis, Ill. c yyO UWILL00 N WIE Fs C11 1 rA y1U'CIIANG0 tjl' Tb/F>'V&V6E7 THFp /HKN IS /MSO/ FOR SMOKING PLEASURE AT ITS BEST. C AMEL S 

PAGE 16

A I I Fool-Proof Gun Hook-up Prevents False Starts Lawson Robertson, University of Pennsylvania track coach, demonstrates his new starting sun with the help of August Beltzner and Glenn Cunningham (right). The apparatus requires that each runner place his hands on two wooden squares that when pressed down complete an electrical circuit and permit the gun to be fired. Acme She's Champion Collegiatj Something new in championship E by Mrs. Sue Lee Gunter, official ck versity of Alabama. She's attended A hasn't danced at onel C4 & w/ & I 11 '4' 

PAGE 17

Americans Use Gas Masks for Peace-time Work Demonstrating the American version of a gas mask drill, these University of North Dakota students are taking first aid and mine rescue training under supervision of a federal instructor. Tanks on their backs provide oxygen. Col,,,i,, e PhoobyRude 14* c e 'e se t, Ith le, //S, I I dents Draft Bills for State Legislators 6O legislative reference bureau, these Ohio State University students l'"gslators in correctly preparing measures for introduction into the "'*t hoo*y atian Fired With Determination to Get an Education Marie Louise Meeks is shoveling her way through college by stoking the furnace in a women'-s dormitory at Purdue University. She's a member of a co-ed -honor societsrla.: Collesatr e st OO--' --. 

PAGE 18

AI I Champions Battle to Hold Title Faced with a series of difficult matches, members of New York University's intercollegiate women's fencing team are duelling daily in practice matches. 4ke team is watching Jo Mancinelli and Ruth Barcan. ro"f I 9 N 1 W 7r,,au 77OrCzechI V ,. .~ ~dU~d' Ex-President to TeAd, "Democracy" Dr. Eduard Benes (right) and Mrs Bnes wWI reat reception when they arrived on the a=, hicago campus. The president of Cz0 before-Munich is conducting a three-monhAi democracies. Two Kinds of "Guinea !iVI .real and human, assisted Dr. A. R. Bliss, Jr.#4 ard College of Birmingham, in a series of'euPOW determine the effects of certain drugs on ii body. The real guinea pigs are in the cages. '1 AN LwA -IX -t -si StudentsI Live in Own Dormitory City "Varsity Village" is the name of the new town of six residences built for Niagara University students. This unique housing project for collegians will include 23 homes when completed, and all will be located near the university's miniature lake. Each houses 17 students. Jitterbugging Comes Out Into the O An outdoor pavilion for "date nights" has been OP State College For Women students. Only entry feeia fying the bearer is a TSCW student. University of men recently put their okeh on the novel dance were entertained during a Texas tour. 'wan "Sp n r i ,4mlwf i 
