
PAGE 1

The Independent Florida Allgator C) po to~n ~ n cunesvd hd Not of ~colyo oss ld w$Fm U* es o iod VOL. 67 NO. 104 Friend claims fly ERIC ESTRIN said. "They hadc and sentenced him TERRI WOOD OUIVER'SC Afligab, StaffWrites general, rather Camil 'as sh~ The shooting of Gainesville activist Scott Camil was "a drug agents wh~ blatant case of attempted assassination.' a close friend of has A complaints claimed Tuesday. Monday with ti Michael Oliver, a thunder of the Vietnam Veterans Against Wade Hampto. the War organization and longtime associate of Camil. made HAMPTON the cdam at a press conference in Cair's northwest foicenment Admi Gainesville home. Camil. OLIVER, WHO WAS flanked by Camir's attorney Larry He said an ii Turner. claimed federal agents have been trying to "set him "buys" of a cc (Camjil) up" ever since he became involved with the anti-war March 7 and 31 organization iin 1970. purchase. Marc He referred to charges against Camil for kidnaping and Monday after various drug offenses and pointed out he had never been house. 425 NW convicted, delivered two a "This time they didn't bother bringing him to tritl" he crdi to Tad Cam iiwas the charge, they found him guilty, and they to death." Oliver said. OMPLAINTS were with federal agents mn than local police or any individuals. 01 Monday while in the company of federal o reportedly were arresting him. charging Carnil with sale of cocaine was filed te federal magistrate in Gainesville. William I. SAID AGENTS front, the federal Drug En. inistration filed the complaint after arresting l!Idavit filed by the drug agents reported two strolled substance or of narcotics between I. but charges were filed only on the second hi 32. noon the ants gave Cantil 52,3M at Ca mite's 10 Ave., about one or two hours befirt he nd one half ounces of cocaine to them, acISwift. Drug Enforcement Administrative photob ohn lmomn Camigros, a nmailsr venloi of the treditlonal Advance rkd, tickets or. being sold at the UF box county lair, complet, with midway, roller-coaster and off Ice in Constans Theatre and at Rnbel Discount gldeshow howkert, will open at UP for the ninth lime trough today, all proceeds going to the fund. tomorrow. Activities will open at 5 p.m. weekdays and at noon The carnival Is uponogrnd by the Gatar Lon Fund on weekends. and will run for 10 days' Gainesville bidding for UF power setup public intbrmiation officer. CAMIL WAS L3STED in fair condition at Alachus General Hospital Tuesday. According to Olive,. a bullet was removed from his stomach Monday nieht. Oliver claimed a federal report stating the bullet entered under Caiis armpit was "not true. He said the bullet entered Camil's back under the left shoulder blade, punctured and collapsed at least one lung and was deflected into the stomach. HE ClAIMED CAhill waS shoe in the back front paint blank range and said powder burns on Camil's clothes will prove it. He said Camir's clothes were confiscated upo. his arrival at the hospital. Mildred Roper, supervisor of nursing at Alachus General said the bullet entered Camjil's arnipit from the back side, but hospital authorities would not give specifics about Camii's condition. THlE DRUG AGENCY report stated Camil was shot under the armpit after strugling with agents in a car heading north on NW Second Street. Swift identified Ray Potter as the agent driving the car and Dennis Fifraerald as the agent in the back seat who "involuntarily' shot Camil. Swift said Camil caused Fitzgerald's gun to fire when he grabbed the agent's gun hand from the front seat durin, an attempt to disarn Fitzgerald. HE SAID Fitzgerald's finger was on the trigger when Canil "caused the gun to discharge." Swift said it was customary for agents to display their guns during a narcotics arrest because "a lot of violators art armed." Both agents were armed and Camil was not, he said. According to Swift. when Fitzgerald drew his gun and told Camil he was under arrest, Camil turned around and grabbed the agent's badge. gave him several karate chops on the neck and grabbed the agent's Run hand. SWiFT SAID ThE federal drug agency is conducting an investigation to determine the endc circumstances of the shooting. Fitzgerald has been placed on limited duty, which means he A til not be assigned to any new cases until the investigation is complete, according to John ILe Pore, a special agent in charge of the Orlando district office. It Pore said this is standard procedure. CAP'T. CHARLES C. SNOWDEN of the Gainesville Police Department (G PD) Detective Division said GPD and the state attorney's office are also conducting an investigation of Camil's shooting. Snowden said GPD was working with the state attorney's office because the federal agency was involved with the shod i ng. He said GPD would talk to witnesses to deternmie the circumstances of the shooting and report to the state attorney's office which would niake the final determination Cam lsfti nd Oli erdlisceo ntcd the Me al dr age c said if Camnil had given anyone karate chops, he would have been charged with assault, which he was not. OLIVER IS ONE of only a few people who have been (See 'Camil. 'paje tour) contract j inE.A 3161LE3 Th. City of Gainesyffle is trying for the apprcahmatety 33 million a year cotta to frinih poser for UF. The Florida Power Corporatian (FPC0 has serviced UP for A.e pa IC yeas UF Ami Asodce Presidest Aidres. II.s. Jr. Is paint Sf the Si. Pne b au4sg fI,,.ik ( Caimnisoe ha es m hardsee ssaefl't lb.'t peS.m b th Ame AsimisS. uewaesnd a pestile camfict Ef MSf1t. tat UtUliiw General Managnr ASihat aseS beiy hawmtred 13DAT SUE hippemed to be. I don't sIt -s a confit of butnse."' RiST -ak Ninas' secretary said Hines was out of srwn for sh. week and cotS a be reached for comaint. Accengm to WT. NM S.e UF'Ss aistan dIMSo of entilneerlug and utIlItIes, the oily two csupanies "In the position" to unrite UF are the FFC and the Remional Utltus board, which airnishes punet to G3unasvIlle. "It's up to the uplvmrsiy and the neents aimo who's best in tarn. of benefits to the university. Michael said. TIE TOTAL ENERGY porthaued by UP this wear Is edi. b. asou 53 md~t., Mhad sid. At Maadsj mit's inning, ah Galuesytll Cly CondaIssoe spued o hmudiler motifp she uegmub St thukr desk.e go surMSd poser to UP. Utti. GeneSa Maer tAb Roundiee said the rate. paid by IJF dt r very ltdehesthose pald by thkcy. IN OID ACTIOS. Li. Cain.n past prusidelt .f the Galnuiville Ame Chamber of Commerce. spoke so the nam e.sio ees ds-ton uedwuhnpsn. Is hInta cumidmujaim .45 osomsn dmuhpesmmt .bue beasd. It was sumssrusta-vmnes o. the booed should include the med is.,asefcauts, prepay ownes and spotaspaucms for low-la.ss temklas In a. mon r to khap dowsmo Gainesville "active," Jhb Pimples, cftoinSeets 1.ges Grannry, a e-wek ofi ld coopnrathe, asked for -e af mpm lb ay of the conaingS dew sawn mssry. C4omhesw Rus.d t.r sad as co-op-a Gs mmmas sps a ah asflt h ma dn, -tt~ lseta nis ar The HIS&rl Pfsvtuw e peam waiSa ed S2h0 bie comahlo 1.1 ce e --tie. Bill Wrhe, mpflt chakrma, -rsae mrgan jab and pulley stps The pregrawe Is dein Be opemuw, sl~ma aSde Ic-i st' ruis.-- 

PAGE 2

Pue. th l.Indpand.* fl.Md Mui. Wedn.y. Apdil t 997 3rd provincial capital falls SAIGON (UPI) -Tank-led North Vietnamese troops smashed into the coastal headquarters city of Nha Trang Tuesday. forcing South Vietnamese defenders to abandon the key provincial capital that was once the home of the U.S. Greetn Berets. Nh. Traiig. lBS miles northeast of Saigon. was the third provincial capital to be lost in 24 hours by the South Viet.namese in the face of a Communist blitzkrieg down the central coast through crumbling defenses toward an in.creasingly jittery Saigon. The three abandoned capitals were Qul Nhon, Tuy Hoa and Nh. Trang on the coast ranging up so 250 miles northeast of Saigon. The Communists now control IS provinces roughly about two-thirds of South Vietnamese territory. Pressure for the removal of President Nguyen Van Thieu from offce mounted Tuesday. Sen. Vu Van Mau, fonner toreignt minister and spokesman of a radical Buddhist movement, demanded his immediate resignation. Coup rumors swept the capital as the military situation deteriorated. Hundreds of foreign residents of Saigon swamped immigration offces trying to obtain exit visas. Thieu abruptly canceled a scheduled meeting with visiting U.S. Army Chief of Staff (en. Frederick C. Wevand on the eve on his departure for the United States to report to President Ford. Weyand postponed his departure and rescheduled a working session for Wednesday with Thieu. Gen. Cao Van Vien of the Vietnamese joint general staff aid U.S. Ambassador Graham Martin. Military sources said North Vietnamese tanks and troopS had battered their way into Nha Trang -and all authority had broken down In the city, which formerly was headquarters of the U.S. Green Beret special forces mn Vietnam-. Communist infiltrators broke opel) the Nha Trang ;ail and treed hundreds of prisoners. Rioting. looting and gunbatiles 't reported in the city, and Communist thrces ee reported in control of sizable scctionsofthetown. Nearly 200 American consulate officials. teachers and missionaries nere evacuated from Nb. Trang. capital of Khmnnh Ho. province. Communist infiltrators broke open the Nha Trang jail and freed hundreds of prisoners. Rioting. looting and gunbattles were reported in the city, and Communist forces were reported control of sizable sections of the town-. Nearly 200 American consulate officials. teachers and missionaries were evacuated from Nh. Trang, capital of Khannh Hoa province. as the city erupted into the now r'amiliar chaos of rioting and looting. WASHINGTON (UPI)-The 27-mer-old rule of requiring voting American men to register for the draft within a month of their eighteenth birthdays was abolished Tuesday. Selective Service offcials said it will soon be replaced by a once-a-year registration system. A spokesman said exact details remain to be worked out and will be announced later in the year, with the first mass registration in early 1976 'The requirement to register is still in full force and effect and only the method of registration will be changed, emphasized Selective Service System Director Byron V. Pt pit one. When the draft ended there was couicew that young men either would not know about -or would intentionally ignore -the registration law. But Pepitone said the agency registered more I 8-year-olds last year than the census bureau Former ilreasury Secretary John Connally went cin trial today on bribery and conspiracy charges. In, questioning prospective jurors. the prosecution revealed its intention to play White House tape during the trial.Connally is charged with accepting two cash bribes of tirethousand dollars each from a milk producers co-operative in exchange for helping to obtain increases in milk price suppodts. The prosecutor said he intended to play a tape from a thought were alive. But another Selective Service offcial said. "We've been having somewhat of a problem getting young men to register in a timely fashion." Thbe old system required men to sign up within a period of 30 days hefow the 30 days after their eighteenth birthdays. The offcials said it was hoped that once-a--year registration, held amid considerable hoopla and publicity,. would be easier for the registrants and cheaper for the government,. Offcials have bee, debating whether to use high schools. courthouses, or polling places for the registration. They also have to decide how many days to devote to registration. Most officials arc talking of three to four days. The present system has bees used since 1948. conversation between Connally and former President Nixon on March 23. 1Q71 ..the day Nixon reversed an Agriculture Department decision and ordered the price supports increased. A transcript of the conversation released last year has Connally telling Nixon that (allure to raise the supports will cause serious political problems. Connally ha. contended since his Indictment that he is innocent of the charges, and his face was grint this morning whien he anerged from a limousine outside the courthouse. I ml I I DORM STUDENT SPECIAL DELIVERED TO YOUR ROOM MONDAY THRU SATURDAY DURING SPR ING QTII FOR ONLY C per week ,er qtr. 0 March 33 --June 6 CALL CIRCULATION 373-14 I6-NOW? YOU OU OEINiTf SUN .Ato. Urn er-a.eAP.nd New Yark Th. Wire .Y Guide esele eCampl Spits -.he Pt glacs New Yrka Times Wetldy e0-$. ata and MationS Cc. p Kaiw. wednesday capsule L on NoI in exilie; PHNOM PENH (UPI)A tearful President Lan Not left embattled Cambodia for exile Tuesday. Rebel troops celebrated his departure by tightening the noose around Phnom Pehn and partially overrunning one of (he ,oen nment s last provincial strongholds. Laa, Nol. 62, who has led the Cambodian government for tive years since the overthrow of Prince Nordom Sihanouk. Ilrwto Indonesia via Thailand. Two insurgent rockets landsd near the president's plane as he climbed the boarding ramp at the Pochetitotng airport. The president. accompanied by Prime Minister Lang Roret and a party of 28 offcials, arrived late Tuesday in Jakarta, Indonesia, and then flew on to Bali on the fit leg of what was described as an "unoffcial" tour destined to take him to the United States. Senior Government sources said it was dlear the chief of state has no intention of rturming. Shortly aftter Ion Nd's departure, offcial sources disclosed that the Mekong River town of Neak Luong, jammed with 60,.00 refugees and soldiers, had been partially overrun and was in danger of falling. Thet fell of Neak Luong, besieged for over two months, would true thousands of rebels to join in the battle for Phnom Pt, h. The sources also said goveitment forces retreated south and nonthwtst of Phnwu Peels. Rebel rocket. fell on both Pochastong airport. whew the American airlift continued. and in the city near the U.S. embassy. tsr, Nol made a tearful departure. Genuruis mid prominent politicians gathered in the president's Chamcar Mon palace to bid fall. Witness at the depetwe cnmony said the pmeidenit left reluctantly, and -s he Iisected a color guard both he and his wife wept. Fischer may drop title NEW YORK (UPI) -World dims champion Bobby midnight ultimatum -defend your title or lose it. Rut it was April Fool's Day, and there was just the chance that the chess world's superstar was conducting 11th-hour maneuvers in a war of nerves. The 32-year-old Fischer, who for years has been astounding. confounding and harassing the chtess world, has refused to accept one of the new nules laid down by the International Chess Federation. At stake is hi. title and a record 53 million world championship purse fhr a June match otilred by the Philippine Roverninent. -n.ampS *fn.ec. --.e. i.W .r --la e -=.'=vW=. *.Md "nS,-L' Sma a. ... Draft registration rule changes T ape to be used in Connally trial WANTED:' One full-time librarian to keep The Alligator files in working order. Experience preferred, and desire mandAtory. 

PAGE 3

UF car ban suggested Th. ind.pnd.nt n.M. ALII.tcr, W.dn.Sq,. 4.112 197L By STUART EMMRICH AllIgator Staff Writer U F President Robert 0. Marston suggested Fuesday that (IF parking problems, a sore point among the faculty. might be eliminated somewhat by closing off the inner campus to automobile traffic. Marston said turning UIF into a "walking campus' 'las OflC alternative that should by studied by the University Senate Parking and Transportation Committee,., MARSTON'S COMMENTS came at an executive staff meeting and were in response to a resolution passed by the University Senate last week which asked tbr a revision In the on-campus parking policy in order to provide enough parking spaces for faculty. The resolution suggested either taculty parking spaces be reserved at a reasonable cost or parking be eliminated on campus altogether. The second alternative would require parking be made available on the outskirts of campus with no-cost mass transportation provided to the campus. MARSTON SAID THlE suggestion of closing the campus to car' "rnjnds like a good idea to me. although he added the idea needed somc study. Marston said the amount of daytime traffic "wasn'i worth the danger" to student pedestrians w alking to class He added the traffic situation w as so tangled thai "it is quicker to v alk from here (Tigert Hall) to the U Wayne Reitz) Union than it is to drive i the day." WILLIAM ELMORE, vice president for administrative affairs, said the parking problem could be solved by constructing a "parking garage in a convenient place." "Le's look at the possibilities and see ,.hat ,.e can do," Marsion said. Marston said the only unacceptable report submitted by the traffic committee ,&otld be one that said it would not be possible to do anything. MARSTON SAID ANY changes in the campus traffic policy should be made by this June, when construction is scheduled to begin on renovations of Rolls Hall and the University Auditorium. He said the additional traffic and construction equipment was going to cause major problems anyway and it would be the best time to make auty far-reaching changes. CAMPtS mnAFFC phto john moitn parking problems result No sources ol funding to, any of the proposals was suggested by Marston. who explained the changes were still in the "thinking stage." rhe transportation committee is scheduled to meet next Monday. Faculty must report consultation pay by May By STUARTEMMRICH AlIUator Staff Writ. UP taculty members who received compensation for outside consulting work are required by state law to file financial disclosure statements by May 15. The law, which mainly covens public officials and candidates for public office, also requires state employes who, "in addition to their regular duties, accept compensation for consultations with other state agencies or with other government or private entities"'to file the annual reports. THE FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE law, passed by the state legislature in 1974. requires public officials to file yearly reports stating their sources of income, stock ownership and other business activities. Particularly effected by the consultation clause are members of the Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences IFAS) faculty who often do consult ing work around the state. Also covered by the law is UF President Robert 0. Marston, who, like other state university presidents, has to file his financial statenments. THE FACULTY MEMBERS have to file the forms, but do not have to list the sources where the outside fees came froni Unless the amount was 20 per cent of their gross income. Marston criticized the requirements for faculty members to file the forms as "meddling in the internal affairs" of the tic u t y. Marston said he would support a possible amendment to the law which would specify the formis only have to be filed if the consultation fees made up tO per cent of the person's income. lIE SAID IT "did not make sense" for.a person to have to tile the forms for only receiving "$50 for expenses." The law also came under criticism from UF Graduate School Dean H arry Sisler, who said it would add to the "sense of frustration' felt by the faculty against the state government. "The morale of the faculty is lower than I have ever seen it before, and this (being told they might have to file the financial disclosure forms) is not going to help any," Sisler said. Marston said a memo would be sent to all the UF vice presidents. making them aware of the law and the upcoming deadline so they can inform their faculty. rUC Student Council Proudly Presents Paul Gaston Professor of History University of Virginia Author of the new south creed A Study in Southern Mythmaking speaking on Selmo 0ysor, later The Failure of the Rights Movement Thursday April 3 8 PM McCarty Auditorium Spnsoved by ;C Student Councill as port of the Southern ColloquIum beceptlon Open to Everyone 9:30 pm Lounge 122 .JWRU L. A I Comfort and style together in these exquisitely made sandals from Natural Comfort. Their soft suede innersoles are stuffed full of foam rubber. Your feet may notbe'abl'to*stad"the'omfort Open Daily iO-B Sat 10-6 1029 W. Univ. Ave 

PAGE 4

N9s & Th* Ind.ndat RM.d MIssg.r. W.4n.diey. A4d1 t 19 Gathering 75 put off indefinitely r7n Stu den t vs. L it tle fo r c ity pos ition By DOUG HATCH and TERN SALT Algantor Staff Writ.,. A USF student has announced he will oppose Gainesville City Commissioner Joe Little in the bid for seat one. Five candidates are seeking the seat two post which is being vacated by Mayor-Commnissioner Neil Butler. THE UF STUDENT, Wayne Harley. 4AS. a 27-year-old psychology mawor, is running on the Libertarian ticket. The candidates seeking Butler's seat include Elizabeth Winne. Gaimesville attorney, UF electrician James Hyland, .md Jamnes Shelton. a sales manager for Eastern airlines. Ilhi other candidates are former Mayor-Cornmnissioner F' .(Ted) Williams and Gainesville landscaper Al Muzzell HARLEY SAID, "Each year the city commission race attracts a bunch of candidates with grandiose plans fir your lie and mine. None of theni ever runs for the purpose of leaving u', alone And that's the main thing I ask from the city government." Winne. a six-year resident of Gainesville, said she is mniking her first bid tor an elective office in order to provide a "new lace" on the commnisslon. "I am running for the city commission because I feel that each of us has an obligation to do what he or she can do to insure the best community possible," the UE law school graduate and instructor said. Winne. of the husband-and-wife law firm Winnie and Winnie. said she was running because she felt other professional politicans might be running again for the same post' they have held HYLAND, a three-year employe of UF and a former manager of the Palm Lanes Bowling Alley. said he was running for the commission to provide a better balance on the commission. Hyland said he is concerned over a "definite trend towards socialist government." with the government interfering with the private lives of citizens through rules and regulations in providing its services. A case in point. Hyland said. is the garbage regulations '.hich not only require cans to be taken to the curb without paying more, but also state what times they may be taken to the curb. SHELTON. A Michigan native tho was raised in Miami. satd he is concerned with the current economic state of the city and with providing jobs for unemployed city residents, particularly young people. To do this, Shelton said he supports such fpams -s expending the recreation areas now owned by the city to provide employment in conatniction and lot' young people in counseling and supervising. "I have seen people in my life ho have to steal food so that they can eat." Shelton said. "The answer for these people and others is nstmorc police bwt obs to gsthwnuuployedY' SHELTON SAID HE is currently studying the proposed Local Government Study Coamisujog's analysis of unifying Gainsdille and Aladhus County gonnriments. Winnie said she fiver, unifying the gonruments even though it would mean she 'muid lose har job under sudh S government. which would call for the establishment .1 a county-wide council taher than a city mas. Opposing consoldsjion. Haley said. "laically di I. bust an attempt So expend the power otgovernmen, by expanding the tax base. It offers the people o(Gaineille a canro: lower earns. The people in the rest of the county will have to pay or that canro." Mushel and little have both said they favor the proposed un~ficati plan. Lov ureJCINING FaICES pha by -Ic "'m" ..ary umrMichael Oliver come to Comil's old Camil (from page one) allowed by police tonse Camil. Camil's room in the hospital is under constant guard by representatives of the Alachua County Adult Detention Center. Over described Cmii as "in pain, in bad shape." He said heoud the wound in Camir back and an incision in his He said CamUl was too weak to talk muhttht Camilug. said he was shot in the back. taCml WINESUE TO the aftermath of the shooting Mona also said the wound appeared to be under the left shoudeyr blade. ldr Th,. hosa Tuesday kept a tight watch on Camils rot and inforntatlon about his condition. He was not alloe t speak to Mrends or receive calls. Oliver was allowed to see Camil because he was acting as a agent ot' Camit's attorney Larry Turne. Timner and Olive said. OLIVER SAID HE f1k. into Gainesville Monday night when he was informed abcus the shooting by David Harrs. former husband of folkulnger loan Baca and a niutual friend of Camil and Oliver. He said Harri was Informed by Stan Michelson. who, with Cami,. was a defendant in thu 1973 Gainesville Eight con'piracy trial. All eight defrndaah wure acqutsd of charges thnt they attempted to vicleutly dinrpe the .Republican national comntonon Miami Beach. TRE3 SAID HE, Oihvj *nd other friends of Camil wce euiinas to form a supportt roup" to help gather factS ahoa the shlating and to auhit Cami. Turserwas par of a similarly hermed group -the defense temduring the Gainesyg Eight a!.t He also has defended gsni in te pest. -n chat! of posseug,,g marnsuana, delbverIng, pomauuing ad delivering hal ucinnwi, and a kidnaping charge. Tamnil 'as acquitted of all charuw. Time said he would r-aesn C11i In this drug case and any counter-sut chat alMs horn It. B, jOHN SHERBERT Aligator StilT Writer G;aihering '5. a proposed camp-In for college sttident, hj her indef'i elh postponed, Lc' Cv (OUflI AUy I ua her Beauchamip said Friday. b 'he problem ior promoter'. Beauchamp said, man be nmeetmiw state Iaw. requirements bor campground lcvel)P nment He said promoters must comply with not on" ILca County ,on'ng requirements, but also regulations of itate agencies. "I DON'T KNOW whether they (the promoters) w.ere awareof all these things '.len they began." Beauchamp said. "or hether the knowledge of these various regulations catte to them, and they decided then that maybe it was too big a 1ob for them to put together this soon.' The camp-in '.as intended to last veer-round on a ,0. acre tract on the Levy County Gulf Coast. said Al Klopf of Grimm and Klopf Inc., camp-in promoters. Grimm and Kloptf are leaseholders on the land. K lopf' had said people could camp for a day, week or month. A year's pass for camp-in activities would cost S52. including tax. PROMOTIONAL material distributed by Premru Productions of Tampa said the camp-in was to include such recreational activities as miniature golf courses, scuba diving, a submarine tide and more-. claim which Atty. Gen. Robert Shevin said was "false and misleading." Promotional material on Gathering '75 which camne to the attention of the Levy County Commission prompted conmissionens to investigate promotional claims. Glenn Premnru of Premru Productions distributed the brochijres which claimed that up t-b a half million persons 'ould be in the camp during the summer months. Shevin issued a "cease and desist" order against Prnmru Productions March 5 for false and misleading advertising on Gathering DAVE GRIMM. Kiopf'" partner. said Prcnmru is not Qittced wi h Gathering 75. Grimm said Premru hd 'iitrilmuicd ,matcrial hillimw the gathering a' a rock concert t ,romoLtt .' miiei Premrti had hoped to make Grimml, and Klopt sere given until March 25 to file detailed plans on the proposed campground development w'ith the [.esy County Commission. hut failed to do so. 'We had anticipated bringinga'iaction if they didn't fite.' Bcauchamp said. "8ut noi te're trying to evaluate w&hat they have told us GATHERING '75 promoters told the commissIon March 2t> it was unlikely the gathering "ould be held in the county this sumnmer. Beauchamnp said. rhe promoters claimed it 'as unnecessary to provide detailed .nformatiofl previously requested by commissioners sfnce the camp-in sas indefinitely postponed. Beauchamp said "I chink 'at iould consider it at least a breach of faith. il not a violation of the county zoning ordinances. for them (the promoters) to do any additional promotional workon the gather img in L.evy County until they do tile this in. formation.' Beauchamnp said. IF PROMOTERS PLAN further activities in Levy County. the commission will be notified. Beauchatmp said. He added there may be court action if this information is not filed and 'aork is continued. Beauchamp said the promoter s resolution stated the earliest possible opening of Gathering '75 may be "July '75 and-or about the Easter period of '76." 'This has been the problem that we've had with them all the time; they've never been definite about anything." Beauchamp said. "ach phone call or written material we receive from them contains something different from what it was before," he said. 

PAGE 5

COMING SOON 00K TALENT SHOW Ot:S P.M. FRI-APRIL 11th AT THERAT F EA T UING COMEDY-SKITSSINGING-ANYTHING PR IZES AWAR DED weR l'oeTon UR BENTI CALL JOE -376-7018. RICK -378-822!, RICK -373-6824 UT TOU FeMUUIfl,1 Ucg CS DOSS T 13 B13E ~2. .4 -J SAMSON RECRUITERS THE HUB TODAY "He/p yourself by helping otherss' HAIN 'OR COUPLSa GROWS. INOIVIQOUAL s.n,.o .r are ei I.,fre,ndw. bor ih all thai "tileaed by owr *qoganmmng and puaue4 by 'Atne ohu.an of .ur .* ndri~ni f'' M THU RSDAY NITE, APR IL 3 7:30 p.m. at Picedilly Apt. Clubhouse 2220 S.W. 34th Struet 1CR GROWTH 8 p.m. F Apmnl 11 You don' lntroduci Call 3 far detail EXPEL. STARTS rkday Evening t have to attend Dry Lecture to 4231/378-4531 S. Are YOU ready for the jail-break? UWING METHOCO, QAMEU, EXPERIMENTI, AND LAUGHTER TO FMEE CUR MINDCE FRm TfE ROWT tIME EMO1'1NAL BEAVIOR PATTERN5 THAT UIEP IA CON TINUALLY CAIONT IP iN OUR MELODRAMAlt ON SE LECT GROUP OF CARB ES MUST CLEAR OUR STOCKROOM FOR NEW ~ST -' '-K t 4 I -, / At '1 / V.h/I t~A~ I. The GalnwsIlle Mail ,1 / Yr B, TOM VEENSTRA Alligator Staff Write YOUNG DEMOCRATS: Congressman Don House on 24K SW I th St. ast test of te Young Democrat. All those interested are invited to attend. For more information call 373-2271. COLLEGE Republicans 347 i the i. REPUBLICANS. U F will meet tonight at 8 Wayne Reift Union. College in~ room Honor Court Ascate Justice pstions wil lake place today and Thursday from 3:30 p.m. to 9 pm. at the i. Wayne Reitz Union in rooms 355. 356 and 357. For more in. tbrmation call SG at 392-1665 EDUCATIONs Students for Quality Education will meet tonight at 7 in room 349 Union. For further information call 392-7002 or 313-55%6. "COME TOGETHER," A special show featuring entertainer Gambit Rogers will be ont fannel 5 (WUFT) tonight at II and FICTION. The Science Fiction Society will meet tonight at 7:30 in room I5OC in thle Union. For further information call 377-8738. CUTBACKSt Students Against Cutbacks (SAC) invites those interested in university stemm cutbacks to meet Thursday at 7 p. in room 118 Reitz Union. For mnert in.formation contact Sandra Sampson at 373.gsq&, UC STUDENT COUNCIL. will meet Thursday at 4:15 pm. in the Union. Those interested may call Neal Marks at 373-9575. BLOOD TYPING. Free blood typing by the Civitan Regional Blood Center will be at the walkway between the UF libraries Thursday from 9 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. For more inIformation call Christopher Fey at 377.6906. STUDENT SUPPER: for SI donation tonight at 6 p.m. at the University United Methodist Church. 1320 W. University Ave. For further information, call 372-8183. COftBATU.: The UF Simulated Combat Club will meet today at 7 p.m. room 347 of the Union. Those interested may call 3783434 PUSSA, The Public Relations Student Society of America will have it's first miecting of the quartet to plan activites on Thursday at 7:30 p m in room 32t of the stadium information call Gary Bilner at Ec~ For more 377-889. CIRCLE K: meets Thursday at 6 p.m. room 5C in the Union. Those interested can call PASSOVER: Yiskor Service will be at 9:30 am. Thursday at the Hile Foundation. 16 formation. CUONG NEU KARATE. Classes will meet every Tuesday and Thursday from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. For more infonnation call 3921971 or 372-3154. more information call 377-8530 or 377-8008. DANCING: The UF Dance Company will hold its spring quarter auditions tonight 6:30 to 8:30 in the Women's Gym. For 'more tnlormation call 392-0594. BABYSITTERS: babysitters. Those at 392-1665. SG is interested looking can, contact for SG Sh evin to s peak at H ilton tonight FPa. Atty. Gen,. Robert Shevin. a supporter of the Equal Rights Amendment (ERA), is scheduled to speak to local legislation and members of the community tonight at 7:30 p.m. at the Gainesville Hilton. A reception has been planned. including a skit by members of the League of Women Voters. Sheyin is expected to answer questions after the program. The Gainesville Organization far the Equal Rights Amendment (GO-ERA) is cosponsoring Shevin's appearance with the Business and Professional Women s Organization. Regent delay action on Mars ton's letter Board of Regents Chairman Marshall Criser announced Tuesday the Board of Regents will take no action at its April 7 meeting of Florida State University'5 President Stanley Marshall's offer to resign. Criser said Marshall's letter will be referred to a regents committee which will thai make a recommendation to the re.ets. This is the normal procedure, according to Criser. -'C' N ~2~ 0~ .~o" o'4~ $~or(~0 -VC' 4 ~'1 44, I. 't. it. Ind.p.nd.n* florid. MIIg.*w. W.dn.d.y. April 2, i~75 P.g. 5 WHAT'S HAPPENING 

PAGE 6

Pn.& lb. ine~dne NMd. AIli.,, Wed.y. Apdl 2. 195s Two SG par ties name five add itiona By DEBBIE ERICKSON Alligawr Staff Writer I he Action party and Florida Students Party announced their candidates for Honor Court Chancellor and I ralfi Court Chief lustice I uesdav Action party cant1idates are Caleb Grimes. trca'urer. Byron Petersen, Honor Coont chancellor, mnd Sue Connelly. traffic coont Ihict lustiee THE FLORIDA STUDENTS PARTY Ljndidate for Honor Court Chancellor is Ben Avre',. their candidate for traffc Court Chtef Justice is Boh Iindiren Petersen, 2LW. seed .n Chiet Defense Counsel during the winter uuarler cheating investigation and is a member of the Honor Court Bar Association Ayres, I LW, has served on the Attorney General Stall of the Honor Court as assistant candidates treasurer and as secretary of the Bodrd ofl College Councils. INDGREN, 30A, has served as a member of the University Parkingand Transportation Committee for ('0 years and is currently the Honor Court Deputy Chief Justice Connelly. 31M, has served as a member of the Umvwersity Parking and Transportation Committee and a' a member ot the Student Appeals Court tbr traffic violations. Grimes, 4AS, has served as Student Senate president Pro-Tern and as chairperson of the Senate Rules and Calendar Committee. Action party also announced they will be holding slating interviews for Student Senate and Honor Court Associate Justice positions. Forty senate seats and IS associate justice positions are open. Interviews wtil be held in axoms 355-357 in the J Wayne Reit, Union on Wednesday and Thursday from 3 30 to 9 p.m. Bargaining talks continue B, KAREN MEYER AD igat.Stall Writ.r The question of just who collective bargaining will represent continues as the subject of the Public Employc Relations Commission (PERC) rides into its third week of hearings in Tallahassee. The Board of Regents is expected to wind up its presentation of evidence on why department chairpersons should not be ineluded in the bargaining process today,. accordingg to Dr. Bob Fisher. chainnan of the American Association of University Professors (A AUP-Fla.) MEANWHILE, THE UFchapterofAAUP has been circulating a petition among present .ind former U!' chairpersons supporting their inclusion in collective bargaining The petition now has about 40 signatures .tth three copies still in circulation. according to Ron Carpenter. AAUP-Fla. vice-chairman. Carpenter anticipated there would be 60-70 signatiirts on the petition when AAUP-fla. opens its case in Tallahassee this week. IN A jANUARY Ietter, the Bloard of Regents staff designated department chairpersons as "managerial employes," who by accepting their positions "have relinquished the right actively to assist union organizing activities." Roth the United Faculty of Florid. (UFF) and AAUP-Fla. have taken issue with that concept of department chairpersons. UPFF also supports the inclusion of graduate assistants as employes eligible for bargaining representation. A AUP-Fla. has not included graduate assistants in their proposed bargaining unit. The outcome of the PERC hearings will determine whether all faculty and professional staff will be included in the units and how many bargaining units there will be. 0a o LEWIS .fhyC~iM11YCLASS RINGS DIAOS WATCH AEWAJRS 200W UnIv.CSitYAvf 372 06 Rushees W ed.FOOSbaOIITOUrey 7:30.-9 Thr -Casn 0Pa'rty Fri. -Open House 80 05:30 -9 Dinne Se.dat53 2012 W. University Ave.11 programs in SAMSON .something for everyone out how you can help yourself by helping others. Volunteer Recruitment & Orientation Tuesday April 8 7:30 p.m. Reitz Union Auditorium 2 nSoor Call us anytime at 392-1608 -----------------------------------. .t..------------------p 

PAGE 7

Th. Ind.p.nd.nt Pt.d& A w.&wsdy. 4.41 t 508. P.,.? NON CREDIT B COURSES .4 dr fns ,l. e St PM. R"n 011w w .1 Vom Gum eads is ssdetma. At M.a Orhek s .FrIedan udp aadafinwee.'tpan bs4a.isvn~sbe W 14PSTchs na i Oa& r, REBTZUNIGN4 APR WEIONtOO LUNCHEON SPECIAL SO5UP ANDIAD BAR $1.50 Homemade Soup Make YourOwn Freh, Grnan Salad Choice of Oresinpi Condlmonhs Fresh Sliced Bread Served Monday trough Fdday S11:30 tn.t 1:30 p.m. Ths Apei3-.6:3t9:U M.Aatse. Arl455SU11:00: 2nd FPew Audindrunu' St5 .istmr., all uw.S,o.ndl.nw~ltial-c-.In Ro3U fiom 9:0. 4:00p.m. MoMch SI tw.igA April lI. SSUdenlb, faculty and SWe memb. and *hMr pcu.s wIll Nov. Ipflodityfordenoc n.omenmtfste, Moyhth a vogh Apr11 4 OnIy Sn.e thsim. weIl rginrae b. aoe bso*.r perinn. DN. to price and *wglebo., dlf$.otIals i t will b. necesfcry lhbs .och pmrson corn. to vogle'e with capwlpct. Id.MtIaon. EbvoIlm.fl for IndIvIdugJ 'ha.s is timitod and, 5h,5cmr, cin a *i~cq -IIVbt P -'"ma o --'-'-r Becase 'eglaerotlon f.r all vvrdShop. and lea. I. lImIted, -e miet conuldev yes; dackle., to invcII final by 4:00 p. tie wcalng day procoding ibhIr ka cheduled ties. Afund, will *"''b."""'.'n"'r ti's. "'"tu''""q Tes April S7My 29 7 Nt pm INSfiUCcn ~ Thus AprIl 74 May29 INEm UCD 1 5D0 4iddl'. Wtd. Aped IeSay 29 'N.~u INS"UUIU aIdneSwna 5g00 Ijdnl. s p.a~en .cn. $1$SI Sluen ,,a -g~a s Ogw. n han. Apr .ay 2' $10g 00p SItOCNMnShjdi'IS AMn April 1 May 26 INSflUC 0 Sia00oStuden MartApnil I'Moy 29 tonM oy1|~i 110l0 Suts ,~ O9., Stud" -tm~siIMg SI. t nSt.w SiteN.n.nW. than Ape ',flta .1.) )M 7 wri.n.~ M-S. Mia0NestudosSttUIb'Stud."b Tae Aedl ISMCy 2' 'NS-uCn S$dOC Student SIUNen-Itud.', 7 *929p.m we-mC-N MichOela si taedn.a 00 s-0Uea pautdn. ASI. nys JatUnotsairt am is aB Wed April *$iav S 7 592 p. sI#a Student SI SW en Student l-esa.e I 59 tpe maCnos SI' Sd,.Si I-. 91deS $ SO !ewudwes -iCUC S 7MoA.tar21 WaASItMyf -Pc*1utoi bmlynSIg I. M.4". SdosWeau stmoed~na -Wed ApithI4M.,a .JOO*uc~n 5105-. 515005mdns wM -RM (cemIseIUeny2? I Stfpa -.e -s.n.a .1. ites Cam Statld Sa Stan. ********* *** ***** ****** NEW STUDENTSI * Do you know that : the Relt z Union has the* -:following services:* : cest RE yertr A e oF Etpwies FR EE Notary Public service * Access tooa calculator I A check -cashing service *AND LOTS MORE! ** ** ** ** ** ** ** *** ** ** * S eWAMMGAltO tMIUM $10C S0td"nl $20 No Sud.,' INSmIJC 1 Men A~ilI4Mov IISONgn-SjdnW vocal --,,,M,, l*Olsw.ntm 1)"N. i bjf VOcAl twa eApil 7-Miy 2' noitu~n 1).0 00 Stden TGN I, A.pr~liSMoe 27 INS1CtW 5*6005kM.,', ThuitApril 17-May I$ s Z en.m pe.vttems nk.* tettemn wit, oleolic hevarogo. will -e Ioqujld to *eow --,osay -Ces 'C"-. --. ass Calm ai SANI Wed AnI 16Jn.4 2400pn. I---UC7 Iu .-e mo Idan 2 7Moe p IMa -4$ dIl+Mey S 7 *9 2 p U INS lt CO -e May 13Jn 7n, 2p U Thor. Ail 7m. 72Mp'.s -muttApd .June I Nt lp $2.0 Ne Swdea -mu-5 7 l '0pm INSIPUC lE L'nde brny 12400 aNs Sls.nh Ma .1 IMo~ M SSsmn~ 7-a-*uNnsMsc~ct Man. Nay 24.,.2 7nsa. -nflyc ,e,,-e,.,d a-m waeS t.assyI~w P.S **s~ Wed ApE Wan.4 7 Sd J-.,. --.,." A * ** 

PAGE 8

pr'a. .ind.9.,d0 odS. Mug.W.a.d.y .41 t 1975 EDITORIAL L Take the rap Just who is Rep. Hanvey W. Matthews anyway. and why is he doing this? We asked ourselves this question last May when, in the middle of the 1974 Florida legislative session, the Republican from Orlando endorsed an amendment that struck us as a little unusual. Matthews proposed to prevent the Board of Regents from establishing new tuition schedules without the specific approval of the state legislature. The plan seemed a bit strange, and at any rate unnecessary, since we had always believed the legislature always had the final power to set tuition schedules. A subsequent check with Hendrix Chandler. corporate secretary for the regents did little to solve the mystery. Chandler sloughed off the inquiries, saying the move appeared to show an 'abundance of caution," on the part of the legislature. Then, almost as an afterthought. Chandler had allowed the regents to authorize a fee schedule witout legislative approval. It seems the year before the House and Senate had a disagreement over the regents' reconrmendations, and as a result the schedules were not approved. But Chandler added. 'we didn't even raise the fees then, they stayed the same." It didn't seem like such a big deal then, but it became very important in the last days of the session when the new tuition bill, recommended by the regents, began to look like it wouldn't be approved. When that bill finally did die on calendar, word came from the Senate Education Committee that the new tuition plan would go into effect anyway. due to a previous decision by a Leon County Circuit Court. lhat's all history now, but we paid a little more attention this year when Rep. Sidney Martin (DGainesville) pre-fIled a bill with similar intent. Unfortunately Martin's bill is a classic case of too little, too late, through no fault of hit own. The problem is that his plan, even if it passed, won't take effect until July 1, and by then the tuition hike will have already been adopted. The point is this. In a year when Gov. Askew and practically everyone in the legislature is loudly assuring Floridians that they intend to hold down taxes, a board of appointees responsible to no one but the governor is preparing to levy against students what Rep. Bill Andrews (D-Gainesville) calls a "special tax". Even Martin holds little hope that the bill can be amended to take tifect immcdlately upon passage, so the only possible way;g tuition hike cap be headed off now is for the legislature to vote it down. Indications are the legislature will probably approve the hike if it comes before then, but at least then we'll know who voted for the higher fees. The situation now is ideal for the legislature. It allows them to approve a tuition hike by simply doing nothing. Then, if evpr called to account for the r~aise. they can turn their palms and say. "well, I didn't vote for it." We urge our local legislative delegation. Sens. Robert Saunders (D-Gainesville) and Kenneth MacKay (D-Ocala) and Reps. Martin anSI Andrews to insure that the proposal does indeed come before their respective houses for a vote. At least then, pass or fail, we'll know who to pin it on. Congress shall make no law. "Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, unless such freedoms should interfere wfth various fashionable and noble projects." 'That's not the way the Ftrst Amendment looks on paper. It is however, the way it is interpreted today. News ot' the First Amendment front has ranged from mediocre to bad in recent ,.eeks. HERE ARE A few items Rhode Islan has bludoed hec broadcasting industry int yet another folly. Sen. Pastore (among others) has long been of the opinion that freedom of the press does not apply fully to television He has an impressive line of legal precedents on his side. On the AT AYRTSen. Pastore perceives his mission on earth to be the protection of children from violence on TV His latest blitherings on the subject have scared the network nmogus into a 'children's hour between 800o and 9:00 each As if TV weren't bland enough already! Next season we can look forward to one hour of Mary Poppins every night. Thank you. Sen. Pastore. There are some onimous rumblings cominu from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). They have discovered, to their sorrow. that some people have not yet quit smoking deijite the commission's mightiest efforts. THE FVC thinks it knows why. It is because the cigarette ads show 'young, attractive, active and healthy people" in "delightful outdoor settings" It doesn't take much Imagination to foresee an FTC directive of a few ywan hence. Newspapers will be forbidden to run smoking ads unles, they show "old, ugly, bedridden and sick people" in "rundown indoor settings." The recent Supreme Court decision on the printing of The Independent Florida Alligator til -~fw. C. oy shipp Lyndo Homfr Lyn Soahe the names of rape victims has been hailed in some circles as a victory for the pinss. A closer loot should dispel that idea. THE OPINION of the court simply stated that in this narrowly-defined situation, First Amendment rights outiweigh the right to privacy. This approach could lead tust r, easily to restrictions of the press. The whole idea of balancing freedom of the press against other rights ignores the plain words of'the First Amendment BRIAN DONERLY A~ th lateNMr. Justice' Blc wa fnd o fr bsayn: Cngrec" Worse yet, the most prominmene opponents of this-decision. primarily feminists, wanted eveti tighter restrictions on the press. Even such a nortially sensible person as Janis Mara found this decision to be reason enough to kick around a defenseless inflated dunimy. An even more recent Supreme Court decision on plays look a similar approach. All that this did, in the words of Mr Justice Douglas' dissent, was to place "a frw procedural band-aids" between the playwright and the bluenoses. ONE OF THE MOST DISTURBING things about the whole situation is the prominent vouition of liberals in tis erosion of First Amendment rights. Sen. Pastore. two of the Suprenmc Court's three remainlag libutils, and various frmmnists have all shown up on the wrong side. Conservatives have historically lacked enthusiasm for the First Amendment. If libcrahs aren't defending it, who is? Naturally. Justice Douglas I. ecnfled from the criticism of liberals. His separate opinions In the two cases mentioned above Were ringing endonaeuets of Firnt Amendment freedoms, as usual. William 0. Douglas'last maimr goal i Wrbby to live long enough that his successor Is appointed by samsone othef than Jerry Ford. l can only wih hbm luck. Go CwnonM. Mmdi Kaldn. ***ws'h bn.u Mns g adv~esn aen Meqh M eunsqAdn M"an q. ~.na J.dy Cull. -Mwtine ba. 0. gbe Sb MS nw -ans Adnn"n," a -A # m' 267 

PAGE 9

Flag football not for powder puffs lb --e. -a~ -qd --., ---S~y --'tIW~ EDITOR: Anyone who holds the notion that girls are lust sweet. innocent little things ah{ sever show their real feelings has ohviSlV never attended a flag-football game hExuse m~whilC I readiest my sling.) As the *ond quarter ends, so does Ind1ependent and sorority football. Perhaps sii ye never experienced this phenomenon, so I1 starl with the basics. THlE OFFENSE is the side with the ball, nda typical huddle may sound like this., "Alright girls, bait's the play.""hrow it to me, I was open all the wayP" "Hey, did you see that hitch in blue tick me?" "I swear if I get hit one more time I'm leaving. I came out here bor exercise, not a denmolitton derby'"Not ine. flat mother comes near me and I'll knock her teeth in!" Quiet, quiet down' fberyone go out four steps and turn around -on two. On two, or maybe one or three, the ball is hiked. It can go one of two places -to the quarterback or to the jolly gmen riant who's standing behind her! Anyway. hold it, my neck brace is slipping. When the passer finally has the ball, she'll kwok for her receivers and there they'll be. Right? Wrong. THE GIRL on the far left has run forty yards like a bat out of hell, and she's still gimg with never a backward glance. Over on the far rit,. the secondary receiver takes two steps and cuts to her left in an attempt to allude her dctender w.hio ha stpto brass knuckles us uon her Meanwhile, the quarterback is scrambling fOr heritfe wbilecrigotth te em the referees, and her coach' h te e She finally spots an open girl and throws the ball At this point we will discuss the defense and Its two main objectives -search and destroy! WHEN A DEFENSIVE PLAYER sees the pass comime she has several options. Her first instmnct is to trip and lump on the opposition. However, she may first try and intercept the ball and then trip and pump on the offensive player. lI, heavens forbid, it's a completed pass, the defender will subtly let the passreceiver know she's been naughtly by pulling her hair, clawing her arms, and elbowing her in the hack. Auainse all odds, an offensive player may slip by for a score, proving that some girls are really very good players. A touchdown makes everything worthwhile, and a11 the girls limp over to congratulate each and compare new injuries. TEAM SPIRIT and competitiveness determine the winner of each game, but there's always that one girl who protests to the bitter end, asking in desperation fbr the referee to call a foul. How selfish. Can't she see that the ref is only one card away from gin? Wendy J0Lester m mzWHtA VO SMt EDITOR: The untimey, tragic. violent,. assassination of President John F. Kennedy on November 22nd. 1%63, after only 1, 0 days of an unfinished presidency, left the American public In a state of shock, overcome 'ith grief and despair, and eventually with the realization that many oftheir expectations had been unfulfilled,. When, in his inaugural address. Kennedy said. "Ask not what your country can do (or you, ask what wou can do for your country," Americans were confident they had elected a brilliant, dynamic, young leader who would achieve unprecedented deeds of greatnes, and solve all of society's major problems. They were inspired by his prophecy of the "New Frontier.' which gave them false impression that individuals would receive an opportunity to serve and sacrifice for their country in the pursuit of a perfect society. JOHN KENNEDY EHPIWYED a method of politics that misled the people to believe that he. as President. and they, as dedicated followers. could transcend the limits of the political process. The magnificence of his rhetoric and forceful style were largely responsible for the unrest and disillusionment displayed during the late 1%60's. Among the first to express a reeling of disconteftt and lack of' identity with the administration were the young and the black. While campaigning, Kennedy spoke of executing civil rights ptogramis that would hasten desegregation of schools and public housing. Yet after he was elected, his policy on the civil rights issue became moderate. Martin Luther Kin2, as spokesman of the black population, voiced their feeling of injury and discontent with the administration s lack of committmest to their cause and stated that they retused to accept tokenism. Blacks then moved from limited to aggressive actions and militancy became the growing mood. This led to sit-ins, freedom rides, and massive. violent pitedt marches. Even the very young experienced the effects or the Kennedy policies. I can till vividly recall my elementary school days. when, during the period of the Cuba i1.l crisis. we participated in frigtening air-raid drills and were taught to kneel under our desks. hands clasped tightly behind our heads in order to steady ourselves against possible nuclear blast. This sane generation of youth was soon to become the disendhantmnent, WITH THE KNOWLEDGE of the escalation of American involvement in the immoral Vietnam war, students felt alienated from, and hostile toward, the administration. This was the beginning of a wide-spread Pt89t mnovemneit. Young Americans turned to "street politics' In order to express their objection to the president's war policy. Campus unrest led to chaotic and destructive actions. There were dramatic, silent, candle-lit marches and 'peace" marches that became explosive confrontations John F. Kennedy's regime thrived on an atmosphere of constant challenges and crisis. The politics that he practiced, and his exaggerated promises, had a strong impact on the imagination of the Anierican public. For a timt. they believed their exalted leader could accomplish the impossible. Their expectations, however, were beyond the realm of realization and the national climate of frustration that developed was inevitable. Barn Olnian Earl Butz draws criticism from farmers WASHING'TON -The most unpopular man in the Ford Administration. judging frun our mail is Secretary of Agricultur Earl Butt We received angry levers from all over the country letters blaming Butt for the farm squeeze. He encouraged lrmers to plant big cjopg pecking that increased demand '.ould keep prices hi. But the combination of the recession and the heavy harvests have sent farm income plummeting. It dropped an incredible IS billion in 1974. A MONTANA CATLAN told us that he had to sell his calves for 25 cents a pound; It cost him 41I cuffs a pound to raise them. Cotton. wheat. coal, potatoes and onions have all dropped dramatically in price. The farmers. In desperation, ars turning to the government icr help. Bait Earl lutz Is largely ignoring them. He clings to the belief that th fre markt should set the price. fiat's a fine thiury. But there is evidence that the fre market i Oat of whack. While farm prices have gone down. for example. supetmartet prices have remained stable. In The Inde pendent Florida Alligator Shwb eg.,see Ebnrnnn Sinr ory s.$.n,.M Asowed o Erc btlrn WI. 519cr 0.eg I-e To.m Slhroder Ael. Newy.te S J other words, the middleman is simply increasing his profits. THE FARM STATE SENATORS, meanwhile, .rc furious with President Ford. They feel that Ford and Vice President Nelson Rockefeller used dirty tactics in an attempt to scuttle emergency legislation that increase farm subsidies. The President's Wrie and Price Stability Council held a press conference recently and charged that the farm bill would cost consumers a whopping IS million. Under questioning from reporters, however, the council refused to reveal how it arrived at the controversial figure. A few days later, the Chase Manhattan Bank leased a study which also claimed the nfarm lesislatloc would cost consumers IS million. Vice President Rockefeller's brother runs the bank, and the farm bill's backers think that's more than a mere coincidence. THEY ThaNK the bank did the study, then leaked it to the Wage and Price Council at the Vice President'. request. The bank, incidentally, withdrew its report a few days after it iwas released. The figures, said the bankers, were inaccuHOUSE OF WARUJOES. Iii recent years. the Pentagon has plunged headlong into the recreation business. The brass. hats have built camps and complexes in the United Mtates' Canada and Europe. A fe" seeks ago. for example. we reported that the Strategic Air Command tas spending thousands of dollars a veer to maintain rustic fishing lodges in the Canadian backgoods. The Air Force recently announced it would turn the lodges over to the Canadian government. However, there are other fishing camps in Alaska and recreational complexes in Europe. The biggest military recreation center of all is now under construction in Hawaii. It is a S2m-million hotel, which is being erected on the shores of Waikiki. The cost will be hearged to the Pentagon's "nonappropliated hands" budget. which comas fine such things as PR saees. Some congressmen, hewnve, feel this Is little more the. a means of evading legislatIve oversltt. WUE4 COMLETED, the IS-story building will atcosniodate over MC0 customers at a time. At their disposal, besides the natural wonders of Waikiki, will be.a beadhside snack bar. coffee shop, fennel dining .win. lounges. banquet rooms, convantiwi rooms, a PX and other specialty shops. The guest list, of course, will be limited to active and Mired military personnel. They will be waited on by military merama and dciimin military esnployes. The sounds will be patrolled Eve more ostentatious than the hotel complex is its name. It will be called 'Hale Koa." In the Hawaiian tongue, that means "House of Warrior." HENDERS OF THE HOUWE POST OFFICE CONITE! will vulture to France to "study" post offices. The House Baftkhg Committee. meanwIl, will journey to Manila for an Asian Development Bank conference. In fairness, we should add that sonic congressmen hate refined free trips. Rep. Ton, Downey. D.-N.Y. the wonest member of the House. has turned down four junks thne January and will spend the Enter holidays with his Long Island constituents. WI K enn edy promis es fell s hor t V 

PAGE 10

PM.e It 1%. hbdap.edwsul N.d M11g9.o. W.&.Sq.r Ap.112, 1975 376-4446 ai nd-n--t --U Ha 1. wnm a a m n FOR SALE 165beutiuk .r; o.r:s S pr Dflby cotnttse deck $?39, FM u.s.c fo casse,.e .kews.1e,, 189 pius brand new nonia bmrnd romponen,. at big discourts e gurnte P78-192 John o34 5)O2t) mnaitdU w-new cms I dyn old mnt corndition -e.Mct nlonalaan action Iow.d 5475 firm coil ide).4 clio @ulld *5)2 IS0 guild ISO caon 5375 (A--SI03-P) W 14CB0 5)00 mies OI(01shock., packog rack, aS'h be., 3974 model Wall mainlalne$ $950 3fl.W73o Sbr5 tA-SI-I-.PI FOR SALE Kerronty Send bonk check ar money or.r o C.il.g. Col.loo, P 6a 367. Amrheui. Man,. 0102 Add $2 for postoge-honding full pric. list Allow 14 doys,for dilvery Coll 4)3.549 1316 *veflig$ Iar lynN.r info SAWE THIS AOII (A.4T-IW.P) colurnbwa Smp.drnen'.bike. excellent condition, must sell. 55 roll 372-7956 IA-31-1 W-P) rflwlcie, SWSSW Sactlque sliec Ct $30 metol tannh. 'ocqtues $20 coa.e golt I nas bo coier SW eowery ooh ond mor. 378-4925 (A-STIO4P) FOR SALE dr e ':o u c nta I 2e "rt n, o '.osed S or,. tract 472-3396 after iuK antie w*e*fk i As 4-tC4P FOR SALE 1972 honda ci.M Imi good condition $295 con be sn ot 4346 N W I 3* it Lot 17 (A-2?-104-9) 36' Mobil. 4o,. m N.e county Ai, cond saed, owe. $F20er mo f 4*51051 (A-3T 1O4-P) woerbed Frame, lin. ard -a 530 good bh a' $35 roll W7-4962oftr4 pm 20 gl Iang ank. asking top, pujmp, dynall. soband liMers he ,f. n gal Honk dirn mogner ouked. fill., plus mland *wrovelfob bhcall r7-msat ar Ap4 32 Franch Quails. (A-51-l0d.P) GtDEN 1Th4EA PUPPY AKC.'A c.rlifi.d Champon hlril i *re call 37-45 doM (A3t-04P) weding ban, S Engogemeo, Rings 7,ratal -r Conlnmpcrny design. of your choice landaode ho. individuals who wm. N tht be Oignai work by Seu*,'m Leading A4titt Most., Old Smith and Lopidisi Unconditianal Guwcpn.s OZZIE %y apoinumn4 nly 373.3N94 (.St-W.) meot ioaw band sw w.p ad m.a round asking fer $5W0 l0 or to.' 'cdl 392-fl12 iron 8 pm to 4pm 0.045-1512 ali.r 6pm ondoask for dove to-10a-l05co. .s.l .hhy ~snI inc pC'Ss unday only Ivn-Apm go w. on newb.r"y rd pas .-75 to nw 91st so bw.yl ,0 ,,.d va inc oy. ;i'h'.eot g t.lcand' te m7.a0 io m$ (a-1-l0.-p) tot.o inmpocenhs ar ,bql turnable 'eaio 40 wreceIve, Nam. p.odae heodM r.ees and fisher SpS5 speaket --a shape vic m a-8 (a-5S-fl-p) 35mm Caniere, Alma. brand new; yaM.ic Th Eleako-X. vita Aale'alc Ita0' onic S14flW coil dler 6:li. W7-0S04 (o.3.)04) fltE 6SorMobilebrme 92 C2 AtR Central 1*00, shag 21*d. 52gm. 3111$SWk,16Si ltqd 32-lS Suibe4r geed tap. 5'W ceuMo Sal, nly $ CMI Muse 0073-Wer 'a31 Ke. vi4. (e.*-.-) VAODAU -rtE ~ -uple juw ewewyne d isv e wed + Si. ineaid. 1.4-1S.) FOE RENT .man A; Iral fea,l ft.ik cwipus; ho pfls; non-emae; inasel asLaiy; 37n-nd tber -ey do. to nap.,. as cetlc mouse 9o Fre nd raiS ekce lion. -s.e Ow hii-ce in 3-iey lam---s. oll uiilteepsd. Sb$5bilefwncmpus. 3 Reonmn. needed Vi rewlfl 14bleak .-copu 14 utlle plus 869-4t4i Celo.,mo Mono .~s n v W4UOGI-N ew ISO, S. (841FP) -~a -wl rmne.-. needed. 14 urlm. lG Frund Quante A#i WSMZ4 IS-2Z-1044) FOR RENT or, around (leor just of conmpu WE CAN HELP YOO $INO A HOME GO APARYWN io.4 k'*g., Ace Cd SW 4Ih av.u. 37747'OO ( 51.104 ROOM IN CN1hY HOME SnwI.wt of Mbh on a'ch. $43 -e month dapou"t uglis ovolibl. irnrndiog.Iy call 312-2746 SB-5T-I0d-P) fEn. ,nmmi wanted fIra. 2b Ta dkshwo.'r, *mlts grod ar .*udiou. undaigrod 5W+ UN1 P76-1295 (5-37l0d-P) tObsal female roemqa. ned~d 2 hr trailr in Arch., Rd Vailg. $M 4 utihges Coil Mnde at 376MM$ (5.2?. ALL NEW THE FOUR MUSKETEERS -t "0 PASSISON 0hSCOUNT ICKES *iJe .,.ttena I I w mn.**72 "YES STING" SEE IT FOR ONiLY $ei ls aW ass a 'as MMOE mai'U a 'a L -mm fl.MS Detective L t. Brannlgan Is In London God Save the n' JOHN WAYNE Is BRANNIGAN HF *kW.7 *.a I 7:15 9:10 flU --V FOOD Vilage Square 2409 SW l3th Sth 377-5151 e. 'a|' ''a 

PAGE 11

SSIFIE FOR RENT FODRDENT ruI. dd, jnIrn qundrop+, r SI UFity 37A 494( a, 377 63 Geotgwa Scogi. Hall Arn 'ndsonnn oflconpua mers <o op vo d coard for 'ms thon $95 rno '&r UViveri~ty Ave 376 9 i 1 04p P 2 leol roomloem n.ded eo h lo w 'eonm n 4 bedroom inwnhno. r el gapI. ?5 .,es 7 2(fi fw**hnt Own voor 1512 2rdae a' lo rnrrpu, by blr ame. B ins., 'sudans roomrs class rflpuI r 15 962$ XI ho S 0m rnedio,. O(CI'pong 'B ST 104 I, Ill p r Sutiet orge on, bedroom, apo,~, I Fuenishsd, nash. de v arpep'nng .Ir.' Jwriw, then op~on ao IeSV' $1 I 0 morhr 372-636 ot 373 375 851:0dm, --..in.* r ef nhed Ib' houso oc poni 1,--105pp rI. o,l.,~.edbr ~nbedroo~ I'll '3% 31 t05 pV j t ''tl *Ah 378 1 b 'c.b'e l ded OS2 p: a ,, )Wr~ diom rb~'t n ir y0 p6 e ot **)on~~s '? nt ,, 3' I 1,2 STUDENT ONORA NEAR CAMPUS Have The Miami Herald Delivered To Your Door Seven Days A Week ONLY $j3.75 Complete the coupons below jrnd mAil itwith youl check We'll start deiiverv right away I s idvory 1f S.l Usal H1rud it lhe spcl student rfte fer tie Spdbg Ginrtv. Hire's .v check for $13.75 fwr delivery @967y ESMerg threqgh June 13, 1975 Edt: Th. M~Ia Ilrwld, P.O. Box 14412, Uivwrsity SttIo, G~.an, N.m. 3m6 C 4a s Mdess-iAp4/Roan' -._ ct-_HOME IMPROVEMENT pM*fMorsiforC aProfessional emote 12 Street Hour, U:OO@.*. 2:20p.m. Menduy ebmegh Uddey CL 

PAGE 12

ThuB V O T V Chenneli, cherwi, UPIi Nuw Slack Exchange, 2 P IV Chennets, end 9 stations orn nfe FM IUI vN ICNC -mgNim -Wh E', MWE ye FM cetlent en PM ecteAM MICCENC. ad ST. FORl RENT need rm 3 6-' country village apis d-w,. c-c, checop'niltles, own room SM9 mc n~ce ploce toll W73-fl36 onysime (b-5*Memcl. roonmmot. wanied tot .ptng qulner villag. park apis $32,25 + '4 utaleiae great roontno'.s 4 pool call 37T-.589 <b-3,i06-p) Rloom,,oe needed to share spociou. 3 becoon ap 3 blocks from campus P,.f. erboul Student Jim W7-'909 bOwn UR in Townhouse Sublease to begin in mnd-P'orored renc far Apul-*,ru mid Jun. PrIv en Ir $10.m. All thl peed Neat campus W'tZ7 (b-St 15WANTED Female rfommo,. wcnd-Ap, )s9' Apr rent free-Goiorwood A44.pool, OhI-COnd. 3f7-7914 (C-57-I0,P') Female Qoomat. Needed Ow., roost, in cute 3 bedroom duplex V.ry Cl. .o campus SS.,W + 1-3 utilhty Cull 376"939 ( -'tl0-P .'-t.l 1 432 W-UNIV. AVE i .I ii'?-.BACK TO SCHOOL1 I. SPECIAL 2 pIeces S KrvstaI chicken Hot Roll Cole Slow OAWE101MB EmDAY AFIM 4 1975 Sc Di, cac *15fl 12th Street 378-9050 Any and Everything ~ for sports Cars * Triumph Jensen Heck CatIUfl 24-20.260Z Mon.-Fri. 9AM-.PM EVA LUATION NEED SD STUENTSUT The course and Teacher Evoluction needs your help to collect course information, which will be published in the Spring Course and Tecchwr Evaluation. professors in your deportment and eom money at th sme tim. Our meeting ibis wnek Is I., Em 1US I.' ahe Uuhen .9 7:3., lhuru. Asdl 3. Hlem.e conse by or leeve e ms.g in ahe 005 Mdil Sex. WALKI Sta"S1 Jo LAST DAI FR EEI Table Service I NG T ALL WANTED 00l 0$.as Eq op. 56 25 pe month 4 ijtihities now *hru jNfl "B.7279 Ic 190 .) Sor 2 roomMotes needed now at landmark No 49 cOmn, by aflir 4C pe' 0r ccli office ft. info awn crn. 90W,. there for 47 m (c-5.t1d,.sponseble lumch.,roonma.e own pm in homier, $?0-mon + mtil 797 iw richer rd lot2Ol2coll ionic. a' 3fl-1092 or 372-2)95 (c-St. OS-p) GO t SILVER Top price. paid fat clbs. ngs, old lowelry. etc confmdeagial. Coall OZZIE 37l3p04 (c-St-IO5-p) Vernal. 'omole wanted M67 0 A mtilitias Close .comptis 376-0074 (c-39HELP WANTED elmohous School Teacher *Ositlans available Fail 1975 Cong, t'ool Istel 376-1 5CC (E-ST-tO3-P) add cobs. construction, weekend&, musll be aver 17 years of age Sw ach.r rd weeo pon. 372-467' E-5T-)0O-P) AUTOS ,,buckseia e.,l.n., condte. flew ,ifeir, wIth orIginal shap mango' -nnu.)Ior b--t offe. ol 7-77 ofter 7 3QPM (G-t-1-P l9sMC6cyc, good go.mileage, AMMu. 5.11 This W.k, ,972 Vega -., chbock,,4 speed. flew engine, newh radial., king 1'a. bet boy in town,. call Dovn 377999 (g-31-l0S-p) PERSNA L If ue'iSm"'oa H. "Cufl Ploul If udeni Fay inierylewe Moneh 3tin. ,m S MtU (-4AV-P) cookpccks, whil* tlag speed bihing tuit hiking ghana, rugby shirt -All.,. A409k ornd Trail Cnter, 344 West Univertahy Ave, 373-92|3| (J-Pt-lW.C) afwctie lbetal models con make ernta breod in tampa fo. convenic 0d w.l.od of pril .nd stetl to j EW.rA bon 34122) toral gable. fl I 3 cott (2 possibly angera), kitten FUE an -o how-. eed include 37-24 keep iying. (J-ST-)04-P) SCUBA DVNAMCflI.proud a aoune o new mrei,be m,,wvc,0, ~M( F SC$AAM completed the Instructor training Course in Jacksonvhell unde. Ihe 5onmcton of ~POFESSIONAL ASSOCOATO4 of DIMNG lN4ttVCTOSS Mirk will be assuming ik. position of ea Interudo, In cge of .11 ba.ic cboes Mark is a -enr t U of F mjouing In cltnmisiy (J-4T-104-P) we nled tickets to. John Denver concert -p a call 3fl.N32 of. Spe, -s for opril 4, "gWo' poniy ,ilung anseviews surn. wed. thurm .5 -m union (@1cm 10 pm 376-19W') ( J-3T-104-PI GCT TOGEHE with your fri.n4 and learn gufte'-'." you .ach afford al.5o Nr ft. lessons Free, a vernitll* minructer? Fer imformaoion, call Kien; 377.96)2 (i-3a b05-p) Weddingi olns from SI' C per P6995) (i-t-l-c your felow-men -h.ai Wvrfmg. ly nailplane thissaturday frenew e-penc.e wisih you'll 1*0mw* forever Ftp schedollog, Coil 3'S-UN9 ofe, 4pm Th,. Fl,id. e sain, As'eciflo" ('i-li--a I fdl'e ".stedfrcn.etri i of July to. $)1R If mnseicted pleee cell earn htrave.new class tinting tue fpl .mol, euma. mecrn. en semdeqs ri. wed n-ght.en '.A.LL~~n.IG-~.,.~.AOR CLASSIFIEDS SERVICES eo"' ko'ale ,n.w cia. .10*mng iC Opri A m,,le' enioi. for mror* into and pin'. coll hen. 3W8tqO "ni ) ClssIe HOME HUNIUS .eco help you "d ho",, flpr'rtfnt moe, home rooim,,t* the easy way1 OUR FEE IS REFUNOABIF 44W41e Op"70v.li0 LOST& FOUND % ad yellow gold UF closs rmg of 64 blue stone Coil 373 76)7 to edentily. -J T 0 N) t. aloti Doclo' niok. haus, col. ipemolezng en vegetable gorden., omnamensols house plane, 376-Sl92 (M51-1I3.P) 'Will TVPE ALL YOUR REPORTS, MAN4CklP15, TI*SiS. DiSSERTATOS Call ow' office 377-2235 or Sand' 378S54'er Desi.377-7SW*" M.ST-l0IP) Scubo clonses saIning april Q9i, -nil equipmienl provided soles, sarvece, frip., rentalso temon Alien (ca-hoti Weld Kmngdom on IV) Allen. Aquatic Trail Center, 3448 West University Ave "Y'tNOlS HELfl flOPLU ATtAIN GOAS$ BY AIO*NG ANY P$4YSICAt AND MENTAL ABII TY -StUDY OG-MEVCY-AU4IEtCS Learn self-hypn'osis $733W9 Ocold G ID PHC!m passpols resume., and npplcicani nouo syl puots 37-O7P7 cmr5.0 work studio 1219W Uney Aye (n,-ZQEurope lsroel AFrica Asia troeel d,.cons ye, ,oajd student air toe' GRE PhEPARATION COURSE near U F 18 Score Im byte seconIyc our moey back Coil (fl) 854-7464 lJ-8tLSA? P*EPA*AtCON COURSE near UP 20 hours. $70 Hcli ow ,tudt ed *,,rvemnent by th. econd,,,y o,,yoe, money bock Attend Firstcdees free, nO obligation Call (0) 854-7464. (JM NTEFnECil~M 5ThRAIW4 Dr Thono, Go~da.sce.,ve wil egin new Looking for a fur SAFE way to learn ICUbO? 5$500hr dioe. included spring 2oceandivsaauu. Ap .7pn Wetwoed Middle School (r--WI-a HCASE$ SOARCED little 9rolrie Ronch me from 11F oil families, los of ri&.ng room, Stoll, 575. Pastre $25 376-0719 -. (m-I*102-p) SCUBA CLA$S stagns April '7 all eqluip -lni rvded inludng m& fins racrkel, B C, tanks, regulobons, full west T-a-ec& cli 1, -nd Iternational cdificotia wiS, fine open entr C@1I SCUBA DyNAMCS for ful,, nbarinoticn Sf-5'O9 (-t?-104S R-lO SR-li *5795 SR-l1 *87' SR-51 20P FLORIDA BOOKSTORE 1614 We University An. (Amiss Fm, Lkmy Wut) .3 $GP 3 J C Don Baker Y swos, $9.e-. PAATS-3U4W1 at: Fr 1~'I5 1 FRIe APRIL 4 s.oo PM BLACKLASH UN. APRIL 6 3:00 PM MILDEW BROTHERS ROTC DRILL REID 7 DYS A WUCK 344 LW. AaCHU L. S tol1 S-O V. This Is your opportunity to meet 

PAGE 13

I advertising rates l,. Indpefint .Me .M~Ugs ~edy q12 it .1 Summer Three alternative proposals to increase punnflr wrollment at state universities, in -n effcrt to eq"ulz wnrolimens 'daring the finr quarters, will be prestad to the fOR Muiday, but ChaaceIIcr noterd MaCl DII rcmm nd that action be poitpaud util the Council of praidunti can incise the matter furProposal -n would require that "no stadist may eniIH a State university fo w cShe 611m quart en ls tw, summer quarters preceding the -eon fan tar." -rpoa two mgi -eur that any gaudat receivig a dips.e frana tat. mitversity atnd a least -mnner'' -Nare. Proposals Use would require that stat. munirS.te lIbM eareilmna in the fail quarter at tUr fall 374 level mnti the Enrollment enrollment i all Cuhr quarters Ins reade 80 per cent of the fal quate Mautz has recommended delaying acltio because c the prniiutb "willingness to grapple with this dIfficult problem mne more time." He said It may be possible that additional ultsrnativee may develop-. The move to Increase simmerarCmmont was begun In a itS Legislative policy Statanest, mandating equalhza36 Degree Pr Recommended TI'itydz degree programs at the UnIversity Sf Florida will be among the 123 in the university system recmuumded far poamo. If dams programs don amces productIvIty to meet the BOB tiprlate "numb of ejectsa, they will be abject tO tarher review and dlacontlnuance. U? behlwprogranu said to be waderproductlve train July 1, 1I.1 to July 1, 374, Include agruweny, soil adamnc, dairy -ene -olr acenc, burlicdltnr (fruit and vegetatl crope), -antsetcs, b-t'y plant pathology, eatemology and nematology, Insurance, advanced -,o~n agrlal -niern, metallurgical and materials engineering, German, Russian, grams for Prc Increase lion over a ta-year period. Last your the Lqsa lue bega te m taya .1 faut emloment t tmlt Vol mtary ImpleiatiwaUn h logislathe poliy has"bees dlsaoinningand the cmnclnslon mast be reechmd that volmtary m-e. are Indequate to -opl wS the loglilvMe mansh" Macta has told te BOB. Masts said that be has tried to "dissuade"~ the Legislature from it. at UF )bftiVon Latin, Greek and ulatistia. Master's programs said to be underprodactis -r generic -g.ulue -alr edien, -ln pat clogy biochemistry, finance, management, marketing, Ins~ncesagneeingmedianluLatin, eccy.Up mIc therapy, lInguIstIcs, philuephy and anthopology. Doctoral programs Include biochemistry, maclear engineering adorn.e, ?rmdi and tailSt. Chancellor Robert flaus told the nOR that "th review procem has stImulated the unlvfrltiqs In their own reviews of underproductive proprmm to laminate or to consolidate a number of programs through voluntary actlitn" Programs Of Distinction Up For Approval A proposed mas plan fIr programs of distinctIon at each amlvirulty, delayed frun the Mardi meeting, will cnm up for apprm by Uh. BOB Macday. With a program In Wenedicsal atinernga-ed wppowed for Urn U?, mewon. to be canidered In the plan are behavioral nmeseemee-, to begin in 1176; food 1enme and marketing, In 108, and thurmmmuhiar huSmi, In l979. As pnm of SMena they are *lgble fhr qpedal bngg. Dud U' a as, pravIse reeam s-ded by the Comicn ci Predidebt and Aamic VIce Presidets, the -la would be subjsct t aam laew and Swierii. Woul eable to submit substitute 5-Year Appoiments Fa Peides,$ 71ve-gear Imnl a mennt for State Ulnivaity prdot. an te h adulug. Under th m rum lbs -ri. dets as njjd u'ould be iisum t k mShet Inner Iafa ute w n a wud rf mis Budge ft "It ii very misleading to Imply that with Whe proposed (governor's) budget we would be binded almost as well WentWh teeoptn weds, '--nnwin sA E.T. York Jr., In a recent Leglalailve Report, daldn Ssic b,.as~ ., IMs es-iUi -"a. will eaa~S ,.gra. Sued .St.-" York said USa r-eadis in Slte ut"i cuSS-a dcIJ" pnrful~hneu~lemst in the mlt Universy9tmhavetitaled1J. prc in ae as year' and tt acapan ci the govunuers k5 Uhs would ba a Iurther rdeUi of 1i. per eSd lamoe Cing the fact tat a recastinaue S C WIGE Magnie lite no toprankdag pro e-sl w'eram I. lb Sg, prcgreSsve and rlatunly aliea -Foria asM a pririt t hpovlaglb.qi liy -er prm. ObvIOU*l, this will -eur m ayar seay, ot Lump Sumig Qi what he termed a more inagbg nets, Yrk notd that ms*Nbes of the .bcnm. an tba-am 13.6% Apprqdram cie thae rieIaW and~an enab. "mpma to favor rwue U a me -a appriatlrnbe made to lb 3 hr.e Edesal ad umual twa,, a wa.s -the us. a --sha--lz--lti.nth. nc q.w.p.,rIated. Yorkaloaeld absisuu u fur CaneargBawls myyo aw reded bStfer was "aMmtdiaSn eadaraed" a MIl by amas Gae prwalig hengavity pay bocres. based -a--teahg ur. eard' pp flit S ine nusSB thtvaadd -n Baed eEaud ciaubad -ne UhS say would a in rad usam imeaed -.-iu bmpS." The Uwiveuity of Florida is an Eqal Empoyen Opm nk/A~msd Ano mpl This page paid for at usual Freshman Enrollment Squeeze Is Opposed A proposal to reduce the number of ftrt-lm-In-college taits who may be admttd to fiv stt -ilvrsit--will oneagain can bdn TBoar .f Rogenti at It. Monday meeting, but with a recnmewialiwain im inelor Msutz that It not be approved. 1, proposal would lower the fre.shman quota at the University Sf Florida fran S2,9K0 to 2,488. LInered limits would also b. imposed at F81U, 087, rTU and FAIEU. The proposal was -n the Board's Mardh agenda, but withdrawn an motirn by Regent Marsiull Harris "untilthe Legislature acts meu the fee increase proposal, and that In the event the fee Increase -a disapproved, It might beenmacma-ry to limit freshman enrollment." 

PAGE 14

UF hosts state tennis tourney By Alligator Sernecas Some of the nation's finest amateur tennis players will be In Gainesville thks week as UF hosts the Women's State T cnn's Collegiate Tournament Wednesday through Saturday. ITn singles, heading the list of top amateurs from II schools is number one seed RaynmeFox of RollinsCollege. FOX IS the number one collegiate player in the Florida Seniot College Division, a former member of the USLTA Junior Wightmari Cup Team and was a U.S. representative in the Junior Open Forest Chamn Hills. pionsh The ips at Rollins This week is University of Florida Women Athletes Achievement Week as proclaimed by Mayer-Commissioner Neil Butler at Monday night's City Commission meeting. The mayor read a two-page proclamation honoring the women athletes and their coaches, noting that the Lady Gatorn have not experienced a losing season in any of the eight Intercollegiate sports. ALL OF THE WOMEN coaches were at the meeting and each was recowized by the commission members. Dr. Ruth Alexander, sophomore also won the I8S and under singles title in Philadelphia this summer. The University of Miami's Sue Epstein is seeded second. with teammate Jodi A pplebaun, third. Rollins' Linda Wert takes the number four spot. LADY GATOR'S number one player, freshman Judy coordinator of women's athletics, thanked the commissioners on behalf of the women coaches. She expressed appreciation for community support, saying that the women athletes deserved great deal of recognition and credit for their continuing effort. "The coach can only coach, It's the woman athlete that must perform. It is through her efforts that the women's program receives recognition and is such a success." Acker. is seeded fifth, with teammate and Florida's number two player.Una Keyes at number six. -Acker. the 1973 National Indoor Doubles Champ. is ranked 14th nationally in the IS and unders. Keyes, a senior, was ranked fourth among Florida Collejiates in I 974. In doubles Acker, paired favorite behind Rollins' Wert and Bev Buckley. THE LADY Gatots placed fourth in the State Championships last year but UP coach Sue Whiddon has higher expectations this year. "If we can come through with a couple of key wins ne have a very good shot at the c ham p io n sh ips'" s a id Whiddon. As examples of "key wins" she cited the AckerApplebaum (Miami) meeting in the quarter finals, and the Acker-Epstein (Miami) in the semi-finals. Also the KeyesWert (Rollins) match in the uarpr.andthe Keyes-Fox THE UF coach explained that this year's championship had a different format. 0sin2 six players in three separate divisions. "This is a much improved tbrmat over years past when play was limited to four team pith'ed as eveyon else" said Whiddon. "It's a much truer evaluation of team stength and depth, and each division is played as if it wtre a separate tournament," added the coach. WRIDDON EXPLAINED that "A Division' included the numbers one and two player from each school, and will be played at Up's varsity and 34th St. courts. "B Division," the number three and four players will be played at the Perry Field Courts, while the number five SUE WHIIDOON ..nds koy wins and six player "C Division" will meet at the Btoward Hall Courts. All singles matches will be played in the morning and doubles at 2 each afternoon. Oaiing ceremonies, which include color guard, the National An them and welcoming resiarks. begin at 8.3O Wednesday morning at the Vanity Courts. St No two Fraternities are alike on this Campus. Fraternities are rushing new people may or may not be what you're looking for .r. Greek life .but you owv it to yourself to find dtiC. UF FRATERNITIES welcome you for Informal rush this week. APRIL 1-TN ROUON APR IL 7 The Independent Florida Alligator N,.e 14 W.&.ed.y, AptIl 2, Ni Women athletes honored byCity Commissioners I p It C 0MC'L I. I All U of F S 

PAGE 15

a The Ind.p.od.* N.M.dd MtIgnwo, wetu,.Sde. SAt .1978.eg N 9 Grapp ers knocked out of NCAA's By CHRIS GARITY Spuat Write. "He had a good shot at .inm It all," said UP 'testier Jeff Davis. who a il be the Gators assistan, coach next season Davis was talking about teammate Tim Granowitz and the 142 pounder's chances for winning the national title t wo 'ecks ago in Princeton, N.J BUT GRANOWIT didn't UF shortstop Holt leads conference in runs scored Tipe sat Southasen Co.ference (SEC basecail statics show UF shortstop Roger Holt the leading eva wcort in the SEC with 24. Gator second baseman John Cortese hit sth'l in 14 straight mamas before his streak was snapped last week against Auburn. TENNESSOE'S EC Honeycuft leads the conference in batting ameas with a whoppifig .543. Te veatle southpaw has 19 hits in 33 at-bats and has scared seven runs besides knocking In I more. Following Honeycutt are third baseman Steve H4111 of Mississippi St. at .40. Mark Saber of Georgia at .373, and LSU's Waily NMcMakin at .363. LSU's Steve Frank and Vandy's Rick Duncan lead the league with 32 hits each while Frank is tops in RBt's with 27. DUNCAN ALSO hit his 37th career double last week to break the league record of 36 set by Tennessee's Bobby Tucker. Auburn's Steve Re. has cracked fve homers to lead the conference and LSU's Larry Wright leads the base stealers with 13. LSU swept two doubleheaders frown Ole Miss last week to take a commanding 4-4 lead in the Western, Division. Powerful Vanderbilt has.a half a gare lead in the East with a 2-I slate. 'nmlthe title. He re-niured his knee the week of the tournainent and could barely walk when the tourney bean. Granowitz lost his first match in the tourney 6-4 and round. The 142 pounder, along with teammate Henry Jackson qulfidfor the natinal when they won SEC titles. guiding UF to its first SEC team championship. JACKSON, A 190 pounder won his first match. but lost his second. The Miami senior still had a chance in the consolation round but sustained a neck injury in his second match, and didn't weigh in the second day of competition. All the qualifiers fared poorly in the meet as only one wrestler pinced. Kentucky's Joe Can, 167, took a third. In reflecting back on the NCAA'sGranowitz seed. "Mv conditioning just wasn't right." It takes whole vest to get ready for thi, tournaweit. and I just couldn't with the lnjuty." muscle pull was later diagnosed as torn cartilage. which will require surgery. "Te-su expced-t be done I. the next few weeks." said Granowit:. Granowltz. however. wouldn't blame his performatice on his injury. "I DON'T know why, but I gost want prepared for the tournamait like I should have been." said the two-. time SEC dhanip. "I keep asking myself why everyone else Was ready and we weren't." referring to himself and Jackson. "We Welt rea1y aiming for the SEC.s this year, and I think we readied our peak then." UMA GONMTZ 'The naticeal. were realy an anti-cilmax ciwrthe SEC's when they shoUldn't have been." 

PAGE 16

Fog. 4. 1%. h&.Mpn .1&ildd AMIa.r WednnSdy. %nhI 2, 1 975 Netters for 17th By KEITH CANNON At.'"aa Spnrt Wrler Thene was no April-fooling around for the UF men's tennis squad Tuesday afternoon. The Caters took five of six singles matches against the Wake Forest Deacons on their way to as 8-i victory., JIM OEBCHEU .No. 1 in double. thetr 12th rip Wake victory straight season. UF's record is I. Wake fell to 1 1-4, loss,. The Gators had thi won before Wake eve, the scoreboard. UP wrapped up the Not. and 6 matches in shot Dave Pressly down. Koury 6-I. 6-2; John Wilowed with a 6 victory over Tapi H and Chap Brown ret, the win column with a decision against Martin. Jim, Qeichert Sumner Chase 6-4. 6 A pair of matches tint. sets. In the No. I UF's Juan Di. broke quick 3-0 lead against Chuck Straley. Stral the fourth gan4 threatened to break serve in game five. Di~ back from love-3D be win with two aces. Straw a deuce game to pull two games at 5-3. Di. a love game and won Men's and women's softball officials are required to one of the two meetings held Wednesday and Thursda p.m. room 220 FHa. Gyiu. ,A miteting of women's dormitory intramural chairs, be held today at 4:30 p.m. Fla. Gym. Little Sister IM chairmen will meet Thursday. Apr 4.30 p.m., 220 Fl,. Gy,. The Badminton Club will start shuttles flying on nesday nights at 7 in Fl. Gym (south end). All it persons are welcome. For further information contac Zarco 392-7228. The Shotokan Karate flub will offer a beginner's cli spring quarter. Classes begin during the first week I iron, 4.5 p.m. at Hume Hall Rec Room. Advanced meet 5-6 p.m. All interested persons axe welcome to these tree classes. Pot further information contact M Barimo 377-8530 or Kent Wang, 377-8908. Thursday is the deadline for signing up for Men' mutory Raquetball. ~ * -a * * 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I 0 000a~1 0 S '-I At of the set 6-3. now 27Stralcy led for most of the with the second set, but Di. came back after falling behind 3.-5. match He allowed Straley two points I Rot Ofl m the next two games and players tied the set 5-5. They split the 2. 3. 4 naxt two games to set up the t order. liebraker. d Chip Diet took a 3-I lead with a Kunnen pair of crisp backhands and *2, 6-4 an overhead to the right .yrinen; service court. Stralcy hit two irned to tough volleys which Dinz 6-4. 6-3 returtied too long to tie the Sammy score. They each took one of iefeated the next two points, and on -2. the deciding ninth point Dinz went to and Straley exchanged match. groundstrokes. Then Diat hit out to a one just wide of the right Wake's sideline to Hive Straley a 7-6 ty won Wil. eand The deciding set wait to Diet's Die. 6-3. as his opponent ax c-mc appeared to lire. Dinz kept htind to Straley moving around with alhy won numerous lobs and long o withIn shots. z seved In the No. 5 match. Jody the first Stang absorbed the Gators' only los, of the day. He fell to Chris Blair In another long three-setter. 3-6, 6-2. 4-6. With the match already attend won. Coach Bill Potter y, 7:30 shuffled his doubles teams. Oescher and Kunnen moved en will up to No. I doubles fret, No. 3 and beat Straley and ii 3, at Hayrinen 4-6, 6-4. 6.2 in a match which featured Wedproficient net play by all four erested players. I Dave In' No. 2 doubles, Brown teamed for the first time with ass this Richard Healy for UP and the M.WF combination was ethectivc. dussts They beat Blair and PIerce 6attaid 1, 7-6. Pressly and Staff lichael completed the doubles sweep by taking the No. 3 match sDotagainst Martin and Koury 64. 6-4. IINIVERtSITY CITY TR4VI.T' AMTRAK -PLANE-SMEP Goanwb, Mt. SIg 377.4220 .a~ICtiJl.I .ma urs a u.ns aem S em' SB m mu m~ GATOR LOAN FUND Presents CAR NIGRAS '75 The Biggest Midway Ever Featuring The George Hanneford Circus TOMORROW NIGHT THEU 4-12 ROTC DRILL FIELD Doily 5 pm Weekends 12 Noon I ------,* -p -p --w -~ -~ WW'WW S ---e.g. -*9'~~fl F H Ii I I I ra 
