
PAGE 1

-~ l2~jS: /1~* 12 serving 10,000 students in university of florida -=. 46th Year Number 24 University of Florida, Gainesville Friday, April 1, 1955 The Alligator Camera BackstageI A LONG TIME under the backstage dressing room lights is spent by Florida layers as they ready the performance of "Fnean's Rainbow." In fthe'candid series by Alligator Photographer Fred Ward, three 4O the chonw ae applying makeup in preparation for the first A STHEFli kL Am S 5MELRNIJt Uek or Detore the certain rises on the Players' "Raribow," the girls are frantieally readying for their stage entrance. The singer in the foreground, made up but without her custome, would later take the part of a Negro pickaninny. THE DUR8ING ROOM activity wag unseen to the audience, but here's what people who saw the muw"lal witnessed: The singer to the left, the same chorus member in the top photograph, is clapping to the whimsical music of the Broadway snes No Secret Sessions Says Board Dr. Reitz McClure A ban on future "closed execu-I U% % lve sessions" was passed by the Board of Control yesterday after a lengthy discussion among members and Dr. J. Wayne Reitz. lo r Gie N d By a 3-2 vote the Board passed a motion to open all future meetAft ings to members of the press n included a stipulation that the Board could go into "off the record" sessions at any time during the meeting. g Meet Yestrday After the Board had adopted its new open door policy, Dr. Reitz By DON BACON hesitated to answer questions pertaining to his accepting the UF Cator Feature Editor presidency position. He said that Ending a 16month search by the while he favored freedom of the Board of Control, Dr. J. Wayne press, there were times when cerReitz officially takes office this tain delicate information would morning as President of the Unicome up that should not be pubversity of Florida. lished because of possible damage At a special meeting of the to the individual or thing under Board of Control held on campus discussion. yesterday, Dr. Reitz said he was discuso, dsuready t begin his new duties at After more discussion flinging any date the Board decided. Memaround Chairman J. Lee Ballard, bers of the Board and Dr. Reitz Robert Gore and Dr. Reitz, the agreed on the April 1 date. Board included the "off the rec'Dr. Allen (Acting President Dr. ord" clause in its new policy. John S. Allen) has done atfine job, Supporting the open session, but I am sure he wants to be reBallard stated that he was firmly lieved as soon as possible," Reitz convinced that the past executive said. sessions had proved ineffective and Dr. Reitz was accepted by the that information of the meeting State Board of Education as the usually leaked out to the pressBoard of Control's nomination for within a few days. He said hethe post at a meeting Tuesday. thought it better for the inormaVote among the Education was 4-1 tion to come directly from the favoring Reitz, with Superintendent Board rather than for the press to of Public Instruction Thomas D. print third or fourth hand reports. Baiey desenting. "I feel that this is a move toBailev said his negative vote was ward restoring confidence of the not aimed at Dr. Reitz, but more people of Florida in the Board, as a protest against the Board cf Ballard said regarding the action Control's method in choosing him. yesterday. After his appointment by the Board of Education, Dr. Reitz isIt was added that should any sued a qualified acceptance statemember of the press refuse to coment saying that he wished to operate with the Board in respectclear up some minor details with ing confidences during the "off the the Board of Control before disrecord" portions of the meeting, cussing his position fully. that the reporter would be asked to At yesterday's meting, Dr. Reitz leave the room. said he appreciated the generous In other action yesterday the and sincere expression of support Board discussed its next meeting of the Board of Control and that scheduled for April 21 on the Florhe was prepared to take over the. Ida State University campus In job of president whenever the Tallahassee. Board said. He added that during Culpepper announced that at that the first few months of his adtime the Board will spend the ministration he wanted to become morning discussing routine adfamiar with the entire University ministrative matters and devote and its operations. the afternoon to continuing the However, he said that he could probe of the controversal Dr. not make additional statements Leathers case. (Continued on Page Two) Bill for Chancellorship Will Goto Legislature The Board of Control yesterday the state; determine what institupassed action "clearifying" their tional facilities are required to prostand on the proposed chancellor vide programs of quality with unsystem for the state and announced necessary of uneconomical duplicasupport of a bill which would pro tion; formulating policies under vide such a system. which the institutions of the sysThe bill, drawn up and endorsed tem shall operate; deter m i n e by the Board will be submitted to whether policies prescribed by the the Board of Education and then Board of Control for the several for introduction in the state legisinstitutions are being followed; and lature. selecting personnel for administraJ. Lee Ballard, chiarman of the tive positions in the system. He Board of Control, said concerning i would perform such other duties the action: "Apparently the pressas the Board may prescribe." interpertation placed upon t h e Hollis Rihehart, Board member Board's discussion of the matter from Miami, said that press rerelating to a chancellor was that ports of the Board's stand taken the Board was opposed to the I at the St. Petersburg meetig, Chancellor system; whereas actuMarch 17. were "somewhat misally the consensus of the Board is leading." Newspaper reports at the that recommendation of the study time that the Board had reversed council is endorsed by the Board, its earlier stand in favor of the but that it is up to the legislature chancellor system and was then to determine when or if the time is! in favor of more four year colright for launching into this proleges.I gram." Rinehart denied that the Board The bill which will be intorduced had endorsed wither proposal but into the legislature calls for the had approved a preliminary report appointment by the Board of Conwhich made these recommendatrol of an executive officer (chantions: "What the board wants now cellorI who shall be delegated exis more executives staff help so ecutive and administrative respon-! that further studies can be made sibilities. on these subjects and we can The plan would further provide make some fina recommendations. for this executive to aid the Board Rinehart added that until these in determining what programs of further studies are made the Board instructions. research and service will not know what its 1955 legisare required to meet the needs or lature recommendations will be. 12 COEDS VIE FOR DERBY IY QUEEN T OMORROW Sororities Begin Competition i Sigma Chi Derby Festivities The University's 12 social sororthrowing contest. dressing race. ities begin competition tonight tor steeple chase, needle in a flayhonors in the seventh annual Sigstack. three legged race, string ma Chi Derby weekend. while field chewing and ball rolling contests. events and presentation of trophies A parade featuring several nunare set for tomorrow. dred decorated cars and a "derby' Trophies are to be awarded to float will precede the field events sororities placing first in the field Scheduled for 1 p.m., the parade Takes Presidency * Today ? W ins in Florida Party Landslide VICTORIOUS FLORIDA PARTY candidate Bob McClure rides a wave of student admirers seconds after voting returns indicated he was the student body choice fgr president. McClure was rushed into Bryan Lounge, the scene of the Florida Alligator Election Party, as final returns were reported from the freshman dormitories. McClure commanded a 200 vote lead in the sophomore class and held it to win the post. (Gator Photo by Fred Ward) Board Asks Help In Peel-Problems; Only 180 Votes Separate Two Top Candidates Ry BF('KY GREER Gator News Editor Bob McClure and the l'lorida Party took an earlv lead and commanded it all the way Tuesday to wake a predominate sweep of 75 campus offices rip to student bodly decision. McClure won over Bill Frye in the closest of all -campus races winning 2.356 to 2.176. Frye carried the freshman class but lost in sophomore voting precincts. Total vote cast in the election was far above estimates. Honor Court voting machine totals listed 4732 ballots cast. Three hundred in this group did not vote for the presidencv. The student body approved a portion of the constitutional amendment taking the election of Orange Peel and Seminole executives out of the student election. But the amendment putting the choice up to an electoral board did not get sufficient votes (See story this page.) In the vice -presidential contest. Bob Davenport (F) won over Earl Poucher 2,483 to 1.900. Eddie Beardsley was the only nonFlorida winner in Big Five races. He beat Ju lian Byrd (F) 2.210 to 1,999. Steve Sessurns (F) was unopposed for Secretary -Treasurer. He received 2,966 votes. Larry Carroll (F), unopposed, received 2,910 votes for Chancellor of te Honor Court. Unaffiliated candidates took ten eb t B I'. Ai s --of the 75 posts, three of these ten had no opposition on the Florida The Board of Student Publicaticket, and a fourth won on a writetions Friday asked the Student in. Government committee on student With only the first of the three No. 2, 1,535 for and 644 against The cold, but sunny weather publications to help with investigaconstitutional amendments taking Amendment No. 3, 1.565 for and didn't seem to chill the spirits ot tion of the Orange Peel situation. 722 against, while having the necany of the candidates who were The action, which does not in the selection of the officers of the essary two -thirds failed because much in evidence around the pollany way relinquish the ruling powOrange Peel and Seminole out &f the required 25 per cent ot the stu. ing places and in the Florida Uner of the elected Board of Student campus elections passing in Tuesdent body did not vote on them. ion Tuesday night where the AlliPublications, was the only ruling da' ,ltnth ttso h gator and WGGG sponsored electo come out of a meeting cut sho-t ays balloting the status of the constitutional amendment in rrn. BGasponedwag two publications became uncermust carry by a two-thirds vote to eun.BynLug a by election of Alligator editors for acked with candidates and otner next year. tan, with at least one-fo'rth of the tac ed persons who cheered The Board will delay action unAn Honor Court interpretation eligible students voting. intereseturns whoncneere til facts are heard further on the will be requested by President Bill The electoral board solution was asnthe r y can and were pligt o th cotroersil 'an-Danel o uncrabletheprolemannounced by Dan Hackel, assist.plight of the controversial "variDanel to unscramble the problem recommended by the special Stuant State Editor of the Gator. ety" magazine. created wnien the election of the dent Government committee chairOther candidates and their vote John Baker, former Aligator ededitor and business manager of maned by John Baker which intotals are as follows: L y c e u n iton;_i-fe-,,4.etitirei~UUCant "' "' .Lnflv"I_'the i d b(1n k W e i esoul arervfowellyce 1was itor-in-chief., heads the student goVie magazine ano yearDOOK were vestiae th Smnoesut ernment board. Others appointed taken out of spring elections but and which has been requested to the committee include: Frank left hanging. consider the Orange Pefl. Logan, Lee Weissenborn, Marvin The second and third amendThe Executive Council pas Ogden. ments, which failed becase less the changes to go on the ballot Reports that Editor Fred Bell than the required number of stuthree separate amendments rat dents voted on them, would have than one upon recommendation "big blast issue" came out during placed the selection of the Semlaw students consulted. ithe BSP meeting, but the board ole and Peel editor, managing The Alligator electoral board continued its check on Orange Peel editor, and business manager tncomposed of the Board of Stud publication der the same electoral board and Publications meeting with the p under the same procedure as in the Ident of the student body and selection of Florida Alligator officchancellor of the Honor Tourt Vermilye Heads Drive ersplications for the positions are Dyckman Vermivle. interim diAmendment No. 1 passed. 1.s25 ceived and the applicants are rector of housing, has been apfor and 624 against. Amendmem terviewed. pointed chairman of the University Division of the 1955 Cancer Crusade. according to Lester N. Mav v uentB c K ogler W i chairman of the Alachua Coun'yB lCancer Crusade. The goal for Gainesvile has been eXt Year; Named n Elect set at 6.000. Al Quentel. Dorn Bacon. and Veterans' Advisor Visits Mary Jo Kogler will head the 195556 Florida Alligator. Veterans at the University who need assistance in obtaining beneQuentel was named editor-in-fits under the GI Bill ma receive chief. Bacon. managig editor, and guidance from Jne A. Crawford, Miss Kogler, business manager ty assistant state service ,fficer, wh') the Alligator electoral board in Will be at the Florida Union (in their annual meeting last Friday. April 12 from 9:30 a.m. to 3:00 The electoral board is composed p.m. of faculty and student members of the Board of StudenPublications and the president of the student body and chancellor of the honor court. AImQuentel. Miami. is currently in Annual managingg editor. Bacon. Jacsonville. is now serving as feature editor. and Miss Kogler. St. PetThis W weekend ersburg, is subscription manager of this year's Gator. morrow night, with an open hou dance immediately following. D Moore's band will entertain. Queen entrants are: Nita Ca lain. Delta Phi Colony; Elizabe Ann Cason, Sigma Kappa; Nan Dennis. Kappa Delta: Margar Hess. Delta Delta Delta: Ja se Quentel. a junior in the college on of arts and sciences, is the tirts non-journalism major to be editorpin-chief in many years. He nas th been managing editor of the Alcy ligator since December. In his ret sixth semester on the Gator, Quenre tel previously served as news edion Council -Herby Powell -(F) wag 1to unopposed for President and received 2,673 votes. Andy McColsed lough (F) 2.737, Kitty Mims (14* t as 2.703, Pinky Leff (F) 2,660, and her Bill Bredenbock (F) 2,203, won over n1 .)oe Lewis. 1,947. Board of Student PublicationsI is John Wyman (F) 2,789, Clarence lent Jones iF) 2,563. and Bob Lynch res'F) 2,367, won over Mary Jo Kogthe ler 1.722. ApAthletic Council --candidates rewere all co-endorsed -President, inBill Adams 2,674: Vice President, (Continued on page EIGHT) Captain Gator oral Board Meet the largest all-american college weekly in the nation VOTERS APPROVE ONE, REJECT TWO Court Decree Needed 0 lqlmlmbr ,' is r7 1 lqm I : 0 

PAGE 2

jers told of his sailing experiences throughout the world-in the AtlanAn unsuppressable love for sailtic, Pacific, Indian and Antartic ing ships led Alan Villiers, foreOceans and on Australian,British, most living writer of sea epics, to Finnish. Portugeuse, Swedish, U.S. the sea at the age of 15, and, as he and Arabian sailing vessels. told his audience here Monday ndAbinsingvse. d d"With all the different languages night, this love has never wavered In over 35 years of sailing. I've had to learn, my accent got A smali but receptive audience heard Villiers' autobiographical lecture "The Seaand Me." in the University Auditorium sponsored lReiti Starts by the University Lecture Series. "Life is &curious business," said Villiers' "but is to a large I extent what we make it ourselves," and in an increasingly mechanized world, sea sailing is to this sailor, A' a symbol of free and individualiatic life. A Born in Melbourne, Australia, Villiers said hIs early ambition was (Continued from Page One) "to become the Aster of a square'concerning any finer aspects of his rigger," and at the age of 15, he intentions at this time. set about to fulfill this ambition Olosing the meeting the Board by oinng the crew of n Austrpassed a resolution commending ian brie, the Rothesay Bay." !Dr. Allen for his efforts during the In a hearty seaman's voice, Vilpast 16 months as acting president. --_ A statement to the press issued by Hoard Secretary Bryant Culpepper reacds: "The Board unaminously passed K resolution commending Dr. John K ogler To DirectS. Allen for his efficient and suc. cessful administration as acting Gator Next Year president during the long search for a president of the university. (Continued from Page One) The resolution is being drawn and 1953. will be spread upon the minutes of Bacon brings here both camthe Board and released in its enpus and professional experience. tirety at an early date." On campus, he is editor-in-chiet Of Another statement prepared by the 1955 F Book, in his fourth the Board said: semester on the Gator, and nas "The policy of the Boar4 of Conworked on the Orange Peel, ortrol will be to support and adminlentation booklet, speaker's bureau, istration in continuing to develop and committee of 67 publicity. excellence of style and the quality Professionally, Bacon has been of instruction, research and extenassociated with the John H. Perry slon work which logicaly fall withchain of Florida newspapers for in the responsibility.of the Univerthree years. He was sports writer sity of Florida. The Board will also 'for the Jacksonville Journal and support the administration in denow as campus correspondent. veloping clear-cut lines of adminLast summer, Bacon was sports istrative responsibility cloaked with editor of the Leesburg Daily Comcommensuftte authority at all levmercial. He has also worked tor els of administration. Within this the Associated Press and United broad statement of policy the Press and is now campus corresBoard is confident that the Univerpondent for the UP. sity will continue the vision and Miss Kogler, a member of pi progressive programs initiated by Mu sorority, is the first woman former administrations." business manager. She was business manager of the Summer Gator in 1954. She now serves as assistant business manager of the Daniel Ex-enator, Seminole. The trio was selected in a 5hour meeting of the electoral boar Honored by Building from nine applicants. Tk.: W .L $12a dayonthI acting ISLAND PARADISE in the Gulf of M*xlio Or contact: Gene Brown, Alligator Bus. Office, Basement, Fla. Union. Ph. 3261, Ext. 6am diauinnly inis ice Charles E. Daniel former U. S. Senator from South Carolina, was initiated Monday into the University chapter of Sigma Lambda Chi, hurilding construction fraternity. Daniel was guest of honor at the initiation banquet held at the Gainesville Golf and Country Club. He was nominated as a life honorary member by students in building construction for his contributions to the industrial development of the south. His company, The Daniel Construction Company, is now completing the final stages of constructionvof a new office building In Jacksonville for the Prudential Insurance Company. L. H. Charles, associate professor of architecture and National President of Sigma Lambda Chi, conducted the ceremonies. $850 DOWN to anyone With no FHA or GI red tape on a brand new 2-BR frame home with screened breezeway, strip oak floors. very large utility room, attached carport. Immediate occ. $55 PER MONTH Lot Total price only $7,250 closing costs less than $30. For this and others University Realty 607 W. University Ave. PHONE 2-4573 CIGARETTES _ODERN SIZE all mixed up," he laughed, explaining his unusual voice quality. "I had no intention of writing," Villiers said, but while working an a newspaper in Australia he sailed on a whaling expedition to the Antartic, and wrote a number of articles and a book, "Whalers of theA Midnight Sea," about this trip. .1 These writings were well receivTHE BEST IN SORORITY BEAUTY as judged by the gals will compete for the Sigma Chi Derby Queen In shenanigans tomorrow % ed, and since, he has written nuafternoon behind Broward Hall. Posing for the Alligator camera are Ann Cason, Sigma Kappa; Margie Wilkinson. Phi Mu: Nita Caplin, merous articles and books, includDelta Phi; Jane Stack, Alpha Omicron Pi; Nancy Dennis, Kappa IQelta; Jeanne Samuel. Alpha Epsilon Phi; Lois Aspinall, Alpha Delta Pi: ing "By Way of Cape Horn,' Margaret Hess, Delta Delta Delta; Jo Ann Housman, Delta Gamma; Janice McGill. Zeta Tau Alpha; and Judy Lockard, Alpha Chi and "The CruiseSchoonerConrad, Omega. Not pictured is Molly Ardrey, Chi Omega. t1e 1las an account of hs experiences on the "Joseph Conrad,'" nis first full-rigger vessel, which he bought In 1934. Throughout his lecture, Villiers expressed his distaste for steam ships. "A sailing ship," he said developed character and spirit, and tests to the utmost those who serve her." Villiers has a large following of amateur sailors and readers in the United States, and has presented lectures throughout the nation. Senior Banquet For Pharmacists Helil Last Week The first annual dinner for tne senior students of the College of Pharmacy was held last week in the Oak Room of the Florida Union. J. L. McDonald, St. Augustine, presided at the dinner. Other repI resentatives of the Association present were the secretary-manager, R. Q. Richards of IFt. Myers; Palmer Pearson, Jr., Lake City; J. Masters, Daytona Beach; Rufus Thomas, NewSmyrnaBeach; Wm. Lockett, Miami; W.M. Gresham, Gainesville; Chas. H. Bradley,,St. Augustine. Members of the State Board included A. Wm. Morrison, Miami, and S. E. Simmons, Starke. Mr. Morrison is also chairman of the Executive Committee. All the visitors were introduced by McDonald with each student introducing himself. The Association's objective and itshistory were presented by P. A. Foote, dean of the College of Pharmacy followed by an informal discussion led by Mr. McDonald. Members of the faculty who are Association members were also present. LEGISLATION GOES TO CONGRESS ROTC Flilght Training 'Usuppressuble Love' for Sailing Shps Led To Sea, Epic Writer Alan Villiers Says in Lecture Series sivo lrid and the helptul ad65TH ANNIVERSARY OF PAN AMER-I CAN WEEK it of Frd an the ptu yaY ale Law er ___________________________________________________ vice offered by the noted physical ,Y al educator in the building of other V s shIcollege and high school buildings and curriculums. lDean Stanley left Gainesville Of Law School The 65th annual observances 0t will be held in Bryan Lounge fom are being taken n Room 107 of the Sunda for New Mexico and rePan American week will be noted 4:30 to 5:30 p.m. Florida Union. no tickets will bet He has previously ser daconAddison Mueller, professor of on the University campus April A military review of Pan Aessld at the doH. as prouehsl vedastcon law at Yale Law School, was on 13-17 with a five-day festival (f icaRn flags from 20 American reThe U t of ld sultant to the physical education campus this week on a "busman's concerts, shows dances and dinpublics will e part of the full still the F'lorida State Agriculture grams at WakTe Forest, Texas holiday" to visit Dean Henry A. ners. dress parade of the milIarY nd College in the 1887 -88 session A & M and Georgia Tech on their Fenn of the Law School. naval units on the drill field at when the first known for-ign stuexpansion programs. Also, under Mueller's casebook on contracts. Wednesday will begin the cam4 p.m. Thursday. The 20 flags wvil dents, two barons. nime to this his leadership, the College of Phys"Contracts In Context," is the text pus festivities with the traditional he unfurled all that day i the campus from Odessa. Russia. The ical Education and Health conductthat Florida students use in their opening of tl% reception for suPlaza of the Americas. That night first Latin American student foled a facilities workshop last sumstudy of contracts here. The students and faculty members which a Latin American twilight conceyj lowed 2 years later, coming from mer which produced for the State dents, unaware of Mueller's comwil he given by :he Universiy Havanna. C'uba. This is of particDepartment of Education an outing, were amazing to see the au ofI Band in the Plaza of the Aneiiular significance because the bill standing facilities bulletin to be thor of their text step into tneir Names Of Dormitory cas at (:45 p.m. Twenty of the for Pan American Day was written used as a guide in gymnasiums classrooms and teach the material trees in the Plaza have been dedin 1889 and it was signed in 1890 and physical education facilities. "Contracts In Context," a reicated to the 20 Latin American when the first Cuban student came Te workshop was co-sponsored cent publication by Dr. Mueller, ViolaorsTo e republics and are marked with to U of F. In the later years by the Deaprtment of Education was greeted by the law field as i .their respective plaques: so the !Cuba was a source of increasingy and included over 50 consultants an interesting and forceful method ,oiied i Buildigs Plaza pays an imiploitant rolt i large enrollment of students oi from throughout the state. The Colof presenting contract material to the Pan American week festivities campus. The school of Inter-Amerleges of Architecture, Agriculture, students in law schools throughThe names of students convicted setting, according to 'Mr. Paine. iran studies was culminated here Engineering and the Division o0 out the country. of misdemeanors in residence halls Entertainment form stud e n t a in 1930, according to Mr. Payne. Plants and Grounds also participatwill be posted in buildings from all over the worii will be one -------------ed in this project. around campus similar to honor of the highlights Friday when the court offenses according to a recent curtam opens on International Two Professors police adopted by the Men's Renight at i,:15 in P. K Yonge Auda ~~sidence Hall Association Court. ioim The MRHA Court, composed of Saturday will ivo-e man\ dOmstudents living in dormitories about petitive events. A bike race, two of Doors Open 12:45 p-n. Two chemistry professors are in campus, has the power to convicttsNOW THRU SATURDAY Cincinnati this week to participate students for misbehaviors and misat the Hub at 1 p.m. of F FRIDAY & SATURDAY demeanors and to sentence them verses Unversity of iami in a F in e 127th nat ical meeting of to anything between probation and soccur game on Fletcher field at action by the Faculty Disciplin2:30 p.m. Trophies wi be awardth Dr. John F. Baxter, professor o Committee ed to the winners. ith Gary Cooper and One of the hig climaxes of the ert Lancaster chemistry, and chairman is theBrLacse committee on Institutes and Con-! All cases heard before the Court we will coni Saturday night Plus Second Feature ferences, Division of Chemical Edare wire -recordedan played hewith the big Pan American Dance lad WAnt ucation. has been presiding at a force the Committee if sucha(tion" at the crownIng of ths queen meeting of the group at Ohio State ocuis. r)a%-e LaVerie is chief prothe Pan American Week The University. He is now in Cincinnati sector of the jurisdictional body ance is being held in the Rowto attend the general sessions. ard Hail recreation roem. featuring with Dennis O'Keefe and Dr. George B. Butler, associate Cesar LaCale and his hand from Ruth Hussy professor of chemistry, is chairSAEs Start Annual Black, Tmpa. with their Latin American man of the Florida Section of the White Weekend Tonight Music. 'It is a fabulous hand and St1DAY & MONDAY American Chemical Society, and eewas a huge sices< when theY i1 will present a research paper entitne SAE s will launch their aek n t layte d here last yai. according led "A Study of the Reaction or nu Black and White Weekend toto .Walter lPane.D i-ng Dwith Humphrey Bogart and TNT with Tetraethylmethylene Dinight with the Black and White reto" of Inter Aniwruan stjl'ld w Van Johnson amine" before the group. Ball at the American Legion Hall. Sunday, the 17th. the week's (s Plus Second Feature _---capades will be concndod with the International supper :n the Florida Union at 5:30 p.m. R-servations ADPI, PiKA Take m 0%800 IN %FEW A program to provide Air Forcestruction will be given by civilian should have a complete report np ROTC cadets with flight training instructors, under contract, and the perils of the hydrogen bomb. while in college has been outlined that the training will enable us to 'and that such a report would not here by John R. Alison, president :get into cockpits many young men compromise with national security. of the Air Force Association, who otherwise might never learn Referring to the recent report Speaking from a prepared text to fly. made public on the dangers inbefore the Billy Mitchell Drill Alison spoke to the famed pre-volved in the radio-active fall-Ourt Team, Alison said, "I am happy cislon drill team at the Thomas of the hydrogen bomb, Alison said. to report to you that the legislaHotel in celebration of the some "This report was almost as opintion to accomplish this program 63 new initiates being accepted ,w o what it did not say as i has gone from the Pentagon to the as members of the team. In his wh itdidnsay.e Congress, and we hope for Its enpreliminary remarks, Alison told sct didunot forxamtleI nwrng actmnent in this session, the group, 'You have something swohueston are sb thse:How ongi The World War II Flying Tiger j special here in the Billy Mitchell would an area be lethally contaminated? How (oUlfit be decontamiAce said the legislation would auDrill Team of the Air Force nated? What wold happen in a thorize approximately 35 hours of ROTC. I've been well briefed on pot likehNeworki heneinlo flying instruction for every quaithis organization. As an alumnus I sion were under water? fled ROTC student, but that the of both the University and the Unit"The public must have Air Force has not had time to ed States Air Force, I'm mighty complete report on the hydrogen work out all the details. roud of our drill team. peril." Alison declard, "and we Alison did say, however, "that Alison said the Air Force Ns believe that this will not comprounder the present plan, flying inassociation believed that the public mise military security.' Seniors Here Are Jobs Peninsula Staff 'inIO. c -h -l-, -^f rnA liO"A VWLUhJ A Th is is the schedule or .recrui,ment interviews by representatives of business and industry on campus today and next week. Today Brookey Air Force Base, Alabama. Bus Ad. Arts and Science, and all other students, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., 210 ForidaL Union. Sign up in the placement office in Bldg. H for individual interview. Monday Remington Rand, Jacksonvile, Bus Ad majors in accounting, marketing or general business. with sales aptitude and personality. IE and EE interested in sales. 9 a.m. to 5 p.m, 214 Matherv Hall. Sign APPOInimenIs maue up in room 211 Matherly Hall. Esther Torres, Miami, has been Tuesday named acting managing editor of Boy Scouts of America, BradenPeninsula magazine by Editor ton, Fla. anyone interested in Dave Berman. No Peninsula BoarI summer work, 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. action has been taken yet on the 210 Florida Union. Sign up in the appointment. placement Office in Bldg H. W~estOtherappointments made recentinghouse Electric Supply Company.hly are Maryann Greene,dassociate Jacksonville, EE, 10 a.m. to 5 editor, and Ann Spaulding, Marp.m. 330 E & I Bldg. Sign up in ain Feit, and Fave Lewitt, memroom 330 of the E & I Bldg. Trubers of the editorial staff. son Steel Division, Rcpublic Steel All copy for the next issue of Corp., Jacksonville, CE. 9 a.m. to Peninsula has been received and 5 p.n. in Room 300 E & I Bldg. is now being edited and prepared Sign up in room 300 E & I Bldg. for press. The tentative publication date for the magazine is April 18. Open Tonite Til 9 rRMD Save 21c a pair 4 Men's 100% Hellanca Nylon Bridge Trophies Alpha Delta Pi sorority and 'V Kappa Alpha friatrity took hormn the trophies from the recent annuial Inter-sororiv anil Tnter-friaternity Bridge ToiunanmenL A play-off was necessary between Alpha Delta Pi andI Kappa Delta, who took second place. In the fraternity divismn, tN wo napters tiedlfor second. Tai Kappa Epsilon arid Pr Lambda Phi. STIUUY AEUCAU will again provide magnificent program of orientation and entertainment for the summer 1955 special student sailings of The Happy Campus Afloat" 1S June 8 -from N.Y. EB July 2 -from Quebe' WS Aug. returning from WB Aug. 29 hannel port THRIFT FARES TO AND FROM EUROPEl For information write INC. 250 West 57th Street, N Y.19,N.Y. xI DAY SUNDAY thru WEDNESDAY 4' *0 .A w. eU PASETemee I TOMORROW tI IL JOHN AGAR-LORI NELSON-JOHN ROMFELD PLUSCARTOON AND SPORT STARTS SUNDAY FOR 2 DAYS I.II I Aiit N MUSKAL-COMEDY FUN! POEL.-MARTIN Page 2-Florida AIligatcFriday, April 4, 1955 Gym Builders At New Meko Seek UV Help Dean Dennis K Stanley of ne College of Physical Education an .Health wIl serve as a consultant to the University of New Mexico in the planning of that University a new $1,650,000 gymnasium. Officials of the western university requested Dean Stanley as a consultant because of the riationaally known prograrn at the iverBy HELEN PUCKETT Gator Staff Writer I "Fallstaff's Fur Coat with Paul Douglas .TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY. "Three Coins in the Fountain Clifton Webb, Jean Peters, Dorothy McGuire Academy Award winner for best song and the best color photography. -ALSO"Three Young Texans Mitzi Gaynor, Jeffrey Hunter In Technicolor THURSDAY & FRIDAY "Dial M for Murder Grace Kelley, Best Actress for 1954 Ray Milland --In Color -"The Bounty Hunter" Randolph Scott In Color ____________________________ ii "T f SATURDAY SUNDAY & MONDAY -APRIL 3 & 4 T-AWEn AL I= TUESDAY & WEDNESDA 'Y -APRIL .1 & L OR I BATODAY & 0 0 1012 1 I Amftwwk I T HITS A NEN HIGH IN 

PAGE 3

Florida Alligator, Friday, April 1, 1955-Page 3 AROUND THE SOCIAL CIRCUIT Derby Big. News in Greek World; Fraternities Settle | Down AfterI -v By MARY ANN BRANSFORD Assistant Society Editor Greek world settles down after, successful Greek Week, the first ever held on our campus. Sororities make plans for the big competition of the annual Sigma Cni Derby. The TEP's invited the Sigma Kappa's over for punch and dancing Tuesday night. TEP's bus, making plans for Frolics show. honors in the novelty division of the PanHellenic Sing Friday. Delta The Phi Delts entertained the is year, copped their first trophy with a rendition of "I Love Little Alpha Chi's Monday night. Thc, rd) Alpha Chi's visited the ATO house: Tuesday night for a ouffet supper. A WIN MUSICAL HONORS New initates of Lamda Chi are Tom Baldauff, John Jacobs. Earl Pettijohn. Bob Jenkens, Dick MkMullen, Hoke Griffin. Don RanEnds Greek W eek som, Maur-ice Not. John Cain Jake Fudfora, Joe Nilles, Alden Chase, Chuck Langbein. and Glen Saturday morning the Greeks Sigma Kappa, and Delta Phi CoWilliamson. Lamda Chi's will hold we.e kept busy with various com-! lonv took the traffic poll for the Founders Day weekend with a banrnirmity projects. All these proPolice Department. quet tonight and the annual Shapets were designed to promote betA formal banquet was held Sat-. harazad Costume Ball tomorrow ter relations between fraternities ;urday night at the Hub. Each tranight. and sororities and the communiternity and sorority sent seven rety. Those participating and their presentative.r Guest speaker was ATO's entertained the AOPi's last projects were: Alpha Tau Omega; Judge Frank F. Meyeis who spoke night with dinner and danumng and Alpha Delta Pi, officiated wiI on "The Constructive Side of Frato the music of Bob Chism s band. the elementary school track and, ternity and Sorority Life". Meyer The Phi Tau's sang at Panhelfield day; Phi Delta Taeta. Sigstressed the need for fraternities enre Sing last Fridav night. The ma Nu, Alpha Gamma Rho. Delta and sororities to return to "kundaChi Os were entertained at the Gamma, and Tri Delt, worked on mentals". house Wednesday night. building and grounds of the AlaNumerous panels conducted by New officers of Beta are E. J hua County Humane Society; the fraternities and sororities on Johnson. president: Bob Keezel. Delta Tau Delta. Delta Chi, Althe topics of administration. s veep: Karl Wicktorm, secretary'; pha Epsilon Pi, and Kappa Delta cial affairs, alumni affairs. scho-. Jim Wade. treasurer: Hugh Mchelped paint the Boy s Clut; larship. pledge training and rushIntyre, social chairman; Sam Sigma Chi and Chi Omega help ing were held during the week. Garrett, pledge master; Dick clear the grounds and wash winThe purpose of these panels was Duckett, house manager; Dave dows at the Boy's Club; Kappa to try to devise better ways of Willing, r u s h chairman; Fred Alpha, Pi Lambda Phi, Tau Kap. running the chapters. .Seilkop, St-at-arms; Ramon Bospa Epsilon, and Alpha Epsilon Sorority and fraternity row dediwell, iFC representative; Jim PatPhi cleared grass at the Sidney cations were held Saturday after-,Iterson. historian; Lawrence StanLanier School; Phi Gamma Delta, noon at 3 p.m. at Panhellenic fill, scholarship chairman; Don Theta Chi, and Alpha Omicron pi Drive. George Baughandeliverel cleared grass at J. .r. Finley the dedication address and formalSchool; ly presented the houses to the tra-' Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Pi Kappa ternity and sorority represent aPhi and Zeta Tau Alpha helped tives. Following the dedication the, In Nautilus paint the interior of the juvenile sororities held open house. court. Pi Kappa Alpha, Sigma Phi -_Ilanne Soon Epsilon, Zeta Beta Tau, and PhiI Mu cleared tMe J. J. Finley play89 on Bus Ad Dean List The next two Club Nautilus da'ground; Eighty-nine students with a B ces are scheduled for April 15 and Kappa Sigma, Tau Epsilon Phi, average or better for first semesMay_ nillfari Bobcf Beta Theta Pi, Lamba Chi Alpha, ter 1954-55 have been named to Phi Sigma Kappa, Chi Phi, Althe deans list for the College of pha Chi Omega, Delta Sigma Phi, Business Administration. Co(e 4 Aokdft 4AowW 44 04 "sr rON changed America's mind about filter cigarettes! w NSTON TASES GOOD! SHOULD! WINSTON brings flavor back to filter smoking! E It didn't take long for word to get around campus' Winston's got rcal flavor -the full, rich, tobacco flavor you want. 44 No wonder so many college men and wmmi n -re gtting t,-)gth-,rnn WEnOtnii fiIve ieleUIU a U sai Mrsv at Rowe, Florida Union socia: dire".or. Both dances will start at 9 p.m. and eni at 12 p.m., hhe said. Admission will be 50 cents per couple In keeping with the name, Nautilus, the club is undergoing redecorations which will give the illusion of an underwater scene, she added. Murals of undersea life are being painted and a fishnet, complete with imitation fish, will be strung across the ceiling. The Club Nautilus. formerly the Club Rendezvous, is located in the basement of the Florida Union. Big Week I Wiggins, intramu-al chairman; Boo Ivey. chaplain. New officerof SPE are Al Hovey. president; Jack Scott. veep; Bill Mangham, historian; Maynard Berggren, secretary. Joe Strazulla. Charlie King, maishalls; Barry Cooper. chaplain and Tom Stone, guard. The SPE outstanding ath. lete trophy was given last week to Tom Stone. New initiatse of Delta Sig ate Jei y Wright, Harvey Simon. Bill Mai tin. Al Easterling. Fred Gueriidt. Ray Counts and Harry Rosenthal. Delta Sig's plan Carnation Ball for the week after Easter. Last week the Kappa Sig's journeved to -Rainbow Ranth at Palakta for their Help Week Project A party and dance at the house is planned for tomorrow night. The Delta Gam's visited the ATO house for dinner last Saturday night. New initiates are Audre Borgenhagen. B a r b a r a Crespo, Nora Flynn, Jo Ann Howsman Shain Olson. Mara.na McMann, Zana Purdy, Mary Ann Kane, D~onria Killrigei, Kiki Gheirkin. Dlonna Lambeit Bev Tuttle. Mw' hv 'Whittingslow, and loan Te-ifo d The DG s entt-itained th" KA's Wednesday night. New officers of Beta are Ed w1Ad iKaplari, H 'v Kaplan. Lois Robin. Marvin Gersing, and Robert Alexander. Annual Easter Egg .Hurnt for the underi-prvileged children to be held this Sunday. The Pi Lam's entertained the Zeta's Tuesday night. The Sigma Kappa's were entertained Thursday night at the Lamda Chi house for dessert and dancing. New initiates of Theta Chi are 3ill Turner, Donald Poindexter, FRATERNITY AND SORORITY memerjoined the annual Greek vel acthiti-% this %eek in furthering the IFC and PanHellenic plans for aiding comnirity projects. Aho'. nbnhr% of Alpha ('1hI Omega and Delta Phi sororities and Beta Theta P fraternity check traffic in downtown Gaine-%wille. (Gator Photo by Fred Ward) Organ, Violin Featured :n Concert Wednesday ('tgan andl violifnuin wl% : featir ed in a Facult vConcert pi'Serited L v the J)ivl-;On Of MIII \\ednesdt;y at 8:15 p.mi. min te Ii'r%ersity Aiidlorium The progi am wi viil lp-n with i'utr Organ Sotiatas )by v tZ; t %%\Iih Claude I u-in te at the r Murpmee wilt be accompanied ti. a string group incluriing Edwai d Preodor, first violin Maion Miley. first violin; Samuel Nachenberg, second violin; Claire Liv,ingston, second violin: Arnold Wirtala, cello; and Marie Henderson, cello. Ourda FaPaul. Mezzosoprano. wil present Citanjah by Carpenter with Cluade Murphiep Pat Sarcone, and Jerry Moore. at the rano. 1 Two Songs For. Conlralto Wite Tomorrow night the group will hold T a party at the house. Viola Ohligato and Pian(. Opus Delta Chi holds annual Whie 91 by Brahnms will be piseented byI I e KCahodrananWit a Wigs -o n-rato : lnor Carnation Ball atsCoralhClub toWil s y pnaIo aI mu' Williams Bailey. piano, and i,-1night. South Sea Island-shipwi-eck ~adPedr party at house tomo Newest "ard Preodor, viola Sarmuel Napatyat hustomoeerow.chenberg. english horn. and Clarle initiate is Tom Henderson. .hipic.(rtn ilte ois"l Murphree. organ. will thcn r et New initiates for Phi Sig Ai-e Ballade for English Horn and Or Jack Cooper, Henry Blyth, and gan by Sowerby Hat-old Cason. Phi Sig's to have The program will hc oni lrudid sock dance tomorrrow night. with Notturne by Lekeu wih Ouida 300 Hear Gator Band In First Plaza Concert Some 300 students heard the Ga-rvanthe," "Cuban Fanta % "T'lhe torConcert Band, under the diretGreat Physician. "American sation of Colonel Harold Bachman. lute" and "Nuitmeggers March present its first Plaza Concert ot Featured insti mental solo i S this semester Wednesday night. was Charles Mizrahi who pla I The numbers on the concert were the trumpet solo in ''Stars in a entirely new to the students and inVelvety Sky.' A truimpet trio c)III eluded such concert pieces as "Euposed of MKzrah. Jamis Enerson -and Charles Woimersley pr sent the ever popular ugI s lo: day'' to the delight of the v:siting fifth and sixth gradlers of the l iiO'. Smith School as weil as student crowd. Rounding out the soloists was Jo Ann Couse who sing 'Tie Lord's Prayer.'' Wonderful things happen when you wear it Guest c.oridtio'tois at tile conitir included Janies Emerson who (con' ducted his own conpositi n who h is dedicated to the Univer-sityami ni and to the Centurv Tower. ('enturv Tower March;' William Stanley who conducted "The Greal m-Physician" and Di. A. A Haiding. director emeritus of the University of Illinois Bands who conducteor the Gator Band in "Nobles of the M\stic Shrine March.'' Featirei were the tenor drummers ,Bob Pheil, Bill Lackey and Dave Jusvna. The band concluded the concert with the traditional University ot Florida songs, the alma mater and the National Anthem. This Sunday the Gator Concert Band will present a short Ilncert in the Howard Junor High Schoil Auditorium in Orlando. Thecon cert will include suc i'onert iees as "Ballet Music from William Tell, '"Warni Vallcv 'hi'oi'ale and AlleluIa ''Trim'a; ,Martii friiniQuo Vads. "Caibeana and "Concerto for Sa:sophote The band will al.o p esent M-. Couse. Emerson. Mizrahi and Stanr lev in solos and conduct' ing pai of the concert. The next Plaza W the Americas concert h tne oanri will be on April 14. Pan-Amercani Day. Sa' i ,;] M :zz -s 'pr no .I li'(l S tolo d t \. tlnmel N i Choir Plans Upstate Road Trip The Unrver sitv Choir, under the direction of Clim Boa.'.ur ht will leave Wednesda'v fora tourof northern and western Florida cit. ifs Stoppi i at Qir n 'lahassee. Citand JaksonlvrlwI the choir' \till pro--nt a 52 ,' ''i' us i progrii ofor the town 0 1tip soon sorin I h-ii l-ea to s oot on the tour wil he Phylis Fle so. rPC J une f,' t-r s no, ,:i %-n Ribh meno -soprant, and larbar a Anri FL iho o: ,prano APO Meets Monday Alpha Phi Omica .;rnnal serfl Atrnl wv NvA cc I n I C fr idy w 1 y hl t' : jay niht at 7 min room '. Florida Contest and the s' ite con'Lie wi l King Ugly (onlest Registration Today Through April 15 t lgiitil Apriling though Anrll 5 Thle ', ~s opt-n ilalt i tt r1Iti' sOw(it es. campss organmzaoid. i5 ari I t ieigoups Entti-ants i Ist have a sponsoring group. and tirn in Si with an ent ryblank to the APO box at 'he Florida Union. .pons red b the Taui Florida) chapter. the I MOC t itle contests is held enIali year bYmore than 2(10 AP() chapters throughout the non to i l raEis' e vtorchar'it. \'otiE on the various contestants, Iy doni !'ni7to the ivdrive, will hegin April 1 and last until April 22. The co1estait ris the m st Tmonv v donated in his na e will 'e1live the t'OC tite at the Pi lailhad Phi Minst reP.a nd scnd :1nd( thu -place prizes will be giye n. i PToc ds frIII the coiltest this year will o t thWe r-&"'f of war orl''ou1idi oin, I s ii h I d I a r y of iia I-Iv \.a i -'ear apm i? J tI!!' s'; 1 llr Mcmori,il Sc h r5't) FlitnO Two Bands, Waiters Turn Hub into Supper Club cdncs y nhts will he Ii ii M \ tilip, tilo, 1H !f the Stirdent Scoi I('c lnto a sippelt 1111h il n.i4 tl".1 xx ock. .~ id \wo J---rn eokl-t Ssu i n Ius f\t. r l4 1 C I ll li l' m1m dwnla-ir ari and fiool set ice will he a ia arItwuth regular wa 'r5 doing th honIs '-Midtate il( w\'I lihea key'note of thet -tip *si's IP Hutettuite Sd. 'ma1"1! 1c-i''!(t)f ttle Iimie sit' Food -e. The lsul Huh atmosphere wIl:dis;appat Illon 'lismg each Wednesuay at 5 p Ill til icopen with the supper club moIf from 6 -10 p.nm he said Altoinating oil the hondstaid will he Charlie Mizra lisi Continent ar teatliring Louts Mataker arid Ari'h;e RI x' r and hi Orchiest ra fa turinm Ch-urk Cus c and DonI Moore The. mmo i;l -smvie. nit rneces-: y l a v l d fol co ples M ollIn IIe on W no' Ii'. iv n i i Ist a i (I! m1 t 4ltl t nt r 1)Ss ."sc .nis plan ;s wcll\ ke \ c cai ix1';Ii~d a1', wdtu Sihl\'aIdd more 1fo' fhe st ulont.s s iA Hmiternister. Cha rfi' 's Littile Nite Club The Chatterbox \o'. Aailahe for mall dancing parties! Danci every night with latest music. N, .6th STREET Phonr 9196 ALL YOU CAN EAT Lunch Supper 11:30 -1:30 meat, 2 ',*zpahles. head, desert ALL THE TEA VO CAN DRINK I NJUMITEI) SF('(NTD% 5:30 -7:30 r :' h I-n a d ak rvery 2 egetables. dsrt hi er55c 70c U 'IVERSITY LODGE 1 N.W. i17th t .-I block North of Bldg. I NIONDAV thru FVIDAV Pied oeiw-. -v fn Pictured above is an interior '.'e'. of Gainesvile s new"'st and FORMAL OPENING A111IL 2, 2:30-4:30 REF RESHMENTS FREE RAZOR CWI;' XE, INT ERr DELTA PHI sorority took topI Phi, a new sorority on campus thi Willie." (Gator Photo by Fred Wa DELTA PHI, KAPPA DELTA Panel Sin Panhellenic sing. a banquet, discussion panels, community pro-: Jects highlighted the first annual, Greek Week held on campus last week. Winners in the fifth annual Panhellenic Sing were the Delta Phi'SI In the novelty division and theI Kappa Delta's in the sentimental, division. The Delta Gamma's plac-I ed second, Chi Omega's third in the novelty division and the Zeta" Tau Alpha's second, Sigma Kappa's third in the sentimental division. Proceeds from the 1955 Sing will be sent to Moon Poong Ja., theI 10-year-old adopted Korean War orphan who Is supported by the Panbellenic Council. The sororities participating and their numbers were: Delta Gamma, "Doing What Comes Naturally"; Alpha Chi Omega, "Going Courting"; Alpha Ipsilion Pi, "Paris Goes Gator"; Chi Omega, "I Wish I Was"; Tri Delt, "Happy Holiday"; Kappa Delta, "American Dream"; Delta Phi, "I Love Little Willie";.Phi Mu, "A SpringtimeI Melody"; Sigma Kappa, "From1 Dut of the Night"; and Zeta Tau Alpha, "Soliloquy of Love". Master of ceremonies was Dr. Robert Carson. The judges were Mrs. Aina Lupkiewicz, Dr. Paul Tew, and Dr. David Stryker. Mrs.I Leland K. Leland was an honorLry judge. W 7l-Hancock Typewriter Exchange Sales *0Rentals i Repair FOR ALL YOUR TYPEWRITER NEEDS 431 NORTH MAIN ST. PHONE 5551 WIIIIIVII tie. kfr-7LLIIIle I iJkfeLJI?'F' [)I] vv insion I 

PAGE 4

Page 4 Editorials Friday, April 1, 1955 FLOKDA ALLIGATOI All-American Honor Rating 1953-54 Yth fWUMl ALLIATOR In de 5lel aristudensre aga I meU niversity W Florida ad I spulmi e e ald vaesalm and dring examiaslen ,uiia. Th, PLOD IDA ALLIGATOR is entered as semo clams ater s e s 00111si O e a UI s. rda. and subsciptions are 82.00 per year. Offer are located In Rooms .18 &Wd U5 toeabessmaA 0 OtheFlorida Unks. Univereltv camms. Editor-in-Chief ..-. .., ..........Art Smith Managing Editor .......................................Al Quentel Business Manager ..........................Gene Brown EDITORIAL STA?? Do Bacon. Feature Editori Alan Schiff. City Editor: Jane Hunter. Society Editor; Becky Greer. News Editor; Mary Ann Greene. Assistant Feature Editor; Doug Suck. Assistant News Editor; Ann White. Assistant Feature Editor; Mary Ann Bransford. Assistant Soiety Editor; Ray Liasebes. Cartoonist; John Carcaba, Rewrite Editor; Fred Ward, Photographer; Dan Hackel. Assistant IState Edior. 3370 RTER Evelyn Sedner, Richard Welnert, David Levy, WaUy Sterling, Joyce Pipkin. Morty Lefkoe, Marty Crichlow, Earl Poucher, Helen Puckett. John Gaynor, Gus Hancock. Ann Spaulding, Maus' Ann Kane. SPORTS STAFF Bob Lneh. Sports Editors Howl. Crane. Intramural Sports Editor; Sports Writers Bill Johnson, Pat Parrish. Charlie Jean. Lenny Hollander. Stan Rosenblatt, Stu Bluibers. Sylvia Maxwell. Janice Hahn. BUSINESS STAFF Advertising: Jack Hutchinson. Frank Fernety, Jack Harris, Ray Biagiotti, Chuck Ruffner. Lorraine Hayes, Sue Reese. Joe Cobb. Jimmy Lee. Don Chaiken; Office and Circulation: Dave Brandt, Jerry Browder, Lamar Cobb, Martin Dernis. Jo Ann Housman, Mary Jo Kogler. Sam Soloman, Bob McCormick. Florida s Place The University, after 16 months of delay, now has a new president.' Dr. J. Wayne Reitz' nomination for the post was confirmed this week by the Board of Education, ending a search that started in 1953 with the tragic death of Dr. J. Hillis Miller. Controversy resulting from Board action and reaction has died, and the people of the University and the state must lend a strong hand to aid this new leader in a most difficult beginning. The presidency is a big job-big enough to kill a man or to render him powerless to a vast amount of bureaucracy and red tape. It is a job with vast policy-forming authority .and a job that requires closest attention to dull but ponderous details. Under this new leader, we must expect a change and innovation in an institution that is shaped by the personalities of the men around it. We must see the needs for progress and the methods by which perfection may be reached. In education .the University of Florida must continue to raise its academic standards and provde a comprehensive, wellbalanced program for the scholar. It must offer provocative courses in the arts and sciences of the day-and be ever antagonistic to the growing trends of academic dogmatism. In the liberal arts, the University has suffered because of an over-emphasized program of growth and expansion. The academic, in many cases, has run secondary to interest in the plan in lieu of the production. In engineering and research, the University must maintain a high calibre of technicians and continue scientific mquiry in its field of specialty. Florida has henefitted from techniques developed here in In engineering and argriculture. This valuSome Notes on Elect While the poop sheet gives way to April showers and political promises were put back in the bag for another year, the student body recovered from another election that had its usual share of excitement and boredom, leaders and followers, contents and mal-contenta. The spring vote, an awesome thing for the freshman but a standard practice for the senior, came and went in a flurry of political brickabrack that, all -in -all, proved who was most popular and who was most doubtfully qualified. But if we can learn from our mistakes, let us scrutinize that chaotic situation for a moment and see what went wrong--and how it did: By vote count and operation, the election was successful. A near record turned out to turn the voting machine key. The job done by election officials was good, in a spite of a few mistakes that can logically be corrected. The major error in the ballot, an error that could have changed the picture, came in allowing all students to vote without first checking their eligibility. Only students who have paid the student activity fee are eigible to cast a ballot in the election. Yet the rolls used contained the name of every student, whole or part time enrolled in the University. But a registrar check indicates that while 9,300 students are enrolled, only about 8,500 have paid their student activity fee. The other 800 are part-time or graduate students under special programs. How many of this group voted is not known, but the matter of their illegality is certain. The secondnblunder came in placing an amendment on the voting machines that obviously confused every voter who went to the polls. The amendment, broken down into three parts, called for editors and Washington SquirreL If squirrels could vote, one could bet that President Eisenhower wouldn't get many animal votes nowadays. The squirrels are upset at the chief executive in Washington. So are a few nature lovers. And it all started when the President took up golf a few years ago. V-. 1-t -a Vi a -m. w r ndi 0 in the Sunable state asset must not be liquidated. For the educators and members of the faculty. there is the ever-present need of higher salaries and more dividends for the thankless job of training the youth. Here, too. the need has been neglected and placed inthe shadow of other University proposals. The best il education demands a price tag. If the Universit isdto provide the best, it must be prepared to pay. If the state intends for its University system to be better, it must pay the bill for the teacher. In student affairs, the University has seen a healthy situation where Student Government, fraternities, and publications are self-governing and find little need for faculty control. This freedom, valid as long as it is not abused, must be maintained. Nowhere in the collegiate nation can we find a government with as much power, fraternities with as much responsibility, or a campus press with as much freedom. In the campus forum where opinion finds a way to be expressed, Florida stands high in individualism and democracy. In other college circles, this spirit is being shackled. We hope that such will not happen here. It will be a difficult first year for this new University president. He must adjust to a Job ...a University must adjust to him. We offer Dr. J. Wayne Reitz all the assistance and support in his new role. We are certain the students, faculty and alumni will do the same. For a University to be great It must have strong leaders and vigilant followers. There must be a spirit of unity overpowering dispute and a feeling for tradition tempein, change. With all of this, pehaps the University of Florida may someday find its rightful place in the sun. ion's End business managers of the Orange Peel and Seminole to be chosen by an electoral board. But the voters decided to take the election out of the hands of the student body and neglected to place it in the hands of an electoral board. The first part of the amendment passed without mishap, but in the case of the latter two parts voters did not make a choice and the necessary percentage of affirmative votes was not there. It was obvious from the heavy returns that students favored the electoral board system, but confusion in the voting machine indicated otherwise. Where these two publications stand now is anybody's guess .The election is now out of the hands of the student body but not in the hands of the board. Where it is Student Government will have to decide. We hope they can find it. Vast discrepancies came in the matter of campaign expenses for many of the candidates facing opposition. Student Government has set definite limits on the amount a candidate can spend, but as has been the rulW in the past, expenditures were governed by expediency and not by law. With printing costs higher than ever and the preevailing rate for a poop sheet at about $20 per 1000, we can look behind the expense accounts of rany and denote the fraud. With only conscience as our guide, it might be best to make expenditures unlimited but public. This realistic approach might provide a better system to check this lack of order. As was expected, the Florida Party swept the ballot. How they did it is debatable, and there are naturally two sides to the story. But this party. large in proport loll to winning blocs in the past, would be wiser to wait and countttheir successes after they have divided the spoils. In such a stiuation, many a party has won the war but lost the peace. s Don't Like Ike to hide their winter food supply. They began digging up the green and putting nuts into the holes. All this rattled the president, who doesn't like the press, squirrels or whatever messes up his game. So he banished all $quirrels from the White House. setting a tiow social protocol in the animal world. The visit of eleven Soviet stupartment to grant visas to the Rusdent editors to the United States sian editors. The Swarthmore Col has aroused interest on the Amerilege Student Council acted as cocan college cmpus, according to ordinator for this collegiate group. the Institute of International EduAt the same time a number of cation. other colleges invited the editors to Student councils, campus newsvisit their respective campuses or papers. faculty. and administraendorsed the visit independently. tive officers at 44 colleges and uniAll of these groups welcomed the versities in 23 states and the DisMarch 10 decision of the State and trict of Columbia have invited the Justice Departments to grant visas Russian delegation to visit them to the Soviet delegation. The U. S. National Student AssociaTo acquaint themselves with tion has also expressed interest in American academic life is the stat.tmed n urrnse of the Soviet tour. The PARANOIA So-called Election Has Few Surprises 'IQ LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Battle of the Sexes: Sarah Proved Her Point? Editor: I wish to extend a hearty 'thank you" to Sarah Meyers for her sterling letter m iast weel s Alligator. I had originally been of the opinion that no coed on this campus couli be as stupid and ridiculous as the ones described by Jerome Merril. but Sarah's letter throughly convinced me that there is at least one girl who has all the qualifications put forth by Jerome. We men of this campus are deeply in debt to you, Sarah, for proving our poinT. I was particularly impressed by the magnificent scholarship displayed by Sarah's roommate in making a B and a C in C11 aini C-41 respectively. My roommate only made a 4.0 while carrying 21 hours in engineering last semester. Why didn't Sarah cite the fact that the women last semester had a considerably higher honor poitm average than the men, rather than holding her poor, .unsuspecting roommate's not too in aspiring grades up for public scrutiny: After admirinF this fine display or scholarship, Sarah quickpr launcned into an attack on the Han of Fame selector for having the audacity to pick a person whose only contribution was making a 4.0 In college. In case she has forgotten. this university was founded primarily for scholarship, and not as a beer jouit, social gathering, or marrying agency. Seems to me nhat more, not less, should have been chosen for scholarship. In (losing. I would like to say that Sarah did use" enough of ner C-41 logic to figure out that tne males of this campus who go aound in Bermuda shorts look like refugees from a kindergarten. 1 aiso think Jerome was a little harsh on our coeds. I have found them to be an intelligent, friendly, and sometimes even religious, group. Write us another letter sometime, Sarah. I really enjoyed your first one. -Robert W. Gallant Coeds Aren't So Bad Editor: Mark Twain once remarked: "There is no character, howsoever good and fine, but it can be destroyep by ridicule. nowsoever poor and witless. Observe the ass, for instance: his character is auout perfect. he im the choicest spirit among all the humbler animals, yet see what ridicule has brought him to. Intead of feeling compumented when we are caUed an ass. we are left in doubt." Perhaps Miss Myers in the "Coed's Rebuttal had this in mind, but perhaps, too, she forgot that someone else remarked about the advisability o the pot calling the kettle black. Each poIn\ or ertmier :eu-er seems to apply to some members ot either sex. The two letters are much alike in that they both are a series of complaints backed by little thought. Peinaps the time spent lamenting the lack of stronger drink than beer (Is there any assurance they can take it?). or the lack of 4.0 Coeds Heaven fored to correcting the bad nax of both sexes. Despite the fact that Unive of Florida students have been( plimented more than once for b an exceptionally responsive au ce. concert manners remain rible. Florida Gymnasium may be the Metropolitan Opera H but there is no excuse for aI two dozen persons to jump ul the end of the last number o program. climb over everyone the row, and then come rur back when the encore starts the past there was always excuse that they had to rush cause coeds had to be in the d by 10 p.m. This year, how this is no longer true. still are always those who must b first regardless of the inconve ce of others. Of course. it w to keep everyone in his seat he house lights off until the gram is over, but is there no help if the electrician would U the last enedre is finished? bid) could be more profitably devo -Fred R. Sias T Three Types of Campus Women An Open letter to Miss Sarah M. Meyers: Thereare three types of women on this campus: the beautiful. the intellectual, and the majority. letter of last week pOaces among the majority. Arthur B. Markley No More Walking Shorts, Sarah open letter to Sarah Meyers conHave shaved my legs and vi cerning men wearing walking mother over the weekend. C shorts: back. All is forgiven. Dear Sarah: (Name withheld) nners rsity combeing dientery not ouse good Ipat n the le in nning x. In the hbeorms ever, there e out nienVould By JOHN A. BAKER for a student interested in politiGator EdIor Emeritus cal activities. Another so-called election is hisAnd as a practical matter, a tory now and, following the prenon-party "organization rarely cedents of recent years, there were wins ...In the recent election few surprises. one "unaffiliated'' candidate won Of course, about 90 per cent of in the Big Five ...And he won. the votes were useless as there was not because of a political organino opposition, but where there was zation which was not officially a opposition a few turned out to be party, but because his fraternity good races. plastered and boomed his candiFor instance Bill Frye ran exdacy from one end of the campus cellent race under the circumto the other. stances. ..Without a recognized This could prove that a hardparty although with an organiza. working fraternity can put through tion of sorts, Bill had to fight his a candidate without a party, but battle along without the help of it doesn't work that way usually friends or other candidates who ...The other "unaffiliated Big would normally appear on the balFive candidates were also fraterlots as official running mates. nity men, but they did not win. There are some who feel that A party organization pushing a the fact that the organization sugroup of men helps all the candiporting Bill remained publicly a dates ...Combined publicity, such non-entity was a good indication of as platform propaganda, a combihow well the organization functionnation poster of the Big Five, raled ...However, the fact that there ies where several candidates can was no ''official' part was a detriappeal tn their supporters t' ba( k ment in the long run. their running mates, radio proStudents should take a lessen grams with a variety of candidates. from this election ..Without all help the candidates of the party. an official two -part' system the And then there s the problem of voters choice is limited ...As a candidate who mlght get elected we have said before. the slate was without a party ...For instance, a good one generally, but such an the president of the student body ideaistic situation is purely coin...He would have a tough time cidental and probably will nev-r carrving out a personal Ilatform occur again. or getting appointments passed if Another disadvantage is the lark the Executive Council was all on of opportunity for new blood to the other side .0Of course this enter the political scene ...With happens only too often after an only one party there are only half election. the spots available for candidates But don't get us wrong .We ...Under this system, there are are not proposing a system of Stuonly a few jobs open in the party dent Government composed of parBACON'S BEAT Dr. Reitz Girds to Restore U By DON BACON Gator Feature Editor Pretty soon Dr. J. Wayne Reitz will move into the spacious office on the second floor of the Administration Bbilding, seat himself in the large, red leather chair that has, remained empty for 16 months, and settle down to one of the toughest jobs a university president has undertaken. In balancing the dilemma of whether to accept the Board of Control and the B o a r d of Education's appointment for the vacant University of Florida top post, Dr. Reitz faced numerous decisions that would cause a weaker man to turn away. His personal future rested with the decision he ma le this week surely, but more than that Dr. Reitz for two weeks carried the weight of the University's future prominence and prestige on his shoulders. When state leaders, citizens and UF students learned Dr. Reitz was the best man left in the Board of Control sieve after many moons of wrangling. there were cries of politics, pressures and special interest. Dr. Reitz. who is well known and respected around the state. did not come under fire himself 6ut most chose to blast the Board of Control for their methods of picking the new skipper. Whether or not those accusations directed at the Board are justifiabe or just sour grapes, no one has succeeded in proving. yet. Nevertheless this TWO CENTS WORTH placed Dr. Reitz in a ridiculous position should he accept or reject the Job he has striven for and wanted, Dr. Reitz wanted to stay out of the political aspects of the situation as did Dr. John S. Allen, another top educator in consideration by the Board. But in the heat and confusion of the Board scramble. both men were placed in the middle of the ring and neither could do anything about it. State political fig-ures said Dr. Reitz was supported by agricultural interests and that the board had neen Pubjected to severe pressure from these groups. Likewise, the state press cried foul blow and called for everything from a Board of Control investigation to abolishing the Board. Even the members of tl~e Board itself joined the scrap. verbal blasts were exchanged between Board member Glenn Miller of Monticello and Chairman J. Lee Ballard. Then Gov. Collins and members of his cabinet acting as the Board of Education announced that they would accept the Reitz nomination. Only Superintendent of Public Instruction Thomas Bailey said he could not vote for Reitz under the circumstances. Reitz %Nas voted in by a 4-1 margin last Tuesday and after that (ay he made a qualified acceptance statement. So the fight is over and Dr. Reitz will be the new UF president. But ty "hacks." ...But we earnestly feel that two -party system will better Student Government, not hurt it. The American two -party system is the basis of governmental stabii. ty which would set an excellent example to the rest of the world if the world would only look ... Progress in government is only possible through stability in government ...That stability arises from party organizations on state and national levels. We only hope that someday this campus will return to a good, stable, respresentative and fairly equa two -party system ...The present Florida party, now elated by its sweep, can look forward to splits before the next election ... The governmental pie can only be cut so many ways and with nearly everyone on the winning side politicallv, there will be numerous persons unsatiated by their invididual slice. As a sidenote to our hope of a two -party system. we urge the political leaders to look to the fiture when they do form new political alliances. ...A party which has a fair share of the "Bloc'' and is not top heavy can last a long time ...We hope the next parts will plan to last long enough to make a platform worth something more than a typographical balance on a poop sheet. Our congratulagtions to Bob McClure and the other victories candidates and a pat-on-the-back for the losers ..-It was a clean fight, although sort of a mismatch. F Prestige just where does that place him and what super human task lies ahead. It boils down to this: Dr. Reitz must first overcome the stigma of being called an agricultural man. favoring farming interests. Chances are pretty good that not only wi'l Dr. Reitz not favor these interests, but that he will bend over backwards not to do so The iokes that have been float. ing around the campus about the Century Tower being turned into a silo. the Plaza being turned into a cow pasture, professors being reqUired to drive tiactois, etc. may seem funnY until you meet D. Reitz, The relatively young Provost cf Agriculture is a ver personable man, likeable and easy to talk to. His greying hair and lean r-uddy face makes him look somewhat older than his 46 years. It doesn't take long for you to realize that he will be just as at ease in the big red leather chair in the President's office as he would be directing operations on a mammoth farm, althoiun1 D! Reitz would he first to point out that there is no comparison in th1 tw jobs. Dr Reitz will be a good prestdent. He knows he L.as a tough row to hoe ahead. He is ,wing the future in gaining back ;iny prestige the University o o ida has lost in the past months He has accepted the < hallen19, but it's our challenge too. Player's 'Rainbow' Was Pretty Good By DOU-G BU'CK Assistant News Editor A columnist who saw the Florida Players' production of "Finian s Rainbow" would be cheating his readers if he failed to tell them his opinion of it. It was great! All doubts that the Players could put on a musical here successfully were removed. The "Rainbow turned out to be close to a pro fessional job. That the production could receive such a high rating is little short of amazing in view of the handicaps the Players were working under. They paid some $1.500 in royalties for the "Rainbow," a former Broadway smash. But. for some reason. the orchestration score was never sent to the Players. As a result, all accompaniment had to be played on the organ and piano. Korean Student Wants Mail until The following is a letter to uieKorea, prostudent body which deserves to be Now way printed: why I leave Dear unknown students, known First of all I will introduce myexplain self to you. My name is Tai Kun longinE Lee and a twenty-year-old young pal." Korean student. you. You are reading a letter from I li Your South Korea, far from your counSouth you try. As you know well, Korea is dent o located ontFar East. If dyoudidn't lege o know exactly, you could find tt on your map. This country is very small country, but unfortunately Lee's ...divided into two parts. One 19 Hoon called South Korea, the other is oul, F sited called North Korea. South Korea is Alicia ome free country, so called democratic Vedad. country. but North Korea is not tereste free country. It is ruled by Comwrite munists. What is brief outline about plies. I will tell you my purpose am writing to unseen, unforeign sAudents. It may be ned in one sentence. "I am g to be your foreign pen That's all I am writing to ve in Seoul city. capital of Korea. I am a college stuf the Foreign Language Colf Korea. Your pal, Lee address is No. 83 KwanDong, Chong-Ro Street, SeKorea. A Cuban girl, Miss Ma. Diaz Irizar, 314 calle 10 o, Habana. Cuba is also ined in a UF pen pal. Both to the UF students for reBelieve it or not, though. the only time the auiein~le noticed the lack of an orchestra was during the overtures. While the curtain was up the music was so well sung thFV all other aspects took a back scat. If one performer can be singled out as tops, he is Ed Amor wfo played Og, the Jepi-echaun. Its8 doubtful that there a professional on Broadway who could have put the part over better. Every line was a laugh. The two singing leads were done by Don Bouterse and Phyllis Edge. More than one listener was astounded that such talent could be found here at the University. Really good. And the whole show was held together by the topflight performance of Tom Rahner, who played Finian. As the old Irishman, Rahner never missed a begorra or failed to get a laugh at the right time. Even sitting toward the rear of the University Auditorium, a person seldom missed hearing a lineand that's saying something in that accoustical nightmare,Credit should be heaped on iirector D. B. Dusenbury, and wherever else it belongs, for the show. The only regret is that there, were only three stagings. If it could be put on agian. it would be a cinch to play before another pacaeri house. dent editors will be given opportunities to meet American students and to participate in discussions with them and with their professors. Academic institutions to be visited by the Soviet editors have not yet been determined. A tentative itinerary includes stops in New York City, Washington. Detroit. Ann Arbor, Chicago, San Francisco. and Tuskegee, Alabama. Other cities will be added to the schedule. "We hone this trin will give the our cutural and community life. The editors will arrive in New York City April 15. The Soviet student editors have been granted entry into the United States by the Departments of State and Justice "in the national interest. Under the McCarran-Walter Immigration Act it was necessary for the Secretary of State to recommend admission to the Department of Justice. The Attorney General granted the recommended waiver of the Act. Last summer when the Soviet American student editors to visit there. The visit of the student editors is at the expense of the Soviets It is in no way a U. S. Government project. Editorial comment in the nation's press has endorsed the projected visit of the Soviet student editors. A New York rimes editorial stated, "If the Russian Government is wiling to expose eleven student editors, aged 25 to 39. to a close-up view of higher education in this country, it Is wise of us to V. ACROSS THE COLLEGIATE NATION Soviet Student Editors Will Tour U .S. This Month; Interest High 

PAGE 5

Florida Ailigator-page 5 Friday, April 1, 1.6 Bicycle (rackdown (ontibues; 22 Fined For Misdemeanors Arrests for lack of propre lights on bicycists riding at night again this week were heavy as 22 students were fined from $1.00 to $7.00 for a missing headlight or tail reflector on their bikes. This makes a total of about 50 violations in the past two weeks as the Gainesville City Police force continues its campaign against night bicycle riding without proper markings. City Police hope by this method to make bicyclists take notice and properly light their vehicles thereby reducing the possibilty of accidents at night, the dopartment said. In automobile violations this week four students were arrested for running red lights and four for improper turns. Speeding and improper parking each resulted in two charges against students. One charge each of going the wrong way on a one-way street and running a stop sign brought fines of under $10.00. Next Lecture comingg F0or Women In Law The next lecture in the Law for Women Series will be held on Friday night. April 15, at 7:30 in Walker Auditorium. Five of the lectures in the series, sponsored by the General Extension Division of Florida, Florida Bar, and the Eighth Judicial Circuit of the Florida Bar, have been completed, and two or possibly four more are scheduled. Attendance has been exceptionaly good thus far, with audiences of over 300 women at each lecture. Subjects covered by previous lectures have been, "Wills and Estate Planning," "Real Estate Purchases and Sales," "Common Business Transaction," and "Contracts. The topic for the April 15 lecture will be "Torts", a discussion of civil crimes. Trianon Applications Due Applicants for Trianon ar reminded that application forms must returned to the Florida Union main desk by 11 p.m. Wednesday. For any information or assistance, cOntact any member of Trianon. (At op AO FOR BETTER-0 The at thMght Mat comes colege Is, c coUrse, marriage. seeking mates, a I Ake to call the Not many, you may be sure. Mo person who eamn along. This quences, especialy if the person Let us today make a scientific causes of marriage-homogamy quity. We will examine these on Homogamy means the attraction it is rarely opposites which attra choose mates who resemble th outlook, and, perhaps most impo Take, for example, the case c ago named Anselm Glottis and madly in love with Florence, bu was majoring in the Don Juania school of forestry. After grad forest ranger. Still determined single Don Juanian Poet cover lookout tower. His plan, alas, miscarried. F as a graduation present, picke Indies. Today, a derelict, she k THE NEW PRESIDENT AND HIS PAST Dr. Reitz, Young and Energetic, Pledges His Support To University TAKING Ou. r TH E r0t touay of rreeient or me University. Dr. J. Wayne Reltz has pledged his support to the University and Its students and alumni. Dr. Reitz was given the official nod yesterday by the Board of Control In a special meeting on campus. (See story page 1.) ASSOCIATION HEARS BUDGET NEEDS FOR BIENNIUM Murphree Named Alumni Head In State Meeting Here Saturday Univ i Aitv Alu mni P lo t ' Circit h ta Onto x i ant tinL LT W14. v i university y umni eiecte uritTe state association. L. w. (tsiny) Judge John A. H. M ur p h r ee, Graham. Gainesville attorney, was Dr. Reitz brings to the UniverGainesville. president of the state elected treasurer of the association, sity a wide acquaintance throughassociation in an annual meeting succeeding Judge Murphree. Graout the state and the nation. An here Saturday. ham is a law graduate of the Class energetic young man, Dr. Reitz of 1947. has displayed keen vision and dg 'strong administration in building of the Class of 1928, succeeds Louisf I other edAssciation the University's agricultural proratified several amendments to the Bonsteel, Miami, as president of i by-laws and tabled one amendment gram to one of prominence n the nation. concerning life memberships. Ative President Bonsteel presided at Active in civic and community affairs, he is a member of the the meeting and in a farewell adGaineavile Rotary Club, the First Stress urged greater support of the APresbyterian Church, and has secimassociation and the University, ved on many civic projects throughcalling for increased membership out his fourteen years on the Unimrwf"Io By with Cud, .) "go that the Association can bevarsity staff. He has served and come self -supporting." headed numerous committees -n Recognized at the meeting were University matters and projects. B FOR WORSE Acting President Dr. John S. AlHe is married to the former len, who reviewed briefly the UniFrazice-s Millikan and has two into our minds upon entering versity's legislative requests. Dr. daughters, Margaret Ann and Bt how many of us go about Allen presented to the group AgriMarjorie. B, how manuy ofusgo mabout ? cultural Provost Dr. J. Wayne JUDGE MURPHREE A native Kansan, Dr. Reitz reoi, in a truly scientific manner? Reitz, Board of Control nominee for ceived his B. A. degree at the Co at &f us simply marry the first the presidency of the Unversity. hampered in our forward prolervd S A grt ad ecani lead to unpleasant consetgress." orado State Agricultural and Meis lrad marid. Dr. Allen expressed appreciation HesiIE ctzni chanical College. and Masters dewe marry is already married. to the Association, and "the many, He said "Every citizen in Flo agree at the University of Illinos z survey of the three principle many people throughout Florida ida has an investment in the Uniand his PhD degree at the Uni, personality need, and propinwho have made it possible for me versity of Florida. As a dividend versity of Wisconsin. e at a time. to carry the dual responsibilities I you receive direct services, but He first joined the University on of like for like. In marriage have had since the death of Dr. more Important ---an improving staff in September of 1934 as aset; the great majority of people J. Hillis Miller, 18 months ago." economy. There is a direct relasistant professor of Agriculture In presenting Dr. Reitz. Acting tionship between educational achlEconomics. He left the University tant# f all, cultural level. President Allen said "Dr. Reitz evement and per capita income. in 1944 to become Economic Counf two students of a few years and I are neighbors -he is a man The direct services you receive sel, United Growers and Shippers Ftwoe Cstudents of a few years whom I respect highly and I exare --classroom and laboratory Association in Orlando where he Florence Catapult. Anselm fell served until 1948. pect to give him every support and instruction for y-our children, ret she rejected him because she help that I can in carrying on the search for our crops and busi Chief of Citris n oets and he was in the lowly responsibilities of this great Uninesses, arid extension classes and In 1948 he became Chief of the uation Anselm got a job as a versity." courses for you. Citrus Division, Fruit and Vegeto win Florence, he read every Dr. Reitz paid high tribute to! "Educational progress must pretable Branch of the United States to cover while sitting in his Dr. Allen whom he termed a good cede D tnot follow economic erent of Agriculture %hoer friend and a loyal supporter Ot progress. Failure to invest Wisely Provost for Agriculture at the Unilorence, sent on a world cruise the University who has done a in higher education in rour stategversity in 1949. d up the betel nut habit in the magnificent job in serving as Actwill have a resounding effect on Asy t Provost Dr. Reitz has headeeps body and soul together by ing President since the death of the economic social and utu -t-:. --3 A---I71.I I-.VT I_ -_ !Culura ed the cont cts witheh rnana p r i 'ogrss adeby lorda n rOeraion Adiitraini a -.1h-a h. working as a sampan off Mozamb iue. And nselm, engrossed in the Don Juanian Poets, failed to notice a forest fire which destroyed 29,000,000 acres of second growth blue spruce. Today, a derelict, he teaches Herrick and Lovelace at the Connecticut School of Mines. The second reason why people marry, personality need, means that you often choose a mate because he or she possesses certain qualities that complete and fulfill your own personality. Take, for instance, the case of Alanson Duck. As a f reshman, Alanson made a fine scholastic record, playeii varsity lacrosse, and was very popular with his fellow students. Yet Alanson was not happy. There was something lacking in his life, something vague and indefinable that was needed to make his personality complete. Then one day Alanson discovered what i, was. As he was walking out of his class in Flemish potter, a fetching coed named Grace Ek offered him a handsome brown package and said, "Philip Morris?" "Yes!" he cried, for all at' once he knew what he had been needing to round out his personality-the gentle fulfillment of Philip Morris Cigarettes, the soul-repairing mildness of their vintage tobaccos, the balm of their !tnparallt'led taste, the ease and convenience of their bonny bri-wn Snap-Open pack. "Yes. I will take a Philip Morris!" cried Alanson "And I will also take you to wife if you will have inc "La!" she exclaimed, throwing her apron over ner free, but after a while she removed it and they were married. Today they live in Prince Rupert, British Colunobia, where Alanson is with an otter glazing firm and Grace is a bookie. Propinquity, the third cause of marriage, means closencsZ. l'u1 a boy and a girl in a confined spacefor a long period and they will almost surely get married. A perfect example is the t.ame of Fafnir Sigafoos. While a freshmanyat Louisiana State, he was required to crawl through the Big tnch pipeline as part of his fraternity initiation. He entered the pipe al litun Rouge. As he passed Lafayette, Ind., he wa.agreeably --urprised to be joined by a comely girl named Mary Alice singlass, a Purdue freshman, who had to crawl through the Big Inch as part of her sorority initiation. When they emerged from the pipeline at Milrn,.,,+r.man+ + thovwere e aioreda nd-afr a urnM 'hn Dr. Miller. "He has kept uppermost in his mind the forward progress of this University. Whatever' position I find myself in the next few weeks, I will look forward toi working with Dr. Allen." The Agricultural Provost did noti break his long silence concerning the Board of Control's nomination of him, but in a moment of humor; quoted "Blessed is he with nothing to say and cannot be persuaded to pr ce -1c umaus win ie v0reig nt years." rington routing hundreds of foreign ornersrone Ceremonies for Med Broward County Alumni Plan UIF Day Thursday The Alumni Club of Broward County will sponsor a University ot of the Leadership Conference of themin comment' singing; Dr. j. V. leadership conferences held during Florida Classroom Teacherg AsNorman, pi'ofessorof education and the 1934-55 year by the FCI'A at sociation at the College of Educadean emeritus of the College of the University under the theme tin sEducation, will -ive the devotional, "Faith in Education Horizons During the past twenty-five years and Dean J. B. White, of the ColUnlimited. Dr. Rogers has served as a publege of Education will give the lc school teacher and principal, wecome to FCTA members. as college teacher and lecturer and After, the opening session, conas school superintendent before as'fere m beill aesin, vanumin hispreent ositon.ference members will attend variun9ing his present position. aous study groups for discussion of In 1947 he wa.s an educational consultant for the U S A i topics of interest 'n teachers. Gconsumtanytfor teU.h.Army inStudy group leaders wil be faculty rvey members of the College of Education, assisted by FCTA members. 3 .3 3 Miss Agnes Johnson, Miami. Special High Schol state chairman of the FCTA. will preside at all general sessions. The Course in Journalism conference will close Saturday with These familiar initials a luncheon meeting in the Student tier your Doctor's name Service Center. a Offered Thi S ummer IThe Department of Classroom are an assurance of comTeachers has endorsed the Kate V. petent and seasoned counA special course for high school Wofford Scholarship Fund which sel. Consult your Doctor teachers has been added to the -tathe frst suggestion of 1955 summer school curriculum by illness-then bring us his the School of 3 i d ~17 Initiated in Gargoyle, lns-h bn u i the School of Journalism and Com-prsiton.Takyu munications. InArchitecture Honorary prescriptions.Thank you Rae 0. Weimer. director, salil Seventeen students were recentthe course in high school journally initiated into Gargoyle, Archeism has been added as the result tecture and Allied Arts honorary. of many requests from Florida's To be eligible for Gargoye, a stuteachers and students in training dent must be in the top 10 per to become teachers. cent of his school. Title of the course is "JournalThose recently initiated were Don ism in the Secondary Schools" and Seidler, Robert Foyd. Ray RePHONE 7524 is designed to give special trainvette, Bill Hunter, Nell Baker, Ny FAST I)ELiVERY ing and preparation for those teaFoust. Ed Elk, Arthur Brawn, 6 E. Universlyt Ave. chers who handle school newspap.'James Sorg. George Stuart, Mary ers, yearbooks, and magazines. ItHetenyi. Larry Evans, William Rivers. Karen Richards, Volney Harwill iriclude a general stirvey 01 mn.Rcad ok ndCals editorial, business, publishing and riman. Richard Tooke and Charles niechanical phases of school pubWorley. locations. A banquet, honoring the new iitiates, wil be held Tuesday at the Dr. James L. C. Ford professor Hotel Thomas. of journalism at M ana State University is being brought to the 1 University for the summer term to conduct the course. Prior to college teaching, Dr. Ford was a teacher of high school journalism. He has taught classes similar to the one he will teacn here in the Universitv of Montana and the University of California. The course may be taken for unSchool Draw Praise from R.A. Gray Idergracluate credit or for graduate credit as a minor in other colleges say it.i Ceremonies marking the begRefering to the time capsule to of the university. Others recognized at the meeting medical educhtionathe I be placed in the cornerstone, Gray incldedSecetay ofStae R A.University were held Saturday pae n h onrinGa included Secretary of State R. A.when Secretary of State A uture archeologists digging Director, Bob Woodin the ruins years from now may Gry AhetcGray lai thecornTstoerwaldh ruff. Association Past Presidents.' Medical Sciences Building look on us with pity. but they wrill "o" members of the Aiumni Executive Witha large number of State say there is evidence of a grand Council and Councilmen at large. political and civic leaders on hand. purpose here To Attend Meet Leland Hiatt, executive secretary Gray. with the assistance of acting The steel box. deposited in theu of the association, urged strong president of the University Dr. !crnerstone contained a lead con O support of the University's proJohn S. Allen, ceremoniously lowtamer of radioactive material from 'Of nin ir .ct.rs giam and expressed appreciation erfd the time capsule into a hollow the Oak Ridge Institute of Nuclear' of the "support given the Univerin the northwest corner of the Studies which thousands of years William E. Rion, director of the sity by thousands of alumni everybuilding and sealed the opening from now will enable scientists -o Florida Union and president of the where." with brick. tell how old the building is. Also Association of College Unions. and. Acting President Allen told the Gray paid high tribute to the in the box. were a picture of j. Walter E. Thorwald, assistant dialumni that "it is only intelligent late Dr. Miller for his leadership Hillis Miller, his signature, a rerector of the Union, will attend tne self interest by the people of r in making the establishment of a port by the Lipard committee r-32nd annual conference of the Asstate to invest in the University of College of Medicine at the Univer'ommending the establishment of sociation Sunday through Wednes Florida. addig that the question 'sity possible. "This is the be a college of medicine. the four day at the Greenbrier Hotel. White of the Universityrs appropriations nng of the furnishing of a long volumes surrounding the need for Sulphur Springs. west Virgnia. is one of whether or not the citineeded facility in Flori;l Gray medical education inbFlorida. and Rion, whose one-year term of otof heter notthec i. 'a document signed by Wiliarr. G. fc speieto h soizens of Florida want quality in -Plad -fire as president of the Associaze an ql riGray praised the Board of ConPollard.execu!ve director .f the Ition will expire at the conterenrce higeredcaton .trol and the Legisature for their.OkRig Institute of Nucear will preside at 'the% rinferenec and: He reviewed briefly the m: 'participation in making the ,.eaih 'Studies. wil address The Association mem-! versity's budget requests for te center possible and sa:d. "I hope Included in Dr. Allen's relmbers. He left March 27 for a busi1955 legislature. pointing out that that there will be no obstacles inary remarks was an announceness trip to Washington before go-! new construction and operation placed in the way of this centers ment to the effect that the Intering to White Sulphur Springs and equipment requests must be versitys budget request for the national Business Machines CorporI met "if we are not to be seriously eCnrpor orr. ..'.: .m .Thorwald. who will leave for the TELEPHONE 3516 Sccku s Opticians REGISTERED OPTICIANS LENSES DUPLICATED QUICK REPAIRS ARTIFICIAL EYES PrescripUqns Filled Promptly 22 W. University Ave. FRANEKL'S Open Next Wednesday for Easter Shopping Spring Dresses to Charm the Easter Season We invite you to open a charge account for your Easter Outfit. '4' I -___-__-___ ~ FOR REAL ITALIAN COOKING .0 Spaghetti Ravioli (home made) P izza (on special .$1.00) 0 Spumoni Listen to Station WGGG at 11 -,2.I.n.tha M5t r I A confident 46-year-old educator, visitors to the University to study The new Beef Research Unit, Floridy on i uaV. pledged to the people of Florida tovarious phases of agriculture. Visinear Hague, has been acquired Representatives of the Univer day his support "to continue the tors have come from Turkey, Inand developed to the point where it sity will travel to 16 different progress of the University of Flordonesia, the Philippines, Iran, is now ielding researcher t I speaking engagements in the coun ida." Iraq, Israel, Egypt. Pakistan, Nayieng research result ty during the three -day duration Dr. J. Wayne Reits, youthful and pal, Thailand, Formosa. Costa of tremendous importance to the of the alumni celebration. Repre energetic provost for agriculture, Rica, France. The Netherlands, Florida Cattle Industry. The Stasenting the University wil be Act who today was named to the preParaguay, Peru, Brazil, Chile, Intion has also acquired and is deing President Johri S. Allen. heaa sidency of the UniversIty to sucdia, Africa, Belgium. Burma and veloping a new Horticulture Re. coach and athletic director boh ceed the late Dr. J. Hillis Miller, many other countries. search Unit beyond the Devil's Woodruff, assistant to the head expressed his appreciation of the He is chairman of the Adminis. Millhopper. coach Col Everett Yon. Bill Dan confidence of the State Board of trative Committee of the Inter. Ground was broken last Septemiel. Charles Damsel. Dean it. U Education upon the recommendAmerican Institute of Agricutural ber 30 for Dan McCarty Hall, the Beaty, Leland Hiatt. director o tion of the Board of Control .11 Sciences at Turrialba, Costa Rica. new agricultural building on camalumni affairs and his assistant naming him to the presidency. After months of negotiation, he pus now being erected at a cost Holmes Melton Jr and Allen () In a statement issued after no recently concluded an agreemem of $1.850,000.0o. Work is nearing Scaggs Jr editor :f the Ne% had been notified of the State Boara between Costa Rica and the State completion on the new agricultural Bureau. of Education action, Dr. Reitz said Board of Control wherein scientists engineering building. costing $45, President of the Broward CounY "Before final acceptance there are from the University of Florida 000.00. Construction is under way Alumni Club is A. W. Saarnen; a few details which I wish to disCollege of Agriculture will assist on the new veterinary science general chairman for the Day cuss with the Board of Control -in developing the agriculture of building, costing $150,00.00 and Harry Vordermeier. which up to now we have not nad Costa Rica, in cooperation with the animal nutrition laboratory,nr an opportunity w consider. With FOA. costing $165,000.00. aeland Hiatt, director of Alumn my confidence in the Board of He is also a director of Escuela Other units constructed on the affairs hopes that this Broward Control, I am certain that these Agricola Panamericana at Teguci. campus since Dr. Reitz became County University of Florida ca can be settled to our mutual satisgalpas, Honduras. He is a mem-. prvost are the poultry unit, $52, will set the pattern for similar faction.' ber of the Federal Reserve Bank 623 animal husbandry judging organization throughout the state Prepared to Work --of Jacksonville. pavillion $145,84-, meat products to follow and in this way afford He said that he prepared During his tenure as provost the laboratory, $18.972. the University an opportunity to let work with the staff and students last six years, the there rStructures erected at branch stacivic, religious and high school the Board of Control, and Cabinet ture divisions of the .eis tions and field laboratories during group know of the activities of and Legislature, and the people of have made marked and steady prothe last six years include the Ja the school here. Florida to continue the progress gress. There have been modest excob Dewey Warner Laboratory at of this great University. pansion3 in staffs of the teaching Quincy, the office and laboratory His complete statement read: "I division, the Agricultural Experiat the West Florida Station, Jay, Education Dames Meet deeply appreciate the confidence ment Station and the Agricultural uthe soils laboratory and office Ta expressed by the Board of EducaExtension Service.;building at Hastings, the office The Education Dames will h tion on the recommendation of the rebuilding and laboratory for the holding their monthly meeting Board of Control. Before final acReserarch Publieatinm Suwannee Valley Station, Live Oak, Wednesday at 8 p.m. The meeting ceptance of the presidency of the The Station has nauguarate a and numerous smaller units at wil be held at the home of Mrs. University of Florida, there are a s and has Bradenton. Ona, Lake Alfred. Lees. W. Max Wise 1425 NE 7 St .witn few details which I wish to disgreatly expanded its publications burg, Belle Glade. Homestead, Fort 'Eve Brunner and Florence Ward cuss with the Board of Control i-,ng research results. Lauderdale, and Fort Pierce. Serving as hostesses. (which up to now we have not hadan opportunity to consider. With DR. VIRGIL ROGERS LECTURES ON EDUCATION my confidence in the Board of Control I am certain that these can i b. settled to our mutualsatisfacProfessional Horizons' Topic of Address tion. When this is done, then I shall be prepared to work with the Dr. Virgil M. Rogersdean of of the German school system, and is being established in memory staff and students, the Board of the school of Education at Syrahe was a Control, the Cabinet and Legisla-, cuse University. Syracuse, Newg l i MidI ofDroffoed, rcentfdece ture and the people of Florida, to York, will speak on "Expandingi centruy White House Conference menta oEduc eipartmethofCleg continue the progress of this great Professional Horizons tonight at! on Children in 1950. He is active of Education. There wil be an onUniversity." 7:45 in P.K Yonge auditorium. in numerous professional organiza-1 portunity for members to contri He declined comment on the matDr. Rogers is sponsored by the tions. bute to the fund at the luncneon ters which he wished to discuss College of Education and the UniPrior to Dr. Rogers address meeting. with the Board. versity Lecture Series. His address Miss Doris Schmidt, of the DiiThe two -day conference will KeinhVthe Boarghhght the openigheeswion dian conferen.eWiill will highlight the opening session of Music. will lead the group be the final in a series of four t n n b u f s t r r e t l f e e.-\ 

PAGE 6

Page 6-Florida Alligator, Friday, April 1, 1955 Rhubarb Tennis Hopes .High; Tulane, Richordson Tops in Conference By BOB LYNCII Alligator Sports Editor A GOOD TEAM of individuas with no outstanding stars could be the phrase attached to this year's edition of the Florida tennis team We talked with net Coach Bill Pottr just prior to Tuesday's match with 1 usc, and one statement he made impessed us more than slightly. "Te'iti.w'4it are all about the same," the Florida mentor stated. "Ttkih Wu. iaju* is just as Important as the fellow who's playing No. I." Some enthusias fail to take this into consideration when they look over a team which is blessed with several fine performers, but no depth. Taking a page from another book, so to speak, Wake Forest's golf team came here last year with Arnold Palmer, who was to become National Amateur champion later in the summer, leading the Deacons. One man wasn't enough, and Florida beat the visitors convincingly, 18-9. Reverting back to tennis, *ne man has made the difference for Tulane during the past three ,*ears as the New Orleans school has captured the Southeastern Confer ence crown annually, with Ham Richardson taking a stranglehold on singles honors. FLORIDA NETMEN IN TOP FOUR BUT THE GATORS have no Richardson, or a comparable Palmer ..just "good" players, who had a string of six straight victories snapped by a strong Duke team on Tuesday. Potter usually starts a lineup which consists of co-captain John Hires, Ed Kassatly, Augie LeCann, co-captain Bill Hutcherson. Francis Ingram and Steve Marshall. All but LeCann, a junior, and Marshall. a sophomore. are in their last year of eligibility. "We have more team than tournament strength," Potter commentd, "but I still hope that we can do better In the conference this year and improve on our fourth place showing of '54." The Florida, coach concedes that Tulane. with Richardson ack to hekeethesopposition, and running mate Jose Aguero will be he'team to beat, and he added that Louisiana State, as usual, will rank highly. ,Whether Florida can beat out Vanderbilt, the tearn which finished third in last year's meet, cannot be supposed since the Gators don't meet the Nashville netters before the SEC finale. When Potter mentioned the "better team than ]POTTKr tournament" aspect, he added that Florida tennis teams have done surprisingly well against SEC competition in dual meets during the last few 3eas. Looking back over the records, we found that, prior to this season, Florida had not been defeated In its last 14 matches wth conference foes; this covered a three-year span since the netters were beaten, 5-4, by Tennessee in mid-season of '52. With victories in the present campaign already registered over Georgia, Auburn and Georgia Tech, Coach Potter's squad has a nice line of triumphs moving. Whlie predicting a winner in the SEC-tennis meet is the farthest thought from our minds at the moment, we will go so far as to say that the Gators should, with a little luck, improve on their '54 performance. Davis Cupper Richardson and his "star" teammates from Tulane will win, no doubt, but Potters "good" team will make a name for itself. SHANKLE IS OLYMPIC MATERIAL IF YOU WATCHED the IFlorida Relay last Saturday, you probably thought there was a phonograph playing Pbout the fourth time you heard place, No. 207, Shankle, Duke." But it was only oral proof that one of the South's, if not the country's, finest athletes had won another honor. For Joel Sankle, Duke's gift to the track world, should certainly be under consideration by high-ranking officials for a place on the 1956 Olympic team. To rtiresh your memory, Shanke tied his own record In the 120 yd. h ,h hurdles (:14.3), the third time in four years he has won the e it,' ; he broad jumped 23 ft. 9 in. for another win; he pole vaulted 13 ft. to take runner-up honors behind Florida's Earl Poucher, and he high jumped 5 ft. 11+ in. to deadlock for third place; final tally14', points for Shankle, 16! i for Duke. Several weeks ago, we got a few quotes from Poucher on Shankle in preparation for a Sunday feature on the Duke athlete for a North Carolina paper. At that time, Earl noted that he didn't think Shankle had found any one event in which he could excel. "but he could be one of the best in anyone of them." Apparently Shankle has decided that he doesn't want to broad jump 25 feet, high jump about 6-4, pole vault about 13-6, or go over the high timber in :14.0; rather he'll just keep doing everything well, and well enough to win, so that when it comes ti'.re for the United States to look for some lanky, 6-3, stringbean-like natural track star, it can cast an envious eye toward Durham. where Shankle will be ready to go. And what event (s) will he enter. you ask?? With Bob Mathias out of the running, (no pun intended), the Duke athlete could be this country's top representative in the decathalonand they say we don't stand a chance in the Olympics! RAMBLINGS IN THE FLORIDA SPORTS WORLD A PAT SCHWAB will defend his individual medalist title this weekend in the annual state intercollegiate golf tournament at the Coral Gables Biltmore course, as Florida attempts to win the Second day action in the eighth annual state intercollegiate golf tournament will begin today at the Coral Gables Biltmore course with the University of Florida favored to win and retire the Goodwin-Nielsen trophy, symbolic of three straight victories in the meet. Florida tied with Miami foz top honors in 1952 and won the tourTrack Squad Idle nev the next two years. Thirty-six holes of play are set for today and the final 18 will he As Poucher, Wason 1 played tomorrow. The Gators played Miami ooa. Vie in Texas Rel" eet on Wednesday prior to the start of the tournament yesEarl Poucher and Bumper Watterday. Coach Andy Bracken planned son, Florida's two individual winto start two teams of four men ners in last week's Florida Reeach in an attempt to repeal the lays, will journey to Austin. Texas, Florida performance of last year tomorrow for the annual Texas Rewhen the Gators took both first and lays. crown for the third straight year. Last year Schwab toured the 72 Poucher will compete in the poleQ holes In DeLand in 266 strokes, 22 under par. The first round of vault and Watson will run the 100 the tourney was played yesterday, with 36 holes on tap today and the concluding 18 tomorrow. yd. dash. Both will be among the favorites to snare top honors Poucher was below his usual height in the Relays here, but still Mtl GeorgiaFlorida M eet 13 ft. 6 in., while Watson turned in a :09.5 time in the 100, only, to have officials nullify At because of excessive wind. The Florida tiack team will be Week nd R ad Tlts idle, since the Southern helavs. BY CHARLIE JEAN originally scheduled for tomorrow. Gator Sports Writer have been cancelled. The Gators, Florida's baseball team meets defending Southeastern Conference will travel to Atlanta next Saturchampion Georgia at Athens today and tomorrow in its last chance to day for a dual meet with Georgia, square accounts with the hard-hitting Bulldogs who defeated the GaTech. tors twice earlier this season, 20-4 and 11-4.N Coach Dave Fuller's charges Nine new records were set tn will enter today's game with a On Tuesday, Florida split a the 12th annual Relays and anoth-. season record of four wins and double-header with intra-state rival er tied, as over 1,000 athletes per-, four losses. In conference play, IMiami. In the first game, Burt formed on Graham Field. the Gatks show a 1-3 mark after Touchberry turned in the Gators'i Three of the marks were set in their slowest start in several years. top pitching performance to date the high school division, two more! In an effort to find a more efas he limited the Hurricanes to b the freshman entrants and tte fective combination, Coach Fulthree hits, whie his teammates ftI ler named two new starters for picked up four runs on only two mark byr college rticipants. today's game. Jack Bailey will hits. Joel bhacolegwonatheipane-: start in right field and Bob GodMiami pitcher Jack Marnhout Je win will be stationed at second stopped the Gators on another twoRaybun Memorial Trophy for bepbase. hit showing in the seven-inning ing the day's outstanding athlete nightcap as the visitors recorded as he turned in a fine pertorThis leaves Jerry Bilyk behind a 4-3 win. mance, winning the high hurdles: the plate, Ben Ward at first base. Forida has four more road and tying his own record. taking Brad Tredinnick at short, Martm games, two each with Tennessee the broad jump, finishing second in Frady at third, Julian Byrd in and Georgia Tech, before rethe pole vault and tying for third left field, and Bob McAlpine in turning to Perry Field to meet place in the high jump.t center. NCAA runner-up Rollins on April I Continued on page Seven) r Fuller also named Burt Touch15, in the first of a home-andberry and Ed Davis for mound home weekend series. duties against the Bulldogys. Florida holds a 20-17 record over Georgia in all-time play between the two clubs. Last year the Gators defeated the current conference kings three out of four games. Last weekend, the f,r e s h m a n squad, under the coaching of Gene Gore, beat South Georgia College twice, 14-1 and 10-3, in Douglas, Blues Finish Out Springy Drill With Foothall Vctory Ga. "his afternoon at 3:30 on Perry Fleet -footed Jackie Simpson Field the frosh will entertain the wasn't enough for the Orange team Georgia nine in the first of two last Friday night, as the blue elevweekend contests. The second en won a close 21-29 decision over game will be played tomorrow at! its intra-squad rivals in the annual 2:30 p.m. spring game closing out the allotted The varsity won its first confer20 days of practice. ence start last Friday. downing 1 Simpson electrified the crowd of Georgia Tech, 11-3, but on Satur,6,500 when he took a pitchout from day the Engineers found the range quarterback Bobby Lance on the to win, 11-7, scoring 10 runs in game's first scrimmage play ann the first three innings. threaded his way 58 yards to the Catcher Jerry Bilyk and r-ight Blue end zone. Lance added the fielder Bob McAlpine were the big conversion. guns in the Florida victory. But the Blue unit squared things at 7-7 minutes later, marching 34 Miami linescores: yards in five plays with quarterback Jimmy Lindsay covering the First Game last 14. The junior signal -caller MIAMI HERALD columnist luther Evans brought forth muffled Miami 0 0 0 0 u0u0o 0a3s Floia 1 0 0 0 2 1 x0 42 1 chuckles in the press box last Friday night after the game when he Florida 1 0 0 0 2 1 x 4 2 1 questioned Coaca Bob Woodruff, "And how was Florida's defense?" Casoria. Petz and Weiss; TouchWith the final score 21-19, this wai like asing a coach how his offense berry and Bilyk. was in a scoreless deadlock. Second Game Stan Roberts. working the p.a. system in. the press box, also amused Miami 0 0 0 3 0 0 1 4 6 3 the writers when he described isa injury "Wesley was 'shook up' on Florida 2 0 0 1 0 0 0 3 2 4 that play." Later, Stan made a verbal apology with his emphaaNs Marnhout, Lindquist, Casoria and on "shaken up" when another player was "shook." Nugent; Manning, Larson a n d While ever yone was stunned with Jackie Simpson's opening 58-yard Bilyk. trot from scrimmage on the gAme's. first play, Coach Woodruff was on his way up to the press deck in the elevator and missed the whole MANY FIRSTS, NO TITLE thing. Near the end of the game, the Florida coach brought a lost In last year's Southeastern Conyoungster into the press deck and had an announcement made over ference track meet in Birmingthe public address system for Ihe child's father to meet him. All in ham, Florida took six first places. a night's work! yet finished third in the annual Midway through the contest, the aforementioned Evans mumbled league showdown. Winners were something about Florida "running all ov'r Miami next year." Sure Earl Poucher in the pole vault. -and then there's the -one about the guy who got his bubble gum !Jim Crosier in the 440. Bill Adams from a penny machine and stood around for half an hour waiting for in the mile, Archie Vickers in the the change. broad jump, Jim Smith in the low The Florida Relays program riext year will have some people guesshurdes and the quarter-mile relav mg when they look at the 10o v dash-iuiiversity class entry. Under team. The Gator thinclads also dthe caption "Florida Relays Rec"'d" will be three names --Bill Adams. ded three seconds and a third to Jackie Creel and Bumper 'arson--all t with .09.7 times. Under the their total. heading "1915 Winner will be one narne-Watson again--this time with a :09 5 clok king. It was rather disgusting that the adverse wind and weather conu:tions forced officials to eliminate the Florida flash's fast time, but he'll get another harice against some of the country's B finest sprinters in the Texas Relays toni:rrow. Maybe a record will fall, for sure, then. A very improved young diver should be the tag attached to Craig White. who finished in ninth and twelfth places in the three and onemeter diving events last week in Oxford. Ohio. The occasion was the NCAA championships-quite a step up the ladder for a boy who had his first taste of rugged collegiate competition in the 1954 Southeastern Conference meet. in which he finished fourth at both levels. White 24 HOUR was SEC king of the board this year. in addition to wrapping up the s::ue AAU tti. Only a unior. h e BocA Rat.n star should be among e cv.' r -var. ---------~ *E Short Order Complete F Complete L also kicked the point. Until late in the third period, it was still deadlocked before the Blue team got another drive underway moving 46 yards in nine maneuvers. Halfback John Burgess got the last 10 yards in two runs to score and Bill Bolton converted. Bob Visser put the Orange eleven bacit in business with a four -yard run earlyin the final stanza. but Bolton blocked Lance's PAT attempt. This set the stage for Simpson's 84-yard punt return seven minutes later. The shifty Miami halfback eluded the entire Blue defensive alignment to put his squad ahead, 19-14. The deciding points came witn 2:24 remaining wen Blue quarterback Jon May engineered a 53yard pass play to end Billy Avers Bolton added the 21st point to virtually wrap up the victory for the Blues. NATION EONETTE k SERVICE S rs Fountain Service ine of Magazines A~0 A ONE REASON why the Blue team won the annual spring football game last Friday, 21-19, over the Orange squad was John Burgess, who scored the Blues' second touchdown In the third quarter. Burgess will be a senfor In '55 and Is a three-year letterman for the Gators. second team honors-. Doug Sanders. Dave Ragan, Pat Schwab and Larry Moore were to be in the first group, with Jim McCov. Art Gleason. Jim Cameron and Frank Cain playing in the second foursome. Other schools entered in the meet are Florida State, Stetson. Rollins. Florida Southern and Mia fii. In last year's meeting, Sthwab won individual honors with a 221 under par total of 266 to lead 'te runner-ip b\17 strokes. Sanders anti Mo along with graduated 0---F .h. ., 'were members of TENNIS CO -CAPTAIN Bill Ilutcherson will lead the Gators into their eighth match of the %eason tomnorro%% afternoon when [Collins College invades. The Florida netters suffered their initial loNs on Tuiesday, a 94 shutout hy a strong Duke team. George sP I ner, Aeje jj~lljI. 1 Florida's winning first team in 54 Galor Diver Takes CO pland Nlinh C I i NfAA Annual Golf Tourney Draws College Field; Gators Defend Crown Outstanding players for the fresn,To Cagptain Craig White, Southeastern Conmen so far have been Dick Leslie ference champion in one andtihree.of Park Ridge, Ill., and Gordon McCoage Tea m Imeter diving. took 12th and 9th reCully of Ft. Lauderdale. spectively in those events last In last week's varsity matches, The University of Floridas basweekend i the annual NCAA the Gators downed Georgia Tech, ketball captain for the '55-56 sea8-1. on Friday and followed with son will be forward Ted Copeland ship at Oxford, ng championa 7-2 win over fax Navy in Jackof Jacksonville. Coach John Mauer sonville on Saturday. said this week. White was the only Florida repr aae rida swept five singles and Coach Mauer aso announced the awarding of varsity letters to seven players and a varsity manager and freshman numerals to nine players and a freshman manager. At the same time, he revealed that the Gators will hold 11 days ft practice this spring. beginning May 2 and ending May 14. The announcement came followresentative who >laced. Sprinter Don Read failed to qualify in either the 50 or 100 vd. freestyles and Capt. .oe Schaefer was unsuccessful in his bid for honors in the but-1 terflv and orthodox breast stroke races. three doubles matches in the Tecn meet, and five of the six single matches and two doubles battles in the meet against Jax Navy. On Tuesday. Duke's fine team ended the netters' winning streak at six with a shutout, 9-0 victory. The Florida divers total of 234.35 Duke results: ing a dinner for the 1955 players points fell 13.6 points shY of the at the home of Coach and Mrs. amount needed to enter the final Hettleman (D) d. Hires, 6-2, 8-6; Mauer. oRGreen iD) d. Kassatly, 6-3, 7-5; group of eight, Ronald Keenhold of'Shme D .Lean -,62 Next year's captain. Copeland, Lehigh took the eighth and lastchimelD d. LeCan 6-1. 6-2; hasig beenkatmemberhofFlorida's has been a member of Florida s qualifying spot with 247.95. Kopf Di d. Hutcherson, 6-1, 6-4: starting basketball team for the Beck ). Ingram, 6-2, 6-4; Mr. past two seasons. During that time Ohio State won the meet for the Cord (Df d. Marshall, 6-3. 2-6. 6-3. he has scored 366 points and has Second straight year, outdistancing grabbed 327 rebounds. deadlocked Yale and Michigan. Hettleman-Kopf d. Hires-KassalCopeland. who will be a senior who finished in a tie for second ly. 6-3, 6-3; Green-Beck d. LeCannnext season, played high schoolwIngram, 6-0,6-9, 6-0; Schimmelbasketball for Andrev Jackson of place with 51 points. The BuckMcCord d. Hutcherson-Heycek, 6-3, Jacksonville. He follows in the footeyes had 90 points. o-3 steps of last year's captain. Sonny Powell, who also played for Jackson. Varsity letter award winners are JON TYME -TAILORING guards: Bob Nims. Pensacola. Angie Greiner, St. Louis, Mo. and BETTER WORK -LOWER PRICES Powell; Center Lew Doss, Birming1S-ALTERATIONSham. Ala. and forwards: Bob Em' for Men Women rick, Ashland, Ky., Burt TouchPLENTY OF PARKING berry. Columbia, S. C. and Copeland. William Argo of Jacksonville _. won a varsity manager's letter. V0 Freshman Coach Jim McCachren recommended the awarding of numerals to guards: Joe Hobbs, Sher-:A .' idan, Ind Charles Pike, Miami. and Bernie Parrish, Gainesville; T Al centers: Wayne Williams. Miami Rufus Holloway, Leesburg, .nd Ken Seymour, Pensacola; and forwards: Jerry Henderson, Ashland. Ky., Ron Stokley, Summerfield. Ohio, and Leo Saunders, Braintree. Mass. Walter Miller, Jacksonville, received a freshman manager's numeral. EXPERT WATCH REPAIRING N\ ACTUALLY COSTS LESS! Because -the expert watchmaker has the right tool-a full stock of factory-part to fit your watch. He knows what's wrong, and he wvork fast a l l Q hs M Because h~s reputatIon cot the job right. the first t In our watch repairing f:ne daniond or an exquis pi es':g9 .repultitn .ln add ont cent of cost to the E;ery Watch We Guaranteed to Keep Ai mes first, he does time. aj in selecting a ite new wa'rn -edo not price tag. Repair is Lcecnrate Time Van Heusen Century soft collar.won't wrinkle ever This is the one with the soft "twist it, twirl it and it won't wrinkle ever" collar. Now in 5 collar styles. Lasts up to twice as long as ordinary shirts. Doesn't cost a sou more. $3.95. VAN H EUSEN Florida Netters Entertain Rollins Here Tomorrow By PAT PARRISH Gator Sports Writer Seeking to get back on the winning road. Florida's tennis team will play host to a tough Rollins sqtad tomorrow afternoon at 1 :30 on the local courts. The Gators will take a 6-1 season record into the meet with the via. itors, a team which has beaten Florida in each of the last tour <ampaigns Coak h Bill Potter probably wil start his usual leam again, with co-captains John Hires and 8:11 Hutcherson. Augie LeCann El Kassatly. Francis' Ingrain and Steve Marshall in singles, and .1 e Heyck replacing Marshall in doubles play to team with Hutcherson The Florida mentor said he was pleased with his squad's performance to date He stated, frne boys are plavirig well as a team." Potter conimented further by saytig that the Gators will get, a true test of their ability in tomorrow s w h arid against Miami and Louisiana State later in the season. The Floiia fNeshmen netters will go af:er their third straight win on Tuesday when they face Boll's Military School of Jacksonville The Gator frosh have beaten Bolles 6-1. and St Petersburg Jr. College, 6-1, earlier this year. Plan now to store yotw bicycle for the summer AT STREET'S for your I Alr Nblima--Miam I I I i I I I I 

PAGE 7

0 Florida Alligator, Friday, April 1, 1955-Page 7 Delta Chi Leads'ITEPs, Sigma Nuin SemislPh Sigs, PKP Mural Sketches-Blue Handballas InHandbaHandballPa#PlayBlue Finals Better Particiation I r-g an b l PaForfeits Prevail By LENNY HOLLANDER This Afternoon Astticipated SpoTrts Writer Anticip ted in This By STU BLUBERGOrange League handball competitionn, delayed for a day because Defending title holder Pi Kappa .of rain, opened Tuesday afterfloon. Play will continue through next Phi and Phi Sigma Kappa moved Gator Sports Writer week with the finals scheduled for Monday. into the Blue League golf finals Ier's pen House In a week that saw two firstOf the three matches listed lro -and will meet 'this afternoon to round forfeits and a protested Tuesday, only one was played, the Jimmy Newman registered the determine the champion. By HOWIE CRANE match between two teams, Delta others ending in forfeit wins. KapST intramural Editor. Chi moved into the semi-finals of f Snake singles point as he mvelGThesmatchwilbelaed at the BlueLeaue hndbll Sx oherpa Alpha forfeited to Tau Epsilon Blue League handball. Six other Phi and Alpha Tau Omega forfeitpast Pat Corrigan 21-9, 21-9. Jack Gainesville Country Club and will teams advanced to the quartered to Phi Kappa Tau. Binns and Larry Gautier (SN) a hePi eaps advanced into toity a Sigma Nu whipped Sigma Chi little trouble in defeating Bob day's match by beating Beta Theta AFTER WEEKS OF STRUGGILING with an activity-filled Universy Lambda Chi Alpha forfeited to by a 5-0 score. Highlighting the Menke and Carroll Peacock 21-6 Pi in the opening match. Zeta Tecalendar, Director of Recreation Stan Kantor has finally set therdate Phi Gamma Delta and Delta Sigma Snake cause were Jimmy Newman and 21-4. The Black and Gold duo ta Tau. and Sigma Phi Epsilon for the fifth annual Intramura Open House. It will be held Friday, Phi did the same to Phi Sigma and Terry Hodges. of Arty Braun and Duke Kropp Tuesday in the semi-finals. The Api 2 i h loiaGm n lr 1aPo. Kappa to start the week ndnedysatonTa pi April 22, in the Florida Gym and Florida POOIn Wednesday's action. Tau ps ended the affair by measuring Bob were never offered an serious op A Tuesday match between Beta Ion Phi and Sigma Nu moved into Beaty and Chuck Sheppard 21-6, position as they beat the Betas by In an effort to include as many students as Possible in the Open House Theta Pi and Chi Phi ended in; the top half semi-finals while Phil 21-5. 10 strokes and had the Zebes conprogram, Stan has scheduled participation ror six leagues, three recconfusion after It was tied at two! Delta Theta advanced in the botPhi Delta Theta took its place cede after three holes. reation groups and five clubs sponsored by the Intramurals Departpoints apiece. There is a protest tom bracket. in the quarter -finals as it shut In the semi-finals match. the i ment. In having a different fraternity. orority or independent group before Coach Cherry which will deThe TEPs used two quick sinout Kappa Sigma 3-0. Kaps were led by the shooting of play in each event, he has made a wise move. This will attract a cide if and when the deciding gamgles wins plus a doubles victory Then Parrish led things off with Jack Tucker who has been the bigger turnout to the Open House. es will played. to top Pi Kappa Alpha. Jerry Burns a 21-5, 21-12 win over Preacher spark of all three of their victories IDelta Chi won two stragnt whitewashed* Al Quinn 21-0, 21-0 Padago. The Blue and White comIspaos the of the vories. ties five sororities and six independent and dormimatches by beating Zeeta Beta and Jay Hoffman whipped Jim ho of Bob Burgess and Jim Mc36 and was matched by teammate Itor tems willrompete In seven different sports. In the case of the Tau and then Theta Chi. McRae 21-5, 21-10. Donnell scored the second point Bob Gloer who also has been a fraternities, an effort was made to have the winner of a sport in the Against the Zebes, Delta Chi Doubles men Jimmy Spector and by outscoring Jim Zinn an Orange League meet the winner of the same sport in the Blue League. won the three doubles contests to erry Hauser added the third point Whittaker 21-12. 21-11. tournament. Where It was impossible to do this because a team won more than one I take the match. In the affair with with a 21-1, 21-3 triumph. The Phi Delt towsome of Jim Third man on the team Pete spor, lastayear'swinners or the runners-up were substituted. Theta Chi, Delta Chi won two douAlthough dropping the number Trowbridge and Scott Ashby dropBarr wasn't too far behind as he bles and a singles to run out the one singles match. Sigma Nu came ped the curtain on the day s shot a 41. For the girls the same holds true With the winner of the Sorority match. Delta Chi is the only team back to capture the other singles activities by scoring a 21-12, 21! The SPEs couldn't get started Fau getting the winner of the Independent League. For the rest so far to advance into the semi. and a pair of doubles to over12 decision over Bridger Kurtou as Bebo. Colleen and Scott could t League niethhewirnhrpfinal-,come Sigma Alpha Epsilon. and Vince Cortina. seem to hit the greens with cof the men, the winner of the Independent League will meet the winner f din.ltaChithigreenowi Leading Delta Chi n its two curacy. Scott was low man for the of the East Dormitory League. matches were Shorty White, Tom ISCH EDULE CHANGE ANNOUNCED losers with a 46. He was followed X4 a l A%, a LIUV UfiPL hi, l A nK UN '.Ui~~J1~ 1 d.IU L~UU 0' In the recreation group, the Faculty-Employee League will play volleyball, the Co-Recreation League will play volleyball, table tennis .-A t.a All u r a g T.*n'ell will rlav table tennis and Maroldyv and Joh-n Stuimpe. Thne' latter two formed the top doubles team. Gators Meet G and sffleboardandihe An -11 shuffleboard. In another first round match,I shuflebord'Alpha Epsilon Pi stamped them-i In Jacksonville selves as the team to beat when The Fencing. Gymnastic, Judo and Weightlifting Clubs are giving they ran through Alpha Gammal Athletic Director Bob Woodru exhibitions in the gym while the Swim Fins have a short program Rho in five straight games. I Georgia Tech's Yellowjackets will m planned in the Florida Pool. There will also be an exhibition of a new All five games were well played yule in 1956. sport ,skish. in the pool. Under the direction of Coach Frank Philpott, with the singles a runaway and the The statement came after Tech's members of bait-casting classes in Physical Education will demonstrate three doubles matches very close. head coach Bobby Dodd made sevthis sport which tests an angler's accuracy with his rod. Leading players for the losers were' eral concessions so that the game Rex Thornhill and Doug Clemens, could be played. The Yellowjackets The outstanding event of the evening should be the basketball game the thiid doubles team. who this year defeated Arkansas in between Kappa Alpha, Orange League winners, and Beta Theta PiDrawing first round byes were the Cotton Bowl classic, will play victors in the Blue League. Another highlight will be the volleyball Sigma Phi Epsilon, Pi Kappa Phi here Sept. 24. match between Phi Delta Theta of the Orange League and Sigma Phi and Theta Chi. Handball action will In connection with the Georgia: Epsilon of the Blue. These two teams won the trophies only two weeks continue next week. Tech game in Jacksonville in 1956,: ago. it was also announced that Florida will visit Atlanta the following year In water basketball, Intramurals' most rugged sport, Tau Epsilon on Nov. 23. The Florida-Georgia Phi, last year's Orange League water basketball titlist, will take on U 0 F ACCeptS Tech series will be interrupted in, Kappa Sigma. In another aqua-match, Lambda Chi Alpha of the Blue 1958-59 because of conflicting dates. League will meet the Orange League's Phi Kappa Tau. It will be resumed in Gainesville, IT. hhIinf960andin tlata n 1l, Lea Other fraternity contests are planned in shuffleboard. The Indepen-I dent and Dormitory Leagues will play basketball and volleyball and the girls will compete in basketball, voileyball. badminton, shuffleboard and table tennis. The Open Housc will run from 7 p.m. to 10:30 p.m. There will bef four or five activities going on at all times, either on the gym floor,t In the basement, or in the Florida Pool. The entire Open House is free to all, and everyone is invited to attend. Put that date, April 22,1 somewhere where you won't forget it. It promises to be a wonderful show FORFEITS IN ORANGE LEAGUE For the first time in a long while, two forfeits were registered in the Orange League this week. They both came in handball. Both of these forfeits came from teams in the bottom half of the league. Perhaps this goes to substantiate our view that the bottom of the Orange League. should go towards the formation of a third league. When large houses such as these two forfeit games, it can only mean that they are no longer of Orange League calibre. LUCKY DROODLIESILOA WHAT'S THIS? For solution see paragraph below 0og 00c I o 0 0 o 0 0 o o o 0 0 o 0 0 0 eorgia Tech e in 1956 ff announced last Saturday that neet the Florida Gators in Jacksonington University fo Washington, D. C.I The Gators then meet Louisiana State University in Gainesville Oct.1 15, Kentucky at Lexington Oct. 22,! Georgia in Jacksonville Nov. 5, Tennessee in Gainesville Nov. 12,, Vanderbilt in Nashville Nov. 19 and! Miami in Miami Nov. 26. ([0---Newmanlub EASY FOLLOW-THROUGH equals good golf, or soI It seems for Jim Trezevant. %tar linksman for Sigma Alpha Epsilon. wihic.h will play the final match in the Orange Leaguthis afternoon against Sigma Chi on the Gainesville Country Club course. Trezevant fired a tuneup round of 39 for nine holes on Tuestday %hen SAE downed Sigma Nu in the semi-fina%. SGoAlf EsSigma hi In Gl Fin als Today Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Sigma Clii scored semvi-finals victories On the other side of the ledger on Tuesday to move into the final round of Orange League golf. Finals the Phi Sigs also didn't run intO are slated for this afternoon at the Gainesville Country Club. much opposition as they went The final round will be an 18 through three straight opponents. hee In their opening match they beatI hole contest whereas al of the a H Lambda Chi Alpha and then swamtourney matches were nne hole ped Chi Phi by 22 strokes. I'ne affairs. Continued from Page Sixi semi-final against Delta Chi was SAE, last year's g01f tltllsts, nearly the same type of match. ,sAd t tri ar's J ol titlist. Records were set in the high For the Phi Sigs, Jim Donelly used the trio of JIM rezeant. school high hurdles. broad jump shot 48, Herb Welber shot 58 ana Grayson Miller and Bob Hendricksand mile run freshmen sprint Sherman Boss shot 61. to defeat Sigma Nu by six strokes. medley and mile relavs. The scores were close as Auc-1 camp of Delta Chi shot 56 and I Trezevant and Mille both fired 3 Florida received f ie points cacn Harry Black came in with M. 1ut while Hendricks had a nine hole for Watson's and Poucher svicWeils shot a 75 and that was the total of 42. tories, and one niore for the iR!match and a finals berth for hi ter's performance in the broad Sigma Kappa. Low score of the match. howjump. The Gators also took third -.ever, belongs to Snake Bob Lafferplace in the distance medley rety who shot a 38. Rounding out. lay. fourth spot in the quarterBracken IS the Sigma Nu threesome were Tom! relay ythe mile relaY. SDorts Vet I~~ ~ ~ U UeA Y in 1960 and in Atlanta in 1961. ILeadIin Independent In other scheduling announce-1 1940 Meet NextWinter, ments, Woodruff said the FloridaRice game. originally set for Oct. !League Softball Play Golf Coach Andy Bracken has The University of Florida basket13. 1956, will be played in GainesIthe distinction of being the only ball team last week became the! ville instead of Jacksonville as had By STAN ROSENBLATT member of the Gators coaching first team to accept a bid to the been planned. Gator Sports Writer :staff in all sports to graduate from third annual All -American City Other Southeastern Conference d teftrted Georgia the University of Florida. Basketball Tournament to be held, opponents on Florida's 1956 schedSeagle Hall in the Independent Lea9Bracken entered the Universi'v in the Owensboro. Ky., Sportscenter ule are Kentucky, Louisiana State. gue's only softball contest this in 1940 and played three years ol Dec. 28-31. Auburn and Georgia. Dates and week by a score of 13-9. Other football and four years of baseball. 1 o c a t i o n s for these remaining 1 games were called because of rain Drn i eiryah at The Gators replace Mississippi games will be announced followon Modday. tamed the baseba team. He as as the SEC representative to the t' otalqatrak tourney. Maryland is the defending ing the SEC schedule meeting next cThe Miamians forfeited their a fotbraequarterba.ndergraduJanuary. scheduled game to the Kadets by Afethc er-ofndgrli champion. Iaewr tFoia rce n Next years grid schedule opensthe customary 9-0 acore in the leaate work at Florida. Bracken enThe teaexwilyear'sbgribe mad'd11 results.tered the Air Force, serving Lre The team will probably be made' with the Gators meeting Mississippi gue's only other softball results. tnd th ye, sei thi'ee up of varsity men Bob EmricK State here Sept. 17. After the Tech Diamond action continues next aid a half years as a bomber Lewv Doss. Ted Copeland and Bob'lsh h ta taeStoAbr week with the finals scheduled for Pilot. NiDs. The fifth man d ud b elash, the team travels to Auburn Monday or Tuesday. Returning to the University in Nim. Te ift ma culdi be Joe for an Oct. I meeting with the Thietiitr-GogaSa 1946, he completed work for a The Westininister -Georgia Sea-146 he cmltdwr fra Hobbs, the freshman standout from Tigers. 10 Oct. 8 they journey tos' Sheridan. Ind. IJcsniltofcGereWh-I gle contest got off to a quick bachelor's degree in ph\'sral edii hr n nJk v ta G W -start with Westminister scoring secation, and then added a master's yen times during the first two inndegree in the same field. ings. In addition to being golf coach. Georgia Seagle fought back with Bracken holds a teaching position a nine-run outburst during the last at the rank of assistant professor in two rams bu cold nt oer-the College of Physical Education DS OT LAUGHS0 to rms u-oudnt vr tome the six-run cushion provided and Health. by Westminister's big bats. Since he began coarhyng the golfWing was the game's winning ers in the spring of 1953, they have pitcher while Egell was charged won 18 matches while dropping with the defeat chalked up against ony three and tying one. The GatSSeagle.or linksmen have won the stath Tegegame was highlighted by intercollegiate title for the last two two home runs one off ,he bat of years and are seeking their tni1 losers' Almen. The other was hit straight win in Miami this weekby Westminister's Shulty. the end. team's chief source of power. He-contributed two boomIng doubles Leon-Hollander DuoCops in addition to his four-bagger. Duo s iSeagles Hyers had tiv'o hits inCoRcetnNtTte SealesHyes ad wo itsin The duo of Anita Leon 'and 1'entwo official trips to the plate but Westmininsters well balanced and ny Hollander last week became the contestant batting attack AccouintCo-Recreation tennis champions Dy ed for the margin of victory. defeating Shyra Giller and "Rip' Cooperative Living Organization Richman in the finals continues to pace the Independent The score was 6-2. 2-6. 6-3. -League and is currently leading The Co-Recreation League. under bracket two in softball with a 3-0 the direction of Norm Kapnei' is record. The Newman Club is bra, urrently playing volleyball. It will r ket one's current pace-setter with begin shuffleboard action next a 4-0 slate. week. __T -KM-M AM 0 0 0 a a 0 S a S 0 0 0 S 0 0 0 0 SMALL 4M .ucwMuROM@ OU@111 WINDOW PJmrrw Mido-Monnet Lehi g University ---...-.: ---* .: -*-*.: LAN PUi S GT PlATS WALKE PLANE B"nest Goroope University of Hawaii STUDENTS! EARN $25. Lucky Droodles* are pouring in! Where are yours? We pay $25 for all we use, and for many we don't use. So send every original Droodle in your noodle, with its descriptive title, to Lucky Droodle, P. 0. Box 67, New York 46. N. Y. ODROODI KS. (.yItht ig5i by RogerwPi-. *0 0, 0 C 'GA R E T T E S -'>r~ TOA TET? NO MATTER WHERE YOU ARE, you'll get more pleasure from your cigarette if it's a Lucky Strike. That's the point of the Droodle above, titled: Three deep-sea divers enjoyirig Luckies. You get deep-down smoking enjoyment from Luckies because they taste better. Why do they taste better? That's easy to fathom. First of all, Lucky Strike means fine tobacco. Then, that tobacco is toasted to taste better. "It's Toasted"-the OFFICIAL (L ASS RING ORDER NOW FROM Campus Shop m m U with 44. Sigma Ti registered a 23 stroke win over Phi Kappa Tau. For the Sigma Chis. Warren Witshire matched par with a 36. Hae Bourgh went one over par and Dave Weeks came home in 42. Combinig their talents for the Phi Taus wcre iDi k Setornian .V, Bill Daniel 46 and Ron Pe Santis 47. SAIL BOAT AND TRAILER PERFECT CONDITION WINDMILL CLASS X600.00 NEW SACRIFICE $400 both Phone 884 Evening because my suits are always spai klm;. clean and expertly pressed at the S&S Cleaners 508 SW 3rd Street PHONE 2-4184 .4 ANY WAY YOU LOOK AT IT! You Can't Beat The Delicious, Tempting Dinners and Sandwiches at the SOUTHERN SMOKE HOUSE Rp;; Hickorv Smoked Bar-B-C I MEL m l E) b y Coleen's 471 anl tsn'8. I I I I 

PAGE 8

Used Book Sale' Today, Tomorrow The third annual used book sale co-sponsored by the Florida libraries and the Campus BooF store will be held today and tomorrow at the Student Service Center. Operating from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and from 9 a.m. to 12 noon Saturday, the sale will offer over 1,500 books and periodicals prices ranging from five cents to a dollar, with a few select volumes slightly higher A table of free pamphlets and some magazines will also be available., The sale has become an annual affair on the campus and serves a double purpose. The libraries are able to clear their shelves of duplicate und discarded volumes an] the public is given an opportunity to purchase many hard-to-find books at greatly reduced prices. As an example of the values offered, fiction and non-fiction boolts from the library's past-time collection will be sold for 25 cents each. Back issues of such periodicals as the National Geographic and important pamphlets also will be sold. Texts covering nearly every field will be included, and many complete sets are among items offered at the sale, along with works of special signif icance. New books will be added continually throughout both days. This will make it possible for anyone to stop at the tables during the entire time of the sale and find additiorial books on display. McClure ELECTION RETURNS pour into the Florida Alligator election party Tuesday night as throngs jammed Florida Union to hear the latest political results. Above, Dan Hackel and Don Bacon are broadcasting the newspaper-sponsored program over station WGGG while Gator News Editor Becky Greer tabulates returns on the blackboard. Over 300 people were in Bryan Lounge to hear the pro. gram and get first-hand results of the spring vote. (Gator Photo by Fred Ward.) Florida Museum To Work On Olustee Park Displays The Florida State Museum is forms, flags and related objects helping in the construction of a that were used. new historical museum, to be 10Federal troops and Confederate cated near Lake City. soldiers, mostly drawn from Georgta and Florida, fought in the open Plans for the new museum atps Olusee attefild onuentPa; pine woods three miles east ot Olustee Battlefield Monument kPa:ROlustee on Feb. 20, 184. The were announced by Dr. Arnold 6. e hand -fought battle resulted in the Grobman, Director of the Ilorid> rout of Federal troops, who reState Museum, which will co-! operate with the Florida Park Service in preparing the displays. The exhibitions now being constructed will portray the "Battle of Olustee", also known as the "Battle of Ocean Pond", which was the most important engagement in Florida during the Civil WarThey will tell the story of how and why the battle was fought and will show a election of swords. canteens, bullets, documents. uniI By SUE REECE ham dresses are of heavenly hues Coeds, don't overlook the stunnso Eastery you would swear the ing new assortment of Spring styles Bunny himself dyed them. New RUDDY'S is showing. You'll make spring notes to complete your EasRUDDYS isshowng. ou 1 ma I ter outfits are the billow crenoan indellible impression in the o Easter Parade with a flower-fresn lines in white or your choice pasdress in your favorite material and tel. Frankel's, your store for fashstyle. Their gay collections of cotion for Easter Charm, is open tons, as light and frothy as afterWednesday for your convince to noon clouds, are available in solid: floors and dainty prints. Blouses, are the coolest thing for sleeves and'sleeveless blouses in window cheoks. polka dots, stripes and solid colors are perfect forj your day of sun and fun. To add a colorful note to the Easter Parade see FRANKEL'S per-' fectly styled dresses and suits. The bewitching, beguiling, gingBrown Jug Contest Deadline Extended; Compete April 19. The preliminary competition for the Little Brown Jug contest, sponsored by the Men's Glee Club, win, be held on April 19. The last dcv to make application nas been extended from today to next ThurFday. Any quartet, representing any student organization, will be eligi ble, provided that all members oi the quartet are full time male students of the University. For further informintion. contact Al Hovey. telephone 5903; or Norrman Abelson. Room 126, Building R_ choice o fstoner s avoid the present Easter Rusn. Oil Paintings b Displayed at H Arthur Osver, noted AmericanI painter who is serving as a viSit. ing artist at the Unversity, and his wife, Ernestine Betsberg. wit exhibit thirteen of thoir oil pamtings in the Student Service Center art gallery today through April 19. Before coming to the University in September, when Oster was appointed as a visiting artist for the 1954-55 academic year, Mr. and Mrs. Osver had spent two years in Rome where he painted under a Prix de Rome. The paintings to be exhibited by! Osver were done during the last: five yvars in Rome and this country and cover architectural sub-, jects ranging from the Romani Forum to a painting of a gas tank. Mrs. Osver's paintings are all of Italian subjects, some completed in Italy and some in Florida. Osver, who has painted in New York for the past eleven years. re ceied a BA degree from the Art InstituteP of Chicago and later taught there and at the Brooklyn II IselTIm of Art. His paintings have appeared in leading exhibitions througnout the country. In New York he has hact eight one-lman shows at the Grand Central Galleries and has had worK exhibited at the Metropolitan Museum, Whitney Museum. and Brooklyn Museum. Before going to Italy he held a Guggenheim k ellowship for two years. Mrs. Osver also attended the Art Institute" of Chicago and studied painting tinder Boris Anisfeld. Upon her graduation she received the Anna Louis Traveling Fellowship and spent a year traveling and painting in Europe, mainly France While in France she married Osver an Vev returned to Chicago. then to New York, where she painted unt;1 she and her husxand wen, to Ita'V in 1952. She has had paintings exhibited in imn,.sin .nfin .0 qnd. .ion i Vote by Precinct in Contested Offices IIs -C I0.t .0 '0 n~ ~ ~ 0 ''3 ;E .0 C 2 0 ~ 0 22 C .0 C 0 0 C C C C C 161 1? 61 S9 10 53 38 569 262 77 76 120 181 124 5 46 119 11 m 45 594 152 612 67 V!3 130 167 10 A 66 9 53 34 6V0 : x 39 9 110 n 112 4 45 99 12 AO 48 529 80 556 51i 117 122 10 32 5 50 II 8 10 11 5 9 6 10 3 61 71 61 60 39 62 61 69 35 75 10 62 35 480 74 9 65 45 603 75 12 66 39 93 i 71 55 95 I 82 49 92 15 79 46 68 8 69 32 96 96 65 14 10 15 7 72 66 57 Seminole Business Manager: Hendry 16 162 10 3 8 10 48 McBath 32 96 1 36 53 6 fig Amendments: No. 1: For 25 19 10 33 98 10 % Against 4 35 0 9 19 1 16 No. 2: For 22 187 A 26 84 9 SiO Against 3 37 1 14 23 2 15 No. 3: For Against 22 182 8 29 81 10 46 3 43 1i11 25 2 19 506 635 656 554 53:> 174 254 315 318 167 treated eastward toward Jacksonville. Thus the attempt to sever the life -line of food flowing from Florida to Confederate forces fighting further north was defeated. Museum officials have requestel that anyone having materials in their possession that came from this period please make them available for the displays. Acknowledgements will be made in the exhibit cases to those who have supplied the objects. Page 8-Florida Alligator, Friday, April 1, 1955 THE FLORIDA STUDENT SPEAKS Aft m Aft m m Takes Early Lead to Win Student Presidency (Continued from page ONE)I (F) 899, Norman Wyckoff iF) S88,I Bob Nims. 2.710; Secretary, Huand Leo Smith iFi 771 won over bert Martin 2,650; and members, Eddie Heller 743. Hank Aldredge Steve Delatorre 2.969. and Wes Lar-; 678. and Gretchen Ehrmiann 576.p n o s O s t son 2,618. Buddy Jones received 1 Journalism. Cal rerrv (F 45 won write -in vote for Vice President over Ruth Harmon 35: Law, Don Seminole -Editor. Pete, Kinsey Hunter 99 and Stu Gilman 84, won (F) 2,790. Business 'Manager, Bob over Jerry Crockett IF) 68 anrl Hendry IF) 2.315 won over Don Louie AdCock (Fi 59; Forestry, McBath 1,640. Charlee Barnes 9 won over Van Orange PeelEditor. Joan Wit-1 Stewart (F) 8: Physical Educaliamson f Fj 2.794. Business %Mana. tion. Jim Crosier 21; 1Pharmacys M a i ger. Howie Crane I F 1 2.703. Fred Ossi 47 won over Dick Hill Honor Court -Agriculture, Bill IF) 24. Bv BECKY GREER publicity for the university on the Alsmeyer iFi 70 won over Tom Sophomore. Bi1l Rober-son i Gator News EdItor state, national, and trternatrional Rowand 59: Architecture. bill!. Jim Boozel F> 774 Dict levels. Hunter FI 78: Arts and Sciences. i 777. Sy-bil Barnet iFi FloridaStudentsseem t ave Nancy Crump --ArngHelen Manuel Menenez tl-'t 786 Jackvaried suggest ions a-, to wnat Nae rnp-l. rig Helen Bangert 'F) 191; EngineerManueltenendezF 786Jac s ri tak' ton, Va. -He should employ F ing, John Yocum 189; Business AdBartlett iF i807, Karl Wt'kstromnsoldhe e eidetofhUn ver -more extensive liberal arts'pro. mistration Jim Bryant F 213; ( F 7 Ed Williams of the new president of the Univerm n e r t Carrtof1 dFloliida.) igramt and get rid of the "C Freshmen. Bruce Anderson iF2) and Dan Msee F 790 it of Florida. 901 and Bettv Allen iF) 954 won Opinions were diverse. but the Nick Pollizzi -IUC -Coral over Dick Workinger 499: Physical:Fifteen Take Union Tour things mentioned most frequently Gables -To get appropriations oeDckon rger 499:e PsalrW sCj were the improvement of the aca1r the new buildings that are so won oVer Bill AdaOs:LPhoast demi standards of the umversit' bRdly needed on this campus, and won verBil Adms: har an th secrin ofappopriations macy. Ted Burkett( write -in 44 Fifteen persons. including stuand the securing of appi to get rid of the teiporariez. He won over Al Ventrella IFi 35; Law, dents from Turkey. China. Fhaito construct some of the nat1iy should also be sure to establish Don Castor iFi 107: Sophomore. land, and Cuba. went on the Fhorneeded buildings on the campus good administrative student reClaude Allen (IF) 810 and Walt da Union Social Board s overnight he question this wk wab : lationship. Mattsoni Fi 807; Education, Charouting to Sarasota. St. Petersburg, W'hat do you think should be the Tom Byrd --AS -Pt. LauMattson (Fs07: Educationn, Char. and Tampa last weekend. major undertaking of the new presderdale -First to continue the lie Atwell fwrite-in) 3. The group left the (anipus early e progressive program instituted by Executive Council -Agriculture. Saturday v morning by G reynounir Dan Meserve -2UCrthe late Dr J. Hills Miller. This Paul Fleming IF, 71 and Lawbus, and returned here at 11 39 'n'e S. I'. r(, et miore lunds would include improving the siarrence Shatkleford 79 won over' Jim Sunday night. tor t he building of more dormi sof the various faculty p sitions Sloan i F) 65 and Mare Paley 23: A big league baseball gane tmies and classrooms, Also. to roso we could attract outstanding Architecture Carroll Peacock ( P')schedulled for Saturdav atternoon operate with student government ,duators 73 and Joe E vans iFi 55 won over in St. Petersburg was raied oiu for the advancement of the stuLarry Marks 37 and Karen Norand the group toured the Sunken Maopy -To roster better reman 28; Business Administration, Gardens and Craft Village there InMary E. North 4ED -Coral ,ltions between the Students an John McMillan (F) 218. Rod Anstead. The outing also included i Gables Establish a rapport. authorities of the u adversity. a derson iF) 196, and Wade Buff trip to Lido Beach, sightseeing :n :diplomitically with the variousainthg tes the iin st s (Fi 189 won over Dave McNulty Ybor City and Tanipa, and a con. stitutions of the U. S. in the role n rightethe reignsso to sprea Grv l utdIr o and pr-omote more effeCtive diSCI134; Education, Pearce Grove (F) ducted tour of the Ringling Art(f Educator, not politican. He pnary measures n dealig with 94,Carl Caigi~i57.(ThriNe Msoumn in Sarasota. should also tighten the reigns on studeitse P8 nd-a e M Chaperons for the trip were Miss 1strilnt behavior by taking disnlor IF) 69 won over Jennings Argo Jean Allen of the Florida 'mon cipinarv measures whenever the EU jeenkins -2-W.St. Peters. SLarry Scott 190 Staff and Dr. Robert J. Vilece need arises year p Tcnbegin todexpand the and William Bayliss 185: .professor in Hort1iti1ltire Karl Wickstromn -21C -Rock Dr Miller in order that the uiArts and Sciences. Nora Flynn--------Ilnd. Ill.,.I feel that the new rer'sitv mar (F) 191, Dave Kelly F, 188, Henry Lab Play Tryouts Today president should devote his princim b prepared to acOppenborn (F)i 185 and Gil Sears ple efforts to the maintenence anti ceptath e amiretsenineoIFi 184; Freshman, Herb GonzaTry -outs for three Laboratory improvement of Florida's academ-, ment and be abt to continue o lez IF) 869. Alice Allen (F) 907, Theatre plays will be held this atic standards. including the cirricuserve this growing state. Bob Shaffer (Fi 754, Riley Brice ternoon at 330. The one -a' lunm. faculty, ani facilities. IF1 875, Clyde Wells F) 862, Murplays, "Hope is the Thing With Saadallah Habbaba 3EGA 356 -ray Williams iFi 901. Bob Paterno' 2176 -----------x Committee Wants 1900 545 82 93 118 1999 741 56 131 131 12259 671 783 M31 801 594) I5 581 276 786 50 556 284 704 47 "9 :2 1i 27 36 455 127 312 139 548 267 101 34 448 111 498 51 373 137 ,21 i11 183 55 179 144 :31 119 41A i12 198 69 190 44 319 109 410 11 219 65 220 Faculty Survey Oln Honor Svsdem 69 110 150 22031 VINU EWEEWE U1.0EWUUE 83 132 19:t2670iA faculty survey to determine ) 132 172 ;737 85 141 178 2703 the effectiveness of the Florida ho58 IN) 125 1947 nor system will be recommended as a counterpart to the student 99 120 191 2s63 survey now in progress, according 67 107 187 2367o pr 88 1:o o7 to Gene LeGette, evaluation com53 106 123 1722 mittee chairman. LeGette stated that question69 111 176 2:15 aires recently completed by nearly 40 89 124 1640 40 81 2,000 students were sent to the Statistical Laboratory this week, .7 123 1.1 1 8IN2' 10 29 30 624 and that as soon as they were cate-gorized, the committee would in48 1017 JigK 1531' 14 38 5 644 terpret the results and make any .---necessary recommendat ions. 53 104 111 15M The committee is scheduled to 13 42 45 722T % HERE ARE PRECINCT voting reports from Honor Court files in Tuesday's spring election. Only contested all-campus offices are listed. Precincts are compiled across the page. Amendment No. I called for taking selection of Seminole and Orange Peel officers out of spring elections. Amendment No. 2 put the selection of Seminole officers in the hands of an Electoral Board. Amendment No. 3 did the same for the Orange Peel officers. Total vote is at the right. A artist O s e Finance Group Forms, y Asver Officers Elected Iub Bookstore A Finance Association was organized last month by students in ment table. Miss Agnes Borgia is the College of Business Administrain charge of arrangements for the tion in the hopes of furthering inreception. terest in that field. Students, faculty, and GainesOfficers of the new association ville residents are invited to atare: Robert T. Frampton, presitend the reception and to view the dent: William Copeland. secretary, exhibition. and Ronald Banks. treasurer. 3rd Annual USED BOOK SALE APRIL 1, 9 a.m. -5 p.m. APRIL 2. 9 a.m. -Noon Prices Begin with 5c AT STUDENT SERVICE CENTER Sponsored Jointy by University Library and Campus Book Store ROYAL CLEANERS Cor. of 10th St. & N.W. 5th Ave. Phone 3131 1 DAY SERVICE AT NO EXTRA CHARGE In at 9, out at 5 CASH AND CARRY ONLY Feathers," directed by W. Terry ; Rogers; "Riders to the Sea.' di-! rected by ld Amor: and "The Wonder Hat,'' will be presented April 21 and 22. chorus in gee! Cheers greet the man in an AFTER SIXTux. Symphony of styling-concerto in comfort! New high note in spot-resistance: stain-shy finish!" Enjoy nocturnes more -go meet this afternoon at 3:30 in Dean Boldt's office to discuss developments thus far. Aiding LeGette in the survey are Helen Bangert. Jackie Goldman and Steve Hudson. Aleppo, Syria To increase .-4$">7 & I CHESTERFIELD You'll SMILE your approval of Chesterfield's smoothnessmildness-refreshing taste. President: McClure 16 Frye 53 Vice-President: Davenport 25 Pouch'r 3A Clerk: Byrd 26 137 Beardsley 34 134 Lyceum Council: Breidenbach 24 159 Leff 30 179 Mecollough 26 191 Mims 33 178 Lewis 33 113 Board of Student Publications: Jones -29 184 Lynch 28 154 Wyman V 179 Kogler 28 108 Coed Corner Chicago College of ~OPTOMETRY Serving an ttractive Proleuion Ato of Optometry DEGREE IN THREE YEARS Profeusaonal Recognition by U.S. Dept. of Def. and Se. Servaie. Two Large Eye Clinics University Env' onment. New Dorms ad Apartments o large adjoining 1. I.T. CamnW Your Liberal Art Credit Ap. plaWe rEntranc-(60Seneter Credits an Spec~ied Comsm.) CHICAGO COLLEGE .a OPTOMETRY 3M South KMichgan Av.nm. Technology Center, Chicago 1S, IN. CHOICE Steaks, Chops, Fried Shrimp & Chicken REGULAR DINNERS priced from .85 to $1.75 BUSINESS LUNCHEON 65c Delicious Cold Plates and Home Made Salads Phone 742S for Reservation ALFORD'S Tower House 210 E. University Ave. Rec'wmmended by: DUNCAN HINES "Adventures in Good Eating" AN EQUITABLE SPECIAL THE ADJUSTABLE WHOLE LIFE POLICY Age 22 -$10,000 ANNUAL PREMIUM $161.70 I .n. 
