
PAGE 1

The Independent Florida gator pi~og'sh.d by Lonipus Ccmmuncoton, Inc Go.n.tvill., Fkr.do No, officially os.oc'ot.d w~I4~ h* Univ.ru$y of Florido MONDAY FEB. 10, 1975 VOL. 67 NO.78 Cheating t By STUART EMMUICH Alligator Staff Writ., A preliminary injunction issued in a Gainesville circuit court Friday has temporarily halted all UF Honor Court hearings dealing with alleged widespread cheating on College of Business Administration tall exams. The injunction was issued by Circuit Judge RA. Green and was requested jointly by *e Alligator and the Gainesville Sun. An identical petition was also filed by Judy Collns. a UF law student, Bill Cassel, another law student and a prosecutor in the Honor Court, helped Collins do the legal research and tile her petition. Cassel said Collin's name was the only one or the petition because of tactical reasons but refused further comment. ALThOUGH liE IS a prosecutor in the Honor Court, Cassel emphasized that he has not been working on any part of the cheatinE investigation. Judge Green will hear arguments Tuesday afternoon on whether a permanent injunction should be issued prohibiting all future closed Honor Court hearings. Summons were delivered by the Alachua County Sheriffs Department Friday afternoon to UF President Robert C. Marston. Honor Court Chancellor Robert Harris, Vice Chancellor Vicki Jay, Atty Gen. Paul Marnish and Chief Defense Counsel Byron Petersen. The summon% order them to appear before Green Tuesday. Marston .after receiving the summons, said the next step was to "get the University lawyer to read this and advise me what to do." ASKED IF 'TIlE SECRET Honor Court hcarinRs cciv rials halted Ilicted ~ith Marston's cIarn~ of running an open admin.straton he replied, We're going to flid t~t out when we appear hefbre the judge he Honor Court has been ijerat ing under a Board ol Regents policy mandating the secrecy ot students records and prohibiting the release ot the names of the students charged and convicted of Honor Court offenses. Prcs% and public have heen excluded from all hearings concerning the present cheating InvestigatIon which Honor Court c~friciaIs hive predicted will probabi) ,,vogve 2(U business, students. THE INJUNCTION WAS REQUESTED on the legal grounds that the wcre~ hearings violated Florida's Govern nient in the Sunshine law. The law stares 'All meetings ol any hoard or cornivission. at which official acts are lobe taken are declared to be public meetings open to the public at all times.' Attorney Larry Turner. who argued the case for the petitioners pointed out Friday the Honor Court is an advisory board to the UP president and an opinion by Atty. Gen. Robert Shevin stated that all such advisory boards arc covered by the Sunshine Law. The petition requests that all action concerning the cheating investigation be declared null and void if the judge decides that the hearings were held in violation of the Sunshine Law. But Turner said there was a possibility that all past actions done in secret by the Honor Court might be overturned by the udge. MARSTON GETS SUMMONS "I don't really know, but actions of one or two years ago (See 'Injunction.' page four) OJTSIDE 80101 COURT plo1o by chip hi,. deputy muss summonsto Honor Court Cbancell& Harris Freshman drowns in sinkhole Ujion MORAN AUgUst Staff wa. Charles Darone. a UP freshman ftom North Miami. drowned Saturday in a diving accident at the "Blue Sink." a spring 14 mIle northwest of Ocala. according to Marion County Sheriffs Corporal C.RProctor. Proctor said Barone's body was recovered from the 264foot sinkhde at 8:30 p.m. by a diving expert from Orlando. U SHERIFFS OFFICE was notified of BaronCs disappearance by Louis Brasovan. another UF freshman who was diving with Barone. according to Proctor. Proctor said Brasovmn told investigating officers he and Barone stared diving around noon and ran out of air while in the spring. Although Brasovan .as suffering from the bends' after escaping from the spring, hens able to reach a house nearby and call the sheriffs department shortly after 2 p.m. according to Proctor. 3RASOVAN COULD NOT BE REACHED for comment. Proctor said divers not trained in proper techniques of diving in deep water may use as much as ten times morE air than expected. causingarapid depletion of airsupplies. Who, a diver is faced with such a situation, Proctor said. he may panic and attempt to surface quickly, causing the bends." THE "BLUE SINK," the deepest sink in Florida. is used by the U-S. Navy for deep diving training. Proctor said. Investigation of the accident is continuing, according to Proctor. to determine the exact cause of Barone's death Proctor said the investigation niav bc tunipleted tuday. hearing set forlusadoy Mars ton talks to Iegis lators By KAREN MEYER Alligator Staff Writer UF President RobertO. Marston is testifying today before the Florida House of Representatives education committee hearings in Tallahassee. The education committee, composed of several committees. is conducting an evaluation of all facets of education.' according to Gainesville's Board of Regents member Jack Mccriff. AMONG THE TOPICS of the hearings is the authority of the regents in granting tuition increases. State Rep. Sidney Martin, D-Hawthorne. has filed a bill that would prevent further tuition Increases without legislative approval. The regents submitted a tuition increase last year which became law when the spring session of the Florida Legislature l~iled to act on it. STUDENT DODY PRESIDENT Steve Menyday filed suit against the regents, but lost. The statute in question reads, the legislature must approve, alter .amend or change. the schedule of fees submitted by the regents. Merryday said. HOWEVER, seventh district Circuit Court Judge E.L Eastmoore interpreted the statute to mean that a f.iIure of the legislature to disapprove a tuition hike is the same as an approvalMartins bill provides that upon failure of the legislature to act on a fee increase, current tuition rates an retained. Regent McGriff said. "If he (Martin) wants to put in a tuition bill, that's fine, but then should be sOme soet of t~llback position." Meflriff was concerned that If antsdpated fluids frow a tuition increase were eliminated by the legIslature's disapproval or failure to ad. there is no provision to cover 'tvemue loss. MeGRIFF SAID he favored a clearer definition of regents authority. As much as possible we need to get clew-cs lines as to ~ho does what." he said. State University System Chancellor Robert B. Mautz will also be appearing before the committee today. Although Mautz could not be reached for comment. Mccriff said Mautz would be presentingthebudget to "bring them (the committee~ up to date" on florida's nine state universities. phot by .fle .*lr. 

PAGE 2

Ng. 2, Th. lnd.p.nd.nt Roddo Ailigetor Mondoy F.kuuu.ry '0 975 United States support' South Vietnam "WHILE CONTINUITY in Cambodia and 'IC h.Rh le~ek of group icut aid Congress ioi asks Ford tc for Cam bod WASHINCION lUll) -h members of Congress Iron~ both parties asked President Ford Sunday to stop all aid to Cambodia and South Vietnam This is no time to start an acrimonious national debate on Indoch. 'a. they said. nor is it a time tbr a new confrontation between Congress and Ford when other matters are "lore pressing. FORD, IN an interview with the Chicago Tib.jne Saturday, said he would be willing to pledge an end to Indochina aid in three years if Congress would supportthe countries of the area fully in the interim. The legislators. 74 Democrats and ~ Republicans. heloni~ to members of Congress Ibr Peace through law Headed by Sen. Dick Clark. D-Iowa. Ihey ~ork together on issues of foreign Aid and defense policy. They told Ford in a letter they are willing to start a dialogue tin the means of phasing out American assistance may perhaps prolorw iv lilt of the incumbent South Vietnamese and Cambodian governments, we can 'ec no humanitarian or national Interesi hji ustifies the cost of this assistance to Our Country. the lawmakers said Neither keeping up nor cutting off aid to that area will bring peace by itself. they argued. Another prolonged disagreement o'er events in Vietnam and our policy there may well lead to acrimonious accusations over who lost Indochina' the letter said. Senate signers were Democrats Clark James Ab~wretk and George S. McGovern 'I Sou~I, Dakota. Alan Cranston and Jo),,' Tunney of California. Pbilip A. hart ol Michigan. Floyd Haskell of Colorado, William D. Hathaway of Main. Adli F Stevenson of Illinois. Harrison Williams Jr. ol New Jerscy. and Hubert H. Humphrey ol Minnesota. a I onj~ with Republican Sen Mark 0. Hatfield of Oregon Demos near unveiling own plan WASHING ION UPI) -Congressional Democrats are almost ready unveil their own energy program including a proposal for discouraging gasoline consumption without raising its price. Rep Henry S Reuss said Sunday. IRA restores cease fire for Britain Ireland DUBLIN tUPI) -Ihe outlawed Irish Republican Ainiy aiinounced Sunday night it will restore a cease-fire in Britain and Northern Ireland effect,'e from 6 p.m Monday In a briel .wnouncen~enu. the IRA said in view ot discussions which had taketi place between its political envoys and British ~,t1kals an ethctivc arrangement had been reached toensur~ that there would be no breakdown ota new truce. The announcement restores the Christmas truce the HA terminated Jan. lb alter 25 days and canie atler coniiil~lou' secret talks between British officials and envoys ot Sum Fern. the IRMa legal political organization. Reuss is on a special energy task torce chaired by Re,, Lii Wright, D-Tex. He is also chairman ol the House Hanking and Currency Committee and a ieniber ol the joint Ftcotioniic Committee. rilE MILWAUKEE .Wis. Democrat said the isk 'trce plan us "in the final stages ot de' elopnwnt He would not exactly what the proposal would flnallv mel tide. hut added that the hallmark of a successful enci u~ program i' hai he American ~ orker deserves and (gets) tile g.n he needs to get to and from work' and make essential crrJid~ thou paving higher prices. He suggested a high tax on high-powered jtitt)s as one ~ to discourage gasoline consumption. Reuss said the Ford administration 'citer~, proposals hurt the ~~rking man and would increase unemplovireni hs lbrcing closure of energy dependent industries REGARDING the eeonor,,~ as a whole. Heu~s ,ad hr outlook ahead wilt brighten because we in the Congress have seen what a hash the administration has made ot our economics and we are now determined to stop being polite and ~ooujt there and see what needs to hedone. fins means job programs, lower interest rates get handle on inflation and dc seniething with the international (iolla r.' Reuss was interviewed on ABCs 'Issues and Answers. monday capsule Population projections revised downward WA'dIlN(, ~ear 2O4X)ha'c ~oung 'onien Bureau report 11112 XilstIS I ION 1' P11 -Po pu I .i tioti project loll been reused downward 2104 'Cr cent ~pcct to have lower hid, en, the ed Sund.~ Ill beti ti (~ cn'b' no~ estimates U.S. population ~ihl range roji, a low ol 245.1 ii illuon ~j, high of 28' wrljion Si he d~ ii dl I he cent dry. Last sear I he projections ,iaced the e ~t' eniL' Iron, 2543.1 million to 14*) million Pie Lurreni population is cstim.rcd ,' hi ,iillion Iii t4fl~j)~~li Gibson. chiet it Lerbus x~pulaIion estinuic' and ~ropec;lons. said the rend its 'ceri flaying steadily~ ~Iownard since he late I 9W The census said the new projections resulted from a slight increase in the average lire s~,aai continued stead~ in'niigration ~nd a lower birth rate. Young women juestuoned by the census surveyor' dropped their estimates of the census said the number of children they expect to nave, I PACKARD The HP-35 Electronic Slide tk Performs a// '~asc arithmetic t~ ig and log calculations avjtornaticaFly Has an Addressabje Memory, displays 10 digits in fixed decimal or scientific notation, automatically positions decimal point through out its 200-decade range Cost,~ *MI HP pocket calculators have Packudb patented MN logic system wIth 4 Memory Stack. Prices exclude Sate and lowflaza NEW LOW PRICE $195" The HP-45 Adienced Scientific. Performs 44 scientific functions including vector arithmet.e, rectarigularto po~ar con version, mean and standard deviation. Has 9Addressaoie Memories At ~3~?it's The ore-orogrammedcalculator for a//scientists, engineers ano students of science and engineering AlI HP pocket calculators have HewlettPackardb passed RPN logic warn wIth 4 Memory Stack Prices exclude aBate and local taxes. NEW LOW $24?' PRICE FLORIDA BOOKSTORE 1614W. University Ave. Across from Library West Li I 1w nd.pend.fll Florid. Ai',gc,, 2 p~,b, co.por ot Cnpv. Cr' fl~4~lcoIoe. flcorp.'cl.d 0 ~'.oI. foil Piofil cw.oUI,.n !b pikJisMd *~. ',Mt fl~ly *kcn* duflh m.d Ay~ wh.a ii' pubi'O.d W~'i1 *fl&ly 0,4 dweIn *Iud.~1 hOlidays and .me., p.i'ds Opin'on he indep.ndenl AUlGGm w. $'m of $. .dIi~oI *. *thI.n OV hi, GIFCI and n hose al Ii. tin, vmsily of lorpda il,. ~o."ptt t.~ed by ii. nd.~.adnt Flood. Ail'80.4&.n c.wap.odrc. I. Ihe nd.p.cd.a' Flmido Aihigaf P0 %. mt UflflibW 1IOOe GOflhhth., "o,'do fli Ii. In .ndwt Ficudo AIigS.r a .nn.d second rim. nw.n, -i.e Ut~r.d Sea. Pus Otfie. a tupne.v'Ii. *lopd. 31 'ci. no ~ -~. 0q file Ewe q.sw *uik *uh'plona we ~out 4udoat *Ot*tflfli*flI Joe 'iie Wtd.ns --UnIn.iMy -Fiwida Ii. nd.p.na.v P1u4. Aliioiu ffl 'I.e tl I. ,.guio. he lve.,,rcoI I.,. of cli ad y*e~m~~ 0fl4 -mm Ci urn OWO~ CII (Coy I CC4'4Id~iI ab ~'0'~~* The In~p.idonl Placid. AlIrqo. --ceceam e4.as.S. *~ PVflfli 0' fly .dve.l.mnen.t .nfllv!ig *,.,.Aic. .#n, C, ~r.nut IIfleJ, wales fl0~a glv.r a he vflSflg monqe' I) dey .1. II. edn.'.mmea' -I Th* Wer4.m 9& AII.ac. wi~ --n.a.&I -Aceffuct Ia~l~ ~. ad~ennqr.ne eh.dul.d I. PW, Sflqot In., Vietnam HEWLETT 

PAGE 3

Renaissance P~iMing. mc. idlers FAST OFFSET PR/N T//VG rail, ~r~y ~Hmf~rfl reArly C 200 copies for only $3.95 or im fur $9.95. Same day service on masi orders .aSTEALFRDMINDM Therm's a Feat carnal look in this creamy whit. blouse mdi ol car.*f ret crepe. Imported br you from India, this free and mazy style ha lots of opsi weave at the neck and a bodice with plenty of pints and tucks. The miuticizad waistband and cuffs pull it all together for a just right look anytime -anywhere. SIZES: SM-[ -The flunle' P.O.Box 1211 So. L.A. Tahoe. CA 95705 &,,cIosed lind _________ PLUS SV~ posIaqe& hidg, for. Sae .-.Blous. Sony. NO CO D's) Send 25 C to, i cimplere catalog I Sai~tacton Gua.anteed Cab?. ret add 6% Ziegler delays By RENA EPSTEIN Alligator Staff Writer Controversy over the scheduled appearance of Ronald Ziegler. former President Richard IV!. Nixon's press secretary. may come to an abrupt halt. Without giving any reason Ziegler has asked for a delay in his lecture tour, which would have stared this month. He was scheduled to visit UF on Feb I'd' 4 pilot by tick ma. Hair raising While some people sprawled lazily in the sun, otkieru.-like this hairy dancer-responded to the vibrations of Atlanta Rhythm Section's concert Saturday. Dogs, tots and beer-guzzling students all gathered on the Union north lawn for the free concert. Th*lnd*p*nd.n*floddoMIigatr.Mondoy. F.bnory ~O. 1973. P.3 U F appearance Accordri~ lo Sieve Weiner. chairman of LiFt Accent '75. Ziegler's agent called Friday and asked UF to accept the delay. "WE WERE GIVEN a choice of dates beginning the last ~.eck in March and nmning through April,' Weiner said. However, he said UF now has the option to accept the new date or cancel Ziegler's appearance because he failed to keep his part of the contract with UP. Weiner sai4 UP is in "good shape" unlike other schools which cancelled Ziegler's appearance but are required by contract to pay bin, anyway. Weiner said he will meet with presidents of the UF student body and senate to decide whether, to accept a rescheduled date. WEINER IS ALSO ASKING for student input into the decision. Were asking students a, mail us their opinions.' lie said. According to Weiner. Accent '75 is a service organization and it is up to the students to decide whether or not to bring Ziegler to UF. Policeman shot fly JOE MORAN Alligator Staff Writer A Gainesville Police Department (GPD) patrolman was injured and nearly killed in a shootout which left his attacker dead early Saturday morning, according to GPD spokesman Dick Gerard. Office, Donald Dennis was in satisfactoryy" condition, according to a University Hospital spokesman. after being shot in the abdomen and leg. After Dennis was hit, his attacker pointed a pistol at his head and pulled the triuer. Gerard said. The pistol was either empty or misfired, according to Gerard. GERARD SAID THE NAME of the man wIto was killed is not being released pending notification of his family. Dennis and Officer ET. Shelley spotted what appeared to be an assault and abduction in progress. Gerard said, at about 3:25 a.nv, after they had signed off duty. Gerard said the officers approached a car containing two men and a woman and identified themselves as police officers. Gerard said one of the men 'just came out of the car shooting." firing three rounds before officers could return fire. DURING THE ENSUING gunplay. Dennis and the gunman were shot. After the assailant pointed his gun at Dennis' head and the pistol failed to fire. he collapsed and was taken to Alachua General Hospital where he died. Gerrd said. The other man fled from the scene during the exchange of fire. Gerard said, and was found "a couple of hours later' at his home UNDER INTERROGATION, the man corroborated the accounts of the two officers and said he tried to intervene in his friends attempt to steal the woman s purse. Gerard said. According to Gerard. no charges had been filed against the man as of Saturday afternoon because it appears he had no part in the attempted robbery or shooting. Gerard said the shooting has not had any effect on the morale of the other GPD officers. It's something we all accept, Gerard said. "We try not to think about it. ___________________________ _____________________________________________U Would you like to help students help themselves? If so join to STUDENT Please come and pick up an application at 358 Little Hall through Feb. 14 MORtIftWbftW FOfl A'tiON ~ALL STEVt HAYGEN AT 392-1521 This is a function of University College Student Council w S S S STREET'S somuw cyar 1614MW. lab ST. I DAY *SfliC~ 1 DAY SERVICE FRANCHISE DEALER All. ACCaSCRIES CALL 377-DIKE cm. yarn ass --U 4w&Hatchers jewelers It IMI. Me WI.U92 ADVISEMENT 

PAGE 4

Pug. Am. Indep.ndn~ florid. Ailigetor. Monday, Fsbninery 10, ins Prison popu ation again at crit ca proportions By MIKE HORN AUlpeor Staff Writer A skyrocketing increase in Florida's prison population that forced a freeze on new inmates last September has again reached critical capacity, according to figures released by the Florida Division of Corrections. Florida's prison facilities had a total population of 11.531 as ol Feb and there was a backlog of 761 in county jails a~atting transfer to 'tate facilities. THERE WERE 11,521 instate facilities and 518 in county ails when Division of Corrections Director Lowe Wanwright 'Injunction (from HONOR COURT OFFIE page 0,1EV IALS have argued that opening up the hearings would barn, the function of the Honor Court and its effectiveness. Petersen. who heads up a staff of 65 defenders, has said he opposed the opening of the hearings because it would destroy the 'ri.hahilitative function of the Honor Court. dosed the prisons to new inmates last September he increase is primarily affecting local pails and detention facilities ~.lnch were already overcrowded and feeding their overflows to city jails for holding. [he Alachua County Adult Detention Center. built Id IU~ persons, now houses 107 inmates awaiting transfer to the prisons, according to Lt.iin, Dylcsterhouseoftheoenter "WE ARE REACHING flvksterhouse said Some of our a critical point. minor offenders have already been transferred to the Gainesvll City Jail Sidney Fortner. superintendent of Florida state orisons. THREE CHEATING SENTENCES were handed down by the HonorCourt Friday before the injunction "as issued. AtI three students pleaded guiIt~ to cheating charges and received Esin their classes and penalty hours from the Honor Court. One student received an F in Marketing 331. Accounting 301, and Business Adntnistration 31fl penalty hours. I-Ic was also given six An FL in MarketinR 331 and three penalty hours "as given said all the reception centers were exceeding their limits. hut he does not expect the prison to quit accepting new inmates [he Lake Butler reception center population "as 1.182. on lv 20 inmates short of the 1.203 last Friday population which forced it to shut down last September. O.i Keller. secretary of the Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services, said he will outline some emergency ecomniendation' for the governor this week. "We are going to find room wmewherc. lie said We Sire going to everything we can to keep from shutting down the prisorb. to another student and the third student tried was given and F in Statistics 320 and three penalty hours. Chancellor Harris presided over one case atid ( honcellor lay 'at in the other two. Sixty charges have now been filed against U F students allegedly involved in organized cheating last fall aecordin~ to Paul Marnish. students who said he still expected to charge 2(n) 7 I M -I & / L N L )/~flR 'It. N -r Sit Hot Slice -R4d~ \1/hen You Are A~ fPO(ECIE LAThLY? LEOVWkDS 1245 W.UNIVERSITYAVE.SLICES 11:00AM to 1:00AM 706W. UNIVERSITY AVE. Whole Pies after 4:00 PM 318-Si *1 / 'II -Thelns I r 

PAGE 5

FALLOOrlIr1c. INC MMD ENEW WEEK This week MONTREAL SOFTWARE ALL TI-FE BEER OR WINE YOU CARE TO DRINK Every MON 816 Girls FREE sauva. ice sw. ii Street I.! HOME HUMUS -LOrI heLp ~ou I rd o hc,,~r ,ponPri robihe home or ,nor$,tni. 'H. easy noyI OUR FEE S REFUNDABLE at mat oau ii REAL Oo.n~ Days P.' *04 SW 4th Ave ~ 6'~ THmE S MORE TO SEE WITH f' CABLE 1V AiS ('Jt~ TV Channels A weatner channel, U~i New., New York Stock Exchange, 7 FM stations on lv Channels, and 9 FM and 4AM s*atlons on the ~M band UNIVUSIlY CITY IUEVISICU CMLI CO. INC 522 N. MAIN Si? Go By STEVE PROCKO Aulgato, StaB Watt SPEAKERS BUREAU: Applications for the Florida Blue Key Speakers Bureau are available on the third floor of the]. Wayne Reitz Union. Interviews will be held through Wednesday. For further information call 377-7912. ARTS AND SCIENCES PHOTO CONTEST: Entries must deal with any aspect ot the college itself or with college life. There are two divisionsblack-and-white and colot. First prize is $50. Pick up an entry application in Anderson Hall room 103. ARTS AND SCIENCES SC: A&S Student Council will meet today at 410 p.m. in Anderson Hall room 103. For further information call 392-2154. "WANT TO SCORE?": The spring water polo season is about to begin. Practice times will be every Monday. Wednesday. and Friday from 6-8:30 p.m. and Thursdays from 7:30.9 p.m. Swimming experience is suggested but not mandatory. For further information call 373-1746. FINANCIAL AID INFORMATION: sponsored by Student Financial Affairs, will hold a session tonight at 7 pin, in the ranglewood Commons area, for further information call 392-1275. FLORIDA PLAYERS: will meet today at 4:45 p.m. in H.P. Constant Theatre. For further information call 392.1390. FUTURE FARMERS: will meet tonight at 8 p.m. in McCatty Hall, room 1031. For further information call 3920502. HIKING CLUB: will meet tonight at 8 pIn. in Florida Gym. room 22. For further information call 377-5329. Plans for Suwannee River and Smokey Mountain Hikes will be discussed HAMS: The Amateur Radio Club will meet tonight at 7:30 in Reed Lab. THE TAMING OF THE SHREW: by Florida Players, will be presented tonight through Friday at 8p.m. in the H.P. Constans Theatre. Admission is free for students; $2 for the general public. MAKE SOME CHANGES: The Advisory Board of Disabled Students will meet at 7 this evening in the I Wayne Reiti Union. room 118. EAG MEETING: with speaker Dr. Frank Maturo .will be held tonight at 7:30 in the]. Wayne Reitz Union. room 347. For further information call 392-1635. WILDLIFE SOCIETY: will hold a meeting Tuesday at 7 p.m. in McCarty Hall, room 1151. Speakerwill be Dr. Wayne Marion. IJF wildlife professor. TESTIMONY: The weekly testimony meeting of the Christian Science College Organization will be held Thursday at 7p.m. on the third floor of the i. Wayne Reitz Union. room 362. For further information call 373-6022. YOUNG DEMOCRATS: will hold their convention planning meeting Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. at the Regency Oaks Apt. 0232. For further information call 373-SW?. STUDENT AGRICULTURE COUNCIL: will meet Tuesday afternoon at 4:30 in McCarty Hall. room 1041. BOARD OF COLLEGE COUNCILS: wjll meet Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in the]. Wayne Rein Union. room 1041. SPELUNKERS: The Florida Spelcoogical Society will meet Tuesday at 7 p.m. in Little Hall. room 215. For further information call 378-6144. DIALOGUE; The open tine forum heard Tuesdays and Thursday at 11:05 p.m. on WRUF needs your comments. Phone in at 392.0771 or 392-0772. r 0~LL8p DEBTS? In. but A Its Tax time ogai~oJ&Jj~flJE spy ~aI Be~des4hit. all of those nagging bills can wuiount to enough to leave little or nothing for the other necessities of ife! CONSOLIDATE all of those bills, pay your taxes a"d end up with less of a monthly output. Come in to talk it over.,.we're specialists at solving thos, kind of problems! suuuu, -canes a CUBIT It Guys $2.00 J.cksavil. Can. .4 Put (kg a' 1%. Indq,.ndnt Aovld. AjIleelor. Mondo,, N&vory tO, 1975. P. S Quartet performs I he Cleveland Quartet, a string ensemble will be pertorniing in (iainesv.lIe Feb. :2 for Pro Arte Musicas second concert of the 975 season. The quartet has given tours all over the world and has received a Grammy nomination. A children's program will be given at 4 p.m followed by a classical program at 8:30 p.n~. Both concerts will be given in the Health Center auditorium. Tickets can be purchased at Strictly Folk, Rebel Discount and at the door br $2.50. WHAT'S HAPPENING 

PAGE 6

Pog.4 The independent feud. AiIIg.ov. Monday february 0. I~75 Askew, Stone visit UF (to' Reubin Askc~ and Sen Richard Stone will address a conference on Florida l-ood Production Feb II and 12 at the I. Wayne Re.tz Union The conference entitled Agriculture Growth in an Urban Age. is being hosted by the UF Institute of Food and Agriculture Sciences (WAS). THE CONFERENCE Is designed to help solve problems facing the state agricultural industry and also offer 10-year projections for 26 agricultural commodities produced in Florida. Emphasis will center on increasing technology to aid productivity, and ways agriculture can successfully interact with urban areas through land use control. taxation, water resource management, enGroup probe~ Dy STUART EII4MRICU AtM. Staff Wdte. The UF Honor Court is cunently cowing under the close scrutiny of a judicial studentfaculty task force which was appointed by Student Body President Steve Menyday last quarter. The task force, headed by law profrisor Michael Gordon, has been looking into the honor code and how etThctivc its enforcement has been. Task force members have set a March I deadline for their report on the honor system. They plan to start considering draft proposals at a meeting this afternoon. ThE MEETING, which is open to the public, will be held in the Presidents Board Room in Tigert Hall at 4:30. The group will discuss the sort of rules irorirtental considcraiitn~. niJnpower, urban ~.aste disposal and energy allocations. Aske~ will make the keynote address of the conference at 3:30 p.m. Feb. I I. Stone will address more than 5W guests at a banquet beginning at 7 p.m on Feb II. Dr Kenneth R. Tefertiller. vice president br agricultural affairs at UF. said florida agriculture must continue to grow not only to assure adequate food supplies but to continue to bolster the states economy. Tefertiller said the key to the further success of Florida agriculture is increased productivity. These Increases rely on research, education, better management and striking a balance with growing urbanization. lie said. ~ honor code under which the Honor Court should operate. The Honor Court currently follows the florida Rules of Criminal Procedure, but some critics have started that using admninistrative rules might be (aim. ADMINISTRATIVE RULES are more informal and do not rely so heavily on legal technicalities. The task force is also looking at the hoaor code, trying to find out if students really abide by it. or if It should be discarded. Craig Mitchell, assistant attorney general. who is also representing the Honor Court on the task force, told the member, at their meeting last Monday that he thinks the honor code does work because "SO per cent of cheating cases are reported by students." Other topics being discussed by the task force include the reasons for students cheating and what kind of enforcement thert should be for Honor Code offenders. Bargaining hearings soon By GARY BALANOFF AllIgator Staff Writer I he Public Fniplovees Relations Cornmission t~ scheduled to decide by Friday where and when the opening of formal hearings ~in faculty collective bargaining will be according to commission legal counsel Curtis Mack Faculty unions and associations interested in intervening in collective bargaining were required to make written proposals of suggestions concerning the date formal hearings should begin by last Friday. THEY WERE ALSO REQUESTED to include there they thought the hearings should be and isi what order issues should be discussed. Most of the faculty groups han indicated they would like to see as many hearings as possible in Gainesville. Were ready to go as soon as possible,' Ben Stevens, United Faculty of Florid, state academic affairs chairman, said Sunday. The longer '.e wait, the more rushed negotiations ~.ould be." THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION of University Professors (AAUP-fla.) and four t~culty associations representing Vaflous schools at UF also submitted suggestions for the hearings. It would be a disaster if all parties didn't proceed in a prudent way2 Dr. Ron Carpenter. vice chairman of AAUP-FIa. said. The legal motion came as a response to a Board of Regents letter which stated chairpersons were part of management, and were not allowed to participate in union activities. Mack said nothing will probably be done until long after this decision." referring to the decision on the time and place of tbrnial commission hearings. U U NEW & DIFFERENT OPENING SOON McDANIELL'S FLEA MARKET 1201 E. UNIVERSITY AVE. S 0 0 SELl. YOUR PIOCUCE. CRAFI3, CLOTHING. 5Gb LOCKABLE INDOOR BOOTHS LOW WEKENO MONTHLY RATES CALL. 378-3431 FOR INFORMATION RESERVE YOUR BOOTH NOW. ANliQUB 'PUT YO4JRSKF IN SUSINUS" Give your love an Alligator subscription for Valentine's Day. 4 I I am enclosing $5.50 per quarter for.quorters. I mail subscription to the Independent Florida Alligator -I I am enclosing $20 for N~I G REIPIBIT 4. *~.~~9*.4*%t 4, .Is~. Well, how about your Me 9 S 1 years subscription. -Ks STAll "p I I I I I 

PAGE 7

Fees U,. In4.p.nd.n, florid. Mug.,.,, Monday Mhn~ary IC, 1913. Peg. 7 recommended for rec, career services By DEBBIE IBflfl AllIgator Staff Writer The Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee (ASFAC) has recommended that six new racquetball courts, two squash courts, and five different improvements in the Career Planning and Placement Center be funded with student activity fees. The cost of the recommended proposals-$8S,986--would conic out of the $l75.O~surplus left over from the budget of the last fiscal year. THE COMMInEE, COMPOSED OF seven students, advises the Student Senate on the allocation of activity fee funds which come from the $2.27 per credit hour in student fees every student pays in tuition. The student senate must still approve the recommended proposals before funding will be allocated. IN A MEETING THURSDAY, the committee recoinmended funding for five Career Planning and Placement Center proposals~ Provide graduating students with a computer program that will match their qualifications to the potential employers In their field. The cost to students would be I0,~ to cover the hiring of a systems analyst for one year. and $5~ for clerical and office t~pei1%e~ Purchase 'esen student rnaploeu rten 'e~ cubicles a, cost of ~ Ihe portabac part 't ion-desk comp(.tlrnts ~ou Id provide more pri~ acy .Interim e~s and ma' Attract ri ore em p1ox Cr' to ( [ icr' itt d rector M Un CC M .a' bcrrv 'aid Microfilm student ludiIlLii tii~ IJiaccmet1i recurils jnd references for storage lou 34) year' to N retrieved or reproduced 1w students (,r alumni. The equipnient would cost $5.4 IS. Reproduce student qualification records to be used for job interviews and sen' by the Center to prospectu~t en players not interviewing on campus. [he proposal would itlst $963.48 annually and serve present student' and alumni .Use a printuiip~ process to reproduce resunic\ ~raduatitig students. Ihe cost, paid for by student activatly fees would bell for 50 copies per student. THE COMMIflEE ALSO DECIDED on budget requests heard from the intramurals department and the UF Chamber Singers. Intrarnurals Chairman Dr. Paul Varuies said the 100 per cent increase in students playing racqtittball in the past 10 years had created a serious problem in the competition for Using courts.' (EDITOR'S NOTE: Inside InI.nmatjse ha wee&~ featwe In The Independent Florida Angst., provIding wnden with authovIbtIn lnf.mmation on all iamb of pesomi health and ~lId. of the Student Ihutli Ser.kw. Bring ye qixetlom to room 305 Ret. UsIa or th. lobby of di. Student Haiti, Service. For funk, Information plea co.atact the Health Education Office at the Student HealS, Service Room 237) the conrnittee agreed and passed reconinendation br the construction of six new four-wail courts. costing 150.000 at Snelt Field near the law center. Also approved were two squash courts which would cost $ll.~ to build. Another $1100 recommended for intramural, would add on-off switches to the present automatic fighting system on campus fields and courts. The committee decided to refer a request from the 1ff Chamber Singers for $2.qW over to Student Senate Budget and Financing Committee. lift, as one no longer has the pallor of a shut-in. For one with an excessively oily skin, the type prone to develop acne, the drying effect and light peeling is helpful. but carefully controlled exposure Is necessary. Also, iheconjunctavaoftheeyes isespectallysensitive to the lamp rays. Eye lids are too thin to be protective except for a very brief exposure, and so care must be taken to protect the eves. What I. the hat treatment for a blister? How safe are .unlamp.? Cm. using one repeatedly cause damage to the tin or skin? Sup amps ~uatt distinct tror heat lamps, are usually LOin l>~~~t(~ quart/ crystals. I bese crystals ~irc made to hr~tt hi~ endingg out 1,hoton' or rays of energ~ of short a~c Ica~tF and great frequency ~ hich are chemacall' at ti~c Ir 'wht patiuni the~ appear at ~,iid us, hesoild the purple ~ioht 'ont. I hey are cousins to the dreaded X rays and ''Ii IJVS. I teqtietitly. repeated sun lamp radiation is damaging. It JVC 'F. 'kin causing drying. thinning and abnormal blood nationn. I he~e changes are ot a pre~-ancerous Ildi bit In tat ruse, the skin pigment cells produce a tan and the Usually blisters are best left alone and kept clean, dry and to'cred. [he fluid inside is a good culture medium tor b.ittera and ;hould not be contaminated No cover available "' protective a' skin. It A blister needs to be opened for whatever reason, i.e In. 'Hon. performance. etc then under cican conditions uhe of should he renioved j ml mn antibiotic en' applied The best co'er we have found is called moleskin and I' valuable commercially Moleskin is quite useful ii presenuon of blister formation. Ho. do once, celk believe differently from normal nil.? Normal cells ~ for a purpose-to form the body or to repair worn or damaged tissue. (ancer cells grow for no reason. [hey displace or destroy normal cells, and if onthemii, reaction isa healthy glo~. Psychologically this is a checked, spread to other parts of the body. for J. GEl IS BAND Ticket holders ARE STILL AVAILABLE 0 S UNIVERSITY BOX OFFICE NOON to 4:30 p.m. 0 FEB. 17 INSIDE INFORMATION 

PAGE 8

Peg. 8. The Indejiendent florida Miig.flor. Monday, Februery IC. 1915 EDITORIAL Housing rent Rent hikes br UF housing like the ones now king considered by Tigert Hall. are getting to be something of an annual affair. Dorm rent has increased every year lix the last three years. The overall increase for dorms and married housing is 47 per cent for the past three years. UF Housing Director James Hennessey says the way things look now, rent will have to be increased. Housing, because it is an "auxilIary service'' has no income other than rent. So last week the Board of Regents authorized a rent hike at the discretion of the IJF administration. The question is, even without a dramatic change in economic conditions, are there places costs can be cut as an alternative to raising dorm and married housing rent? Before a decision is made on the rent increases. a public hearing should be held to get input from student tenants. Vice President for Student Affairs Art Sandeen has indicated such a hearing will be held. Faced with a rent hike, student tenants should examine what services, if they were given a choice, they would do without to keep rent at the current level. Student Government Consumer Affairs Secretary Dan Lobeck presents figures which suggest well over $1OO,~3O could be saved by eliminating linen service in the dorms. Laundering of sheets and towels costs students $11.25 a quarter, about the amount of the proposed increase for a non-air-conditioned dorm room. Based just on our own experience in the dorms, it seems there are a substantial number of students who supply and wash their own linen, and thus are paying for a service they don't use. Of course, even if linen service is a practical place to cut costs, it might just run into opposition from the administration, since it is an in-house operation whose elimination might cost some career service jobs. That, we don't think, is a good enough reason not to cut linen service to avoid a rent increase. Another budget area that deserves scrutiny is the number of Resident Advisors. But RA's are, after all, students, and we don't like the idea of cutting students from the payroll. Then again, we wonder whether an RA on every floor is really necessary. Dorm dwellers would examine whether they want to pay for an RA service they don't need or use, Along the same line, we wonder if the Housing bureacracy isn't a bit feather-bedded, what with Hall Advisors over the RA's and then area supervisors and their staffs at the next level. And student tenants should be warned that cutting these "counseling" positions may be a sore point with administrators, The reason is that the only way the Board of Regents can legally maintain a policy of niandatorydorm residence for freshmen is to claim these "counseling" services provide a definite educational benefit. The freshman requirement, waived last quarter because of a tremendous demand for dorm accommodationshas been used and may have to be used again to keep the dorms filled, which in turn pays off the bonds that built them. At any rate, we trust a public hearing will be held on the rent increases. And we hope we're not being too optimistic when we trust the decision will be made AFTER students express their wishes at the hearing. Max always had been a low down, barrel bottom, trash can. dirty dealing cheat, from the time he crawled out of his mother two months after her abortion. He was the only baby iji the hospital to cut his own umbilical cord, and he did it with his teeth. AS A KID he double-crossed, back-stabbed, and crotchkicked his way up through the educational system. He gave book reports on books that never existed, he wrote essays first and outlined them afterwards. In fact, by using. lead pencil Max scribbled so many test answers on the top of his desk it was later donated to a munitions factory and recycled into bullets. But sixteen years of education had polished Mu up quite a bit and he figured the job interview would run smoothly. 'Avid you think you have the qualifications to work with ourcorporation and fight it out in the world of big business?" the executive asked through his cigar. "YES, I'VE had four straight, well four solid years of education at the University of florida." "You didn't take any sociology, psychology, or any of those other homosexual-type courses did you." 'Oh no sir. It was business all the way through. I got n.y language requirement by taking statistics I can even speak a little COBOL (computer language). In fact I even joined a fraternity." "And how did you get in this fraternity?" "lied.' Max replied. "YOU LIED, that's a good sign there son. You might make it in business after all. Tell me. can you speak Arabic?" "Yes, sir.'' "Two lies in one minute. That IS a good sign." "And what is your OPA. as if it matters." "It's a perfect four-o sir." "Three lies! You are gonna niake it son." "No. it was a perfect four-o. I read ala the exams the night before the tests. I even managed to gain a monopoly on test sales, so I also made a lot of money on the deal." "AND WHAT clever strategy did you use to acquire these exams?" "I found them in the dumpsters. They were stuffed full of exams. One day Ijust happened to be crawling around in one with my date and this whole pile of tests came tumbling down The Independent Florida Alligator LIII ~ EAlonyK.dzio. JonwV Coo& Mn. EvMyn hut Mn. MoIp4,uin C. Roy Shipp Ton, Mocomoro Ray MeG. Jr. Donna LaM ye no bay Mawr Lyf.dC 14o.nI. alan Snyd.r Lye. S&J.q ian Wodnn TONY AJINADE SATIRE on us. It took an hour to dig our way out and I guess they must have had ~on~e sticky questions on them because when we got home they were attached all over us like sandspurs or something. 'Four lies. You redoing great sonWhat did you do after that? "The right. just and ethical thing to do. I threw then, away before they corrupted my high moral standards. But a week later I sold my trash can to some non-brothers and I guess there were still a few of those exams laying around at the bottom because the next thing you know the administration accused me of selling exams. "FIVE LIES. You just might make it. What did you do after that?" "Well a couple of CPA freaks got down on us and they accused me of raising the curve in all the business classes and making things rough on those who had to compete against such a high curve." So what did you do?" 'I sold them the test and they shut up." "Did the administration believe your stoty?~ "Well some of them doubted the dumpster part. I nican I guess it seems kind of odd for a fraternity boy to be %crounging around dumpsters when we always said we were too good for a lot of the buildings on campus. After .11, a pair of $40 socks just doesn't mix with a bundle of trash. But I got away with it.'' "WELL, anyone who can lie, cheat, steal, and get away with it is bound to be a success in business. You're hired boy and one last word of advice if you want to be able to coinrnunicate with your associates." 'What's that? Never tell then. the truth?'' 'Well that's one. but you better also polish up oil your Aiabic." David Sni* Mitr.in-ehiM Oovidve.gn C N.ws Sitar Tail Wood Managing Editor '01mb Brugmon Loycut Editor G.nvuiMoqwg.r AaiantGennqg~000g, Mmlnlsroslv. Aslacs h~aw loSn.Monag. -.Accoongeqg Mvntsng Managa a ag CnMlnot 1.chl S.ct.uw Cn.diaar Mw.4 Sn, P~oduan Meneg., Idliodal Nodvewon Mc.wgr Sitouw Pu6ecfion Mmnqet C~uhtenhClo~#~Mw luau, Jon. Lsyogt Editor PubliSd by Cam pus Conimginaeation. in' P.O. Son 13266 UInn4ty Station. Gain.dIl., flMId, wit off ka. band t,. College. Inn. '73 W. uiguws,~ Annn. ILISft.Offk. ph.,., man SiionM D.ecewnaw, 37~ MIS Aiv.rthjng and Pmjuctlon Dt~amn: isa I 1 How to make it in business I 

PAGE 9

V Tb. kd.p.ndnt Fisgido AJlIgotor, Monday, F.bnscvy 10. 1975, Peg. 9 Looking ltl)ITOR: I he arguments the Florid a Alligator, date iii pie Martinez. and Sigma Oh~ kIM Cmi tall short of their ~is CO I of open proceed ing~ in couple' lit heating trials. I here ~ mE RESPONSE of the "ill Mr \iIi~ator and Sigma Delta the cx~ to the secret proceedings BUl predictable as Pavlov's 'iii, pie lws I be word secret' us that is uttered and every journalism prehen student within miles begins to knowlt' NlEivJIC. sublect Its apparent that the issue measul lere us not the fad that with. ~cveral students cheated on But c'am' that they had gained exann ICLCSS to. But that its created el mi in scandal', to borrow the quickly~ cmi from the beginning of numbe Signia Delta Chi's executive exam gatement. And scandals seem poor robe the order of the day for relatic the local campus media. prohic The Alligator has enough educate trouble handling the new's it the an determines publishable. as is. scrutia Mere courtroom reporting newsp can not adequately cove, the photog complexities of trial hearings. and th IF WE COULD each Mr. personally scrutinize the messa~ entire proceedings, then refers perhaps we could react inscheme tellegently and rationally. more However a reporters are pr collective data is filtered Howevi through their mind and later, mark further edited in the form of a positiui news story. which What has happened i. that of wh) people have cheated ow' their how it exams and many were able to the fut because they had access to TIlE for Sc Ifll\ pilot (0 (be ity nhl)etItlve 1% LI d itt, htainin IhilIr ill ili~ a~ be tho~t we for I)erso Ii .11 tIll peibse ot ~4hicr~ EVEN (Kit ', lot, It the e'anm 'Cr' dii if they ~erc .1 corn sable c'aluatioii the dge gained on he I hen ,nl~ secur't~ re, n cccl It, be dcj I' one ,T mire ol (he ~Cre a flltan. ol ation it, order to Cut clo~ti student rs. or I pos~ihly the *as unfair result ot a pro Cc s s or -st U d e TI t rnship. then the lies within our onal system These ate ens in need of public ~y, hot that the aper cant get raphs of the accusers e accused. Martinez's spiritual ~ comes close when he to grades, testing s. self-conlidence and determination. These oblen~s of education. ~r, he ends up with the of Cain. moral ,ns. and adulthood font solve the problem people cheated and should be deal! with in U re. mere act ol getting Defense Deportment wouldn't think twice EDITOR: In your editorial lnjustwce." you overlooked a very important point that Mr. Weinberger made, which was. 'the 11.5. could save up to 5650 million." (an cutting down on the abuse of food stamps." Our Department of Defense would never think twice about wasting that much to build tanks that won't work and jet tighten that can't fly. Marc Saul 4 AR. andals \thI~ C these problems While lie Honor Court of flci a Is tid h1 Ivurnilistic ,eiVts fight it out on the front page and in am edirortil culuumris. the chc~utin~ ~. ill 'ii by I-In lug not e~en ii~mdc It to the COpS lOlifli 1OOI. let line the hick page '0 111101 for public sercitiny, Peter W Jones That wasn't exactly EDITOR: I was quoted incorrectly in the 1.27 Alligator to the effect that no serious new cases involving violations of academic freedom or other professional standards had occurred "since Dr. ET. York was UF President." What in fad I stated was that there had been no such eases since Dr York became President. OF THE six major cases with which I am familiar, one (jones) developed initially when Dr. Reitz was President. five (Lamborn, Mcgill. Capehart, Blyc and Cornwell) while Dr. O'Connell was President. The Lamborn and Capehart eases were resolved (along with another potentially serious dismissal case) during Dr. O'Connell's presidency. The Jones case was resolved, and preliminary proposals for a procedure to resolve the Blyc case were initiated during Dr. York's presidency, during which time also a number of major UP Policy Manual changes were made in response to recommendations from the National AAUP office. The right Mcgill Blyc and Cornwell cases at-c still in the courts. incidentally. $AUP did not hold that Dr. Cornwell "had his academic freedom abused." AAUP's concern was directed chiefly (but not only to the fads that the UP administration took no action to remedy the UP Senate Academic Freedom & Tenure Committee's finding (after an extensive hearing process) that Dr. Cornwell's department had improperly applied UP tenure criteria. or to implement the Committee's recommendation that the administration co-operate in attempting to secure a lineitem for Dr. Cornwell in another department which might, in due course, then determine whether to recommend tenure. Other issues included the vagueness of certain UP tenure criteria involved (since then deleted), and the failure of the Board of Regents to hear an appeal. Richard H. Hiers AAUP Chapter President, 1972-74 Another student housing rip-off Distorted picture EDITOR, Student Housing is again involved in one of its periodic rip-oth of student tenants. Supposedly due to increased utility coat., it is raising all rents. including rent for tarried student housing. HOUSING knows very well that tenants in married housing pay their utilities separately from their rent, and that the cost ofutilities already has been raised, Thus the extra live dollars they are lacking on (the third such increase iii two years) has nothing to do with utilities costs. and is simply a convenient means of slipping an increase past the Board of Regents. The Independent Florida Alligator Ooo Old Me. Ron Cun.ingloni Aan~o Slier 0.0.1. K.chpna.c Jr. fret. She. hew -as, Mmdi K.wnon Mt N.~ SlUt Although the supposed goal ot James Hennessey's organization is to provide low-cost housing for students. keeping costs down has never been oneof its strong points. In addition to raising our rent, their latest brainstorm is consideration of putting cable TV into Diamond Village. which ~ould raise all Diamond Village residents' rent another 53.50 per month. FORTUNATELY, this latter proposal has been left to the tenants discretion, and will probably not be approved. (Most of us are here to study. not to watch TV.) A procedure is badly needed so that Housing in the future cannot go to the Hoard of Regents to request rent increases without prior notification of' tenants. Presently, tenants are faced with increases as accomplished facts, and have no opportunity to present opposing information to the Reicents. We are generally first aware of increases through articles in the "Alligator', and by then it is too late for any effective action. Student Government. which claims it does something. could substantiate its claim by publicizing proposed increases ,&ell In advance of the dates upon which they wilt be acted by the Regents. THANK YOU for lyring to keep us informed of what they (the University administrators) are doing to us. rather than for us. R E.Ball EDITOR: On page II of Thursday's Alligator you report certain observations by Mr. Richard Adams on British Universities. It is regrettable that they present a picture distorted beyond all recognition. The type of rigid supervi~ion to which he alludes passed away long ago -even at Oxford and Cambridge. I should say that British students enjoy a measure of freedom quite as great as that found anywhere in the world. The assertion that "there's still a feeling women have no business in college is. I am glad to say. too absurd to merit detailed refutation. I: would be interesting to learn what evidence Mr. Adams possesses to support his (apparent) implication that 'suicides and breakdowns" during final e taminations in Britain exceed the number of similar misfortunes in American colleges. Fortunately my years at the Universities of Cambridge and London have not taught me to regard British students as ''just cold fish.'' I willingly endorse Mr. Adams remarks on the friendliness of their American counterparts: but do not feel that, in doing so. I must denigrate my cornpatrio4s -cnn "with a smile D.W.T. Vase7 Visiting Associate Professor Greek and Latin The extra 600 Half a truth, half a truth. Half a truth onward To the University Strode the six hundred. Forward the student brigade! Here are our cards! they said. Into the basement of Tigert Strode the six hundred. 'Welcomet' officials cried. Smiling and shifty-eyed This class has multiplied!' Someone had blundered. Theirs not to make amends 'These are the latest trends That's how the budget bends.) Into the basement of Tiger Strode the six hundred. Registrars to the right of them Deans to left of then,, Vice-Presidents in front of them Volleyed and thundered. Handled the crisis well: Fired some personnel. Grad students on the outs Are we men or are we Nlautz"' Dean of the College. he's Making apologies fo the six hundred. When will their glory fade? They stormed the barricade Noble six hundred. What though the classes swell? What though the standards fell? On paper it looked well: An extra sax hundred. Maurice Meshugeh L 

PAGE 10

N,, P,9.iO. II. Ind.p.u.d.n~ florid. Ailigotor. Monday, ~.bnsc.y tO, 1915 Student named to check profits of books tore By JANET TAYLOR Aliantor Staff Writer Dwight Hall. I UC. a UP finance and banking major, wila examine the financial records of the Campus Shop and Bookstore today. MIII was named by Student Government Secretary of Consumer Affairs Dan Lobeck to check the records of the bookstore following a ian. 28 meeting with Richard Schifihi. UP business manager. Lobeck charged the bookstore with making excess profits at that time. "WE SHOOT FOR a low profit and we achieve a low profit," Schiffli said. He added the bookstore was operating on a profit margin of 2.7 per cent. Sam Getzcn. manager of the bookstore, would not allow Hill to see the records until he had permission from Schiffli. Schiflim said at the ian. 28 meeting the records would be available for an audit. He said excess profits might be an accumulation of profit that the bookstore had not counted on. "HE KEPT INSISTING on things that I just felt weren't accurate" said ix'beck of the meeting with Schiffli. Lobeck did a study of the competing bookstores' profits compared to the campus bookstore's profits In the spring of 1974, Getren said. the campus bookstore" profit margin was around jour per cent, according to Lobeek's study. Lobeck said he checked with Florida Bookstore Manager David Bauchee and found the profit margins to be between 1.7 and two per cent THE STUDY AlSO REPORTED that Malone's Book and Supply Manaaer Bill Zeanah said his profits were 'no more Robbery suspect Two Gainesville youths wanted for the robbery of the First Federal Savings and Loan of mid-Florida at Gainesville Mall were arrested Friday night in New Orleans, according to Gainesville Police Department (GPD) spokesman Dick Gerard. Gerard said GPD had been notified by authorities in New Orleans that one of the youths was arrested within the city limits of New Orleans when his car was stopped on a routine check. Gerard said the New Orleans police discovered that the than four per cc"' by any mean' Getzen said the bookstore present profit margin is about one pet cent. According to Schiffi'. UP policy is that the campus bookstore not compete with the other bookstores and must acquire just enough cash to remain in business. Howeer, Lobed claims if they have a 17 per cent profit niargin as the other bookstores have, then they must be making a profit. ts caught in La. youth was wanted by checking a national computer lasting of wanted suspects. Under interrogation, the youth revealed the location of his accomplice. The other youth was apprehended in a mobile home in Kenner. Louisiana. Gerard said Gerard said the youths have been charged with kidnapping and auto theft as well as armed robbery The youths abducted two employs of 11w savings and loan during the robbers and released them near Melrose. Gerard said extradition proceedings to bring the pair back to Florida tor prosecution have begun. P t 1; 

PAGE 11

Th.Ind.p.nd.n*Fqorido Ailigoto,. Monday, F.bau.ry ID, P975. Po* I) Hiring plan evaluated *-V -S taii 392-9519 fo, ff0. information By JANET PARK ?fl[,AcJ(iCLifftiv~I~ r I AllIgator Staff Writer Sponsored by STUDENT AGRICULTURAL COUNCIL tSIIC.' >~*C*S >,~ Dr. Harold Hanson. hF executive vice president, and Dr. Hattie Ressent will visit individual hF departments 0Th. beginning this week to discuss aspects of the departments approach to hF's affirmative action plan. Bessent. an administrative intern currently working on UP's affirmative action plan, said she and Hanson. UF director for affirmative action, have evaluated affirmativt action checklists completed by department chairpersons. THE EVALUATIONS of the checklists will show what areas in a department's affirmative action program need to be concentrated on. Strengths and weaknesses of the departments procedures for implementation of the plan will be discussed. No schedule has Art it-v-i (2 ~ been set up for the visits; they M roflrnerltaI rtLIUII ~.iI"OU~ will be on a random basis. 4VA. ~Jrb Vn~or~ 3 orjn~O according to Bessent. The affirmative action plan is required by law to he developed and put into action. A supplement to UF's plan was submitted to the Department of Health. Education and Welfare (HEW) and is currently being evaluated. Hanson. as UPs director for affirmative action. supervises all aspects of the pla&s implementation. He S '4 said he doesn't think this S specitic checklist system of departmental action is UPD 0~ By LINDA WISNIEWSKI AllIgator Staff Writer A new committee has been formed at UP that plans to "open lines of communication between UPD (University Police Department) and the campus community, atcording to its organizer, Ken Chapman. The goal of the UPD Uason Committee is to make students understand the basic roleofUPDon campus. Most of the problems between UPD and students result from students being misinformed," Chapman said. Chapman plans to "open the lines of communication" by holding open committee niectings that students can attend to offer "student input.' "AFTER EACH MEETING ~cll ask for questions and comments from the students," Chapman said, ploring certain areas on a generall scope. Its teaming to ~o out on a tangent and stan talking about parking and traffic tines, hut we wan, to > *4~'.~*.~~w.-pb i*encrai HANSON ,chmksAA plan required by HEW. INSTEAD, HANSON SAID, "We are committed to internally making sure something is happening with the plan. The checklist was formulated to directly relate to specific areas in UF's affirmative action plan, according to Bessent. The plan calls fir data to set reasonable goals for hiring women and minority workers: several questions center on recruiting techniques. Bessent said. "Making these jobs accessible to different groups of people is the purpose of widening the field from which job candidates are selected. "WE CAN SUGGEST non-traditional methods of recruitnient.' she said. She cited listing job openings not only in trade journals and the Chronicle of Higher Education, but in the Affirmative Action Registry as well. Another area on the checklist includes demonstrating the presence of women and minorities in the en fines' particular job field through their attendance at conterences and through the printing of brochures showing them an research and teaching Positions. MOST DEPARTMENTS RESPONDED to the brochure development with the reminder that they had cut their expense budgets so far they could not afford to have brochures printed. Hanson said, "Something that has bothered me all along is this emphasis on the written plan itself. The Important thing is to do tight.' Other areas covered by the checklist ensure applicant selection procedures are on file and have been applied equally to all candidates, and that resources in a department are allocated fairly. HANSON STRESSED THAT some parts of the checklist "are clearly not applicable for a particular unit for this year.' For example. individusi Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (WAS) units were required to file a checklist but since hiring is done centrally, the sections on recruiting and hiring do not apply. Developing brochures and equitable purchase of resources are examples of questions not applicable this year under the current budget picture. Bessent said the visits to departments are not under any deadline but were merely to "offer suggestion for turther implementation." sought interest." Chapman said, problem." Shuler said. 'For example. one meeting "WE HOPE TO discover will deal with rapes and how the possible existence of students can prevent them." problems students n'ay have he said, with the UPD. although we're The UPD Liason Cornnot aware of any such mittee was formed 'because a problems, except maybe with lot of things last fall proved traffic and parking violations. we needed greater comThese (violations) are not niunication between UPD. necessarily of student origin.' the student body, and the lie said. administration," Chapman We want the committee to said, citing the "drug inbe a positive program that vestigation' as being the will inforni students more "most prominent. about UPD' Denson said. The committee recon,THE COMMITTEE IS mended that UPD continue made up of volunteer its tours of UPD for student members from UPD. UP groups, he said. staff. andStudentcovernment "THE COMMITTEE (56) representatives, believes these tours would Some of the committee keep students informed about members are Rob Denson. UPD." Denson said. director of student judicial All names of committee affairs and new student members will be made knowit programs. UPD police chief to students so that they Audie Shuler, and Mike 'know who to contact if they Papantonio. honor court need help. Chapman said. representative, Chapman rhe committee has not set said. up a definite time or date for A total of nine people are he meetings. bus plans are working on the SO sponsored underway to hold ks first t'oninattee. he said, meeting next week. We want the coniniittee to The meetings will be held be a group that students can on the third floor of the i. conic to ,hen they want Wayne Reiti Union, 5*9S***e ** -4 

PAGE 12

a' 12, The Independent Acrid. Ailledor, Monday, F.6n.ery IS, IWS FOR SALE 974 Suzuki '>1 380 only 27~ mile, excel lent A I condition cal I Scott at 392 8383 asking Sl~ WEt L CRAFT 6 Airslot w I 40 Hp Me' (rUiser Stil I under worronty less than 25 hrs running Mutt see toll 375-3365 (0I~ 75-cl man flaw. Univ. An. rn-u:: 729 ft 926 -, I* j C twill free eke -no gave flu "The jazz Slugs'" *aa' .a.,. .u itS I ~ -a~ -I -.---S. -'s.Wont to travel around ii,. the University of Florida to FOR SALE Stereo Tandberg ~2 d.ck used but r,,int 5250. Empire 75~ end toble ,pks ~ beouhiftl N.w Ako' 370 for $489 list is $~ Spec 101 low prices on .ve.oI Technics receIvers ond cassette decks, plus discount prices Un oilier brand norn. corTIponents full wauoflty 3?8-9192. John 0 5t-~5-pC Queen ii'. bed $40 D.sk $20, both in excellent condition. Reosonoble oIlers ~ons'dend coil 3?6-699 coil oiler 5pm o44 75-s) 2 '60 Mobil. horn. 960 2 6* window air oil cIsc both V bldg 2% ml Iron, Campus wesigote $4250 376.4789 (a St !5-p} ANTIQUE CLOTHES SALE Sot & Sun F.b S & 0 on, ii 8 pm All hots. ewelvy. dresses lu's. a accessorIes under $10 532 2 Ave 377 2509 Unique items (o-&-73-p) yornaho 230 Enduro 970 model runs good ooowmS new top end lO~ 8 tune u~ $0 ~ 375-3449 Sisco (a-St-75-p) double motr.n &box spring used one month excellent condition $75 ~ coil 376-0352 (o-2t Vp) WALT DI SN Dl ROBINSON usllu2taCtM mcrt SUNDAY NW 3~ sTtflt ci's ?1.* hoUttVAtI* 2:15 4:10 8:00 7,80 9:35 PETER FINCH LIV ULLMANN THE ABDI&CI1ON State speaking about various organizations? FOR SALE Buffet Nine drawer antique ~,*Cfl ormico $75 conrad suitor with cose $35 ponnsor,'c cassette, recorder $8 373-6118 342S SW 2nd Ave $204 (a St 77 tt.owrmbl. 974 2 bedroom Mobile torn. PuSo nod Awning. Completely -up Brittony Eulotes Pork Lot 74. AdultSedon 373-2259 Afier 5 PM (AST 76-NC 96 portia' wagon super clean op de<L on, In, rodo outornotic power ,.nr'ng window. good ire. Jug~Og rock VS-5934 best offer roke. it (A-ST '6-P 974 ~AWASAKI. 75 Endure, Like New tO Miles, $6?5 ~ CoIl 3730265 Ev.n'ng or Weekend. Ca Sl75-p) SEAU~O L~4JID LUST~ Fo, sole queen size woter b.~ inch from. liner pod base & blocks .,od w'lf set up Trey 377 7011 o-St-7S-p) 23 Sportster custom seat pipe. bo, 2'" ml much ~hronie prima condlt'o., 37876E evenings $2'~ will tolk o-St-78-p) hunk desented male w'th shots and pope's cog. and extras 328 SW 34th St ~P' 53 $60 far everylhing (a-St 7&p~ 5 ft Fish 8 5k' boot with 6Shp Mecury and 'oiler oil in Excellent condition im call morning or evening 373590 10-51'8-p) FOR RENT WANT TO MOVV II you desire to move from your present location we con rent, sublet it or find you a roornmnte immediately at NO COST Call todnyll United Red Estate Assoc Inc 113 NE 6th Ave 3fl-6992 ~,-ft-S5-c) BEAT THE HOUSING SHC*TAOEIII Now is the tine to ito,, looking for tf'r~g ideal home for spring at foil qtr We hove many 'slings ovoil for then stroll deposit ccc hold t for you Coil today rn-s 92 2 be rToble home carpet oir pool in Alamo, Gd, clubhouse tennis gomeboom boskeiboll no pelt $150 month FREE LOT RENT 373-2831 (b-St.75Q We known bid people who wanito listen. If you've got a 2.0 average and if you've got the time, we ye got the speaking engagements. IntervIews Feb. 10,11,12 Hours 7 PMe1O PM Room 331 JWRU For more Information call 392*1661 FOR SALt Roommote Waned Own bedroom furnished opaitreeni nec, Mall $80 ma utilit Coil Let 378-5272 (8-ST-76-P~ (OUR Vi log. debbie OWN BEDROOM AVAi&A8L~ Apts 580 4 'A utilities Call oft., six p m 373-2944 (8-ST-Tbsublet I br apt. furnished, oil ele&ic. pets o'ce%,sed $145 mo pineirvood opis 44~A4l NW 39 ove phone 373-SI 12 nfl., 3pm lb3t'7p1 Large room in doubl, wide foe 'espofisible Female Prefer grad std 95 ~ mth '.~ utls 50 ~ deposit After 6 coil 378-013' (b-St Vp) I or 2 roommate, wanted for Village Pork A.~4 5223 rro + % utilities call Shelley 377-783a ofter 4 p.m keep trying move in now at soon (b-St 77 p) sublet opt I story, I b.drm bath heat, air cafpet~ three blocks to com~u, 1824 NW 3r4 place No 3 come by and see available now lbS. "-p1 Mole roommate for 2 be ape needed $6450 no + 4 utl dep $64 country 2 FEMALE ROOA~lES wanted to. poolside French Quods Apt 56 25 + utilities each coil 372-8155 (b.5-Ttp Wolk to campus No leases Extra sho'~. opt ideal fo, students, spacious bdr air & hoot, low rent 1242) Open 9on,Rpm 377-S92 2 bdr $140 No easel In quiet motion ideal for family or students Air hoot 8 many oxtrosi (212J $85 Utilities Paid No easel Cozy op. in secluded orco Large clean rooms, hoot carpets drap.s & opplioncet 275) Open Qom 8pm 3fl.Mfl Fireplace No easel 3 bdr, 2 both, with ci,, heat, den caipets pe* welcornell IIfl) tact. No easel Air. had cott*, drop. kinds I pets ok Call today (258) Open ain-8pnt 377-6992 United Real Estate Macc 1314 IbAve Open'doys 3774992 (b-54-Th-c) mobtl. horne6S .123 be 2 bosh mobile horn. clo. to campus central heat $ air cond firs months rent plus dei. info, coil 372-2921 9-5 doily (b-5t-78-pl Sublet I 8dm, furnished Apt, StonIng Feb IsrestofFeb rertfre.'ohi JijdyG, 392-1281 or come by 720-A SE 4 Ave oIler 5 pm (b-St-78-1 WANTED I sliM! !op prices paid for ckt rinp. old jewelry. etc. confldfltifl Ca,, OzzIe c3-a94 A&~!5L. Need i or 2 pret female rco.,bs. fireplacel Nw duck pond SUSO + -3 utillt'e IS nun fyonh corpus by bike 375-2252 1512 NW 2nd S come by (c-&,5-p) ___________________________ liberal female roomnlole own roon, in 3 br house furnished, close Is camp.,. VS no 1835 NW 5th Ave (c-rn-fl-,) roontote w.jneo ro, volt., 575 ma utditt own roan, on lb ocres lot no lea., no depoit coIl paui 317-5497 oiler 5 pm (c3-78.p) an PIN 'a CHARLES MO#dSON MAJISTVK *qhde.s bUs. by eq "STATE OF BOTH" K .3 '*18 9:15 * SO. RY 40 PASSES OR DISCOUNT TICKETS THIS ATTRACTION DR. N.J SIlVENS DR. RICHAADSTEVeJS ~ FIRST MOVU) TO 163) N.W lathS. ACROSS FROM GAINES yuLE NIGH SCI-OG PH(MJt 372-1229 BATS 10 RUM: E Idoy 2 days Z~: S doys or mar. p.rc.nt dlincount torn. moy be used to E place closlIled ode *llhr in E pencil or by mull. The mInIn~um charge ii II 25*0, E Iota Ames. For each oddifionol line odd 3SceM MuItip)y t+ine I ~ E ~ The d$.cognt Is only t.~ cofleecofive Int.fllcns 114U1 AU NO RSJNW I Acceptance at poynsent wItt .dnrfi.Jn copy do. no' cnd*jt. o b4ndlng ogue~tenr -tie hsd.wesdfl N.M. Sga.sop.MIS.~Jdc~y. The .depe.sd.M PI.dd. Sge~, ,mne tie rigis c" -sal. Iudge oct te .l.aIm.y CI 0fl1 C~d all adnvS.M coy wbeuin.d k. p.AIlcsIoo. and Its. r$gM~ d*, style. del.7 or 'elect any .dve.*Ing copy. two Do Ceodliuie 3 00 p r.~. doys pnor 'a stoning day NOT OU~ IV M4W41 toil lit's ad wilt, remittance preferred) S MIIsov Clesalliet. P.O. hr ISIS Univeally USes aa.a n. as mu Fr rnr r rFfl 'FF. C Kt r~ ~ t '~~1 ~->-'~ -H~--,--.~ ---a ~i ~i ---1 -TI -~ -"-.~ I-I FLORIDA BLUE KEY SPEAKERS BUREAU U b N q I I I I I I 

PAGE 13

The Ind.p.nd.n~FIoIda Ailigotor, Monday, E.bnso~y 10, 1975, P.s. ~3 {,~*iir*~ '<tz -~ LEWIS CLASS RiNGS n~$MQdDS WATCH RWMRS 200W Unlv.WYAV* 37t4106 --11W HANCOCICS AUTO REPAIR MI WeA Os.t.Me Mojor-Minor R.polvs 2OSNW bAy. 377.5185 0048-4-C04LECTOW S PRINTS MATED EDfl1CN PRINTS I at 17W.Unlv.3?&3264 t ~1 CUSTOM AMi~e IV. Unit An. 87S11M MIKE'S BookiSor@ -Pipe Tobacco Shop Downtown 'Stile M.PI*9 5.' II Limb. Count, .ulorator Service Lit. ,nato rsSic riots-O*n*rclorsForeign Car Service PH. 378-4011 S08 NW. 8th Ave. WANTED Now occopl'ng applicolions or sbmnr.~r camp counSelors at PtNFWGOD icr bcr~, and girl, in *enderson~nllo N Wi,,, P0 Box 4505 Normandy Brnric h Mum, Bench, El0 33)41 C LOT Zr, P Wanted role roonrrcte for own *cnrn in 3 bdrrT, Williamsburg $85 per ii, I 3 utijtres Behind Mpd renq~r 377-9633 or 373 5203 i C 3T 76 P female vaonrrote wormed 'he vii loqe or, a.ch.r rood own roen~ ~, I brA, 211K lowrhouse opt pool our's itt, 3'8-4409 500 no + ''hI C St 76 P WANTED' Adnprs~ r'rj P.presfntnt.ves jot V Pubirratton all 31' ()Qjt to, ruf Info c Atleni inn mole rind p Tin p U 'ide Part H mc kelp 540r'terl mii,*a ttrro i lrrdpyirs!m19 Coil 3'' 1t12 '~~~~ HELP WANTED ALASKAN PP NE a workers needed th's 'an report examine, iob op~ working cond'tons burg 015 ,ij weather ,nforrroliei, Alto our p!eie of conItoctor, and srbtcnrrnrrus Serirt S5~ to EMPtOVWNT OPPORTUNITIF S Box 13721 New Orleans La '0105 '@ 21 ZAw o ,.Iobl., port ''p. artist, ass, hours flexible slorling II 50 hr see 'ick '6'4 NW 3.d pl at tprur no ph cave nnte~ 'F 37 ?6P) nnmol total music frocks ion. pref .v quad tape derk' Ho produce rew forms hopefully ,c result 'n recur ds I~ cul herein Qick 1614 NW 3rd P1 at p'' ''0 ph cove '0105 {E IT 76 P) Perninnant Ooinesvt Is resident a or port time inc I udi nq evenings -ri weekends in etat nuS~ Store Should beobleto rend music At roinirrur,' nrust 6. able Ic ploy o I tIle guitar rid preferably ii liltie banjo M~itl hove good workrrg knowledge of nss'cal ,ru.icv, well as thorough knowledge 0t current oopu or Posit ion 'ri volt es soi em wok, checking in rrercharrdse 0~ during, and rnulrrLcle of odd't'cno, '.ponsrb'l dies this *s a busy establish 'pent and require. aggressive indiidual in musiC wil hug Ho sicirIr hard and willing Ho consrsleritly keep assigned hour, Prior soles ,,ork in a jetoil store preferred ~efererce, r.~uirsd Call Bill at 37311617 for rn erview EST 76 C) Address and Seu$ envelope, At Home 5,W Per Month, Possible Ago And Location Does Not Matter OP.1 Detail, Send ~c.nts #efutidobl*l To TripleS -T4 4y 30, Pin ion dii Is Ca iQ2372 in40m UACX MONO 1OCt31 M RANCH Horn. r.n~.d by t~. Hr AJ.o hon. for sol. 591 1347: 20 rm So of GngrnvlII. On flew --mciuauc ENGINE ANALYSIS Will ANINEUP W paces ow plugs. pSi. cond. a labor Ilmi h&.2S 19 N. MAIN ST. PHONE 372-520 SUNG WEB HEALTh FOODS Heltam 8 Wdd.r NO Pnducts Vilmelas. Mines's mZ~.,, k.&~ cessNa 7 WS ~."S'p b. I SidIk NSb ft.S U' -I ml HELP WANTED '(erisert rd estain Salesperson for 'r~tionol r nirpony Quoranritad so lory o'r'r'''s~on Cal' ~ or Sisre 377 69/3 iF S~6QCr ~l Ai HLJA FUNERAL L HOSPITAL Need, Phi ~~po'inced ii' loll "nrA u~erieicl 'e&]'cii 'ur~;.(nl nrc *0r 3 r I and It 7 ~tts A 'si, o''~ PN rind one O~T or rr~j ~nn,,r M' 'g te mx per 'prced elliot err ploy,., trend Is rod work 'least. icr I 372 4321 ,t 2 .'212 SW C AUTOS 'yO S C)~VFTTF PLACE We buy and +'' lncksciivillr Florida I 388 3311 ill ririlt (asrt Ave 20t lipl 1*3 ~nr iii ID Wugori PS PS 0 Pass T Hitc fri $t()0 JiQ SNJV 'G 5776 fl VAZOA I)] F~X2 o''ly l7~j vies am ja,~ufcar sedan silver grey iii' 16 5012 &L!Ju ii~ SI)? nfl PERSONAL SAMMI('S ARRIVEO PROM LONOON NOW OPEN Specializing in English ho', ult' ng blow woving for the in look guises Drop by Colonial Plozo 716 W Iii iv Ate 3fl643 (~ SOt-53.p) ~tdN1OinQ nv'iri'oiis $11 40 per 100 '''mess ards 19 95, rubber stomp, inrognetir signs, offset printing Cliff Hoi Prurtnjj 103 N Mom {J FR 50-C) j 55cc 5 NW 5th Ave Sirr ~ven ~ in 9 tro loi~sH over oil 372 8039 I $20 per nor, raft I3ih Si i Men thri, 1,e 7131 (J-20T 60-Pt ho'' renroved per Edrir mu nrA Dwrer '0 yearS experience FR 61 C1 ABO#TION S tOAL for ,nfo on tow cost, set, uburi, ons n mode, approved <vii 'ties oil IIIE LADIES CENTER 355 36~3 'i ii 53 Poii ho, ~nokpocks Rocks W homes r.,i% Pu1ty %hrs flit' Shees White ~ Speedo 50tk rig Sri ''S or, U,,, Club Aliens AquoliE Trail enter 1448 W U,, ,v 373 9fl3 i~' 72 0' 0' tv ecth~, jerk never wears out C]Ivcys wear, 'n A, MasanDu we ~)er ici .zp uslom I otber work 1K i~el belts (cots or kets monday, I )ogs it ~r an be mode of leather. ,e an iioke a suit you MoSon~u 'IS' W I lni~ersity Ave open loom 6pm Mondcv thru Soirirdoy by appointment Sundays S PvCn i 0)1 173 '470 i SP 74 Ast'oiegy r harts by di kk, a rare than 20 pn,$s of detailed analysis expLores he omplele pottern of your if., tolents and future 378 0649 (i St lAp) write poetry photo buff' drew beautiful toadies' prose gersi us? submit work for orisideruticri in NOW's anthology 315 IWRU 392 634 ii St 74 p) M+ imp appv 20 May aH yaur t, days i'll o' o~ healt$ & happiness & I I ~o~ir dreams conic rue Love, Nannies It '8 p1 A 'ew ~fe 't S ege stirring within hi' pPoci 'Cs at he comb and ye ~'i,,h discovered ,t, (0050 Or 'Cr i e' ~%" rot, re Babo N' it.nQI Ir 75 ci St ,dcinl desires porloer to earn color 1ev ci osi, og ii h Sonire darkroorr' ,.pei eec,. cjreferred CoIl Jo Ann at ~73 4737 tt 70 pi _________ SuPE~ BiKES INC Ho. a new '.rvc* jppor ,n'cnt vv ,tk the (tram' effiC rent I cop p n row,, or appoininient co'1 Don I'' 3722 Icr ~ojes S p0,'' cal' 377 690) Norton U rnrph Honda yarecha 344) sW Ac her rd The Small Shop hot cores okicur you our radii no fair prices 10,78 pi Ill IS --a-icO~PtII t''.* 0~ I-U' -SELL -73*86 -~ENl3 Ow PERSONAL If you ore pregnant end need help, we ore Call Birth, ight 3," 4947 (J 24' t~ P) ______________ l.rm Popersi Conodos lorgesl Service For catalogue send $21o Essay Sevtces, 57 Spadina Aienue Suite 2~ Toronto, Out Canoda Also cnrrpus rew.s.natires required PIcnic write (I 35t 70 p1 LOST & FOUND Lost gold wirer mmcd glosSeS in block beaded case lost Ion 28 between mallory and rnccorly halt, needed desperately colt karyn at 392-9093 1 31 '6-PI Found Car keys out ''Je at Sort, an Hail (oIl lI~ 565711 St 77 V St set of keys bet wise,, Beolt Iower~ and Vrhliomsai, Hall CoIl 392 7519 ~l 2,77 p1 Los, I 26 75. Tiger stripped kitten w white feel & flea collar NW 13*St & 4th Loris 377 0203 Reword (I 2t iSp) 'cmi german shepherd puppy on 2675 lasH heard about was sorreorse took her iron, a lady in tiger' hoff in registrars office coIl 392-7629 Donna (I-It Lost .n Norman area tJrkkomol 35mm (orijero in block leather rose (hiritmos film inside Phone 3920728 or 372 9573 1ewad I St ?8-p} SERVICES WIRED FC* SIGHT The E~gHass Super Mart Ut4HVfGSITY oPTICIANS 3~ SW 4th Ave 378 4400 I M 5053 C Sasic Advonced Suba Class. Staring Underwater Phoogrophy C losses Sorting Solos service r ertal air, trip. Tom Allen (Co-host of Wild Kingdom TV I AlIens Aquatrc Trail Center lAdS W Univ 373 9233 I m fr 72-c) round [0(165 'SOld Watts in viCinity Of cigh Half feb 5, 75 Call 377 8905 (I St 77 N EXPERIENCE TYPIST hail depnoucle RAtes negotiable term papers, resume. sic CoIl Phyllis 372-6767 ryi-3t so-p~ CaLEOE Of EDUCATt~ Need typewriter, calculator ditto machine? Or a phone from WHICh you car, calf? These and lots pore ore available in 321 Norman Hall n,-IOt7O-c) rPino any rnoterial fast and *flicient 75c double ,~oced pog BAA carbon ribbon electronic greek symbols too Coil will typ. yOst d'nenotlon, thesIs. manuttrips report, fast arid o~curo$* experienced 377-) 3 {M.5T-76-P) Ready 10 work have good wood and tools to build what you p1.os C.jstom Wnt.,b.d frame., painting, finishing, cheap, Dona 466-3666 oft., 6 p.,, (MIT -7& P) PASSPORT APPtICATICNS or RiSUME PICTURES aver night service Monday thro Thursday RO-MO 376 5&57 Inn St t5-p~ Send sonni you love wine 0O seine love LW' C, *tAk '0 / i~A r V aM ALL IGATOR VALB'411NE $ 25 3, ---ae-4 FREE UNIVERSITY CITY TRA% Elt [IC IRITRAK.PLANE.SHIP T 923 W. UnwuIIy Ave. Gulmavib. N. 32101 BEER ON SUNDAY NUBBYDS TACKLE BOX 1 BI. South at Light Newberry, Flo. ii I 

PAGE 14

I Pug. IA. 11,. Ind.p.nd.n*Rorido AiIIgo'or. Monday. F.brvovy 10, P975 -1? 44 4 ar~ ~Aa;4s r ~4I',4n bAt! SNU~YS -pub styl. Iunch*s, imported b.r fin. win., .n~y our fomoosfrufly Buqerot 1017 W. UssiveiSly For b.r, win. k.g. and I com to 0Mm VAOU. 2003SWlflhI' Op. 3Com to 12 pm. Fo. .om.Ihing n.w In a din. r.flhmnt Ivy th, pub In Iii. UNftUUIY UN. 1W) SW lfl. P~oo. 372-6333. VlSI Big kddy~. Wber.Yoor. N.wrflco&' 1W. locotion.: LDAphIghbt, Cm Cit7 and lb. Alibi. ISO A OMWAfl -w~n chnm breed. hulk. Mon. Sal. 7 p. till? Wooden nhwic oil week Happy Hour Mon V.147 pm. A spisodid time Is guoront.d for oil. flU NW~ St 377.98% KJ1MWf COIJASY KITCHEN Is flow serving horn. county cooking. &.oIdos .pecIoI% $1.23: lunch .p.cloI., $2.00. At ft. 0~eSlh Linduck M.&et N. 441 3724219 Alibis GAUl HALE -bl.In. Tok.o,,t In. It d.IIva.d. Slav am food (cod bar or win.) any way yoo wont 377. 6310. U. haib. Mc hr im Wed lAth. 376-2339 serving honsesnod. soupe salads sos wiche. ~uka no.11,1g. and heed goad. op., 10:30.5:30 1I-A:U Sot. a' fli OW ho. on oHm you con mfu. Sup. lunch .p.clols for oily $1.25. Ovm5O .ondwlch. tchocnfm*OtlIISIW lIST. It'wEAmrI OOMINO S PIZZA -FREE DELIVERY. Eo.t.Id. 376-33)7, Campus 3742487, W.*Id. 378. 2415. 3t. -a. GAINESVILLE'S NEWEST AND SEaT CHINESE CUISINE AND COCKTAILS ICftnS Cfl NEW rOAM -AMMjI fl SW 3m Wet T.a.fl. jndS ~n I.ah~a ~5~.~p. I-----a -, I I I I I 116 OUOINAI MOM~REAL SOFTWARE I '/4 lb IMPORT HAA~ B SWISS $5.35 BUDWEISER $150 flYCHE I I I ------------------I I I I I I I I I I ii ---------------------You can have' a coupon' ad on thisl page fori $7.92 Call 376-4462 -------------a --* -----S -----------------------I Your own I I pnsonatgd I I -I vammuws uay cams I I can~edudpbadm~cutIqt~wi~ip I I $2 off regular prIce I I Campus CommunistIon. I I I a Call Peggy 376-4482 I Si I I I I I I I I I I I I At ATMoj~ r '~ saw ow hew N*csMlJ~.i C~ p.r Coop. .~Jm. kt Feb. 15 User '%~ W 4.tr.r~ ~., C*%" 4UA4P bbjv% ~bsk.q~ v&n.ea Mm '3 ----k ----I I I I I I I I I I I I I -J w r ~ g a. I*~* your Sweetheart a hand ~al~d~ Valentine Gift & save at least 50% I by doing It yourself. I I (Well help you) I I ~ also give you a $2.00 discount1 with this coupon. a Coupon good F.b. 10 Shiv Feb. 14 I I Plaster Gallery Shoppeig C*nt. mfl.02021 ----------a ---------tsr -----------~ Kaystal 1432W. UNIV. AVE.1 IiB~j I INFLATION I C. ..I FIGHTER I I I CRYSTAL KING I FRENCH FRIES 'VYYi LARGE COKE I I I Feb. II 4 ------w DINt IN O TAJ(S O~? Al AIA*A&* Mac.' SPEC EAL VALENTINES MESSAGE PRINTED FRI. FEB.14 IN THE DECLASSIFIED CALL 376*4446 I I I I I I I I I I I I 'a 

PAGE 15

'I'hc [ndepen~I~nt Florida Alligator SRO'?TS P.g. IS Monday. F.b.i.,.1 10, 1975 Gators whip LSU 92-76, tackle Georgia tonight By ANDY COHEN Allipto, Sports Write John Lotz shudders every time he hears the name Jacky Done)'. And he's got good reason to. DORSEY IS Georgia's freshman superstar and is currently averaging 27 points a game for the Bulldogs. The 6-foot.7 leaper almost single-handedly destroyed the Gators victory hopes in Athens last month as he pumped in 31 points and easily controlled the boards. But the Gators had six players in double figures that night. and thwarted Dorseys one man attempt as the Orange and Blue were victorious by 14 points. Now, one month later, just about the time Lotz has begun to forget about Dorsey. he must prepare his team to face him 0,1cc again as the Caters will host Georgia tonight at 7:30 in Alligator Alley. "DORSEY IS ONE ci the finest players in America." Lotz said. "And he's only a freshman. He's the type of player that can turn a pcame around by himself. He has added a tremendous amount to Georgia's team But despite his presence. the Bulldogs have found it tough winning games recently while the Gators are currently -joying a three-game victory streak. BRUNOLAYSITUPFOR IWO has scored 49 points in lost two games 'Georgia was beating Kentucky by six points at halftime, ~o you know they have a talented group. Lotz said. We will once again have to play our best basketball in order to win. THE GATORS most recent win was a 92-76 triumph over Louisiana State. Chip Williams could do no wrong Saturday as the Gator captain grabbed down 21 rebounds, a career high and pumped in 25 points to lead his Gators to their third consecutive Win. When Williams wasnN hitting his short-range jumper. Bruno Caidwell was, as the sophomore guard equalled Williams scoring total with 25 points. THE ALLIGATOR ALLEY crowd of 4.480 saw the Gators mount a IS-point lead on live different occasions during the game but LSU refused to fold as each time they slowly edged Q~NN HANSEN, their way back into striking distance. After UF went into halftime leading 50-43. mostly due to 20 ~IWOId H opening-period points by Caidwell. LSU came out strong, Gene Shy and M narrowing the Gator lead to iwo points. 50-48 with 18:00 on br the Gators as ti the clock. Along with Willi But Wilbams and Caidwell resumed their scoring show and starting guard Don the Orange and Blue pulled away for the final victory margin, the Bulldogs. THE BENGAL TIGERS' all-everything forward Glenn DORSEY'S sup~ Hansen put on sonic kind 'F performance of his own as the talented freshman senior standout scored 36 points. Dorsey aid the Btil Caidwell claws By LOUIS BRANCACCIO Alligator Sport. Writer (jWdwell-the cat. There no need to read the nanc otr the back of his jersey or renieniher hR number. You'll know Norman Bruro" (ald.ell, IF guard. when he steps on the court. HF'S THE ONE that pushes that behind the back pass to .ini,:ate or brings home t~.o points by nailing a 20-foot tie ~ialks his opponent ~.ith last feet and hunuriting bands Before h '~ght barely begins-its over Brunos prey was another cat Saiurda~ ittersoon. the LSU Benga Figers. and when it was over he had clawed 25 points, bringing UF to a dirring 2.7h win. Combining last week~ point production against M'ssissippi. Bruno is one point shy of half a hundred. BRUNO SAID his mail, oh is to hit the open man on the court. Rut when the open T1flI~ is Bruno. he takes the shot. "Coach Lot,, gives inca tree hand. I have the go ahead and rake it if I got it." Bruno ~aid. And Bruno had U Saturday. He said when he takes that first 20 foot jumper and it eases through the net. it sets up positive attitude for the rest ol the game. "I DIDN'T think twice about it. I just shot, Bruno said. 4,.GENE SHY ~LIQ~ BOUNCING BALI. amen led all scorers with 36 poInts ike 1.edermen were also in double figures Ney scored 14 and 13 points respectively. aiim. Shy and Caidwell, Lotz plans on Bostic and forward Jerry Moore against porting cast is filled with youth as a crop led by Tony Flanagan and CharIty Ildog cause. Tigers [he trouble sonietimes begins. Eruno said, when he thinks too tong about whether he should or should not shoot. Bruno lid iiot have that problem Saturday Nine of IS from the field. nio~r of them coming trom 20 leer out, and seven of eight from the tree thro~t line, I he gator~ built up a huge lead. IS points, only to see it ~ bitt led n. a' once again~thi~ time to Iwo points with 6 niinutcs [cit Rrrno sa~d the Galors ha~c a tendency to let down when tIic~ zicliie'c ., hi~ lead *~~A' E GET nonchalant, Bruno said. But the Gators ~.on convincingly and Bruno sees an etclIent chance for the Gators to finish the season strongly. Lots ii gi'~ ~ot their contidencenow, Bruno said of his (can",1aw' Although Bruno had hot hand shorning Saturday at> ternoon. he said tie still enloys the passes he makes. "WHEN I make the good pass, the crowd goes ooo. When I take the good shot, he crowd goes ahh. I like the ooos better than the ahh's" Bruno said Caidwell and the rest ol the Gators pounce on the Georgia Bulldogs tonight. Caidwell. Watch him close tonight because he's sharp. lake your eye oil him and hell tear the net apart with a juniper quicker than a Caidwell-the cat. UFwrestlers now 31-0, await FlU By CHRIS GARRIn Alligator Sports Writer The Gator wrestling team flesh off its 3lst straight duel meet victory over Louisiana State Thursday night in Baton Rouge. will try and make it 32 Tuesday night as they host Florida International University (FlU) at Alligator Alley. UF which had its problems with a~esky LSU squad went into the final bout at' that match behind IS-lb. IIEAVWEIGNT Mask Totten rose to the occasion for the second straight week pinning his toe and pulling out the match as he did against Kentuck). Head Coach Gary Schneider took a ju~led lineup w Cajun Country minus three SEC Champions. watched In disbelief as two of his wrestlers built up huge leads only to lose their matches. Freshman Vie Holloway had a 7.~ lead with 30 seconds left in his match before he got put on his back and lost 10-9 on riding time. JOE RUSSO, filling in for injured SEC Champion Tin, Granowmtz was winning his match q-o at 142. when he got caught on his back in an offensive position and pinned himself. And Jeff Davis senior 158 pounder wrestling at 167 injured his knee early in his match before he got pinned in the final second of the second period of his bout. Schneider. who said he was just happy with winning the meet said after the match. We had every bad break 1,~sible in one match, and Holloway's and Russo's matches were particularly unfortunate" IN SLIPPING BY the Fighting Tigers, UF had outstanding performances troni Ailie Haberman 126, Mike Cotins 334. Bob 'Georgia Boy Saville ISO. Dan Lubell 158. and Tim Worsowicz I 7~ who all won decisions, Saville rolled to a 17.3 superior decision and Worsowier beat LSUS Sam Allen S-I, in the Gator's biggest wins. Allen had been a second place finisher in the junior college nationals. UF will put their undefeated mark on the lint once again tomorrow night against Flu, which Assistant Coach Ott Sanders says has a "pretty good team.*' THE GATORS will go with a juggled lineup again, as defending 118 pound tamplon Bob Roberts will be rested. Both Granowitz who is still bothered by a knee injury and Davis will definitely tniss the match Rut. one good note for IF is that Henry Jackson, defending SEC Champ at lqO. who missed the LSIJ meet with an ankle injury, will wrestle. According to Lubell. the teanCs leading authority on opponents, "FlU wilt be strongest in the 142.167 weight classes." FlU, which is comprised of junior and senior college transfers finished 5th in the Sunshine Open right behind the Gators earlier this year. and will be trying to reverse the tables when the match begins at 7:30. Jackson. co-captain of the Gators sq. FlU is "ex1W WCAS~ICZ big win at LSU perienced and wants to beat us badly." 1' 

PAGE 16

Ng. 16. Th. Ind.p.nd.mn PagiS. AJIioIor. Monday. Fbnoiy IC 1975 UFsW By RICK ADELMAN AIiIator Sport. Writer Last week at the MilIrose Games it, New York. Mike Sharpe became the first (lator so run 60 yards in six seconds. Now Willie Wilder has become the second. TIlE MUSCULAR sprinter from Names City lied Nharpes record Saturday tight when he won the 60yard dash at the LSU Invitatiwial. flit victory was one of tour Lady THE UF'S WOMEN'S SWIMMING TEAM came hack Ironi a Miami defeat last weekend to dunk Florida Stare University PSIJ) 68-62 Saturday atterroon in Florida Pool. Lady (3ator coach Sue Halfacre said that FSIJ was a better team than whet, UF met then, in January They (FSU) hae Improved considerable over our d e r ties Sharpe record tor the Gators Wilder, a halfback on the Baby Gator football team. defeated Greg Edruonds who is oneof the best sprinters in the country according to lIP assistant coach Roy Benson STEVE GOMEZ cx. tended his winning streak to rour as he captured first place in the I~M)-vard run in a ('rile ol 2125. Gonie, also ran the threequarters of a mile leg on the victorious distance medley Gator S last meeting, hut then so have ~e, particularly our divers,' Halfacre said, adding that 'he ~as really plca~cd with the performance ol Iresh man diver Lynn Bassett We ~erent down trot,, (he M 'an, i defeat, our nain concern was sickness on the team. assistant coach Mo Hughes said. THE UF WOMEN'S BASKETBALL TEAM easily INTRAMUBALS Men's Dormitory Bowkng will begin today. Men's dorn,, Little Sisters Sorority and Co-Rec schedules may be picked up in the IM office Friday, 229 Fla. Gym, 392-0581 XO won Orange League Sorority Badnutton and AXO won the Blue League championship today is thr deadline for signing up for Men's and Women's One-on-One basketball competition. Contact the IM office. 229 Fl. Gym. 392-0581. Tuesday is the deadline for signing up for Men's Independent Tennis and Engineering Basketball. team, but the foursome failed to qualify toi less than a Swede Pai honor, in winning it, A Doerr was t yard run. FRIDAY Philadelphia the Gators the NCAAS by econd. Wallin took top the mdc run. 132 while Ton, hird in the 600NIGHT track picked 'I: at the Classic three second places and one third hut the performance of the evening from the Gator point of view was turned in by 64X11 ports improved its record to 10-3 Saturday by defeating South Florida 79-35 A slow half ended with a 38-14 UP score [he second half saw the Lady Gators surge ahead in spuns. until the final ~-poznt victory. Leading the Lady Gators with 14 points were guards Freida Cheting and Val Bezarte. Gater Bonnie Bohall sank 13 points, and S-Il Sue Chambers scored tune points and grabbed eight rebounds. UF WOMEN'S TENNIS TEAM easily defeated South Florida 9-0 Friday. Lady Gator Coach Sue Whiddon was extremely pleased with what she saw as her women netters took to the court for the first time this year. I ant impressed with the depth of strength our new players have given us. Whiddon said. "Inner Horace 1uitt [he Trinidad terrors time of 111.2 was almost a full second better that, runner-up Robert Ouku. a 1972 Olympic gold medal winner. The Gators mile relay quartet set a school record but had to settle for second plact. two tenths of a second behind the nations topranked foursome [torn Seton Ha IIMITCHELL GOINGS, I uitt. Noel Gray. and Beaufort Brown were clocked in 3. 3.3, breaking last seasons mark of 3:14.2. lnthe440-yard dash Brown 'as second to Seton Hall's Chancy Josephs. who won in 48.7 seconds. Brown was time in 493. Mike Sharpe got second place in the 60-yard dash as he was nipped at the wire by Steve Riddick. Both runners were clocked in 6.!. GATOR HESLEY Bostic tied his own school hurdle record of 7. I set in 1973 when he finished third behind North Carolina Central's charley Foster and runner-up Willie Davenport. Marty Liquori won the mile run in 3:55.8. second fastest time ever recorded indoors. UF's Frank Belts was seventh in 4:09. Several' Gators took part in the Mason-Dixon Games Saturday night but the results were not available at press time. EVERY MONDAY NIGHT PIZZA BUFFET 53-723 PICK VOtE FAVOUTF S.I.cllon of flavor baked pizza and garde. fred' salad. $1.3. Hm inz~ 316 S.W. 16th Ave 376-4521 ALSO NOON lIME LU 1rE "'I., 4 lb St V. r 
