
PAGE 1

7! 4/ I 9 IF -0. v~d 1 -t If 4 1' e -I .> cd4 E t .1~ .IF Ix S 0 ~~Ix a -1 ] *0 U) } I -~ \~ 

PAGE 2

a ouiigator, tuesday, oapas 0 Audit continued students who failed to pay their lies never were flagged, allowed to live on campus alter failing to-register. from poge one allow ing them to receive their grades and register for the Housing Director James Grimm, questioned on his way i next <jua rter. a meeting, said he did not have time to explain what happo double jeopardy to take a student's financial awards away "If that has happened it has to be an individualized proed but said "there's a reason foreverything wedo." while they are on academic probation," he said. "You precessing error," said UF Registrar Vernon Voyles. "A In the ease ot the woman who lived in UF dorms Inr vent them from trying to make up the deficit. It would be msd ificatison we are making to the computer should reduce quarters without completing a class or paying rent, L like taking a scholarship from an athlete after a bad game-. to a minimum the human error. responded that the person registered for classes thn Turner said UF guidelines allow financial aid for partIn a third student-related area, the auditors found that quartersbut droppedher courseseach time. time students. housing ssfticials have permitted students to stay in UF dforThe auditors also repsarted that the records of sonme mitsories sbespite non-pay ment of rent. Some students were The students is paying the back rent, UF's reply alsostata Census continued from page one Fewer students mean fewer state and federal dollars, but where campus enrollment will drop depends on migration patterns, which have been flowing in Florida's direction. Florida's population has swelled from 6.8 million in 1970 to almost 10 million in 1980. The rapid influx of people from the North and Midwest has helped the State University System rolls grow from 23,713 in 1959 to almost 120,000 in 1980. But Florida's decade of higher education expansion has ended. Although census projections indicate the university system will not feel as drastic an enrollment squeeze as other institutions of higher education, university enrollment is expected to stabilize or show only moderate growth. "There's no decline here," said George Bedell, vice chancellor of the university system. "In-migration is enough to overcome that. Florida isn't going tosuffer the way the rest of the country is." Another trend the census will depict is a slight transformation in the profile of collegestudents. "What you are going to see is an increase in older students usually parttime," said Rosalind Bruno, a census statistician. "There'll be a higher proportion of women in college." A boost in the number of "nontraditional" students has "put an emphasis on urban areas," said Joe Stafford, vice chancellor for planning and budgeting for the university system. Compared to urban universities -the University of South Florida in Tampa and Florida International University in Miami -Stafford said UF has the youngest student body, which is the portion of the student population expected to decline. Maore southern political leverage and consevatlsm Along with keeping Florida classrooms full, the influx of uprooted northerners also will give Florida more political5 leverage in the form of three extra seats in the U.S. House of Representatives, according to census projectiions. A lower cost of living and more favorable climate has attracted more and more people into the Sunbelt. In two decades, many of the industrial northern states have lost population -and political influence. 19 1971, 1 seats were shifted, most of them anti the Sunbelt. Next year, the region iuld gain 14; three in Florida, twoin California, two in Texas and one each in Arizona, New Mexico, Oregon, Tennessee, CoIr a do, Utah and Washington. The states losing seats would be New York, four; Illinois, two; one each in Massachusetts, Ohiio, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, South Dakota and Michigan. "This will increase the influence of Florida (in Congress)," said Manning Dauer, UF political science professor. "But it also means that if federal revenue sharing is continued, Fiorida will get more funds." Another outcome of congressional reapportionment, besides tilting the power base, is a move toward more "moderation or conservatism" in the political climate, Dauer said. The side effect of massive migrations to Florida will be a louder voice in Congress and a greater number of federal dollars in local coffers. Another side effect, however, will be the diminishing of two of the sunshine state's natural resources: farm land and drinking w ater. Florida had an estimated growth rate of 30 percent, or 2.1 million people between 1970 and 1980, said UF sociology Professor Anthony LaGreca, who directs the Urban and Regional Research Center. Census figures put Floarida's growth at about I million more for the next decade. The Florida boom should continue through the century, raking in federal money for education and highways and stimulating the economy. LaGreca said. "Florida will have some of the fastest growing SMSA's (metropolitan areas)," LaGreca said. Those areas are Tampa/St. Petersburg, Ft. Lauderdale, Ft. Myers, Tallahassee, Orlando, Sarasota, West Palm Beach and Gainesville. The census report, clue to Florida legislative leaders April 1981, is expected to pave the way for state reapportionment, giving more legislative power to those metropolitan areas. But legislators also must cope with the effects of population growth, which will put "a severe strain" on the state. "For every 10,000 new urban residents that move into the state, 2,000 acres of farmland is lost," LaGreca said. Since 1970,,the citrus industry has lost 70,000 acres of groveland, he added. "This doesn't mean doomsday for the. state," LaGreca said. Farmers have found new methods to increase production, and much new industry has entered the economy. But water depletion could be Florida's doomsday. A potential water shortage -particularly in South and Central Florida could be the "worst situation our state will face," LaGreca said, unless new ways to purify and obtain water are developed. One urban trend depicted by the 1980 census -the revitalization of cities -is misleading, LaGreca said. While a larger number of young people are remaining in the cities, the greatest influx of people is into the the newer, metropolitan areas. Older, northern industrial cities still are being abandoned. Census statistician Diana DeAre said the two movements consist of the "revitalization of cities," and movement of older people into "non-metropolitan areas," or open countryside. "It's misleading in terms of bringing people back into the cities and in terms of overall population," LaGreca said. "Young people don't move out as much, but there's no significant influx into northern industrial cities. There's not a movement to the countryside." Changing social profile The 1980 census reflects the changes of a socially volatile decade. One of the trends in the 1980 social pattern is that for the first time in history, more than half the women aged 16 or older are in the labor force. Both spouses by 1980 worked in half of the 48 million married couples. But despite women's greater participation in the job mai-ket, gaps still exist between the salaries of men and women. The median income of women was 58 percent of men's income in 1967. Ten years later, women earned 59 percent of their counterparts' pay. "While women's salaries are not commensurate to men's, it's also because the job market is rotten," said UF Professor Irene Thompson, director of the Women's Studies Program. In many other cases, Thompson said, the pay differential exists because women are unable to climb in their careers and must compete with minorities for jobs. The number of "traditional" families, according to census projections, has dipped to an all-time low -one third of 77 million households in the United States Traditional families are defined by the Census Bureau as husband, wife and children. The number of unmarried couples living together has doubled in ten years to 1,346,000. "The thing we repeatedly discover (in annual surveys) is, a substantial increase in non-family households and single parent families," said Arthur Norton, census statistician. Non-family households, or people living alone, have jumped from 19 percent of the 63.4 million households in 1970 to 26 percent of the 77 million ten years later. Single-parent families have climbed from 3.2 million to 5.6 million since 1970. In ten years there has been a 50 percent increase in the number of single women, who total 8 million. Does the 1980 census depict a decadelong erosion of the traditional American family? Perhaps. During the 1970s, women became more aware of their possibilities, Thompson said, But while there are fewer traditional families, she 'said marriage itself iS strengthened in many cases by the satisfaction both partners derive f rom their careers. Thompson said people may choose to marry at an older age, have fewer children, or avoid marriage. "There's an increased awareness of men and women that in some cases they are not fulfilling each other's needs." m v l ----$1.00 OFF eSSc ANY ORDER OVER $5.00 P iValid only with coupo"*at R 1R Renaissance. Not valldvWith other ri n coupons. Epr may 1. 19S Specialists in Theses, Dissertations, and Resumes $2.00 OF F ANY ORDER OVER $10.00 IVaid only wihcoupn at, Complete copying & printing service .n., A thohe cou po t %fpie ai -e Offset printing SCMonday -Fri. 8a.m.10 p.m. $5.00 OFFE Typesetting ~ 9am 5pm I ANY ORDER OVER 1 $25.00 1702 West University Avenue 3Va46only M oupon 372-4669 c"pns 1iare'"1.1" S"Pthe Har eePlaza" **" -" WANTED Students. Young & "Hard Luck" Drivers to call & check our LOW LOW .enof AUTO & TRUCK INSURANCE RATES $44 veaay UNIVERSITY INSURANCE 1 5408 S. W. 13th St. (Beside BrownDerby Call for o courteaassQuote I [I I .I The Alligator.with an editor ial environment that's charact ized by trust and honesty Mad No ej so I iii j I .4 Ir*-*" .1 1l oa d e 

PAGE 3

our UF remedial programs ay be abolished by 1985 11 ,tor Staff Writer percent of students admitted to state universities may have high school averages and At least four UF remedial education prostandardized test scores below the required grams may be abolished by 1985 if a Floridla minimum for other students. legislative committee's proposal is approved, The 10 percent rule is designed to aid in although at least one local legislator is opposrecruiting minority students. ed to the bill. Millssaid the committee killed a proposal The House Higher Education Committee to continue the programs by a 6-6 vote. That approved a bill amendment Monday which move was followed by a proposal to phase would prohibit state universities from funout the programs by 1990, which also was ding remedial programs. The bill is expected rejected. to receive committee final approval within The amendment finally approved, which two weeks, according to Rep. Jon Mills, Dwas proposed by Rep. Richard Holes, DGainesville. The bill then will be presented to Tampa, would continue remedial programs the House and Senate for approval. in the 27 state community colleges while Mills, who voted against the amendment, dropping the programs from state universaid Monday, "if somebody has the aptitude sities in five years. 'to get in college, we should always have the Mills argued such a proposal would be programs to upgrade their skills." "wasting resources." UF officials said there currently are at Rep. Bill Conway, D-Daytona Beach, least four remedial programs at UF that cost argued in favor of the amendment, and told more than $200,000 a year. the committee that the money being spent on Mills pointed out that many of the students remedial education programs in universities in the remedial programs were admitted statewide could be spent better in.0. under the 10 percent rule. Under the rule, 10 kindergarten through twelfth grades. 'Parking sign plan meets approval, will save money on signs, decals By Pat Cavanaugh .Jones said there currently are more .n 90 Alligator Staff Writer different decals issued. Under the new plan -which would involve only about 40 decals UF students should find it easier to deter-costs would be cut, Jones said. mine which parking spot their cars belong in In other action, assembly members under a plan tentatively approved by UF ofgranted special parking privileges to ficials Monday. chemistry professors who work in Leigh The plan, which also is designed to save Hall. money on parking signs and,decals, would Chemistry Department Chairman Yngve establish 40 color-coded parking areas. Ohrn wrote to the assembly that lack of Members of the Campus Planning Assemspaces in the Leigh Hall lot -particularly at ble Monday approved the plan unanimously night, when many students are using the after Doug Rumble, acting chairman of the nearby library -is keeping professors away UF Parking and Transportation Committee, from research projects that could be said the program would save UF enough dangerous if left unattended. money to pay for itself. Assembly members decided to reserve 15 UF Traffic and Parking Coordinator Bonparking spots in the Leigh Hall lot for nie Jones said cars would park in lots marked chemistry professors 24 hours a day. by signs of the same color as decals on the Both plans require approval by UF Excars. ecutive Vice President John Nattress. Lawyers seek injunction in dean case Circuit Court Judge R. A. "Buzzy" Green with violating the Government in the Sunis scheduled to hear arguments today from shine Law by closing the meetings is decided. lawyers asking for a temporary injunction Attorney Sandra Bieber, representing the prohibiting closed meetings by the UF law publications, said she has subpoenaed UF school dean search committee. Academic Affairs Vice President Robert Bryan and law professor Fletcher Baldwin to A law student and two publications, intestify. eluding The Alligator, are asking that closed The hearing will be in Judge Green's meetings be banned until a suit charging UF chambers in room 440 of the Alachua CounPresident Robert Marston and a UF professor ty Courthouse at 2 p.m. uMugatortuosday, aptil 1, 190, 3 Send In the clowns UF's annual Carnigras festival opened its gates last night at 5 p.m. with workers spending Monday setting up the rides, exhibits and booths. Located on the ROTC Field, Cornigras runs through April 5 with profits benefiting the Gator Loon Fund. .1 HARD CONTACT LENSES $150.00 INCLUDES FITTING FEES, CARE KITS, &.FOLLOW-UP CARE Optional Spare Pair Most Prescriptions In Stock Millhopper Optical. Inc. 2516 NW 43rd St. i 376-OW8 I 6 Just some of our great waterproof packs.:15 different styles to choose fromWeve got the one to fit your needs with lifetime warantees. AEN SAQtTIC AND TRAILc4w. m 

PAGE 4

Supreme Court upholds deportation WASHINCTO,7 T hie Supreme Ciurt today refused ti block the deportation of Iranian students in this country illegally, ordered by President Carter in retaliation for the taking of American hostages in Tehran. The justices turned down a request from the Confederation of Iranian Students, which sought to bar the Immigration and Naturalization Service from deporting students pending a fullscale appeal. A federal district judge ruled that the government could not single out the Iranian students for screening and deportation. But an appeals court overruled the judge, and the deportation program now may go ahead pending a full appeal by the student group. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia ruled in December that the administration could continue checking the visas of Iranian students and deporting those in the country illegally. Group says coffee caused birth defects WASHINGTON -A consumer group said today a woman who avoided all drugs during pregnan cy, but who drank 10 to 12 cups of coffee daily, gave birth to a child with no fingers or toes, probably due to the caffeine ingested. The National Coffee Associatiuo, hoswecer, said it still blee "there is no evidence' that cottee' or other catteine-containing beverages causes birth defects." Mrs. Dawn PrevettrtVirginia Reacts, Va., gave birth to at laughter, who is now 15. She said she avoided all drugs, including aspirin, tobacco and alcohol during her pregnancy. 3 charged in Miami for smuggling MIAMI BEACH -Three Miami men were charged with smuggling aliens into the United States Monday after police arrested them in a boat near where 38 newly arrived Haitian refugees were caught flagging down cabs on busy Collins Avenue. do@@ The three were arrested after a passerby saw the Haitians, some carrying babies, swarming onto the beach behind the Holiday Inn motel early Monday morning, according to Miami Beach police They were identified as Antonio Lopez, 38, Luis Sanchez, 24, and Guillermo Herrada, 42. U.S. Border Patrol Chief Agent Carl Riedinger said each charge could bring a $2,000 fine and five years in prison. Panel backs bil' to shut 'head'-shopsl TALLAHASSEE -The House Criminal justice Committee moved Monday to close down "head" shops. The members voted 10-0 for Rep. MIary Ellen Hawkins bill making the manufacture, sale, possession and advertising of ceramic pipes, bongs, spoons, scales and other items used to ingest drugs illegal. No other state has passed such a law. Hawkins, R-Naples, said the bill will clarify the double standard that makes marijuana, cocaine and other dmsgs illegal, but allows young people to purchase "stuff to get a better high." Hawkins said the proposal will not --affect legitiniate sales, but only items sold in "head" shops. The bill, which now goes to the full House, makes possession and advertising of drug devices a misdemeanor, and manufacture or sale a felonv punishable by up to five years in prison. 600 seek safety from floods in South Two persons were killed and more than 600 were forced to flee their homes in some of the most severe flooding in years in Georgia, Mississippi and Louisiana. Rescue workers in Macon, Ga., searched for the codyt of a man believed drowned in the swirling floodwaters of the Ocmulgee River. In Louisiana, a 68year-old fisherman drowned in the Pearl River when he was swept away by flodwaters. The floding Rogue Chitto River crested at Franklinton, La., leaving hundreds of inundated homes and the city's sewage plant swamped. But officials predicted even more extensive flooding helows the point where the Bogue Chitts joins the rain-swollenPearl River. Mississippi residents got some relief from their recent steady diet of rains, but forecasters predict more flooding in ApriL Psychic forewarns U.S. congressman ORLANDO -The husband of an Orlando psychic confirmed Monday that U.S. Rep. Richard Kelly contacted her for guidance in a personal investigation of some "very dangerous people." and said his wife warned the congressrman that FBI agents were involved. That was before the FBI's "ABSCAM'' investigation of congressional corruption leaked to the public, the psychic, Robyn Jameison, told syndicated columnist JackrAnderson. After the ABSCAM investigation was made public, Kelly admitted accepting a $25,000 payoff from FBI agents, but contended he took the money as part of his own investigation. Today's forecast calls for' increasing cloudiness with a high in the mid 80s (29 C) anda low in the mid 50s ( 1-12 C) tonight. The Board of College Councils And Cable Radio Pipeline Present: 0000. 0000. 0 00 * 0 00 0 @0 0 0 0 0 *4~, 0 0 0 0 0 000000 .0.00 00 00 Og *. 0 00.00 0 00 0 0 *@ *0 *o Ooo 00 00 00 0 00 0 0 SafO 0 0 000 Og @000. 0 0 0 0 00 0 0 0 00000 0,, ~0 198 I 000S 00 00 : 000000 0 00 0~ 00 0000 For The Gator L oan ,Fund Special Nightly Discounts (Obtained a Ticket Booths) Spectacular Rides Super Loop Super Himalaya Zipper Hurricane Sky Wheel Location: ROTC Field Tuesday -High School Night (Wear Your School Colors) Wednesday -Greek Night (Wear Your Greek T-Shirts) Thursday -Dorm Night (Bring Residence I.D.) Friday -Midnight Madness (Open 5:00pm -3:00am) Saturday -Family Afternoon GATES Monday th 5:00pm -V 5:00mm Saturday l2:Ospm100pm DatsMrch231 jb ME -------------------------------------------------------WN low A I I Ai ___.I 11 Inew% 4. alligator, tuesday, april 1, 1980 worldwide 

PAGE 5

.77~lar 7e&y E --~uinUin~inmWuumummmt -fcp PER COPY 8 1 81/2 x 11 100% Rag While Supplies Lost BACKROOM 325 -W. 1219 W. UNIVERSITY AVE. 375COPYf 375-COPY X *A ;Un the 2-ftwry Electrolux Wilding Try our paghetti.Speial / AllDacrTudiay featuring Homemade "Slow-simmered" Meat Sauce and Garlic Bread F~eWlneAvallable ne Plat $2. Two Plate $ OPEN TO THE PUBLIC urant Lounge 1430 SW 13th St. 377-0348 George W. Meek* TACKLES THE MOST TANTALIZING QUESTION OF THE AGES illustrated Program Wednesday, April 2nd Holiday Inn University Central 8:00 P.M. Adn eslon $4.00Tickets at the door Mek* b ththe above title will beQiae after the program tRWk*C5U466NTWRIES SAY: "Builiet UPe -"A Cmse -"Required reading Tapo ie levelsof creativity & consciousnessPMenlege rr JRelgion & Science." -L.dse.M. aa le h.ih & n Ore iiooiedete n.iint riunsido dhiv oCrEls -ihedtei~uen e~isrnr a~ Contact lio t'. 1124 West University Avenue RA~JLFinancial aid office still taking applications y REgina Jackson iority," turner said. "As long as we have Altigatar Staff Writer the staff, we will keep making awards." Turner said he is concerned that people UF students who missed the March I who apply after the deadline may be dedeadline for submitting financial aid apnying themselves enough time to find out plications have an additional two months why they were ineligible to receive aid. to get them in, although they will receive Students underestimate the complexity "second class priority", financial aid ofof the financial aid process, Turner said. ficials said Monday. March 1 is the general deadline but inUF Student Financial Affairs Director dividual programs also have deadlines. Doug Turner said his office had received The Basic Education Opportunity Grant, 10,136, or 50 percent of next year's apNational Insured Loan, National Direct plications, by the March I deadline. "Ap Loan, Supplemental Grant and Work plications received after March I are still Study programs must all be coordinated being processed with a second class prothrough the UF financial aid office. Trial mailing of 'aid' checks may reduce long lines aBIll.Owney government suggested banks send the Alligator Writer loans to the universities, which in turn could disburse checks to students. Letter carriers all over Gainesville may Approximately 60 per cent of the he getting kisses this week, compliments checks are made out directly to the stuof a pilot program being tested by the UF dent and can be mailed, Turner said. office of Student Financial Affairs. Still, some students contacted by The Today and Wednesday 5,000 to 6,000 Alligator were left confused by the new students, who normally endure long lines procedure. awaiting financial aid, are to receive their "What if I already have an appointchecks in the mail. ment with financial aid?" asked Debbie The program involves only those Siemon, 3EG. students receiving Federally Insured Two points need to be condsidered, said Loans and Guaranteed Loans, and is a Turner. trial procedure. On one hand, many of the checks are If student reaction is favorable and if made out jointly to UF and the student. the Costs do not become prohibitive, the Students in this situation need to endorse program is to be continued in future the check at the Financial Affairs Office quarters and may eventually be used in Anderson Hall. throughout the State University System, On the other hand, there is the insaid Student Financial Affairs Director evitable computer foul-up, Turner said. Doug Turner. "For some reason, the computer sent The switch, Turner said, reflects a out appointments to a few of the people change in federal guidelines for the handlwhose checks are to be mailed."Turner ing of-insured loans. Last October the said. Fed aid cuts to have little effect By Regina Jackson stead reverse, recent itec iouns for inAlligator Staff Writer creases inBasic Education Opprtunity Grants and Natiiinally Insured Loan President Jimmy Carter's proposed eligibility guidelines. balanced budget which includes cuts in Instead of increasing the BEOG to student financial aid programs will have $1,800 a year, it could stay at $1,600 or little effect on individual students here, a be put back to $1,400 per student, top UF-financial aid official said Minday. Turner said. UF Student Financial Aid Directror .Congress could also reinstate ceiling on Doug Turner, said UF has a tentative gross income for families with students allotment of $42 million for the 1981-81 eligible to receive a Nationally Insured school year. "I look on that as being quite Lian. official," Turner said. Two years ago Congress raised the celBut the $42 million allotment "could ing on income from $25,000 to $40,000, decrease if Congress reacts to the presibut later lifted it because of a lack of parlent's request to balance the budget," ticipation by families in the higher inTurner said. come bracket, Turner said. "Then Turner speculated that Congress ma families in the $60,000 and $70000 innot actually cut UF's allotment but income bracket applied." 

PAGE 6

6. alligator, tuelday, april1, 1980 91 HEINEKEN 6 Pack $3.99/tx Case $15.00/tx BUDWEISER Case $8.10/tx 12 oz. : cons I' Good thru March 7 with coupon ONLY I I 40 Different Varieties Large Selection ofImported Beer Imported Wines :BEER WORLD, 1527 SW 13th Street:I HOGIE'S Welcome Back Special 12" Turkey Sub With Free Medium Soft Drink Reg. $3.10 NOW ONLY $2.50 One Offer Per Coupon Expires 4/7 373-4026 1802 W. University Ave. iI11 The Alligator: where what our readers think moves them closer to buying. COMPLETE ELECTRONIC TUNE-UP 8 CYL. ELECTRONIC IGNITION $3695 with ThisAd STANDARD IGNITION$3.0 EXTRA CoeyalCTcrk 9 .Al Work Gran. -Certifiehan.i-cs SHELL AUTO-CARE CENTER 3850 NEWBERRY RD. PHONE 373-5900 We treat you right! IIOWN .1 $1.00 OFF $1.25 OFF Any 1 Item 14" Any 1 Item 16" Medium Pizza L 1g. Parlour Pizza I coupon per pizza I coupon per pizza Good Thru 4-1-80 Good Thru-4-1-30 1710 SW 13th St. 376-2487 Announcing the Grand Opening of AS NEW WAVE ROLLS INTO Gainesville Featuring North Central Florida's finest new wave band THE HEADLIGHTS Free bar brands from 8:30-10:30 )(o be Modeling Workshop & Seminar April 5, 1980 HOLIDAY INN -WEST BILL GRIBBLE ActAuorModedPe Call 377-0986 for more details & registration toPrinting t oo Layout vo Flyers NW16THAV 12TH RDI *~uNIvERSITY A 1:00 P.M. Find out what is going on in Florida in the world of MOD NIfr .B. onilltaI -I I'l vv~r rj U 1VJLCL1V%., rom DL KDL duca Actor, Model and Author. $10.00 entry fee includes your own autographed copy of his new book "A NEW APPROACH TO ACTING & MODELING" a slide presentation. ASK I questions & GET ANSWERS. All ages invited, Mole ond Femole. *** coupon ** **** QUALITY COPIES *x MONDAY-$RIDAY 9:30-s:00 ach 81/2x11 20# White Sa~cla cm: (sciian 'ci fxpirrs 4lttltlt Salislactiom Guaranteed GATOR COPY ENTER 1204 NW13th St. Suite 20 InTe omerciatl Crdit Bldg. In TS %a wo %372 o%*64 a W LL i t e i i == -Z ~ ir jrR ;-: : -r-r-rfil I 'Am BOB'S gniernaiionaf DELI Shs.hKabobe Md Estuge, -tak.* a Fze SouviakI *Geek S',d 9/.1t FREE MED. DRINK When You Purchase Any Sandwich 214 N.W. 13th St. Telephone 375-6500 This coupon entitles you to $1.00OFF ANY REGULAR MEAT FOOT-LONG SUB Delivery Service Available 6 PM -Midnight Gator Plazo Good Thru Acrood NW 13th St. Sunday 4/6 itler Plaza 375-8381 One coupon per customer 37345 q ----m --A 3w w No I i FA -4,1 Now I 

PAGE 7

THE PHYSICAL THERAPY AND REHABILITATION CENTER Announces The Opening Of An Outpatient Practice At PARKWOOD PROFESSIONAL PLAZA 9 Physical Therapy 9 Speech Pathology e Rehab Counseling e Sports Medicine e Nutritional Counseling 3"1 .W. 2nd AVe., Suite I PHYSICIAN REFERRAL Paler J. Lord, R.P.T. Paul F. BeaNie, R.P.T. /GUIvi qJrs3 z z "'I LL LU I Heated budget debate cools a yR ,Y.M 8"1 Tuthill had opposed the ASFAC budget AlligatorStaff Writer because he believed the $18,038 allocation to the Baby Gator nursery should be boosted Three weeks after the hotly disputed and the $15,000 budgeted to the Academic 1980-81 student fee spending plan was ap. Information Distribution program should be proved by the UF Student Senate, the coneliminated. troversv that shrouded formation of the Student Body Treasurer Janice Randolph, budget appears to have died down. who has signed the more than $3.2-million UF Student Baty President Doug Tuthill, spending plan, said Tuthill should have 10 however, has delayed signing the Activity days to sign or veto the budget after it was and Service Fee Advisory Committee bliget. approved by the senate March I1. Randolph Tuthill's OK is necessary before the bedget is said the budget automatically should go to rant to President Rbert Marston for final apMarston for his consideration after the 10pov. lay period. Tuthill, who is in Washington D.C. until Although the 10-day period since senate Wedesdlarhas the option of vetoing the approval apparently has passed, Randolph budget. which woukI send the plan back to stid Monday the budget had yet to be sent to the a-nate. Marston. -I. FIPOSIT OFFICE OX30 Day Trial Offer Let us deliver your mail free for 30 days at no obligation to you. If you like our service your cost is $15.00 per quarter. And a have your mail by 9 AM. Ivi ptSdy.Tbb ter mled to tmesft ,,, _CSIexee. I. NOTHING BUT THE BLUES .For Easter Enchanted Florist presents an Easter Keepsake G N-a n *hRF -w~Ywpb -t 11Presents: Imitations" Tues. Night Only 2 Shows 7249 10pm and Midnight 1305 NW 5th Avo ENCH FLO 37U I rl AH L 3808 "OMtiMNS&ANCW' (PtP.as low 0 Labiity e Fre Theit 4 Cars Morcycles *NoFoul' Collison SR 22's Low Down"Pyent Small Monthly Terms "r 3 NW y,'3855AMER AN AUTO INSURANCE lt** jai I AL d6. mmmmmv_ _LOW COST AUTO INSURANCE"M alligator, le d l-1,1960,1 I HEW officials delay Title IX investigation MYRocky Moretti Alligator Staff Writer Federal investigators will wait until fall to hegin investigating a complaint that the UF Athletic Association violated Title IX guidelines, a government official said Monday. U.S. Department of Health, Education and Welfare officials were scheduled to come to UF as early as this month to begin the investigation, but were forced to postpone all Title IX probes pending new investigative guidelines, HEW Equal Opportunity Specialist Lamar Daniel said. A provision of Title IX requires universities that receive federal money to bring their women's athletics programs up to par with their men's sports programs. UF student Liz Olver, who in early March filed the Title IX complaint alleging that the Athletic Association discriminated against women's sports, said she was surprised about the delay in the investigation, "I was told that HEW had 90 days from the time they received the suit to begin the investigationhere," Olver, 3JM, said. Olver's attorney, Mary AnneSherman, said that despite the delays, she thought the HEW investigation would help boost the amount of money designated for women's athletics at UF. 'I was told that HEW had Days' frtom the thne they received the suit to begin the Investigation here! -Liz Olver "When we filed the suit, we were originally going to file it in federal courts but decided to file it with HEW because they can set up guidelines to bring women's athletics into parity," Sherman said. The HEW office in Atlanta has more than 20 other Title IX violation complaints from MARY ANNE SHERMAN .UF student Olver's attorney schools in the Southeast to investigate, HEW official Daniel said. None of the violations have yet to be investigated because there has been no nationally issued policy on how to handle alleged Title IX violations. The Atlanta office is waiting for an investigator's manual, before beginning work on the Title IX cases. "We hope to complete s6me investigations this spring if we get the investigation guidelines from Washington in time," Daniel said. "But we will have to wait until classes resume in the fall to complete the rest of the investigations." Another reason HEW will take until fall to investigate Ohvr's suit is because they are understaffed. HEW has 19 investigators based in Atlanta who must investigate complaints at 450 institutions of higher educal ion in the Southeast. Daniel said he expects to spend a week at UF investigating UF's men's intercollegiate athletic program. He then will file a reportwith the HEW Washington office. HEW then will inform UF if any actions must be taken to meet Title IX regulations and will set up a timetable for UF to comply with the guidelines, Daniel said. If UF decides to ignore the HEW recommendations federal government would have the option to cut off UF's $38 million in federal money. F EERY 

PAGE 8

alligatsor, tuesdoy, opel 1, 1980 '~ opineoai mons Frisbee 101 Keith Barclay started off his first day Ao spring quarter classes playing frishee in the wart; sunshine on the Plaza of the Americas. Barclay guesses he will attend about half his classes this quarter. He figures he will make it through the quarter with a couple of B's and a C, tossing his frisbee and ignoring the carillon bells as thev chime the hourly class changes. Why bother to attend classes jammed with 300 students who are taught by underpaid professors who don't demand enough of their students because they can't possibly devote enough time to top-notch teaching and grading, Barclay asks. That's a good question. This decade is a good time for education planners in the State University System to begin to answer that question. The 20th decennial census being conducted this year -officially beginning today when headcounters will travel door-to-door to tally Americans -has some good news in store for Florida's higher education. This census is scheduled to show that the baby boom has ended. Florida's university system officials should look upon the new statistics and breathe a sigh of relief. Higher education planners now can take note of the recommendation of the Postsecondary Education Commission, a group created to revamp higher education in the state. The commission indicated in a March 1 report to the Legislature that "Florida's existing longterm policy of institutional expansion is inappropriate for the foreseeable future." Commission members recommended that current enrollment-driven formulas for funding be changed to formulas that emphasize programs. The State University System's enrollment jumped from 23,713 in 1959 to about 120,000 in 1980. In the last decade, UF's enrollment has jumped by more than 30 percent and since 1968, UF has built 259 buildings in striving to meet the space needs of the influx of students. Florida, however, will get the best of the end of the baby boom days. While other states' higher education funding formulas are going haywire as their enrollments dip in the next few years, Florida's university system is projected to experience stable enrollments with only comfortable increases. University system planners should begin to shift money from building classrooms to building more competitive faculty salaries. With more qualified professors, maybe the classrooms will begin to fill. Planners also should take note of the Post-secondary Education Commission's recommendation to increase funding. When adjusted for inflation, support per student in 1979 was below that of 1970. The test now is to get legislators to accept the recommendations of the commission and relinquish the numbers game funding of yesterday. Legislators will be asked during the spring legislative session -beginning a week from today -to vote on the commission's recommendations. When the roll is called, each legislator should vote for higher faculty salaries and programbased funding. Next spring, Barclay and students like him should have professors that will give them the incentive to concentrate more on their books than frisbee technique. And as enrollment figures reach a plateau, maybe class attendance will go 4 Carter Olympic stance typical Editor: In response to the letter of March 3, "Should Smith Play Ruffneck," it must be said that the analogy made was incomplete and not totally accurate at best. The question is raised as to whether the Smiths should accept the Ruffnecks invitation to play bridge after Mr. Ruffneck had beaten his neighbor's helpless wife and kids. The analogy should include the fact that the Smiths have already allowed the Ruffnecks to come over to their house and play after the beating was administered, just as we have allowed the Russians to come to America and compete in the Winter Olympic Games after their invasion of Afghanistan. So it seems it isn't a question of morality, just a question of location. The analogy also implies that the Smiths are a totally united family unit, whereas the United States Olvmpic Committee is totally independent of the U.S. government, and therefore should not be subjected to its arbitrary, politically motivated interference. These two points are but a part of the picture of total hypocrisy behind the Carter government's proposed boycott of the summer Olympics. Economically the boycott is practically worthless, since at best it might cost the Russians a billion dollars, which is quite a small figure when compared to the tens of billions of dollars of annual trading with the Russias we could cut off. Historically the United States has staunchly declared that the Olympics were to be completely non-political. How indignantly we criticized various African states for their political use of the Olympics. How we scalded the Canadians in 1976 for not allowing the Taiwanese to participate in the Games in order ti appease Red China. But in just four years the United States has made its complete reversal. The Carter government, which has contributed largely to the mess we're in now, has the gall to stop innocent athletes who have worked countless, painful hours in preparation for the Summer Games from participating. These athletes are denied this richly deserved, probably once-in-a-lifetime chance by a man whose weak grasp of the intricacies of international politics, coupled with his personal indecisiveness and inconsistency, have greatly added iiiator Etor: Cnd Sem. Gnet leonoC.E Inb Maaingtd8#0fC10 1onlaoby aionuMrs. Evelyn 6" New Edor: Barry.Klein bnssamager Hanrrna Nw mt'w RobletMcClue Mm'esngeo:Fed B5~enone NewsEior: CwogBeaus OP-04n Mnoager: GuyR. 5,,tpeth OpnosEor: PatrcCmnlly ClasfiedisMa 0 Ad Jesen PMEdrKtCarso Prductioa s. .,Hen Inside :Dane Jul rdutonupervo 'oldHolb'ook Soeus Edio M: e s. Boo.keepe.S h.yPod.aete LaoutEto:JonSnyde CredMmanager:sob wow ArtsroramVrgniaCopeland Win Edtor:Judy Goodirened Published by Campus Communicatiosm, Inc. P.O. Bou 142P7 tksiveily Sea!*,r GainsvltteFtorida.Office behisd the Coltean, 1720 Weet usnoay Anve. Ciamegd Adeiising 26-MA Reell Display Advena : 27a Newom: 276-MU; Peroducie: 373-9926; utnes. Office V 36-4".6 to the instability of world affairs. This man has cut off half our Olympic team from competing against the Russians because it would mean we were condoning their vicious actions in Afghanistan, but just as readily stepped into the limelight after the U.S. Hockey Team's exciting victory over these same Russians. What a hypocrite! Where is the honor and glory for our equally deserving Summer team? We were all sad when Tai Babalonia and Randy Gardner weren't able to compete, but where is the same compassion for our summer Olympic athletes who have worked just as hard? These athletes should be allowed to reach their own personal decisions about the morality of.the Moscow Games without any pressure from the U.S. government. All they ask for is their chance to fulfill their ambitions and dreams, which seems to us to be the basis of freedom in our country. When did America start believing the fascist approach that the individual should work for the good of the state and not for himself? It may seem unpatriotic to criticize our president in this time of crisis, but not to speak out would be to imply our willing complicity. But then again, we can't malign Carter for the Olympics alone, considering his tremendous performance in the nation's highest office so far. It's a good thing weelected a man who's managed to retain actual controt 'of the Panama Canal, so our economic interests in the sea would never be threatened or placed in jeopardy. It's a good thing we have president who's formulated and gotten enacted a cortprehensive energy plan to combat the worsening energy crunch. It's a good thing we elected a man who promised a government that would not spy on its citizens, but respect their privacy, or we might be facing a new removal of restraints on CIA and FBI information gatheringtactics. It's a good thing to know that, in these times of international crisis, we have a president concerned enough about our nation's security to bolster our arsetalof weapons with the implementation of the B-I bomber, the neutron bomb. and a new nuclear carrier. It's a good thing we elected a man who assured us of one or two percent unemployment and a'decpase in the horrendous four and one-half percent i latij% rate we had at the end of Ford's term, or otherws*mighthe faced with sin percent unemployment and an I8 pevtp4f inflation rate. It's a good thing we've got Cartisru av es en their promised increased representation ini umlt with 12 percent of his appointments being W" insteadd of Ford's 14 percent. It's a good thing we hive i rfia stentwho pardoned our draft dodgers, so that nocitliel -o eer feel threatened by the seriousness of the draft agen. It's a good thing Carter was around to get the Russians out of Cuba and our hostages out of Iran, -' But most of all, it's a good thingse-:' e reident who upon his word of honor wilt neve .a single promise, never make a single misleading sta ietst, and never tell a lie, and who admits he doesn't,e F Vgtee if he ever does. It's almost too much a a e tl Si UF I M i 

PAGE 9

Editor: Twenty years:ago, 13 nations met to decide the fate of Antarctica. Seven nations have territorial claims; six, including the United States and the Soviet Union, do-not. It was agreed that Antarctica would be left a demilitarized, wildlife and scientific refuge, open to all. Within this framework, Antarctica has witnessed 20 years of peace a'nd international cooperation. But the energy crisis and the establishment of the 200 mile fishing limit have strained that delicate balance. Under United States pressure, the issue of mineral exploitation was changed from a total moratorium to a new status of voluntary restraint. It appears that United States integrity and environmental leadership may falter before the tempting prospectsof oil. Iwo percent of the continent supports all the organic life and exists along the coasts. This is the area that Weould be subject to development and exploitation. We believe that present day institution of mineral exploitation may well jeopardize Antarctica's environmental and political stability. The ptential for serlotd oil spAN, is yer hig in l ight o5f Letters Policy LetwsAmuash as typed, algeed, doub e-upusd en a ell b .10mi i* fvs Nl a tete # ebteo Names wIll haswlliseely wrIter sews eit O 6 I or letters cohus q~t"' ald bb .-rlow :M Antarctica's frigid temperatures. Since the rate of biodegradation of oil is a linear function of temperature acting most rapidly in warm waters -the slow process in frigid waters would subject birds and marine life to enormous damage. Oil spills may also prove fatal to the endangered great whales and krill (a small crustacean high in protein and the basis of the food chain for the entire region). Routine discharge from tankers would also subject the fragile environment to harmful pollutants. The waters off Antarctica are the most biolgically productive in the world. In addition to its economic value from fishing, krill may play an important role in dealing with Earth's hunger problems. But management of marine resources is difficult. There is little scientific data on the Southern Ocean. Additionally, the wide divergence of viewpoints concerning the setting of quotas have made Antarctica politics very delicate. Little or no actual enforcement occurs. However, responsible management should improve with the anticipated signing of a new treaty in May. university avenue We urge that Antarctica be declared the first World Park, closed to mineral exploitation until such future time when attainment of these resources can be accomplished without significant risks. As the last isolated and essentially undisturbed ecosystem, it has the potential to serve as a global monitor of environmental quality. Preserving Antarctica's unique resources by establishing it as a World Park would serve the common interests of all nations. The I Ith Annual Consultative Meeting of the Antarctic Treaty Parties is coming up in August, and the Convention for the Preservation of Marine Living Resources will take place in May. We can urge American support for the protection of Antarctica's delicate environment by writing President Carter. In an environment where a mere footprint may take decades to erase, we cannot afford to risk long-term and irrevocable damage in exchange for short term benefits. Barbara A. Harris Holly jensen by virginia copeland ww La r AfilI VIM WL k WM DMT ~ rDIOU1WTINK T GDTA MAW UP& oolE.IN Tots VW(4A"woMeip ."ot4a k 5im DKan itMO I Costa Rica Couple sen-ds us health, wealth and love Editor: Several years ago, I wrote you about Costa Rica look to Colombia (another democratic republic, where, it beach in Colombia. We feel we have discovered a new, exand our planned retirement there (my husband is retired turned out, it cost even less to live than Costa Rica). citing American frontier and are eager to share our find with Navy). You asked that I write again, whenhettled, butI have others. (If you think you are too old for adventure, we are 59 been so busy living I haven't had the time There we found Palmas de Oro, a lovely, old coconut planan63ndbtofuhveatldnsoarcnqrd tation on the Caribbean. And, to complete its unique setting, and 63 and both of us have battled and, so far, conquered However, today, listening to -the news .gloom, wars, whnw ooked away from the sa esw oeigoe cancer) energy crises, the shrinking dollar and poor Jimmy when we k sea, we saw, towering over Carter .., it occurred to me your readers might enjoy the se_ everything, 19,000 feet high and snow-capped, majestic Write us at P.O. Box 157, Liberia, Guariacaste, Costa Rica cond episode in the "Saga of the Birds., Mount Colombus of the Sierra Nevadas. and send your letters by international air mail (25 cents per We moved, bag, baggage, grandmother, teenagers and all, It may be hard to believe .hundreds of green palms, half-ounce). We promise to answer. to Costa Rica three years ago and have been happily settled blue sky and ocean, pounding surf and golden sand, snowNow, from Latin America, we wish you salud (health), in Ranchos Maricosta. Our experiences deserve a book. They capped mountains. ..but it is all there in Palmas de Oro; di e (wealth) and amor (love) have not only been exciting but, at times, hilarious. The only on the Pan American Highway near Santa Marta, oldest and flaw was our inability to find easily-accessible, registered most fascinating city in all of the Americas. Juanita Bird beach property. Probably a blessing in disguise. It made us So, now we havetwo loves: our ranch in Costa Rica and Antartica deserves 'World Park' distinction WITIvulwo' "Owoum lyi up"I 1, I.vwi, T -1 I 

PAGE 10

5* ,Jl:,.,,.a,,. .A,.,, ,,.,~;t 5 lOOtS New Astroturf for field if school board shares bill By Ralph Diaz Alligator Staff Writer Florida Field could get a facelift before the 1980 football season if Alachua County School Board Commissioners agree tonight to pay $100,000 for new Astroturl. That is, if UF administrators follow through and kick in $ 100,000 from UF coffers. The Astroturf now in the field is in bad repair, and $300,000 is needed to replace the synthetic grass. If natural grass were installed, UF Athletic Association officials have said, other users of the gridiron such as the Gator Band and intramurals players would be forced to cut back field use. The school board was asked to match the $100,000 the Athletic Association is willing to invest to replace the old Astroturf. UF Athletics Director Bill Carr said if the association does not raise $200,000 from the school board and UF, Florida Field will be covered by natural grass at a cost of $100,000 -paid entirely by the association. School Board Associate Director Thomas Tomlinson said he anticipates the board will agree to share in the Astroturf costs when it meets tonight. "I'm anticipating the money will be voted in," Tomlinson said. "Two weeks ago we gave a preliminary report and there was a positive response to it at that point." Local high school officials want to keep Astrofurf on Florida Field so high school football teams can continue to play high school football games there. If grass is installed on Florida Field, the number of games schools play there will be reduced. In addition, UF students and the Gator Band could be prohibited from using the field. If the school board makes the contribution, the Athletics Association will then wait for UF administrators to dole out the remaining $100,000 needed. Carr is confident he will receive the UF funding. "I feel optimistic they're going to do it. They're just waiting to see what the school board will do," Carr said. FLORIDA FIELD IS USED BY BAND AND AREA HIGH SCHOOLS .may get new Astroturf f or '80 footbolI season UF Executive Vice President John Nattress legitimate reason" for sharing in the costs confirmed that the school board's decision since UF students, the band and other UF wouId have a bearing on UF's position. groups frequently use the field. But as far as "We'll find some way to do it if the school finding the money, Nattress said there are board does it. Our problem is where we're "still a lot of question marks on my side." going to find the money," Nattess said. ,The school board meets tonight at 7 p.m. in the board chambers at 1817 E. University Nattress said the university has "a Ave. Student Government presents budget tonight The proposed $630,000 student governtions about the budget, although Senate deadline for proposing amendments is Frimeeting to answer questions asked about ment budget for 1980-81 will be presented to President Erik Melear said members will not day. their financial need or value as an organizathe entire Student Senate at tonight's senate be allowed to introduce amendments. Representatives of the approximately 30 tion to the student body. meeting. Amendments to the budget will be discussstudent organizations which will receive StuThe Student Senate will snet in room 349 Senate members will be able to ask quesed at the next meeting, Melear said. The dent -Government funding will attend the of the J.Wayne Reitz Union at 7:30 p.m. U The Corn'sh Hen ~Y TEORNH 1sWF STUFFED SPECIAL with coupono nly 9 i AySeafoodn Wmer SALAD BAR59 withcon VEG.-BREAD 5-8p's mm59 Any ifumE. &m m stas pine Iit, i s -h ffued a --& dow, bu m m hmt16 BarCscksis-g.jm s Pronouncing. STUDENT AIDS ENGLISH DICTIONARIES (HARDBACK I wEBSTERS NEW COLLEGIATE DICTIONARY. 8TH ED THE NEW FUNK A* WAGNALLS STANDARD COLLEGE DICTONARY THE SCRIBNER-BANTAMENGLISH DICTIONARY TOE FUNK & WAGN LLS STANDARD DESK DICTIONARY THE CONCISE OXFORD DICTIONARY WESTER'S NEW WORLD DICTIONARY OF THE AMERICAN LANGUAGE TE R RANDOM HOUSE COLLEGE DICTIONARY T-E AMERICAN HERITAGE DICTIONARY REGULAR AND COLLEGE EDITto N ENGLISH DICTIONARIES (PAPERBACK MERRIAM-WEBSTER DICTIONARY (POCKET BOOKS) WEsmER'S NEWWORLaTIONscoARY(POPULAR LIRARY) WBTER S NW WRD DCTIONARYOTEAMERICAN L ANGUAGE ( WORLD TOE AMIERCAN HERITAGE DICTIONARY (DELL I MACMILLAN CONTEMPORARY DICTIONARY TH NEW AMERCNWBSTER HANY COLLEGE DCTIONRY (N A I Sal TO*HORNME-BARNHART HANDY DICTIONARY (BANTAM) WBS ESDICTIONAY FRVRYDAY UE(BARNES & NOBLE) DICTIONARY OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS (POPULARMERRIAM WEBSTER POCKET DC TIONARY OF SYNONYMS (POCKE ) souLE S DICTONARY OFSNSH SYNONYMS (BANTAM) ALLEN'S SYONYMS oxAND ANTONYMSa(BlARESa&NOBE) FOREIGN LANGUAGE DICTKONAIES. IN HARDBACK AND PAPERBACK -rHE BEST F ROM NCASSELL -S. VOX, LAROUSSE. HARRAP. McKAY. LANGERSCHEIDT. SIMON & SCHUSTER. SCRIBNERS. UNIV OF CHOCAGO. FOLLETT NEW AMERICAN LIBRARY AVON. HARPER WORLD. MACMILLAN. BARRONS. ETC CCampus Shop ~D& Bookstr in the Hub 392-0194 Weekdays 8-7, Sat.9-12 19, 0111gWor, Tutmooy, opril 1, I"v 0 PRIME RIB STEAKEY ENGLISH CUT.----M FRMHGROUNDBW ." %. wd. thn With ~WA" I. rom LADIES CUT 069 % puoa DAIWTYLA Y $TEAK. a GENTLEMAN'SCUT.-----.----.----.----. .8 LARGE MAN-UZEDgTRAC. M A pouna GOURMET FILET M N ... FROTHE OCEAN Pae&. sWeAS M Ry. tw' .---------0C A e c .... of t te sao s. 3 It, ..I SELCTOUTES US 0s CAM ~ 00 THsE AY 55 pV sssup.E lO TH eDAY .b. C~s5Uk ~ ...g ma 

PAGE 11

inside Laura Combes: Muscles aren't just macho anymore By Robert Bartelotte active in sports. Even though her Alligator Stoff Writer mother lectured that "women shouldn't lift weights because it is TALLAHASSEE -The clutsocially unacceptable," Combes tered weight room, at first glance, started weight training. She got resembles a museum of medieval torhooked, and at the suggestion of a ture or a training room for friend, she eventually jumped into gladiators. Photographs of the male-dominated arena of combodybuilding champions, replete petition. with popping veins and oiled bodies, But her routines included things adorn the walls. Long, hard hours that most male competitors probable with iron weights create these never dream of, let alone perform. modern paragons of Atlas. "I took the men's poses and made This is the domain of them more aesthetic for women. It's bodybuilding. It is an ancient sport almost like ballet because you conwhere men, muscles and macho atstantly have to be aware of tone, titudes always have remained unsymmetry and proportion," Combes challenged -until recently. said. She performs her brief comEnter Laura Combes, a smiling petitive routine to the theme music five-foot-two lady from Tampa of Shaft II. whose bouncy hair, dark eyes and The poses that Combes has soft voice belie the fact that ishe has perfected have shaken up the more 14-inch upper arms and an equally conservative minds of the powerful grip on perhaps the newest bodybuilding world. Her clenched area of women's sports. fist-double-iceps pose, for example, "No one knows the full potential of has raised questions among judges women," said Combes, winner of the concerning its place in women's 1979 Miss Tampa bodybuilding bodybuilding. competition and other contests. "I But Combes shrugs off such don't think any stipulations should criticism with a laughed, be put on women in sports -but "They (the judges) think women nobody likes anything that radically must do different poses than the men, different." but I don't," she said. Bodybuilding for women is The challange of competition is onradically different. So different, in ly a part of the reason Combes enjoys fact, that even though the Amateur bodybuilding. The challenge of exAthletic Union officially sanctioned treme self-discipline also motivates women's bodybuilding in -1979, 'Gombes to live by a creed that is some experienced judges have trouperhaps best summarized by a poster ble deciding whether to evaluate the on the wall of Baldwin's Body Forum female competitors on muscle or sex in Tallahassee where she sometimes appeal. To date there are enly 50 trains. The poster reasds "Greatness serious female bodybuilders in the comes to those who dare to sweat, nation. I dare to strain and dare the pain." In regular men's competition, "It is really just mind over matbodybuilding involves developing all ter," Combes went on. "You can muscles areas of the body and having discipline your mind to anything, the ability to move each muscle that's why bodybuilding appeals to group at will. Judges traditionally me." lok for muscle definition and total The discipline Combes speaks of is physical development in the athlete. strict. But those guidelines were tested last A self-motivated person, Combes August when the judges at the does not work with a regular trainer. $,5,111 World's Best Woman She does follow a regular rigorous Bodybuilder cismpetiti6h in Warschedule that includes two-hour minster, Pa., couldn't decide what to workouts twice a day and four toI five Iok for in the ladies. -, miles of running. She also keeps "The judges at first looed for a. herself on a strict diet, with absoluteshapely figure, not esuscdilarity. 1 t ly no junk food, to eliminate excess was like comparing, apples and fat -the bodybuilder's constant oranges," said Combes, whose ripplworry. Comes claims she does not ing back muscles contribsB to her use steroid or other muscle enhancthirty eight and a half dnh chest ing drugs. measurement. -nAlthough Combes works hard to "Beauty is in the eyes of the develop and maintain for cmpetibeholder, but there's a great diftion, she said she would rather people ference between muscularity and didn't notice them when she puts on femininity," Combes said, as. she a dress. She does not classify herself lifted hefty iron bars with apparent -as "an active feminist". Combes said ease. she is, however, a believer in Combes entered the brawney women's rights and thinks the world Of weight training a year ago, stereotype of the weak, helpless following a knee injury In 1972 that female will be disappearing. sidelined her from the University of "As a result (of women's South Florida Waterskiing team, ,,.bodybuilding), women's athletics are Everyone from bodybuilding comgetting better and better. What was petition judges to' .Combes' own desirable in women 10 years mother didn't quits know how to acago is no longer true,' Gombes cept the athletic 2-year-otl's qV naik, career' n. 'iW ,hr tic wsmn' a' part sit CoibeirwatofedttoItemueesg mand theffuture." STRAINING 0 ..."just mind over matter" I allgator, tuesday, aprIl 1, 1980, 11 'i LAURA COMBES STRIKES A COMPETITIVE POSE .."No one knows the full potential of women" 

PAGE 12

W. atligat-or, tuesday, april 1, 1980 UF yet to apply for Lake Alice permit my Ray Smith Alligator Staff Writer An Environmental Protection Agency official says UF has not yet applied for a permit to continue disharging sewage into Lake Alice -a permit which is required under federal guidelines. John Lank, of the Environmental Protection Agency in Atlanta. said that the application has nt ben cmpletel because of UF officials' uncertainty abiut what information the agency requires. "They are in the process of preparing an application right now,"Lank said. He added that he received a call from a UF Physical Plant employee who wanted more information about how the application should be filled out. Bob Martin, associate iirector of the physical plant, said,"We do have the blank forms, but that's about as far as we've gone." Martin added that the flow from the wastewater treatment plant into Lake Alice varies from 1.2 to 1.5 million gallons pereday. nTht ffluentt final sewage product aftertreatmnt from th' plant is all generated n campus. Aftr ptcessing, the wastewater eventually goes into the west end if Lake Alien, Martin said. "Water that comes out of the' plant itself is drinkable," Martin added. The permit for discharging the sewage became necessary in 1979 when a clearer definition of the bodies of water covered by the Clean Waters Act placed Lake Alicet under the jurisdiction of the EPA. The stricter definition states that all lakes, rivers and streams into which domestic or industrial waste is discharged must be regulated by the federal government. Carol Ferkovich,an industrial hygienist with their Occupational and Safety Health Administration, said that water samples from the lake show no unsafe levels of bacteria. April Fool's: The Newman Chili issponsoring an April Fool's Party tonight at 8 at the Catholic Student Center. Games, refreshments, music and the comedy "artificial ingredients" are among activities scheduled. Gator Sail Club: will meet tonight at 7:30 in room B-74 of the J. Wayne Reitz Union. Novice and skilled sailors are ln iitoattenid. UF Folk Dance Club: will meet tonight from 8 to 10 in the Women's Gvm. Gaytalk: sponsored v the Group for Gay Awareness, will miet tonight antI every Tuesday from 7:31 to 9:30 p.m. at 1921 NW Second Ave. STEAKHOUSE& LOUNGE Half Broiled Chicken tender plump chicken, broiled to perfection Chopped Steak ground from the beef that makes us famous Fried Fish Filets golden fried treats from the deep Half Lb. Shrimp we boil 'em, you peel 'em Steak Sandwich served on rye or pumpernickle Served with french fries salad bar or Caesar salad, and of course, all the free beer, wine and soda you wish, with dinner. 3.95 Caesar Salad or Salad Bar and Beer,Wine,& Soda 2.95 Boiled Shrimp 99 Per 1/4 Lb. served as an appetizer, with dinner 1900 S.W. 13th St. (441 S.) Dinner ever night from 5 (4% sales ta& 2% service charge) Banquet facilities available 372-2777 STEAKHOUSE& LOUNGE ri MbI onMdor If he'd only asked. You see, that's what counselors are for. They can help you plan your career before you graduate. Which is precisely the topic of our next issue of "Insider"-the free supplement to your college newspaper from Ford. We'll tell you how counselors can help take the mystery out of planning a successful career. By figuring out what you're best suited for. .and then helping you go after it. Success doesn't have to be a big secret-if you plan it right. And while you're checking out the next issue of "Insider," be sure to check out Ford's exciting lineup for 1980. They've got some great ideas for getting you wherever you're going, in style. 7h ANd Co-0RwDigs es of FORD FORD DIVISION g1 rh, -0Presents. ne Dixie Desperados Playing their Latest & Newest Sounds Ladies Drink FREE 8-12 Tonight Where The Liquor &4'I PiA.The Partiers 4560 NW. 13th St. 4 -,376-9175 

PAGE 13

.1 .-, ---.2-. ------742 ~tumski~,owIII, FOR 12E51'319 .35A E WW32005 .sublet:Ig 93 1-6 P ". ,a, 2-,rdr F 296 hoo. d 00-3o nadlieftfescash poid for 60 1gh 111cool + 392474451 7 o26 -cof-HH .aq. ringOnped 5 .r gold or itil S mNt: V4ronon op3.559, f -Hnv0a-r.* 372-315". mch 31 furnished Pool 1,011110M pc -Y-y hr call 379-7M3 Of keepP' -~dH9 34M-11 -93. $1.m2/702 3 6.ge b.411/2 .Wh o whatso se3 to P ,t 7+ bokitch 123.323+ hlow, .y3ing," Apri.L. 3325,.fr. .("Id HOS~ ~~~~~~b2 .o c, @111I11130960I.636 H.&II 4-44-1, 6r 9s per Mo. Incl. util. tum rlow school.s2t.)n r ki 4. .13 37404-1-2-1A.56.6Hg,.4.y13 clum174 --Avoiloble for Vistlking lonnmedliitely nice I .1.f o I,,,ln11902i61134y 6.no. H2. .4 6 .Hfr campus. Col Ron offic spae 1263. Ecletfcilt i100 137-36. ..-.0. V637.11 75 2., o 219 W Univ. Ave. (1/2 bOd m Mr-2 4, RH. R 632 W 1.67 ., P os H p ) Call 372-3522, 375-144 W .75-3111. .4-2-.-k .4-2-2-k.y all fun. 150mo.plu u KA. ARMM Vilkq subillet sprihg + u mr S-sd b UF 2 b i.oi d. I b* efwrn. an 2nd floor with balcony 4 SW 2 S11c2by P2. AlHp adireci ly .I pool $0/mo. 375-3725 fu. 1030 M590215102-, H"d6232ors potk 3753040 6-64-1 -4-741 For rnt 3bedduP13,H$2 "1716 t*4 Ave Nie eghorEd.Sluerol,0* OMMATE ok 375-3040 6-6-49-1 I. ft3951 H .MONA .9730 REODKEN PllUM g5145.lW $100 a m. +1/2 EvKE09* 40bU6Vapm 4--2 with cut $25, NOW thru4Aprit5lf or ."'"s'"'l"x"'lu'" wo pt "o"i loaoi l 1/4 uNL cl. im-~ Ask for I nI63ATELI 52 Terry VarAuer n.otn fuoied 2 br00. Terry Var, APr. so VA. W.3/neo. + (formerly of Mr.Roy') 1/3 .4*3os5 non.-somi"ple". 377-9749 THE HAIR FAMILY Mo IIhopper Shopping Or. 4 6boo in 3 bedroom house. plus one415 NW 4Srd St. 341 G.g 02 0r.4d372-6 372-7371 WH~302HH.2202~ W1116ttei .01 two Roommates for a Two bedbon apt. CoN 3764M6 or come by fil es Gardens Apt.#f -54-4-5-2 tr *FeMaid Service Private Bedrooms i i s Individual Leas 25 Yds. Prom Campus, And rem ber.*iftiskr um" W 1231-&W. 3rd Ave. 139 0 across from Tigert 372-3557 -t*I A rerubI -a .eu. we-sa. welt D'm h 09B 71s 133026 PIMA 33t 313, paw 0k,1 42, 3 12702'.+ 1/2 trill. .W 0.4,of. $I 0o2 0 .14C.-1 34,3-i4 44--2 10372-7105. 4-7-5-2 nl23.3I.H.I.b" .,ansop.r mo4h + E no3n3ok-.i. O n .' V.1ag. 6.4.d.r 1 61-4k 51 2.p s 13.4 Ag. A-k6.46. 50.4di51ly0.2C -4 513b.32roW.3730M9 44-4-2 2DIIn375-371. 43-3.2 r F4259shWrI H39I736.4i2 26. 3pt. Wpl. 0-. b.h., .bI., cms6. Vig. P.k, .pFng 171.22. + 1/4 camp .0 moh + 1/4 W$ltiml. s l jtH s. Spcal -, 3f0 6_r. op2l. 375-36764-4-5-2 37394a. 4-7-5-2 F-1-om at t hr. 2 bk-dr I ,Im r ntin 1 .3 b.hohe fun po.14. d p.rI.sn .nca-prs nied. 6. -./-l-h. + 4.y-. 58kng5 (2W0M.) Cal 377-31M or s nowng &dstnrI~ schol. $35/k! .i wil. drind3y. 4-4-5-2 377-5537 4"-7-2 2 roni s -mmd.W, nicp W ,a1H3333aVIRaw9g.25m.,hp 3 12 646,pho/5. C --r. 373-31 FORSALE 4-1-2-2 ~Pa Klo" e-MSO 1 0r 22nnmkn1 om023, hr7 or bw i bo03r. 332 373-2hm3.-.00p.m. 5,s. -p:. 5ih 2 girls.W .02/$75.00 m. + 1/3 0 1/46 1ifII,$. 02ilm.tog 051,P 12 ,s.6I 62sp 31 37-9924/222-3-2 HI S32T.2W-hEm-Gl 2_ E_1_ "1 0 'E 5 Ii 1 202102 i 37-2348 I7.1. .mm.o gr4/pf -"2dm.3 .4-2-3-4 b'" -"b3*2"* -".p+4.ppmqg ," 63.O33" 5'5'3"4.13" 115/_._"M -" '"U 33".-"W"1-. $8". ,H "" 485-120 44-5 I3. r302.3 H .0r ..bd4. .i 2 bd/6b llr-ly.sps, .rsy33/.+ RATTAN SEE-2 cha-s dW M n 5tbl.n 1/3 fiifis. 0 $," po.$ 1-,hi -2 .s $150202 6.b5 2 p,, .373-25 376-644-2-3-2 4-2-3-4 f6. -b 3 32 bir 6 I 50-3DISCOUNT32R 722 S .; rI.Th RdMdg. $'12"02 +1/2 M. .11 Ev02y major brandL33s3prsce OpenI-6 V-E4'4-2CEAPER 375-8336-6-4-4 Sh-.Sk f AAr di? S" C S eSpMI"ss Fg* h2251 W 3 S LTh.y h. I prims 110/ m.inc. .MlINd -l II3759132 7. "1037"'19264494 4-18-15-2 -I-m 6 .9n my bk. 10 sp.d.bi-,. b ,. Femae rommot/nonmoke. Ow roo'.1,1,1.6k.3n3. Ca.11372.3377: 4-4 I.-. 2304dp., $122.50 m. + 1/2 l.ISp. 'gil., ___-____7__37:_"__ 9111 34p13351s73.02. V5163g. 133.k 10 mn 103-y 4I. .-3220231 lk W 29mpu5. Sr.h$ 372-7207 W 2fW .2 -f h V0 334-2-3-4 Aaib1,Apil 1s. 4-2-3-2 -REODRDS-ny n1w0eleses1 01d FE6AE ft for s2 br2pr-buy,. + trd. .TOM'S USED b3M97. na$102 pHoI + 0C-ur3 GO30VES-1642 W. U03v. A-. 376-1472 4'. $o capu 113 + 31.11102s 00-G 4o-141 -.d -1374-424 4-4-5-2 3,36-.pp1r div n -g.ds3 wnur.$ 533c copi5(1-9),4.5c (10-24),4c (25-99 3.5 3makv3W3bk8333p433.32.s(102-199), 3.lc (20-439), 2.c (10) of 21. $110-13502ud64 ..133. 372-122n6.3121/2W by111%rod.G3c1Ir 376-M524-1-2-2 -.O., 13."'33p' 333 0202 IH rr 111.+ 1/2,21.1.3 + 2W0 4pW1 I Iu51 )33OY4--4 4,Me"Io'Mm"S'-2 "','' 43-3-2 -3CORNER DESK ND 0 VERY OOD r wrrid: emal. m, bdwm CONDON. $SW fim C11GC rlnd af 14 f512. g1 2,026. .33 030 372-0537 443-34 202642t516 ft S .,.O .2 AUTOS .4.3.c"_9.2 b13.&$os2.p. .69'. 3d2')$10H0.oth + 1/2.1. 374-3671 12VWMr2b3,,. '6.612902W gn_ -"31e.34.2d3Wshock .,m .,e. ., Sall Cll P ik 372-9179 fi2. 2710.2 2k ,3.3.51.d 6F. 3b.36.21/266 b 11. 435 OAK FOREMT0-wh-mvei. .. S23., M/F1 5.-5.k I s 9$132pr.02 .S2 SERVICES Rmmtn.e nId d 44. 6hr b.dr duplx 0230-33i K3. SpcI3b.9gnnkl'., 1/2 block frm camp S -5 .+ 1/3 fi.' irmdm. d-n-d, cd id rn. 30 oud--I33yc 374-8650 ar 375-107502. Un.1Call 375-314.375-332, 375-0336 320 4:-5-2 4_1 5-6 .31d.-w 02 .396E C.Y. L E0BICES-b.*1, 3,4 5110 q. ovi. immdftly -nm-4, 1r drow .-m -r&W A./ 346$l$ .W'dm4d,,, 0m W_ 3. .372-4M0"644--6 .p, 3135-. + 1/2.37&-1372 4-45-2 W.d.i.519.pc-h p.dkr high fo0 + P33329 IBM Slci1. Th., d.1col41g.cs1,.43ng3d 009 g. + 21 m $.-Mi v. 0-. V3-221 Piece,1I.3. 302 ---376-201-"44-5-2 SCUBACLAM bo.g-n 35 .2 0April 1,8, 1,t.,-2102 3 n4ded by April 5 131 + 1. Pr2F6.3.naI5.3Er00.o, in1n1io n .b.1. 1/2 M.3 6.dr. & ..H.In'0 cer2f4ca-5on. 6 op331 rdh3.09p30nl Vi61g. 2 .2 bd.h3ol.l 7.apt.$V.50 P.r-PI.n ight.6.4m4.IHr ndE s.$tw m6.+.W-rWo0r1CN.Er 39. l MOM'S IJSA-7-1 SCA-41ASH ft OURWEU, INT.M. C3M. CAM ES3EGAR X, x, APRI22 OR New Age:.YAULENS AIATC +. RA.CM &h + Deli :':z.Z-517'Z 8 8 4.~~Pp. W sh.W .me -%am00 25c 3.s--e"3405eWH. .(a $3I sId A-.) M-4i io 33133 (=I 4 -077 I Off any puhose of -36 S IL6_oe UI11 iNW~ iV Lht n ,,oupon r _71 -----e 1 .5 I -Offrspre.Fe1 II Cannon .-and Sons 14k gold chains largest selection in town Come and see our fine line selections 1127 W. Univ. Ave. 372-7553 mos 2321 e'aso0nd6bh' prices in the copp3iHHtitHnity I a to o +e1o3 amity studykwr 373-29 .6.4 .3. FAR Cuong Nhu Karae, M W IF 5:3-7-00 pri Regis. 3-31-0 to 4-13-00 basentent Fla. Gy. 4-11-10-6 .p2r3~ doube-spaed Reorts 051 tophoneTranscrip.ion tc. al C1 .at 475-1694 4-6 SLEEONMOLLOW Boarding Stables + R"dng Acadey. Dresmoge hunhooat stadium crams country jumpt.+ 1*oi&. Horses Iased by monh4.-0M + 46&-3246-49-6 CLSINA GUTA AN LUE ESSNS lt THURLEVERNG(AIL.MYale 199)375-141I 44--A FREEPREGNANCY0 TEST c3l BIRTHRIGHT 31.7-~ 3$3,36-649 333.-6 0 60 a .133.339.pre. $15 + prtsfr+ W. 22+ pa0s for color. Call Gregg 377-3151 Sc copes(19).4.5c(10-24) 4c (25-9)9 3.5 (00-199),. 3 1c200.4). 2.53 1500) of one originl 81 /2'by 113901%3r2g copies am 7c wiie supplies kMs with "hi ad. CQuontity discount + P.O.'s02cp31s3 .or 1next day service on 3 ordes. B3ckroom Prod.2.s1219W.Un. ..te 2 sory Electolux Wdg.) 375-COPY 4-7-4-0 HELP WAA $3N&.DWO@kWyp"I work! t *mmm FREE BROCHM lEcons Pmt bdtm drvtn um have ow in person ater 2 pm 17180W. andwait ealso. 4-2-3-9 Counsekvrs for North Corolints 4 Sumner cm. Roo"m a salary ond travel a olwaonoi. Ex necessary, but must enjoy liviv in@ w0h2 ch7iremny c. ys mking co st udensm 2e applicaion/brochkr write: III Hd. Mm.i .beach. Fla. 33141., EARN.$IOD A AK*NH 2-3 hou YO SPARE TME. Ern $10.% plus bonum.s Donae pam modn location. 516 W. Un 37-9431 Call f .310213m COUNSELOR-ntry level posits .46 i"'e"es'e in youth + co"nseling .6i"s1o.: I d y6wee cal Connie o 375Applcations being accepted th. Forido no. .Must h reporting, + supervisor exp doily newspoper. Must be wi more thon 40 hours a wev 19800,13 ITED 2 h.rs-d.i;y ftc R.S. P.O. 314 4-45-8 3car Apply Univ Kitchen co-ed 8 we"k 1, laundry, xperience not ng and worksn-cut nond apply. For ID1 Cleveland 4-4-"-. r;a week IN twice a wveek GAINESVILLE diversity Ave. snm THIS A onfor only.s.d-'eoping "1pr"-90"' 4 5999 for info. for Editor of hove editing, mirience on a lling to work k. Coll Rick WANTED (-")-6-475 br eApr l3. 4-3-4-8 CASH for GOLD.,510'.ed.3.51H41.id tery.c las ings.coi sdenalg. ll LOOKING FOR A J? Learn how to prepare visit your hom .376-5235 Mr. RAmnan n effective resurm organize a job com-6-497 pign, interview successfully, $5.00. Trns'.tionSerices bo 400, -University, GOLDAND SILVER Alabomna35486 4-1-Ho-e Closs rings. Jewlery, Gems, Cash or Trod* OZZIE 2 40 NW 43rd. S. 373-9243 6+49-7 Teacherswonted el. andse ondary .ws 'n.d ot1133 s s .lKmnt since 1946 377-2344. frtp kt CASH on Silver and Sou t Teaches Agency P. P0ox4. 337 Gold items of all kinds. Y6s4 We buy Class Alb. 8 7196 4-14-10-8 ings of all types + szes.377-2344 4-4-5-7 Solutions to basic organic cheissy ProFull and part-fim 5 jobs available nowl Appbloom needed Wil lnegoate payment ly in person. ShW Stationf H1 -75 and 373-2974 4-1-1-7 Newberry Rood. 4-7-5-H 100 NW 13th St. (Inside GotorPlozo) 37&-2347 0eI11esv11 .Fia 32 1 1" *STUDENT RATES AVAILABLE GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA SKATEPARK PIIONE TOI)AY 377-9503 5719 Northwest 13th Street =mat 

PAGE 14

PERSONAL WEWDNG INVATK4onwe" deiver. Hu7dd of styles. Cliff Hall Printing. 1103 N. Main 376-9951 6.49-9 Excess Hair Problems Removed Forever Edmund Dwyer-Registered Electroogist (28 yrs. exp.) Md opp'd method&. Fre Analysis and Trial Treatment 372-M9102 NW 2nd Ave. 6-6-49-9 S-Canoe or comp on the wonderful and nworby Suwannee Country, a cno + recrotional guide at most local bookstores + trail shops or send $4.68 to Council Co. P.O. Box 5S22 Sarasota, F 1. 33579 4-14-20-9 The Boat Shoe byN DEXTER in Dark Brown, Tan & Navv $33 NOW AT. The Exciting Place to Sikop por Shoes 1029 W. Univ. Ave. 10 -6 Mon-Sat mftter Conteniet Loyao2 97 PlanI' fw~m fIELtb 1waW uVE.AN: IML 1.0 C A: M imM HL QUM EMLLMENr 1 ?WOF 0It "WML IcNCE 7ADDrMAL wrMei CALL -M2--14 n fully equipped log and stone hideaways and capture your opcl moments. $25(for 2. $30 for 4,mifely tl May I Mountain Brook cottages Rt 2 Box 301, Sylvo, N.C 70458&4-329 410-999 Mature female seeks inexpensive room in house to share with one other quiet person, m or f Coil collect 1-813-349-9765 Beth Would Mory who was on Flight 336 Sat Mar 8 from Ail to Pgh when we hod to 'ak ,ean emergec dn gwie o 412 364-8074 475 9 S for records We buy, sell + trade records of Tom's used grooves-1642 W Univ. Ave Renaissance Fair (upstairs) 376-1472 4.7-5-9 Goytolk has moved, Our new location is 1921 NW 2nd ove We meet Tuesdays from 7 30.30 pm call 378-0400. 373-3261 fornfo 4-2 2-9 TWILIGHT SHOW AT 5 PM ALL SEATS $2.00 e Nk .Tfiofit M'7,|4""',, 5:00 7:10 -AND 9:30 AND 93 9 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS ROY SCHEIDER mn 994ea89s 5:00 7:00 AND 9:30 "ONE OF THE YEAR'S 10 BEST" Gone Shol Peter Sedr BEINGITHERE" A D0-IT-YOURMEFER'S DRlEAM for active Wodo-Koi Karate. Univ. o Fla. No instrvcvacationrs 94-r-b--4cruises,--la. Keys, 7l. o9 7, 09 -1-sd-nt 99-e'1 4 4h4mos 65' sailboat, capacity: 17 Gather beginner classes. Call 375-4144. 376-099 you'9'oup; we'll help with the rest LOW 4-18-15-9 COST because you 77 p the captain jal, cook, navigate. etc. No experience X-ray technology program is accepting Gnecessary Also suited for interest groups plications for June clots must be hs go. and clubs Contact Windward Bound, 1535 Exc. employment opp. for info. call SFCC Sn0pfing4r R Decatur Go. 3032. (404) 375-42004-4-5-9 2M -2S9 4-11-10-9 PASSPORT job application resume photos. Mature generous executive has funds *READY IN 60 SECONDS** available to hep liberal W/F wi th inflation Media image Photography 505 S Main St. problem ri 7te A 6U P0. Box 13294 375-1911 Gainesville, 32604 4-7-0-9 .6-6-49-9 "John" "if I said you had a beautiful body, immediateto cash paid for high school+ would you hold it against me?" "Solly" cal" casrns n te ol rsle 4-1-2-9 pieces private invsor"378-9651*" 4-4--5-9 Dofin, Adids, 811 Rodgers, and Sub 4 shorts and tops on sale-over 500 in stockwith the more mitntion of this semi-prof. ad only thru 24at Lloyd Clarke's Rocquet shop 1508 NW 13th St. 372-7836 4-4-5-9 Ameha's Bookstore offers you books by, for and about women. plus -shirts. + albums 12 NW 8th St 377-0234 6-6-49-9 All Racquetball and Tennis shoes 10-30% off A top brands Thru 10h 7nd only with mention of this inf'ation biting ddof, of course, 1yd Clarke's Rocket Shoppe. 1508 NW 13th S 1 372-7836 4-4-5-9 R WOO YOUR LOVE in the mountains during spring-the most sensual time of year Stay Me 11904979, T9e9949y, 9499.91, Io t Y O *\ e e .0 telPos Help us RESTORE the-Old Post Offo! Coil 376-1137 to make yur pledge or 99ML Help raise $175,foo.00 by July 1, 1910 hAVE YOU SIq NEd yoUR ORGANDONORCARD C ET? 392-2866To .ci 04 149'rYA.*9j-99* x. I Gaytolk nmeets Tuesdays, 7:309:30 pm 1921 NW 270 e, cll379-0400. 3733261 for more info. All lesbians and gay men wokcomo 4-7-5-9 Gainesvlle L5 society looking for People doing resecirch-related to outer space usel wte ginesvlle L5 c/o B 1245 g4'"-s4'lle, f7. 32604 4-2-2-9 Need An Elective? you'll enjoy "a famly in your future?" 3 cr. EEC 3800. Sect. 3066x, MWF 3rd 6520 Norman. For info. 392-0751 4-4-4-93 *pa my seams in my favorite lons. Gotto ph7one9Nero, Gotta clothes repair. 377-O93 Taylor, Arington, Va. 22204 4-1-1-9 L ST&FOUND Tucked away in the bock pages of this LOST p94e .ow .ram paper and only visible to the squinting iy, ". nfv oo sa lies this messoge-RUSH SIGMA PWI EPSILON *-1" I t.L" oflib. dA kor 5 Fraternity Row, 372-9303 4-)-1-9 -015 O S ./372-4409 MEN GIRLS BOYS 14-20 10% Stodent Discount Gl Any Item #0 Excluding Sales /35018W2d Av. -L 089 Cmbi Mr .1 I IN. i fiinnfeir hiAtAnu nnril I IOAn | 

PAGE 15

sportssk Ex-best UF swim teams choke It up at nationals A' Editor's note: This is the first in a sries of columns that will sppeer euch Tuesday in The Alligator. Sports Editor Michael SOrvidI will prOide intones. tion, com fntM eud enelysipieces bout Gator sports sad on what's hap. opening Ut .1 leli s of sports coMpetition. GATORAMA: The UF swim teams had more in common at their respective national meets than just the bo. I ranking in the nation -they also had the chokes. The Gators and Lady Gators both were 9-0. They both won theirregional title -the. men the SEC, the women the Region III. They both were tops in the polls. And when it came time to capture the collegiate championship they both crumbled like a bombed building. sporting around -ho Cough, cough .ahem. The defending-champion Lady Gators finished fourth behind Stanford, Texas and USC in Las Vegas. That's the same Texas that UF beat in January in Austin. The Gators went to Cambridge, Mass., and finished third behind defending-titlist California and Texas. That's the same Texas that UF beat in January in Austin. Similarities indeed. But the biggest similarity of all between the Gators and Lady Gators is that they both sunk when the real champions floated to the top. With all the hundreds of swim teams across the country that compete in the NCAA and the AIAW, third and fourth place sounds pretty impressive. Except, that is, when the teams that finished third ahd fourth had the pre-meet credentials the UF Chokers had. Next season isn't that far away, swimmers. Cough, cough .ahem When the Gator baseball team decides to explode, it doesn't play games. The Gators scored at least 10 runs in each of their five games last week. Four of those games were at our own Perry Field Prior to Monday night's contest against Baltimore, UF reserve infielder Jim Yonker had four hits on the season -all doubles. Mad at your first-base coach, Jim? Speaking of Baltimore University, the team nickname is the Super Bees. It's got to be theweirdest yet CHATTER, CLATTER AND CLUTTER: Southern Cal football coach John Robinson says he'll be on the academic bandwagon next season after reports that 34 USC players never attended a speech class last fall. "If I find out that my tailback missed classes the week of the Notre Dame game. ..then he's not going to play against Notre Dame," Robinson said. The Trojan-Irish clash, of course, is always a classic, and the tailback spot always has been USC's mighty weapon a la Garrett, O.J., Bell, Davis and White. But if Robinson sticks by his words, college sport. will receive a boost Two basketball players and a friend at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh were charged last week with tying a coed to a chair and dangling her from an I1th-story dorm window. At least they didn't dunk her Doug Snail tailed four goals Saturday to power North Dakota to a 5-2 triumph over Northern Michigan for the NCAA hockey championship. The Final Four tourney, held in Providence, R.I., started off with North Dakota beating Dartmouth in fastpaced, wide-open, physical game. More so than most NHL games you'll see PROFESSIONAL POTPOURRI: Cowboys' safety Cliff Harris, who announced his retirement last week, got into the habit last season of trying to push runners down instead of tackling them. Dallas won't miss him, but the Cowboys will miss Roger Staubach, who officially announced his retirement Monday. ... Mets' star Lae Mazzilli, adjusting to a switch from the outfield to first base, says this is his toughest spring training .Love those nailbiters in the NBA this year, such as the Bucks' 143-95 squeaker over the Nuggets last week .Say what? Former Red Sox pitcher Fergie Jenkins explained why he called Boston manager Don Zimmer a buffalo when the other Sox players called him a gerbil: "Of all the animals on earth, the buffalo is the dumbest." LAST SEASON HE SMILED ..but UF coach Randy Reese's teams struggled in 1980 finals iIKW& a SD W4'1 University Copy Ceni .OFFSET PRINTING .COPYING 5 REPORTS -RESUME The mos Copying & Printing Cen Now Offer While 1620 West University Avenue Irnthe Stag& Drag Platau 18i4 W.U'NIViRsittfAVi-NUt /WW KWV" '~ mW itAT MLI WDM PMFMeslt'Ie itND 0 A60-ITia FWATSAR ITS lDII'BTIttN"l07 DM'1eeRAU. ALL 7 1wsl' isWilS Mon.-Fri. 5am. -llpjn I 15% OFF Sat 9 a.m. -6 pANY PRINTING OR Sun. 10 mn. -6 p.m. COPYING ORDER Vatid only slits coupon at coup". -Expires May1,19 t r100 PRINTED COPIES t complete$28 9lb ter in NorthCentral Florida bond $ jih 'ing Printing N l You Wait BIND YOUR REPORTS 25%OFF I SOFT COVER SPIRAL 3727436 I BINDING 372-74i 1 fai ony witscosponi at .C. Not valid mith othw Ou*" .Expires May 1, 19WO OILB The Alligator.the budget-stretching medium that keeps you from being squeezed out. I II ,.~, -.-H 6SRICK AT LWdW Ar 5130 M. -WOO, ALL WU8l4 VLNtVM"*Xe. 37"-13B YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE RICH TO TRAVEL WITH AAA WE'VE GOT THE BEST FARES GOING. .COMINGTOOI CALL US FOR BARGAIN AIR FARES FROM HERE TO ANYWHERE!. GaInesville: 1201ft.W-13a1hSt373-7901 I OL I I I llgtor, tumdalyaprll 1, 1, 1, I 

PAGE 16

16. alligator uesdcy oar 980 UF stings Bees 23-0 Tj 4 ri: sn ws -0 060.11 -1 M .-U C.","ter' 4 Lady Gators play two Jesse Owens is dead Shop These Specials Farmbest Milk $1.89 gal Bag Ice .50 Legal Pads .59 Notebook Filler 1.95 300 CT (CSpecial WCarjy THREE DAYS U ONLY! Io C letc 200 Sheets Notebook Filler Line of S0cl/ o80Sheet Supplies Spiral Notebook .69 Self service Copier Sc per copy Wilberts Grocery 2410 S.W. 2nd Avenue Across From Law School Offer Expires 4-2-80 -I U IT'SM RINIITH BEAUiTYCa QN WHI (WES9WPLY M9 SKm APRL 5,? SENSATION 4-6:0oPM ADYRNCE TKKETS.75 AT TLW DORI t0M 1. EELS'Ix ESUFEE) ENTRYFEE .SO AGEST-25 *loibe at Rd.RoL&Sen.B. 904-36M47l Sponsored EUDM U1Lf G venAwaj SENATON BASN &ULFE SCUBA CLUB 111-1 Welcome Back Students! Hectic Pace of first week got you down? Take a Break and Enjoy Allen's 3 Ways! Breakfast Special 2 Eggs, Toast, Bacon & Grits $1.49 T wo-Bit Night Butler Plaza Store Miller Night 25c Pitchers Glasses Busch Gainesville's $1.75 C -Car Tuesday Ni Happiest Happy Hour Cm City-Wednesday Night Eat In Take Out e Deivry CIN CITY Butler Plaza 11 1211 SW 16th St. a1I1n Igator hau 34thSt. at Archer Rd. 377-6510 -1 -e 

PAGE 17

Ib mmmmmm MM 11 -Naitfre%4 %aid he aid not tinkn I Ir w-111 

PAGE 18

-woo1-oor i'A_ allinata, .--2 

PAGE 19

I. gId IL1 YONG doavAmpersand Imir -tw, ; A 

PAGE 20

It.''.' -1 -I --c 'Le '.frth sC5 a a -ieq o. -' .-A -ttctgre. ne -az a e se ath -~ --AXII patieat. --: lc .a mo bLa p o -~zv. rc be et1 t --i-, 6 e S treet --ot re -,-e s -pes .: --tza:, t o ir-iF v :rn -:. p Y -. -I ~~A n E is 11Wjml on TOw Gow III 1315 8 13 12 14 ~16 17 U'. CI I I I Ampersand 4 Anarsnd 7, ~ -e 1a g.90 -he frureC'CB een re. ee mowZedl 7 a m a -7: 7 t 7 ie f f .er' renP -Nthe -Febu.an:s-ahe asrage ner ~ :~-t~aN-~ -onlv -h a Or a C d "a onal r a i Cwan F more a Apa -1n, -just e he it ge .1 en e iorm 2 paitT en I -ienmv 7--e iP e ainZ' pa 4 Aay J I 7n 0 7 e i ugh Case -:CA 

PAGE 22

I a I. oe 9 I I 0861 mmn.n~v I Hit AJCJUJ~psfJo93~~ I v 52 

PAGE 23

Am~a~ 7 k Roll Movie Stars ISON BROWNE will make his motion ture acting debut (he will not play a ger) in Change o Plans, the "story of a tionship" set in "the Los Angeles-New k art and fashion axis," according to eenwriter Jeffrey Fiskin. Browne's nager Peter Golden is co-producing hJonathan Taplin, (who produced The tWaltz andMean Streets), from a story by kin-Browne-Taplil. TON JOHN, currently recording a new um in Los Angeles with old pal Bernie upin (due for April release), may also r in a movie, a so-called thriller titled rdRolling,in which Elton would portray eleaderofa rock groupthat invades and roriLes a small town (does this remind yoneof Marion Brando as The Wild One? ton John should be so lucky). Taupin uld also appear in the film, and they uld, not surprisingly, do the music for it. LSINMON's completed movie has a title: e Trick Pon, after a song written for the M. EECH &CHONG's NEXT MOVIE (that's the fle) is directed by Chong while Cheech ats himself and his country cousin Red. ope highlight: a space ship landing in a eld of marijuana (said spaceship powred by marijuana, touching down to fill s tank). Lots of lantas, no plot .this arks the first film ih the duo since their ltwith Lou Adler mer p in Smoke, from hich, Cheech & Chong felt, Adler proted more handsoieIy than they. Meanhile, Adler is preparing his next film, All ashed p, script bs \Nan y Dowd (Slapstick, won, He), about an English punk oaker (Ran \inston) who falls for a tough eel tomn girl (Diane Lane, the young cautM from .4 Li ttb Romance) who benimes a stal too. Wiston's backup group he f ilm, vs lcd H i Looters, has Steve Ones and Pauil (ook It in the Sex Pistols nd Paul Simoonoi of the Clash. The ubeFee Win bill : tpears as a member of rival group, the cfrPses. New Album Hotline UICIDE, the obnoxious-as-an-art-form group that opened several dates on the ars'last tour; long dormant blues-fusion aitar whizpe IBok: exas' leading white >v soul crooner Bo: (eagg'; tasty country ocker Rodnes "Ain't Living Long Like his" Crowell, forierly a stalwart in Emsfou Harris' band; the politically putrid at bocally irreplaceable Frank Sinatra; (lme previously unreleased material by mI Hednx: Kittvhawk, an L.A. texturalusiun outfit that uses the Chapman Stick, hih issort of electric guitar with a h Sturs, (4Pituitary gland malfunction; Flrace Srer; Southode Johnny and the AslUtikes;johin ,1"(i ate, r" Watson; andjohn tewart, whose ;d" was one of last year's urprise hits a nd an overdue payoff for several years with the Kingston Trio and as cult-status count riy-folkTrock picker; ;raham Parker, whose Squeezing out Sparks 11, Album of the Year in the recent Village Vdice Critics' Poll. GRACE SUCK'S first solo album, Dreams, is due this month, produced by Ron Frangipane, who arranged and conducted the theme for The Greek Tycoon, a shoddy ripoff of the Jackie-Ari myth. There's also a book, Grace Slick: The Biography, written with the assistance of People editor Barbara Rowes, plus TV talk shows and no tour. ROLLING STONES'RECORDS will release Catholic Boy by poet/songwriter Jim Carroll (the third artist, after the Stones and Peter Tosh, to have an album released on the label). Carroll, 27, who once lived with Patti Smith (New York in-crowd), was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize 7 years ago for his book of poems Living in the Movies. The Basketball Diaries (written when he was 17 and just re-issued by Bantam) chronicles his teenage addiction to heroin, among other troubles. NEIL YOUNG will write the music for Where the Buffalo Roam, which stars Bill Murray as gonzo journalist Hunter Thompson and Peter Boyle as Oscar Acosta, the "Brown Buffalo". .Janis Ian wrote the theme for Foxes and several songs for Star Treatment, an off-Broadway theatrical venture which was inspired by two Ian songs, "Stars" and "Applause" Movie Wimline DENNIS CHRISTOPHER, who won everyone's heart with his Italian-accented bicycler in Breaking Away, will next play a weirdo who, obsessed with movies, commits murders inspired by on-screen slayings. It's called Fade to Black. Meanwhile, Christopher can be seen as Richard Harris' son in The Last Word, but he will not be seen in the TV series version of Breaking Away; his role goes to Shaun Cassidy, while the mother will again be Barbara Barrie, the father Vincent Gardenia instead of Paul Dooley. BETTE MIDLER, on a hot streak after the box office success of The Rose (see Ampersand, Nov. '79) and her subsequent pair of Golden Globe Awards (insert your own smutty remarks here) for Best New Female Star and Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical, will soon film a version of her stage show for theatrical release. Titled The Divine Madness, the film has already reportedly inspired a $5 million lawsuit, filed by Midler's three-woman backup group, the Harlettes, who claim that Midler signed them to do the film and then dropped them, saying they were incompetent and unprofessional. JANE FONDA will appear on Mork & Mindy next fall. Honest. DUSTIN HOFFMAN will next portray a fashion photog in Autofocus, original screenplay by Jerzy Kosinski (who will writethe novel, natch) who claims to have been a fashion photographer himself back in his native Czecoslovakia. EVERY YEAR THERE IS SOME cause for dismay over the Oscar nominations and awards, and this year's no exception. Being There was nominated for best film and Peter Sellers for best actor, but director Hal Ashby and screenwriter Jerzy Kosinski were overlooked. Cinematographers Caleb Deschanel (The Black Stallion) and Gordon Willis (Manhattan) weren't even in the running, and directors Martin Ritt (Norma Rae) and Woody Allen (Manhattan) were ignored. There is cause for rejoicing: Breaking Away was nominated in the best picture, best original screenplay (Steve Tesich), best director (Peter Yates) and best supporting actress (Barbara Barrie) categories. Pairings ONE OF THE MOST intriguing musical partnerships struck recently is between Lubbock, Texas native Joe Ely and the Clash, premier London punk rockers, who shared stages in California and Texas last year. Ely and his semi-crazed band (steel guitar, accordion, blues guitarist) are currently in England, doing more dates with the Clash and recording a live album (without the Clash) strictly for English release, but destined stateside if it sells well in Britannia. DEL SHANNON, whose "Runaway," one of the great teen melodramas of rock & roll, was a Number One record exactly twenty years ago, has remained a star all these years in England and in the hearts of American rockers with long memories-like Tom Petty. Shannon signed with ABC Records a while back, with the stipulation that Petty's band produce his album. Four tracks featuring the Heartbreakers had been finished, when ABC was swallowed by the corporate shark's mouth of MCA Universal. Now the tracks, all originals, are expected to surface on an EP to be released by RSO Records. Petty, meanwhile, will spend March touring Europe. His pesky tonsils came out surgically in early February ACTRESS CARRIE SNODGRESS filed a $5 million civil assault and battery suit against compose r-a rranger-prod ucer Jack Nitzsche over an incident last June 29 at her Hancock Park home as reported in previous Ampersands.Nitzsche pleaded no contest to criminal charges of assault with a deadly weapon and was fined $3,500 and *put on three year's probation. He was originally charged with rape by instrumentality, supposedly using a gun to rape Snodgress, but she later dropped these charges. The civil suit claims Nitzsche .threatened to shoot her with a handgun," hit her with his fists, "dragged her by the hair and kicked her." Michael Franks'nagging habit is to make life's & love's-tangles a whole lot less serious than they would like to appear. Pick up the Franks habit with his sharpest album yet. ONE BAD HABIT Produced by Tommy UPuma and Andre Fischer On Warner Bros. Records and Tapes Chanellr v Ay Nattress said he did not tn r woui e U summer. UCF administrators said thev exDecT ine Tour-nav Stlr tve Mci.r.thur "(The -extent 4) the energy 7 "op" 191, 

PAGE 24

d I ""O7 vfra Zen*: Off the Bottle, Os the Track BY BTEKJN LAURSFN "*1 -! -4-Am -c c<: r t.''::r ,. k -a e' :i -__ -ea --'i' -. cz ZfL. .'u-ms : .-n t .t -a Ze -e -.4-ng e B.:-r-: ss-r -:-s s:2*+ 'M a -' Zee' ." e '.: ~ --T .= iL -4 + -+ -i -t : -: -a ~-r e -r: -_.13_4 -a :.t-ZoI7 -71 -ir~sarH-da.: s arl e : .-5.Ct '.t t :A a Z,-Ie' I :'Jz.-e7 tcr: -'ee-~C wer N~r4:k, i r -I -:. c : ~ ~ -sr s +--A-: a.-we i z : -h :u' 'oiced than -dbe 'n roxk in z e 7 nes and the Troggs -n interludesll se n N -am m:z acco-lunt that I %as L ft 1 : .rUnk during the dAlicuit to talk I-op-ed dnnking beI was .irmpenilfng m% e 7I -as pushing that ennmeni as much as I ::ko:z s rnone to stop and -.: t 3r --anm to be preach,. :rz-.e -e;:n that eieri one --: --I didd t hem. Most :-t-: z,---c-.en n de7-ktand it's a dis*' a w& :to j ve up to )t meSth e c h a m p i on Vsti .: a iwnm of siLiur ::,-.:caj i wts drmkmaiiZ io fifths a Z&: Ii e mightt explain -7 m : xsH: father, a RusIADI JA, sian immigrant (Zevon was once Ze otovkv) who gambled for a li ing: his mother, a staunch Mormon from the midwest. Zevon muses, can't imagine what stars brought two such unlikely people together." After the pair Aplit, Ze'on grew up with his father in Los Angeles. -Though he once suggested, saws Zevon. -that either Ior my hanjo make a permanent exit :While wt injunior high school he became acquainted with conductorwriter Robert Craft and Igor Straminsk, possibly the centurs greatest and most versatile composer. A %ear at Fairfax High. which sits between Holh-%"od and Bewerly Hi-E, put him near the Ash Gros, now defunmm then an impotant folk music club. That was mi malt shop to visit after school," he savs. -The Rising Suns (Taj Mahans band. including Rv Cooder and Jesse Ed Davis) weren't too shabby. And there were several great bluesmen coming through, my particular faionte being Bukka %%iw I used to get as ckne to him as possihie -of court. he %-asn't exacthdrawing crowds like Kiss I w Iema+e t in e H I r K-L-r.0/ IM I -I AM 

PAGE 25

nd still I could barely understand a word was singing. Didn't matter, of course." "She Quit Me," an early Zevon ongwriting exercise, landed on the undtrack of Midnight Cowboy, winning a old record that the composer subequently lost somewhere. He wrote commercial jingles for Boone's Farm Wines, ajob he terms "abrasive to the soul," then toured with the Everly Brothers as pianist and bandleader. He hired guitarist Waddy Wachtel for the Everlys' band, thereby landing a strong companion for his own future work. Wachtel has also anchored Linda Ronstadt's bands of the past few years. Zevon's first solo album, Wanted Dead or Alive on Imperial Records, sounded like Iron Butterfly gone acoustic. Recently re-issued, it would be better off buried. In 1975 Zevon went to Sitges, Spain, played in a bar, then finally heeded, longtime friend Jackson Browne's advice and came back to I.A. and the music business. Warren Zevon, his first Asylum album, sold spottily back in 1976 but just recently made Time magazine's 10 Best of the Decade list. "Hasten Down the Wind" appeared on Zevon, as did "Carmelita" and "Poor, Poor Pitiful Me," all of them eventually covered in smoother, blander style by Ronstadt. The career was in motion. Whereas Warren Zevon collected five years of writing, Excitable Boy (released in 1978), with its overfull quotient of guns, blood and madness, was a concentrated effort. Hard-drinking even then, Zevon, touring to amplify the success of Excitable and 'Werewolves of London," lost much of what control remained. He insulted audienhamelessly courted their attention with drunken acrobatic stunts, culminatig in a knee-smashing fall from the edge of a Chicago stage. "There used to be -I hate to use the word,' Zevon says, reaching across the livng room table for another of several Marlboros, "an existential quality to my performances that I thought was necessary. I had the idea that I had to be in peril. And it doesn't work that way, of course. Russian Roulette doesn't prove courage." Zevon now works out every day with a woman whose expertise spans gymnastics, Iai Chi and Tae Kwan Do. "It's very 'trenuous, lie says, "but when I quit drinking there was a lot of energy that I need an outlet for:' His next tour, starting in April, will be spiced with disciplined but unpredictable martial arts moves, choreographed to his own music. "I wasn't worried about losing the quality of risk in my life when I dried out," Zevon says, "but I want to keep it in the show. The new show-is going to be a lot more scary," he adds, a faint evil invading his grin. We break for photos. Zevon first demurs at the thought of displaying his choreography; fifteen minutes later he's brandishing machetes for the camera's eye and hurtling himself into shoulder rolls on the portable dance floor set up in his library. Meanwhile, back in the living ,room, a copy of Stravinsky in Pictures and Documents sits weightily upon a table. Framed posters hang on the white walls -Steinberg exhibits, James Cagney in Shake Hands with the Devil, Japanese ads for Clint Eastwood films, Dirty Harry included. The living room is chock full of instruments -a beautifully inlaid Martin six string, an old Gibson acoustic, a Takamine twelve string, a mixer, a white Gibson SG (autographed by Montreal Expos pitcher Bill Lee), an upright piano perpendicular to an oversized .drafting board full of staff paper, two drums underneath. "They remind me," Zevon says, "to create horizontally as well as vertically, that I need a groove as well as a structure" Face up among the records stacked against a table are Latefor the Sky, and Bo Diddley's Golden Decade, alongside Shostakovich String Quartets, The Very Best of Savoy Brown, The Clash, The Very Best of Eddie Cochran and The Original Toga Party, a TV-promoted oldies collection. "Springsteen gave me that," says Zevon, slipping into a foggy Jersey accent, "'You gotta have dis-record; he said" Which leads us to discussing the cultural spansion in Zevon's work, the high-brow to low-brow stretch which somehow includes quotes and references to T.S. Eliot, detective fiction, Norman Mailer, two-chord garbage rock, Country and Western, horror movies, mercenary soldiers, junkies, New Orleans pop R&B, Igor Stravinsky, Lord only knows what else. "The initial criteria is entertainment value," Zevon says. "I don't see any value in defining things as high-brow or low-brow and I think it's killing a lot of art forms. I don't think people need to feel inadequate if they don't like a particular piece of classical music. Maybe there's another they'd like better. Music is a process instead of a monument. If people are afraid of it, then they're missing something. "It's been a major question of mine for a long time,"-Zevon continues while the window behind him pulses in the wind. "Ultimately, I'd like to do half the show with a rock band and half with a symphony orchestra. I always thought that if Jimi Hendrix had lived another 20 years we might have seen some interesting developments in that area. 'Cause I think he was a composer, more than a picker." Finally, does Zevon worry whether, no longer the legendary drunkard, he'll lose the audience attracted by his lunatic reputation? "I've thought about that," he reflects. "After all, when I made People magazine the vodka bottle was the central character. But I like what Jorg6 Calderon (co-lyricist on three Zevon songs) told people after I dried out." Here Zevon adopts a gruffened voice that meanders between Spanish and, possibly, Samoan. "'I saw Warren. He's just as crazy as ever, but now he knows it" fact: eord colection represents a $1,000 investment Its true-the largest investment in almost any hi-fi system is frequently the-cost of the records played on it. and it is equally true that a badly worn phono stylus tip may ruin a valuable (or irreplaceable) record in a single playing! OEe'U With the rising cost of new phonograph records-and the difficulty in replacing treasured, older favorites-it's the worst kind of false economy to risk damaging them with a worn stylus. Check your stylus (needle) at least once a year Always insist on a Genuine Shure replacement stylus. Substitutes will not restore the Shure cartridge to its original performance standards. GF N U I NE a Shure Brothers Inc., 222 tAve. Evanaton. IL 000, iCanada: A. C. Simmonds& Sons Limited ousd teuS. or Canada, write to Shure Brothers tnc., Attn: Dept. J for information on your local Shure distributor. Manufacturers of high fidelity components, microphones, sound systemsand related circuitry. Nattress said he did 0 tfotnimx ur woumu ur aut 'u 4"VC smer.~UCF adinlifttatrs sat rnev exner tmet our-rnaV 9 Identification Bureau Now you can have your state I.1 almost overnight! No waiting three weeks to 9 months for delivery! Your 1.11 card will be processed by the same method most states use for their drivers licenses. Your actual I.Q will be produced in full color and will be wallet-sized. Arizons, Georgia Kentucky Nebrasks' O"Wgn C.alornia l iols Maryland North Carolina Texas Coorado In.@ Mssachusetts Oho Utah Connecticut 1040 A nOklom es Unted 8te S their statesnt lted also available. PLEASE PRINT CLEARLY! Send to: I.D. Bureau, 929 UnIversity be., Barkaley, CA. 94710 The followIng Information w~i appear on your i.D.). Name Address C y tate Zip Sex Height Wsight HaIr Eyes Date of Birth Soc. Sec. No. I certify that the above information Is correct. X ign Iside BOX)xJ nse ndsO. more order Irma. Sendonephoo pr .D. Wlte the name on 01V9 back of the photo. Wet can reduce photos, but passport photos. photo ande N o ve aiColor pctureaare preferred, but block and white pituesar oay ecleare= r tepootebettarjth7XD. I.D. cards are $*13. (cash or mnoneyorder On)Ue a blank sheet of paper for additionali.D. information. Only $10 moe for each additional i.D. ordered at the mie ime. Dear I.D. Bureau: Plem send my LO. wthin 12 hours of receiving this Information. Enclosed Is for I D. card. Don't forget your photo and return addreaa1 Send application to: i.D. Bureau, 929 University Awre., Berkeley, CA. 94710 t Chancellor Steve Mc~rthur.'(The extent of)the energyLrh :. I A&PrSEI 

PAGE 26

10 [H E CL.ASH L ondon Calling (Ept-) London( callingg will surprise a lot of people -and probably dismay quite a few as well. The Clash's third album bears little resemblance to the punk pyrotechnics of their first two LPs. A two-record set, London Calling is their -roo)ts" album, a return to the classic rock and reggae styles the band absorbed and then incorporated into their music. As such, it places the Clash firmly in the rock outlaw tradition. The front cover design and pink and green block lettering is directly patterned on Presley's first RCA album -except the photo depicts Paul Simonon in performance at New York's Palladium last fall, his bass poised two milliseconds before sinashdown on the stage. The stylstic range is staggering, covering everything from reggae, ska and New Orleans R&B to rockabills. Bo Diddlev, the Spec tor wall of sound and Stax-Motown soul. Guy Steseits' excellent production strips as as the guitar-dominated sturm and dr a ng of the first two albuns and replaces it with a sparse sound making frequent, and eff e(tise, use of keyboards and a full horn sec tion. lhe %s ide scope also points to tlhe Clash's secret weapon of longsitanding -the sersatilits and drive of the Pau l Siionon-lopper lcadon rhvth n section. Granted. the songw riting tandem of Joe Strummer and Mick Jones provides the imelodies but London (aling couldn't work if Simonon and Headon weren't up to the rhythmic challenge. Ilhere ate only a couple of songs in the ( lassie Clash punk mold but both are extremely posserful. "Wi rkiig for the Clampdosttn" marries a p otent hard rotk chord prigression w ith a warning of the m ipient rise of fascismt and the title ti m k offers a f rightening look at a genci l e ologi al holocaust. Cotnpaire the srs real sense of apocalspno diread (tontcsed bs Strummer's sm irgiig and lrids w ith the fairs tale settumeits of John Hall's No Vuke a ihein "Power and see which one hits loser to home. I he music omas run along more tiadiional lines but Strummer's p ditiied h Isical themes remain the sa tie. The re are ses eralI tales of street outlaws (including Simonon's singw writing debut, the strong "Guns of Brixton") as well as jabs at the drug culture bIoth on the street level ("Hateful") and the skyse raping corporate one (the caustic "Koka Kola"). London Calling is far from flawless. Most of the songs on the second record have their musical moments but onIN -Koka Kola." -Wrong 'Em Boyo" (a marvelous ska-cumrt-New Orleans treatment of the Stagger L ee legend, topped by a minimal variation of the "Sea C ruise" horn riff) and "'rain in Vain" (the final selection, uncredited on both the albumjacket and lablxI) really stick in the memory. lihe first two sides are altogether more satisfying --even weaker cuts like "Jimm Jazz" and "Lost in the Supermarket" make their mark event ually For my money, the best single track is "Rudie Can't Fail," an uttterly infectious ska/reggae workout with provocative rude boy lyrics and the most passionate, comAnrald IT minding s( als Iit k Jones his e coimitied to sil lnndan Cal/ing It itmaits respects is the first Clasht band album gien the' increased sisibili( of Siioon atd Hleadon and Jones' greater share in the singing depart ment. And, despite its fliw s. it should persuade those who swouldit't listen to punk: The Clash dese s to he itanked armong the best No( k 'n' toll baidts ev eruuer m^"vstAum The Knack are the Datsuns of the music business. I mtp K\ Mg But the little ('1, Is tlertstand t Capt/i) It this age of' e(onon m s sn -'I the Knaok are the i),itsuis of Ite iuIIsi business. he-ir debut album ,s the cheapest-miiade platinum ie'o'd it history. Whie Fleettillod Mac spent $1,0000.1m) on usk, Get the Knt Ak caine it IUnde'r $20,0001her. Thiir newest release,. But the ,rttle Girl 'md',tan ucst eS en less to produce e. But the Little Girr% is more of the sa me. Smart guys' usual Idon't mess s it h sorm eth i ng it w k rke< 4,000,000etinies. 'Ihe' ot perceptible diflertce lies in Feigers srical approa It. Now he reveals a sensitive side along with his snickering fantasies ofi lost. Iht iIs bo r tout in several ballads. with mixed results. 'T'he Feeling I Get'' is pure Phil Spector o,itie rather tastef ulls. The guitar ilues im -Niu Can't Put a Price on los e"' c ho the Stoies' "Beast of Burden," but Feiger comes o1 surprisingly affecting. They go way too far n''Hiow' Ca love Huirt So Much," which could pass for sonmething between Barry Manilow and Brenda Lee. But the K na( k -ire still essentially a rock band, and Feiger does have a knack (ahen) for sewing together infetious pop iiclodies with killer to( k hooks. 'I Want Ya" is straighifot wsird ro k, simplistir and effective. Budds Holly's intfluence is felt on"Tell ie NoU're Mine." Whether it's rockabilly influenceor a touch of cleitentarv piano, the Knack develop eac h motif into InlBrief SUPER GIRLS, (0Vrner Special Prolurts): No Leslie Gore, but other'n that here three whole discs of actual good'uns by a good solid many of the girls (so-called) who were busy trailblazing the AM airwaves back when Debbs Boone et a/. were still in diapers crying for their mommy's nip. Marvelettes, Dixie Cups, Peggy March, Little Eva -you name em, most likely they're here. Utterly satisfying R&R from the days when so many people still knew how. Easily the most rewarding singles anthology to date (true), even if it's a TV promojob. $8.98 for records, $10.98 for cassettes from Super Girls, 930 Remington Drive, Schaumberg, Illinois 60195. BAD BOY, Robert Gordon (RCA): A better revivalist than Rv Cooder any day, but his Fifties stance still tends more towards solemn reverence than shakin-all-over mania. As a result, his best vocal occurs on the only tune that worked as a dirge in the first place (-Need You"),and the only truly exciting moments are those isolated occasions when Chris Spedding is given the chance to turn the whole project into palpable rockabilly sound. SYL SYLVAIN (RCA): Of the two known varieties of comeback offerings by ex-N.Y. Dolls (junkie pathos, cautious pop pap), this seems to opt strongly for number two. Pop-hero posturnngatalt something recognizable and hummable. A soundalike tag could easily be applied to their newest single, "Baby 'halks Dirty," where they simply inverted the main riff from "My Sharona" and threw in a different change and new chorus. cross, with only two cuts("14th Street Beat," "Deeper and Deeper") that even manage to make it as not-halfbad hard-rock anachronisms with a certain, uh, charm. METAL BOX, Public Image, Ltd. (Virgin): In two short years, Mr. Rotten has gone from the primitive savagery of the Sex Pistols to densely textured experimental hotcha without missing a bet. For conspicuous achievement alone, the Sgt. Pepper of the Eighties and much, much more. BRUCE WOOLEY & THE CAMERA CLUB (Columbia): "Grown-up mus1with a vengeance, and youngenou-01' to know better. "Video Killed the Radio Star" was not the "American Pie" of '79, and ditto for the current, annum (sorry!). UNIONJACK, The Babys(Chrysais):; Music for compulsive losers, bring-. ing to mind the famous Statler Bros. line that "it's better to've loved and lost than never to've lost at all', SETTING SONS, The Jam (P*Lgary There's still a chip on their shoulder alright, but the Jam's latesttargets, have little more than -nouVe a'i middle-class import. With ponak clearly behind them, they sen1 at" times to have bypassed mo4-.a together and mutated into theMR Banke. Once'a passable alterb t(* Clash, they're no longer even an ternate Buzzcocks. SOULVILLE, Ben *bster(%rve): He wears a lot better with the passiang years than that other titan of prehop tenor sax, Coleman HawkaM& whose ponderous vibrato now easas sck*ozy to say the least. In thisepackage, Webster comes off as goddam genius for removing last vestige of hokum from even most shopworn chestnuts, getting the emotional heart of the matt with more economy and focus even the young Miles Davis. THUG OF LOVE, Dirk Hamilto (Ethira): On "iurn Off the T Keith Richard meets Bob Dyla meets Van Morrison meets Rand Newman meets Narvel Felts; 'Out. Unroll the Wheel World" steals' fron'of all places, I ggy POP's' City." (A must for fats of ultr *riaire,) PAZL HARBOR & THE EXP $10NS(Wrner Bros.): "Drivin'" !6tto be the least propulsive Ca saog f alltisme, pits-poor ac painijnen foractual motoring un th~nwsthgr happens to generate freigood tolerance for Huff."Sb Up'a*;d Danie" gets up when shj44 be getting down. Syrup aI t4 only one flavor (neutral sisgar). Tg 111Cw SK METHOD, R Ssndt n F(sgga/PolorB S lyrei, metaphors that messages more w 'h#., osverorchestratto i 0ggeSt Analmost acce a.Ie~tO f post-SprinogsteC %% rn feat conside who've tried. QgpV Aw M dia Lunch( ootofkenageJesusa 1. !*SS0m the Sheila jo Of sve trby far than Mrwtth Dvis of theM Ms. Lunch bee -g I vA&N 4 I .t.* tt.mnrV I 11111 I I El March/April,1 It's readily obvious that DO Feiger and the Knack are very g at capturing the teen "little gi market. But if they want the old crowd as well, they'll have to avo' sounding the same album aft album. Then us older peoplesi understand, too. jeff Si I GREGORY ISAACS Soon Forward (Virgin) THE GLADIArORS Sweet So Till (Virgin) MIGHTY DIAMONDS Deeper Roots (Virgin) CULTURE International Herb (Virgin) Yes, Virginia, there are people sides Bob Marley, Peter Toshan Jimmy Cliff playing reggae music Unfortunately, most reggae L have only been available as hig priced and (often) hard-to-trac down British and Jamaican impo Virgin International has alleviat that problem by releasing dom cally four albums by promine -Jamaican artists. Gregory Isaacs is the odd man s a solo singer whose material inc porates more outright pop and influences than the reggae nor Isaacs' vocal delivery is cool and soothing, more akin to the slow-bun sensuality of Al Green than Marley' firebrand rhetoric, and his materid tends to creep up and gently sinuate itself into your mind. Son Forward is an enjoyable introduction to his music highlighted by "M Brown" and the stunning "dub"i strumental finale of the title track. The other three bands are part Don !snowdjen I 

PAGE 27

Mach/APkit 1980 generation hasits Laws ONNILAW~SLO on United Artists Records Direction: Forest Hamilton Managemeg Chan r M ,. u .' ..s a .o Nattress said he did not t h ur WOUO o U .summer. UCF administrators sail tnev expect me tuur- 

PAGE 28

12 1A ---sn the Jamaican vocal trio tradition with roots in American soul bands like the early Impressions. The Gladiators are a powerful and politically provocative group but Sweet So Till never really catches fire. The production is too muted and the backing by the Revolutionaries, Jamaica's premiere session group, sounds like they were playing on autopilot. A pair of potentially good songs, "Merilly" and the title track, are marred by obnoxious syndrum squiggles and only the closing "Freedom Line" matches the standards on the Trenchtown Mix-Up import. Deeper Roots finds the Mighty Diamonds returning to Channel One Studios, where they recorded the superb Right Time album, and proving that you can go home again. Donald Shaw's exceptional lead singing is immaculately blended with smooth, soaring harmonies, the backing is full and funky and the production right on the money. Silken, soulful, this may be the best of the four releases. Culture exploded out of nowhere three years ago with the classic Two Sevens Clash to become one of the most influential reggae bands. But International Herb, their first American release, unfortunately is their weakest to date. Lead singer Joseph Hill's coarse, expressive voice lends a buoyant, exuberant quality to the spare, loping music but one must wait for the concluding "Too Long in Slavery" to catch an earful of the power and passion of Culture at its best. If you ain't got no Culture, mon, in your record collection, make an effort to track down Two Sevens Clash (Lightning, UK). While you're at it, Dr. Alimantado's Best Dressed Chicken in Town (Greensleeves, UK) is a powerful and funny album well worth the time, effort and money to locate. Then there's Burning Spear's Social Living (I Stop, UK), and. Don Snowden MILLIEJACKSON Live and Uncensored (Sping) Millie Jackson is one of the best kept secrets in music, whether it's classified black, white pop, or country. The problem is Millie can -and does -deliver choice material in all three styles, but aside from R&B radio, virtually no other radio format in America would touch Millie The seviest semon on modernmorals eterput to wax. with a year-old playlist. That may explain why many may hav'eheard of Millie Jackson, but never really heard her. If that's the case, Live and Uncensored is a great place to start. She is dirty, even raunchy, but that is not the sole reason for Millie's brilliance. Most of all Millie is real, and in a world over-burdened with Olivia Newton-Johns and Melissa Manchesters, it's refreshing to hear a woman get down and sing/rap about love and sex without the breathysighs-and-sweetness bullshit. Love and sex is basically what Millie's material is about with a lot of realer-than-life rappin' thrown in to further illustrate lyrical situations. The musical selections are a blend of what Millie does best; soulful renditions of country ballads, fiery covers of Benny Lattimore's swamp funk, and a few contemporary pop/rock tunes to balance out the set. In between the songs, or sometimes as an outgrowth of them, Millie gets .... into her raps:' which are not to be confused with the rhymingjive of current radio fads like "Rapper's Delight." Millie doesn't rhyme, and most of all, she doesn't jive. But if you've never heard Ms. Jackson ex-, pound on "The Soaps" or "Logs and Thangs" prepare yourself for the sexiest sermon on modern morals ever put to wax. Let's face it though, raunchy rgppin' coupled with a fiery, gruff vocal style may not be mellow enough for Adult Oriented Radio, but if you're still in search of the real thing, this is it. Millie Jackson is not kidding. Tom Vckera DEXTER GORDON Clubhouse (Blue Note) HANK MOBLEY A Slice of the Top (Blue Note) JACKIE MCLEAN Consequence (Blue Note) If, as Samuel Butler suggests, "The history of art is the history of revivals," the perfect illustration is in these three Blue Note albums of previously unreleased mid-Sixties material. An engaging glimpse back -three saxophonists, a cast of supporting players, and how they grew. O.K., so Dexter Gordon's become unbearably sophisticated of late. He's still one of the toughest tenors around, and this 1965 session shows him at a productive peak. It's of a piece with Go! and Doin'Allright and all those other wonderful early Sixties Blue Note dates and features a few familiar sidemen from that period, Billy Higgins and Freddie Hubbard. Clubhouse continues the uptempo-ballad-uptempo format of the three-tune sides of the earlier albums and the marvelous ensemble head playing with Hubbard. "Jodi"is an especially satisfying ballad -part Ben Webster, part Gene Ammons, and all Dexter Gordon. Hank Mobley may be a less familiai tenor name. He has always relied on a very individual rhythmic approach in his phrasing, but A Slice of the Top doesn't demonstrate that signature to the extent of his work with Horace Silver or his earlier Soul Station. The album sounds top-heavy with alto, euphonium, and tuba thrown in, and is perhaps most' notable for the work of McCoy Tyner on piano,just prior to his leaving the Coltrane quartet. A word about Billy Higgins, the Blue Note house drummer who appears on all three of these albums. A sparkling, creative high-hat player with crisp snare accents, Higgins eventually propelled himself into the prestigious Ornette Coleman group. Listen to him mold his style to. three different leaders, supplying the brushwork for Gordon, the offbeats for Mobley, and the drive for McLean. Jackie McLean's Consequence was recorded in 1965, three years after the much freer, Coleman-Mingus. Coltrane-influenced Let Freedov Ring. As such, it's an anachronism of sorts; fairly straight-ahead with ihe ensemble playing of Lee Morgan on trumpet, but with McLean's emotional, angular solos. McLean's style never seems quite the same, perhaps a burden of any altoist trying o ickthe Parker influence, but this represents one of his more satisfying resting places. hf-MahApril, 1980 It must have been galling for an altoist with McLean's gifts to see le. serlighitsdief-eiddmaking off with the cash. 1"w else an You explain 'Dr. Jackyll and Mr. Funk," the single" froishis 1979 album, Mon. xunt? The Wounded purist role gets harder to play with each new cross. over commercial success, so it's foolish to-blame McLean for jumping in -it's more accurate to fault a system which makes the crossover a financial proposition rather than an artistic decision. T'rry Glo. Dizzy GiulME Havin'a Good Time in Paris (Inner City) MILTJACKSON/J.J JOHNSON A Date in New York(inner City) CLIFFORDBUWN The Paris Collection (nnerCity) JOHNNY HODGS The Rabbit in Paris (Inner City) These prime Fifties reissues were garnered by Inner City from the Vogue label in Paris, and the four discs, e:iceptifig the Jackson/ Johnson side ere waxed while the leadenweeon Continental tours. GillespoeV 1952 date shows him to be a wizard trumpeter, paramount improviser and not-to-be-slighted singer. %tptehis total style on three ballads, a ispnempo Latin jumper, bop tunes a, a pair of cheeky vocals. "Afro-Paris" has popping congas as Dix-dashesimute firmly in place, over the changes in a dazzling display, andlon Pyas, the Gargantuan tenorist who.0 influences reflected both Coleman HavWkins and Charlie Parker, ledtfisgravelly tone for a chorus. "Lady Bird," a Tadd Dameron favorite, has Diz' moments contrasting, not *ly -in melodic direction, but in dynamic level. The capper is "$otnebrdy Love Me." Diz opens with fasll force note. He rumbles around in the middle register then, wham, much like Dr.]J. heading for:a slam dunk, he soars skyward, hitting a series of sparklingly clear rp ootes. Head-shaking stuff. Cut in NYC in 1954, the Jackson/ Johnson date finds top pros blowing on familiar standards, and the high level of performance brings success. Both olwinners, vibist Jackson had come out of associations with Gillespie anitd Parker to join the Moder, Jiaz Quartet, while JohtnsbAn was the first trombonist to tra ps$plMieers fluid style to the techniciftpiff slide instrument. Added stdN gshere comes from ageisoz l*nhrcy Heath, also an MJQe'4. kAAtnorist Al Cohn, whou ;*crYoung-ish tone niosy = -$ie leaders' swarthier sounds e .d snniendable workin op "0.09 f Nowhere," with Heasks l ringing the first chorusI*3p bu," where Milt dshiameom t with a blazing sta tches, "I'll Re111 J.J. splendidly T e More I See yot' deep, poignant death ia carcnag. robbed the word of a budW gis0 -i'-winyer~s rocery-II -e~~<~A~ ~ eEA~U1& -~ 

PAGE 29

March/APri 1980 Clifford Brown's unexpected death in a car crash in 1956 robbed the musical world of a budding geniust(he was 26) and master trmpeter Brown was traveling with Lonrl Hamptons big hand when h e 953 season occurred. Side one that band, only led by talented al-. tot and writer Gigi Gryce. "Brown Skns" o peo lyrically, Clifford's pure lustrous tone supported by a lush quiet, then shouting, brass backdrop. Then we race, and brownie's sound, leaner than Gillespie's, spreads out, capturing more of each note. "Conception" is at medium dance tempo, with Brown and trumpeter Art Farmer trading muted 8-then-4-bar phrases, the mote sheathing Clifford's insistent, bting attack in ajewel-like glow. The flip side is a sextet, and on "I Cover the Waterfront," both Brown and Gryce give a lesson in the art of hallad playing. Any recording by Clifford Brown comes highly recommended. In 1950, Johnny Hodges, the unmatched altoist, was with Duke Ellington and he uses an all-Duke team for this date, save Don Byas, who was living in Paris. We hear Jimmy Hamilton's glowing-ember clarinet, Shorty Baker's gurgling trumpet, and the honey sweet or cocky gruff nuances of the leader. On the slow, pretty tunes, Rabbit (his nickname) utilizes a rich, creamy sound, approaching his chosen notes in long, sweeping glissandos, while on charging stompers he bites off his notes and growls lustily. The fare here includes some blues,"Perdido," 'Mood Indigo," and an exquisite "Time on My Hands," with Hodges and Hamilton trading off playing the melody or shooting in fills behind it. It's great to hear Hodges at 44, in full bloom and bursting with drama. Z RIcKY SKAGGs Sweet Tenptation (Sugar Hill) ROSANNE CASH Right or Wrong (Columbia) Ricky Skaggs has graced recording sessions by Mike Auldridge, Emrnylou Harris,J.D. Crowe, and many others. He's a better musician than his solo effort would have us believe. An all-star lineup of frigndi, including lonty Rice, Albert Lee, Jerry Douglas and Buddy Emmons, takes care of most of the flawless instrumental work. What this album does allow him to showcase is his singing. His strong tenor is reminiscent of Bill Monroe, not only in tone but in the genuine feeling he can bring to songs he has doubtlessssung hundreds of times. The Texas swing and the Nashville C&W numbers here are better than most, but Ricky Skaggs can't betray the affection he ha for his musical roots. Consequently the bluegrass standards -songs by Bil Monroe Flatt and Scruggs, and the Stank brothers -come off best, with the toal chemistry between Skaggsnd Tony Rice especially rewarding, .Rosanne Cash's debut album will tnevitably rbecompared to Cavisne Carter's. an apter comparison migle be Linda Ronstadt's Heart Liade. Fle. The title cut in particular's.nals the hest of that album, but Rosanne Gash is not another% Ronstadt imitator. She's a sug'. ngly accomplished stylist. siriti&-. serves betet mhseiat than this LP provides. Theseate songs hereby Keith -Sykes husband Rodney Crowell, and fatherJohnny Cash, bhs.only aboutbalfofthemare really ssesorable.Stillthuse five selections are wortishe prie of the album, and the other five don't couldn'tsound bad. Emmylou Harris is in attendance, so are the angelic White sistersSliaron and Cheryl, and Hank Devito. Bobby Baremakesacameoappearance and Ricky Skaggs, back.in his role as sideman, adds some thateful fiddle. RodneyCrowell's production is fresh and bright. Citen a little stronger stuff to work with, Rosanne Cash could make a knockout album'nsome. day, as it is, she has already given us the pleasures of hearing a growing young talent. Tflmloo almofThe GaP am cu1cotepely lOQsg?. THE CREDIBILITY GAP A Greag Gift Idea/Floats (Siersa/Briar econfis) This double LP re-package of vintage Credibility Gap'tontains some genuinely funny moments from a group who, in their prime, helped to define modern political satire and psychedelic humor. While A Great Gift Idea, recorded in 1973, doesn't measure up to the addled inspiratian-of their major competitcrs, The Firesign Theater; the Gap's improvisational strength is brilliantly represented on Floats, a hilarious rendering of Rose Parade .color" commentary, recorded on location in Pasadena in 1975. The validity of concept comedy albums has fadedsince its hey-day in the early Seventies, largely due to the popuarity pfSaurdayNight Limw, which mined the same territory with a visualladvantage. But much of the best of the genre retains its cutting satiric edge. This is aptly demonsteatedby theGapon such selections as "p Someone'sSneakets,"a vicious assaulronthe discount.poetry of Rod lfcKuen ("She led me into the paneledwiaitingroom of the dentist calles'tomorrow.") and "Where's Johada,"x riotous exercise in the smarmy gfease that lubr-icates the 7beqd1# SShow. Here, Don Rickles, played by David Lander, calls Richard Beebes Ed McMaho n a "fat tvrd."*lasreShearer's Carson ranks among the finest impressions ever of that venerable target and the entire sgment points up the Gap's conaitipsmate skill at timing and Poets Is a non-stop delight; stateof-tbse-art improv with Lander, Mkhael Mclean and Shearer (who is'4ne tamuch of late to bouy the lessnderssg Salarday Night Live) 4de eiips in brilliant of the mindless babhI. d s4oies the equally Parade. The. cog* tb,# ap are cut sse; wkhering spool 01isnon, Curt d r Armstsong Abhssrdist document WY The Multi Channel World of By FRED SETTERBERG pproprtately enough, I caught my first ghmpseof Jerzy Kosinski at home, in our living room, on the tube. His image appeared on the 12" RCA solid-state b&w portable that sits atop our disfunctional 18"Zenith. Not long ago, there was a superior 19" color Sanyo occupying this central position in our home, but burglars walked out with it one bright winter's day. Teesision, says Kosinski,s thecentersoffeineAmerican home. ItisafonrMfsosCieisrerastinatiO raisedtoagigantic lesel. A very posrfl isactisity. Let's try another channel. I am enterifigthe Beverly Hilton in Ls Angeles, about to meet Jerzy Kosinski, the National Book Awardwinning novelist, social critic, amd most recently, the scriptwriter --from his own novel -forBeing There, the new Hal Ashby film about a simpleton gardener named Chance whose literal observations regarding blossoms, g ng cycles, and television (his avocation) are mistan by the majur portion of this country for economic an4 political profundities. Chance, later known as Chauncey Gardiner, deftly portrayed byPeter Sellers, is the ultimate child of the television age, an inoffensive innocent as perfectly bland as a soft-boiled egg; he is, in Kosinski's lexicon, a "videot" Chauncey Gardiner starts atpoint-twro. He is therefor visualt, h's nothing but an image. Insuch asy heittruly cinematic. AU my other characters ar entirely non-cinematic; they're nothing but the self, whick cannot be portrayed visually I Kosinski enters the room. His face is familiar; not only has he recently been making the rounds on the tv talk shows, but his paperback publisher, Bantam Books, has also reissued his novels with various cover portraits endeavoring to capitalize upon the man's dramatic fine features and his reputation as a "confrontationalist" whose life has proven no less fantastic than his imagination. In each of these cover portraits, there is horror, fear, anger, and a desperateseMbood; these are the essential elements of Kosinski's fiction. Kosinski is a small man, though he appears to be athletic. (He is, in fact, an avid polo player and a former ski insructor.) His bony, ineffably lean frame glides across the room in a few seconds with more concentrated energy than can be detected in Seller's entire two-hour portrayal of Chauncey Gardiner. "The role of Chauncey Gardiner required an enormous reduction of means," points out Kosinski. "Since the character is basically non-gestural, suppressed, nonverbal, he's therefore ultimately undramatic. Yu have to be a very good actor to play someone so limited and so passive." Sellers first approached Kosinski about the role in 1971 when Being There appeared as a novel. Initially, Kosinski was skeptical about seeing his work translated into film."I like to think of film as an original art form. It should have material written for it that will make provision fori1he visual dimension" However, rdlnors soon began circulating that other writers and production studioswere prepared to "pirate" Kosinski's story should the author himself not first take action. The reluctant screenwriter now finds himself more than pleased with the film, although he admits being "astonished" and somewhat concerned by its critical and popular reception. "I didn't take into account the num er of Chauncey Gardiners who might want to see sne more," he asserts. "A lot of people who have queued-up to see the movie go to see Chauncey Gardiner as their representative. They feel that-they're as innocent as he is. But they also envy him because they know that despite their innocence, or their ageslt at innocence, they will have to go after lfe-TheyWill havetomakemoney, they willhave to work, they will have to fight, they will be beaten, they will have to beat others. This is their dualits possibly their dishonesty" thoaut memory we are creatures of this afterJerzy Kosinski was born in Poland in 1933. Separated from his parents before his seventh birthday, he spent the next six years wandering alone throughout the Polish countryside -an ordeal that was chronicled in his first novelThe PaintedBird. After being reunited with his parents and regaining his speech (the, traumatic life of a nomad had rendered thechild mute), Kosinski progressed rapidly 'with his formal studies and gained some unwanted attention from the Sovietdominated Polish government. Though not yet subject tothe ubiquitous influence of television, the writer does recall the immobilization of his generation as they "turned away from reality" through books. "We didn't want to goout intothestreet," he remerribers. "What for? The images triggered by text were always much better than the images provided by riots, by hunger, by bombed-out buildings." At the age of 24, Kosinski left Poland following a complicated assault on his native land's unwieldly bureaucracy. In an act of sheer gall and imagination, Kosinski armed himself with letters of recommendation from non-existent state functionaries, all urging that the young social scientist be allowed to travel and that he seriously consider an offer to study abroad from a large foreign foundation which, of course, did not exist. (This exploit is lavishly recounted in Kosinski's 1975 novel, Cockpit.) Upon arriving in the United States, Kosinski experienced a highly-compressed version of the American dream: he learned English in a few months, studying the language while scrapingship hulls and driving for a Harlem nightclubhentrepreneur; he received a Ford Foundation fellowship and wrote The Future Is Ours, Comrade, a non-fiction study of "collectivist behavior," published under the pen-name of Joseph Novak and excerpted in both Reader's Digest and The Saturday Evening'Pbst; he began a ten-year marriage to the widow of a millionaire steel magnate that propelled him into a world of undiluted affluence and corporate power; and he started to write fiction -a cycle of seven novels that also includes Steps, The Devil Tree, Blind Date, and most recently, Jassion Play -all, in his words, "portraying the state of self In various confrontations" with society, personal origins, and the future. In terms of Kosinski's future, it seems unlikely despite the success of Being There -that there will soon be another encoun ter with Hollywood. "Writing screenplays is a dangerous exercise for a novelist. Each time I sat down to write the screenplay for Being There, I felt as though my grasp on my fictional technique was diminishing." Returning to the novel, Kosinski plans to reside in Louisiana this year while exploring the "transformations and modifications" of a corporate man who must confront the corporate state. As far as the personal arena is concerned, Kosinski's life will remain -by choice and conviction -an unpredictable, uncontrollable object of chance. And with chance at the helm, there would seem to be small prospects for peace. A truly peaceful man is a dead man. Chancellor Steve MiU-A,-t%'mumaVes at -sVCtir 13 

PAGE 30

ALwd 4lW7 BEING THERE. starring Peter Sellers, Shirley t Macaine, Melv n Douglas.Jack Warden, and Richard Dvsart; screenplay by Jerzv Kosinski, adapted from his novel; directed by Hal Ashby. AndN Warhol had it all wrong: everybody doesn't become famous for fifteen mintues; thev become famous in fifteen minutes. How often have we witnessed the spectacle of a total unknown transformed by the electronic and print media into sudden national prominence? It was precisely this spectacle to which Kosinski addressed himself in his famous short novel, which has now come to the screen in as fine a version as we had any right to expect. The protagonist here is Chance, the keeper of a small garden belonging to an old recluse. Chance is a literal moron, a man with the intellect of a small child who has never left the house and who knows nothing but gardening and what he sees on TV, to which he is addicted. When the old recluse dies, Chance is forced out into the world with nothing but an impeccable wardrobe of the old man's clothing. By normal logic, of course, Chance should come to a bad end. But not in this movie. Slightly injured by a limousine belonging to the young wife of a Feisty Rich Old Bastard, he is invited to recuperate at the FROB's laN ish mansion. Chance quickly establishes himself as a most distinguished house guest as everyone begins to interpret his actions by his or her own standards. Chance's innocent questions are regarded as witticisms, his lengthy statements on gardening taken as profound'analogies of the national condition, his admission that he does not read newspapers (he (an't read) accepted as an act of courageous( (onfession. He becomes an tincotmprehending social lion, a darling of the media, and a world statesman. The fact that nobod( can trace his past only lends an additional air of mystery to him. Kosinski. in adapting his own book, has kept close to the original while adding some felicitous details. Chance is more innocent than in the book, not a simple man trying to survise in a hostile world but rather the Child Who Shall Lead Us, which (oes blunt the razor edge of Kosinski's satire. Even more dangerous is Ashbv's precise, stately pacing; it takes longer to watch the movie than to read the book. But Ashby compensates with lavish visuals (tile film is beautifully photographed, mainly at the Biltmore estate irt North Carolina), and by relying on his excellent cast. Shirley MacLane does well as the wile, as does Dysart in the expanded role of the house doctor; Douglas, the FROB, all but steals the show. But it is Sellers, as Chance, who has to carry this movie, and he does so with his best performance in years. Chance does not require much in the way of range, but he does require subtle inflections and perfect timing, which Sellers supplies in abundance. His little smile of delight as he switches TV channels from himself to Sha-Na-Na is almost worth the price of admission by itself. There are other weaknesses -the redoubtable Warden is slightly miscast as the President, and Ashby overplays the execrableness of the TV Chance so loves to watch -but they aren't all that serious. If the idea of a finely-acted social satire appeals to you, then so will Being There. And if it doesn't, see it anyway. Sol Louis Siegel COAL MINER'S DAUGHTER, starring Sissy Spacek, Tommy Lee Jones and Beverly D'Angelo; written by Tom Rickman; directed by Michael Apted. The true story of country singer/ songwriter Loretta Lynn's hard early life and later superstardom, Coal Miner's Daughter is an easy film to watch, but it nags the mind. It looks real, it sounds genuine (Spacek and D'Angelo as Patsy Cline sing all the songs) and the performances are at least impressive, often exemplary, with a promising debut by former Band member Levon Helm as Lynn's father. The story is not milked of its inherent sentimentality; if' anything, director Apted (Stardust, Agatha)keeps us at arms' length. But something is missing here, something -or someone -has been shortchanged. Coal Miners' Daughter is a moving film but it doesn't inspire heart-wrenching, throatgrabbing empathy--and it should. Loretta Lynn married at age 13, had four children by the time she was 18, six children in all. She was a dirt-poor Kentucky hillbilly who was pushed and cajoled into a singing career by her husband; she started writing her own songs and became one of country music's most successful -and bestloved -performers. She suffered a series of on-stage nervous breakdowns several years ago (which was blatantly plundered in Nashville) but bounced back (a nearmiraculous recovery in the film); while her marriage has not been serene, it has lasted. We don't really understand why. This movie shows us a woman of spirit but no spunk. Loretta Lynn wrote, among many others, a song called "The Pill," an ode to sexual liberation that set country music on its hypocritical ear; there's no sign of such iconoclasm here. The most rebellious things Loretta does on screen are marry Mooney Lynn over her father's objections and wear lipstick on stage over her husband's objections. There are hints of deeper despair: when Loretta hears of best friend Patsy Cline's death, she cries, "Who will I talk to now?" When she breaks down (ostensibly from overwork) on stage, she says, to the thousands of strangers assembled for her show, "You're my friends, I can talk to you." What a lonely woman! This is, I should add, an approved, official version of Lynn's autobiography which she wrote with George Vecsey. This is the way Loretta Lynn wants her story told. It may be honest, but it's not very objective, certainly not illuminating. Judith Sims COUP DE TETE, starring Patrick Dewaere, France Dougnac and Jean Bouise; written by Jean-Jacques Annaud and Francis Veber; directed by Annaud. When a soccer player cleverly induces his enemies, who deserve all they get, to hoist their own petards, voili, we have JeanJacques Annaud's second feature film, Coup de Tete, a mildly amusing satire of French provincial life. A spite-theJudith Sims bourgeoisie film plotted around vengeance rather than sex, it is a modest but worthy successor to Annaud's Oscarwinning Black and White in Color (1977). In rapid succession, the hapless Francois Perrin (Patrick Dewaere) is kicked off his soccer team, fired from his factory job (same owner as the soccer team), involved in a barroom brawl and jailed for a rape he may not have committed. As a favor to the owner, he is released from the hoosegow to play for his injury-plagued former team, and he wins a key game almost singlehandedly (and almost inadvertently), becoming the town hero. He then discovers that the local gentry have framed him, and now, suddenly powerful, he wreaks revenge by threatening them and letting their own greed and paranoia do the damage. Annaud depicts the problems of the social outcast with more seriousness than the film's comic structure can comfortably sustain, and Perrin's stratagems are not always as clever as one might wish. In addition, the director stacks the moral deck so heavily in favor of the hero that it becomes hard to root for him. A much-indemand director of TV commercials before turning to feature films, Annaud has not yet lost the habit of selling his product. Robert L Liebman AMERICAN GIGOLO, starring Richard Gere and Lauren Hutton; written and directed by Paul Schrader. Intriguing as is the idea of a man who earns his money making love to women, this is no landmark film in the sexual revSensational publicity, prurient interest and simple curiosity have already moved too many people to see this dreary flick. It is ugly, poorly made, badly written and ultimately boring. Pacino looks old and unhappy and gives the least inspired performance of his career -but that's not entirely his fault. His character (a rookie cop who goes undercover to find the perpetrator of a series of brutal homosexual murders) ii so superficially written it hardly exists; the other characters, especially his bewildered girlfriend (Karen Allen), receive even shorter shrift. Friedkin (who directed The French Connection, The Exorcist and Sorcerer, among others) could have made a provocative film about violence and sexuality in the allmale leather world of New York's tough gay bars (as Gerald VWlker created in the book on which the film is based), he could have explored relationships in a bizarre, frightening milieu; instead he turned out Spacek as Lynn: something missing w wuUerTsorocery 11111 I I CRUISING, starring Al Pacino, Paul Sorvino and Karen Allen; written and directed by William Friedkin. March/Apil, 1980 olution. Gere is a gigolo with standards; he likes women and takes pride in his wellpaid work. Framed for a murder, he finds good old romantic love at the end of the rainbow. Another prostitute with a heart of gold, except this time it's a Filled with some of the most embarrassingly awful dialogue, shackled with a stupid plot, peopled with glamorously sadistic Hollywood types and photographed in a hard, modern brilliance akin to the photographs of Guy Bourdin or Helmut Newton and the paintings of David Hockney, Americax Gigolo will enrage and sometimes amuse those of us who think movies should have good stories and intelligent dialogue. For those (film students, mostly) who value style over content, knock yourselves out. 

PAGE 31

I thoughtless Tiuddle that doesn't explore see the only sympathetic homosexual (who a thsng except hundreds of male butdoes not fteqvent leather bars) brutally athc I k -murdered for reasons that are never clear. ock. -laimer before the film says it deals But perhaps it isn't fairto'criticize such obAith st iroue stoall segment of .the viouslapsesinlogic;judging from this film homosextal population and should not be and from Friedkins statements about it, he hmtsideres vcpresentative of the homodoesn't know what the hell he's doing. Usual popUlatin as a whole; but later we Jludfth Sims sexual plus Istiasts as a whole; hut later we -Jiidllh SIms tJACOBA ATLAS October, 1977 Compass International leased a low-budget horror boogieman m called Halloween; it cost $300,000 to ake and has, so far, grossed $40 million. alloween was, as every horror film cionado knows, directed, co-written and -produced (with Debra Hill) by John Carnter. He even wrote the music. Now he s performed the same tasks for The Fog, a st-released ghost story (which features two Halloween's stars, Jamie Lee Curtis and ancy Loomis). A 31-year-old University of Southern alifornia film school dropout (he didn't aduate because he wouldn't or couldn't arn French), Carpenter first gained naanal attention when his short film, The, surrectton of Bronro Bilsy, won an Oscar. "I ought I could just sit back and the phone would ring. It didn't," he says. "Then-I ured people in Hollywood thought that' st because I could make a short film, it dn't mean I could make a feature. So I ent four years making a feature called ri Star [an outer-space satire). No one lied. But that movie did get me an agent" e agent sent Carpenter out on dozens of tpt meetings, most of which proved agavatsng and fruitless. One script actually came The EYe of Laura Mars, hardly an press ticket to the big time, iTen came Halloween and near-instant I etus. But i still not being offered SnetAl Pacttmoovie," Carpenter says, It aut seems like customary candor, cino or no Pacisro, the phone started Ong. Disk Clark asked Carpenter to direct the vst hia-pic f'or ABC television. "Dick ured I would have a feel for music; actuy, Elvis was a hero, and I once had my own k & roll band.The success of Hanoueen dte critical acclaim forElvis resulted in a ultipicture deal with Avco Embatsy, ich Is currently releasing The Fog. Carpenter's other future projects include a western titled El Diablo and a remake of the horror classic The Thing. "I plan to go back to the original short story for my movie," he says. "A great deal was left out of the Arness film"' Carpenter' associates say he would rather stay within the genre film category, working slightly outside the system. Cautious is a word they use. He's also something of an iconoclast, a self-described hillbilly from Kentucky despite the fact that his father has a Ph.D. in musicology and his mother is a bibliophile. Carpenter is goodlooking without seeming to care about it. He could pass for a Jack Nicholson stand-in, or a back-up musician for a not-quite-successful rock band. He lacks the usual Hollywood narcissism; in fact, the most Hollywood thing he's done is marry an actress -Maude's daughter Adrienne Barbeau, who stars in The Fog. It was Carpenter's idea to have his wife do her own Farrah-competing pin-up poster, which features Barbeau in an old-fashioned merry widow corset. Over-zealous critics have already called Carpenter the next Hitchcock, a premature assessment at best. Although he obviously knows film technique, his films have lacked the plot sophistication to elevate them beyond the promising. However, Carpenter isn't interested in complaints about his storytelling prowess. He takes exception, for instance, to reviews which said The Fog, about hundred-year-old ghosts which come back to wreak revenge>-on a Northern California town, lacked plot credibility. "It isn't a matter of plot but emotions. The Fog is a fantasy. You know it can't happen. There are no such things as ghosts. To make it work on a script level would have meant putting in all sorts of explanations, it would have slowed down the film" Carpenter admits good ghost movies are hard to come by, although he did single out the excellent The Uninvited with Ray Milland as one that works. "I think the only fantasy that always captures you is The Wizard ofOz" As for The Fog, he says he wouldn't want this to get around, but the film is a tribute to those old comic books, Talesfrom the Crypt. "I loved them," he remembers. "They always had 0. Henry endings and I wanted to make a movie that worked in the same way." He laughingly dismisses the recent screamer, Alien, by calling it a rubber monster movie. Carpenter's penchant for making scary movies came from childhood when he saw and lovedIt Camefrom Outer Space. "I wasn't so much scared as thrilled. I knew right then I wanted to do that to someone else." This fledgling master of the macabre isn't particularly brave. Barbeau delighted the Los Angeles Film Critics Society a few weeks ago by telling them her husband was terrified of a bat which had made its way into their newly purchased Hollywood Hills home, and Carpenter readily admits egg yolks give him the shakes. Egg yolks? When he was about four he visited a farm where the owners made him eat a fertilized egg that wasalready turning into a chick. Young John was traumatized for life. He's finally, after many years, willed himself to eat eggs sunflyside up, but he carefully cuts around the yalk and swallows onlyihe whites. F' factor five new Shure Cartrdges feature the technoloical breakthrOFgh of the V15 Type Applications Highest fidelity where light tracking forces are essential. Where slightly heavier tracking forces are required. For 78 rpm records. ShureBrothersInc,222Hartrey Ave, Evanston, ILS0204 InCanada:A C Simmonds&SonsLimited Outside theU.S. or Canada, write to ShureBrothersInc., Attn: Dep. J6for informationonyourlocal Shure distributor Manufacturers of high fidelty components, microphones. sound systems and related circuitry Chbancellort Steve MeArh~ "ssr 21,11 Sis. 01v;Hj555 cd Umw ~ climmobir I IU-.F itiffliffIllustul 5 Salu t Rer -ra 15 Tip Stylus Tracking Model Configuration Force .Nude 3/tt11 M97HE Hyperelliptical grams Nude Biradial to 11 MB7ED (Elliptical) grams M97GD Nude Spherical grams M97EJ -Biradial 1/ to 3 M (Elliptical) grams 11 to 3 M97B Spherical grams 78 rpm Stylus Biradial 1/2to3 for all M97's (Elliptical) grams the M97 Era IVSeries phono cartridges Shure has written a new chapter in the history of affordable hi-fi by making the space-age technological breakthroughs of the incomparable V15 Type IV available in a completeline ofhbigh-performance, moderately-priced cartridges: the M97 Era IV Series Phono Cartridges, available with five different interchangeable stylus configurations to fit every system and every budget. The critically acclaimed V15 Type IV is Ihe cartridge that astonished audiophiles with such vanguard features as the Dynamic Stabilizer-which simultaneously overcomes record-warp caused problems, provides electrostatic neutralization of the record surface, and effectively removes dust and lint from the record-and, the unique telescoped stylus assembly which results in lower effective stylus mass and dramatically improved trackability. Each of these features. and more. has been incorporated in the five cartridges in the M97 Series-there is even an M97 cartridge that offers the low distortion Hyperelliptical stylus! What's more, every M97 cartridge features a unique lateral deflection assembly, called the SIDE-GUAAD, which responds to side thrusts on the stylus by withdrawing the entire stylus shank and tip safely into the stylus housing before it can bend. NEW! M97 Series Era IV Phono Cartridges.Five new Invitations to the new era In hI-fl. -1 9 

PAGE 32

Gary "U.S." Bonds; Trax, New York City -Are my legs cool?" Gary "U.S.Bonds stood onstage for his first New York performance in 15 years and worried about his legs. The man whose festive, accelerated R&B hits rocked everyone's early Sixties basement partieswas onstage in lycra spandex. -I got my tights on and I'm nervous about my legs. Are they cool?" They were. Garv -U.S" Bonds knows it's 1980. but his revival on New York's new wave circuit has more to do with history than the new decade. Late in January, "U.S" Bonds played Trax nightclub and Club 57 at Irving Plaza, had his Trax concert broadcast, and did a talk show on WPIX-FM, New York's ruling rock and roll station. While new wavers inspected their roots, "U.S" Bonds (born Gary Anderson. Jacksonville. Florida, 1939), sang for a new currency. At Trax, U.S. Bonds cashed in the desire penned up from being hitless for more than fifteen years. He courted the crowd. -We been here all davy man. It takes a long time to rock and roll here. I don't like rock and roll -I love it. You start with the new wave: I'll star! with the soul." To suggest that he hadn't disappeared (and maybe we had). he disposed of his old hits in a medley of -School Is Out." -Dear LadN Twist." and "Quarter to Three."I Around the medley and a full version ofI -New Orleans" he danced through funky soul/rock originals, a Dr. Hook ballad, and a no-apologies-given-or-needed cover of Cold Blood's "You Got Me Hummin'" Pleasurable as the music was at Trax, the raw screech, the raunch, and the infamous chaos of Bonds' early Sixties records had disappeared. The man who kept doo-wop safe from M iddleamerica, whose sax man -Daddy G -gave Clarence Clemmons and Bruce Springsteen a song to chew on three or four rock generations later, didn't have one horn in his band! His voice didn't cry. And. after latter-day girl groups like the Slits and the Plasmatic's Wendy Williams, Bond's girl-singer-in-sexy-clotheswith-tambourine was just too tame to impress. The guys in the band had seen too much of Ted Nugent. But the Trax concert in New York made a great night out and updated 'the legend. The crowd paid tribute to Gary "'U.S.' Bonds: the latter paid the rent for Gary Anderson. Unda M. Eklund Cheap Trick & Moon Martin; Sports Arena, San Diego The Trick's San Diego appearance was a textbook example of polished rock showmanship, a fast-moving, here-come-the-hits sort of concert as crowd-pleasing as it was predictable. Dishing out their special brand of heavy metal with a bubblegum center. the band elicited yelps of joy from its faithful throughout the evening. Since their songs are either fast and silly orfaster and silly, Cheap Trick's momentum was unflagging. The pretty half of the quartet. Robin Zander and Tom Petersson, dominated the vocalizing, their agitated but unthreatening shrieks often lost in the echoes of the cavernous Sports Arena. Zander flexed his larynx on "Gonna Raise Hell," "Heaven Tonight" and "Surrender," while Petersson was featured during "I Know What I Want and I Know How to Get It" Nearly interchangeable in vocal styles and appearance, they came across as rambunctious party animals, rowdy but not really dangerous. While Zander and Petersson are the crowd-rousers, guitarist/songwriter Rick Nielson and drummer Bun E. Carlos spark the band. Nielson's brawny technique is the equal of Ted Nugent's in brutality, but was employed in a pleasingly streamlined fashion. Like his playing, the guitarist's trademark antics (rubber-faced grins, Gruchoesque lurches. pick-tossing) have become standardized fare: it can't be denied, though. that together with Carlos' insistent backbeat and the keyboard touches of guest sideman Jai Winding (a veteran sessions player), Nielson made Cheap Trick's Sports Arena show a model of smoothlyexecuted rock and roll. Warming up the Trickophiles was Moon Martin. a workmanlike songwriter whose 'Bad Case of Loving You" and -Rolene" have earned him attention of late. Martin's material has been covered well by other artists. most notably Mink DeVille (-Cadillac Walk") and Robert Palmer. The Oklahoma-bred rocker's own interpretations of his moody. Chuck Berrvish songs are hindered by a profound lack of stage presence. Had Harry Truman ever turned to rock and roll, he would've cut a figure much like Martin's --earnest, businesslike. more than a little dull. B yfonso B.B. King, Luther Allison; Madison, Wisconsin It wasn't the Regal Theater in Chicago, and the music wasn't purely the blues, but B.B. King smiled as though he loved every second of his forty-minute set of ballads, soul, funk, and a few of the traditional crowd pleasers that have been part and parcel of the King act since the 1950's. Diamond rings flashing in the spotlights, Lucille swinging on his hip, King had the crowd stomping and clapping within the first five minutes. King's ten-piece band played hot and tight, pouring out the slick, patented sound that cements his position as the Number One Man of the Blues. King's guitar phrasings were classic: elegant bent-note moans, terse yips and long, solid vibratos. It was hard to tell how many recognized the newer material from King's recent association with the Crusaders, but the predominantly white crowd danced and smoked. That's B.B. King -so, this must be the blues. Luther Allison's set was energetic and powerful, the best he has sounded in four years. A devotee of the B.B. King style, Alli-son may not have the national reputation (yet), but blues fans from the Midwest know that he can easily play with the best. The current band supports him perfectly, letting him do what he does best: take center-stage and hold it. Allison could become a serious rival for B.B. King's Number One spot. William J. Burling World Saxophone Quartet; Village Theatre, UC Irvine The WSQ works out of a multi-leveled conceptual framework. They redefine both the European chamber ensemble and the big-band-jazz reed section and manage to do so with precision and vitality. Each man is a major player on his instrument, a bandleader and a composer as well. Hamiet Bluiett is a resourceful and commanding baritone saxophonist. Julius Hemphill, an alto player, is one of jazz's most important contemporary composers. Altoist Oliver Lake is known for his spatial writing and a sound that can scorch or soothe. David Murray is an intense tenor player with a formidable technique. Hemphill's "Steppin'" from their album of the same name, was rendered with more verve and imagination than the recording. With Murray slapping down the backbeat on bass clarinet and Bluiett's flute gliding UNDA M. EKLUND Mac/Apr, 19ft over Lakeltscorved SoPrano and Hemphils tenor statements, the effect was like well. oiled machine parts working separately yet serving the whole. The acoustically. excellent Village Theatre enhanced the sonorities of the horns. Bluiett's "For Eddie Jefferson" proved t6 be a delightful melodic miniature played by Hemphill's alto with emotional warmth. Murray's "Flashlight' (a tribute to Eldridge Cleaver's short story?), showcased the composer's tough improvising reflexes and steel chops. An unannounced piece saw the players pairing off with Lake's rippling alto trills against Bluiett's baritone squawkings, creating a shorthand relief pattern. Opening the bill was the Vinny Golia Tiio a cohesive yet loose-ensemble involved in reordering sound,'space and color. Golia plays a vast array of reeds but sounded best on soprano sax, achieving a fluidity without piping in the high registers. Bassist Roberto Miranda navigated a warm stretch, pluck. ing out a Latin-tinged melody while Golia's flute added color and percussionist Alex Cline lightly brushed textures. Like Air, a more famous avant-garde outfit, this group relies on musical telepathy rather than the well-ordered charts of WSQ. Kirk Silsbe# Zen & Contemporary Poetry; Hyatt Ballroom, San Francisco Jerry Brown was there. So was Uinda Ronstadt. So were abtut 850 others. The event was a poetry reading. Five distinguished contemporary American poets met to discuss how Zen has affected their lives and to read poems showing that effect. Lucien Stryk started the night with a somber, impassioned reading of his own work and that of his friend, Japanese poet Takahashi. Huge-bellied Philip Whalen,' with his shaved head, lumberjack shirt and baggy pants, changed the mood completely with a hilarious selection of poems about his life in a Zen monastery. Next was Richard Brautigan, the reclusive author of Trout Fishing in America, In Ihternelon Sugar etc. Attired in old denim and drinkingJack DaniuIs from a bottle ina brown paper bag, Brautigan delighted the crowd (largely composed of college English teachers) with a deadpan monologue that poked fun at the audience's conception of him. "I know that many of you are amazed that I am even capable of human speech,"he began. "Lookl A talking hippie unicorn! What will he say next? Well, the next thing I am going tosay is an apology for not having any flowers in my hair, andfor not bringing a gigantic bouquet of daisies to personally distribute to each of you. Robert Bly did bring and wear flowers, and he entranced the cl-owd with his poems as he accompanied himself with the haunting strains of the dulcimer.Gary Snyder, the Pulitzer Prize winner, this night wearing a three-piece suit and matching earrings, closed the evening by distinguishing three types of Zen poets: the Holy Goof; the traditional, academic writer; and the totally committed Zennist. one could easily fit Brautigan into category one, Bly and Stryk in #2, and Snyder and Whalen in #3. At the end of the session, after the panelists discoverd the resounding answer to thekoan "What is the sound of 1700 hands clapping?"the poets were surrounded byap odd assortmen 't of groupies, autograph hounds, student*, scholars, fellow PotS, and at least one rock star and one presidential candidate, the latter no doubt hoping to sew up the Zet vote. -D LynCh "I wIUWrT5%air~UCVy Higt .aan 

PAGE 33

'7 Music, Music, Msic. f awards were given for vulgarity in the book business, these two Elvis "tributes" would walk off with honors. For Elvis: We Love You Tender (Delacorte, $14.95) translate "The Autobiography of Dee Presley, Billy, Rick, and David Stanley." Dee Stanley married Elvis' father, Wrnon. Her three boys (from a previous marriage) grew up to become Elvis' sidekicks and bodyguards. Their "family memoir" is alternately sentimental and sensational: Dee remembers that Priscilla was "a darling girl" but the boys only remember the days of "chicks, chicks, chicks" Author Martin Torgoff glues together the crass anecdotes with purple prose: "Half a million young souls gathered on Max Yasgur's farm in upstate New York for three days of peace, love, and music, an event dubbed 'Woodstock."' Meanwhile, "back in Memphis, Tennessee, Elvis Presley. had the world at his feet." An assortment of photographs of the Stanley brothers accompanies their superficial account of the King's rise and fall from Graceland. Rick recalls the final years: "The man was into drugs, for sure, and so was I" For Elvis: Newly Discovered Drawings of Elvis Presley (Bantam, $8.95) translate lump on the Elvis Bandwagon" Dozens of sketches of Elvis'eyes, costumes, chest hair and cowlick -of everything but the eternally censored pelvis -reveal nothing about the man but everything about the feverish fantasy life of Betty Harper, a sketch artist from Hendersonville, Tennessee. Elvis would probably have liked these simple drawings, pencil portraits like those seen on the boardwalk or at state fairs. The sketches aspire only to express Harper's adoration for the man she says 'created" her life. There is none of Man Ray's flair for capturing the spirit of the famous personality, none of Warhol's insight into the pop-hero phenomena. One feels uncomfortably voyeuristic looking at Harper's sketches, as if one had "newly discovered" the secret doodlings that belonged to a lovesick teenager. Vulgarity was a necessary ingredient in the powerful spell Elvis cast on America. His gold lame suits reflected his time and his nation with good-humor. The contributions overshadowed the kitsch movies, the ostentatiousness of his women, the hypocritical paradox of his puritanical attitude and decadent lifestyle. Elvis became a legend when he made music a healthy blend of blushing sincerity and straightforward sexuality. Although a million books like these two couldn't shake Elvis' throne, they will hurt and anger fans. Pichwrd imms eligion is all a question of faith. For those who have faith, all the explanations in the world are unnecessary; for those who don't all the explanations in the world aren't enough. Thatjust about sums up the conclusion drawn in a quickie paperback titled Dylan -What Happened (Entwhistle Press, $3.95) by Paul Williams, the founding father of Crawdaddy magazine in the Sixties. This long essay (or short monograph) addresses itself to the burning issue of whether Dylan has sincerely found Jesus or whether he's just putting across one more trick, an issue which apparently consumed Williams' whole life. He and his wife traveled about the country, following Dylan's recent concert tour. Williams listened with rapt attention to every lyric of every song, reexamined the old songs and Dylan's film Renaldo & Clara and came to the conclusion that yes, Dylan has found Jesus and yes, he is sincere. Dylan: What Happened is a superficial, oh-gosh book by a devoted fan who seems to think that everything Dylan says and does is not only news but history. When Alfred Hitchcock was filming Spellbound, Ingrid Bergman became agitated, nearly hysterical as she searched for hidden meanings in her character. To calm her nerves, Hitchcock said in a loud, dear voice, 'Ingrid, it's only a movie" Paul Williams, it's only rock and roll. .b Ad rugs and violence and sex and music --you'll find it all infJambeaux ( (Harcourt Brace Jovanovich, $9.95), a novel about the rise and fall of a rock band in the mid-1970s by former musician Laurence Gonzales. Longtime friends Page and Link are Vietnam vets who, disgusted with playing blood-bucket saloons in South Texas, start their own band; they call themselves Jambeaux and put out a sound that is onepart Creole, two parts "light assault rock and roll," and wholly their own, and Jambeaux rockets to fame and fortune and flame-out. Jambeaux is not merely a behind-thescenes look at the whirligig world of rock and roll, it is an inside-out account that is as probing as surgery -and sometimes as bloody. Page identifies rock and roll with. Vietham, and in his recurrent flashbacks the connection between the music and the war is so strong that the battlefield command "Lock and load" is replaced by "Rock and Roll," and this Vietnam/Rock association is present throughout the book. It's a rock and roll war to Page, and the battles are costly. It's all here: the exhaustive repetitions of a recording session, the numbing nightmare of the big tour, the casual sexual encounters, the dangerous habits of irrepressible hell-raisers as they rely less on music and more on drugs to keep them going. Al of which leads to a tragedy that is reminiscent of those real-life ones we remember so vividly -Hendrix, Morrison, Joplin. Page draws back, drops out, shaken to his core, and we can easily understand why.-*t the human depth of the tragedy is not feltby the reader so much asit is sensed, because author Gonzales is better at describing musicians at work than he is at conveying the intensity of their humanity. @on S fltarisM ook publishers are, at this moment, suffering acid rains of works in two categories, rock music and the Sixties. This means every typist who's had a paragraph pririted in any of hundreds of rock 'n' roller periodicals has written a book, so beware. On the other hand, a few soaring Phoenixes will rise from these ashes and here is one of the first: Barefoot in Babylon (Viking, $15.95), a magnificent book by Robert Stephen Spitz on 1969's Woodstock Music Festival. It is 500 pages long, well-written except for a few dangling modifiers and awkward prepositions, and highly entertaining. fts greatest strength is the clear and inexorable description of how Woodstock became, simultaneously, a stupifying disaster and an unprecedented triumph. Spitz paces his book in precise synchronization with the festival's evolution so that by the time a reader reaches the chapter titled "Friday, August 15, 1969," mayhemic events and outrageous behind-the-scenes characters are spinning by as fast as time must have been passing for them then. It's not a particularly nostalgic book it's fascinating. Hilarious and heroic anecdotes are in deluge supply. One example is Abbie Hoffman, threatening early on to put LSD into the festival water tanks unless 00' 4TI e FAJW jWIgS FgL i AS ADOVE ALL #FTS N y-, 1T PRey VERPAmU. FLOkEjU BW*A$ H"R Covit&6 lTiE NO8L. 8I0A FOR T& PA-RNAL rIN 6*f ANYPA' RO _S. a6M IN MA'Uft'S Elfoutoiwns OF % RILIAW7 DIADEM. ooru AMP CAW 4d CA GUM IS .-. (;haci~l~r teve~ .p n ev.'~ ~~'I~nn~~ut~~au*mwHIMw Mad 9 L handsomely paid. He eventually gets knocked off-the stage by Pete Townshend who had-no idea whom he was offing and never gave it another thought. Spitz also provides an "afterword" in which he summarizes festival principals' activities in the last decade. If you like the genre you couldn't ask for a better book. Speaking of genres, I don't like surveys, but a definitive one has been done by Rex Weiner and Deanne Stillman called Woodstock Census, the Nationwide Survey of the Sixties Generation (Viking, $9.95). It answers, statistically, questions about the Sixties, questions from body hair prevalence to politics, music, sex and drugs. The trouble is that surveys and resulting percentages are not interesting except to statisticians. Never mind. Any serious student of the 1960s Will want and shouki have this book just because it exists. And the questionnaire was fun to read. Ad. Wckwiu hort of putting a pen in your hand and a melody in your brain, If They Ask You, You Can Write a Song (Simon& Schuster, $10.96) does everything a songwriter's primer can be expected to do. Various chapters touch on Broadway, film, commercial, Country and Western and Rhythm and Blues songwriting, but the payload of If They Ask is its scrutiny of the pop form. Anchored with bits and examples betweencdeclarative remarks, the book's chapters are almost little pop songs in themselves, small bits of substance packed in memory-snagging hooks. Emphasis is laid on adjustment to marketplace realities, which is disconcerting at the same time it's wise. How do flair and originality emerge, given the incessant need to be commercial? But that's a question that's bugged artists of all types ever since the Medici family axed their patronage budget. Authors Al Kasha and Joel Hirschorn may not be the authors of deathless lyrics, but they've scored bucks, houses and cars in a racket that starves most practitioners. Their halfway satisfying resolution of the creativity/ commerciality perplex: ". a peculiar fusion of brain and heart sometimes combines to produce greatness when you're just doing your job. Songwriting is a profession, and has to be treated that way if you're to succeed" Byron Laureen rt Pepper is a Los Angeles-based saxophonist who achieved worldwide fame from his Forties and Fifties work with the Stan Kenton band and his early association with the "West Coast" school of jazz playing. Art Pepper is also a junkie, a full-blown heroin addict, and a self-proclaimed genius, and Straight Life (Schirmer, $12.95) is his story, from the first unloved moments to the right-onthe-edge present, told in the first person by Pepper, his friends, relatives and cohorts, and transcribed and edited by Art's wife, Laurie. The-reader travels with Pepper through his bleak childhood, with its resultant never-ending need to be the best, the number one, the greatest; through his first musical and amorous successes; his first snort of stuff; then his first fix; then his addiction. follow him through innumerable trips to jail and prison, relive his affairs with the woenen he didn't care for, read his recollections of recording dates where he could barely stand yet played marvelously, and follow him through his years at Synanon, where he met Laurie, and his final re-emergence, once again re,I 1. a^ A, -Wv "wwffl 

PAGE 34

18 Aflpern afld March/A pnt, 1980 Umin the life of a musician and human I it Is an appalling set fascinating report elsewhere. in at least one field the British obvious editorial intention to include citizen. though still unsure and unstable oii hou not itconduct one's brief visit oil stand unchallenged -music. From Burwithin the definition of -musicsuch noIt'-s been a long. hard go, and he's not home this planet nets four volume -General History of classical manifestations of the art as Grov tlee set an Str SIusic" (1776-1789) to ethnocentric and Burney disdain. 'stihs Lte a n honest. bras hig i-ol Gros e's Diciwnars. the reference source, the Here is a sumptuously illustrated effort iume. hlled uh graphic details st lit es ll~sIle it Is the Germans who hate the Brits chase been preeminent. So it is no to produce not only a history of art (as o .1nsd isasted sear. but it Pepper, resurreputation for this sort of thing. surprise that The Music Makers, edited by posed to folk music), but an enctclopedia Teso there is asio a glimimer ot light it cataloguing and compending beCIste Unger-Hamilton (Abrams, New as well. Any hook which has photo the isiit it all this darknessAbkste all. sond the patIece of less anal pedagogues Ytrk). is so good. What is a surprise is the Frank Sinatra, Sarah Vaughan, Edith Piaf and Tito Gobb (app az cafe and Opera respectively) has something going for i A. NFthe editors of Grove's never understood A WONDERLAND OFr BOOKS The biographical entries O opsr I and performers anears c I IwV fiDurys rWUX^wry 1111 1 BY RON CARLSON omne is asleep so the bcikstore. Not just asleep this t)icuis/ar book, tasis time, is a matter to take up with the staff. atterisoisn. but heats/s asleep. flat cost oi a couch, and Shakespeare and Compams does biast the largest stock of annotin the bsikstore. but ip is the -ibrars We are ipiqiuarian fng/sh lookits s/se utlcontinent. and though George s[.Irs IistiIT/sthe labs rimihisse looikshop. Shakespeare WhAtmani collectii n )f modern i hrt editions is impressive. he Ast-! impansi i Paris. ishich Henrs Niller called a %% ()'I ist sell them to -amoni.is i If lie likes siui, or thinks you 5s'o!derli/nd of boiks -From thess inidsOfs ill'darlt k lieia sminderceimtersictiIIthe1boiik.thenie might selltiouioneof sohnedrcim.seCsLan see tile tacade of Notre Dame hisfarecbiksHannah as. she "cmte Fhe portrait tht detelops i& the absent George Whitman sosiWs t se' Ste ask otshe thousands siciuies desiiibes a ienerisand inente man %% ho runs the store as its in 1. scotile tat henesileii despot. He lives in the Vc / n.ies/brars People store, net to the library, as do set-''s cc "it e d sil n'icsisiiairs cr alrcsI'esi t and transient ~ :' wen'-ise ar-ld -"Geosrge watches the kind of ' A i ss another books someone is buying. and if .) bicksuccre aphe thinks the person might be inZ cs.i "s hrets. Is in ItcsCted he sosites him to state. .his e t dioi/, nia pestp/e find out about staying eo r je Stmhianf our here from friends or traveling acss 't th, iamitnces. /e a/sats ask about / -se' Ss c i) sheuinittier ofhow these wee referred to us. and in. .nnih sass -He ia' s iting ties all is rite it the journals.'itrci Iitis 'cksscre /a\s t-g I he jonstils, several large black ei-iea is ih smie nesdts and thet bound s/uies. are thrust mit our listed ie t cijn them.laps.fles are thick with hundreds 'shakes('s-are iaisdsitu pal Iiss eof briel biographies of the people ot the mnsit iaious b store names thi hate hisie/ed here. asd bet is the isi hI lie store. under the whIC0slit cs ed thee af merciless phi/anthrOp management of s lia 5p5I5si ansd literary aspiration. Beat h. Aided ind abeted dozen-)sit o ,A,'" nn -, b,/, s 6I e/d s mi imoand hracnassion. iir r i .iwnI sits k n o wi n "5n ,Pi ,,petit ci'! ii c cc i/si Masts mth she short confessions are sc/si H AdnEzra O11d 55re / dt.12r ,e4 I miscd, (n a accompanied b photographs, and H isidesi. Ezra Pvttd.f;-hnctulia p :,itch a bi: i e stale at the soung faces wonSiesmloc asslaE reps Heissing wa ei 4i-c ic pt:,h c iiin i/s teng who illactually realize his h e ii \itedp t IlZnde(tiP;/sc, 1t/c.hdandz, streai ind become the ext Ford S'se. os: 1/ nFer :Ad.kciti ilMddox Ford or Hemingway-. re nc c :ceuris. S/akesHemingwayA ,-,a ite''et/Fes fit Is there a ees ostas in the : jane' Jsce's t /11he. ini 1922. more t ihalf 'Not real. Gige hii i sIdmg s/s special talents of e5'ssiie !he book %as des/ared legalh fis for American Ppep/c.sandlie gctsemi ihisildsse/s sicrsoone miitsi t i ts/e dsk for A couple stild h s.e tkshe bittup-e ha' changed hand' and ioted ccciii use stirs helped ith the plumbing tio da ago.P rue de 37 rue de la Buchene. taking the r er. Ob iA lumberjack, si iSomeonie dressed like I luibes jack, comes e-t. ,-or %% riser' niakes ansliterars pilgrimage to i ith sltole. -Is there am mail for fie, Hemingas its Pari' 74 rie de Cardinal A Isets gisl at the desk, a a isiian student staying for a few ctae< n the rue s5t Germai. to the condt. l hands f im t emelopes. About half a doen riends'and shake-speare arid Compa eibies. siiseeise i"',"/ care Of Shakes/eare 'n (ICoipan This 's isr/dofthedozenssof hterars sutesone can mail5 tiu out to be lohn Kenirltk, write, actorbo her. ci S h dh-fde bokhop. more actisel% thin lam 11lumberyack., r.a .c -~ictcfunwkssthp. tsee \acte/s ps/sssfitht se/ck she spirs-Ws it s/se sserars past assd priest She sidrc /iino i length\ discussion of the Edinbur h Fesssn.Itm tact, is that these are the ;aie rooiss iticll. dtutug i/ic/i aither t mt lho hasbeenthu ibig t .' photographs from G-1tr i -one o /the sseek-old Sunda \cicc lbs/s killie\ (oit sale a taiscount) 0 i 's's s ha Beach Wellt. het aren't. but ase Arranges to ride ilhlst keis k ti hesisl S issul/)i i on:he --all msac marble flsoir dour itairs / hich Geoige /the, lWst I, Cc. a plab tihe usriter.S/c \teiled t coucetat St h-ca sb'd-:nade. siannisig the bulgng 'ing shehes for treasuies. the Centre Cultural Aierisain, tonig s/iW \t/I st Isti /e. clerk' it readm ccit/s tdzens cit Itserars notices on theItittissand/0i1ithe sAlueoAstasck of usedvpaperci ik books sliei11tli list d -vr. e i e Ithe% could bae been Things still happen mi this tie store frontm student/it lo has brought the iit u S/sitness Nxxiksire .another gu1dent hu\ .1 cop\ of Dozn lan)d ldt I .o wi ness As Bir/.,a. ile other gusii m charge. makes change out of the hGeorge Or% ell froniI th /table ofI le\% paperack classics. Asl cash regis er.is xxien cigar bits kept under the table'. a mail older character comes ill, wtt iIng aniun'esi /s enters th s-tore tI, ask. -Is T,;red jonesshere' kke in French \Ill(h1ihe//ic/ilclerkicicikia/vsi Tilesres No she t -But ie IsI Pans Want to lease a messageHcU of its ev i ge Addresses. ad % g secn t ltt tin sg il proiuibi le ii'he reading tonight' Paris.sse/burst outsideandturnpa lutist / /thii cil ostdo ord Yes. -es I lti uesdas. a big s/asc for Shakespeare and casks 1/ used pap/erbukiis he t li selt ud Companies lumght the literary staff of the Paris based journal mark the Place St. Michel. -i eh PsI's 1"' timeets upsAirs. and alter that in the ruossu where the It is t/uestrangest boikii ut s's s 'arundIni. bus swa A sleep there sill be the seek/ sesei us'sc/k poetr /The customers ite guestsoie stss situ's t reading lontght's. ue note, Is bs a Spanish poet. a Seniora months Tile books sre read. and occas f s S/sb Charsana alh purc hased. ve C 'ha rsa nasrealize that ies eIenin Par'is almost twsuts -luistliussi'ursd Anitie ere us up the store's policies. And, in si per-that we know ses n peop le no\%wd sul ue gous g us en sinal a bishop. ose is ns supposed so fd the lack of a cosisShakespeare and Comipssms usiuscI Issi/uheisell ts t ic /\iuet'brier'. tent into rs "item Bks are gruped general bs area: ficit remains .ceuster for tlhe A/terica popueltionrof' re atin Mon. non-hfutsscn, rare buss. etcetera. The location of a parQuarter, sustaiig its riessds ii ttri 5/ ic hes. ----t-t-tn d Lu prenensive as one would dare hope ina one-volume work -if perhaps a bit biased to the home team. One can cavil: Elvis Presle was o 'the first white singer who could real sing 'black:"But where else would one fihda book which listed in alphabetical ordei Ben Jonson,JanisJoplin, Scottc Joplin and Josquin des Pres, and treated all with equal respect? Equally important are the ntroduor essays and historical notes which, sith the handsome illustrations, place iusic in a social context. Why, even a critic or two gets a bibliog. raphic mention here. Ed Cray he avowed purpose oft \iarice Yacowar's Loser Take All: Th ( ic \rt of Allen (Ungar, $10.95) is "to determine what Allen's jokes mean. shat response they prompt besides /.Lughster": elaborate rationalized in the intoduction, this purpose remains a quixotiu task. (rammed into this niche or that with Yacowar's turgid, thesis-bound prose, Allen's humor keeps popping out like sume crazed Jack-]n-the-box. Yacowar's favorite niches are Allen's use of bathos, mock-heroism, and the fabled Allen persona itself. To learn that bathosis the characteristic tone of such Allen gems as 'The thing to remember is that each time of life has its appropriate rewards, whereas if you're dead it's hard to f6d the light switch,' is neither edifying nor particularly surprising. Much oftthe time the reader feels like the tape recorder in one of Allen's monologues -it keeps saig "I know, I know. The rest of the time is spent in the grip of lethargy, plodding through zingers like the explanation of this Allen line: A man awakens in the morning and finds himself transformed into his own arch supports." Yacowar's interpretation? -Unable to escape his own nature. man is his own arch support -or enems./Allen's hutnor is apparently no laughing matter. Still, the book is complete, from nionologues to Manhattan, and an extensive bibliography and filmograps are provided. And Yacowar can be both perceptive, as in the Annie Hall chapter. and helpful, as when he supplies the titles of the Gershwin tunes used in specific settings in aanzaan. What Yacowar perhaps does not grasp is that the very persona Allen uses for his humor, 'amplifying personal anxieties, exposing and expressing secret fears.' yields a personal vision of Allen's humor to each viewer, a vision that must differ from Yacowar's own. So what makes Siodv funny? ake the Eric Lax portrait of Allen (Ot Ru B555 Fun nY), some S.J. Perelman and Robert Benchlev, Mort Sahl, the Bob Hope and Marx Bros. films, Allens own Getting cell and Without Feathers and the film scripts.and run. Not to worry a/oul Allen and his work: "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying." 'rry Gtos 

PAGE 35

1 -1 r (:haneiior Steve -.M--A r--.r "IT" Nattress said he did not think UP WOUIUa De SUic tu qucrc cima r I E nAminlIctrntnr cnRid they vPlrkt ?ifp nintr-fv prsand 19 March/Ar P, 1980 AM A G AINST TH WIND 0 

PAGE 36

J I I I I I U I t I I I I I I I I. I' 'I I I I, t ) ~ m 1~ III'! 4, g I pr 'H 'U, IjI I! i' 'IF I, Ii III ii U g I~j VWI p. I iii' I,' 'I 'Ii ii II I I I 4 t I I I I 'ii I I Pt Ii Ii U I ~ JI ii I LIII iI'* / 7J~ I / I, I Iw I I, / /1 If <I '1 LI I. el J AlI/ I/I / li/i/i II Lb / ''I ~ I! I//I II / I II j h1iL1L~ I L*jj $ ~m~J El V I I 
