
PAGE 1

VOLUME 100 ISSUE 128 the independent florid a Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Floida We Inform. You Decide. TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 PLETE Gators top Buckeyes for back-to-back titles BY LOUIS ANASTASIS* ATLANTA xpectations churned into hate. Hate elicited a February losing streak. The losing streak fueled resurgence. Resurgence morphed into unstoppable tournament basketball. Unstoppable tournament basketball led to a reality that transcended Gator Nation's most fantastical fantasies. The Gators forever etched themselves into encyclopedias, trivia games and history books Monday night in the Georgia Dome. UF 84, Ohio State 75. Love them or hate them, here are your national champs. "We're the best team to ever play college basketball," UF forward Corey Brewer said. UF (35-4) did the improbable. It returned its juniors in an age when NBA money is hip. It avoided injuries and pressure during a long-winded season. It deflected criticism and the bull's-eye -spinning it all into a boulder and hurling it toward Ohio State. The 2006 UF program that has ridden Ohio State like a steer and hurled it toward the dirt in a full nelson. OSU 75 UF 84 Your 2006 hoops champs? That would be UF, which began the season unranked but ended it with more momentum than a runaway Mack truck, defeating UCLA 73-57 in the title game. Your 2006 football champs? They would be the Gators, denounced as underdogs by the media and consequently motivated to massacre the Buckeyes 41-14 on Jan 8. Your 2007 hoops champs? Yes, there's a pattern here. UF has become the Roman Empire of college sports. The Gators have made the Buckeyes feel something like the Buffalo Bills during their habitual Super Bowl losing to the Dallas Cowboys in the early 90s. "There was so much doubting, so much hate all season," UF forward Joakim Noah said. "Now you can say whatever you want but these champs are in the books, There's no lying in championships." The Gators have become the first team to win consecutive basketball championships since Duke did so in 1991-92 and just the second since UCLA did so in 1972-73. UF is the first team to ever repeat as champions with an identical starting lineup. The Gators are the first program in sports history to hold the football and basketball championships simultaneously and the first to win both during the same academic semester. "This might not happen again for 50 years," said former Ohio State receiver Anthony Gonzalez, who was part of the national championship beatdown three months ago. SEE ATMOSPHERE, PAGE 23 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" E Gators fans gathered in Atlanta and the O'Connell Center to cheer on their team. And after the victory was clinched, many took to University Avenue to celebrate. For an online photo gallery of the festivities, visit www.alligator.org. Al Horford (right) and Joakim Noah didn't dominate Monday night, but they didn't need to. UF's outside shooters came up big to defeat the Buckeyes and make history. See story, pg. 10. FORECAST 2 OPINIONS 6 SPORTS 10 CLASSIFIEDS 14 CROSSWORD 19 Thunder storms 87/60 visit www.alligator.org 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR 0 TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 News Today the independent florida ali gat or VOLUME 100 ISSUE 128 ISSN 0889-2423 WHAT'S HAPPENING European Studies Lecture Anderson Hall, Rm. 216, noon The CenterforEuropeanStudies presents "Distinguished Ladies and Daughters of the Heart; Catholic Women in Spain's Second Republic." Bowling Tournament Reitz Union Game Room, 6 p.m. The Red Cross Gators raises money for Measles Week. Film Festival New Physics Bldg., Rm. 1002, 7:30 p.m. FORECAST TODAY THUNDER STORMS 87/60 WEDNESDAY THUNDER STORMS 86/55 THURSDAY CLOUDY 78/46 The International Business Society hosts its first annual film festival with free food and the film "Street Children of Kinshasa." Opening Celebration Reitz Union Grand Ballroom, 8 p.m. W, d lWash, Dry, Fold ___ _______ FRIDAY u7l, SUNNY 74/46 SATURDAY PARTLY CLOUDY 76/44 The Pride Student Union holds a grand opening for Pride Awareness Month. The Alligator strives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. Iryou ind an error please mu Our niewsroom( at 1352) 376-4458 or send an e-mail to editor@albigator.org-John Bogart City Editor, 1890 M Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Jessica Riffel,jriffel@alIigator.org Managing Editor/ Print Kat Laskowski, klaskowski@alligator.org managing Editor/ New Media Brett Roegiers, broegiers@alligator.org University Editor Chad Smith, csmith@alligator.org Metro Editor Dominick Tao, dtao@alligator.org Enterprise Editor Alejandra Cancino, acancino@alligator.org Freelance Editor Beth Romanik bromanik@alligator.org Opinions Editor Jessica Holland, jholland@alligator.org Sports Editor Nick Zaccardi, nzaccardi@alligator.org Sports Assistant Editor Brian Steele, bsteele@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor Bryan Jones, bjones@alligator.org Editorial Board Jessica Riffel, Kat Laskowski, Jessica Holland, Tom Durrenberger, Leigh Shapiro, Jonathan Tietz Photo Editors Luanne Dietz, ldietz@alligator.org Jeremiah Wilson, jwilson@alligator.org the Avenue Editor Cristina Barone, cbarone@alligator.org Art Director A.S. Williams Graphics Chief Jennifer LaBrie Graphics Staff Kim Wilmath Copy Desk Chiefs Adam Berry, Jaci Charney-Perez, Jennifer Klee, Jenn Pfaff Copy Editors Spencer Davis VanNess, Joe Hunter, Chantalle Johnson, Hilary Lehman, Collin McLeod, Jessica McHugh, Aimee Sachs, Shanni Scherer, Jennifer Shepard, Christa Wagers, Heather Waters, Jake VanSchoick Staff Louis Anastasis, Antonio Gonzalez, Drew Harwell, Jenna Marina, Ales Tiegen, Dan Treat New Media Assistant Editor Jeremy McMullin New Media Staff Kaela Hill Ombudsman Mike Jayne, mjayne@alligator.org DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482, 800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Marianne Cooper, .mcooper@alligator.org Office Assistant Sarah Buckwald, Sara Henry Intern Coordinator Sara Henry Sales Representatives Mirian Bobadilla, Shannon Hagen, Morgan Morillo, Katie Gaidouk, Jonah Wurzer-Kinsler, Elaine Dyjak, Anjalee Khemlani, Lauren Solomon, Kaitlyn Hastings CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015 (Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks Lilly Tudela, Dan Cribb, Samantha Wright, Cassia Sookhoo CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckearnan@alligator.org Operations Assistant Chris Kovachev BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-316-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Pelham, rpelham@alligator.org Accounts Receivable Supervisor Sharin Sexton ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Manager Jovanna Bell, Rocio S Johnson, Jessica Mendoza Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, lmcgowan@alligator.org President Emeritus C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org PRODUCTION/SYSTEMS Production/Systems Manager Vern Bean, vbean@alligator.org Assistant Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator.org Advertising Production Staff Kelly Skinner, Henry Thompson Jr, Katherine Eastman, Ronald Monahan Editorial Production Supervisor Kate Mullan, kmullan@alligator.org Editorial Production Staff Billy Bender, Kristin Bjlrnsen, Prissy Crapps, James Hibbs The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc., P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W. University Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for holidays. Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. @ Copyright 2005. All rights reserved. No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc. &Ht w YOuR SUPP ORT A DVERTISE IN THE COMMEMORATIVE -ffl L the indep ednt finn da aligtor VOU0 0 UM MONDAY, MARCH 26.2007 ARCH TO ATLANTA alumnus UF struggles to get more minority faculty 0D 12 Tada PLJBLISHED FRIDAY, APRIL 6, 207 DEADLINE WE1DNE8EDAY, APRIL 4, 200l7 

PAGE 3

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 N ALLIGATOR, 3 NATIONAL Candidates use MySpace By LYDIA FERNANDEZ Alligator Contributing Writer Presidential candidate Chris Dodd is trying to gain an edge on his campaign by adding his "Dodd Pod" to his MySpace profile. Users can click on a banner on his profile to view and recommend songs for his iPod playlist. Other contenders have made their own pages on the social networking Web site as a part of its new hnpact Channel. MySpace introduced the channel, devoted to politics and focused on the 2008 presidential election, on March 18. It contains a collection of links to voter registration Web sites, as well as to the personal MySpace pages of presidential candidates. Eleven other contenders -Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden, John Edwards, John McCain, Dennis Kucinich, Ron Paul, Mitt Romney, Barack Obama, Rudy Giuliani, Bill Richardson and Duncan Hunter ---have their own MySpace campaigns. Diana T. Cohen, a UF political science doctoral student, said contenders are promoting themselves on the Web site because it is inexpensive and their fellow candidates are doing it, too. "Campaigns try to get an edge in any way possible, and although unproven, this may serve as a unique way for candidates to reach out to the wired younger generation," she wrote in an e-mail. MySpacers can also add candidates to their friends list. As of Monday evening, Clinton had 7,478 friends on her official profile and more than 33,000 on her unofficial one. Obama, however, currently leads the MySpace race, with 89,085 friends on his profile as of Monday evening. "Since MySpace browsers have to seek out candidate profiles, it's tough to imagine that finding political information would be on the minds of a great number of MySpace users." Diana T. Cohen UF political science doctoral student Although users are adding candidates as friends, Cohen doesn't think the new MySpace section will drive many to vote. The Web site has the potential to help younger members learn about politics, but it probably only reaches those who already have an interest in the race, she said. "Since MySpace browsers have to seek out candidate profiles, it's tough to imagine that finding political information would be on the minds of a great number of MySpace users," Cohen said. Pride month bounces into action with fair By MARIANNE LIJEWSKI Alligator Contributing Writer The gay community and its allies showed their spirit during Monday's Pride Awareness Carnival on the North Lawn. The carnival, which featured an inflatable obstacle course, a bungee run and a.gladiator-style fighting ring, was the start of Pride Awareness Month festivities. UF's Pride Student Union sponsored the carnival. About 10 to 15 people at a time gathered between classes and enjoyed sandwiches, pizza, cake and fruit punch. Eunic Ortiz, the executive director of the Pride Student Union, started planning for the month's festivities in January with a committee. "I think it's a great way for people who feel that maybe they are questioning their sexual orientation," Ortiz On said. Campus At more than 150 members, UF's chapter is the largest university-funded pride organization in Florida, said PSU President Adelle Fontanet. "The fact that we have a pride (organization) at our university and we have such a big one -it really shows how open-minded our campus has become," she said. UAMb9Mt Illd PD ds 'I '~ '~ --' ~ 2'Looking p-friend th family ca fi IIIIdLJe Spike Hwed: Florida Call Brown Dog 352,26 7 for a B whole n love? L6870 today! rsceening.o Thursday, April 5,2007 11:00 a.m.1:00 p.m.OKeyword: gas 4 Talk it h a h eat care professional 40 DrAwing for.free back massage: SP za: provided byP Sponsored by: Student Mental Health Services/ GatorWell Health Promotion Services at the University of Florida Student Health Care Center 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR R TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 UF FOOTBALL Ticket lottery starts Wed. By JOEY CHINDAMO and LAUREN YONTEF Alligator Writers Now that basketball season's over, all eyes are back on UP's other defending national champion -the football team. The student ticket lottery for the 2007 football season will start Wednesday at 6 p.m. and run through April 13, according to the GatorZone Web site. Student season tickets will cost $70, or $10 for each home game -the same price as last season. Students must prepay for the season tickets, but if they aren't selected in the lottery, they'll receive a full refund, according to the Web site. Though more students may be interested in seeing the Gators defend their gridiron title, there won't be an increase in the number of student tickets available. "Gator athletics are at a high right now," said Mark Gajda, the UP Student Ticket Office manager. "Students are excited to go to our events, and we are naturally going to see an increase in enthusiasm and game attendance." Gajda said students get 21,500 of the 88,548 available seats in Ben Hill Griffin Stadium. The office expects about 30,000 students to enter the lottery, he said, and the students with the most credit hours will have the best chance at getting tickets. "There's absolutely nothing like being at a football game in the Swamp." Matt DeLoatche UFjunior Matt DeLoatche, a UF architecture junior, said he plans to enter the lottery and doesn't think the recent success of the basketball team overshadows the football team's. "If anything, it'll make people have higher expectations of the football team, since historically, Florida's been a football school," he said' "But that seems to be changing." The upcoming season will be the last for DeLoatche as an undergraduate, but he hopes he'll be able to come to football games as an alumnus. "I would still love to be able to go to the games," he said. "There's absolutely nothing like being at a football game in the Swamp." New club helps kids with. c-left palates, lips By MORGAN EPSTEIN Alligator Contributing Writer It happens in one out of every 700 births. Cleft lip or palate, congenital facial deformities, can make it difficult for children to speak or eat. A new group on campus is trying to help those children. Gator Smiles is a club that raises money for Love Without Boundaries, a national organization that provides health care to orphaned children in China with facial deformities. The national group assigns UF's club children to sponsor: "Depending on the medical issue, we raise anywhere from $400 to $550," said UP junior Stephanie Uhazie, the group's president. "This covers the costs of the actual surgery." The first of their two largest fundraisers this semester is a concert tonight at the Shamrock Irish Restaurant & Pub at 9 p.m. "The vendor and all the bands were free, so we're making 100 percent profit from the $5 cover," Uhazie said. Student Through a number Activism of smaller fundraisers, Gator Smiles has already collected about $1,260. They hope to raise enough money this semester to provide 10 children with the surgeries they need, Uhazie said. "For us, it's grown into a passion," said UF sophomore Alyce Anderson, vice president of the group. "We're an organization that does something for the greater good." GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERSMaeteB trMo 25% OFF any one GNC Product Cannot be combined Need opon. 3914 waSW ArchPIer~e~, Rd rVifith Our Better 051 Speocis '3762 SEp 6/011074 .Convenience Deal. BUYOR -LL Lube Inc. Youft SCOOTER BuSy a new Scooter SBuy ed Scooter BSuy a certified Scooter -nSail your Scaatea ALL ON T-15% off $ A WEI E Free Pick up Sevice *buymyscooter.com -First 20 miles free 14880 NW Highway 441 Scooter Service -Minutes from UF Alachua, FL 32615 Visit www.NS4Lcom 352-336-1271 -Open 7 days a week 386-418-8026 Charity Basketball Tournament Featuring Nick Collins of the Green Bay Packers April 14th @ 7am -until Cross City, Florida $275 Team Entry Fee $2000 Prize Jackpot Registration Deadline: April 6th T FOR L F JEWELRY CANDLES +FINE GIFrS EUROPEAN SOAPS -STICKS FURNITURE present this coupon for 100/ off* your entire purchase www.paddiwhack com PLAZA ROYALE GAINESVILLE 3482 NEW5ERRY RD (behind Starbuck's) (352) 336-3170 *Cannot be combined with any other offer expiration May 8, 2007 Last chance to prepare for the June LSAT! Classes starting this week at Reitz Union Center: LSGF7004: April 3 -June 2, Tuesdays and Saturdays LSGF7003: April 4 -June 4, Mondays and Wednesdays Classes starting next week at 2nd Ave. Center: LSGA7004: April 9 -May 30, Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays LSGA7005: April 10 -May 31, Tuesdays and Thursdays Limited Seating Available. Reitz Union Center: 377-8050 2nd Ave. Center: 377-0014 Higher LSAT score guaranteed or your money back: Don't wait! call or visit us online today to enroll in complete LSAT prep. 1-800-KAP-TEST I kaptest.com/lsat 

PAGE 5

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 M ALLIGATOR, 5 Fans rush University Avenue -THE STREET WAS CLOSED TO TRAFFIC. Alligator Staff Report As day turned into night, petite girls hoisting 24-packs of Bud Light with -both arms marched along streets cleared of traffic. Police officers sipping sodas huddled on street corners like grade-school boys at a dance. At The Swamp Restaurant's outdoor patio, sweat-beaded waitresses jotted down orders of hot wings and hamburgers as fans in tight blue T-shirts and short orange skirts double-fisted Coronas and screamed at the restaurant's bigscreen TVs. Gators goals were met with cheers, beers and index fingers. Buckeye's goals were met with boos, booze and middle fingers. Each Ohio State University point was an obstacle to the partying. When the cable on one of the big screens wobbled and shook, the mob's screeches seemed to repair it. The thousands of Gators -fans packed into the standing-roomonly bars along University Avenue -and the scores more tailgating in the nearby student neighborhoods -were primed and ready to go. When the clock struck 31 minutes 'til midnight on Monday, Gainesville turned into Titletown for the third time in a year, At about the same time, the masses of Gators fans launched and exploded. Fireworks cracked in the skies and launched from near the steps of Anderson Hall on campus as the spotlight of a helicopter swept over the riotous Gainesville streets. Nude men streaked between the sound of shrieks, honks and bongo beats. Another man, wearing a black thong, posed with a throng of jumping women. Fewer than 10 minutes after the end of the game, two fires erupted at the epicenter of the crowd at 17th Street and West University Avenue. Like moths to the zapper, beerslick revelers, Spotlight on the by the dozens, sp amp rushed toward the dual blazes. So did more than 10 police officers, who formed a ring around the fires and used their hands to push away the advancing crowd. The kindling for the fires, a barstool cushion and a cardboard trash bin, were soon. extinguished and reduced to ash -except for a can of Natural Light and a smattering of glass shards that were in the bin. The smoke, smelling of torched vinyl and smoldering plastic, was left to mingle with the wafting cigar smoke. For the people who were separated from their friends in the wet knot of bodies at the celebration's epicenter, it was not difficult for GAME DAY Gators group in O'Dome to cheer on second win By ALEX TIEGEN Alligator Staff Writer atiegen@alligator.org After hours of waiting outside the O'Connell Center in the hot April sun with orange and blue body paint on his chest 'and arms, UF freshman Greg Burr was ready to watch the Gators men's basketball team bring home another championship title. "I've sweated more in the last five hours than I have in the past month," he said. Burr and the 11,221 students and Gators fans who joined him at the center did not wait in vain. The Gators men's basketball team beat the Ohio State University Buckeyes, 84-75. Students and supporters cheered as they watched the game on the jumbo TV screens in all four comers of the arena. Burr and a group of friends said they were the first students to claim spots outside the center at 9 a.m. By 5:30 p.m. they had developed a nasty sunburn, and more than 200 eager fans had lined up behind them. Former UF quarterback Chris Leak also got in on the madness. His surprise appearance at halftime drew a two-minute ovation. Luanne Dietz / Alligator Staff UF students and fans gather at the O'Connell Center on Monday night to support the men's basketball team as they play Ohio State University for the national championship in Atlanta. In line, fans played cards on the ground and cheered as they waited for the doors to open. While they waited for the game to begin, the basketball court echoed with the thunder of stomping students, the swish of waving streamers and the crack of the Gator Chomp. Students dad in orange and blue shirts and jerseys and white "Billy-Ball" T-shirts waved "Go Gators" signs and held a banner reading "Ohio State = Gator Bait." As players stormed the court in Atlanta, the Gainesville audience cheered the Gators and booed the Buckeyes. Though the Buckeyes started with a small lead, the Gators soon dominated. Early in the game, UF forward Corey Brewer was elbowed and fell to the court in agony. But when Brewer returned to his feet, the crowd exploded with a deafening cheer. "This has been the best end to the best year ever. Two championships in a row -it's amazing." Lolade Agboola UF freshman In the second half, loud applause came from the crowd when Buckeyes center Greg Oden attempted -but failed -to block UF center Al Horford. With the victory, UF became the first team to repeat as basketball national champions since Duke University did it in the early '90s. After the game, the crowd rushed out of the arena chanting, "It's great to be a Florida Gator." UF freshman Lolade Agboola said, "This has been the best end to the best year ever. Two championships in a row -it's amazing." Charles Roop / Alligator A Gators fan on University Avenue, painted to support his team, celebrates the Gators' win over Ohio State University. them to find new ones. Everybody was good for a highfive or a hug. Even the police held out their arms to lay some skin on the running, skipping and stumbling crowds rushing both east and west on University Avenue. After the football championship in January, revelers tore down a large tree at the intersection of 17th Street and West University Avenue. -Though there was no toppled tree this time, the throngs ripped shrubs from the dirt where the tree once stood and hurled them into the throbbing vortex of ecstatic Gators fans. Hours earlier, the street was not the same. Students dodged traffic on University Avenue as they hurried to class. The nearby student ghetto, usually a sweaty, drunken place on game days, was just sweaty that afternoon. The chomping, yelling and beerspraying there had not yet begun. "We thought of doing that, but we didn't want to get arrested for drinking outside or anything," said UF graduate Robert Pickett, 24. But the bars and restaurants on the avenue were a different story -there the party churned on indoors. Pickett said he and his friend, 21-year-old UF senior Brian Barry, camped outside Gator City to have first dibs on a table. 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR E TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 A sports nation .with an academic problem W knew we would have hangovers today regardless of the outcome of last night's game, and we're willing to bet that a lot of our readers do. So we'll keep it light today. When UF President Bernie Machen spent big money thinking of his new motto, the highly acclaimed, widely adored "The University of Florida: The Foundation for the Gator Nation," we didn't think much of it. Yeah, it sounds a little ridiculous -and just a tad imperialistic -but we're sure Bernie meant no harm. And then came that gem of cinematography, the infamous "Go Gators" commercial. You know, the businessman tells the doctor to go cure cancer, and she tells the little girl to go to Mars, and she says "Go Gators!" even though she's sitting in the Shands waiting room. At least she has a good attitude about her terminal bone disease. Of course, when people say "Go Gators," most people think of our sports teams. Our football team has been high-profile and successful for years and has a loyal contingent of fans. And recently our basketball team has joined them. Add to that the thriving gymnastics, tennis, baseball and swimnting teams -to name just, a few -and UF holds its share of championships. But none of this is thanks to Bernie. Since he became president in fall 2003, he's pushed to get UF a spot on the list of top10 public research universities. However, he's hit several roadblocks: the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences budget deficit debacle and the Florida Legislature's prevention of any tuition increases. He could even blame the particularly bad hurricane season of fall 2004. And if State Senate and House bills regarding the "Academic Enhancement Program" don't pass, Bernie might blame the rashness of the Faculty Senate for denying former Gov. Jeb Bush an honorary degree. Even Gator Growl just announced its theme for next year is "Nation of Champions," saying it will highlight UF's successes on and off the field. Well, kinda. Gator Growl is a pep rally held the night before the homecoming football game. What are the people who attend focusing on? Chemistry and calculus? Or kicking some ass the next day? Seems like UF just can't shed its reputation of a sports school with a drinking -ahem, academic -problem. And of course, thousands of students hoped that classes would be cancelled today, so they could stay up partying until the wee hours of the morning and not get in trouble for missing that 7:25 a.m. lab. But Bernie shows his commitment to academic excellence by steadfastly refusing to cancel classes after championship games. But this isn't Bernie's fault. When he accepted the position as president, how could he have known that UF would dominate the NCAA arena, making the Gators and UF a household name around the country? And thousands of Gator hopefuls apply to UF because of our recent championships. But UF is still admitting the same number of new students. Sure, better students are coming to UF -we just hope it's not for the wrong reasons. Unfortunately, we all still need to balance our time spent studying with our time spent celebrating. Wait, what are we saying? We don't need an excuse to drink on a weeknight. All these sports just make us feel less guilty about it. So thank you, basketball team, for giving 48,000 students a reason to party it up. the independcnt florida alligator Jessica Riffel EDITOR Kat Laskowski MANAGING EDITOR Jessica Holland OPINIONS EDITOR Tom Durrenberger Leigh Shapiro Jonathan Tietz EDITORIAL BOARD The Alligator encourages comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 uotds about one lett-sied page). They mumt be typed, dooble-spaced and must include the author's same, classification and phone number. Names mill be withheld it the wrniter shows toot cause. Wn teserve the right to edit ton length. gtammat, style and libel, heed letters to ltters alligaor.or brong them to 1105 W. University hoe., ar send them to Pd. Box 14257. Gainesrille, FL 32w60m-2257.Columns ot about 50 words about original topics and editorial cartoons ane also welcome. Questions? Gall 376-4458. pin $S ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/opinions courcne Touch-screen voting machines m-ust go ith the end of the semester finally approaching, it's becoming increasingly difficult for me to be cynical. So I must point out how Gov. Charlie Crist has proven himself to be an agreeable, trustworthy Republican when I thought they didn't exist anymore. Crist has been pushing to have the touch-screen voting machines in 15 Florida counties replaced with optical scanning voting machines. Jokes about Florida's Election Day issues aside, Crist has showed that he actually cares about the democratic process -unlike most of his Republican peers. The optical voting machines scan paper ballots and record votes. They leave a paper trail, unlike touch-screen machines, which record the votes electronically. Those counties in Florida and around the country acquired touch-screen voting machines despite public outrage about the lack of accountability and the fact that they leave no paper trail. These election officials displayed a profound disregard for democracy. It should have been obvious to election supervisors that spending millions on maclines that don't leave a paper trail wouldn't solve the problems from the 2000 elections. It seems like it was part of a larger conspiracy by the Bush team to ensure victories for Republican candidates. Diebold is the company that makes these touch-screen machines, and according to The Nation magazine, chief executive officer Walden O'Dell-is a major contributor to George W. Bush and other Republican candidates. Coincidence? The machines had numerous problems when they were first introduced. They posed the possibilities of voter fraud or error and of machine malfunctions. It's possible that certain votes were discarded altogether. Four of the 15 counties that have adopted touch-screen machines in Florida include Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach and Hillsborough. These four counties are home to 54 percent of the state's voters. You would think the elections supervisors and county officials would have had Anuradha Pandey letters@alligator.org enough sense to fend off the lobbyists who convinced them to opt for touch-screen machines instead of optical scanners. But, of course, the supervisors sat back in a slothlike manner and let their respective counties spend millions. Here's the kicker: The optical scanning machines were cheaper. The whole affair screams election fraud h la Katherine Harris. State House Speaker Marco Rubio, a Republican, disagrees because he doesn't think the state should spend $30 million to replace the touch-screen machines because the counties chose then on their own accord. Granted, the county officials in question were morons, but the state shouldn't wash its hands of the problem. Apparently the cost of legitimate elections is too high for Rubio, but I wasn't aware that any price is too high for democracy. Hundreds of thousands of voters in Florida have lost faith in the election process due to the stolen 2000 elections. The state Senate has backed Crist's plan, and many influential Republicans have gotten behind it. But the House has remained silent on the issue, saying that $30 million would be spent unnecessarily in a tight budget year. Meanwhile, Crist has shown himself to be above partisan quibbling by attempting to restore our faith in the electoral process. The move by Crist to have the touch-screen machines replaced is one of many that makes it increasingly difficult to dislike him because of his party affiliation -he's actually successfully narrowed the chasm between the two parties. Hopefully, Florida voters will regain some confidence about their voices being heard. Anuradha Pandey is a history junior. Her column appears on Tuesday. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: Should Florida eliminate touch-screen voting machines? Monday's question: Should students receive discounted birth control drugs from SHCC? Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org 68% YES 32% NO 60 TOTAL VOTES 

PAGE 7

Good sportsmanship discourages booing I am troubled about the recent trend toward booing our opponents -and even our own players -during sporting events. I was embarrassed when boos from Florida fans were broadcast around the world in the Final Four telecasts this weekend. Back in my day, booing was reserved for heinous calls by referees or nasty behavior by opponents. In high school I was taught that good sportsmanship prohibited demeaning our opponents. We honored the efforts made by all participants. Respect for opposing teams, their coaches and the officials reflected respect for ourselves. We were not obliged to admire opponents or agree with officials but to react with class and dignity. Surely we have reasons to be proud. We have a stellar academic institution with -well, is there a more distinguished sports program? We do not need to boo like poor losers. Let's add honorable, sportsmanlike behavior to UF's principles. Then in our pride for our athletes and fellow Gators fans we can proclaim without embarrassment that it's great to be a Florida Gator! Janie Gilbert UFalumna Ethnic diversity is important for UF To quote Vince Vaughn in the movie "Wedding Crashers," Patrick Barrett's column on Monday was "Erroneous! Erroneous on both counts!" No. 1: The definition of racism is the belief that race accounts for differences in human character or ability and that a particular race is superior to others. The definition of racism is not, as Mr. Barrett said, "when you do something solely because of someone's race." Therefore, if UF recruits minorities more than whites, it might be an attempt to diversify our school, but it is not racist. No. 2: Ethnic diversity is never irrelevant. UF President Bernie Machen said great universities require diversity. And Debra Walker King, the associate provost of faculty development, said that diversity is for the sake of excellence. These ideas are not new. All of Barrett's columns about race have been followed by letters refuting his ludicrous statements and ignorant opinions. It's time he found a topic he can actually handle. Kelly Moosbrugger 3BA U EUo UF's diversity push doesn't make it racist I have_ a couple of thoughts on the diversity debate that has been featured in recent Alligator editions. Webster's Online Dictionary lists two definitions for "racism": (1) "The prejudice that members of one race are intrinsically superior to members of other races," and (2) "Discriminatory or abusive behavior towards members of another race." According to those definitions, looking to increase cultural diversity on UF's campus by recruiting minority faculty and staff is not racist. What can be considered racist is the ideology presented in letters to the editor arguing that hiring minority faculty is equivalent to hiring inferior or subpar faculty. Why is it that minorities are associated with a lower level of performance compared to their majority counterparts? It is ideas such as these that make UF an unwelcoming and hostile environment for minorities. People fail to understand that actively recruiting qualified minority faculty does not imply someone will receive a job solely due to the color of his or her skin. If UF did an adequate job of ensuring that all of its faculty, staff and students were treated equally, fairly and respectfully, the need to increase cultural diversity would not exist TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 0 ALLIGATOR, 7 because the numbers of minorities on campus would not be so paltry. Alyssa Brown 4AG SG should keep out of partisan politics As a recent UP graduate, I want to express my extreme disappointment at a recent action of Student Government. On March 28, SG paid for an ad in the Alligator expressing student support for Israel. I am appalled that SG believed this overt political statement to be an appropriate use of student funds. SG has no mandate to express opinions on global politics. According to its Web site, SG is "committed to tirelessly advocating on behalf of the student body, enhancing the entire student experience and promoting the image of the university and its students by upholding ourselves to the highest standards." There is no reasonable explanation for SG's involvement with any partisan political student group, and I am dismayed at its decision to use student funds for this purpose. I expected better from my alma mater. Laurel Nesbit UF alumna Glass wall divides Alligator's news, advertising departments S andwiched between the spam e-mails we received last week for everything etween English bulldog puppies and penile enhancement devices were several angry letters about an ad the Alligator ran Wednesday. Paid for by Jewish Awareness Month and approved by Student Government, the fullpage spread was a signed petition supporting the state of Israel and "the rights of individuals to live in recognized borders." Many in the UF community were surprised and upset the Alligator would run such a politically charged ad. So were many on the news staff, who discovered it the same time you did -when they opened the paper and read it. That's because the newsroom has no idea what the advertising department plans to run on any given day This is done on purpose so that money doesn't ,yogagainesvil 4m I talk through the news., There is a "glass wall" between the news and advertising departments at the Alligator, as with any credible newspaper. It's as important to journalists as the separation of church and state is to the U.S. government.Think of the ethical issues that would arise if advertising clients started asking for stories about them in retum for their business. Imagine reporters giving advertisers discounts in exchange for news tips. It's a slippery slope, and any dabbling in such dealings would destroy a publication's credibility. At the Alligator, such separation entails a strict code of conduct for the staff of both departments. They can't talk about each other's content or work. They have clear office boundaries and keep different hours. The advertising folks end their day when the news staff straggles in at about 5 p.m: We do share People like you Donate Plas Mike Jayne mjayne@alligator.org a copier, and when waiting for our turn, it's more awkward than elevator silence. I crossed that divide on Monday in order to talk to the advertising staff. They wouldn't disclose how much the ad cost due to client confidentiality. But because they charge by the column inch and say they rarely deviate from set rates, I could do the math. The ad cost anywhere between about $1,420 and $1,660, depending on the client's contract rate. Advertising accounts for between 50 percent and 60 percent of most papers' daily space, and the Alligator is no exception. It rarely turns down an ad and doesn't follow set (Classic Carwash a F allDaing-WndTmting ;ma. guidelines. Instead, it evaluates on a case-bycase basis. Each ad goes through three pairs of eyes before getting the green light. It has run ads for tobacco, alcohol and porn, so it's not surprising it ran a political petition. Most rejected ads are racy illustrations of scantily clad women who are too bare to appear in print. Every now and then a client will try to run an ad that looks like a news article. These "advertorials" always have "paid advertisement" printed at the top to distinguish them from the news and opinion sections. So, since I work with the news staff, I can't get you an advertising discount or help much if an ad gets under your skin. As for the news, it's not for sale. Good journalism can't be bought. Mike Jayne is a journalism senior and the Alligator's ombudsman. His column appears as needed. New and Used Books Gifts, Cards, and Accessories Booll callerguj a Gainesville Legend est Wholllpper Publiushoppng Center we buy bunts NW I th BluL6 NW435t. 371-1234 "/our /idden retreat" 1.8 Miles from Campus Condo Community s tarting at $111900 1810 NW 23rd Blvd 352.374.2003 CreeksEdgeCondos com Special $10 Offer: n wd New Donors -Bring this ad What, now you want great deli for $5 extra on 2nd 84th real late? COME TO JEFFS DELII! donation (7,O N lat W ld"at -_ _,,,,,,(univ.Liocao o nsrlu) 7ATE You're Skin and tiones -Broaktast*-SauIwicbcs -Dsssert ng. h~i8OaR ~Oi~n FIND 11 fgt Or -E Occupation: DCI Center Manager Hobbies: gardening, aerobics, laying on the beach. Why Donate Plasma: "For the kids" you never know when a little one will need it. Find your calli Alligator Classif ieds. [3521,373. 150 NW 6th St. C PotMIPj~jdToHE ITA LIAN SA dark Russian fairy tale, S7 & 9pm 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR U TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 Luanne Dietz/ Alligator Staff LEFT: Chowdhury Ibrahim and his 5-year-old brother, Jay, enjoy the festivities at the O'Connell Center on Monday night during the national championship basketball game against Ohio State University in Atlanta. ABOVE: (Left to Right) Megan McGill, Michelle Leitner, Ashlie Taylor, and Zac Bielling hold up letters spelling "Noah" at the O'Connell Center. LEFT: Gators fans swarm University Avenue early Tuesday morning after the Gators' win. The street was shut down for fans, who cheered, waved flags and set off fireworks. LEFT: A group of Gators fans dance and cheer at the O'Connell Center after the teams sank a shot. RIGHT: A young woman hangs from a traffic light on the corner of University Avenue and Buckman Drive after the Gators' victory. 

PAGE 9

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 U ALLIGATOR, 9 Gators big men draw more whistles than OSU's Oden By JENNA MARINA Alligator Staff Writer jrarina@aIIigator.org ATLANTA -When Ohio State's Greg Oden said he felt he was being called for fouls more frequently during Saturday's press conferences, his opinion must have been heard. The Buckeyes big man has run into foul trouble all tournament-in the last four games, Oden has committed four fouls in three of the contests and fouled out once. On Monday night, howI H. -W ever, it was UF's big men who seemed to be getting the' most whistles. Both Joakim Noah and Chris Richard were called for two fouls and ended up sitting prematurely. When Richard picked up his second foul, freshman Marreese Speights was called upon to sub in, but even he managed to earn a foul in 2 minutes of play. DeJA VU: Today is the anniversary of UP's 89-76 loss to Michigan State in the 1999-2000 season's title game. It was the Gators' first appearance in the national championship game. Six years later, the Gators played on April 3 again in the title game, this time emerging victorious against UCLA to earn the program's first national championship. The Gators may have played one day early this year, but they still made history in Monday's win. UF is the first team to return all five starters to a national championship game and the only school this decade to reach multiple national title games. "It's priceless," Noah said. HOME SWEET HOME: The Georgia Dome may be more than 335 miles away from the comfy confines of the O'Connell Center, but the Gators may consider calling it their home away from home. Before Monday night's game, UF had won seven straight games at the Georgia Dome, including its dominating march through their three games of this year's Southeastern Conference Tournament. WELCOME BACK: Unlike last season, UF fans can greet the Gators basketball team at the Gainesville Regional Airport today when it arrives home from the championship game. After UF's championship win last year, fans were encouraged to meet the team at the Gainesville Raceway. This year, however, fans will be allowed to enter the parking area within the airport confines at 11:30 a.m. The charter flight carrying the team is expected to arrive at 1 p.m. Editor's note: Beginning with the SEC seaIson, the alligatorSports staff has voted on the top three UF basketball performances of the week each Monday. The No. 1 player received 5 points, No, 2 player 3 points, and No. 3 player 1 point. At the end of the season, the player with the most combined points will earn the title of alligatorSports Player of the Year. Brian Steele and Jennifer LaBrie / Alligator Staff VISITORS: BUCKEYES (35-4) NAME POS Harris F Oden C Conley G Lewis G Butler G Lighty G-F Cook G Terwilliger F-C 0. Hunter F MIN 26 38 34 34 36 13 9 5 FG-FGA 2-8 10-15 7-13 6-13 1-7 2-3 1-2 1-1 0-2 TOTAL FG% 46.9% 3-Pt. FG% 17.4% F Throw % 64.7% TECHNICAL FOULS: OHIO STATE -none UF -none 3-PT FG-FGA 2-8 0-0 1-3 0-4 16 0-1 0-1 0-0 0-0 FT-FTA 1-2 5-8 5-6 0-1 0-0 0-0 0-0 0-0 OF 5 12 3 3 2 0 0 0 2 DE 0 1 6 0 1 0 0 SCORE BY PERIODS: OHIO STATE UF TOT 5 13 9 3 3 1 2, PF 2 4 3 3 4 2 A 0 1 6 0 1 0 0 1st 29 40 TO 0 2 2 0 10 0 1 BLK S 0 1. 4 1 0 4 0 1 0Q 2 0 1 0f 1 0 0 0 0 2nd 46 44 TP 7 25 20 12 3. 4 2 2 *0 NAME POS Brewer F Noah F-C Horford F-C Green G Humphrey G Hodge G Richard F-C Speights F-C TOTAL FG% 3-Pt. FG% F Throw % TOTAL 75 84 MIN 36 21 34 38 34 11 20 6 FG-FGA 4-12, 1-3 6-15 4-6 5-8 2-2 1-5 1-2 3-PT FG-FGA 3-8 0-0 0-0 3-3 4-7 0-0 0-0 0-0 FT-FTA 2-2 6-6 6-8 5-5 0-0 1-1 2-3 0-0 REBOUNDS OF DE TOT PF 8 1 9 2 3 0 3 4 12 3 15 3 3 6 9 0 1 1 2 1 1 0 1 1 8 0 8 5 2 0 2 3 A I 0 3 6 1 0 0 0 TO 1 2 2 6 0 1 3. 0 BLK S 1 3 0 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 49.1% 55.6% 88.0% pPLAYER OF THE GAME: Corey Brewer was 'named the Final Four's Most Outstanding Player, capping off the tournament with 13 points against Ohio State. OHIO STATE 75 N N UF 84 HOME: GATORS (35-5) REBOUNDS TP 13 8 18 16 14 5 8 2 

PAGE 10

Sports TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org Gators clip Buckeyes to make history Tim Casey / Alligator Staff UF junior forward Al Horford scores on a breakaway dunk during the second half of the national championship game on Monday at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta. The Gators defeated Ohio State 84-75. By JENNA MARINA Alligator Staff Writer imarina@ailigator.org ATLANTA -After focusing on living-in the moment, the reality of the past six months rushed at them all at once. After striving to live up to expectations, the Gators proved their worth and solidified their spot in college basketball history. After six months of going against naysayers and unforgiving crowds, the Gators came back, saw and conquered again. The UF men's basketball team (35-5) became the first team to repeat as national champions since Duke in 1992 after downing Ohio State (35-4) 84-75 Monday night in the Georgia Dome. "I sit up here very, very humbled," UF coach Billy Donovan said. "I was fortunate enough to coach a group of guys that has to go down in Men'shistory as one of the greatMen's Basketball est teams of all time. I'm Ohio State 75 so proud and feel very iF 84 blessed." Point guard Taurean Green said 30 years from now, the Gatorswill be described as "the ultimate team," encompassing all the unselfishness and closeness a true team possesses. As for making history -the Gators are still wrapping their heads around the fact. "It's unreal, man," junior Al Horford said. "I'm so proud of our team just handling adversity and staying together." For those close to the Gators family, the backto-back titles came as no surprise. "If you know these guys, this is what you expect," Virginia Commonwealth coach and former UF assistant Anthony Grant said. "This is a special group and it's been this way since they arrived on campus., The Buckeyes were heavy favorites to demolish UF's football team in January's title game, but the Gators smoked Ohio State 41-14. While Buckeyes fans prayed a mighty Gators team would topple in the same manner, the upset never came. After a back-and-forth first half, the Buckeyes went on a 7-1 run to close the gap to 24-22. UF put a quick stop to the comeback after Lee Humphrey, SEE HOOPS, PAGE 23 Brewer takes Final Four MOP honors By ANTONIO GONZALEZ Alligator Staff Writer agonzalez@aIIigator.org ATLANTA -The NBA's millions never stood a chance. There aren't enough dollars in the world to match a championship celebration complete with a confetti shower, baby kisses and joyful tears. Not for Corey Brewer, anyway. The UF forward, who was a projected first-round pick in last year's NBA Draft, passed on a life of luxury -at least for another year -to try and lead his team to back-to-back NCAA Toumament titles. An implausible feat to most, Brewer completed the journey Monday night in UF's 84-75 championship win against Ohio State, collecting 13 points, eight rebounds and three steals. "Playing for championships, that's what it's all about," said Brewer, who was named the Final Four's Most Outstanding Player. "This is the best -feeling in the world, and I wanted it back." Men's When the streams of confetti poured onto the floor of the Georgia Dome, Brewer ran into the Basketball stands for his mother, Glenda, greeting her with a hug and a kiss to go with his championship twine. His father, Ellis, couldn't be in attendance because of health SEE BREWER, PAGE 23 Champs prove doubters wrong ATLANTA rf e Gators made fools of us all. When everyone said, "You can't go back-to-back," these Gators stood on a stage in the O'Connell Center and defied us with two simple words: "We back." How foolish we were then. UF's '04s -Corey Brewer, Joakim Noah, Al Horford and Taurean Green -got the last laugh Monday night, quieting their doubters by repeating as national champions and grabbing a piece of college basketball lore. The Gators became the first team since Duke in 1991-92 to repeat. And the first team to do so with four players refusing a million-plus NBA contract. How could we have been so wrong? It's the times we live in. Money is everything, these days. But the Gators proved the "bling-bling" means nothing. Their million-dollar contracts still wait. Antonio Gonzalez Going Going Gonzo agonzalez@aligator.org The '04s showed us what college basketbali and life are all about -fun, sacrifice, commitment and accomplishments -and in the process set a new standard for excellence. How many will follow suit? Net-cutting ceremonies, parades, not to mention being idolized by every kid with a hoops dream in America is hard to match. The Gators have it, along with the respect of most. "Keep hating," was their motto all season. Last night, those words got a new twist. "Hate us now," Noah said. "Hate us now. They paraded around the Georgia Dome like champs, arrogant and proud, smiling at the college basketball universe. But they can act however they want now; they've earned it. "The one thing I love about winning," Noah said, "is you can't say anything about champions. No matter what you say about them, it has to end with, 'But they won back-to-back championships." In a town where football may always SEE GONZO, PAGE 23 _72000: The UF men's basketball team falls 89-76 to Michigan State in the title game. Udonis Haslem's 27 points weren't enough to overcome a combined 39 from the Spartans backcourt. "Itjust wasn't falling for us. It wasn't our night."Ron Lewis Ohio State guard REThe two-time NCAA champs return to Gainesville today. The team will have a celebration at the O'Connell Center on Friday at 6:30 p.m. MLB Marlins Nationals Devil Rays Yankees 9 2 5 9 

PAGE 11

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 R ALLIGATOR, 11 UF, Florida State head for rematch in Jacksonville EFSU DEFEATED THE GATORS 14-6 ON FEB. 20. By MIKE MCCALL Alligator Writer It's amazing how much has changed in six weeks. On Feb. 20, the UF baseball team was crushed by Florida State, a 14-6 loss that kept it hovering around .500 for the next month. Now, after winning seven straight and sweeping their last two Southeastern Conference series, the Gators (1813, 7-2 SEC) will look for redemption when they take on the No. 2 Seminoles tonight at the Baseball Grounds of Jacksonville. The stadium -home to the Double-A Jacksonville Suns -seats 11,000 and will offer ample room for fans of both teams. So far, 8,000 tickets have been sold, makUF senior Matt LaPorta will lead the Gators into tonight's game against Florida State in Jacksonville. Six weeks ago, the Seminoles blew out the Gators, but UF has gotten hot of late with seven straight wins. UF GYMNASTICS Gators head to Michigan for NCAA Regional meet By RACHEL ROBINS Alligator Writer rrobins@alligator.org The NCAA announced the topranked UF gymnastics team will travel to Ann Arbor, Mich., for the Northeast Region Championships, which take place on April 14. UF will compete alongside No. 12 Michigan, No. 13 Arkansas, Pittsburgh, New Hampshire and Rutgers for the regional title. Just two days after winning the Southeastern Conference championship, UF (21-0-1, 5-0-1 SEC) was brought back down to reality Monday "We definitely made some mistakes," UF coach Rhonda Faehn said. "What was so wonderful to see is that this team just competed with such maturity and such confidence and energy that they didn't let any of it affect them." Last ysar, UF won the NCAA South Central Reg on Championships, held in Fayetteville, Ark. In 2005, the Gators captured the Southeast regional title in Gainesville. There are six regional venues. Only 12 teams qualify for the NCAA Championships, held in Salt Lake City, starting April 26. UF needs to finish in first or second place to move on to the finals. UF has been a common fixture at the NCAA Championships, only missing them in 2000. GATORS GRACE ALL-SEC TEAM: Four gymnasts made the All-SEC team, announced after the Gators earned the crown Saturday night. Junior Ashley Reed, who tied for third in the all-around competition, earned first-team honors. Freshman Amanda Castillo, who also won SEC Freshman of the Year, was named to the first team for her SEC-winning performance on floor exercise and to the second team for uneven bars. Redshirt freshman Melanie Sinclair, who earned two perfect scores on bars .this season, had a less than stellar showing in the event at SECs. Faehn However, her score of 9.9 was enough to put her on the second team for the routine. Sophomore Corey Hartung received SEC second-team honors for her showing in all-around. She earned the same honor last year as well as second-team status for balance beam. Sinclair was selected as UF's representative for the 2007 SEC Gymnastics Good Works Team. She was chosen based on her community service activities. ing the game likely to break the record for attendance of a college baseball game in the state of Florida. The record is currently 8,200. "It's going to be great," UF senior Matt LaPorta said. "There's going to be a lot of Gators fans and a lot of Florida State fans there since it's at a neutral site." In addition to being a rivalry game, the contest will give the Gators another look at a top-notch team before their series with No. 1 South Carolina this weekend. "It's good for our ballclub to play against such highquality competition like they are," LaPorta said. "It'll be great for us heading into the weekend with South Carolina." The matchup will include two of the nation's prominent sluggers -LaPorta and FSU junior Tony Thomas Jr. LaPorta has been named SEC Player of Baseball the Week in consecutive weeks for his performances in sweeps against Auburn and Georgia and also won Louisville Slugger's National Player of the Week for his four home runs against the Bulldogs. Thomas garnered ACC and National Player of the Week honors for his play against North Florida and Duke. For LaPorta, the rivalry and matchup with Thomas aren't important. "It's just another game, just another time for me to go out and have some fun and play baseball," he said. Freshman Clint Franklin (0-1, 7.36 ERA) will make his second collegiate start for the Gators against FSU sophomore Caleb Graham (1-1, 1.90 ERA). The start will be a big test for the freshman, as FSU (292, 8-1 Atlantic Coast Conference) is one of the best hitting teams in the nation. Although it's tough not to get caught up in the hype of the game, LaPorta thinks more in the big picture. "We're always trying to raise the bar with our team because we have a lot of young guys and people playing a lot of positions," he said. "So each game we just focus on getting better and better, and hopefully at the end of the year we'll be in contention." Uzdavines stars in SFCC win By EVAN DREXLER Alligato r Writer Santa Fe third baseman Bobby Uzdavines, who was on the front cover of the team's game program Monday afternoon, made sure not to disappoint. The sophomore had a single, double and triple by the sixth inning, and an eighth-inning fly ball landed approximately 30 feet short of a home run that would have completed his cycle. "I was just seeing the ball well today," Uzdavines said. "If you hit it hard, it will fall sometimes. They were throwing the ball over the plate." Through consistent hitting in eight innings and an excellent day from pitcher Wayne Potts, SFCC defeated Florida Community College at Jacksonville 5-1 for the team's eighth win in a row. The win keeps the Saints (25-10, 9-5 MidFlorida Conference) tied for the lead in the league with Central Florida Community College. Just a few weeks ago, SFCC was in fifth place. "Now we're putting everything together," Potts said, "winning some ball games." SFCC started the scoring early on, netting two runs in the bottom of the second inning. Left fielder Kyle Cushenbery led off the inning with the team's first of three triples on the day. Shortstop Andrew Migetz grounded out next, but the hit brought Cushenbery home. Center fielder Eugene Garnett then singled up the middle, stole second base, moved to third on a balk and finally scored on a wild pitch to bring the tally to 2-0. That would prove to be all Potts (3-1, 4.41 ERA) needed. .The starter threw eight innings for SFCC, spreading out seven hits and 'striking out five batters. "I'm a strike thrower." Wayne Potts SFCC pitcher "I just came out throwing strikes," he said. "I'm a strike thrower." Relief pitcher Ricardo Gonzalez came in to pitch the final inning and induced three fly outs to end the game, the last of which was caught by a diving T.J. Sauer, back from a pulled hamstring for the first time in two weeks SFCC has been streaky all year, beginning the season with nine straight wins, putting up a five-game win streak in late February, and now extending the current stretch to eight, as Coach Johnny Wiggs noticed. "Ifs been a good run for us," he said. "We've been a team of streaks. (The team is) more relaxed, and they play with more confidence." 

PAGE 12

12, ADVERTISEMENT, ALLIGATOR U TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 Faculty Senate keeps full agenda This year has been busy for the Senate. In January, the Senate approved a resolution to hire a faculty dispute resolution officer to be a resource and liaison for Danaya Wright faculty who have questions about dispute resolution procedures. President Machen will form a search committee for the position in the near future. Please let me know if you want to serve on the committee. The Senate also supported President Machen's Academic Enhancement Program, which would apply a $500-asemester surcharge on students enrolling at the University of Florida. The funds would be used to hire up to 200 tenure-track faculty and 100 academic advisers and is vital to addressing our high student/faculty ratio. The University Constitution Committee reported on regulation changes. Amendments are proposed to university regulations two or three times annually. Because many of these regulations affect faculty, the Constitution Committee reports to the Senate on these changes. Regulation changes are accessible at www.genralcounsel.ufl.edu and the Senate's report is available at www.senate.ufl.edu. This month, the leave policy regulations were amended to provide for domestic partners, and new language was included to better align military leaves with state and federal laws. The Board of Governors commissioned a report from the Pappas Consulting Group on a plan for higher education in the State University System. The report is available on the Senate Web site and is important reading for anyone interested in the future of UF Don't forget that reports from all colleges on their progress toward shared governance are due to the Senate by April 30. There are still opportunities to participate in university committees. If you are interested, please contact the Senate office. Danaya Wright Faculty Senate Chair Gators as clowns After work, Giggles and Astro play for laughs Mary Bennett's life is all about smiles. Asthe executive secretary to the senior associate dean of the University of Florid's College of Dentistry, she spends her days surrounded by people whose job is to fashion and fix smiles. When she leaves the office, her job is to elicit them. To do so, Bennett dons a red vinyl nose; a big, blue bow; and an even bigger red wig as she transforms herself into a professional clown. Bennett isn't the only Gator who turns clown on occasion. Her clowning co-star is Debra Hunter, a grants specialist in astronomy. Bennett began her double life as "Giggles the Clown" 22 years ago when a boy from her church was hospitalized at Shands. She and a friend visited him, dressed in wild colors with painted smiles on their faces that spread from ear to ear. As they made their way down the hospital halls, parents would poke their heads out of patient rooms and ask them to visit their children, too. Bennett's desire to make people smile in their time of need has continued over the years, but her look has changed dramatically. "We learned that smiles X as big as the ones we were painting were actually pretty scary to little kids," she said with a laugh. She now opts for hearts "Astro" (Debra Hunter) -, takes her clown name from the astronomy department, where she works. Listings in this section are a sampling of events at the University ofFlorida compiled from entries listed in the fil calendar that appears on the Web at calendar. ufl. edu. To submit an event online, send an e-mail to calndar@nersp.osg.ufl.edu with thefollowing information in this order: event date; event name, briefdescription and sponsor; time; location; costs; and contact information to include name, phone number and e-mail Events, dates, times andprograms are subject to change. "Giggles," aka Mary Bennett, got her start as a clown 22 years ago by cheering young patients at Shands. and freckles painted on her cheeks and inchlong, sparkling, red eyelashes. Her costume, too, has evolved into red-and-white polka-dotted petticoats and $250, custommade shoes that turn her size 61/2 feet into foodong monstrosities. A curly, purple wig frames Hunter's painted face. Her skirt is fashioned from the same material as the curtains of her astronomy department office. She added a matching 'vest and bloomers and the galactic ensemble helped inspire her current alias "Astro the Clown." It takes each woman about 90 minutes to create her clown counterpart. Hunter's first gig as a clown came at 16 when she was promoting a furniture sale at her father's store. When her boss at McDonald's saw her in costume handing out balloons, he offered to pay her to come in on Saturdays as a clown for birthday parties. Her clown persona then was "Bobo McDonald." Bennett and Hunter are both members of the Gainesville Sunshine Clowns and April 3 Noon, "Distinguished Ladies and Daughters of the Heart: Catholic Women in Spain's Second Republic," Samuel Pierce, Anderson Hall, Room 216 2 p.m., "Modeling Virus Assembly Avoiding Dynamics," Meera Sitharam, Cancer & Genetics Research Complex, Room C/G 101 April 4 7 p.m., "On Men, Women and the Rest of Us!" by Kate Bornstein, Reitz Student Union, Rion Ballroom April 5 4 p.m., "Should Androgens Be Considered a Rehabilitation Aide?" Marybeth Brown, Florida Gym, Room 35 the World Clown Association. Hunter is also a member of Clowns of America. Bennett has served as the president of the South East Clown Association in 2001, the World Clown Association in 2005, and the Gainesville Sunshine Clowns in 2007. While they recognize that being funny is one of the biggest expectations of a clown, they credit compassion and empathy as the most important qualities for the person behind the nose. "One of the fondest memories of my teenage years was clowning at a Special Olympics event," Hunter said. "Just getting to interact with those loving and happy kids helped shape me into the person I am today." Bennett signs all her autographs with "Love and Laughter," and wears a charm bracelet every day that reminds her why laughter -and smiles -is her mission. "Sometimes all people need is a little help to see the lighter side," Bennett said. "Laughing physically changes people." By Mindy Morris 7:30 p.m., "Does the Bush Administration Care About Diplomacy?" Karen DeYoung, Reitz Student Union, Lecture Hall 282 April 6 4:15 p.m., College of Liberai Arts & Sciences' 2007 Lowdin Lecture and Chemistry Colloquium, Chemistry Lab Building, Room C130 April 9 4:05 p.m., "Efficacy of Folate and Vitamin B6 for Treatment of Depression," Titi Yang, CSE E121 Building University Auditorium April 4 7:30 p.m., Timothy Robinson, alto saxophone recital Produced by the University Relations Office for faculty, staff and students of the University of Florida April 3, 2007 

PAGE 13

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 0 ALLIGATOR, ADVERTISEMENT, 13 Fro~ot ThisIC,1 With only a few minutes left to go in the NCAA regional championship game, two UF students pulled out their secret weapons and brought their group's play to its high point. Jay Jacobs led trumpet player Chris Heffner and the rest of the Florida Basketball Pep Band in a rousing rendition of Paul Simon's "Call Me Al." After the team's win, the band followed with "We Are The Boys of Old Florida." "It was nice to hear it fill the room and bounce off the walls of the stadium," said Jacobs, who is one of two doctoral students in the College of Fine Arts who assist in conducting the pep band. "It is usually played only for football games, but we can add basketball championships to that, too." Three squads of 25 students -both music majors and nonmajors -rotate playing in the pep band for the team at home games. They don't travel to regular season away games, but they do travel to the NCAA contest -the big dance -on the chartered plane with the cheerleaders, dazzlers and basketball team members. The band's job is an established tradition -support UF and its athletic undertakings. Because more people were rooting for National design award in theater student's reach A University of Florida graduate student in the College of Fine Arts will compete for a national title in stage design at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C., later this month. With his design for the performance "Waiting for Godot," Glen Anderson, a master of fine arts in scenic design student in the School of Theatre and Dance, won the Kennedy Center American College Theatre Festival in Region IV competition o Americus, Ga., and will progress to the finals in Washington, D.C., April 15-22. Glen Anderson's design for the performance "Waiting for Godot" has been chosen for a national showcase. April 5 7:30 p.m., Wind Symphony concert April 6 12:50 p.m., School of Music convocation April 7 1 p.m., pipe organ demonstration 2:30 p.m., Laura ElIlis, organ recital 7:30 p.m., Jacare Brazil and Agbedidi Jeliya April9 7:30 p.m., Kenneth Martinson, viola recital Galleries Master of Fine Arts Student Exhibition through April 6, University and Focus galleries "In the House: Domestic Arts from the Horn of The Florida Basketball Pep Band plays for the whole team. the underdog and against the Gators this year, Jacobs said the work was harder. "As the defending champion, you kind of have a big target on your back and it makes your job different," Jacobs said. "The players have a lot to think about, obviously. While they are on the bench, we try to do a little extra work to keep the song in their ears and their spirits up." One song that always gets Gator fans going is "Call Me Al." CBS sportscasters commented on it during the Gators' win This marks the third year in a row the UF scene designer has been chosen for the Kennedy Center competition and national showcase. Anderson will represent the College of Fine Arts and his hometown of Atchison, Kan., at the big event. KCACTF is a national theater program that gives students from colleges and universities across the country the opportunity to showcase their talents in performance, design, playwriting and directing. Air Force ROTC earns high marks Of 144 Air Force ROTC detachments in the U.S., the University of Florida's has been ranked in the top 5 percent. During the Operational Readiness Inspection, performed by the Air Force Ait Education and Training Command Inspector in September, Detachment 150 received outstanding ratings in training, recruiting, personnel actions and education. The detachment received a rating of excellent for financial management and unit support. These six ratings in the areas inspected led to an overall score of outstanding, the highest possible, given to less than 5 percent of detachments nationwide. Africa," through Aug. 24, Grinter Gallery Ham Museum of Art April 5 5 p.m., "New Researches on the Mawangdui Silk Manuscripts," Harn Eminent Scholar lecture by Chen Songchang 6:15 p.m., "Voices from the Tomb: A Legal Cape from the Documents Excavated in the Baoshan Tomb, ca 316 BCE," Harn Eminent Scholar lecture by Chen Wei 7 p.m., "The Art of the Journal," student readings Theater/Dance Through April 7 College of Fine Arts presents "The Man of Mode," over Butler, saying the band played it for Gator forward/center Al Horford. For the six years Chip Birkner played in the pep band as a student in the School of Music, he played the song. Birkner is now the basketball band director. "I'm sure the sportscasters aren't aware that Albert is our mascot," Birkner said. "We are supporting our whole team; and while it is Albert's moment in the spotlight, it is great that it works for Al Horford, too." By Denise Trunk This is the first time in its 65-year history that Detachment 150 has received an overall rating of outstanding on an Operational Readiness Inspection. Lecture features leading conservationist Lawrence A. Selzer, president of The Conservation Fund, will talk on "Forest Conservation in the 21" Century" as part of the John Gray Distinguished Lecture Series set for 10 a.m. May 2 at Gainesville's Paramount Plaza Hotel. Selzer's talk, which is open to the public, is the keynote speech for the 38th spring symposium for the Florida Division of the Society of American Foresters, hosted by UF's School of Forest Resources and Conservation. Selzer's nonprofit organization, which has helped preserve more than 5 million acres since 1985, works to help protect land and water resources, including wildlife habitat, rivers and wetlands, forests and historic sites. The lecture series began in 1994 to honor Gray, director of the UF forestry school from 1964 until 1977. For more information on the symposium, visit the Web at www.flsaf.org.Constans Theatre, 8 p.m., April 3-6; 2 p.m., April 7 Phillips Center April 7 7 p.m., Pen Masala April 7:30 p.m., National Philharmonic of Russia with Olga Kern Academic Calendar April 13 Deadline, Spring add/drop by college petition Deadline, Spring withdrawal with a "W" assigned 7 I'm Z 'eam L asko,,.tball 77op Band 's there'for -------------------------------------------UF professional group taking officer nominations The Academic & Professional Assembly (APA), an organization of professional staff at the University of Florida, is currently accepting online nominations for the 2007-08 slate of officers. Serving on the APA board requires a monthly commitment of three to six hours, depending on the position, and is considered time worked with supervisor's approval. Open positions are president-elect, secretary/treasurer, membership chair, program chair and publicity chair. For information on duties and responsibilities of each officer, contact Ron Lester at lesterc@peds.ufl.edu. Self-nominations or nominations of others (with their approval) may be made online at apassembly.afl.edu/voting. The nomination deadline is April 13. The slate will be introduced at the 3:30 p.m. April 26 APA meeting in Room 282 of the Reitz Student Union. Voting will take place online after the meeting and is open to all APA members. For more information about the APA, visit the Web at www.apassembly. ufl.edu. Annual Read-A-Thon features books, fun The fifth annual George A. Smathers Libraries Read-A-Thon will take place on the Plaza of the Americas April 9-12. University of Florida students, faculty, staff and community members will read 10-minute segments from their favorite works of literature from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Free Five Star pizza and pastry samples from Starbucks at Library West will be provided. Other events on the plaza include an edible book contest on April 12. Submitted "edible" books will be judged in five categories, and winners will receive prizes sponsored by Burrito Brothers, Firehouse Subs and TIS College Bookstore. An open air photo exhibit of messages from the 34th Street Wall dating back to 1989 also will be available for viewing from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. April 10-12. The events are free and open to the public. For more information and to download reading schedules, visit the Web at www.uflib.ufl.edu/readathon. Don't forget. InsideUF is, also available online at news.ufl.edu/insideuf. E-mail submissions for publication consideration to insideuf@ufl.edu Send submissions for publication consideration at least two weeks in advance to insideuf@ufl.edu. UNIVERSITY Y The Foundation for The Gator Nation 

PAGE 14

BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND Classif ieds TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 ALLIGATOR .www.alligator.org/class For Rent Foren For Rent For Rent For Re!ndt furnishe furise furishe ished nishe 9 *SICK OF SHARING A BATHROOM?* Get your own this fall! 2Br/2Ba flats, *3Br/3Ba townhms FREE Tanning, W/D, 24hr gym PC Lab, Gated, All Amenities, Pt Friendly Leasing for FALL*377-2777 4-25-72-1 NEED ROOMMATES?! All Inclusive 3s and 4's FREE Roommate Matching FREE Cable, Utilities, Internet FREE Furn, Tanning, 24hr Fitness Center Ask About our Huge 212.5 Townhouses 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Convenient Bus Route! 4-25-72-1 WISH YOU WERE HERE. UNIQUE and HUGE 2&3 Beds FREE Tanning FREE Cable Full W/D 24hr Gym We love petsl Call now for specials: 372-8100 4-25-72-1 1, 2, 3, 4BR Apts. www.ApartmentsinGainesville.com 4-25-72-1 LUXURY COLLEGE CRIBS! Furnished luxury private BR & BA. New 24 Hr Gym, Largest kitchens & Club Housel Mile trail & 3 bus stops in complex New Tan beds! From $499 352-271-3131 4-25-72-1 Roll Out of Bed & Into Class 1469 -$499 Gets you all this Fully Furnished, Free Ethernet, Free Cable w/HBO, FREE UTILITIES, W/D, Roommate match. 379-9300 4-25-72-1 Show Off! Spacious 2/2s 3/3s & 4/4s All Inclusive Resort Living LexingtonCrossingUF.com 373-9009 Live in Paradise Because you deserve it. 4-25-72-1 **BEST OF THE BEST** FREE Cable w/HBO & Showtime FREE GRU Ethernet*FREE Tanning FREE Alarm*FREE cable tv in kitchen* 24 hr gym *2/2 & 3/3 luxury suites Limited Space! From $510/per 374-FUNN 4-25-72-1 Super Clean Studio Walk to Shands Annual lease As low as $375 monthly Inl all utilties Phone 336-9836 4-25-72-2 THE MIRACLE ON 34TH STREET! Luxury III and 3121 Starting at $789! Leasing NOWAND FALL! Pets Welcome *Full Size W/D Close to Campus*Access to Luxury Amen. Don't let your future home get away, Stop by and see us today! 352-367-9910 4-25-72-1 COLLEGIATE LIVING ORGANIZATION Spring leases available ind util, eth, meals & parking. Only 1 block from campus. 3774269. $315/mo I! 4-25-69-1 10 Steps from Criser Hall All-Inclusive, Furnished Townhouses Virtual Tours: www.TheCourtyards.net 4-25-58-1 If you would like to CONTRIBUTE TO BUILDING A HOME FOR HOMELESS SCHOOL CHILDREN in our community, please call Ken at 352-339-1746 4-25-29-1 CLEAN, QUIET, GREAT LOCATION! 2BR/2BA fully furnished condo Oakbrook Walk, 5 min walk to UF Avail May 5, $550/mo utils incl. 904-887-5459 or 904-655-0046 4-11-14-1 FURNISHED EFFICIENCY Walk to UF. All utils incl. 352-283-6820 43-5-1 Spacious UTW 4/4 Condos!!!! Less Than 1 Mile From UF!!!! Prvt baths -Utility credit -$425 mo. Call now -954-651-1864 4-17-15-1 4BR/4BA condo, walk-in closets. Fully furnished, wireless internet. Minutes from campus. 2 bus rates. Only $399/room. Includes pool, patio, kitchen, W/D. Call 954-817-2465. Available Summer/Fall/Spring semesters. 4-10-10-1 **SORORITY ROW AREA** Experience the luxury @ Windsor Hall. Located 2 blocks to UF. Beautiful single and double suites starting @ $450 mo. Includes everything. Gym, Pool, DSL, Elec. Call 352-337-9255 or www.windsorhall.com 4-25-20-1 La Mancha -Walk to UF 8th Avenue. Rooms available May Prelease now -low fall rates Utilities/internet/cable included $400 per month 904-859-7524 5-31-26-1 For rent: furnished 2BR/2BA apt, 3rd floor TREEHOUSE VILLAGE Super-quiet. Incl W/D. $750/mo. 850-6210010 4-4-5-1 Avail starting mid-summer 3 Rms in house 1 mi. N of campus. Lots of parking, wifi internet. Bus rte, 10 min bike ride to UF, nioe neighborhood. 2 rs $350/mo each & Small rm -$250/mo. all + 1/4 utils. 352-586-6926 4-11-10-1 *BEST DEAL*$385*BEST DEAL*$385* 2 blocks to UF. All inclusive. Fully furnished. FREE utilities FREE cable FREE internet POOL Spanish-style POOL. Laundry. Only $385. Call Action Realty 331-1133 4-6-5-1 FREE RENT IN EXCHANGE for assistance & occasional transportation. 1 BR for student w/pvt BA in Millhopper area. Possible monetary compensation. For info call 375-8035 4-9-5-1 13 For Rent iunfurpished *QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS of GREEN SPACE. Rustic IlER apt. $345/mn. 01BR cotage $375/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-25-72-2 3BR AVAILABLE SUMMER Just blocks to UF! Pets ok Vaulted ceilings, ONLY $500/person! Open late and evenings Collegeparkuf.com 371-7777 4-25-72-2 LYONS SPECIAL $99 1st months rent 377-8797 4-25-72-2 WAKE UP & WALK TO UF Studios, 1 & 2 bedroomsfor fall Starting @ $554 Pet friendly, Pool *Come See Us! Open Late 372-7111* 4-25-72-2 t HUGE Floorplans Leasing Now & Fall Open wkends! 1 from $629 2 from $689 3 from $829 Pools! Pets ok Bike to UF 335-7275 4-25-72-2 BE THE CENTER OF ATTENTION IN YOUR DOWNTOWN LUXURY APT Studios*OexTmo & Three Bedroom THu Great location-walk to bars, bike/walk to UF Going fast-reserve now 338-0002 4-25-72-2 Apartments off SW 20th Ave. Close to shopping, bus line and a few miles from UF. Price range $425 to $525. Includes water; sewer, garbage and pest control. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066 Mon-Fri. 4-25-72-2 I Move in Today or Fall Walk/Bike to UP Pets ok Affordable rates from $540! Great pools/courtyards! Open wkends 372-7555 4-25-72-2 Deluxe, Large 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 lv message 4-25-72-2 We've got big ones! Huge 1 and 2BR Apts Pool, Alarm, Tennis, Free UP Parking Pinetreegardens.cnm 352-376-4002 4-25-72-2 Deluxe, large oneor Iwo bedroom, 60 second walk to UP Wend firs, masher dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $595up. 352-538-2181. Lv msg 4-25-72-2 *SLEEP IN* *GET TO CLASS ON TIME* Close to UF!!! Luxury 1/1, 2/2 flats & 3/3 TH FREE cable HBO/Show & Tanning Gated *Alarms Pet Friendly Oxford Manor, 377-2777 4-25-72-2 **New Luxury Villas** Fenced yard perfect for pets! HUGE 1, 2 & 3BRs with W/D FREE Cable w/HBO/Showtime* Alarm *Tanning from $510 Limited Space*374-3866 4-25-72-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 4-25-72-2 WALK TO THE BARS 2 and 3 BR for FALL Just blocks to campus! Open late and weekends! Collegeparkuf.com 371-7777 4-25-72-2 SIGN A LEASE, WIN A PS31 Luxury 1, 2, and 3s! Cable*Tanning*Gated*Sauna 24-Hr Gym*Ask for Furn and RMM Leasing NOW and FALL! (352) 335-4455 4-25-72-2 ALL PAWS ABOARD Spread out in a 1, 2 or 3 BR NOW! Located by Butler Plaza Movie Theatrer *We Can Help Find YOUR Perfect Home* For More Details Call Now 373-1111 4-25-72-2 TREMENDOUS TOWNHOMES 2/2 & 3/3 townhomes Avail Summer/Fall '07 Cable w/HBO, tanning, gym Private Dog Park*All the extras! Call for specials 377-2801 4-25-72-2 Get yours before it's gone! Spacious 1, 2, 3, or 4BR close to UF. Includes water, sewer, 2 pools, On-site laundry, gym, & we love pets! Call 376-2507 or www.BivensCove.com 4-25-72-2 SPRING into Something Spectacular! LUXURY-HUGE 2 & 3 Beds Cable PC Lab Tanning W/D www.greenwichgreen.net 4-25-72-2 BRAND NEW WASHER/DRYERS In ALL 3BRs and select 2BRs FREE tanning, Aerobic Center Only 1.3 miles to UF 377-7401 www.Boardwalkapt.com 4-25-72-2 Be the BIGGEST on the block! 1 or 2bdr this FALL. We love ALL pets! Pool, Gym, Park @ UF, Bball, Tennis Call 4 Specials! 352-332-7401 4-25-72-2 How To Place A Classified Ad In Person: Cash, Check, MC, or Visa The Alligator Offic 1105 W. University Ave. M-F, 8am -4pm UF Bookstore at Reitz Union M -F, 8am -6pm, Sat. I0am -5pm By Mail: Use forms appearing weekly in The All/igator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, Visa or checks only. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. M -F, 8am -4pm By Fax: (352) 376-3015 When Will Your Ad Run? Classifieds begin TWO WORKING DAYS after they are placed. Ads placed at the UF Bookstore may take THREE days to appear. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds or credits for cancelled ads. Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M -F, 8am -4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FORTHE FIRST DAYTHE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first d y will not be further compensated. Can oner error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NGOi' ur the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for I minor changes. 1 For Rent: Furnished 6 Furnishings 11 M orcycles, Mopeds 16 Health Services 21 Entertainment 2 For Rent. Unfurnished 7 Computers 12 Autos 17 Typing Services 22 Tickets 3 Sublease 8 Electronics 13 Wanted 1 8< y Personals 23 Rides 4 Roommates 9 Bicycles 14 Heip Wanted 19 Connections 24 Pets 5 Real Estate 10 For Sale 15 Services 20 Event Notices 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to adverlise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination." We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. -This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as "personal" or "connections" whether or not they actually appear under those classic cations. We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information. a Although this newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. 

PAGE 15

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 U ALLIGATOR, 15 For Rent, For Rent For Rent .,For Rent For Rent unfurnished ) unfurnished punished Fnured frnishe ) STUDIO APT 60 sec walk to UF. Short term avail. 1 or 2 rooms $425 & up. Call 352-538-2181 425-72-2 We Love Pets 1,2,&3 BR Flats w/Screened Porches FREE Alarm*FREE Tanning*WD Gated Entry*Cyber Cafe*Pool w/ Sundeck *24hr Gym & Sauna*Only 1.5 miles to UF Hurry, they won't last long**372-0400 4-25-72-2 Live at a Legend! The Polos of Gainesville will give you the best college experience with Spacious Apartments, Three Pools with Jacuzzis, HUGE Gym, Billiards Room, and many more amenities! Minutes from UF, shopping and Shands. On all major RTS bus routes. All at a rate that won't break your bank! Call now for specials: 335-7656 4-25-72-2 Get in on Gainesville's Best Kept Secret! Amazing 1/1 and 2/1 apartment homes! For a LIMITED TIME ONLY rates start as low as $499l Water included! Pets welcome! Minutes from Butler Plaza! Come see us today and throw your worries away! Call 376-1248 4-25-72-2 Like'em big? Huge 3BR Ready NOW! Pool, Alarm, Free UF Parking! Pinetreegardens.com 352-376-4002 4-25-72-2 MINUTES FROM UF d 3/3's from only $456 per Edrin 414's from only $452 per Bdm FREE Cable w/ HBO/ SHOWTIME FREE Tanning, 24hr Fitness Center Ask About our Huge 2/2.5 Townhouses 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Convenient Bus Route! 4-25-72-2 FORGET YOU HAVE ROOMMATES! Huge 4BR townhomes w/V/D. 1662 sq .ft. FREE gym membership and FREE cable! 352-332-7401 4-25-72-2 Fight the squirrels, not Traffic Bike to class, pets welcome HUGE 1, 2, & 3 BRs Awesome pool w/BBQ Aerobic Center 377-7401 4-25-72-2 LIVE THE LIFE! All Inclusive Ind. leases Big 2/2s 3/3s & 4/4s Filling fast -Lease now 373-9009 4-25-72-2 Sign a lease, Win a PS3 Luxury 2/2 and 3/2l Cable*Tanning*Gated 24-Hr Gym*Furn Avail Leasing Now and Fall! 367-9910 4-25-72-2 1st MONTH FREE 1 BR Villas Starting @ $499. Please call: 352375-3077 or 352-373-2818 4-25-72-2 BIG AND CHEAP 2/1.5 apt 1100 sq ft $650 3/2 apt 1300 sq ft $725 1800 NW 4th St. Over 20 houses also available 373-4423 www.maximumre.com 8-15-168-2 Skip the Roommate Nightmare Studio Walking Distance to UF: $565/mo Pet Friendly/Wood Floors/New Kitchens www.LiveNearCampus.com 376-6223 4-25-72-2. Available in April Walk to UF Studio $390 1 Br $450 2 Br house $550 Gore-Rabell Realty 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 4-25-65-2 LUXURY 2ER ACROSS FROM UF W/D, Private bath, pets welcome! Monitored alarm, open weekends 371-7777 Collegeparkuf.com 4-25-60-2 ONLY 2 HOUSES LEFT! ACROSS FROM UFM!!! 3 and 4 bedroom available Wood floors, HUGE floorplan Ptswelcome! 371-0769 4-25-60-2 EVERYONE LOVES A THREESOME Join in-Live Downtown This Fall, Luxury 3 Bedroom/3 Bath Townhouses Lots of Perksw/d, lofts, cable & internet Get 'em while they're hot! 338-0002 4-25-58-2 Save $$$! Move-in TODAY! 2BR, 3BR or 4BR Ask about our 2006 rates! 376-2507 or www.bivenscove.com 4-25-65-2 **LUXURYAPTS** CLOSEST TO CLASS 2BR/2BA available for Fall www.LookingGlassApartments.com 111 NW 16th St. #1. Call 376-1111 4-25-56-2 1BR & 2BR/1BA apts with W/D, cent H/AC, DW, ceramictile, private patio. Pets arranged. Off SW 34th St. Near bus route. From $630/mo. 377-1633 www.lenoxcorner.com 4-25-50-2 ONLY 2 BLOCKS TO CAMPUS 1 bedrooms and studios for Fall Wood floors avail, pets ok Open late and weekends 371-0769 4-25-62-2 *ABSOLUTE LUXURY* 2/2 Town Homes & 3/3 Flats FREE Water *Cable Tanning* Gym Roomate match available -Leasing Now/Fall *379-9255 4-25-20-2 www.1Ohouses.com 3BR house for August in quiet area. cute clean, cent. H/AC, W/D, wood floors, nice yard. Bike to UF. $1055 email nancy@10houses.com or call 352-336-6116 4-13-35-2 1 Blk to UF. 1017 SW 1st Ave., 2BR/2.5BA townhouse. Lg. kit, parking, W/D, D/W, over 1100 sqft. Avail. Aug 1. Call 333-0800. 4-13-25-2 2158 sq ft 4/3 home rent/sale NW Gvile mins from campus. Appliances stay, remodeled, wd firs, 2 car gar, deck, 1/2 acre, beautiful landscaping, low utils, fenced. $1,550/m, $2K SD. 3120 NW 31st Blvd, 352 466-0358 4-12-30-2 Houses, Duplexes, condos or Townhouses Walk/Bike/Bus to campus. Neat, clean, good quality. Visit www.gatorpads.com for available units or call 284-0316 or 281-Q733 4-25-36-2 Space, Solitude and Disposable Income Beautiful, Spacious home on wooded landscaped lot, 8rms + 400 sq ft porch. 3BR/1 BA, bike to UF, W/D, $1270 + util. No pets. Available August. 275-1259 4-16-30-2 LIVE THE DOWNTOWN LIFESTYLE Luxury 3 Bedroom Townhouses For Fall W/D*Loft Spaces*Walk In Closets*Pets OK Walk to everywhere-bars, shopping, dining Call now! Only 10 left! 338-0002 4-25-30-2 PETS FREE AVAIL NOW OR FALL 3 BED 2 BATH LARGE MASTER WOOD FLOORS BEHIND OAKS MALL $1050 MONTH 2627462 FOR MORE. 4-25-34-2 PETS FREE AVAIL NOW OR FALL WOOD FLOORS 2 BED 2 BATH TOWNHOME PRIVATE DECK 2871 SW 38TH PLACE $875 MONTH 262-7462 FOR MORE 4-2534-2 PETS PARADISE No app or pet fee. 2BR, fireplace, privacy fence, W/D hookup. 4511 SW 71st Terr. $550/mo. Call 352-331-209 4-6-19-2 00001BR APT, $550/moO00 Quiet hood; greenspace, trees, private patio, near UP, bunline, parking, spacious rooms, adorable kitchen, carpeted fasg no dogs. 1825 NW 10th St. 376-0080 4-9-20-2 University Area rentals! Watch our Website!l www.rentgainesville.com Union Properties, Inc. 373-7578 4-25-32-2 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" The Board ofDirectors of Campus Communications, Inc., publisher of the independent florida II alligator and Iy announces the openingsfor thepositions Editor, a paid position as head of the Editorial Division and as an unpaid member of the Board of Directors Managing Editor/Print AND Managing Editor/New Media, Paid positions. Unpaid member of the Board of Directors. Must be available for Summer A & B. The applications for these positions are available at the reception desk at the entrance of the first floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Ave., each weekday between 1-4 p.m. from now until April 4th. Please do not call. Further written information is available at the time an application is picked up. Please allow up to 15 minutes at that time to read information you will need for the application process. The application must be returned to the same desk by 3p.m., April 6th. THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE DEADLINE. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public beginning at 2:30 p.m., Friday, April 20th. Applicants must be present at that meeting to be considered. Applicants must be degree-seeking college or university students. Preference will be given to those who have experience at The Alligator Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer 

PAGE 16

16, ALLIGATOR S TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 For Rent For Rent, For Rent unfurnished unfurnished unfurnished Hawthorne Reserve off University Ave. New 1, 2 and 3 Bedroom Condos, Completely Refurbished, Quiet Wooded Setting. Pool, Clubhouse and Cardio Center. W/D in each unit, Short Term OK. Close to Mall and Royal Park. $750-$1200. Garland Condos off NW 13th Street. End unit Townhouse w/Alarm System, W/D hookup and Pool onsite. 2BR 2.5Btath @ $1,000/mo. Union Properties, Inc. 373-7578 4-2532-2 2 bedroom WOOD FLOORS GREAT FOR PETS! Across the street from UF Open late and weekends Collegeparkuf.com 371-0769 4-25-30-2 **GOTTA SEE** Remodeled 900 sq ft clean 3BR/1 BA duplex on quiet NE street. Bike to UF. New carpet/ paint-tile bath & kitchen! CH/AC. Laundry rm W/D. NS. $895/mo 376-7529, 219-2399 1/m. 4-20-28-2 1 & 2 Bed Cottages & Apts. Starting at $520IMO. Cent AC., W/D hkups. Close to downtown & UF. Cute & MUST SEE! See photos& info @www.rentalworkshop.com 352-870-0904, 318-4553 4-4-15-2 HOUSES! 1 to 4 beds $450-$1500. All walk to UF & on bus routes, W/D hookups, Hardwood, central AC, porches, pets OK, See photos @ rentalworkshop.com 870-0904, 318-4553 4-4-15-2 LIVE ON UF LAKE Pristine Biven's Arm condo. Huge 2BR/2BA, large den (possible 3rd BR), hardwood floors, pool incl. $1295/mo. Call 321-2311505 4-25-29-2 ******10 BLOCKS TO UF****** Quaint 1BR/1BA apts in Historic Victorian House. Huge rooms, wood floors, high ceilings, pvt entrance. $525/mo. Avail Aug 1st. Pets ok. 376-2184. 225 SW 3rd Ave. 4-3-13-2 2BRs AVAILABLE IN LARGE 4/2 ON FARM less than 10 mi to UF. Pet friendly. Horse ok. $27trfno. 1 room avail May, 1 in June. Jen 352-495-7714 4-3-10-2 2/1.5 Mill Run 2 story twnhs by UF/Butler Plaza on bus rt 20/21. W/D, DW, Tile, 1000 sq ft, Pool. Pets ok. $700/mo + security. 352-871-7460 4-6-10-2 WALK TO SHANDSNANET SCH. Large 1 & 2BR, Downstairs, CH/A, fans, carpet, Laundry on site, pool, parking, quiet. 1BR $600-$650; 2BR -$725-$800. Avail Summer/ Fall. 352-376-0080 or 352 284 3873 4-2526-2 AVAIL NOW. ADORABLE 3/2 3BR/2BA HOME 1500 sq ft. Screened porch, laundry room. 4300 NE 17th Terr. $850/mo 1st & $1000 req'd to move in. 352-318-3830 4-10-15-2 AVAIL NOW. 5BR/2BA HOUSE 815 NW 7th Place. $1200/mo. Big yard, 10 min walk to UF. Call 352-318-3830 4-1015-2 *PRIVATE VILLAS** Singel-story close to UF 1BR ONLY $529 2BR $699 + FREE Water NOW & FALL 375-1519 8-15-51-2 "LIVE ALONE** IBR VILLA ONLY $519 1/2 mile to UF & Butler Plaza Walk-in closet! Alarms avail 375-3077 Avail NOW & FALL 8-15-51-2 NO ROOMMATE HASSLES Private Villas next to Butler Plaza Studios $499*IER $549 **FREE WATER" Call for Fall*377-2596 8-15-51-2 CLOSEST to UF/Shands -Enjoy privacy & convenience 1 BR Villa ONLY $529 Duckpond*POOL*Alarm avail Leasing FALL Fast! 372-4835 8-15-51-2 *Affordable & Nice* Gym*POOL*Alarm avail I BR $539+FREE water Phase I 2BR ONLY $699 Phase I 2BR from $829 Great Location*SW 34 St CALL TODAY! 376-0828 8-15-51-2 HUGE 1 BR ONLY $499 Single-story Villa in NW Private patio*Full kitchen Alarm avail*Pool*Laundry Lease Now/Aug 372-3826 8-15-51-2 ONLY I MILE to UF! Across from NEW Starbucks! HUGE apts*Pool*Laundry 2br $699 3br $869 Open Afternoons*378-1755 8-15-51-2 Desired 4BR, 5BR, 6BR Houses Available Great Sizes & Location. Family Discounts Available! Call 352-682-7424 4-10-15-2 ******10 BLOCKS TO UF****** Private 2-story garage apt. Fenced yard. Pets ok. Large 1BR/1 BA. W/D, porch. $650/ mo. Avail Aug 1st. 226 SW 4th AVe. 3762184 4-3-10-2 MOVE IN TODAY! 1 BR &STUDIOS Walk to UF. From only $589 371-7777 4-25-25-2 MOVE IN TODAY! Charming 1/1 and 2/1 apartment homes Ready for you to move in now! Minutes from UF and Shands! Water included! Pets welcome! Special low rates starting at $4991 Special ends March 31st! Limited availability -call now! 352-376-1248 4-25-24-2 FOR SALE OR FOR RENT 3BR/2BA w/pool on 1 acre. Nice SW neighborhood. 12 min to Shands & UF. Recently remodeled. $249,000 or $1500/mo. Call 772201-9933 4-5-10-2 ** Near UFP* 4BR/2BA Newly Renovated Kitchen 10'x 10' Laundry Room *2 car Carport Pets under 20 Lbs 610 NW 34 Terr. MANNY 352-317-4408 4-5-10-2 Recently upgraded & quiet spacious 3BR/ 2BA house. New paint, blinds, carpets & tiles, well equipped kitchen, extra space for home office or kids play room. Central HT/&AC, ceiling fans, auto irrigation system, W&D hookup, carport. NW Aarea, 5 min to Law School .For sale or long term lease No Section 8. 352-375-6754 4-19-20-2 3BR condo off SW 20th Ave Nice. Possible RENT-TO-OWN. $750/mo. 352-373-2728 4-6-10-2 **WALK TO UF** From any of our 2, 3 or 4BR Classic Apts or Vintage Homes Starting @ $600/mo. Come by & pick up one of our availability lists @ 821 NW 13th Street or call 375-8256 4-25-22-2 **SORORITY ROW AREA** 1940's Vintage stone 2BR/1 BA apt. Beautiful hardwood floors, $750/mo. 375-8256 4-25-22-2 **SORORITY ROW AREA** Beautiful stone 3BR/2BA Newly remodeled towhhouse w/hardwood floors, A Must See! $1650/mo. 375-8256 4-25-22-2 2BR/1.5BA CONDO 1 Block west of campus @ Foxmoor. Remodeled kitchen. Cable, DSL, non-smoking grad students. No pets $750/mo + util. Available 8/07. Call 352-5053835 4-910-2 Great Houses for rent Close to UF fenced yard Email: SBR@JacksonLLC.com 918 NW 39th Ave. 311 $800 1614 NW 21st Ave 412 $1000 3700 NW 21st PI 32 $1000 600 NW 54th Ter 312 $1150 4-25-21-2 COZY GATOR Several cute & clean vintage apts & houses avail Aug. Most have wood firs, cent H/AC, W/D, located near downtown & UF. Call 352-338-7670 or visit www.cozygator.com 5-15-22-2 4BR/4BA CONDO $1300/mo or $330room. Private bath, walkin closet. WID, microwave, balcony, pool, close to UFI 538-4877 4-3-5-2 6 BLOCKS TO UF 1 BR/1 BA, 750 sq ft. $500/mo incl water. Avail April 1st. 1313 NW 7th Ave. Call 871-6413 4-25-21-2 ***CUTE COTTAGE CLOSE TO UF*** 2BR/1BA quiet, secluded, upscale 0 900 sq ft 0 W/D, covered patio 0 $700/mo S No pets @ 1607 1/2 NW 12th Rd 0 Avail April 1. Ph 352-466-4171 4-11-10-2 Apt. in Historic house hardwood floors, lots of charm, W/D, quiet, 2 blocks from downtown. Studio or 1 BR avail April, May or Aug. 304 NE 6th St. $400-525/mo. 379-4952 4-2520-2 SUNDOWNE STUDIO APARTMENT $439/mo includes water. $35 application fee, on bus route 1 behind Butler Plaza. Available move-in May 1. jlgillice@yahoo.com 443786-4408 4-5-5-2 CHEAP RENT! Move-in today! 1BR/1BA apt. $479/mo. No security or last! Renewable lease in Aug. Laundry/Pool and close to campus. 352-505-0497 4-5-5-2 3BR/2BA, larged fenced yard. Firepace, W/D, 2 car garage. Move-in June 1. Nonsmoker. $1025/mo. 6413 NW 30th Terrace. Call 305-905-2289. 4-25-18-2 Luxury Brand New Nantucket Walk Condo 3 blks to UF! 2BR/2BA 920 sq ft. Stainless steel appiances, granite countertops, carpet tile firs, full size balcony, reserved parking space, W/D. $1600/mo www.NW309.com 4-25-18-2 Brand new 2BR/2BA condos for rent 3 blocks from UF. Be the first to live in these luxurious and beautiful condos. $1600 per month. Call 352-375-8256 4-25-18-2 Palm Villas Apartment Quiet Luxury 2BR/2BA, 18' ceiling in living room. ON RTS rt. 12 runs every 10 min to Reitz $959 monthly. See www.bellaproperties.net. Call 335-5424 4-25-18-2 SW 2BR/1BA unit in quad. New stone kitchen countertops & fridge. Ceramic tile, ceiling fans, cent H/AC, W/D hk ups, sec lights. $625/mo 900 sq ft. Optional sec sys. 850-556-8602 4-9-5-2 LARGE 1BR THE POLOS Apr 1 -Jul 31. I will pay $300 fee. Pets ok. Rent $550/mo. Bus routes 9 & 35. Screened patio. Fitness center, pool, computer lab, tanning salon & more. Call Jason 941-585-1079 4-25-47-3 Sublease at Gainesville Place Apts 2800 SW 35th Place Early May -August 7 $509/mo Pool, Tennis, Weights and More 727-439-7094 4-3-15-3 CABANA BEACH APTS IBR/1BA in a 4BR/4BA. Furn, poolside, util incl. Move in ASAP. $500/neg. No move in fee. Call 727-364-6981 4-11-21-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA Male only. The Estates. $530/mo all incl. Furnished. Avail 1st wk in May -Lease to Aug. 386-439-8441 4-10-15-3 Royal Village Apts. 1BR in 4BR/2BA. $475/Mo. 5 min walk to campus. Furn, W/D, Internet, Cable-HBO, Pool, Gym, All Util incl. Avail April 1 -Aug. Call 510-303-9213 thenry5@uf8.edu 4-310-3 Summer Sublease: Estates: Beautiful, spacious 4BR/4BA. Fully furnished, close to campus. Great condition. Cable/High speed Internet incl. Pool, gym, clubhouse. Price/ Dates Negotiable. Call Lauren 561-866-7746 4-5-11-3 CAMPUS LODGE sublease 2BR/2BA available in a 3/3. Fully furnished, W/D, utilities included. Avail April -August. Contact 352281-8131 4-11-15-3 PRIVATE APARTMENT. One BR 50 yards from campus on 13th! Overlooks pool, private kitchen and bath. Summer sublease only $525 per/mo. Contact Byron @ 352406-9367 4-5-10-3 LIVE BEHIND NORMAN HALL WITH FRIENDS: Royale Palms 3BR/3BA Avail. Sum A Price Neg. More info call Jill 904-591-5563 or email js0406@ufl.edu 4-6-10-3 LEXINGTON CROSSING Summer sublease, male, 1Br/1BA furn in 4BR apt, on Bus Route, Close to UF. $470 mo includes utils, DSL, Cable. 904-744-4609 4-13-15-3 Female roommate needed. Live in Beautiful new house w/sec alarm, bus stop, fast internet, cable, quiet area, pool, huge backyard, pvt BA. Avail April until Aug or longer. $500/ mo Jackie 352-395-7462; 941-780-3526 4-6-13-4 SUBLEASE Estates 1 bdrm in 4 bdrm all girls furnished apt Own bathroom Southwest part of Gainesville, Very close to campus Amenities include very nice gym, computer lab, two pools, Jacuzzi, basketball court, and sand volleyball court 1st months rent free Only 500/month all inclusive Leasing now and fall 727-424-6961 4-9-10-3 College Manor 1BR/1 BA. Across the street from UF! Unfurn. No roommates! Avail May -Aug for $400/mo w/o utils. Call 585-5072601 4-9-10-3 Avail early May til Aug or longer! 1BR/1BA unfurnished apt at Frazer House Apts 1 block from campus. $530 + util. May free. Call 352226-6601 4-9-10-3 1BR/1BA avail in Madison Pointe. Large apt. August PAID. Pets ok. May to Aug. Call Liz 727-459-6824 4-9-10-3 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" Take over lease. 1BR/1BA, spacious. W/D hookups. Bellamy Grande Luxury Apartments. $800/mo. Deposit depending on apartment's approval. Please call 352-8713904 4-3-5-3 CAMPUS CLUB SUBLEASE Roommate wanted in a 3/2 apt. Now-Aug $399/mo. Fully furnished, utils incl. Call 305479-5975. Available now! 4-3-5-3 The Reserve @ Kanapaha!! 1BR in 3BR/2BA. W/D, satellite, DSL, pool, gym, everything brand new!! Huge apt! Only $340/neg available immed thru 7/31. Call 305-281-9960 4-10-10-3 Summer sublease at Greenwich Green. 1 BR/1 BA in 3/3 townhouse apt. Rent: $360/ mo + 1/3 electric and internet. Price negotiable. W/D, fully fumished, on bus rte 12. Call Samantha at 561-602-6589 4-3-5-3 CUTE DUCKPOND STUDIO COTTAGE $400/mo. Begin May. Flexible. Can renew. 284-4779 4-3-5-3 Sublease May-Aug or Jun-Aug 1BR/1BA at Gainesville Place Apt. Furnished, all utils, W/ D in apt, internet & cable all incl. Amenities. $499/mo., 407-474-7124 4-5-7-3 QUIET 1 BR ON SW 20TH Low rent. On the busline, easy walk/bike to UF. Sublease any May-July. Apt inct security system. Call Christopher 859-630-9353 410-10-3 1BR/1BA huge walkin closet. Huge private patio. Pets welcome. Lots of parking! 3 blocks behind Swamp. $565/mo. OBO + $150 lease transfer. Call Christian 786-5534584 4-3-5-3 Summer sublease: 1BR/1BA -at a 2/2 apt. Excellent location close to UF and Butler Plaza, on bus route. $500 all util included. Availability negotiable. A must see. Call Angie 786-239-2740 4-3-5-3 1BR/1BA 5 min from campus May -Jul renew opt. W/D inside, pets allowed $775/mo. Call for info 941-661-4119 or michelle.rm@gmai .com 4-10-10-3 MBT WANTED lhIUI| I111 I i $-'.zfil Mishaann Caroline Issaacs Black Female (DOB 05/13/80); 5'07", 220 lbs, Black Hair, Brown Eyes Wanted for: Failure to RedeliVer PropertyALACNUA COUNTY STOPPERS Call (352) 372-STOP 

PAGE 17

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 U ALLIGATOR, 17 Subl ubeasesZ ~Subes Rommates Rommts Estates 3rd Fir avail May 6th 2BR/2BA $560/room OBO Fully furnished, utilites, W/D 3 min to campus, 2 buses 352-375-8935 leave msg. 4-6-5-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA avail for summer in Oxford Manor. $390/mo unfurn. Or $415/mo furn. Ind utilities and cable. Pool, gym, tennis courts, etc. Great Location!! Call 954-6610809 4-4-5-3 2BR/2BA unfurnished condo avail 05/01. Summer sublease or annual lease. $785/mo. Call 954-937-2464 4-5-5-3 *2 bed 1 bath Summer Sublease 4 blocks from UF. Rent reduced, hardwood floors, new stove. Furnishing negotiable. 352-8701982 or 850-293-1712* 4-5-5-3 FALL 07 SUBLEASE Walk to class! $480/mo. Fully furnished, all util, cable & HS internet incl Courtyards apt. Call 850-321-4360. Stephanie 4-5-5-3 Lexington Crossing Apartments. 1/1 in a 3/3. Great roommates. New carpet. Furnished. All util incl Avail summer 2007. Only $350/mo neg. 727-743-8855 4-5-5-3Summer Sublease May -August Luxury 1/1 in 2/2 $450/mo. Option to renew. Fully furnished, util incl. W/D, DSL, cable, bus route in community. Gville Place Apts. 954478-9599 4-5-5-3 Bring Fido, Ditch the roomates!!! IBR Apt Avail May 1-Aug 31. Very clean & quiet area, -2 mi from UF. $489/mo, All kinds & sizes of pets welcome. Laundry on site, 24 Hr maintaince. tracylll@ufl.edu or 954-604-8716 4-6-5-3 Sublease from 5/1 -7/31. $325/mo. 1 room in 4BR/1.5BA apt. Furnished. Individual lease & girls only. At LaMancha 914 SW 8th Ave. Close to UF. Call 352-328-9502 4-20-15-3 Downtown summer sublease May 1 -July 31. One roommate for 2/2, huge room and your own bathroom. FREE cable, internet & parking, $369/mo. Call 904-327-9679 4-6-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE Lexington Crossing. May-Aug 4BR/4BA female-Furn $400 neg all utils & W/D incl. Pools, free tanning, computer lab, gyms, bus rte to UF, parking spots, wireless. 813-727-1549/rebeca27@ufl.edu 4-6-5-3 2/2 townhouse style apartment close to campus available for Summer C. $400 per room a month plus utilities or best offer. Furnished upon request. Cable and water included in rent. Call 352-214-0705 or 352-682-6508. 4-6-5-3 Cobblestone Luxurious Townhouse Apt 1 BR/1 BA in a 3/3. Fully furn cable incl. w/d unit, pool & gym. Sum C only, May &Aug rent FREE!! Must be clean. Move in May 10 $400/mo.O.B.O. female pref. 954-914-5335. 4-6-5-3 1 bedroom in two bedroom 1 bath house available May-August next to law school. Walk to bars or class. $390 per month everyghing included. Washer, Dryer & Dishwasher. 850-443-4349 4-9-5-3 <1 MILE FROM SHANDS! 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA. May-Aug. Furnished, tile, W/D in apt, pool, gym. 5 buses. $399/mo + utilities mto4c@ufl.edu, 239-253-1610 4-9-5-3 LJ "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" .3.N U ***2 BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS!!!*** Available from May 1st on. 920 SW Depot Ave. 1 BR luxury apt w/laundry facilities. Pets welcome. Beautiful trees. $425. Call Camila 352-275-1341 or 352-392-1281 4-16-10-3 Sublease at Campus Club Apts. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/3BA. 4000 SW 37th Blvd. Early May -August 10. $390/mo negotiable. Private bathroom. Pool 352-226-7999 alobayyed240@hotmail.com 4-9-5-3 COLLEGE MANOR Across from UF & 2 biks from stadium. May-Aug 1BR/1BA apt. $529/mo. Eigher parially furn or unfurn. Pvt & peaceful living. Call Linda 850-453-1291 or linda@optimesolutions.com 4-25-17-3 Summer sublease May -Aug. Melrose Apts. 1BR/1BA out of a 4/4. $399/mo OBO. Everything included. Furnished. Contact 561-801-5353 4-25-17-3 STONERIDGE APTS 3BR. $367/mo + 1/3 utils. Call Tempie 352231-6305 4-5-3-3 Sublease for a 1BR/1BA/1 living room from April 1 to July 30. Furnished. Lease can be renewed. Rent is $450 (*instead of $529) Call Diala: 352-682-8441 4-4-2-3 Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-25-72-4 Female roommate for one/two female UF students. Quiet. Responsible. 60 second walk to UF. Old house charm with all amenities. Avail Now. $400 -up. 352-538-2181.Lv message. Private Owner 4-25-72-4 Master BR avail in huge home. 2 profs need mature 3rd. Digital, wireless, W/D, yard serv, 2 bus rts, quiet area. SW G'ville. Avail NowJuly $300 + utils. davem@uf .edu4-6-35-4 Rockwood Villas 2BR/2BA for rent, W/D, all appliances, $425/ room + sec dep, call Abby 352-281-5617 4-9-60-4 2BRs in wing of new 4/3 house, avail now. BR have deadbolt locks, monthly maid service sills inet $525/B3R, cable, wireless, parking and on bus line. Club has hot tub, gym. Lori 850-212-9848 UFGatorHome@aol.com 4-4-20-4 UF Student needs roommate to share 2BR/ 2BA condo 1.5 mile to campus. Steps to bus/pool/gym/com lab. $520. 770-429-3999, 352-381-7362 Private Owner 4-4-15-4 FEMALE ROOMMATES WANTED for 4BR furnished pool.house. $450/mo + utils. 1 mile from campus on bus route. Non-smoker. No dogs. Avail June. Call 954-899-7197 425-29-4 2BRs AVAILABLE IN LARGE 4/2 ON FARM less than 10 mi to UF. Pet friendly. Horse ok. $275/mo. 1 room avail May, 1 in June. Jen 352-495-7714 4-3-10-4 Master BR in 4BR/3BA house off NW 16th Ave between SFCC & UF. Cox cable & HS internet, new carpet & ceiling fans, DW, W/D & new oven. $430/mo all util incl. *ANOTHER ROOMS $360/mo util incl 352-328-4995 4-3-10-4 SPYGLASS 1/1 for female in 3/3 apt. Have own room & full bath. Share living room & kitchen. $500/mo Security gate & alarm. Call 2626407 4:3-10-4 Need female student in University Commons 4BR condo. Non-smoker, poolside view, game room & amenities. $379/mo. Please call Haydee Clark @ 352-871-8577. Available Aug. 4-3-10-4 Male roommate needed to share furnished house w/young prof. 15 min drive from campus, close to bus, free washer/dryer, pvt bdrm w/btrm, pets ok, Ig fenced yd, lots of trees, pond, wood deck, hottub, $400/mo + dep (1 mo) + 1/2 utils (Directv, phone, wireless, elect) Ken 954-817-8066 4-3-10-4 Roommates wanted to share 4BR/3BA with pool with UF stsudents. Students only. No smoking. No pets. Close walk to UF. $375/mo each room plus 1/4 utilities. Lease. Avail May 6. 262-2710/514-4570 4-3-10-4 ENJOY A ROMANTIC OLD HOUSE Near library downtown. $285-$360/rm + utils. Free internet access. Short term. No pets. No smoking. 378-1304 4-3-10-4 Roommates 4/4 Univ. Terr apt. $400/mo. (everything included) W/D, 2 freq. UF bus routes (12 & 35) a 15-second walk from the front door Please call 352-870-7393 4-4-10-4 Room for rent $450/mo Near SFCC & Oaks Mall & 1-75. All utilities included. 786-325-7941 or 258-0277 4-4-10-4 ROOMS + SMALL APT $85/$90 per/wk full cable/+ TV. Wash/MC. Call 8-5 M-Fri 372-5554. Ask about renting rooms. At night 7:00-11:00 Call 376-0384 4-6-10-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED in condo 1 mile from UF, $435/MO includes cable, internet, utilities, pool + more, beautifully renovated and on bus route. 262-2871 4-20-20-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED for 2BR/ 2BA apt at Looking Glass Apts. $625/mo. Steps from UF. Call 954-494-9856. Avail Fall 2007. 4-16-15-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED!! 4BR/4BA. Clean & quiet place at University Terrace West. $450 ALL utilities included: Cable, High Speed Internet, Electricity, and Water. Fully furnished and amenities. MUST SEE IT. Call Dory: 954-816-1468 4-9-10-4 1 BR/1 BA IN SPACIOUS HOUSE Quiet neighborhood. W/D. $525/mo utilities included. Call Moji 352-870-4684 4-10-10-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED for nice NW home between UF and SFCC. $325. Go to www.UFtutor.com/room for details. 4-10-10-4 Looking for a girl roommmate in a nice quiet community of Casablanca very close to Campus. Great bus routes. 2BR/2.5BA. For more info call Elina at 786-493-9069 4-25-20-4 Available now. Quiet pvt BR/BA in Southfork Oaks condo near UF. No smoking/mo pets. $425/mo + 1/3 utils. $300 dep. Lease length neg. 284-3961 4-20-16-4 1or2 rmmts 3/2 newly renovated, lavish house NE Gville. $345/$430/mo short or long-term 390-7505. Pix/Info http: //www.gaimesvillerent.net/index.php?modul e=listings&page=view&id=43777&search_ page= 4-5-5-4 Responsible female roommate wanted, nonsmoker, 2BR2.5BA townhouse, includes W/ D, electric, water, cable, highspeed internet, on bus route, 2 miles from UF. $475/mo. Call 904-703-7262 4-13-9-4 1 or 2 rooms available in 4/2.5 May -Aug. Longer term possible. $400/mo + 1/4 util. Great house. Close to campus. Nice big backyard. Call 352-262-3662 or 352-2195758 4-9-5-4 Female roommate needed.1BR for 4/2.5 new townhouse, 10 min from UF by car or bus, all included. $430. 954-557-4769/ baezwpa@bellsouth.net 4-25-17-4 Real Estate Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDSI Reach over 24,000 possible buyers Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone. Please Call 373-Find PRE-CONSTRUCTION, NEW, & EXISTING CONDOS & HOUSES FOR SALE NEAR UF AT AFFORDABLE PRICES. SEARCH HERE OR RECEIVE A FREE AND COMPLETE LIST VIA E-MAIL. Visit "ww.mapricerealtor.com or Call Today, 352-281-3551, Matt Price, Campus Realty. 4-25-72-5 Newly renovated 1 & 2 BR units starting at $99,900 (as-is at $86,900). Steps from Shands, VA, Dental School, New Cancer Center & more! Visit mmparrish.com/ serve construction15.cfm or Call Coldwell Banker, MM Parrish, Realtor 352.372.5375. 4-25-55-5 A peaceful, sophisticated lifestyle. 1, 2 & 3 BR luxury townhomes in pool community with many amenities. Priced from $159,700. Great upgrades and bonuses available. Call Coldwell Banker, MM Parrish, Realtor 352.377.4977 or visit MagnoliaPlaceTownd ominiums.com. 4-25-55-5 S Completely renovated 1, 2 & 3 BR condos literally across 34th Street from campus. Visit www.cazabella.com or Call Coldwell Banker, MM Parrish, Realtor 352.373.3583. 4-25-55-5 Pre-Construction Pricing next to campus! OxfordTerracell -Walkto UF from brand new condo! www.oxfordterrace.com. Call Eric Leightman with Action Real Estate 352-219-2879 4-25-72-5 1 BR 3 blocks to UF & Shands. Newly remodeled, central A/C, W/D, luxury kitchen, tile/ Pergo, DW, very & private, many upgrades, big BR, ample parking, first floor, on bus route. $109,000. 352-362-6410 4-13-70-5 Would You Liketo Live Near UF? Stop Renting, BUY NOW! FREE List of Condos 24/7 www.CondosNearUF.com Campus Realty 336-3900 4-6-56-5 Want to Earn Some Extra Cash? Temporary help needed delivering the new Yellow Book in the following communities: Gainesville, Lake Butler, Starke, Alachua, Archer, Chiefland, High Springs, Keystone Heights, Newberry, Williston Call 1-800-373-3280 Monday thru Friday 7:30 am to 7:00 pm CST $ Must be 18 years of age yell $ Must have insured, dependable auto I \ '$ Must have valid driver's license E BaM LJ 

PAGE 18

18, ALLIGATOR N TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 Real Estate Real Estate., _Rea Etl Real, Estate JFurnishings Woud You Like to Live Near UF? Stop Renting, BUY NOW! FREE List of Houses 24/7 www.HomesNearUF.com Campus Realty 336-3900 4-6-56-5 I BUY houses, condos, land & any other real estate. Can close in 3 days, all cash. 727-560-6081 4-25:p8-5 LtONGAT NEW 1,2&3BR Condos Starting at $159K By UF. Gated. Covered, assigned parking Matt & Tiffany Thomas -Realtors Bosshardt Realty Services, Inc. 352-494-0194 & 352-316-5556 4-25-66-5 Walk to UF and stadium from luxurious Jackson Square Condominiums. Built to last a lifetime Priced from mid-$250s Call 352-870-9453 4-25-72-5 Need to buy or sell your home/condo? Call Kate Wallis, Lifestyles Realtors, 352-3591112 or visit www.katewallis.com for more info. UF Alum. Gooood Gators! 4-19-60-5 2/2 off Archer between campus & 34th St. Just $129,900! Fully furnished with washer/ dryer & all appliances. Eric Leightman Action Realty 352-219-2879 4-25-60-5 THE PALMS c 0 N 1) 0 M1 1 N 1 0 N4 S New 2BR/2BA condos. Prices starting in the $260,000's. Guaranteed Parking Completion Spring '2008. Reserve Yours Today! Call Coldwell Banker, MM Parrish Realtor 352.372.5375. Great Financing Opportunities Available. Visit www.mmparrish.com for information on other available properties! 4-25-55-5 BUYERS' MARKET, SAVE THOUSANDS Buy a new condo near UF FREE list of luxury condos 24/7 www.NewCondosNearUF.com Campus Realty 336-3900 4-6-36-5 Newly renovated 2BR/1.5BA end unit condo desireable Casablanca East. Newer AC, W/D, scr porch, Tile dnstairs kitchen, hall & 1/2 BA. Comm pool & bus rt on site. Quiet conv to Shands/UF. $139,900. 352-246-5958 4-10-40-5 LEXANDA GRANTWOOD CONDOMINILIM BRAND NEW CONSTRUCTION CLOSE TO UF AND SHANDS Starting in the mid $170's 2BR/2.5BA Townhomes Gated Community on Bus Route 2508 SW 35th Place OPEN HOUSE Th & F 2-5, Sat & Sun 1-4 Contact Birdie Murnane, Venture Realty of North Florida at 352-222-8888 or visit WWW.ALEXANDRACONDOS.COM 4-6-30-5 WHY RENT WHEN YOU CAN OWN 3 BED 2 BATH CONDO WOOD FLOORS LARGER MASTER WITH WALK IN CLOSETS BEHIND OAKS MALL OWNERIAGENT 352-262-7462 4-25-34-5 WHY RENT WHEN YOU CAN OWN 2 BED 2 BATH CONDO WOOD FLOORS, PRIVATE DECK NEWER APPLIANCES $139,500 OWNERIAGENT 352-262-7462 4-25-34-5 Brand new 1440 sq ft RESTAURANT SPACE for sale or lease 3 blocks from UF in beautiful Jackson Square Condominiums. Call Eric Wild at 870-9453 for info 4-25-33-5 Brand new 1020 square ft OFFICE SPACE for sale or lease 3 blocks from UF in beautiful Jackson Square Condominiums. Large private balcony. Call 870-9453 4-25-33-5 MH in Arredondo, 3BR/2BA, 16x60, screened porch. New AC, fridge, (all warranted) comes w/ appl. Lawn mower. BBQ grill. $1600 + $1300 (incl sales tax/doc stamps) $546/mo lot rent & pmt. 283-8077, 618-204-2853 410-20-5 WANT TO OWN CLOSE TO CAMPUS? Student condos & houses for sale! Close to UF, walk to campus! Go to HomesAtUF.com or call Steve Barry, Campus Realty 352 494-4996. 425-31-5 If you would like to CONTRIBUTE TO BUILDING A HOME FOR HOMELESS SCHOOL CHILDREN in our community, please call Ken at 352-339-1746 4-25-29-5 Condo for sale (or rent) 1/1 CREEKSIDE VILLAS NW 29th Rd. Well maintained. Upstairs Creekview. $84,900. 407-616-7496 4-515-5 House for Sale: Charming 1940's cottage w/pvt yard near UF. 2BR/1BA, wd firs, new roof, elec & AC/Heat pump in 2005. Sec Sys & termite contract. $219,000. See Photos at www.10houses.com or call 352-336-6116 4-13-22-5. 3/2 condo w/W/D, excellent condition. New ceramic tile, carpet, paint and more. End unit near pool. Tower Rd. on bus rte. $122,900. Call 352-262-1135 4-25-26-5 UNBEATABLE PRICE 2/2:5 Lofts Oasis Condo. $235,000. BRING ALL OFFERS. Call Campus Realty 352-3183384 4-3-10-5 Beautiful 1 BR/1.5BA loft/condo, -Totally remodeled. SW section/Tower Rd. For sale by owner. Call for details. 339-4600 4-4-10-5 CAMPUS VIEW CONDO 13th & Archer -3BR/3BA, util rm, LR, DR, Kit w/breakfast counter, balcony. New cost. $299,900. PH 813-205-0220 4-4-10-5 For Sale By Owner Hailey Garden Condo. 2/2.5, living, dining, kitchen, front & back porches, W/D, 1.5 years old. HOA. Immaculate cond. Avail 06/01/07. $179,000. Appt only. 386-426-1340 or 386-212-2422 4-5-10-5 HENICS HEIGHTS CONDOS RENOVATED-CLEAN-QUIET 1 & 2 BR units a short bike or bus ride to the University. Starting at 89,900 with possible developer down payment assistance or 1st year's association fees paid. Tracy Henics of Cutting Edge Realty Group 352 505 8505 or 352 870 6410 thenics@cuttingedgerealtygro up.com Or check out cuttingedgerealtygroup .com for additional listings. 4-19-20-5 OPEN SUNDAY 12-3 919 NW 125 Dr. Villas of West End 2/2 new carpet/tile, across from pool, clean, empty, HOA includes insurance, $164,900. Call 386-689-0508 4-13-15-4 2 BD/2 BA St. Charles Condo Corner Unit 3 biks from UF; 5 blks from Swamp. $30,000 below appraisal. 1 1/2 year new condo fully loaded with ceramic tile, granite countertops, full kitchen, W/D, sec. system and more. Reserved covered parking space. $279,900. (904) 315-9144. 4-6-10-5 5/3 SW HOME Walk to UF & Shands. Own or rent. Campus Realty. Call Ryan 352-562-9090 4-13-15-5 3/2 UPSCALE NW CONDO Close to everything. $334,900. Campus Realty. Call Ryan 352-562-9090 or Kenny 352-494-0012 4-13-15-5 1 ACRE LOT WITH 4/2 HOME in SW Great location to build condo/apts. Campus Realty. Call Ryan 352-562-9090 or Kenny 352-494-0012 4-13-15-5 3/2 CYPRESS POINTE CONDO Ready to move in. Own or rent. Call Ryan from Campus Realty 352-562-9090 4-1315-5 2/1 SW CONDO $84,900. Call Ryan 352-562-9090. Campus Realty 4-13-15-5 5/2-SW HOME 2000+ sq ft. Only $229k. Call Ryan 352562-9090. Own or rent. Campus Realty 4-13-15-5 BEAUTIFUL 2BR/2BA CONDO SW/Tower Rd. w/bonus room, vaulted ceilings, W/D & many upgrades. For sale by owner. Must sell! $121,500/OBO 352-2849163 4-6-10-5 2BR SUMMIT HOUSE CONDO newly renovated in neutral colors. 2 blocks to Shands. Available for end of June closing. Owner is Agent. $139,900, 904-476-6344 4-6-10-5 Beautiful 1/1, 2/2, & 3/3 condos just 1.5 miles from UF & on the busline! Plenty of parking & fabulous amenities including resort-style pool & spa, fitness room, basketball & tennis courts. Prices start at $121,900 with great buyer incentives. www.W/indsorParkatUF.com. Amy Buese, 352-222-7890 Anita Smith, 352-514-7789 Bosshardt Realty Services, Inc. 8-15-47-5 AFFORDABLE & CONVENIENT! 02000 DWMH, 1/2 acre, new carpet, $109,900 01997 DWMH, 1-acre, 2432 sq ft, $129,900 EXIT Realty 352-505-5700 4-4-5-5 Walk to do-Wntown/UF! 2/1 vintage charmer Huge back porch, appreciating area. $105,000 Gore-Rabell Real Estate, Inc. 378-1387/352-DREAM IT! 4-25-25-5 2BR/2.5BA two-story condo in quiet Mill Pond subdiv. 1-car garage, new AC, W/D included, monitored security system. Great invest. for grad. students. Avail. during May. $229,000. 352-337-2992 or 904-382-6956 4-12-10-5 ****BRAND NEWAVAIL NOW***** Haily Garden 4288 SW 22 Ln #105. Near SW 43rd St. 2/2.5, wood, tile, carpet $169,000. For appt call 352-359-1323. Owner Agent. (Consider rent $950/mo no pet please) 425-19-5 The V l Haile. Want to get away from campus, but still be close to everything? Live a lifestyle of convenience in a 'new urban' village setting. Boutique shops, restaurants, pub & miles of trails 75% Sold! Call today 352-376-6737 www.villageathaile.com Coldwell Banker The Condo Store 4-25-19-5 BARGAIN HUNTERSLOWEST PRICED SINGLE FAMILY HOME IN SW GVILLE$128,500 NICE 105X 98 CORNER LOTNEW CARPET PAINT & HOME WARRANTY2 BR PLUS STUDYCONVENIENT LOCATION FOR UF -STUDENT-OWNER/ AGENT 352-665-9547 4-5-5-5 @UF: 4BR/4BA; sec sys; W/D; DSL ea BR; W/D; pool; wkout room; clean; on bus rte; top fir. $190k. 904-759-1357 4-25-18-5 Thinking of Buying Property in Gainesville? FREE "No Hype Buyers Guide" for Students and Parents. Call: 352-222-8636 or email: CSaxtan@CampusRealty.org Campus Realty 336-3900 4-6-5-5 Vintage 2-story, 5BR/4BA on 2 gorgeous wooded acres. Mins to UF & vet school Breezeway connects antique 2BR/2BA in-law-suite to vintage 3BR/2BA home. $349,000. Call 262-9131 4-9-5-5 FUrnishings BED -QUEEN -$100 ORTHOPEDIC Extra thick, pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 will deliver. 4-25-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE -$75 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352377-9846 4-25-72-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT -$350 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $2300. 352-3727490 4-25-72-6 BED -KING -$170 PILLOWTOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588 Can deliver. 4-25-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. Ail new still boxed. Cost $1500, sacrifice $550 352-333-7516 Sofa $175 Brand new in pkg 333-7516 4-25-72-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail.Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1400 (352) 372-7490 4-25-72-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Call 352-377-9846 4-25-72-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-372-8588 4-2572-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. New, in box. $140 332-9899 DINETTE SET 5pc $85 Brand new in box. Never used. 352-377-9846 4-25-72-6 **BEDS -ALL BRAND NEW"" **Full $80 Queen $100 King $170** Orthopedic pillow-top sets. Brand name matching sets not used or refurbished. Still in plastic, direct from factory! 352-333-7516. 4-25-72-6 BEDQUEEN New orthopedic pillowtop mattress and boxupring set. Brand name, brand new, still in plastic with warranty Can deliver. $100 352-377-9846. 4-25-72-6 BedAll New King! 3pc Orthopedic pillowtop mattress set. Brand NEW, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $170 352-333-7516. 4-25-72-6 BEDROOM SET$300 BRAND NEW ,till in boxes! 6 pieces include: Headboard, 2 Nightstands, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-25-72-6 FUTON -$60 Solid Oak Mission Style. With plush mattress $140. All brand NEW still in box. Can deliver. 352-333-7516 4-25-72-6 Pool Table -Gorgeous 8" All wood table. Leather pockets, Italian 1" slate, carved legs. Brand new still in crate. MUST SELL Retail $5500. Sell $950. Can deliver 352-377-9846 4-25-72-6 Hot Tub/Spa -$1295 Brand New Loaded! Waterfall, LED lights, cupholders, 110-v energy efficient with warranty. Free delivery, MUST SELL 352-372-8588 4-25-72-6 Bed-FULL size pillowtop mattress & box. New, in plastic, warr. Can del. $80 317-4031 Sofa $185 Brand new! Love seat $150 still in pkg. Can del 352-333-7516 4-25-72-6 BEDS .FURNITURE e FUTONS LOW PRICES & LARGE SELECTION Dumas Discount 371-4422 1201 E. Univ. Av. New 0 Used 0 Buy S Sell 4-25-72-6 BED SETS CLOSEOUTS Sealed in plastic Twin sets $89. Full sets $129. Queen sets $149. King sets $189. 352376-0953 or 352-378-6005 4-25-72-6 Atit. 1V_3 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" it4 4% 

PAGE 19

TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 N ALLIGATOR, 19 Uoshings uters Computers I For Sale U otorycles Moped's MEMORY FOAMSame as Temperpedic Save 50% & more. Other closeouts. Twin sets $89. Full sets $129. Queen sets $149. King sets $189. Student discounts apply. 4370 SW 20th Ave. .376-0953 We Deliver! 4-25-72-6 OBeds OFull mattress & boxspring sets $49 Queen sets $89 OSingle sets$39 OKing sets $99 Ofrom estate sale. 376-0939/3786005 Call-A-Mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave. 4-25-72-6 BEDS FUTONS FURNITURE Quality furniture at reasonable prices. Morrells Furniture Outlet, 140 NW 6th St. 352-378-3400 Shop ONLINE at www.morrellsfurniture.com 4-25-72-6 OColor TV 19" $40 0 window AC 7500 BTU $60 0 nice sofa $75 0 queen bed $60 0 full bed $50 0 Aiwa stereo w/CD $60 0 old magazines Aero Digest 1945-53 over 50 $95 335-5326 4-4-8-6 Sofa & 2 Swivel Rockers Excellent condition $300. Buyer haul. 352514-7152 4-3-2-6 Computers CASH PAID For Laptops Sales/Service 336-0075. Power Supplies & Drives. Joel www.pcrecycle.biz 4-25-72-7 1 + Bmputer Ueell% 333-8404 Computer Help! Now! 4-25-144-7 1-8-118-7 Bic.2 I 8 :3 =2.211.210 .m 4-25-72-7 **Gatornerd.com** 0 Laptop/Computer Repair 0 We will beat any price! 0 virus, hardware, Icd, dc jack, more:. 0 Free Diagnosis 0 352-219-2980 0 4-25-72-7 COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-25-72-7 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" IFi =Rm I IIE Microsoft Certified Professional here to address all of your computer and home networking needs. Free estimate. References available. Don't hesitate. Call 352-226-5151 4-25-72-7 DATA RECOVERY & Forensic Analysis Professional, Reliable Work Law Enforcement Officer BS Degree, A+ Certified Technician DataTriangle.com, 352-231.3300 -5-15-73-7 *****ALTRICK COMPUTERS***** 0 Computer/Laptop Repair 0 Upgrades 0 Free Diagnosis 0 0 Will beat any price 0 0 813-918-7915 0 1215 NW 5th Ave 0 4-4-30-7 In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds NEW& USED BIKES FOR SALE WE REPAIR ALL BRANDS Best Prices in Town* SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W UNIV AVE (DOWNTOWN) 4-25-72-9 Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. Call 373-FIND. PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-25-72-10 For Sale Books by Bob Brackin Visit my website www.bobbrackin.com 4-25-72-10 UF SURPLUS EQUIPMENT AUCTIONS are underway. bikes, computers, printers, vehicles and more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: hftp://www.surplus.ufl.edu/online/ 8-15-96-10 Engagement ring for sale lct. round diamond ring, in white gold. Clarity VS-2, Color F, ring appraised at $6,600Must sell $3,750 OBO 727-560-6081 425-68-10 PLAZA JEWELERS 352-307-3846 Call now! Below Wholesale Diamonds -Cost + 20%!!! 1.01ct, round brilliant cut, G-S12 Retail $7200, PJ price $4450 EGL Certs. Guaranteed. 2,000 Diamonds 4-25-25-10 4 TANK KEG-A-RATOR with all hookups. MUST SELL $1200/01B0. Call Dakota 231-9226 4-11-10-10 Guys do you have women problems? Do friends go out when you're alone? Learn to approach women & have them chasing you. Get results www.straightAdating.com 4-13-10-10 PHILOSOPHICAL THINKER CREEPY BEARDED GUY Find a job before you outstay your welcome., Post-grad careers, part-time jobs and internships. Go online or text "CBcampus" to 68247* Amj L7 coM afrurrhilder r ** SCOOTERS ** RPM MOTORCYCLES INC SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-25-72-11 ***SOLANO CYCLE*** Scooters from $899. Largest selection from KYMCO, Daelim, Hyosung, Adly, Go-Ped, chini, others. 2 yr warrantees. 3550 SW 34th St 338-8450 solanocycle.com 4-25-72-11 *****New Scooters 4 Less***,** Providing excellent service and new scooters at great prices! 1901 NW 67th Place, 336-1271 NEWwebsite www.NS4L.com 4-25-72-11 ***GatorMoto*** We have moved to a temp. location as we await the completion of our new state of the art facility. We still have new scooters starting at $1199. lyr Warranties. We also service ALL brands of scooters. Pickup Available. Low Labor Rates. Free estimates. 376-6275 4-25-72-11 SCOOTER SERVICE New Scooters 4 Less has LOW rates and services on any scooter. Pickup/drop off avail. $19.99 oil change and tune ups. Call us! 336-1271 4-25-72-11 SWAMP CYCLES 534 SW 4th Ave. Largest Selection of E-bikes, Scooters, Accessories and More!! Best Prices and Customer Service!! www.swampcycles.com 4-25-72-11 Scooter Maintenance Packages! Buy all of your scooter maintenance in a 2 or 4 year package & save $! Check out NS4L.com or call 336-1271 for more info! 4-25-54-11 ***www.BuyMySCooter.Com*** Buy A New Scooter 0 Buy A Used Scooter All on one site! Check the website or call 336-1271 for more info! 4-25-54-11 **SHINKO SPORT BIKE TIRES** 190/50/ZR17 $115.95-180/55/ZRI7 $112.95 120/70/ZR17 now $82.95 (in stock + more) Michelin/Dunlop/Bridgestone/Metzeler/Pirelli www.rpmmotorcycles.com/tires 377-6974 4-25-36-11 BLOW OUT SALEM!* GatorMoto is having a huge sale on NEW '06 models. Only $899 gets you a brand new scooter w/ 1 YEAR WARRANTY! Only a few left at this price. Financing avail. 376-6275. 4-25-31-11 ****CASH PAID**** For MOTORCYCLES or SCOOTERS Running or not, Newer or Older (no junk pis) I will pick up. Call TODAY 352-441-0442 425-26-11 2007 Harley XL1200C Sportster 1500 miles. Pacific Blue Pearl. Asking $9200. Mint. Save Over $2000. Call 386527-9406 4-3-10-11 For sale 2004 YAMAHA R6 Blue. The bike has never been dropped. With 8000 miles. The bike has full micron system with 'V-stacks, slide stops. Price $5300 gcofieldd@yahoo.com 4-6-10-11 2005 UNITED MOTORS X-SPEED 50cc Scooter, low miles, great condition, $1050, Call Alex 954-804-2573 4-3-5-11 2006 KawaSaki Ninja 500R 2500 miles, excellent condition. Red an black. Very minor body damage. Pric, $,3800. 813-956-5468 4-5-3-11 Alutos FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CAROL *Running or not!* ONEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS OOver 10 yr svc to UF students OCall Don @ 215-7987 4-25-72-12 FW I 

PAGE 20

20, ALLIGATOR E TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 AutosW Wanted Help Wanted Help Wanted 'Help Wantd CARS -CARS BuySSellSTrade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-25-72-12 OVER 50 IMPORTS UNDER $10,000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.selectmotorcar.us 4-25-72-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! HONDAS, CHEVYS, TOYOTAS, ETC. For listings 800-366-9813 ext 4622 4-25-71-12 Grand Opening Sunrise Auto Sales 3630 N Main St. 352-375-9090 Buy Here, Pay Here 4-25-72-12 Sunrise Auto Sales 3630 N. Main St. 352-375-9090 No credit check Bring W-2s and Drive home today. 4-2572-12 Sunrise Auto Sales 352-375-9090 $2000 off all financed vehicles Warranty available Wide selection of vehicles 4-25-72-12 Sun City Auto Sales 2306 NE Waldo Rd 352-338-1999 Buy Here, Pay Here No credit check 4-25-72-12 Sun City Auto Sales 352-338-1999 Bring W-2s & drive home today Wide selection of vehicles $2000 off all financed vehicles 4-25-72-12 JUNK CARS HAULED AWAY! 000 FREE S FREE S FREE* FREEOO MUST HAVE TITLE! METRO GNV ONLY! CALL DON 215-7987 4-25-72-12 GATORMAX Used Cars Sale & trade www.gatormax.net See our inventory! 5-15-84-12 CARS FROM $291MO! Hondas S Chevys S Jeeps and more! $0 Down, 36 Months @ 8.5% apr. For listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9765 4-25-72-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING?** POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK? On site available. Call Steve 352-226-1973 4-25-43-12 2003 MITSUBISHI GALLANT 64K miles. Asking $8100. Call 786-208-0902 4-9-14-12 SATISFY A RAG TOP DAY Red '97 Chrysler Sebring convertible. 77k mi, great A/C, fair condition. $4000. Cal 618604-0433 4-9-10-12 Wanted THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY NEEDS VOLUNTEER DRIVERS Transport patients to/from treatments Must have valid driver's license, safe driving record & attend training session. Call 352-376-6866 ext 114 for more info. LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: Gold Diamonds Gems Class Rings ETC Top Cash $$$ or Trade OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY 373-9243. 8-1524-13 UF GRAD PAYS MORE for gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds,'guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell! Call Jim 376-8090 or 2228090 4-25-72-13 Buying jewiry, gold, diamonds etc. Top dollar paid. 727-560-6081 4-25-68-13 On going volunteer needed: Blind lady needs trans Sundays only to Mass @ Queen of Peace Catholic Church or St. Augustine Catholic Church. For more info. call 2196948 1 live in the Tower Rd. area 4-6-72-13 ASSISTANCE FOR BLIND LADY living in the Tower Rd area. Need volunteer companions for EVENING WALKS and SATURDAY MORNING TRIPS TO ANGEL GARDENS. Prefer females. Please call 352-219-6948 4-6-72-13 $ FOR BOOKS $ New, used, paperback & hardcover. I will pick them up -get them outof your way & pay you for your books! Call 352-258-8627 4-6-10-13 Help Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and Investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings Sthe independent florida alligattor RETAIL ADVERTISING MANAGER We are looking for a motivated, energetic and sales driven individual to train a student sales staff in outside advertising sales. Emphasis on building new business relationships and increasing existing client base. Newspaper ad sales background an advantage. Marketing experience a plus. The job is 100% sales. Modest salary, good benefits and excellent working environment. With resume, send cover letter that must include salary requirements for you to be considered for an interview. Send to: General Manager, The Independent Florida Alligator, POB 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604 Or email tcarey@alligator.org. No phone calls. EOE. the independent florida alligattor ADVERTISING OFFICE MANAGER Enthusiastic, positive attitude, detail oriented, organized individual needed to coordinate daily office procedures. Career Staff position. Must work well under pressure meeting daily deadlines. Possess excellent cutomer service skills: Duties include procedural training with a constantly changing student sales staff. Working knowledge of Microsoft Access, Word and Excel. Modest salary, good benefits, and excellent working environment. With resume, send cover letter that must include salary requirements for you to be considered for an interview. Send to: General Manager, The Independent Florida Alligator POB 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604 Or email to: tcarey@alligator.org No phone calls please. EOE LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, pers ref. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-25-72-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard working person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. ill train, PT to start with more hrs possible. Start at $7.00/hr. Flex hrs. Please call 495-9024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-25-72-14 CNA CLASS: $250! learn @ your own time & pace. All you need to be a 'CNA & pass the state exam is on VCR tape. I have a 95% PASS RATE! check it out: www.lapcnatraining.com or 800-566-4913 4-25-72-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081. Call now! 425-72-14 Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and IT neede d for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more 'at www.gleim.com/ employment 4-25-72-14 $$ STUDENTS GET CASH $$ For gently used brand name Clothing/accessories & furniture $Cash on the Spot$ SANDY'S No appt necessary! 2906 NW 13th St 372-1226 425-72-14 BARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-25-72-14 SECRET SHOPPERS Needed for evaluations of Local Stores, Restaurants and Theaters Flexible Hours, Training Provided Call 1 -800-585-9024 ext 6264 4-25-72-14 GATOR DOMINOS $12 -15/Hour DRIVERS $6.67 -$7.40/Hour INSIDERS $8.35-$9.40/hr MANAGERS in training Apply online at www.gatordominos.com/jobs Or at any of the 6 locations. 4-25-72-14 Gator Domino's is growing again. We are looking for career oriented team members. Now hiring Assistant Managers and future GMs. $8.35-$9.40/hr for Managers in training. GMs $40k+. Send resumes to Freddie@gatordominos.com or call Ann at 352-318-9650. Learn more at www.gatordominos.com 4-25-72-14 GREAT PAY FOR THOSE WHO STAY! Park Place Car Wash is looking for hard workers for all positions. Cashiers (fullday availablity) & line workers (AM 8:30-1 & PM 12-6 shifts avail) 15-40hrs-your choice. Great work environment. Apply in person. 7404 NW4th Blvd. Across from Home Depot. No calls please 4-25-136-14 POLITICAL CALL CENTER Phone reps needed ASAP for Political Campaigns. Base hourly rate + bonus, 371-5888 ext. 111 or 4112 NW 22nd Dr. 425-72-14 EARN $60 THIS WEEK! Donate Plasma & Save a Life $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ Best part-time job you'll ever have NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St 352-378-9204 4-25-72-14 000 SOCCER COACHES699 needed for GSA rec and camp youth teams. Experience required. License preferred for comp. For info: contact@gainesvillesoccer.org or 379-5979 4-25-72-14 PARADIGM PROPERTIES Leasing Consultant, PT Sales & customer service exp. EOE, DFWP 220 N. Main; 352-375-2152 X301 x301 www.teamparadigm.com 4-25-30-14 Bureau of Economic and Business Research at Warrington College of Business Administration Survey Research Center Hiring Students and Non Students Hourly Rate ($7.50 -$8.00) Flexible scheduling Great Resume Builder Fluent Spanish/English Speaker Positions Available (352) 392-2908 X 105 4-25-72--14 Sales/Leasing Specialist Part-time and Fulltime professional sales positions in local managment co. Fax resume, cover letter & avail schedule to 352-376-6269 or email hr@trimarkproperties.com. 4-25-70-14 The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc. Publisher of the independent florida alligator ~ and IliatorilOrg announces the openingfor the position of Student Member at Large of the Board of Directors This unpaid position may be filled by a graduate or undergraduate student The application for this position is available at the reception desk at the entrance of the first floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Avenue, each weekday between 1 and 4pm from now until April 4th. Part of the application consists of short essays in answer to specific questions. Applicants should pick up applications far enough in advance to allow enough time to complete them by the deadline of 3pm by April 6th. More information is available for an applicant's mandatory reading at the time an application is picked up. Applicants should allow themselves 10 to 15 minutes of reading time when picking up an application. The applic2 !ion must be returned to the same office before 3pm April 6th. This is an absolute deadline. All returned applications will be copied and available to be read at The Alligator building prior to the selection meeting. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public, Friday, April 20th beginning at 2:30pm. Applicants must be present to be considered. Applicants must be currently enrolled, degree-seeking college or university students. Board of Directors applicants cannot be current or recent past employees or trainees of Campus Communications, Inc. Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer 

PAGE 21

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007E ALLIGATOR, 21 Help Wanted Help Wanted HeIp Wanted Help Wanted Help Wanted Attn Smokers! Earn at least $7/hr Smokers needed to participate in a study on decisionmaking & smoking. If interested, come to Rm 81 in the UF Psychology Bldg, call 3920601 x297, visit www.psych.ufl.edu/-locey/ smokers.mht for more info. 4-25-70-14 CASHl! Tired of sitting around with out it? Sit here & make it! UF FLORIDA REPDIALS seeks UF students to raise funds. Earn up to $8.00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedule. Apply at 105 NW 16th St. 4th floor. Academic Classroom Building 105 or call 392-7754 for more info 4-25-69-14 GATORSNEEDJOBS.COM Paid survey takers needed in Gainesville. 100% FREE to join. Cllick on Surveys. 425-66-14 400+ Counselor/instructor Jobs! 3 Coed Summer Camps in PA. Travel Paid. Top Salary. Cool Nights & Warm Days! 1-800-488-4321 www.lohikan.com 4-25-55-14 Summer Jobs 0 $2100 Co-Ed Camp Seven Weeks Room and Board Included Get Paid to Play! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs male and Female summer camp Counselors Ages 18 and up. FEYC is an overnight camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL The camp runs June 4 -July 22. Please Contact Krys Ragland at 800-523-1673 ext 251 or 352-669-9443 ext 251 4-25-61-14 Earn $2500 + monthly and more to type simple ads online. www.DataAdEntry.com 4-25-60-14 *Dancers Needed* For adult entertainment company. Make $1000+/wk. Flex schedule 378-3312 4-2553-14 PART TIME CLEANERS No experience necessary. No weekends' Flexible daytime hrs. Excellent pay. $10/hr. Clean vacant apts. Call 378-8252 4-1240-14 SUBWAY OAKS MALL Happy energetic fast reliable honest people. No hot greasy fries, no grease traps. Call 305-773-3592 4-25-40-14 Camp Counseldrs Needed at Camp Wekiva in Wekiva Springs State Park, AApopka, FL. A Sleepaway, Environmental Camp Boys -June 16-30 Girls June 30-July 28. Contact mj.meherg@worldnet.att.net 4-12-30-14 Ladies Be Your Own Boss!!! Moms Helping Moms Earn Residual Income!!! Set Your Own Hours and Days. Need extra cash? We can help. Please visit our website. www.athomeiam.com 425-34-14 SUMMER JOBS City of Gainesville Parks/Rec Dept. is now hiring for seasonal recreation and aquatics positions Competitive pay in great work environmental Apply online today at www.cityofgainesville.jobs (352) 334-5077 7-31-55-14 PIZZA HUT Now hiring. Drivers. Part time & full time. 5004 NW 34th St. 373-7733. AppJy in person. 4-25-32-14 SHIFT MGMT $7.25 -$9.25. You are in charge. You make the call. Food service or retail exp a must. Fax resume 384-9911 or apply in person @ any Pizza Hut. 4-25-32-14 GatorMoto. Looking for energetic college students who want to make commission based sales. Job openings avail now. Potential to make up to $15K this spring/summer. Work your own hours! 376-6275 for more info 425-28-14 Rapidly growing telecom co seeks SALES ASSOCIATES for outbound telephone sales. High energy and will train. Call Charles at 376-4803 EOE 4-13-20-14 HUD PROCESSORNEEDED Flexible schedule. Full/Part time. Training provided. 800-490-5260 4-3-10-14 You deserve the best -and so do we! Come join our team of the best caregivers in town. Gain experience working mith the elderly. Must pass 3 bkgd. cks. PT/FT. $7.75/hr. Call 331-8253 4-3-10-14 Growing Real Estate Company looking for web-design intern. Fax resume, Attn. Jenny at 352-505-0310 or email to Jenny@cornellre.com 4-10-15-14 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED The 31st Annual GATOR TENNIS CAMP is now hiring good tennis players for the four weeks in June. Only quality players with very positive personalities need apply. Excellent pay, working approx. 9 hours per day. Camp is held on UF Campus, in the Ring Tennis Complex and the Flavet Tennis Courts. If Interested, please call M. B. Chafin, Camp Director, at 392-3538 between 10-5 daily, or in the evenings at 376-8030. If no answer, please leave name and phone number. 4-17-20-14 $12.50 Per Hour Starting Proven ad sales prof. w/a strong ability to close. (Bonuses/ Commission) FT, Permanent. Benefits after successfully completing probation. Email resume to: sdavis@lesterpublications.com 4-10-15-14 Part Time Work for Full Time Pay Need a 2nd Job or Extra Income? We Need Good Sales Reps! PT Evenings, $7-10 per hr, Pd Wkly, Experience a Plus. Leave Message 352-377-2573 4-3-10-14 Tutor needed for 2 10-year old boys. English & math. Only college grad or PhD students majoring in English, math or engineering need apply. Start 4/15-Summer. 3-5 visits/ wk. Fax contact info & resume 373-4491 4-3-10-14 Child care Provider Starting May after school pickup. Full time from June to August. Must be energetic, great attitude & enjoy children. Required: nonsmoker, swimmer & outdoor activitiesPlease call 317-0625 to discuss details. Job location near Haile Plantation 4-3-10-14 CAMP NURSE Wanted for private Wisc boys camp. 6/16 -8/12, 379-7366, camphighlands.com 43-10-14 NANNY For 3 & 5 y.o. to accompany us to familyowned boys camp in Wisc. 6/16-8/12, 3797366, camphighlands.com 4-3-10-14 MASTER CONTROL OPERATOR (PT) weekends & overnight. Operate tech equipment, record program feeds, maintain logs. Computer skills required. Entry level position, will train. Fax 352-371-9353 or email resume to hrdept@mygainesville.tv DFWP, EOE 4-3-10-14 WANT TO WORK IN ORLANDO? LIKE THE IDEA OF WORKING WITH OTHER UNIV. OF FLA GRADS? GREAT SALARY AND BENEFITS PACKAGES AVAILABLE.Please email resume to Access Control Technologies at sales@acfflorida.com for interview. 4-3lf'-14 TEACHERS NEEDED Imagine Learning Center 371-5450. Taking applications from reliable, creative individuals who enjoyworking with children 4-1720-14 CHEMISTRY POSITIONS IN FOOD RESEARCH LABORATORY. Chemistry experience required. Instrumentation experience helpful. Please email resume to kathyb@abcr.com 4-3-10-14 HELP WANTED Full & part time. No experience needed. We will train. Apply in person: Pinch-a-Penny behind Home Depot. 4-4-10-14 BARN HELP EXPERIENCE NECESSARY Cleaning stalls & feeding. Some mornings. Hunter Jumper/Crosscountry Farm 20 minutes from UF. Will trade for lessons or boarding. Call 359-4149 4-4-10-14 Brand new mother -run co. looking for nurturing caregivers with flex scheds for child care in area homes. Call 331-5233 or www.OnCallMoms.com 4-6-12-14 General Maintenance Looking Glass Apartments Full (/w experience) & Part-time Call 376-1111 -111 NW 16th St. 4-5-10-14 MOTHER'S HELPER NEEDED for household chores & child care. $8/hr to start. 10 hrs/wk. 379-0619, leave message. 4-5-10-14 HANDYMAN NEEDED for odd jobs & yard work. 10-20 hrs/wk flexible work schedule, some experience required, $10/hr. 379-0619, leave message. 4-5-10-14 TCBY Now hiring friendly faces at Thornebrook Village store. 4-25-24-14 AU-PAIR wanted! German family with 3 kids (8,5,3) + 1 dog seeks a female, non-smoking Au-Pair for 12 months begining Aug 07 in Hamburg, GERMANY. Work experience with children required! Please e-mail: ca.koch@freenet.de 4-19-20-14 Real Estate INVESTOR SEEKS TRAINEE No experience needed just desire to learn 8k-16k monthly potential CALL NOW 1866-333-7013 or reply investment-solutions@hotmail.com 4-5-10-14 VET EMERGENCY/CRITICAL CARE HOSPITALS SEEKS FT, PT TECHNICIANS. Night, weekend shifts. Located in St Augustine and Daytona area. Please fax resume to 904-794-5072 or 386-252-0206 4-13-15-14 Play based preschool is looking for On Site Director, Teachers &Assistants. $8-$1 5/hour + benefits. Exp or edu required. PT/FT Must love kids.Call 377-2290 4-6-10-14 NERO'S ITALIAN RESTAURANTE Now hiring exp. servers, counter staff, buser person, & catering delivery person. Please apply at 5240 NW 34th St. Across from YMCA. Call 2-4PM 372-7430 4-20-20-14 SALES CONSULTANT Telemarketing business to business. Base and commission. Warm leads. Benefits. Send resume to hr@gleim.com. www.gleim.com 4-9-10-14 NETWORKADMIN. Linix. SOFTWARE DEVELOPER Java. PHP. SQL. Delphi. FT/PT. Flexible hours. Send resume to hr@gleim.com www.gleim.com 4-9-10-14 CASINO'S PASTAAND PIZZA now hiring delivery drivers, pizza makers, inside help including managers. More experience-more pay. Join our team of HighRollers; we bet you'll love us! 352-672-2808 4-9-5-14 Donor Scheduling Representative LifeSouth Community Blood Centers has part time opportunities for energetic and team oriented people to help maintain the community blood supply! Pay is $8.50 per hour plus a competitive incentive plan. All applicants must be available to work evening and weekend hours. Apply at LifeSouth Community Blood Centers, 4039 Newberry Road, or call 224-1740. Background check required. EOE/DFWP. 4-10-10-14 Donor Scheduling Representative LifeSouth Community Blood Centers has Full time opportunities available for energetic and team oriented individuals to help maintain the community blood supply! Compensation is a bane hourly rate plus a competitive incentive plan and fall benefits. All applicants must be available to work evening and weekend hours. Apply at LifeSouth Community Blood Centers, 4039 Newberry Road, or call 224-1740. Background check required. EOE/DFWP. 4-10-10-14 RECEPTIONIST -PT/FT $7/hr plus, handling inconing/outgoing calls, positive attitude/dependability a must, call now 372-6697 4-3-5-14 Family Business looking to hire sons & daughters as animal care technicians for reptile breeding farm. Must be responsible diligent. & able to follow directions. PT/FT Start $6.75/hr. Call 352-495-3075 4-3-5-14 Receptionist/front office assistant for Dermatology office. Must have excellent organization and communication skills. FT M-F, 8-5 Insurance/retirement benefits available. Medical office experience desired but will train motivated person. Fax resume to 352-332-2966 4-3-5-14 BABYSITTER NEEDED FOR THE WEEK of April 15-20 from approx 7am until 1pm. Babsitter can be available for all or some of these days. Please call 281-8200 4-6-8-14 Customer Service Rep PT positions available. Computer savvy and Quickbooks experience is a PLUS. Weekends are a MUST and Willing to train. Ask for Sandy 335-4681 4-11-10-14 CALICO JACKS OYSTER BAR Now hiring for kitchen positions. Apply in LIVE-IN HOUSEKEEPER/NANNY person 3501 SW 2nd Ave. 4-4-7-14 5 times/week. Email deia05@ufl.edu or 786859-6965 4-3-5-14 LANE BRYANT STORES PT sales assoc needed now -for our new Gainesville store. Call 352-873-0051 4-2320-14 CUSTOMER SERVICE REP for local telepohone company. Flexible hours. No nights or weekends. FT/PT available. Call 372-2051 for appointment. EEO 4-25-22-14 NANNY FOR AFTERNOONS. M-F @ 1:30 / Wed @ 12:30 20 brs / 2 kids / summer & Fall Noah's Ark Nanny; e-mail resume, pix, schedule to gnv@nanoneope.com 4-2522-14 NANNY FOR NEWBORN TWINS M, T, TH; 20 hrs/wk Noah'sArk Nanny, e-mail resume, pix, schedule to gnv@nanoneone.com 4-9-10-14 A br Now Hiring New Grads! Interested in a Great Career in Sales? Naylor, LLC, located here in Gainesville, is currently looking for highly motivated, goal-oriented people for positions in advertising sales. Our next class starts May 21! We offer a very comprehensive paid four week professional sales training program, to help you become prepared for an exciting job in Sales. Check us out! To apply, visit www.naylor.com 4-11-10-14 PAID MARKETING INTERNSHIP! Naylor, LLC is interviewing now for paid PT marketing internships for the summer. Intern will create market plans, conduct industry research and manage research library. To apply please visit www.naylor.com 4-11-10-14 Horse farm Alachua/High Springs area. 20 flexible hours. Must be able to use tractor, bushhog and chainsaw, handle horses, $7/hr. 386-462-9943 or 352-871-2524 leave message. 4-11-10-14 KISS 105.3 FM SEEKS PT RECEPTIONIST! Mornings or afternoons Monday through Friday. Apply in person at 7120 SW 24th Avenue Gainesville, FL 32607 or email resume to INFO@KISS1053.COM. EOE. 4-25-20-14 KISS 105.3 SEEKS STREET TEAM MEMBERS! Drive the Giant KISS BoomBox, set-up broadcast equipment, interact with listeners. Entry level postion. Will train. Apply in person at 7120 SW 24th Ave. Gainesville, FL 32607 or email resume to INFO@KISS1053.COM. EOE 4-25-20-14 LA FIESTA NOW HIRING WAITSTAFF, HOSTESSES. Apply in person 7038 NW 10th Pl. Anytime between 2 & 4pm. 4-11-10-14 DELIVERY DRIVERS up to $12/hr. KITCHEN HELP $6.75/hr. CALIFORNIA CHICKEN GRILL 378-2442 4-25-20-14 Experienced Housekeeper/Nanny for one year old baby about 35hrs wk $7.50 an hour Spanish or Portuguese speaker ok email: deia05@ufl.edu 4-4-5-14 PT MEDICAL BILLING POSITION Daytime hours required. Send resume to 6400 W. Newberry Rd. #301 Gainesvillc_ FL 32605 4-12-10-14 PT MEDICAL OFFICE WORK Evenings. Computer & patient contact. Send resume to 6400 W. Newberry Rd. #301, Gainesville, FL 32605 4-12-10-14 Great opportunity for psych, special ed or applied behavior majors. Gain experience in autism intervention w20 yr old. 1 yr commitment. Contact 256-2002 for details. Fax resume to 375-4268 4-12-10-14 Experienced Dental Front Desk Fax resume 375-4268 4-5-5-14 PT CAREGIVE/ASSISTANT Needed to help lady in wheelchair with daily tasks. Flexible hours. Please call 505-3717 let ring. 4-5-5-14 Fortune 600 Company in Jacksonvile Florida CIT Group, Inc. (NYSE: CIT) is experiencing significant growth and seeks candidates for positions in Accounting, Finance, Customer Service, Collections and Sales Support. To learn more, please visit the career section of our website www.cit.com. EOE 4-5-5-14 GREEK COMMUNITY liaison needed at Ben & Jerry's Gainesville. ($8-11+/hr) Must be extremely outgoing, dependable & eager to learn. Work will be within & outside of stores. Email resume & class schedule to pete@gainesvillesbesticrcream.com 4-65-14 Ben & Jerry's seeks outgoing individuals with transportation. Must thrive in a fast paced working environment and appreciate cleanliness and orgaization. Average $8-10/hr. Email resumes & class schedule to jen@gai nesvillesbesticecream.com 4-13-10-14 Now hiring FT counselors, PT drivers & PT front dest staff for SUMMER DAY CAMP. 352-378-8664 www.girisclubnetorg. Positions open as soon as April 16. Must be commited through August 17. 4-13-10-14 

PAGE 22

22, ALIGATOR E TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 Help Wanted Segia HealhSrvice 43RdesRds Tired of Going to Class? Start Your Very Own Online Business Today! wwiSixFigureProgram.com 4-25-18-14 GRADUATING PREMEDS ONLY Clinical Assistant for full time patient care. Will train. Email resume, MCAT, GPA to Dr. Levy afn22025@cox.net 4-25-18-14 Orange and Blue Textbooks is hiring Summer Rush Help. Looking for people with register/ customer service experience. Also looking for'shipping & handling staff and management staff. Contact the manager at the store location, 309 NW 13th Street. 4-25-18-14 OFFICE ASSISTANT FT outside/inside versatile, loves to read, enjoys words & language(s). Excellent computer skills. 1 yr+ commitment. Resume to: 626 NE 1st St. 32602 or PaulSRothstein@yahoo.com 4-13-10-14 BRIDAL CONSULTANT Solutions Bridal FT/PT + Commission Fax Resume to: 352-374-7293 4-16-10-14 OPTOMETRIST ASSISTANT Needed for busy office 20-30 hrs/wk. No exp needed -will train. Fax resume to 352-2480692 4-9-5-14 Volunteer for Money Participants needed for one-hour focus group. Must be 18 years or older and a freshman at UF. Have consumed 5+ drinks in one sifting in pant 2 weeks. Completely CONFIDENTIAL. -Will receive $20 UF Bookstore gift card and free pizza. Email gatorwell@ufl.edu with subject line Focus Group Volunteer. 4-9-5-14 GENERAL American Campus Communities is one of the nation's largest developers, owners and managers of high-quality student housing communities. We led the industry to a new plateau in 2004 when we became the first publicly traded student housing REIT (NYSE: ACC). We 'currently have a Bookkeeper and Leasing Manager opening at our student a. .ment community located ih Gainesville, FL. You'll enjoy a dynamic, fast-paced work environment, the best people in the industry and a benefits package with options to meet your needs. Qualified applicants must be able to pass a background/drug test. EOE. Apply online: www.studenthousing.com/ company/employment.asp 4-9-5-14 ASSISTANT GENERAL MANAGER A student apartment community, located in Gainesville near the University of Florida campus, is currently seeking an Assistant General Manager. In this role, you will assist the General Manager with all aspects of the operations of the facilities, including supervision of the leasing staff, marketing, and residence life. Qualifications include previous experience in multi-family housing, excellent communication skills and a strong customer service orientation. We offer a competitive salary/benefits package with a growing company and opportunities for advancement. EOE. Apply online: www.studenthousing.com/company/ employment.asp 4-9-5-14 ATTENTION SMOKERS Do you want to quit smoking? Smokers are needed to participate in a smoking cessation study. You may be compensated for your participation, If interested call 392-0601x650 4-9-5-14 SERVER POSITIONS AVAIL Ivey's Grill. Apply Tues thru Fri @ 3303 W. UnivAve after 2pm. 4-6-4-14 Business Office Assistant PT. Detailed oriented candidate will assist with fiscal, event, and general office duties for O'Connell Center. Contact musson@ufl.edu. 4-5-3-14 WOMEN'S.BIO-MEDICAL RESEARCH CO. Half-time position. Female only. Grad student or najor in engineering, sciences, nursing, health ed. Fax 1 page resume to Mary at 375-6111 4-16-10-14 IMPORT AUTO REPAIR.BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-25-72-15 HYPNOTIST-Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Eliminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self-hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079. 4-25-72-15 EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The countryclub for horses & owners. Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath. 250' x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump paddock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 matted stalls, 19 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-5913175 everglade-eqestrian.com 4-25-72-15 Want to be a CNA? Don't want to wait? Express Training Services can get you certified under 3 wks! Hands-on esp, no videos. Day/eve/mkend avail. Next class 3/12/07. Class sizes limited. 338-1193 for details. 4-25-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-25-72-15 TLC HORSEBOARD All facilities & amenities: quality instruction. 15 min from UF. Jan at 376-7762. Greathouse Equestrian Center. 4-25-72-15 IMMIGRATION LAW Marriage Visas -Employment Visas Naturalization. Richard Ruth, Esq. 352-335-6748 www.ruthlaw.com 4-25-72-15 AWARDS & PERSONALIZED GIFTS Plaques 0 Name Badges 0 Cups 0 Etc. Best Selection In Town www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 5-31-44-15 MATH & PHYSICS TUTOR First hour FREE. 10 years of experience. Bilingual. Call Francisco at 352-494-8582 4-10-40-15 ** GREAT BANNERS & SIGNS*** Custom Posters 0 Exhibits Awards Top Quality Fast 0 Service 0 Low Prices www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 5-31-44-15 HORSEBOARDING -1st Class Facility. Hunter ring w/rubber footing, crosscountry course. Horses fed 3x/day. Prices are $275-$400/mo. Hunter/Jumper lessons avail. 20 min from UP. 359-4149 for info. 4-4-10-15 TutorGator.com Search tutors for all UF and Santa Fe courses! Exam reviews, problem solving sessions, get the help you need! 4-20-20-15 PRISTINE CLEANING Move in. Move out. Anything and everything gets clean. Call 352-283-6820 4-3-5-15 Health Services All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-25-72-16 UNPLANNED PREGNANCY? Confidential, compassionate adoption advice. Expenses paid if needed. Choose lifel www.america nkidzadoption.com FL lic. # 1105-002-000 (727) 823-1537 or toll free (866) 525-3057 4-25-72-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $119! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199 4-25-72-16 ONLINE COUNSELING Licensed, PhD. Additions, Food Issues, Depression, Stress $35/hour. hftp://www.Dr-is-in.com 4-25-72-16 ABORTION/ABORTION BY PILL (RU-486). IV Sedation, Student Discount. Well Woman Care & Birth Control Bread & Roses Women's Health Center www.breadroses.com 352-372-1664 4-25-69-16 There will be a meeting for SURVIVORS OF SUICIDE Those mho have lost a loved one to suicide Wed, April 4th from 6:30-5:30 pm at The Alachua County Crisis Center at 218 SE 24th Street, Gainesville, Florida. Call 264-6789 if you have any questions 4-4-5-16 PERSONAL LABORATORY TESTING Any test available. Local collection site Secure, confidentail results directly to your PC. Highly discounted. No appointment necessary. www.medlabusa.com 4-25-19-16 Pers~onals ANONYMOUS HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) FLASHBACKS HAS MOVED To 509 NW 10th Ave. We now have parking! We pay cash for clothing. Since 1986 3753752. 4-25-72-18 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-25-72-18 SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480 4-25-72-18 If you would like to CONTRIBUTE TO BUILDING A HOME FOR HOMELESS SCHOOL CHILDREN in our community, please call Ken at 352-339-1746 4-25-29-18 C ections Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love Evet Notices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! CALICO JACKS OYSTER BAR 2-4 Tuesdays' 2-4-1 Happy Hour All Day AYCE Wings $9.95 4-3-1-20 EntertainentZ WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 486-2255 4-25-72-21 Rocky Creek Paintball In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better Call 371-2092 8-9-72-21 musiC-down-loads.com Over 1 billion files Music, movies, games and more. See Movie Demo 4-25-17-21 GMG TRANSPORT 23 Yrs. as the Official So. Fl. Bus Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $45 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.GMGTRANS.com 4-25-72-23 JACKSONVILLE INT'LAIRPORT and Beaches -5 daily trips. $40 ONE WAY or $65 ROUND TRIP RUNWAYS. Travel Better. www.rnwy.com 800-578-6929 4-25-72-23 SIGNATURE SHUTTLE UF -Jacksonville /Airport UF -Orlando /Airport $32.00 Each Way No Hidden Costs 352-214-8778 4-25-26-23 T H E MOLD. Advertise in the CoUntry's largest College newspaper. With a daily circulation of 35,000 and a daily readership of 52,000. reach the Gainesville college communi C C2 0. 0 ty. -.----. 0 (D CD 03 :3 rL :3 0 C U) CD K) (n CD !i 0 0 0 CD CD CLASSIICATIONS, (Chekone) 1. For Rent: Furnished -2. For Rent: Unfurnished 3. Sublease: House/Apt 4. Roommates 5. Real Estate 6. Fumiture/Household items 7. Computers -8. Stereos/Electronics -9. Bicycles -10.l. For Sule -.Mopes/Motorcycles -12. Autos _-13. Wanted _14. Help Wanted _15. Services -16. Health Services 17. Resumes/yping Services _18. Personals -19. Connections .20. Events/Notices -21. Entertainment -22. Tickets -23 Sides -24. Poso .1.25, LoSst A Fud U MASTERCARD Q VISA EXP.OATE CREDITCARD# 0 CO ~0 70 01 4 0 71 0 171 0 U) C-H a I I I I U U I OI I 1 0 > Z IM m IT! xl) -H OFFICE USE ONLY Sp. Chg. CASH -CK Rec. By RATES (Circle One) 1 Day.$6.00 2 Days. .$11.00 3 Days .$14. 00 4 Days .$17.00 5 Days. $20.00 Additional Days $2.00 each .Days = $ Additional Lines $2.00 each line, each day I I I I I I I Add'[ Lines = $ Lmm m m m m m m m 6n m m im Em 

PAGE 23

TUESDAY, APRIL 3, 2007 0 ALLIGATOR, 23 Donovan, players celebrate second championship with families ATMOSPHERE, from page 1 Celebration. Oh, how adept these Gators have become at celebration. As the buzzer sounded, Al Horford chucked the basketball higher than a major league pop fly. Walter Hodge leapt into Chris Richard's alms. Assistant coach Larry Shyatt attacked UF athletics director Jeremy Foley with a bear hug capable of fracturing vertebrae. Noah catapulted his black sneakers into the crowd of 51,458. Then the Gators remembered that standard postgame procedure obliges the winner to shake hands with the loser. But the chaos ensued afterward. Noah hopscotched through the fracas, sidestepped the scorers table, careened through sports writers, hopped the guard rail, shuffled through an orange and blue tempest and found mother Cecilia Rodhe. The two hugged so sincerely, so vivaciously that Noah left his mother trembling with tears forming gentle streams through the creases of her cheeks. "You have no words to describe this feeling," Rodhe said. "It is between pleasure and pain because it is so strong. I remember taking Jo's hand and picking him up from basketball when he was 6. This is beyond me. This is beyond life itself." Meanwhile, nestled directly in the midst of Ohio State's student section stood a cheering 52-year-old man who looked disturbingly out of place. He wore a T-shirt horizontally striped in orange and blue as he gripped with his right hand a sinilarly shaded pompom. "We beat them in football and basketball and they brought their girlfriends and wives and we'll probably take them too," said Jim Rozier, who attended Gators football games as a child in the '60s. "Florida should annex Ohio because we own them." UF's players eventually climbed aboard the podium that anoints champions with a treasured trophy. "History -two in a row!" Brewer exclaimed. "Maybe three in a row?" The crowd began chanting "BILLY" for UF coach Billy Donovan. Donovan's father, Bill, swung his head back and forth like the pendulum of a grandfather's clock in its prime. "It almost sounds like they were chanting, 'Reggie! Reggie!' at Yankee Stadium," Bill said. Two scores of people ahead slouched Christine Donovan, Billy's wife, who fought back tears. "Nobody knows how much work and sacrifice went into this," she said. "The good Lord has blessed us every day and we thank Him every day for this. This was much harder. I'm so relieved." And Foley -he was weeping, too. "They (Noah, Horford, Brewer) came back for a reason," he said. "Exclamation point." Where does this team rank among the greats -the UCLAs, the Kentuckys, the Dukes? "They're just very very special -as good as anybody," said John Thompson, former NCAA champion coach with Georgeto and current CBS sportscaster. "What is special is that their juniors stayed. And then the fact Tim Casey/ Alligator Staff UF men's basketball coach Billy Donovan kisses his son Bryan while hugging his daughter Hasbrouck after the national championship game on Monday. that so many talented players played together -Billy deserves all the credit because that's not an easy thing to do." Noah, Horford and Brewer may very well bolt for the NBA. Yet you got the feeling their ride was more than worth the price of admission. "Tonight," Noah said, "was crazy." Gators key on defending 3-point line The rest of the game played out in the same manner. Humphrey, who became the NCAA Tourney's all-time 3-point leader Saturday night, tied his school record for single-season 3-pointers. Men's Humphrey hit 4 Basketball of his 7 attempts against UCLA to accumulate his 113th 3-point shot. UP's frontcourt was just as responsible for swinging the momentum. Chris Richard and Horford slammed dunks on more than one occasion, altering the noise in the arena to an earsplitting level. The Buckeyes relied heavily on Oden, but not even the 7-foot giant's 25 points and 12 reHOOPS, from page 10 Corey Brewer and Green each sank a 3-point shot within a 2-minute span to extend UF's lead to 11 points with nearly 4 minutes left in the first half. Every time Ohio State made a dent in UF's lead, the Gators would either sink a 3-point shot to put the game a little more out of reach. The Gators did a stellar job on defending the 3-point line as well, limiting Ohio State to 4 from 23 behind the arc. "It's not that we couldn't make a three," Ohio State center Greg Oden said. "We couldn't get over that hump. We got that 11-point deficit in the first half and we just couldn't get over it." GONZO, from page 10 be king, basketball now has as many championships as the gridiron. UF isn't building basketball traditions any more -they're well established now. Three Final Four appearances in eight years and back-to-back NCAA Tournament titles are casting a shadow from the O'Connell Center to the Swamp. And it's all because of four players who decided they would make history. Now it's Donovan who is the face of UF athletics, not the football coach. Donovan will eam more than Urban Meyer come this week, whether at UF or Kentucky or the NBA. Athletics Director Jeremy Foley's exuberancebear hugs and held-back tears-no doubt will transcend into a 2-million-plus extension offer. Did you ever think that would happen? Donovan has four players to thank for it. Four who challenged norms and what is thought to be right. These four will be the reason future starare bounds were enough. "They've got a bunch of weapons," Oden said. "(Monday) they were just on. They can shoot it, they can drive, and they can score inside. They are everything you want in a team." Brewer finished the game as the Final Four's Most Outstanding Player for his combined 32 points and 10 rebounds. "I'd give (the award) to each and every one of my teammates if I could break it apart," Brewer said. Joakim Noah confirmed the team will be arriving in the same condition they did after last year's title game. "The Gator Boys are hot again," Noah said. judged. The grounds for the question "why not stay m college basketball?" And they know it. "We proved it, man," Green said. "We proved we're the best. No one can hate anymore." So is this the end of UF's '04s, the best Gators team ever? All signs point to yes, but that's what we all thought last year. No matter what happens from here on out, this group of Gators will forever be heralded as UF's finest and one of the most historic in college basketball, too. They gelled perfectly, each the ideal complement for the other. They came from different backgrounds, under different economic circumstances and from different parts of the world. But between the lines you would have never known. They did what most wouldn't. And they accomplished what most never have. The '04s just completed the best two years in UF sports history. Why not do it all again next year? Junior adds 3s to arsenal BREWER, from page 10 issues. Ellis has diabetes and has had his left leg amputated three times. "The decision was never about us," Glenda said, holding back tears. "It was about what was best for Corey. I can't say I knew this would happen again. But, man, did it ever." It was after last season's tournament title that Brewer and his teammates -Joakim Noah, Al Horford and Taurean Green -were forced to decide between staying in college or opting for the NBA, where a million-dollar contract awaited. But they chose to stay, with the sole reason being Brewer, whose finances didn't match that of his teammates. If one went, they all would have, UF forward Joakim Noah said. "I love Corey," Noah said. "Staying at Florida speaks volumes about the person he is." Brewer's decision seems to have worked out just fine. He was thought of as mostly a defensive player.before this season, but used the extra time to sharpen his skills. Brewer developed 3-point range this year, and exemplified it against the Buckeyes, converting three times in the first half from beyond the arc. ESPN has him as a projected No. 8 selection in the upcoming NBA Draft, should he choose to forego his senior season. Brewer declined to speak about his future. "I'm just going to enjoy this," he said. "That's the last thing on my mind." But one thing that was talked about -over and over by everyone -was the commitment Brewer made last April to his team a and his school. Monday night, UF guard Taurean Green recounted a meeting with Brewer after last season's title. Green said Brewer never once spoke about himself -just what was best for his team. "He made a sacrifice," Green said. "And it all paid off." Flinging his arms in the air, Brewer cut his piece of the net during the championship celebration. No regrets here, he said. "This is all I wanted," he shouted to teammates. "I'm taking this home." 

PAGE 24

24, ALLIGATOR M TUESDAY, APRIL 3,2007 Gators doom Buckeyes with 3-point shooting N UF HIT 10 SHOTS FROM BEYOND THE ARC. By LOUIS ANASTASIS Alligator Staff Writer Ianastasis@amligator.org ATLANTA -Double team Al Horford, Joakim Noah and Chris Richard and weep. It's a plan doomed for disaster, the basketball equivalent of suicide. The Buckeyes tried it, failing miserably, of course. The Gators, their guards open all game long, zapped Ohio State with 10 3-pointers. Lee Humphrey sank four while Corey Brewer and Taurean Green nailed three a piece to help the Gators capture the national championship for consecutive seasons. Humphrey scored 14, Brewer had 13 and Green added 16. "We just knocked them down," Brewer said. "They were just leaving us open, and we knocked them down." UF makes you feel helpless. You think you have them cornered, and that's when their shooters hurt you the most. "It was real deflating," Ohio State's Ron Lewis said. "You try to make a run, and they came back every time." Like that time during the second half when Greg Oden swatted UF's Chris Richard. But there was Humphrey, waiting for the loose ball on the right wing. He fired, he swished. That replicated itself every time Ohio State threatened. Like that time when the Buckeyes had trimmed the lead to 66-60. Yet there was Green to respond with a dagger from 3-point land. Against UCLA, Humphrey became the No. 1 3-point shooter in NCAA Tournament history, surpassing Duke's Bobby Hurley (1990-93), who had 42 threes to Humphrey's 47. Humphrey also leaves UF as its best 3point shooter in school history. He amassed 288 3-pointers to Breit Nelson's 274; and that's after a quiet freshman season. But lately, his consistency has driven opposing guards nuts. Last season, Humphrey made 113 3-pointers, tied for the second-most in SEC history. This season? He hit 113. Meanwhile, Green has found a different gear during tournament play. He burst onto the scene at the start of his sophomore season when he was named MVP of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic. He garnered the same honors later that Men's season during the SEC Basketball Toumament. After scoring 17 against Butler and 21 against Oregon, the NCAA awarded him MVP honors of the Midwest Region. But while Humphrey and Green have been snipers since anyone can remember, Brewer has not. Recently, he hit a stretch when he made just 10-of-44 threes. Last season, he was a 35 percent 3-point shooter. Which makes his recent rainmaking barrage so much more surprising. He's drained seven threes the last two games, enough to garner Most Outstanding Player of the Final Four honors. His calling card is defense, so you can imagine what his outside shot does to defenses when he's hot. *1 ~A*~C~' CiA. CC'o C' S., 'C CC' V UF junior forward Corey Brewer hits a 3-pointer during the first half of the national championship game on Monday at the Georgia Dome in Atlanta. BOOKSTORES www.ufl.bkstr.corn Museum Road & Reitz Union Drive UNIVERSITY of FLORIDA ollett'com fVONLINE. ON CAMPUS$ A-; A~. V AC' i 
