
PAGE 1

Growling For A water r Gatorland 1iator Sunshine State's Largest Weekly ircloth UNWERSTY OF FLORIDA A AINESVILLFLIDA Accepts omination; Love FRIDAY, APRIL L1949 Withdraws ,n Milyn Overby ected By Award Gainesville Happy Over Selection Of Florida ant As1949'Miss All-American Freshman' By Scott Verner Brother Bud, Pop Larry, and Mary Overby were wearing broad hi week when I visited them in their comfortable home at ast Court Street. 4w' daughter, Marilyn, ATO contestant in the local Premiere Queen ad just been named "Miss All-American Freshman" in a nation-wide contest. Marilyn, of course, was smiling e. Like something I know hap. pens to people, but I didn't think it would happen to me. I can't express how I feel, but inside .. Good night!" the sweet, unaffected beauty reflected. A few hours earlier, the people of Gainesville and students on the University of Florida campus had been proudly slapping each other, on the back with the glad news Atlanta Symphony orchesthat a local girl had been selected =&r the direction of Henry by 20th Century Fox executives will present matinee and and judges in New York as Amereonce is at the University ica's top freshman coed. in the University audiThis wa the healthy climax cnc.tatteto a story that started here tnder the joint sponsorship of about a month and a half ago. *k Division of Music and the LyAt that time, the ALLIGATOR ismcouncil the symphony has received a telegram from a Holobeduled one performanLe for 4 lywood press& agent who asked clock in the afternoon admitting Editor Ted Shurtieff to name wb school pupils tor 50 cents and the colleges in the country with for a dollar, and a second the most beautiful coeds. And rance for, :15 in the evening. 257 editors across the nation who he young Atlanta symphony were asked to do th same, put from a dream of music-I 'ing the University of Florida in the dUuens and patrons of Atlanta top 12. That entitled us to a preJqo the mqst highly recognized mere here of Fox's "Mother Is symphony orchestra in the South. A Freshman," and the right to ,3t working its way toward naenter a contestant in the nationfame. al contet. And now, Marilyn, sat year when the Atlanta our entry, has copped first prize. v made its debut on an The victory entitles her to a nation-wjde hook-up, connumber of national prizes, includtiaons were received from ing a $100 check and a free trip to Coast. trip to Hollywood this summer. heir appearance here will be Particulars on the prizes hadn't Go only one in Florida and, acbeen received at press time. *de'g to Alvah A. Beecher, diMeanwhile, in 4e Overby home ptorof music, it probably will be the sound of popping shirt buttons ally out-of-state symphony orwas conspicious. Mr. Overby, the to spear in Florida this type of man who fits the picture painted by most Americans as a for the matinee performproudness over his daughter's na4* purchased in advance typical father, tried to hide his to thaDivision of Music tional suceaw with doses of nylafdetity. ly-credible fish stories. The balding father of "Miss Freshman,' who runs a shoe shop in GainesYthv rans villeexclaimed. "Boy, did I have a time at the store today!" Mrs. Overby, who looks is if she Chosen could win a few beauty contests herself, was economical with her comment-"I'm very, very proud." Cam pus Bud dropped in and out of the house so quickly with one of his 7 f Party nominations for cohorts that he couldn't be reached candidates in the coming for comment. t Body elections were voted And University Officialdom, 4ftin a nominating convention also justly proud, had a few ,4 Wednesday night in Benton choice words of tribute. UniverRa)i Faircloth received the ofsity President J. Hillis Miller "Mad Do ation fcevethe Campus mused, "I think It Is a high Snomination of the Campus h honor for Miss Overby andgfor te1 for the presidency of then Wet Body. Faircoth's nomithe University -a University so ition followed his previous ac.young in its coeducational life. Ua Ce of the nomination a I'm happy to observe that Marlh"eldf tearlierintenata yn's a member of one of our Ai* his nomination Faircioth permanently chartered sororities 'get emphasizing the need for on campus. (She's a Kappa DelParticipation in student govContinued On Page TWO and extra-curricular acby the students. He stress111e fact that these activities' WEATHER PERMITTING bxIprtant training for the t for success in later life. n e M an, Campus Party nominated S r ino SmIth for the post of prnsdent of the Student He is now in Law School For Outdoor D *A absence from the camT for several years. Time, weather, and manpower p : fSt Evans' nomination for be distributed somewhere on the $so'eta-ytreasurer of the StuPlaza of the Americas, according Body was approved by the ness manager. Continued On Page TWO "We want to get away from our L ~., .n ... 'Y JrL ,*e&: IP, AD "; 7 .-Fi .1 Photos Courtesy of Cypress Gardens Queen Pictures Available Pictures of the contestants for Premiere Queen are now in The Alligator office and may be picked up at any time. eager Plans istribution ermitting, the 1949 Seminole will campus grounds, possibly on the to Marshall Criser, Seminole busicoped-up room in the Union basement," said Criser, "and members of the staff hope that a system of distributing Seminole's at centrally located points can be worked out." Seminole Editor Bill Henry said "We are making good progress, and expect the printer (Rose Printing Co. in Tallahassee) to meet the cA)ntract date set for May 15." Henry stated that several completed signatures (16 consecutive page units) have been sent to the printer. with postage bills sometimes totaling $17 per week. "The engraving," said Henry. "is being done by the Southeastern Engravers in Atlanta. When the engraving proofs are returned from Atlanta." Henry continued, "they re pasted on ruled dummy sheets together with the copy and the headlines, and are then sent to the printer, who makes up th page to send back to the Seminole office for a final check." ".-% e are using 241 signatures, or 392 pages in the 1949 Seminole," declared the editor. Asked to compare this with last year's book, Henry said: "The 1948 seminole had 463 pages, but only '700 pictures; the new yearbook MEET THE CANDIDATES Union Will Sponsor Parade, Ball Tonight Politicians, Complete With Police Escoirt, Will Exhibit Themselves At 7:30 Toniglt* It may be April Fool's Day but the big political parade and Political Ball which will be held in the New Gym tonight is no joke. Both events are being sponsored by Florida Union Social Committee with the cooperation of the three political parties and the excitement will begin at 7:30 p. m. with the parade. After forming in Lovett's parking lot the parade will head west and end at 12. Edmunds has a fairly down University avenue toward new band and from all reports, he the campus. A motor-cycle police is qualified to fill the office toescort will lead the band and Fullnight. The band will take an iner-only-knows how many politipermission at 1O p. m. and it will cans down to the road leading to be then that the candidates will the gym and then to the dance be in t e c t which will be free to all those who beNintroduced. attend. Nominees for the top five ofJohnny Edmunds and his orchesfices from each party-Varsity. tra have been elected to reign over' Gator-All Student 6nd Campusthe entertainment for the evening. will be introduced and each candiTheir musical tern will begin at 8 date for president will be allowed to make a three rhinute speech for his particular campaign. This 'will give everyone at the dance an Coeds On Top opportunity to see 1;he candidates, in person and hear them speak. an In GadeRaadvantage that has been limited to a few in past years. Ani rsiDecorations for the dance will At U iverityfollow the political theme and Coeds have been at the Univereveryone can dress according to sity of Florida little more than a his or her particular, political senyear but already they are setting, timents if they wish. the pace for the men in grades. I Cokes will be on hand for reA recent tabulation of students' freshment and to loosen tight and grades at the institution for the parched throats. And it is rumored first semester of the current school that refreshment stands sponsored year shows non-sorority women by the parties might be put up. maintained a near "C" plus averEverything is point:Ing towards a age to lead all other groups. big time and lots o' fun for everyIn the language of the Univerbody. sity this group has an honor point average of 2.4457 of a possible 4.0. The numbers 4.0 would represent the very rare straight "A" averRecord Exam Applicants age. Being str Close behind the pace setters is NowBe g esered the average for all women enrolled Registration for Graduate Recat Florida at 2.4420. All sorority ord Examination is now open women averaged 2.4328. and will close at noon April 14, Sillm further down the line is .John V_ .f.i++. i'r.i4. G=AS Pa rty Nominations Completed i The Gator-All Student Parl rty completed the nomination of its entire slate for the coming spring elections Monday night in room 212 of Science Hall. Executive Council representatives are as follows; Arts and Sciences. Dick Wolfson, Gene Lathrop, and Joyce Kerzen: Business Administration, Mitty Adkins and A. J. Ryan; Education, Gerald "Hap' Hazzard and Harold Chastain: Forestry, Harold Mikell; Physical Education, Carey Pafford and Mac McKinnon; and from Pharmacy Aaron Perlman. Student President Bows To Campus Party Urgings By John Baker Campus political fervor reached an all-time high Wednesday wih a student-instigated rally in 'front of Florida Union at which tm Earl Faircloth, present president of the University of Florida St adent Body, accepted the nomination for president for next year. The rally Wednesday night was the climax of a "Draft Faircloth" 300 Openings 'Now Available in Scholarships There are approximately three, hundred ,vacanciesexisting among the total number of Lewis, House and Senatorial Scholarships for which white students may compete, which will be filled by a competitive examination on Monday, April 11, 1949. Practically all counties and /or senatorial districts in the state have vacancies. Examinations will be given in each county in the state. A student does not necessarily have to take the examination in his own county. University students may take the examination in Gainesville. It will begin at 9 a. m. on April 11 In the auditorium of the P. K. Yonge Laboratory School. Those planning to take the examination in Gainesville are requested to notify the Scholarship Office, 120 P. K. Yonge, in order that adequate facilities can be arranged to take care of all students. Persons other than those on the college level at which the vacancy now exists will not profit :from taking the exa(mination at this time. Lists of the existing vacancies may be seen on the Bulletin Board by Room 118, P. K. Yonge Building, Room 120, P. K. Yonge, the Dean of Men's Office, and the University College Office. Persons wishing to take the examination anywhere in the state may secure an application blank from th Office of the Alachua County Superintendent of Public Instruction on the first floor of the County Court House Building of from Boom 120, P. K. Yonge. This blank should be obtained as soon as possible, inasmuch as it contains instruetions relative to supplying a medical examination report and a birth certificate. House and Senatorial students receive $200 per year: Lewis Scholarship students, $400 per year. House and Lewis holders must pursue a course of study which prepares them to teach in the public schools of Florlda. They must teach, subsequent to graduation, for at least the number of years that the scholarship is held. Senatorial holders must pursue a course of study that prepares them for one of the following types of work in the State of Florida: Teaching in public schools; social welfare work: 'public health work; of for employment in a technical or professional capacity with municipal, county, or state offices, commissions, boards, or bureaus. They must engage in this type of work in Florida, subsequent to graduation, for at least the number of years that they hold the scholarship. Additional information concerning the shcolarship law and examination may be obtained in the Scholarship Office, Room 1j0, P. X. Yonge. Grad Invitation, Announcement Orders Taken Orders for graduation announcements and invitations will be taken r~~lariliduv, IM I Blake McIlwain and Al Gamthis afternoon and every afternoon next week, Monday through Frimage received the nominations for day from 2 until 5 o'clock in Flofreshmen and sophomore reprerida Union lobby, Senior Class sentatives, respectively for the President Jack B. Humphries anHonor Court. nounced yesterday. Humphries also urged all stuOther Honor Court tepresentadents receiving degrees June 6. tives are as follows: Architecwho are interested in making ture and Allied Arts, Ted Gottplans for a graduation dance, fried: Agriculture and Forestry, c 1 as a night to be held In nLeonI "Slick" Man (G-AS en Florida Union at 5 p. m. MonLeon "day. dorsement); Arts and Science and June invitations will be similar1 Pharmacy, Floyd Kaufman and to those used in February except, Myron Gerber; Business Adminisfor the cover design. The simple folder type cost 15 cents each, I~e tration. Dick Nord and Ray Bulembrossed white booklets with lard; Law School, Phil Anderson; names of all candidates for deEngineering candidates will be grees 30 cents, and the blue! nominated by the Engineering leatherette cover souvenir type Council. booklet 60 cents, Humphries said. Bud Sohngen was nominated to All orders must be placed andI complete the sophomore slate for paid for by Friday, April 8, Huimthe Executive Council. I phries emphasized. movement that was touched off last week when several stulontS met to discuss the candidates fur the presidency and decided that Faircloth would be the ideal candidate for the position. Faircloth had earlier declared that he would not run, but this group of students formed a new party, to be called the "Campus Party", with the drafting of Faircloth to the student body presidency as their ultimate goal. Petitions were passed among members of the student body. At the time of the rally there -wer over 2,000 signatures on these petitions, which declared that the signers of the petition felt that "Earl Faircloth, the present president of the University of Florida student body, is the most qualified candidate for this office," and by virtue of their signatures they demanded the drafting of Earl Faircloth for this office." A parade of students with banners demanding the drafting of Faircloth marched from the corner Ea.l Faircloth of University and Ninth Street to Florida Union. where Fairclot h was brought from his office and declared that he would accept the nomination. Police estimated th crowd was composed of about 2.00 students. In his acceptance speech Faircloth stated that "this enthusiastic public expression of confidence is the greatest I ever hope to receive. In the face of these circumSam Love stances, I can only accept the nomination in deepest humility." After the applause of the crowd had died down Sam Love, Varsity Party nominee for the presidency c'amfe forward and stated that he would support Faircloth in the election and that he was withdrawing from the race. In his withdrawal speech Love said, "I feel that the best service I could b to the student body and student government would be to withdraw and support the most qualified candidate for the job. I feel so strongly for student government that I knew there was only one thing I could do. Mhen Earl accepted the nomination I knew what the best thing I could do for the University and the student body. I feel that Earl can represent ws most adequately and in such a manner as to reflect great credit in the University of FlorIda, your Student Body, and Sstudent government." After the rally the Varsity party nominating committee met an'] officially endorsed the nomination of the Faircloth for the presiden( after the withdrawal of their orinal nominee from the political race. Dorms Ready By FallI By "Hap" Hazard Two new Girls' dorms will be ready ior occupation by Septem-: ber of this year, according to their University Architect Office. A third dorm. is scheduled for comthird dorm. The bids on this dorm are still out. Total estimates on these dhree buildings may vary slightly as boiding costs rise or fall. One of the newest techniques is h n A ,aus 4dinthese dorms is the crete which is commonly used in most construction work. Breaking away from the old Gothic-type construction of the buildings on the campus, these dorms are low and long. They will rive a horizontal .ffvt America's Number One Freshman Girl , .--a i I I I *'l 40P .?~,--e 

PAGE 2

I OfficesTo Be r Filled, Polling P aces ,'H PLORIDA ALLIGATOR -FRIDAY-,APRIL Announc Student Body To Choose 71 Officers At Election 'I i-~ I ji ~ 01 4-' Along W1th beIkt band hm&Inr6 bills, ex-paratroopers Lew Vickers ers jokingly replied "That is what and Tommy Thompson, Varsity is known as jumping to a concluParty members, will float oote thesion." drill field at 8 pam. WdiNday. Life Magazine has been contactThe proposed puc J'uZZP ed. and may send a representative the 1*suEt a t rit .St to cover the parachute jump and that twre mint enwug t mvel efeettons. ttand Eed&" 0 9UpIOItS tIAlthough this will probably be elections awynor, as there were the first time that party leaders befon the war.have literally gone up in the air ro de AOWY the over political campaigns. some un"ave s Viks a T P usual stunts have taken place in SOM "gr Nd tt MO the Psmeflite the past. )b I6 uSdtd ftt COUMW, CStrange costumes, use of am@hum a Ow Gae 06WteudInt mals. and performing services for p"ty if sG 1W WkM to jump the students to win votes were s. AA 0M Cb er rEPEd "I'll common before the war. 16t VUsfy Party dO lthe One Spring a student dressed -t'in a Santa Claus costume walked m p Wi be made from a' around the campus with a large lght plan mfolowng a short pollsign on his chest reading "I've. tical rally of the Varsity partYcome early this year to vote for". Whn Sf What wevid happen if Then there was the student who Aft prebUtt Ied to opex, Vickreally went all out for his candidate. He shaved his head, painted IVote for ." on the back of it, Que" M ril" and sat on the front row in all Qens clales. Co.twe lrom Pag ONE One enterprising aspirant for of~ ~ ~ ~ b I flee bought several ducks, tied them in a circle around a pole. and Af 1 et l pand placed small signs on their necks 'to, .UsYwWIay of Inor1d&" reading "I'm quacking for." OMeO fWo 1 11'1 -eryn Once a candidate employed a D.r., q 01 U ft s vory fte o to shine the shoes n .f any andm isek that One 4 .flest student who wished to take adu Js vantage of the service. ~ a irl s SeI* lwesyto h.akg Another time two students dressed In striped convicts costumes le Uh M MM.gave a performance on the xylophone for the benefit of prospective d" bodIy Ama100Aptly proudi oters. nt W Ul has W Jt eby It now looks however. as if exA a 0=9M MWcit bth paratroopers Vickers and Thompvamowse.& Thim son will outdo all of their pred"j~ft joas.tt e W hIMMO eMUIY cessors. Commenting on the pur11 C amgh.t pose of the unuscai political leap. 09 Vhiftd --s come = 6 .o Thompson said "If we can instill a greater interest in the coming elecT20 GNUMeInvlk S's Uisto~on tion and a record vote Is obtained. W a Awtia WUWi as by a then we will be well rewarded in bOCSd of JSt ONP d Ct aduserving the University and the i4"em 5t5are, m "d Cltb-wostudent body in a small way.' Uft ft New TW 0ty. 3lual Elmaatm was hO result of pto. Sra e ma ett by aeh Conteurphree Sets taUi. MWOyerbspctures IncludOd SWU INA&d at Cypress Gor* &W ae omr rlxfPope -Recital Sunday f d -P1f WtAIrir n the na-ien -1 ce ws M5 Mae For his regular monthly recital. Ha g-A w Cofthe UWrMUGy Tex-to be given In University Auditoraa, "nd tmr p elaf Wint to Claire IM Sunday at 4 p. m. ClaudeI Molzea. of Syracuue Unisveretty. Murphree. University organist, anMarilyn be" otbv laurels too nlounes the following program: -shfwas runner-up in the rePrelude and Fugue in A minor, cent AzaleS Queen Contest ad Boehm: Elegie. Peeters: Suite for' Is also winner of the ckatmOrgan. DelamarterChorale PreOpen teerShlotloftwnponship lude. Hassler: Scherzo -nd Fug'e. for wmen. Diggle: Romag to Franck. DigAnd here's a word to the wise: gle: Winter Twilight, Scherzetto "MiSN All-American rehMrn Us and Song (f Sleep hy Walton, no special hoy friends. he blushs' Chartre, Pur-Is. 'uhe right on@ just hadn't come All students and friends are inalong yet." vited to attend. whem cam I get hi touch with "My boy friendI you A "V n hundred times last "i '1 hwt w; ru rather tikCan you beat that las"' "Not me, babe. I'r Getting ready to cheer on Florida's Fighting Gat ors to victory on the gridiron are the cheerleading squad. Kneeling are (left to right) Muriel Jones. Jer ry ('ollins, Winkle Saunders. Ie Robinson and Jeanne Stafford. Left to right standing are Jimmie Foster, Tom Allen, B ll Rutledge. head cheerleader, Dayton Lode, and Fred Davis. Not pictured Is 8andy Freed. (Photo ky Progress Test Progress test in C-12 will be given Tuesday at 7 p. m John V. McQuitty. University Examiner. announced recently. Students whose last name begin with A report to Building E. room 189; B-D to University Auditorium; E-F to Agriculture 104; 0 to Building 1. room 101 or 107; H to Agriculture 108; I-J to BuildIng E, room 188; K to Building E. rWNf 175; L to Peabody 101 or 102; M-O to Chemistry Auditorium; P to Peabody 2. 4 or 5; Q-R to Science 101: S to University Auditoriarm: T-V to Building E. room 179; W-Z to Science 212. PERMANENT HOUSING MajoriyO To Live In Di Long-Range Plan Will Pi For 60 Percent of Studel .' J. J. According to long -range plans stty Business Office, 60 percent of t living on campus in permanent d dorms now being built are complete be housed in permanent campus ui kissed me a night t? m tired." For Beftr Publications olect to your Board of Student Publications John WILLIFORD Jack FORTES Bob WEATHERLY Experienced, Capable, Dependable VARSITY Western Auto Associate Store FROM COAST TO COAST The SI4 of the Circle Arvw MernsI ept. 50%.00 Guaranteed Auto Parts Acceris Use owr senpmlebt ,opv0. .m,. V. owr seoab bodgetp.,. chin.-POW "a e Autmenstie "Paote u VISORS Instant warnjug If lamp Los out pi 500 'Jeweled" A4#o ROMRAT 5 25 Dr. Irving Rouse. %%orld's outstanding archaeologist of the 1ex Indies. will speak here Tuesday at 8:30 p. m. in Chemistry 101. He al being sponsored by the Sociology Club and the Florida Anthropologica Society. WEST INDIES AUTHORITY Outstanding Archaeologist To Speak Here Tuesday Dr. irv lg Rouse, the world's outstandrn; auithinrtv --n t4C arha ology and anthropology of the West Indies. will he on the campus o the University April 5. At 8:30 p. n. he will speak. under the auspices of th, Florida An. thropological Society and the University Sociology Club. on the sub ject "Indians of the Caribbean". -The lecture. to be delivered in Science 101. will be illustrated and Optimist Club Forming the public is invited to attend. On Florida C Dr Rouse. editor of American ampus Antiquities, leading journal in American Archaeology. is asso-A is now form ciate curator of the Yale Niing t the Unversity Richarl H seum. and associate professor of Whitehead. assistant registrai ha anthropology in Yale Univerity. extended an vitat to an He has done outstanding research male in Haiti. Trinidad and Cuba, and faculty member or member e has been decorated by the Cuban the administration to jomin government in recognition of his The purpose of the ulirb White work there head said, is To or-k wirn voun Rouse has studied in the leadboys, setting ip n orth.'-nie orr ing museums of northern Europe. n fr and has published numerous schograms for yung people Their slo larly monographs and articles. A gan is 'Friend of the Bov' recent issuer of Timne magazine carried a lengthy article dealing with his work the most outstanding single publication being his Portable Electric Prehistory in Haiti. While on the'campus Dr. Rouse will confer with New Motor students who are working on archaelogical research rn this vicin0 New Sew Lqht nityew I --.--------=--.0 New Control Shoe Repairing Unsurpossed Workmonshc, I New Case Rebuilt Head 5-yr. Guarantee TOSPICE UP CAMPAIGN Politicos To Parachule On amps Wednesday Low Ydws And Tommy Tmpson Will Give Their All For The Varsity Party At 5 p.m. Jim Grove). _ ummer 3IIIr Dr Alton C Morris of the University has been appointed to the Faculty of the Harvard Summer School for the 1949 summer sesHe will teach the following 6 B courses in the Department of English: "American Folksongs and Open to both men and women. 1 the Harvard Summer school will provide Facilities offer over 150 courses in the art. nt Eiody sciences and education. Faculty of the Summer School will include Shapiro 70 members of the regular Harrecetitly announced by the Univervard Faculty and over 40 distinhe student hody will eventually be guished professors from leading ormidories As soon as the seven American and foreign schools and ed 25 percent of the students will unjversities. nits as compared to 11 percent at Well known Harvard professors teaching at the Summer School inThemrt Ielude President James B. Conant 7he four men a dorms under conof Harvard: Prof. Harlow Shapstrudtion will be ready by Februlev. Director of the Harvard Colary. 1950. While departing trom lege Observatory; Prof. Alfred D the traditional campus Gothic doe Rim nJ in EU .diw ti .Pjtj IILl-mpson, n racein: ror. Wijsign. the exteriors will be of the liam Y Ellb tt. in Government: samtp color brick as older campus Prof Perry G. E. Miller, in Engbuildings. lish: Prof. David Owen. in Historv, Each dormitory will have A and Prof. G. Wallace Woodworth beatitfully -appointed spacious in Munic. lounge. one wall of which will be Other distinguished processors modeOther distinguishediprofersoros made of glass. This wide strip of and educators include Dr. Earl .1. glass will go up the side of the McGrath. U. S. Commissioner of building and will snirve to illumiEducation: Prof. William White nate with daylight the public study Howells of the University of Wigroom on eeJi upper floor. consin: Dr. Edward H. Graham of The dorms will be connected so the U. S. Department of Agriculthat it ''rll not he necessary to ture. Prof. Gilbert Walker of the leave the building in going from University of Birmingham (Engone to another, Every dorm Will land ; Prof Alfred B. Harbage of have a game and self-service laimnColumbia, and Prof. Albert Guerdry facilities in the basement, and ard Sr. of Stanford a large outdoor patio. There will Opening on July 5. the Summer b limited eating facilities iprobSchool will offer courses on an Ably fountainn and grill)I for the eight and six weeks hasis. Courses dormitory group. and the now-unin arts and sciences wll run for der construction Student '1ervire eight weeks and elementary c'oursCenter w'ill be located equally diss in education for six weeks. All tant from the new men's and womcourses carry full credit toward en's housing areas academic dogreeq. HAS 38 MEMBERS Executive Council Is University Legislature Bi .J1argaret Jennings When the polls close after Spring Elections April 7 ArpproimatpL 38 students will have been selected to Assume "lutres of EXecjjtiv Council members Before a person (in he a candidate for this office he mii full itain qualifications required by the t'niveri'srt tine 'r tution. He must have maintained l a "C" average for his total college natives each from freshman work which shall exceed two sena rn testers except in the case of and sophomore classes. This is freshmepn He mutst hold no other done (onl a propwrtirlnal basis. office in the .4tulent hodv'. clas FlIed tIde(IL. tsak office or subsidiary organizations having MLI 13. If a "acancy occurs after aFall Electrons the electron or apf Xective Connil Is;the legislative body of the University. It% powers-include impeachment and enact-ion of laws of the Student Rody. It also has the power to charter subsidiary organizations. to require student pirlilcatlons to pirbllsh notices and information it deems nece ,ary. and to order dinbursement of funds amounting to *'50,000 per year. This group is the sole judge nf elections. returns. and qualifications of ien. It determines its! rules for proceedings. and punishes its members for disorderly conduct The Student Body President is the president of Executive Coincf1. while the vice-president is Councilman at large. and the Seeretarv-Treasurer is secretary. The president and secretary are not allowed to vote Executive Council in composed of members from Architecture and Allied Arts. Pharmac3, and Forestry along with members from other colleges and reprec Sewing Machines 49.N50 $2.00 Down I ErA I. .poinnrnent.if;left to thr discretion of the Student BodY President "What kind of Ire-s did Betty wear to the party last night ?", "I don't recall All the detail. but I do remember that it wAs checked, "Golly'That m110 have e-en party' In accordance with Article IV. Section 2.rand Article v. Section 3, of the Constitution of the Student Bkody of the Ujniversity of Florida, t-here is to be a general student body election on Thursday. April 7. 1949. The following offices are to he filled: 1. Student R(sd president, vice president. and secretary~rea5-kiFr'. 2. Athletic Council i total 5 president. vice president. secretary and two members. 3. Lyceum Council 1 total s president. and four members. 4. Board of Student Publications total 3 -three members only. 5. Seminole .editor and bus'ness manager. 6. Orange Peel --editor and Nusiness manager. 7. The "F" Book -editor and Business manager. A. Executive Council -(total -One member from the SAlton Morris INamVIeEd Harvardt ei f A Je coaw nmt s Viat* NEW FORMULA WITH4 VINA'TOL .orks wonders in the looks of your hair. It looks natural. it feels natural. .. ind it stavi n I i~' 'I I'.' 4 I IL School of Forestry and o.member from the College of Pharmacy; two members from each of the following Colleges: Agricullure. Fdtrcatiof, Physical dacation, ALrchtecture and Allied Art-s.and Law: three members each from the Colleges of Arts A Sciences. Business Adfn l%tritlon, and ngneerin eight members fron the Freshman class and nine members from the sophomore class. 9. Honor Court (total 13) chancellor, clerk of the Court and one justice from each of the following: Agriculture and Fore'stry (tomblined), Architecture and Allied Arts, Education. En.gineering, law, Freshman class, and Scghomore class; two are to be elected from each of the following: Business Adinilt ration, and Arts and Sciences and phariaQy (combined). in accordance with Section 2. of the ELECTION LAW8 of the StludoLnt Body Constitution, the ingle transferable vote shall operate in the following manner for the election of the president. vice president, and secretary-treasurer of the Student Body, the chancellor and the clerk of the Honor Court, and the elected officers oi TH 1K SEM1NOLE. THE ORANGE PEEL and THE -F" BOOK. da If no more than t o candidates seek anyI of the above alentioned offices te candidate receivIng the majority of the votes shall be elected. i If nore than t o candidLt;' seek any of the above mnIttioned of0iceS the other shall mIniate their prefeence or the repectVe candidates for that officet'by izarkIng alongside each I-Andidate s nanie thle nurn e' of his cl' rt' indicating first choxe,-'2indicating second choice, and so on. In no case does the voter s Ic(II or third choice atfect or etICIAct from their first choice caidrdatc. and the Iandidate recevdg a rliajoritv of the first ,1ore o es shal fe elected: proviopti tha, it no candidat! r ceivCO a iaJ')riy of the first cooce % otes, thl cadidate with the lowest nneinr of first choice vote. shail be eltiminated and his ballot utiinbuLte"j among thie remaining candidat"-' anr ,rding to the second choices mau a Wed irereon the second thuice ( otes thus dij.tributed LcoMM Ig Ii effcct firit choice votes and 01 equal force and cIfect. If no csnd1Ite vet has a miia olty ol tiHe I es, Ihe neNt Ic ":ion'h.oaIe -hu be terminated awn' h;i.s a hlt, I tri Mited, including any he mni. hve received from the prviou -n --tribution, according to th next choice indicated thereon. 'I his process shalh continue until one candidate receive. a majority of the votes. where~ipon he mbail h elected. Write-in votes shall he markI' with an -x" after the nanre. All polling places, Mith the exception of lA School, are to he on the street that runs heisneen the Chemistry and Science ulidings and which cuts through the Plata of the AmerIcas. Beginning at the most Vl est*rn end of the street, the (nIege of Agriculture, Phslal Fd'cation, Architecture and Allied Irts, plus the School of PoresIrY will occupy the first polling nlace (No. I on diagram): Arts and Sciences the second (No. 2 on diagramn ; and Education and Engineering the third (.o. 3 on diagram). Crossing Newell Street and still m aong fromn the Wet, Business Adminisla aion is to occupy the fourth polling place iNo. I on diagram: Sophomore class the i.h. I And rehr"an clas te sixth iNo. 3 & No. 0i ol diagram .La' School (No 7 on diagram. In case of rain all the Aroups at the first poling place are to rove into the downstairs hall in the A;r;(cultire Buildin; thou., in the second polling place, to the Chemistry Building; those in the third polling place to the Engineering Building, 1-tenton Hall: those at the fourth polling place, to PeabYA Fiall; and those in the fifth Arid sith polling places are to move into the Recreational Hall; those at the seventh polling place will move into thn Law uIlding Polling hours are to be from 9 a. m. to 6 p m. and the votes will he counted in the Recreational Hall that night under the supervision of the Chancellor of the Honor Court, Leon Whitehurst. ATO: "Don't worry about the woMj Nlothsr Il hav, a load on when I com in." -~L Lucky in l*v.' it's a gemiu 9d Keepsake from standing colle0I" famous name* plus our Own A tion assures a isuperb quality a matterwhatthko E'01 in today. See the made 'especitly t0 wide selection ol prices are avals& HEATHER MO0 I Also III100 404 Iinfplauinum 6O00 Weddlms Rimo See Us for watch, P 4LL WORK COP41 Crystals Finted Whilf I FWII DIAMOND NAIM Oh-h-h! it's a KeepW, from, oass Prong, Chro"o $182 Helps proveuv Sx p n i1 VP dama-e Adds beauty tool IS I I I I F, I I College f To Offer Courses Not': ITh e Coliege of P is eq UIP~ed to giea*at man811uf actu ring er courses in th I next September Charles Becker, -wr of pharmacy, W 14 courses. Three rom M addition to the macy building f lwan! plant and industrial Work to be done wil the manufacture ot tions. liquid prepaj preparing of effer"Su A e rding to Becker the college of pharna ing courses in this fl* acquaint and teach t how to prepare ph on a l)lot plant or ind It might also, he sa4I, the building and e pharmaceutical ind Isf Ida dnliI ()"course in the fl., offered to indergradU and one to graduate atw -ollfnge plans to offer a industrial pharmacy o said Campus Pary ('intinued From Pap 01, lIneetinK. HP Swas nomg prev1icoli meetIng of t&., party Tuesday night Th ie 'mprs Party ed hal Early' v.G-AS candid* chancellor 01 the How this position. For clerk6q Honor C~ ourt the CM" (dii not nominate a C21114 endorse one. Fric Wh'ttil pus Part cyalndidalte for of th h1, \-unCounoil a4 al; a newly-tormed p should not make it a re;1 ticer tov eyidosc cd~~, other r'i. In its plV-' 'orm and .;, the Campus party adS believes that public' should he kept out of therefore it did not nomijendorse any candidates tg cations posts or office& a# lp, 

PAGE 3

I AU~bVMfPUM% *31.1, ion National Sororities Will Be Installed At Ceremonies S This Weekend Host S.Joe, Groups m ~aeanational servPYed host to high from Port St. Joe d Jacksonville last Billy Cooke and qnduct'd the Port on a tour of the The tour int v ocational guid.iner Hinckley, a thi Regltratar's office, a library, new gym, enbsngar, and fraternity bouses. completed the tour in Union with a welcomA W. Sikes, president pI Omega. Dean Beaty w aspects of college life. ] Uoor explained the C ege System. Ed -dent of the IntersWence talked on Betty Chisolm, repat Women's Student saoclaton, about the .ps, and Al Schneia= Vof Port St. Joe, t student government. Atagets attended the: ad Blue football game 'orifda Relays. yte Landon students MaI.Ar tour of the cam. d also visited the Florida .Colony and the penal at Raiford. es Show y52 Campus litr. Association of waS host last Friday iinbat buders and six facof the University SmI6SOthe Better Homes at the Duval County r to a luncheon, the visitors esuewted through the BushftW fabricating plant and was spent at the It bioon in the Seminole ft sbWdsft' asked questions I sacl imposed of builders, apprisers, material Gorernmment housing *o*, president of Home I AFmaiInA of JacksonA m mI~Welcomed the stugbd tISch5 at the luncheon. Ba D, Ilag, faculty adbg *l' d student', spoke of Smote cooperation beand the University. Cowart and Raymond .charge of the tour t~b expluftIOn. him a.Installed Psident 140m Sunday 9 9sa0nge, Miami, president Sigma, scholastic soPUakSet of the Sophowas installed as presptit Student Union who will compose ISU0Mtve council for Year are Louis Edenlistment vice0eWhisenant, Palenlistment viceNash, Tampa, depresident; Julian associate devotiont; Sonny Park, social vice-presiWynn, Gainesville. uW vice-president; AvonPrSn presetave a Vbice, Training Union' John Evans, Nice-. director; Erling t. associate ex; Jeanne Lovett, ; Bob Noland, O Hap Pickle, Mi IIw tSmst Unlon News; ~!sMiami, publicity diS Byron, Belglade, asdirector; Winston Illaza, music director; Ot associate music -' R"ti Combs, Gainesi I OW director: Cecil Orlando, athletic direcHelms, Gainesville, MMteMntative: Dr. W. A. WVetatY Department of faculty advisor. Council Is the coand planning body of Student Union. It holds Oa s during which deat Made for the course be taken by the orJltwCollege hAumni Ball r1*dM$*lle Junior Col90aNor a formal dance SO Woman's Club from 9 p. m. to 1 Nhve invited all Junior College ets may be obZtChuck Hilty. 30. W phone 2-2736 in or at the RegissPECIALTY RIPTIONS A.,,,Dehvery Accent On Activities' By Mary Foote The undergraduate Engiish Club Is sponsoring a one hour version of the MGM proncution of Bomeo and Juliet Tuesday, 8 p. m.in Benton 201 ...English majors and group majors are invited .. after the b11k showing students will discuss formation of a local chapter of Sigma Tau Delta, honorary English fraternity. William Merrill of the Florida State Plant Board addressed the members and guests of the Newell Entomological Society at a meeting last Thursday night ...discussion centered on "Methods of Detecting and Disposing of Contraband Material." Two University debate teams will leave today for the Southern Speech AssociatIon tournament to be held in Waco, Texas April 4-6 ...Jordan Bittel and Walter Apfelbaum will debate as the Senior team .Two freshmen, Norman Roseman and Larry Hoffman, will debate as the Junior team .106 squads, Including four from the west coast, are entered. The Electrical Engineers are coming out from under the dynamos and stuff to gather for their big annual outing ...the event is planned for this Saturday afternoon, at Camp Wauburg and will include an afternoon of sports followed by a picnic supper ...faculty and student wives, guests and dates are welcomed ...ducats will be peddled by members of the department and the price stays at 50 cents for the components of the AIEE-IRE, and 75 cents for non-members. Cavalettes meet Thursday to complete plans for May Dance .. Joe Hale heads the new officers for the Soils Club assisted by V'ieePresident Bill Adams; Secretary-Treasurer, Robert Craig; Rorter, Henry Davis ...plans for activity include a fish fry for a club members, soil department personnel, wives and guests ...all soils majors or prospective majors are invited to attend meetings held every second and fourth Tuesday night at 7 o'clock in Ag 208. Robert Goette wasirecently elected Grand Alchemist of Gama Sigma Epsilon, chemical fraternity. ..other officers named were:I recorder, Mrs. Mabel Leonhardt: visor, Glenn V. Fuguitt; electron. James Vogh; herald: Mrs. Mae Fischesser ...Ag officers installed for the coming quarter are Ralph Jones, president; Marvin Hernden, vice-president; Oscar Lastinger, secretary-treasurer; Paul Pohl, reporter ..Louie Muraro entertained at the last meeting with his own accordian arrangements. ter Tampa Club will stage a dance during the spring h d. t the Centre Asturuana .twelve of Tampa's top athlet e four high schools will be given special invitations ... Via Vaccaro, Bob Gruetfmacher, Bob Hewlett, Frank Lorenzo. Denny Herndon, Hal Griffin, Marcelina Huerta, Fletcher Groves and Doug Belden will be introduced during intermission ...the next meeting of the club is scheduled Vr Tuesday, 7:30 p. m. In Language Hall. A Student Religious Association panel discussion will be held Thursday, 8 p. m. in Florida Union Auditorium ...participating in the discussion will be Reverend Thaxton Springfield of Wesley Foundation. i Reverend J. P. O'Mahoney of Crane Hall and Rabbi Gerald Engel of Hillel House ...admission will be free. Vernon Dryden. W4NIW, will speak to the Gator Amateur Radio Club Thursday, In Florida Union on "Single-Sideband Theory and operation. Dryden is one of the few amateurs In the state who has done any .xperientation In this relatively new field of radio communication, and his talk should prove extremely interesting to anyone intreeted in radio mad electronics, as well as to licensed amateur operators or "Hams." Mortar and Pestle Society will meet Tuesday at 7:30 in Chemisti\ 118 to discuss the proposed constitution ...The April meeting for the Broward County Club will be held Monday night in Florida Union Union directory will give further details .At its recent I meeting the St. Pete Club hashed over its plans for its all -dav beach party and barbecue to be held at Sunset Beach April 14 .i The Bacteriology Club will peer analytically through its micro-, I scopes at its new constitution Thursday at 7 p. ine. in Florida Union ...Alpha Phi Omega will question the campus in the near future in its oponion poll ...President A. W. Sikes asked that questions organizations would like on the poll sheet be placed in the APO box in the Union ...this service fraternity will meet Thursday to hold formal pledging and shuffle overssome plans. Paul Schoen, executive secretary of the Forest Farmers' Assoelation Cooperative addressed the cam us Forestry Club Thursday !evening on the cooperatives' work with forest land owners In 12 Southern states ..Alpha Kappa Psi. Professional Business Adiministraton fraternity, sponsored a clinic in office work simrplification and methods of Time and Motion Study Thursda) evening in Florida Union Social room the clinic wa conducted by C. R. Richards, Miami, and Merle Demin. Jacksonville, who represented ---0 -tni ni.end.Ain a neciflAXO, Phi Mu SK, ZTA Are To Be Recognized Education Frat To Be Installed .Here Tomorrow The new professional educational fraternity, Phi Delta Kappa,to be installed on the campus this week-end will have Dean H. W. Chandler extending the official welcome to the visiting national officers. The function starts this evening at 8 p. m. with a smoker in Florida Union at which there will be varied entertainment and refreshments. Saturday morning there will be a tour of the campus of all out of town Phi Delta Kappans and their families. There will also be a program for these persons tomorrow afternoon. Installation of the chapter and the initiation of the new members into this chapter will take place tomorrow evening at six at a banquet in the P. K. Yonge Cafeteria with Dean Chandler giving the official welcome to the newly installed chapter. The guest speaker for this ocGuests at the P1 Kappa Alpha Founder's Day Banquet were (left casion is to be one of the early to right) Dr. U. S. Gordon, national chaplain; Adolphe Vidal, initiated IAiembers of the fraternity, who into Golden Chapter with 50 years service; A. B. "Happy" Chandler, joined the Iota chapter at Harvard b"the spring of 1912, J. W. Norconuissioner of baseball and former "Pike" at the University of man, dean emeritus of the college Kentucky; and Dr. Freemen Hart, national historian, o: Education. Ae is to speak about 'The Scholar and the Profession PIKES ANNIVERSARYof Education. Dean Norman did his undergraduate work at Mercer, took a Happy Chabdier Speaks Master's at Harvard and a doctorate at Teachers College. He A thenstudied and tauglit abroad in Berlin, Germany, during the years ;of 1912 and 1913 Baseball Commissioner'A. B. "Happy" Chandler was the principal speaker Friday night at a Founder's Day Banquet at Club 400, commemorating the 45th anniversary of the local chapter of Pi Kappa dering the Pi Kappa Alpha "Dream Alpha fraternity. Girl" song and "My Ole' Kentucky Preceding the address, Adolphe Vidal, prominent Gainesville busiHome." newsman and former member of L. William Graham, local atthai Mu chapter at Presbyterian hitorney and president of the FlorCollege, was presented an award present national historian Pida district of Pi Kappa Alpha, in recognition of his 50 years of Kapad lepha was heard in a short address on service to the fraternity. In his address, Chandler emthe progress and present status of The award, in the form of a Inie de elopant oasAmea the fraternity at the University. diploma into the Golden Chapter, youth, and stressed the need of an honor accorded only a few peocollege fraternities in maintainple in the country, was presented Ing the "present status of friendto Vidal by Dr. U. S. Gordon, paslines and sportsmanship which He Knows tor of the local First Presbyterian serve as a springboard Into laChurch, and national chaplain of ter life." the fraternity. The baseball -commissioner, for--N Chandler was introduced by Dr. merly kn'wn as "the singin' guvFreeman Hart, former vice-presnah" of hentucky, paid an unexident. executive secretary, and pected tribute to his hosts by rendel/54f/k Sorority growth on the University campus will reach a climax this weekend with the installation of four national groups. Out-of-town members, alumnae, and national officers of Alpha Cni Omega, Phi Mu, Sigma Kappa, and Zeta Tau Alpha are arriving to participate in the two-day ceremonies celebrating the conclusion of a year's probationary period of colony status and rise to official recnesm eig installation Initiognition. ness meetings,a Delta Gamma, the last chapter tions, banquets, model chapter to be instaled on April 9, will at meetings, and receptions. that time complete the UniversiSorority pledges initiated in ty's Panhellenic family of 11 sothe model initiations with narorities. tional officers presiding will beActivities program for the come charter members of their weekend include pledgings, busichapters. -Pledges are: Alpha Chi Oniega Athena; U JSA Opes^oleman" SO es Bacas, Hollywood. Mrs. Patricia e Holdeman Eyster, Jacksonville-, De H rMrs. Sara Gill Giddings. Jacksonville; Mrs. Earl Faircloth, Mrs. Laretta Matthews Garland. and Jessie Mae Smith, Gainesville: Iris W ith Buffet Mannooch, St. Petersburg:;Jine The United Jewish Students ApNewton, Lake City; Audrey Stevpeal here on campus will begin its ens. St. Augustine; Jo Ann Wal1949 Clear-the-D. P. Camps-byton, Micanopy: Janet dBerry. and 1950 Campaign with a buffet supHelen Watt, Miami. per at 6:45 p. m. sunday, April 3, Phi Mu --Tess Bennett. Dade at the Hillel House. City; Betty Jean Hatch. Marilyn Ivo Marsak, who was brought Knight, Beth Ratcliffe, Betty Jean to this country and given a scholSwinford, Jacksonville; Alma Higarship to the University of Florida ginbotham, Callahan; Delia Johnby the Methodist Church, will tell son. Lake Worth: Shirley Mink, of his experiences under the Third Oakland; Joan Peters. Miami: and Reich in Czechoslovakia. Marsak Martha Nell Tison. Gainesville. arrived on this campus for this Sigma Kappa-Barbara Stewspring semester after traveling art, Newberry; Jeanette Hollisthrough Germany and France. His ter, Jacksonville; Margie Merlingual ability has aided him in chant, Mary Weaver, Jean Patgetting a true insight into the Euterson, Gainesville; Dot McColropean situation. lum, Tavares; Martha Dillon, Alvin Lietman, UJSA men's West Palm Beach; and Lois chairman, will aiso introduce Mrs. Knowles, Valrico. Morris Marcus, S09 chairman of ZETA TAU ALPHA -Beverly B'nai Brith women of Orlando; Nelson, Sarasota; Sue Fowler, Tess Goldberg, formerly of Poland; Perry, Patricia Harvey, Miami; I and Stephen Glasier, former inFrances Horne, Miami; Mary Elizmate of three Nazi concentration abeth Williams, Tampa: and Patcamps. Mrs. Marcus, who fled Etiricia Toft, Palmetto; Carolyn rope with her husband, is now reTrawick, Dothan, Alabama: Jo building her life in Orlando. Tess Ann Crouch, Clewiston; Barbara Goldberg, who is of college age, Coker, Arcadia; Marcia Mitchell, came to this country three and one Largo: Mildred Langford, Pensahalf years ago. Stephen Glasier is cola: Erschel Whidden, Perry; Ona one of the few who escaped from Demarest, Starke: Patricia Hart. Dachau. All of these people were Daytona Beach; Jerry Collins, brought here through the United Sarasota; and Mary Lou Leggett, Service for New Americans, one Madge Crouch, Bethyre Palmer, of the three branches of the United Janet Steele, and Rose Lina Allen, Jewish Appeal. Gainesville. "I like Chesterfield's MILDER, better taste. It's MY cigarette3" STARRING IN "FLAMINGO ROAD" A MICHAEL CURTIZ PRODUCTION RELEASED BY WARNER BROS. -eo ERIC'S SPORT smiokeCHESTERFIELD CUCH MILDER -draILDE Tield gg Eltsas Y''--~ that's Chester D*Cc, .,-* ra t m Now Open. The Now UNIVERSITY BARBER SHOP uPSTAIRS Over Florida Book Shop 1868 West University Avenue Try Us Once and You'll Come Back WE NED FEE~sPresident Lyceum Council AT ARTHUR MURRAY'S Leaning to dance is easy and fun -thanks to A.M.'s basic. new method. "The first step to popularity" Here's the key to all dances. Once you master it you can lead or follow any type of music. Phone 1577 or come in NOW! Be sure to make a hit at parties this summer. Arthur Murray's 680 W. Main St. North Gainesville, Florida Phone 1577 wwwpw w -- 

PAGE 4

4 THS PLORIDA ALLIGATOR, -FRIDAY, APRIL-4, 1949 Rappa Alpha New officers of the Kappa AlpM Order, elected recently, are: Leonard Voight, Jacksonville, president; Ed Drew, Jacksonville, vice president; and Colburn "Mac' McKinnon, St. Augustine, secretary. At formal fhitiation ceremonies held last week at the KA House and in the Episcopal Chapel. 27 new members were inducted. They are: Eddie Christy, Vernon Hurston. Tommy Smith. Sunny Wilson' Homer Woodruff. Jr. Tampa: Don DeBevose. Bill Mehaffe. Jerry Simms. Tom Terpening. Clyde Reese, Carlet Winter, JackF-ville; Dick Shaw and Steadman Stahl, Miami: Lew Rossetti P-i Bill Scott, St. Petersburg. JFarry Manee and Jimmy Morgan. Plant City. Gerald McCoy. Gainesville: Rav Byrd. Fort Meade: Jaime Lizaralde. Columbia; Jack Akin, Ocala: Ben Buck, Bartow; Harry Kastanakis and Oliver Norman. Pensacola; Vaughn Freeman. Orlando: Joe Knight. Indian Rocks: and Bill Mitchum, Anniston, Alabama. Kappa Alpha's extended their Southern brand of hospitality to the Alpha Delta Pi and Alpha Chi Omega sororties which have been honored in Thursday night suppers at the House in recent weeks. Tau Epilon Phi Saturday night Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity initiated the following 28 men: Mervin Alperatein, Tampa; Ltilie Ansbacher, Jacksonville: Heny A~nan; Leonard Askowit, Mi i each; Stanley Baumwald. Mir mi each; Arthur Fein. Jersey ,ty, N. J.; Ivan Finman. Tampa; illiam Foor. Jacksonville: Berle Freed. Miami: Sandy Freed. ijami; Elonald Friedman. Tampa: rbert Hirsch, Miami Richard *~ollins, Jacksonville Normr Hoowitz, New York City. Sherwin Lindenbaum. Tampa: Seymour Nashi West Palm Beach: trnold Nimtzowitz, MiamBeach: alph Paul. Miami Beach: Noran Rosaman, Miami: Jerrv Ruderman, Gainesville: Wiiliam cheer, Jacksonville; Robert Selin, Miami: Jules Shapiro. Forest tills, N. Y.; R bert Siegel, Miami: Arnold Set, Brooklyn New York: -amuel Smith,West Palm Beach: ?4itchael Tobin1 Miami: Alan Wynroth, Miami Beach. TEP's new pledge class recently elected Dennis Gitlin. Miami Beach. president, Martin Saunders. Pennsylvania. vice-president. and Jerry WTlner, secretary. PI lambda Phi Sunday, March 2. 18 new brothers were Inducted into Pi Lambda Phi Frternitv. Those initiated were: George Powers. Bayonne. N. 1.: Ned Sinder. Miami Beach: Miltnn Goldberg, Newark. N. J.: ptrnley Gilsen. New York: Edwin T .ied Lander. Lake Wales: Ed rn. Plant City: Bob Beskind. "ard Pallot. EAdie Siegel. MiCharles Cooperman. St. Pe1r'-:Sam Krentzman. Tampa: 1,-AisJoseph. Bernard Meyer. Gerald Sohn. Sheldon William McLaughlin. Max 1 -Iv Jacksonville. .'% Meyer was made an alumr hr 'her of 'i Lam for his out'nndin service. Also attending the initiation was Dean Weil. natinnal secretary of Pi Lambda Phi end the chapter's local aavisor The nduction service was followed Ia buffet supper at the Pi Lam house. The Fraternitv will hold its annual semi-formal Sprint Dance tomorroweening at the Friday Musicale in Jacksonville." The dance is being arranged through the combined efforts of the Pi lam social committee and the Jacsonville alumni of the fraternity. Marvin Hoss, chairman of the social committee, has arranged for dance music by Abe Livert and his banel Phi Kappa Tau While diligently carving en a clothes-pin. a Phi Kappa Tau initiate turned to his lovely escort and said. "Most lovely lady. from the Stygian depths of my station. T express everlasting gratitude to one who should devine and ameliorate the sufferings of this lowly neophyte. Now. as the chips of life fall separate with the winds of Time, so must I repair to my dungeon. And then with a knightly b o w, he concluded. "Adieu. kind lady. adieu." One of the pleasured moments of the pre-initiation week wa"s when each Phi Tau neophyte re-' turned from class with his escort. Each was required to be accompanied to the frat rnity house byI some lovely campus coed. After de-I livering the above recitation, theI Initiate then presented a red carnation and the fraternity colors in appreciation for the rendered service. Having completed a iteek of pledge heckling, the follmvine ment became members of Phi KaDpa Tau: Bill Blakey. Joe B. Coles.' David Gautier. John Girardeau, George Gorman. Larry Gunter. Ar-I thur Hanson. Lloyd Head. ArolI Hudson. Richard Jones. RobertI Ifiller. Dean Nelson. Reed Rollins, Tom Rooks, Byron Rovals. Thurston A, Shell Clarence Wils n Louis Gaby. Ronald Howze Barryr Goodson. Phi Gamma Delta In a recent election.tHarold Dillinger, Sarasota. was elected president of Phi Gamma Delta. Dillin-ea Junior in Business Administration. was a member of the: Executive Council and is on theft Seminole staff. Other officers chosen for the coming year include Ken Strong. Winter Park, secretary: Bill Lockhart. Haines City, corresponding Secretary; Doug Moore. St. Petersburg, historian; Hank Hendrie. Miami. alumni secretary: and Phil, Alpha Tau Omega Alpha Tau Omega Fraternity initiated a large group of pledges Sunday. The forty pledges initiated were as follows: Fontaine Bennett, Alburquerque. N. M.: Frank Paltt, Charles Nesmith, Arcadia: Glen Whitcomb. Avon Pk.: BLdlv Cambell. Wofford Stidham, Bartow: Don Wakling. Clearwater: Jim Rutherford. Daytona. .Jack Wilson. Gainesville: Frank Hellenger Fred Lorraine. Don Vaden. Jacksonville: Billy Ellsworth. Wilbur Allen. Al Hoffman. Lakeland: Clayton Dickenson. Madison: Bill Cook. Bill Ward Bud Nelson. Tom Sweet. Miami: Jim Purcell. Mulberry; Bob Clouser. Orlando: Roland Brown. Gordon Mkenzie. Pensacola: Frank Van Auken. Peoria. Ill.: Joe Maharrv. Perr: Louie Adcock, Ray Knipe Bud Robertson. St. Petersburg: Bob Hewlett. Frank Hunt. Tampa: Bob Newman. Titusville: Ted Prior. Jerr Bryan, West Palm Beach. John Pitts. Westport. Conn : Claude Calliso. Jr. Edward Reints. Winter Haven Lambda Chi On Friday. March 25. Lambda Chi Alpha opened its annual alumni weekend and Founder's Day celebration. A formal banquet and dance at the Kit Kat was the first of a series of social functions. Prominent among the guests on this occasion was Ralph Smith. of Sanford. National Treasurer of the fraternity Saturday afternoon's entertainment was a pinic and swimming party at Camp Wauburg followed In the evening by the second annual Arabian Nights costume ball. at the fraternity house. Highlighting the evening festivities were the auctioning of the slave girls and the crowning of Miss Pat Bradle as Queen ScheprazadeI. P Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Alpha frternity initiated 17 men last Naturdav in formal initiations. Newt members include Robert Alexander, Punta GordaCrom Anderson. Miami: Billy Beer. Gainesville: Russell Cole. Lakeland: Bob Collins. Ft. Myers: Phil Costans. Gainesville: Don Gondling, Atlantic Beach: Robertt Hall. Ft. Lauderdale: Sid Robert-I son. Gainesville: Ray Thompson Jacksonville: Frank Thullberiv. Lake Wales: C. W Thomas Gainesville: Sonn Tripp. Winter Haven; Ernie Schultz. Clearwater: Walter Busk. Plant City: and Norris Levis, Rockford. ill. New pledges are Tom Barwick. Plant City; Bill Haves. Starke: Bill Leonard. Quincy: Dave Leigen. Uma tilla: Richmond Roberts. Orlando: Tom Russ. Winter Garden: Ed Tealander. Tampa: Harry Stripling. Orlando. Pledge ilas offiCers are Bill Hayes. Harr.y Guthrie. Tom Russ and Dave Leigen Sigma Phi Epallon Members of Sigma Phi Epilon fraternity held elections at the chapter house Wednesday. March 23. The following men were elected to fill the top positions in the fraternity for the coming year: President. Bron T. Cooksev. Vero Beach: Vice -President, Austin Dunn. Davtona Beach: Secretary. Jack Fortes. Orlando: Historian. Ferdie Pacheco. Tampa. Guard. Tom Guy. Vern Beach: Senior Marshal Thomas Brker. Jackgonville: Junior Marhall. Clyde Smith. Delrav Beach. Phi Gamma Delta Saturday. March 1, initiation ceremonies were held for the following men: Charles Burk. Phil Curry. Larry Hoffman, Allen MCormick. Jim Spencer. Miami; Gene Dearing. Fred Hrirlebaus. Louis Cantrell. Clearwater: Howard Taylor. Fort Pierce: Joe Brvan, St. Pete: John McKa. Joe Mims. Ft. Lauderdale: Joe Holland. Carl Pennington. Jacksonville: Felipe Munoz. Claudi Veliz. Santiago. Chile: and Jim Leukel, Gainesvi le. Phi Gamma Delta was recently' visited by Fred Dixon. one of the National Field Secretaries. The Fiji were recently enter-t tained by after dinner talks and f-rums given ht Dr. Lester Hale. Dr. ra.ul Hanna. and Dr. Winston Ehrmann Pi Kappa Phi Annual Weekend To Open Tonight Today may be April Fools Day to most people, but to the men of Pi Kappa Phi Fraternity it means the beginning of their Annual Pi Kapp Weekend. Things get underway tonight with a "Slaughter on Tenth Avenue" dance. The there is taken from the show "Words and Music.' Tomorrow afternoon will find the Pi Kapps and dates on a picnic at Mineral Springs. Tomorrow night the pace will slow down somewhat with a formal banquet at the Club 400. followed by the "Rose of Pi Kappa Phi Dance." The highlight of the affair will be the choosing of a Queen. Favors in the for ni of loving cups are to be presented to the dates. A Sunday morning breakfast at the House will wind up the scheduled events. in Hawaii they coi it "Weikaki Itch" Here its "ATHLETES FOOT" and Sperady.e bltze ;te Itch o'.er night Kills fungus and spores Preventc infection Aids healing At all drug counters RARE OPPORTUNITY STUDY ...TRAVEL ,SPAIN 8KA's Stage Secession From Union Today The Confederacy lives again this veekond as the Kappa Alpha Order formally secedes from the Union for the 48-hour duration of its. heglar. with all membhers and annual Plantation Ball.tP de T n"m atird tei gra iA proclamation of secession has been sent to President Truman, lnd% aktiredtetheI rauiand the populace of Gainesville was put on notice At the Florida tonal hoop-skirts. At the cliax Theatre last night. One individual clad in blue. said to he General Sherman. was "assassinated" there between shows when he attempted to squelch the rebellion. WT NIit, Robble Jones. Ocala. (right a freshman at Agnes Scott College. is pictured receiving a bouquet of roses, after being named thE "Seagle Sweetheart" at ceremonies during' formal dance climaxing Seagle Hall's annual "Spring Fling." Presenting the flowera is MiAs Mary Margaret Davis, Tallahassee, last year's Sweetheart. 'SPRING FLINGS' THE THING Bobbie Jones Is Chosen 'Seagle Sweetheart Of '49' Miss Bobbie Jones was chosen the "Seagle Sweetheart of 1949 a' the lose of Seagle Hall's annual "Spring Fling,' the week-end of March 25 and 26She is a freshman at Agnes Scott College in Decatur. Georgia. She is 18 years old and a talented singer. She was escorted by Hugh Sheffield of Ocala. The naming of the Sweetheart brought to a close a week-end of niuch time and effort towards me rriment by Seagle members and their dates. The group enjoyed a making the wetk-end a SUcCes$ hayride and wiener roast Friday were the house mother. Mis. Birdie night. followed by dancing and the R. Parkhill. Gus Risley. and Ed presentation of skits at the house. Brenner. together with thp menSaturday there was an all dav out ing at Camp Waiuburg. with a bers of the social committee headhuge buffet dinner at the house e( by Emmett Heridon. and inthat night. The formal dance was cluding Raymond Sullivan, Tuirner held at the 20th Century Clih. Hogan. Allen Powell. Allen Stewwith Ed Lang s hand providing the art. John Hays. Loon Thoma. Toni MnUSw riedem an. Cleve Hamm. Forrest Among those who contributed Smith. And Drve Howard. GRASS SKIRTS, YET Phi Gamma Delta Opens Fiji Weekend Tonight In keeping with the traditions of their national known nrikr m"Fiji. Florida chapter of Phi Gamma Delta will hold its first annual Fil Formal this v. eekend. The fiesta will start this evening with a formal danc-e at the Legion Hall with music furnished by Lenny Kave-s orchestra. Bolivian College Offers Summer School Courses A special summer session moiat will offer to North American students and teac' ero courses in Spanish and in Latin American and Rolivion culture has been announced by the Unlversity of San Andres in La Paz, Rollila. Pamphlet% containing complete Information about the summer session may he obtained from the institute of International Education. ? West 4.th Street. New York 19, N. Y. Applications for admission should be suhmitted before May 31, 1949. Infer-City (ourcil To Elect April 11 At a meeting of the -Inter-iluv Council called by acting chairnia Sandy Freed last week it was derided that an election of officers would be held April 11. nd that a. vote on the constitution would be taken April 4. Contradictoryto the stni y in last -~~~~ a**2maauasmbsMgmau h A picnic \ ill be held at Camp \Vauburg tonori ow afternoon, followed by a tropical buffet supper at the house. That night the dance will I a he place amiongsi palm trees, bamboo, thatched palmetto. coconuts, grass mats anii exotic background sciine of a Fii Island. Amid thi settng. the 1apPin( of hate feet in time to heo'.'v itnis will mat ariiv& of! he iiiples at the Fii Hut. Th'e mii1n1 Irfssed In grass skirts. 'vil be adorned with ianv colorful lais an(I fi rrant flow ers Their *'Rot tsw ill offer i nrs hearing 'in i-lot hs and (-o rations of hone hair ofrna ments and heads A lo mig ci!P :s to he resei:ei the Fiji quten selectedi1 du:nt :he .'vei'ung and silver cannihl faNor \ill he given dates. ('a impus invitedin. lude. Doan and Mrs H. Hume, c'o ant Ni us. H N 1 ins, Feanir and Mrs F. rrice Mr. and Mrs. R; haid Aohn,on And Mr. and Mr. Dirk Whiteheal. seek s Alltatot no officers have as yet been elected All "home town or eount\ organizations "ho h have no! as vet elected a representative to the I CC.q ate a ke to do so as soon as possible. *** U :: We have :: rr fow W hDite Shirft s. me e V .". \ aU eU Am Arterow-otWhfrs ieradShirtsany coio mdes.Se urne Aro to f orser .3 su "aU ". U "i U" Comem q ek nd ake ourp e fro ou selctin o Ane hit Arr wsoth xfods nd bood loth in man coo oeU.S or e ro Ueto C"oefo uckan tro i $3.9 o-r packth from $3.e65 o diui7~~ $VE v EV, .r--ft.'uLaauctio i 6, .JwJ With The Greeks' 

PAGE 5

)ING TO STRIPLING 5 G-roup Of Teachers led By University Students Interning At P. K. Yonge Number 346 Education Majors Work Under Actual ConditIons By June Adamsft I"Usiversity supplies a large pWeentage of teachers to the elevateryand secondary schools in Florida, according to R. 0. Strip., 5awtant profeasbr of Education and director of Teacher PlaceOn rai. There are now 34 Eduation major students partcipatI g in the interning program to complete part of there Irt hsyear all Student In-. was cared on in the P. .Lovely Lse Byrd, Kappa Delta, receives a red carnation s a token thstmbTrha pesyCte Uf appriatifor her part in Phi Tau pre-Inltlation. Loft to right successful and beneficial o are: Ronald Howse, Byron Royals, Miss Byrd, Lloyd Head, Ed Wells, for many reasons, It was Tom Books. by Stripling. It is to the advantage of stuN TO COMBAT DELINQUENC .astuallytowork-dereanam winlfacethe .a-aa tegA ~er. They have the tto-atend;ersiy Outdoor Living Program gv, meet wih P. T. A., s raurara Educatingthe Whole Man," I L.aunched By Universities the supervision of efficient the subject of brochure number;dasoourgedfeahr. the upevison f efic e ven innit series of booklets be Are Americans reverting to the days of our rugged forefathers, the "006 the new system they are Issued on University needs. pioneers, who gained strength enough from the simplicity of their ted to an entire day of The brochures, pamphlets exdaily lives in the great outdoors, to build the foundations of freedom whereas in P. K. they planning vh&at the University is and opportunity that are our heritage. only provided with one or doing and what it could do with In a sense leading educators throughout the nation seem to think pfteds a day of actual teachmore f u n d a, are distributed no. As a means of building up thelo as a result of teaching throughout Florida to give the the health of our nation's youth, as a solution to the confusion and uaeft schools, the laboratory people information on their state a means of combating juvenile restlessness that permeates the K. is eliminated of student University. delinquency. as a means of axworld scene. making it an excellent The seventh brochure "Educatposing young America to those r observing well-trained ing the Whole Man," explains the glories of nature which they Part the University plays in giin scarcely seem to notice, leading Sre 25 students techin the students a broad liberal educolleges and universities are secondary schools and nine 9 cation as -vell as specialized study. launching a program of outdoor Try Our tary schools, located in -It contains information on the living as part of the regularT O Waldo, Stark and Alacliph.IMusic Department. student or-I school curriculum. place students in Jacksonville'League, the Florida Players, the Division representingrthe states coming September. experimental theater, universities is cooperating with M A LTa english, journalism, science, the humanities program, t' Florida State University in offer-; Englsh, ouralprogramc, iLiter-. lrd thematics, business and social ary activities, anO the student ing teachers, recreation people, (You Can Eat The es are the subjects of their religious centers. scout leaders, and other interested hing.groups an intensive one week gumchn.In the brochure is printed a letmer workshop at Camp Flastacowo CHOCOLATE CHI "The reaction of students takter written by President Miller to in Tallahassee. g part in the Interning Prothe citizens of Florida. which says, The courseewill stress camping, STRAWBERRY PINE is good", Said Stripling. In part: n orewl tescmig T A BRY PN ave &beo'had the whole "As citisana of nlorlda yo and will be designed to improve hearted approval and cooperahave the right to expect a gradskills andeunderstanding in that VAN I LLA BAN L' of state teachers", he adduate of your University to be field and related fields. The course od, "ad in turn we are offerprepared for a good deal more will carry 1 1-2 quarter hours Delux Banana Sp special courses In superisthan simply making a living., credit; no prerequisites are necesto them". A comprehensive program for sary-however, there the similarThe length of period of student the development of such Interity to the usu4I University course is one semester. During eats and abilities on the part of ends. The classroom will be the first six weeks all day is our students Is carried on at the forest. The students will eat, with college education teach. University--a program directed sleep, and learn in the surround: gtodying and observing; the to the education of the whole ings they in turn will offer their! six or eight weeks are spent man." pupils or groups when they return ,ablic schools. A University chapel and campus to organize camps throughout the Prompt Del ver State of Florida requires religious center, a concert hall and -state of 90 hours which instudios for the program in music, "Learn by doing" is the camp's 548 N. Ninth d6m both observation and teacha collection o. recordings of great motto, as Florida joins in the tsa. At least 54 of the total 90 music and great literature for stugreat movement back to a form homr inust be in active teaching. dent use. of life that may well prove to be;1 ERRY APPLE lANA PEPPERMINT LEMON ROOT BEER lits and Sundaes :e (ream y For Any Party Telephone 706 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR -I Pd"kiUfrrdm Imidate (ampm As Ebclin Nears This week an avalanche of political literature descended on the campus like a snow storm. Everywhere students turn they find signs of various sizes and shapes leaving a lot of witty Pa and a few facts about candidates running for student body offices. The two most widely distributed are those bearing the familiar phrases "Stick with Nick" and "Vote for Love." Some of the other popular phrases on campus are "You Can't Go Wrong with Wright," "Sturdy as a Texa Steer -and That's No Bull." "Byrd's the Word," "Pool Your Votes for Poole," "Put an X by the z,", "For the Love of Pete-Vote for Fleet," "Wanted, DiInger," Can You Sing ? Went to make 0 few records with me? I need a vocalist to help mercrwd some songs I have written. The"s songs have been copyrighted. I play the accordion and wili P he musical background. eeata chance for the both Of us. For details contact Larry Wiland (Temp. Dorm J-15) General Delivery University Station Kim' FRJDAY, APRIL 1, 19 FOR BETTER STUDENT LEADERS ARSITY P ARTY Asks You To VOTE for Qualified Candidates Next Thursday Student Body President Endorsed By Varsity Party EARL FAIRCLOTH Laz Lewis Vice PresidentEXECUTIVE COUNCIL FRESHMEN Richard Pettigraw Terrell Sessums Fred Jones Harry O'Steen Bill Ward Kim Barley Jack Sherman Elaine Iskin BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION Ben Overton Joe Cresse Loydd Chandler ARCHITECTURE & ALLIED ARTS Charles Crumpton Dick Johnson AGRICULTURE Oscar Lastinger Jim Griffin FORESTRY Claude Barden PHYSICAL EDUCATION Winkie Saunders Phil Constans Doyle Rogers Secretary-Treasurer 0 SOPHOMORE Harold Jordan Roy Gilbert Joe Nesbitt Blake Wisenant Dave Howard Bill Avera Carolyn Jones Don MacInnis Bill Zeiher ARTS AND SCIENCE Don Klein Robbie Lee Milam Henry Barksdale LAW Mark Hawes Mac Futch EDUCATION Wayne Sargent Dave Perrin PHARMACY Charles Anderson ENGINEERING (Endorsed, Harold Holdeman Art Saarinen Bill Braley Dave Clements Chancellor BOARD OF STUDENT PUBLICATIONS Bob Weatherly Jack Fortes John Williford SEMINOLE Editor-Dexter Douglas Business Manager-Henrv Kittleson ORANGE PEEL Editor-Pat Patillo Business Manager-Bill Clark "F" BOOK Editor-Gene Reynolds Business Manager-Jimmy Rivers ATHLETIC COUNCIL (Endorsed) President-Bill Turner Vice President-John Martin Sec.-Treas.-John Hanskat Members-Fred Montsdeoca Jimmy Kynes REMEMBER YOUR DUTY NEXT THURSDAY Roy Rhodes Clerk LYCEUM COUNCIL President-Sandy Freed Members-Barbara Davis Frank Akerman Murry Overstreet Phil Webb HONOR COURT Freshman-Joe Reynolds Sophomore-Alan Zbar Architecture and Allied Arts Bob Bordman Arts and Science & Pharmacy Lou Fischesser Clarence Porter Education-Fletcher Fleming Business Administration Parks Weatherford Lav -Jack Straughn Agriculture and Forestry Bill Rose Phys cal Education Bill Rutledge Engineering Troy Scarborough APRIL 7 THE COLLEGE INN OFFERS U _________ mllmkk Allb, r __________ -----___ -I II I I -n THE I ii I.,, i ~iI I "D3faft Faircloth." and "'Draft Beerc" A PLACE DAD AND MOTHER WILL F'rom now on untU ThursdayLT you can expCt anything to hap-I LIKE TO STOP AT WHEN VISITING pen in connection with these elecYOU. tions. It'$ been rumored that some of THE COMMERCIAL HOTEL the students have planned crazy skits in an attempt to get the stuWEST MAIN STREET. SOUTH dents to vote WHY EARL FAIRCLOTH MUST be our next Student Body President Why Our Student Body President Should Be Qualified I He presides over the Executive Council which authorizes expenditures of over $200,000 a year. 2 He is often called upon to represent the Student Body before Civic Clubs and all sorts of meetings. 3. This year it is imperative that our President be able to speak before the Educationa land Appropriations Committees of the Legislature to help restore the Budget Cut and to get needed dormitories for the campus. People judge our Student Body and our government by the caliber of our President, EARL FAIRCOLTH, champion debater and National orator, will continue wherever he goes to bring credit to the University of Florida iThi, Ad paid for by friends of Earl Faircloth and Clea Student Governmenti A I Delicious id SHAKES am With A Spoon) 

PAGE 6

-C 6 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR -FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1949 SPECIAL FIELDS LISTED Advertising clinicc To Begin Here Tuesday What do you know about advertising? Now is the time to find out the facts on advertising through a clinic entitled "Advertising In Action" beginning Tuesday, and continuing each Tuesday night for five weeks at the University cafeteria. The purpose of the clinic is to provide students, business men and 'Colonel' Joe Doney Wanted In 'Gator Office The Alligator urgently requests "Colonel" Joe Doney, Jr., to saunter by the offices of this paper and pick up his commission from Governor Fuller Warren. Weeks have gone by since the certificate was left in the office and no one seems to know anything about it. Several of the reporters have attempted to erase the "Doney" and substitute their own handles because they feel left out on the colonelships. !FREE STARTING OUTFIT 909MMIAN MANUFACTURING CO. S Bickford St., Dept. 34, Boston 30. Mass. 4 -0 2Eb4 lg 3000 NAWTHORNE ROAD FRIDAY & SATURDAY lUst Gainesville Showing KISS THE BLOOD OFF MY HANDS SUNDAY & MONDAY Firt Gainesville Showing TUESDAY & WED. ISAMUEL GOLDWYN present CARY LOREA DAVID GRANT -YOUNG -NI YEN With W* B 3 with MOIETY WOOLLEY 9 TODAY THRU SATURDAY Double Action Features William Boyd in "STRANGE GAMBLE" Serial "SEA HOUND" women, and those interested in advertising a more intimate knowledge of effective advertising today. The clinic will be composed of five panels. Each panel will present a special phase of advertising and emphasize the practicalaspects of advertising by demonstration. Leaders in each field will conduct the panels. The' registration fee Is $1 per panel or $4 for the complete series. Students are admitted free upon presentation of their student activity card. Panel No. 1 Tuesday will relate to retail advertising. It will be, conducted by Harriett Hilliboe. publicity director of Furchgotts department store in Jacisonville. A "silk screen" demonstration will be shown by Aldrich Peeples, of Peeples Display Company in Jacksonville. Panel No. 2, April 12, will deal with the advertising agency. The chairman of this panel will be Ken Small, vice-president and account executive of NewmanLynde advertising agency in Jacksonville. The third panel to be held April 19 will relate to newspaper advertising which will Include national, local and classified. The chairman of this panel will be Bruce Goodloe, advertising manager of the Florida Times Union. Jack Jones, public relations director of the Jacksonville Coach Co. will handle house organs. Harry Burns, advertising manager Southern Lumber Journal wll discuss publications. Radio and television will be the1 fourth panel to be held April 26. Robert Feagin, station manager of WPDQ in Jacksonville. plus members of his staff, will conduct this panel. W. L. Chesman, Sales Manager of the Philbin and (oine I Outdoor advertising agency in Jacksonville will be chairman of the transportation and outdoor advertising panel on May S. Chesman will discuss new phases In transportation advertising which includes the recent transit radio advertising in Jacksonville. This is the first of a series of annual clinical advertising programs which is sponsored by the Advertising Club at the University of Florida and co-sponsored by the Jacksonville Advertising Club. The University Extension Division is cooperating in program. printing and publicity arrangements. This course is approved by the AmericanhFederation of Advertisers and has been given publicity by such leading magazines I as Advertising Age. National News of Marketing. and the Southern Advertising and Publishing Magazinc. Proposed Changes Have Few Readers A recent poll taken by an Alligator reporter shows that only, 16 percent of the student body' read a proposed amendment to the Honor Court in last week's Alligator. The editors of The Alligator, who were compelled by the con-: stitution to run the amendment,I as they are all amendments to the I constitution, had the poll taken to see how many students actually read the amendment. The amendment proposed to set* up a student jury of 11 subpoenaed students, a different 11 to serve at each trial. I I TUESDAY thru THURSDAY Done Andrews, Jean Peters "DEEP WATERS" James Craig, Joan Leslie "NORTHWEST STAMPEDE" I ii TODAY & SATURDAY For the Best Seats attend tht Eve. 44 1 Matinee Student Tickets Soturdoys only 30c Identify yourself ot the box office SUNDAY & MONDAY TUESDAY & WEDNESDAY 1 I Alexander Bannwart, noted lecturer and world traveler, will give a lecture Tuesday at 8 p. m. in Florida Union Auditorium. An advo-, cate of union of democracies to combat Communism, Bannwart is being brought here by the University's International Relations Club. VISITS GULF LIFE HOME OFFICE Insurance Groi Jacksonville Fi Observing at first hand the com home office operation, 33 members Jacksonville last Thursday on an all of the Gulf Life Insurance Compan Under the supervision of Tom M Position Postings No Punches Pulled Editor's Note: Here are the two sides of the political question given you by each party. The Alligator Is doing this In order to give you an idea of what Is going on In the world of student politics. The Ideas expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Campus Owes 6-AS Party Great Deal By Lacy Mahon Publicity Chairman The Gator-All Student Party faces the coming election with the task of upholding the efficient and outstanding part its men have played in the manyiproven years, of the past.I This campus and its high-rank-j ing student government owes a great deal to the past record of this party, since the pages of student government history have recorded the way this party has stood in front, crntinually giving thie student government the most capable. mose experienced. and most qualified men. This year. the party offers a slate of officers who have already done much to push the school to the forefront among the nation's universities. They ask only that the students of the University of Florida vote for men whom they consider most oualified. and then, for the Varsity Party Wholly Behind Earl Paircioth By Tommy Thompson Publicity Chairman The Varsity Party has provided the Student Body with another first with its list of the big five candidates, ien who are first in their every activity and who promises to be first in fulfillment of their proposed projects. Earl Faircloth, who was nominated by the newly-formed third party after a "Draft Faircloth Rally" Wednesday night, is heartily endorsed by the Varsity Party. Earl was this party's candidate last SIpring for the vice-presidency and has served since the beginning of the semester as Student Body president. He replaces Sam Love as the Varsity choice for the number one spot. Sam. who had publicly stated that Earl was the most qualified man for the )ob, withdrew Wednesday night after Earl agreed to accept the nomrimtion. The Varsity party is saying that With this endorsement of Fairthev' are independent. The Gator' cloth the Varsity Party asks the up M akes Al Student Party, not on says den B t t atop e it. but proves it in all its actions i slate composed of four independand in the slate presented. This ents and one fraternity man. No ield T rip can be explained by the 33-22 raother political party can claim to tio which the Gator-All Student be so widely representative. nplex procedure of life insurance Party uses. The party has 11 fraFaircloth's qualification for this of the Insurance Society went to ternities, each receiving two votes, job were proven in his election by day field trip to the home offices but there are 33 independent repthe Student Body last Spring and IV. resentatives with votes. They are by the superb job he has done iller, educational director for Gulf able to have a definite voice in serving as president. Life, the members were shown a our party, The Varsity party uses movie which outlined the activia 50-50 ratio. with 15 votes for Laz Lewis has received the ties that they would observe, their 15 fraternities and s15 votes nomination for Vice President of shortly, in actuial practice. from 15 independent renresentathe Student Body. Laz needs no in. Following the educational 'film. tives. Thus, the independents can troduction to any P lorida man; members of the Society were esstop legislation but cannot pass hi fine work on and off the gridcorted, in groups of 7, by junior any particular nian or man iron has brought him into contact executives and conducted through The Gator-All Student Party with every student. Laz has always jout g t it. I uu 1 ;i been intensely interested in stuCameron Is Given G6overnoiO N Military Funeral O The campus American Legion Post and Gainesville's National Guard unit conducted a military Featuring 0overnft funeral for John L. Cameron, Mcren on its cover, Intosh, who was killed in GermI of the Florida any in World War II. publication of thu Bill Scruggs, district comml'anAlunni Asoi der and service officer of the cnad s w of aun R~n~~e:STh f cea -an ds. au' pus .wasin charge of the Idy.M held Saturday morning in McIneCurrent editiornof a tosh. features descriptive Lt. Don Brown, University stuarticles Of the Six dent, commanded the local guard Expansion at the Tj unit. Other University student magazine alsoco members of the guard who helped layouts of 1948 tch were: Louis J. Muraw ,Warner W. general articles of ill Weseman, James S. Simmons.uRheida graduates. I sa Postich, and Bob Newman, bugEdited by Allen Skat ler. High school members of the loof publicity at the cal guard who helped were Johi Magazine is in its Montesons, James F. Noblark, of a new sees w I Robert Wester, and Victor Arnette. year. YOU'RE IN FOR A TREAT! visit Joe's Delicatessen & Re: i Featuring daily Home Cooked Meals ands3 cial Delicatessen Cold Cut Plates and SandwieN to eat or take out. Joe's has a complete line of prepared -M Salads and Cheeses, and caters to parties of kinds. For That New Taste Treat eat at Joe's Delicatessen & Restaui Next Door to the New Lovetts Store and hundreds of HOME AND AUTO SUPPLY ITEMS may be purchased on the Firestone V. rtstone 414 W. Univ. Ave. Phone Headline Value for Si Gabardines Sma rkskins Birdeyes 100% wool sot, $36*95 $39s95 Dinner Cost $19.95 Summer Tax Trousers $$*O Light Wts* I Sport Coats 23 Slacks from $4#, I, ATTA ITAfI TIM HOI "INDIAN A JANE RANDE A Murder Y "OPEN SI LT In GENT" )LPH In CeryECRET" SUNDAY & MONDAY ERROL FLYNN In "ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN" GENE RAMOND In "MILLION DOLLAR WEEKEND" STARTS TUESDAY 11 11Ip V Q ing for Store Management. tainly an eye-catcher in her brown The Personnel Clinic of Jackand white stripes with an accentsonville, Florida, tan employment agency).I ed low.-waist and a glamous-bow gnc) neckline. Another dress you'd find ville, Florida. June graduates it hard to turn down in our twoonly. piece linen that just won't crush! Prudential Insurance (Company mean really! This versatile, young of America representing much thing in wh'te with gay gingham of Florida will hold a group trim will not only meeting at 2 p. m. in Room 08 face the sun, but of Florida Union on Wednesday, is smart enough April 6. June, July, and Septemwith its bolero to ber graduating seniors of all colo to church Easleges who are interested in sellter Sunday. '1Coing are invited. ed. Did you Of general interest is the Ocenjoy C h u r c h cupational Outlook Handbook" to S u n d a y, Mr. be issued soon by the Bureau of i Steis? Mr. Steis Labor Statistics, We have ordered .Well, the mua copy. The Main Library will. of sic was good, but course, also have a copy. This W thought the handbook, to be revised annually, commercial was will make forecasts of future job kind of long) That's all right. I opportunities in a wide variety didn't want to pass that course of fields. Students are urged to anyhow! But if you want to get remember that April 4 is the last back into anybody's good graces. day for applications for Office just give one of our pure silks Auditor and Deputy Zone Collector a chance to help. I remember one to reach Civil Service. in particular with a slightly stifA. The vivacious Lee. who gradiiated from business college before coming here, likes tailored clothes, but she says in Key West she never wore anything but bathing Fruits and shorts and it was here that she broke in her first pair of shoes. "Red" Meenan, a Freshman from Ft. Lauderdale, is our ELIGIBLE BACHELOR this week. "Red" who loves to dance and drive his black convertible converted, prefers shorter skirts and short shorts. and thinks this warm weather at least good for bringing out the attributes of some of us. He doesn't like stockings but sweaters are ni(e. Yeah, nature' boy' Do we have paj)amas' In figures, prints, and solids piped with white. with bolero-type tops and short legs.B e cool for $3.95. There's an over-all Glamour-all for you-all too in this Lamplighter classic. It's almost time for the Easter bunny. Don't be last, act fast. You too can get your picture in the rotogravure' Come to THE CASUAL SHOP and get fit to flit: Paid Adv. Fontaine Burt Lancaster By L. A. Gatanis the 5 floors of the home office. '1 .4 emnIngto 'ns' morein-Placement Service Director At each of the departments terests among all students on dent government and assurig the Lang. 200-Afternoons Ext. 303 visited the department head exthe campus In their own student little man his proper representaThrough the sincere cooperation plained the various functions and government. It believes in a demtion. Lewis arrived ii ,Florida to of the editors of the ALLIGATOR operations of the division under oratie student governmentt. both play football leaving a fine stuanother means of assisting seniors his direction. The tour lasted in politics, In parties, and In adent government record behind him in finding jobs is available. A nearly three hours during which tual administration. in the University of Pennsylvania. weekly report of specific job opthe central filing, group InsurIn its attempt to build up interDoyle Roger.s another outstandportunities will be made in this ance, industrial, ordinary life, est. out narty has organized the mng campus figure received the column. Items of general interest mortgage ad loans, actuarial, Solons Cluban independent or'nomination for secretary-treasurer. will also be featured. This service and underwriting departments ganiz7tion designed to huild up inDoyle has been extremely active is a supplement to and does not were covered. dependent interest i politics and i every student service activity. replace the "Notice of Job Oppor-1 At the conclusion of the tour, in student government, and. at the At present he is chairman of the tunity" nor any entries in the the members met for lunch in the same time, offer an organization Committee of 67, he is past presientries in the Orange and Blue Floridan Room of the Roosevelt to this zroup that is able to hold dent of the Pep Club, and has Administrative Fulletin. d otel as guests of Gulf Life. E. L. social dances and functions. headed many campus drives sucPhillips, president and Kendrwk We have goals manned out incessfully. Rogers has proved himWe will continue posting these Guernsey, vice-president of the dildiallv and collectively .We self a tireless worker in his every notices outside of Language 200, company spoke briefly at the intend to: (1) reactivate the field which has bought nim into on the bulletin board of Temporary, close of the luncheon, and both liason committee. which Is a contact with every student actvity B A nd on te fit flor stressed the importance of the student voice. in the administraand its needs. Doyle is the outsandnorth end of Temporary Bldg. "I". necessity of a genuine desire for tion plans. This committee. ing man for ouir secretary-treasNotices will also be posted hereservice to humanity as the predomw'as he'un by Bob Ghiotto last urer. after on the second floor bulletin inant requisite for a successful casemester. but since then. the To uphold our most cherished board of the main labrary. reer in life insurance. committee has been dropped. (2) tradition Dave (lements was seCurrent Job Opportunities: T. T. Phillips, co-founder and provide first run movies on camlected for chancellor of the Honor Trainee in personnel work chairman of the board of Gulf nus at redu'ed rates. (3) organCourt and Rov Rhodes received the (June grads only) at CharlesLife, though not able to attend ize an entertainment guild to nomination for clerk of the HonorI ton,"South Carolina. Send letter had monogrammedbleather key provide free entertainment as an Court. Both of these men have long with resume of qualifications dicases presented, in his behalf, 'to expanded social events program. student government records and rect to Mr. Russell E. Burke, each member of the Society. There are many nationallyproved themselves to be outstandWeht Virginia Pulp and Paper --known performers who tour the ing dependent leaders. Dave at Company, 230 Park Avenue, New state duirine' the regiu1pr wli-nter present is a member of the presiYork, 17, New York. season. In the past. they have dent'.9 cabinet. vice-president of * m slipped all around the eamnus. the FIC, and was elected to the Office trainee who will be exThe Office of the Dean of Men but have not been offered a Executive C o ii n c i I from Law Ofcetrieetoally he exreceives numerous inquiries from chance to perform before our Schools by a large majority lat accounting and office matters. organizations interested in employstudent body. (4 to continue Spring. Roy is president of the aotin P andrbr oficemattepr.ing graduates. Many concerns cut Bob Ghiotto's wvork for a student Junior Law Class and at present is For St. Petersburgfirm of printacross the specialized training of Dress. with improved facilities chairman of the John Marshall ers rrd and offiJeontfitte Stdparticular colleges and departfor the Alligator and Orange Bar Association Legislative Comtersburg resident and June gradments and come directly to this Peel. These are only a few of it uate preferred. ('ontact u" office. the many planks of a varied promptly if Interested. .At the present time, information platform. Among * is available regarding the followI sity Party anu these candidates Statistics or math major Ining organizations:am sity of Florida student body deenthe Semno nraurosurance, terested in becoming an actuary. Sears, Roebuck and Company, tion should he a popularity Con-m Trainee to actuary of life Insurwhich is primarily interested in test. This coming year is the crject, .more and lighter Lyceum n tst Tis omngver i te ,Council progiamis with adequate ance company in Jacksonville, candidates for a Retail Training cial point in the University's hisFlorila. June graduates preProgram, but also has openings in tory. and if we want to have a seating for all students, a campus ferred. Mail Order, Auditing and Credit. gh barbershop, and enlargement of * Representative will be on campus rng goernment, e Tersay the student section of the stadium with life April 12. Appointments for interms ecapabe. Ner Thurdfor the benefit of the students who Ac(ounngpostihs lisflecion(ly. Look over the rec-i insurance company In Jacksonviews may be made at room 12, shouldd nthis are the larges contributors to the Language Hall. ornment. 'sour sh e i athletic fund. __________________________ I eprsenttiv frm te Nvalgovernment. (last your vote wise-1 ProurementaOfie wil bhe inr lva but. first of all, he sure to The Varsity Party wishes to Procurement Office will be in room ote And remember, to vote for thank the students for all their aid If you like motion pic12 for the purpose of giving in-, a man not because of what he i presenting a slate to truly repformation relative to the Nava belongs to, but because of what resent the little man as well as the tures that really move! Aviation program and other prohe can do. student body at la ge. grams under the jurisdiction of Advertisement We've got 'em! Naval Officer Procurement. Prudential Insprance Company -_ of America which offers excellent opportunities for men who have majored in English. Mathematics. y Mildred Langford fened wing-collar to help you Psychology. Accounting, Econom-1 take off. ics, Business Administration and Among the coeds sporting TIHE CAMPUS CHARMER is Soph. othersubjects. CASUAL SHOP'S cottons on camLee Robinson. thrice selected W.T. Grant Company which is Cheerleader, and a member of Chi TODAY & SATURDAY interested in candidates for Train. pus is Betty HensIey' who is cer'a t n Omega, Cavalettes, and the W. R, L R C SUNDAY & MONDAY Gregory Peck Ann Todd-Voll "PARADINE CASE" Mat. 40. LORETTA ROBERT TOMNG e CUMMINGS ___ 4o m APRIL 7 to 9 For the best seats attend the matinee) Diamonds CElAIDMA .IET CLID a ." :x 't I -I Watches Luggage -L OR 1I A I ,--,m CIOCK GSLIL .WUOII 

PAGE 7

.ygg winm ALLIATOR FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 19497 or Proven Independ ant Representation T H E Presents its Slate of Candidates for your approval Student PRESIDENT . VICE-PRESIDEN T SEC.-TREAS. CHANCELLOR CLERK .N . .a . .N .N .N .N .N .N .U .N .N Body NICK STAMATHIS BOB POOLE FRED McNULTY CHARLES "Jubal" EARLY EMORY DIAMOND LYCEUM COUNCIL ATHLETIC COUNCIL BOARD OF PUBLIATION Pres. ERWIN FLEET Members JOHN E. CORNELL ALAN W. JACOBS MILDRED LANGFORD DON E. NICHOLS Pres. V.-Pres. Sec.-Treas. Members WILLIAM TURNER JOHN MARTIN JOHN HANSKAT JIMMY KYNES FRED MONTSDEOCA BARTON JOHNS FRANK HURLEY BILL MOOR SEMINOLE Editor HAROLD DILLINGER Bus. Mgr. DICK CASSIDY Editor ORANGE PEEL, JOHN TRINKLE Bus. Mgr. HANK HENDRIE "F" BOOK Editor JIM SELMAN Bus. Mgr. DAVID MORRIS Executive Council PETE CLEMONS EARL MILLER PAUL McKINLEY JOYCE KERZEN' GENE LATHROP DICK WOLFSON MITTY ADKINS BERT TALLEY A. J. RYAN FLOYD KAUFMAN JACK LOWRY LEONARD VOIGHT HAROLD CHASTAIN GERALD HAZZARD HAROLD MIKELL CAREY PAFFORD COLBURN McKINNON AARON PERLMAN BILL BRAILEY Honor LEON MANN HAROLD HALDIMAN ART SAARINEN BILL BOARD EDDIE BOOTH VINCE HERNANDEZ BOB KIKER JIM KNECHT FRANK PRUITT BUD SOHNGEN RAY WUNDERLICH LEE ROBINSON DICK BYRD JACK CHAMPLIN JIM CHEZEM JIM FISHER MARY FOOTE ELI JENKINS WILSON WRIGHT W. J. MATHERLY, Jr. Court BILL WALKER PHIL ANDERSON art tu r enj] 

PAGE 8

I Library Slates 11o Fine" Days April 1 1l 12 Stanley L. West, director of the UiKversity Library, announced yestesuay that April 11 and 12 would .bW "free day" for all students OM1ing to return overdue and lost bdbks. West stated "The idea of a free 4ay was suggested by some students interested in the Library as a part of campus life. They believed that a day on which books could be returned with no fines or questions asked would appeal to students who have failed to return books became of negligence. "Misplaced books which haye been reported lost but which have been found later may be returned at this time with no feeling of embarrassment." he said. "We feel that by having a 'free day', these possibilities will be eliminated and nany lost or overdue books will be returned to the Library." When books are not returned on te, he said, it is necessary for tJa staff to check all possibilities before reordering a book. Since tha* process entails time, certain lat books are out of circulation for a long time. Many books can not be replaced. TMl FLORIDA ALLIGATOR -FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1949 Ic SI CONCENTRATIONQUEST tay SI: ent Sudy-Ha While members of the Sigma Chi fraternity stand smiling, President J. Hillis Miller pushes the lawnmower along the ground. Dr. Miller's services were auctioned off as part of the Campus Chest Drite. Sigma Several of the student assistants Chi was the highest bidder. working in the Library are taking -owr this project. Students that are 17 COLLEGES ENTER unable to go home during the spring Vacation will spend this time getting these books checkedSr In and back in the stacks before t Iheam and earnest deire nSuhs sebool begins. 'in Soutneas of Library Staff to have all the books aVailable when needed. With r ft completion of the new Library Top honors were awarded D pding, the Library will now at the annual Southeasterr lwve plenty of space for all of their Kentucky, for his painting! books. With this additional spnce, 1 sities and colleges exhibiting the staff will be better equipped to The oil painting by Stadl give faster and more efficient service. Air Line Film Will Forestry Club Be Shown Monda SItes Dance ED es Top Prize tern Art Show to Albert Stadler University art student, -n College Art Conference. at Louisville, submitted in competition with 17 univerg 51 paintings er was selected with two others as beinthe finest in the exhibition. The three universities selected for top awards were the University ot Florida, the University of Tennessee. and the University of Chattanooga. I The exhibition committee felt Saur ay Nih Eastern Air Lines Officials will the work was so exceptional thait Saturday Night present the film "Air Power is Ihey did not feel it possible to Peace Power" Monday at "the Inaward first. second and third place, The annual Forestry Club Dance, stitute of the Aeronautical Sciand therefore, selected three works 7be Timbermen's Tussle, was held ences" student branch meeting U1alurday night at the Gainesville Monday, 7:30 p. m. Florida Union from three universities which they Recreation Center. Auditorium. This will be a joint considerd outstanding. Beginning at 8:30 and ending at meeting with the Benton Engineerte meeting considered this show rAdnight, approximately 125 foring society. to be the finest ever presented at esters and their guests, dressed in Members of the Air RO'lC uni the annual conference and ata the garb of lumberjacks, round on the campus are especially intn to them, the work was of such danced, square danced, sang songs, vited to attend as well as anyightoualiy th w asto uate refreshments as well as enother persons interested in this e high quality it was difficult to bejoyed several comedy acts. subject. This will be an opportunity pintingowedentmwrk.Te A log-sawing contest for the for a preview of Eastern Air Lines tings hedta akd trend ladies was won by the team of aircraft, one of which will be open Itoward the abstract and it is in-, .M1ckey Swinford and Mildred to the public on display on Api wterestwng to note that all three top Dickinson. Each winner received 28, 5:30 to 6:30 p. in. at the John nature. two theater tickets in addition to Allison Municipal Airport. aThe abstract picture submitted a miniature cross-cut saw, inJohn P. Ingle. Jr., Eastern Air Ty tahtrpethp ir subed scribed with the words"tmbrr cb Salledra prheap intnge usemen's Tussle 1949." and Capt. Rudolph A. Seymour, 'a minimum nun r a cOils, ad The prize for the most appropriEAL chief pilot will discuss the the elements and-prmciples of de. ately costumed couple was won by film and give turther information sin welentsauticyslected d James and "Corky" Willingham-. during the general discussion pen -signwe.he auitn selected and _A f, 1_4* ,alaned. 'T'he painting in its enod foliooring thefinnm. Lt Cl. uas.k~.Jordan. ,chairman of the student branch 01 the stitute of the Aeronautical SciPos ences, will preside at the meeting. Io BandmastersPost An invitation is extended to the general public to attend. Col. Harold B. Bachman. UniThis program is part ot a series versity band director was elected, offered by the P S and the Dept vice-president of the American of Aeronautical Engineering to Bandmasters Association at a present aeronautical subject to meeting held in North Carolina on the Students and the public ,c-' March 19. cording to Prof. H A Thompson. Col. Bachman's band experience head of the AE Department. dates back to before World War 1. He was present at the first organivational meeting of the AmerLegion celebrated its 30th annilean Legion held in Paris in 1919, versary. Docto and he led the band at the first The Colonel is also a charter complain meeting. His new job as vice-presmember of the Greater Chicago that I r dent of the association could be American Legion Post He is a when yo considered a type of birthday presmember of the campus post and is Mrs.: ent since he was elected to the a member of the post's executive forget t office only two days after the council school." CAMPUS PARTY EARL FAIRCLOTH PRESIDENT OF STUDENT BODY LINDNER SMITH VICE PRESIDENT OF STUDENT BODY DON EVANS SECRETARY TREASURER OF STUDENT BOD'y ERIC WHITTED PRESIDENT OF LYCEUM COUNCIL We Endorse (G-AS Party) CHANCELLOR HONOR COURT ti et' can be called a product of our contemporary hile. Correction On McNulty Fred MeNult,, candidate for secretar,-treasurer of the student body, is not a member of Vloridai Blue Key, as was stated in last week's Alligator. It should ha'e appeared, "MeNulty is a member of Florida Blue Key Speakers Bureau." The Alligator regrets this error. Ond Good Turn r. iTo student's wife whr ned of a bill) "Don't forget made 11 trips to your hon" our son had the meASleS "M.ybe so. hi that he infected the whole JUBAL EARLY I1 'Rebel Reunion Opens Final plans for the "Lucky Eleventh" Theta Chi fraternitA nti ed T alk Aid Rebel Reunion, toda and tomorrow have been announced by fraternity officials. Slated H ere Sou Vice-President John S. Allen of the University will give the welB coming address to the visiting delFyB n wa tll egates and guests at the banquet Alexander Bannwart, noted leFlast tomcOrrow evening at 7 o'clock in turer and traveler, will give a talk neys th East Wing of the University on uniting Democracies to comUniv Cafeteria bat Communism Tuesday at 8:30 more Stuart Kelley. national presip. ill. in Chemistry Auditorium. Spe dent of Theta Chi. will he the mnain Bannwart travels from college of th speaker fir the evenine Kelle-, to college 'giving his talks which tion wh is well -schooled in fratorexpound the doctrine of uniting that nity practices comes fron. North Democracies in the formation of a he ro Dakota world order to fight Communism (lt. He is a graduate or North and to prevent World War Il. tweer Lakota State('ae ol a The lecture will be sponsored by he du law degree fromthe llniverit the International Relations Club ., of )mahia Ladm School. and is which programs several talks by leading p a a prominent statesmen throughout past master of Cosert Lodge A. t try. F. & M., in Omaha and Is a 32nd theHe ar. degree Scottish Rite Mason, a Baninwart, Noun in Switzfoand. well as a Shriner. ie iat r. came to America at the age of fo et raff ahrer.t ions pre three, received his high school edent traffic (operations superior ucation from PrinU on Uiversity. of the Northwestern Bell TeleHi entered Harvard Law SchoolA phone Co., at Oiaha. and left this (-chooI to play proDr. Frank Goodwin. associate fessional baseball.To e -.-P.V, -T_ ti -n .d, r -i I From Attorneys ighi By (astagna Put Under Mici i 

PAGE 9

I" The AAME 0 fME PLORIDA ALLIOATOR -PRIDAY, AMRIL 1. 1949 Promising -y embark on a rip, their tirst grounds this he Gators meet Lakeland and and Saturday triumph over list and Chuck ple and single ht-hit attack on earns. Triples ngled with one and scored on send the Gay lead. In the BES on FISHING PHONE 9257 9 ators after swapping Minnesota's 25-degree weather for 894degreenvironment, said that his two winning heaves Se first collegiate records he has ever set. It was also away from the Thompson-Albans performances, there was mJis who had quite an afternoon. If stamina and fortiI Punting Average .34 26 Scoring: Touchdowns -(Blue) Cox, Smith; (Orange) Griffin; Extra points-(Blue) Yancey 2; (Orange Lewis I. Little Leon Sikes Leads* Florida Golf Team's Play End Spring 'Gators Beat Hats' Rival Quarterbacks Shine g, JULIAN CLARKSON .NewInside.s.s. AligtOr Sports Editor As Blues Top Oranges 14w7 New I;side-Dope By Mac McGrew O0n AII-Ameircans The Gator 1949 quarterback problem has been solved. Coach Wolf's Jo Lvingston, sports editor ANqNUAL RrLAYS, strictly 'an individual affair be-: biggest worry now i whether or not the Florida grid reserves willofteJkonilJuraod P t trophy is at stake, turned out to be a battle between comeethrough in the clutches. of the Jacksonville Journal, told last Saturday at the sixth renewal of the Relays. Either Vic Vaccaro or Bobby Gruetzmacher seem to be capable of Amerinew twist in picking All, a hfty eigh manfromfar-way inneota ld e VicVaccro o Boby GretzmcherseemAmericapn e o Ameicaduerindgrag bbull .a a hefty weight a from far-away Minnesota, holding their own against any competition. In Friday's Orange and session at the wportswriters' banNoUr N ith Caroina's versatile speedster, took turns Blue game, which the Blues won 14-7, Vic masterminded the Blues quet last week. y with an ese that made the old records look and "Grits" quarterbacked the; --A Northern sportswriter who & ,soa achievements. Thompson set two marks and AlOranges. Both showed plenty of; was selecting his All-American -one better, Including a record tie for first in the know-how as Vic turned in the eleven got hold of an Atlanta better passing job while "Grits" Hknew e, ead vinet n ,, the final event was reached, sportswriters and specta-I broke away time and time again He knew he had to have at least Sting straw votes among themselves to see which of the for long gains after he was trapn orgit Wud' e a isa most likely win the coveted Kearney-Raybun award. ped trying to get off his aerials. fe A riwan The rest of the Gator backs fide A -Amnerican. PA System boomed out Thompson's nam~fe an the outshwdthianuetoe aiiy i. .n .g the newspaper, ake (by a one-vote margin), wcAttered boon were soe hi nusind blt nsann h esae, & te dh Abn r"sanar to carry the ball when called upon. ran across an article on AtWi a(byw. mealofe-eligmasgintatteans1'd bswr toryheballwhnacll d o. ianta'sTech High football team, Sb g rowd. enerlfeeinw as tatg ast twux obed" b Chuck Hunsinger, John Cox and mistook it for a Georgia eh ad hung up three new marksi nst two for the big Russ Godwin composed the reTech re Coret Gen mainder of Vaccaro's backfield and Tech writeup. Consequently, when o the track the two men in question must have concurred look to be the number one quartet he submitted his 1948 AT -ATH erSCHAYOL players w. re ineludg s entlmnents. Albans was standing near the OffIcials' th next fall. These men, however,.cnslcin, w F' IH a ~ouncement was made and threw up hi0 hands i Iewill not be able to rest on their CO:ae wr c gat when he heard Thompson's name called. The Gopher star press-clippings because the Bear' That parti.ul.r 1rwIN gone to the showers and had to be summoned. has a host of other backs who can -thae r larspos * * * * pick up yardage if given the opm ust have been almost i as con p tUBE HARD TO SAY that anybody was robbed by the .tion that named Bobby Fore% We'd personally have voted for Albans, but it's hard Its 1948 All-American team. hn wtet 2 t t rd him if he intends to retain the: a-Man who tosses the discus within 12 feet of the world's, number one fullback post. Myron G r r"Gerber, Naval Academy transfer .FencsFailTo e Fel 0 Nl have a chance to get even next spring if both teams GeAr rsFAtNeC ld fmr. The 25-year-old Cranford, N. J., speed merchant Is only THE YARDSTICKene ne e and homsonis usta sphoore TH YARDSICKThe new Universilty baseail Wb dThompson Is just a sophomore. I field has constantly frustrated pobplcsd up a story from members of the Gator track squad that,'Blue Orangeiy r IleOa~ tential home run hitters in -fames adM a great deal of credit to Alban's performance. Seems First Downs .9 11 peto dae r n trs i conCarolina ace is drawing 100 percent disability from the Total Net Yards ..244 210 tests have failed to produd. n a sin -)o'g supposed to have been wounded severely in both legs Yards Rushing .179 179 gle circuit wallop. have received a serious head injury as well during World Passes Attempted .6 9 The right field fence at the new he' b fr hehadistcrppe e'e ve Passes C'omplete .4 3 park is only about 3a0 feet from ox i that's the case, he'x by far the hardiest crip le w e,'veseeer -m poeee ...4 t The rlght field bar-tth n w pwfasure to watch in action. Yards Passing 6' si bs pleasurYtodwatch ineaction home plate, but the left field barYards In Penalties 10 rier is a good 450 feet. Longest mateg say he is equally as versatile as Olympic decathlon Kickoff Returns, ds. 2 r62 ball hit yet was a terrific drive nob Mathias. Albans was an Olympic performer also -in Punt Returns, yds. 5 0 to the bank in left field, which event. Fumbles .3 I1netted an Alabama infielder three Yhusoap was doubly pleased with his own performances in Fumbles Recovered 2bsed A d discus. The muscular Northerner, who claims he Pass Interceptions LeOi Sikes bases. pW 09 amNcations for the Kearney-Raybun award, there's fullback, outshone Godwin in the When it corne to "Doin' th power to pu.4h golf baThursday when the iMW what Tennessee's Martin Korick would have brought intra-squad tilt. Gerber is equalbest with whatcha got," Little Lelier tla three-game road t SUse. ly proficient at running with the on Sikes, 125 pounds of golfing Sike, is only x5 tail, and looks sncursTon off home to be beaten by a man rated vastly superior Harry ball, backing up a line and throwknow-how on the University of the part of a typical, student inseason. Thursday t In e Florida Southern in t MInnesota, a 14'8" vaulter -Korick exceeded his best ing mean blocks for his backfield Florida golf squad, takes a back stead of an excellent golf playe.i i effort by almost five inches, clearing the 14-foot level for the matInes Evenly Matched seat to no one Thehty Siken one of the Gators' leadas his SAE fraternity brothers call in Miami. Up forward. Gators showed him, can hold his own in, classIn Wednesdavs that they can put two fairly even let with the best of them, and room as well as on golf course. Stetson Dick Berqi IN WOLF'S FIGHTIUNG GATO n Bgave a preview of better Ilines on the field at the same has been a mainstay on the FlorThe Florida Gator golf team has Guinn, with a tri Ies ome in thedannual Orange and Blue spring tussle last Fritime However, these lines may not ida golf squad since first touring a good start toward meeting the teHaters'heJhng *oevnl athe eeen pton a show that packed more be evenly matched when the Gathe fairways for the Gators in best in collegiate circles thisthHaer'Jn than many of the regular season gridiron sagas. tors go up against such teams as 1947. rtSpring and little Leon Sikes, the BerquHatt J sportswriters gathered here for the weekend were nothing Georgia, 'Bama, Vanderbilt and The mghty mit is now in his igite n S e Jewel Walker si statounded when they saw Vic Vaccaro and Bobby GruetzTech next fall. All in all, the Mlorithird season with the Gator team, petition, will be pounding away away i the first Perform, after hearing about the "quarterback problem". da forward wall will undoubtedly and was state high school golfing with the biggest and best of then, Berquist's triple to M. it his targets with the accuracy of a bombsight, combe stronger next season. champion in 1946 while matricuall along the line. tors off to an earl 0hr of six tosses for 67 yards. But it was "Grits" who stole The problem of reserves appears lating at West Palm Beach High W by nmaing wild on optional pass-run plays and on occato be greatest in the line where School. Miles 110WAS trapped by the Blue line. the play is often brutal with mass In a recent meet with Stetson BATTER I ES-@-TI RES @ TUI ied h p ws taped by the Blunlin. a.mayhem. With such men as Big University, Little Leon breezedSe ced up 58 yards on nine running attempts. His aerial John Natyshak, rated the most. around the Gainesville Golf and H I CLL however, played second fiddle to Vaecaro's -only three comimproved man on the squad, Frank Country Club's tricky *,016 yard H 0 IN nble tries, for 31 yards. Dempsey. Cliff Sutton, Frank Locourse in a cool 68 strokes for a Hdual ground-gaining totals showed the following yardage: renzo, Bob Horvath and Marcethree-under-par round.-GREASINr-4-WASHING-PO FA-Hunsinger, 111 yards in 11 tries: Cox, 41 for 10; Godwin ,lina Huerta at tackles and guards, Sikes hits a long wood shot, beneven. Orange team-Myron Gerber, 51 yards In six tries; Grifthe Gators should he able to give ing well up the fairway right WEST UNIVERSITY AT 8th STREET for four; Parker and Gardiner, 17 for three each; Herman more than they take against the alongside the heavier hitters, but 15 for one. rough 10-game schedule for the his long suit is on short approach!*. 'The Iiinndlnger"'Allwisinger thrilled the large sttatlent1949 season. es and putting. He 4. a very "conlob b0 lwrout of bounds on Ue Ora ent Th endsnshowed improved play n ative i ayth taking eah oad ty Shn C k ed as a puntehe Oran". 12.both offensively and defensively.:f time with each shot and tin OM fUttMe Chuck hai been used Jimy mih,6poo.nneinhr85 just the right amount of turf in SJimmy Smith, 6 foot, one inch 185every play HU~ingr"needs nlow to make himself the most fearedI pounder, made the outstanding,' os esevery play.el bl t South is a trick pass play -one that'll be good for yardcatch of the game when he outMos observers might we 'Ca tight spot.foa lieve the little guy to be someI DW"T CARE~ IF 100 FWNK7. fought "Bugo" Griffin for a Vacn' dywhnewakupt PROFESSOR MOELLER IS TOO one's caddy when he walks up toPOESRMELE.170 L .B wl t caro pass in the end zone for the the tee, but after swinging a long FUSSY FOR yAR$.EJUST tI MtreISS BASEBALL nlt e will try to'snap a three -ganie final Blue tally. Smith had played drive down the middle, thoughts DRIVES ME flLD I f a belonging to our Gators here this afternoon in the center for five of the six weeks of may arise as to where he gets the 'Of a tWo-game-set. Victorious in Only si of 22 games last1spring drills but was moved to the -the Rebs haven't improved since 1948, however.at right en dslot in the final week. Suple of familiar faces li the Rebel lineup will be gridders Johnson did lin 1Y ole, the All-American end, and Bobby Wilson, fleet half"Sweat Bowl" game due to inX Wbe romped 99 yards with a pass interception here last Sep"Sres. His gemr net ill / S juries. His return next fall will g OH DEAW! WHAT A add considerable offensive punch A OURAA 1 a right-fielder, hit .359 a year ago. ig Barney, who plays to the Gator attack which will be SIN COURSE wasn't quite so potent with the stick in 1948 though. hitting bolstered by such outstanding new -PI., CECLE, IS! corners as Carl Calnero. John Pat -> Och Dave Fuller has apparently solved his pitching worries. sy, Smith, Hanford Knowles and fth now can boast four capable starting hurlers Captain James Temple. MUM~, Jack Gaines, Herman Wink and Fred Montadeoca. Only Captain Jimmy Kvnes. if he can Mu ave been scored off Gator pitching in the last three outreturn to his 1947 form. will make the center post the most formid-N able one in the SEC If he doesn't,KHERE, I DONTNCNN Bam Webster, another man whose KNOW WN PROFES-OR NAGGING YOU, A injuries might hold him back. will MOELLER BOTHER$ 'T.WEWANT TO WH Berquist Sets Pace be the wheel horse. If neither of s ME SO MUCH. HELP YOU CLICK SW these are up to par the, duties will OUT f WISH A$ A T$A WON S Top T fall to Carroll McDonald and HarYOU' ALLSTOP WITH OUR NICE f G t r B s b Team I3 old Hazelwood. Mcnonald is unNAGG6114 ME PROF.,-I TH I NKAND JOHNNYHKASA G,000 DEA PLEA .Elu $TEN OEAR tested in varsity competition and Odder Dick Berquist, who single triumph while Adams, Hazelwood has not proved to be 00S department, is tied f Gaines and Wink have each been outstanding. 1i two others and is se tagged with a loss. The Gator grid fortunes for 1949 &fOurth, tops Gator hitters Adams' victory was easily the add up to a wealth of good backs. Ak first seven games. most outstanding of the four, a noa fair to strong line and question who is tied for the hit, no-run triumph over North: marks at the ends and centers. As at bat with Catcher Carolina in the season's opener. Coach Wolf said after the game Walker, has a gaudy .349 The big righthander failed to last Friday. "If the first 18 or 20 men Maerage figured on eight four innings in next start. howand the reserves come through. 28 times at the plate. Inever. we'll be a strong outfit." But the lkrOI4 Long has four safe"Big If" is still there-along with U tip@ for a .364 but has The leading hito rs figured on a a rough 10-game schedule. to bat enough times for minimum of 10 times at bat: lead. Player AB R H Av. -regular above .300 LBng.1 21 4 3 Gator Sudent hasaChuck Guinn who G st-ui-.-.-.23 3 8 .3497 I~fey fur ime ot if113 2 4 .307HoeIn 7 four times out of R. Garcia .19 5 5 .263 Gets Ledoux .22 5 5 .227 I@Aw collected fourIFord .18 2 4 .222Oa l.r t oux ga es, is tied Walker.23 4 5 .217 Local ourse ewb hafor most runsA having sent five, Another golfer has entered golf4001is the plate. In ad--dom's Hall of same. Jim Van Bustwo triples is only one ATO Basemneot Causes kirk, a graduate student at the uRlmber Pounded out by University of Florida, joined the the leader. Youngster Much Concern ranks this week when he made a taa-r hole-in-one at the Gainesville Golf h 4Oes department LeSidney Cherry. son of the intra hnonery the cainse thefield with two but mural director, was glancing inand Country Club course. Stosely by four others quisitively at a portion of an inplaying goif for oniy a little over h a single two-bagger. tramural stc-y, lying on a desk n a ve. ibe. able to get a home the intV mural office. The six-yearJim used a seven iron to register old lad looked earnestly up at his his hole-in-one on the 130-yard. PLChers the honors father and asked: "Daddy. this par-three 11th hole. The shot landVOWd with four difstory's all wrong. .ed just short of the hole and he' NtNiving credit for the -How can the ATO's be in thr and Bob Adams, Jack place and be 'celnar dwellers At hipate.Hon esly ,% .another student. watched th eball ULU, reorde Wink and Fred the sarne time" roll in. each recorded a, 1A____IF ___A __or_ STAD I I I.,.soas.ts Lndne I .14 SmOs Comss i. Two Ceor White Clf & Bleek Potent Linber Today inrd error, sinles "by Kav and Lu Garcia and Beiqui.t a oume : c i threc ruT.n and pr vided the margin of viory as Monesdeira, who received errorless support froi hi, nates. oasted to ne% wn. Two mure narkcrs wert added Dr'lls Out-Of-State Golfers Florida ai golf team is comjved of s,1l home-grown products with the xception of two men. Norm Iorinelv is from C~hev Chase, Md., and Frank Van Auken is from Peoria Heights, Ill. i:: the seventh on an infield error. a fickler's choice and singles ny Jai k Ledoux nad Guinn. 01 the eight hits Kearns gave up. seven figured in the scoring. Face Rebs iy Paul Horton The Gator taseballers went ov i thu .>00 mark for the second tdne this season ana went into the lead for the mythical state championship Wednesday afternoon witn a 6-1 victory over Stetson here. Righthander Fred Montsdeuca, making his first start since coming out for baAeball at the close of football practice last week, hurled brilliantly, allowing only four hits over the nine innings. The Avon Park product had a neat two-hit shutout going into the ninth when the Hatters put togeher their last two safeties, a fielder's choice and an outfield fly for their lone run. Getting back into JEC coinpetition after a week's layoff, the Gators entertain the Ole Miss Rebels today at 3:30 and tomorrow at 2:30. So far Coach Dave P'tuller's nine has lost a pair of contests to Alabama and won two from Georgia Tech inside the loop. In other games the Gators split a two-game series with North Carolina Third Straight Montsdeoca's p e r f o r m a n c e against Mtetson marked the third straight game which the opposition has been able to score only once off Gator pitching. Lefty Herman Wink and Jack Gaines gave eight and nine hits respectively in recording the wins over Tech. Coach Fuller has Wink, Gaines and Captain Bob "Ace' Adams, nohit, no-run victor over North Carolina, ready to throw against the Rebelts, Gaines and Adams will probably open the two games with Wink in line for the No. one reliet job. Firstdi oad Trip Voiigtomorrow's encounter th 'loridians are idle until next, '< )T\ UP T o.::: $5 swimTrunks, play and Walking Shorts S sonsaf-onai bY s a 7 on 29 7 1,tr A?;m qalard' s and PoP"S! T" rd and .S an orni A0 o, c ,1 SI@% 2 o 44 And x.lorgel Hory or YOURS' 97 0 T~'" I 4 HELPS CECILE ACHIEVE ALACRITY Vmmv AND OBVIATE O8LOQUY 7CH'TCHI 1010 THINK SHE WAS CECILE,OEAR,YOU'LL NEVER 0 I FEEL SO SO C HARMING,. AND NOW MY MAKE THE PROFESSOR LIKE IRRITABLE I NEWSECRETARY IS ACT NG LIKE IU,IFYOU STARTOUTACTING COULD SNAPHIS PERFECT PTERODACTY! LIE A MEAN OLD VIR"AO HEAD OFF! MY THROAT FEELS RASPY AND DRY FROM SMOKING SO -~ MUCHTOO Ior fVF GOT A NdOVSR! Y NOT 1TCH PHlup 0 ENJOY THATn RIGHT, CECILE !PHILIP MORRIS IS THE A0ONE CIGARET PROVED DEFINITELY LESS SRRRTATINC WE'LL GVE ATRY TANK VWI tOFESSo SoC4 A N14 IMDEUGIOrED OUR ERSTWH ILE C0325U$ IAS BECOME A sANNERtOF WELCOME/! VE VERY $%WEET II #e~w~ ,% Ak~v06 4*, rp/e, Behind our playful plot, our IntentiOs are serious: we want you so discover for yomself the welcome DIEFERENCE an cigarettes that PHILMP MORMS can bring you. -Esaished PRooF of that difference is too exzenswve to be detailed here-but medical and chemistrystudents, who will be espeally interested can get it in published form FREE, by writing our Research Dp. Philip Mods Co, .0 =46A MV .-0-0 S AN ECOY$8AIW8 -. .CHANC-E,INOEEP'BEHOLD OUR TAK7 FODIMER PHJUP MoRals! CRON E IS VVUse Thise Words Wit Tuig4e-ChsAk (Ptan to a ONE ovay week0 CElRSRUS (sri; .s I-Th. ~thb.-.ded wah. dog of toe. CIGARETTE HANGOVER (Nowwr pre-meom it D.-weae. kti-Thet gst. m. -t Swee., a tight dry .n.@ i. ,.,v hroat do. smmking. I ICDTSIASIC 4k-dls-e.-es-ik) -.eap eis strippingo fp1mste emine. ERATO (err-a") -M.f Joye P.y. OslOGUY (obb.8-&wo).-t6.Gp.d.p tw.s ab. OBVIATE -o-.to -4g.r.dfevod. PEREGRINATING (pl-I,-rIe.y-6sg)-Roving .bo. PTERODACTYL (twr.dsk-fl1t)-A prhistoic wivged kmrd. TIEMAGANT .s r oy sagger TYCOONESS (y.&.-.e) -A "k Tired-Uuti. newO w .o w -I e r~*r A m f rwk EA I I i I JI% li r I IYOU \ : i e -* m w SPECIAL PUBlCIAS. j777' I 

PAGE 10

10 THI FLORIDA ALLIGATOR -PRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1949 w IFirst /" UJOw.).A IL 4tISI NIA By John Williord RECENT WAVES OF PROTESTS, which have landslided right into the laps of intramural officials in the past month, might have elicited consternation from those who've witnessed the usually smooth-running programs of the past. But to Coach Spurgeon Cherry. intramural head, the protests stand as success signs of his recentlylaunched cleanup campaign. Until this week, the most significant protest of the year occurred when Murphree C-D pointed a challenging finger at a softball opponent and claimed he was a professional. The case turned into a miniature Danny Gardella suit, with Coach Cherry filling in for a Man named Chandler. However. it took only a minute to substantiate Murphree's protest. which, in the end, was upheld. Then a bombahelli was dropped laat week over in the fraternity Orange League that sent cries of "stool pigeon" echoing from one end of the campus to the other. Launched by Sigma Chi. the team that opened a few eyes this year with determined -and sometimes successful --victory drives, the protest was aimed at a player on the Pi Kappa Alpha softhall team. Sigma Chi declared that the suspect had played dormitory softball under an assumed name, thus making him ineligible. This immediately set sail a cloud of animosity between the two fraternities that invariably follows a protest. When asked for a comment. Cherry said that. although not wishing to show prejudice either way. he was glad to see the increase in protests. "We know there's a lot of underhandedness going on, mostly in the Dormitory League, and the only way we can bring It to a head 1% by the method of protests. We certainly can't keep a personal record of every player In every league. so it's up to the individual managers to shun this '%tool pigeon' stuff and report any IneligibilIties he sees." ........ AS IT STANDS NOW, the Pike-Sigma Chi bracket is practically wide open. Considered a shoo-in until protest time, the Pikes with the:r 1-3 victory over Sigma Chi thrown*x out the window. will most likd1v wind up in a playoff with Delta Tau Delta, the team they nosed out by a single run earher. This could happen. however. only if the tw o teams go through the rest of bracket play undefeated. * ..* S* S e UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA'S first annual co-recrnational 'sports day". which is, in effect. a light diversified sports program with a male-female twist. will get underway tonight with an old-fashioned barn dance. Something like 60 entrants from three colleges-Stethon, Miami. and Florida-will mix it up in six sports the following da3. Our bet for the sport to watch goes on volleyball. Sponsormrg organizations cho.-e their all-star teams from representatives of 'ariois intramural squads. and we'll stick by their volleyball contingent anytime. As we mentioned previously Florida's first annual sports dia\ denotes a concerted drive by both men's and women's intramural staffs for a more-progressive co-educational programs and wl l eventually lead to it is hoped, a closer-knit unity between both groups on the campus. ACCIDENTS ARE I-SUALLY the least worry of the intramural department, but one occurreri this w eek in the Kappa Alphaq-Mgn_ a Alpha Epsilon clash that will probably go down as being one of the most serious in intramural history. Norman Cloud and Rayffhond Byrd. both KAs, sai a pop fly loomIng out in true Texas-league style. apparently in eay reach. The two men, running at near-top speed, collided head on. and ended iup face do%%n, out like a light. Cloud's injury resulted in three stitches over the eye plus a treIendous shock .while Byrd received eight stiehex. a slight concussion. aln a fractured cheek bone. S V S S S S S HERE'S THE ALLIGATOR Independent League AlI-Intraniural vofleball team,. and the dormitory All-Intramural softball team Both w're picked by respective writers of each league. independent volleyball team: Harry Hanilton, Presbyterian,I Icaptaini: Larry Gautier. Sewage Hall; Tom Diedeman. Seagle Hail: Gene Gatewood. Jax-Psytons: Bernard Dykes. Jax-Daytona: Bill Welch. Gat Mirs: Henry Cornell. Ga: Mira: Dick Wyke, Presbyterian. Dormitory softball team: Jim Overstreet. Dorm H: Jim Whittle. Fletcher L-K. Wilson Starnes. Dorm H; Barney Middleton. Dorm H: Keith Austn. Murphree C-F). Norman Walther. Dorm H: Ray Forsythe. Murphree C-D: Ed Prange. Murphree C-D: Kenneth Wilson Fletcher O-P: Donald Webb. Fletcher D-E-F; Conrad Knight. Murphree C-D. Future Lawyers Dominate Ranks Of '49 Tennis Team By Sandy chnierI Maybe it's signi*u@m that four of the nine men who play on the Urnversity ot Florida tennis tean, aie studying to be tutute lawyers. and that now they re getting their experience with other typesof courts. But if-that's so. how': can y explain the others' studying chemicalI engineering, real estate. h;nglish literature, business and pharmacy': Yet, that's the lineup for ba. j risters Bill Oughterson. \\aren D'Alessandro. Joe Dunaver, and Ward Wagner: aulfide man Piank Skillman, lot seller Jack 6orling, Chaucer-devotee il! Cohen, execu.tive Berney Segal and pill-nixer -Frank Wood. all of whom play a fine game of tennis on th, sidt' As for individual statistics. Oughterson, 23. a senior in law. is from Stuart. and kerveo in the t'. S. Navv for 11 months o'W'sea.q in the Pacific. The lanky star 'aptured letter. in 1947-194S and is back playing his last year for the Gators. Jax Aetter "Woody' Wood saw the light of day in 1925 in Jacksonville, played at Andrew Jackzwn for two letters. is married, a s itor, and \i on his letters alo in "47-1946. He served in the U. S. Air Yorce. Vkillman was born in 1126 in Gainesville, went to G.H.S., won his letter here last year. and served ir. the Army at Manila and Guam for 12 months. Warren D Allesando was born in Lake Worth in 1921. went to Port Richmond high school in staten Island. N. Y. "on jour lettvrs there. and was captain in 13 1-7-8. He collected the Ar Medal and Four Leat Cluster ius campaignan ribbons i his 19 -nc:ths in the At. Force overseas. Little Joe Dunayer, a constant zmir r who takes iding about appreaching baldness. is from Miami Beach., the shortest man on the squad at 5 3 1. played four years of high school tennis the Last as captain and performed one year on the basketball squad. He also was named to the Junioi Danvis (up squad. I ersatile Athletes Jack Boring, an easy going Orlando lad, was born in 192. played tennis at Orlando high. got three tttck and two basketball letti s be.ides. and played 1947 And 194. here for monograms. Ward Wagnet. the playing manager, hails frim the Magic City and Miami .ditson high school \\here he prayed tennis and basebal. The blond-haired Phi Deli plays the piano as a pastime and. according to him, gets along p'etl.v good With tie coeds on the cam. Aerney 'a,. a Tarnm ra ket ace, has neen xinnrng' consIsntly Three Schools To Enter Teams In Co-Rec Meet By Mac Mci.rew Another :irst imes to the Lrvrsit of Florida. The first intercollegiate co-rereational sports day will be held at the Universit\ of Florida tomorrow between teams from the I'ni verait of Miami. stetson and Florida sponsored jointly by the. Women's Receational Association and the Physical Education Major's Club in Gatorland. Compettiion xwr begin at 10:45 following a general assembly at 9:30 in the Brick Gynm. Iiftle board and table tennis teams will SPORT DAY FAENI 9:30 -General Aisemvly, Brick G1'11. 9:45 -Shuffleboard. Courts. 9:45 -Table Tennis, Brick GyM. 11.00 -Archer. Old Baseball Diamond. 11:00 -adminton. H8r ivc k 6yim. 11:34)ILunch. 1:30 (Group hPicture. 1:00 -Tennis. ('ement Courts. ?-00 -% lleyball C e m e n I Tennis (ourts. 4:00-Picnic,hi amp iauburg. vie first. Followed by badminton conibitations and a cher squads. The official opening will he taught at the .sqiare dance in the Brik Gym at 8 ind llii officialit close w:ith a picnic' Iomorow tternoon at I at Camp \auibiig. 4 tAl itramiiial officials ate invited to attend these functions. All of the events will he co-ecleational. Une boy and one gin make tip each team in badminton. table tennis shutfleboard. tennis. andl archery while foun boys and four girls xli rt 'ibine to torm olleyball tamis. Teani winners wil n a nnounceu at the conclusion o' the final contest. Register 'oday Florida conte. tans w ill iegiste. toda' fr'otli tO 6 rt the Brick (;k'ym Seet'a)Il1eaills frtomi Gaonland nave a I eau' submitted Iheir names and others will announce then intentions betore the deadIne tonight i sa All-America ltesmuan Cmet NMaritn Overbv has entered the aRiherx' contest and 0.il 'omoine with leanotr ('opeland,i Ravymonui KIll and Bill Tattim to represent Flot'ia The badnrnton team ar eadiiitoted is made up of Robe Lee Milam .Pr isilla Newell. ilre Hiracken and .ark FoI 'The shnIrflehoar d pushens ale Jerry Collins an Carolyn Papy Barbain Davis. Habain aiilgett and Byron Wist' will defend Foi ida in table tennis Local Tennis lntres Three learns have been entered for the t'inns natcnes. AidCndrew Ziebe a io !Pe y Ot erl'. .1 anx't h O"denthal and Ted Pt yor. and Betty Sinson ani Jriiunur' Windha II have signal. The Ziche-Oneiv' ile is aIs the eai'm1 t at wilN ti ft ail' repesen itle i'niveisit of lit Ia. in the Good Neignbor Totnaient i Miami iext month Volleyball contestants alreadyy signed tip ale r('R'olyn Papy. Jarkie Retlditt. Mart Frances 'Ditt'h Rhoton.Simaianti Ba rxxIk. Iere Whittington. Barbaia Dais. Bei oslrie Ba 1ie. Carol'.n Jones Bev le an Bev'an. I-Atcix'Ha million. Dick I\ke. Jim [ames Tart Pierte Hank Gardiner. Ed Prange and Norman Williams this year with his ateady court plas. He's a sopnitimote with a fex more Gatot eait ahead. Beine holds one half of the rlorida State doubles championship along with Andy Ziehe Bill Cohen is a Jackonvuiie proditnI fuom Andrex Jackson high. s,'rved 12 months in the Arm'.' mxerseas in kores, aild is proi of htns wirinng the 6th division doiroles championship while inetl And ie all pr'oinise tie nest con ar'n'or'd in FloidIs history' this was'n Yll just Cant stop that kind ,' spirit RODEO SPONSORED BY ALACHUA COUNTY RIDING HORSE ASSOCIATION Sat., AprIl2nd, 8 p.m. and Sunday, April 3rd, 2:30 p.m. Parade Saturday, 2:30 Thru Downtown G'ville CONTEST OPEN TO THE WORLD Entries Close April 2nd Noon Rodeo Office 795 W. Main St, South Featuring: Sports Day Begins .4.' .fr ~ 'I, * .t.". .i's ( huck "The Humdinger" lunbinger is shown cir ling end for 13 yards the firt time he c mail in laAt Friday*s Orange-Blue game. Others in the picture are Dan Hunter (7). Blue tack Gertwr (wearing noseguiard Orange fullback; and Don Brown (83), Orange end. The BhipeA. H team, won 14-7. State Writers See Relays At, Spring Meeting F to1 r1(a state sports.xrten xxouiod up their annual two-da\ spi mg meeting here last weekend by witnessing the Floritla Reia '. Othcl highlights of the weekend. asnnde itoiithe rinirine. business meeting. were the 01iange andI Blu, football game, a tour of the nexx gyninasrini ani a hanc et at the Thomas Hotel Fridiay night. A special g'iest at the banquet was Baseball Cominussioner A. B IHappy, Chandler. who came Up fruoni Sarasota. Achievement awards at the bar:'iet were tmade to A; Lang the iran who brought niajor leagIe baseball tennis to Florida ant the Dowvning brothers of .1anksot, Willie and Wan en 'ho baRked the .Jacksonville Anerican tLegion post's baseball earn An added attract ion Ft ida\ niglt xas th presentation of a skit by Signa Delta ('hi. professional journalistic fratern itv Str\ members lampooned pirinnent Flotrila sportswriters. atling lint a typical preashox Acene at a Gaton football gate The state spotswritei's association elected nec officers fou the losing year as follows -president Bob Hayes. Orlando Sentinel-Sta vinc-presideit. Pete Ntnit' Tanipa Tribune: secre a r.-t'ensm e' Ash Wing. Gaincsxville Sun -it editor Included on siX -i amnin boal d of directors A as Otis Bn10gs. sport scaster for WPVT1'F. Officials' Association To Meet Monday Night Then a will he a iGaiesville tu 0ff cia Is A ssociati on meetirng MontlA night. 5:30. at Teiip K Composed of iiniven sit y.vst llent s. He association tinged RilVonoC. teiested in officiating football Ani basketball intraminal gaies btnexl year to attend the meeting. AAU Swimming In Daytona The nation s best nair sein iers will compete in the Nationa! AAI' men s indoor iieet in "PAY-v tona Reach this weekend. Opening nIounds were run tt ves_ iierday 'vith the finals slated lte Yatuiida All deteniling champions ise entered with the except ion of M;Ilen Anderson oi ()hio Stale 'xl; \on both diving i'",owns last eal. His teannmate Hyice Harlan, i expected to sic ced him. Mary Foote In Top Four Mary Foote, Florida freshman, received notice yesterday that her store turned in last week in the pool tourney was among the top four carded in the country. The pert blond, if her score Is officially recognized. will enter the nationals at Columbia university y in New York ('iti,ometime thi% month. All expene% %will he paid. Florida Swimmers See Olympic Stars At National Meet '1he Gator tankmen attended their first national swi niet last v k kliet. t h" y matched st itk e v Ii1 1 the tA.) tItrIv s great "'it itollegiat e 5, immll tiel(St at Ihe heatifiil Notth Carohna t'nixetCorIlpetIng aga in:,t m1a i:x',of 'a te r Olvipw' sta -. i-loi la was i iia hl i<, i liI: \ \ i m f ta I event \\-all It'' I a it lx i t104uetet Olvp'w ihanipion. iet gained his title in the Ioo-'arnt free tWvle. 'A inning in the superb time of 50.3 To qualitv for this event the natimn's six leainLii" ft oe situ sprit!men hadi to be clo ked tinder )I sect itds The upsel of ine meet ociried ihen Koitl ( 'artel of Itrtdule tiefeat ed OlnpI atid National ('1amijiitti 1(ot \erdeui of LaSa1le in the 2111-vard breast stroke ('aiter tinishet seCtoid t o \'erder' in Ihe '49 NatIonials and :n the Olympisa Highlight if hpi t it fir the (alims wi'a B:811 Pepper extellpn1t showing in the 140 Poppet, sp i I itn atnd I lx ait t fthe '49 Ad. :'eat two ilt ixais. Bon ('a ffi'a'.' if Miani anid .lobnnHiles if Tech in his teat, Uno'fit'allv Bill :o arc the w t under li meIni ites. Kse 'i, tnesses say that although Bill heat Ca rav the trIg's a'. ('aIna time of r 4' 7t9 od B i I I the has tilt, nlrSi i i t itin i411'ho !I t lh.' taste-it 110 tmanl l i llth ,il!Ittj lit 'Tip-Crazy' Pike Tiet 'il J-s s Halt t It: Kappa Alpha s11tba .'rp-CIazV' i \ a: the Pike ouse nowada's Anit fi good tea in. ) In an i ill tan"t game th the sigtia Chis. Hfr. %e' his il tni e tip to at. .'asned a line-ti rx'e tip tint i i the helly 'it an insuspe 1ing St'. ,et tl \\ihen t -' itsgi1 t11edi si'i-k eper had leganei state Harvey ,N.lipped ti ree mi t anut W: Ws next attnri-tlni hit :ie rniii lre st at i 1 Lilt' iass. '',, di4 'xas nlit en~orgii nmxx ex t liint lumbet ing hat t e tnen gave one of nis jeeiing fratirnitv nrolthers At inoanted naircitt nh a tippe ha i. n~~wM~u'wn~vw% -1 *A %M -n -' Soft as butter. .rich as cream Van Heusen* Bonsaga! Van Housen shirts and sport shirts that wash like cotton ? 1 .ul uIirtmu ra, (tn broad, loth .in ^~onderful color, ...tiat Washes and iron, hike oton. Colorare fa't. 7y-re stav right -i ai' Jrt o res' if'\an Heii'-en Ronaa0, is trridya luxurN tabric' Tomo Furman Netters Here Saturday; Gators Top GT i'ea r.a .niN -t tin' tI the I -F i nan squad to st art ntf a a vy ee I 'i Ti ta t t11 iide.,4 a Ilia '.t1h toIr wi.nx a ftIcit, x ii%% Ii11 Rfli lins. aoi Iifile 'x nI I IIII lt' l'l i'da Sou c)II ei'Oer"Tuir'lttsibat'. al at'1 11A i'ies sCant at 2:: p. i. The Gators haxe % nitipietei a -2 soro )I st tar pulling oft a iiatri se r xiitoi'v itei the sectnt1itnkng ;F(' s( init thi'!ixx'elo i ke:s it (;eoIii ;a 'Te o. 6 l-:: 54 -:Ati nda' tot t hkei thirni.strain m confer enf', k\ in l I the Tein hatl I foi A i runs defeated l''lnila's ti)p mn' Hill i ugnti .on. 6-4.6 tnit Belnet. Sega: (,f I-loitia toned 1-itank ( )x Iens GTI : 61 6-3 to -eve"! \\atrrn D Allesantdi V'I'I it Ir n) ;o, don Stat n IS1ii -1. 6.2. 'r an k \\ nI i I hal gin tIh ie -.-s hbie getting n plet ist)i over 1,ots King 6-2. ';-6 6-2, lack 6.4 .and Joe [iunam i ifi neat lion Fel gison. 6-4. 6.:; to ice the at n k mi. #es ti AdIa i1.4 i a i irs I cipped 6-,. a ni SltAinIn a tnd King hoppeI Hoh'n ar ind Se'Al 4I-r 6-1. 6.4. D'Allcsandio ani Wood trtoo ihe line -'lii:ida ion hla vic otv. 1i 6, 6-2. 6-1 frm ir i i t ani 1, gu n. Gator Tennis Team Hails From Florida pllee %x' bute gi'. A' ll Iir,' IiemiIt''iitain id (l(htersI: A a nit') 1a I I-. iai itii ii Siai .4 antis o-captain Frank Woft another n!lior. Is from Aa( lsom 1!I on 'l r en' 1in q(j nIt -x 1e!d vr I S fri'oln1 .Ja'ksornv'itl1 Wilhan. (''':O. Frank Skillrian is a (;ain-s'iuur tno1 The MianuI Itne 'laims Tx o .tI I tn t'! f i n. M a1ii Hi-anh an i \\A iI \'\anriger froi Betne' Sega: tniimibSo one ,intglms ran: o e' ft om lake \\'ales, ,lak 1 Rorling aP' Or'lati toe an(i \\iar'en P ALessano hais "m1t 1 Lalk C. \\NIr !h mor x vptdict \wa q rearhed. zi21-12 and 12-21, Next Mortar Arid Peatie rail into Seagle Hal and 'von easilv 21-3 -nd 21-1 aftel tahig n o ver'whelIIIig victor from P.-S 210, 21-o Ilamilteil Shl ile% In h acket I reshb terian gave promise' of nthings io ionie b\ 'inning a forfeit frmn lt' n'th i ('lb and s(alping the I)ST's 21-1 and 21-12 ith Hartr % Hamilton d"1119 the honors, hem securing he sole right to c'halle'nge Mortar mn Pestle in th sen finals. Bracket threproducetGarM 1r1 as the sIp r i halengit l h' virtue of a win over the Saints in the quaier finals 21-14, 21-1 Pre roiisl vthe Beetlehauims we e def'at'd by (1.0 21-11 and Crane Hll cot ri's elili~lnate'd lthemselves \ia the double torleit while the Saitgated the tight t battle ;ar-Mtira h <dropping tihe \\ili'nIs hv forfeit Ti l t' m inas StiX\ ''eish\ t e lma's ia Hl 'am iliton Iei,'t MtI At' AlPest1 lea. lieihbert Mind iu* a match that caused some -petator$ to sally forth \ ith the stateitr.t t Presbyterian has a n. i ''qial to any fraterniiY repivsenttiv il the caipIIs 1o hia ket Ato Gai-Mii a dumped the >epts '.1-i and 21-A while grahhing ,ff a hard fought victory tlon the ('I.0' N eratille star The finals saw one of the greatest handballers in the Independent League, Harrv Hamilton Jst a hout as versnatile an athlete as has been seen on thir <anipus in np8y a year polish off Buddy bepatin of Gar-Mira 21-12 and 21-7 itcomplete their second trophynning performance in aq many .lp(nniI S. In handball doubles. Hellvats lost to (1O hy for telt and Ihe Saints h.'at the ('inch Club 21-14. ano 21-16 Bracket two gave Mortar aid Pestle ; their challenger hy the mrtciicine men't triumph over th' ep aod 21-1 after the Wiltinats and \Ve ex' dropped out by forteit In bracket three PreshYteran harged into the quarter Soltins Service Station PURE OIL PRODUCTS TIRE-BATTERIES and ACCESSORIES Corner of University & Ninth St. Phone 9126 audacious., .the SOLDER LOOK in shirts If tho' 11nd Of a a 1V lhf) t, 1-1r m a 4 v bhie ehirt 1 he np,, \ An Heneoen \ an RONd refrcits that str ofrdevil-ay ,Aro in i-r en ,lor, and ut n liltwidie a read eto ir hAP-h mv neextra -,,de ener petV *nho to -i '.le -dored with every-\Van Heusen qualtv do-tail --0 n'1 ti''ltree iff orr Vn H Bruwm hrlak out ofjjj,,j$.9.; Other \ an Heuien shirts $2.9'). and up V0 1 .n5n on for tkw waya myi All ~ jo-tic Hi l no" .bot (2) Jul$ Daily 5i for I p .Presbyterians Juq Info Independent I i i'orrest Taft tirnals on the str, t urrenty vthe hottest t ing sinVe Frnh and Dave i (;iandma turned her bustle on the 'resbytg kit hen stove. Presbyterian's high PSbvteriau's t stepping intramural learns rompended the Gar. -d in the Independent League the payoff game W load this week hv virtue of the:r taking BSU itf hWa pid t hi w ins in vonleyball 21-7 Before tj .d handball. The nolietbtillers set h Yv forfeit li hatnts di 0 n in the finals 1-5 ar,l the Beetlebsi 11 1 5-S and t-) -d tompleteit the Sigle duo. !hiri abefeing Gar-lra's fi'jteid to th hanilall teami in the singles 21-12 then ar-Mira 21-7 and stomping the Saints moped lip 21a he doubles 21-10 and 21-12 1' the semi 11tbytheir''one-man tea ii P kel off )oft I airx Hanilton the Presby't Rrans thot even str tlmpend ifff to an arly lead anti Seagle contingent ha Iled a highly 'nompetive Saint Ihi' last mo1n1 t w )itI ''bal ton gitm i It it o th' ,kires t i hi' Presbyterijn t heforre the Saints would ultter that ire ext'iting th hitlet of defeat ''UntIe '' ATthte Presbyte 21 --5. 21-12 P :itai mazemnt as the PresbvM essrs. Dick Wyk -(pedn' hi':t' second and if Presbyterian, Ili N'I d St?; iglit tripl> bs'i"e Gatewood ad F )ti fd e eIIent nia thrilling, but mot arrived the Itrant, StArted Otf festivities h game of leapfrogi kie d 'hron tracking down the Alpha Epsilon fore the Saintsthe lunger'mn team 21-17 Then a hi"it ad ol The raIpaging Pr Mortar and Pestle A'ormbine pi' 'tm ln their third a the skids inder Fsposito in a in one week. match that went three games be1or (t. t "07,0 I I I N 24-Hour Service A, GAIN 

PAGE 11

0 Records' ShattePed Hire Annual Flonda Relays Mural Standings Eternity League (Through Handball) Osge League Blue Leaa u' Gator Harriers Top Duke Team Bill Albans, North Carolina freshman track star who set three np%, records in the Relays, clears the final hurdle In the 120-,yd. high% Mith a substantial lead over the other finalists. Albans wae clocked in 14.4 seconds. record books for the Florida -N ..956 TEp1029 Scrapped last SaturAT -.862 SPE -26 .926 ATO .826 Cp.96 ggsaefollowing the runSX .826 .868 In Close M eet Axth tra-k-D.D.8(n PKP 2 S the f annual DTD -.803 PGD .826 PLP-.902 BTP 798 #"aiut sixtnde usal rackyr SAE .802 LX A .787 BY Eddie Siegel catMinder stars, Byri l. XA711 In a breath taking finish that ort Clnoa. led Bhe ?ZT -657 raised havoc with fingernails, Florof North Carolina, led the -.639' ida's fighting track team shook s empetitors from all over .613 off an early Duke lead and squeez.00ry in slashing 12 records (Independent League ed out a thrilling 64-62 triumph -I do 17 events. (ThrOUgh Handbal)e in a dual meet here Wednesday. "empiofl'Ia sophomore, out-did Presbytrn. .934 Gar-Mira 7 bAfter aching the Blue Devils jwigdable predecessor and Saints ...858 Mortar and' build UP a commanding margin, star, Forune Gordien, by Seagle. 851 Pestle 678 aPeriy Beard's cindermen came new marks in the discus J.-Daytona .8o CLO 625 roaring back to take the lead, then t. The husky Gopher Dormitory League won the meet in the final eventtu discus 169 feet, 2 5-8 in(Through Softball) the 220 yard low hurdles -when that provided the MurphreeFletcher Tom Bowman and Bill Sheppard ,jtjtanding performance in C-D ...952 D-E-F .831 finished second and third. respecmeet. His toss broke Temp H. ..925Thomas A-B .689 tively. If the Carolina squad had yo moorkHiyourke;nSledd G-G .864Fletcher taken third place, the meet would SoldMark by more than:Temp N. ..752 -K -'522 have ended in a tie. --' .-~~~~~Leroy Poucher, agile Gator star. Wins Trophy set a new school record in the V Me rophypole vault when he cleared the bar Sr ly because of this VUIIof r at 12 feet, 10 inches. But it was th was chosen as the outco-captain Bill Atkinson who ran athlete of the meet and ,off with individual honors for the the coveted Kearney-Rayafternoon, taking two firsts and a phy. The coaches of the second. tsd schools gave ThompFurm an Jim Griffin turned in an eyeAs gene poIi margin over North The Gator olf t opening exhibition in the two-mile We pointmagn AverNornhThee tgo eam, undefeated;run when he spurted into the lead Womis hAlbans. in three matches, will take on an on the last lap and won by almost jespMs heave of the shot Invading Furman four-man team 50 yards. WM ar&inch and a half to the old at 11:45 this morning tn an 18In the 14 events, the Gators and Mr being recorded at 49 feet hole match over the Gainesville the Blue Devils divided first place 1 wh-. Country 'Club course. luarels. with each squad winning AbnUM, only a freshman this The smooth-swinging linkmen seven. The locals were strong in _), hwg up three new records, i have scored wins over Stetson, the field events, copping top rung intly with a teammate when Jacksonville Naval Air Station, in five of the six listed. j" eross the high jump at and in the sweetest victory of a The summary. with five points jt, 4 14 inches. In the 120-1 tacked an 181,1.812 defeat on to for first. three for second, find one high hurdles the Carolina the University of Georgia. Frank r third: iion raced the distance in 14.4 Van Auken shot a 72 for low medfort wond, only to come back later i al honors. Shot Put-O'Leary (1), Dempitse afternoon and leap 23 feet Yesterday, the Gators faced unsey (F), Cox (F1, 45'11". tbu. inches for a new record in defeated Wake Forest, described Javelin-Atkinson (F), Cheek broad JUMP. by Florida Coach Bill Dellastatious (Di, Dunham (D), 182'9". as one of the best college golf: High Jump-Commander (F Two-Way Meet teams in the South. One of the Colvin I D i, Bosworth (F 1, 6'3-4". )Iisia and North Carolina better players on the Deacons' Pole Vault-Poucher (FiTaywmper naly responsible for Isix-man squad is the younger brolor IF),. Bowles (D), 12'10" (new .1gMra reonl tmes.ons'bwhile ther of professional Lew Worrecord). X now record times.' e sham. Mile Run-Marshall (D P. EllaGot&i Tech took top honors in Ihm Sn -r Members of the team gave a I worth (D), Willis (F), 4:42.3. u 40 elay, where they setangood account of themselves in the 440 Yard Dash-Grisso iD her mark, and in the sprint medr e c e n t Florida Intercollegiate Bowman ( F), Young (D). 51.5. ly. Tournament at DeLand. While the 100 Yard Dash-Reeves (D). AtAnd each of the two events run Florida squad, represented by Van kinston (F), Jones (F), 10.1. 6 the junior college and high Auken. Al Rossiter, Bill FernanDiscus--Atkinson (F Gardiner Aool elassended in record clockdez, and J. Busby, did not win, Ft, James (Di, 140' 1 1-2". Igwith Alabama teams capturing members of the squad got better Broad ump--Taylor (F), Bridge tgm of the four above mentioned results in individual matches. (D). Reeves (D), 21'2 1-2". In. Joe (yBrien, a loy-scoring mem120 Yard High Hurdles-T. One of the most nerve-racking ber of the freshman team. won the' Reeves (D). Rowe (F), Sieppard tam of the day for the 3,000 first championship flight; Van (Fl, 15.6. un-baked spectators came in the Auken and Fernandez went to the Half Mile Run--Bullock iDo, two-man duel for pole vaulting semi-finals. Rossiter shot a 69. Ellsworth (D). Campbell (F). 2:05. laurels. Tennessee's Martin Korick four under par, but was defeated 220 Yard Dash-Adams (F). bested favorite Harry Cooper of by Ollie Kay, U. of Miami, who Grisso f D i. Mcliinnon (F. 229. Innuota, sailing over the bar for came in with a sizzling 66. Busby Two Mile Run:Griffin (Ft, Mar& new. all -time Florida height had the third lowest medal score, shall (Di, Spach (D) 10:32. of 14 feet, 1 5-8 inches. Florida's 69-73 for a 142 total. Leon Sikes, 220 Yard Low Hurdles G. Leov Poucher took a third in the star on last year's Florida team, Reeves (D), Bowman (Fi. Shepent. won the consolation flight. pard (F), 25.0. The busy linkamen journey to Abs. Disappointing Winter Park tomorrow to play the __ One of the big disappointments I Rollins Tars who have won two, i and lost none. Alseo. Sports Calendar Today -Furman (tennis), here; Mississippi (baseball), Tomorrow -Rollins (tennis), here; Mississippi (baseball), here; Rollins (golf), Winter Park. Tuesday -Florida Southern (tennis), here; Florida Southern (golf). here. Thursday -Florida Southern (baseball), Lakeland. SDX Lampoons Sports Scribes State sportswriters. assembled here for their annual spring meeting last weekend. took turns laughing at each other when Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, staged a skit at the Friday night banquet. Entitled "Joe Sherman's Super Press Box," the skit lampooned most of the state's well-known sports scribes. Marty Lubov, called the spittin' image of Daytona Beach's 'Phi Delt Cagers In Jax Tourney Phi Delta Theta's outdoor haskethall t'arn played Ma rko of Jacksonville in the Jacksonvulle Outdoor Tournsment last night in the finals of the tourney, The Phi Delts, managed by Lou Ritter, advanced to the fnpls yhv beating Liberty of Jacksonville, Tmesda y night in the semi-fints by a wide margin of 60-42. Previously they had defeated the South Side All-Stars composed Landon Highs star basketball players of today and yesterday. Several of the Phi Dels playIng 'n the tourney played with Gator teams this year. Harry Hamilton was the only varsity player on the team hit he was the varsitys leading scorer this s-a son-. Mike Kelley. Lester Johnson and Steve Ptwell .played freshman basketball under Coach Severin. Powell was probably the outstanding and most consistent of the Gator frosh cagers. Two former college greats also played for the Phi Delts. We Paxton. former All-American cager at Goorgia Tech, and Harry Platt.oth fomU1 acksonville, were listed tn the Phi Delt team. Other 'anmp'ts nwin n'the team which went to the f r inI.ls wre Tommy Dixon, Dick Mitts and Chonnie Meyers The Kappa phas1'tn he tournament la 'eAr and ere sparked h big HansrTanzler And Bill Atkinson, two Gator vairsitstars. New Gymnasium Occupation Begins Monday, April 11 Occupation of Vmd ".la xlnns him w ill begn Monda.%.A prl 1It when the three offices in the wo-n en gym move to ther new of f i (-s The busmnes office, coaching staffs and intramural offices and their personnel will mii ake the long awaited trek outward. Dean Stanley. Coach Wolf and Tntramurl Director Spurgeon Cherry will lead their staffs into the new offices. This movement wilt leave only the locker rooms in the wooden gym open. As soon as the offices are va cated, renovations will hegin on the wooden gym and it will not he available for activities The Physical Education department will have to use makeshift arrangements to conduct classes which normally would be held in the wooden gym while the old landmark gets a face-lifting internally and externally. .however. the wooden gym will he available for Spring F rolics according to Dean Stanley Moving the offices has hinged on the installation of telephones. They were supposed to have been installed by ths coming Monday but, according to Sam P. Goethe. who is in charge of the itstalations, they cannot be ready until April 11. Access to the newly occupied offices will be through the main entrance of the gym on Stadium Road Only the lobby and corridor adjacent to the offices will be open and the rest of the gym will be barricaded off so that the construction crews will not he himpered by curious bystanders. Good Shell Gas 11 Bespectacled Clark Rice, Minnesota dash star, is %howkn breaking the tape inches ahead of straining Buddy Fowlkes, Georgia Tech, in the 100-yd. dash finals. Winning time vas 9.8. Pictured. are (left t4) right) Jimmy Walker. Auburn. Tom Mason. Minnesota; Re; Fowkes; George Bailey, Tech; and George Davis, Auburn. i 11 afternoon came when F ____'wlrruiu un MeFnc m en o re -a uBernie Kahn" by Arnold Finnea UM L Ad&=UIholderoIhfrock. Florida Times-Union sports iv~u dash record at 9.7 secCOneditor, drew the plaudits of the Ito qualify in the prrack Meef e1 audience for his impersonation of heats. The dash was won the Ne-Journal sports editor. Is Clark Rice. clkOther sportswriters who came in eOnds. h h .a uWlf oeForplye I VsIAer n for plenty of razzing in the skit like a photo finish in Coach Pay Wolf once played were Whitey McMullen iGainesmile relay, when Geormajor league baseball. His one hit The beat freshman athletes in ville Sun i and his golf game. Jimand Minnesota anchor was a mighty blow. The bst h an athls my Buni and hihtthe tape in record time.' The Bear played baseball while' the boys' physical education class-, my Burns (Miami Herald) and his WU first proclartimed.at Texas Christian University es parade their track talent this aloof attitude toward fellow abut wi subsequently I along with histgridiron gallavritafternoon in the finals of the third scribes, Dan Hall (St. Pete Times i her n the Judges found ing and moved up the baseball ladannual Physical Education Invitaand his "clean living". Arnold M nnegta's Tom Mason had der after graduation instead of tional Track Meet. Finnefrock and his habit of breakWith individual gold medals for Ing AP release dates, and Pete .V lane. The blue ribbon sticking to football. first place having lured about 250 Norton and his recent war on Bob Vut to Tech, but without an He finally got to the majors plac etving pre 'ar. Hope, who failed to show up for record. The time I th Hifisadltpearance at 'boys into competition. preliminarHp.wofie oso i o rW5ret at 42.3. the plate was one of lasting merics were held yesterday in an efa golf tourney appearance in Tamawa ys good for ou t ory th one m no nfirstg Coac" fort to draw out the cream of the pa recently. always good for outory. With one man on pate. yearling crop for today's finals, SDX members who took part in relay p slated for 4 p. m. the skit were as follows: Ted frOn the old mile relay pitcher threw. the Bear swng The athletic department sent Shurtleff i Joe Livingston. Jax -1clicking off a 3 minute, and hit one through the box. No.1 out invitations to all freshmen Journal); Elgin White (Joe Shervictory. But Maryit wasn't a base hit. The result students who met at least one of man, University SPOts publicity in the two-mile relay I was a fast double play. the following requirements: 100 director); Julian Clarkson iMcaMinnesota's distance W Thus began and ended Coal yd. dash---11.5 seconds; 120 yd. Mullen); Mac McGrew (Finned new ks t ary r glow hurdles-15.5 seconds: 300-yd. frock): Jack Shoemaker (Hall): 55.3 seconds. careerrun-37 seconds (or 26 seconds In Jack Ledoux (Norton 4: Lubov White House Hotel Dining Room Entertain Your Friends and Family Well Noted For Its Excellent Cuisine Meels Served In A Truly Southern Atmosphere Breakfast-7-9:30, Sunday 8-10:30, Dinner-6-8:30, Sunday 12-2. DINNER FROM $1.00 Phone 1223 SORRFNTO'S Famous For Real ITALIAN FOOD Michigan at Alabama Street #I GO 1 Mile North on 9th St., Turn Right at Traffic Light on Corner of Michigan the 220 yd. dash); half mile run (Kahn); Joel Cocks (Bob Hay -2 min. 30 seconds: pole vaultOrlando Sentinel -Star); R 8 ft.: high jump-5 ft.; broad Reyes iBurns); Jack Butts (Chi Jump-18 ft: shot put-37 ft.: lie Wadsworth, Orlando Sentim softball throw-250 ft.: (which Star): Charles Watts (Fred Pe qualifies fbr the javelin). John, Tallahassee Democrat):J Besides trying to cop a first Sharpe (Otis Boggs, WR place, the frosh will be out to shatsportscaster): Jack Griffin, ter the following records: 100 yd. well Brown, (WRUF sportscaste dash-John Jenks. 10.5 seconds; and George Everson, Ralph Ol 120 yd. low hurdles--Jack White, Ed Davis, Barton Johns and Ja 14 seconds: 300 yd. run-Tom WatFortes. kins, 34 seconds; half mile runThe skit was written and dirv Bunny Smith, 2 min., 12 seconds; ed by White, Clarkson and pole vault-Claudia Ros0 ft., Grew h 10 In.: high jump-William Cole and John Brown, 5 ft. 7 in.:broad jump-Williatm Cole. 20 ft. 5 In,; shot put-Elphis Harden Albans Set Five Marks 40 ft., 3 in.:javelin-WilliamMas-At Carolina Invitational sey, 125 ft. 8 In, yes. arnelttiJim TF gePr i: live. ack ectMcBill Albans, North Carolina28year old freshman who set three Frosh Netters To Play records in the Sixth Annual FlorIida Relays, set five records in the Coach Bill Potter's FlI o r i d a Carolina Invitational Meet at Freshmen tennis team will be after Chapel Hill early last month. Its third straight 7-0 victory toAlbans is equally adept at all morrow afternoon against ettKersports. He originally reported for linus High School in St. Augustine. the frosh tennis squad at North Led by Leon Wilson of JacksonCarolina and just happened to be vile, the Baby Gators have already running on the track one day defeated Sarasota and Ketterlinus when the track coach grabbed here. him. -jTRAOE TRANSFER do I wasowic 9V ~'ll 'nU I w Iia ALLIGATOR -FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1949 Freshman Nine Opens Season% Next Thursday THE FLORIDA 3yThompson, .n.jota Star, M. Top Honor -3aleigh Greene Beta Theta Pi outslugged a previouslv unb)aten [Ihi Gainina Della nine 12 to lo last Wednesdav to mo e into the Blue League softha H finals The Betas appeared to be hopclessly outclassed as theY came to bat in the bottom half of the 4,(ond inning on the short end of a 10 to 0 score, but prl needed to lav d( wn an el-von ha tharragr that reduced t he Phi (Imi n lea d to a single' run hetore tht inning was over. lThev thon shoved across three more markers in the next two innings t( sow up the game and become the first team tn either league to earn a spot in the finals. Sigma Phi Epsilon knocked off t-fending champion Lambda (Chi Alpha 7 to 1 hehind the two hit hurling of Jack Dyer to move within Ine game of the racket one title. Only a hot and cold Chi Phi combine !tanlel hetv en the Sig F'pR Ranithe remaining Blue Loop SPFE Extended Zeta Beta Tail gave the red hot SPFs their werst srare. the slow. tantal'zmnt ,ffo ings of big El Resnick haifled the Sig Eps for five innings, hut Th.st their charm in the sixth when SPE teed off for eight runs The Orange League pitture is nit quite so clear Sigma Nu. Phi Delta Theta. Delta Tau Delia. and Pi Kappa Alpha, the pre-tournev favorites have aill been beaten Fit. least ,ncl A surprising Pi LamrdA Pill team has notched wins over Kappa Signia and Phi Delta Theta to remain the only tindeteated 'ltb in bracket one The hitting of first haseman Ir .in Leider. and the p thing of Flmer Oliphant has held the spoltight in both Pi Lam r) u mphs. In the sAme bracket Kappa Sigma put the hat wi league ll admng Sigma Nu in the final iimnm of their clash last Tuesday and Came off with a 6 in: : deesion to fitrther toiil thr i'sue Phi lDelt Jolted Sima Nii in turn virtually eliminted Phi D,!ta Theta hv trim,ninM then 5 t 2 in an ext ramning cont est This Irs al I'r, the Phi Delt hopes for a th'rd straight lkagie chanpiwhip The bracket-t-o scramhle m as a loi-fight bet.e-n SAP Telta Tait Dret. and Pi Kappa SAE is the onl, unbeaten member of the trio, but as yet has faced neither of it's main rIvals. Pi Kappa Alpha's bullet Bill Boyd aid Peta Tau Delta's Red Burt hooked up in a siZ7lng pitching duel thai -an tvd 1 --t on top 3 to 2. Bob Alexander and Soup Canpbell, thiut taseut centerfielder, respectively. led the Pike offense. The Pi4es then plastered qigms Chi 10 to 3 only to lose the decision on S protest. or more. More Games The Baby Gators, with a lo-gamke schedule already set. meet Greeni Cove Springs Friday afternoon and then are idle for two weeks. Coach McCachren indicated that he is attempting to arrange a four-series with Chipola Junior College to round out the card. If the negotiations go through, two or more of the tilts will probably be used to fill those open dates. Boyd's Barber Shop 317 W. University HOBBY FANS!!!I I Announcing The Opening of a Complete Line In 4 Airplanes, Scale & Flig *0 Airplane Motors 0 Model Trains 0 Racing Cars 0 Boats And Toys for the Kids Doors Open 10 A.M. Tomorrow, Sat., 2 April 619 West Main St., North '"FOR THE BEST" Come And Visit Us For Your Dry Cleaning And Laundry Needs student drivers 0 John McCutchen 0 Robert Dyar Jr. Eddie Hill 0 Hilton Teal Dry Cleaning 720 W. University Ave. Phone 48 Coach Jim McCachren's freshman baseball team opens its season next Thursday against the invading Jacksonville Naval A.r Station nine. The contest will !_,t gin at 3:30 p. m. The Baby Gators. who have tiweeks of intensive practice untiI their belts, scored a 11-2 victory over the P. K. Yonge nine Tues Iday afternoon in a practice, ganit'. Against the varsity last Szueu., the frosh lost, 1 G .n a wkld-plav'I nine-inning game. The frcshnia:n scored all their runs off Vred Montsdeoca in the first few fratmes. In regard to prospets for tIe season Coach Mc Cat ren rtporset that the team as a whole has > ed "much better' in the last se\ eral days. The nvit a 'me Iq particularly pleased over the ork t his pitching stalt and listed three men who have shcwn up exceptionally well. They are Walter Btchem, Harold Driver, and Fred Sivia, all righthanders. First Base Battle The biggest battle going right now is for first ba ,, where Ed Gonzalez and Ben Ward are fightByrl Thompson, Minnesota weight man, nosed out UNC's IU Albans ing it out. The genial mentorfatfor the third annual Kearney-Raybun Memorial Trophy. The trophy ed with a tough decision to make, is in memory of Francis Kearney and Al Raybun, members of the said "there is little to choose be1940 Florida track squad who lost their lies in World War 11. M king tween the two." Most of the oththe presentation are three. classmates of Kearney and Raybun-Billy er positions are set with at least Richaadson (left). ieanopy; Bill Thompson (second from left), Jackone outstanding prospect at ea. 1 %onville; and Ben MeGahey (right), Miami. position, however. In the outfield Bert Finch adu Emmett 'Wever have stood out iin Sthe last several sessions. Fred SE NL dKirtland, who was being cowited on to fill one of the starting psitions hurt his ankle sliding into Blue Loop Softball Play second base Saturday against the varsity and will be out for a week w GAINESVILLE LAUNDRY A Just Like New! A point lob can do wonder for that old aer Of your,! Or maybe it just needs tender repair or glass replaced. We else do reupholstering. Nes ie to brlrg it im oftr old f,'tl"ful" as tokh e winter beating Florida Body Works Delco Batteries EASTER VACATION on Romantic, Beautiful Gasparilla Island Ideal Cottages, Ideal for Couples r House Parties -Student Rates. Free Swimming 'olf and Tennis A o sv -c.%DI mr I I I 

PAGE 12

method. They simply tear down the campaign literature of another candidate and substitute their own, or they slap their propaganda on top. That lessens the effect of the other man's campaign and causes him to spend moreT money getting his posters replaced -a sure-fire, shrewd method. Others, who have some qualms about doing that, get, rid of their inhibitions by displaying their literature Oil newly-painted walls via the thumb-tack or scotch tape method. Then, when they're pulled down, holes in the wall By Pat Collier are obvious if tacks were used and paint peels off if sunday and Monday scotch tape was used. Others who get a big kick out of I"he Accused" this trick are the maintenance department, the business Following on the heels of his treoffice, the administration, and the Florida tax payers. Mendously successful thriller, "SorOne candidate yesterday must have thought job opry, Wrong Number," Producer Hal his uWallis comes up with another masportunities for students subordinate to his qualiications. terful suspense drama. lit is ParaAccording to the employment office, 20 posters advermount's emotion-charged melodratising job openings were put up Wednesday night, and ma, "The Accused," co-starring Thursday morning they were all replaced by the smiling Academy Award-winning Loretta mug of a candidate. It occurs to us that jobs, as well as IaYoung with Robert Cummings, J Featuring Wencll Core., "am elections, may be important to a few of the students. Jaffe and Douglas Dick. Let's see some fair play and judgment exercised on this 1n "The Accused" Miss Young, campaign literature. It isn't necessary to smear the entire I will be seen as an inhibited teacher campus, nomatter. hat the political advisors may counof psychology in a western unipversity where she becomes involved the "Big Fivecandidates or eacn pari im11i gi"e you an idea unclouded by "ratio" figures. Neverthele-s, the distinction Is over-played by all parties simply to gain political advantage. Alligator Praised By Newspaperman Dear Sir: someday the University of Florida Let me congratulate you on putwill have such a plant. t Your editorial page in particular ting out a fine weekly newspaper. Looks gLod. And one of your cotIts size is a far cry from The AlIiumnists, Marty Lubov, has shown gator of pre-war days, and its edian originality of thought and a torial contents compare very favcrispness of expression not freorably with the daily publications quently found anong college or of universities fortunate enough to working newspapermen. have a good plant for the training Odell Griffith of journalism students. Perhaps Pensacola News-Journal Miller Congratulates Miss Overby Editor: shall not defer to anyv freshman or. Dear Miss Overby: for that matter, to any student on University presidents. traditioncampus in the .ride experienced ally, are supposed to spend their because of your having won such days with budgets. committees, a contest. It is significant that and academic matters generally, such an honor should come to a so that little time is left for the Florida girl within one year after lighter and more pleasant things coeducation was established here. of life. I want to tell you, however, We all uhare with pride and joy in sel. in the death of a student. What that nothing has pleased me more 1 happens when they find out that since coming to the University of she is "The Accused" and how she Florida in the Fall of 1947. than .reacts to the wave of fear that the selection of one of our' lovely L beledSm washes awa> her studied self-concoeds as the "College Freshmen Gym-Defacing aVanaa m trol are said to i.iake the film a Queen of the United States." I You don't have to scratch your names or initials on the masterpieceof suspense. valls or beams of the new gymnasium to be remembered Tuesday and Wednesday -Dr. M iller Explains inhistoryIs"The Kissing Bandit" Editor: in history. s. There's song-and-laugh-filled enThe students from West and, entertainment in "the Kissing BanSouth Florida have requested me: other day when he said, "The gymnasium is a beautiful I dit," M-G-Ms galloping new Techto intervene so as to have Spring piece Of work, and it will continue to be so if students Inicolor musical, with Frank Sinavacation begin on Thursday, April will take care of it. But, he added, "this doesn't seem to tra as a bold, bad bandit and Kath14 rather than Wednesday. April be te cae fo it. a h'ent ad thugh thes btsdim ryn Grayson as the singing senor13 and continue through Monday, be the case, for in a recent walk through the building, I ita who leads him on a merry April 18 rather than through Sunfound many names and initials of persons scratched on chase. day, the 17. the walls and the beams of the gyr.' Laid against spectacular back-' I have explored this matter with The ymnaiumis oe, o th larest nd ost od-grounds in California's High Sier-1 the Administrative Council and it is ras, this rib-tickling story moves is the opinion of the group. in ern in the country. This building, housing the offices of at a breakneck pace. It concerns which I must logically concur, the Department of Physical Education and other related a group of former bandits relucthat (a) it is not good policy to' fields, cost $1,600,000 and took several years of steady tantly turned respectable until Riet cardo (Sinatra), son of their onework to construct. ad Siar),snofter n:Student Seeks 'Stral Thirk defcntr uldbtime leader, the kissing bandit reThis defacing could be the vandalism of students, but turns to California to lead thevn. Editor: we're inclined to think that college men and women Last Saturday I bundled all my wouldn't commit the acts that Dean Stanley mentions. We Thursday through Saturday -laundry, which consisted of one isdnotthnakeeping DConmaneyecisyon" tux shirt, three white collar shirts, An know that defacing public property snot"Cmmand Decision." the Wil 'five sport shirts, four pairs of the honor which has come to you and to th6 University. May your reign be as nappy as we know it will be queenly. J. Hillis Miller President Holiday Dates tamper with the University Calendar since it is our firm contract with the public; and ibi most people have made their plans for Easter ;ind it would be difficult for many of them to change. I hope that you fellows from South and West Florida. garden spots if you please i can have dinner with our folks on Easter Sunday and still be on the job Monday morning. J. Hillis MIlter President yed'Laundry I am in no poistion to buy any more clothes, so you can realize my predicament. If you would. print Uis letter, perhaps the person whi took my bundle will re-) e THE PLORIDA ALLIGATOR -FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1949 Official newspaper of the University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida. Published every Friday morning during the year and entered as second wlass mail matter January 30, 1945, at the Gainesville, Florida. postoffice under the act of Congress of Mareh 3, 1879. Formerly published bl-weekly. se Application for change of frequency to weekly pending. Subscription per 4 S / E e school year for alumni -$1.75; others -V.00. B li ht Editor-in-Chief .Ted Shurtleff Pull' in your ears, students, for Managing Editor .Jack Shoemakerinow that the political slates have been announced, there a going to Business Manager .Ed Grafton be adjectives thrown around that you never knew existed, even in the C-3 department. EDITORIAL BOARD Yessir Spring is in the air, and so are a lot of other things. You Executive Editor. Bob Browderl News Editor Bill Scott; Associate .are going to hear, Editors. Elgin White. 'Marty Lubovs Bart Johnst Features Editor. Frank more impossible Hurley; Headline Editor, Jack Humphries; Proof Editor, 'irt Sheltons promises more Art Editor. Ed Fluker; Rewrite Editor. Ralph Olive.p lousy speeches. you're going to SPORTS STAFF tyu bak Sports Editor, Julian Clarkson; Assistant Sports Editor. Charles Meget your back Grewl Intranmurals Editors., John Williford and Sandy Schnier; Assistslapped so many ants. Forrest Taft. Steve Weller, Clyde Pierce, Eddie Siegel. Ros EngAmes that you land, Paul Horton, Raleigh Greene. will think you've, swallowed one of -/ -~""~ -' --EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS 'the Budget ComGerald Clarke, Mildred Langford, Peggy Clnyton% Elaine [skin. Walter mission's pickles, Cunningham, Mary Foote. Bob Gaines, John Harrison, John Baker. Lynn 'nd you are goWest. ing to be wooed by all sorts of politicians who hope REPORTERS to get elected. Jno Adam. OGreta Andron rDorothy Borbidge. Walter Carroll. Doris This is one time of the year that Moor, Boyd Ogle. Gloria Palter, Jules Shapiro, Kytle Williams., Wiln Wright, Pat Collier. Barbara Ann Padgett, Jack Fortes, Ivan Finman. Florida's "Hello" tradition is over-. Margaret Jennings, Bill Dunlap, Holly Brumby. Walter Prescott, Dave worked. All the politicos can't take Morris. Bob Gibson, Fran White, Libby MacGowan, Byron Smith. a chance on missing anyone, soL SI'NEss STAFF Ithey say "hello" to everybody. Assistant Business Manaer r Wd ttacri Adrsi Maand most of them even say "hello". Hugh Stumps Accountant. Mel Fruniken; Axiostant Adver tisi n to Lyman Pickett. You know the afer, Leon Handley; National Advertising Mannger, Link Elosory; Local chips are down when that happens. AA CooEON, Advertising ager. Jim Spencer; Circulation Manager, Bob WSentherl','; There are going to be so many Merchandising Manager, Everett Haywgood; Agent,,, Ned Sinder. Bernie I gy akn rudwt mlsN M Freed. Walt Apflebaum. Loule Adcock, Jim Kerr. Marvin Bobbinarl guys walking around with smiles Penaington, Jin Selman, Ray Winstead. Ed Stern, Phil Wanger, ilol, all over their puss that you will, eHerlr, Hugr lawyer. Kenneth K ullmar Axxintant Accountants. Paul think someone in the Pepsodent Icherer, Beverly Stein: Make-up, Jinmm5 River,,, Maynard Haaliug; Ansopan has been giving away, sistant Circulation Manager, Dave Parrish; Circulation Assitant,, Bob many h_ __been__ngw_ _' sweet TonHills, Lawton Chile. 1oiy' BHoyleo, iBruce Booher: Mailing free toothpaste on condition that Manager, RheaBostick; Special AssoItantft, Jack Roigerson, Dick Lemon, these pots advertise the paste with Harry Browstein. their puss. Cam pus Opinions The ones I feel sorry for are the coeds who are running for office. At least it's a change from Lettirs To The Editor Is It A Popularity Contest ? the kind of running a lot of them What is this election? A popularity contest? have been doing around this cam-' Fhat week we've noticed that e aodidate fot pus full of wolves. These poor gals Editor's Note: The Allgator does not print unsigned letters. HowFor over awekw'bdtfhthrycand tefor have to smile and show the toothever, if students sign letters and wish their names withheld, we will aa. I tt body office is the possessor of dependability, ies too, and any time a gal smiles do so upon request. Maximum length is 250 words. Opinions exc ability, sincerity, experience, and so on. Every building at a guy on this campus, he impressed In letters to the editor and in the colunis are not neceson campus is plastered with posters extolling the virtues mediately considers himself ensariy those of the ALLIGATOR. or our politicos. gaged. oreouwanltico k -I am glaQ to see more girls getWe want to ask one thing, however. Just exactly what timg into politics around here. At do these 'qualified" candidates plan to do for the stuleast they now have a say SO Sam Love Explains Position dents? As yet-six days before election osre have not instead of a say "no" all the time. Editor: Wednerday evening that Earl Fairseen a single platform. Every candidate appaentl is too tAnd I don't doubt a bit the fact My withdrawal from the race cloth, the best qualified man on bsythat they probably could do as for the Presidency of the Student I the camrnpus, would run for the busy thinking, up flowery adjectives and clever slogans. good if not a better job than some Body has raised many questions Presidency of the Student Body, This is the last edition of The Alligator before elections of the men we have had in office. in your minds. By explaining my I felt it nLiy duty to withdraw. and it is generally considered to be an acceptable medAt least you would find curtains position on this all-important matMy well-known position of "Let um for getting news across to students. No candidate has in the Executive Council's chamber. ter, I hope to make clear to all the qualified man do the job" tot ell.a hathe.nts.tocdh If we could only get more girls of you, what is so clear to ne. made it necessary for me to say to used ths medium to tell hat he wants to do. elected to the Executive Council. Mv interest in Student Z;overnI the Student Body that EalN Fairwe just think, we too could have coeds ment prompted me to accept the cloth should be elected. My desire Are to vote upon adjectives next Thursday, or are in the chamber rooms of governnomination from the Varsity Parto serve the Student B(INy, and the we to vote upon objectives? ment. Our own chamber maids. -ty. I hoped to be able to cepreUniversity of %irnia will be realThis is an important period for the University of FlorI think some lovely young coed sent and serve the University of:ized when every sincere, honest ida, and student government here, recognized as the best should run for President of the Florida, when elected. It was, an voter does as very dsin .hones ida, and sudent govrnmentrhdoes racogizadmadoin b.sI am in the nation, has much to do. Student Body. Well, why not? Just is my honest opinion that the Uvoting for and supporting the When may the students expect some concr I think what it would do for the AS Party nominated a mar withman 'ho an most capably and n my th sdeceteactionoffice. I'll guarantee that more out qualifications and cxp','rineC properly represent the student from the,parties and candidates? Six; days are left. Let's people will be taking an interest necessary to fill this position. Body Earl Faircith. cut out the horseplay and get down to facts. in what goes on in the President's' When it became apparent last Samuel B. Love. office. And can't you just picture the staid old office in smart char -ove's Action Tribute To School treuse with aqua trim, touched off ILO A tinloe Publications Need No Politics I with a slight tinge of beige, with Editor: of Florida I believe the a cute little brown border around The unselfishness displayed by I tion between independents and The Campus Party refused Wednesday night to make all the pictures? Sam Love in withdrawing in faI fraternity men is superficial with The Capus Prty rfusedWedneslay nght t make While on the subject of the pollvor of Earl Faireloth, "a better rsett niiulbtvr any nominations for publications because they believe ticians, I think the idiot, er, ah, I' qualified candidate", is the gMeatrespect to ini s. ery publications should be out of the hands of politics. mean the editor of this paper had est of its kind I have ever seen. real only when it pertains to bThis is a commendable action and one which should good idea when he suggested a This is a tribute to Sam Love, to group policies. be i enosedabyothendaVeacsity and onGictsoulden1pr-couple of political big wigs jump fraternities. aid to the Univ'ersity Nathan Shapiro te enTorse iy tfe Varsity and Gator-All Student parfrom an airplane onto the drill ties. There is no room for elected editors and businesgifield. T had precisely the same' straight Dope On Politics W anted managers in student publications. They belong in the idea only a didn't suggest paraEditor: the only true independent party is hands of students through appointed men-men who are ure dn t eprimnded the Varsity Parand the Gator-Al mpStudent party appointed because of their proven ability to perform and Come to think of it, wh'y don't dent reprima e's Atorarstii r-n the eGfor-med C us party not to campaign. At present, The Alligator is the only' all the polticians get up in an airty for getting the jump in the has tihe same size block of fraterSs t n plane and jump onto the drillpolitical campaign. I am a freshnity and sorority votes as does the publication using this system. We'd like to see it install field? Right during rifle practice. man independent who. like many Varsity party. with the others. .Te, have had plenty of practice others, is not aware of the situait was further said that the dodging issues. I think they could tion that prevails among the poliVarsity party has independent repdodge a few bullets. It would be tical parties of this universityresentation like the GAS. part. Interesting, anyhow, and besides There seems to be a misunderI would appreciate it if the AlliCampaign Posters Show No M ercy why should the rifle team waste standing amongsthe students, gator would inform me and the good ammunition on dumb still especially the freshmen, to the rest of the student body just what It's said that it costs money to run for a political 1 targets when they can practice on effect that the Gator-Anpn Student. the true situation is' office, the administration, and the -lorida tax payers. dumb moving targets .As it was explained to me aterJ oe Anderson I am only skidding of course.tAspitwas explained to meut ater of Florida, many candidates are using a twin-killing Goodnight.yr Editor's Note: The 'ator attempts t r -' ''i.-ndenents. atwi show, ya know" Minnie was hurt to the quick and the cor', ilbe d a rn Itf she wanted to he fat as a She packed that night and slipped away by bus: :Ishe'd figured a way to make money without fuss As a New York model, that is, Now Minnie was nired the day she arrived, An' posed n the dangedest dresses contrived. Slit up from below or slashed' clown from above. Each dress managed to show quite a bit of Style dont'cha know Soon Minnie was dancin' in a chortis line For thes hi "indian Follos of '49." The show was a hit and Minnie was it: Her "Alligator Shimrny" gave the critics a fit -A regular skin show, ya set' Then Minnie appeared on the civer of LIFE. An' Cole Porter begged her to be his wife: But she accepted the offers from RCA To make hr ow-n version o f "Night and Day" 'Cause Potah seemed so cole: Next Minnie went on toUr with a band. 'Whee. said shc. "lets do a onenight stand From Maine to Californyv an' to the Everglades. Thar's a fella named Hoosier among them blades Whom I'd like to show up as a bassoon" Minnie had mixed with such as Mae West. She'd learned the advantage of totin' a hope chest. Fact is. she'd been eating with just that in mind; If it warn't obvious to Hoosier, he'd be blind She was fatter in front and howshall-I-say? \ -"co.f. Sill yed Editor's Note: The Alligator repeats that it does not necessarii',' oneur with the oinilols expre'.sedl by its columnits. "V-arano.ia"has politics as Its prime function and the t'iew s in this column are of necessity gien by one Individual. Any person capable of writing it is hound to be biased one via or anotheat certain times. The relativ"-y quiet Spimig Eertions took on mot. steam last niLnt when the Varsity Partv to<k (on Earl Faireloth as their tandidat U for President of th. Stidint D ivy TechnicalIy, it seems, Fairloth is the nominne of the CampuPs 'arty and endorsed hi tkhe Varsit I art No one knows the strgth of t it Campus Party,. but fr m all appearances it is a riup ot ri'OAhi.' 20 dissident politicians w h lie \'C been used by the Varsity Part to persuade Faircloth to run. They have puit lip an ExecutiVe '(oi ned slate that favors men tromn the St. Pet crsburg area. That Earl 1-a81cloth is qua h led. 0o one tan deny, but the Varsit i arty will flae a har d timl' sIlln g tilt student h id on the idea tha there is o111V on' qualified candidate on capiiS. That Earl Pairhith is an utttanding speaker, no one ,an i(e, but to set up this attribute as the primary prerequisite to the kPresidency of the Student Body is a falac. lllda Ii]neninS Bryan, one of Amernca's all ne great orators, ranks in history as one of her poorest Secretariesotl state. Anyway, we wll at last see a campaign Peninsular Pottwaon high re this one out --When J. L. Arnow. Alachua County tax c cetor, died last, week, the two major political factions of the county eh iuge d Governor Fullar Warr n to appoint their approved successor. ()ne lation is the Governor Warren's own group, headed by Dean Trusier and B. P. Bevel. This group tavored Aid Martin of Hawthorne. The other group, generally referred to as the 'Cit Fathers' is headed by State SenAtor W. A Hands and Mayor Jim utlee ot Gainesville. Their choice was Ms. J ,Ar noi~w, N 'a' ofthe dceased tax collector. Goveror Warren's choice -Mrs .1. LArnow ...Conga tulations to the new Alumni President Bill MReae. Bit possesses one of te jmot out standing scholastic andl legl reputations of any young Florida Man. He is a poiitieal potential. A Silver Cigar Band to -Bill Rion, who's domg a grli yhas acting director of 'lorida I mon. By Jingo By Johns' By Barton Johns THE sAGA of'MINNIV There once was an Indian m ('I named Minnie, Who was tall, <ark and handsole but skinny. She was in love with a brave namtld Hoosier, Wiho said. "If you were fatter I 1e By Lynn West Since the new Library Building will be completed soon, the LIBRARY can now hold all of their books. April 11 and 12 have been proetainwdc University of Florida LIBRARY FRKE DAY. All books can he returned with no questions asked. Nw is the time to gather all of those overdue books, lost books, and books that you just don't know what to do with and return them to the ihrary where they belong. Whaif an opportunity to save mii ne 'v land probably embarrassmenrit i No need to hesitate any I () n g e r because you forgot to return an overdue book. Just bring them in on April 11 and 12. Every fine will be completely forgotten. The Library staff will start with a, lean slate for all students who return these books that are overdue. While you are doing your' annual spring cleaning before Spring Hol:dIa'i*s. gather up all these books and drop them into the handy barr'els that will be placed in the Libra V. By returning these books befoIre Spring Holidays, there will be plenty of time for the staff to have them ready for use when we all return from Spring vacation. April It and 12 are the days to r(,rnembe r. Council 0 0 4 -1 The Tar and Featherg by the Delta Gammal Campus Chest AuctonIt with great success an Lion. However, the SAX too peeved ...They itN entire DG Colony over t during the next week. * New Srority prebidt* Pelts --Priscilla New4 Gamma -Sally Lentz, W ega -Anita Johnson. 0 \Vith the initiation of t nester's pledges, the Ch st'lected Muriel Jones as, All Around Pledge, Njt Bohanan was winner o scholarship cup, and 1104 was presented the Best Book. However, this W"j the beginning of a round tivities.-In honor of FoundM the Chi O's of Florida, and Alabama will meet next end for Eleusinian weekending 1Y. Next on the agenda, at Gainesville Recreation Apri 23, the Chi O's will their annual Carnival. * Frances Rhoten was the player that gave the TriDet victory in the recent Tournament. Patricia Bradlq chosen Sweetheart of Lambdi Alpha this past weekend. Delta Marilyn Overby still believe that she has been Coeds are now entering politics: "The most beautiful freght Mary Foote and Elaine Iskin are the United States." She i both running for freshman repreforward with great anticipate sentative on the Executive Counher trip to Hollywood this cil. Lee Robinson is competing for We dare not attempt to sorhomore representative, and for Marilyn's future. It is all hem Early To lRed By Marty Lubov By Marty Lubov According to Life magazine and .John MePartland. American college students have finally gotten I their eyes on the ball. In a feattire article entitled "Intercollegiate Bull Session" in a recent "Iife', writer McPartland and his editors come up with the idea that the 1949 College Joe is a pretty sensible g ii with plenty of d e e p thoughts on the present state of humanity and a after the big money," 4$ ing to the Luce publi '30 grads were pipelectuals with applicatiou Washington bureau, We what "Life" will term years from now. The products of World War I clean, white hopes of a n Age? "'They're all trade schloli,u cries a Yale history 42000 over a table at dear, old Nl Universities are no log I place where young men bM literary gentlemen. Very true. burning desire to Ivory -towerism in beat the world's academic circles is taidg a log-eat-dog rackrific beating. College et. And it makes want the humanities A m them uneasy. But they want the praethi From this angle too. That's what makU it looks like the campus-crosser highly-industrialized. m is getting a decent break for a world tick. change. Of course, "Life," per One point shows thni0| b usual. lami nts the fact that the Partland treatise like A st economic ideas of Karl Marx nard dog on a hot day. O should be making any headway, how "Life" may rant Mid puts in a big plug for the Amerabout the demon of Bped* can Century. And naturally, Yale, and long for the good, A l Harvard. and Cornell, the Ivy covered days, college U0 "0 League trinity, get Number One whit the score is. They kW play. Naturally, any article of this their minds have to10 type suffers from one glaring fal-! enough to grasp the Itp lacy, "the selected instance." advancestof the decadute, "Life" can pick its own comments. along with their technlO The college men of '29 were "out ing. REVIEWS AND STUFF 'Peace' Meet Held In New York By Gerald Clarke "Peaces Conference" d withdraw their support Of A4 anyone who reads the newsand switch to the H paper knows, the "so-called" Culaffair, but soon had to tural and Scientific Conference for more than half the ng I World Peace was held last week at announced as having iW the WalIorf-Astoria under the seems the NCASP mCMb' sponsorship of a group of "fellownot been notified of thek travelers." the National Council of allegiance. of Arts. Science and Professions, From Philadelphia CM headed by Dr. Harlowe Shapley, that the Broadwood Hotd Harvard University astronomer. (.llled a contract for thUp One New York paper in letters Banquet Hall to give a in inch and a half high called the composer ShostakoviChmeeting simply a I from the Veterans Off j "RED RALLY." and the UkrainianIlundreds of pickNerans. ditor ets.imostly from Saturday Review of WtW% veterans' organia talk before the. "PeWc zations marched ence" people' spoke out around the Wal"a group," meaning the dorf c a r r y i n g Communist Party, as11 placards addressindicated by the remark ed principally to "a group without 5tWfl" Russian delegates honor in itx own country to the conference, time the newspapers one emphatically got through with that advising composwas pointed directly at er Dmitri Shostakovich to jump as if Cousins had said it out his hotel window. Thomas Mann called A picket who couldn't read. as critics of the hysterically attacked a distributor World Peace "spreders of anti-Communist leaflets. A posand war psychosis." ter denouncing Jewish veterans said! was removed from the line with "It is generally coIIIits bearer by Catholic veterans. poor taste to insult a Anti-Communist Jewish veterans guest by announcing is stood by. that whatever he is Displease]w:th the presence of in bound to be dishonest Shostakovich one veterans' group mental to the host's bt held aloft a poster reading, We Mann reveals that 1i1 Like Music, But Not From Behind still involves a stondord the Iron Curtain." From Washingness. He implies faith hl6 ton came the suggestion of wit as being able to deterI M Georga representative John S., interest regardless Of described the conference as "a by anyone. He also lace curtain meeting." Wittier willingness to listen to than he knew, 0. John Rogge in' one side of a questidlL ~ an address to conference delegates seems to indicate that de:.ouncod those who "fan the "war psychosis" flames of the cold war." that a peace confereW A rival meeting set up by Drs. serve'some purpo t. idney Hooks and George S Thomas Mann feeMS Counts pressured a handful of of step with the -. Sm -A could use va In my medicine I ceum Fl t 11 7 
