
PAGE 1

The Floi VO University o ORCER VS, FLORIDAFRIDAY AND SATURDAY To1I1orrw and Saturday the jgators will tackle the Ge raptists on the University of florida athletic field. This will be good news to the g.deNts, for since the great Twjnksgiving football game, the Merce people have been most Popular with the local sportsand their return has been looked forward to. These be great games, for Mercer been playing all sorts of gdal this season and the ors have been working hard build up a creditable team. tems have been playing league, and both have' gotonto some of the finer points the.go.e Every Florida man is expected be on hand and join in the .g", for there is nothing e good "old-time yelling" to e the home team win. ch Flaherty, in his talk to students several days ago, *d that when he went North wanted to tell the people re that Florida had "the live est bunch of young college that he had ever seen," and "rooting" tomorrow and Saty is going to show Coach he can make his statement where and Vvery where. Floridnis playing straight, amur bell; the students know and the "rooting" is going w that they appreciate the of their own boys. On the 9th,10th and 11th, the lligators are going to tackle e fast Auburn bunch in Tallaisee, and another battle royal I expected. Auburn has been laying Georgia Tech, and they plit the series with the Yellow ackets. Georgia Tech claims ) have the best team in the south, and so Florida will thus e playing one of the hardest ames of the season. JOLWINS PROHIBIION CONEST There were four contestants the prohibition oratorical const last Thursday night. They ere W. D. Wilson, Dean Slagel, E. Williams and Fritz Hatcher. he speeches were excellent and orthy of the much praise which ey received. Dean Slagel of e Junior Law Class was the rtunate one and was awarded e judges' decision. There was a fund of $25.00) ade up hv the local league and 0.0) of this vill be sent to the Ite 4.111e and S15.00 will be fen to he winner of the local test ; help defray his ex fnes ti the state contest. The ,t-e contest this year will hehi -.t Southern College in hi K( r part of this month. r. Sh.ci Wvill represent the 1iv%t there and we have h111 1 good representative l hi prospects for winning a prize are good. le le to Florida the beginning the kait semester from BereaI Illee. I erea, Kentucky, where other student body activities, including the newspaper. If Mr. Slagel wins the state prize he will go to the Southern interstate contests and from there, if again winner, to the national contests. Florida boasts of winning the national prize last year, when Mr. Frank Wideman of Stetson was declared winner. The football team of the University of Nebraska came out well in football last year, but came out better in finances. The season ended with a balance of $9,956 in the treasury. rida Alli ator f Florida, Gainesville, Florida, April 2, 1914 No. 25 TH 8[CND TIA LAV[8 100AYFOR SiTgGU8INE The second team, popularly known as the "Scrubs", leaves today for St. Augustine, here on Friday and Saturday it will tackle the fast team from the "Ancient City". The second team has been showing up in great form lately, and no doubt the Florida boys will give their opponents the "time of their lives". Several of the other students will accompany the "Scrubs", for St. Augustine possesses an attraction for the Florida boys almost as great as the one at Tallahassee. FOLLIES CLUB AND DRAMATIC CLUB COMBINE Southern and Stetson clashed last week in debate. The question was, "Resolved that the general effect of labor organizations has been beneficial to the best interests of the United States". Southern upheld the affirmative of this question and Stetson fought for the negative. The judges decided in favor of the affirmative. This seems, according to the Collegiate, to be the first intercollegiate debate ever held in the state, but we are inclined to think that there is a mistake in somebody's calculations somewhere. THE TEAM! THE TEAM! THE TEAM! They battle with Mercer tomorrow and Saturday. NEST [[[COLLi9ON Of BIRDS IN ALL fLORIDA The University faculty and students, and birdlovers generally of Gainesville, are very much interested in the splendid collection of birds and eggs now being placed in the University. This very valuable collection represents years of labor by Mr. R. D. Hoyt of Clearwater and is the finest private collection of birds and animals in the state. Mr. Hoyt is a taxidermist of unusual ability and the graceful life-like poses of his birds and other animal life has been the delight of every person who has visited his museum. Mr. Dan Hyning of Des Moines, Iowa, arrived Thursday to begin installing the collection and Mr. Hoyt is expected to personally superintend the fin-1 ishing of the work. A Syracuse, N. Y., man sawed GREATER MINSTRELS TO GIVE MONSTER PARADE The University of Florida Greater Minstrels, which will appear before the theater-going public of our city on Easter Monday, April 13th, for the benefit of the University Athletic Association, promises to be the big attraction of the season, surpassed only, perhaps, by the display of Easter gowns and bonnets to be seen on the streets after the Lenten season. Rehearsals are being held three times each %veek, and already give evidence that the program will be most artistically executed. The songs are all upto-date with beautiful and catchy airs and good harmony. The end men, such semi-pro-: fessional and old-time perform-, ers as Wellington, Burnett,: Seagle, Mixson, "Bo" Moore, together with the best talent from the University as Smith, Tooma cord of wood on his 104th er, Groover and Hamilton, will birthday. Seems as tho he certai nlv make the evening's enhas had time to get his wood tertainment one long succession sawed before now,. 'What has of laughs, with their funny jokes the best talent the city and the' University affords, are doing their utmost to perfect the choruses. Mr. J. Oscar Miller, with his splendid orchestra of ten pieces, will handle the difficult orchestration, bespeaking for the production a finish equal to that of such high-class performances as given by Neil O'Brien, George Evans and others. The oleo or second part will consist of all the best up-to-date specialty numbers available, and in it there will be no long waits, but one continuous round of pleasure. Look out for the big parade at noon the daiv of the enrform. Realizing the fact that "in union there is strength", the two dramatic clubs at the University have combined, and in the future the new club will give its undivided attention to the production of high class plays for the benefit of Florida. The new club will be known as the "Follies and University Dramatic Clubs Combined", embodying as it were the names of both of the former clubs. Already it has elected officers for the coming year, and has selected the play for the season. The officers elected are: Jay Hearin, president; Newcomb Barrs, manager; and Stanley Livingston, assistant manager. The play this year will be the "Private Secretary," which is conceded to be one of the best written and most laughable farcical comedies yet produced; and no doubt it will prove most interesting to the theater-goers of Gainesville and the entire student body at the University. The parts have been carefully assigned with the object in view of producing one of the best plays seen on the local stage. W. B. Henderson, Harry Peeples, "Pat" Houston, Jay Hearin, "Doc" Groover, "Red" Trammel, and "Chic" Chillingsworth will take the male parts in this play, and all of them have had some experience in the art of acting; "Doc" Groover being especially fitted for the character of the "Private Secretary", and "Red" Trammel for the part of "Mr. Sidney Gibson". The female parts have not as yet been definitely assigned, but it is certain that Miss Mervin Ray, one of Gainesville's most popular young ladies, will be the leading lady. The manager is working hard on several trips for the club, and he plans ultimately to take the company thru South Florida, playing at Ocala, Bartow, Lakeland, Tampa, and several other Southern cities. The western trip will include Tallahassee, Quincy, and perhaps Lake City and Live Oak. The first performance will be given in Gainesville about the middle of April, definite announcement of which will be published later in the Alligator. Dean J. A. Thackston of the Teachers College, who is state high school inspector, is as usual traveling over the state most of the time. He spends his time trying to uplift the high schools of the state and has done much toward that end within ihe two or three vears he his .A'.A t l %C k-11 ELj pu l EJWJIIIj_ ci s .*t*4 ance. The procession will be held the position of state inspecheaded by the University of tor. fie is specially active at Florida Military Band, with Pug present trying to get better Hamilton, that musician of inter school buildings and has h(Ad national fame, as leader. The several calls from locl boards entire company Will1 absolutely to advise with them bout planbe in line. ning and constructing buildings. The program of this minstrel This veek he is traveling in will appear in The Sun shortly.I West Florida and is helping to Remember the date--Mondav, organize a high school in PanaI I I I 

PAGE 2

m THE FLORIDAALLIGATOR Published wkly by tb students of the Universit r Sta SUMTER LEITNER -Managing Editor 11. LEE GoUf mNG-Assistant Editor WORTHINGTON BLACKMAN ------Athletic Editor W. H. CRum-----------Society Editor G. f1. KNoUWL s-----Local Editor '. B Nr-------Busines Manager H. L. LDF oF.Circulation Manager Ertmred as seond-clas matter:Setember ~4 12s_ atthe Lofiee at Gainpsville. Fla. uner the At o N1 rch l31. 1K79. RATE L Pire F orida Alligator, $1.00 LET'S COME INTO OUR OWN. Slowly but surely the college world is awakening to the fact that the State of Florida boasts of an institution of higher learning which is worthy of that name. The world has just begun to realize this within the last three or four years too. Before the University of Florida began to assume its proper place'in the educational system of the state, and when we had only a few state, institutions of high school grades and several denominational schools of like caliber, all the college students of Florida went to states north of us to get their higher educa.tion. .:, Fortunately' this is not necessary now that the University and the Woman's College have developed to the extent that they have. The results of this growth are being felt by the colleges which formerly benefited by Florida's shortcomings. In a recent issue we printed an account of the attempt of Washington and Lee to hold her pro rata of Florida students, which had fallen off within the last few years. This institution sent letters to all her alumni in the state urging them to encourage Florida men to leave their native state and go to Washington and Lee for their education. That other Southern colleges are making a determined effort to get Floridamen for students is evidenced by the following clipping from the Sentinel, published by the Florida Military Academy. It needs no explanation.I The Sewanee Purple of Sewanee, Tenn.: Every one at F. M. A. is interested in both Sewanee and the paper. We had a very interesting illustrated lecture on the University of the South, and it is likely that several cadets of the F. M. A. will enter the college next term. From the North we find similar evidences of activity on the part of colleges and universities for Florida men. The following was taken from The Pennsylvanian, published by the University of Pennsylvania: FLORIDA STATE CLUB MEETS. Twelve Seminole braves held a pow-wow in their wigwam in the Houston Club last night. The Floridians decided to send literature regarding Pennsylvania to the Florida high schools, in hopes that it would influence this year's graduates in coming to the University next year. Permanent officers of the Sem-I inole were elected last night., They are: S. K. Guernsey-, '14 Wh." chief scout; B. B. Ninich, '16 Arch., medicine man, and Henry C. Groves.'17 Wh., scout. What do these things mean? Theymean that the outside world is commencing to realize that we have in Florida a university which is drawing on the source of supply formerly feeding outside institutions. That these institutions are not going to give up without a fight is student, for the round trip, provided that at least one hundred go. The regular rate is only $8.40 each, while a block ticket of ten is much less, so the manager did not see fit to bind the students for this MAGNIFICENT SAVING (?) of forty cents. It is hoped that the Seaboard will give sensible rates for this trip, for at least one hundredI students want to go; but none of them will go unless the railroad acts with more judgment in the matter. Trax-"I'm trying to raise a moustache and I'm wondering what color it will be when it comes out.,, Trax's-"Gray, I should say, at the rate at which it appears to be growing." Extract from a school boy's letter to his little brother: "You know Tom Wilson's neck; well, he fell in the river up to it!" Patrick-"What did you get your hair cut for?" L OCALS Uni We can get in line to boost for 1 "Florida", and bring the Florida boys to their owner ~Jqjers~y. Out-eqipment is a geod as that in any other institution of much greater enrollment and our faculty ranks with the best. What we need most is more students, and more students we will have. We do not forget our almost marvelous growth for the past few years, but we do realize that Florida sends too many men and women-out of the state to be educated. Every citizen who has the best interests of the state at heart and every student who has the best interests of the University at heart should make it a special object to see to it that his efforts are used to send men to the University. Let's start the campaign no*. STUDENT, SPARE TE FLOWER. Spring is here in good force and all the orange trees are blooming this year as never before. There is a great temptation to every one of us to/ake a few blooms from the trees on the Station grounds. The trees on the farm and in the horticultural grounds were put there for experimental purposes. Some of them have been there for eight years now and this is the first year many of them have bloomed. These trees are all rare varieties and much hopes are put in them by the Experiment Station men. Experiments are being worked out on them which may mean thousands and even milliols'of dollars to the State of Florida. We are all hiterested in the outcome of these experiments, blt they cannot be carried out i unless the blooms are let alone. Whlewwe ek a flower fron'4 one' p-:ihese tree we might Tdibbingthe tatQ of millions tf dollag Ko it is the desire of the Exrhintwutkion men that at lover of flowers will refrain eredfter frd ipicking flowers from the trees 4fl the Station arunds. A3OUT TH. SPECIAL. TRAIN TO A large number of the students have been asking about the special train to Tallahassee for the Auburn games, and for the benefit of the student body, Manager Shaw wishes to state that as vet he has failed to get satisfactory rates from the Seaboard Air Line Railroad. This road did make him a rate of $8.* per setting out for Prairie Creek. Judging by their reports, fishing T is a profitable pastime. One) thing they are certainly successful in, namely, having their CIT story so well organized that conAllKin flicts are practically eliminated. an Cour "George Washington!" replied the little colored boy, when Staple asked his name. 108 WES "That is a splendid name," said the teacher. "I suppose you try to be as much like him as possible." "I kaint be like him," replied the boy, "because I am him." O TTO F.STOCK TAIL OR Clean Ing, Pressing "Rat" Hilton returned Sunday night from a visit home to CO Melrose. Professor B. F. Floyd made a business trip to Jacksonville, returning on Monday. The R Mr. Hill of Coleman, Florida, is visiting his brother at the University for a few days. Jam Professor H. E. Stevens' bulle tin on Citrus Canker is being Sooth S gotten ready for distribution. Mr. H. S. Klingler, who was a student here some time ago, isF now enrolled in Rollins College at Winter Park. Mr. Jno. R. Jordan of JacksonS AN] ville spent Saturday and Sunday A here, visiting his son, W. H. Jordan. The site jor the irrigation. plant on the model farm has been staked out and the work of construction will, begin soon.Ran Dr. Jno. A. Thackston, state high school inspector, is in $ainsu West Florida this week inspecting the high schools of Jackson J. S. Bo and Bay Counties The amount of work dePrescrip manded of the Experiment Station is heavier than ever hereto'fore; all departments are runnmg over time, and none able tor keep up with the work. The U. S. Department of AgriPicture culture is making arrangements with Prof. Scott to grow a considerable amount of seed of the Chinese velvet beans to be used in next year's distribution.L ',Professor S. E. Collison has 'ben continuing his investi gations as to the fertilizers lost H igh by 'eaching from the soil. He finds; that an unusually large, amoupit of fertilizers were lost in ths ivay during the heavy spnng 'rains. 4is doing Harro Tte Department of Psychol clocks ogy has just received a new chronoscope to add to the equipment of the psychological laboratorv. This instrument will be used for measuring time reactions. It records time to the thousandth of a second. .The coming of spring days awakens the angling spirit in many of our students, awpd it is now a common sight to see Thad Grace, Tommie Ray, Josh Gist, "Jew" Goulding, and others rHarrold PROPRIETOR TY MEAT MARKET ds Fresh Meats, Poultr) ad Game in Season entry Produce a Specialty Wholesa-" md Re ealer in e and Fancy Groceries ST UNIVERSITY AVENUE THE COLLEGE BOY SAYS "The sweetest words in the English language is when father says: T. B. ELLIS, JR. Attorney and Counsellor avLP GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA B. A. THRASHER ATTORNEY AT LAW GAINESVILLE, FLA. WE ALWAYS DO ARTISIP JOB Ej INTINO FO9 OU CUSTOMERS Why Not You? THE SUN Job Department PbOW10 J .1CCoIu&M DRUG6ISTS The Rexall Store Lile, Fire, Sick and Ad JOSEPH B. Beo rner University Avenue and Garden Street reliable Drug Store es Chestnut, Jr. [INC SHIO[S ide Square Gainesville, Fla. 09 W. University Avenue Opposite Dutton Bank ITARY AND UP TO DATE We solicit your business Pl'rjer $ros. oAers and /erchants PhierCorner 'li --.7/or'aa diford & Co., Druggists GAINESVILLE, FLA. tions Called for and Delivered F R E E C) R A ORTONa OV EL.Tl ES Sheet Pictures Frames Picture Mats Grade Pictures Fine Music L. C. SMITH 3g repair work in the Ad store. Watches and jewelry put in good order. PROFEsSIONA J. OSCAR MIL Violinist, Bariftoe PRIVATE STu Board of Trade Building -f DR. .J. -H. OD Corner East Main and Oran Tt !)une 0' FLORIDA M. I. ]P ASS,MD ()ic~oupr: 10:30 to 12 \L,.220to4P Phoness: Oftlee 293: R~~ne Offce Over Giues: iNe G AINESVILjE, FLORIDA DR. J. C. BISHOp Office Over Gainesville Nationa, Offlk-c Phone 123 Residence Phone 328 W. H. PICKETT, M.D. GAINESVILLE, FLA. Oftice: Pickett-Fowler Bldg, p H-.Fours !-11.,24 Phones: Offlee 500Residen.at WILLIAM J. BUCK,x%. MEDICINE AND SURGRy Suite 15-19 Graham Bldg. DR. GOR DON B. DENTIST O v er i i i e DR. .1. H. ALDER14AS DENTIST GAINESVILLE, FLA. Office over the Dutton Bank Pbos DR. D. E. MORRIS I)ENTIST Office Over Gaine-;vilie NaLovnal Bank Buli CHRISTOPHER MATH ATTORNEY AT .AV Practice in State and Federw E. G. BAXT ATTORNEY AT Board of Trade Bldg. Gai THOS. W. FIEL Attorney at Law, GAINESVILLE, FLOWILLIAMS & HAR1 ATTORNEYS AT LAW Office Suie 1, Haymas Baimi"s Gainesville, Florida C. R. LAYTON LAWYER Gainesville, Florida 

PAGE 3

B. R. COLSON PRESIDENT come on over, boys, and see ?Inc/e and .Wunt Dua I ([LL[G[ Of ARKIULiURf[ OF THE UNIM~RSITY Of fLORIDA (The Farmers' College) Offers the folIowiDg course in agriculture: A Four-Year Collegiate Course A Two-Yeai' Sh2trt Course A One-ye.1t. Short.( -Course A Four-MN4mth Farmers' Short Course A Four-Week Fartners' Short Course Fourttet C(brrespondence Courses for 1011 St Id. A Course Suited to Every Condition aid Need %Vill Voue Cmtinue to learn in the hard school of exprience whIiat can be quickly ihparted t1 )y by men who have had both College trait itgt and practical experience on the fartt1 TUITION FREE. BOARD AT COST. Make an IiN\ct Itlen t that will pay dividends evcr -v'a .throughout a lifetime. For infortion address J. J. VERNON, Dean of the College of Agriculture GAINESVILLE, FLA. r wholesale Only t t you patronag~e Soli(ited The Bailey Co.r Ladies' Emporium MN. N.Oveltus and Ribbon to College Cojors GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA. WEAV ER'9S the only Steam Laundry in GA IN E SV I L L E W.0 Dorsey Company r.VERNUNI NQeIN otMIS For Goodness Sake W;M Jo hnson Dr1uggist PURE DRUGS ACCURATE COMPOUNDING GAINFSVILLE, FLORIDA Wctrikal Supplies ph Lighits etc. o. 207 t. Main St. diNESVILLE, FLA. 111h Grade Screens 'Sash and Doors KEEP OUT THE FLIKS W. W. Avera Dealer in Books and Stationery, Cold Dhinks, Fine Candies, Cigars awd Tobfcou Ginesville, r Mda Alaua County Abstract Co. have you any excuse for beir,' late?" Tommy (beaming! --"Y-es malam.99 Teacher-"What is it?" t Tommy-"Waffles." 10 a.m. on the 25th day of' April, A.D. 1914, for permission (visitor-"Well, my little mn, to incorporate:P I and what are you called. UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA ATH-g First boy-"Jule, sir." LETIC ASSOCIATION, Visitor-"You should : As a corporation not for profius." Turning to anoth -b it, under Section 2837 of the "Well, and what is your ?" General Statutes. Scn o-Bliu' The general nature of the obSecond boy-"Billious, ject of the said corporation shall be the promotion of athletics in "What is Flip's wife's :.i? ,the Univershiy of Florida. "Crystal; and it suits her Witness out hands at Gaines"How so?" ville this 30th day of March, so, A.D. 1914. She s always on the 'm'h JOHN B. SUTTON, Pres., -Life. J. M. IbARSEY, H. G. CLAYTON, Wife-"Are there any ftlior r B. C. \NLsON, T. W. BiYANT, J. P. HAILO\\WEs, SUMTER LEITNER, J. S. Sb Ns. HRM. DURING THEIR VCATION The College of Agriculture of he University of Florida has his year included in the fouryear course the requirement of at least three months of Practical farm work before students may graduate. This demand is readily satisfied by students who have been raised upon the farm, but in other cases many of the students who have been raised in the towns and cities are being attracted to the Agricultural Course and have not had any actual farm experience. Most of the students in the College are anxious to work during vacations at something that will enable them to save money to continue their studies during the winter season. With all these purposes in view the college is arranging to give credit towards the agricultural degree for work done on farms, -groves, dairies or other lies of agricultural work. For tis purpose a number of owners of large farming establisnients in the state that are conducting their operations along the most modern.lines, have consented to ?mpl6y such students as they need during the vacation months at reasonable wages, according to their ability. These farms will be listed as approved farms and all students doing satisfactory work at these locations will be given the same credit as one hour of lecture work in college for each month of satisfactory work on the farm. The plan is meeting with considerable favor among farm owtIers of the State, and the list of establishments is increasing daily. The students are also enthusiastic in the plan, and it is believed that the farm industries qf Florida will by this method be just as useful to Florida boys during the vacation as the work in wheat harvest is to the col. lege, boys of the West. An invitation is issued to any farmer in the State who desires to try some student help during the coming summer to commun. icate with the Dean of the Cot lege of Agriculture. He-"You certaidy have v trim little waist." Slhe-YOU)re iight; there'sI getting around that." UNNIVR8ITI Ci? IE} The State Board of Health of Florida at its recent meeting in Key West granted the request of the Department of Animal Husbandry of the Collete of Agriculture for the builing of a model concrete vat for dipping cattle to control tick and skin diseases. The board has allowed the college a total of $250 for this purpose and the vat will be labeled the State Board of Health Vat. This will be finished in the most approved manner of concrete and iron, wfih ample yards and fences for controlling large numbers of cattle. The vat will be used by the Univer-I sity herds and will be open for public use of any stock owners in the county for a small fee to cover the cost of dipping materials, and will be subject to use at any time upon order of the Board of Health at the pleasure of its officers. I This dipping vat will be built on the east edge of thetollege farm near a large sink, which will furnish ample water supply. Nearly half of the construction work has already been Unished and the remainder of the:work will be pushed rapidly dAiring the next few weeks. The vat would have been completed sooner, but that finalaction on the amount of money to,be allowed was held up on account of the Board of Health being delayed with its annual meeting. DziFING NATURE. We are told that Nap~leon had a contempt for the man who took a long time to eat his meals. He considered a quarter of an hour ample allowvpce On the other hand nature showed her contempt for the man who refused to obey her simple laws by giving Napoleon only half the ordinary life-time. Men are nt in good physical shape unless they have proper digestion, unless they eat carefully and sowly at regular ntervals. Trhe man who ruses in for a hurried lunch or Vo eats anything placed before ipn will some day pay for tl rp19ltreatmt of his body. estion of s i'g "Is just as 60ornt. Unless a man has a cient amount pper Md of rest he will erip$ his bodily machine anid find it wdrn out prematurely. Teacher -"Tommy Sinson. Cafmh iH arclwvaroe Stcre 11' LUnlieraIty Avenue Lawyers Co-Operative Publishing H. C. -r;L E Y, Agent Jackscrnvllle, FloIcia ALLEN FURNITURE COMPANY HIGH GRADE, UP-TO-DATE FURNITURE Next to Dutton Bank Cash or Credit ?~o /nso -~kY Y/ra/ Co. "i Wlain Street fasnvi/e, .7orida 9"4.ne 4#0/ VA& WW7WOA OrdeYlori sa. Cd f/owe/rs, weddir n6opeis a'd 1"x& 'af m ."s ouir l/otio: !prompa'ne"s and .Ae/iabi/ity The White House A hotel for gentlemen, hence headquarters for faculty and students of U. of F. A. A. LANGHORNE, Proprietor THlE UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA 6AINESVILLE A State University of the Highest Educational Standards. Ranking with the Largeat and Rom Universities of the North and Eas. A Faculty of the Broadesit Scholarship and HIghest Training from the Leading Universities of America and Europe. Stands for the Highest Moral. intellectual and Physical Development of the Nation's Future Citizens. 1. College of Arts apd Sciences offers excellent advantages for a liberal education issuing it) the degrees of H. A. anY B. S. 2. The Cnllege of Agriculture provides the b#st possible equipnnt fror gaining technical knowledge and training in the various branches of agriculture leading to the degree" of 1B. S. A.mazny short courses offered. 3. The Collegeof Engineering affords the very boet t.chnological training ii ei .vi -lectrical and niechauicai engineering leading to appropriate Bahelor s degrees in engineering. 4. The College of Law--th best iiithe country for future practitioners of Florida, The degree of LL.B3. conferred by thi~ o eg iiisto0t01" bar withum i frther examnination. .5. The Teachers* College issuvt the d-uree of 11 S and BI A. in phIilosophyV and education and provides normal tral inno ~for toeteirn oetran eprie of the pta iteschool0 service. Destined to be the leading iii this territory. 4 o xi gift frorn the Peabody Board fur the buildilng no%% in process oif #rectI i. 6. The School of (iradtateCourses offers. at present. courses cading to the degree.of Master of <rti atnd Master of Seeice. 7. The Agricultural Experimnt Station f!tr rt-soarch. 8, The Unilversity Ext ension 1)1 vision. ( Farmers' Init lii te.s.lBoys' andti ur 4' Corn and TomaW(3lubs. C or"N'.s Poilice ('n.urse*s. Lecture luirt'an .etc. Fifteen c e.-(15) Carnegie units, or funr fti years of suct. 'ssfui 1hgh ,chool work required for.dmission to Fresh;t1 class. A limited -tiitttiber of Stib-freshmen will be r-evivedt into the model high i ehool of th.4T -achers College. hut such students arc ex peetd nouy from eoimnties not maintajuinga four years' hig-h school cotirst'. ; ,alogue or further information add ress Registrar, Unive-rs ty of Florida, Gainevlle 2 the /onFS 36 W. Yorsyth S3., facksonvi/e, ga. Cho hest of/everything in out //owers for a// occasions Hartsfield Grocery Co, W H O L E S A L E GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA I .1 ii *.1 tt o in that paper, Jack?" Jack-"Yes, but they're nz to you; it's yesterday's pape : Ex.I IXAJ I "f U) ifairi c id Ice C c n-i pmn-iy Manuracturfra of Finest Crystal Ice GJainesville. -Florida McDONALD S Jersey Farm Dairy Jersey Cattle for 'ale PHONE 514-4 A I iG e 19345 Silver Street Ccl. Phone 485 $7? C., Show your appreciation, boys, by patronizing the business men who ad2rtise in your paper. H Is Casi SOUTMER .NDENTAE COLLEGE -T ANTA, SEORGIA ,.,,,Foser, 1 0 0,.,u t,,erS,, t.,,,,,,,.c,,eC,.U.,v.,.i ,.A.atan Ear. 8.W. Foster, 100 N. Butler St., care College BuIldlig,AtlanltS,Ga. F I F Frlgianc to theUnhr.lty .Just Opposite the Dutton Bank Phone 116 d I t 4 WHAT .VSELL: Keen Kutter Tools. Keen Kutter Pocket and Pen Knives, Keen Kutter Razors, Enders Razors, Ever-Ready Razors, Reach's Base and Foot Ball Goods, Basket Ball and Tennis Goods. In fact everything in the Hardware and Sporting Goods line. Also Paints and Oils. its ereby given thal the tundersigned subscribers will apply to the Judge of the Eighth Judicial Circuit of the State ol Florida, in and for Alachua County, at the court house iri Gainesville, Florida, or whereso ever else he may be found, ai G x r"I 

PAGE 4

-if -Tu-DUTTON BANK CAPITAL AND SURPLUS $160,000 We Solicit Your Bank Account A* Je VIDAL Fo R. Drugs. Stationery, Toiet Artick. Candles, Cigars and Tobacco. Waterman's Pens "-OR6 m AMCO M UL-Sa Oliver &Venable Co., Inc. LIVRY AND HEAVY HAULNI fabren. Q0.inftemW110, ie C. A. PRICE xvwydean1 in EYCM AND MOTOCYVL aos eam U" "t, .& GA9NESVULB, FLOiDA lSTANDISMs IXRROW1 COLLAR zfor25* Clm"N A&s&y ap,* C isMhoe University Market SMITH & LYLE, Propriet rs Dealers in F I N E M EATS PHONE 350 No. 8802 Gainesville National Bank OF GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA, Depository for the United States, State, County and City Your Business Solicited FOR FINE P HC) TCM3 R A P~ I-IS To uy or Rent Kodaks-for Kodak Supplies ad Finishing, go to 1/ansickea's Stucdic GAINESVILI,.E, FLORIDA SEND IT TO PEPPER See the 1914 Gainesville Motor Literature on Demonstration b\ What the Others Do a 4 Sayo R. L GOULDING. -U A new dormitory is being constructed versity of Alabama. for women at the UniThe student consul of the University of Chicago barred all athletes from holding class offices. The main building of Henderson-Brown College, Arkadelphia, Ark., was destroyed by fire with a loss of $85,000. The agricultural students of' the Universities of Minnesota and Wisconsin are going to indulge in a series of intercollegiate debates on rural topics. Rev. J. M. Clile, president of the University of Foochow, is spending some time in the United States, visiting several of the larger universities in the North. Over five hundred students at the University of Pennsylvania have signed a petition for compulswy chapel, and it is expected that over a thousand will do so before the end of this week. On April 9 twenty-five seniors of the University of Pennsylvania Engineering College will start on a ten-day trip to the West, where they will inspect several large engineering projects on the Mississippi and in other localities. A decided movement was made by certain students at the University of Wisconsin to have student government abolished. The result of this movement was failure on the part of those who made the attempt, and it seems as if student government was there to stay. The University of North Carolina is making great preparations to entertain the high school debatersand track team men who will hold the state contests in Chapel Hill this month. This is one of the best means of advertising the university that could possibly be instituted, and besides that, and of still greater importance, it brings the high schools of the state together in friendly contests. A good roads meeting was held at the University of North Carolina last week. This convention was held under the auspices of the Department of, Civil and Highway Enginvering of the University and the North Carolina Geological and Economic Survev. This is one of the many ways the University of North Carolina has of rt-ichlm2 the citizens of that state 'nd of disseminating practical I: now! I edge to all of its patre. and supporters. The long standing cast f the control of Vanderbilt Uni, ersitv -%was decided in favor of t Van derbilt Board of Trust The Bishops of the Methodist 'urch wereaighting for the coi tr, of! the Vniversity on the gr ixid of -AThaving founded the ins .ution and on other grounds, and' ar Company for a while it seemed as if they i would win the case: but on1vy a tx ckuest \Iointme nt F E R-TIL IZ ER FFtC3M few days ago the Supreme Court of Tennessee decided in favor" of the Board of Trust. The student body ,,nd alumni and facultv of the I niversity are especial-I Iv-,%-th .p oi -inn; n il There are 210,780 graduates of Harvard living, according to the last edition of the Harvard directory. Alfred Noyes, the English poet and lecturer on international peace, has been asked to join the Princeton faculty and indications are that he will do so. Mr. E. R. Sweatland has been chosen to coach the athletic teams of Tulane for the coming year. He is a man of no mean ability and has an enviable record behind him. A total of 186,796 students are reported by 596 institutions of higher learning in the United States. The totals have increased 50 per cent within the last ten years and female students have increased 80 per cent. The teachers and prospective teachers of the University of Tennessee have recently organized themselves into a club for the purpose of studying educational problems. They call themselves the Educational Club. Co-eds are causing trouble at Alabama. There was a meeting held recently to discuss student government and the principal bone of contention was whether or not the co-eds should be given a seat in the executive consul. After discussing the matter for two hours the meeting adjourned without accomplishing anything. The debating team of Washington and Lee gained the decisions over the team from Tulane on March 12th. The sub-1 ject debated was, "Resolved that the states should enforce a mini-1 mum wage for women and children, sufficient to sustain a fair standard of living" [constitutionality waived. Tulane upheld the affirmative, but the Washiqgton and Lee men were too much for them. TWU PsALm or T= ExAM Tell me not in mournful numbers, Exams are but an empty dream. For the boy is flunked who slumbers, Burns no gas or kerosene. Exams are real, boys; be earnest. B>e not sparing with your oil. "Flunked thou art and home retutrnest" is not spoken of those who toil. Let us then be up and doing, With a heart that's full of spunk. Still a-digging, still a-boning, I rarn to labor-not to flunk. -Is(quena. AI poverty wve Alsniff, i \nd think Nvuu1th immense, But this world would be better, if (.)Lr dollars brought us sense. Flora-"I gave Jack the thirty-r second degree last night." Dora-"Are you a Mason?" Flora--No; but that's the freezing point, isn't it?"-Jildge. Prof. -"A geologist thinks nothing of a thousand years." GaInesville hnriture *Are ,,,,e tAVndAmJP.rindf sM 000 SqUare ,ee~ lO/t 0 r sPa-3. u are always welcome Victor walkingg Mdines and Globe-Wemicke Book Uses Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 4SCHOOL of \X w'R4 ENGINEERING CML U!CMANICAL,ELECTRICAL a.d CHEMICAL EN bl E E N .ad SE R L t UE CIE SOWf.cata.,. TROY, N.Y. KEYSTONE BAKERY IL T. S 3HAFE. Praew I=PCt Urrt DULL mHom4E165 BREAD, CAKES AND PES Grewies in Comectama. Gsise, l Atlantic Plumbing Co, C. V. SIXPSN, Poit"Or Plumbing, Steam and Gas Fitting We Do Good Work and Guarantee It Estimates Cheerfully Furnished 213 E. University Avenue Phone 151 Baird llard HEADQ1ARTEPs Eastman Kodak Suppli I. X. L. and KlassR Env Fully Guaranted Gillette Razors Reach Sporting G004 U. M. C. and Winch, Ammunition Fishing Tackle Full line Chafing Disjh Courtesy and fair assured all Baird Hdrdware Phone 7 Delicious, Refreshing. EhlIg Invigornting Get the Gemaae Thees, JUt as Good, *ulw.vme, Inevoei T he Alachui Restaurant and LunchRom LADIES AND GENTEIMER Half a block from Atlantic Coa. Line Doy Telephone 507 ---opuoi GAINESVILLE, FLA. Gainesville, Special Prices to Students MEN'S WORK Complete Bottoms (whole sole and heel) ----25 Half Soles. sewed ---------75 Heels Repaired----------------------25c Rubber Heels-5OL Patches, from ---to27c Toe Caps. each 25c Back Stays ----------25c New Goring 75c Lace. -----------------------5 to 25C Buttons ---------------------------l1-5C THE GRIFtSVILLE ELECTRIC SHOE REPAIR CO. New Telephone Building 11-, E. Mechanic Street Telephone 311 Jewel Steam Laundry J. A. NAFTZGER PROPRIETOR SPECIL RATES TO STUDENTS Goods called for and delivered C. B. GRACE, Agent Jewelers end Opticians Special Attention to jewelry Manufacturing Watch Repairing and Lens Grinding. MILLER'S J.E Brown Bros. Hdrdwfi ( Buyers dIrwusiL* STOVE WOOD FoR SAkI GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA Greenleaf & CrosjA CIass Pins adlRisp Athletic Medals and TrOs Write for catalogue Jacksonvile lb Gainesvie Pling ad(albL / -oorin, C/ng, Sidinf, JMM Galnesvflle, tfula Mrs. Zither S. J rda.C.AW Jordan & Compay Insurance The eldest &aad laRrst lnsuram"Ago*90 Is Ala* a s Ceffet Gaiaesville, -MOrM Students, Attention! The Gatnesvllve Business toomWp OtTers excellent courses in Bookkeeping, Shorthand and Typewriting. Do not let the opportunity pass.r full information, address, MRS. BEAUFORT EVANS Pickett & Fowler Btulding Gainesville, -: Florida The Thomas Go HARDWARE FARMING TOOLS SEED The Thomas CO. florida fertilizer Co., BraW Gainesville, florida tstablisbed 1886 Manufacturers of fnh (wade fertiIbsl 3uRK<H i .V I -j -L-? L i I L &I M, L I L I 
