
PAGE 1

th hndependeut flerida volume 74, no. 105 friday, april 3, 1981 Confusion clouds proposed tuition hike amount Editor's Note: This is the last of a series of articles about when state government officials talk about making universiilaues before the 1981 Florida Legislature, which convenes ty students pay more for their education. in Tallahasse Tuesday. Gov. Bob Graham is talking about two-year tuition hikes By Robert McClure of 26 percent, 28 percent and 29 percent for students in difAlligator Staff Writer ferent college levels. Graham's proposed fee increases would force students to Numbers fly like an accountant's fingers on a calculator pay 22 percent of the cost of their education, instead of the In f'shman, sophomore +1 4% junior, senior +14% These figures represent tuition hIke being considered by the Board of Regents today, and show the amounts and percentage increases students taking 30 semester hours -or 15 credits a quarter for three quarters would pay if the LegIslature approves the Regents' plan. Seniors would pay the some per credit hour under the Regents' plan. 17 percent they now pay, Graham's budget analysts say. The Board of Regents, which oversees the State University System, is expected to approve tuition hikes of 34 percent, 24 percent and 28 percent today in Pensacola. Lobbyists who represent students in Tallahassee offer figures that mean some 2,875 university students statewide -they say '2.5 percent of the student body" -would be forced to drop out each time tuition goes up $100. Student leaders base that percentage on a Harvard University study. The students also remind lawmakers of some $5.4 billion in proposed cuts for federal student aid and supplemental Social Security programs for students. Doug Beam, executive director of the Florida Student Association, which lobbies for students at the nine state universities, says "The numbers keep changing." NeverLEGISLATURE theless, it's Beam's job to keep up with who's proposing how much in tuition hikes. Rep. Sid Martin, D-Hawthorne, is more direct. "They were sayin' 26 percent, but if you sit down with the right pencil, it's closer to 40 percent," said Martin, whose district includes UF. "It hasn't been properly planned, from the governor to the Board of Regents. Nobody's sat down and done an analysis" of exactly how much fees should be hiked. Another of UF's representatives in the Legislature, Sherrill Nathan "Pete" Skinner, says the tuition hike faces "a rough, rough sledding" in his chamber. Students aren't so sure. "It's the start of the (legislative) session," UF Student Body President Erik Melear said. "There's no chips on the table." Melear said Beam's complaint about the way the tuition hike figures are being presented stems from the governor "mixing his apples and oranges." page four Enoltment' cap recommendation wording may cost UF TyOevld~ourevItch plan to ask the Board of Regents -meeting today in PenA ligator Staff Writer sacola -to provide it with the funds. The Legislature has final approval. Funded: A six-letter word, which in this case means about The confusing word -funded -reversed the meaning of $s0O,000 .the recommendation from what Marston wanted, CunnUF administrators are worried and "confused" by that ingham said. The crucial word appeAred in a sentence which and relatively obscure recommendation. the enrollment plan for this fiscal period." That single word, say U administrators, could cost UF No one at UF is certain exactly how the word was inserted, about $500,000 and subsequently create larger class sizes"I'm confused," said Acdemic Affairs Vice President At a meeting in Tallahassee last week, the Council of Robert Bryan. "We had been assured (those students would ?residents approved a seven-page recommendation that inbe funded)." eluded an increase in UF's enrollment cap -the maximum When UF has more students than are budgeted for, adnumber of students allowed at a state university -from ministrators expand class size to make up for the difference, 27,000 to 30,000 students. Cunningham said. UF's enrollment now is 28,644, but the UF budget inThe troubles stem from the Florida Legislature's 1980-82 cludes only enough money for 27,500 students. UF's cap exbiennial budget. Lawmakers didn't allot the money for the cludes students from the Health Center and the Institute of 1,000 to 1,500 students because they were admitted to UF Food and Agricultural Sciences. after the budget was prepared in 1979, Bryan said. Although UF President Robert Marston previously has opEven if the Regents -which oversee the State University posed enrollment cap', he voted for the university System -agree today to provide UF with the money, UF presidents' reconiendation. He was "led to believe" UF still could be shortchanged. The choices are lose money or would get the money it needed for the 1,000 extra students, turn away more students. saurnhawaysmore students. gedthe Lluhmtsss'e d Iidnt -elbet 0MYi e III" toeIII" usumt said UF spoxesmawr Hugh Cunningnam. Enolslmst levels are important for UF. The number of studenladetermines the amount of money UF will receive. And UF wants that additional money. UF administrators see'rome.V I 

PAGE 2

2. ailinntnr.fride,, ,xrirl 3-S19R By Dun. Mcdly Alligator Staff Writer A man accused of murdering his landlord also was charged almost two years ago with carrying an "arsenal" of weapons during Pope John Paul II's 1979 visit to the White House. Timothy Robert Burgess, 37, was charged Wednesday night with the first-degree murder of his landlord, Allen Foster. Foster's body was found Monday buried in a wooded area he owned about five miles north of Gainesville. Alachua County Judge Stephan Mickle ordered Burgess held on $100,000 bond Thursday morning. He also appointed Assistant Public Defender Rick Parker to represent Burgess. Foster's body was scalped, decapitated and dismembered, but an autopsy showed that he died of a gunshot wound. A chainsaw was found nearby, police said. Burgess surrendered to sheriff's Deputy Gary Buchanan-after deputies had surrounded his house and contacted him by phone. "We called him from a phone at a dommand post we had set up after we had surrounded the house," said Alachua County Sheriff's Capt. B.E. Roundtree. "He wanted to turn himself in to Deputy Buchanan, who had known Burgess, so we located Buchanan and he came out," Roundtree said. Roundtree said a citizen tipped police off on Burgess' whereabouts. Burgess was arrested Oct. 6, 1979, in La Fayette Park just a half-hour before the Pope was scheduled to appear at the White House. Burgess' dog tugged on its leash and pulled Burgess' jacket open, exposing several weapons, police said. Police found three loaded .45-caliber pistols, five loaded ammunition clips, 200 rounds of loose ammunition, and two knives. Foster worked as a marketing consultant for Hunter Marine in Alachua. He was reported missing Saturday night by his wife. Murder suspect held on bond Police arrest 'tree protector' Constructing a parking lot to ease The 21-year-old said she was on her way Gainesville's parking crunch usually home when she noticed construction workers wouldn't upset many people. building the lot andcdecided to see what was But Miary Ann Lynch said she was going on. bothered. Lynch was charged with resisting "All of a sudden the officer said 'I've had arrest without violence Tuesday after she enough' and slapped the handcuffs on me," refused to leave a city parking lot construcLenh'sads tion site, police said. The lot is being built Lynch said. across from her home at 416 NE Second St. Gainvesville police spokesman 11. Don Lynch said she doesn't particularly like the Dean said Lynch resisted the officer. idea of cutting down trees to pave the way "I hadn't intended on protesting for asphalt, but she thinks her arrest was anything," Lynch said. "I would just like to "unfair." see more trees and less parking lots." UF woman assaulted, robbed A female UF student was sexually She was taken to an undisclosed location assaulted and robbed late Wednesday night. where she was assaulted and later released. UF police Investigator Bob Hester could A male abductor forced the woman at gunnot reveal the dorm or location of the attack point into a car in a dorm parking lot. because of the on-going investigation. Weather Weekend forecast: fair weather through Saturday. Warmer tonight with lows near 60 (16 C), highs in the low to mid 80s (27 to 30 C). BE SPRING FEVER NOTAAYou'veWaited PLEDG All Winter Long For a New Honda and the Sale You've Waited for IS HERE Retail $169.00 NOW$1 49900 Streets Hernia 4820 N.W. 13th St. 7 SteitsNub 376-2637 9a.m.-3p.m. $25 Dep. Required CCampus Shop .rE& Bookstore -Wu Hub 392:0194 M-F -7, SatL -2 [3m The Vmy Bm9i n Hk Dedg *"polyg o n I bi'ef .aErin .sfcrenow clienL [PAM to 93 day elections Join us 371-0209 373-8076 PaiUid R Aderidneby Mem imwswffoi R .1 N G D A Y Abe %alustfumms llrmuys, J"Il wl, 1701 TODAY Order at the Hub 

PAGE 3

Nina's Nook Buy & Sll 377-6700 818 W. Univ. Ave, At You of F. You can make the SWITCH 37142W University if Florida Student Health Insurance gn Semi-Annual premium renewal extended to 4/30/81 Payment must be receiv ed by 4130181. American GigoloNig"The Feel Good Dancers'" Friday Spml.lpm It's Male Burlesque Happy Hour Tuesday thru Friday 2 for 1, 5-7pm Bobby Griffit on PianoWeekdovs 5-9 RUN WITH US The Florida Student Party invites you to Candidate Interviews Friday April 3rd, 10-5 p.m. Room 333/JWU Interviewing fofStudent Senate and ASFAC &o t"WAWOSOMM podd y n w%% W-lhwv City may cut parking 7 KIKI echl A igator Staff Writer The Gainesville Public Works Committee wants to take steps to counter the parking ban, but to do so it may have to slash even mole parking spaces. The controversial parking ban, which went into effect March 16, eliminated 3,000 commuter parking spaces in City ComIssIoner Gary Junior wants to slice mare parking spaces ,InJohnson Though students were told last year that rates from a Dallas-based insurance company would drop 10 percent in 1981, just the opposite could happen. A proposed rate hike calls for a 15-percent increase in the health insurance that 9,000 UF students buy from the Lone Star Insurante Co. Local insurance agent Earl Scarborough said the increase is needed fo offset rising expenses. "The insurance company has projected that its claims costs will rise because of inflation and higher health care costs. This amount is 15 percent," Scarborough said. This Tuesday, the UF Insurance Committee is to decide whether to pay for the increase or open up the $500,000 contract for bids, said committee Chairman Scott Weinstein. UF administrators and student leaders awarded the contract to Lone Star last June. In -May, they had decided to replace Scarborough -a former business associate bf local Board of Regents member Jack McGriff -with the Adams Insurance Co. The insurance. committee later reversed its decision because Scarborough still had two years left in a three-year contract with UF. 'i9 -.-, SA AIL1 AJ ,IlkM Z I,,. on University Avenue neighborhoods north, east and west of the UF campus. The committee -composed of city commissioners Courtland Collier and Gary Junior -last week agreed to recommend the elimination of parking on University Avenue from Southwest Second Street to Southwest 34th Street. Parking lanes would then be converted into bikeways. But unless viable parking alternatives could be found for area merchants, parking problems created by the present ban would be intensified. Merchants are now provided with three neighborhood parking decals, but some businesses with many part-time employees are complaining that these are not enough, city Transportation Director Harry Burns said. 'When the dust settles, we'll all be better off.' -Kermit Sigmon Wednesday, the committee told the city transportation staff to prepare a preliminary report on acquiring, either through purchase or lease, several plots near the University Post Office to be converted intd city parking lots. The lots would provide parking for local merchants' employees only, not alleviate parking shortages caused by the ban, said Collier. The plan does not yet include details such as how UF commuters would be prevented from filling the lots. But Collier said parking would be either by decal or meter. The final plan would have to get the City Commission's approval. Kermit Sigmon, a member of the Bicycle Advisory Board and principal author of the proposal, favors cutting University Avenue parking because it would contribute to a "balanced" transportation system. "The prime purpose of the parking ban was not to save neighborhoods but to show how we could shift from auto modes to non-auto modes of transportation," Sigmon said. "Now they (commissioners) are trying to enhance the alternatives." But the spots probably won't be cut without a fuss. "When the dust settles, we'll all be better off," said Sigmon, who wants to stop or delay what he called the "paving over" of Gainesville as the city grows. Committee member Wayne LaRoche then said he thought UF's insurance rates would "actually drop 10 percent" after the first year. LaRoche, no'longer a UF student, now works in St. Petersburg for Guaranty Trust, UF's former insuror. Part of the proposed rate increase would cover rising Infirmary costs, which this year jumped 10 percent. Committee member Bill Cross favors an increase at least as great. "I feel that a 10 percent increase is justified, but 15 percent is another question," Cross said. Committee Chairman Weinstein said he prefers staying with Lone Star despite the proposed increase. "I would like to stay with the present company to further assess our position. To keep switching from year to year to get lower rates ruins our credibility," Weinstein said. David Nye, an economics professor on the committee who specializes in insurance, said three to four months are needed after the contract expires to figure out the total cost. The lag makes it difficult to say if the current contract is worth keeping, he said. "If a student gets sick at the end of the year (in September), it will take until December to get the final results of the costs. We have to make our decision now. though." Nve said. UF ponders student health insurance hike gliulr u y, upr 0, 1 allinntorfridiv nri fl 39A p 

PAGE 4

-08'*a-"-'' '""t-'uy' '.p""a l what's ILuppeul-1ug A Hillel Activities: Shabbat services begin tonight at 7 with dinner following. Saturday services begin at 10 a.m. Sunday a demonstration talk on "How to Handle Missionaries" by Rabbis Ron Kaplan and Casniel Brusowaukin will start at 11 a.m. Black Student Organization: meets tonight at 7:30 in the Arrendondo Room of the Reitz Union. Keynote speaker will be Alachua County Judge Stephan Mickle. Contra Dance: will be Saturday evening issues continued from page one Although literature distributed by Graham's office mentions tuition increases of up to 36 percent by 1982-83, Graham actually is asking for the same 28 percent tuition hike he proposed in February, Melear said. The confusion apparently stems from Graham's statement that he wants to increase the total amount of money the state gets from tuition by 40 percent in two years. For students in their first two years who take the equivalent of 15 credit hours a quarter, that translates into tuition going from $675 this year to $855 a year in 1982-83. That's a 26 percent increase. Juniors and seniors taking the same course load would pay $952 a year in 1982-83, 28 percent more than this year's $742.50 figure. And graduate students taking 30 semester hours -the equivalent of 45 quarter hours -would pay $1,281 in 1982-83, 36 percent more than the $990 they're paying now. Under the plan the Regents are scheduled to consider today, all undergraduates would pay $930 yearly by 1982-83. That's a 34 percent tuition increase for future freshmen and sophomores. Juniors and seniors would pay only 23 percent more, because they now pay more for each credit than do the underclassmen. And, Melear said, Regent Jack McGriff of Gainesville is proposing that the increases be spaced out over four years rather than two. In other words, anything still could happen. The possibilities include no tuition hikat all, said Sen. Jack Gordon, a liberal Miami Beach Democrat who advocates free college educations. Gordon said pushing tuition hikes through will be "quite difficult" if students and their parents keep pointing out all the other expenses that are sacking students' pocketbooks. at 8 at the Tanglewood Clubhouse, 2901 SW 13th St. Gorege and Bake Sale: will take place Saturday from 9 a.m. till 2 p.m. at the AAA parking lot, 1201 NW 13th St. The sale is sponsored by Trend Realty and benefits the Muscular Dystrophy Association. Martin Luther King Memorial Progran: will take place Saturday at 5 p.m. at the Northwest Planning Office Park, 321 NW 10th St. Speakers are Charles Chesnut, Joseph Judge and Sally Harrison. Why parents? "The parents are known to be voters, which is more than can be said for the students," Gordon said, adding that parents share the cost of fee hikes. Gordon, chairman of the Senate Ways and Means Committee -which holds the purse strings -was instrumental in turning back a proposed fee hike in 1979,student lobbyists said then. That year, the student campaign against the tuition increases climaxed with a march on the Capitol from Florida State University. Students from alt-over'the state participated. This year, FSA will not sponsor such a protest, Beam said, although the lobby would not necessarily oppose an independently organized march. At Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, students have started writing letters to legislators from their hometowns, Beam said. At UF, however, the anti-hike campaign is off to a slow start. Student Government's liaison to the Tallahassee lobbyists, Reggie Garcia, officially assumed his position just three days ago, when his appointment was confirmed by the Student Senate. "As soon as we get an idea how the bill's going, we'll have a better idea how to channel-our actions," Garcia said. Garcia characterized the tuition hike as "inevitable," despite Gordon's statement that the hikes almost surely will not win approval. Garcia said he will seek to keep the increase as small as possible and try to channel some -of the money into the studentcontrolled Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee. The wet-behind-the-ears lobbyist, like many lawmakers, still is confused about how much Graham wants to increase the tuition. "I had a 30 percent figure myself," he offered cautiously. The flurry of numbers may just help knock a fee increase out of consideration this year. "I hope we can confuse it right out the windw," Martin said. In Class. With Class! Shoes leotards anl tights for dance. gipnnastics. xII si 0im orju t siasiil 1'ar. y 'apezio oImd~is~i In Cap I a piskin. Classics -ith still. ond styilcs -iith chic_ at Gainost ille's Complt i KancIroui-rr Store. \nd \%or( 'KCK 'K375-7933 -,Thbr,.hs~ 'Kee---eseeMon., Wed., Fri., 14-8 Creekside Tue. Thur., Set. 10-6 MaIl (next to Hauaian Village) *New Danskin Bathing SuitsHave ArrivediK I "WHY DO THE HEATHEN RAGE?" Psalms 2:1 and Acts 4:25 are drawn by His power to the Soni We blame this man and that, this nation and that, but according to God's message here the blame lee at the door of all who refuse to deport from evi buttchoose to rage against The Ainighty. Read Luke 13: 1., and make the application. elijah, the man taken to heaven without dying, bypassing the grve, said to King Ahak "I have not troubled Israel, but ihee, and thy father's house, in that ys have forsakenthe Comm&andmentsof God." let Kings 11:11. When the Apoetie John had his wonder and supernatural vision on the isis of P00s he soi:"IW isIn the Spirit of the Lord's Day." Likely he wotId hove nevr had that vision if he had been "in l en the Lord's Day,"orhadhebeen fsltng ontLerfDe-And im was a.fiehgtenoshen eesWet Jesse; or qS fte ai s, at the baseball gems, 'lgt1 e 0"g inf te eOr maybe Working the gsrdn, *dMeming the tn, hedes, There is a tine for these things,. but i is en th'e Lord's Day when we shoulder in "sitng ithafstef -Jesus and hearing is Werds," nd .bshg is comment "Learn of We. P.O. BOX 406 DECATUR, GEORGIA 30"1 The above question is asked by God Almighty Himself in the second Psalm of His Book, the Bible. Do you ask God to bless you? In the first Psalm He says the man is blessed that departs from evil in his walk, his stand, his sitting, and "his delight is in the law of the Lord; and in His lsw doth he mediate day and night." Have we a right to be heard and blessed ovaocount of our efforts to meet and fulfM these conditions? In John &44, etc. Jesus said "No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him -And they shpll all be taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and beth learned of the Father, cometh unto me." Have we put ourselves in position to be "taught of God" by sesrohing the Scriptures and meditating on His Word? It appears we are always "passing the buck" to the Almighty while in reality His Word "peeses it to ust" The low is our schOol. meter to bEng us to Christ. The reseon our churches are so full of "dead wood and Iees beggegs" of folks who don'tknow what it is to be convicted of sin end made to se their lest eanditlon by thepowerof the Holy Spiri, is that they aredrawn into the dhemh and to Christ, as they think, by the precepts of me, the devices and wiles of the devil, and net by the sohe-owmasterse "teaching them of the Father tat they sen itO d5w\\h -1 4' Te .opr!*eset o *o Art Ensemble SUN. -8PM APRIL 5, BANDSHELL "-te most Important azz ensemble of the pO's ROLLING STONE MAGAZINE in association with CELESRATUON 'Si F Callincitor-frieinv nnril A IOAI 

PAGE 5

Student Ag.GardenIPlots Spring & Sumner Sale TIME: Noon April 4 & 9:00 am April 5 PLACE: Garden Plots Are Between Lake Alice & Married Housing $.0 fora2W X 2' plot $12.0 for a WX4 plot Price incl Aesl'or a ootnnle alligator fridav. nil 3.i98. 5 All That You *'Desire At SPEC'S -On Mercury Recordsandlapm ErAXCR G~w MFRS LUST $7.98 To In Th4 Albertson Plaza TEL: 376-5301 eievlle's m sCompete* osatkmee SOre. *. *" Announces What ? Afl inventory Adjustment Sale. Save 25% on all "Nike" Shoes currently in stock. Limited sizes available in some styles. When? Sale commences Saturday April 4 and ends Saturday April 11, 1981. Where? The ,a44' Shoe Store HOURS: M-F 9-8 PM Sat. 9-6 PM "LerPest Selection of Pass Shoes In the Southbest' o %~j %tw f%, a R, IM Second space shuttle technician dies at Shands Seft ud0 wire weiAt the request of Cole's wife, Nancy, NASA and Shands officials are maintaining a tight-lipped silence about Cole exA second space shuttle technician has died at Shands cept to say he died from lack of oxygen. Teaching Hospital from injuries received two weeks ago A second technician, John Bjornstad, died about three when he and four other workers entered a nitrogen-filled hours after the accident that occurred when five employees compartment in the spacecraft. of Rockwell International entered the shuttle's nitrogenForrest Cole, a 50-year-old senior mechanical technician, filled engine area. died Wednesday night in the hospital's intensive-care unit, a The mishap still is under investigation, but survivors of the Shands spokeswoman said. accident said a "return to work" order had been given after He had been in critical condition since the March 19 accia countdown test. They had been cleared to work without dent. breathing apparatus in the engine area. Today is deadline to qualify for SG election Today is the last day to qualify for Student Government specify whether he or she is running independently or with a elections. -party. Forty seats are open in the Student Senate, as well as the The number of qualified candidates on the list as of 4 p.m. positions of Student Body president, vice president, Thursday was: KAOS Party, 19; Florida Student Party, 17; treasurer, and 13 positions on the Student Honor Court. Students With Independent Ties for A Change tol-Ionesty, 4; "'Qialifying' is essentially running everybody through and Students Unite Now 26. the computer to show they're eligible," said Election SuperThe only presidential candidates that were qualified at visor Randy Drake. that time were Mike Greenspan of SWITCH and Richard Candidates need a 2.0 grade point average and must be Baltin of KAOS. Qualifying is in room 336 of the Reitz full-time students not on probation. A candidate also must Union from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 1702 W. University Ave. Hardee Plaza 373-0002 F 

PAGE 6

6. alligator, friday, april 3, 1981 YOU *mt *utont directtd I djustment, and AUDI rECHNtC .^."*t top cassette deck with Noise Reduction system. MET .-wyspeaker with 8" WOOFER *VE MANUAL Drect dve I01 'vUIU No Wl au1tom at1111C. Wtth strobe8 1 PINTE NE rFro27PnelControls. $215"~ nic Cash""ricE Tehncnic SL Ichic CURS M I IbhCi coolsPACE AC 2025 dtti"% 31 ECH 0904 pw*a* CAN SlRujf win e6ns2 ECI PRaFILE 420 NLY Y' 7 EI A1-I mFAnaEi I BAMGAISI h -d"5 -on 0totend -W muic ysem .337.7 not foCiak" As ol as 819.1 .om e .g. lic--.31 .ic Custom Hi-Fthe Price Beaters 40 CitIes,9QStates Coast to Coast, Custom I-FWIIISeI7 forLess. Our Prices ae Always Insath *Over 90 Famous Brands of Home Electronical The Big Black Building That Saves You More 420 N.W. 13th St. 372-8558 STORES ALSO IN TAMPA, LARGO, TALLAHASSEE, & TEMPLE TERRACE QUANTITIES LIMITEDI PeNn. ~oo ---.8298.7281 ~3sol". o" .3211Sa vw.,Aok --W.00 a W oft be@-" a" W" -~ .0 ft 401 so Lo -"d Iftnve 10-9 1-0 si %run a o ahow." -Pft-w d. ft Mft 9ft ~0 m on Ira I I Vw ppp"M41% to 

PAGE 7

alligator, friday, opril 3, 1981, 7 LIPHAM MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Welcomes You with 6 h I c Electric and Acoustic 0mFns "serving Gainesville for over Y4 century" ~ IPHAM MUSICAL __________INSTRUMENTS Mn-frl 9"Sat9-4 372-5351 3425W. Univ. Ave Wesget Re Flood of parking decal requests m'ay hit city Unda Califf can afford to take a breather -but only for a few days. Cliff -in charge of issuing neighborhood parking decals for residents who live within the campus parking ban area is experiencing a calm after the storm. The lull in decal requests follows a "really hectic" few days when students returned to Gainesville after spring break, Califf said. The parking ban -effective as of March 16 -puts about 3,000 parking spots west of the Holland Law Center, north of campus in the student ghetto and east in the streets near Norman Hall off limits to commuters. Cars without decals parked in the ban area will be subject to ticketing and towing. But it may turn out that Califf's calm is only the eye of the hurricane. Califf said she expects a "mad rush" for decals on Tuesday, April 7. "April 6 is when they start ticketing," she said ominously. Residents who wish to obtain a parking decal must bring a vehicle registration and proof of rmsidncy to the information desk at City Hall. Enrollment from page one Gov. Bob Graham's new 1982-84 budget finances UF based on its old enrollment levels -exculding the additional 1,000 students,said UF Registrar Vernon Voyles. Although the enrollment cap previously was set at 2,300 students fall quarter, UF admits 4,400 during all four academic quarters, Cunningham said. "Under this proposal, we'd have to cut back to 3,100," Cunningham said. CORNER 4 DRUGSTORE ,112 as W 1ST AVE., GAWdUSVILLE, FL 3W 01 

PAGE 8

4. alligator, friday, opril 3, 1981 o pinonsMO Half-baked Half of not enough is still not enough. Just basic common sense, right? Nothing earthshattering about that little revelation. Why, it's something even a first-grader can understand. Unfortunately, it's not something President Ronald Reagan understands. Or, apparently, some powerful U.S. Senators. That fact became painfully clear a few weeks ago during a Senate committee hearing on a plan to pay teenagers less than the minimum wage. The teenage wage proposal is one of the major labor issues that will come before the Republicandominated Senate this year. There were three bills under consideration by the committee. One would drop the minimum wage by 25 percent for youths under 20, and another would drop the minimum wage by 15 percent. Both of these bills would allow teenagers to receive the full amount after six months on the job. The third bill would eliminate the minimum wage altogether for those under 18. At the hearing, U.S. Labor Secretary Ray Donovan said Reagan supports the concept of a minimum wage -which he termed a "youth opportunity wage." He said any money put into teenagers' pockets "is better than nothing." Sen. Orrin Hatch, chairman of the Labor and Human Resources Committee, was more enthusiastic. The influential Utah Republican said a sub-minimum wage is the only way "to solve the cancer of teenage unemployment." Well, we don't think so. There's no denying that teenagers, particularly blacks, are finding few opportunities in today's tight job market. But approving patently discriminatory legislation -which is what all three of these proposals really are -is not going to do anyone a bit of good.: First of all, a sub-minimum wage is going to take jobs away from already underpaid adults. The minimum wage is $3.35 an hour, or $134 for a 40-hour week. In other words, it's not enough as it is. But Reagan and Hatch apparently want to take even that meager amount away from thousands of citizens in order to give even less to thousands more. And that makes no sense at all. Secondly, no less an authority than Mr. Donovan himself made an astute point about the youth employment problem at the recent Senate hearing. It's a point Reagan and Hatch would do well to ponder. The labor secretary said the high unemployment rate among largely unskilled youth is less a result of the minimum wage than a manifestation of this country's ailing economy in general. In other words, a sub-minimum wage isn't likely to make a real dent in unemployment among teenagers because there simply aren't enough jobs to absorb them. Even Reagan says he wants to wait until May before committing himself specifically to one of the three proposals. That's when a government study on the subject is scheduled for release. We hope Sen. Hatch can be as patient. If not, we urge Florida Sens. Lawton C'itles and Paula Hawkins to fight this unjust and ineffective plan. Half of not enough just isn't enough. In fact, in these days of rising prices, enough is barely sufficient. Edtor' While using a wheelchair, I have been attending UF for about two years. My comments and gripes fall into two categories: logistical problems and attitudinal problems. Speaking logistically first, I have no attendant -I don't need one. If I move slowly in my chair, that is because I am not muscle-bound; I can't maneuver all that fast. I seldom need help. If anyone does feel inclined to offer assistance, please ask me first. Don't grab at the back of my chair, because I have a tendency to dangle my fingers near the wheels. If you grab my chair without my knowledge, -my f ingers might get caught in the spokes. If you offer help, and I reply "No, thank you," don't keep pushing me with, "Are you sure?" and "I don't mind," etc. If I really meant yes, I wouldn't say no. If you are in a position to open a door for a disabled per. son, that is fine; it's appreciated. But don't shove in front of them with some misguided notion to help. Only hitting him in the face with your arm or the door is accomplished, and that he resents. If you encounter a disabled person in the restroom, please don't insist upon trying to help him. Handicapped people are as much entitled to their privacy as you are to yours. I have had people bang shut or locked doors in the restroom to ask inlligator Edit .D,.h Gene.lM e.99 .C Berbe MEnogngEd.oNo. elff mAdmiit uat oMr r.tvelne News Editor Jonothon Susskand Advertising Director: Suzanne Petersen News Editor: Gino Thomas Operations Manager Guy R. Hudspeth Or)nionEditor isnn enoe us 8 on aer:HarryMontdebok SportsEditor MartinCohen ProductionSupervisor:Lee Herring Published by P.O. Box 14257 University Station.Gainesville, Florida Office behindthe College Iny,, 1728 W ,stUniversity Ae .,olasfed Adver.tising: 376-4446; Retail Dsplay Advertising: 376-4482; Newsroom: 376-4458; Production: 373-9926; Business Office: 376 4446 Letters Policy Letters must be typed and double-spaced on a 60 character line, doted and signed with the author's real name, have address and telephone number of writer and not exceed 300 words. Names will be withheld if writer shows just cause. The editor reserves the right to edit oil letters for space. Readers may submit longer essays, columns or letters to be considered for use as guest columns. Any writer interested in submitting a regular column is asked to contact the editor and be prepared to show work samples. me if I wanted help! I repeat again: if the individual needed help, he would have an attendant. My second area of gripes and suggestions is in attitude problems. Don't mothers teach their children that it is impolite to stare? I am hesitant to attend concerts, movies or plays on campus because I can guarantee you that I will be subjected to blank-faced, open-nouthed stares from strangers. This is unpleasant. Rolling down the sidewalks minding my own business is also unpleasant when I am afflicted with 2,000 starters and 2,000 bumers or tuneless whistlers. Really, a simple smile or "hello" would suffice. The original character of "The Elephant Man" is supposed to have said, "I am not an animal .I am a human being." I am a person, too. Not a thing to stare at, to be manhandled, or to have my motives or judgments constantly questioned. I have been in a wheelchair for five years. I thought that I had learned to cope with the situation. Couldn't the rest of the UF student body learn to cope also? Jane Mul.on SUA ERA opponents aren' ignorant Editor: I object to the implications of Kevin Turley's opinion piece, "Apple Pie and Family Meets Feminist." Not only is the piece filled with inaccurate stereotypes of women and anti-Equal Rights Amendment activists, but Turley didn't get his facts straight. Contrary to the article's implications, the passage of the Equal Employment Opportunities Act of 1972 and the establishment of the Equal Employment opportunities Commission eliminated legal discrimination in hiring, wages, promotions, etc. Thus, in this area, the ERA would not be plowing new fields; it would only reinforce the illegality of such discrimination as set forth in existing legislation. Not only is Turley's prognosis of the effects of the ERA incorrect, but he presented disturbing stereotypes about antiERA' activists and women in general. Not all women and men who are opposed to the ERA are simple-minded and ignorant of the issue. Many anti-ERA rallyists just have too many unresolved questions to support the amendment with a clear conscience, even though most of them support the concept of equality. Maybe Turley could keep these ideas in mind if he decides to do another "cynical" piece on the ERA and it supporters and opponents. At least if we can't agree, let's be accurate. U@.Teylr -7 ym A Treat handicapped as humans, not oddities .AL N -W*"kjjFjjL -0 T* lwar.,X 

PAGE 9

alligator, friday, april 3, 1981, 9 opInions 2020: Will violence penetrate the vacuum? The president stopped in Gypsy, Idaho, during her campaign stomp across the nation for the election of '20 -the year 2020, that is. The Gypsy townfolk, all 172 of them strutted out in-their Sunday best. Their spit-shined shoes and rustic smiles beamed across, the phalanx of stone-faced Secret Service agents that guarded the entrance to the town hall where the president would appear. The president, with the First Gentleman at her side, rode atop a special litter enclosed in a bullet-proof glass booth a common practice for many executives and famous people in the second millennium A.D. The cheers, however, grew louder despite the formidable barrier. But the president heard none of this. Someone had forgotten to turn on the sound in her bullet-proof booth. She smiled and waved to the small crowd anyway, but she spoke in a social vacuum. Meanwhile, on a hilltop a mile away, a young man from a nice, average American family crouched on the ground and watched the president through binoculars. He also couldn't hear the speech as he aimed the weapon at the bullet-proof booth. No-one heard the laser beam as it sliced through the glass and burned a neat, round hole in the president's forehead. There was no blood because the laser cauterized the wound as it passed through the president's brain. Only when she slumped forward did everyone realize the tragedy. Another assassinationn right here in the God-fearing American town of Gypsy! Watching the pandemonium from the hilltop, the assassin brushed off his pants, packed his laser in a violin case and walked away. John F. Kennedy, before he was assassinated in 1963, once told a reporter who asked him about his thoughts on assassination "If anyone wants to do it, no amount of protection is enough. All a man needs is a willingness to trade his life for mine." That ominous statement was made back in the days when presidents rode in open4opped limousines or walked unescorted with an entourage of weapon-weilding bodyguards. America still believed in innocence back then. I remember Kennedy's assassination from a rather innocent point of view. After playing outside all day, I walked in my old house in New York, peeled the dirty clothes from my robert bortolotto staff writlngs body and then saw my mother crying quietly to herself over the washing machine. To a four-year-old, this reaHy struck me as strange. After all, I didn't do anything wrong. When I asked why I couldn't watch my favorite cartoons on television that afternoon, my mother broke down and said the president had just been assassinated. I then was told to go to bed early after supper, still trying to figure out what assassinated meant. That same feeling came back to me when I watched T.V. this past Monday -what does it mean? Only this time, I wasn't trying to figure out what the word assassinated meant. I already knew that from rote memorization. This time I was trying to figure out why I had become so insensitive to the subject. After living through two of the most politically tragic decades in America, I just passed it off as Aim for stricter gun control, prevent slayings Editor. America is the land of the free and home of the brave. It also carries the simultaneous distinction of being the most violent society in the free world. It seems that the most virulent cost of holding a public office or a leadership position is not the hard work or family sacrifice involved, but rather the underlying possibility of being the target of an assassin's bullet. This situation is not irreversible. The time has come to coerce a 'significant political force of lobbyists that will garner support for gun control. Handguns are a commodity that should be abolished to the general public. They are small, easily accessible and can be carried essentially hidden from view. In essence, they are the perfect murder weapon. No one wants to deny the right to bear arms, to hunt or to participate in competitive sports. The handgun is not significant in any of these situations. If you want to protect your home, use a rifle or shotgun. The list of political and moral leaders slain by handguns goes on and on. The not-so-famous murdered list also continues growing at a rapid rate. It's time for some positive action to be initiated. Our suggestions include: 1) Total abolishment of all easily concealed guns marketed to the general public. 2),lf not total outlawing, at least stricter control methods. a) States responsible for instituting a handgum registration with retroactive licensing occuring every year. This would be similar to state vehicle inspection centers. Subjective penalty could be imposed on those who are delinquent in having their firearms registered annually. b) These institutions could be funded by charging for the registration privilege. c) Support Sen. Edward Kennedy's proposed handgun bill. Write to: Handgun Control, Inc. Suite 607 810 18th St., NW. Washington, D.C. 20006 We trust that President Reagan recovers quickly and soundlyrand that he now realizes that his stand on gun control is ineffective and macabre. Happiness is not a warm gun, but rather happiness is being able to lead a full life without fear of being slaughtered by a criminal with a handgun. David Glickse 3UP Jeffrey Thoes -SUF something commonplace. But how long will this psychological numbness last? Former President Jerry Ford, commenting on the chief executive's responsibility to maintain a close personal bond between the Oval Office and the American people, said "The American people expect a dialogue between them and their president and their other public officials." Just hours before, on Sept. 22, 1975, Ford barely survived the second attempt on his life in San Francisco. "And if we can't have the opportunity of talking with one another, seeing one another, shaking hands with one another, then something has gone wrong in our society," he added. Something has gone wrong, and it's festering into a selffulfilling prophecy of violence. The Kennedy brothers, Malcolm X, Martin Luther King Jr. -all victims, all cut off in their prime, are only the most visible examples. With the latest assault -unsuccessful by a fluke of fate on President Reagan, perhaps we already are on the way to making the distance between him and the American people further and further apart. Granted, the president must be protected, but the people will suffer from an alienated relationship and incredible feelings of paranoia and mistrust in crowded situations. It has been suggested to increase the use of television to avoid personal exposure, increase Secret Service protection, and even depersonalize the Office of the President. But when this happens, we can write off democracy as we know it. And as long as a democracy can be thrown off balance by a bullet, I wonder about the inner child I was watching TV. with this past Monday who wanted to watch the cartoons, not the bloodshed. Voter -registration is free, peinems "and the easiest thing in the world," cays Alechua County liectole 1rvisoruddy Irby. April 4is the last day to register to vote in the May 5 election that will decide on two new Gaineeville city comm-isloners and a county ciharterr eferendum. On campus students con register to vote at the Student Govoernent Office, Room 305 of the J. Wayne Reltz Union or at the Student Services OfAce, Room 114 of Tigrt HaiL Off campus voters can register at Rom 146 of the County Adinistration SuildIng, 21. Unversity Ave. from :3 to 5 p. On April 4 the ies. tions Supervieos Office will only he open fro 12 P.m. toS. P.M. To register you need proof that you are 1S or older an-you--.aust wear you are an Aladueh County resident, a United States citizen and hame net been envicted ofa felony. 

PAGE 10

10. alligator, friday, april 3, 1981 encore A mini-course in tanning Suntan U. style The spring quarter course guide here at good old Suntan U. does not include a course in the basics of the suntan. But considering the time UF beaus and beauties spend catching rays on the plaza, sunning on the Union lawn, basking beside Lake Alice and tanning in general anywhere on campus with a patch of sunlight and no construction -with book in hand, of course -a class in the suntan just might be appropriate. Here is how Suntan U.'s Professor Burns might teach it. First day of class: Class, my name is Professor Burns and I would like to tell you a bit about this class before passing out the syllabus. It is offered only during spring quarter here at Suntan U. The course is entitled 'The Fundamentals of the Suntan' and is a prerequisite for summer quarter's 'Advanced Suntan' class. If you fail, I suggest you schedule all your courses winter quarter or transfer to the University of North Dakota. You will be graded by color chart: a bronze Savage Tan is an A, a Golden Tan is a B, a Cafe Au Lait Tan is a C, a Flesh Tone Tan is a D, and a Sunburn is an E. And don't think you can get by without doing your out of class assignments; your grades will be directly proportional to the time you spend in the sun. And one more thing. Anyone caught using Q-T gets an automatic E in the class. OK, here's the syllabus. As you can see, this class is not an easy A. By the time you get out of here -if you haven't developed skin cancer -not only will you have a perfect tan, you will know why you have a perfect tan. During the first week, you will learn about the sun. The sun can be your friend or your enemy. But you need to know how it works to get it to work for you. To avoid burning, you need to avoid the sun's short ultraviolet rays known in this class as UV-B rays. According to our text, "The Suntan Book" by Albert Cassorla, the closer you are to the equator and sea level the more UV-B rays there are. That's why students who transfer from the North to Suntan U. burn so quickly, not being accustomed to our short rays. Bronzing the body, however, requires exposure to rays with a long frequency. To tan without burning requires beginning with your basic 30-minute tan session and increasing exposure by increments to the all day honors tan session. In weeks two and three, we will study the skin, fact and fiction. Your skin acts as a shield. It burns to protect your insides from excess solar radiation. The beginning of a sunburn usually shows up after 20 minutes in bright sunlight The red look comes from enzymes released by the hazardous UV-B rays. The enzymes cause blood vessels to dilate and the dilation turns your skin red. The bronze look comes from a substance called melanin. When ultraviolet rays penetrate your skin it causes amino acids and enzymes to react to form melanin. The melanin rises to the second layer of skin and when enough is collected you tan. After only a day in the sun you may get a temporary tan from the reaction of the melanin already in the upper layer of your skin. This temporary tarrwill not get you an A in this class. It will wash away along with millions of other cells on your skin surface and will not protect you from sunburn. In weeks four and five, you will learn techniques for protecting yourself and your skin. As a study aid here, you may want to take note of a device invented by the Food and Drug Administration that rates the amount of protection offered by various tanning products. It is called the Sun Protection Factor. It is important in choosing tanning aids for your out of class work that you check for the Sun Protection Factor The Sun Protection Factor goes like this: a rating of 2 to 4 offers least protection and will work well for those of you in the honors sequence who already have a tan; 4 to 6 is moderate protection for those of you in the intermediate group with a base tan; 6 to 8 is extra protection for those of flesh tone; 8 to 15 is maximum protection for transfer students from north of the Mason-Dixon Line-, and, more than 15 is ultra protection for those of you who probably should drop this class anyway. If you are fair, with blond hair, blue or green eyes, and freckles, you need the maximum sunscreens. If you are naturally dark with brown or black eyes, it is safe to use the minimum sunscreens. Grades will not be scaled for those of you with fair skin. Sunscreens will be provided for the fair members of the class. These blocking agents should be rubbed into the skin at least an hour before going out in the sun. Weeks dix through nine, we will study burns. A mild, firstdegree bum ends at reddened skin. A moderate first-degree bum adds heat, pain, swelling, peeling, cell replacement, and skin thickening to mere reddening. If you should experience a more serious, second-degree bum -with its attendant fever, vomiting, chills, kidney in flammation, and sometimes even delirium -rush to Suntan U.'s infirmary. With a second-degree burn the skin releases large quantities of serum, the clear part of the blood. The serum collects between the outer and inner layer of the skin, causing blisters. Overexposure to the sun, however, can cause more than your average sunburn. Lasting damage, such as eye injury, skin thickening, premature skin aging, rashes, and skin cancer can result. Hives also can result from taking sleeping pills before sunbathing. Withdrawal from Suntan U. is recommended for any class member experiencing these symptoms. During Dead Week, we will further our discussion of the hazards of sunbathing. Whether caused by the sun or by sunlamp, UV-B radiation is the leading cause of skin cancer. You should know the tanning and attendant burning you do in this class could add years to your appearance. The sun can cause blood vessels to grow larger and rupture, causing spots and fine red lines. The elastic fiber in your skin, called collagen, also can be damaged by the sun, causing skin to wrinkle deeply and irreversibly. Here's a hint that could mean the difference between an A stan bodz Business administration graduate Ellen Haas' tan would rate an A+ at Suntan U. and a B in this course: a borderline burn can be saved by moisturizing immediately after sunbathing, after showering and before bed. In other words, always have your aloe lotion with you and keep a coating on your skin. And moisturize after each time water touches your skin because the moisturizer locks in the water's moisture. No questions? OK, class will meet Mondays beside Florida Pool, Wednesdays by Graham Pond, and will be canceled on Friday for those taking a weekend trip to Crescent Beach. One final point, anyone caught using a sunlamp or coming out of a tanning parlor automatically flunks and will be reported to the Honor Court for cheating. Now go out there #nd earn yourself a spot in Suntan U.'s Hall of Fame. "2 By Glenn Abel The current rendition of The Postman Always Rings Twice should go on record as one of Hollywood's rarest birds -a remake that actually improves upon its predecessors. Three other screen adaptations of the James Cain novel exist -a 1939 French version; Visconti's 1942 Ossessione, and the well known John Garfield/Lana Turner showcase but only in this year's model does the book's brutal, existential worldview come through intact. It's a seamy tale of love, betrayal and murder that, even today, may prove too intense for a lot of people. Director Bob Rafelson and scenarist David Mamet follow Cain's plot with a surprising amount of reverence. The trouble starts when Frank (Jack Nicholson), a crafty Depressionera drifter, takes a job at a rural California gas station/grill operated by a loud Greek immigrant (John Colicos) and his younger wife, Cora (Jessica Lange). While the Greek and his new mechanic strike up an uneasy friendship, Frank and Cora lunge into a love affair with an emotional and sexual intensity that almost sizzles thescreen. After an aborted attempt to run away together, the two soon come to a sinister decision: "You don't know what it's like to be a woman caught in this situation," Lange says to Nicholson in one of the film's powerful scenes. "I don't care what's right or wrong anymore. Nicholson replies slowly, slack-jawed, "They hang people for that, Cora." Nicholson and Lange couldn't be better cast as the movie's murderous lovers. Nicholson's dramatic achievements, of course, are legendary; here he offers one of his finest performances. Lange, whom you probably remember as King Kong's playmate or as Madam Death in All That Jazz establishes herself as a major league talent. Lange's portrayal, surprisingly, is every bit as strong as Nicholson's maybe better. C5 Rafelson's savvy, straightforward direction complements to perfection his players' tour'de-force acting. A close Nicholson friend and collaborator, Rafelson worked with his male lead on The King of Marvin Gardens and Five Easy Pieces (two superb films from the early '70's) and recommended Nicholson for his breakthrough role in Easy Rider. Although Rafelson has only five films to his credit (not counting Brubaker, for which he was largely responsible), Postmanbears the-stamp of-a-master director in his-prime. -' A lot of the credit for this movie's successes goes to cinematographer Sven Nykvist, who shot many of Ingmar Bergman's classics. Nykvist captures the story's uniquely American, nihilistic tone in a compelling pastiche of dark and flat tones that simultaneously brings to mind his European works and the trendy "hardboiled" U.S. films of the '30 s. Screenwriter Mamet, a veteran playwright whose creations include the perennial Duck Variations and Sexual Perversity in Chicago, makes an impressive celluloid debut with a script that's a study in restraint and realism. Not since Bob Towne's masterful Chinatown has Nicholson enjoyed better writing. To be fair, though, Postman will not appeal to everyone. You've probably heard a lot about the film's strong sexual content, and most of it's true: Lange and Nicholson serve up some of the strongest love scenes granted an "R" rating. Although there's little in the way of nudity, the sex is animalistic, erotic and definitely uncompromising. Also sure to upset some movie-goers are the Postman's often snail-paced tempo, existential leanings and dismal ending. It's not a project designed to offer lighthearted, Fridaynight-date fare. For those who love serious, dramatic movies, though, The Postman Always Rings Twicestands asa must-see endeavor. This one's an all-star film on all levels -acting. direction, cinematography, writing -and it truly deserves your -patronage.----'Postman' murderous love is better second time around 

PAGE 11

BE A NUTRITION COUNTS MORE CHAMP THAN CALORIES -~ -~ ----~ -------. Lowest Prices ***** Best Service Technics 378-0192 SOUND IDEAS 2201 N.W.13th St., EducateYourselff 4j"1 DICTIONARIES (HARDBACK) WESTER'5MuN t 0 q RY, 8TH ED THE SCRIBNER-BANTAMENGLIS IGfIARY THE CONCISE OXFORD DICTIONARY THE OXFORD AMERICAN DICTIONARY WEBSTER'S NEW WORLDDICTIONAARYOF THE AMERICAN LANGUAGE THE AMERICAN HERITAGE DICTIONARY-REGUALR AND COLLEGE EDITION ENGLISH DICTIONARIES MEEEIAM-WEBSTER DICTIONARY (POCKET BOOED) WEBSTER'S NEW WORLD DICTIONARY POPULARE LIBRARY) WEBSTER'S NEW WORLD DICTIONARY OF THE AMERICAN LANGUAGE (WORLD) THE OXFORD AMERICAN DICTIONARY (OXFORD) THE AMERICAN HERITAGE DICTIONARY (DELL) MACMILLAN CONTEMPORARY DICTIONARY THE NEW AMERICAN WEBSTER HANDY COLLEGE DICTIONARY (N.A.L) THE RANDOM HOUSE DICTIONARY (R. HOUSE) THE SCRIBNER-BANTAM ENGLISH DICTIONARY (BANTAM) WEBSTER'S NEW SCHOOL AND OFFICE DICTIONARY (FAWCETT) THE THORNDIKE-BARNHART HANDY DICTIONARY (BANTAM) WESTER'S DICTIONARY FOR EVERDAY USE (BARNES & NOBLE) DICTIONARY OF DIFFICULT WORDS (N A L.) DICTIONARY OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONOYMS (POPULAR) MERRIAM-WEBSTER POCKET DICTIONARY OF SYNONYMS (POCKET) SOULE'S DICTIONARY OF ENGLISH SYNONYMS (BANTAM) ALLEN'S SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS (BARNES & NOBLE) THE BEST FROM: FOREIGN LANGUAGE DiCTOINARIESIN HARDBACK AND PAPERBACK CASSEL L'S:'VOS, LAROUSSE. HARHAP, McKAY, LANGERSCHEIDT, SIMON& SCHUSTER SCRIBNERS UNIV OFCHCAGO FOLLET T NEWAMERICAN LIBRARY, AVON, HARPER. WORLD. MACMILLAN BARRONS, ETC pus Shop Bookstore in the Hub I, alligaor, friday, uprii a, '701, goings on ,,,, Give a little bit. Be a SAMSON volunteer You can choose any one of 12/programs to get involved in. It's only two hours of your time per week for a worthwhile cause. Won't you get involved? Orientation & Recruitment Monday, April 6 7 P.M. Reitz Union Ballroom -1 7 Center Theatre Ordinary People -An excellent character study of a family in crisis, starring Mary Tyler Moore and Timothy Hutton. All Night Long.Gene Hackman is the crazy manager of an all-night drug store and Barbra Streisand is his less-than-demure sidekick. The Poetman Always Rings Twice -Jack Nicholson stars in this twisted story. Plaza Theatre Hardly Working -Jerry Lewis makes his film comeback in this zany new release. Thief -A look into the lives of professional thieves, with James daan as a highstakes thief who is tempted by diamonds. Royal Park Pour Reging'Bull -Robert De Niro IS Jake La Motta, the former middleweight boxing champion, in this excellent Martin Scorsese f ilm. Back Roads -Sally Field and Tommy Lee Jones are two losers who team up to make this film a real disappointment. Tess -Billed as the epic film of the decade, Roman Polanski turns in a rather tame version of the Thomas Hardy novel. Joni -Joni Eareckson portrays herself in this film about her successful battle to overcome her handicaps. Oaks Six Theatre The Final Conflict -The third in The Omen series finds Damien all grown up into a devilof a man. Coal Miner's Daughter -Sissy Spacek gives an award-winning performance as Loretta Lynn in this story about the country singer's rise to stardom. Tribute -A touching story of a father trying to rediscover the son he overlooked in childhood. Earthling -This wilderness survival story stars little Ricky Shroder, (The Champ), and veteran actor William Holden. Nighthewks -Sylvester Stallone stars in this face-off between Super-cop and Super-terrorist. Playing at the Union Flesh Gordon -Friday and Saturday -All-American hero Flash is out to save Earth from the villainous Emporer. 7 and 9:30 p.m. and midnight. 101 Danmatans -Sunday -Walt Disney's canine caper features the penultimate vixen, Cruella De Vil. 3 p.m. A Women is a Women -Sunday -A romantic comedy about Angela, the stripper who wants to settle down. Subtitled. 7 and 9:30 p.m. Lune -Tuesday and Wednesday -"Bertolucci's film is a lucid and uninhibited ia krW y R the outerliaits of human behavior" -Time magazine. 6:30 and 9:30 p.m. 42ndttret -Thurs1iay -:".t 4a&W meets with misfortune just in time for the chorus girl to take her place and be discover .tX149;3o p.m. Activities Celebration '1l a week-long entertainment festival sponsored by Student Government and Omega Delta Kappa, begins Sunday. The week's events include: Sunday -A Young People's Concert at 1:30 p.m. followed by the Art Ensemble of Chicago at the Bandshell at 8 p.m. Monday -The UF Vocal Jazz Troupe will appear at the Medical Center at 8:15 p.m. followed by a performance of "The Lover" in the Constans Theatre at 9 p.m. Tuesday -"Ernie Pyle -Here is My War" will be performed at Constans Theatre at 8 p.m. The UF Singers will appear at the Medical Center at 8:15 p.m. Wednesday -The UF Dance Company will perform at 7 -p.m. at Constans Theatre. Thursday -The mastermind of the Star Trek series, Gene Roddenberry, will lecture in the O'Connell Center at 8 p.m. Theatre For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow is Enuf is being presented by the Hippodrome through April 18. Ntozake Shange's dramatization of the black woman's experience begins at 8:15 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday. The Hippodrome is located at 25 SE Second Place. Fallen Angels -The Gainesville Little Theatre is presenting this Noel Coward comedy Wednesday through Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets are $3.50 and are available at Waldenbooks. The Theatre is located at 4039 NW 16th Blvd. Santa Fe Spring Arts Festival featuring works of more than 200 local artists, takes place Saturday, 9 a.m, to 6 p.m., and Sunday, I p.m. to 6 p.m. on NE First Street from Second to Eighth Avenues. The Royal Lipizzan Stallions will be appearing at the O'Connell Center Saturday at 8 p.m. and Sunday at 2:30 p.m. Tickets are $5.50 and $4.50 for UF students and are available at the UF Box Office. Susan Klein (.*.-1-., --,*.1,2 1001 Is 

PAGE 12

12,.oalIigator, f riday, april13, 1981 Which beer tasted better? An .possible question? No. The answer is, the beer on the right tasted better. The suds are the tipoff. The head lacing the glass on the right has what brewers call "cling' Its tendency to cling to the glass tells you that the brewer didn't skimp on the hops. And that it tasted better. Ever taste a beer with no "hop"to it? Hops give a beer its zing. Too little hops leaves a beer lifeless. Too much hops makes a beer bite. But choose a beer with the right proportion of hops to barley malt, and your beer will be lively and refreshing. Yet, still go down nice and smooth. Does your beer have "cling?" To check for "cling'' you need a glass that's "beer clean' (Never used for milk or soft drinks, never washed in soap*) Pour your beer down the center of the glass to form a 3/4 inch head. See if it leaves rings of foam as you drink. But don't stop at the "cling" test. Make this a full-fledged taste test. -Note: "Beer-clIan" glasses should be washed with detergent. Rinse several times in very hot water. Air dry only --never use a towel. Can yu recognize your beer by the taste? Probably just 1 beer drinker in 3 can pick his beer out of a group of three. You try. Pour your brand and two other leading beers -a Schlitz, Bud or a Miller into identical glasses. Have a friend switch them around. As you drink each beer, not only check it for its "cling'' but rate its taste characteristics from 1 to 10 on the flavor scale. Now comes the real test. Tell your friend which beer is yours. Did yar choice surprise you? Something like 2 out of 3 beer drinkers don't pick their brand. And that surprises them.A lot of them pick Schlitz instead. That doesn't surprise us. Two years ago a master brewer, Frank Sellinger, came to Schlitz. Today he is the Chief Executive Officer and today's Schlitz is the smoothest beer he's ever brewed.Taste it against yours.The results may surprise you. The best beer is # dA I MOO Me 6 5 3 -2. meNk dat rIN" o I -o Place beers' numbers on each scale from 1 to 10. Swe #1 is Beer #?lis Beer #3is 1bdy'i~hlt. Gojb1r it! Mild I I 

PAGE 13

U222J2U,TriUy,opmi2, ivai, ia ,FOR E T 2Ilos ora a enWthn 6 blcs New 2 br qud Sugarof "oss .crapitd, Easygoing roommate wanted far hars bdll. Roommance wanted far 2 br. I bh. Vill. pAk Female roommate far townhouse in quie ofEN 24 F .irs1 and lst required. Call drp, fully equipped. waer/drye 9.opt. Completely f-Wh. Close to c9mpuso p. Good location and great neighbors .-22own2oo.furnished pct,21tnnsic 37-31426tr5. 4-8-51 hook-up $265. 377-3022 375-31" .47-5-1 in SW one $14/month, 1/2 il. 372-7968 Call Judy 374-8204. Keep ring. 42-2-2 .ont $125 + 1/3 utilities call 376-420 A Great D.95 .6. 2 for 6 .2 Vilageoter2S.6 4-7-5-2 _n_ 2i7 .4-6-3-2 Park 28R,F furnished, wa$t2-W22 6 A/C -A9242b1* 229. 122961 66 2p1 New 2 i 62 b quad 62 n1.r 6h40d HARD working ing. .fid. n.&drm. m2 $25/1-; fall rnwal option12/ms. no .7tnnsbigcoes ak asM, vilble Apr I quiet wodedornsi$290M/F roommate needed for I Whuebrm dpl 3 min to cmpus $C0/mth -Own room, 110 + 1/2 ui, som free bike Cl 377-M9. 47-5-1 2. 9 n2 o S M1 $ 23 Cal374-4111. 4--5-1 2MR +2 w $125 noFre V376-= 372-6422. Must be liberal and 2tc9ho-22s. P i k, c nfr1. l between 6-7 377-3291 599noy1 to UF. pool, close to B2er Pa, cl 6D. MUi7-ST 4--SU-SUBLET5-i kn W 629125 A 372-79562r374-433. 4-7-5-2 226k66d4. 4--5-2 371-2719 nonsmoker. 4-8-5-2 brand n apatrintid, ck-to -mpu, MUST SUT -2 bd/2 bo, unf apt .bronAp.385.0 NW2AWAIIAN VILLAGE 2721a.22 266. h2s + Nationwide. quality features .ywne. Pol, DW, 92cony, Laundry. .Rnpt.315.00.month9 2242n226272-1191. Need roommate immediately male o' ROOMMATE wOnted2to2 66216 2 2 Fma roommne wnd for 4 bd m $295/m. Cll 378-8496 or 375-0016. .2andS92 $30. Cil 375-1111 2. HOUSING PROBLEMS? 16bl2ck from cmp.22 fm Wind_ _dowi 9ps.S 140/_ n ib4d/ombh u2s61 2raI-. $100 hose. 2own2m + o2 2of$ xt2 92c Efficiency in r6r of home. furn 2 mi from 37721632AP2.2L102. 445-1 Only 350/922quar2r f$r ro2 3 m2i2/doy, Ba0 $ 2iful facilities nice r2ma2es 34hmonth + 1/2 u .1 ,,1 046.k 373-0239 6n1 6s $125 + 1/4 utht. Call 376-997 & 162262112222roo .C.-.4. -p 121b.ring .F 433296 2 222164.-0222 .222n2 d prefr male grd student BEAUTIFUL SPACIOUS quiet. BEAUTIFUL22SPACIOUSApart tcloseto more inf ,c Ci929 2 a 39-7517 Ac.371-141.4-3-2-1. 9roomm. -l 9 2ned. Ownr m ins 2 62n2d2 bbr 22142 1. -o627 hr 2 Pts $175 P"6 o. .with tae d2p6s cmpus Ifr rent exclusively f 2r the 2anytime. 4-7-5-1 -BSEST DEAL R oomae needed for Spring r. apt. Fr Spring and S er. Th br. is bedroom NW -do furnished .cp2 fo 3781-2026. 4-3-&]22m2r. In2ersed 2-11 PATTI or SherylW. sharenow3 /2lothom / 6 1Wfun. 132.5 + 1/2 ly. call 373-7626 your bedroom $16 0 mon plus 1/2 utitie 376-1364. 4-&3-1 2 br -2 both brand nw luxury conotall op. 9 12bafter I pm iMarch-rnngaioiC 2.2229s6.to4c4-2cy3735402 49-52 Great opportunity far students I bedroom I pliancs waser drywr hookup 350 pr m rq $135 mt; will iak loss) + "/3 uil. Call wmpu. 41-852 both util nta indctu. $179rnt 200 S.D. cil Two bedroom apt for rnt Iith.mie from dePoit 375-290373-0451. 4-6-_-) 3712370. 47-52 Student to occupy prae room in I yr old 372-3826. 4-3-5-1 campus. Brand nw ar9. R-61 310. Call Ior2femalesf bedroom&bothin Fmle to share nc3r 2 both NE house frnhe d apt n ho n .2 m 2 from c. 378-4206. 46-3-1 New 2 B 1 1/2 both f house, nicenroP 1 22$622fo.$22 rberom26642i2 wnrom -hone135 mo & 1/3 uilitis pus 137.50 mo PH 371-28602or 371-121 immediate occupancy 4 bedroom split [-Ie -neighbors & kindlod $OW an s ls furnished Glorood opt. Swimming pool, Fmed yard cil Jamie after 5 pm 378-7521. JOE. -9-5-2 69112 2261 ______________________ 221966266 124 n,14100 k 022&22222nis 11court, cafi .43Sue2at____________4_3__3_2 2pt 2a26 tre26 2r carpus $135 + 1/4 Phoenix Apt, 2 bedroom, 1 1/2 bth, deposit, 6 or 12 mn lease. No kids or dogs. 6 N NOW -f e 5le own room in 3 utilities.fully furns4 ed4264co $371-466 1Furnished, backyard, cl2 2 69s to c6mpu46m. 378-1390. 4-21R m e dts e 9 2 2 bdr2/2 both Vizcay apt $115mth 1/3 mmda Occupancy Tidy 1r6o ble Haf Building & Real F lE md4.0e occupancy. $29. 379-3424 (after 6.26 2W2d2 p2 2.2t2il.3 -sec. dep .Cll 371-0349, if no an 66nsking -1 to share 1 bdrm apt a bRkal o c.mp220 373-6424 2). 4-&3-1 R PMIYATEL "A2" 2 1261 378-2668. 9-5-2 Bill2 bk tocomus $10 OOM ATE9WS p2642912. 157.50/o + 1/2 u2ilities. Coll11 ___PD._Sblet__378_688._____ R1S.E.S + 2le. $190 Live in pacios NW house. Own rm, bth 375-60 Available Immediatelymf 269990. bLe in 3 br Gato9wn apt 10 2 BRN-rG'vieM0I225. 4-1-1wa62her & 4yr. 1402r mo + 1/3 2 26ili6ies .26in from 9Fon b0ou2. N2nsok"/m1p M o 2r F who studies & parties. Own r i No pts & no mskers36-482. 47--lnedm-1. rommae far 2 bdrm, 2 bth, fimlanmroe sh br in 2 br frishd 75 +-3 t.Tm37-41ke tyn. nc, qui.t E -e house; AC, hb, Av2Ilble immediately. 4-bNro6om -pA6.-2-7-4-1 242wing 9-62e2nwn pol,0,.apt7270/2 9 or own room 120/mo9222220/. (+ ut) re2torg. 922/M + 1/3 u2'. 371-2620 after 6 262222=j6t + s m. laundry. o2922 64222 of2March6,66 166293black.2o0. 37-77, 9.191p62916 29222 22464 5229 9242222.96.p-8-n2222. 22/26 ,central hearing and ar. Into STUDYING? The sublet 22 at 2r rkr rntI Ap .922 26r2 1f ree -6reduc e3-62 9752 1/2n, n .p 0n2. C20 fo 22r2 information 378-9135. Villa" 2 Park from now t1l2the9 2 nd62 o-_ -2_Ownr in dlihtful 3 OR22 $97.52mo2 + 14/2.262 i2Nt. French Quarer Subase -bdtrn unfurnished Gtormr. One bdr in two bdr apt $IX a month fm omaewne osae2b/unSpcious, big dek, own tan -Apft. Plose -11l373-9915. 43-2 a* Roomas * modern house n NE wfedm.p.s5960222.6662292622229 6926d/24-6-3-2 AC6$1/month + 1/3 utilities.6Move4I2 now. AC, own bedroom, color TV, corpo, bg $240monhrenwalipss375-1701. 4-45-1 Cll Barry .1392-7560. 4-10-7-1 2r62 $2691 al47.50/ mnth.,+/2 22" C111 7 -222Roommate2a3ed: To .2e 3 b 2droom S2 br37d-6.45. 4--C2 1 bdrI 162th9 2,2lk$s to U of t., fully f284m, 1 1/2 both, NW, 2 2320a w/2 pc276-67642A.S.A.P 4-29-29-2 9.2949292222292629222640M6429.22966 62222 2 thSt.2 222 62.$ nished, beautiful lrge roms, cable TV, crpt, cntrl heaair, fenced yard, pet pows bedroom A both -8.00+ 1/3 util. Own 7-19.4--2wanted R omt Grand Aps -w pe2 ok, ext. 2ean, sub et no 9 w/opin2 bl2,Patio, a l. 4/15225/22. 1/2 A69I2 F9m2le to are l9rge house r 9UF94 room available NayI-3.00 -p olsd9, 3797.2 9.41 92 8. r. m pooid 109 month plus .0, $195/mnS2 375-9574. 4-5-1 Free. 378-593 leave message. 4-2-4379-9no66nger4312-. includes air-cond. 378-7729. 4-7-5-2 Woodgw Manor -Roommai needed far 37-9864. 4-7-3-2 rpring sers.r Studentacq-1ba49,ba"k-2 Availabk: garage opt. Coplte kitchen your own furnished apartment 125 per Roommate wanted, own room in 3 bdr sprgquare oi.cquiedo, baet. o Roommse waned for brand nnw house i sep reutil.L 2 2catedI blk from t.ck on month near cmp, c11 anytime c_1 AEr d share nan" r Morealbo ap, 117/mo. + 1/3 util, call ma 2, own room. Bargain 22 $85/22 N.' Wtn 125 p rm -th + 1/3 utilities 23rd S. $130/m + uil. Call Ed 373-4044 Richad3734015 442-1 bedroom at 6 i62 d29dows furnished P -3762$ .42-2-2 376-4M. 4-7-42 No leaended Cal 377-M6. 4-2 day-iht. 43-4Aeed own bd. 125mon. plus 1/3 .10. d9y6-n19h2. 4-3-4-2 4224Need an apt. for 0. .-,r 3-6bdr.r4n phone371-2655. 4-3-5-2 48 2 2.d WALK UF furnished in Oak Forest is available. Call wne Roommate wanted: To shrre 3 bedroWAmK o U Subt 6I bedroom apt. 2 block 2f comnow t0blt. 377-0577. 444-1 22922292622n22d 29n6b4dr92 621 f9mal.e 2 Roommate share p1Furnished house 2 blacks from lw school. Summer 1 formal, own r-9 in 3 bedr-.house pus. $10/mon.plus uilities CaH 33-6219-td o .hWes-.20had-v in nour" t bdA living r-o. Sta April $92.50/m. quarter SM5. 310 N. W. 2"t St. Call spring + .mar option. $100 mo. Cll Lin 926,0190/2262. plus2u82429610Call3.36219. 9a291.t. u26r,2D2 2026e9622 --2r2n29+61+/22utilities++22 pone + W850469i. 1375-1094452d4377-2436. 442-2 Clim to cmpus 2 shopping. On bus roue -L. 1 29R apt. furn. w rfront/diswasher/ price egi6 222 k 375-2009.wmi-e9.103 'h: 4N_/ 4--2dp _7_-_._._-_2_ d 377-2.4--2-2 Unfrn. apt. Larg b2d2m. 2Imed. Occpcy gar62ge sp/woi/2 r./ 2/ Stoniveridg:L-xnri.2olvea.su9,2pool,92-d F N 2 rm 4 6.4 Mary 392-46 days r37696303771678. 4-9-4-2 6.26s22ro6m:4222 2r b6m for r1n 6w26-w SM.m237.50w+ 6p6r611 NWc 3426 52 2si, qar2. -n r0 l.,ebd2akt9oe 12 4296 1/4in. 222292n7r I4yrd Ow room W.t pocious 3 bedroom house.betofrfe 63371784AII both in threat bdrn ownhouse fuly furnahIo tar 13.50 + utilities 611 NW 34th St. ba, mum, krgs pol. Quiet, bbraml roomgaden, no dogs immed. occupncy .o Biking distance to mpus. 9200/month + 622 spaciousnfur 2 bdr Iboth ptking siz bed, fm$l preferable. Call 372M5. 4-7-5-2 mas, -oo2. Bargain at 1185/mo. 372-0340. 4-9-5-2 1/3 ilithes. Cal 3736219. 4-6-4211'6 -$25-2 ___-_ity-_iholl 376-,5551 435-2 376-4663. 4-7-4-2 1 Bd,-Istmisad ~ 15 pr ion or clse o cmpu ap toromw, ecaerOwn furn room in 3 bdrm hous, 4 rm from N-cnsoing Female wanted Now Ow 1 BdromFunisedcotae 15 ermoth nw t apsott ee es FEMALE (no-soking) wanted to ;h; r fulc-mPus. 00 + 1/2 sit. Call Gary at Own room in 3 B, 2 1/2 both town hous. rom in urn. apt. at the Village 123.34/m 36202SWAr Rd.4-7-1 35-630.4-9-5-1Ily furnished apt $100 + 1/2 2il pr month. 376-9941. 4-6-4-2 Furnished or unfurnished. $110/onth + + i/3ltufflirs call 373-9439. 4-9-5-2 3 blacks from UF c2p22 1 1J ci .2anet 1/3utilities. 376.995after6 :30. 4-7-4-2 MAE -69m152226 in house.75mo. + 1/4 Br.nd22.I, 6.26.thpr vatco d 373-3869. 4-3-5-2 Female,om2king, own roo in furnish02 22 n 3 br 2 1/2 66 2 .01N2496669$104A2t 27168NW2ndAve n 26o.p 61, 06664. 262119i f ad o pt. For spring q. 1/3 utilities move in GRAD student n22 eds room* now, owns 3 0r Oak Forest Apt. Wsher/dry r tow26/ h27 ou2s9 377-5227. (ff 2thSt.) 4-3-3-2 1c2np2r2ry m9ng622t 370-6643 1 Fi6ale 6 to share furn. 2 bdrm 42 6262pt. im ed6iI. Hawaiian Villpgc c Sll after 5 house in NE, pc y.r 2 4 99$125/mO, half with HBO 9i after six 377-6771 135/mo I bedroom furnished luxury apt brand n1w6 WoI I eating, laundry-txpi, p2s ok. 378-90 .4-7-5-2 Iliti, 29 2ok, -11 after 6, 377-2411. 1/346ep2s2i. 4-7-3-2 1 bd opt fu.4n29 s-yd vryclos4 cnpus has two hin bed V373$134.50/. CalL. 374-586 or 373-9389. 100 ft f.-mcompur NICK or 373-047 Ed20/o. 4.9-5-1 New luxury houst, N.Wits. p2r mae st -9Need one29roo22266 2in bautil 9. 2929291922-l6/4 292 2062dorm3 1236SW2462hAv 15 dn/Vprf, no igsprf6; to share / st'c6426.price2and6a-2 98629 + U4uiiieswi2 $Pintr f Apr. $22 69) 2.2 2o.+1/ Call 377-1012. 4-3-1-1 Phoenix apaciu 2 br, "I 2to" 229carpe, dent; w/d, fireplace, bbq, e2. $165 + 1/3 9= 6=9 b6 .gn. Ca 4371-00. 375-33347-422.li.e 1622.a ) 130.00 ..+ /2 bike toShards,_VA,_only_$270_m2utilities100.00 4eposit. 021t 37-2797 or b___k_______6no.dC--,VA, 222772. Co6"2 ph. 373.2968. 4-3-5-2 4&11M formal 22 rm2222.1-o922bedraptWanted2Roomma 2 share 2 bdro6. 373-6338 k Jfor.Jon. 4-73-2 SUMMIT HOUSE AptI BR furn. ne 2Md poay mange9t379-663or372-1551. $125.00 a month + 1/2 6ii9ties. Call M Hwi Village Apt. 157/2. 011 C. Quiet, new c2rp22t, laundry rm, Sublet nice 2 bdrm 2 0 in Marac6ibo Manor Great location f0r26p2ing22662 1 + option 374-9734 after 5 p.m. King' Cr6k Ap. 373-427. 4-3-2-2 6Need64 omm9 r nice house close t pool, 24 floor. 376-96 day,. 375-4214 (B9tlwr Plazm Arm ) Rnt 215/mo w/ u1f 1r fall. 2 Isr furn. $135 + 1/2 utilities, 39h A" .4-3-3-2 -c2mp 9us $130 a month plus utities 11 n166 4-7-5-1 ty deposit fr 2 6 Occupy immediately Fr6d924 rick2G47 d1 371-153232v6. 4-3-5-2 N2-9 42ing, 26udious 12considerat fm. 375-4944. 4-7-3-2 392-6261. 4-7.5-1 Neat nonsmokng or f ro9942669d4d 2m2a2e2sh2r.42BRpt. 41lks fro Tig2rt. Sublet own bedroom in 2w house 2 block Share md. home wt2 mature quiet nonf. 92I22-229 66bdrmI22 2blk from Norman Own r9$104/m2. or hare $78 mo. + 1/3 Mature, upp1rcl9ss roommate 9 6 6 sht*r 36b to UF. SW 2nd Aven. A 9ilable April at11 4UNRELATEDPERSONSOKI4d2bh22ous2 smoking m .Furnished 2i6u. Laundry. Ha2112.50/m2 2/2 22 4A6epo ts Call I phone.call3374-4245. 4-7-4. apartment. 117/ .+ 1/3 utilities cit $100/29n + 1/5 utility CALL 371-2295. e2 2air/hat $460 819 nw 18 a Dri9 by $145 mo. 1/2 util. L6st, surityV 372-1125 373-003 4-7-5-2 376-4652 two miles from campus mricai Regency Oaks 2 br pt $325/m. Lease thru thn2 wi2375-6173. 4-7-5-1 1""2m29age.9410-10-2 1 or 2 f2male24non-6m26kinr9omma22 92a6. 4-9-5-2 Aug. privls erbth. Pool tennis weighs lu, One blck from lw hOol. Mae RM furn spciu 2 bd apt 95.50 mnth + 14 dry r30h adAchr Seb 3711441, Sublet 2 br for apt --os from O'Connll own beroon in nw .wma os. washer, wn"ed $131 pr am. + 1/3 util. Plese u occup -ASAP close to cmpus cil non-oking female -on bIs in 3 b. un S22r2 1226129 2 .52b92 dr 6422. 22 29. 629. 9275/22. c1 379-3642 22 6dry2r h 29 42. $150 -2 + 1/3 -1 37-762 at 373-530. Aill. now. 375-3169. 4-.45-2 house 22 millmpper shop cr .in 9t .-iths-apt. 12.SW r2 2fo2 Summ. 376-4458 (wrk) fer S. Ask f$r Rb 2tiltie .7-373-4465, 375-391, 2i FMME OOMA2644226167.12TENdImmediately12.29. 2. 377-2963. 4-2-5-2 Furnished close1c 2296pollau 2 4.-1061373542. 4-3-5-2 Country Manor Aps. Own room -walk in Fmle to share brmIn BrandywineApts. buorcs&pqsI p_& 64 und.6y3.1 losixt -1/3 .111110"6Funied. 373.729. 992.50/2 + 1/4 111 + dp. pool kind1ry2 is 6*2F6le Roomm *s* b redroomCW.I377-6c4. 4-6.3-1 1 -6dr5om 292. 129 cst, quiet, carpeted, LAKEHOMEImale only own bed and both issilebdro I F 29 ps wt 376-6781 k. trying. 0 a 2dr2m of furnished Gtroo Sublet124RUNF2Apt. pool, cls 3o cmpu, on bu2620 1 callc.u. h is1Gill daily $50/mnh 1'617 re.2OM 'T' p./91 + dep./o2blck from cmps ThVilg132-10 .between9-6, Mon.-St. 375-3077. 4-7-5-1 c6uda -utlities H6a6rn2 401-366.C $5l + /3 2617 379-4627 22464 22 86ATES Cl0378-3387. 4-9-5-2 373-0399. 4-64-1 1 or 2 makes to share r n 2 bdr, 1 1/2 02226999 66.2/ry6r22992. 4-3-3-2 Need 2 females to W-ow n3w 3 d 2 b2 S.blmse 3 bed-2 both house 4 blocks 2 I Sublet I rIb Cdr 8146Ridg9 Apt. 1 1m. bothLnd2rkapt.$.0$129.502n2g46. LOOK A0 22 FALL 81 NEED 2 FEM. home125 mo /1/3ui.washer dryer, on 2 24 parent or mature female -. UF $400 mo. Cme s at 1914 NW 4th Ave. ent FREE 220 m. 9 negotiable -nr2aps. 24ll 377-49M or 373-315. 100"A1E3ByAPIT 15f2r Sept 19, 19611 y n377-73Sndy445-21 s.w. home 10 min from U.F.Quie or 303NW171St.Allomaeml. 4-7.4-1 372-5287. 4-7-5-I Roommatem9le94 fm 26own6bo 4n9. 3.2 2mRmt2needed for nice qu2d96l2x in SWlob.y8.50410 $15 + 1/2162 + -1/3 oul 26eal 115 n 222 4 9(30 2 8222944ces19 2292912SW 49l2237-5OM'2-bus rou e pool tennis 5 min. 6 an.6 2 373-910Jn.9 4-7-5-2 -wodd4ar69 ow-2r,2cpatwt ok $125 $195 .n furnished pt. 372-9798. + 1/2 util. 372-9632 may move in Ise, Studious and Friendly90.s9 Feasols1s6 wanted own rost in 4 N kpy29. 4-3-2 I ap2. sharing Junr 12. Th. Village rn for a cozy furishd apt f"e min to campuo .$102.0 plus 14 witils hb tennis swimming om tnddfr3br OkFrs p, .1 SRT 962 p916W22=1.9622 -99750 + 1/1 377-47624dry. g y/ .e-2 2-3295. 4-3-3-2 washer, dryr, furnished, s60rm 2ay thu 246122OU229 220669426: E Mile9eW.50 + I/4Witi. 377474. 4.52 -Aug. CallRoss377-090. 445-2 Ul -bral tosOwn rom in furn 2br opt on 9 2224622 62r94.ng 22.p0r66n2969 4S IN2 16h 95/22 + 1/3 2t2 -1V 377--4703 Male (nomoking) to sublet4 bdm Village 69o6n2house In N.W. 15mi 4 bus ridto 964:3 .4-3-3 6926 6212,664 662416 im.42dIy OF. 6Dish&pclothes6w626 6r., pet373-3 7-W. 9.50m. 1/421tilit2es. 373-1002. 44-5-2 roo2 4ate needed to sve3-bd9 apt wsh ACT NW Ap 22ca2ions 62 -2 now being -Fa 222222226r4oe needed .share 44 2949 A f.mle 22 fcry mto 127/mocpd6 6. male U2s26d2nts at Georgi bedroom townhouse located close to com A l nE pool, tennis, racquloeal, tric cIll372-431S.ag .omprali6. .3room0and 2mo4ods per pus. Own room $92.50/2m + 1/4 util S99eridge-2roo9n dfor1a6f44 is4 vin", 2266 o6ly8 4190peart2er CalI 376-9179. 374-237 Dnris. 443-2 edstro bedroo p4. CKin t371-123$ ACTPNOW. 4-3-2 _ _ 299 2 718W .U 214e2mre2Information. 465-2 2292522 Gay or liberal minded romme wand $4462 u64296s6292 Own bdrand bth in 62 c 2 4 ,p Master drm -on bothin oxmriou blocks off cmpus $10 pr mo. Law utility cls ocpu.$ M+ / tis: 19662b6222926626122 .both 22WIS.2ll9Jeff 49090.2 292422227ora21 0622926 12 + 1/3 U24112192 S55.idg 0.onhouse/fullyfrn2shd Ki6g6 1222. C22J.9376-314. 47-5-2 37-06. 445-2 fisnedpo.1 -r sedratso -enns roomnote wn own mrm pool tennis SUBLET OWN ROOM In quie NW 3 drom ..took 42221926 92225. p292 -96 -1924916 / cour6s976a2. Ph 375-2337. 4-7-5-2 house 10 .12 to arpus12 Dr-0w/F a pMichll376-551. 4-6-5-2 9t2onoil 375-4423. 44-5-2 d Call for OWN ROOM in SW f2 3 bedroom 6d r 2 61414 + security responsible -Irs2roommt-s64 2 d TImeS Prices onsmaer 11&66 + t/3 utiities69c + 64.646. 95r22229222 22,96222,62915 + 1/2. 9 .g V65W 4 sishd. pool, rb A fornis, gym mov in nw nd/ summ $SO + 1/2 Wil, HBO, cbl 376-6996. 4-3-4-2 M.pay Am aAndy 373-646. -4-3-3-2 0Dv.373-4947. 4-5-2 Winner y words Winner 3 Academy Awards SPARROW CO0NOIIINIUM:$1110/222n p Nlus4-ont 22mar 92 E u nkit r2iIncluding Best Actorl Rom2n Pol n6ki's mi ~ra2es f 9r 22. Foc26pli.t include po.,n3 er no Illogon 626Oaks 92 26b. 22vail .373-343r6. RobsDeNro .6 1irl ol .0Cl5of.22bdrapt125/mo/2util.373-243 after bull Tine (P0) V914316before910. 445-2 5 -The pric02 is righ22Me"79/Se. + 1/3 elm37 81 Hld OVEMlSallyAie dsin thrre Itdrh w/swelec sng Frederick Gwdms Joni(G) Back Rood. () -ksmallCCaaWe-373M it. r -.----" so s"horts are WE SOw $3.00 ADULT ADWN8N 222466o19.2646246. 26+1 Midnight connecten Fri. & Set. ug-w a4 ;3 + Wtms. 40&s2sa a .os.s nvenamkr w-ntIdf.,rang aMU I = 0nen~seamua Alcity. Own room at Hw. VN. Come at 8:00andsee Nighthawks Best 3d-0) .4-7-52 2nd Stay to See nal Conflict Ac 3rd 1WVia mpofo2I. Vr m4e"6 N.W. hoe** "01y K A *Aidal Owns'. e*sied "-'c."Flly-% k. & ast a 9eige.irg1strgin a T mo. + 1/4 ulf. Cq TME FINAL CONFLIC Jack Lemmon -(J$4.2 ts se ".7" "am*ee) 9$U Lofbby le s sehw IN 0mov rae. ~ e to iNice htesNo A1rppwlastelisi2.5 + 49 + 1/3W il, 6e9 62 Jlw84 hey'ye go ibis re".47s2 14I b m 2 3 In E. n ,n or to )o od S. n 2t ;r;A^ ~%ril 'I 10RI 11-1 

PAGE 14

14, alligator, friday, april 3, 1981 ROOMMATE Female roommate own room in great 3 bdrm. house close to shopping 2 mi. from campus a deal at $108 + 1/3 utility 371-2390 Sue. 4-7-3-2 Need roommate from April till June, own room 12. a month only three months col9 Vicki 375-2982 available anytime in April. share room in great complex spg. qtr. Only $95.00 plus 1/3 util. Groot pool, large living room, kitchen. Coll'375-8420 keep trying Roommate wanted 3 bedroom quodruplex 2 bathrooms nice yard AC gas heat quiet place $110 per month 371-2053. 4-9-5-2 FOR SALE VIDEO CLUB FORMING all tapes exchange BETA L500 1199 VHA T120 1499 professional type VTR cameras reasonable, 372-7468. Get rid of the sounds of silence of irritating AM radio with a visit to Car Stereo Specialists at 2201 N W. 13th St. Open 10-7 M-F, 10-5 Sat. 372-2070 6-5-49-4 Raleigh girls 3 speed $70; 2 ten speeds $80, $90. All just tuned, now parts. Need tuition. 1024 NE 3rd ave after 6 or weekend. Portable drafting table with parallel bar. Carrying case included. $40 372-0633. CHEAP and in GREAT condition: twin bed and desk. price negotiable. Coll 375-1462. King size woterbed $140, full size bed w/ headboard $70, twin sizecostro convertible $70, dresser $45, call 378-0190 anytime, 10 spped for sole, Good condition. Call 375-6423. Ask for J.P. $40 firm. 4-3-3-4 SANSUI QRX-7001 am/fm 4 channel tuneramp. 27 watts per channel. $290. Call 378-8199 evenings. 4-7-5-4 Mattress & Box Spring $40, Two huge dresser drawers $60. 378-4617 MUST SELL BICYCLE small frome ideal women bike. Excellent point job and components. Price is right must sell. CALL 378-1886, PM. 4-6-3-4 COMPUTER PRINTERS, TRSR0, Desks, Selectric, Microwave, Electronics, 10 Speed, Sat. 9-5, 911 SW 1 Ave. See Gville Sun Ad this saturday. 4-3-2-4 MUST SELL bed bike desk stereo dresser couch choir and more 314 NW 36 Terr Fr, Sot Sun call 375-6423. 4-3-2-4 10 Speed Allegro 22 1/2 in. with campi and sew-ups360 Son 371-0816. 4-6-3-4 Water Bed w/hooter, pedestal, liner, guaranteed rioattres/bike-t.n speed, good condition -call Ross of 377-8090. 4-8-5-4 Motorcycle 1980 Honda twinstor 200 cc Excellent local transportation 65-70 mpg $1400 call Pete 466-3333. 4-8-5-4 GOLF CLUBS spolding irons Confidence woods w/bog $125 Yamaho CR620 w/JVC semi-auto table $400 call Steve 377-7288. Surfboards -6'4' Lightning bolt $150; 6'9' ALOHA $50. Also, aloho surfboard rocks with locks $30. call CRAIG at 373-5451. Puch Maxi Moped Factory cover 3 baskets factory manual $325.00 392-0797 378-0062. Wetsuit, women's small -$75. Garrard turntable, Lafayette tuner & receiver. Older models, work fine. Moke offer. B/W TV $33. LorgoColonosooo. -$20. Coll Morcio at 373-9302. 4-3-1-4 Fender LEAD 1; new model electric guir, black with maple neck, split coil humbucking pickup, excellent cond. 290$ 375-8301. Schwinn Vorsity 10 speed bike good condition new fires $90 or best offer call Bill Sting.9. slom ski xc. condo. w/cose $125.003712724. 4-9-5-4 ADVENT/1 Speakers excellent condition, retail o0$295, sell for 150 for the pair. Buo, oomdvider screen -$50. Bombooend ,able -$20. 378-5893 loo I--ne-ge. Long de.r w/mror 2 45.08 bed 25.00 2 lamps 30.00 Ptr.9 dobl. 15.00 378-02 32-0797.4-8-4l AUTOS 6omtang 3-SP. 6 Cly okond. $950 475-2299. 4-3-55 77 Mercury Cap Ghio V6 4spd. AM/FM tape tinted windows good goa oc ps pbt gr9-1o-$3500371-0719. 4-7-5-5 72 Dodge Charge perfect body and gine-. low mils nowpoint a/C and radials asking $1110 or best offer 377-7141 cif, 5 p.m-. '75 Pontioc Lon o6Cyl P.S. P.B. radio high mpg excellent cond. $1800 373-3659. 1970 Ford Torno 0nw inspection $60 Coll afterfi o392-846 Ken. 4-3-2-5 75 FIAT X1/9, 'red, brown int. Michhns, udiooxo AMoFM stereo, 36,000 miles, not many on this ondlon. 392-9315. 4-9-5-5 00ToyotCorollo AM-FM Co"s, ,so, 0CruiseC control, o0 autom tic transmission, any is ti rs $6000. 472-3042. 410-6-5 SERVICES TYPING IBMHMogCrd 1 Spiral binding Xro Cops-Ediing 1219 W.UniorisyAo.37-9353 (On Blok from Compus) CUONG NHU KARATE n0 oClass enrollnow leonosl.f dflen.-on owning m-. land physical discipline and more call 378-4172 o: it our facliies of0809 W. University .vn. 4-21-17-6 ProflssoanolTYPNG recorded on mog Cards or updating ohoullltyping. Grad School oppoood. KElhrin376-3768. 6-5-49-6. KARATE EQUIP. uniforms and sporiog equipment stock. Any type equip can be ordered with cm-Ini del. time Cl 37M-I44 or -iit 308 W. Uni. Av. Wodo-Kol Kor1. Closss o adults and children. Special beginners program. Self dfens,.coondiioig, ,l-oooidooo. Cal 375810 oi th. ma schol01308 W. U-nirsy Aoo. Visito Welcome. HORSES Come ride of Sleepy Hollow Horse Farm lns0rocion (ln s-o1 + dressogo) b.;iful rolls, inist boarding fooilits, L-oing + rinlsl375-B080. 6-5-49-6 CUONG NHU soft sylotiolrl o, oogg.,sivo ,.lf-defnso inner strength body+ mndcondiioningoughtby Motor NgoDong. 378-4172oroiril909W. Unio. or more information. 4-21-17-6 SREOS FIXED CHEAP lie wihotltonesooo hoadog Cl is rf3 1 ltechicin9 Bryce Welch 373-GOLD. 4-3-5-6 KARATE EQUIPMENT fort ol. g weapons sparring EipIn kick bog, books call 378-4172 orisil CongNhu K-r1. center 909W W.Un-v. 422-1"-6 CHILDREN'S KARATE 0g.s 7-12 oealhos disciplin cocironoo oonpor "io fdefense nollowCuong NhuoKooao. 809 99. Unio. orcll 378-4172. 4-22-18-6 SCUBA CLASSES BEGIN April 14, or April 27 o May 13 or May 26. 5 wk ourst. Inter. Nt. Cool. CERT. DIVERS register r Etr Keys lip on Salodlor Summer trip t ALLEN'S AUTIC & TAL CENT. Uni. & 34h. 373-9233. 4-28-21-6 STUDENT MOVERS. Light moing in Ford VrAn .WV.oE13735389. 41-06 CUSTOM DRESSMAKING Pof sion1 & fast. Expert lloorl oon NINA', ps0;l s at the renooissce fi,375-6462. 4-7-"56 si * TYPING* * All Sbects -RsumosTooll fredp-o& dlioon UFcoopusol IBM ONLY -PERFECTION GUARANTEED 392-049(ifnooonsw., 375-7137) HAVING A LUAU? Experienced Polynesiano dncsoatlwo rates. Mks fr 0 perfectFai pry. 373-8510 N. 4-&3-6 PARKING SPACE in 2-Hr grogo Close o cmpus 30/mo. Call 377-8616 for your own r srved space CALL NOWI 4-1-4-6 KAPPA ALPHA resnts,-. .a 00 K APRe l l9I. TyOpMAv T THE KRMANAJV. HELP K(A AAO 8uScH Ffi&iT A D 50 K96s ACNo NOA-ALCogOOLA OUIS num", Cowin LsTTms, comopo8rid typesetting A typing. Books Newst.eHrs, papers, layou & editing. Several typists give n-x1 day se tr nall ems376-4330 days 373-9950sE .6-5-45-6 WANTED McDONALDS GAME: don't trash what might be cohlill. trade pieces, gioos way .x ro, shore winings.373-3943, 8 to IlIam. CASH For gold, sterng, diamond jewey,. class rings, coins, dentol gold. Will sitl your home. 376-5235Mo. RiTmon. 8-5-49-7 Wanted: Quaity Men .o join in building Delta Sigmo Phi Fatrnity Tue. -Fi Nitl. 12 Fraternity Row More ino Jeff 375-2935 Steve375-1089. 4-3-4-7 377-2344 for TOP Mark CASH on Sil oandd Gold em of oIl king. Y 00l We buy c lo, rings of oil types + izes. 377-2344. Employment Wooled/lml with good clorol, skills & art skills would like position Iimp ops or full pmiant with good depth .1 University registered with U offemploymen/good ref. Fron. 377-1194. 4-95-7 HELP WANTED Tbd bool he samoe old wold? Do something bou I Co l Poooo Corps 3921725. 4-35-8 HoosingCooodiorlPoll lim.tepooory position (10-12 mo.) to help develop loc0l0on-profit housing organizations. Some travel. Required 00p0ience / knowledge of community, orgonzing banksg, r0l estate, local government or sil service. Good organizer, self-storter. Solory $14,000. Mail Osumo to NRC 2435 &.W. 21s1 St. MI-m 33W,4.43-5-8 EARN EXTRA MONEY 2-3 hour, .weekin your SPARE TIME. Eorn $10 twice 9 week. Donooe Plosmo. GAINESVILLE PLASMA CORP. (Since 1969) 516 W. Univ. Ave. 378-9431. Call for appointment. THIS AD WORTH $5 EXTRA. For n donors only. COUNSELRSForNolrthCorolinoo-dsum-. mer comp. Room. me'l, loodry, salary and lroool ollooonc-. Expoinnot necessary, but mus enloy livingandork,ng with children. Only lan-cul, 0nonsmohing oe tgo sodts 0098 .apply. For opplaCG'on/brochre write: Cmp P 1801 Cleveland Rd., Mimi Beach, Fl. 33141. 4-3-5-8 Baby sitter needed Mon thru Fr 2-5 pm Housework inldod. Must have car. Close to ompu. Call 372-1225. 4-3-3-B OVERSEAS JOBS -Smmer/yor round. Erope, S. Amer., Australia, Asia. A11 fields, $500$1200 monthly. Sightsoiog. Free into. Write IJC Box52-FL2QCorono Del Mar, CA 92625. 4-14-10-8 $600/WEEK. Inland oxploo crews Men/women -virgooos F1/pol-year. Openings otiowido. Send $5 for 90company directory and lob guidelines Job Dato: Boo 72Poyi'vIAR72701. 4-3-2-8 Suomr jobs. National Park Co's. 21 Porks, 5,000 openings. Complete information $3. Mission Mn. Co. 651 2nd Ave W.N., Kolispoll, M. 59901. 4-15-10-8 Mature Female student to babysit in m N.W. home with 6-year-old girl and 3-yr-old girlaon steady Sat. nights and occasional weoends. Own Transportation. 372-5552 ofter 5 p. 4-8-5-8 Wanted responsible young men for summer omp omp oymnl comp Laney for Boys .top lookout Mt. Mentoe,.Ala. Positions in swimming caning horsbck crafts riflery :chry baseball + ,occor ooq l 378-2250 fter 7:00for oppliclion. Busy, high quality sporting goods store lookingfor ionllgen ssolespersono Moello woeninV ootIl lrun1npo. Must be able to work at last I year. 372-7836. 4-9-5-8 PERSONAL Save 10% on all Backpacks + $2 off any ocketrsstringigith mention of this ad hru ho7h. Lloyd Clark'sRoketShop. 1508 NW 13h i,. 372-7836. No.x to the Junction nian0sme0. 4-3-5-9 FREE PREGNANCY TEST -FREE COUNSELING ALSO AVAILABLE -call BIRTHRIGHT 377-4947. 6-5-49-9 Ride GO Games 000* 0 900% 00 e6*0e .0.* *0 e. A pril 2nd to 11th With Spectacular 0 Games Prizes and Great Munchies Gates Open 5 pm on Weekdays and 12pm on Weekends Located at the ROTC Drill Flod Sunday April 5th Family Afternoon SGPiUud" e CaOO. .OCeooneCe ndoW S$ for records. We buy, -1I + trade records at TOM'S USED GROOES 1642 W. Univ. Ave. (above Super Ska$ ) 376-1472. KARATE Wdo-Koi style. UF intramurols. No charge for instruction Special bogoners progo. Call 375-8144 Ask for Cory. Reg. $21.95 Aluminium Racketball Racket $14.95 Sale plus 10% off all Rockotbglls with mention of this ad. Lloyd Clarke's Rocket Shop. 1508 NW 13th St. 372-7838. Scientist, Tall, Hohdsomo, wellpold, prominent, sincere, age 28, seeking beautiful, bright woman, age 18-24, who appreciates the finer things: nature, the beach, music' art, science, elegant clothing, select cuisine, sports cars, etc. Pliose send letter and photo, will reply with some. RA, 2306 S.W. 13th St. 001,G'vill, 32608. 4-3-5-9 unwonted hair removed forever 30 years exp. Edmund Dwyer R.E. facial hair removal Rhoda Frino R.E. body hair Bikini-Line hair gone forever. We're of 4848 Newberry Rd. Suite 1350 Gainesville ph. 372-8839. McDONALD'S GAME; Don't trash your csh l willtrode pieces,giveaway extro, share $ won. 373-3943, 8-11 a.m. onyday. 4-3-5-9 U of F Shotokan Korate club classes MonWed-Fri, 6-7:00 Bog. clan M-W-F 5-6:00 p.m. Meeting inNormanGym. 4-3-5-9 POETS: We are selecting work for 1981 Anthology. Submit to: Contemporary Poetry Press P.O. Box 88 Lansing, N.Y. 14882. CARPET -room size pieces. The place in town to buy carpet remnant of the bes, prices in Stringfellow supply 1015 S. Main 376-7511. 6-5-49-9 LEARN TO SKYDIVE With the UF Falling Golotors Parochute Club. No experience necessary, for info call 372-1957. 4-17-15-9 MASADA ABC TV special sun. opril 5 thru wed opril 8 9-11 pm in the Hillel lounge free refreshments call372-2900. 4-3-5-9 Horse Lovers belong o Melton Stables. close to campus with the best prices, longest trails, largest stalls and now full core svc. Call Slly or Dave 378-6465. BROADCAST MAJORS An opportunity to odd to your tv experience while otUF. Weoa owacceptingopplico. lin ortwo positions: Nowscaster ood News Editor. this will involve working on a weekly news show to air on local tv. Can't pay you, but will be great experience. You should have some tv course work and lob experience to be considered. Please pply by submitting a resume to T.V. PO Box 14257 Ginosville, fl 32604. News Editor, plose enclose writing samples; Newscster, please enclose photo. 4-10-10-9 DELTA CH I 6Fraternity Row Invites you to SPRING RUSH '81 March 30 -April 4 Coll 372-9466 for more info NATURAL FABRICS + FOLKWEAR PATTERNS upstairs at the renaissance fair. Be creative and sovel 375-6462. 4-7-5-9 SPRING GETAWAY A quiet spring vocation in the Smokies with no interruptions except thoseyou wontl Unwind by the fireside in your own cottage. $30 nitely/$160 weekly for 2 people. Mountain Brook, U.S. 441 South, Sylvo, N.C. 704-58-4329. 4-22-22-9 RECOVERED STUTTER? Need adults who formerly stutotred for research project; harmless speaking task; $5/hr Call K. Morris 378-4544 or write c/o Speed & Heoring Clinic442 ASS, UF. 4-10-8-9 Share winning* -need McDonolds game crd ,514,536,508,509.541. Cll Lndo 376-W56. -3-9 PASSPORT job application resume photos * READY IN 60 Seconds * MedioImagePhotography505 S. Main St. COMIC BOOKS Marvels + DC's at lost years prices. Other comic items too. Call Ron: 371-0297. If you ore a student and you want to work to make UF better then slote with the SUN party from I to 5 ofUnion room337. 4-3-2-9 The THRILLof FLIGHT EXPERIENCE IT LEARN TO FLY FROM FEDERALLY CERTIFIED FLIGHT INSTRUCTORS BEST RATES ANYWHERE/PHONE 375-3100 EVES.s5-9 Babysitter. Interested in working evenings, weekends. responsible -health center stu. dent in post-bcc program ofter 6. 371-1515 4-6-3-9 HEAD FOR THE SUN slate for the SUN party from Ip to 5 starting Wednesday April 1. If you care about the quality of education that you ore receiving,* we want you. 4-2-2-9 Planning publication of pictorial magazine of collegiate models in Playgirl type poses. Would you model for such publication? Should we do it? Write us your views? Morklond Photo, box 6066, Tollahossee, Flo. 32301. 4-3-2-9 SUN party is slating qualified individuals for Senate and ASFAC if interested drop by Unon -oom 337 fo m to 5 starting Wednesday. 4-3-2-9 15% off al nylon wallets 4 styles + 15% off all women Speedo swimwoor with mention of this od. Lloyd Clarke's Rocket Shop. 1508 NW 13th St. 372-7836 Next to the Junction Levi's stoe 4-9-5-9 Anybody But Christie for SG president. Cooly-hood, cuts male grod stu. 25 desires woman 20+ for meaningful relation4ip. Must see to appreciate. 373-0146. After 5:30. 4-&-2-9 OUT OF BUSINESS. 30% to 50% off entire stock. Doors close April 25 of ESKIL'S Clog Shop, 807 W.Univ. Ave. 4-24-16-9 WANTED Student to serve on the Boord of Directors, Campus Communications (publisher of ohe Alligator). PI4o60 apply by sending a resume and letter voting why you wish to be considered. Apply by April 9 either in person (Classified Window 1729 N.W. ls Ave.) of by moil (P.O. Box 14257). Interviews will be hold in on open Meeting o the Alligator offices, 1:30 pm, Sunday, April 12. 4J9-5-9 PASSOVER reservefor sodor meals, gift Item. H.llel6 NW16st call 372-29EW. 4-3-5-9 You hove to chock out the record exchange buy soll or trade now used record albums highest trod, best prices 439 S. Main 374-844415-12-9 10% Disc to UF/SFCC students with ID on supp.-weaving, basketry, art. 14 NW 8th St. 378-5599-CreativoExprossions. 4-14-10-9 SHORTWAVE RADIO converter for your cr radio -Hear worldwide broadcasts while you drive. Powerful, sensitive, instols in minues.Does no, int,.,withyou, regular AM or FM reception. Fro *details. McCulloch Electronics, Box 722, Starkville, MS 39759. 4-6-5-9 All type of FURNITURE Ni's Nook -BUY& SELL 818 89. U00ve0si9yWoo. Behind Topo Bell377-6700. 5-14-30-9 Dearest Sco, Happy Birthday. I'm sure you're getting a big bang out of turning 21. I know ,his will be you, be,, B-do ye. I Love youolwysSherry (shop). 4-3-1-9 Door Tri xy, I may not be here in body, but always in spirit. Happy Birthdayl Love Tricky & Woody. 4-3-1-9 JEWISH STUDENTS Pick up your personal copy of Hillel'Sping brochure. Catch th. best in student octivitiies. 16 NW 18 St. 372-2900. 4-3-1-9 The respiratory therapy program at Santa Fe Community College is accepting applicotions for the next clan to begin Sept. 1981 Contact Health Related Counseling for opplication 375-4200. 4-3-1-9 Door Lloyd, Just Remember that -I loved you yesterday and I love you today and I'll always love you tomorrow. Happy BirthdaylIllIllll Forever, Eileen SPRING FASHION It's spring and it's soon time for The AlligatorSpringoshionIssue. ComingApril 14. Advertising deadline: April 10. Call 376-442 TODAYI 4-10-6-9 LOST & FOUND FOUND 3/mo old f.ale torrier-mix ton with 4 white paws & white fur on nose & tip of tail. Found near Great Southern. 376-9803 4-7-5-11 Female Shepard Lost. Block & ton, 65 lbs, no collar,0.nswers'to Showncie. Lost seen 3/4. lease call 378-0252. Reward. 4-3-3-11 Lost gold Toddy Bear b eyes holding tennis rcquet on gold chain left on Murphree tennis courts 4-1-81. Great sentimental value. If found please call 371-2030. orge Reward 4-9-5-11 Ilacky Sacks & Speedo Suits 15% OFF Bob's Sporting Good, 3100 S.W. 345St. Behind Pablo's Tunnel: 37 -SPORT Mention Ad 4-18-81 

PAGE 15

alligator, friday, april 3, 1981, is Gators even score with Seminoles In 12m9 victory A ligator Staff Writer TALLAHASSEE -For the second night in a row, fans at Seminole Field Thursday were treated to an offense dominated baseball game between UF and Fforida State. But unlike Wednesday's affair, a 14-10 Seminole win, FSU rooters walked away disappointed. The Gators blasted five homeruns, including grand slams by second baseman Dennis Foster and center fielder Glenn Carpenter, to account for all UF runs as the Gators outlasted the Seminoles 12-9 before a season-high crowd of 2,410. The victory enabled the Gators to split the four-game -season series with their cross-state rivals and improve their overall record to 17-8. The Seminoles dropped to 26-12, matching theirloss totals of last year's College World Series team. "Anything can happen in this ballpark," said UF coach Jay Bergman, referring to the 12 homeruns the two teams hit in the two-game set." "We didn't back off from them and we did the things we had todo." Foster, playing for the first time after sitting out 10 games with an ankle injury, put the Gators ahead 4-0 in the top of the second inning with his grand slam -his first as a Gator. Mike Henley led off the inning with a walk and Dave Falcone and Steve Floyd followed with back-to-back singles, setting the stage for Foster's third homer of the year. Left-hander David Smalley then replaced FSU starter Clem Freeman, and proceeded to give up a solo homerun to catcher Ron Cardieri. Freeman, who beat the Gators earlier this season in Gainesville was surprisingly ineffective in his one-inning stint. FSU, however, got three runs of its own in the bottom of the second on shortstop Mark Barineau's two-run double and Lionel Martinez' run-scoring single. The Gators kept things rolling in their half of the third inning to take a 9-3 lead, thanks to Carpenter's grand slam. The centerfielder, who cranked his second home run of the game and fourth of the year in the top of the ninth inning, unloaded his bases-clearing shot with two out after Ken Schimehak, Falcone and Floyd reached safety. "I certainly didn't expect twograndslams from Florida," said Seminole coach Mike Martin. "I give Florida a lot of credit for coming back after last night. I expected a lot of scoring because these are two offensive-minded teams." Martin's team began whittling away at UF's six-run lead in the bottom of the third on a solo home run by designated hitter Mark Lacey, his second of the series and an RBI single by right fielder Mike Yastrzemski. The Seminoles then added two runs in the sixth and then tied the game with two more in the seventh stanza. In the seventh, FSU leftfielder Joe Licata, hit a one out, one run homer to pull the Seminoles within one. Gator starter Mike McClellan, who pitched well for six innings, fell apart in the seventh and then was replaced by right wander Rich Bombard. Seminole pinch hitter Chris Cauthon then tagged-Bombard for a game-tying single. In the eighth inning, after former Seminole Schimchak was walked, first baseman Falcone put UF over the top for good, by knocking a Jay Keeler fast ball over the left field wall. It was Falcone's ninth round tripper of the year. Keeler, (2-3) took the loss, while Bombard picked up his fourth win against one loss, with a strong relief performance. While the game was certainly an offensive display, Schimchak made the defensive play of the game after bobbling a Martinez bloop single in the seventh. The rightfielder was able to get the ball to catcher Ron Cardieri, who tagged Cauhton on the foot as he dove toward home plate.The play prevented the go-ahead run Irom scoring. The Gators return home Saturday to begin an eight-game homestand with a night doubleheader against Tennessee. The twinbill begins at 6, with a day game Sunday at 1:30 closing out the three-game set. The Volunteers are 10-10 this season, 3-3 in the Southeastern Conference's Eastern Division. They are coming off two decisive setbacks at the hands of ninth-ranked Alabama. The Tide crushed the Vols 18-8 and 11-6, but the games do not count in the SEC standings because Alabama is in the Western Division. Leading the hit parade for coach Bill Wright's squad is senior shortstop Ronnie Hartsfield. Vhile Hartsfield's .314 average is not the tops on the team, lheis the owner of three school records and is closing in on another. With three hits in the Alabama series, Hartsfield has banged out 198 career safeties, most of any Volunteer player including current Pittsburgh Pirate star Phil Garner. He also holds the record for most doubles and most runs scored, and is nearing the school stolen base mark. Top hitters for the Vols are the outfield trio of Mike McConkey, Greg Geren and Curt Cornwell. McConkey, the Vols' senior captain, is leading the team with a .394 average, not counting the Alabama series. Geren and Cornwell follow close behind, hitting .368 and .357 respectively. Probable starters for the Vols are righthander Jimmy Boring, 4-1 on the season, lefthander Don Howard, 2-1, and last year's All-SEC Eastern Division righthander Jimmy Johnson, 2-2. The Gators will counter with lefty ace Larry Mikesell, 5-1, Randy O'Neal and Rich Bombard. Netters look to get back on track By Aln Book n Saturday and Mississippi State Monday. Alligator Writer Both matches begin at 1:30 p.m. "They're both very good teams and we Whenever a tennis team travels to unshould have our hands full," Chafin said. friendly territory and gets thumped 9-0, it's "Both schools have kind of revitalized their important for the team not to lose its conprograms, so it should be interesting." fidence. Lack of confidence equates with UF has compiled a 1-2 record in the SEC lack of desire, and that usually means this year, sandwiching a victory over disaster. Vanderbilt between losses to Alabama and Coaches faced with this situation usually Auburn. Overall the Gators stand at 12-4, hope for one of two things; either their next but Chafin's only worry is the SEC matches. opponent is an easy one or they have an ex"The better we do against conference tended layoff to nurse their wounds. teams, the better seeding we'll get in the SEC Last Sunday afternoon the UF men's tennis tournament," Chafin said. "Not only team. team was blasted 9-0 by the Miami Hurseeding, but individually too." ricanes. This put coach M.B. Chaf in's squad The Gators' next home match is scheduled in the above-mentioned predicament, but, for April 15 when Miami visits the Varsity thanks to a beneficial break in the schedule, Courts. Chaf in and his squad are looking forthe Gators have had this week to practice ward to that meeting, for obvious reasons. and prepare for their next opponent. "We tried very hard down there against They more than likely will need it. The them (Miami), but things just didn't go our Gators travel to Mississippi for matches with way," Chafin said. "We will be waiting for Southeastern Conference foes Ole Miss them." U's Davi WIlsmA. (left) "dlcum point W to anke their sare of points against Ole I Gator track team entertains Brown with eye on future By Glen Giffwd shake an injury bug that felled two of the team's better runing and basking in the Florida sun that began with last Alligator Writer ners before and during the Relays. World-class sprinter week's Relays. Floyd Brown may see action tonight after injuring a leg last "This week really helped us out," said Brown coach Doug With the running of last week's Florida Relays now a week during practice, but Roger Dixon will have to sit this Terry. "This meet is our first real competition of the outdoor memory, the UF men's track team commences with the one out while he recuperates from a hamstring injury sufseason. Our team is very young, and this should really be an business of completing the remainder of its outdoor season fered during a relay race last weekend. experience for them." tonight at 6:30 when it faces Brown University in a, dual In the meantime, long jumper Stanley Holmes, who filled The Bruins feature 5,000-meter specialist Tom Ratcliffe meet at Percy Beard Track. in capably for Dixon last week, will see action again in the and half-miler Osmon Lake, both defending outdoor chamThe Gators, under Coach John Randolph, enter tonight's mile relay. pions in the Heptagonal Conference, which includes all the competition with an eye toward tuning up for bigger meets Two positive notes for the Gators are the recovery of longIvy League schools plus Army and Navy. down the road, including the Southeastern Conference and jumper Jerry Smith from knee surgery, and the return to Admission to the meet tonight is free. NCAA championlsips in May and June. eligibility of junior Neil Serafenas, a shotputter and discus * "We're working hard and trying for long-range improvethrower. A combination of minor illnesses and injuries caused Lady ment," Randolph' said. "We worked hard over break, "He's a quality performer and a good leader," Randolph Gator track coach Carol Thomson to scratch her team's enoverloading our athletes so they'll be ready later in the said of Serafenas, a transfer from Delaware. "I think he'll be try in this weekend's Texas Relays. season." a positive influence on a lot of people." "It wouldn't be fair to the girls to expect them to show imInjtoeight'smeet against 1iheBruins. tJie Gators will try jo .Fog tie Iruns, oni5!st's meet culminates a week of trainprovement under these conditions," Thomsop s id. 

PAGE 16

16, alligator, friday, april 3, 1981 SWITCH and Fight For Change and Honesty SWITCH 371 -0209 373-8076 Mieeo.spen forSWITCH 1 -* Professional Hair Design State Rd. 24,2 miles West of1-75 6"S .W. Ard,.c Rd. 37-3472 AReach a NEW High SOAR WITH A K AE1 Fre .BI.u.ecy Sallonacy III1W. U.neolt THE VILLAGE "Close to campus but in a country setting" *The best recreation-pool, lighted racquetbetl-'ennis cuts, basketball court, volleyball *Th, best mantenantce *Th, best mnatgenmnt "The best parties (2 this summer) Gainesvlle's most popular opt complexhas a few I Sr opts. for summer & foil. Unfurn $205-Furn $215 Wooer. pest conexcellent foc i es andlow ent ean Don Overmnrow Student Government SWITCH 3710209373-8076 0.idP.itka.IAdne.is.ingby Mk.r.e.ep.fo.rSWTCH "fewIt pays to look Into the ClassifIedsl SaL Popu D I Features convenlen ;Vton C-0M PCX-20, I Sae 59 COT ~eoW5 ~ F~ 25Corasle Find out why Pasasomic owners become so loyal. C-S0il, $659 $14" VHS Tape N--.$D E 255 PCX-IOM6L -nwsmA Side $2 ="O" n PV-120C~VI $ *12995 Portable 13"Color TV Sale 799 M1310C, $399.Sale $2 6-hr VHS Recorder lar Tos ae 012.9h5WP.Sal9 Programthlsafordae, 6-hour SCassette Deck 12C,$19.5 .-.-. VHS video recorder to catch ~~Cassette Deck & 19inch Color TV Sae*9 TVsoswiewy Iby Moise Reduction, M-1926, $599. SaM $499 TV shows while away t direct-loadling, and the Zemth 23-.nch Color TV PV-1200, $995 of Coach'p exprt service. M-2314, $769.95.Sale *599 Sale *799 $179.95. S *129.95 $299.95. Sale $199.95 ""*f'-# ""\LOYamaha Cassette Decks K-350, $240 .ala 199 K-950, 4490.Sale *399 CR-4O Sl 2 YAMAHA Authentic Yamaha Mid-Size Receiver Enjoy this premium, natural-sounding, 30-watt, AM/FM stereo receiver fort price of regular stereo. CR-440, $320 .Sale *279 CR-220, $250 .Sae $229 CR-40, $395.Sale $325 CR-1040, $660.1a. $549 SONY Sale *94/ Most Popular Sony Turntable Shope y to ensure availability of our msmt lar Sonydirect-drive, semiPS-212, $179.95.Sale $99 Sale *99ea 502VX JBL Studio Quality 2-WaySpeakers Choose our most economical and and efficient JBL speakers with 8-inch woofer, 3-inch tweeter, ndsimpledesign. 502VX, $150.Sale $99 9 702VX, $200.Sale $149 m. 4311,$410. .a.*3a4.50 m. L.-112, $495.ase 374.50 as. L-220, $1000.Sole *749.50 as. r~E iEE 3 4 Sale $599*OSANYO 3-hr. Beta Recorder Now Couch's brings the fun and convenience of videotaping favorite movies, specials, and sports within the budget. VC'9' "$795 .Sale *599 *10" Bleta Ta Reg. $16. 5 Ulp to 3 hrs. s Your Choice speakers Pr. 5 1/4"Coax,$74.95 .Sale *54.95 Pr. 6" x 9" Co-ax, $74.955ele $54.95 Pr. 4"xIO"Co-ax, $74.95 Sale $54.95 rC.2 Sale *7995 In-dash AM/FM Cassette You're In good company with one of the world's most popular car stereos. FFC-2, *99.Sale *79.95 AM/FM Auto-reverse.Cusette FTC-6, *129.95 .S1.e.*99.95 ER-749 Sale *299 TCSHIBA Microwave Oven Save time, heat, energy, and money with your new, top-rated Toshiba microwave oven and save $130 ER-749, $429 Sale $299 Sale *399 maxell UDXL il 90 min., $7.29 .Sale $3.99 TMK SA C-90 90-mm,, $5.69 ONY .Sale $3o99 1O Y Wahmen 0 Save *10 Portable Stereo Sony Stereo Tape Player Walkman, $19. Sale4 $109 SJe TGO ow Ivi ot IL 
