
PAGE 1

We Inform. You Decide.www.alligator.orgNot officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida VOLUME 109 ISSUE 129 WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2015By Ansley PentzAlligator Staff WriterAccent Speaker’s Bureau planned on Carter to the Phillips Center for Performing UF returns home for midweek game against North FloridaEight of Florida’s next nine games are in Gainesville, pg 13. UF Rowdy Reptiles make Final Four of fandom competitionThe winner will be announced at NCAA championship, pg 9.He won $10K for pioneering diversity in law, pg 5. Alligator StaffNow football coach Kent Fuchs teaches the revamped plays to the Gators. “Take the hurry-up offense,” he said during the session. “Why is everyone in such a hurry?”Alligator StaffPresident Jim McElwain reflects on changes he wants to make to on-campus parking. FUCHS TAKES FIELD, MCELWAIN TAKES PAYCUT The Alligator is looking for a production managerCheck for a job description on our Twitter and Facebook page. Email production@alligator.org for details. By Alligator Staff wonderful space right inside when I was growing up in research world would translate well onto the SEE FUCHS, PAGE 3 SEE CARTER, PAGE 4Jimmy Carter subs for wife, speaks about mental health Hannah Morse / Alligator StaffFormer U.S. President Jimmy Carter speaks at Tuesday’s Accent Speaker’s Bureau event at the Phillips Center for the Performing Arts in place of his wife Rosalynn, who could not attend because she was ill. Carter discussed mental health issues with Dr. Nancy Hardt, answered Twitter questions and read lines from his wife’s mental health speech. “She dreams of a day when stigma is gone,” he said. CAMPUS 

PAGE 2

Subscription Rate: Full Year (All Semesters) $100The Alligator The Alligator The Independent Florida Alligator The Alligator The Alligator The Alligator ISSN 0889-2423 VOLUME 109 ISSUE 129 the alligator’s alligator.org/calendar2 ALLIGATOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2015 NEWSROOM Editor Managing Editor / Print Managing Editor / Online Metro Editor University Editor Freelance Editor Opinions Editor Sports Editor Assistant Sports Editor alligatorSports.org Editor Editorial Board Photo Editor the Avenue Editor Blogs Editor Copy Desk Chiefs Copy Editors DISPLAY ADVERTISING Advertising Director Advertising Retail Manager Intern Coordinator Sales Representatives Advertising Clerks CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING BUSINESS Comptroller Bookkeeper ADMINISTRATION General Manager Assistant General Manager Administrative Manager Administrative Assistant President EmeritusSYSTEMS IT System Engineer PRODUCTION Production Manager Assistant Production Manager Advertising Production Staff Editorial Production Staff Local Events / News in Brief Today’s WeatherAM NOON PM WHAT’S HAPPENING?Survivors of Violence Art Exhibit submissions Alachua County Victim Services and Rape Crisis Center is seeking art submissions for the 2015 Survivors of Violence Art Exhibit held April 24 to 30 at the Civic Media Center and Wild Iris Books in Gainesville. Survivors are encouraged to submit original artwork of all forms, including performance pieces. For more information, call 352-264-6763. Alpha Kappa Psi financial workshop It's never too early to start planning for a financially successful future. Alpha Kappa Psi is proud to present Todd Romer, Founder and CEO of Young Money, who will be speaking about "5 Simple Steps to Create Financial Success Now." The event will be today at 5:45 p.m. in the MSB Auditorium in the Communicore building and is open to all UF students. Take Back the Night Recognize National Sexual Assault Awareness Month by attending the annual Take Back the Night March and Rally to End Sexual Violence. Visit tabling organizations to learn more about how they prevent and respond to sexual violence, make a poster of support to carry on the two-mile march around campus, enjoy soulful musical performances, take in the wisdom of its two keynote survivor-speakers and share your own experience during open mic if you are a survivor or support survivors. It will be held today from 6 to 9 p.m. on Norman Field. Authors@UF: P.K. Ramachandran Nair P.K. Ramachandran Nair, distinguished professor, School of Forest Resources and Conservation, IFAS, will talk about a book he edited, “Agroforestry – The Future of Global Land Use,” on Thursday at 4:30 p.m. in the Marston Science Library Conference Room 136. Free and open to the public. Refreshments will be served. Cafe Cultural — Chips and Salsa Night Join the Institute of HispanicLatino Cultures, “La Casita,” for its second Caf Cultural of the semester. They will be hosting a Chips and Salsa Night on Thursday from 6 to 8 p.m. There will be live music by Los Panas 352. Come join them for an evening of music, dancing and good vibes. Got something going on? Want to see it in this space? Send an email with “What’s Happening” in the subject line to kwiggins@alligator.org. To ensure publication in the next day’s newspaper, please submit the event before 5 p.m. Please model your submissions after above events, and keep them to 150 words or fewer. Improperly formatted “What’s Happening” submissions may not appear in the paper. 

PAGE 3

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2015 ALLIGATOR 3 Alligator StaffFootball coach Kent Fuchs and UF President Jim McElwain pose in their new environments. They switched jobs thanks to a loophole in Fuchs’ contract. run. Then they put it up for a vote. Sure, each game might take a little longer, but we’ll be in a much more collegial place in the long run.” At least one faculty member who asked not be named expressed concern over Fuchs’ new role. “What am I going to have to do now to get tenure and promotion?” she said. “Sell boiled peanuts outside the stadium?” McElwain was immediately on board with the idea and wasted no time exerect: commencement, which will be held “I’m thinking we skip the stage for the graduates to walk across,” he said. “Now picture this: Instead, we have them run out of the tunnel while the they might trip on those gowns they wear — I need to work on that. Maybe to make things interesting, we bring in a mas out into the crowd.” Also on his agenda: a solution for UF’s perennial parking woes. “Why make people buy parking pertailgating. Let people park wherever they want. Everything is fair game — sidewalks, lawns, Plaza of the Americas. Heck, the pickups can even park on the steps of Tigert Hall. Better get here early, though; the best spots go fast.” Motivating faculty to accomplish even greater things is yet another item McElwain plans to address. home a Nobel Prize, I will personally give them a Gatorade bath,” he said. “Shoot, who wouldn’t want that? Who cares about a trip to Stockholm? All right, faculty, now get out there and win one!” The switch-up has drawn mixed reviews among students. “Um, who thought that was a good old graduate student. from Miami, said she’s excited. “Awesome!” she said. “Can Coach Fuchs get me some good seats?”Editor’s Note: April FoolsFUCHS, from pg 1Campus parking ‘fair game’ 

PAGE 4

By Cyanne DunnAlligator Staff Writer cdunn@alligator.orgUF’s own Jeremy Foley will be having a one-on-one chat with students. The athletic director will be presenting a keynote speech, followed by a Q&A session, at 6 p.m. April 7 in the Evans Champions Club in Foley will share his personal story during the keynote speech. He is not being paid for the event, which is co-hosted by the Accent ty Athletic Association, said Accent chairman Corey Flayman. the athletics department in 1976 as an intern. He climbed his way up and was hired as athletic director in 1992, according to the university. Many students would be excited to interact with Foley because of their passion for Gator sports, Flayman said. Doors will open at 5 p.m. While tickets aren’t required, the event will only be open to students served basis. The event will also serve as a way for students to voice their opinions on the state of Gator athletics. “The UAA is also really excited about it because they were looking for an event where they would be able to get feedback from students about the athletic department, so it seemed like a perfect partnership,” Flayman said. Brittany Magdovitz, a 20-yearold UF food science and human nutrition junior, said she plans to go to the event because of Foley’s work over the years. “I grew up loving sports and being a Gator, going to every football game there’s ever been, and other sports,” Magdovitz said, “so I want to go see one of the greater athletic directors.”UF athletic director to speak to students on Gator athleticsNicole Gomez / Alligator StaffFrom left, Tessa Arthur, Eric Brown, Tyler Drescher, Chance Fortson, Damian Gonzalez, Scott Strauss and LB Hannahs participate in Women’s History Month’s Masculine Mystique panel. They discussed CAMPUSCAMPUSBy Nicole GomezAlligator Contributing WriterTessa Arthur is a butch lesbian. backward baseball cap she wears with the words “bad butch” printed on it. Tuesday night, she told a crowd of about 50 in the Reitz Union Grand ment in her masculine identity. Arthur, a 20-year-old marketing sophomore, is one of six UF students gender and their experiences at the panel sponsored by Women’s Histhe UF Interfraternity Council. The others were psychology sophomore Chance Fortson, journalism and political science junior Dalitical science senior Eric Brown. LB Hannahs, director of LGBT Affairs at UF, moderated the discussion. male, said he appreciates that strength and determination are associated with masculinity, but masculine people should not be pressured to hide their emotions. “Masculinity and my gender identity have a very strange relationship,” he said. “I also feel like trans males have even more pressure to be masculine.” genderqueer trans person and uses the pronoun they, realized during the sexual assault crisis last Fall that because they pass as a white man, they have privileges and protection from risks women face. This isn’t a fair situation, Hannahs said. Drescher, one of the panelists and president of the Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity, said he likes the respect and helpfulness that are sometimes associated with masculinity. “I like the gentleman image,” he said. Drescher also said he sometimes feels uncomfortable wearing his Greek letters because people have assumptions about fraternal brothers expressing their masculinity in homophobic and misogynistic ways. Kia Rahmanian, IFC vice president of operations, said the council has been working to encourage more diversity and was happy to co-sponsor the event with Women’s History Month.Student panel discusses masculinity, personhood Tuesdayyears. Despite not having the money or intial title, Carter said he and his wife still travel around the world to educate foreign diplomats about mental health. When they visit other countries, Carter said his wife always wants to start a conversation about improving mental health care. “The main thing she wants to talk about is mental health, and she does it,” he said. Marissa Hartman, a UF family, youth and community sciences senior, said she was impressed by Carter’s articulate preing mediated discussion with Dr. Nancy Hardt, the director for UF Health Disparities her to research more about The Carter Center when she got home. Hartman said she found Carter’s comments about Rosalynn endearing. “You can tell he really cares about his wife,” the 23-year-old said. can, said her conservative friends berated her about going to Carter’s presentation. Hartman told them she didn’t want to miss seeing a former president, regardended up agreeing with what he said about mental illness. “It affects everyone,” she said. But Lizzie Lunior, a UF psychology and women’s studies senior, said she was discult it is to deal with mental illness.” Lunior said she thought Carter reinforced the idea that mental illness is genetic. “It also has a great deal to do with our environment and the power systems within our society,” the 22-year-old said. When Carter spoke, he referred back to Rosalynn’s prewritten speech. “These illnesses do not discriminate,” he read, speaking about his own family members who have overcome their illnesses by seeking treatment. Kathy Cornette, 52, said Carter was the “I loved everything he represented, and he’s still my favorite president,” said Cornette, who lives in Waldo. While Lunior said she didn’t support the way Carter explained mental illness, she did like that he offered solutions, such as valuing mental health in the same way Americans do physical well-being. “Everybody deserves empathy and a community to support them,” she said.CARTER,Audience had mixed reviews By Mary Brooke StubbsAlligator Contributing WriterThe UF football program has canceled the student ticket lottery. tickets from the 2014-15 season can buy 201516 season tickets for $105 online. The tickets in“We hope it will create more excitement and have more students show up than the last couple years,” said Dan Apple, assistant director for football at the University Athletic Association department of communications. “The lottery, in the past, was for when it was in higher demand. And now, it is not.” He said the athletic association decided this would be in the best interest of UF students based on student feedback. “The perception is that sales are down. We sold out every game last year in the student sec19,500 students, Apple said. According to Alligator archives, UF football lottery tickets did sell out, but only after the student lottery deadline was extended. line was extended. In 2010, the athletic association extended the gan in 2004 and has extended the deadline every year since. All tickets were eventually sold, but with a shift in ticket sales and student demands, the association decided to revert back to the old season ticket system, wrote Alicia Longworth, the assistant athletic director, in an email. Eden Estevez, a 19 year-old UF biology sophomore said she doesn’t like the change. “I think it is better if it is a lottery because everybody would have an opportunity to win,” she said. On July 27, incoming freshmen, transfer students and current students who did not have season tickets in 2014 will have the chance to buy tickets.Season tickets reinstated after UF cancels football lottery“The lottery, in the past, was for when it was in higher demand. And now, it is not.”Dan Appleassistant director for football, UAA department of communications 

PAGE 5

By Lacy RubloffAlligator Contributing Writer By Justin RossAlligator Contributing Writer Andres Leiva / Alligator StaffNot in the FaceCynthia Bunnay (left), 24, and Ed Fonseca, 23, both UF students, prepare to be hit by a water balloon at a Gator Gaming event on Turlington Plaza on Tuesday. The pair allowed passers-by to pelt them to earn votes for an online competition that rewards winners with $8,000 worth of computer accessories. It ranked 18 out of 67 counties for overall health LOCAL 

PAGE 6

The Alligator will be withheld if the writer shows just cause. We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, style and libel. Send letters to opinions@alligator.org, bring them to 1105 W. University Ave., or send them to P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, FL 326042257.Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial cartoons are also welcome. Questions? Call 352-376-4458.The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator.Editorial Column Kathryn Varn EDITOR Alex Harris Kristan Wiggins Alec Carver Religious freedom not an excuse to discriminateIndiana, a state known for a famous race track and as the idyllic setting of “Parks and Recreation,” is currently caught up in controversy following the recent passage of a religious freedom law. The problem: The law doesn’t protect religious freedom so much as it permits discrimination in the name of religion. The law, called the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, is similar to a federal law signed by Bill Clinton in 1993 and other state-level versions of it. The original federal law was intended to protect the religious use of a hallucinogenic cactus by Native Americans. The act includes provisions that would protect businesses from civil lawsuits against them. These new provisions are, in part, inspired by last year’s Hobby Lobby decision, which granted free exercise protection to corporations, people and churches. Criticism of the law is based in opposition to what many people see as its intent: exempting businesses who would like to deny services to gay couples from civil rights laws. RFRA laws are often used to covertly guarantee the rights of individuals and businesses to this, often in response to stories where bakery owners are sued into submission after refusing to decorate cakes for gay weddings. In that way, it’s similar to other “religious freedom” laws like one that was passed but vetoed in Arizona last year that legalized discrimination of LGBT people. Such regressive legislation aimed at maintaining the social and sexual status quo is popping up everywhere. Indiana’s RFRA is one. We have a bill going through our state house that would force trans people to use restrooms according to their legal sex. The intent of these laws is never stated as such, of course, but after a cursory look at who’s behind them it becomes clear. Present at the signing of Indiana’s RFRA last week were, according to GLAAD, Micah Clark, Curt Smith and Eric Miller — essentially a who’s who of Indiana anti-LGBT activists. Smith helped write the bill. Saying it’s meant to protect religious freedom is a brilliant rhetorical device on their part, because no one in America and in his or her right mind would argue against freedom of religion. It’s one of the most sacred principles in American thought; supporting a law meant to protect it should be a no-brainer. But we know why these laws are gaining popuright in resisting the overwhelming tide of favor for samesex marriage in this country. In the event of legal same-sex marriage, they’d like to preserve the right of businesses to discriminate. Personally, we’re against the law and others like it — including the anti-trans bill in our own state. But if these people want to argue for legalized discrimination, they should own up to exactly what it is. Religious freedom is a shoddy excuse. Gov. Scott wrong, but FEMA’s policy misguidedRecently, Bryan Koon, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management, tried to discuss climate change at a Senate budget meeting. However, there was one stipulation he had to follow: He could not use the term “climate change.” Talk about counterintuitive. Alas, one could only imagine the plight of a man attempting to discuss environmental policy without being able to use the term “global warming.” This crutch certainly led to hilarity within the Senate hearing, and many laughed as Koon attempted his impossible task. However, Koon is not alone. There are many others who can relate to his situation. In fact, every person employed by the state knows exactly how Koon feels. banned from using the terms “global warming” and “cliEnvironmental Protection are unable to use these terms. This ban has certainly led to laughable moments, but its future implications are nothing to chuckle about. Gov. Rick Scott’s ban could put Floridians in danger. The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently announced that by March 2016, any state that doesn’t actively combat the effects of global warming will not receive disaster preparedness money. Our governor faces an interesting predicament: Is he to bow to the wishes of the federal government and accept climate change is real? Or is he to risk the well-being of his constituents when hurricane season comes around? Whatever his decision, I believe this situation has startling implications. It appears human lives and the wellbeing of individuals living in a state can be utilized to push certain policy. Within this federal v. state standoff, it seems the lives of Floridians have become nothing more than mere bargaining chips. FEMA dangles our disaster relief money over Scott’s head and dares him to reject it. And of course, many, including myself, think he should change his policy. After all, it is absolutely absurd to ban the use of terminology. Scott’s decree has already led environmental policy. It is ridiculous and far too authoritative, and it has made Florida a laughing stock in the national news. However, FEMA shouldn’t be threatening to withhold disaster preparedness funds. All people living in Florida should not be punished for Scott’s actions. We did not ban the term “climate change.” In fact, most of us actually disagree with Scott and acknowledge the effect greenhouse gases have on our planet. I understand the motive behind FEMA’s actions, but it is misguided. It puts Floridians at an unnecessary risk FEMA’s policy is also counterintuitive. Its new rule suggests states only deserve preparedness money if they actively plan for climate hazards. This policy seems to promote safety, as it encourages states to adopt adequate environmental regulations. However, it refuses to give money to states that would need it the most — states that are especially ill-prepared for an environmental disaster facilitated by climate change. With this in mind, it is obvious Florida would actually need more FEMA money than other states, because it is less prepared than states that acknowledge climate change. But if disaster does occur, Floridians will suffer the consequences. Threatening the well-being of Florida’s constituents is completely unacceptable. Scott’s ban might be outrageous, but FEMA’s policy is dangerous. It’s time to stop playing with people’s lives. Dennis Fiore III is a UF political science freshman. His column appears on Wednesdays.WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2015 www.alligator.org/opinions Dennis Fioreopinions@alligator.org 

PAGE 7

Letter to the EditorFilm and television representation for anyone who isn’t straight, white and cisgender has been largely nonexistent until very recently. People of color have been condemned to stereotyped roles, often playing domestic workers or exaggerated caricatures of their cultures. The painful truth is women, people of color and transgender people do not dia they consume. representation to be a nonissue — that, somehow, the sparse sprinkling of diversity in our media is enough. Portraying black people as maids and criminals or women as girlfriends and prostitutes is not enough, nor is it just or accurate. media of entertainment does not mean their unequal representation is trivial. Fiction and frivolity are not mutually inclusive. In fact, the kind of art a society of that society. Whenever we see a character who isn’t a straight white man, we wonder at the reasoning behind such a casting choice. Why does this character have to be black? How does making this character gay change the story? Why is it necessary? We see anything other than straight white men as a deviation from the norm. And therein lies the crux of the problem. We perceive whiteness, maleness and heterosexuality as normal — a default setis different; other. The opponents to diverse media representation are usually those whom the media is abundantly representing. The people media ignore hold the mirror of art up to life and cannot see themselves. Movies set in African countries where the only black actors are thieves and slaves is unacceptable. Movies about relationships where women only exist to talk about men are unacceptable. Movies that feature transgender women played by cisgender men are unacceptable. Dominican-American author Junot Diaz once spoke of representation as a demonization of those neglected. “If you want to make a human being into a monster,” he said, “deny them, at the cultural mand for diverse representation is not a trite whim but a necessary justice. In refusing to write black, gay or trans people as 3-D characters of value, we contribute to the prejudiced view that those people don’t exist. The media we consume has shaped our fundamental values since we were children. Not only do white male children — our “default” — internalize negative images about those different from them, but also black children, girls and children from nontraditional families begin to internalize negative ideas about themselves. “I felt like a monster in some ways,” Diaz revealed, “I didn’t see myself as one cookie-cutter section of humanity does not only promote sexist, racist or homophobic beliefs, but it limits the scope and richness of stories being told. Shows like “Empire,” “Broad City” and “Orange is the New Black” wonderfully showcase underrepresented groups with detailed, likeable characters and rich, invested plot lines. These celebrations of diverse casts are brilliant, but the scales remain far from even. As consumers, we vote with our dollars. We can demand representation by consuming the media that provides it and ignoring the media that doesn’t. While avoiding all sexist, racist, homophobic or otherwise regressive media is virtually impossible, being selective and critical of the media you consume is not. When we hold the mirror of art up to life, we should see a complex, diverse reAmy Coker is a UF English junior. Her column appears on Wednesdays. Hello Gator Nation! My name is Joselin PadronRasines, and I am honored to be your Student Body president -elect alongside Student Body Vice Presidentelect Kevin Doan and Student Body Treasurerelect Nicholas Carre. It is with great enthusiasm and excitement that I announce Student Government applications are currently open! The three of us ran on the platform of ensuring that SG is open to all students. Now is the time to put that dream into action. We need you! We need your passion, dedication and desire to make a difference on this campus. There are more than 40 positions available in the executive branch for the 2015-16 term. From coordinating the biggest student-run housing fair, to bringing distinguished speakers to campus, to serving the broader Gainesville community; there is a place for you. SG provides an outlet where you can grow as a leader, form lasting relationships and be the change you have wanted to see on this campus. If you want to create events and programming for the Student Body, SG Cabinet is your avenue. Serving in the Cabinet is your opportunity to create impactful events that inform and inspire every Gator. If you want to work with the administration and SG to advocate for change in university policies and procedures, apply to be an executive secretary. Executive secretaries serve on my Council of Advisors and keep me up to date on policy issues around campus. If you want to provide services and resources to students, consider joining an SG agency. Agencies have a wide range of initiatives that aim to connect students to each other. Examples include Accent, Gators Going Green and Student Government Productions. Applications for SG executive positions can be found at Applications are due Friday by 5 p.m. If you have any questions about this process, please contact my chief of Kevin, Nicholas and I look forward to meeting you and hearing about all of the ideas and passion you have to move SG forward. Together, let’s leave a lasting legacy. Thank you, and go Gators! Joselin Padron -RasinesStudent Body President-electThe music streaming business got another competitor Monday with the launch of Tidal, a highplatform, launched by none other than the talented, collaborative rapper Jay Z. According to its website, Tidal videos and expertly curated editorial content as part of its services. A number of popular artists supported the launch of the platform on Twitter over the weekend, including Kanye West, Madonna, Daft Punk, Jason Aldean, Rihanna and, obviously, Beyonc. It hasn’t been ascertained, but such artists could potentially use Tidal to debut albums or add past albums to its list of options. It’s said to compete with other powerhouse platforms such as Spotify and Pandora. Sounds interesting and exciting, right? Wrong. Tidal is subscription-based only. It offers two options, $19.99 a month for Tidal HiFi or $9.99 a month for Tidal Premium. None of its services are free, except a free 30-day trial offered with each option. If you’re like me, you probably thought: “So what?” Other music streaming platforms still have the “listen for free” option available. But such artists like those listed above could decide to remove their music from websites like Spotify, so listening to those particular artists’ music for free will no longer be an option. This would also prevent fans from previewing new albums artists release exclusively through Tidal. So, basically, the only way fans can listen to their favorite artist’s new album would be to pay Jay Z every month. This is not fair for people who are, in less modest terms, broke. College students are probably not going to pay $10 to $20 a month to listen to new music, simply because we just can’t afford it. I support the use of technology and hard work that is being used to create such innovative music, and I realize that it probably isn’t cheap to do so. But having to pay an obscene amount of money to listen to Spotify still offers music for free ing subscribers. I am more than positive Tidal could achieve the same outcome, especially with the support from all the artists who have outwardly spoken about the company. The motive behind Tidal seems greedy. Yes, artists and companies need to make a living just like everybody else, but they need to realize not everybody has the option to just throw out money to listen to a playlist every month. Especially when other sites offer an alternative. And if select artists decide to remove their music from these platforms, that is even more greedy and unfair than the cost itself. Taylor Swift has already confessed to Tidal being the home for her music after she pulled her songs from Spotify last year. Will this result in fans having to pay Tidal to listen to her music being streamed? Fans already purchase her music worldwide; that’s what iTunes is for. It defeats the purpose of streaming music altogether. I am sincerely curious to see whether Tidal will become an ultimate success or fail. Apple is reportedly working with Beats on revamping its music-streaming music-streaming subscriptions compared with CDs. This could potentially be the cause of Tidal’s downfall because Apple and Beats are striving to offer the same type of content that Tidal is advertising. Despite the competition, Jay Z, his team and selected artists who support the company should consider the economic status of the world before depriving fans of listening to free music and Tidal’s innovative product. It’s a shame more people will not be able to experience music in this new way simply because they cannot afford it. Grace Hudgins is a UF journalism junior. Her column appears on Wednesdays.Launch of Jay Z's streaming site Tidal deprives fans from innovative music experiences because of costColumn Grace Hudginsopinions@alligator.org Amy Cokeropinions@alligator.orgDiverse media representation is essential yet still somehow lackingColumn“But having to pay an obscene amount of money to listen to the whiteness, maleness 

PAGE 8

By Melissa GomezAlligator Contributing WriterNicky Clayton played a video Tuesday afternoon of her teaching a bird to plan for the future. Clayton and Clive Wilkins, both from the Department of Psychology of the University of Cambridge, will spend the week at UF sciences by collaborating through discussion, lecture and performance. As the bird chose between eating worms and nuts, Clayton explained in the second lecture, “The Evolution of Shopping Lists,” that humans aren’t the only species capable of making decisions for their futures. “It was really simple experiments but powerful results,” said Vincent Cannataro, a 26-year-old a signature of great science.” Robert Holt, a UF biology professor, invited Clayton and Wilkins from England to help promote the collaboration of the arts with science. The events began Monday morning with “Creative Navigator’s Lens,” where the lecturers discussed the use of arts to highlight and add meaning to science. “We need to develop the fresh ways of thinking,” Holt said. Wilkins, an artist-in-residence, and Clayton, a professor of comarts and sciences through dance. Wilkins said this way of thinking can help people make sense of their lives. He said he and Clayton hope students come away with the wonder and fascination they once had as children. “We’re all going to live a long time,” Wilkins said. “How do we maintain an interest in our world right to the very end?”Andres Leiva / Alligator StaffNicky Clayton, a professor of comparative cognition at the University of Cambridge, presents her lecture, titled “The Evolution of Shopping Lists,” in Bartram Hall on Tuesday afternoon. In her lecture, Clayton argued that humans are not the only organisms capable of remembering to plan for the future. Courtesy to the AlligatorMembers of the Black Law Students Association pose for a photo after the UF organization won Regional Chapter of the Year for the third consecutive year. “I personally look forward to continuing that dent who will start her term as BLSA president Friday. IT WON FOR THE SOUTHERN REGION. By Angela DunnAlligator Contributing WriterWith each recognition, the Black Law Students Association continues to grow. The UF organization reclaimed its title as Regional Chapter of the Year for the third consecutive year, but this time in the large chapter category. Brian Lawrence, BLSA president and a second-year UF law student, said the southern region is the national BLSA’s most competitive region because of its many active members. It jumped from small chapter of the year in 2013 to medium chapter of the year in 2014. It also won the national title in 2013, when there were only about 20 members, Lawrence, 24, said. “I think for the last three years, at least, the southern region has won region of the year,” he said. The chapters are evaluated on their commitment to community service, alumni outreach and support of pre-law students. They initiatives, like AIDS awareness. can-American student to graduate from the UF Levin College of Law, returned to the university Friday night to speak to members of BLSA and the Josiah T. Walls Bar Association about his civil rights efforts through law school. UF’s BLSA chapter is named after Allen, who congratulated the members on winning Regional Chapter of the Year yet again. Lawrence presented Allen with the Trailblazer Award to honor him for paving the way for black law students today. Lawrence said BLSA at UF hasn’t historically been the strongest. Having a strong chapter is even more important with UF’s increased minority enrollment, he said. UF law student, said there are now more than 70 members in the chapter at UF. She said as the chapter has grown each year, it has become more active in the community. The 23-year-old will start her term as president of BLSA on Friday. “I personally look forward to continuing that legacy and continuing to make our chapter even better,” she said.UF BLSA wins chapter of the year for third consecutive year Weeklong arts and sciences lecture series continues todayEventsWednesday, 6:15 p.m. Bartram Hall, Room 211: “The Spoon Lecture” will feature a dancing professor and magic performed by Clayton and Wilkins. “If we do our job right, I don’t think you will think about a spoon the same again,” Clayton said. Thursday, 4:05 p.m. Physics Building, Conference Room 2205: “Ways of Thinking: From Crows to Children and Back Again” will feature Clayton’s discussion on comparative cognition. Thursday, 6:15 p.m. Fine Arts Building B, Room 103: “An Artist’s Life” hosted by Wilkins will explore how he analyzes the of our lives,” Wilkins said. Friday, 8 p.m. The Movement (1212 N. Main St.): “First Friday Papirusa Monthly Milonga” features community tango lessons with a $10 fee. “We need new ways of grappling with life,” Holt said. Saturday, 1 p.m. Samuel P. Harn Museum of Art: “Conversations Without Words: Tango, Contact and Communication” encourages discussion with tango dancing.CAMPUS 

PAGE 9

LOBLOLLY REOPENED; COFRIN TO CLOSE. By Chelsey Freeman and Conor SoperAlligator Contributing WritersOn Eighth Avenue between the planets and the trees lies the newly renovated Loblolly Woods Nature Park boardwalk, ready for bikers and runners alike. After being closed for almost a year, Linda Demetropoulos, the Gainesville Division of Cultural Affairs nature manager, said they repaired holes in the boardwalk and replaced side rails. The quarter-mile boardwalk is free to the public. UF junior Carley Reynolds said she is looking forward to going to the boardwalk and checking out the renovations. The 21-year-old environmental science major prefers Loblolly Woods Nature Park because of its proximity to campus. “It will be nice to have a bike path closer again,” she said. *** Cofrin Nature Park will soon close temporarily for structural repairs. Starting April 7, the park, at 4810 NW Eighth Ave., will be closed for a restoration project to the Beville Heights Creek, which runs through the park. The property contains a halfmile-long hiking trail, a playground for children and the Survivors of Suicide Memory Garden. The restoration project will keep the park closed until August, said Don Musen, a habitat naturalist for the City of Gainesville Parks, Recreation and Cultural Affairs Department. Musen said a lot of the damage to the creek is due to erosion that contaminates the water quality for anything that would naturally thrive in the creek ecosystem. “By stabilizing the banks and bringing up the base of the creek to a more natural elevation,” he said, “we’re hoping to contain and stabican overall improve the health of the creek.”By Ariana FigueroaAlligator Staff Writer An old face has returned to UF’s Student Senate. On Tuesday night, former senator and Budget and Appropriations Chairwoman Susan Webster was unanimously approved to replace the Senate seat for District A, which covers students living in the ZIP code 32601. The Senate seat became available when former UF Student Senate President Joseph Michaels resigned. Webster lost her College of Liberal Arts and Sciences seat to Access Party candidates during the Spring 2015 Student Government elections, as the party took all six CLAS seats. After Webster’s appointment, four senators recommended for committee seats were approved unanimously. Two resolutions were presented to senators. One was passed unanimously while another was initially objected. The resolution supporting Gov. Rick Scott’s Higher Education Affordability Act, which plans to make college more affordable through textbook sale tax exemptions and other measures, was passed unanimously. The resolution commending UF for protecting freedom of speech sparked debate when senators argued the university is required by law to allow free speech. Sen. Amanda Nelson, Access, disagreed with the resolution because she said it celebrated UF for following the First Amendment. “The implication is that free speech is a privilege that we should be thankful for,” she said. Numerous senators spoke in favor of the resolution, such as Sen. Janae Moodie, Swamp. “One of the things that makes freedom of speech so beautiful on this campus is it stimulates conversation,” Moodie said. The resolution was eventually approved.Chelsey Freeman / AlligatorPictured is the renovated Loblolly Woods Nature Park boardwalk on Eighth Avenue. The quarter-mile-long boardwalk is now open to the public after being closed for almost a year for repairs. UPD TYPICALLY ONLY GIVES BIKE TICKETS FOR LIGHT PROBLEMS. By Jaclyn ScottAlligator Contributing WriterAs the weather warms up, more students are hopping on their bikes. But with that comes the possibility of getting a ticket. Clark, who works within the commueither give the cyclist a UF ticket or UF tickets are usually issued for parking and decal violations. Typically, Clark said, the difference between giving a bicycle ticket versus a car ticket depends on whether the cyclist has a light out. If a light is out, they are issued a bike ticket. Otherwise, cyclists are issued a motor vehicle citation. Equipment citations are the only true bicycle laws, Clark said, which light. According to the 2014 Florida Statutes, all bicycles are required to have a front light with a projection of at least 500 feet, and a red light or reIf cyclists are new to UF, or it’s and educate the cyclist. moving violation, $252 for running a red light and $104 for a nonmoving violation, according to the UPD websuch as parking tickets, within the university cost between $10 and $30. Allyson Gill, the vice president of the Gainesville Cycling Club, said she thinks cyclists should obey the rules of the road just as any car would, but the two are different forms of transportation. “In reality, bicycles aren’t motor vehicles,” she said. Gill said cyclists often get pulled over even when they are not violating any laws. So, she suggests cyclists carry a copy of the Florida bicycle them over.Bicycles deemed motor vehicles, can be given car ticket Gainesville parks in stages of repairCAMPUSBy Eric HeubuschAlligator Contributing WriterThe Rowdy Reptiles have cheered their way to a Final Four competition for fans — the Loud And Proud Student Section of the Year. Organized by the National Collegiate Student Section Association (NCSSA), the competition pitted student sections from universities across the country against each other in a Twitter battle for votes. The winner, to be announced at halftime of the NCAA men’s basketball championship game, will win a trophy and bragging rights for their student section, said Jonathan Arnholz, vice president of the Men’s Basketball Rowdies. “It actually gives you quite a bit of credibility,” the 21-year-old public relations junior said. “It’s something you can put on your social media pages.” The Men’s Basketball Rowdies, the student-run group within the Rowdy Reptiles, was formed three years ago. Co-founder Lucas Dolengowski, now president of the group, wanted to unite the student section at basketball games. “One of our main goals, especially this year, was really making the in-game experience something memorable, something exciting,” Dolengowski said. To cast a vote, anyone can tweet #LoudAndProud and #NCSSAUFGators to rally the Rowdy Reptiles past other groups in the contest. The contest began March 1, and after two weeks of voting, the top 16 schools were chosen. On March 23, the top 8 were announced, then the Final Four were set Monday. The Final Four includes the Rowdy Reptiles, the ZonaZoo at the University of Arizona, X-treme Fans at Xavier University and the Red Scare at the University of Dayton, Arnholz wrote in an email. Arnholz estimates 2,900 tweets have been sent out in support of the Rowdy Reptiles. He warns, however, that retweets do not count, and that only one tweet per account each day is tallied. Dolengowski said he appreciates the acknowledgement and credits the success of the Rowdies to Student Body support for the basketball team, even through a lackluster season. “That shows how great The Gator Nation is and how supportive they are of what we do,” Dolengowski said. The top two teams will be announced after the NCAA Men’s Basketball Final Four games are completed.UF Rowdy Reptiles make Final Four of fandom competition“That shows how great The Gator Nation is and how supportive they are of what we do.”Lucas Dolengowskipresident, The Rowdy Reptiles STUDENT GOVERNMENTSenator who lost seat in Spring election back in UF Senate 

PAGE 10

Get that rent money rolling in. Place an ad in the Alligator Classifieds to get your place rented out. Call 373-FIND. SS & VA ARE WELCOME!Starting @ $375/BR All inclusive! Furnished Cable Internet Utilities www.campuswalk.co 352-337-9098 4-22-71-1 University Commons 4BR/2BA across from campus. $1300/mo. Includes hi-speed internet & cable. 1 year lease starting August 15th. Call 239-370-8735 4-22-15-36-1 Countryside 4 Bd/4 Bth beautifully furnished condo on bus route. Bball, vball, pool, spa and fitness room. $395/room, includes $50 utility allowance per/room. Fall occupancy. Jamie 561-338-5297 or jamie@zakarinlegal.com 4-22-15-22-1 starting Aug 15, furnished 4 bedroom, 4 bath, Condo 1-mile from UF on bus route, 3800 SW 20th Ave, W/D, kitchen, living, pool, all util included, $350/mo per student, 1 yr lease 352-586-6468 4-7-15-10-1 2 For Rentunfurnished Empty Space? Find your next tenants in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND to place your ad today! 2BR APT $475/mo 1BR APT $395/moSmall pet ok. 352-372-1201 or 352-213-3901 4-22-14-71-2 Deluxe, Large 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/ house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 352-538-2181 lv message 4-22-14-71-2 ELLIE’S HOUSES Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 12-11-14-169-2 Centerpoint 1220 NW 12 ST $470 1BR/1BA – 530 SQ.FT. Bike to UF through-tree lined streets or ride the bus located one block away! No application fee, most pets ok. E.F.N. Properties, 352-371-3636 or www.efnproperties.com rentals@efnproperties.com 4-22-14-72-2 RUSTIC SPRINGS CONDO 1923 NW 23rd Blvd. 1BR 1BA $599.00/mo. Fall Special!!Upstairs & Downstairs Avail. Close to UF & Bus Routes, Near Dog Park, Private Balcony, Quiet Neighborhood. Call (352) 240-9001 4-21-14-71-2 8 Blocks to UF!Large 2BR, W/D, island kitchen $700 mo. 352-505-5049 crosskeysproperties.com 4-10-15-40-2 2BR/2BA luxury condo, granite counters, crown molding, pool view, fitn ess center, lg laundry, W/D, screened lanai, 2013 carpet/ paint, Tower Rd bus rt, $875/mo, water/sewer/trash inc, 352-262-3291 4-22-15-45-2 May or August: Several Cute & Clean 1 & 2 BR vintage apartments near UF & down town, with wood floors, fans, & blinds. Rents: $465 to $1090. Call/text: 352-575-4395; www.CozyGator.com 4-7-15-20-2 Available August: Several Cute & Clean 2, 3, & 4 BR vintage homes near UF. Wood floors, C/HA, W/D. Rents @ $890-$1760/mo. Call/ text Anita 352-575-4395 Details: www. CozyGator.com 4-7-15-20-2 August: Cute & Clean Vintage 4BD/2.5BA house in NW behind Applebee's. Bike to UF/ Downtown. Wood floors, CH/AC, W/D, fans $1760/mo. call/text: 352-575-4395 visit www. CozyGator.com 4-7-15-20-2 2 Blocks to UF!Fully remodeled historic 1BR Granite counter tops, hardwood floors $700 mo. 352-505-5049 4-10-15-20-2 Studios 2 Blocks to UF!New kitchens, granite counters, balcony Parking included $575 mo. 352-505-5049 4-10-15-20-2 Luxurious Jackson Square2BR/2.5BA Townhouse Double balcony; One left! $1500 mo. 352-505-5049 4-10-15-20-2 $950 2/2 located at Campus Edge. MOVE IN SPECIALS FOR THE SUMMER/ FALL 2015! 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom Apartment with Washer and Dryer is only $950 a month! Call 954-325-6375 for special pricing. 4-2-15-14-2 LARGE 4 X 2 HOUSE Bike to UF. Travertine and granite bathrooms, cent ac/ht. Modern kitchen, garage, fenced. Landscape care included. Avail Aug 14th, 1 yr lease. No pets. 352-665-8166 5-28-15-28-2 2BR/1.5 BA Condo in Casablanca East. Close to UF/Shands, shopping, and on bus route. Quiet neighborhood, newly remodeled end unit, W/D, screened back porch, and Pool. Available Aug $825/month, tonyc@ kinetixpt.com 352-246-5958. 4-8-15-11-2 Charming house two bedrooms one bath screened porch large fenced yard central heat/air,washer/dryer 1123 NW 31st Ave Lease $750 dog deposit call 352 475 1586 /352 213 1963 4-3-15-5-2 Walk to campus. 2-story condo, Cresap Arms NW 15th St & 5th Ave. 2BR/1.5BA, furnished living & dining rooms. W/D, balcony off master. Covered parking. Avail Aug 8th. No pets. $1050/mo. Email: debramain@gmail.com 4-10-15-10-2 CAMPUS EDGE CONDO 2BR/2BA Walk to UF, Shands, Dental School, Pharm School & VA.. Tile floor, W/D in unit. Avail fall. Reasonable rates. 239-3001294 4-14-15-10-2 3 Subleases Don’t get stuck with an extra rent payment. Advertise your subleases in the Alligator Classifieds and save yourself some cash. Call 373-FIND.Need to Sublease for the Summer?Are you leaving for the summer? Do you need to sublease your apartment, room or house?DON'T WAIT!The last issue for the Spring semester will be on Wednesday, April 22nd.GET YOUR AD IN TODAY!Just go to www.alligator.org/classifiedIT'S EASY! 4 Roommates I’VE HAD IT WITH YOUR LOUD MUSIC! Is your roommate driving you crazy? Find a replacement in the Alligator Classifieds! ROOMMATE NEEDED Private br/ba. Close to campus in 2BR/2.5BA duplex. Near bus stop. $400/mo + utils. Gym, pool, free internet. Furn living rm. Avail now. Share w/male student. Call Rita 904-608-7609 4-1-1515-4 5 Real Estate Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUT PLACING YOUR AD THRU OUR ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373Find (373-3463) NEW CONDOS-WALK TO UFFor Info on ALL Condos for Sale, Visit www.UFCONDOS.COM or Matt Price, University Realty, 352-281-3551 4-22-71-5 6 Furnishings Got a new couch?. Sell your old one in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND (3463) to place your ad today. BED QUEEN $120 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 can deliver. 12-10-169-6 BED FULL SIZE $100 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352377-9846 12-10-169-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT $400 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1600. 352-3727490 12-10-169-6 BED KING $200 PILLOWTOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 12-10-169-6 Lane sofa recliner L-shaped with chaise. Chocolate, perfect top-end furniture. Great size for apt. $600 obo. 352-463-6609 4-25-6 7 Computers Selling computers, parts, or repair services or just looking for that new rig? Look in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND for more information. COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-22-15-18-7 8 Electronics Place an ad to sell your old stereo, cell phone, and more in the Electronics Section of the Alligator Classifieds. 373-FIND 9 Bicycles In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds 1 For Rent: Furnished 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 3 Sublease 4 Roommates 5 Real Estate 6 Furnishings 7 Computers 8 Electronics 9 Bicycles 10 For Sale 11 Motorcycles, Mopeds 12 Autos 13 Wanted 14 Help Wanted 15 Services 16 Health Services 17 Typing Services 18 Personals 19 Connections 20 Event Notices 21 Entertainment 22 Tickets 23 Rides 24 Pets 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise ‘’any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination.’’ We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimina tion in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. In Person: Cash, Check, MC, or Visa 1105 W. University Ave. M-F, 8am 4pm By E-mail : By Fax: (352) 376-3015 By Mail: Call 352-373-FIND for information. Sorry, no cash by mail. MasterCard, Visa or checks only. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. M-F, 8am 4pm When Will Your Ad Run? Ads placed by 4 pm will appear two publica tion days later. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds or credits for cancelled ads. Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M-F, 8am 4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Corrections called in Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NOON for the next day’s paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. Online: 1 For Rent furnished 2 For Rent unfurnished 2 For Rent unfurnished 3 Subleases 6 Furnishings 

PAGE 11

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2015 ALLIGATOR 11 UF Surplus On-Line Auctionsare underwaybikes, computers, furniture, vehicles & more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: SURPLUS.UFL.EDU 392-0370 4-22-14-71-10 Goats for Sale & Horse Boarding 7 miles to UFCharlie 352-278-1925 4-22-71-10 11 Motorcycles/ Mopeds Alligator Classifieds is the way to get your 2 wheels on the road. Show off your bikes, scooters, and repair services. Call 373-FIND to get your classified in. 4-22-14-71-11 NEW SCOOTERS 4 LESS Great Scooters, Service & Prices! 118 NW 14th Ave, Ste D, 336-1271 Vespa, Genuine, GMW, & More! NS4L.com facebook.com/newscooters4less 4-22-14-71-11 SCOOTER REPAIRNew Scooters 4 Less has LOW repair rates! Will repair any make/model. Close to UF! Pick-ups avail. Cheap oil changes!! 336-1271 4-22-14-71-11 SCOOTER RENTALSRent for a day, week, month or semester. Now renting Buddy scooters too! 352-336-1271 www.gainesvillescooterrentals.com 4-22-14-71-11 Campus Scooters Mobile Sales and Scooter Service. We offer free estimates on all repairs and we come to you. We also have new scooters starting at $799.00 Call us today at 352-263-0425 4-22-71-11 12 Autos Unload your lot. Sell your cars through Alligator Advertising for cheap. 373-FIND or place your ad online at www.alligator.org/ classifieds We Buy Junk Cars Trucks, Vans Titled only Call KT 352-281-9980 or 352-215-3191 4-22-71-12 SUNRISE AUTO SALES NO CREDIT CHECK!!! 6 MONTHS TO PAY DOWN PAYMENT!!! 352-375-9090 4-22-71-12 SUNRISE AUTO RENTAL ALL VEHICLES 2014 3630 N MAIN ST www.carrentalsunrise.com 352-375-9090 4-22-71-12 SUNRISE AUTO RENTAL EASY TO RENT!!!! NO CREDIT CARD REQUIRED! www.carrentalsunrise.com 352-375-9090 4-22-71-12 GET INTO A VEHICLE $100 & UP PAYMENTS YOU CAN AFFORD 6 MONTHS TO PAY TAX, TITLE, & REGISTRATION FEES 352-338-1999 4-22-71-12 WE BUY CARS!1 DOES NOT HAVE TO RUN ANY CONDITION!! $300 & UP!! 352-338-1999 4-22-71-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES ALL VEHICLES $0 DOWN! NO CREDIT CHECK!! NO EMPLOYMENT CHECK! 352-338-1999 4-22-71-12 CASH PAID $250 AND UP!!!ANY CONDITION-RUNNING OR NOT!!! FREE TOWING & SAME DAY PICK-UP NO TITLE NEEDED. Call 352-259-2020 4-2214-71-12 91 Chevy Caprice Wagon $999 95 Toyota Camry $1250 88 Honda Civic $1250 95 Pontiac Bonneville $1300 352-338-1999 4-22-71-12 02 Dodge Intrepid $1750 92 Nissan Maxima $999 95 Pontiac Bonneville $1300 92 Ford Crown Vic $1999 352-338-1999 4-22-71-12 97 Ford Contour $950 00 Dodge Intrepid $1300 92 Toyota Camry $1750 91 Chevy Blazer $699 352-338-1999 4-22-71-12 WANTED: JUNK & USED CARSUp to $1000 & more paid. Free pick up. Call 352-342-7037. Also buying ATVs & UTVs 4-22-15-16-12 13 Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money. UF GRAD PAYS MOREfor gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds, guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell! Call Jim 376-8090 or 222-8090 4-22-71-13 St. Francis House is a homeless shelter and soup kitchen located in downtown Gainesville, and we are looking for help from volunteers like you. St. Francis House depends on monetary support from individual donors and community businesses in order to help feed the homeless and the hungry.If you are interested in volunteering,please contact Candice Jones at (352) 378-9079 or sfhcoor@stfrancis.cfcoxmail.comTo make a donation by mail,please send checks payable to St. Francis House P.O. Box 12491 Gainesville, FL 32604 The American Cancer Society Road to Recovery Volunteers Needed!VOLUNTEER DRIVERS NEEDEDto transport cancer patients to treatment. Flexible schedule. Training and liability insurance provided. Please call 352-240-5062 if interested. CASH PAID $250 AND UP!!!ANY CONDITION-RUNNING OR NOT!!! FREE TOWING & SAME DAY PICK-UP NO TITLE NEEDED CALL 352-259-2020 4-22-14-71-12 VOLUNTEERS NEEDED I AM BLIND & WOULD LIKE HELP WITH: Rides to church: Mass at Queen of Peace. Learning to rake knit hats to send to Haiti & other places. Call 352-219-6948 4-3-14-73-13 14 Help Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money. Student Positions Available Evening Newspaper ProductionThe Independent Florida Alligator Editorial Production department is now accepting applications from students only. Applicants should be available evenings between the hours of 6:00 pm and 11:00 pm. Production duties include page layout and design. Experience with Adobe InDesign is preferred, but not required. A one-year commitment is expected. Must be available for the summer semester. Fill out an application at the front desk of The Alligator, 1105 W University Ave, M-F 9 am 5 pm. Include available work schedule and references. No phone calls or e-mails, please. Previous applicants are welcome to reapply with current schedule. EOE 10 For Sale 11 Motorcycles/ Mopeds 12 Autos 12 Autos 13 Wanted 

PAGE 12

12 ALLIGATOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2015 Assistant Production ManagerThe Independent Florida Alligator, the largest student run newspaper in the country, is seeking to hire someone for the position of Assistant Production Manager. This position is responsible for: supervising the nightly activity of the production department working in coordination with newsroom staff responsible for meeting 1:00 a.m. deadline for submissions to printer. Candidate must be extremely knowledgeable in, and be able to train others to use the following: Adobe InDesign Adobe Illustrator Adobe Photoshop Stock Image Sites Responsibilities also include: Hiring Firing Training employees Maintaining balance between career staff and editorial staff Work hours are 5:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m., Sunday through Thursday. Fridays and Saturdays off. Great work atmosphere. Modest salary. Email cover letter and resume to tcarey@alligator.org to be considered for an interview. No phone calls please. EOE. Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and computer science needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/employment 4-22-1471-14 ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIED ADSGET THE JOB DONE!REACH MORE THAN 50,000 READERS EACH PUBLICATION DAY SBSG is a financial transcription company offering part-time work. Create your own schedule Competitive Production-Based Pay Close to campus! Must be able to touch-type 65wpm Apply Online: www.sbsgnv.com 12-11-14165-14 DOMINO"S HIRING Delivery Experts & Assistant Managers & Future Managers. Drivers earn between $14-$17 per hour. GMs earn 40K-50K+. Apply at gatordominos.com 4-22-1548-14 $100 PER NIGHT GUARANTEEDSW 13th St Domino's hiring delivery drivers. Closing drivers earn $100/night + . Apply at store or at gatordominos.com 4-22-15-48-14 CHORES XL a study at the University of Florida, seeking volunteers age 20+ to look at how much energy people burn while doing common activities like walking, washing dishes and doing laundry. Compensation provided, 4 visits. Free parking. Call 352273-5919. 4-1-15-10-14 Immediately hiring Asst. Mgr & FT employ ees for consumer durable goods retail store off of Tower Rd. Drug-Free workplace. Must be able to lift up to 75 lbs, stand for extended periods of time & work weekends and evenings. Send resume to gnvretailhrdept@ gmail.com 4-2-15-10-14 Summer Tutor. Teach a 10 year old girl basic English and math to help her transfer to the US education system. Experience with children and reference required. ~20hr/ wk, $12-14/hr. contact Lilyc569@gmail.com 4-2-15-8-14 DATA ENTRY/CLERICAL POSITION Full or Part Time Wanted Please apply in person 5609 SW 64th Street Veterinary Experience Ideal 4-16-15-14 Help Wanted: small lawn and garden. Two times each month.call 352-384-3998 4-3-5-14 Opus Coffee We are searching for fun and active students to work 12 to 30 hours per week at a fast paced coffee bar near campus. Starting wage plus tips = $12.00/hr. To apply, go to our website opuscoffee.com, click on the employment tab on the bottom right, and follow the directions. 4-10-15-10-14 Housekeeper/driver Needed 2 days a week/3 hours a day for a family in NW Gainesville near SFCC. Must like cats and dogs. Please email your resume or information about yourself to: altacct@yahoo.com 4-3-15-3-14 B.A.S.S. is seeking graduate or undergraduates in psychology, special education, or related fields to work with individuals with developmental disabilities. Interest in behavior analysis, diet, and/or exercise is a plus. Please email Mark at lister@behavioralsupports.com for more info. 4-6-15-4-14 15 Services Do you have a business that provides a service? Place your ad in the Services Section of the Alligator Classifieds for as little as $2.50 per day. Call us at 373-FIND. Want to be a CNA, phlebotomist or pharm tech? Express Training offers courses, days, eve, weekend. All classes live, no videos. Call 352-338-1193 or expresstrainingservices.com 4-21-14-71-15 Need Aggressive Lawyer?SiddiquiLegal.com Private Experienced Affordable 4-22-14-7115 I’VE HAD IT WITH YOUR LOUD MUSIC! Is your roommate driving you crazy? Find a replacement in the Alligator Classifieds! Want to be a CNA? Don’t want to wait? Express Training Services now offers a CNA class which can be completed in one weekend. Perfect for busy college students. www.expresstrainingservices.com/ww 4-2214-71-15 US IMMIGRATION ATTORNEYMarriage & Employment Greencards, Naturalization, H1B Visas www.ruthimmigrationlaw.com 4-7-30-15 DRUM LESSONS!!! I am a professional drummer & graduate from the Academy of Contemporary Music in London offering in-home drum lessons or beginner guitar lessons to people of all ages. Contact jameseverett6@gmail.com 4-1-115 16 Health Services HIV ANTIBODY TESTINGAlachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app’t (optional $20 fee) Tired of Mood Altering Chemicals?Let us help you.Learn a new way of life. No Dues or Fees Local meetings on a regular basis. For more information please call Narcotics Anonymous uncoastna.org 352-376-8008 HIV ANTIBODY TESTINGAlachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app’t (optional $20 fee) 19 Connections Want to make a connection?Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love 20 Event Notices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! 21 Entertainment Get the party started! Place your Entertainment classified today to get people up and about. Call 373-FIND. WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Vintage & Unique Like EBay in 3DSat & Sun www.WaldoFlea.com 10-24-17-21 Trying to get to and from somewhere? Want to cut back on that gas bill? Place an ad in the classifieds to find trip arrangements or show off your bus and shuttle service. 373FIND 24 Pets Furry, feathery, scaly...no, not your roommate...pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. Because Cats Don't Understand AbstinenceOPERATION CATNIPSpaying/Neutering Free-Roaming Cats Borrow a Trap / Make a Clinic Reservation Make a Donation / Volunteer New Expanded HoursLots of NEW info athttp://ocgainesville.org/ 25 Lost & Found Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone who’s lost what you’ve found. Call 373-FIND. SAY:"I FOUND IT IN THE ALLIGATOR!" 14 Help Wanted 14 Help Wanted 15 Services 18 Personals 23 Rides 

PAGE 13

By Ian CohenAlligator Staff Writer @icohenbFlorida needed more. In the sixth inning, it got the chance. After back-to-back hits from Dalton Guthrie and Richie But three straight outs the Gators had nothing to show for their highest-hitting inning of the game. tion. different times, and just three Florida starters recorded a hit. hander Alex Faedo allowed six hits and three runs before beand striking out three batters. out. Follow us on TwitterFor updates from tonight's UF softball game against North Florida, follow Patrick Pinak on Twitter @pinakk12. Shannon Gilroy was named week for the second-straight week. Junior Carly Ross was also named to the conference's weekly honor roll. Gators in the NBAThe NBA regular season concludes April 15, and 11 former Gators are likely to earn a trip to the playoffs with their respective teams. Read the story on page 16. Jordan McPherson / Alligator StaffRichie Martin hits the ball during Florida's 7-4 win against Alabama on Saturday at McKethan Stadium. No. 4 Florida fell to No. 10 Florida State 8-3 on Tuesday in Jacksonville, with the Gators posting a meager .188 batting average in the process. FOOTBALLBy Jordan McPhersonAlligator Staff Writer @J_McPherson1126 lian. McMillian said last week that he looks Notebook: Inexperienced linebacker showing progress GATORS PLAY EIGHT OF THEIR NEXT NINE GAMES AT HOME. By Luis TorresAlligator Writer @LFTorresIII With a schedule that has been jamthe Florida softball team found itself with just one game: a midweek matchnent North Florida. UF softball returns home for midweek against UNFMerritt FSU topples UF 8-3SEE SOFTBALL, PAGE 15 SEE FOOTBALL, PAGE 15 SEE BASEBALL, PAGE 15 BASEBALL 

PAGE 14

By Justen Rosenberg Alligator Writer @JustenRosenbergThe Gators women’s golf team will look at the Briar’s Creek Invitational as they tournament this weekend in Greensboro, the Gators saw a slight rise in Golfweek’s A win this weekend will not only re when Florida claimed victories at the Betsy Rawls Invitational and the Florida Chal coach Emily Glaser has made sure the golf “We have to take each week and each tournament go out there (and) leave it all on the golf course,” Glaser tices have been awesome, the chemistry of the team is very has come on strong as of late naments in sixth and second nal regular season event as a Gator, which comes at a course in which she has had her abilities as she heads into this week “She needs to go out there with a good mindset and let her talent take over, be boro this weekend, we’re headed in the Justen Rosenberg / Alligator WOMEN’SGOLFAARON HERNANDEZ MURDER TRIALKRAFT STATED HERNANDEZ SAID HE WAS NOT INVOLVED IN MURDER OF ODIN LLOYD By The Associated Press England Patriots team owner Rob nandez told him he was innocent when asked if he was involved in of Odin Lloyd, who was dating able on the stand, even when he the address of Gillette Stadium, When asked what he did at Then, asked if he ran a busi Revolution soccer team, then the ters, which were covering the in in a weight room working out and “I understood there was an in wanted to know whether he was er that comes into our system, family, and I wanted to get him That he was innocent and that he der incident came out because he dez was at a bar earlier in the eve ning, then drove to Boston with Later, he saw him one last and thanked me for my concern,” lion contract with the Patriots signed because he was “a very triots’ director of security, Mark “I asked him why he’d law from the record and instructed “Our practices have been awesome, the chemistry of the team is very good.”UF women’s golf coach 

PAGE 15

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2015 ALLIGATOR 15 Jordan McPherson / Alligator Staff Jordan McPherson / Alligator Staff Shelby Duncan. McClelland leads UNF with nine home runs on the season, which equals the amount Lauren Haeger and Taylore Fuller have for Florida. McClelland also leads the team in batting average (.419), RBIs (29), total bases (77), slugging percentage (.733) and on-base percentage (.500). Duncan leads the Ospreys in hits with 50 and is second on the team with a .394 batting average. pitchers and their combined ERA is 3.33. For UF, its three pitchers have a ERA of 1.55, while their opponents have a 7.12 ERA. ranked team the Osprey’s have played this season, UNF did play one game against Kansas — a 1-0 loss. Florida beat Kansas earlier this year 7-1. “Good players, they got some good kids on their roster and some good statistics and they’ve played a good schedule,” Walton said. Walton was quick to praise UNF coach Marcie Hickey for the job she’s done since she took over in 2009. Entering this season, Hickey had 169 wins in her career as the Osprey’s coach, which makes her the winningest coach in the program’s 22-year history. The team has also had at least one player receive postseason honors in each of the last six seasons. UNF didn’t have much success before Hickey was hired to take over the program, but she’s been able to make the program competitive and respectable. “They’ve competed well,” Walton said. “With a plus record and I say that not to slight them, but in the past before Marcie (Hickey) got there, they were a below .500 team a lot.”SOFTBALL, The Seminoles went up 2-0 in the third inning after D.J. Florida began to show signs of life in the fourth. On a 3-2 wall that would have left McKethan Stadium. Instead, it dropped into Truluck’s glove for the inning’s second out. As Bader walked back to the dugout, he gave a nod to Tobias, who walked past him into the batter’s box. And after taking two balls, the senior crushed a fastball The Gators trailed 2-1. FSU’s Danny De La Calle hit a solo homer in the fourth, increasing the lead to two. scoring a runner from third. The Seminoles increased their lead to 5-1 after an RBI single from J. Delph six pitches later. FSU scored three runs in the seventh after an RBI single, a Brett Morales walk that scored a runner from third and a Florida scored again in the ninth inning after Buddy Reed grounded out to second base, sending Bader home from third base. JJ Schwarz grounded out to the shortstop to score one more popped up to shortstop to end the game. Next, Florida will travel to Missouri to face the Tigers in a three-game series beginning on Friday at 7 p.m. “It’s disappointing to lose the game tonight, but the fact of the matter is we just got beat,” O’Sullivan said. “We’ve got to move on and we’ve got to get better.” A radio broadcast contributed to this report.BASEBALL, Powell out for Spring Brandon Powell won’t be seeFlorida head coach Jim McElwain said he plans to hold the sophomore running back/wide receiver out from live drills for the remainder of Spring practice while he recovers from a foot injury. for an orthopedic shoe, which he will wear while playing, McElwain said. “They’ll do a really good job and make sure that, kind of a preventative measure more than anything,” McElwain said. Powell saw action in 11 games last season, gaining 217 total yards (70 rushing, 147 receiving) with two touchdowns.Can Jacob Guy be the guy? While UF’s starting quarterback battle looks to be between Will Grier and Treon Harris, McElwain said Monday he’s seen strides from walk-on quarterback Jacob Guy. Guy, a fourth-year junior, had a relatively successful prep career at Dade City (Fla.) Pasco High. In his senior year, Guy set Pasco County records for passing yards (2,672) and touchdowns (42). “He’s a guy that’s getting a little bit better,” McElwain said, “and there at the end, just an overall understanding of what we’re trying to accomplish.” McElwain said Guy, as well as redshirt junior Skyler Mornhinweg, have made the most of their practice reps, but the quarterback group as a whole still has room for improvement. “With as many reps as our guys get, they get an opportunity every week, every day to see themselves “I think one of the things we need to do at that position is we need to get our feet set quicker. ... You’ve got to get your feet set, have a play and execute the play. Get the ball out.”FOOTBALL, UF baseball coach 

PAGE 16

By Patrick PinakAlligator Writer @Pinakk12 Before the seventh inning of Sunday’s game against Mississippi State, the Gators looked like Starkville on the brooms they were going to sweep the Bulldogs with. But like the Wicked Witch of the West, they melted. Freshman Aleshia Ocasio, who started the game, struck out 10 and didn’t allow a run to cross through six innings before surrendersingles and a three-run of the 5-3 Florida loss. Though coach Tim Walton had both Lauren Haeger and Delanie Gourley ready in the bullpen, he left Ocasio out there because she looked good all game and his relief pitching has been poor of late. “It’s hard to even really go away from her,” Walton said. “At that point in time, she had 10 strikeouts and I think we had two outs and two strikes three or four different times. To be honest with you, it didn’t really cross my mind that much.” Ocasio has allowed six home runs this season, which leads the staff. Four of her allowed homers have come in the seventh inning — including a go-ahead grand slam to LSU in a 14-10 loss on March 14 and the walk-off homer to Mississippi State.Florida offense lagging in clutch situationsIn Sunday’s loss, Florida batters left 11 runners on base and had three two-out basesloaded opportunities where they failed to score. Walton said it was tough seeing his offense not capitalizing on those situations. “It’s very frustrating and that’s the key,” Walton said. “Getting a two-out RBI is the key to winning games.” The Gators’ .149 average with runners in scoring position and .202 average with runners on base in Southeastern Conference games is the lowest and third lowest in the conference, respectively. Junior Kirsti Merritt said she and the batters need to work on hitting more line drives and hard ground balls in situations with runners on base. “Personally, instead of trying to go for the long ball and hitting what said, “maybe just going for a base hit.”Haeger could be taken in draftHaeger could be playing past this year if she’s selected in tonight’s National Pro Fastpitch draft. Walton said he’s sure she’ll be drafted and that she wants to play in the NPF. “She pitches and hits, and she’s gonna bring great value to anybody that drafts her,” he said. 16 ALLIGATOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2015 GATORS IN THE NBABy Graham HallAlligator Staff Writer @Graham311Those anticipating a basketball letdown following NCAA’s March Madness can look to the professionals for relief. The NBA regular season wraps up April 15, but numerous teams are looking ahead to the playoffs. Florida fans may also have a vested interest with as many as 11 former Gators hoping to hoist the Larry O’Brien championship trophy in June. In the Eastern Conference, the Atlanta Hawks have secured the No. 1 seed in the conference and will have home court advantage until at least the NBA Finals, barring elimination. Al Horford won’t know whom he’ll be trying to keep out of the paint just yet with as many as six teams potentially landing in the No. round. Mike Miller has been a minimal contributor at best this season with the East’s No. 2 seed, the Cleveland Cavaliers, and his role may only decrease in the playoffs. Joakim Noah looks to be fresh for the playoffs, as the Chicago Bulls’ management has placed a 32-minute restriction on him for the entirety of the regular season. The Bulls, currently the No. 3 seed in the East, should have guard making them a dangerous matchup 6 seed in the next two weeks. Bradley Beal must hope Washington lands the No. 4 seed, yet the Wizards sit three games behind Toronto for securing home court adUdonis Haslem will make another trip to the playoffs with the Miami Heat, currently the No. 7 seed. If seeding holds, Haslem and the Heat would face former teammate LeBron James and the Cavaliers in what would arguably be the most inIn the Western Conference, David Lee and Marreese Speights have provided necessary depth that has trenched as the No. 1 seed. They’ll likely play the depleted Oklahoma City Thunder, who are without star forward Kevin Durant for the remainder of the season. Nick Calathes should provide backcourt support for the Memphis Grizzlies, the No. 2 seed in the West. Calathes is averaging 4.2 points per game in 51 games this year, slightly lower than his career scoring average. The Grizzlies would face the No. 7 Dallas Mavericks, who signed Chandler Parsons in the offseason, if the season ended today. Corey Brewer, who was traded to the Houston Rockets midway through the season, is likely rooting for a seeding shakeup as the No. 3 seed Rockets would face the San Antonio Spurs and two-time NBA round.Jordan McPherson / Alligator StaffAleshia Ocasio winds up for a pitch during Florida’s 4-1 win against Illinois State on Feb. 21 at Katie Seashole Pressly Stadium. SOFTBALL 
