
PAGE 1

r Vol.'I v U K University of Florida, Gainesville, Wednesday, A pril 8, 1l1dS No. 24 JUSTICE WHITFIELD SPEAKS TO LAWYERS GOves Interesting Talk in Law College about State Legislature--Gives the Law College and Its Work a Big Boost. Justice J. N. Whitfield of Florida Supreme bench, treated University law students to a short dress in the Law Building Friday ternoon. His talk was an informal one, dwelt primarily with the proper the the adatand way to get a statute through the Florida Legislature and still keep within the law and the constitution. After giving the fellows a short but complete outline of this important phase of a lawyer's future life, he exalted the high standard of work which the Law College was doing, and declared that the Supreme Bench was .atching Florida men, both as to standard of legal work, and as to a standard of morals and ethics, he emphatically stated that they wore more than satisfied with both. His closing theme was "In no other school, as in this one, can the future Flonida )awyer prepare himself for his noble life work, the preservation: BATr'LE RAGES ON CAMPUS RIFLE RANGE The call to arms has sounded, and as a consequence the University Bat-. bta on the hils and lowlands nar the ay of tet essential elements of thetd1o i present day style ofconflit are rising and mutb suied b iy conTecadets must go to the theater of war in the wee hours of the morn ing, unsuitained by th lud bare o trumpets or the regular roll of drums; but by reason of a friendly spirit of* antipathy that prevails between the different companies which compose the battalion, the wild passions and excitement of coniit are there, but! in a somewhat modified form. Substituted for the cold, muddy and dismal trenches of France and Belgium the battalion have nice clean holes in the Florida sand to play in. These holes amid their quiet surroundings would be like a bit of Heaven to the "Sammies" and "Tommies "over there.", a These same "Sammies" and "Tommies" are so used to the shrieks and moans of the shrapnel shells, that the lesser noise of some of their comrades whistling rasps on their nerves, and woe be unto the poor "rooky" who should sing a few stanzas while the worn out soldier attempts to snatch a beauty sleep between engagements with the boche. Regardless of the fact that most of the sordid horrors of modern warfare are absent, the fact remains that the University Cadets are getting LAW PROFESSOR GIVES TALK. tow, where he delivered an address boosting for the Law College and the University generally. JOHN MARSHAL WINS0 The chapel room in Ag. Hall was a scene of much excitement last Monday night, when the John Marshall Debating Society defeated the Farr Literary Society in the inter-society debate. The question was a most interest-. ing and important one, resolved: that all the expenses of the present war should be met by' an immediate tax rather than by bond issue. The affirmative was championed by W. P. Jernigan and 0. H. Norton and the negative by S. L. Scnuggs and A. P. Marshall, of Farr Literary and John Marshall societies respectively. Mr. Jerniga'n in his opening speech attenz4ted to show the iajustice of the, Bond issue, and gave an eloquent plea for justice arnd fair play. Mr. Scruggs, first speaker for the negative, refuted several of the affirmative points and showed the impossibility of the Im-. mediate tax, he declared that the bur_den of proof was upon the affinmative to show beyond a reasonable doubt that an immediate tax for all the expense was best for all the world. Mr. Norton, second affirmative speaker in his own peculiar, masterful style of delivery, proved that the bond issue was a great evil and a burning injustice, as it caused high prices and inflation, he closed in a style common to all good debaters. Mir. Marshall, last debater on the negative side of the question, in fiery: words befitting an orator waxed warm and grew eloquent, pretty phrases and flaming terms fell from his lips, much as lava might flow from a volcano, he declared that the bunglesome plan was proposed and hacked by the socialistic element and to adopt it would mean the death of a true Amerjean democracy. The judges in a few minutes handed down a decision 2 to 1 in favor of John Marshall Debating Society. The next inter-society debate will be April 15th when the John Marshall Debating Society debates the Peabody Club. the question and sides are yet to be decided upon. AGRICULTURAL CLUB Last Friday night the Agricultural ARMIES OF BIRD S TRAVELING NORTH FOR THE SUMMER Feathered winter visitors fold up their tents and steal away. Agricultural student reports an army of blackbirds on the Farm. Dewey Dye. As we watch the mellow light of the sunset filter in a flood of glory through the disks of shadow under the stately pines on the campus, as we scent the air redolent with the fragrance of many flowers from the wild honey suckle along the northern fence, as we sight the earth bulging and rich with coming life, we are filled with wonder, and realize that spring with all it. joys and pleasures is here. But these joys and pleasures cannot fill the void which is left by the migration of the countless thousands of our feathered friends of the woods who after spending the winter with us are leaving for the far northland. Out in the country and edges of the town, where planted sweet corn and Georgia chicken corn are c the best of the season, thousands of migratory bir annual pilgrimage to the ni fying themselves for the I An ag. student after a around the e millet coming there dson t orth, fo ong H visit to the arny and into are heir ,rtight. the miniature plantation on the farm reports the presence of wonderful flocks of blackbirds, and farther out on the Experiment Station farm there are large coveys of the birds which become pests at this Season of the mer. They sometimes inflict serious damage upon the early crops and the only rebate the farmer is able to collect is from the birds he can kill with his shot gun. The "four and twenty blackbirds" of fame, celebrated in the famous Mother Goose classic, are not a circumstance in the matter of juiciness and flavor, it is said by student marksmen, when compared with the bunch that makes the campus a winter home before the trip to the far north. Mless Hall djp'ers who have tried them declare thit the birds make the finest pot pie, and they bemoan the fact that, in their wisdom (?) state fathers have seen fit to hibit their slaughter. These birds that escape the slaught of the farmers' musket the more modern shotguns of students, will be singing in the swamps of the Carolinas within next few months. They become fatter and finer there and less lant, often and are darkies of able to trap the or the proonand the rice the even vigiplantations snare them, just as they and their white temporaries made a getaway with fat and juicy squabs which the ('hap raises in the fond hope sometime he will be rewarded by eonthe city that the Thusnd o teniigratorv birds find inter home and a nestlimt senm :tropica I zore are go ertnmnent pits yves, zvrefufl;: patroiltdi The" "n"y v ret under these conditions becomes so tame that the bird x;.rtenna pat texii .sia it chickens. SUBJECT SUNDAY OF DEAN H. R. TRUSL.ER Deals with all Phases of His Subject-Both the Judicial and the Extra-Judicial Admiiistration of Justice Considered by Dean. Last Sunday, Mareh 25th. Dean Harry B. Trusler delivered to the class of University students studying the race problem, a comprehensive ad-. dress upon "The Negro and the Administration of the Law." The subject was divided into two parts: one the icddcdal ad, cwo, dwe 4ecaLCdicial administration of the law as it relates to negroes. As a Droper back' ground for an understanding of the first part of the lecture, attention wvas called to the function of the jury, the importance of evidence and the ste's necessary to set the machinery of the law in motion. The law respecting negroes as jurors, segregation, peonage. marriage, convictions, the ballot, and civil rights generally was stated and the conclusion dnawn that impartial justice to negroes was aministered by the courts. In man instances, the speaker pointed out, special leniency in law enforcement, due to the tolerance of society, was enjoyed by negrol. In order to explain the extra-judicial administration of the law, Dean Trusler demonstrated the wisdom of political and social tutelage for inferior peoples and praised the statesman ship of the South in handling the negro problem, saying it constituted a chapter of notable skill and acumen in legal history. The evils excoriated by critics were shown to be inherent in the situation, the Southern white people being no more responsible for them than are the armies of the Allies responsible for temporary reversals. The ballot, education, segregation, white jurors and other matters were considered, and the conclusion reached that the white people of the South are the best friends the negro race possesses. Radical sos1ial theorists were shown to be the worst enemies of the colored people; and hasty innovations in the relationship between the races were deplored, since intc this relationship, based on practical and exact knowledge, has gone an enormous amount of experience and thouirht for many irenerations STUDENTS REVIVE PASTIME OF PIONEERS APRILFOOLS DAY Old timiet from the M1anatee section attempts to throw a wet blanket oser spirits of the happy throng-Ancient days lived over. 1 nmversit V jesters rItireI I tis honoi d custom .\limndtv u han t: > celebrated Lut Lr lI Satan Ut dlay, for such April Fools I is m ic rpu te to e ln zikfoul outheir lriends alid ntighbors. Tie was an alluring pastime adi waPartmcipate~d in bx a large number of students arni also by several "s'%eet young things' from town. Ancient tricks galore, and several clever ones were pulled in mysterious ways on the unsuspecting victims, from the hackneyed string and pocket book hoax, to the threadbare old gag about your new shoestring being untied. Howls over the campus; from tinfortunate dupes who had allowed the exbilarating effects of the balmy sprmng ozone, to get tbe better of their lower extremities and thus in an unguardc? nimonent ailoi, ed them to connect with the moth eaten stove pipe hat which was too firmly anchored to mother earth by means of a large brick; awaked a pleasing trtnn of thought and reverie in the minds of certain old timers, who remembered the days before the quietus was placed on hazing when 'kick me" placards were the rule and not the exception. "Things are not what they used to be" they recited in unison. Bomne of those same old timers deelated that nothing in the way of diversion ever has been discovered to equal the old dumping parties which were open and aboveboard without any attempt at "foolish foolmng" as they called the present attenmpta at levity *It is averred that these "woe be unto the rat" parties were very popular in the pioneer days of the urnversity, when terrorizing was the sport of those who were able to come out on top in the darby fight for supremacy, mob justice was cheerfully and gleefully doled out without regard for persons But there are those who are contrary. and a cynical grouch from the valley of the Manatee remarked that he would just as willimgly go to war and sleep in mud up to his neck with German shells lulling him to Mleep, as to return to the old regime, and finish school In the capacity of a corpse, Leaders in the April fun enterprise scored a sutess when they put nto execution a happy thought by enlisting a be' y of pretty girls to help along a little. Gamncssile girLo art good fudge makers andI are noted for their winsome beauty anid nary jfraM There were several carst t 1 r 

PAGE 2

The intelleetnai feast of Fniiay night and Monday were characterized bey a S. STEIN -SETH C LAD KSON DEWEY DYE .LOFTON BROWN S. W. DALTJN Edtor in Thief Managtag E.2tcr Aiat Mzz Et-or ___ Loct. Edttor AT e~n E or K. C. HITCHCOCK Extrnange Ettor Beanes Depfartent V .DE VANE .Manager LLOYD Z. MORGAN Anst Eras. Mgt D) V. RJJUSE .culaton Mg, Entered a ecnd-an matter Sqpteiktr 28, 1912, at th. poetofflce at GaiitsnIle. Fla., under &he Act of .Plact aR crsmirntior.s and rnew) its in tore, 4*egnted for that purpose in Peatofy and Language kate--The ond. Amgttor, S1% I EDITORIAL night -pirit of grcd w:1I and entrau ;aam bet Aen the particiraft,, argues hopefully for U. *iebatofg which c: F's future, a-d th ftr cf the.* young met. m trne wor d ut action and in a. trne relato of life. Trhe randsome and crt.y low:ng cup is offered by the faculty to trnat society which fir4t -ucceeds in winig over alb the otner societies cutive recipients cherish years. fir three conreThe rxctornou of this Lt in the cup y ears to come, and tme beautiful trophy A Il be deposited in a piace of -aMe keeping where it wih serve a. arn inspiration to the 'outr -s wr~o go forward greater trimgs in future \earn-nri 9F-NAINOLE .3 ACb2>' )N V IL. ~: Eu s~:--A 1' Cr A' I. I II J. B P:ND, President w i1 be liberated to work on jobs m')re pertinent to the present ait uat ion. We as students are also going1 to profit by this law in wavs than one. more It is a mat ter of common experience, especially with us in the South, that the carsy morning hours tr.e most r.eautiful, ecu mnvlgratsng of '.n. in the -utrfler, are by farf ref reshmg the entire at least. It C;:vG. .D y. laarr Grade Tailor Ner -aMcac.t s Druq Surr Fellows. .,mn.j umer:. ra tomcand se ., CLEANING. Phone 511 I B I ~ 9 ii -----------I m ten that w&e are in the beAt and Monday of Iast week when the Club was victorious over the Benton Engineering Society, and the John Marshall Debating Society was victorious over the Farr literary Society-. They were the first two of the series of four inter-society debates that have been scheduled for possession temporary possession of the Peabody Club. It is an honor to win a debate. There is as much honor and glory, and probably more really lasting benefit to win over a strong opponent in a battle of brains, as there is in a struggle on the wrestling mat or on the football gridiron x here brute strength i.s relied upon primarily to win the contest. It re'jujres many weeks of hard, grueling work to prepare a debate (in oration properly, arid the amount of time, thought and effort which it is necessary to expend upon the delivery and mode of presentation is no small item. The inter-society and society debates and oratorical contests are to the intercollegiate or varsity teams what the training schools are to the army proper -they are its very life and substance. Each depends urwn the For the purplzrt or cltar.; and forcefully brnging to our atternt.on mne exact situa::on, tr.e Entente powers and tre U nited States may be collectively resented by a strong man,. the Central powers by another man. These two are engaged in a life and death struggle with each other forcing every available bit and advantage. Let moment consider oi lookers, speculating outcome of the terri into play of trength us for the irselves as to onthe' ble comn Obviously, that one who is the more skilled and the stronger Will conquer. Either one will be at just so much disadvantage as even the smalleAt organ or tissue oi his bodly may te weak, ineffective, or useless. So it is in this war. We individually, you and I, are the important ever -mall, :ran inte.&ttually to .---jnl, ar.d to recite. A. armer part of the -.ntn its languishing coming influence master our nlor.C -. t-:dctonr >r 3:.When the 1 LAC day come, me and over-:1 to make us repdrowsy and lazy, a phenomenon and too familiar to us all to need degreater portion of our tasks already performed. SAgain, that intensified the setting of the sun will us at our books preparing lessons keenfind our for the morrow rather than in the anticipation of or the realization of supper, which rejuires no mental effort. There is one other thing that ought to be mentioned in regard to efficiency. matter of current. This concerns the conserving electric As we have already pointed out a nation cannot be efficient unle>m its citizens are integral part> howefhtcaent, each and every one. We of this nation. crica can be no more eflcient an thi, w arz or, indeed, activity, than each citizen>, -nustnot take this daylight ut zation measure as a license Lilito an any other oe more careless about turning the average of efficiency. Y our deficiency and mine count just as much as that of the boys "over. there. To be sure, their gles are spent directly enerOppO5m our enemies and ours only Jg: m~ of equal re, our "efficiout our light> when we leave our rxgns. In fact we can make this measure a greater success by our co-operation. Every for a few a friend, Ec de ;'--. -teni tor tr.-tIr rnt Ot ur cQ4Tntry. Yuu *a. Cdined .J[4,n I) di -c i.arid UtaMl (~4 the the b.g tUiC., and :-j& day-. The rnegro problem Ithr ken Af thr I a o ufe CA trnese issues: -It 1 espetiluy ',tita in the South. your hands. T It vpiazed The South In' wi: gain in strength, wisdom and purity only to the extent you are able to -cope with tius negro problem successfully. You. Florida students, University of who do not take advantage of every ,-n r~r.r '.,1Jl-]-JLI' tunity tohimprove ourknol lution are slackers from duty. You are as much Jlackers as the man who hide mn the Earglades to escape tie draft. Th Suday afternoon on 1*1 K. T ot La -.,>t.: r a-----4 --~ -r,. ~. --.---.-. I --' SC 'C~n -4.--,--'~ .-~4 .4 the race problem which aredelivered in lieu oft A. -crvace-, I y should e ry unliX errlt V he 'V. 4. C. be attended 7 t~ P. i Oy ni'e a meantfl to I) n en-! arre .that -tlr\:&t tr, me41s d'-o-ition o: uhe 1egi tion in te >011th. Y'u. calle i upon to efct trj arget-~ and madt Important moulding the plastic part life of th In 1 I__ nation, and especially that of the South. >ervice fighting You "ill b to America, rendering a and her t~** '4\ Br Umlenl) of FldJark-.fl1H il. IadqcarlerFriday I -f opporlecture, nation, and especially that of the 

PAGE 4

I -' aharI~ flat lenaw 1w heart the list of these advertisers w. Or-., sn. s-as---. ---Burnett THE Clothier Watch the middle word grow larger each year N UFF SAID S. Bodiford Drugs, CIGARS T oilet & Co. Articles AND CONFECTIONERY I ____ I Alachua Restaurant Gainesville's Best The place where the University boys The Jniversity Florida GAINESVILLE the North an vEas A Faculty of the Broadst Sholasi and Highest Training from the of "mrc an uo Sts fHighest Moral, Intellectual and Physical Development of the Nation's Future Leading Universitie Citizens. Let Me be Your TAILOR. Hand tailored clothes that we tailor represent maximum values at mninimnum prices OTTO F. STOCK GO TO NEW YORK RACKET For the latest in Collars, Ties and Shirts WE SAVE YOU MONEY West Side Square The White House Leading Hotel I When you tire of the same old meals a very day, at a price you can afford. LI. F. students board with with us regularly LANG'S GARAGE W C t AFCC tfl ~ I I' J.e eat Gainesville's lNOLNAR'S try one Di of 
