
PAGE 1

Pu)bI-.edhCy m Communpcation, InVc o G.,IImVI, Fnda MONDAY, APRIL 2. 1990 American slang baffles foreign students.9 Gators near new TV deal. .20 UF names Kruger basketball coach By MIKE DAME Aligator Staff Writer Only the sharpest of college basketball aficionados will recognize the name. Lon Kruger. 37. who led Kansas State University to the NCAA Tournament each of the past four years, was named UF's 16th head basketball coach Sunday night by Athletic Director Bill Arnsparger. Kruger's contract reportedly is worth $1.5 million over a five-year period. If the Cators receive NCAA probation, the contract, like that of football coach Steve Spurrier, will be extended for two years. "As we solicited and reviewed names for our position, ton was always mentioned as someone who we would be very fortunate to attract," Arnsparger said in a news release. "His name has appeared among the list of the nation's top coaches for the last several years. "It would be safe to say that Lon's name is near the top of the collegiate list when it comes to listing individuals who combine basketball coaching ability with leadership and citizenship characteristics." In hiring the new coach, Arnsparger lured Kruger away from his alma mater where the young coach had gained a reputation as one of the college game's most promising talents. Kruger's four years with the Wildcats produced a combined 81-46 record and an NCAA Tournament berth each year. Kruger's 1987-88 squad ranks as one of the Wildcats' all-time best, as it compiled a 25-9 mark and came within one game of reaching the Final Four. The Wildcats posted a 17-15 mark this season. But according to recent reports in the Topeka (Kan ) Capitol, Kruger had been frustrated in see Kruger, page 11 El Salvador protest ends with arrests of 2 protesters By BRIAN STENBERG Alligator Wrter Two protesters who spent Saturday night in the Alachua County Jail said they weren't surprised when UF police officers arrested them for blocking the entrance to Van fleet Hall, headquarters of UPs ROTC program. "Almost everybody goes to jail," said UF student Scott Weinstein, a protest organizer who was arrested following march against racism and U.S. support of the government in El Salvador. The march began outside the Institute of Black Culture on West University Avenue. Weinstein said the arrests reflect a trend at UF to jail ant-racism protesters. Since 1985, 44 protesters have been arrested forengaging in civil disobedience. UF police officers arrested Weinstein, 32, and Paul D. Fertig, 25, after three protesters imitating members of a Central American death squad executed the pair with toy ou.chine guns. After falling to the ground in front of the building's entrance, Weinstein and Fertig said they wouldn't move until today. Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen warned thetwoimenthatttheyhadfiveminutes to leave or they would be arrested. As police officers escorted Weinstein and Fertig to a waiting car, some of about 75 protesters chanted, VROTC today, guilty tomorrow." A group of about seven protesters met at the Pill Saturday evening to hold a vigil until Weinstein and Fertig were released. But after two hours of sitting, Pete Self, who also helped organize the event, said the protesters were bored and went home. Self, who spoke at the protest as a representative of the National Association for the Ad. vancement of Colored People and the Student Coalition Against Apartheid and Racism, said "a Anat, pae U Jury convicts Brazil of murder Defense attorneys to appeal life sentence By DUANE MARSTELLER Alligator Staff Writer After hearing three days of testimony in a trial that at times resembled the plot of a soap opera, a six-member jury took less than an hour Friday to find Derek Vernon Brazil guilty in the beating death of a UF maintenance worker. The three-man, three-woman jury deliberated 50 minutes before convicting Brazil, 26, of first-degree murder and robbery with a deadly weapon in the Oct. 8, 1988, beating death of Edward Fulmer, 41. Brazil, who sat quietly between his lawyers for most of his three-day trial, bowed his head slightly when the verdict was read. His parents showed no reaction when their son was found guilty. Across the courtroom, Nina Fulmer the victim's wife who testified that she was in love with Brazil and had a sevenmonth affair with hint -broke into loud sobs and was consoled by family and friends. Despite a plea for merry from Bril's mother, Circuit Judge Robert Cates immediately, sentenced Brazil to life in prison, with no chance for parole for 25 years, Cates also gave Brazil a 27-year sentence, to be served at the same time as the life sentence, for the robbery c arge. Prosecutors contended that WOs SU? Brazilpretended to love Nina Fulmer they were a to get money from her. When her money .wasn't a very con enough for him, Brazil repeatedly struck Edward Fulmer in the head with a pipe to steal his wallet. The verdict came after testimony by expert witness, who examined blood samples and fibers that Uinked Brail to UNIN WNE4N --LLIGATOR Derek Brazllrght, was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life In prison last Friday. the Shady Oaks Trailer Park mobile home where Edward Fulmer was beaten. Cates and lawyers for both sides expressed surprise at the speediness of the jury's verdict. priced that ble to come tic/dy. It was rplex case! Robert Cites Circuit Judge '1 was surprised that they were able to come back that quickly," Cates said after the verdict. "It was a very complex case." Cates said testimony by Nina Ful. mer -whose conflicting testimany to police origfinally made her a suspect In the murder -made her "not an easy witness to follow." Defense lawyer Steve Scheck, in his closing arguments to the jury, strongly hinted that Nina Fulmer may have killed her husband, prompting her to leave the courtroom in tears. However, prosecton said the jury believed Brazil was the one who hit Edward Fulmer with a 2 1/2-foot long metal pipe. "I think the jury looked at the evidence," Assistant State Attorney James Nilon said. "I think that they considered whether she was a viable suspect or not, and obviously they determilned beyond a reasonable doubt that she was not." After Brazil was sentenced, defense lawyer George Hendrick asked Cates to overturn the jury'sverdict on the basis of more than 20 points of law, but Cate denied the motion. Scheck said the case willbe appealed to the 2nd District Court of Appeals In Tallahiaee. the independent florida .WZ a A ---N1o If IcIaIV aBoca6dw th h.U pr, IV Flada VOLUME 83, NUMBER 131 Kruger 

PAGE 2

2 AIJIGATOR. MONDAY.APRJ." 2, Ita .a* .---ace ..d .J Nerds and geeks gain clout The Society of Nerds and Geeks, which was founded at Harvard University in October to encourage the school's library to remain open 24 hours, is spreading across the Northeast, according to the National On-Campos Report Dartmouth University now has a chapter designed to "make people more receptive to the shy person" and push for "a 24-hour cafe where students can eat and study late at night .away from the constant partying." Cornell Universflty, and Amherst and Claremont colleges also have expressed interest in forming SONG chapters. J19 suspended for computer fraud The University of Tennessee Office of Student Con duct suspended 19 students and put 111 on probation Carib.: The Caribbean Student Association kicks off Caribsa Week with an Expo at the Plaza of the Americas today at 10 30 Call Ann Marie Henry, 378-3871 Human factors: Te Human Factors Society Student Chapter will meet today at 5 at Shands Hospital Room DGII5 Call tis-Ann, 392 0601. NOW: The Campus National Or ganization for Women will meet tonight at 7 at Kesl's Coney Island Call Joyce, 336-0940 or rica. 3747222. Apartheid: Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority invites everyone to learn ** ** *** ** ** ****** a& 35 for complete cl ANna Unlyir. y t7edo volume 83 fraud case, The Officials said more than 200 students obtained access to a computer password that allowed them to drop and add classes that already were full, or drop classes after the deadline. Jerry Askew, dean of students, said "rngleaders" in the scheme were suspended indefinitely Li Student president arrested for DUI Only three days after signing the new Clemson University alcohol policy, Student Body President William A. Blackwood was charged by university police with driving under the influence alcohol. The Tiger reported. Tests found that Blackwood's blood-alcohol level was 0.16. the legal intoxication level in South Carolina. 'Two days ago, I made a stupid mistake, one that will never be repeated, but one for which a price must be paid. Blackwood said when he resigned his post. -EIJZABETM CLARKE more about South Africa tonightat 7 in the Computer Science and En. gineering Building Room 121 Call Valerie, 335-2868. Art: The Artitnrium will have a meeting tonight at 7 30 Call 3359796 Circle K: This service organization will meet tonight at 8 in Reitz Union Room 334 Call 395-7772 Film: Tbe Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Gainesville will show Romero tonightat7-30at the Fellowship on 43rd Street. Call 373-D903 Easter gifts: The Gainesville Jaycees are collecting canned goods and small toys for the needy for AFROBICIWEAR ARRiVIWNFRMALL POINTS Of THE GALAXY DAILY w4Iig Rgflcy Pligl iAlal oiv N|.' a oai.,.v1. 'Iii.,a FIIn**e 3tre*4O Easter. They also need monetary donations and sponsors to fill baskets Call Alberte Meade, 495-9562 or the Jaycees, 376-9836. Film festival: The Israeli Feature Film Festival presents Late Summer BWa.s Tuesday night at 8:30 in Turlington Hall Room Loll. Call 3722900. Football: Te Tolbert Hall staff presents Steve Spurrier Wednesday night, April 4 at 8. Call 395-9349. Crisis: The Alachuas CountyCnsis Center is looking for new Crisis Line Counselors. Fifty hours at training in Suicide and Crisis Intervention is provided. Call 372-3659. I FREE Wokout wi~hthiId I rmonth 1,1St Imemrshi $10 1 Year 90 ISSN 0889-2423 doVt A th TREE 37100 ,our ., ..aIra. gear an e' number 131 the independent florida alligator Not olifilctay associated with he Unaysry of Florida Pubnhd by Campus Commumcai'on. ic of Gainesville, FL Edlor Lucy Criais Al 011cI00 Kndy ROAIach Maag'rg Edilo' Maiy Sheddn Ap1.u. Ednor Dww.M Rtigan Nl mdo,,, All AlE rq San Copy DalCha Jon ,s Dan SiringerFdr, C.Ja I Dornic Ltrariw Alo wnMctod FSatveI Ed.' w Mcral Browm On Stalt Gei (oInhe Ma* Bus.el, Mae Dr p.otA rd I., SEnPi. oel Gross Data fl*. Sra Chriaty H~i, ot,ioii i I' Sol' 5b, RO1 (flk Dua. Jiudy A Plurnrt sor Ed sAoon Dati, .an sohi,., E An, Stoddrd Ka.n WAl.l. Ompiay Adverling 37s.el2 ClaaaffildAdnrramg 'FuIld Advrliig Dri ITcia Car.y ClaSild speior Sawnn Kochiar I.1 (,l It~dm~ anis L Moe Presentsk~, Sail, DmI.ul.en DnAid.,mr Prodl cioManager Monet, Helsed, Proroilons Sale% Cooodinator Pam.1 SIrn Assetant Ploducnin Man0r, Sarah Ofer Adwri.g Ptodielen sp irn Ch,,n. Farber Cynia A Pal, %.e flpn1nhAt Re.ot A RoN 0 E Ae "r, ChiIah.rEani -C A.4l Ade Produ,.on Supervise' Anne Sock Leon. Joalr' JodL Me1,. Jams W Moaty AdvelirsTypasaiirm Pael, F'doe Davdair KacIlls Pamner Obrishna t Savalca Paui Saro Edtrial ProduvtonnSprvi. Vai ohthn Kelneh J tayor Aa.,tanl Ediorlial Proud04Mn Sid.,riiom. R.diul Oche, twonis Tarquino gusinesa 57-644 S.n. .a C Ban, 0.-,n CAnirollr Vi'gi Carroll Op.'alion.Mnar w alleWoom Prola ora, M.age Dolors Moynahan Cimlao Manlg. JoniCorra A.counil faltadicNavghl The ndflemdant nordeA~igeror.a .iudrntn 'oaorer'mg he Lrniyarlilv otFlond. pubihhed byt non 004! 50' iCR3h aduuator.I oroaniinn a iar elmp F 'orda wducatmornal nMutior mnde 5s 21200 Carus Commun,uiamnn. Inc d 0 Bo 142s1 Gainum1lI, FL 32804 The AmIMr., PubiShedMonadyrhrovghi2ridayl mofflgs ocepldirngooldynandaMmal.d. DurinAguF rmmrw,acwnc.rma ThAtfleisoublished Tnedda. a,,d Thwrday The Atll'o. rar 1n.ter th IAmslcnndNersap iPha erA.ocaien Frda Pr.Assclaion and Souha Univsr.ey Nanspapa gubaeerpin Ra D0o S~evtr iFall ospro] 515 In Sematr (FaIl r San) m Survw Smteri a8n00 to Ye leds.n.r.l 13500 the A hm1 t r aice d ara t c, ad at 0 1 UIrNc ntey A id CS a a ad adn ino ean bI placed at (mat caM r, Iram I a lot p I n M oay Aflro Frda0 .cep tfo $loldays CIaaitmd can ale bt ]aerd am lh UF Canpa Shap amd Ioek.Ier. he Hut Shands 91:a01,0 Ifshws Alol Ih, Retl Lin Ocoyrghi 1900 AJI rgie raqnd N petond ri he Afl*Int, ayb produoud in anfr n.MswlhOuthU Ufitan anenflawcmnofinfootCanroua Cowonc~tm7 '"Ma I Jill I..~II | ~ EYEGLASSES& & Frames from Motpanfinm $4our I EYEGLASS EXPRESS iil jl [--N I i -. r Be one f. FREEGLASSES Buy one pair at g e pa or a aI | of cntact le fir FREE. I II .EYEGLASS -O. .iwe Al a Ad *XR ll *tmani l*~~l cCon!evt Le.-n. 1$20s00 OFF I Any Complete Par a I of ]Eyeglasses MiEYEGLASS _oee ems EPi ESS A RE-, a Contact Lens I *.NA & aaa Cotw aito 99:8 CIBA Daily Wear SpheresI zgEYEGLAS I-EXPHESS~.rEi. N ft 9M AVIM -WASSI -'I The Few, The Proud, The Super Donors Donate blood four or more times during 1990 and be a Super Donor. Local sponsors proudly recognize the commitment and dedication of our Donors! Super All Super Donors will automatically be eligible for drawings held at the Super Donor Social during January 1991 (National Blood Donor Month). te pizes include. *European vacation *Funes membership *VCR 19" color television %many other prizes Make a lifesaving commitment by donating four times a year. Itt REGIONAL BLOOD CENTER. INC 1 1 NofiliNsii n l I G M Fr r one s l 7170413'7791 San. advc~ tat your broccoli anyway. frOA~SO(A4V~~9 CAMPUS NEWS last month in a drop-add computer Daily Beacon reported. WHAT'S HAPPENING 

PAGE 3

MONDAY. APMdL 2, ]9'0. ALLIGATOR I Browne working to fulfill campaign promises By DEBBIE CENZIPER Alligator Writer Student Body President Michael Browne has been in office for 25 days now, and he has already put some campaign proposals in motion Browne met with UF President John Lombardi two weeks ago to discuss increased campus lighting, a plan Browne calls 'Veins of Safety." According to the plan, lightswillbeplacedatpopulated points on campus, such as the Reitz Union parking lots, the commuter lot and several libraries, creating trails of increased lighting and safer walking Browne said Lombardi was "very recp live" to the plan Lombardi could not be reached for comment "Safety is my main concern," Browne said. "We can't correct all the lighting on campus at once We don't have the funds for it But we want to have a main path students can walk on that branches out." Browne,who said he already contacted groups including the Brown Florida Student Association, Campus Organized Against Rape and Panhellenic Council, said the next step is to do a prioritized hghting survey of campus. Although there was a survey done last year, Browne said the surveyors didn't decide which TreJs needed the most lighting Browne said he wants to put an amendment on LF's Capital Improvement Trust Fund budget request as quickly as possible so the new lights can be installed, possibly by fall, Another of Browne's projects -polling students on campus -will begin in the next few weeks, he said. Browne said he wants to poll students to find out how they feel about such issues as racism, academic advisement, the environment and teacher evaluations. He then plans to print the polling results for both Student Government and college deans "We're gonna take the tough issues and find out how students feel about them," Browne said "SG is supposed to act on how students feel Browne's new course guide executive director will also begin working on an improved course guide, which will inform students about grade distribution, pop quizzes and test averages in specific classes. Browne plans to have a completed course guide by fall drop-add "It will be designed to let students know what they're getting themselves into when see Brown., page 12 Slippery when wet Alan Ebeling, a senior in aerospace engineering, gets a face full of suds on his way down the slip-n-slide at Broward Beach Saturday. The event was part of Residence Hall Week, which continues throughout the week. Electric fan blamed in apartment fire By MIKE BRUSCELL Alligator Staff Witter A UF student's portable electric (an caught fire early Friday morning, causing about $20,000 of damage to five Oak Forest apartments, Gainefvyfle Fire Department officials said. ne 12-inch fan probably caught fire after It fell from a table in finance student Amy Brownlee's bedroom, Gainesville Deputy Fire Chief Will May said. An unknown object appalently kept the fan's blades from turning, causing a spark and fire that gutted the second-floor apartment at 3301 SW 13th St. it completely destroyed the room and the hallway where it started, along with the contents," May said. Other rooms in the three-bedroom apartment suffered heat, smoke and water damage. Several feet of attic space caught fire, and fourother apartments received minor smoke damage, he said. At 1:51 a.m., Gainesville firefighters arrived at the complex after Brownlee, 22, and her two roommates, UIF students Scott Mastej, 21, and Phil Schulz, 22, couldn't put out the fire with the extinguisher in their apartment, May said. Attacking the fire through unburned attic space, flr-fighters put out the blase In about 10 miniuta, assistant Fire Chief Richard Williams said. Instead of trying to fight the fire themselves, the roommates should have called the fire department, May said. He said smaller extinguishers, such as the one used, usually don't put out prolonged blaes. However, May didn't know when the fire started or how long the three tried to putItouL Schulz said hecahlled 911 about two minutes after waking up and noticing the fire. Dispatchers received the call at 1:46 am., a press release stated. The 12 Oak Forest residents who were forced out of their apartments received shelter from the local Red Crom, May said. Committee OKs switching tuna By NICOLE SEED Alligator Writer UFs Food Service Advisory Committee decided Friday to support switching to a more expensive, "dolphin safe" brand of tuna after protesters said buying the current campus tuna supports dolphin killings The switch would raise the price of tuna sandwiches on campus by 32 cents and tuna salads by 34 cents. Gator Dining Service Director Wes Miller said even with the tuna sandwich price increase to $2 65, other sandwiches, such as roast bedf, ham and turkey, still cost more. "fhe tuna sandwiches would actually be 2 cents less than the other sandwiches we sell," Miller said The Committee will send a letter supporting the change (o Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen this week. Miller said if the change is approved, Gator Dining Service would be serving Tongol tuna within three weeks. Miller will meet with tuna task force co-director Eric Botsford today to coordinate displays to explain the price increase to the public Some members of the committee wored that supporting the ban would invite other activist groups to demand more boycotts in the future. Committee member Louis Gentry said students who negasee Tuna. page 12 Minimum wage hike to benefit students BY PAT"ICIA LEE Alligator Wnter Many students who have jobs on campus found their time was worth 45 cents more each hour when they returned to work Sunday. when the first phase of a federal law raising the minimum wage took effect. Te lowest official hourly wage allowed in the United States was raised from$s3.35 to $3 80 an hour The new rate, the first increase since 1981, will be boosted to $4.25 an hour in April 1991. For many students employed through the College WorkStudy Program, the increase means financial aid money will be awarded more quickly. "It's great news for the students. It makes it easier for them to earn their award,' said Sid Holloway, assistant director of student financial affairs. 'Me CWSP, a need-based form of financial aid, provides students on-campui jobs -many of which pay the minimum wage. Students work toward totals determined from infonnasee Hike, page 12 correction Spotted and spinner dolphins are killed during yellow-fin tuna fishing. 7he Alligator reported otherwise on this page Friday. 

PAGE 4

IAULIAVR, MONDAY, APRI1-2, I9o) ELSEWHERE Sudan reviews U.S KHARTOUM, Sudan (UPI) -Iaders of Sudan's Islamic military have reviewed a U.S proposal to end the country's seven-year civil war and pronounced it "acceptable," a published report said Sunday. The peace initiative introduced by the U.S. assistant secretary of state for African affairs, Herman Cohen, aimed at "bnnging the viewpoints of the feuding parties closer," the Alsudan Athadeith daily said. Col Mohamed Alamin Khalia, a member of the ruling Revolution Command Council who already has led two unsuccessful rounds of peace talks with Sudanese People's Liberation Army rebels, told the newspaper the U.S. plan was "acceptable.0 The United States is currently waiting for an official reply to its proposition, the paper quoted the U N. Troop levels in Eu WASHINGTON (UPI) -U S. trooplevels in Europe could be cut to as low as 75,000 by the end of the decade. Sen. William Cohen. R-Maine. and former Defense Secretary Harold Brown said in remarks for release Monday. The two men made their comments while briefing reporters on a new study, "Changing Roles and Shifting Burdens in the Atlantic Alliance," written by a bipartisan group of politicians. academicians and former military leaders The study, sponsored byTheJohn Hopkins Foreign Policy Institute, calls for gradual but far-reaching reductions in conventional and nuclear forces in Western Europe in light of changes in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union. The study said the United States should abandon plans to upgrade the lance short-range missile in Europe and initiate negotiations with the Soviets on short range nuclear weapons as soon asaconventional arms pact is reached "I don't think we're (members of Congress) going to be supporting the follow-on Io Lance because of the strong opposition (from West Germany) I think it's unlikely that we will have it," said Cohen, the ranking Republican on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence Police crack down o NEW YORK (UPI) -Police slammed shut 23 more illegal social clubs early Sunday, hoping to prevent a repeat of the blaze that asphyxiated 87 young partiers last week at a Bronx social club. The crackdown came as the bodies of 48 victims of the fire arrived in Honduras, the impoverished Central American country many had left in search of a better life in the United States. Otherbodies have been flown to Puerto Rico, Ecuador and the Dominican Republic. A special police task force has issued vacate orders to a total of 346 illicit clubs since a sweep by the city began last Sunday, said Officer Anthony Mazzola, a police spokesman. Happy Land itself was issued a vacate order last fall for numerous fire code violations, but managed to stay open by falling through the cracks of regulatory red tape. The Cuban immigrant accused of torching the club in a fit of jealous rage was indicted Friday on 174 counts of murder by a Bronx grand jury. Julio Gonzalez, accused of the wont mass killing in U.S. history, was charged with 87 counts of seconddegree murder for showing 'depraved indifference to human life" and 87 counts of felony murder for arson. ne indictment also charged Gonzalez with two .peace proposal ambassador to Sudan, James Richard Cheek, as saying Sudan's Islamic military government seized power last June and has continued to fight the ongoing seven-year civil war against the nation's southern, black rebels who are mainly Christian. Earlier attempts at peace talks in Ethiopia and Kenya last year collapsed over Khartoum's efforts to impose Islamic law, or Sharts, which Christians and other non-Moslems in southern Sudan reject as violations of their basic human rights. However, southern rebel members said in Cairo last week they were ready for a third round of peace talks and were flexible on all points in order to find common ground with the Arab-led Khartoum government. rope may be cut The administration is seeking funding from Congress to modernize the Lance short-range missile despite opposition from West Germany, where the missiles are based. The administration has also set a limit, or floor, for the reduction of U.S. troops in central Europe from the current 305,000 to 195,000. The study said, "President Bush's proposal to reduce U.S. and Soviet forces in central Europe to 195,000each, with the UnitedStatesretaining thenght to station 225,000 troops throughout Europe, should serve as the immediate goal of U.S. policy. "Such a treaty should be signed during 1990 and Implemented by the end of 1992," it added. "In the meantime, the United States should refrain from unilateral reductions" The study did not address future U S. troop "is in Europe following the Conventional Forces in Europe treaty that is expected to limit each side to 195,000. But it was agreed that more would be withdraw. "My own personal view is that something in the 70,000 to 80,000 (range) is feasible for late in the decade, depending on what the other arrangements; are, how many German troops there are, how many Soviet troops remain in Eastern Europe, said Brown, a Democrat who worked for President Jimmy Carter n illegal social clubs counts of arson, one count of attempted murder and one count of assault. Relief workers, meanwhile, said the real tragedy of the flire has only now become apparent. Many of the Honduran immigrants were sending money back home, and those families will now have to make up for the loss of theirprimary breadwinners, said Ken Curtin, director of Disaster Services for the Red Cross of Greater New York. "We're trying to deal with the special needs of people notonly in the Bonx, but also those supporting families in Honduras," he said. Particularly upsetting, he said, were the cases of children who had been temporarily placed with friends or relatives in Honduras while one or both parents earned enough money to bring them to New York. "There are children In Honduras, teen-agers, who were planning to come to New York to be with their parents." Curtin said. "Now they're in temporary homes staying with relatives," ne Honduran Red Cross and Catholic Charities wereorganizingrellefefforts in HondurasCurtin said, relieving his organization of some of the reconstructive burden. 'ilis has been a very intense week,' he said. ..: .....2 0 ALLIGATOR AD VErT SING 376-4S Student Volunteers Needed for Fall Career Expo September 14, 1990 Hardworkmg and dedicated students iterested in gaining experience and getmng acquainted with potential employers can volunteer to help coordinate the Fall Career Expo, set for Sept 14 in the O'Connell Center Applications are currently being accepted for the following committees Arts & Graphics College Relations Computer Services Correspondence Employer Packets & Name Tags Registration & Reception Hosts Freight and Display Women's & Minority Forum Parking and Transportation Publicity CRC Support S P HENOC C -.-N .T-E -R Interested students should contact the Career Resource Center at B-I of the Reitz Union for an application Rh est Bar-BC4 In The Word Sunday Monlday Chi~kcat All Day Yunuda Thursday Alt You Can EaUtyBakCO BarB8O Rib. Includes dS t rench Rims Cole Slaw &. Catlec Tasnt star, at 4.01 Liarne l Whomjiii fal Sptial Ind Catering C& 6 6 Nlm.r. n' Available 75" NEWBERRY RD. 11 33--75 OAlltbuCn. -t'r5Jim Ill L i kn COUIE MAJORING IN Ae 16ham Pflese Discover a challenging rewardIng future that puts you in touch with your skills. Today's Air Force offers ongoing opportunities for professknal development with great pay and benefits, normal working hours. complete medical and dental care, and 30 days vacation with pay per year. Larn how to quality as an Air Force health professional. Call USAF HEALTH PROFESSIONS 205-279-3lfl Station-ib-Stab. Called 

PAGE 5

MONDAY, APRIL 2, AWJGAJR,5 Photos By E. Ann Stoddard (From left to right) Annie Wong, the coxswain, keeps the rowing synchtonized and sets the pace for Cathy Peck, Chris Kohm, Ellen Dommy and Carol Catron. I( 'I w 'fl~; ii I11 Above: This practice for the women's varsity four team began In the aftemoon with the setting sun n a backdrop, but acsme practices begin before sunrise at 5 aM. The Up crew team Is considered a club and receives funding from student Government The next regatta will be In Melbourne on Apri 14th and 10schools will be competing. Right: Carol Catron grimaes s the team strives for top rowing speed. ThIrtyfive women participte iIn the Up freshmen and vanity crew teams. The crew progr began five years ago but did not bene corr petitive until the last two years. The women's coich, John Grant, Is a graduate engineering student who sowed at Cornell. He began caechIngduudng the Fall of 1989 and thinks UPS tean has excelled In the last two semester. I 

PAGE 6

6, ALGATUR MONDAY, APR[l 2. 1990 OPINIONS Snipping hairs At least two Florida companies are taking the matter of drug testing straight to the top -of your head. Barnett Banks Inc. and Blockbuster Entertainment Corp. will test potential employees for drugs by snipping off about 50 I-inch samples of their hair, liquefying them and testing the liquid for drugs the same way they would urine. The process involves analyzing the core of a hair strand where traces of a drug may be embedded. Experts like this test better than urine tests because they say it is less intrusive and provides a longer drug history than urine tests, often revealing drugs taken several years before. The tests, new and improved or not, are still intrusive and violate privacy. It is no one's business if a worker chooses to take drugs, just so long as that use does not interfere with job performance. If drug use interferes with job performance, then fire the employee based on job performance, not on drug usage. We aren't talking about jobs that people trust their lives to, such as pilots. We are talking about the guy you rent your video from or the woman who cashes your check. Doing drugs on the job is one thing. A boss has every right and responsibility to ensure productivity and fire those employees that are not producing because they are impaired. But prohibiting people from employment be. cause they took drugs months before is ridiculous. Out of control Police in a suburb of Dallas decided March 15 not to file charges against a man who shot and killed another man he saw murder someone else. Copy machine repairman Todd Allan Broom, 25, said he watched a man murder a woman in the parking lot of a mall March 14. Broom shot at the man's car as he drove away, hoping to disable it, then fired at it again. The second shot struck the man and he died at the hospital. "'There is such a thing as justifiable homicide," Irving police Capt. Travis Hall said. Even though police didn't file charges, the grand jury is going to review the facts. By not pressing charges, the police are telling society that killing someone you see committing a crime is perfectly fine. Brooms committed a murder. How does he know the man wasn't killing that woman because she had just killed someone else? Or what if someone else had seen Brooms kill the man and decided to shoot him? Civilians should not be permitted to carry guns around in the street where an impulse could cause them to use it in a crime or to harm someone. Almost 250,000 people died during the 1980s from handguns. Gun control does not mean prohibiting gun sales. It means setting up a waiting period so sellers don't sell to convicted felons. It means prohibiting the sale of semi-automatic weapons. "My life is a mess now," Brooms said in 7e New York Times. "I could lose my job, everything I own. I don't want to lose my gun. I paid dearly for it. I don't want my gun marked up. .I love that gun." That's what frightens us. alligator Editor Lucy Chabot Managing Editor Mary Shedden Opinions Editor Tonys Sutton Lete policy ne. 4 m a Mi Wnerd Thy w eSslostid *w nId sfl, ; am& wiana m e WWdt M. Wine Mi 375411 Jeep repairs are far from cheap I love my Jeep. That is, I loved it when I bought it seven months ago. I worked three jobs over the summer to save for it. My Dad saw how hard I worked and wanted me to have a Jeep so badly. He wanted me to have a car I wanted, a fun car. Now is the time for time for me to have a Jeep, I told him, being in college in florida. I spent all my money on the jeep leaving me with none for school. So I had to work at school. But it was worth it for ry Jeep. It was worth it that is until it started making sounds. And leaking oil. Then the speakers were stolen. But all that was nothing compared to my engine. On my tip hone to Atlanta for Christmas Break, it died. It had acted up on and off for awhile One mechanic told me I had an exhaust leak but everything else was fine and charged me $5 to drive my car. Another suggested it was the catalytic converter and I just needed to drill a hole in it Goodyear fixed my oil leak and adjusted the carburetor All that time, money and trouble was a waste They were all wrong. My Jeep is an 86 CJ7 with 40,000 miles on it. I bought it in August of 1989 for $6,800. It wasin good condition and our mechanic gave it the thumbs up. I took the best care of it that I knew how. I checked the oil, fluids and tires. I had the oil changed when needed and brought it in when it didn't drive well. Five months after I bought it the engine died. I'm told it was because there wasn't oil in the engine and it burnt out. Mechanics swear that it was just wear and tear and these things happen. Wear and tear cost me $2,500. It took a month for them to rebuild the engine For all that money I could have bought a new Jeep or a new anything else for that matter. I till love driving my Jeep. The openness and the wind are great. It is a fun car. But it is made like a piece of garbage. Eat Idaho potatoes to support law Editor: You know, most boycotts occur In response to a dangerous product, a dangerous practice, or because of some inhumane condibon. I, therefore, find It very ironic tht the National Organization of Women In boycotting a state for O& Sandy Wallack SPEAKING OUT No amount of money is worth the aggravation and trouble of a Jeep. Jeeps are very popular right now. They are everywhere. But they won't be in a few years. Not unless they are made better. Why does it only get 15 miles to the gallon? Why does it break down constantly? Why ar they so expensive to fix? Why can't they pt in a ster that can't be easily ripped out? Why should it need a new engine after only four years? One day I'll be rich and able to afford a car for businessand a car forleisure.At thatpoint I'd consider a Jeep. But unless you can afford to pa for repairs, have another car to use when yourleep is being fixed and don't mind singing rather than listening to the radio, don't buy a Jeep. As I picked it up from the mrechanic, he told me I'd need a new steering column soon. It only costs $500. A month after I got my Jeep back, it was making that noise again. I took it in to be checked out. I have a six month warranty on the engine, so I figured I'd be covered. Nope. I need some kind ofjoints for the drive shaft. If I don't get it done I risk losing the entire shaft. It is not covered since it is not the engine. It only costs $100 -before labor. I'm writing this to spare someone the aggravation and financial ruin of a Jeep, I've spent approximately $2,805 on repairs in seven months. To mly that I am dissatisfied with Jeeps is an understatement I am dissatisfied with AMC, all Amer Ican car companies and mechanics in generaL If this letter stops one person from buying a Jeep, then it has served its purpose. Sandy Walch is a rester is political sienc. passing legislation aimed at r stridting the most inhumane prectice of them all -the practice of poisoning, dismembering orotherwise killing an innocent, unborn child. And in the process permanently maiming, psychologically and sometimes physically, that mother who has been coerced into the decision to have a abortion by her society. her family or by other circumstances I say that we should support Idaho, both etonontially and otherwise, for their bold and coUrM rols stand for the sanctity of life in the face of the few very loud opponents of the human race. I urge people to eat rorm Pot&A toes and potato products from Idaho and to counterbalance NOW's potato boycott. E a tager, save a tot Support Mark shatby amsMs 's"m -/ N- 

PAGE 7

MONDAY. APRIL 2. 9M. AIGATNR, 7 EXTRA C L -FRE I N S I H Q S TART U E Ame you looking for sensational skin? Wel, Clinique's "EzuravFresh Starts" is yours, with any Clnique purchase of 812 ir more. This bonus was built to star skin eraftesh, Clinique-clean emrry time -to give your looks that einvely edge. Every item here gives you a beautiful boost. Your "Exzs-Fresh Starts" bonus includes: Etfliating Scrub, ClarIfying LWon 2, Dramatically Difrent Moisturling Lotion, Lemon Geranium/Rubarb Powder Blush Duo, Blusher Brush and Coral Glaze Different Upstick. One to a customer. RSVP.long with your Clinique gift, we invite you to return for a consultation with a Clinique expert. You'll learn about skin care and makeup that's right foryou Make anappointment today. May we suggest foryour Clinique purchase Daily eye Benefits,.5 m., $25. Clinique is allergy tested and 100% fragrance free. For a ust, &m kIa analysis, visit the Clinique Computer. Clinique is a total system of skin care. And the very heart of the system is the Clinique Computer it asks eight essential questions and analyrzes youranswers to determine your skin type Using proper Clinique products and procedures for three minutes in the morning and three minutes at night will result in better looking skin. Clinique 315 assE THE TRADITION CONTINUES Y 0 U R S B 0 N U S W 

PAGE 8

M. ALLIGATOR MONDAY. APRIL 2. 199 Grapski haunted by jail experiences By DEBBIE CENZIPER Alligator Writer While most UF students were studying for midterms before Spring Break, one student got a lesson from life he won't forget. For 37 days. he was studying our legal system from within. Former student senator and independent leader Charlie Grapski was a prisoner in the Broward County jail. His story resembles a nightmare. Grapski, a philosophy graduate student, an Environmental Action Group member and China Support Network president, was arrested Feb 15 for missing a mandatory court appearance last November, sternming from 1988 charges of driving under the influence of alcohol, resisting arrest and hitting a sheriffs deputy. He could not be released from jail because Broward County Judge Richard Eade would not set bond. Eade considered Grapaki "uncooperative, Grapski said. The 24-year-old was released from jail March 23 on a $2,500 bond after Eade re-evaluated his case. Grapski's mother paid the bond in cash, he said. He faces a jury trial in April. Letters written by administrators and students urging the judge to reconsider helped, Grapksi said. Although he is trying to reorganize his life and get back into the senate, Grapski mid he will never forget the time he spent behind bars. ne worst part, Grapski said, was having no way out. The days kept adding up. I was stuck and there was nothing I could do," Grapski said. "At first, I kept track of how many days it was, but then I had a hard time counting They stole a part of my life away." Grapski stayed in three different cells during his jail term, and he said the mattresses were like concrete He never had a pillow, and most of the time he was not allowed to use a blanket -despite the freezing temperature. Prison rules did not let inmates sleep during the day, Grapski said, because they would not sleep at night. "(Inmates) couldn't get under a blanketfrom5 a.m. to 11 p.m., I guess because they didn't want to make anythingtoocomfortable forus,"Grapskisaid."hey were constantly watching us It was almost like I was a lab mouse.* But Grapski didn't go through his jail term unno ticed -typical of the blue-eyed, medium-built man, who often stands against the political norm. Grapski, who said he considered the food insulting, went on a five-week hunger strike, eating only bread and water, and he lost 28 pounds. He said no one, see Graseld. page 12 Greek Week to stress service to community By MEUSSA KORLAN Alligator Writer Members of UPs fraternities and sororities kicked off their annual Greek Week celebration Sunday with carnival games, dunking booths and a battle-ofthebands competition. Hundreds of students converged on Flavet Field to hear Lambda Chi Alphas enty, Controlled Substance, win the competition. The band will perform Saturday during Greek Splash, a field day and party that will conclude GreekWeek. Other events this week includeTalent Night, tonight at University Auditorium, an all-day Superdance and Creek Expo, which gives non-members a chance to view the Greek System. But Greek Week chairwoman Melissa Ferwerda said there's more to theevents than just fun and games. Forms, Student SeNtor Charle Graild stet 3? days In a South Floida jail. 1th. theme Is definitely not a party theme," Fe.rwe.da Sald. "We Oe trying to promote a them of comnity servicem." Fraternities and sororities ear points for raising money, donating blood and winning various other events. Forthe second year in a row,proceeds from events will benefit Habitat for Humanity, which raises money to build homes for those who can't agord them. Last year's proceeds helped to build a home that a local family moved Into on January 20. Greek Week also benefts the Civita Regional Blood Center, where member of fraternfitesand sororities donateblood throughout the spring semester In pulp aration for this weeks competition. last spring, the Greek blood drive donated more than 2,5W pints of blood. Former Dishonesty subject of Honor Court mock trial By CHERL. WEE AliggaorWriter Members of the Student Honor Court held a mock trial Thursday to show students and faculty how cheating is handled at UF. "Since all of the cases are confidential, many students don't know what they entall,"sald Student Honor Court Chancellor Robed Lloyd. "This gave them the chanc to See what actually lloyd said students accused of cheating mut choose to have their c. decided by Judicgal Affalrs Dan Irene Stens, a faicully number or a student jury. Juries of six shadents hand down verdictsforeach casethe honorcourt tries. Three students m chosen at random from the student body, while three others are associate justices with no prior knowledge of the case. About forty law students, undergraduates and faculty member who attended the mock trial watched as a jury announced the delesdantwas not guilty because of lack of Intent. 'The mock case Involved a student who .reporedcheatingbyanother student on the court'. hotine. We need to top the value of our diplomas from decreasing, Attorney General Kenny Splegehnan said during the trial. Lloyd maid he feels the hotline is not being used enough. lt isan arnnus way to report cheating." Iioyd med. iStudentm can take a pazt In fighang academic dim. honesty by using this heoffa" The hothme number, 3924M, is mnitond 24 hmo a day. The honor court Investigates tips received thoug the hotine. Uloyd sald theStudentlonorCout tried dte cass last sosnuter. No real ca h. ben tr,ed i.S ter. Today Chairman to meet conduct official By EJZA Ma emtany Mhinfloon regarilaglducas. AliatrSottwill h dard" whher adcwplln* AllIgator Writer t i acelwy. see would ad co'nmi" Ty Adans, the formerToday party chairman pectally on Adu' case, facing possible expulson from UF, received a Adams, who had a buy belor tie fin' letter from Student Services number Coaded Dean Jsan Scottlhursday I-c. mit S 'Tuesday,is with conclusions from last Former Toaayged with vasel ad week's UF Student Conduct physical hbmssint Of CoIdmmtt hearing, Adams party chairman Ty Today pWty mumuhen dur'id. odms C chrge. me waund the However, Adams, who is Fe.1 T hdn oe charged with violating the of physical and vermeat electIon. Th Student Conduct Code, said da daries stem from affid& he won't rlea the details vita filed b r of the letter until after his members, Includ lg nieedngwi hScotttoday,when final decision ustestudentandfomWrTodWPtpreMidWwill be made. Sal candidate Juan VitaL Tbe chargescie fr Fe' Icdts othafls During the meeting, Scott will explain the meet the nights Of P& 9 at a 7-Eleven and Committee's fndingsand allow Adams to pres Feb. h at the Qrang and Brai. 

PAGE 9

MONDAY. APRIL 2,1990. AIGAOR. 9 S 0 I What's up? a friend of Femi Yesilcay said as he entered Fehml's apartment Fehml, a UF engineering student from Turkey. was taken aback. Certainly there could not be anything odd on his calling. "I had to think about that for a few seconds," Fehmi said. 1 said 'whaiW and he said it I looked up, It would have been dumb." Words. The tools of language. Americanscombine, contract, misspell and misuse them until they wreak havoc on unsuspecting foreign students. Sometimes, It's taken for granted that our foreign friends undet' stand the peculiar phrases and Idiom. of our slang. But actually, many thime, they walk away, shaking their heads and wondering, aWhat ARE then 'Amenicanized words? From first contact, greetings may confuse many forigners. For Khaled Sume,itwan'tthecontentofthegretIng that befuddled hima much n the pronunciation. 'llawaya,' they said to me, said Khaled, an electrical engineerIng student from Palestine. O heard strange things while I won In New York but 'lawayl' sW one of the wort. I nally realized what it meant." Peter Wanyande, a political science stndentfromKlna, couldn'tfigure out the common greeting of "How m ya doa'r But after Ann* making sense of then saying he came acm another, more threatening phrase -rake cart. 6Wlen I would Anish a conversation with someone, Instead of sasirn 'goodbyev would sq'take ca'" he said, nubbha his bands nurvou*l together. "I Sl don' undastmsi. 'The Imnpresalon that I got was that I should be cardful when I go ciatidle. It's Ilk. a warning agaust people who are eulside who can beat you up. I thought hem was lota of dangerous people almun." AVktho mrcnsdgsn and fUrveils confused betag students, dhe slang of everyday cosvenastl preted an en r dia4L go. 149* S lit.soewn s s kidt ases of cloting. The were prs of algn1f forI ieg bW ants ke flhaed, to niter~ u no sO dool'want to be in your ,baoe,,.sd .,t AM ,g I di was Wonder it wod by waid. l'hee by te tird &an I bead R, I tihsut I ffamus! wt mt Doat t am en d' mA 10 be lge in yaInod.t, Ag found their wi l the RM i. kc, k Igstcfrjn d m sadFalln aetg .add dmselheetd that 7 w at1 low ta s'aid agin asmetl ir~orm "Ibid to ask ammaseo that to me." It usually takes ime for foreign students to become accustomed to American lingo. Some will ask their friends to explain the meanings of the strange temns. Others, such as Shanur Ali, a psychology major from England, feel uncomfortable asking for clarification. "I was driving with my friend somewhere in South Florida and asked direction. The person said,'Go acmss the circle.' I wondered what is this circle? I felt too embarrassed to ask my friend. I had no idea what it wa. "I Imagined this huge sign, like a McDonald's sign with a circle on it. Maybe It is some kind of eating place or landmark or something painted or a monument. So we were driving and I didn't see any ccle." Somebody finally explained to Shana that a circles Is a circular intersection connecting four madways. She already knew what one was, but in England they call them mundabouts. Unfortunately, driving and American jargon do notcombine well for many foreign students. When listening to directions and descriptions, students like Yoko Fukuyama, a Spanish-language major from Japan, might derive the oddest Images fim our slang. 'We werm driving with my host parents and I saw what might have been a cat. I told them them is a dead animal there. They said it is 'road pizza,' Yoko said, crinkling her nose. A Of could not understand at first 'fles they told ue l. road is the bread, and the aninel Is the mnm Than I undernso." Tomokos biRtra, ajapaess business major, had a ummdestandlng of a nmr. wdfoqunate and sros aske, While taking her dridang test in Goasisr Tomok's driag bia r growled l 'ul pand a h a ltmu' she sid," outlae lasmke. I 'pail q.? I amen gulI oae dlscdon d upbsanther.lIddn't ewwht od., just made a deth'&plaur ?wt tim" Tomsk. Med the test fer alt ga S I= .l thee. of somena ig sudens -sie drive -as road ig MletroS sign, tdMe tisement after advertisement and wonder what exactly ARE these things saying? "I saw the name of a grocery store in Georgia. It said Piggly Wiggly," said Enwoo Nam, a static tics major from Korea. "I imagined that the piggly was related to the animal -you know, the pig But the wiggly, I don't know about that. I thought this was a very interesting name." To some linguists, this language barrier could be quite interesting, but for many students these misunderstandings are nothing more than something to get pissed at. Il England, when we get pissed it means to get drunk,* Shanms said. "like if you ar talking about someone who was drunk last night, you say, 'He was pissed out of his head.' And over here to get pissed means to get mad or angry. OWhen I just came here it used to confuse me because I didn't know if people were angry or drunk. Because a couple of times a friend would come up to me and tell me I'm passed.'" Dirk Richards, an animal science maior from Jamaica, was not drunk or "pissed" when he encountered a ballpark in the classmom. "he professor returned the test questions to us one day and one of the answers he put down that he wanted a ballpark estimate. I didn't know (what it meant), butI heard someoneelse use this, so I thought it meant most likely," Dirk said. Even outdoor excursions on the Santa Fe River aren't free of American slang. 5,V tsp We wae camping and caoelng, and they (Amerca students) said It (B.S.) a lot both on and off the w r," Yoko @id. w1b said it once when one of the boys made a mistake. I didn't ask swrom Another Japase ialehed fber. 1ey sald that you use that when you hear a 1e, or something is chaed, or SommeC don't MR the "Now many omhs I will &W that Is B.S. or til Eoc also has had sme exprece with Mkb ff* daughter mid she had to poopo and pegs, law, sit d asd or widS eat it ee l dIhdalahI slu hied agib raamt 10 l am but I d't have experaIsme wi th ess ittdt. By Keith Herrel %,g T 

PAGE 10

10. AllIGATOR MONDAY. APRIl 2. Z 990 Speaker says apartheid doomed By MATTHEW G. MOORE Alligator Writer Economic malaise eventually will destroy apartheid, saida native South Arican who spoke duringa forum i n Turlington Hall Thursday "The system of apartheid has burned itself out," said Brett Field, who left South Africa when he was 16 and now attends Rollins College in Orlando. 'It just doesn't make moral sense It doesn't make economic sense It doesn't make political sense." About 50 people attended the forum, sponsored by the Student Coalition Against Apartheid and Racism, Project 99and the Gatorchapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Field said economic growth and well-being cannot be obtained in an oppressive society such as South Atrica 'The people in my area struggled to get three meals a day," Field said. "In an ordinary day, you would have people knocking on your door asking for bread. I remember going to school and eating dry brown bread and milk. For some of those kids, it would be the only thing they would eat all day." Field, who remains in the United States on scholarship, said it would be hard for Americans to visualize the sub-human conditions under which South African blacks live. Blacks often build 0shanty"homes out of corrugated iron to escape the harsh weather. Because they are illegal, the government often sends bulldozers to tear them don, leaving families homeless, Field said. 1'he irony of these shanty towns is that if you go 15 minutes away, you'll find the white neighborhoods, These people enjoy the highest standard of living in the world," Field said. Field said poor educational opportunities ensure that blacks only become eligible for jobs that require few skills. ne South African government spends four times as much on white students as it does on blacks, Field sad. The system ensures that blacks drop out before getting high school diplomas or college degrees. "Blacks cannot escape their miserable, hopeless living conditions," he said. South Africans have endurd lootings and battles waged near their homes. Field said one of his friends once was shot in the ear. "I also distinctly mecall when our whole school building was burned to the ground," Fields said. 'We had to take classes outside." BRAKES $* MAINTENANCE SPECIAL 9Z os nanmusu~mmusnurr r n'TRUCsi ,iiMifERMH WARANT ON MAU UNiNW I Now ank ases or she 0ioshr Mad*,e fl~hrotors or arrues *R.*.c rlo-&rv* whel bea9 *inspect moto~r cytnder. creases. Area from FM1M~610PQ~iryllF5y18410~ -I conol.Notedlgjne po. i ExpnsesLf.-1 -P MIFLE $29 FEATINIE 7W~lf eutiir lilly UMEM IComplete withI Tuftys famous lifeimn warranty -good fo, as longt as you own you? Cal Accorie An lor ertra. L -h crw Nis ----.is. -.-x --. -I OIL CHA IGE& $ 1 95 I LUBECMION ==1 F Chaoube hu teb ea n of ofiieir C *Updto canony t. a t il L ,Z" =o=w WmM1:7Is& mamW A 11 1 I VAUIM~l C-1* 1 -~t ---nw ---c --oo -k ---~ k-y -ll nod-I 336-6744 3820 S .K ICER ROAD 8 1SY WUT P VILnR PlAZA,fMXTl IC IUWI = I unce fi of U,, MOI c asns we had Me bins, mF U xaM ime. Women's Month ends Though the feminist movement has made some progress in improving conditions for American women, several speakers who addressed audiences at a symposium Saturday said there is much more work to be done. "Issuesin Feministlheory."aday-longeventthatmarked the end of Women's History Month, attracted about 100 people to the Holiday Inn University Center. Women in European countries have better opportunities than those in the United States, said UF law pmessor Nancy Dowd. Governments in those countries provide for programs such as child care services, while employesrespect women more, granting them "workpower," Dowd said. Attorney Paula H. Statmer said women's wagescontinue to be poor. "Black and white women who graduate front college will be paid less in the work force than a man with an eighthgrade education," Stahmer said. UF law professor Sharon Rush said women should be more vocal about the problems they face. "The public doesn't speak out," Rush said. "Their silence says this is the American way. -GOLDiE LANDSRONER Alachua Co OWNERS SALE 5 Acres -$14,900 15 min from Gainesville, mall, University and hospitals Near springs & rivers, easy drive to Gulf Beautiful property on paved road in NO FLA growth area This won t last Great terms Call NowI Patten Corp 800-888-4606, Ext 842 from 8 30 to 8 30 me was created for natural potency. uptime people just like you-busy, today! Now available at active students whose schedralNutritionCenters. ules change from day to day. If you want to stay healthy while keeping up with the pack, then Uptime may be just what your looking for. E bo It's 100% organic for pure -MI si Z-L: is inmA1111111f NuuiEI@ SSWM 71nd 

PAGE 11

MONDAY. APRJL2. 1990, ALLIGATOR. 11 KRUGER from page I his efforts to attract top athletes to the KSU campus in Manhattan, Kan. Those frustrations -combined with UF athletics' national exposure -may have led Kruger to Gainesville. "lere isa tremendous amount of potential for the Florida basketball program during the decade of the 1990," Kruger said in the release. "Mat potential, combined with statewide support and commitment, makes this a truly great opportunity." Despite his impressive rtsumi, Kruger, whose eight-year coaching record is 133-105, is a relative unknown from America's heart land. He had not been mentioned among candidates for the UF job as the rumor mill turned at a frantic pace in eent weeks, churning out big-time college names such as Paul Westhead of Loyola Mazymount University, Cliff Ellis of Clemson University and Nolan Richardson of the University of Arkansas. Kruger's hiring surprised even UF basketball player Hosie Grimsley. "Really? I didn't know that," Grinsley mid when he heard the news Sundry. "Its good to have someone named. rm happy as long as he's going to come in and let us play. ie. really been hectic around here. Kruger replaces long-time coach Norm Sloan, who was forced to retire Oct, 31 amid charges he broke NCAA rules, and interim coach Don DeVoe, who said he would not apply for the full-time job after drawing the ire of fans upset with the 1989-90 team's 7.21 record. Grimsley said Kruger could bring a new attitude to the squad. "A friend of mine (Patrick Sams from Bartow High School) plays for him, and he said the coach is a real nice guy, that he's a players' coach and that he knows basket. ball," Grimsley said. During his playing days at KSU in the early 1970s, Kruger was named the Big Eight Conference Playerof the Year in 1972 and '73, and he led the Wildcats to a combined 61-22 record during his three years on the court. Kruger also proved his merits in the classroom, as he was a three-time member of the All-Big Eight AcdemicTeam and an Academic AllAmerican as a senior. Kruger began his coaching areer as an assistant at Pittsburg (Kan.) State University in 197&77 before joining the KSU staff in 1977. He remained with the Wildcats until 1982, when he earned his first head coaching job at Pan American University in Texas. Pan American's turnaround under Kruger was dramatic. His first Broncos team posted only seven victories, but It turned in a 20-1 mark by the time he returned to KSU to become its head coach in the 1985R6season.KrugeraIso served as the athletic director at Pan American for three years. MW,,. ,nI,, -, Paul Fertig.center, was one of two protesters arrested by UF police at Van Flet Halt Saturday. ARREST from pge he'd talked with UF police Chief Everett Stevens several days before the protest to arrange Weinstein and Fertig's arrest. The deal, Self said, didn't include jail lime. But Weinstein, who will appear In court April 11 to plead innocent to trespassing charges, said he expected to go to jAil, and he took the opportunity to talk to other inmates about the protesters' cause. Self also said he worked with UF police to help keep Us expenses down by not requiring much police protection at the protest. Eleven groups, including Project 99, Gainesville National Organization for Women, Students for the Ethical '1Teatment of Animals and Veterans for Peace, sponsored the event, "Me U.S. wars in Central America and around the world are based on underlying racism." said Weinstein, a member of the Conmittee in Support of the People of Latin America, which coordinated the event. "In other words, when we have conflicts with people who are white, we try to settle them through negotiation," while conflicts with other races involve ammunition, Weinstein said. But one counter-protester said the groups should stop focusingon skin color "This separation thing that's been going on for so many years is ridiculous," said Gainesville reident Lourdes Chu, 28. "Black this, Black Student Union, black whatever," Chu said. I'd really like to see the day when we stop calling each other by our races." as kohlso ia Positions Opening for Sales Representatives for The Independent Florida Alligator It's time to take advantage of a great opportunity that could start your advertising career in the right direchon. The A/hgafor offers something every luture employer looks for EXPERIENCE Begin training as soon as possible as a non-paid sales assistant Depending on your performance you may advance rapidly into a paid sales position (in less than three weeks') At The Ahigaltor you will gain valuable sales experience through personal contact with clients You will learn the newspaper business from a hands-on perspective, and don't worry, your creatvity wil have no limits Only those who can work Sunmer C mid Fal semesters need apply. Join the staff of the largest Independeni college newspaper in the nation. Gan the REAL WORLD experience you can't find in a textbook. So Don't Blow Iti For all those interested there wiN be a meeting MONDAY, APRIL 2 AT 5:00 PM at The Allhgator 1105 W. university Ave 

PAGE 12

I?. AILGA hR. MONDAY, APIL 2, I99 GRAPSKI from page 8 not the guards or fellow inmates, cared about his strike. But he did it only for himself, he said. He couldn't stand feeling Institutionalized, he said. He didn't want to follow their rules. "It was the only way I could have kept my sanity in there," Grapski said. "I wasn't going to accept that I was in there. I had to fight the system within myself. I wasn't able to sit in there for absolutely no reason at all.* The food in jail was almost inedible, anyway. Grapski said. liTe food was never enough," he said. "It was always meant to keep you hungry and wanting more." Hunger was not the only pain Grapski endured in jail. Three and a half weeks into his term, two inmates cornered Grapksi and beat him. He suffered a concussion, a bloody eye, was hit in the jaw and said he may suffer from a fractured cheekbone. Grapski, who refused to shower regularly as part of his rebellion, said the fight started when an "old-timer" 280-pound inmate said, "I'm gonna put you in the shower." Grapski said he didn't know what the Inmate had In mind. He said he didn't see any honosexu ality while in jail, but said he heard rumrt of such rapes. Grapski refused to shower and was beaten because he said he wouldn't back down. He said he had to bang on the glass walls to catch the guards' attention. Grapski was thrown in solitary confinement, called lock down" for four days supposedly for his own protection. But two days later, he was told one of the men who beat him up was released on parole and the other received no punishment During confinement, he refused both bread and water. He also refused to sign a form that would waive his right to prosecute the two men who beat him up. Afterward. he was placed in a different jail cell. If there was one thing Grapsii learned from his experience, be said It was that, often, the legal system is not fair. "All I wanted to do was sleep the days away," Grapaki said. "It was a waste of my life. I saw how the system, in most cases, serves no purpose. Grapski. with a bloody eye and a story to tell his grandchildren, now is trying to regain a seat in Senate. He said he hopes to find the same support frm his peern they offered him while he was in jail. "People, whether they were on the same side of political issues as me or not, were great," Grapski said. tBut I don't know how long they're gonna be happy when I stirt opening my mouth soln In Senate." BROWNE from page 3 they choose a class," he said. Browne also is lobbying administraton and faculty members for "student run" teacher evaluations. He said it's important for students to be able to rate their teachers and have both the teach ers and the deans read the comments. "Some teachers are going to fight us tooth and nail on this," Browne said "Some teachers think if they publish books or get so much money in grants that they're a good teacher.That's not always true. 'Tat's just an excuse." Browne, who is taking 12 credit hours this semester, said he averages 50 hours a week in SG and is learning mor about campus just by talking to people. "I love the talking-to-people part of my job," Browne said. "I never want to feel isolated as president "If I can do anything this year, I want to destroy the thought that everyone can't get involved or that it's government for the few." TUNA from page 3 lively connect issues with products may call for similar boycotts. Gentry gave the Idaho potatoes boycott as an example. Those who favor abortion rights had threatened holding an Idaho potatoes boycott if the state's governor had decided to restrict abortions. 1The concern I see is whether we are setting some kind of precedent we will be dealing with in the future," Gentry said. But committee member Unda Bobroff said saving dolphins and supporting abortion were incomparable because there Is adirectconnection between eating "unsafe"tunaand dolphin demise. "I think this is a much morm clear-cut issue," Bobroff said Committee member John Graves said advocating the views of the protesters "opens the door to a non-winnable situation" because future gmups will see it as a precedent. "All of a sudden, we become a keeper for everyone," Graves said. "I think we opened that can of worms when we said we would move to use biodegradable materials,' said committee member Dave Carter. Graves said the choice to boycott tuna should be on an individual basis, resulting in "unsafe" 'I'm glad they're switching tuna, because now I can start eati ng tuna here again.' -Kirsten Cipri Public Relations Senior tuna brands naturally being driven out of the market"I support the effort, but think it's in thewrong form," Graves said. Irhe student out them can make the judgment whether they want to boycott tunaornot. IfMr. Milleronly sells two sandwiches per week, he will stop selling tuna." Public relations senior Kirsten Cipri, who stopped eating tuna about a month ago, said a price increase would be worth it if it meant saving dolphins. "rm glad they're switching tuna, because now I can start eating tuna here again," Cipri said. "I know Pre missed eating tuna." Journalism senior Starla Powell said the price Increase would not deter her from buying tuna. Looking down at her halfeaten Gator burger, Powell said she missed eating tuna. Tina would still be reasonable compared to what I paid for this burger." from pg 3 ion they submit on financial aid forms. Because students cannot ean mom than the amount they are awarded, the new minimum wage will decrease their time commitments. *College work-study students can only earn what they're eligible for, but the higher the wage, the less the amount of time they have to work for It," Holloway said. Students who already receive $3.80 an hour or more will receive pay Increases only if their Individual departmentscan afford to giant them, Hollowq said. 'The Division of Housing will grant some Increases by charging residents more for not Residents of family housing villages will pai 6 percent more in the fall to cover administrative costs that Include pay Increases for members of the village' staffs who work at the minimum wage. USDA PRE-DOCTORAL FELLOWSHIPS SCIENCE AND HUMAN NUTRITION DEPARTMENT UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA $15,000 PER YEAR FOR 3 YEARS POSSIBLE RESEARCH AREAS INCLUDE: Food Chemistry Food Engineering and Processing Food Microbiology Food Toxicology Nutritional Biochemistry Clinical Nutrition Nutritional Toxicology REQUIREMENTS: Applicants must be U.S. citizens and have: B.S. or M.S. Degree Outstanding Academic Record Excellent GRE Scores Send CV, Transcripts, 3 Letter of Recommendation to DL Chnn-I Wel or Dr. Welihls B. Wbaseer Food Science anid Human Nutrition Deprtment Institute of Food and Agricultural Scinum Univemity of FMa Gaitrvilse, R 32610163 Telephone (904) 392-1991 DEADLINE: MAY 30, 1990 FOOD RESTAURANT & LOUNGE 1017 West Univerdty Avnu* Gainesvi, Florida 904/376-8899 

PAGE 13

MONDAY.APRIL 2,1990, ALJGAOR. 13 BUY IT gator SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND lassifieds FOR RENT: 1 FURNISHED MASTER BR in Sbr'3ba Oxford Manor Townhouse va MAY 15-AUG 15 and be yond $233/mo noto Call Bob 371 7755 4 3-5 1 Roommate Needed to share 1bdrmlbih apt across from Tigirt for Fall Contact Tim 377 1085 4 3 5 1 ,bd apt. kilch pool. 2 blocks from UF Available May 3 Aug 30 5260 per mont Call 372-4929 4 2 3I $145 Pil inci bike to UF Pr'vat. en trance single en *ll upper class or grad call 372-1g2 so 44-5-1 Brandywine, Ibdr urn apt assume lease in summer., price neg .378 5554 4 S 5 1 LARGE house beside campus need 3 nso to replace grads $135 I 70/mo. ii fal/sum Owr Room 335-777 gd luck Sta Will. Kirk 43.3 1 FOR RENT: FURN. arge room U sepsalot entrance private bat replace close To UF NW Secluded area $350,mo 371 1745 4 6 6 1 ROOM &FOOD STARTING $145 or Sum mer. Spring A Fall also avalI at CLO Incl 10 mfllswk. oil pd. I blk to OF Studen LrunI377 4269 or slop by 117 NW 15Th SI 4 13101 FOR RENT: 2 UNFURNISHED Walk to Santa FE CC I BOA $270 $200 2 BDR $335 NEW Townhouse $440, Sec Plus LMq Pool laundry no cats or dogs Santa Fe Trace Apis 378 1190 4-30 7S 2 Oak Glad. Apt Near UF & VA quiet washeridryOr available in most unitS for $20 me Cats Allowed 10 28, 1 & 2 Bath $250 $350 sec & imr 372-5422 4 30 75 2 Near OF very clean 2 bd pat irplace a/c w7 th'dy avail Aug S3Oio 373 1658 new car hook up 410n10 4 373-FIND BUY IT. SELL Ir. FIND r. AMigatm ClIsededs alow products, services. job, etc to be listed in a "'dmcory" to vnake it eate, for readers to find your ad A simple form explains the step-by-step manner in which to pla an ad and will help you d.Wrmkn the Poot Our ClassIfied Advertising staff will be happy Up advise, you. Alligator Classifleds may be placed In a number of ways: I If you hat a vaild Mastercard or Visa. you can place your ad by telephoning 373-FIND between 8 00 and 4 00 pm 2. You can mail your Alligator Classified form (with check, money order or Ma nrdria Informatlon -no cash, please) to Alligator Classiledet PO Box 14257 O.IMVlle, FL 32604 3. Yo n pmeo y" of in per by coming to our offiC at 1105 IW UdhwrSy Ae. be w 1n8 medN 4p. w.kdays Our rained, friendly stall WE be glad Ed hlp you hit you 4. You PIyur ad in person at one of The mrevea kmdons. Alligator's convent Oln C S WCA1TONS: Mal.eoal Mob Cua S.,tn. D mail moa, ShaM.* Relm Uak, Cashie' Oi M -F M -F *.,.4pm am -4 pm IM -g pM St ...Nest -9 pi Sun .Noon-5pm Pb. -fe bg Is to pbece Migator Claaiedl. Pb. 1ok'w Sh0 uim =eas .so Beca, d ifto Rtjdealyshig you wish t sam. ReW Ourb ernh do ad ha beefd w dmdot be aildnmda I*SA T mI CAN a No tmae oR CREWS Au FLAMM THE AD. i lea W" Of er., The AVgto Is naei. rlLtt.FIRST n .' DomwskebelopnMaquag,. dma .*. fiArms eladkmshl. aI y a. nPt afl piuSE gaitv Ml M*bp.C of ow a"xxxxxSx ximpeww a fl .Sb W e'mdSf, w -od anr adwe g mOpy SfbuWlt FOR RENT: UNFURN. SPACIOU CNE AEDROOM APT ONLY $263/MO LYONS APT 4000SW20TH AV 3774797 4 3071 2 INCREDILE Etthilenoy Apt Starting at $185 Starting at $235 1 2 *.droorm MEA00WCREST 370-MEG 27-M1 1 4 40 70 ? Chock Our Nev Spial.' All AmemItlea Available FURNISHED UNFURNISHED Roomqrmals Avariable Wer(I No 1 REGENCY OAKS 376 5766 3230 SW Archer Road COUNTRY GARDENS 2001 SW fia Sireri FOR RENT: INFURN. Dump you, roommale Got a 2 bdr 'os the price of orn Pool tennis sauna wr room StollrIdOO Apts 3800 SW 34 Si 375 1121 4 30 45 2 Solve Parking ProbIaml Walk to UF From AngIla (NW Oih/I5lh Sir) Modern well kept Apis es w/own waeher/dr yer cal hlac Now reeling for Jall lyr lease 1si & Tai dep $450/mo 2bdr]iba $610/mo 3bd,/ 2bm $730'Mo bdr/2ba 336 5354 3*2 0554 4 6 to 2 eLofl Unit Totally awesome' bar nar an slic dead at only 1121 (1 Pay 320) for my6 u15 rall in@ 0335 4374 4 6 10 2 Villger Wet800 Now 1 8h Ave I bd apt in nice quiet neighborhood College Park Properties 41 NW 15ti St 371 7777 4 Sublease 2/2 starling summer 00 close to UT, cenir a/c dishwasher, new rug, im maculate conditions great neighbors 335 65751372 1509 4 5 2 TO I Bedroom close to campus May $235 00 Cail 377 9317 4 4 5 2 I I II I I III II I II l i -I II I I 'Ii I -5 I ii I I I* I I 'I I I I .I I I I I 1 I IFIEu5 NY 11 1 1 1ii ._ Ii liii. asl -1.For .aei __. erNw: UAe _S. eble Pw.Aeflb _I. n msk -M _'4. Ia12fis. --s --t.t A I Inly-UFLS 2 Cys.e O.*a 4 pay.11.gl 'I.SMe AMM .a FOR RENT: UNFURN. Aitacire t'e'n arts 8 houses close '0 UF ave or Aug 1 yr lease No dogs Call 495 9024 4 30 24 2 2brI2baqns carl L a patio irs $286 822 NW 39 Ave ALSO omt wanted 315/ 9 112 ulilS deposit Call 373 0310 4 2 4 2 LRG 2bdr'1ba sublel summer C or 8 wtFal million Iilaplace wood/fIrs 2nd 1loo' bks to UF Courtyard $400mo 377 8940 4 2 3 2 louco tbd and Ja able and house avail now and for fall Walk 10 UF' Bsealh rush' College Park Properties 411 NW Sib St 371 7777 4 3 5 2 Bel Air 536 NW 281h Ave Huge 2bd'2ba and lbd aps Large Oaks College Park Properlres 4') NW1 Si Si 371 7777 4 2 par Apt in duck pond area house, fire place, wood floors calling lan big yard avail May 1 $3251mb 374 S148 4,4 5-2 NE Historic district Ig lbr, wood floors central lheAl/aC lenced backyard avail April $275mo 377 0361 4 4 5 2 2bdr duplex SW I /Ih Au close o UF pets alid $265mo call Key Management 372 3060 4 5 5 2 2 rooms for root in Victorian home Wood Foors, large porch Duckpond area Avail able May 371-4935 4 5-5-2 ledo apts SWT ent healjar on bus1 avail now 1 avail mid May $275 ,ciud water annual lease 373 0701 4 8 5 2 2 BEDROOM HOUSE CLOSE TO UF AVAIL NOW $350/MO 370 5498 SALLY Spacious 28A api 5 min bike o campus central air pool Indry available 5/7 811l w'ih option To lease $320/mo 375 ?193 4652 ,2 lock to UF 1241 SW 41M Av 421 2nd story security' Available immediately' s280omo neg Call Wil at 377 0789 4 6 5 2 MOBILE HOMES: 3 FOR RENT/SALE 80 Mobi. Home for salt 2 bdr 1 12 bi Good Cond Part F uir Ctr ac'hh Wash/Dry $5500 obo 3732227 or 377 4374 4 5 5 3 SUBLEASE: 4 HOUSE/APT. Sublet bdr apt May Aug. 712-303 16th Ave, close to Shands and $220/mo nepo Cal Meg 3707780 SW OF 4 2 Summer form Sublease ibsr wrstudy turn Camelot Apt $325/mo Call 371 will 4-25-4 Gatrwood Apis 2bdr/2b& unfurit $480Mmo. Sublet through June Available Nowl Call 34-ON7 Leave Mssage 4 Clssiiflede. Continued on next page. a 

PAGE 14

14, AW1.GAWOR, MONDAY. APRIL 2. 1990 SUBLEASE: HSE/APT I REb May l nde 1 be Hook up P S2/0 mo 1 & OcI RE Pet OK s wash 3S, Oufrb Pool I anrJrdy 4 cent hr cpo'( SPYGLASS APTS lease nds lion to renew Ibdi2ba in quiet lo $500mo 336 8910 after 4 4 5 SUBLEASE: HSE/APT i ra r Hoe Apis s uiea se for Ium F O, option For ail l bdrflba prico nego lbk 10 UF 336 8236 4 4 5 4 Summer sublet May ro Aug IS Late 930 Od Wood Villas 2bdtirll room 2ail Please call Lanry or John at 335 523? 4 4 5 4 ne ony 7 4 OAKBROOK WALK Lmblease '0' surv mor AvaI May 5 2pdr/ba fully Fur nished own wash/dry $390,mo Call Denise at 371 1399 of leave message 4 x? 3 4 Spyglass Ap i Sublease lr sumrnr, uniJuly 31 ily furn 3bdrf3ba $228 33 me Only need I F rmot Please call 336 0248 4 6 1 4 DON T LIVE AL ONE lis summer Sublet O Su C r Poldr in spacious ir nrhse Oak Fores-: ',,rn or IFur $ '8 n c S3uil Iegi 'rmees Ire 11 & n I I I 335 2550 4 "ore ,nto 4 A 5 4 person vnks house 10 rei $4?5 prefer wiLhin 0 mn, or A i/5 Li il rl V ii 3/ 5 4 4 5 4 n S 0 suOler loom in l3randy*n simmer months rent neg335 381/ Mix, in of 10 v 4 6 Otord Manor rbd dvail May 7 opron For onewal in Aug E xcellent ocaron Cell 378 9793 IV sg 4 4 5 4 SUMME R SJI F New SpacrOs W INME ADOW Apr horn 36 001 7 4 45 4 Calorwood Apis 2bdrr2pa $490/mo unlrr al S47'mo 3/5 4813 4 11 104 rrn Ia May Ju y Lg 2bdr/2ba POO renn-s1racqeIbaii courts rauna May June only $49io Cali/f message 335 5406 4 4 5 4 OFord Manor 2Fdr/Iba avail in May $ai/lo For more ino call 338 14/6 4 6 7 4 *OXFORO MANOR* Sublease for summer 3bdr 13ba town houssil Price neooluablel Please call 335 3513 4 3 4 4 Gradue mgmii Sublel 2br/lba for summer close to HF 360mmoCall Joyce 376 7412 4 4 S 4 Sublease Sun Ray Apt 5 1 8 15 Ncs grounds quiet clean new Call evenings 378 419 Idr 2SlmA.urii 4 4 5 4 P EASE sublet 1or summer Spacicu 3 4 m 10 campus $160 nego Call Ne I1 '8 8346 keep Iryingo k1 4 4 5 4 MAY AUGUST lbr tb fur qure own parking low uil poolgroai main 50% oft May $260pimoaFter Call Pare 378 8468 378 7042 4 5 4 nlsu lor3bdi3btIWindmeadows a lavaI now JIy 31 own db$it1 lSmo I rier groal deal bor more info call Cassie 336 1133 4 4 5 4 SUBLET tor summer Ferm option or fall al STONL:RIDGE APIS 30a Jba Call now' 336 0524 4 564 1 I 4 SUBLEASE: HSE/APT Spacious Condo Summernet VIlage across fral Si4dr, )bdr I I 2ba new larpel subwi sterling May flex cai led liv 1296 4 4 54 Verriura Apis sublel tor summer 2bdrulal F ully Furnis'ed $350'mo great cond Call 336 1693 1 cave Message A Live al Oakbrook Ihis sum mell Close qo campus own bdrmhath fully turn A steal aI $ 2f mo.l2 ull Cal 378 1281 ewes 4 5 4 SPYGLASS Sublease May August B RAND NEW 2bdri2ba oanhouse fur m.Shed mu51 see pIease leave message 336 6254 4 6 6 4 Have own bdr Ha at Oakbrook apt Move now pay from May 1o Aug350/no(reg 390) wash/dry micro Put turn 335 2885 4 3 3 4 Oxford Manor Sammer C .Sum sublease $245'mo Carl Elizabeth 375 0780 4 2 3 4 Large lurr /bdr 2na ownhso In March wood ,or Pummer srubil $425/mO obo 136 0820 4 5 5 4 THREE OAKS 1 or two rOOmaIes needed micro ra sher FIc 4 bl s fromin campus Call 378 65S $200 mn & ? 3 J11 4 4 3 4 Rmmi needed 10r summer own bdr n bdr.1 1 2 ba Fwrise Option 10 Fren wate place in Aug Palo lenced yrd1 pos ok close o UF bus line 335 5047 or 1 7432851 48 5 4 Subleaseor summer 2dr ai at Rocky Poini $429/mo Call Lisa ad 378 5397 o 33594S5 4854 1 Grad sladent Dickpond area washidry SubIlea 0111,65 373 S712 For 3bdr condo in Central heat ac e May July el a 4 3 2 4 Roommare needed tosublet 3bdrr3baapI *n the LAURELS Starting sume, A $251n Cal Tracy 335 4085 4 6 5 4 W ndMOladOw phase 2 sublease 2bdrm of 3bdrm 3bi, apt for Sum C w option 4 ll 338 1377 Hena or Kelri $210,mo neg LooknOg Fora greapiacelor Summer' In Oa kbrook 3rd loot sgle mw, option or tall May June July $30 'mo 3/6 66'' 4654 SUBLEASE: HE/APT Subler summer C Spyglass api sued Jbah tCrneshed washer/dryel will 10 Sublet 10 1 2 or 3 persons Leave mes %ae 336 0211 4 5 4 4 WINDMEADOW Lrg Poor apr No de posit $37Smo Call 373 3558 or 377 4105 OvenOig 4 L3 10 4 Hawaiian Village sublet May tri Aug id1 be 310,mo greal condition Call 336 lI34lvmsg 4 6 5 4 Well pay U $75 10 subli May Aug 15 2Rdrt2Oa turn $485 Gaborwood Close loUF CIll aniyl 377 9193 4 13 104 Lakewood ViLa Sublease May Aug Lrabd own ba woshdry altractiveand clean only S242/mo 335 5589 leave message 4 13 10 4 Sublet hru Aug Colon'al Manor ApI 6 mn walk 1ou or' SW b 'ba Furnshde poor $245 mo Call Lee 318 3199 4 4 3 4 DAILY CROSSWORD PUZZLE Edited by Trade Michel Jaffe 5 10 14 15 16 ACROSS Biting remark Furve looks Shoehonean Indians Hauttoy Artists subject one who appears strong, but Is weak 19 Bips ai 20 Dagger 21 Enter 23 Guadelcup. and Martinique 25 Louis or Paul 26 Ready to fight 30 Gorgon slain by 33 Currency 34 FWcIlittec 37 "Gil Losage novel 38 Manipulatoor 30 Sicillan 41 -Feuche. on42 Tempnte of a 43 Up 47 Fellow$ So ded of boxing 53 Antenool nap 57 Precede grand 58 Stop at noftig 1a0 ba S1 lower diak N ft d of 64 Fft klU 6 .abs' or Dam I amal 2 "Leouto her" 3 sntmila. oard 8 9 Direct routes it speech Silkworm Some are poached Versaiiers Decoration 10 Loosen 11 Capsize 12 Redact 13 Utah state flwr 18 Track event 22 -a-terre 24 Kitchen emanation 26 Shadow 27 Certain bear 28 Highly unIlkWelyl 29 Spanker and topoailant 31 More luId 32 Coect 35 percolate. 38 Rye-sided figure 39 Sharp watch r r r r K 41 Riur of N and can Bolia 42 Chace 44 BrIstly 46 -Fab" 48 Night sound 50 Suva is the C1 51 Lupino and Tar'lI 52 Leath.orkers' tools 54 Evince 55 Ran 56 Matures 59 Torrid 11F.Fill I 1111IFFIrl plirl Haim 11M FIL"Naunnnnn Hnno nillin rqiirii-i"nnnn Hill Hou nnn P linnnif rinlinrinn I 11 RKFIN-P N C ITE IR U VIE Ul? CISMCIAITME H umi nn II n IF nnnQ nnum E -II -I-TI L -t FIIT Ii *I9W La A lElle~adae -77 r it it IIUNIIINIE n7fr The wayf t o''1 Quickest rom I I A I 0 The new Hewlet Packard calculators make problem solving quick and easy. They am also now easy to buy. Just stop by the Campus Shop and Bookstore where the HP-28 Scientific is $179.95(retail $235.00) and the HP-14 Business is only $64.96(retall $79.95). A 42MI lowrwar Rep $37S SR24 msog r.jinnn nunr 5 ROOMMATES BRANDYWINE FURNI 2bdr/I ba acuzzi sauna *t room, huge poOl t/2 m 10 LF $230/mo for own room 1/2 Cable Au il 372 2857 Dennis 430 28 5 M N/S to share 2bdr/iba. $125/MOA 102 util 1 m. front UF, Cell Todd 336 400 4 2-5 5 Pockwhood Villas M/ NfS rmmt(s) needed for I bdr/ba in fully jrn .t for summer Call Perry at 335 6230 for more info 2 5 5 NEED ROOMMfE S Plm For 3bd'2ba in L akewood sumnmerv all op1 Washdry hookup turn Avail May I Call 3308105 Iv message 4-2 S 5 N/S F RmmtP needed for summer C Own bdrr/bsth, wahkerdryer.lireplace deck Call Alira at 335-4086 4 2 5 5 Roommate wanted to share 3bde Goa house 6 ml all of campus Wagher dryer and many refrms 61/&mO A 1/2 ulil 376-6827 4 3 5-5 F NS. post-bec seeks serious F student as roomrne for May .Want apI close to Shands/VA Call Sheryl 904 264 3320 Help 410-10-5 Female NjS ai I shar 2 adr/ltbe Apt $1 riS/mo 4 112 Out walking distanCe t0 UF Call 377 4244 4 17 15 5 NOS F to share 2bdrilba Apt at Home Plead, own bdr Avail May 5. 5 75imo & 1/2 utility Call 335 3745 43-SB LookuIng for M NOS Ram(s) to share Fair ont Oaks Summer C *' option to Slay beyond Howard 305-7254 4-6-8-5 T n" "Hu n Mimi FJUp Innu I i. 

PAGE 15

F. -os 1" A HA sVcc 'w-w.gqqia eddixeu u penullu!iu 9 0 SS 9 tL PLC 0091 AG1 IOpU0 ui C te Belo0 O SHlOODS 01113 tPiOPH is (OuhJtd 10 o'S I C V V SPULNM/*CAC IOLP 9I JO ElaP tic sEoEiZv I pCO oo o S10 Am BudoSpusI ilhlnpineS zI voasoiis up Apu SPU loHISA^ LoliHikel ughu P IHOI a M 91 no' ads *Q1i0OPY I I a /(upt Alt/ UMiop Up~ %ZI L 9 OuuAPIMPno ON *lO*wflCiVo I I Z P Tom a sAmp t 1i3) *ai eno A Oil Oda 1O) *OOZH IN 3 SSSL-299 900 Ivo toilij) woUfl' IP xCI olyi ,sdai noA bo2l* iIN LnO JI1PM 3t Oo ll JAOBWO0JI CiQtl'EwA 13101 ElA I VA a103 0d3 S 9 0SoZ eL uMOP MPA AJCA At VP CL iA S 6 aib Ab0 u oCoeUHIdde |ie 'pAA peouaj Lop oQO.IU eqIlz oUVIEd *[11k I C IF v aim9 SEE96 0 to 0u$*MWI Ole Alip/p/is Up Ige O101/i Curnits *noCiuMe POOM1400U WuOQtfl1iq St SnUQIO 31,1 40 Xd31S I S C V CASE ZLt OS O Poli 0 u *1 LO' iili'owd AJpIe d In oct IN0 SE tfl CiOJO00050"N CL9033 PEPS Ott? S*/S C i3 .qq~d nlqIqZ OPuOO PuO *a3 IaS IUflV 1 01 06 CPL6 Ct sli Onew io siuwAud Ca Ojle *sioIod Joii PUnOji JfiJ eqa/PoZ opuCO W0i110 9 P g v 0999 SC ,wilAue lED ,psp iee'0 punfols ies .OS 0P lies 1I0 PIOS Pd P10 seA uo/ slsL SOU1 dwe IBM 09 PLI As od1 S 6 Vlsu S APO 101 is Ih t l SUD 0OIL, 04z pool DO u' kS" l VOSSIODOC ip I podi sLO1;1 ap I WOol 001 01 09 AuPOOppP M su Il JIN wSC V81B110U 4 S 9 V SEIL SEE PuAD Plueuowdfibe lie Pow JOSEI po qIMUpHIs III P *It&AL4IS pouR6f aL PiOh Cool or AIL. to lies os luIenotso 9 1L A I OII Se CC 0CI I i HPO/ew CALSUP 319s8d CAu up ncO 0indujo cAue5 Puoa VeiCjlaO3l 015 CodbenDS ael SIEB tt t ie SO L$ 01084 Spd Spnt Rfsalin me, MOU Oise poflPi~iS 9 IS 9 N OSrO SIZE 1I3 go st$ 6u1SV pou AppSl oeiod/Bo wA AivUOd o spew ) Sna 1401 9 S 9 p, wiS See SL pea LSOc &C Poll 0M Buuiflis di 01 LOlQ suaOS Laos CACI I In.,.l MON 113s iSnrs 9 S S9 vOO-C ILV I S"t'8 Ai*)) PuS 'e*nSUIidS i *ipdwo 'ln4oucw *aCH Aq VIA JlSOI 666 tiVOeliYS 9 5 9 0 SOW At Z Sl C ED VISO 80014 VAR" ISL Pat 0001 *ir Pt A, aHl t Yil Asui*vo~ IIIS C g5 sp wilo Iloq ido, IHHM 195 SEC Di3 0It3D o/ OMU oSol *Slmfl d'iu ounoW iSVVHVG 110331 A a-C C-P OOOL SEE Lu IpV poll WaiV OSS dW/ SPN ow0 IH RA 9S4dm *uldol '06 ss OSt sed POO*ox HS wspC0 Ag aln Oss w S 9-6 d Or 5 09Wu SAVOI 51*0 SCC t ICO o0 lIseS Jo 66 f1 i 1)4540 diii joinS unouei Aed-dny SoSelim Al ) oupnfC OtS9CI sO ZL I Z culenn al nisronAJIou d 1529111 Atce Weolls' SEl~ se PR sa h~t pa~anal~ &iinI USA to Sol/ )a* Asi. wO/U0O iGUli P8iiS)IUH SIPvAV1V 1JV 9 v C9 0-9 *OiAuE AupId ao uAI LAOS a$ Alu uop AllopoillelC/d b0uIT 1 3A0 311 9. -P *ulmdS 'lit S 4iC pue Olp sHleO 9 -C, SAW* Al ii J l0j is 100 ito m*OB U M O~v t Pal 115v 11 S111910HA0f1 o~eu G' 093 iCC Ie|M 000$ HLI*U 41*1J AO eSewlo NOOON U1/ON *CHS J0A 9 5 C So tniV 96LS Lot doid Al0 psOsUA 0q Loop >tuonros P ulin dsous O t 01108 sew doOlIs PH '01 3IS3 lo sOwIwl OUPdS 9 S c v Sin Al tisSCC 098 01 Oct SliOS POCI I A *ils UMI 10 Ino SOUO~WPLH li/MOD l5wiA 9 v Z v LL SEE le 'ARM 110 moU MA ALSHMipIPJ4 IuICMO SIuJe pus CslAp elQnop W 3 4U0IulD"n 9 9Z PC a 0595 tI Plan iSI oet 2d ODES Aluo upefl i3lyS 3flVU I Noi 9590Eo *A M'btiCAIun M CoC 6P.0$ diI Par 18251 d SIL$ plu'd agI DIUCNoicd Eel (Ru/S11P t 01/O0 S QUuee BA C v L OSt JOIIouW Vol 4de0 I CIL to I/AL ppyndWO Boot$ AIOIl I Pu A doidul SOL Sd OSGE$ 04 99C 8IOL4iON S6O L$ '99C On See 1 11il Poted 96 54 3 ZLO to? Dn joidolow sa'idsjS (asl) qual, qui opnPlio moll CswelsAS Jep1 lqUU woo JSMO oi OWNS solid UP H SC1i//ON Spvidwol *'0tl 5AD COiiP gt I LAC saindWCp 18 31N3 OHil 09 5O t *i v t06 05JOAN il ASSET *MU~ *j10 A PU B *WOd 9Nfl05 J'CUCNd OCfSi'O PUC .w0H usuwd.4(o'.Bedcinv'Cw'iv 453 CO--w 311111 ?Wxw6 1cV PON S11fl21' t CtAP CAPtE LC IS 10IO39 sti y jePCuCO if0ICJ ijWso O9 S v SL6OSLC UlOO HHS Step HoU$ is% uOOJPsa 9ig la aos 0 ope&$L 9-St OC P *C9tL1C 9-StiE IS C I MN SIZE aiilii AD UoltOOI "M Ono iV Is *iow t pup Auos P00au 15 MBON"S Aup.n06 00 05 -s o mit J d costs n iXl 'AI'lV .ds "iI &AI *puCJQ ax eudt 31VS HOA 9 St P LISP IE PIANO A ABAvSe tants Jin III 0WS I il 9 No JointS UJlPCOMA Pug sopjq 804mi v040UeJfe 11 1" 01 JA S 01 CA p CiE see 0it1143 Ani' v onJoIN3 AeP1m peopi ALIPP revil MS 9S p p P Jazz ciEO Dn Z I owfosit Oui.41v A0 l USUAL v ilmo ldt SISSpE UJI' No WOW Uppc ewuions ]OW pporm Sat A i I e up tells 99LO CC S 14O JMOI slIiIn WE JIUCIM I jd Z 053 undesstnl4 Jat 90i10 g oi S fl 6 Atn to LJCi Je os SWOO S S 9 vozsg ii join Iod 0w l Cwwuns iot lo papIapni *q U/L Z"PoC TOus V1 SIN LId 559P 99tl C/ UNA'M JIRO Alti PVOUW' IRAV Ain an6 s owtSnsas LU MS AspUSBM Opuca tQt/jPoQ aimus O0 POPeOu loItW' SN A S S S V .MON VL ItV P U'u Liar two '33111 1, s8ulr POE OCAJ OSLS OH PISWi U sIMr "A OD'N InOA 3 S 55 A 9L*9 Cit ItO Amp Pdv 1i0H LiU*WON puL0qI l1 -5 JOIw l' Z 'i I poIuOl L~IfJ 0oLqpqz 8eLO 01 S'NI] 5-*-9 P SCSI -Li HAVE ORD o01A05 It )US 411511 6% One/rt ASIA VIAinp at t~oiN sli SCAd*P 01 U fSE 01*j4 1115W OEM( S S S P 69PP SCE wled ItoD I'in P I CALS $SRillA P0ami ul R Q/APO Joi LOVE Jot SIN lioudS 'Ii 4 0IJSIbti PALAS 5 55 P SSO aCb Et IM I 0W/05S HCetprU i io JeW0nS 1 P1PG*L htopOOS sN SS V l6ot SeC 00, Hul, jfl O waui LOU u'e@*M uin, A'" U too 0 U nnaw wfn l* C Qfln ANA W VM MOOPt8M)VO SS"e SEC 10 ASCS PIP IT Tell 1I CAW sow 04 swuons t4 iIn A 1 OwS its wAt1p9 uiO PeluRAJ ]Up SIN I Uie9)4 I18A 8!U5JA Aq Jelli uoos Aq S S S a SELL Sit SE$ *S AI II e I 4001 1 ini 0) 'L 'nti 14gaied *slt il) PAPJU pappltI Will 4n1 g/C O L 4109M swpeq Z S S W v 9Sil se Osw Al 10 lilo 1LIOW OpOL's iO *iULJ at tUmiieloid sead 0B*u uC p0e11U PO AiniA moe QI/tt at P*olSMw PiUewoo S S 1, C 0ds spl SEEt ,ALA 1190 Ow PZ BOl iiw U lopi tsin)%wi Sop #6100uSnI A1 in ISO CA 10j Ai OoipO Z Blow$I 01 A 033M ,01up Jai 8990 Set IO OR 9 iod Anl i STiN *liHto iwo C I A Al PO HES WOOD Lfo oJEA Cai ip -e LULOC I cloOLD S,1 SA l qS/S 6/ 11 I 1 Il I SL L$ plsrLJ~C 011E Pa e tJiql I? Li' uwool UM oz 0u u O 111 S/Li 5Ui00 AS.3 PISI 9t SAV IUJ 1lU' I -OCl lU0' OHBWOH 0 Slan wool ldM PoIUesM a11ww008o A 9 0 P atSte w ome, CLAS C 4001 to m SV$ 1' $0 Si0l 1/nJ AI p ide qz A, WCOO LIP M jPOI e1VAJ NO'lIN311 S 5 I SL60 94C IlD ow00g be) deot ON Side VolvO AousCO'u 41 jnous O R 96CS CLC iliE doiel p/oi9ii CII cdoeu oIOUIUtS S~ A,.A eQo li .igdn um 1owWn* Ci'S 01 A s/u ivnu JoutO oii ~ S /9 9 9/6 5SCC eiWLO'n JOE ,aA,pBqte* dpealp i' SeI ll, PSHLIIn Pill niLD n at *go>n IS IL V 043,V 0 iOuioD &,nO po)1uf4s S1 iq v *flgjtiOd IIIoj YSYPosU S3i1,41001 S S t P SOW Camel Sue CU' ISze IC Ilan A iIAV 'mn, .O, r$ de *q2'pqz 01et01 c pip CJon Poio a21 rO 0'!IS AlO Viln S-sr P opAIt. C AS" Loss iPn L I .* OWioo$ pAjADVAu 1 14/dsn "w.MPIIm Ago lcaclA POCM psjo'ad SIN AIIM Vote puod AILnp uP woJpqg nooe*oB Jai 1A S S * 'tOO 5CC1 UiS01113 titeld ~~~~~SS9 9 v@ 0 LASge s1961110$vi poA III MOH 1t I ADO) MCPTUiflPU* 0o sloinvi *441Up V All Cl IJiuM H -. ? 0ew a A ICE 1,0 Stu Am $0 /J1 JUA 1q 0 J*WWfnS UISt pUS WuOOJ jAW CAiNWIwPO 1 WLt I pl 0 *itw OJUMA s13$n oe ORSt PI 11111 C/t +3N ILUAI-I Ae Site dj aMO OMW04 MuA Ajll Z up Woo] NMO iOLPLS hil JASU 3SnOH 1V3H0 WE/ 1ItoulWO H10 selilpin Lst JIM P0*1 OM some t 'lal oCitMSIwW00o S 9 0 0 e9ll LE usane Sow AH I ii3 *ellhnIiin I 0L*JlO At LiiLMO WOLODS Ci 14ITA ietwLwfs o t a i l a l u I-e sa e l lw B a c P OEWm S u0i Ottiop W0ij OIOafl SeCfH4 JPot 1JeUL4 sr S t Nogo ,tc Cow Al *inr ileo 98li$um Awn smOA 'od ds snoludi 111 0 owns Pill up Hl lutio 5-C Z # 991 9C 11O il Stool iOAO MAlA 'iTA an0a% 014*1 *9fl10 in I CAP "Ct *lqS A' ide UOLi *q U Z0 1 *3u t PI fERU Jiti I S Is SawAisatt I / SCdoP e6ew p OSCI .OW I) Ails Pit Alto* I S I7 Apot l l* o' d '.q/Jpq Ji/O i''I'' III .oil90 ual ALSO 'spurilH 'teN Zk/S l5AI ioAd A SIN Oil PLH Smibma pUOi IVuiOell Ainwnl eep4 S C PCI L9 SZE *AP 11t 0 I ON~ 00$ ln II I CW Z2/5Zt 'uinn POO' ,oqije'u *OIu uOlIsIOW MN JuUCAUOW' inlOit tqz'pqC P0) polluA *IwLwAotJ 3vi 004 Sa1vwh0ooN saivrno00 SUvnoou SI LVDfl IV 'Z1T 'RlAAVGNOYI N ill q46+n vi r ai ." ))IC9 -Oad 9' ,,'7.a vaiM ii rontj Sup 'IL "I'VS 9Od (D plmost O 4 01 -Ssrt6 AN110 Al 

PAGE 16

16, A'llCA R, MONDAY, APRIL 2. I99 MOTORCYCLES 8 C tp or noS I f I 2hts K 4 .I I IQ II 1A I 14. 1 m $m 5 d o g 11 (a I!film lr canr, 10/n 5 4l f 8 H' iai rope 5100 i .cor o 4'? SSIC'A ( C A M 4 1 C e 85 Yia ili X J/100 a fhrsI reIi ,I I.Up I, oH, I Di ,.r u-' gretu ul ruo1or I or X l Is CCA, J IiP 6194 1o or e'ais '18' iord l ie uns good Ii a e rl rCIuded $700 ti best ofler Mi a1 310 on189 leaved message blue can 46 1o 9 AUTOS 1906 Toyola Corolla 0TS nalchbacs black Iwin cam 16 valves exuelrentI I) duluor $5950 obo Must sell J.11 U5 S396 4 3 5 0 85 pW JET IA GLI good sporty rel able IIanporlion 1uns and looks grear gray wbick Tni cill MARK ai 373 )81 4 4 5 9 80 VIW Falcto Converible 141, .is good 5p Fo IUN 335 71 12 1v 'ms9 $3800000 4 4 9 1985 .1'2 od F scori Great sluden ca' In good cord I pel lent gas mi $2B0oo obo 375 2513 or 3S 835 4 2 3 9 61 Honda Accord hatchback good cond Ion rename $1000 3/1 1900 4 4 5 9 1978 oyota Corona station wagon Rel, able Original Owner $1100 376 7535 leave message or 371 1900 4 4 5 9 1900 Darsun 210 New repars lsI com pled purrs like the 80 s $750 0 a Call Phil at 336 6966 4 2 3 9 84 NISSAN 300ZX Turbo Auto I DA miles must sell $6895 373 3512 4 2 3 9 19/3 Alta Romo Corverni e Spder Red giol end $2900 ono Cili Saran 395 529 3 3 9 1, 11 True You Can Buy Jeeps '0 544 ihrougn the U S Goverrnment G arn facts today? Call I 708 742 1142 Fir 688 4 3r1 q SIZED CARS trucks 4 wheelers Vs stereos iurniure computers by DEA FBI RS and IJS Customs Availamo, your area now Call 1 805 682 7555 L xi C 1570 (Cali 7 days a week] 4 2 1 9 1979 Olds Cutlass Supreme new painl uphoistry brakes plugs and wires Also "ans still nd wVA, $990 Cai 3;1 2261 4 6 5 9 10 WANTED tocal Arlusi needs GOLD Gems Class Rings ETC lop $0 or iade 01ixe$ Fine Jewelry 373 9243 4 30 15 10 11 SERVICES NW Mini storage al I 75 & NW 3AY Ave near OaksMailarea 5 5 10 1x 20 Iron $20 10% disc to Sludents 332 $917 4 30 75 11 BREAD & ROSES ABORTIONS 1233 NW j0th Ave 372 1064 MCIVSAtnsurance Free Pregnancy Tes Me mber Naional Abortion Federlin 4 30 15 11 SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED DISEASE Gel Cofllideflhi resiorg and Irea-lonl at PLANNED PARENTHOOD 3770601 4 30 5 I AAA STORAGE Close I* OF Conwenis 4x4x4 $Iimo W33SW grd Aft 3Sn-17l 5 30-751I ** GATOR MOVING F ui Sry Mov;SrcrageiPecling I Ie *fT$se Full DaysiEves Long dig Lst a.l 374 a79t 4 3o 75 "1 SLEEPY OLLOW HORSE FARM Aes. sors boWarding a woods' fiseidies A ay Ades MVIS ales A wortrn tuiU aMcted 4M-3224 371-00 43 M 75 1 SERVICES Fri Mio' age ,160 N 1s1 Alvd 1 10 lOX 10 10 X 20 (aU U(3A 6 3,/86 47120 11 MOVrNG HwiNig our o lime Itor Caloi Moving pick up lronn & delce' your an longings to you nine aill 374 41 314 4488 4 3021 11 SUNBELT MOVING* Proes ional MovtnPePaCking & Supplies I itern ouse full LocA/Ln dier Lic;Irss Picid for Students' Marty 375 MOVE 4 30 75 11 *FREE* Pregnancy Test a nosyriIe Womens IIFAt It CFNIF A ,?O NW /3rd Avenue 3;/ 5055 ABORTION ITo 24 Wks) FIF TH CONT AOL GVni,, ology Services 4 II II CALL CJ THE DJ 0-o DJ seince al 375 8483 4 13 36 11 ONE STOP DENTISTRY Acceping new pis amerg Adil cleaning $28 trio $I8 141 I te $325 3)WsU tee $250 l2F1~d lee $200 N 'i'ou Oxide AcceorMC V AE Valid orly wilh coupon up O4 people HT Gonsouin DOS 3729521 331 15 11 COidr & Bass Lessons lailored for you goals Top prolessorrai wi25yrs ep Be 'nni' Ad, Suzukl baled children a erhod avaacie I airy 336 5624 4 4 5 GOLF ERSi Perfect your swpng with revo I rionary Iraiinog dcv ice Rod 335 6413 before noon 4 3 4 1 1 CulT AR iearn 1o play now11 4 or 6 5F acouslc or ciectric Just say YES to 'II Prob'emrs in Main' Tn call Greg Pro es so ral and Reliable Tarcring oered TI 3/7 1415 lease Message 4 5 5 11 MOVING? Re source fw student w*uI SiZ" FUIN will Ocal any price ir town 336 9461 4 25 19 11 TYPING 12 SERVICES YOU WRITE, WE TYPE soir ss Legal Personal Repor I Tern Papers Typeset Resume Eic G vpie Handicapped Typing 378 D179 4 30 75-12 *Typing reporls business legal i.eguas clsella transcribed appi cations lorerl A notary *eI; Available 24 hou'sil days32 2777 4 30 75 12 TYPING SERVICES Tyl'"3 $1 00 Do r, 'f I bru whaftr' p in VWIS y NW 13 4 1 I I $i; 0o r Iool I I' Mll D CF NT1 1 19 .1 .o ) I % I Is I V _o I~' ti o fi F PI 1 Fi I I o '0 Pg RsIniis $6 Spit cice vsmIles $2 50 Ir *Iu.jIle I sfer 1ypeser graphCas sup1e IIe( k IflIses papers a spec or chrd, icrs ermp oy rneni databases iaImerge ira r ing Wor peeect specialSf Visa MC 1 30 65 12 fypingr Word Processing Oual TVdepernd able service Reasorable rares I ase, ofier 377 81 15 l11 9 npm 4 30 2 12 Typing/Wordprocess,rg WodPerC1f 5 1 quality work test results low fates dependable personal service Tra 33? 1469 1 30 54 12 I YPING Near Bufife Paza F as Ser vice $1 25 doubr sphari Call 313 838, 9 30 12 *Word Procaslsng* Prolessioni qUl'y Y at student prices Fast ruable seivico Grad school law Sth oleporic0 318 128 4 1310 12 24 HR TYPINGiWPS LASER PRINTER E NGLISH GRAD Fdii pooe spell no cholesterol ROP 36 3649 4 25 21 12 Typing and Wordprocess no egal Ierm papers ct Proless onal Qual I a' a reliable service Cail NJrOcy 37d? P F0 4 '0 1012 Po 11 In Ariling -asrm accurale reliable service MasieIs F pnglsh will Cneck spell' og and eAr 24 his 3 3 '93/ 4 30 ?3 Q BJ S 24 hour wonrdprocesing Repors resumes cover letters and more Cal 336 8535 Call returned ASAP 4 30 21 12 **ACE WORDPROCESSING** esunmes lorrm papers disserfafions legal technical 335 7064 4 20 15 12 13 HELP WANTED ADVERTISING MAKE UP ARTIST Be a part of The enclbng world o1 news pers Are you liablel? Dependablai Enjoy a challenge? Have an ineres in exactly how the pages of the newspaper are-made up? Comento lhe Independenm Florida Alligator between 8-4 and 1,11 cup an application Mustbo avl' for tra'inin immlediately H's Mon Fri 6 10 pm Must be avail sumIer & pal No phone calls please EOE AVON 375 96; Sell Avon Full or Part time We I rain Benefits Insurance 4 30 75 13 NEW ENGLAND BROTHERISISTER CAMPS MASS Counselor Positions to, program specialists Team Sports Ten ns, Performing Arts. Wateriront nnoir Mah KeeNac(Boys 190 Unden Ave Glen Ridge NJ 07028 Danb-egir's 16 Horseneck Road. Montville NJ 07045 Pleas& call 1 000-71fl0520 4-iS 48 13 P1-11ian m Day Sbaf" -of tAm Chow PC Lab, 17th A t A, sw m~iA~ HELP WANTED Nee voluilee lo, a 2 week Study 01 4 now 0por .Iqis lidicliolli 311 S3 I 10 4, 3 EARN $35 TCweek o' new donors to2 vi2 I rsm donalions or Oi now dulomalCit i a chines SpI ii bon, program s 0c montr -ree reresltmets free pirkig I sperienced sill serving you since r9 Cal or slop by Gaines vie plasma 2II SW 4th Ave 370 4431 Mon Fri 8 Sal 8 2 4 30 73 13 Cashier enrgelic responsible person for full time position Apply Florida Book Spe 1614 W Univ Ave 4 2 5 13 Art Graphics Art Ed le 10 15 hr per week begun C term 5 blocks train IL a' lelering Job $3 75 ago or n siart Heply Ba 286 Gurlesvlle 3260? 4 3 5 1 Ba is is Looking [or alp slche help Please apply in person at 1719 W Univ upstairs) 336 111 4 3 5 t3 Altnorn SIuLde'Is' F ull and part lirr work Ivanable' LI ce' leni pay hours credibly lexibie Call 372 146 4 4 6 13 Earn top 5 Day .evening shifts avail Teloarkelino Hourly commission r bonus 1 595 1866 423 13 HELP WANTED WAITRESSOV'WAITER Hiring for sumiceorfall positions F sot ace necessary No phone calls prii SNUFFY'S 1017W UnIv Ave 4 3 5 13 One posillon open lor Resident Managerinihe Div of Housing Posidonto begin May Supervise staff of 3 in VIl. lag. of 350 apts Adminleflallve &community dav responsibilities Pan tine position For full time UF Student $S500112-mos Plus ePT at $SOmo (uilRties not included) Deadline April 12 Applications at Div. of Hous corner of Museum A SW 131h 91 4 11 11 13 Research Sublects age 40 53 needed lor a study of face perception memory Must be born in US all Pa'd 378 5218 4 24 ,3 Alenlion perfect lor studenis M F 5 30 9 3oprm phone sales, hourly wages plus bonus Frendly atmosphere After fpm 378 3238 4 3 2 13 Does your fralernity sorority Or organic zation need $$$ ior your spring activilies? Participa, a one week on campusir kolenn project Cal J.fl at 395 9890 4 2 Need a summer job? Florida has ihou sands of job opportunities All areas complete illing Call 1 407 347 1490 4 THE REITZ UNION CINEMA PROUDLY PRESENTS: The star Ear (Irsducae Dfusttn fojJmw. and Anne Eankcrojt musLc by Stmon Sy Garjuna diere= by fle NcIse 1957 in' "LASERVISION" ohp M bak Aw bn.4p@akLg -w Wun din p0" Monday, April 2,1990 Showings: 7-00pm & 9:30 pm Ad imon: Studenis $1 Gener Public 51.50 -"''' I .e '1 STUDENT GOVERNMENT is accepting applications for the following positions 1) Directorships SCapital Improvements -Graduate Student Affairs Career Resource Center Liaison -Campus Polling, Inc. 2) Assistant Treasurer 3) Cabnet Staff 4) University Committees (End of Semester deadfin) APPLY ROOM 305 PM CIAntULt 1111111 APSIS6 ype |--i 

PAGE 17

MONDAYAPRIL iIM. AWLAIDR.,17 HELP WANTED "I Lost 10 lbs. in 10 Days, by eating cookies" Phonix High Fber. In. Fat (Miur made with 00% rganik(ant J c air n only (said flor you hut Tastr Great' Have I toxkk forBrrakfat I (akklr fi nch i a rrnnal ,ral at imppeInim, TR it! Balloons B ears 375-1 99 BUSINESS 14 PERSONALS COMPUTERS. Terminals A Tc's buy sell trade rent 1 repair Great prices OUAL ITY, CocS 10 W Univ 338 0378 4 30 75 14 g ------1 lastadia t film' Cabana I 1712 W Units Ave I I I This Weeks Super Special 6" Italian Melt I $250 I PIus 20 other lunch specials I Iom $195 I call ahead for last takeout WILD HAIR $5 HAIRCUT $20 PERM Cur or body $35 SPIRAL PEWM $18 Hi-LIGHTS $45 LEISURE CURL $20 RELAXER $25 CARE-FREE CURL EN WOMEN & CHILDREN WALK.NS WELCOME OPEN MON-SAT 10-6 pm GATOR PLAZA 31h St. A Llly* MONDAY, APRIL 2 7Tlent Night 8-11 P m at University Auditorium as 15 PERSONALS LADIES MAKE MONEY We ou, S.' good used clothilg Call Second Ar 3'3 852; 430 /S 5 VuarnetCarrera/ay SanrGator Great pric. reg or rx sunglasses The Opical Laboratory 378 5S83 618 SW a Ave I blockFo AIa Gen 4 30S75 15 CAMP ANDROSCOGGIN Main boys Csm seeking out going stall to teach Fennis A saIling also have opening in an"e. riflery dramatics and craft Excel. 101 facilitslabgnaous lime of Write or call collect at 733 West Stree. HarrIson "aw ork 10526 "*l4*35500 4 4 CAUISESEtP NOW HIRING for SPRING Christmas and nOmi summer breaks Many positions Call I 805 682 7555 f I S 115(call 7 days a week) 4 2 1 13 EARN BIG SUCKS Campus Connections toe too college magazine needs ambrious s ludents to sell ad Space, and help publish your school's Sdilon We provide trading full or oar, time CallecO) 342 5118 4 3 5 13 PART T IME WORK as days wk ends sumer for resp cali studenis Alians heavy iting required Call 374 4791 374 4488 4 13 10 13 SCREEN PRINTER Now hiring experiarced Printers and ArtIsts -Part time Reply I0 Box 5n Micaropy, FL 32867 Wilt call 10 achadule Interviews ExpeI once ONLY please 4-13-10-t3 but dnr Orb Nat r Foods and Vrtamnas rkestock Sandals Sunf~lower Healthl Foods 87 SWa 341th Si 372 1492 30 75 IS PREGNANT? Don t guess Gal .mmediale lost results from a liablee source PLANNED PARENTHOOD 377 0881 4 30 75 15 SAILING 40 Morgan wvcalinam St Au gustine $100/day a people ma, slIs'person with 6 147*0080 49 10-15 Anybody can sell low once but at E Z Ten Toa, we are making it a career Sal. or no Sale we will beat any price in town 4 6 his SCUBA CLASSES Reglasr MOw Classes beginning 4 9 and 4 19 Call or coma by Water World 720 NW 13 St 377 2822 Gv ise leader in Over Education for over 12 yes 4 3 6 IS YenO Men -o ume CALL am cau. 1-eer t yEnd.0IGA fnished/iisarnishd We're "1ew & Improved"I Conveadent to W, Shands. Soppin Dining 1VticaI. Pets we Isis. I or 2 Bedroom Townhouse. Fully Remvated rr Fall Landmark lIlS I6thAw It PERSONALS NEED LOW COST Get spae Mludenm and all supplies al HOOD 37708*1 4 BIRTH CONTROL d-icounIs oa exams PLANNED PARENT 30 s is Dear Barbara Sorry I miased you during Break week Whie I was in Town i found rMy place Fall Frederi ck Gardens a y I 1 SW Ave They even have reduced rates summer Call them today al 372 7555 Love, Richard Will you have early mspomibility/decisim making authority, a wide variety of clinical asignment anas, opportunity for advanced education on full salary, unparalleled job security find professional status? As a Navy nurse you'll halve all i plus an excellent salary and benefits package Why suite lor just a paycheck when so much morw could be your on your very firs job! Don't you owe it to yourself to check it ou' Por moe infonnalion call; 1-800-342-8123. M-F 9-4. MAUI TME GRASS GREENR ON vOUN S DE .r NWWVpt7HW SIi PERSONALS Look Your Rest Everydayi Call Katie a Omega Elacrolyss Inc for 'alo about mis PERMANENT rca' a. o unwanted QCCaIl & body h i 374 430 4 30 75 15 $STUDENTS GET CASH$ For Quality Used Clohing Call Sandy s 372 1226 211W Univ Ave next to can i'al City 4 30 75 15 SAVE ON RAYBANS University Opticians 300 SW 4th Avea 372 4460 4 3088-IS5 SHYDIVE Skydive with he Williston Skydivers 336 7970 4 5 15 15 COUNSELORS Imale A males) for Nor lh Carolina 'Sinest A week children sum mer camp Cool mountain climate good pay and great tun'1 Fp noi necessary For brochureapplicaleon Camp Pine wood, 20205 1 NE 3rd Court Miami. it 331'or phone305-722 7580 46,3 5 ROOM A FOOD STARTING $I45mo Spring, Summer A Fall housing avail al CLO includes 10 mals/wk Unit pd, I bik to Up 377 4259 or stop by 117 NW 151 St Student runit 4 2 5 15 FISHERMEN Learn to lie fles or re & salt water species course begn& Ar'il ,S Into cll 378 8315 10 am 4 2 55 VISA OR MASTEACARIC E vn I bank rupt or bad credit' We Guarantee you a Card or d*ubt@ our money back Ca 1 805 682 7555 it, M 1202 (C.j' C days a week 4 2 t 15 BEAT THE HEAT in ail The latest men s & women s swimT A suiTerwea a usi Gotcha Quikoilver Raisin Vuarnel 9 more Lloyd Clare Sports M504 NW 13 SI 4 6 Today Stands on Yesterday World F edor aron 0o Europeans brth Or deSCrBox 14262 North Palm Beach FL 33408 4 6 S 17 18 RIDES $45a m Miami WPBPomP $30 oin S yrs of waly Fri's/sun bus trips Pets OR Oka trentported GUMC trans 336 7025 (3051 266 3788 A 30 75 19 20 LOST& FOUND Fndera Keepers If you Imd something. you can place a FREE ad in his section Be kind to some one wtho losI what you found Call 373 F IND Lost mrans 2 tone brown leather walet a Hogan. Hero Sub Shop or in vicinity of NW I 31h ST I1 found please call Beau at 371 2025 or Iv msg Io quesiont asked) 4 2 5 20 Found set ot keys in Bryan Hall beafor spring break 370 4516 4 2-3-20 FOUND W McDowell a wallet Call 375 1387 4 2 3 20 Found mcroscope lens 3027 near Shands 3Siffi 4-2 3 20 Leal kty trrh N1 an eraigi s5t,*W btan cal 352-043 or 392 1240 wok ler Nil 4 2-2-20 FOUND Ten du M white pags A fa. by Murphree Has h (recently momer) call 306-03S or 3l-7025 4-3-3-20. LOST MENS WATCH 10rt2 buar Brqerd Tern. Cegris Reward 372-4255 46. 211 FoundTiy single side lflv OlOn H*in Center n 3422 2-3320 Mr 4-4-3-20 FO Chrysler key by LA ee CM 302-4711 4 4-3-20 Qualry ten lls shoes under 530 Aerobic shoes $35 running shoes Z5. 4b nir B 4 U buy check owT I' Te'Is We are small yes ur we Car sve you A urdi d 68 is I I Tenns ler, 'he besi n 3Gcme's shoes sporlswe,' Ci.r S A iCLLSore a 1ow Prices will q'ea sell crv 14 St Plaa 4 6 8 15 Dear Howard Spring Break was greinn hanks ro Break away Tours outl now rs back 1 the books I found a new place 10r the Fall Frederick Gardens at 1730 SW fill Ave if you 0 sill looking cMai 1? 1555 to intormation Luv Ya sally 4 4 5 15 At EZ Tennis we provide our customers with 3 things quality produces gHfal prices ecellent service When you think about MI. anyIhing else as uncivllioe 4 6 8 15 STRINGING at Ef Tennis has been on sale for 3 years which nakes I1 ouI daily price Once again we rest our case 4 6 UMBRO IS HOT! and we Ye got Ions o I For the latest si ves & a great sle ion check u L oyd Clarke Soors 1904 NW 13 S 37? 7836 4 4 3 $5 16 CONNECTIONS GAY SWITCHBOARD 332 0700 24 Mrs InfoiRlterra 4 307 i1 Wanted Steady wkOul prone eves at Lel Got Phu Just starting re wis naut aer obis Call 374 8439 with your schedule 4 34 1S 17 NOTICES SWIMMEET Men Sand women aoud meet on Apil 17 and to SQr. Lp o0 2 noOn ODAv in room 24 01 the V oda Gy For more rorma a Call 392 08s, 4 i 1 7 Across rsrom ( urmpus \sI fit Hnld tn STUDENT NURSE Are you many to put your degree to work'O 

PAGE 18

i. AIJJ GA1R, MO NDAY. APRIL I 199) Women's 'surprises' By GUERRY SMITH Alligator Writer Surpnses abounded Friday in the third-ranked UF women's dual match with Texas at the Varsity Courts The first shock was that the match was not rained out -a light rain delayed the start of play from 2pm until about 5:15 p.m., and heavy rain appeared imminent for most of the day Then, when competition began, the expected battle between the secondand third highest ranked freshmen in the nation turned into a rout, as tips Andrea Farley cruised past rexas Susan Gilchrist 6-0. (1-2 And the ladyGators (19-2),whohad struggled to defeat fifth-ranked California in their previous match, won this one against the 11th-ranked lady Longhorns (12-4) without losing a set in four of their five singles victories liP earned a 5-1 victory when rain forced the cancellation of the doubles matches. Lady Gators coach Andy Brandi gave Farley the option of playing No. 1 or No. 2 singles because No 2 player Nicole Arendt had beaten Gilchrist before, but Farley chose the tougher match. She immediately took command against the net-charging Gilchrist, who chose to attack Farley's strength, her backhand. She had lost to Gilchrist in a tournament last year, but this time she ripped one wnning backhand passtennis team No. 11 Texas ing shot after another past her bewildered opponent. I've learned to really mix up my passing shots between angled cross. court and down the line," Farley said. "I was a bit nervous all day I was nervous when I had the option. But I knew I was playing much better than last summer and it would be a whole new situation." Farley said she could not have been better-prepared for the match. "I was very happy about coming back and beating her the way I did," Farley said. "What helped a lot was practicing against Nicole Arendt. She's a lefty, a serve-and-volleyer, and she's got the same game as Gilchrist It helped so much." Fittingly, the match ended when Gilchrist was barely able to get her racket on a Farley passing shot. Over. all, Gilchrist held her serve only twice and never won more than two points on Farley's serve. "I think Andrea Farley is a much better player than Susan Gilchrist, and she proved it tonight," Brandi said. The entire team, not just Farley, was impressive. Nicole Arendt won for the 16th consecutive time, dispatching Carla Cossa in straight sets at No. 2 singles, and Holly Danforth. Holly Lloyd and jillian Alexander won their matches. Cathy Goodrich, subbing for Amy Alcini at No. 6 singles, was the only UF player to lose. Tennis team finds magic combination By GUERRY SMITh Alligator Writer Although UFfreshman Bruce Haddad hashad an excellent season overall, he had struggled at No I singles entering Sunday's dual match against South Florida at the Varsity Courts, compiling a 1-4 record. This time, however, he rallied from a 2-5 first-set deficit to beat Jose Campos 7-5, 6-2 at No I singles, leading the Galts to a 7-2 victory. UP improved to 12-6, while USF dropped to 8-9. The baseline battle between Haddad and Campos featured several long rallies as the two players ran each other from side to side, but Haddad re bounded from a slow start to control the match. He broke against USF the match that I thought Campos has always had stamina problems Chances are the guy is going to run out of steamP Although the 7-2 team score was similar to the 8-1 result in the teams' earlier match in Tampa, the victory was much tougher. Flaying without its top two players, USF won no more than four games in any set of its losses in the first meeting. Ibis time, only two of UPs singles victories came easily. Freshman David Blair crushed his opponent, Carl Wennerlind. 6-0, 6-2. Duvenhage moved Blair, the team's former No. I player, to No. 4 singles, a change he said he should have made earlier in the season. "I did this with Warren Brooks last year," Duvenhage said. "I left him at No. 1 singles too long, and he lost his confidence. I said I made a mistake and I won't do it again, and I did it again. It's not very smart coaching. wHe went out on the court and thought he was going to win, and because he thought he was going to win, he was going for his shots." In doubles, Haddad hurt his left knee in a collision with Blair, but continued playing. Although Haddad was limping after the end of the match, which the duo won 6-2, 6-1 over Chris Marquez and Roy Weinberg, he said the injury was not serious. In other action, Rick Holton, Jim Spencer and Doug Proudian won their matches, while Gary Finnegan lost a tough three-setter. Jim Spencer and Jeff Mager lost at No. I doubles and Warren Brooks and Gary Finnegan were victorious. Courts. Campos' twice in a row to win the first set. Haddad said he never was concerned about losing to Campos. "He was playing well, but doing nothing to overpower me," Haddad said. "I was making mistakes early. Even if I didn't win the set, it wasn't going to bother me." Nothing Campos tried in the second set worked. He hita couple of drop shots in the first game, but Haddad responded by hitting winners. Then, when he ventured into the net, Haddad passed him with perfectly placed shots. In the final game, Haddad hit the sideline with one passing shot and the baseline and the sideline with another. uI felt he played very well," UF coach Ian Duvenhage said of Haddad "I told him before Gainesville sharks checLi aut The Alligator for eating places. 4 (150/ Adveting Y 376-4482 The Gators ripped the Bulls 7-2 Sunday at the Varsity 

PAGE 19

MONDAY.APRIL21990.CA1GOR 19 Morris emerges as Gators' quarterback leader By GREG DOVEL AlIgator Staff Writer Less than a week ago, UF football coach Steve Spurrier waS faced with a serious dilemma, Spurrier, himself an All-American quarterback for the Gatorn in the late 1960s, had to whittle a group of five quarterbacks to a more manageable number -one. Saturday, Kyle Morris did everything he could to make that task a little easier. Morris, who started the first six games a year ago before his midseason suspensi on for gambling on college and pro football, leaped to the head of the pack at Saturdays controlled scrimmage, UPs last before this Saturdayfs Orange & Blue Gamne at the Cater Bowl in Jacksonville. starting position just yet, especially since his The 6-foot-3, 207-pound junior from Clinprimary competition for the job, Brian Fox, ton, Miss. completed eightof 11 passesfor sat out Saturday's scrimmage with a 149 yards and a touchdown as he led the sprained foot muscle. offense to a pair of touchdowns, one against "Who knows? Fox was hurt," Morris said. the first-team defense. "I still had a stupid Morris was 2-for-2 mistake (a short lob to against the first uni Ernie Mills in the end including a 30-yard M orris was 8-for-l i zone that Monty Grow scoring strike to seduring a scrimmage on intercepted). It might nior wide receiver be completely differTerence Barber. Saturday. ent Monday.* Kyle's probably After studying his ahead everybody else, Spurrer aid. "He quarterbackcor forthre weeks, Spurrer made aslot of fine plays. We're going to have announced a week ago that Momrs and Fox a fine passing offense." would see more action than sophomores Lex Smith, Shane Matthews and Donald DougMorris, wary after a month of battling for las, a freshman All-SEC pick a year ago. the starting nod, isn't ready to accept the Gators shine at Florida Relays Aee Staiffalvs _p Nagging Injuries weren't enough to prevent two UF track members from each winning an event Saturday in the collegiate invitational division of the 47th annual Florida Relays at Percy Beard Track. Cindy Hegceg, who pulled a muscle In her back last Monday, recordeda personal-best javelin throw of 173 fret, 11 inches on her first attempt to win the division and qualify for the NCAA Outdoor Championships, to be held May 30 In Durham. N.C. O wanted to get a good throw a quickly a possible, said Herceg, whose throw wa, more than eight feet better than her previous best. "lbt's why I w really happy, becase then I didn't have to worry about the mt." Herceg, a sophomore, said she plans to take most of this week off to ret her back, UF long-jumper Dion Bentley, mcovering frm a pulled hamstring, set a Relays record with a jump of 26 feet, 1/4 Inch, and also qualified for the NCAA. UP. Dorchelle Webster was named the mat's outstanding le trale performe. She w=a the 400. meter hurdles in 57.80 and ranaleg on the victorious 4x400 relay tam. Javelin thznwer'lbm Pukstyswoll his event with a throw of 252-1. 1 wanted to throw over 250 every time this year," Pukilys said. "But I was kind of groggy.it was like showing In molasses." The Tanpw-based Florida Clip pers dominated the meet, however, waning sasy of di. distance runofg events, The Clippers, founded by New York Yankees owner Gae Mebra mer, ar made up ofhaermrcollqgumersand Olyn, Aiba uiner Ala Mamn cariessA Sil birprt. Minian Talir was a maew" dWs w. tg4x400 relay team Saturday at the Florid Relays. But with Fox momentarily out of the picture and Douglas permanently out -he will transfer to Houston this summer Morris easily outshone the remaining competition to front of an estimated crowd of 500 at the Gators' practice field. Smith completed 10 of 22 for 178 yards and an interception. Matthews was 7-for-13 for 97 yards and an Interception. With the quarterback picture clearing up quickly, Spurrier said his squad is almost where he want, it to be heading into the Orange and Blue game. "We're getting closer, even though you're never completely satisfied," Spurrier said. heree were some excellent efforts out there today." Teams ready for NCAA hoops final DENVER -Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski just wants to play a basketball game and win a national championship. He can't worry about Armageddon. "I don't look at us as the good guys and them as the bad guys," he said Sunday. "I respect them -n a basketball team and as people." Duke (29-8) plays Nevadanlas Vegas (345) for the NCAA crown tonight at 9 p.m. in a game that will have considerably more to do with mem-to-man defenses than the final confrontation between the forces of good and evil. A ROUND SPORTS Duke and UNLV carry impeccable ba. ketball credentials. 'The Blue Devils are playing in their third straight Final Four. The Rebels hoe won at least 25 games the last eight seasons. Both are bidding for their first national title. Stainlod wins women's title KNOXVILLE, Tenn. -Sonia Henning scored 21 points and Katy Steding added 18 by hitting a record six three-point shots Sunday to lead Stanford to its first NCAA worn's basketball championship with an 88-81 victory over the Auburn. Stanford (32-1), hit 11of26 three-pointers and overcame an 11point deficit and 11 turnovers in the first half to win the title and send Auburn (287) to Its third straight defeat In a chanplonship game. Auburn'. Carolyn Jone, scored a gamehigh 24 points and also made the all-tour naament teas. Musiair'S contract aot ronewed DENVERBrint Musbirgerscontract with CBS Sports will not be renewed and his last appearance on the network will be at the NCAA men's basketball championship, the network announced Sunday. A CBS spokawo man woud notelaborate on the reasons for the doeswa. Musburger, who joined CBS In 19y5, Is scheduledto make Msfinal netwarkppeasne lnfigM when he does the plq*play at the gaie, CoaD~ejhatufaiedn AIfna"etb. ..I I I I I III W III I I I .I I I A I I .I ...." I .I .I .. 

PAGE 20

41 lj\(.kI)R MONI\Y M' RHLl 2 I' SPORTS UF leaning toward deal with Sunshine Network By MIKE DAME Alligator Staff Writer In recent years, UF has seen its in-state recruiting edge in many sports reduced by Florida State's growing athletic success and increased television exposure But things soon may change -at least on one front. High-ranking UF sources say the Gators are leaning toward signing a live-year pact w'th the Sunshine Network, which reaches 2 85 ndilon homes in Flonda Such a deal would end IF's three-year affiliation with SportsChannel Flonda, which is available in 800,000 homes in the state Both cable networks have placed offers on the table, and Jeremy Foley. UPs senior associate athletic director, said Friday it will be two weeksbefore a finaldecision ismade. But Foley admitted that"exposure is the key element in the whole package, there's no doubt about it "You hive to look 4t the whole pai ure." Foley said. "Obviously coverage to our fans is important, money is important, the whole bid is important. You have to look at which package is the most complete IF's contract with SportsChannel ends this school year, and sources say it also has offered a five-year deal Sunshine hascarried FSU sportingevents the past two years, and network president Dave Almsfead said his company is eager to add UF to its programming schedule. "We have, in the past, expressed interest in the rights to the University of Florida and havecontinued todo so nowthat theirrights are becoming available," Almstead said. In many local cable systems, SportsChannel is a premium channel which requires an extra fee. In Gainesville, SportsChannel is available to 40,000 homes, but only 11,000 pay the $2 90 monthly charge to access the channel. Seniors rule Senior Night gym meet at O'Dome By SHARON GINN Alligator Writer For years, Senior N ight has meant one last time for graduating UT gymnasts to show their stuff in front of a home crowd Friday night, no one Look that tradition more literally than Any Beispiel and Karen Brennalt the seniors packed a one-two punch in the all-around to help 15th-ranked UF pound Michigan State 190.85 to 184.20 in front of 3,013 fares in the O'Connell Center Beispiel, UF'shighest finsherat the Southeastern Conference Championships last weekend, won the meet with a career-high 38.30 -the top score for a UF gymnast this season At the SECs, Beispiel placed lIth in the all-around, setting a then-career-best mark of 37.55. It's no accident, she said, that she beat that mark Friday by almost a point. 'his happened to me four years ago when I was a semor in high school,' Beispiel said, "and I realized the last few high school meets I was ever going to be in (were coming up). "And now, it's the end of my career and I am just working real hard so everything can be right at the right time. And everything seemed to fall into place today." Although she hadn't finished in the top three in anything yet this season, Beispiel added two firsts and a second to her allaround win. She took top honors on the uneven bars with a 9,65, and then tied for first on the beam with Brennalt, scoring a 9.70 Beispiel also scored a 9.60 on the floor exercise, tying with teammates Christina McDonald and Melissa Kutcher for second place. Brennalt tied her season-best all-around total of 38.15 to take second overall. Although she posted career-high scores on beam and bars, she thought she could have done better. "I had a chance to break my career-high (all-around) until I missed the first pass in my floor routine," Brennalt said. "You put a lot of pressure on yourself in your last year to break those records. But it wasn't the last chance in front of a home crowd for Brennalt. who tied with UF junior PamTitus to win thevault event Friday night with a 9.60. She and the rest of the Gators will compete at home next week at their most important meet of the season the NCAA Southeast Regional. E ANN STOOMON -AttiOATOR Gato gymnast Pam THus performs In the floor routine during Friday night's meet at the O'Connell Ceonter. At regionals, UF will need to place first or score a high team total to qualify for the NCAA Championships, to be held April 20-21. If UF doesn't qualIfy. it will be the first time in the 11 seasons Ernestine Weaverhas coached the Gatos In anticipation of next week's meet, Weaver said her gymnasts used the dual meet against Michi"Ifi we hadn't been home it would have been different," Weaver said. "But afterthe tension "I think everyone had sort of a relaxed mindset going into the meet -just to go through and actually enjoy it for once.' -Christina McDonald UF gymnast and the atmosphere of the SEC., everything went like clockwork," And McDonald said she thought the meet was just what the team needed. 'After the meet at the SECs, where everyone was alittle bit jittery, it was good," McDonald said. "I think everyone had gan State to relieve sort of a relaxed mindset going into the meet the tension after their fifth-place finish at the -just to go through and actually enjoy it for SEC., once. and that's what we did." Ole Miss wins two of three vs. Gators Alligstor SUNl Roprt Mississippi reliever Dickie Dixon pitched 6 1/3 innings Sunday afternoon, surrendering only one hit, to lead the Rebels to a 6.3 Southeastern Conference victory over UF at Oxford, Mist. The victory gives Ole Miss the sees victory, as the Rebels defeated the Gators 4-2 in the first half of a doubleheader Saturday. UF won the second game 5-1. Ole Mis (13-14 overall, 4-5 in the SEC) rocked Gators starter Mike Juhl for four runs in the first inning to take a lead it never lost. UF came back in the top of the second with a pair of solo home runs by Jim Bell and MikeMoberg to draw to 4-2, and Bill Minnis scored from third base on a passed ball to make the score 4-3 at the end of three innings The Gators (16-15, 3-3) chased Rebels starter Michael Cosman, but they could come no closer. With the victory, Dixon improved to 3-1. Juhl dropped to 0-3. Saturday, pitcher Todd McCray worked the Gator out of a fourthinning jam and held the Rebels scoreless for the final three innings to give UF its lone victory. McCray entered the game with two runners on base and two out and the score tied at 1. He gain up a single, to load the base., but struck out an Ole Miss batter to end the inning. The Gators staked a 3-1 lead when reliever Richard Hines gave up run-scoring walks to Mario Iinares and Joe Rum In the sixth. In the seventh, Moberg scored on an RBI single by Herbert Pery, and Perry came around on a throwing error by Rebels catcher Brian Silvia. In Game One, Ole Mib broke open a 2.2 game in the eighth inning with a pair of mn. from Lee Hodge and Rob Boyd, who were tripled hom by designated hitter tarry Cannon. The Gators return to action Tuesday with a game against VskdiSc State College. 
