
PAGE 1

WHETHER High Today 98 Low Tonight 13 Chance of Snow INSNIDE Florida Porno ator Accent '68 Progrm See Page 25 THE SOUTH'S WORST COLLEGE DAILY Vol. 60, No. 106 University of Florida, Gainesville Monday, April 1, 1968 WHITE HOUSE APPROVAL EXPECTED Hershey Urges End To Draft For the first tim e in newspaper history action photos of a rape attempt have been recorded by a Pornogator lensman. The above pictures graphically portray one of the most horrifying events in campus history in which three unidentified coeds attacked fraternity man Spike Cuddleston. Cuddleston, who is noted for his innocent demur, was attacked while walking across a field near Browlard Hall. When asked to comment on the terrible experience Cuddleston said, "when rape is inevitable relax and enjoy it." Extensive Examination Files Found In IFC Headquarters By HARMLESS ALTER Pornogator News Editor A complete file system, forall UF courses including those on the graduate level, is being kept at Internal Fun Council (IFC) headquarters, the Pornogator is able to reveal after three months of investigation. The files, which contain all final examinations given here, most mid-terms, complete term papers, quizes and home-work assignments, were originally located throughout campus at each of the UF's 26 fraternities. After the Pornogator published an editorial on the file system and cheating last December the files were moved to IFC headquarters. IFC President Jamie Dezaney, in aninterviewSunday, denied the existence of files. "You know as well as I do that this is a fiction, a fabrication. The UF F man is dedicated to serving public and the university as much as possible. It is contrary to our beliefs to maintain any sort of files what-so-ever." However, Advisor to Fun-men Hairy Scarem, while not conceding the existence of files, said "the independents have them so I guess Fun men may have them too. My boys may note as smart as the independents," Scarem continued, "but they are learning."' Meanwhile Honor Court Chancellor Cheat Sinober, speaking from his padded chambers, said the Honor Court would launch a complete and secret investigation into files immediately. Sinober is a Fun man. Student Body President Snide Failer, a Signla Zoo, said he was outraged with news that files are existent. "This comes as a surprise to me," the former IFC president said. "Naturally I know nothing about it." Nevertheless, the Pornogator investigation reveals that UF Fun houses have had files for years. Recently, because of Pornogator (SEE 'CHEATING,' PAGE 3) Contorchians To Be Tried For 'Newspaper Incident' Flo Contorchians vigilantly awaits his trial before the Faculty Disciplinary Committe for the now infamous "Incident at the Newspaper Office." It hegan three days ago when Flo entered the office of the Florida Pornogator, au naturel. Well, this wasn't anything unusual, he went to his desk, smiled, and looked at his fellow worker. "Hello, fellow workers," he 4aid. His fellow workers looked back. And front. "Hey handsome," they retorted. And all was pleasant. But Flo made a mistake. He The Files didn't realize that at that moment Editor Speed Hawk was interviewing Dean of Women Betyu Costly about the now infamous "Incident at one of the Resident Halls." The dean looked at Flo and said "Mercy" as if she had seen something she had never seen before, and promptly fainted. Flo looked at the dean and said "Mercy" as if hehad seen something he never wanted to see before, and he saw that he was naked, and he was ashamed. Dean Costly recovered, shocked, astonished, and wailed to Flo. "Why do you do these (SEE 'CONTORCHIANS,' PAGE 2) WASINGTON (API) -Selective Service Director Lewis B. Hershey has recommended to President Johnson that America's peacetime draft be discontinued for the first time since the Korean War. President Johnson indicatedon National Television Sunday he would act favorably on the proposal, but other national leaders expressed opinions from wild jubilation to dire disapproval. Johnson himself last week in Nebraska hinted broadly that important changes in the draft might be forthcoming, where he spoke to the Mid-western Hog Growers' Convention. "My friends, I have become more and more concerned, in these difficult times, about our American boys going halfwayaround the world to die in an Asian war," Johnson exclaimed with tears streaming down his Lincolnesque face. "It has become more and more apparent to me," Johnson thumped his chest, "that the draft as it now exists is an instrument for the rich to send the poor to war." "If I am re-elected, I pledge myself to end the inequities of our draft system," Johnson promised. At the time, Johnson-watchers were divided in their interpretations of the President's remarks. Officials at the Pentagon insisted Johnson meant that draft inequities would e ended by drafting every eligible man. "As it stands now," one general said, "alota prissy students, teachers, and other chickens are getting off, while the colored hoods and sons of Republican candidates are doing the fighting." Liberal groups heralded Johnson's remarks as the begnning of new liberal policies. Said one head of a liberal group, "We hear Johnson's advisors are considering a plan to make Vietnam a state and to let the Committee on Un-American Activities handle the Viet Cong." (SEE "HERSHEY" PAGE 2) MeeMN. Why is this man smiling? Seesptory page 5. STUDENT FIGHTS OFF ATTACKERS 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Florida Pornogator, Monday, April 1, 1968 950 PARTICIPATE Five Coeds Arrested In Men'sDorm Raid By KATHIE KRIME One girl, however, passed up Pornogtor Corruption Editor the straps and tape in favor of a better prize -seven footFive UF coeds were arrested ball players, one for each day Saturday night and may face disof the week. ciplinary action for their part Five vocal leaders were in a JockeyraidagainstBurphree promptly arrested by the LegArea shortly before curfew. ionnaires after they led a charge Approximately 950 on-campus into' still another hall, throughan women, including residents of the unlocked side door. women's residence halls ontelePacked into the Legionnaries' vision road, took part in the squad cars, the five girls rode raid, which was halted before down to the police station singthe leaders achieved their goal Ing "Even the Bad Times Are of "a jock from every room." Good" and waving their prized Members of the French Forjock straps out the windows. eign Legion, substituting for vaUnofficial reports from the cationing Kampus Keystone Kops, station said that a mass orgy arrived on the scene shortly after developed, with tle attentionscreaming coeds rammed their starved coeds and the Legionway onto the floors of Burphree naires who wanted to forget their Hall, stomping several roaches jilted love back home all parto death in the process. ticipating. Legionnaires ordered the girls The action multiplied still out of the halls and attempted more when the friends of the to prevent the male residents arrested girls conducted a jockey from tossing jock straps out of raid on the police station. the windows. The mobsthen moved on to a Arrested on a charge of disdormitory housing scholarship orderly conduct were Marty athletes and left after getting Cockroach, 2UC, Donna Bagle, its demand of jock straps, chin 4ED; Janis Biwindy, 2UC; Janie straps, and all the tape used Wanmore, 4A; and Leslie Horny, to hold a football team together 3EG. during a rugged season. The girls were also charged Contorchians of student conduct which says FROMP EaEman can'tcwalk around naked. All it says is that I cannot show things to me? Why do you want conduct not befitting a Florida to make mincemeat out of me?Is student. Well, thinking about what that all Ilam to you? Mincemeat?" I showed in the Pornogator office, "No," replied Joe, "You are it doesn't seem to me to be a pork chop." conduct unbefitting a Florida stuAt which point Dean Costly dent." turned all sorts of colors and called the Keystone Kops to take Dean Costly's only comment Flo to jail, where he sits now. was "lack of communication." Contorchians feels he has been The trial will be held during wronged. the Beach Boys concert. It will "There is nothing in the code be an open trial. QV.IK-SAVE CAROLYN PLAZA CreS 954 VALUE FAMILY SIZE YOU SAVE 38C ONLY SPECIAL s b PRICE GOOD THRU 4/3/68 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the otficlsrstudent newspaper of the University of Floridal and Is published five times weekly except during June, July and August when It is published semi-weeay, and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida Alligator. Reitz Union Building, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, 32601. The Alligator is entered with poaching, a charge arising out of the deaths of the roaches trod under foot in Burphree. The count of poaching was added after the arresting officers noted that the area had been declared a Federal Game Reserve for Roaches and they could find no other charge to place. Dean of Women Betyu Costly said Sunday that her office is "keeping a close eye on the affair" and that the charged coeds may also be called before the Student Conduct Committee for conduct unbecoming a UF coed." Hershey OM PA6E ONE With announcement of Hershey's proposal, any doubt about the administration's plans concerning the draft dissipated. Basically Hershey called for the abolishment of the selective service system, reducing U.S. armed forces to 100,000 men, and hiring Moshe Dayan and a brigade of Israelis to fight in Vietnam. "We tried to get John Wayne and the dirty dozen with a commando team of Bonnie and Clyde but they were on tour In Vietnam," Hershey said. "So 'Hava Nagia.' President Poses Answer To Transportation Problems By ZANY GHOUL Pornogator Staff Writer Student Body President Snide Failer said Sunday that, contrary to popular belief, he will carry out at least one promise of his campaign, that is, install electric trains on campus. "My God," he said in a tizzy, "this here transportation problem has got to be stopped. Me and my constituents are damn tired of running around all over creation to find a place to park our pogo sticks." Backward party leader Swift Magellan immediately attacked Failer's proposal as "ridiculous." "He's just trying to take the students for a ride," Magellan said. Failer and his vice president, Grunch Badrich, told the Pornogator more than a month ago they planned to install little electric trains to run from such central places as Fume Hall, Sin City, and theSigmaZoo house to classrooms on campus. "I'm all excited about this, said Badrich. "Just imagine what we can do! Not only can we charge for tickets, we can sell popcorn, Accent tickets, and final exams en route. And this means we can appoint another cabinet member!" Failer cautioned that there will be no preferential seating on the trains. However, he said anyone carrying (A)pples, (T)omatoesor (O)ther fruit will be thrown off the train. ROBSIE' S For The Best In Steaks Meals,& 8 ndwicheu COLOR TV & BILLIARDS 1718 WUniversity Ave. LiOnfThe GoldCoast'_ *DO-It-Yourself r CLASIF IEDS' DA YS TO RU N To order classifieds, use the form below. Mail it with remit(consecutive) tance to: Alligator Classifieds, 0 1 day Room 330 Reitz Union, Gaines0 2 days ville, Florida 32601. Q 3 days (*10% discount) Q 4 days (*10% discount) Orders must be RECEIVED Q 5 days and over 3 days prior to publication. (*20% discount) DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE CLASSIFICATION Count the words, omitting a, an & the. Addresses and phone numbers o for sale count as one word. Minimum charge O for rent is $1.00 for 20 words. For each o wanted additional word add 39. Multiply o help wanted the total by number of days the ad 0 autos is to run. Subtract the discount M personal (if applicable) and enclose a check M lost-found for the remainder. For example, = services a 32-word ad to run 4 days costs $4.90 ($5.44 less 549). WORDING -C Uk I Ai A I NAME DATE STUDENT # PHO NE ADD RESS CITY STATE ZI P :ere f u n ded*i f ad is co Ce e d I as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida, 32601. Subscription rate Is $14.00 per year or $4.00 per quarter. The Florida Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of all advertisements and to revise or turn away copy which It considers objectionable. The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustments of payment for any advertisement involving typographical errors or erroneous Insertion unless notice is given to the Advertising Manager within (1) one day after advertisement appears. 7he Florida Alligator will not be Yesponsible for more than one incorrectI Insertion of an advertisement scheduled to run several times. Notices for correction must be given before next insertion. I I h 

PAGE 3

Monday, April 1, 1968, The Florida Pornogator, Page 3 Tenure-Seeking Prof Named Advisor To UF Birch Society YO By RAUL SPICKMAN would be to stage a stand-out ain such un-demagoguec activithat absolutely NO press coverPornogator Staff Writer gainst on-campus recruiting byj ties as election campaigning," age be given to the March 33Tenure-seeking UF Professor Marshall Bones has been appointed advisor to the newly-formed UF John Birch Society chapter, president Fred Ruleman announced Sunday. In an unprepared statement, Ruleman said Bones was awarded the coveted post "because of his outstanding record as chairman of the UF Kan't Hatch Kontract (KKK) Committee. Bones said he was "elated" with the appointment. "I always wanted to be a part of such outstanding and clean student group," he said. Bones said the group's first activity under his advisorship the Mother's Pies Corporation of America, manufacturer of the "potentially dangerous" Mothers Apple Pies Exclusive (MA PE). "'hey (Mother's Pies Corporation) continue to manufacture the criminal MAPE despite the well-known fact that it is used Bones said. Expanding on Bones' statement, Ruleman said the group would carry pictures of children "whose faces were distorted by creamy MAPE around their tender lips." He re-stated the eroup's plead Student Who Missed Drill To Be Executed Today By FAIRY GOLDSURGE Pornogator Staff Writer It took a panel of seven ROTC cadets and five Regents members 10 minutes to find Monty Fromp guilty of ROTC evasion. He was sentenced to be exeMovie Rating THE HAPPIEST PAUPER, follows Disney's typical tradition -it's the story of a rich man (played by Pinochoccio) who becomes richer as his wife (played by Tinkerbelle) becomes bitchier. His unhappy situation forces him to commit suicide with a magic wand -he turns himself into a homosexual, and thing becomes a real fairy tale. "Real, vibrant, a story so shocking that it can only be told today." -Jack and Jill Magazine. GUESS WHO'S COMING TO LUNCH is the story of a Negro man and white woman who want to get married -their parents are colorblind -so they get permission, get married, and have three children: one white, one black, and one Khaki. IN HOT BLOOD is a story of lust, sex, passion, perversion, sin and degeneracy. Recommended for children only. Anyone over 18 must be accompanied by a juvenile. THE GATHERER is the story of an ornithologist -he collects birds and mounts them. "Educational, instructive -a must for all bird morticians. .." said Newsbeak magazine. Cheating Files E ROM PAGE ONE invesugations ana because of the increasing volume of files, the IFC voted in special secret session to centralize files. Cprrently vast amounts of IFC file information, because of their great bulk, are being microfilmed. Under the new IFC enforced system, persons wishing to use the IFC files,who mustof course be fun men, must receive a pass directly from DeZaney which is countersigned by the individual fun presidents and house mothers. One house mother, Miss Irene F. Chance, told the Pornogator "I'll do most anything for my boys. I want them to be happy, to enjoy life, to live while they can.I Miss Chancey, a pert 29-yearold blonde, said she has enjoyed working with Fun men ever since she first visited a local Fun house two years ago as an entertainer. Another house-mother, Goodie F. Treat, said she knows nothing about the ti1a system. CATTLE RUSTLERtS SPECIAL! W1. CHOPPED $SOL= NAKID POTATO O8N. M 2 SAUaD. COOSE rC euissee Ig ~ opee1 A.M. T8 9 P.M. ORLANDO--1;n. M1iS .TUSVILLE-USI ;0 *Si1pW Univ. Av. "I spend most of my time in my room with the boys," she said. I Pornogator sources have revealed that in addition to the illegal file system the IFC has also established a liason with officials in the Registrar's office. JIN'S GLASS Fast attention to insurance claims for cars, trucks and FREE ESTIMATES 323 N.W. 6th ST. 376-2558 East Side ACL Depot cuted by a firing squad today. One panel member said that the droning of the air-raid sirens would drown out the sound of "Ready, aim, fire." During his trial, Monty explained to the court that he missed drill because he was deeply upset over the loss of his roommate who he hadn't seen since bayonet practice. According to General Over D. Hills, this was the first planned execution of a ROTC cadet who missed more than one drill. "It is unfortunate that such measures have to be taken, but in this day of modern war, there is no room for the -man who skips ROTC practice," he said. 34-35 stand-out. "Our group does not want publicity," he said. "We are merely trying to save the children of America and not seeking recognition from anyone." "As usual," Ruleman added, "we request that no bearded individuals participate in this stand-out." "Little tiny hairs all over a students' face are not conducive to the sacred goals of this group." he said. Ruleman, a three-year campus ROTC officer, said all participants would be required to bathe immediately prior to the standout. He added coat and ties would be required as usual. The demonstrators will attend church together following each stand-out. .,G O R E"K" College Relations Director c/o Sheraton-Park Hotel, Washington, D.C. 20008 Please send me a free Sheraton Student I.D. Card: Name: Address: We're holding the cards. Get one. Rooms are now up to 20% off with a Sheraton Student I.D. How much depends on where and when you stay. And the Student I.D. card is free to begin with. Send in the coupon. It's a good deal. And at a good place. Sheraton Hotels &Motor Inns 155 Hotels and Motor Inns in major cities. REBEL DISCOUNT 1227 W. UNIVERSITY PRICES GOOD TODAY AND TOMORROW CLAIROL CREME TONER Reg. $1.60 794 13 oz. RAYETTE HAIR SPRAY Re' $.50 79C PLASTIC POKER OR rINOCHLE PLAYING CARDS Reg. REDUCE WITH AYDS CANDY Reg. $3.20 $2.29 TAN QUICK WITH Q.T. Reg. $2.55 OUANINY RIGHTS RESERVED REBEL DISCOUNT 

PAGE 4

to 7,845 the number of positions filled so far. Leaders across the campus have hailed the move as the fulfillment of his campaign promise to make non-partisan appointments. Even though this is the first Backward Party member to be named to his group of advisors, Failer said that "he won't be the last, maybe."' Wilcox has never met Failer. "But I understand that he is a great person," he said, "I read it in the Pornogator."' Frostbite Tips SAN FRANCISCO (UPI) Winter sports enthusiasts who accidentally become frostbitten should not rub snow on the frostbite areas, advises the California Medical Association. The CMA says affected areas should be covered with a warm hand or woolen material, placed in lukewarm water and gently exercised. The doctors say hot water bottles or heat lamps should never be used. Controversial Editor To Address Accent By LOOSE ROTLEAN Pornogator Staff Writer Next year's Accent should be even better and more exciting than this year's, the Pornogator learned Sunday. Among the speakers will be Willoughby Frieden, editor of the controversial Lorsville Lark, from Kansas. Friden, often hard to get (there are no phones in Lorsville) was one of the "prime" catches of the Accent committee. Also to speak, will be Harry Successful, president of Noogis Industries, a company which manufactures those little balls we find in ball point pens. is topic of discussion will be,"How little balls have affected my life." It should prove to be a lecture of enjoyment. On the political scene, the Committee has been able to get Jackson Quirdbelly, who was a pageboy under the Wilson administration. On the local scene, we have the two candidates running for the seat of the Board of Health in Alachua county. It should be a spirited debate. And finally, the committee tries to get at least one very famous name to lecture, to draw national attention to Accent. Next year, the committee will be proud to announce its main speaker for the event, Derwood Kirbv. ...:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .....--.-.:.-: .--:--::-::.: --.-.-. .Student Goes Berserk, Steals Century Tower By PEARLY ALLENORI hollerin' in at him but he didn't fore the culprit walked into the Pornogator Staff Writer come out. So's we begun blastin' station and calmly gave himthe place with shotguns and we self up. A UF student suddenly went berserkSaturday night and stole Century Tower and hid it at the intersection of W. University Ave. and 13th St., the Pornogator learned Sundayfrom the Kampus Keystone Kops. "He just done and stolen the dern thing," said Kampus Kop Otis "Junior" Goader. "We suspicioned he was the one what done it and we just arrested him, ya see,"' he said in a thick redneck accent. "We was prepared for any resistence, so's we had 40 ossifers armed with MACE, dogs and shotguns surround his apartment and shout out that he better come out or we'd go in," Goader continued. "Funny thin', though. We stood out there for a hour or two 48 -HOUR WATCH R EPA IR QUALITY WORK FACTORY PARTS UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTY JEWELERS 376-2655 103 W. Univ. Ave. & Gainesville Mall JWLR shot a few rounds with the bazookas and then we sent the dogs in -they trained to kill on sight -but, lak I said, funny thin', he weren't there.' Goader admitted the Kampus Kops made 25 false arrnsts beH ILLEL PASSOVER SEDER APRIL 12th, 13th Friday & Saturday. 6:30 p.m. Reservations Required (all 372-2900 16 N.W. 18th ST. Got A Sick Corvair? We specialize in Corvair service that's backed up by 30 yrs. experience with General Motors Corp. You'll drive safer with our brake and tune-up service, too. And let us put that air-conditioner in perfect order, ,no matter what make car you have. We're the student's friend, so stop in and save money. ELROD'S AUTO REPAIR 1031 So. Main Phone 376-7771 TV.Y LO~ 2 NBC 4 CBS 0 ABC .12 NBC 5 NET Zane Grey Hogans Heros Dragnet It's Academic Whats New Monkeys Gunismoke Monkees Sounds of Cowboy Youth Gunsmoke n rica Rowan NET Journal Rowan & Martin Rwan Lucille Ball -Rat Patrol Ran NET Journal and Martin Danny Thomas Andy Griffith Rat Patro, Danny Thomas Viewpoint True Peyton Place Danny Thomas Richard Boone I Spy Carol Burnett Big Valley I Spy Richard Boone I Spy Carol Burnett Big Valley I Spy News News News News Johnny Carson "Bloodhounds Joey Bishop Johnny Carson of Broadway" FEARLESS FORECAST Richard Boone: Big Mitch lives in a dream world that begins to collapse when his daughter announces her plans to marry. Big Mitch: Richard Boone. COUCH'S ZENITH SOLID-STATE PORTABLE STEREO featuring MICRO-TOUCH' 2G TONE ARM It ANNOUNCES: OUR FIRST TIME EVER AT THIS PRICE Drop it Slide it! Tit it! s impossible to acc taly 9 9 9 5 suin a fine recoidi The DUET .GA50-8L Solid-stateortable stereo with Stereo Yet Precision record changer and Micro-Touch, 2 T onearm Twin detachable speaker Get units Separate loudnessbalance and tone controls. Beige color. thf Best! COUCH'S 608 N. MAIN PH-376-7171 Your Zenith dealer since 1933 7:00 7:30 8:00 8:30 9:00 9:30 10:00 10:30 11:00 11:30 I I Page 4, The Florida Pornogator, Monday, April 1, 1968 Prexy Names SANDSPURS t0 R, QUIRK. IF YOV eNA GE T RImss" o C? GRAT SCOTT QTRT E WRNNo .o .PROF! rI,)EVER DD TEEDCTON F R tan E T M ~em be rs OtCGLE, WHEN YU -ieONT NO PWOILS'EYESTBE Of Cabinet Student Body President Snide Failer has fulfilled his campaign j promises by naming a member of the opposing party to a cabinet position. Horace Wilcox, 8PE, was named chairman of the newly fsf formed committee for Licking Stamps for Student Government Msil Th knitptbnL IG.G.EEK .d 

PAGE 5

Sexual Freedom Stifled, Vice President Accuses By HAIRY ARMPIThS Pornogator Managing Editor Vice President for Sexual Affairs Jester Male has accused student members of the notorious Student Board of Investigation of "arbitrary misuse of authority" in stifling the development of "true sexual freedom." The SBI, composed of highbrow student drop-outs, is reputed to be the unofficial guardian of sexual morals on campus. Male issued hischarges ina full-page advertisement in the Pornogator. He called for the students' resignation from life. Male contended that the SBI's new Student Code of Morality was a failure because it ignored changing sexual morals. "Students should be allowed to ha.e all the sex they want," Male noted. "'And without the indiscriminate misuse of authority practiced by these antiquated Puritans, who would have the university ignore its obligations of training people to live in a 'free' society." It should be noted that Male was the founder of the local chapter of Sigma Epsilon Chi (SEX). N Male said the whole group was 'Worked Out' Did youknow that two out of four UF faculty members above the age of 50 do it? Yes, two out of four UF faculty member wives, above the age of 50, say its true. guilty of suppression of sexual freedom, but he singled out one of its leaders, David Baron, 7SA, as an example. "Baron is not the problem itself," Male's ad read. "But he Is a manifestation of it." Male added that procreation among students would be facilitated if "nuts like Baron" would resign their "useless campaigns."'I Accuse CAROLYN PLAZA BARBER SHOP 8 Barbers Shampoos Free Parking Shaves Razor Cuts 0 Massages We Specialize In Scissor WorkI Monday, April 1, 1968, The Florida Pornogator, Page 5 I Uniform Dress Required At UF In Fall Of 1968 Beginning September, 1968, every student will be required to wear a uniform dress. UF President:Justice:Mr. Stefen O'Boggle announced the change in policy Saturday afternoon in a press conference. "I've been running around here shaking hands for six months now," the president said, "and now I find I've wasted a lot of hands on kids who were not students. If every student wears a uniform, I'll be able to tell them from non-students." SPECIAL NOTICE S To all students and university personnel DISCOUNT Off Our Low-Low Prices I FOOD TASTES MUCH BETTER AT CAFETERIAS "I 11:30 AM-2:00PM 4:30PM -8:00 P GAINESVILLE SHOPPING CENTER 5 1212 North Ma Street (Just Four =asu From Camps) "This country can do better." Rally: Florida Students for Kennedy today Plaza of the Americas. (Paid Political Advertisement)I ~1 'Emomams MEW v me= owe= 0 

PAGE 6

Page 6, The Florida Pornogator, Monday, April 1, 1968 The Florida Pornogator "The Truth Is What We Say It Is" Speed Hawk Editor Harmless Alter Barrald Obscenity Managing Editor Executive Editor Hairy Armpits Snob Panecky News Editor Sports Editor The Florida Pornogator's official stand on issues is expressed in the columns below. Our unofficial stand can be found expressed throughout the paper. All material in this issue reflects the opinion of the editorial staff. 'Grass' Grabbers It has come to the attention of the Florida Pornogato r that m arijuana sales in Gainesville's ghetto have turned into p, ofiteering ventures by some individuals without regard for fair labor practices. Two men have set up a monopoly on pot sales to Negroes in a direct violation of anti-trust legislation. The Pornogator feels all citizens deserve a fair shake's,. Furthermore, joints are being sold in the ghetto at $1 each, while the Pornogator staff and other stu.dents are only paying 18 to 25 cents a joint. The Pornogator has serious doubts if the Florida Better Business Bureau is living up to its commitPing Por DRESS Ping-pong balls should be made to wear clothes. They lead a very active sex life and should be made to cover up all their private parts, What else is sex but up and down and back and forth? Who or what goes up and Awn and back aid o -th more than a ping-pong ball? Why should the relatively non-sexual human beings be niide to cover up when the over-sexed ping-pong ball goes inakedi ments and purpose. The Bureau has done nothing to force these pushers to allow compDetition nor to have them lower prices. Could it be that the victims are black? The Pornogator thinks it is time to act. Beginning today, marijuana will go on sale at th. following campus locations at a fair 25 cents per joint price: The Reitz Union, in front of the main library and in Tigert Hall near the office of SI-Adent Financial Aid. The Pornogator, by its prompt action, hopes to prove that even in the mechanized society in which we find ourselves today, it is still possible for a newspaper to champion the people's cause. ig Balls, UP Ping-pong is not done in private like human sex, it is done right out in the open, Where young children can watch and have their impressional bent. Also, it should be pointed out, ping-pong is a sadistical sexual game. Whereas hum an sex is an expression of love, the first thing you do in ping-pong is to hit it with a piddle. Marquis de Sade wvas an avid ping-pong ball fan. MESSAGE TO OUR READERS ,,O MUCH BULL Governor Admits A II MR. EDITOR: As .interested bystanderin the political situation in Florida, I have come toseveral conclusions aad solutions that I feel are of utmost interest to the citizens of Florida. First, there is no doubt that there is corruption in the highest offices of our state. The diverting of funds by the governor is a reality, and must be stopped. There are too many committees now, the Morter Bored? MR. EDITOR: I am not a student here, but I work here. I have been reading all about this Morter Board organization and want to know how to join. evidence is in hand, and the guilty parties must be dealt with by law. Secondly, the educational situation in Florida has not been solved. We need to immediately place a new tax structure into effect which will make Florida industrypay a fair share of the tax burden. Third, we have too long discriminated against the people of South Florida. Immediate steps should be taken to return all due gasoline and cigarette taxes which are coming from this area. Finally, our University system has suffered too long. It should be completely autonomous, and answerable only to the Appropriations committee. These are the beginnings of equality in Florida. It is only a shame that the people of the state cannot see these things for themselves and do something about them. A BRICKLAYER CILAUDE QUTIRK A Real Love Affair MR. EDITOR: I think the Pornogator is won is everything a student could want. Gator Zipper / HOT L US T ON S TOAST Brotherhoo MR. EDITOR: My fellow Americans: Let's all join hands in fellow week and think of our neighbors an For who could better describe o conditions, and who could think perilous times. Remember our forefathers in p give mercy to our unfortunate hr the world. Thank you, and my blessings. derful. It possibly It answers all my questions on life. It covers all the news I could possibly want to know. I love the Pornogator. MEMBERS OF IFC ......... 'W' lyWalk MR. EDITOR: 1 )Do you like my mother. 2 How ong is a mile, true or false. 3) 1 have long fingernails. 4) Did you ever notice that when girls walk to class, they walk at a medium tempo? 5) Do you agree with me? and 6) What is the shortest route? (FLASH) GORDON GALLBREATH I Hate Ducks d MR. EDITOR: rship this Why is that we have ducks in the union shipiths pond. I hate ducks. They taste awful and r frins they taste ducky. nr trying Why can't we have vultures? vultures intee are nice. They pick up the garbage and sleep ecad all day long. sane, and We could get rid of the ducks by putting others in Albert in the duck pond. This would get rid of the ducks and save money on alligator food. EDD FREEDMAN SDS (Students for a Demagogic Society) Kissy Kiss, Wolf Girl DUINOSTIIICHIES By LOOSE ROTLEAN Good Morning! Today I have some questions. All you have to do is answer the questions. The answer will h( ;i tomorrow's paper. Pornogator Staff DRIBBLE DUNCE Assistant Net Editr Eo JERRI SILVI 'OUTH NU DITI TORCIBA Campus Livin Editor Sex and Entertainment Editor STAFF WRITERS: Mikle A. Brainless, James Nomand, James Baked, Fool's Gnld, Steve Juntey, Katie Kien, Roy Aprils, Raul Spickman, Dave Redneck, Bob Moron, Allan Zot, Merri Can't, Small Kapman, and assorted other fools. CHIEF CENSOR: Crack Deleter. STAFF ARTIST: Blonde Sparks. STAFF PHOTOGRAPHERS: Spike Cuddleston, Rich Augogo. IF YOU DON'T LIKE OUR STAFF THEN THAT'S JUST TOO BAD. NotPETE SAKES Editorial Assistant 

PAGE 7

Monday, April 1, 1968, The Florida Pornogator, Page Gov. Quirk To Resign By HARMLESS ALTER Pornogator Managing Editor Vowing to make Florida "first in the south, if not first in the nation" Gov. Claude Quirk Sunday announced he was resigning effective today. Citing the heavy pressures of his office, including the constant flying about the country to "sell Florida to the nation," Quirk said "I've had enough." "I've had enough abuse, enough Make Florida First In South' work, enough frustrations, enough problems" for a lifetime, Quirk said. The governor, speaking from Rio DeJaniero, where he and his beautiful wife arevacationingand selling Florida under a special $50,000 grant from the Florida Development Commission, said he's happy to give Florida back to the Democrats. "I know Melody Hen will succeed me, but I don't care," Quirk said. "I'm just an insurance salesman and I've learned that that's all I really want in life anyway if I can't be president." Quirk said "The mess in Florida belongs to the Democrats. They can have what's left of education, taxation, road-building and progress. I'm not going to leave them much of a legacy because I don't like them." 12 Students To Be Dropped From 'Tower' For Cheating By BARRALD OBSENITY Pomogator Executive Editor Twelve UF students convicted of cheating were sentenced to 'Sex Rules Unfair' By D. D. HORNY Pormogator Staff Writer Dean of Women Betyu Costly openly denounced the UF administration for imposing sexual freedom restrictions on coeds in a prepared statement Sunday afternoon. "I think the time has come for the administration to realize the coeds of today have reached a point of maturity that surpasses thedamount of credit and respect giventhem,"Miss Costly declared. "If the parents trusted the girls enough to let them come to the UF, then I see no reason to deny them the chance to prove that trust is worthy," she added. In the statement, Dean Costly attacked the administrations' firm disapproval of allowing open house in the women's dorms at night. At the recent Cram Area expose Dean Costly acted as a lawyer in defense of the 19 girls who had male visitors. "The coeds of Cram Area were doing no more than they would if on a date at any other location. It was said by the administration that it would not be appropriate to entertain males in a room that contained only beds on which to sit," she said. Haven't they ever heard of day beds, a highly decorative and multi-purpose piece of furniture that can be seen in the most modern of homes? death Sunday under new Student Senate legislation which became effective this month. Sentenced to be dropped from Century Tower head first were 12 GDI's, Honor Court Chancellor Cheat Sinober announced Sunday afternoon. However, Honor Court regulations say names of the 12 can not be released, Sinober said. "We may let the defendants know about it early in the week, after the Board of Masters approves of it," Sinober said. "Trouble is that some of the board members have their black robes and hoods in the cleaners, so we may not be able to meet until Thursday or Friday. I would call them at home and check, but I don't know their names and wouldn't know them without their hoods," Sinober explained. Sinober refused to release details about the case without the permission of the defendants. "Don't forget: we must remember the rights of the guilty," Sinober said. But sources close to the court said that the 12 condemned students had refused to share their exams with Sinober. The sources, DEAN COSTLY who refused to be identified, said that refusal to surrender sex reforms information to the Chancellor I 1l\i Rescuers Still Attempting To Reach President's Home After Torrential Downpour Sunday Above Picture Shows Flooded Ailea Near O'Boggle's Home is punishable by death. This could not be confirmed because Honor Court regulations are secret to protect the rights of the students. CENTURY TOWER e .doomsday Symbol Former UF Prexy Named Chief Justice By BARROLD OBSENITY Pornogator Executive Editor RIO DE JANERO -Ex-UF President J. Grain Grits has been appointed to replace the late Florida Supreme Court Chief Justice Alfred J. Snurd, Florida Gov. Claude Quirk announced Friday. Grits' long and distinguished background in agriculture makes him an Ideal candidate for the post, Quirk said. The announcement was probably the last of Quirk's career. It was made at the conference where Quirk made known his Intention to resign. "After all, I guess I know just as much about law as Stefen O'Boggle knows about education," Grits reasoned. Reaction among state personalities was mixed. In Tampa, Board of Regents Chairman Fester Frustration fumed, "By God, Claude promised me that if Fautz got chancellor, I'd get that court seat." He vowed to get even by instituting a Compulsory ROTC program for girls. O'Boggie, Quirk, and Fautz have daughters at state Universities. GOV. QUIRK in better days 

PAGE 8

* Use our handy GATO CLSSIFEDSform. Page 8, T FOR SALE 1964 VESPA 150 -Must sell Perfect mechanical condition never any trouble. New paint, new tires. $150.00. 372-6003 or 376-9217. (A-104-5t-p) .962 LAMBRETTA 125cc. Fair condition. Tool Kit included. $85.00 or best offer. Call 378-8959 after 5:00. Ask for Bob. (A-105-5t-p) FOR SALE; 55mm Micro Nikkor Lens (Auto). $125. Sekonic Light Meter. $60.00 value $35.00. Both for $150. Call 378-4836. (A-103-4t-p) SOLID STATE COMPONENT STEREO, includes: 54-Watt Amplifier, AM/FM Multiplex tuner, AR Speakers, Sony Tape Deck, Weathers turntable, Many Extras included. Best offer over $450.00. 372-7203. (A-106-3t-p) ----.------CAMERA: Zess Icon Contena (35mm), with flash $75.00. Call David at 378-3937. (A-106-3t-p) POSTERS! Wholesale to dealers. Free catalog. Distributor Inquiries invited. San Francisco Poster Company. P. 0. Box 38036, Hollywood, Calif. 90038. (A-106-5t-p) GUNS -GUNS -GUNS Inventory over 450 -Buy -Sell Trade -Repair. Reloading Supplies, Custom Reloading -HARRY BECKWITH, GUN DEALER, MICANOPY, 466-3340. (A-106-tf-p) 15' WINDMILL SAILBOAT complete with 2 H.P. motor, trailer, and all safety equipment. Less $350.00. Phone 376-3922 after 5:30on weekdays. (A-106-3t-p) ENGAGEMENT RING -Distinctive and Exquisite to say the least. Not the usual solitare type. Excellent color. .32 karat. $295.00. 376-4082. J. D. HI! (A-105-2t-p) FOR RENT AVAILABLE NOW. Cottage, two large bedrooms accomodate four responsible students. Very attractive interior. Panelled living-room. fireplace, dining-room. 11 NE 7th St. 372-0093 or 372-1402. (B-106-5t-p) ---------ROOMS. AC and CH. 3 blocks from campus. Senior or graduate men or sorority or fraternity groups. Phone 378-8122 o r 376-6652. (B-101-10t-p) UNFURNISHED two bedroom one bath house at 1720 NW 7th Place. $95.00 per month. Married couples only. Call 376-5168 or 376-9990. (B-104-5t-p) ---------OUTGROWN "Sin City?" Furnished apt. to sublet for June-August. Air conditioned, patio, NEW, 1017 NW 39th Ave. Call Ron at 378-3895 any morning before 10 or evening after 7. (B-104-3t-p) ---------3 BLOCKS from campus. One vacancy in double room for male student. Air conditioned, refrigerator. Rent reasonable. 327 NW 15th Terr. 372-8929, afternoons. (8-103-5t-p) AIR CONDITIONED House Trailer 8' x 40' One bedroom, fully furnished, swimming pool, beautiful location Rent $60.00 per month. Call Paul 372-7178. (B-103-3t-p) LARGE ROOM up stairs can accommodate 3 girls. Has frigidaire large window fan, telephone, living room and T.V. privileges. Utilities Peid. %1 block f rom Santa Fe Jr. College. $35.00. 378-4018. (B-105-2t-p) APT. suited for couple or two students located near mall. $75.00 per month, includes electricity and water. Call 378-1776. (B-105-5t-p) be Florida Pornogator, Monday, April 1,1968 FOR RENT WANTED WANTED F.EN. SUBLEASE Best location in entire University Gardens. Corner Apartment by pool and parking lot. Contact Gardens office about Apt. 710-102 or call 378-8024. (B-105-3t-p) ---------SUMMER quarter for rent Furnished apt., AC, 2 blocks from campus. $60.00 per month completelyremodeled just this year. 306-L, NW 16th St. 376-1596. (B-105-5t-p) ----------ONE AND TWO bedroom furnished apartment, CH/AC, Summer rates. Call Vein Hinson. 378-2558. (B-106-tf-c) OLYMPIA Two b room apartment to sublet for 3rd and/or 4th quarters. Call 378-5274. (B-104-4t-p) WANE FEMALE roommate wanted to Share 3 bedroom house, NE section. $33.00 per month. 376-3538. (C-104-4t-p) 2:40 .A4 6:50 e9 TECHNICOLOR eia Show, Al II Colur AUDREY HEPBURN ALAN ARKIN RICHARD CRENNA WET TML No. 1 At 9:2/ EXCITING 2 bedroom Landmark Apt, need 2 more female roommates to share AC, beautifully furnished apt. Dishwasher. Pool. Call Susie or Patti. 378-5809. (C-105-3t-p) FEMALE roommate wanted for one bedroom University Gardens Apartment. $60.00 per month. 716 SW 16th Ave. Apt. 106 or call 378-5841. IC-103-5t-p) ---------TWO FEMALE roommatesbneeded desperately to share two bedroom apartment with 2 seniors. AC, carpet, pool. $38.75 a month. Butler Apartments. 982 SW 16th Ave. 378-3583. (C-104-3t-p) YOUR OWN BEDROOM in Olympia Apts. $40/mo. Spring qtr. only. Female. Call 378-8434. (C-104-3t-[l NO LEASE. Female roommate for Private House. Own bedroom. 5 min. walk to Med Center. $26.50 per month. Share Utilities. Call 372-3940. (C-103-5t-pI Held Over! Open 6:45 Feature at 7:20 & 11:00 ITSNOTWHOYOUCON. IT'S HOW YOU 00 IT PAUL fEWMRN The Secret Wardf HRRRY FRIGG T EC HNICOLORF .:. Cofeature at 9:20 i S th contur sF T1,ra neSe I 111 .1 VI~II,,.j'Pk sh DO-It-Yourself UN.JAt .72Sr C E5DashMdum~U~ma -CLASSIFIEDS ACADEMY AWARD To order classifieds, use the DAYS TO RUN .NOMINATIONS form below. Mail it with remit(consecutive) TdI ee37&.24U tance to: Alligator Classifieds 0 1 day Spencer Sidney Katharine Shown Room 330 Reitz Union, Gaines3 2 days TRACY POITIER HEPBURN ville, Florida 32601. Q 3 days (110% discount) guess who's 20 0 4 days (*l0% discount) .5:25 Orders must be RECEIVED 0 5 days and over comingg umner 7:30 3 days prior to publication. (*20% discount) 930 DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE CLASSIFICATION O for sale O for rent o wanted o help wanted 0 autos 0 personal D lost-found o services W Count the Words, omitting a, an & the. Addresses and phone numbers count as one word. Minimum charge is $1.00 for 20 words. For each additional word add 39. Multiply the total by number of days the ad is to run. Subtract the discount (if applicable) and enclose a check for the remainder. For example, a 32-word ad to run 4 days costs $4.90 ($5.44 less 549). ORDING U NAME DATE STUDENT# PHONE_ ADDRESS CITY STATE ZIP money cannot be refunded if ad discnncelled BIKINIS AGO-GO The Wild Ones Are Here!! EXCLUSIVE FASHIONS BY THE TWINS INC. OF MIAMI LOOKING for roommate (either sex) to share wild, wood--pana 2-bedroom, air conditioned, garage apt. Water and electricity included in rent Jim at 372-1574 after 10:00 p.m. (C-106-3t-p) FEMALE roommate wanted: is share one room Apt. Across street from campus. $37.50 per month. immediate occupancy. Apply 321 SW 13th St. Apt. 2. (C-106-5tp) FURNISHED, one-bedroom apartment, preferably with cooking facilities and reasonably close to campus -for two weeks April 5-20. Call Lou Tally, 376-9205. Leave Message. (C-101-5t-p) ---------FEMALE roommate wanted: two blocks from campus, $30.00 per month plus utilities. Phone 378-7327. (C-104-4t-p) 1-01 CNTERI ligse. w. umnAh so 1:35 4:06 6:37 9:081 hands I It's the Happiest hMusica of th i BRIGHTEST COLORS NEWEST FLORAL PRINTS SPLIT SIZES AVAILABLE COMPLETE ACCESSORIES LARGEST INVENTORY IN NORTH FLORIDA PROFESSIONAL SERVICE PHARMACY ACROSS FROM PIZZA HUT 1710 S.W. 16th ST.' 372-5347 .. I 

PAGE 9

WANTED : MALE roommate for spring quarter. $100.00 for quarter utilities included. One block from campus. 202 NW 14th St. 378-5878. (C-104-3-p) ---------WANTED: Female roommate for Spring Quarter. Landmark Apartment $43.75 per month. Pps utilities. 378-7033. (C-104-3-p) ATTRACTIVEgirI to cook for four male graduate students one or more days per week. Compensation: free meals plus companionship. 372-2182. (C-104-3t-p) FEMALE roommate waneu spring quarter. Williamsburg Apts. immediate occupancy. Call 378-4459. (C-105-3t-p) .---. ......HELP WANTED HELP WANTED: Female, various prt ime openings. Night or Day. Arrange to your schedule.rApply either Kings Food Host location. (E-104-3t-c) HELP WANTED: Male, various part time openings, Night or Day. Arrange to your schedule. Apply either Kings Food Host location. (E-104-3t-c) ALACHUA GENERAL HOSPITAL has immediate openings for: Medical Te ch n oo g ist. Maintenance Mechanics, Clerk Typists, Ward Clerks and Registered Nurses. Permanent employment with good working conditions, good starting salaries in all areas. Paid vacations, holidays and sick leave, State Retirement Plan and other fringe benefits. Apply: Personnel Director, 912 SIW 4 t h Avenue. (E-101-10t-c) BUSBOY! Part time; hours 5 p.m. to approx. 8:30 p.m. six days a week. Apply Gino's Italian Restaurant. Call 376-1322. 2204 SW 13th St. Gainesville, Florida. (E-104-tf-c) ---------DELIVERY BOYS -Part time and full time shifts available. Drive our vehicles. Apply Gino's Italian Restaurant.A376-1322. 2204 SW 13th St. (E-104-tf-c) HIGHLY QUALIFIED SECRETARY for builders office. Shorthand, good typing and other secretarial skills essential. Permanent job, excellent pay. Do not apply unless well qualified. Phone 376-9950 days or 378-2000 evenings. (E-101-tf-c) LUMS RESTAUHANI -Desires part time waitresses and a cashier. Must be 21 years of age. Wages, Plus good tips. Apply 1621 SW 13th St. Phone 376-9408. (E-106-5t-c) ADVERTISING SALESMA for the Florida Alligator. Must have car and be available for summer term. Good pay, good working conditions, great experience. Ad majors preferred. Apply room 330 Reitz Union. (E-106-nc-tf) AUTOS FOR SALE: 1960 Renault Dauphine. Good condition. $200.00 or best offer. Call 376-1490. G-104-5t-p) '59 OLDSMOBILE,2-door hardtop. Radio, heater, new whitewall tires. Excellent ride. $220 or best offer. C a Il B i I I at 376-2082. (G-103-5t-p) ----------1965 LTD. Ford's luxury 4-door Hardtop. Dark Green. White Vinyl Top. Beautiful car. Immaculate condition. Call 376-3968 after 5 o0anytime. $1,595.00. (G-104-5t-P) X-KE Jaguar, top running condition. Needs hood work, $1,400. Archer Rd. Village Trailer Park Alpha 8. (G-101-lOt-p) 1964 SUNBEAM Alpine Convertable, excellent condition, radio, heater, premium tires, new top, Tonneau cover, must sell. Best Offer. 378-5443 anytime. (G-104-5t-P) '64 DODGE Dart, Standard Transmission. Excellent condition, gas mileage end tire. $650.00. Will bargain. Call Bob, 378-5174, mornings, 5 p.m. -6:30 p.m. (G-104-5t-p) DEPENDABLE transportation. 1955 Ford V-8 automatic. Sharp on the outside ne ad met cover. Excellent tire. Asking $250.00. Call ck 37"-135., G-19"-t-P) AUTOS STINGRAY Convertable, 1965, excellent condition, full power, AC, AM/FM radio, removable hardtop, 327 engine, 4-speed, 378-5443 anytime. See at Arts Shell Station. (G-104-5t-p) 1963 AUSTIN HEALEY "3000" MKII, New top, Custom interior, roll up windows, electric overdrive, excellent mechanically, call 372-9763 after 6:00. (G--106-4t-p) FOR SALE: 1957 Rambler Station Wagon. V8, Power Brakes, good tires. Good transportation. $150.00 or will trade for motorcycle of equal value. 378-6004 afternoons and evenings. (G-106-2t-p) ---------PLYMOUTH Belvedere 1963, V-8, Air Conditioning, Power Steering, Automatic Transmission, Radio, 4 Door, $695 or best offer, 376-2895. (G-106-3t-p) LEAVING TOWN. Must sell. 63 Bonneville convertible. Power Steering, power brakes, four on floor. Excellent condition. Call 378-3686 or Santa Fe Junior College Library 378-5311. (G-106-8t-p) PERSONAL TIRED OF RAT RACE!! Two good looking, groovy males looking for two very attractive, hip females. Objective: PINNING? Apply 376-4322 -Gary and Jeff. (J-103-4t-p) ---------FREE puppy, complete with accessories. Very lovable. Ideal for children or as a companion. Given to a good hom. 376-9420. (J-104-3t-p) SNUGGS: Bad "Fools Day" Huh! I'll try to make it better though. Your Scalped Spoofer. (J-106-t-p) STUDENT AND FACULTY: Interested in stopping LBJ? Call University concerned Domocrats, Ext. 2839. (J-104-3t-p) TALENT needed for Gator Gras Minstrel Show, May 10th Variety acts, male singers including bass voice. Contact soon!! Linda 376-9163 or 376-9363. (J-106-3t-p) IS YOUR WIFE working to put you through school? Give her a dignified 8x10 CERTIFICATE OF ACHIEVEMENT on parchment-like paper which honors her contribution. Only $2.25. Wilset Co. Route 2, Concord, N. H. 03301. (J-106-10t-o) NEW LEFT, Old Liberal, or just Up Tight with the Draft: Beat the Quarter System and get involved. Call the Freedom phone: 378-3711. (J-105-St-p) _-----.--.-LONER-TYPE Law Senior desires bouncy attractive female who loves skiing, motorcycles, and the outdoors as well as dancing and parties must be mature and intelligent and able to drive ski-boat. 376-4082. (See my Engagement Ring ad) (J-105-2t-P) ---------JOIN THE FABULOUS 48 in '68. IJ-104-2t-p) TYPING, IBM typewriter. Straight copy and equations. 376-8937. (J-105-2t-p) --.-------BUCK THE SYSTEM. Wear an Ankh to Logic Class. DEMIAN'S at the SCENE by Carolyn Plaza. (J-105-lt-c) __-------"COME ONE, COME All, TO THE FLEA MARKET BAZAAR" see the large selection of many interesting items on display, gifts. artwork, Jewelry and many items for homes, off ices, and gifts. If you nave anything interesting to sell, display it at the Flea Market Bazaar. Stalls available for $4.00 and $3.00. March 31 at 1 p.m. -6 p.m. Center gallery South of highway 441 and Williston cut off. Reserve your stalls today. 495-2314 or 376-1236. (J-103-3t-c) LOST & FOUND LOST MARCH 9th in Mat-8 Yellow London Fog. R.J.D. Monogram. Reward. $5.00. No questions asked. 376-20444 (L-103-3t-p) LO h6 narArt Gallery, LOST Mar.cd brown man's wallet with drivers license, other identification. $5.00 reward for return. Call 372-8332. (L-106-2t-p) SERVICES CHILD CARE in home. Monday-Friday. NE section. Play room, fenced yard with swings. Lunch and snacks. $10.00 per week. 376-8523. (M-106-3t-p) TENNIS RACKET RESTRINGING, satisfaction guaranteed. Free Pick up and delivery on and near campus. Call M and R Tennis Services. 378-2489. (M-104-18t-p) ---------CUSTOM draperies and upholstering. Fabric samples and free estimates in your home. Tiffany Interiors, t e Ie p h o n e 481 -2587. (M-105-3t-p) ---------REGISTERED NURSES WANTED: Five days on duty, two days off; no rotating or split shifts, annual leave, state retirement, etc. Please contact the Director of Nurses or Personnel office, Sunland Training Center, Gainesville, Florida. (M-105-t-p -------ALT ERNATORS-GENERATORSSTARTERS -Electrical systems tested repairs. Auto Electric Service -603 SE Second Street. 378-7330. (M-101-tf-c) -----------l LOVE CHILDREN and want to see them have the love and attention they need. Have helper and cook good hot meals with milk, snacks and juice. Fenced yard downtown area, lots o f toys. 378-4108. (M-101-St-p) -_--_----INCOME TAX RETURNS. .$4.00 -up. SPECIAL rates for Univ. Students, Faculty and employees. At REbel Discount, 1227 W. Univ. Ave. 376-7430, 378-6127, across from Wolfies. (M-101-15t-p) NEED ZIPPY RESUL TS? GATOR CLASS IFIEDS Car Near Union By STEEP PALSEY Alligator staff Writer Two UF students maybe buried beneath the parking lot which is under construction beside the Grain Grits Union, the Pornogator learned Sunday. The Kampus Keystone Kops promised a rescue '"soon." Alvin J. Fumbalalot, foreman for the parking lot construction project, said when workers arrived for work Saturday morning, two students in a late model car were parked in the sandy lot. Workers said the students appeared to be necking and were oblivious to the work and noise going on around them. Fumbalalot said the car was noticed missing right after a bulldozer had moved some piles of dirt from, one area of the parking lot to another area. He said the car could possibly have been buried by the bulldozer, because there is n place for a car to drive up theteep embankments. l'umbalalot reported the incident to the Keystone KopsSunday morning by telephone right after he got home from church. Question Of TheDay QUESTION: Why are female student leaders ugly? ANSWERS: Dean of Women Betyu Costly: "'Female student leaders are ugly because they wouldn't become leaders if they could get dates but since they don't get dates they have nothing to do so they become female student leaders, if you know what I mean."' Dean of Sexual Affairs Jester Male: "Ugh, if you ask me about that I'd have to say what a stupid question you are asking. Women belong in the home. As the Bible says, women should be seen but not heard, bless you Lord." Student Body VicePresident Grunch Badrich. "What, pray tell, is female student leader?" Mortar Board President Qutie Cobble: "Female studentleaders are beautiful." President: Justice: Mr.: Stefen C. O'Boggle: "If I hear one more word about the girls in Brolard Hall, Il .-.y u "There didn't seem to be any reason to interrupt our work to report it," said Fumbalalot. "After all, they were only students." Lt. P. D. Hollyhock said his department is unable to undertake rescue operations for the students at this time. "Every man on the force is engaged in issuing parking tickets," Hollyhock said. "You know how students are about parking in the wrong place to get to class on time. "'We are really zapping it to them, and making oodles of money for Student Government at the same time," said Hollyhock, chuckling and rubbing his hands together. Dean of Men Crank Badmans said the students will be dropped from school if they are not in class Monday morning. Dean of Women Betyu Costly said she is sure no UF coed is in the car. "I am certain no UF coed will consent to sit in a parked car, in a lonely place, at night with a man all alone," Costly said. "It must be a girl from FSU." Workers at the project said they were unable to distinguish the sexes of the car's occupants. "They bothhad long hair," said one worker. "But it's got so I can't tell boys from girls, the way they dress and fix their hair." Hollyhock expressed hope that one or two of his officers would catch up on their ticketing Wednesday or Thursday and try find the students. L&W CAFETERIA MONDAY NIGHT MOUTH WATERING CHICKEN CHOP SUEY with RICE OR BEEF & MACARONI 494 313 W. Univ. FERIeA 11:15-2 pm 4:30-8 pm -ELEMENTARY SCHOOL TEACHERS WANTED IN CALIFORNIA Elementary school teachers are wanted in a young progressive school district near Los Angeles, California. New, modern school buildings, in a rapidly growing area near the San Fernando Valley offers teachers ideal teaching conditions. Excellent salaries. Only 40 minutes from Hollywood, Santa Monica, or Pasadena. Interviews for applicants will be given on Friday, April 5, by Dr. Ralph Bell, District Superintendent of Sulphur Springs ,Union School District, Contact the Placement Office for further information and appointment. Monday April.1968, The Florida Pornogator, Page 9 GATORFIEDSBulldozer Buries 

PAGE 10

Page 10, The Florida Pornogator, Monday, April 1, 1968 Orange and ADDRESS ALL CAMPUS CALENDAR NOTICES TO PUBLIC FUNCTIONS OFFICE-, FLORIDA UNION BLUE BULLETIN ADMINISTRATIVE NOTICES STATE NURSING AND STATE TEACHER SCHOLARSHIP LOAN HOLDERS: Scholarship funds are now available, Scholarship Section, Student Service Center, for the winter quarter 1967-68. GENERAL NOTICES EASTER EGG HUNT for children, sponsored by Business Administration Dames, will be held Saturday, April 6, 2-4 p.m., at Perry House, 2300 Newberry Road. Bring your own baskets. Free Icees will be supplied by Gainesville Icee Corp. PAINTING FOR FUN will be held on Thursdays, April 1-May 16, from 7-9:30 p.m. in Room 118, Reitz Union. Mrs. Gladys Johns will be instructor.'The media is collages using paper and other materials. To register, contact Room 310, Program office, Reitz Union. Telephone 376-3261, Ext. 2741. GENERAL NOTICES NEW FOREIGNSTUDENTS are invited to a welcome dinner at 6:30 p.m., Monday, April 1, at First Methodist Church Fellowship Hall, 419 NE First Street. Bring wives. Hosts will be the Gainesville Council for International Friendship and the wives (and husbands) of the International Women's Club. Further information maybe obtained from Glenn A. Farris, ForeignStudent Adviser. GATOR GRAS needs talent for its Minstrel show. Anyone interested contact Linda at 3769163. VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR ENGLISH-IN ACTiON to meet each week with a person from other lands for English conversation practice one or two hours on Mondays and Wednesdays from 4-8 p.m. at the Baptist Student Center, 1604 W. University Ave. FELLOWSHIP SUPPER will be held at the Baptist Student Center Thursday, at 5:30 p.m. Anyone interested may sign up by noon Thursday at the Baptist Student Center. PLACEMENT NOTICESStudents must be registered with the Placement Service to interview. Sign-up sheets are posted two weeks in advance of the interview date 'at the J. WAYNE REITZ UNION, ROOM 22. All companies will be recruiting for June and August graduates unless indicated otherwise. APRIL 5: FREMONT UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT. Education. HUMBLE OIL COMPANY. CAMPUS CALENDAR Monday, April 1 Florida Players: meeting, Constans Theatre, 6 p.m. Program Office: dancinglessons, 245 Union, 7 p.m. Gator Ski Club: meeting, 346 Union, 7:30 p.m. Election of officers, all members please attend. Gator Amateur Radio Club: meeting, 525 E&I, 8 p.m. Tuesday, April 2 Program Office: bridge lessons, Union 150 B, 7 p.m. Semper Fidelis Society: meeting, 361 Union, 7:30 p.m. Art Lecture: Dr. Douglas Fraser, "'Aspects of Primitive Art," Univ. Gallery, 8 p.m. Architecture Lecture: Mark Treib, "Modern Architecture In Finland," 105 B AFA, 8p.m. Men's axnd Women's Glee Club: concert, Univ. Aud., 8:15 p.m. HIstory Lecture: Prof. Michael Kraus, "Was America a Mistake? The Impact of the New World on the Old," 103 B AFA. 8:15 p.m. Wednesday, April 3 UF Symphonic Band: Twilight Concert, Plaza of the Americas, 6:45 p.m. AIA Film Series: "Sienna," and "The Lost City of Ankor,"' 105 B AFA, 7:30 p.m. Language and Literature Club: Prof. Raymond Gay-Crosier "The Tragic: A Phenomenological Approach," 103 B AFA, 6:5 p.m. UNION BOX OFFICE Tickets are now on sale for the Beach Boys. Tickets are $2.50/person. Tickets go on sale Tuesday, April 2 for Florida Players production of "Luther." Tickets are 251 for Students, 75 for children and high school students, and $1.50 for faculty, staff and the General public. 0S 000 000 0 0 1*to.@0.000004 Al ks.mus be reser$ld in adv nc0toRI tm 3 0 eo$z U 0n. 1 0 0 0 y0i0 0a1ingstoy$$h00 Of.,0000* 00 Ear* s 0r s fr00000, 000.0'dOgen4er1ng ccuq) oy$ ,e000.0 I0-0e yehe U ,.0e 040 ,0040 *00 a a e,,& ea0 00 I of $5 and buy a SEMINOLE All books must be reserved in advance at Room 330 Reitz Union Money in Savings by the 1th.r :.-. 16; L ow Earns interest from the 1st_ b4'% q~,~ 0 5 1/4 % per year dividend credited semi-annually % (~ Minimum dividend earning account only $5.0011 ~' ~,*Serving the full-time employees of the U of F aqm iw; Af w w members of theirfamiltes since 1935. GAINESVILLE FLORIDA CAMPUS FEDERAL CREDIT UNION 9 5th Avenue at the crner of 12th Street. 0 Hours: 8:00 a.m. -3:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. 

PAGE 11

Monday, April 1, 1968, The Florida Pornogator, Page 11 AAUP Opposes Academic Freedom By FOWL WATTER Pornogator Staff Writer The Association of Angry UniversitY Professors (AAUP) Sunday reaffirmed its stand that professors should play no role in university life outside of classroom instruction and research. ,If the term 'academic freedom' has any meaning at all, it means we should be free to UF Students Demand More Rules By RED TIDE pomogator Staff Writer More than 500 UF students paraded in front of Tigert Hall Sunday night, demanding more rules and regulations to live by. Led by the Students for a Disciplined Society (SDS), the marchers rapped the laissezfaire attitude of UF administrators for giving too much responsiblity to students too soon. "After all, most of us are not old enough to vote," said Fred Ruleman, SDS spokesman. "We are forced to spend most of our money calling home toMamma and Pappa for advice." The students demandedfive reforms: (1) That attendance be taken at every class and no more than two absences be permitted each tsrm (2) That a general 11 p.m. curfew for both male and female students be rigidly enforced. "We are victims of a double standard," contended Nick Brats, president of Men's Interhall Council. (3) That the student newspaper devote itself to"guest columns" from UF faculty and administrators. (4) That military discipline govern all areas of student conduct, making the UF ",the West Point of the South." (5) That student government select an elite "Gator Guard'1 to patrol the campus, keeping out outside agitators who "come to the campus to disrupt our tranquility and besmirch the image of our beloved alma mater." Another SDS spokesman, Tom Dulmore, said the group was concerned over student anxiety caused by mixing of the sexes on the campus. "After 20 years It's time to admit that coeducation is a failure On the UF campus," he said. "Instead of reducing the amount Of time students devote to frivolOus concerns, it has increased themn. Only a new Prohibition Act will save us from the oldest'fate worse than death' known to man." DATSUN The all new Datsun is coming to Gainesville,. SOON! devote our entireenergies to academic pursuits," declared Dr. G. K. (Sledge) Hammerer, AAUP president. Hammerer said UF professors are concerned about being asked to give some of their time to participate in the decision-making process of the university. -"Just because a man is a good nuclear physicist or an authority on 17th Century art, what makes the UF think he knows anything about running a university?" Hammerer asked. The professors contended that UF administration should be left up to professionals, preferably men drawn from the field of politics and military service. Part of Sunday's resolutionincluded a request that each UF professor donate one day's pay to permit the hiring of more administrators, particularly vice presidents. "Rather than always coming to us for advice, why doesn't the UF hire four, six or eight more vice presidents. We think it is a disgrace for a university of this size to attempt to get by with only four," Hammerer commeted. As on all previous occasions, the AAUP took pains to note that only 45 persons, including 25 nonmembers, took part in the meeting. "We want it understood that we speak for only a small minority of the faculty," Hammerer declared. "We are always afraid that the news media might misinterpret our action as reflecting the attitudes of the faculty as a whole." GATOR GUY Rich A Go Go, Tri Delt little brother, is today's luscious campus beauty. Born in Middlesex, Kentucky, A Go Go plans to pursue a career in ornamental glassbloWing. Watch for DUMP L.B.J. Headquaters Opening Soon 1107 N. MAIN ST. High Membership University N~ ~ Am ------O $ Did you know that three out of three Internal Fun Council members do it? Yes, two out of three UF girls say it's true. L.oncernea Democrats pd. pol. ad. Enjoy Personal Barber SerICe ~KRejax in comfort and convenience at the best in the profesi sional barber field in Gainesville. Specialists in razor cuts trimmings, washings and conventional cuts. See Kenny or Ma at .SIM'S BARBER S HOP 817 West University 378-2016 say "Be Mine" Art Carej D IA M OND R IN G Will you fumble for words at s that very special moment? No matter Your choice of an ArtCarved diamond ring will say it beautifully, and carry that special message of love each day of her every year. Since 1850, more brides have cherished ArtCarved rings than any other. This proud heritage is yours to see today r in our exciting new collection of ArtCarved diamond rings. WILD-FLOE from Gainesville's QualityJwel MEMBER AMERICAN GEM SOCIETY Phone 3762655103 W. Univ. Ave. QUEPASA? -----ByNEWSHAWK CHAFED Pornogator Staff Writer IN A LOTTA BULL: UF President:Justice:Mr. Stefen O'Boggle will give a bullfighting exhibition at 3:30 in the Plaza of the Americas. A slight admission charge of $125 a quarter Is asked. IN CIVIC ORGANIZATIONS: The Gay-nesville-Ocala Happy Redneck Club will meet in the outhouse serving Murphree Area and the surrounding vicinity at 7 yesterday morning. IN SPEAKING OUT ON THAT OLD SUBJECT: The Student Grand Committee for a Realistic Vietnam Policy, a group which emphatically denies being a Commie front, will meet today, at some time or other, in room 1124 of the Grits Union to denounce Yankee imperialists. Admission, 3 ruples. Bring your own slogan. IN FINALLY TAKING A STAND: The NCAA announced its decision on the practice of giving athletes an automatic degree in the field of their choice tonite at a closed meeting open to the public in the broken elevator on the ground floor of the union at tooth-hurty. IN CHANGES OF VIEWPOINTS: Regents Chairman Fester Frustration will MC the love-in sponsored by the Chaste Women's Temptation League to be held in the 4thfloorbathroom of the union at groove-time tonite. Frustration was against the hippie movement until he was fired from the Board of Regents for running thru the capitol building in Tallahassee screaming, "Smoke Pot1" "Smoke Pot!" at the top of his lungs. There's a place for YOU in a Florida fraternity Even work isn't so hard when you're doing it with people you like. A spirit of cooperation and helping is one of the ideals of a fraternity. The feeling of belonging to a group and the close interaction with other individuals of similar interests will be highlights of your college years. OPEN HOUSE FROM 7 -10 TONIGHT AT CHI PHI DELTA SIGMA PHI PHI KAPPA PSI PHI EPSILON PI PHI KAPPA TAU ---1 

PAGE 12

Gator Editor -Dr^ownc4uin&d& Governor Kirk signing two more cational crisis. teacher volunteers during the eduUF Honor Court Chancellor: 0. 'Cheating Can't Be Stopped' Honor Court Chancellor Cheat According to Sinober, the said, "has too much to d Sinober announced Saturday the classes will be organized this spend all our time with ci Honor Court has come to the summer and begin operations in and ignore more importan realization that it cannot handle September. like seeing that the fruit student cheating. 'Te advantages to theseclassfor." The cheating," explained Sinober, "is just too wide spread. But we do feel that something should be done to see that cheaters do not have an unfair advantage over students who do not cheat. So we haye decided to organize classes in student cheating." es are two-fold according toSinober. First, the classes would tend to equalize students in the same fashion as if there were no cheating at all. Second, the legalizing of cheating would remove much of the burdensom load the Honor Court must now carry. "The Honor Court," Sinober o. We heaters t things is paid In addition to student cheating classes, the Honor Court will help students copy existing files by offering use of copy machines at a reduced rate. Sinober said the Honor Court is now negotiating with officials of the J. Grain Grits Union for space in the union to hold the classes. By ROBBER MORON Pornogator Staff Writer Pornogator Editor Speed Hawk drowned Sunday afternoon as he was nonchalantly strolling across Lake Alice. According to witness Harmless Alter, Pornogator managing editor, Hawk was fine until his ROTC combat boots became water-logged, dragging him to his death. A medal inscribed "blood redder than thou," was all rescue workers salvaged from the lake. Alter said he probably could have saved Hawk, but he was wearing a new Gant shirt at the time and didn't feel the occasion warranted getting the shirt wet and possibly ruining it. Sports Editor Snob Panecky and Head Coach Ray Grieves collaborated in publicity and ticket sales for the event. As the crowd of spectators grew, UF cheerleaders led the massive group in soul Inspiring cheers and sing-alongs. UF President:Justice:Mr. Stefen O'Boggle sold gatorade. The president shook hands with every customer, bubbling: "I, I'm Stefen O'Boggle and we've got to miSketnis campus afriendly place and fun thing. And there's no time like the present." Dave Baron of the Student Board of Investigation made the only attempt to save Hull, but was unsuccessfully. Baron commented upon returning to shore, "Sometimes you get in so deep, you've got to swim for your life and can't worry about saving anybody else." Flo Contorchians passed out pork chops. Draft Director Hershey, in Florida on a speaking engagement, claimed the leaky boots were a clear act of sabotage. He said it was a clever plot to keep Hawk from fulfilling his ROTC commitment. In retaliation Hershey ordered the Gay-nesville local board to immediately induct the lake. "I'll have that damn lake on the front lines by June," he growled. Run Naked, Costly Urges Clothing regulations for the UF campus have been revoked, according to Dean of Women Betyu Costly. "After reading the recent Pornogator series about nudie camps," she said, "I'm sold on the idea. Why wear clothing?" Dean of Sexual Affairs Jester Male appeared unconcerned with the change. "Who gives a damn," he said. Did you know that two out of three UF girls do? Yes, the American Liberation of Women Bureau reports it's true. And, what's more, it's happening here. every day. .V N' FLORIDA EVER SEE A CLASSIC AS CHIC AS THESE? JOHN MEYER renders the dirndl with loving tradition and gives you the "now" impact that spring is all about! The dirndl suit, belted, topped with flippant jacket, in pretty pastels, 6-16, $30. The dirndl dress with the look of linen in Erinweave@ rayon and flax, 6-16, $21. Choose and charge a classic in Maas' Village Shop. SHOP MONDAY THROUGH SATURDAY 10 A.M. 'TIL 9:30 P.M.! 7M 

PAGE 13

these people are the Seminolethey are the people who have made your years at the University of Florida the most exciting and challenging of your life. you can remember these days with the Seminole, your record of your college career. order your copy today. send $5 with your name, address, and student number to Seminole, 330 Reitz Union. 

PAGE 14

Page 14, The Florida Pornogator, Monday, April 1, 1968 O'BOGGLE: "WE'RE NUMBER ONE!" UF Second In Alcohol Consumption By PEARLY ALLENEONI Pornogator Staff Writer The UF has been rated second in alcohol comsumption among the nation's campuses byClayboy magazine inapoll entitled "Campus Drinking-Where the Drunks Are,'' appearing in the current edition. "Although the University of Florida does, indeed, boast an amazingly high number of students addicted to alcohol, it is the opinion of the judges that Holy Trinity College is the top drinking campus across the nation," the article said. "It was learned that only half Charlemagne Sheep-herder, a former student bod president who recently completed a brilliant career in law school, lost his first big chance at state politics recently. He ran for Dog Catcher of Implanted City, and lost by a large margin to the incumbent Ruff N. Ready. Pornogator sources in Implanted City said the former student bod president set up such a howl after the election that he had to be impounded all night. BO ZEV! BOOZE! BOOZE.! 4#4 4 the student body was out drinking in Gay-nesville the night before finals week, whereas the entire student body of Holy Trinty was completely smashed duringfinals week," the article concluded. UF President:Justice:Mr.: Stefen C. O'Boggle issued a statement Friday to the Pornogator concerning the article. "This poll is totally absurd and ridiculous," he said. "Clayboy magazine has done this great institution a serious injustice by ranking it as a secondrate drinking school. We've always been number one -have been for the past 12 years. Why, we have more drunks on this campus than any other university, in this country as well as in others," he continued. "The judges made a grave error when they gave our former place of honor to Holy Trinity,," he said. "I just don't understand It," he said, sipping a bourbon and water, "I just don't know why. It's just not fair." Luscious Coed Lauds Food From Campus Food Service By RAUL SPICKMAN Pornogator Staff Writer "It was the most delicious meal I ever ate," said the shapely 12-13-44 blonde after devouring a nourishing lunch at a campus cafeteria. Nearby students cheered their approval when the beautiful Miss Wendy Vasemere, 1SA, said: "I want to compliment the University Food Service for serving me the most delicious meal I have ever eaten in my life." Miss Vasemere said "the sumptuous fried chicken and warm, fluffy mashed potatoes were as nectar to my lips,'' her greasy lips trembling in delight. "Cooked to a turn, the broccoli just seemed to melt in my mouth," she said, while a crowd of 3,000-40,000 bystanders nodded their heads in approval. "Seasoned to perfection and warmed to meet the standards of the most exacting connoiseur the dinner was truly a delight," she said while re-entering the cafeteria for a 23rd serving courtesy of the University Food Service. "I just want to tell you that I think it is just marvelous that such wonderful service is given behind the counter where no matter how busy they are the people always have time to ask each student, 'May I serve you?'," she added. Miss Vasemere then turned to the table where thousands of gourmet delicacies awaited her eager hands. Hundreds of smiling faces greeted us as we walked out of the cafeteria where they were receiving kind, considerate, quick service. Implanted politicos, shrugging of possible reprisals from Sheepherder, said his bark is worse than his bite, anyway. In the meantime, former political enemies in Gay-nesville said, "We knew he could never be elected dogcatcher." Join the fabulous 48 in '68 it's at the 1620 W. UNIVERSITY AvtCAROLYN PLAZA Dean of Men Crank Badmans, when confronted with the poll rating, went into a rage and was unintelligible for six hours. When he finally regained his composure he gave his opinion of the validity of the UF being ranked in second place. Its opinion cannot be printed here but, in essence, seemed to indicate that the UF should have been ranked number one. Dean of Women Betyu Costly said that she had read the article with great interest in her subscription copy of Clayboy, and made some old-fashioned, meaningless, inane and archaic comments that are not worth printing here. 12,000 UF students picketed local bars during the weekend to protest checking of ID's. "We would really drink a lot more if only they weren't so strict," one picketer said. "'We've lost our number one rating and this student body just won't stand for it. We're sending a petition to Hough, urging him to reconsider," he said. Statement Stands Did you know that everybody does it sooner or later? Yes, morticians report that after careful study they can say it's true. POSTER SLOW-UPS POSTER BLOW-UPS: From the Poster Palace -Put yourself on a 20" x 30" poster for just $4.98. Send poto, any size, any subject with return address and check or money order for $4.98 to: ROBERT R. FAVORITE PRODUCTIONS, P.O. Box 10306, Jacksonville, Florida 32207. Prompt return of photo and poster, money back guarantee. They're greatill Belles & Beaux Nursery School 1124 N.W. 39th Ave. Full & Huaf Day Care Planned Activities Phone3784246 or 3723609 Virginia (i.) and Frank (r) are: A. Interviewing an African couple. B. Visiting a Nigerian University. C. Exchanging ideas with Nigerian University students. Actually, Virginia Blount and Frank Ogden are doing all these things. As members of the 500. student World Campus AfloatChapman College, these two Arizona college students had the opportunity to talk with students at the University of Ife, Ibadan branch, Nigeria. With the help of Nigerian Students and professors, the Amer. icans compared religions, art, anthropology,educational systems, economic developments, geography, drama, music, and dance of the two countries. This is the regular course work aboard Chapman's shipboard campus, the s.s. Ryndam. Virginia and Frank transferred the credits they earned back to their home colleges, Arizona State University and Northern Arizona University, and are going on for their baccalaureate degrees. Chapman College is currently accepting enrollments for the 1968-1969 academic year with the World Campus Afloat program. ITINERARIES Fall 1968: Dep. New York Oct. 10 for Dublin, London, Copenhagen, Rotterdam, Lisbon, Rome, Athens, Haifa, Catania, Barcelona, Las Palmas, Freetown, Rio de Janeiro, Buenos Aires, Montevideo, Punta Arenas, Santiago, Lima, Acapulco, arriving Los Angeles Jan. 29. Spring 1969: Dep. Los Angeles Feb. 3 for Honolulu, Tokyo, Kobe, Hong Kong, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur, Colombo, Bombay, Mombasa, Durban, Cape Town, Dakar, Casablanca, Cadiz, Lisbon, arriving New York May 27. The coupon below, if completed and mailed at once, will provide the first step in reserving space for your fall 1968 and/or spring 1969 semesters with World Campus Afloat where you can take full advantage of Chapman College's unique three-year experience in effective teaching aboard ship and in world ports. F --meWorldNO World Campus Afloat, Director of Admissions PLEASE PRINT OR TPE Chapman College orange. California 92e6 Mi s Mrs. -_--_ DATE CampusA LAST NAME FIRST INITIAL Campus CityState Zip Campus_ Name of School Yhoeri I Acaems ajorYear in Academic Major Approx. GPA on 4.0 Scale School Home Address -Age City__ __ Oate zipHome City tateZip -Phone To which address material should be sent: Campus Home E Parent or Guardian I am interested in Fal l[ Spring Semester 19 E Land Campus [] Floating Campus C Both I SAFETY INFORMATION: The s.s. RYNDAM, registered in The Netherlands meets | International Safety Standards for new ships developed in 1948. Sheep-herder Loses Bid For Dog Catching Post 

PAGE 15

Moncd Sports Editor Murdered ay, April 1, 1968, The Florida Pornogator, Page 15 13y DEAL FLA MDE uS Pornogator Staff Writer Gay-nesville police disclosed Sunday night that they still have no ,3ads in the brutal murder of Pornogator Sports EditorSnoon Panecky. Panecky's body was found early Saturday morning in front of the PET house. Blood matching that of Panecky's was also found in front of a dormitory for athletes. Preliminary coroner's reports reveal that Panecky apparently died of massive internal hemmoraging resulting fronr having been struck repeatedly by a multi-pointed instrument. Speculation that the murder might have been committed by UF jocks was denied by police, despite the fact that a shoe with spIkes would fit the shape of wounds found on Panecky's body. Police immnzl'ately held five members of PET fraternity for questioning, but as of Yet, no charges have been filed. Unofficial sources state that several residents of Jock Hall, unhappy with recent coverage of sports events b7 Panecky, might have conspired to murder him, thus eliminating the source of current publicity. Hail residents reported aanunusually largee ntmber of check-outs by residents for the weekend. Panecky's body, bloodopattered and heavily punctured by some instrueo 4, was found in a wooded area directly across from the PET house by three unHientified coeds from nearby Fume Hail. The first coronoar's reoort ruled out the use of an icepick or other sich single potninstru-. ment due to the uniform depth and regularity of spacing of the wounds. The time of death was Grieves Signs Negro Athlete By DAVE REDNECK Pornogator Staff Writer Rat Black, militant Negro leader, has signed a grant-in-aid football scholarship with the UF, the Pornogator learned Sunday. Black is the first man of his race to sign with the Gators. "We've received a great many complaints about our recruiting practices this year," said Head Coach Ray Grieves, "so we decided to calm the masses." "After carefully studying the films on the 6 o'clock news, we feel that Black is the man for us," he said. "He's a real leader," Grieves continued. Black, standing 5'5" tall and weighing 105 lbs., admitted that his football experience is lacking. "I've never played any organized football before," he said. "But if it's anything like street fighting, I should do okay." "They haven't told me what position I'll play," said Black. "It might be the guy that throws the ball, I think I could do that with no trouble, I've been really practicing hard lately and I can hit a cop, ruling at top speed, with a soft drink bottle at 50 yds." "But then I might do better running with the ball," he said, "you should see my broken field running." "I have played some football 'before," he said, "The Watts game was really something, but probably the most exciting of all was the Chicago game. I scored 15 points on cops alone (5 points per cop), 14 on the National Guard (7 per man) and 40 on white bystanders, (10 points each) but one of those was called back, the guy was an undercover man for our side." When told of Black's signing, Florida Gov. Claude Quirk had but one comment. "Welcome to Florida," he said. "With Black's signing," said Grieves, "we will be able to institute a whole new set of formations, using sweeps and muscle plays up the middle, with Black carrying the ball." "I guess you could say," he concluded, "that we'll be using a lot of Black power plays this Fall." Sling chairs india bedspreads lanterns mexican glassware akari lamps paper furniture paper flowers danish rugs blow-up chairs leather b.o.c, chairs fish kites BUTTERFLY CHAIR $12.00 CONTEMPORARY FURNISHINGS ORIGINAL ART AND CERAMICS 5DESIGf SKOP 3448 W. UNIVERSITY AVENUE 378-5565 estimated at between 2 a.m. and about midway between PEThouse Sa.m. Saturday. and Jock Hall. It was no secret that the Pornogator sports editor was not on fra' "' terms with either fraternities or athletes. Several columns Panecky had raised the ire of fraternities, when Panecky first did not publish all sports material submitted by the fraternities, and then, when fraternities charged discrimination, Panecky answered in his column that the "Fraternities should grow up.''" Athletes too, had disagreemen% over Panecky's handlingof basketball games, and his overemphasis on the mistakes of the players. He had received several verbal lashings during a recent "F" Club banquet at which he was invited to speak. Panecky was last seen by friends late Friday evening when he received a telephone call during a party he was attending. Panecky left, leaving no word as to his intended destination. His car was foundSunday afternoon in the parking lot of the ROTC complex. This would be I As of Sunday night, police had still not released the five fraternity members, nor announced whether they intend to make any further arrests. Police Chief W. D. Coiner gave the following statement Sunday: "As 9 o'clock tonight, we have been unable to establish any definite leads in the murder of Snob Panecky. We will not allow unreliaDle motives to bias our search for the murderer or murderers. "We have not yet found a murder weapon or motive strong enough to substantiate formal charges. We are presently holding five members of PET fraternity for qirestioning. It should not be construed that these students will be charged, or have admitted any part in the slaying." Panecky, 21, was a senior, and had served as sports editor since the summer of 1967. No one has been named to fill his post. Funeral services will be held Tuesday, at the Pornogator office. Burial will be at Florida Field. TWO GAINESVILLE LOCATIONS 23105. W. 13th Street 1505 N. W. 13th Street C,) C-, CAN WIN IN FLORIDA MAY 28 Students beat LBJ in New Hampshire We can do it here. in UNIVERSITY CONCERNED DEMOCRATS pd. pol. ad. I 

PAGE 16

Page 16, The Florida Pornogator, Monday, April 1, 1968 UF's Lentz Out On Arm Injury. By PAUL KAPT'N Pomogator Sports Writer Florida's grid hopes were brutally crushed yesterday when the Gators' No. 1 quarterback, Rarry Lentz was carried off of the UF practice field with a broken left arm. Lentz will definitely miss the first half of the 1968 football season, and unless his arm makes unusually fast progress, he may not wear a Florida uniform at all next year. "This really breaks me up," punned head coach Ray Grieves. "Without Rarry's services there's no telling how this team will perform."s Coincidentally, the man who broke Lentz' arm was Jackie Ecchdahl, Florida's No. 2 quarterback. Ecchdahl kept pleading for one chance at defensive tackle, and when he was given his chance, he blew through the offensive line and suck his knee into Lentz' arm who was already lying on the ground. "This is really horrible," Ecchdahl said smilingly. "I guess that puts me and my rifle-like arm back in the driver's seat." Gi eves disagrees. IE(.chdahl looked so good at left tackle, that I'm making him mystarter at that position," Grieves n: 'd. "That means that Hairy Peaccck will be my No. 1 quarterback, and Jim Hardly, who used to be our left tackle, will move up to the back-up quarterback. Lentz, a senior from Coral Gables high school, where he re-wrote the record books was in a not-too-jovial mood in his private suite at the J. Ifllis Miller Health Center. "My million dollar arm hurts like hell," Rarry said. Lentz went onto note that without him, the Gator's chances of having another mediocre season are very, very slim. "Without me this team will be mighty short on talent," he admitted. "I hate to doff my own hat, but I'm a pretty valuable man to have around." Once again, Grieves disagrees. "Peacock may turn out to be just the man we've been lookingfor," he said. "He can't throw real good, and he's certainly not a runner, but he's got a lot of heart." As for Hardly, the new backup man, he has never thrown a football in his life; but when he runs, no one gets in his way. Football Gets 'New Look' Sex will have its day on the athletic field next year as well as elsewhere onthe dust-covered coed campus: three girls have gone out for the football squad. The three coeds announced theirintentionscas they donned paisley shoulder pads, mauve jerseys with fuschia numerals, and chartreuse pants and prepared to head out to the practice field for scrimmage Saturday. The prospective gridders are "Baby" Bard 2UC, 42-22-37; "Sexy"t Loren, 3ED, 39-23-38; and Raquel Welchade, 3FY, 4018-39. The girls described themselves as "real sports," saying they are willing to give their male counterparts a "little run for their money." "Let's face it: we might even liven up the game a little bit," Miss Bardot said. "Those boys were probably getting a little tired of bouncing aroundwiththat ugly little piece of pigskin all the time anyway." And the coeds say they expect no competition with the positions they seek. They are going out as pass receivers. G.G.K FEEL AFTER YOU LEAVE THE BOOKSTORES? The object of every mistake is not to make it TWICE! OWe Sell At Prices TheBookstores Couldn't. *We Buy At Prices The Bookstores Wouldn't STUDENT GOVERNMENT BOOK EXCHANGE REITZ UNION COLONADE THROUGH FRIDAY APRIL 5 WILL RE-OPEN AT ERM'S END we care 1859-1967.108 YEARS YOUNG Two Convenient Locations 601 S.W. 2 Ave. 1130 N.E. 16 Ave. Super Right Breakfast BACON lb. 1 1b. pkg Super Right, Heavy Western New York STRIP STEAK (Boneless) SULTANA STRAWBERRY $1.58 lb. PRESERVES IlOoz 294 A&P SALTED VIRGINIA PEANUT S 13 oz Can 59C ANNPAGE ORANGE MARMALADE I lb. Jar 35t Super Right, Heavy Western RIB STEAK. (Bonele'ss) TIDE DET ERGENT "4 Off Label" Large Size 2 NUTLEY OLEO SOLIDS Ilb. Limit 4 with 2/25 $5. 00 order BAKERY JANE PARKER CINNAMON ROLLS JELLY TOP 'SWEET ROLLS PINEAPPLE TOP SWEET ROLLS $1.09 Lb. Red, Delicious STRAWBERRIES 3 pints $1.00 Fresh Sweet CARROTS 2 lb. Bag 25C Russet Baking POTATOES 10 lb. Bag 59C ORANGES 5 lb. Bag 594 GOLDEN (11o11 SUGARED (12oz)' CINNAMON (12oz) 2/45 JANE PARKER BLACKBERRY PIE 1 b. 8oz 6 pk 6 ozspecial CRISCO OIL 48 oz. 79 -u -I ii 3/$1.00 A&P FROZEN DONUTS ORANGE JUICE Air & otIn --ls~ 94:: a -T 
