
PAGE 1

CO) Y OFFICIAL STUDENT PUBLICATION UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA m t tt. r cmO r A iltNOW THAT POLITICS ARE OVER LET'S DO A LITTLE BIT OF SERIOUS STUDYING. VOL_24. C' A TT4TE'X7TT.T T I''rr "'TnhA f in a inmv' well taken. Columbia since 1894 and has c ss country squads have averi been directtir of the resarch deed plkiting third in the Souil irn partment of the American ManuConlerence, which is the higher. Manning Dauer Gets To the iiniffiliated men who facturers of Toil't Articles sncc rating of 1rBaY University of Flor8uPrta unf I frmy inco 1927H-e wa.4 a member 01 .1 ida teamn. Phi Beta Kappa Bid thanks and gratitude. To the men White House Conference on CoiCoach Nash Hliggir n a'7 adof MY party who supported meI servation of Natural Resources football coaching cqurses under Newsreaced the m am indebted. To the party men at the invitation of President Bob Zuppe, Knute Rockne. P( ,", vY'ct'rdav if hI e teeC(t-OZ liut' lPhi of the TothnopatulaRoosevelt in 1908. Warner, Gil Doie, Alonzo Stagg' Beta apta (f Manning J. Dauer. tiot on a job well done. To the' This well known chemist is a Tad Jones, and Howard Jones. He Jr. graduate of the University t mnci whob ate n dv inestinal forti-'member of almost every national vas tutored in basketball by DOc Florida. who will re Is tude I'M e yorry. To my opponand international chemical olMeanell, Phog Allen. and Ralph P i .degree in June rim the Cit M ood luck and a better. mgayization and has served as Jones. In track coaching courses Univer-it1 Illie .with a en~igat .-Fod mysklf-d a nother president in some of them. He he has twice been instructed by a.;r m history an41 lit~cal Year to do r what y can to help the associate editor of the Journal Harry Gill. once under Dean scene. erW officers make the Alligator, of the Ameican Chemical SoCromwell, and has attended the Phi Beta Kappa is the rix twf what it should be Acety. National Institute of Track scholastic attainment. and nixl HarveytHhudrbe. ie Dr. Bogert wil be a guest of Coaches under Harry Schulte. the very nest of students arc Harve Hasker.honor Monuay evening at a din----------------elected into membership. NOTICE I ner given by the Florida sectionI NOTICE Mr. Dauer receive his bach'There will not be an Alligator of the American Chemical soThe regular Alligator staff lor's and master's degrees from Terw nt wek n accoutct meeting will not be held Monday the University of Florida before Of the Spring vacation. The staff Mem-bers if the student b o,,night. but the staff will meet entering Illinois. andi here ho" wa Wfis everyone a restfu ek and townspeople are invtti to April 10 at 7:00. Every muembt elected into, Phi Kappa Phi f'r S UNVD)A Y, A I'l 1 2, P),':' Vice-President Higgins Signs ContrActPresdent At University of Tampa Comment I.TmaPs I Gels Tampa Post BELOVED ATOR Thscolumn has been the cenMFNTAR IET( 5 ,r of much discussion throughMENTOR a TS 5 Wt the year because of the stand quetios. heauroeY A OR C ba taken one way or another an many questions. The purpose of this column from its inceptoin lT 4 has been t6-discuss campus situaWill Go tions and problems from the stuJuly 1; To Dtret Ath dents' standpoint. Inestimal forletics at New U diversity titude has been necessary to step an certain toes, but in every in-l By BOB MATTHEWS St e it has been done sincerely Coach Nash Higgigs, member the idea of being in the of the University tof Florida coaching staff for the past six right. years, yesterday sighed a five* students may expect to conyear contract to becoyne director tinue to find in this column!.o elhadpyi~ dcto ot vie ntsthaNASH HIGGINS of health and physical education CHARLES E. BENNETT frank, powpoins and instructor in Geology at the carried by many members of the University of Tampt formerly ttldltbody. Direct persoheTapnJnir lee-H tisiwil not enterthis clumi ANbeginhiPEdato e s lenege. He oleEditor since there are moreIntimate___Withmore____ utn i t e a r s ofPe xA_ _ _ ways for the handling of such.*ear softil eerie e' Since the beginning of school [T VieGisnewappxintmUnsinnthtwo men have temporarily taken il TV NILL country behind hn, (Coach Higf Agins ill be leaving y the campus over the column in the absence.a thr, wri: Cy H.ouT tdnnre and DeandAwith many friends in he student tEwAr tSe .N be oy Ho u eall e d kk dym and fautywithigrhitye Williams. The name of the regr LAP EpA wibodOONbeing m te a jar author of this column apgldonoh i t mmigy n pears at the end of this column St dents Will Be Given the state. and will be found there from Chance To Voice Gripes His new appointment, announcnow on. Atedin Tampa yester ey. will in-, wAnhduchrievn cessIhn t Hcue ji the Un of elthf The column was not started as m tAnnual Edition be tr elopmentn of head a ballyhoo medium for the aui and physical education programs thor, nor Will It be. If youfavorr The third annual wGripe and and the coaching of teams reed the opinions presented herein, Griey E Florida pesenting that instittion He work for them. If we remain r ,-g will be the director o all atlehuman and make mistakes they Aligator will appear ubmetimeti activiie a t he o They ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~i ca oi n ild t n ann o eUiest. -gactiviterytctedUitve r in will be admitted. if you perin the latter part of April. The Tampa, which is being moved to a uonaly dislike the theme or the:exactedate Wlbe announced new location and wll soon be a attitude do your griping to the later. Previous editions have met typical city liberal Irts college. author. *awithscer ohen c ssating fearing bachelor's dertees.cs surhvouingsuccessetha Hejoned tenversity Avteeadpe.of the issue has almost become a Florida coachig a in 127, You hav el cte 49 men tocam pus tradition. It-, objective coming from t he p st on of head e you In student government Is to allow the students and evey ncoacy at the Hillr boro High JIMrAMY KNOTT eant year. You have heard their person connected With the Uni-. School, Tampa.D promises and read their plat-' versity of Florida to express During seventeen years of .orm, now see that theyd.give er e r e a 1, honytgto-goodnessg coaching his tracTr teams hav o you what they have promised.O opiniRs on various subjects per:Plst fourndual et an work n nE They can do It and will do it, and taingdto-theiUniversity.he A lvc-e work in must do it. Among the subjects which are t s otheprs wi whi e BeIegtor toye particularly emhas worked. H ne gr acted from T T E exetdt'eWabash College, India a, with anS A E CH O phasized and criticized are: the ATi and triel tocafe brin thlakof sghtiny maAB. drd.eNaion 192A.teA. ol andtrlyfle c.tugt a Sogg ay,5ked n!kd. tes wi the auditorium the tic requirements at Juliet -m A. "For~~ HoSigh e!SiitecihhelckofsatnolA .erean 1924aifer ColasR GR SSN BFor years I have been lak of an adnqued lightingpsrv-'Hha Schol a oeelgcompreted. Striving to be of some ten on Univecrsity Avenue; faculheen c peted 'Service to mankind and ty members who refuse torcooTach igginsa ti am e o hbyKey earn an honest living -operate with the student body in ar t n al e Dr. Tigert Announces That hatteelvedsanhtex?"I dn y:National Football Coches Assoenfrcng mte Hr System: f deae'e-grdaewreig wredaRkilwEuatn n. > -haveobeinetnelonvestdeand hated citation, NationalbTraik Coaches Demonstration School lam"ed anddersd ,ylemberiep to its a cw Association, Society nf Directors Work Will Continue overtime; the infirmary, and t .of Physical Educationi in College, r an d lied about. fees.eyon a rs, m es be r m s h v ew t a T he ni w t t e -td m a t I havereceived bricks and bouConcerningdthe issue, B61lJotihonoa ebric4lfra etawTheror totnut-ctnthat quetsbrt,editor-in-chief oferce-pr the gdesty.ke ha s end>aseoni hol mtce Boosts and bumps; have been gator, -says ''The Gripe a Iarid A.isAvce-presdnt f e ea-drios atoofoo engc Hymned and flimmed, hugged IUGrievancedition of the Alligator brAAa -d on Ninth Stre.t, is n andyprtobringntolrshtaKyC i the All-American Track and nField tirtly ItI wnaCorIng tog sIt I andto tuhriesn tontina brn olgtaymt or.Ntoa l A.i'A s. v <an eu r iet aeati Slugged, kissed and kicked. ters which the student consider c Track and Fld Coin itno',bDr. T~gert for the AllButA have decided to go right unjust and in need of improve -rkl-mpr -tees. g aIor. Only a part of t he tindsi on living. My decision is ment. The object if this issui The newly pointed University for the erectiiono o' ili t ttiIig based on a mild curiosity toris purely constructive, thereforeot Tam a director o athletic ry versed b e tt know personal attacks will not be perhas ~ad the unusual experience of What the ell isanext?",mitted and any scandalous 3r, coach din l of is rtrnasurrththe rest co intil tle profane material Will be deleted. graduate work, being awarded a Rock lio Education Fund. s' psWe invite and trengly urge. Hlettgr from Wabash torservices it i ther'y y lprolant ti I at anrAfter playing "mullet" for a everyone to air all gi ipean as Coac while an undergrad -tI rg ill conic umber of y"ars, members of grievances' for the general welat,. While tutoring football e wiifon-cwt pte con in.p LI fare of the school." squads his teams e pve won 75 fct hflew state Scabbard and Blade are apIt l at t e r en t atoh proaching the realization that .-h---r----per cent of all the games plyd.rectielready W155d t in thi'rnatt'rn ninety pecnthof f ifns llabsne l Known ChemiU His six year stay Ontietd r aimepn the rgih is too much to send tognational U versit y of Florida cmps ha-; t headquarters. To Giv e tuge In :been taken up mostly WithservTalaha see and atti expJainn Prospective pledges of Scab-* ing as assistant varsity football the siatition, had no troihit' in bard and Blade will think twice j Auditorium Monday cah on c 4nvrit iig ste lppopria!a i.ttot before handing over their pay an trshmaon track oach. tvare ntebidnt' Sity ce rt s iithat ( venrur S dlzi., checks frrgsrto tanr Marston T. Bogert, proyears. This year aiiJ track and teetdi -lc0 T r tional headquarters, aind subfessor o cieistry at Columbia cross country duties" were the ir'iit'tseiiniua mi lorida in a gneral wax' intl in scription to a monthly magazine. University, will deliver a lecture same and he was trshmian linefi,(nvriyI att ; ,I If the men of Scabbar'd and' in the University auditorium t(coa'h and director of t riuirals Co' 'eluer i t v inparitilul. t Blade will .lead the ilgay many morrow night (on "Around the As aoit professor here Coach 'oopet'r'ans-r*hatiyx ilIU Stntcampus hntaiswlWolinSac ofPrue."Higgins has taught curses in the the'plasns. ieo rf folow with demands of greatl.V' This lecture is given under the College of Education !for stu hnts -tiothe' prsinact time. iani ur reduced "national" fees and dues.! joint auspices of Gamnma Signa 'majoirng inphysical education. iaof scnnng ifTtlili,' ii ti'(OR go loca, in a real way, for Epsilon. chemical fraternity. ani, This past fall uts frosh line cal frfcom'hetion i. eThe lct. the betterment of the organiza'Rho Chi, pharmaceutical fraterncoach he helped to produce an uncl oer comtepletintinlSetember tions and the University. ity. defeated tam. The intramural pro'Atet. a thte rsndut trato Common sense and a genuine lDr. Bogert, who has received prograni which he aS directedfitpriigr Willthereoislno dttat effort along these lines will benedegrees fron Columbia 1nixerthiis year has reached 8) per cent ue~yfr dngwil eptacompeingted and fit incoming men and give the sity. Cl1a rk University. an'*] (1flthe student body 'i-nd has I !Ml (or accptanc during Old men a feeling of satisfaction Charles University'. has taught at (e ivc~i ;a great deal of praiSt' li .,'il t Quits Board, I' '~'I~ tt tllI t' I o in sa h it i83-' .1 ii -lairma li of the State Mtaordfeontrol, whose resignation from ta rbodyt WaSInnouncedngeneers% esterdai.Nr. IJonge has a r-cordt y2S arsof nice on the b r r an he ne dt 'mon-tral(iti'gi at' Fg in i' i n %ile %will bc iamed for him.__ Major-Gen. Brown Will TakePart In E ngineer' Mt g 1:; v' I ol I )1''''-''I t '' o I I Ii 'r y a aPeit.d -h in tai' -' a r ,k r 1!ar .tl> w i r -'VI ri I:Ft'r Eat st.:4,STsita. xa t 'I h z oI '., No. 21. Secretary-Treasurer Students' Party Wins Majority of Positions GEOlGE COULTER Alligator Editor NEW CHARTER IS ACCEPTED FOR 'REVIED Literary Publication Is No Full-Fledged Student Body Publication. III I Elit -, I-It' Iv h, l I Pr VI' W, 141 .1 lit 10-7'I .i I I' -i'1/m' nitha 1t a s -a ntt~ kit a an'i -, Pt1' i'I' 1 III ~ i~ lt~ imI t t;I I t I 11 I I tr 1), 1 hTr1a ft r"V cno poed of a 11 I-:ni .I n i it : -F tive imrn'',' a t iti ti Plihiiations r e 1 nim 1wr of Cth(-Enghshi.-4m!it T h e p u rp1 -1 th l l I( Florida Engineer RECORD VOTE IS Wins $50 OnPaperCS Charles 11. Bolton, Jr. W'est Patim eah, junior in the (ollege of Engineering, was awardvd $50 in gold as first prize for B D L~ I N his paper, "Armor Plate," which he read at the Southeastern Bennett, McCart', Coulter, conference of the student chapWill Head Stu ent Govters of the Anerican Society xt Year. of Mechanical -Engineers which ement For N Y met In Birmingham, Ala, Friday and Saturday. By FRANK ,. VRIGHT Bolton, with twelve other enRiding the crest of the greatet. girners and Professor C. H. wave of political interest in the ,Janes left here Thursday mornhistory of the student body of t:Ing to attend the meeting. Bolh ton won first place and a prize University of Florida, the ot live dollars on his paper in dents" party swept, thirtN*-st'V0. contest sponsored by th. nominees into otic:4" local chapter. for the ensuing year while tlo r opponents, the "F Irida" paI placed but tWelve! Candidiaic. rI ,~I'D~'only three of which wevre 1%'tc Ii ,OFFIErDS K IEAVL'the major office gro1up. MAKCharles Bennett, for-nierly IAIT~ 'AD J~ and son of Walter J.1 3ennetl. ii' PLANS FOR JAN torologist for FloriIa i i o f the United StatO-s '4 atl." r IBureau in Jacksonvle, was 1 the van of a record student bi I vote totaling 1985, and coimian'l -ed a majority of 3.11 votvs ovor 3inder Deposit Is Raised his life-long friend, Bill Joilert, And -c; April 'rolics Tampa, for president of the ;.t'Will Be Held. dent body. Bennett polled I151 votes. Ians for the "April Frolics." Sharing the highest honors jf for which Jan Garber's famous ,he election with Bennett wi orchestra will play April 28 and' Dan McCarty, Ft. Pierce.anil, 29. have wen defiitely complet-IGeorge Utulter, IJack on ill, elected vice-presidetAand SO(I W. The bi der deposit has Ueen tary-treasurer, respectively, k)f raisetby members of the rnterthe student body. M'.Carty b:ti Fraternity Conference and paid; Ludwig SchwarzkopA, Miami. and the contracts have been sign543 votes, and Coulter led Joihn -'d and returned. Ausley, Tallahassee, by 324 v'it. Gardner Gillette, president of Shortly after the four-hour b,1.the .iner-Fraternity Conference, loting period closed Thursday lii' whicn is sponsoring the "April ternoon, officials of tll;, t O'.:m Frolics," said Thursday, "I want body honor court ainich i in 'to assure the student body that the grind of tahu ating v 'it. the Inter-Fraternity Conterence 'The work extended through the I,, w li m Itt I ; I I I It --1, 1; 1 ( ) I ;i I ; I'',t'. '''-I Thfi tr n-Iii i h i iw-ed that annx lt' t contr ibut-' t' I til' ir terial toI r' A tson at 213 L n a Pr fessor Robert-on t IJ tdxi-trv ed(itttr o thr''tr t1 wt Pal .n11f o vi rvn J-ahai' 'r I irI t11 i I h,)rt av, n i So( onI v ha a r -Av Z i -I ( ty V If r II i' t A 111 r t ie F Hugh KEm 1,-i.r o 1, n 1 m a n ; i i rr tin. cOntrih,-1,n L McQ11 It v. c r1 r t (I in:e vTE.podMtr dances will be given April 28 and 29. an i that the real Jan Garber will fir ish the music, rumors to t' contrary nitwithstandmng. The ttntract has been signed, the de1 ()Sit raised and paid. 1hi erithusiasi with which the plans have been receive I nas been gratityin, the advance ticket sale lii. lii'c'ii gooi. ITie tit-less e oit(s if t .committee are to be Tha! thi will be the most suc.-niii ,btn c xi'i'Aik'nid in the hisS t'h .th ii ass Ire It IS Ies Iiog r'tsive aocir I t'p Nlmiob'rs of t1w Inter-Frat'rnity iri-i' have had tickets inluiirng adiiiission to the three of the "April Froli1son sale for cr a wxi','k, i a successful effort > iai:' thi large hinder deposit jimndirldf-di by the Mu(sic Corora. t ion )f Anriiia, which ranagcei 4 arhir's )1 chestra. It is irnpoitait that imneli.ers of the student body who want to attend the damt t h tihv I er ti-ke1s at 0.nce hl-i wnl.'-the riurni i of tickets Iil ii -will WI rn Iti''-elI to only ((n7r:'ied on Page Three) Dr. L. R. Jones Is Principal Speaker At Sigma Tau Meet I)r 1 1. Jones, hs-ad ( 1 th hidrti pa tiholi gy epiartmient of th I lriversity of Wtiisconsin fol n tlwenty-xive years, addressed thi Sigima Xi society l'hirsdtay ''viynr. g, Mar lh 3t. .n the _Isject i() "Educatiin anl {Rsear iiin hi rOent, Following 6". ,lot n N es + -i one ,f:o p i 'n4 by x's-'iItl wimo': IS 5iurning in thd .1; jlp j. .-c im thvir wn ceint r 'Ti Iin part of Dr. Jo0es t ili1 1 1 "j I t' rch in Jai lt e ci utly whif l hifeel., mil sowij ay in the future be tMe ioremiost c(i)untry -in the East in -i intific t r ''search. Dr. Jones exjidilied ho; 1 ,,#e the Imperial Udet mi '72 Japan has bet.rn makng gre;t progress along the ii:(I Agicultural research. He stated that at present there are -vcn Iinpe. :ai Universities in .tpan tar the .st-ldy of Plant S' ho;ogbesides independent ttigis an'; experimental gardi-ads (,f the Imperial Univer-ii i a ndi most of the other re-i n-ri of Japan come to the U;d a.ffr tbc:.r traimg. night into Friday iioruing, anil the official results in ac ca -test was is.lued 7by (1han John Rodgers at 9 a m. Of the 20 otiices, i. i'ne major division, the "Stujents"part y carried 17, -and sveitt 'v i'l'I decisiveness to victory in l.)a4 the 17 Ofii( ( in ti' t council race in eght;:c'illi'-,t 't, 'Florida' party siipi ieid real re!,istancec in the honir t c-(ntests. Twelve ptnl. w. re ot tted upon the dfe'-t #'I1 'r d ,'' party t' '-'uting mx i'n. When Iill Ye'ir T; ii feated Harvey Ha'-''r. to-rsbi1rg, for husi i ss iitn r of thi' Floridt A. liig: tor, -weekly, the "lorida1 ret Ivi, 1 a major ups' t. pE(1l i 'I to the 'Florida'' '--i r y. t'nerged wit i very ilt t' i Tl 11:way of political t:-!-IA the victory of Raymo'l ( 'Jacksonville, over Laatri i, Miami Beach, for editor of th Book. The ruc wa;cli' xi Crabtree winning by a In K only four votes, det'iri mind in a second checking of ti,'h Ali. i-on ''a in t .<-rs "'le, f irt' int" ;'ir'l I' hit vl ng ett'"n f' iti a ~ the voting botwccii fpmr dat -for tw';' tofmt-'s on d' '' party its third win group) of 20 major oft hOijffandn victe i vlvction, all -Studsdnt, lin tih. '' lit I 'ir-i ," Janf's Knott, Talloith ..p of StatTreasurer W. V h"ot, editor of the Sem inili. i,'. i'e;t in' Al Delegal. Live Oak 107h to Reggie Williams, Taripa.wness mrariager of the n feating Joe Mathis. Pan-in' r 11097 t-' 531 ttr Irt h t.116"A I'lolle t 41 fvatm;: Al liiaramini .T nmnt, I'anl Bet, west Paint B'nhizint'.s Y);mnage r of t hI' Biok. d featinp Dul nLeitherwod, Slat'r, 1034 to 885. Richard Gardnsr, Quinty. re id mt of the Lyceum Counil, de-feating Meyer Stoun, Tampa. I Q', to 14914. Paul Knight. Stark, to m,-: bership on the Lyceimnr ( 'tun i, with Robbins. Flori lA flarty <'ididate. Defeated were Sam L'w ison, West Palm BWih and St anton Algee. Orlando. Ernie Schirmnr, ( 'vst;il It r president of the Athl'tc ('troin i defeating William M. Braley, Homestead, 984 to 970. Drayton Bernhard, Montg' mu iAla., secretary-treasurer ift the ( Contiptjed og Pa erc Seminole Bus. Mgr. 'I U DAN MCCARTV -IA M 1 1 11)1i ( t I, 11 t it, v o -I, p rl I --lit ( -! t It, I -I I? Wh 

PAGE 2

THE PLOP.iDA ALLtCAtOP. e Tabula tic .1; 4 .4. THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR in the fielo differ in some respects, perC a ot A weekly publitation published by the students at the haps not v ry greatly onlthe issue WhichI ______eTHE__PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE University of Florida both cover Oaut on those things about which Entered as second class matter at the 'Postoffice in one party has a plank ad the other doos Gainesville, Florida, under act of Congress of March 31, 193. March 3. 1889. not have o e. Now that the stronger oftrr I ewsa-,e to Te Aigator front Preskifit Jn. J. Tiget Subscription rates, $1.50 per year. Ithe two political parties has won its memThe Student Elections are over and the campaign seems to have Advertising rates on Request.I( Ebers will surely try to accomplish it's platbeert carried on in a way worthy of the traditions of the University. _ZA Editor-in-Chief ~~Bill Joubert I, o none st htcniae aebeteetd u Managing Editor Devane William I form. It will be best for the campus if I am not informed as to what candidates have been elected, but I Business Manager Harry Fifield' ani sure tnat tle will atrny .always to promote the best welfare lennett (this does nt mean that they will ignore of the Universitv and the stuent hbdV. jUst as their predecessors have Cy Houle ofpoitialBill J00)017' Assistant Managing Editors John Au oly the platform of the defeated political pardone.Associate Editor. C. C. Sullivan ty. There are constructive measures co we believe that these activities provide one of the most whole-anMCar Associate-Editor.fBillf bfntaffftstooe and helpful opportunities lot training on the campus. The Tended for i both. All effort to carry out lre measure l scent governintrit provided at this University aLudwig Svhwarzkop Editor. Bob Stevens !the excellent portions of each platform counts in no small degree tbr the apid rise of Florida students to Assistant Sam Lewinfion will be mote appreciated by the student positions of lead ,-hip in the tate. I know no place where this is (o r ouite Reporters-Frank Rathburnm Burns Dobbins, Manning -vi et as i oui stat. A former p esident of our student body heAustin, W. F. Rehbaum, Ishmall W. Snyder, Jno. M.body than to ignore the aims of one group Crowell, J. Gynn Parker. E. H. Fischbein, rile Wirt,u came a representative in the Florida Legislature while still a stuDave Bosworth, Horace Sewell. Thos. E. ChappeH. C. P. !erely because it is the defeated one. dent. and immediately upon graduation was elected Speaker ta theA LannOi ad .H nesn .P oesA.HUeo ersnttnte eIl Ciar jlalonti Peters. Alfred Kahn. H. EL_MdsonJ.PJnsH. House of Representativs. Another recent graduate and president of SPORTS DEPARMENT REDUCE SEMINOLE PHOTOS ,te student ody w lsthe important position of State's Attorney Editor Al Delegal. Harvey Haeseks .TWO weeks ago an editorialYappeared itnr .NO. J. l.Ha.vyHagt-r Aset.ntsiBolMatthewsII on By Coleges SHORT COUR 'FORDOCTORS a. WILL BE HEIR 198 14-i 35 87 3 5 214 137 42 73 b 18 1. 191) -1 113 94 88 73 .242 272 140 103 187 102 AUi ga tor-Editor -inchief 224 213 1o2 119 110 83 *2201 2 95 1494) t91 -17 141 Alli gat r t ies Manager 193 241 11W 16 176 82 245 234 151) 113105 103 St.,ijitoi#---FEdit orC t 19 39 25 3 261 25 21 15 21 25 22 22 115 Ext ens ion Division nounces Short Course j 11 Medicine Will Be Held June 19-Z4. .,9 Planwr .e da. yeae ~ 13day for ai yr srt for dli ttrs r ~7stteof IAok 0 1,1 off" 16171)June 1-2t rI Ain DIVI.SIin I*.l~t W4 Florida arld s hvithe j 1411 ,aa Mtdi('il A i,1 f)r. (nrry 1 ho. Sta t Toui BThe VARSITY Equipment Barber Shop perform the duties of the high office to Blue Key fraternity or in keeping 4ua iwhich he has been named. Five years of fied men out. intensive participation in student affairs give him a background of experience The spring edition of the Florida Review which will enable him to be an excellent is now in the process of early preparation. dIllars in a contest conducted by the tx'al chapter. David Barrow, DeSoto City. won second prize with his paper in "Dow Metal." while A. E. Wilson was awarded the third, prize on his paper on "Spins." These three men. in company, with ten others and Professor C. H. Jones. attended the meeting in Birmingham. student body president. Dan McCarty's friendliness squares well with the true spirit of Florida men. Dan's smile is rivalled only by that of the man whom he is to succeed. George Coulter! is well qualified to be Secretary-Treasurer, of the Student Body. DeVane Williams! will vork hard to improve the Alligator and James Knott is determined to mainit you have any literary talent whatever, work up something for the Review. Everything contributed will be given fair consideration. In this edition of the Alligator is a story on the Gripe and Grievance Edition. If there is anything you do not like or something you want changed, let us know about 'h at g t m bootrnc\riItegdecks tI all tilt i'a-riodtirr1i ((,tci 11 -cI 1K palace e Men and women in all walkof lite st ide up the gangplank a! Breicrhaven and Cnerbourg with visitors of h tpe before them. However. during the six klays of the v'yage ac loss the ocean .thing s go w ong and the sea-going vess-l becoies an inferno of hate aid patssiwn. Life begis an(l li ''tnds during these six days in the huge palace of the seas. Thecast incluiues George Brent. Zita Johann. Alice White. Frank Mio rg an. and other>. .Jh ri arrymiort' plivs the roleJ COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING Exective ('uunvil Dale. .1,71 Perez Pillsbury.93 Shackletord.134 Honor Court UInexpirwd Term) Harris .......It; Rizk .N.%.170 (New Term) -Caraballo ....184 N.s.F.A. DEBATE TEAM TO Lynn. .102 TOUR ENGILAND IN MIAY I -erystwyth, Nottingham, Sheffield,. NEW YORK--Under the ausLeeds, Mancnester, Durham, pices of the National Student 'Armstrong, and Reading. The Federation, a two-man debate debaters will receive hospitality tain the hiigi juaility of the Seminole. Wilit in the Gripe and Grievance Edition of of a s<-hool master in his latest team will sail the last of April for from the colleges and remain over' Wlthe ost rilm Topaz' it leaves his a five week's tour of the English weekentls in private homes. schti.l pot to take a jib as concolleges and universities. individual campaign of any candidate, has I ulting hernist tif a chemical The meri;bers of the team are POSSIBILITIES OF WORLD I the qualities that make for a good To Professor H1. P. Constans and A. A. works cirpany whth puts out a Frederic 5. Anderson, a graduate ECONOMIC CONFERENCE Business NTanager oT the Alligator. R. L. Hopkins go our best compliments for turnmineral water of his own formula of the University of Kansas, who DISUSSED BY LAIDLER named after him--"Sparkling Toreceived his law ,degree in 1932 "Reggie" Wilans has made a fine record ing out our often victorious, seldom d'paze.' Myrna Loy plays the femirom the University of Oklahoma, NEW YORK -'Between now which he will continue to uphold as Busiheated debate team. ine lead in the Barrvmore atand Will C. Morris, who witl reard June groups should be meets ag of thle Rminole. En Sch. traction. Others in the cast inceive his degree from the Texas ing in every college and univer-' ness, Mbanager o leSmio rtxilie Schiroo cide Lowden Adams, Jobyna University Law School in August. sity and in every city of this mer has reached fhe peak of an uphill Debaters Meyer Stoun and Tillman Howlant. Lois Alberni and Jackie The questions they will debate country for the purpose of decidcareer on this campl us. As President of Pearson are in Cincinnati competing for Searl. deal with capitalism, the indepening what America's contribution. tile .~ '2ence ofIdaiomnism in 'to the World Economic Conference hie Athletic Council he is well placed. All an oratorical championship. Good luck to c of India, commi .I E I heler and \\ oilsey. in khaki Russia and prohibition. should be, sabti Dr. Harry W. of these mlell, holders of the major Stuthem: 's.horts. pitch helmets. and plaid The trip is part of the annual Laidler. in a recent radio address dent body officers. should realize the renick>, wrap a whacking blow Of debate program of the National over the Columbia network under sponsibility that is placed upon them and The printing establishment arotmod town satire t jingle pictures in their Student Federation, which every the -V to new com:' .v sensaah, "So Thes Fall invites foreign teams to tour ent Federation. r to maintain any heights that the stualso came out the winners ill the 'past is Afri The two nit-wits of this country under its auspices. -dent governments of the past have gained. election. the talkig sreen reveal more Among the English universities Creighton University has a There is one other point of importance. "eut th n rets of the great Afinviting the United States to send fluurishing class for the training Te atf o i o o c rican jungles than the natives of a team' are Oxford, Cambridge, ;of radio announcers and speakTLie platforms of tile two Political parties Taking ytur daily suithe AirWt te continent know thernaledurd, King's, Birmingham, Abers. -reightoman. Repoters---Son'1y Boy"' Jones. j. M. Green, Robert. h llgtr gttigfr oe pie, 951311<611lo 5 1%t. i Hoag. Billy Gaither. Phil Alexander. Ed ShermanA the Alligator agitating for lower prices .____ Arthur Burpee, Phil Graham, Pike Holstein, Everett of taking pictures for the Seminole. We Il l. ..21 212 13211412 l i4 1 5 14 SOCET DPA.MNTsuggested making some arrangements for "fif ~l-lne Manae 0 634i photographsPtkTMENTH. L. Ma is .9 3277 149124fil 189 S3 41 27; 197 Dr Editor_. Paul Best thesephotographs to be taken on the cam, I ONLY HFARDR. WilMats.22 27191211 2 92 41 2 16 41) Reporter--homy Gaither, MPiGraham,Cleve Hedrick,pus by student photographers. Whether.-."F" Book-Editor Dr Laverne Thomas, Beryl Mord s. -139 104 1tI7 128 24 24 K 8pe EXCHANGE DEPARTMENT that plan is feasible need not come up for The two Betas who gave Tally Kappa still seems to have Dorris4 Bill Lantaf. .219 29 126 91 172 58 36 22 73 Editor. ..Mercer Brown debate. The facts are that the student a break during the Iirst part Davis standing on his head. Must i9 F ook-Business Manageintlr A sistant Paclardt.rdner.13 2W 3 1;o 9 1 1 87 42 2 1 34 E DEPARTMET .Gardner body is weary of paying such a high of the week held the dining room b hard on thepocket-boM toPal.4 EditorARay Daumer amount for having Seminole pictures taken spellbound with their loud laugha e to keep pace. Pul-lease catch;Dowmg Latherwood 224 2t7 131 93 10 1 1' 1'c COPY DEPSRTMENT paawant these prices reduced. Also, we ter and dining room capers. Their htm somebody ared stand him up sam Davis .233 234 113 S9 121 95 29 26 940 Assistants .Charles Kelley, Dowling Leathewoodi are against making several special trips were escorted by an octette Of Pi quick. Wonder what Charlie Ernie Schirmer .212 244 1(0 112 164 90 Z5 24 1422 os Copy Readers-Howard Lane. E. B. Warren. Boze into town to have pictures taken, and elPhi's. What Price popularity, OUT would think if he knew Athletic Council-ViCe-Presk liitn Kitchen, Bruce Taylor, Simon Lipton. Fidgen and mate' 7bbout certain little escapades car-i 216 235 156 98 98 118 25 24 970 PR r DEPARTMENT Will somiiont please t-Il Hessi ted on by "true love." Lina Mae John p.joes. .234 240 106 99 184 48 35 22 984 ab Editor Jh oe Pinikoson who writes Only At ter light flash? oldaicin partAhrl Proofreaders Cassel, Johnston. Gardner If we take steps along the line of reduc"wAthleticIaounciW--.-.Seretar-Traswr Hearu. which renians me,. 1 ing and you can imagine the rest. B h, Drayton 'ernhard. 217 239 114) 13 164 83 38 26 980 P ng these prices and trying to ET better ar her little sister Margaret, Look ou t "freshie" the 'eye still dren. .27 227 131 90 116 95 24) 17 94 me M gareL L ot "fehi-th ey t El d. Crews .27 2-4 1tha service from the local photographer, we popular Gainesville iemmie. was. atches." Apologies! Didn't mean Atheic Councilll-Mernbers2th will then and only then be sure that the up the other day. I think she t steal your stuff. Walace Brown ..217 245 128 140) 170 100 37 25 1422 tor must rate, the wa g irls lun i)uit Paging Paul Best. His private Jack Henderson -236 24) 115 142 132 89 32 22 968 present prices are as low as they can be of Their room doors begging her ite seems to be of interest only Charles Lavin .214 200 119 91 89 63 19 18 33 ns and that students are being treated fairly. I6' come in. to an ex-ove. Shall we send, Edde Moore. ..212 28 163 96 168 101. 31 25 1 4 u A word of aivice tothe K. D's. the flowers now or later? Lyceum ('4ouncil-Preident HELP THE UNIVERSITY I please! put Bibs Gregry wise to J. J. Parrish, one of the wliteRih2rd Gardner. 22G 243 146 107 173 93 39 26 10 3 IT'S ALL OVERIEthe fact that going to the tea shoed Sigma Nus felt that his Myer Stoun.a.r. .22 233 117 91 lo9 92 21 19 904 cipi room prepared for bed just isn't live dollar fine ws worth the A l-MmberS CONGRATULATIONS to the new student THE individual members of the students 'being done. price of a week-erJ with Martha 2 ante body officers O the Tuesday after -body can perform real service to this From all we gather. Gigolo HinPlackwell, ADPi. h b anlon e5 202 106 201 103 41 25 11790 gel the first Monday iMay they take overison had better hang on to A.kins, We feel sure that his presenceSn2523 105 12 148 79 29 25 923 sOr ihnns oda a hy aeoe stitution during the spring holidays in ,preLeinse. 2ce30 hes liable to be caught without in Gainesville would have been 218 226 133 102 129 97 24 21 952 Ch the duties of our student government with I this way: go to the members of the Florida a frail; even blond doesn't seem more appreciated. He didn't Leon Robbioard f Plitio2 su the earnest purpose of upholding the trust state legislature in your county, tell them to be very interested any more, think so much of Harriet Isley's Charles Andrews ..225 222 133 141 115 84 31 23 936 pIe that te student bod interested in having the University Did the SAEs burst into print? Hobba gobba" language acquir-Len.lankner. ..2086154 0 1432908,7 that he sen y has placed in them. 1yon are ineetdi.hvn h TJuit ask themrn rt! they will tell ed from the' Monticello hotch in lnnr. 2o4 24.13 6 34 64 3 2 98.ch That each successful candiadte is anxious. of Florida receive fair treatment at this you how! Sho' is a pity iore gals Peggy Marchmand, K. D. feels .2 2812 13 20 17 42 21748 Milton Marco. .182 181 7 83 9)1108 12 14 74 to show the student body that he is well session of. the legislature; let them know can't acquire that cute little lisp as how she wouid like to be tle ackson Mizell 215 22 148 111 104 7) 25 15 91. cia (Iualified and interested in being a good that too drastic a reduction of the approrgaret Stokes presses to aer of No Stevennd Newburn 222 52 12 95 160 121 39 28 042e bav. Dniteat the subject so lightly,! the officer is reflected in the diligent campriation to this school will greatly impair "Fairy Queen' Fowler, Sigma P1 g, he'll do right by ya c'OMMERCE and .JoURNALI8M1 COLLEGE OF AGRICULTURE sio paign which each and every candidate it's standing. In all seriousness let these, -executive Council Exectve oucneM the waged during the past two weeks. representatives of the people know th at -lves. One of the most comical Bergman.221 Ftch.-.-. ary The race was gratifying ill a number of we, the members of this student body fel REEL ees in the picture is thescene Fred F.l.2Tpseu3ker. 3 ways, 11t Il llilC ac d that it is to the best good of this t h:E E D O P E in whih IW oosley is disg shed asi Ned Hinsin ........18 Tucker'. ......3 First. every nominee was faced state h t a woman in orier to avoid a tribe Carro Lancaster.226 Honor CourtT with comnetition. This has not been the the University of Florida be allowed 10 of 100 Amazon women who are Bob Makemson. 198 nxpireTerm)A CH" Me OV* fourxears. Ili 1932 a large thrive a~nd that it plays a big part in in-: By Al.Chiaramonte hent upon making one of the two Rollo Stoval ._.273 to case~~~~~~~ __ ru.yas n132alretrie.n a i ly g at m n ----__m__ iinians marry unto of the memBruce Tayvir. ....:4lDUkes .....4ten majority of candidates faced no opposition training the prestige of the state of Florida Bert .Wh.ler adHobert Woolrs(f the tribe. HenyArmet George Weeks2.24 Gooding ......Dr. in th eduatioal wrld ~1.il e tctwo nit-',its of the alwhatever and nomination was literally tanin the educational world as compared with seywta Tony to youi plays a srnal Honor Court COLLEG. OF ARCHITFTUR ite other states o our nyinsce areik again in the pat in the jungl farce. (Inexpired Term) ectie Council tamhlis election. Another redeeming -iareen are a' angle ifeNioheorman Parks .228 Jackson ....3 feature of the cam paign w 'as the comThese members of the legislature will entitled, "So This is Africa!" The Zane Grey's "The Mysterious Jack Pters ....244 Wton. plete absence of mudslinging and political undoubtedly welcome what you h'ave to picture, playing at the Florida Rider" ends the wek's program (New Tert) Honor Court f th. df .b Theatre Thursday and Friday (f at the Florida this week. The picCharles Cox .2581 skullduggery of any kind. Both parties!say. One o their most dicult proulenms this week, heads the bill of enture is a tale of 7ne Southwest anId Jay Schwartz ...214 ( Uexpired Terni) lrdued a fair, open, yet spirited and find out justwhat is the sentiment tertainnient for the week is luilt around the authorization ARTS and SCIENCE IMcCanAlless ....25 energetic of the state towards the various issues that Tomorrow (leorg Brent. star b thExecutiveCunil Young ...35 ci'Live onr.an.lBera. apo ofc.Thr %as ~~tices ji~eit ofthe. UnitediEeui' oiti i is to olT f Lo -"o""r. an!. Betiay, ap -states r t.ie building of the Bellamy ......234 greater interest ill campus politics on this come before the legislature. Therefore pears with Zita ohann in the film Bottlder )a. The picture brings Griltn .27 COLLEGE OF EDUCATION campus than ever before in the history of you will be helping your legislators and -'tixur Liner.' Tuesday and ,ut thvttempts of land grabberF Harris ......2.i Excutive Coned 1he school. Almost every voter cast a your school by presenting the students' Wednesda .ohri Barry'nore wh'o to gain control of land belonging Jackson. .194 Hart. ...10a. d 'I last week pa ed in "Rasputing t) a in m the section The McMulen .1, M Cmp -..-.-.-. -y thoughtful, carefully considered ballot. viewpoint toward the UnMversity to t ast epThee Lprnel nappearsping to i'min s n aesecton. The Mouren. .....216 Mecbananm. .16' 1nd TeEpes' per nthe int~tds (Clarence Wilson Moore ..23 clnhri.1' Very few let chance guide their hand in men whose actions will so vitally affect us screen attnmacin entl "To;Is Welch, E. alert and us Stricker. .202 Warren. ...16 marking the naies of the men whom theyI in the approaching .session of the egislaZ c'.TherFtid le e ivW 1i .e. ........Honor Court IGrey's.'Te NMyst eieous Rde-Honor Court('n~)rdTr) wanted ill office. Good sportsmanship tureIr.Ow atuda expire Term> (Unexpred Term) w.s the essence throughout the entire FPeel20brdlsh.i. ars. 9 i:Florida Man Peel. .49Wls. campaign. T It e defeated candidatesI The time for pledging new men into TIS W"tEEKA ATA Stud s Smithv.22-whether thoroughly beaten or barely overBlue Key wil 0soon be here. Everybody FLORIDA PaperA tStuTentsTerm) (New Term) I Tmorrow-"LuxurV Liner," -Stallings .,. .2.223 Fox ......126 come are nursing no grievances about inon the campus would like to belong to this with ieorge 2rent N1and zIta Meet In Biriigham Wilais. .4 Crory. ..137 consistency at the polls or iln the counting organization because it is recognized as Johaon. .COLLEGE OF LAW of ba ots the highest honor to which a Florida man Tu. danv' a( ied nfI ',dayLkExecutive Council C,. H. Bolton. West Palm Bach. ai s Executive Councl A ecrisideration of the whole affair percarr aspire. However, before joining Blue John 1arrymnore In l"he Tov H aper .aArsor.Plate," aa s .Clerke ..19 paze. gv aer AmrPlt, Fa dwads.102. r'its of but one general conclusion: We are Key, one must have certain qualifications. Thursday andI Friday -the Southeastern Conference of Horrel. .10 wes. -.26 all glad it's over. I Only after careful deliberation on each Wheeler and woolsell i -So the student chapters of the vlartin .95 Honor Court, -Ti American Soiety of Mechanical' A few personal mentions are in order. man's record will anyone be taken into This is Africa" Egin wiet n Bii Honor Court (New Term) ChalesBene~t, te Ires~let-eectof he ad fvortis ply Sturay "Te B~teitelEngineers which met in Birming(New TrO Charles Beninett, the president-elect of thelmembership. Politics and favoritism plyRimder," fith Kent Taylor. ham the last three days of the Harrison. .bradley ...20 student body is thorough ly qualified to no part in the pledging of men into the past week. Bolton's paller won Jones ...24 ti r'irI1.---1)frst:and a rize f-Weekly Program Beganning April 3rd MwoNDAY "LuxuryLiner" W1fli George Wrent, Zita Johann, Alice White, Prank Morgan TUESDAY -& WEDNESDAY John BArrymore "Topoze" with Mymla Loy THURSDAY & FRIDAY Wheder & Woolsey In "So Th6Is s Africa" SA TU]RDAY-f Iza". Crey's "The Mysterious Aider" Kent Taylor, Los& Apzdre, Irving Pichel PACE TWG -9 *"*' 0 I Ir sidenlt .'25;273 147 114 194 204 119 84; 'eePresident .261 295 176 99 163 181 90 1040 -5ee rv-Treisurer Id that i h:1,1i a L ttee ('()mp >( -r .I -on. Ja ckson I. chair=A* T, 1-. Bates,, Lake CIty, rfect arranyiriients for US en in colabr.,Vion with C. Riley of h general Exto n division an VW K, Mite* retary of the shirt coure tittites at the university Six lectures chcf on swift tetrics. pe'llaaires anu e, and two oI iI eyes st arid tot11()at, kdenra oratorv work and X-ray, a nnt. An (llicial anno nt today said t is ex t prominent out-of-state E 's will tleli'.cr the -3ixrbMj ursea and thstt f eye, ea e ard throat wilh well koit irida doctors giving the Qtwl Among those invited to p4*. ate in th is (ounIseare, Dr yne Babco'k. professor of mi y, Temple University, Pbill phia; Dr. John Kolmer, .protu. of medicine at Temple; 'tevalier Jacksi4 professor ot gery and bronchosocopy, Te. a rd Dr. J ohn M. Wheda, tef eye specialist, Presbyte spital. New York City. )r. Tillman, universityy ph l n and director of studeg lth, wil be 'in direct charged Iinstructional stall'. All u* ns of the course will meet la Universe' ty (i Floi la infira. here is a marked tendency for erican colleges afid uiiiversit, get away from the honor uo. in examintiums. accordtgo. John R. Etfinger. dean oftt rary coll-ge i( fie U nive" Michigan Iiik .')inicle. Thi Week At The Lyric Wed. & Thur. "The Big Broadcast" with ng Crosby, Leila Hyan. Stuart Erwin, Donald Novis, Cab Calloway Fri. & Sat. Double Feature Fdw. G. Robinson In "Silver Dollar" Also Gedrge O'Brien in Smoke Lightniqg -- 

PAGE 3

rr"T IWTnPD7 itAT -, 1'P A F) ,10AA--C SOCIETY and PAUL A. BEST, Editar Ila Siga I"kis Iniiatiofi tyOne New Men Here Enter Chapter d Terry, graduated from High School, and taking work in the UniversAy was president of Pifi Eta SigIst Tuesday night at their meeting. which was held in y Hall. George Walsh, of was elect td vice-president recent initiates. Jack Kline o was elected secretaryr, and Philip -Selber, of ville was electedhistorian. Leat-herwood, retiring t, called the meeting to and presided for the elecof the president. Rowland then took charge of the and presided the remaindthe meeting. R. C. Beaty, faculty adof Phi Eta Sigma, gave an I talk and led an informal si~n on the future, plans of group. Fir-st. he told the new rs that they would be imt actors in making FreshWeek a success next year asked that each member critithe program of Freshman last season, and submit sugon improving the next He explained that the memshould carry on a program would Wicourage scholarHe explained that the hiswould have access to much material besides that which occur this coming term to a report to the "Forum," a publication. order to acquaint the mernwith each other, the presiappointed a committee. conbof Jo-el Fleet, chairman; SBullard, arid Philip Selber, mke arrangnients for a soto be held in the near future. ative plans were nade to the affair on Friday March i the y. %. C. 'A. or other ient place. at 8 clock. At mcial, further plans and critiof Freshman Week will be itted, and a senior adviso" probably be elected. No deIplans have as yet been toriled. new mermibers of the Phi Eta maie: W,. I. Ander.son, C. W. N. H. Billari. A. S. BusWH. By is. .tel Flet't, R. F. dner, .i I. u a ie. sr. .P.Gordon, l Johtison, C. 3. attrson. D. L .v.~S li er H-I M. R. 'Teri ...W'alsh. id, a nd %I M Hointt. T. N. W. A. J. H. RothStern. F. B BROVIES SPEAKS Y. N. C.A. -CABIN ET-K'e rellgiti: at the tuture must Srehigitin th.Lt txnt5ttruth beauty, and tliat, is characterby goodnt-:,-;.' dt'clared Rev. ard J. Broy p-ator of the First Mtt.ast Church, ing to nieniners 1 if the Y. .A. cabirnmt .-t a idnner meetheld in tft''Y Annex last rniay e-ening. "Tite religion omorrow nor ust be something is intell tuialaly respectable, be convincing to the modmind" he emphasized, adding it wili jna inro Value unless eckons will all t hat modern Dee is revealing to us in its ratories. He asserted that religion of tttmorxow' -rust go rard boldly and brav'ly facing and Interr eting iLsee inl light of thtse Iact-" ssing ne point that reliof tomorrow niust also be -terized by goodness, Dr. statedrthat Jtsu d ras Mrost motlAern (of the' modern.s t he gave us an Art of LivIf religion tines inot produce highest etnii alliving, then it vOt 'alid,. i-nluded. A fUl half-hour o joieri forum ison of these itleas f ollowDr. Broylt's' 'idt' KuAN TO 1IPEAK ON 'tTH MO%,tEN"The Youth Mv--n.-iw in EuSwillbe the sub t of an h forurmi. 'be ti t'i be led Professor h i't.art i1)y kmfan. of College t Xnumim' o( and rnalism ma' ,. ui'xt Tuesday ng at 7> itliIk in PeaI auditorIunum. Pi ritessor DykI has studt-.I is movement Srst handI dn :his extensive on thiEur otan contibzs is the i t series of iS on :u s' ial probB being t. by the Unt~~~~ N1nt.O .. of w.hjt I -' s rr"-l Tid iii irran. A E' .'I erI i'S on 'Us probi,-m was losed last kThes,, tlsfui shave Sharacte it-ti h the utmost of exprr'svn and liberal 9. and 'r' Ipen t,) any0 the ata m '-lwh',i inter THE EYE W CLUBS MATTHEWS GETS :'s Publicity Job KIRBY SMITH'S PUBLICITY J 0 B ATCHESDIIRINC SIIMMFR: Quite a bit has been said relyn Lingle in Daytona Beach cently, about the author of this which is really the ignal for column, and in no friendly terms, wedding bells. Bobby will pro;)'The Eye" asks that those whof ably make it a doublaffairb i giving a ring to his gi l in North are mentlone1 accept the "gifl" Carolina-and then al four ol in the spirit In which it is given. them, will take the ocean voyag. And furthermorewe wish to We hear that the one and only apologize to those who feel as "Allah" Rogero is wo~rried---but N hwe don't know why-can you te.1 though they are worthy of men'us? Ike "Model T, Fisher at tion --and who have not brdkme last realizes that dail visits t) into 'print. This column is writPalm Terrace will nok raise bis ten for the enjoyment and pleasmilitary grades. Also hear that ure of each and every student E verett "Cowpuncher'O Clay adand therefore it is our desire to ded another COW to his list of victims. B# FAII1 LI OVIVZL-Intramural Publicity Direc-1 tor Will Work At Baptist Camp During Vacation. A ranking 11 university of Floirida journalism student, Robert S. Matthews, Jr., has just received the appointment as publicity director of tht' St othevii Baptist Ass IN "v 'ZJtci i-t N. C., this Formerly a new.1'sbiy in1 his hoea'town aina flow a 19 year old sophomiore, h v.1il b' tw L C young-, satisfy you. est. perstn to ever be assigned The first bit of news this week Still another questionwhat this Southwide denominational pertains to our "tea dance" ath-' did Janice Braman sep oin last t. fei-ulct letes--namely the polo team. -Sunday afternoon while strolling publicity post. He is publicity They played in Athens and at down the lane. According uiie(tor of the state and college THorace Smithy a six-footed aniBaptist. student unions, intramural Auburn last week -and they uma hobdireplace the wellI)ilicity manager, associate edireallyleft the name ''Florida''ItooftemsAligratordeatMnwreally ed known snake. Jan Garber woo r and 'md behind them. The first on thisI ber of the ieiflole staff, and list is none other than Francis earned litiir j-'aIn, iagator key laT.t year Frolics is a member of Delta Patrick Conroy who proceeded to .I. s a news, oiety alal ports reParckCnoywoSigma Phi fraternity.; The Al-tu tl fall for a girl at Auburn by the dents should be pleasantly stirrter. name of Theresa Hamby, regardpraised, and Jan will betywh -He is a 1931 iionor graduate of less of the fact that Rosemary he meets his bro rs here Thethe Robert E. Lee Ifigh Shool. Tally-Ho" Erskine followed Iaunton Va., were he gained "EfOliver-Hardee affair ras in full 'authern oualwstie prolice, from place to place via special 1 outlern journlaliti poinencce, swing last weekend, althougnthe Rcod, magazine and delivery letters. Pat states that Caroline seemed to rriss "Angelshe is the sweetest girl he ever man" Montayne BME annual, which publication has remet--and that is why he had ah ntaye Bs droped-gularl won distinction at the date with her at seven a. m. the forms ut hat he has dropped Southein Interscholastic Press iReba Dunwoody-but the truth outerny ly at Wsmorning thydpatd'Scn-Conte'ree he;.J y'earyat ahthey departed. Secondthat she is very muh in loveanLee Universit, Lexly, we have Jerry Litherland who Jington and statedthetri of byettn i vith Jim Messap-so|Bo got the ington, 'Va. started the trip off by getting k" "air," The most absurd affair his usual conditon at the Lambda on record is the Ted Mack ani Dr. R. F. Staples. manager of' Chi Alpha dance in Athens. At India K u d e r one-she's old the Suthexn Baptist Assembly, Auburn he fell for the girl inato Ridgecrest N. C. announced his enough fin ways at least i to be d "the little green hat"-and all le his mother. appointment this past week and3 talked about all the way home Js ouper. directed him to report on June 13. was how sweet-and how intelJust a couple of gigilo's--johnMatthews has bn active in lectual she was. Myrtle Carlny "Tail-light"t Mercer and Billy Southern haik son's specials didn't seem to uPiano"tVanBrunt.eDanarSum-Snthin Baptit stent work stop him any. Third comes Marmit called Billy Wednesday nigth and in the newspaper field (uring cus Milan who couldn't find a from Tallahassee and asked he the plast ix yiat lie pas er high class girl that ,woud py and Johnny t take -she and her ar lar toontributor' the pat. -wuld pay osn oLmarosdnc.Tr year to th' Stae Batist %Ntitness. any attention to him so fell for cousin to Lombardo's dance. They Jacksonvilie. weekly magazine, the clerk at the Hotel Georgian came through here and picked The Baptist Stulnt, monthly desk.' Fourth and least of all them up Saturday. Johnny Watts The zn pt ubIsh'l at Nash vi comes Mister J. J. "C'utie" Parand Hugh Embry seemed more n a d l t! I pleased with their presence infllt. rish who proeeded to write lctin three girls before leaving here Tally last Sunday than anyone so that he would be "the man of I else-wonder why? We also the hour" when he reached Tally.1wonder if Gardner Gillette wmoid Ba He was that alright -as the let pay as much attention to Miy Beta Gamma Sigma ters were COM .pared and found toVrii-upyifh-n.wt~' be wsame.t Asrgk -tChc e to Virginia Murphy if he knew th x' Hod Eetin be tesam edsk d fcud tShefshe was in love with Bob Tolle Holds Elections tall's girl Martha Blackwell, a John Hopkins mian. We've -'-Cr Caroline Oliver. If they wolt noticed a number of Tallahassa" The Alha (it Fliona Chap,r tell ask Eunice Moore. At Augirls passing into the back.of E-ta Gainia Signa, national burn "Cutie" fell for Louia I ground. For the following we suhonorary commercial frate'ruity I "Misn Olymics" Reobrts ou gest a change (if atnnospher'held a ineetig on Minday, Metr to Olympics Roberts tA Bud Greer, Sara Joinson, Billi 7, fir tiiho tu n of candidate took him for a ride without tellKee.FySme nItrefrm.hrhp h onig Ing him that she was thinking Keefer Fay Stlminer and thrce lti ni'eubt' ;Njt it fittlmirll of wedding bells with a Phi Det"fourths of the Pi Phi's. V:min -tudnt s We ext-dtd bls: .J. at Tech. Laftly we come ,!Stewart was having entirely t oo A. Balor, r (' hlle, Pii Paul f-I. Lance "Lord"tLazonhe m ho much competiitinT Sun i v I ir-t'in, a T. Patterson, it was couldn't be kept out of Tally and Myrtle didn't seen to be 'in anrn tuira0 v', s.I i-m'liNa. after he got a broken foot. Helen very. good tems. The Eye'' a:'e imuatx'n tcit-'limony aita Gray always did like heroes! )tended Lombado's dance in Jax. hanr,,t in wiiih all stut'dents in Several questions we would'last night so if you were badly the ltt it C 'tiinni-r niakIng )like to ask--wny were Harry you'd better watch out next week. th" hxinir roll for the first s'nmesGraham and Harold Butts a Be seeing' you. ter will be guests is planned ont whole day late getting back from -F i idai. Air il 11. Tallahassee? Where did Fred I PROMIN ENT BIBLE All te ltwprsfnt of iters were Herr (S. X. spend last Sunday LEAIWtR HERE TODA-. tt-t'ict to serve ftr anotherC night after driving recklessly inNae a G.T> 'irnt Bile ar. ih I I i lnt, .1 Snny Wagg's car? Why do certWe S.er tjnov:vit-i'-ltri'ndi-ult. lM. ). An-j tai gri a Taly wat htj tacerof Greensbro. N. C. will d'Son 8cc ri-I aytre,'jxxlrt'.P tamn girls at Tally want thgr talk to members of the B. Y. P. Scaglione. names kept out of the paper for u Epworth League, Christian the time being? We hear that Endeavor and Y. P. S. L. at the Hpnt~ls MORE'ABOT Fay Summer really got tired ofB -Chrle iper o sh set ~ j Baptist Church at 6:30 this eveCharley Pipler so she sent back ning. Smith is a young Presbythat cute little S. A. E. badge. terian minister and has had conOfficers Make After doing some tall talking siderable experience as a young ,,I,, d Dick Neville got "'that way" with people's leader. (Continued Fron Page One) Martine Robey again. CongratulaThe public is cordially invited to g tions Dickwe didn't mean anyhear him at the Baptist (Church enough to pay expenses of the thing bad about her two weeks tonight. dances. They may be secued at ago. Billy Spencer (S.N.) asked-. litt l y France Tak ttoDELTAD T-the Black Cat, College Inn or at little Frances Tack to come to DELTA TA DELTA !the Commons. A pril Frolics on his bid about four April Frolicson hiebidn'toiatfourlItrTlIATE NEW MENPlans looking forward -to the weeks ago-but she didn't care to so "kept him on the ire" until Delta Zeta chapter or Delta Tau important social Ifnction which her choice Charlie "Blackfoot" Delta, national social fraternity, will take 2lace on thi l weekend of Morgan asked her last week last week initiated seven new men the 2Sth and 29th of April are into the fraternity. The initiates progr'esing nicely under the manYou've been keeping something notefrtriy from us Charlie! 9 were: Bill Jackson, Steve Johnagelent it the committee compos.ston, Jese Warren. Fred Schuler, de of Jack Sample. chairman; gHinlGorandosplndaynightn'Charlton Melton, Whitie Forsyth, Calvert Pepper and Hiolmes Kirkgoing to Orlando Monday night and Bill Hiers. -land. The "April Friiolcs" are to ear Guy Lombardo-and to, A banquet was held in Tampa under the sponsorship of the Inaen hatolite tegirl. ne thth he1last night honoring the new uen. ter-Fraternity Conference whic happns t be he oe tht planned them as a suhttt' tor danced with after the music .lou-eparties whw-h w Il ni tt be stopped at Cab's dance-reached Sigma PhiEpsilon held tlu ear. down and kissed her before a This is the first time that a large audience, and then they Elects Off iCers rationally known orchestra has walked out the door hand in. ever' ben brought to) the Univerhand. John Ward Henderson was William D. Kemp, jacksonville, sity of Florida campus and it is in Tally again last weekend to was name president of Sigma expected that the full cooperation see his fiancee. Annabelle AnPhi Epsilon fraternity of the of both fraternity and non-fraterthony. They want to get married University of Florida for the nity men will be given to make now--but the two families are 1933-34 term of school at a meetthis an outstandingly successful trying to postpone it until schooling of the chapter recently. social event of 1933. is out. Speaking of wedding Other officers elected wr. ---bells we might mention that Jimmy Hughes. Dayftona Beach, Jane Graham and John Wigginvice-president: Jud BarXer, Wild-C ton are going to hear them real wood, secretary; Charles Cox. Barbe So soon. Probably a June wedding. West Palm Beach; historian; ocr 1g Frenchy Yarbrough-'the shine .Spec" K sey, Fort Pierce, and Invites Your from Alabama," Johnny Bryson, Harold Butts. Fort Lauderdale. Patronage and Billy Thornton proceded to marshals; and Jimmy Love, DelFive Barbers illuminate themselves again last NBeach. guard. weekend, starting the weekend -_ off with a date with Martha Mean-and ending it up byI Bryson's engagement to Martha COLLEGE PARK INN Whidden Sunday. One of these days there will be a real marCirculating Library riage-and then what will these "collegians" do. Remember it Sodas Sandwiches Short Orders was only last week that Frenchy was almost a married manm Wanted-one sloop, yacht, Combination Breakfasts cruiser or what have you for 15c and 20c Lindsey Fitch and Bobby BondThey intend to buy a boat and Regular 25c Plate Lunch-Daily set sail for -China. Lindsey quitR school Wednesday to meet CaroCOMPLETE Collecting of Specimens Occupied Lifetime of Famous General. "The General Kirby -Smith bei"arum, recent presented to -the University o' Florida, is gen. -' erally conceeded to be the most -tucomplete collection of botanical specimens in the Unitt-d States," Dr. Christensen. Prolessior of Pharmacosgony, said recently m .P-caking of the collection. General Kirby-Smith spent a -lifetime in collecting the specimens, Dr. Christensen pointed oit. and on one occasion paid one hun--dred dollars for a rare fern out of ia monthly salary that only slightAth HERE'S MORE ABOl * Students' Party Continued from Page (One h let i ~ Council, det itating E I Crews, Gainesville, 9SO to 913. Wallace Brown, St. l'ttt-nnmbur g and Eddie Moot, ( 'harwattr, o membership on the Athletic -Council, defeating Jat k ':ri'sin, Miani. and Chucki Lavin, hami' ville. Results of the Ex'cutive CoUncil races, by colleges. It i llws. Arts and Sciences Elune Griffin, Moore, Miami, hassee. Winter H-laven: Julian Lake 'ity: Archie Hair5,. and Ed Bellamy, TallaDefeated candy idates T. lv exceeded this sum. Born in St. Augustine in 1824. Gen. KirbySmith showed his interest in flow'rs even as a hoy and continued that interest through four years of West Point, to which TIRl was appointed in 1841. After his graduation from West Pomit Gneral1'i .hy-Siith visit td Europe on furli tugh and colelte a number i( )I'pecimens there. ti tg g to the United State.iS. a varied carter tol iwet dS-'rvi-t' i 11hi' Mltxiwan War, instrutIohip iiiat hieia tics at West Point, and ''veral-ears of service on thi' \% ost*,rn frontivis. 'Ilrou", bo botany, along with hunting wo -' the cotist ant rt'cretion t r h then young arm iv <ia't aib. In 1855, aTffer several serve a L. Jacks tn, (ai'xi l t: Bil governmefit Ibotanist on ithi' MoxiStrickler. Mi;irml : Twt'eii M M l -I.lanfrontier, p-id wih l 1 len, Cawat.rI. anul Nat Weil, Jack sonvillk. ttimuIi'o i-c and J Imuiria IisI Bruic Taylor, \AW'5t Ialin 1an. 'arrA ll Larwcii t f-rv Pi in i ( orcla; tol o1) St4tv11ll, 'NI;j mIi .atld Froil 11lose. ( wtJ .on1t t ov't. I )iteated tc'bur', I) M-ma; -rtSt. P terNfr!r U n-Ma ; '1, +. P Ilu Pwaoh:. N kd I I L.QuI. F,'atiomi Cain'-iv -. i ndl JI'.lian \tiarnien. I:--i(nnrhiiIta v (Sort ,Oat tit' h -i tiiuhius tiriwa nuee ;tcd -his findig wt're publistled by tiii, S aith sionlan Institute. I Throughout te ( 'uil vIW;r' I; v-rich he was a Cont '-iat' I( iitrat. the istingiished biotartisi "nnvan Stallings. Tampia, dt't'ing Vinent It'PtT. Mtliirw liil Jack Williams, Ilawth'ione. (".1111. and Journ:0m r Jack Peters, Sanfttrd, and Charth. Cox. Winter Haven, deftatng ham, P.n oln di :tm thr 'l H-i monn Par-ks. Ft. Landerdal Hart, lav aind Irg pand. Jay Schwartz. St. Pt ersburg bell ,West PalPm Beach. Education Charl'1s L D1ur Engineering James Staclrance, Orlando, and Seaborn Mt torn' are -'ille' ad Harrv Dab' Crory. West Palm Beach, dcfeatKissimrnie, defeating !.N. i., ing Frank Wells, Plant City, an'_o: P -Fimortrdr, L-' 1'Fox, Gaiar.ville. Pei 4. n.pa, aA d .\. i. 11.2Engineering Kalt-1 ftizk bv. JaK -a nvile Ja-ksonville, and .1uhlian ('aT 'aaLak "Ciz" 1V Iwo'Ids .ohat >, Tai pa. ]ftating Arthur Haitaho(lchee, and1 .1.L. H .i K ri-, Sulphur Springs adn, Woodrut'n e, i Olit j m'r tit1w Lynn. rTampa. Davis. Miami. andf I.]l Mar tin, Law -Baya M. Harrison. TarnMiami. pa, defeating Jack Werthieirii', Agr-i ultuir -Jhn KeNa, HawPalm Beach. thorne. dltfating 1 t ii Tiac ker, Pharmacy G. R. Jones, Ar chSafe#y Har bior, and Mabry Futch, er, defeating Roy Bradlny, PalAlachua. metto. l'har macv -Dalton Owens Agri( ultuire Igh ii oks, (ainesville, def-tuiig .N. Dukes, defeating Bill Goodi n Clarke. ( Onl ('ve Spi ings. WestPlmtBeweach. Anrchitektmi e H ill J1ai hi son, Architecture Douig Yo iinE Miamni, defiating F. I. Waltin, Jacksonville, defeating .ack M Daytona. ('andless, St. Petersburg. In the above group, all winners Of the above winners, Cox. Mcw 'u e "Stuidlents parIty except Crory, Rizk, ('arrahalli and Fihpse, College of Coinrnere, and Young were the onlv 'Students Horrell. College of Law. Two inparty victors. dependent candidates were PillsInstallation of the nowly elected bury and Futch. officers will be an event of early The honor court offices went to May on the University of Florida the following: campus. The present student Arts and Sclences ---orace body president is Bill 1Herin, Mi,mithy, Washington, D. C., and ami. JointMeeting Christian Endeavor-Epworth League B. Y. P. U. and Y. P. S. L. To Hear WADE C. SMITH Preacher,. Author, Cartoonist .\ Iti tt v ill ,I,, l~ hn~-ar Nashvilmaii the SewannI'e Unversiy if the South, in addition to il r edit-ational p stf Alter 1 is l-ath in is93 his first cusi n, Sanders c SmiiitI; a retired~ ht ia ii ist and nvturalist of the StruthiIsfonian Institute. spent Iwo vvia rs n lteking over and re Iast he hugt ('olctiofn. Skit Artists Give Program At Ocala A t rp ou 4appioximately 30 skil ;Itist ;prt'!4-'nted a program in the High Sth-l4t Auditoiurm in OcJata last Fridv night at 8 o '(,Itk iiunder the auspices i 1f the Plavynakt'rs. thk' LittlI 'r itatre Florida Profso~ Gets Spanis D I t TO -I i k )ttStpli11' iiY Spapish trout U I ii'-rit ~f \isti-ni. Sonie Inst itutions tit d n td reqiure ii' I *1d1 t e t ilt oii\' t tor) at \%hicha git t.* t, erri-d and ID .Hauiptini un 1.1 ;iot take ave if hi; tt'achin_ ,htivs here to retci'ne the higti tst degree waici t a l in i DI .alluniuiign iadiuated fitom Ith *n) T cr5' t l'loraI a with a S S tgre ii 12 and vrecevd Oliver I!. auptmnann instruetor in Gerix:tn and SpanI.5n at the n'niver sitY of F lorida nas ust been aLwarmiq-t the degree of his niaster's degree ryi NmWS Osim in 12. Site that time, lIi gely at -umnmuir Session., he has devoted his ettoi ts in the dirorganiz-tion in t-ala. Jaigingct-tion of the Ph. 1) .and infortnatrom the appla use aind reactioniftion has just cmine that the deof tht' audience, the 1presentatioln green is of!itually conterred. can be deemed a-s n'ceess. Most (If Dr. lauptrniaiin is a membet of the skits presented were t hOse -Theta Kappa Nu fraternity. which wete so popilauly received at the Annual Skit Night at the t iversily on Novei her ..Florida Debaters tn ogram i 'oted i 17To .s billowG. oW o Tourpey '' i iuiid t' rulaw EarIii Iat Nit k k ':in ''M i--:l Iii Iv Iiuuiii\-rigtin ;tni 'ii m 'i I Zt'tt'h it It I l .tii i z t. -u -i I i 'fir-. brm .1r, r anI I b yinniig -t Ittk y "I %\t I ii,< Sut Saltz wNA I ;r In Iter ''lh Al-Ii~T uns.'' M sio 1vs. u i \\aftl n i Hu h [-:Iithr. "Pmino Duf .' Ily B) 11r nt %VyniiiT wgy a d By yi my, i :nit n: \Wail-trg, arid Br van. "\i 'n''t' -M er. .H K. (;Ia r -M 4 "" 1 .te \ : a -' .i i'nII' t Stur-.i It' R a I S ot IIcint's r -n esi 2. a lii t~lt iv alix lhi l i si An Lx if Bi 'sumgtor nnusiont, the Cni'er -' ty Ni rtl Cart ina. Atori II a a recently t Itl petI ttIn. i.' wdlniuadnmssit i>no i'e g ltiids that t'he i; a: itn o -Tar Heel. i,litit.a w il i r'tpresented At the Situthern xi'I'bate tt ,urnanntt tt, be lud nxt wt'-k at Berea (i'tllt'gi, K'. ntritkyv. 'Tlti' men Who will debate itti -ltr i'a aw Myron Stoun, l'illian lt'atstill and Bill IDillinghami. The ttiunament will i. a runi3-roi affair' laAing thirtnuday guxiin,Aptil 6 and Am 1, Irl I Pla"1 aly :111 sictnI and oleg's in the S0uth -i sh teri itbating autivities will ht.raenttt :it the tturon.ruei. li'h tttuirtliluint will take pla at tih time of meeting of th' Stuthern Associiation of Speech Teatch-rs at Teref and wit'ibei'rs it the taculty in the 1i iiit !i i i spe.e tlu de-" I r trnt'nt wkIII 'accmpr n 'vany the team and h nIt Itenrdari e at the liit'itiii it I Taoh ni a ru II --andc i ust 'oml inutt)Y'' VO! il ~ve hnO-aahhlt,1 It i(mtyear jatI fan" kIII :1"d NIti01l" Colle V I it I t'ilim tn t-Them. It Is 1 utigt ill 1t a up-us ot i( 5 s that. Iiai ttul tak':i w!I n1 iiisethe ( I<14r Te nxT y'r'I t the real izaon ItI a at I'm li U-ttis. Student ''Wekly. '[ne rt'LtVI st ulent t eoeticLo. at ST Lawn -:tt I nivtI-rsity were invalit ated because. altntigo only 4ij5 halIots wt' re handed out. 4,S ott-s were cast. Hill News. EARL'S "Where Friends Meet Friends" Sodas -:Sandwiches :Short Orders Try Our Special 25c Plates Smart is the Word! @4) -The KNOX -No. 628 Calf anti buckskin sport toxforrd. Plain toe. Leather heels. CombiOth.r snapjA patterns. -recreation wear, or No %hoeu i-4; quarter tltal, Ole Comte ini today. 'Try it oil hi (x -a calf and io '. -kill in your iize. Other attractIvl true s jort shoe made wii p patterns. Don't take change tIe uoial Friendly Five care on mis-&t sport shoes -a of detail'. Plain toe, and foot troubles. Instead, 'omf dignitit-i line make this an in and let us give you idral hoor fur husinr-'o or perfect fit in SOME /N WIDtHS ZES 3TO 1 'ALL S O The L.& L. Men's Sho p APR1'2T1933T at First Baptist Church Gainesville Sunday, April 2 '-'I DRUG STORE .1 ..university Ave. Phone 432 I S ( )1 A S ]O-oz. Ice ( r'an 'soIai%-An Flavor M alted M k% l ,ul plt'i .........I iw Ii'A.v .-r. .Milk Shake-Ally Fla or. ...... N U N 1> A L s Pineapple ..... Hanana Nut Parfalt ....TIJ. JExtra Special) Banana Splits-154c--Two for ... ".kA N I)N I (IIE S BIki1 H m and Tomat ....1 (With Potato Sal1d H -o n. ...-.-.---.......-..-. .....1 (With Potato 1ilad) in ( m (M R0 -lauin ......... I Tiiau'ed--1Oc) Bt'nn.-tt s ("ill IlateChoice of ;%Vat -arbecue Baker Ham Ice Tea or Coffee ..20 Hot Dog%-A h Potato Salad .-c RUSSELL M3PHAIL'S MARVELOUS ICE CREAM POPUL %t FLAVORS IN PINT PACKAGES.19e FRIENDLY FIvE SHOES A fit fogr your fo~ot omm r FA T TTMM I : 1 t t M. 6:30 P. N 

PAGE 4

portant final engagements each time. Just a series of bad breaks. Sigma Alpha Epsilon's prolonged strangle hold on the swimming C amp-io -_p, Lluem, p _ _. rt.L. was loosened for the first instance Captain Bob Pittman Leads -last fall when Sigma Nu, le1 by Teammates To Double %IJ Satman and Dozier, kicked over Victory In Series. the "dope barrel" and smeared this record, to hang up their first By AL DELEGAL championship of the year. Phi Led by Captain Vob Pittman's BY BOB MAT EWS Delta crushed Sigma Phi Epsilon terrific home run smash into deep in the basketball semifinals last center field and two singles, the Athletic Fla UPS year' and talk about getting reUniversity of Florida varsity baseI Fraternity league od robin. The S .l,Es, in turn seniit ball team ran rampant yesterday Oiamond ball torney has beea the P. D.Ts through the loser's afternoon to submerge Norman coming along in fine style. Phl hurdles in the finals of this year's Park 12 to 3 and sweep the twoDelta Theta is winner in the tirst hectic tourney by an impressive game series which opened the bracket, Phi Kappa Tau, sigma count, 19 to 11. playing season here. Alpha Epsilon, and Pi Kappa Phi Kappa Alpha apl(ars to have The victory was sweet revenge are in a three way tie in the secSome kind of monopoly on fiat for the Saurians who had suffer-' onl group, while Sigma Chi and touch football titles on tt( mied a double drubbing from the' Sigma Nu are the only undefeat-. pus, crashing through to cop first Georgians during the house party ed teams in the third flight, and notch in this event tht pat 5sVperiod last spring, they will meet Monday. Sigma eral years as prett y as y'vi please. In the first game of the sert-'e, Alpha Epsilon and Sigma Nu are They were runners up for tit all Al Rogero battled with Ty Co bblfavorell to win their pairings. campus championlship this year. Drake on the-'mound and emerg-I Beorge Beck, department sports The Crews brothers. Ed, Bill, ed with a 1 to 0 victory after manager, has announced a three and Jimmy, of the Green Cove Inn matching the four-hit pitching of game round robin playoff beHouse, really specialize in basketthe Norman Park ace. Eddie tween the bracket victors to deball. Their team entry took the Moore was the only Gator to cross tide the title, which wnt to the I sails out of everything in sight in the plate and snatch the slim Pi Kappa Alphas in last year's the independent race last winter, victory for his teammates. meet. This competiti n will be, and they rolled all the way into After the smashing drive from heion April 10, 12, aN 13. the finals again this year, but the bat of Pittman which sent After the spring vaation the were cooped up tightly by the Moore scurrying across the plate datorland lodges will still have poweritil High Stepers quad, ahead of him, Bill Bradley doubled handball singles and doubles, which ran next to the campus into left field followed by Mizell'sitrack ar field meet, .nd water champions. S. P. E. in the all inbase on balls. A sizzing threebasketball on the anr ual slate; tramtiral playoffs. base bow by Treadgold allowed the dormitories have 'scheduled the runners to tally and the round robin diamond aI, water Gators were off to a four run lead basketball, track ari fi Id events; F in the first inning. with the independents to have Two more runs came in the secstruggles in water basktbal and Gn ond when Guluzian singled, iobin track, if enough entries are erts tripled, and Pittman brought turned in. him in with a single to center. Mural Brevitiei Another pair of runs came in the fifth when Pittman singled, MiThe Sportsmanship Grail, one I Nine University of Floioa r tlzelle walked, and Dooley scored of the first awars of its kind in dents, representing Uird's hardthem with a three-base blow, the nation, is being muh discus-wsrerewntg hanosiha The seventh inning proved dissed on and off the campus. Manware store, won top hnors in tli astrous for the Georgians. Bradley agers of the sports wl.ich have A. A. U. basketball tou iti.r-;t walked to open the frame, then alreadyy been completed are busyconducted by titAtlantic Seatwo men skied out, but the third tabulating their ratings on this board Association i ,St t .A iout was pievented when Catcher feature award of the ye r. Onlytinhe on March 6, 7, and t m Cordell dropped a third strike and the first three teams showing the The wSa o as tie tan Shirard was called safe at first. highest type of sportma like play was known, plyosed three tgrna Big Bill Feriazzi promptly in each of the department t events during the corse of the tourlaslammed the ball far into the ouare being given consid ration in meant andiwon hi three by larte field, scoring two runners ahead this matter. Scores. In their first gamef Jakih of him and tallying himself when Student managerial bard held the strong Setzers team of Ja t Hays erred at third base. Moore its regular meeting last thursday 59-i efthey' traln otao] tIm walked. Guluziar. singled to right night in the director s office, 59-1 after trailing 1-2at tin and Roberts -.,alked. At this: Coach Nash Higgins *residing, half. After drawing ;astok thiI period Pitcher Wray retired in nn' passed on a number d t of imn. Abysthe collegian tl il" favor of Moore, who forced Pittportant problems of intamurals.St. Au'-ustin Lyceii Saiit. i! man to lift to center field. Four Competition for the Nich4l's Fenccamp, 56-31, and ent cr(i tI1 runs crossed the plate' in this ining Trophy was thrown 6pen to finals. ning for Florida. every Florida student. It was defInt the Atfinalshlyeti ('d Norman Park scored their runs cided that all freshmen Would be featEd the Redlands AthltiChilb in the seventh inning after Mceligible to participate in the difof Homestead, Florida. The scoc CallCordell and Wray singled to ferent league tafk a;y field of this game was the same as that fill the bases. An error by Schirmeets to be held this Month. against the Saints. Thisx win ard allowed the first tally, then director HIggins will seak beearned them the title of "IndeOwens' sharp rap to center field fore the annual meeting of the pendent Champions of F iitt;, sent the final two scores across Southern Federation of I College Georgia, North Carolina avl the plate. l'udents here on April 28. HisiSouth Carolina." I i I 'The nine placrs wMot ti it it.I ttpic will be: "Place and FuncT io n ( of the Intramural Program this title are: Spurgein ( 'lit'IrY Georgia Beats Gators i"d its Relationship to StudentMn L( Ly Government." In the openilirsh, Jack Bckwit, 6-2 In Polo Opener ingtourney on Apri 26 and Hughes, Jimmy Love. itil L1_ 7, medals will be given the first.Butts and Coach Byron G i b er The Uni'er"ty of IP tour ranking entrants. Only indiTeUniverisiy ofFOrida poovidual scores will be allowed to team bowed in defeat to a hardciu t bn shilbr alowedito ,c(4lift in this form of conpetitiou.1 riding, hard-hitting bunch of players from the University of GeorSport Sparklings gia, 6 to 2, yesterday af ternoon, After hauling off the ftaternity in the first of a. two-game series. llUiiis doubles championslpp. JimBargains in The second contest is scheduled my Pless, Gainesville, ardl Buckg for 3 o'clock tomytxrow afternoon. Bellamy, Tallahassee, Sigma Chi Second Hand The score tied 2-all at the start liouse, took a rather quick shot Radios of the fifth period. the visitors 'at varsity doubles play and seem' $1.00 went on a rampage in the last two' t )be making good progress in per week chuckers, scoring four times. tlis direction. Miami Marcits Milan trinel in a' The curtailment of the athle-I stellar performance, accounting tic budget and a slint' yearling for both of the Florida goals, tack schedule makes it a wise while Williams, Downs and Wootmove under the circumstances to en each scored twice for the plrrmit every freshman to be eligibl in the department track and Fiver feld skirmishes this spring. Ihose students who have earned' ICnolograms, numerals or taken $1.9 part in varsity meets this yearly Life Savin Classes will be ineligible. Track s now a, major sport ani counts for 150 d Five Tube Superpoints; the winning of this event heterodne. A real A life saving instruction c cias.; has been or';amze& Iind the direction of Newton leur. and meets at the Universit 0ol every day except Saturday and Sunday. The purpttse of the class is to become acquaiPitt I with the ways and mitans of taking care of oneself andothers during ant emergency'in the water. The Universit y -fortunat e in* having a man like "Ncxyt" Perryt to handle this class. Perry has. had eight years of experience ia this kind of work aii is very capable of instructing others. At the present time Perry is at the head of' the lite saving corps at Silver Springs, Fla. The size of t t'cla-s will be increase to care for any one who wishes to cnt r. Any physical education student may, with permission, meet with the lite saving class rather than with his regular physical education section. Alter ten hours of training in the water, .-mennicis arc eligible to try for their linal tCL 'rose, passing this test will be rtceivr1 as members in the American Red Cross Life Saving C#rpAniong the things included in the test are four different carries. ability to break four kinds of holds, su' face diving f'tr a 12-l weight in 10 feet tt )t aer, artilii(al respiration, and several other requirenent s. The class neet, from 2 o'clock iintil I I-n i l of it-z:hedul ' i i ~Thuir. i .'aft, rt~'n~ 1' t .r n, 1 4 to 60 o ckk will just about enable any of the f -d Wearing frats to tuck away the perfom adicae prized Balfour Trophy for keeps In a compact case. in this year's spirited gallop. 0 Since the building of Graham Field south of the stadium, Mur-, phree Field has been used exclusively for department athle-; Terms-$4 Down ties. The New Dor'n C team hass cLimed all the way into the finals of the dormitory league basketball $1.00W tournament the past three years, only to lapse into a qtIandry and" lobe out by one marker each trip. Mniembers of the "old guard". of this utfit, B. Criswell, L. Hiatt. ad "Bill" White, present senior Furniture Co. manager, have been through this eversal of forni in these all im"'JACKSONVILLE'S LEADING HOTEL" -\ r THE SEMINOLE Chas. B. Griner, Manager Caters especially to the fathers and mothers, sons and daughters of the South. YOUR hotel-and THE hotel for your family.Absolutely Fireproof and Modern. 4 I 55 FROSH BASEBALL ASPIRANTS D EFAT ANSWER COACH CLEMMGNS' CALLBUDEFE26S BY JOHN MNARShALL GREEN Savanrih,( Gi.: A. L. .iddlt'. Plant RANGES 26J0 With fifty-five candidit''' neporting for the initial pri t i'e )t' the season. freshman ia 'a s t off to a flyng start whn (n' ;h Ben Clemons sont his bAr':Iii through a fast w'rkut I t\\nesday on Fleming Field. Probably in no itr so many mnn report' a t of the state. Several N j, freshmen aie ut lIr 'th while prat icall v t'v <',.it it in State was li tc~j furn the r1'(, 1'. -I Gators Take Two Games From Norman Park Team In Openers, Sh mnshin titlesg cuns. et. F PAGE FOUR a 
