
PAGE 1

Weather The High In The 80s Low In The680s Florida A lligator Showers Likely Inside Hume Area Protests SG Carnival Site See Page 3 THE SOUTHEAST'S LEADING COLLEGE DAILY Vol. 60, No. 108 University of Florida, Gainesville Wednesday, April 3, 1968 More Grief For Accent By TED JESSUP Alligator Correspondent More grief for Accent '68. The UF was to have been host to members of the Florida LegIslature and editors of Florida daily newspapers this weekend, but the plan fell through. The invitation will not be extended, said Frank Shepherd, Accent public relations director, because Tower B, where the guests were to have stayed, is not completed. According to Shepherd, the purpose of their visit was to provide them with a "first hand view" of the university.It would also give them a chance to see that "the vocal portion of the campus is not necessarily the majority as it would have us believe." In addition, the visit would provide an opportunity for alumni to renew their acquaintance with UF and introduce it to those who attended other schools. The project began about six months ago when Shepherd took his plan to Stephen C. O'Connell, UF president. President O'Connell approved the idea and suggested that the editors of Florida daily newspapers be included in the invitation. In Tallahassee, Shepherd spoke to several key members of the legislature about the idea. They also voiced their approval and expressed deep interest In the program. The guests were to have stayed in Tower B for the weekend of April 4, 5 and 6. Their agenda would have included several luncheons and dinners at various sororities and fraternities on campus, a "guided tour" of the campus by a personal student escort, free admission to the Accent activities, including a chance to have close personal contact with UF. Citing the failure to have Tower B completed on time as the only reason the invitation will not be extended, Shepherd expressed confidence that the plan will be in effect for next year's Accent program. He emphasized the exclusive handling of the plan by students and said, "While the university administration was very co-operative, this was to have been strictly a student program." ~~mom (Photo By Mike Iluddleston) UF Student Ernie McGill Paints A Sign At McCarthy Headquarters McCarthy Headquarters O-pe 's L cally To~tg~,.t The University Concerned 1107 N. Main St. tonight at 7 Democrats open their McCarthy p.m. for President headquarters at The organization of facultyand FROM DEAN COSBY -GOODRICH !Dorm Residents Deserve Apology' By KATIHE KEIM Alligator Staff Writer Student Body Vice President Gary Goodrich Monday called upon Dean of Women BettyCosby to apologize to the staff and residents of Graham Mall on grounds that Miss Cosby falsely questioned the competency of the Graham Area staff and Area Council. In a prepared statement Goodrich referred to a statement by Miss Cosby that "improper conduct" had arisen out of an open house held by a floor in Graham Hall and that the situation was one of "administrative mismanawement." Goodrich stated that he had checked with Lt. Vernon Holliman of the University Police, the resident assistant on duty that night, and the night desk personnel and had found no one aware of any questionable behavior. "'Ihese three officials are the oniy individuals who were present that evening. Dean Cosby was not present during the open house incident in question," Goodrich said. "In view of these facts, Dean Cosby's remarks seem mostimproperand uncalled for." Also Investigated, were the charges of "administrative mismanagement." Goodrich said that the residents had complied with rules and hours for open house set by the Graham Area Council with the approval of the Head Counselor and that Graham Area personnel had been advised that the floor in question had planned an open house. "These procedures (for open house) have been ineffectfor over three years, without comment or concern for a change from the Dean of Women's office," Goodrich said. Also noted was that Graham "has never required that an entire dorm request open house in order to schedule one." "The reason is that each floor in Graham is an individual unit with doors at both ends and that access to individual floors is through a staircase that does not lead one through each section," he said. "In short, a male guest is taken straight to the section he is visiting, without entering any other section that may not have open house." Goodrich concluded that "as absolutely no proof of improper (SEE 'HOUSING' PAGE 2) Student Leaders Agree: Dorm Living 'Reeks' GARY GOODRICH SG Veep, By JANIE GOULD Alligator Staff Writer Students are down on the dorms. And such incidents as the Open House in Graham Area and new rules requiring sophomores to live in dorms aren't helping any. "For mostpeople," said Men's Interhall Council (MIC)president Mike Moore, "the dorm $i just a place to rack. Rooms are impersonal and ugly, and there's no way to entertain guests." The social life and atmosphere of the dorms is the students' biggest "gripe," said Moorenot to mention deficient facilities. "It's a poor comparison with the lives of apartment dwellers," added Moore. "People who have to live in the dorms are penalized for it." Recognizing these and other problems, such as evening open house at Graham when Dean of Women Betty Cosby called campus police to "break it up" when a side door was found open, Student Governmlent President Clyde Taylor appointed a ninemember Housing Commission to recommend regulation changes. "We hope to help make the ($EE 'STUDENTS' PAGE 2) students hopes to elect, presidential delegates pledged topeace candidate Sen. Eugene McCarthy In Florida's May 28 primary election. Richard W. Clarke, a graduate student from Jacksonville and chairman of the group, claimed membership of more than 400 volunteers recruited in three days last week. In addition to Clarke, speakers will include UF professors and Sidney Knight, a member of the McCarthy convention slate and chairman of Alachua County Concerned Democrats. Refreshments will be provided. Clarke credited the "almost unbelievable growth" of the organization to recognition that McCarthy is more than just a peace candidate, pledged to de-escal ating the Vietnam War. ne organization, said Clarke, Includes seve ral students who are veterans of military service and therefore have nothing personal to gain from a peace candidate victory. The campaign headquarters' opening was scheduled In advance to take advantage of what McCarthy supporters hope will be a victory for their candidate in the Wisconsin primary on Tuesday. After its formal opening, the headquarters will be staffed daily from 11 a.m. until 8 p.m. Volunteers will be in the office to answer questions, distribute literature and enlist workers, Clarke said. The climax of the studentfaculty efforts will come later in the campaign when a massive voter canvass drive in Alachua and adjoining counties is mounted, Clarke said. p -- 

PAGE 2

I Students Down On Dorms BI ROM -PA E ONE Bui .le t'n N ews dorms comfortable and with a minimum of regulations," said Vice-President Gary Goodrich, Skot.t, National, International News "so people won'tfeel like they're spending two years in prison." U.S. To Equip ARVN WASHINGTON (UPI) -The United States will equip major South Vietnamese ground forces with the newest U.S. weapons to permit them to assume a greater share of the war, the Defense Department disclosed Tuesday. In addition to the latest infantry and artillery equipment, the Pentagon will also furnish the South Vietnamese with some modern jet aircraft, helicopters, river patrol craft and tanks, officials said. The ground force equipment will include the lightweight, rapidfiring M16 rifle, grenade launchers, machine guns, mortars, Howitzers, trucks and armored personnel carriers -all the latest types used by Americans. Bombing Limits Outlined SAIGON (UPI) -A U.S. military spokesman said Tuesday that American warplanes are permitted to bomb targets within 35 miles three minutes' flying time -of North Vietnam's Hanoi-Haiphong industrial complex under President Johnson's partial bombing halt. The spokesman said American planes would bomb in North Vietnam's southern panhandle, an area he defined as stretching 250 miles due north of the Demilitarized Zone border strip separating North and South Vietnam. The disclosure came as Hanoi's first response to Johnson's peace move, contained in the army newspaper Qanh 'oi Nhan Dan, made it clear the North Vietnamese regime does not consider the U.S. President's offer acceptable. It complained that Johnson had not agreed to an unconditional halt in the bombing and other military actions. 10% Tax Passed WASHINGTON (UPI) -The Senate Tuesday passed the 10 per cent tax increase that President Johnson has been trying to get since last August and tied it to an enforced $6 billion cut in government spending. But the income tax increase -Johnson called it a surcharge -must now be approved by the House, whose members show very little more enthusiasm for it than they did when it was proposed. By two separate votes, 53 to 35 and 57 to 31 -necessary for parliamentary reasons -the Senate approved a broad tax-spending package that also included extending excise taxes on new cars and telephone bills and speeding up corporate tax collections. STEAK n' SHAKE Student Special (With The Coupon) Our Regular 88 Steakburger Luncheon And Any 15 Drink $1.03 value Only 85t tax Offer good Until April 30 Only Steak n' Shake 1610 SW 13th Street Gainesville rRoom337, Reitz Union Date Please reserve _copies of the 1968 Seminole in my name. Enclosed is I a check for $ .($5.00 per copy) Name Address in 010 ase----------THE FLORIDA ALLGIR is the official student newspaper of the University of Florida and t Aiiefive tiAe weekly, qxept during Jne,Juy aed 4tunst when it is published aemb-metlty and duriK qttdit sIfda$e aod exam p s renreset only the offital ons of theirs autora.Address corresponden e FlOrIda AllIgatoretto Union Buldisg, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, 32601. 'Te Alligator is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida, 32601. Subscription rate Is $14.00 per year or $4.00 per quarter. 'T Florida AllIgator reserves the tight to regulate the typographical tone of all advertisements and to revine or turn away copy which it considers objectionahe. The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustments of payment for any advertisement Involving typographlcal errors or erroneous insertion unless notice Is given to the Advertising Manager within (1) one day after advertisement appears. The Florida Alligator will not be responsible for more than one incorrect Insertion of an advertisement scheduled to run several times. Notices for correction must be given before next Insertion. Housing Director Harold Riker announced last quarter that sophomores, as well as freshmen, will live in dorms, to help defray mortgage payments. Telephones, air-conditioning, and carpeting will be installed to make the dorms more liveablr The commission recognizes the need to fill up the dorirs, Goodrich said. "There were 400 vacancies last quarter," he noted. Goodrich and Moore, and another commission member, Housing ROM PAGE ONE conduct has been shown, the residents of Graham seem to have been subjected to unnecessary and undeserved public rebuke. "Inasmuch as all facts and all officials involved report that procedures long standing were fully complied with, Dean Cosby's charges of 'administrative mismanagement' have falsely questioned the competency of Graham Area staff and the Area Council. "Uniess these charges can be proven, I believe that the Dean of Women owns the Graham staff and especially the residents an apology."0 Sigma Nu Delta Tau Delta Marti Cochran, said visiting privileges will be a prime consideration of the commission. "We feel that each area council should be able to set up its own open house policies," said Miss Cochran. "We don't want to see rules handed down from above," Moore added. They were again referring to the Graham incident, which was an evening open house. Dean Cosby was "shocked" by having open house at night, Goodrich said. The com mission also will study women's curfew. The Rules and Twilight ConC On UF Auditol Today's "sound", the sound of the electronic amplifier, will be featured in a special solo number at the Twilight Concert tonight on the University Auditorium Lawn. Martha Stark, flutist from Key West, will play Tarantella,written by John Dalby, with the aid of a new electronic instrument, called a "Multivider.' 'The Multivider can alter the character of the sounds transmitted into it, as well as amplify its Kappa Alpha Regulations Committee of Women Students' Association (WSA) is working to abolish curfew for juniors. Jeanne Long, com mission member, said surveys are being conducted to see whether sophomores are "responsible" enough for no curfew. "Girls, for the most part," she said, "are willing to abide by the regulations, as long as they understand the purpose of them." The commission report will get '"full consideration" from the Housing Office, said Riker. Lart Tonight rium Lawn volume, and raise or lower the pitches played. The Muitivider, still in an experimental stage, is here at the University on loan from the Conn Corporation, which developed it. The concert beginning at 6:45 p.m., is open to the public without admission charge and is entirely informal. The next performance of the GatorSymphonic Band will be in St. Augustine at the Inter-American Music Festival. H ILLEL PASSOVER SEDER APRIL 12th, 13th Friday & Saturday. 6:30 p-m. Reservations Requi red _.ail 372-2900 16 N.W. 18th ST. Delta Upsilon Pi Kappa Alpha Page 2, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 3. 1968 There's a place for YOU in a Florida fraternity In fraternity intramurals the spirit is high and the competition is rugged. A well-rounded program of sports every quarter develops skill and blends in with the fraternity teachings of sportsmanship. There's a great thrill in representing your fraternity in an intramural sport. The competition for trophies and the personal satisfaction of excelling makes you strive a little harder. Open House toni ht from 7-10 at U m 

PAGE 3

Wednesday, April 3, 1968The Florida Alligator, Page 3 r -b Carnival Causes Rift Among Hume Residents By KATHIE KEIM Alligator Staff Writer Student Body President Clyde Taylor and UF President Stephen C. O'Connell met this morning to discuss an alternate site for the Student Government sponsored Dollars for Scholars Carnival, a week-long affair to be held later this month. The original choice of a site, the recreation field behind Hume Hall, drew a wave of fire from the Hume Area Council, which complained of disruption that the carnival would create for area residents. The Council made known Its complaint in a resolution to be presented to Taylor and O'Connell. "The location of the Dollars for Scholars carnival behind Hume Hall will totally disruptthe life of Hume residents," the resolution from the council read. "The carnival noise will make it impossible to study. The influx of people will encourage theft. "Moreover, the damage to the grass on the softball field by carnival machinery and carnivalgoers will seriously impair our recreational facilities. "The Hume Area Council was not consulted concerning the location announced by SG. The Hume Area Coordinator and the Director of Housing were not informed," the Council said in the resolution. "This Council opposes the placement of the carnival behind Hume Hall. The Hume residents deserve an apology from SG, which did not have the courtesy to consider the rights and needs of 600 students. We, their representatives, demand that SG change the proposed location of the carnival." Greg Williams, president of Hume Area Council, and Tom Christman, a section advisor in Hume, explained Tuesday that the principal reason for the objection was that "no one connected with Hume was consulted." "The field the carnival is to be placed on doesn't belong to us, it belongs to intramurals. But no one even asked for our point of view," Williams said. "We're not trying to pick out the location," Christman said, "but we're trying to think about the life that will be disrupted for a week." Also objected to was that "study will be impaired and that some students' sleep will be ruined, for many sleep in the early evening and study in the early morning." They pointed out that windows in the dorm cannot be closed due to the warm weather, "so that noise cannot really be shut out." "We are not against Dollars for Scholars; we feel, however, that the 600 Hume scholars will be hurt by having the carnival Military Queen Contestants Must Apply Before Friday The 1968 Military Ball with a $100 wardrobe for the Queen will be held April 27 with pret liminaries starting Monday, April 15. UF's Army ROTC Scabbard and Blade is sponsoring the event which is open to advanced cadets and special invitees. Organizations are invited to sponsor girls in the contest. Contestants will be judged on beauty and poise in swimsuit, campus wear, evening gown and on a personality interview with the judges. Requirements are that. the contestant be single and have her entry blank and 10 dollar entrance fee in by 5 p.m. Friday. On April 25 three finalists will be chosen at 8 p.m. at the J. Wayne Reitz Union Aditorium. These finalists will attend the Military Ball April 27 in the union ballroom where the queen will be chosen at 9 p.m. Prizes include a $100 wardrobe from Jody's of Gainesville and a 26 inch trophy for the winner. Entry forms and checks for $10 ONLY ONE STOPLITE AWAY rom Campu And A Real TREAT Open 2:00 -11:30 pm Ice Creame Shoppe WESTGATE SHOPPING CENTER 05w. Univ. GAINESVILL Phone 376which is supposed to help them."' "We knew there would be problems, but we're trying to keep them at a minimum," Bill Neron, Taylor's press secretary, said. "Every possible means is being taken to work the problem out, and there will be a solution by this afternoon. "A lot of work has gone into this project," he said. "Because of the time factor, Hume field was the only one available. we needed a large field, and it was larger than some other fields on campus.'" Student Body Vice President Gary Goodrich said that the Hume Field was chosen because it was the only one available. According to Goodrich, the Norman Field could not be used because of conflict with classes, while the ROTC Drill Field would be in use that Saturday for parking for the Orange and Blue football game. L&W CAFETERIA Wednesday Night Italian Veal Parmigiana 49c Home Cooking I ONE PO CLAIRO 'rt $10 00 Value HASK HAIR TOP $3.00 Value DEP Now Available off-campus A college degree is an earned asset worthy of pride. Wear your achievement proudly with the University of Florido class ring from Gainesville's leading jeweler. ES QUALITY JEWELEk 103 W. Univ. Ave. -2655 New Gainesville Mall STYLING Value$ TAME CREME RI $L.59 Value REBEL DISCOUNT SAVE REBEL DISI 1227 W.U1 6 TRANSIS RADI( $6.-49 Value LA NOL IN H AIR SPI 99$ Value INSE 06 II oUANNY RHTS RIEVED 10% COUNT NIVERSITY fOR 49 PLUS RAY 94 UND L'S 79 NIC G79 GEL 39 'I 04 

PAGE 4

Page 4h, ne Florida Alligator, Wediesday, April 3, 1968 Eg. Frals To Salute Professors The two UF engineering honorary fraternities -Sigma Tau and TaU Beta Pi -have initiated an annual program for engineering students to recognize outstanding professors in the College of Engineering. Nomination boxes for the selection of the first recipients of the award will be placed in each engineering building today and Thursday so that engineering students may indicate their nomination. After an intermediate screening of the student's nominations, the president and vice president of the two honoraries will visit classes of the final nominees to choose the award recipients. According to a spokesman for the groups, the purpose of the award is to provide an incentive for improving the quality of unAergraduate education in the college. For this reason, the selection of recipients will be based mainly on teachingtechnique, ability to stimulate student interest, and active concern for the welfare of students. In order to be qualified for a student nomination, the professor must teach undergraduates. Students who wish to nominate a professor should indicate the professor's name and department and write a paragraph on the outstanding characteristics of the nominee on a form which will be provided in each building. Correction Dr. David Chalmers, history professor, did not say that Robert F. Kennedy would be the Democratic nominee for President. Contrary toanarticle in Tuesday's Alligator, Chalmers believed Kennedy had the most to gain by President Johnson's refusal to run in November, and not that he would win. Now Full-Fledged By HARVEY ALPER zation is to serve the UF and Alligator Managing Editor ODK, to promote student-faculty relations at the freshman level The UF's University Circle and to further freshman particimen's leadership and scholastic pation in all phases of university honorary Thursdayy grew from a life," Breeze said. colony to a full-fledged member "This will also give us an of the national Omicron Delta opportunity to recognize outKappa (ODK) honorary. standing freshmen," he added. Fred Breeze, ODK president, The ODK president said learned by telegram that the Squires will have five areas of national parent organization had selection, much as the parent voted to approve national memorganization. These include bership for the UF colony, in scholarship, athletics, organizarecord time. tions, publications and the arts. The UF organization will now "As far as I know this is the be known as Universityof Florida only freshman service organiOmicron Delta Kappa Men's zation on campus. It is hoped that Honorary. The name University early involvement in campus afCircle will be dropped. fairs through an organization In other action Breeze such as Squires will arouse in announced ODK is undertaking these outstanding young men the the formation of a new organidesire to improve our univerzation to be known as university community," Breeze said. sity "Squires." "The obvious benefits to the Squires, which will be a campus from Squires are indivision of ODK, is an organivolvement of freshmen in service zation for freshmen and first projects through a service orquarter sophomore men who rank ganization, education of freshmen in the upper one-third of their personnel in campus affairs and respective classes. the availability of a new and eager "The purpose of the organigroup to investigate problems in WATCH FOR TOMORROW'S SPECIAL GROCERY SECTION I ilath B wt ODK Chapter e university community," zation, and notSquires, will dothe reeze continued. tapping. Squires, as a division of ODK, Membership in Squires, as in ill be supervised by an ODK ODK, will be restricted to men. member. This person shall be known as "knight" and will be appointed by Breeze. Tapping for squires will coincide with tapping for the parent organization. The parent organi-Enjoy Person at, Barber Servicee Relax in comfort and convenience at the best in the professional barber field in Gainesville. Specialists in razor cuts trimmings, washings and conventional cuts. See Kenny or M1ac -at ...SIM'S BARBER SHOP 817 West University 378-2016 For The Best In Steaks Meals,& 8 ndwichem .8. COLOR TV BILLIARDS 1718 W Uriversity Ave. il0nTheGold1Coawst' TEV. 12 NBC L O -E Wells Fargo Honeymooners MOVIE Compass 12 What's New Virginian Camera Corner Lost in Space "Pete Kelly's VrilnBlues" Vireinia, Beverly Hillbillies Kraft Music Hall Green Acres MOVI 9:30 Kraft Music Hall He & She "The-Tro Run for With Harr 10:.00 Your Life Jonathan Run For Winters0 Your Ifte New News .I News 11:30 Johnny Carson MOVIE Joey Bis "Let's Make Love" __A&________NEWS IN PERSPECTIVE Virginian E Kraft Music Hall MOVIE Kraft Music Hall "The Private uble -Life of y 0 Run For Your Life Henry VIII" Run For Your Life op Johnny Carson FEARLESS FORECAST: "The Trouble With Harry." Typical Hitchcock corpse disposal problem. starring John Forsyth and Shirley MacLAine. Black comedy at its best. NBC 4 CBS ABC 7:00 7:30 8:00 8:30 9:00 OU R N T The best values ever for your TV DOLLAR$$ "All -Americ Built" Buy Six Wa Never bef( so low Just $;A28 a n lys ore Performance guaranteed by Couch's own Zenith master technicians COUCHPS 608 N. MAN More value for your TV dollar TUMBLEWEEDS By TOM RYAN HW BuE Si TRY OOWPYBH' "U UF Honorary, University Circle a 16"9 TV The SEABREEZE .YI8ILO GO GREEK I 

PAGE 5

Today's Gator Girl is Jackie Elverum,2UC. A math major, Jackie is from Minneapolis. Housing Subject Of Dialogue Are you satisfied -with your students rights concerning housing rules? Do youfeel off-campus dwellers should be required to pay deposits or that curfews are necessary In women's dorms? The student body will be able to seek answers to these questions and speak out about University and Off-Campus Housing at this quarter's first Florida Blue Key Dialogue discussion tonight at 7:30 in room 355 of the Reitz Union. A panel consisting of Dr. Harold C. Riker, director of UF Housing; John McCoy, vice president of Gainesville Apartment Owner's Association; Carl Opp, director of Off-Campus Housing; Dean Donald D. Mott, assistant dean of men; Ken Howell, moderator of Dialogue; Bruce Boker, research director of Dialogue; Tom Blackmon, director of survey of Dialogue; Lori Preece and Bob Hollmeyer, research staff members of Dialogue; Jeannie Long, secretary of women's affairs; Mike Moore, president of Men's Interhall; and Bill McBride and Jim Valentine, dormitory resident assistants, will discuss housing problems. Housing contracts for sophomores, open house rules, curfews, and drinking In dorms are on-campus housing topics to be discussed while off-campus dwellers will bear about uniform rental agreements; deposits, and recreation and maintenance and improvements. "This is an opportunity for the people who make the policies and the people who follow the policies to come into direct contact,' said Ira Leesfield, general director of Dialogue, describing the function of Dialogue. The quarter system will be the topic of the next Dialogue to be held on April 18. Jobs In the Catskills ,atskill Mt. resorts are now hiring students for summer jobs. Openings for waiters, waitresses, chambermaids, life guards, counselors, etc. Experience helpful but not essential. Write for up-to-date catalog of resort hotel jobs including where to write, jobs available and salary. Send $1.00 to overprinting postage and "gnling to Resorts International, Dept. B, 5314 Lee Ave., Richmond, Virginia. SHAMPOO VO5 a TAME 16 oz. Reg. $1.59 -994 15 oz. -Reg. $1.89 89 KING SIZE Reg. 79 49 KINDNESS INSTANT HAIR SETTER Reg. $23.95 $15.99 NOTE BOOK INJECTOR PAPER BLADESFILLER Reg *79 Reg. $1 .15 Reg.-7 49 LEGAL PADS, SCOPE Reg. 39 194 FAMILY SIZ INOXEMA 8 SHAVE CREAM 11 oz. Reg. $1.29 89_ _ THURS., FRI., SAT. SAVE UP To SEVER YD AY,.40 A 1023 WEST UNIV.A PHONE 376-320 U -I ~u ADORN Reg. $2.25 $1.59 Special Got A Sick Corvair? W6specialize in Corvair service that's backed up by 30 yrs. experience with General Motors Corp. You'll drive safer with our brake and tune-up service, too. And let us put that air-conditioner in perfect order, 'no matter what make car you have. We're the student's friend, so stop in and save money. ELROD'S AUTO REPAIR 1031 So. Main Phone 376-7771 

PAGE 6

Page 6, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 3, 1968 The Florida Alligator "To Let The People Know" Steve Hull Val i dtor Aff Harvey Alper Harold Kennedy ManagWiEtor Executive Editor Harold Aldrich Bob Padecky News Editor Sports Editor So Flefb t Afl*W's Edel posMim em miams is eapreme owia s aSoho=below.00r madnl Ia a" Imsse may rdmas ame"o f t whier er eur to mm maddnoseamily 60t ethe erif AmptAr uems upammeiimaly ledl Accent On Nothing Accent '68 is proving to be a study in lack of leadership and non -direction. This year's program, pegged around the theme '' Politics: Impact on Youth,'' isn't really about anything in particular. With the recent cancellation of Selective Service Director Lewis B.Hershey as keynote speaker, Accent director has stretched his imagination to the outer limits and selected writer Ralph Nader as a substitute for the general. Undoubtedly Mr. Nader has something to say, or at least Congress thinks so, but we seriously doubt that the great crusader for safer American autos can set the mood, as a keynote speaker should, on the impact of politics on youth. The truth is that Mr. Nader won't even have had enough time to write a decent speech on a topic which just isn't his subject. What's more, the other speakers at this year's Accent symposium, including James J. Kilpatrick, F. Clifton White, Harry Golden, Allen C. Isbell, Earl Faircloth and Ed Gurney also just don't measure up to the topic at hand. Accent -deserves great speakers who are familiar with their topics. Accent and the UF student deserve better. But tLis year one student, by the name of Gramling, attempted to run Accent and all he seemed to accomplish was to step on his own hands. A lot of people have been kind to Gramling and others are busy looking out for his future as a "student leader" but, as far as the Florida Alligator is concerned, Mr. Gramling has made what should be his last mistake in "student leadership." '"Right Around Presidential Time, I Get This Compulsion" PERSPECTIVE The Paradox Of The GOP BY BRUCE McCURRY Outdated Handbook J, Wayne Reitz is still president of the UF. The present calendar system used here is the trimester. Coeds, according to pictures, do not wear miniskirts. These statements maybe surprising, but if you read the UF's Student handbook, type of public relations periodical, all would be true. The handbook, which was published in 1965, should be updated to help portray the University as a more progressive institution. The Florida Alligator realizes a project such as revamping the handbook would be costly. But in the interest of entering Freshmen, student transfers and the myriad visitors which come to the UF, a new handbook should be prepared. DAVE DOUCETTE Assistant News Editor JERRY SILBERBERG Campus Living Editor GLENN FAKE Editorial Assistant JOE TORCIRA Entertainment Editor STAFF WIITIERS: Mike Abrams, Ale Boyd, Beth Brandon1 David Chafin,.James Cook, Linda Daniels, Duffy, Sand Drechsler, Mark Dunn, Anne Freedman, Edward Fox, Mary Gantt, Brenda Gevertz,JanieGould,SimonGish, Steve Hulsey, Dee Dee Horn, Paul Kaplan, Kathis' Keim, Roy Mays, John Parker, Al Pierleoni, Raul Ramirez, Dave Reddick, Neal Sanders, Janice S~emore, Nick Tatro. STAFF PHOTOGRAPiE;RS: Nick Arroyo, Mike Huddleston, Ga.s Mustelier. STAFF ARiST: Lois Parks. 'Me Alligator of the Air is heard each weekday at 3:55 p.m. on radio station WDVH. Alligator of the Air editor is Dennis Watson. Since the era of Franklin D. Roosevelt the Republican Party has been trapped in a deep and seemingly inextricable malaise. Because the Democratic Party has assumed the liberal role of amelioration of the social dislocation in advanced industrial society of the United States, the Republican Party has, in effect, abandoned its position as a-*progressive influence in American politics. It has, instead, presented an image of Itself as a group of cantankerous "naysayers" who, by their apparent negativism, all too often constitute little more than a professional Opposition. Whether justifiable or not, the image nevertheless persists. The tragedy of this situation is that it symbolizes a denial by the Republican Party of effective leadership in the complex modern society which, in the past, it did so much to promote. The Republican Party is, after all, the party of Lincoln, Sumner, Stevens, Blaine, Theodore Roosevelt, LaFollette and vanderberg. Today, however, it is the party of Nixon, Ford, Goldwater and Reagan with the Hatfields and Lindsays remaining ineffectually on the fringes of the existing power structure. One observer has remarked that the party has always been torn between progressive idealism and regressive opportunism. 1ow, perhaps more than 'ever, it is the opportunists who have the upper hand. The year 1968 appears to be developing into an excellent example of the paradox of the modern Republican Party, With the abdication of Lyndon Johnsonand withpeace candidates McCarthy and Kennedy as the Democratic front-runners, the Republican Party faces the danger of assuming the unpopular stance of war party, a position which the Democratic Party has incurred under the leadership of the now lame-duck President Johnson. If it is to win in 1968 the Republican Party must eschew such a role. With the Democrats in disarray the chances for Republicanvictory in this year's presidential election are excellent, but they hinge upon the party's return to the progressive idealism which made it great. To gain victory in this election year the Republican Party must put forth a candidate and a positive program capable not only of channeling the rising disaffection with the Viet Nam morass into Republican votes but also of Intruding upon traditionally Democratic strongholds. But at present the Republican Party is not availing itself of its potential for a meaningful victory. All indications are that Richard Nixon, a candidate, who has not been able to win an election on his own since 1948, will lead the Republican ticket this November. Those Republicans capable of inspiring the support and devotion of independent voters as well as the party's rank and file are, ironically, outside of the party's decision-making hierarchy. Thus emerges the Inadamental paradox of the Republihan P~rty.'Alth6ugtr it possesses a rich historical tradition and an array of vigorous young cfflce holders who have demonstrated their vote-getting abilities, the Republican Party is saddled with a national leadership which remains in the hands of an impotent old guard who seem resolved to once again lead the party down the road to electoral defeat. -.L. ij Alligator Staff 

PAGE 7

Wednesday, April 3, 1968, The Florida Alligator, Page 7 THE AMERICAN DREAM Viet nam. Auf Wiedersehn! Keep Wallace On The Farm BY UNCLE JAVERNECK George C. Wallace is at it again. 'Tat 100% cotton-headed ball of lint in the Deep South's own political Docket, Alabama, is making his second bid for the Whitehouse. Nobody is really worried that M he'll make it -not this time anyway. All his candidacyand his OPEN FORUM: scattered but not insignificant support points to is that, periodically, the American people like to sit down and reminisce. In this case, it's back to the days when we had the only A-bomb, a Coca-cola culture, and Martin -Theme h Luther King could damn well wait in the kitchen. The only problem with Wallace's hayseed back-yard approach to politics is that although ly I that's where we came from, that's not where we're going. Gone are the good old days when a man could unthnin oWglyit 3 nf empty his n gumative shotgun intoking the backside of anyone who disturbed his hen house. The InterMR. EDITOR: national scene has evolved past shotguns and to the point where I'd like to reply to these great most nations are either chicken humanitarians, who think the thievesor chickens. helping of a people a crime, and Wallace gives the appearance who think their deaths, a portion of an over-emotional auctioneer of which can be attributed to when he speaks. He sweats and American weaponry, our murder. shakes like a poor man's Dick These humanitarians suffer Nixon. from "Ho Chi Mania," a disease Is style, while probably efwhich is characterized byconfective enough in bargaining for livestock or winning elections in Alabama, is not the kind that A S a fet y sells treaties or trade agreements. I~s intelligence may be adequate but nothing more. If it were N d d F 1 abundant it would have shown up by now. All in all, Wallace isn't the MR. EDITOR: best man for the job. Running for the presidency is The following is an open letter part of the American Dream. to President O'Connell which I Italian boys are groomed for the hope that-you will print. opera, Mexicans and Germans have to be generals, and Russlans can play the violin or President O'Connell: walk on the Moon. Every American boy lucky enough to have During the first week of March, a mother is destined to be presion my way to class I had ocasdent. sion to see a delivery man reMrs. Wallace's boy, George, trieving four K bottles (highbpresis trying his best. sure tanks) from the sloping With Wallace at least we can driveway behind the ENG Buildcount on one thing. Before he ing (E&I). They had evidently drops any H-bombs, he'll want to rolled off of his truck as he know what they cost the taxbacked down the hill. Two were payer. under parked cars: NONE HAD A ALLI BATOR BRAINOSITIES Oh, it's a toughie today. I shall get right into it. -Mr. Neverong (Ugh) gave me a check in full payment for some work which I had done for him. The check was in three figures and for much more than my bill, I was informed, so naturally I was very pleased. As a further gesture of his great generosity, Mr. Neverong told me tIat ifI ppmise4,Aot tQ, cash the 'ebeck(whichI hadn't seen yet) he would give me the difference between the product of the three digits and their sum -and he assured me that this difference would not be a small Number. I what a fool I was. How much was the check? And to you literaries, here is yesterday's answer -BenGunnTreasure Island, Uriah HeepDavid Copperfield, Lucy Manette-A Tale of Two Cities, Carol KennicottMain Street, Catherine Farklay-A Farewell to Arms, Roxanne-Cyrano de Bergerac, Joe Harper-Tpm Sawyer, Duostan I Cass-Silas Marner, PhilipBosinieyThe .Forsythe Sage, Edmund Dantes-The Count of Monte Cristo, John Ridd-Lorna Doone, Old Marley-Christmas Carol, Charles Strickland-The Moon and Sixpence, Sam Williams -Penrod, Amelia SedleyVanity Fair. Of course I jumped at this but when I saw the check, I realized Whewl MR. EDITOR: Having been obsessed with basketball (at 5"7"1I am more a spectator than a participant), it's been hard shifting my thoughts from John Woodenand Co., to Vietnam. Moreover, the thrill of becoming a "3AS" has kept me in a daze of late. But Thursday's Alligator comments prompted me-to write thisletter. Harvey Alper is correct in asserting that the U.S. is "Trapstant reading with one eye and causes the person to believe that everything is completely black on one side of him. These people tell us that we are fighting against the South Vietnamese people. But may I ask, what is the S. Vietnamese Army made up of? If the Viet Cong are the people, as these protestors constantly state, then Engineer or UF SAFETY CAP ON THEM. If one of them had landed so as tobreak off the valve, it would have been a jet engine turned loose. Three days later, during a shower, I came to the end of a sidewalk; about ten feet from the next one. Noticing that someone had laid several boards across the mud, I stepped on one of them only to find it had been painted with a paint that is very slippery upon getting wet. I almost broke an ankle. The point I am trying to make is that I think that this University should have a Safety Engineer. He should be a man with authority to immediately correct, or have corrected, any safety hazard. (If the university presently has such a man, I have been unable to ascertain same.)I am sure that there are many such hazards around the campus and the dorms that need correcting (Re: Alligator article March 28, 1968, concerning pipes obstructing traffic). Although the first item mentioned was reported to the campus -police (with a promise from them to check it), I don't think that they have the men, or proper authority to correct this and other situations. We need a Safety Engineer that anyone can contact at any time. Many cities and almost all large comparties have one. Having wdtked' in ohe of the -most safd.:; 'ty-conscious areas of the United States (Cape Kennedy) for a number of years, I knowandfully appreciate the value of these men. I hope, Sir, that you wil seriously consider this, and act promptly. ped in Vietnam." The napalming of civilians and the destruction of villages to "save" them are certainly hideous occurrences. But equally appalling is the fact that the undeclared war has produced an adamantly bloodthirsty mood in this country. Old Mendel Rivers keeps rollin' along, and Hershey bars dissent through re-classification. Our "leaders, "P particularly LBJ, who ran on a peace why do they freely admit that the Viet Cong have asked the people to revolt? Then there's the question of North Vietnam -the great liberator. Obviously the disease is affecting both eyes in this case, because it seems that this "peace loving" country has taken upon itself to invade Laos. Today they are moving in the direction of its capital. It seems that Uncle Ho wants to infiltrate troops to S. Vietnam, and if a neutral country happens to be where the road is, then tough -just icing on their bullets. Lastly, are our "crimes." Accidental bombings are just that -accidents. Is a car accident murder? I call something murder when innocent civilians are used as shields, which the VC have recently done, or the deliberate bombing of public buildings in which civilians are hurt or killed. I call something a crime when civilians are kidnapped, and often shot (which is murder) if allied forces are about to overwhelm themmanyare women and old men. Napalm is an effective weapon against the Viet Cong, and North Vietnamese soldiers. Yes, itkills and injures civilians, but so do grenades, bullets, mortars, and explosive bombs in general -and in greater quantity than napalm. Perhaps we should supply our men, and the S. Viet. Army with sling shots armed with rubber balls. Or perhaps stop fighting so I that no civilians will be hurt or I killed. But the Communists don't I care about civilians. So when the I communists finally try tocom4 pletely take over Laos we'll let them. And when they completely I take over Cambodia and Thailand, I which they have already started I to do, we can take delight in I knowing that we have furthered I the cause of peace.I ALAN ESKENAS, lUC Gator Button SEX IS HER EDITAR Y k b t IVAN D. HARNAGE, 4EG I _ 4 no kof* for the complacent man., rhe U.S. Army gShots Fo-r.Guns?. herent within it. I I 1 0 1 , ,,-I i t That night God undressed and went to bed. He smiled in the dark and felt a great deal of relief nowing that he had accomplished a hard day's labor. He fell soundy asleep as he happily rememered that he would never haveto hink about Earth again. ARLENE WEINBERG platform in '64, are intractably hawkish. Eugene McCarthy has other ideas, but he may not have a chance. I am writing now because I detest our senseless Asian struggle. But I, too, may be ignored. Mr. Alper seems to think that those who protest the "war" are degenerates. Well, sir,Idon't have long hair, and I don'tsmoke pot or fags (nor do I associate with the latter). I'm "wild-eyed" only when I'm not wearing my contact lenses. I don't consider myself a pacifist. But I would not fight over there if ordered to. I do not intend to kill for a Pax Americana. F.M. Williams writes: "Dow does not kill anyone; they only make the chemical." Sure, and the Nazis were just following orders. Didn't we learn anything from them? Thomas Merton wrote a poem entiled "Adolf Eichmann." The poem's purpose was to show that we, the "good guys," are guilty, too. We murder at a distance and with bombs, but we still murder. I, for one, don't want to be guilty of the crime of silence. Merton ended his poem: "Hiroshima .Auf wiedersehenl" I say: "Vietnam. .Auf wiedersehen!" DAVID "RAVING" MILLER,2UC Please Limit Letters To The Aligator To 300500 Words. Due To The Volume Of Mail, Not All Letters Can Be Pblished, Nor Can Each Letter Be Prnted In Its Original Length. God's Little Circular File MR. EDITOR: God woke up one morning and yawned. He had nothing in particular to do so he decided tofinish some house-cleaning he started previously. He collected all of the dirt, smut, mud, and related matter that was congesting his domain into one big pile. His pad was spotless but the pile remained. Composed of the most sinister elements he could not let it remain within the providence of its master and He carefully plotted its fate. He planned for it to be contained in a place where it could not infect the rest of Creation. No one would have access to it and it would be avoided like the plague for indeed it was. le searched for a circular file in his vast system of classification where it could not interfere with his curriculum. He remembered place -a self-contained disposal unit far-removed from His influence where it could be left alone subjected to the evil inI AWL 

PAGE 8

Page 8, 'hbe Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 3, 1968 99 TO $14.95 originally Published To Sell From $2.98 to $25.00 The Campus Shop and Bookstore Semi American Crewel Embroidery:. HOMESPUN AND BLUE. By Martha Genung Sterns. Revised Enlarged edition with 32 pictures. A fascinating account of early American work in samplers, rugs, curtains and coverlets with reproductions of their designs. Orig. Pub. at $5.75 Now, complete ad. Only 1.98 LIVING HISTORY OF THE WOR LD. 1967 Year Book. Ed. by Gao. D. Stoddard. Over 500 photographs plus numerous charts & drawings. More than 100 outstanding writers have contributed to this mammoth volum recording in colorful wob the evn0 of an exciting, historic year in alphabetical arrsinent. Important and faminating facts for the entire family. Handsomely bound, beautifully printed. 7% x 10. Pub. at $9.96 Only 2.98 THE COMPLETE ILLUSTRATED BOOK OF YOGA. By Swami Vishnudenananda. Over 140 full page photos. All the essential knowledge: asanas, breathing exercies, concentration, medltation, diet, philosophy, longevity, training programs, etc. Orig. Pub. at $10.00 New, complete ad. Only 3.95 CORTES AND THE CONQUEST OF MEXICO. 60 Illus. in Color. The amazing story of how a few hundred Spaniards, cut off from home and help, conquered the vast armies of the Emperor of Mexico. Special 2.98 W|30covr 5 and ExplorntiOm -b OPENING CLOSED MINDS. By Wm. J. Reilly. How to achieve understanding and cooperation, how to deal with stubborn people, building affectivenses in your job, etc., Illustrated with concrete examples. Orig. Pub. at $3.50 New, completed ad. Orgy 1.00 AMERICAN PAINTING. By Virgil Barker. Illus. with over 100 plates. One of the beet histories of American painting, a handsome (7x10) volume covering the social and cultui background of American srnfromvthe 17th contory to the present. Orig. Pub. at $12.50 Now, complete, ad. Only 5.95 CHILDREN'S ILLUSTRATED MERRY ADVENTURES OF ROBIN TREASURY OF KNOWLEDGE. 2 HOOD. Robin Hood, Will Scarlet, Vol. Set With 576 Pages in Full Little John, Allan Dale and all the Color. A set of 36 great educational other Sherwood adventurers in their books, bound into two volumes -a most enchanting presentation. Vivid wealth of exciting reading, Is by Hoid Pyle. Over 100 FuN fascinating facts and information, Color illus. by Benvenuti. Pub. at written by renowned educators, $5.00. Only 2.98 magnificently illustrated, thoroughly THE AUDUBON BOOK OF TRUE enchanting. Pub. at $7.90 The 2 Vol NATURE STORIES. Ed. by John K. Set Complete, Only 4.95 Teares. Profusely illustrated with delicately executed lithographs by FAMOUS GHOSTS, PHANTOMS, AND POLTERGEISTS. By A. Tackaberry. A fascinating account of shosts, spirits and apparitions from the past and the present -how they haunt, what they seek and what satisfies them. Orig. Pub. at $1.95 Now, complete ad. Only 1.00 NORTH AMERICAN BIRDS OF PREY. By A. Sprunt, Jr. Foreword by Roger Tory Peterson. Illus. with 46 plates in full color & 4 pages of identification silhouettes. The beauty, grace and prowess of birds of prey depicted in words and pictures, the large majority of the color plates by Allan Books. Orig. Pub. at $5.00 New, complete ad. Only 3.95 ESP FOR THE MILLIONS. By Susy Smith. A basic introduction to Extra-Sensory Perception with notable examples -what to expect from it, how it behaves and misbehaves. Orig. Pub. at $1.95 New, complete ad. Only 1.00 HOW. TO BE HEALTHY WITH YOGA. By S. Richmond. With 53 photos. The yoga system of improving your health and well-being, easing tension, insomnia, fatigue, bad posture, arthritis and other complaints by a system of exercises with a valuable chapter on foods. Orig. Pub. at $2.50 New, complete ed, Only 1.00 FIREARMS CURIOSA. By Lewis Winant. Illus. with photos, drawings & specifications of over 300 examples of weapons. Intenesting and informative book on the odd, strange and novel forms of inventive genius applied to the manufacture of arms, weapon holders, combinations with knives, flashlights, etc., as used by the lawful and lawless through the years. Orig. Pub. at $8.50 Now, complete ad. Only 1.98 HOW THE NEW WORLD WAS WON. 56 pictures & maps, all in full color. A thrilling history from the time of Columbus until the settling of the West after the CivN War. Expeically written for young people. 9 x 12. Special 2.98 WILD FLOWERS. By J. G. Barton. Over 100 d~ffernt flowers described and Ilutrated in striking full color in detail with much useful information. 8% x 10%. Only 2.98 AROUND THE WORLD IN 80 DAYS. By Jules Verne. New, enchanting tranation of the fascinating chronicle of Philess Fogg by George M. Towle. Over 100 Full Color Ilks. by L. i4-i .Pub. at $5.00. Only 2.98 Walter W. Ferguson. 49 of the best-loved stories from Audubon Magazine by such famous writers as: Edwin Way Tesle, Alan Devoe, Alexander Sprunt, and others. Orig. pub. at $6.95 New, complete ed. Only 3.49 GOURMET MEALS FOR EASY ENTERTAINING. By M. N. Fried. 21 complete, time-budgeted menus for festive dinners with more than 120 easy-to-prepare recipes for delicious and distinctive food. Orig. Pub. at $3.50 New, complete ad. Only 1.00 .History of : Maritime America. THE SEAFARERS. By Robt. Carse. IIlus. Beginning with the learned to build shallops and pinnaces, learned to kill whales oppose the mighty British fleet with a tiny navy and privateers, develop trade with the west coast to Asia, etc. Pub. at $5.95. Only 1.98 THE REVOLVER 1865-1888. By A. W. F. Taylerson. With 73 photos & 23 drawings. A lavishly illustrated history of firearms using revolving ammunition-feed systems in a period which saw the founding of designs for many revolvers used todsy. Orig. Pub. at $7.50 New, complete ad. Only 2.98 Four complete books: Hop O'My Thumb; Pus in Boots; lack the Giant Killer. Pub. at $10.00 75 cents ft. HIROHITO Emperor of Japan. By L. Moseley. Ilk. with 28 photos. Full-length biography reveig politics leading to Par Harbor, his reltion to his own military power clique during the war and with Gen. MacArthur afterwards. Pub. at $7.95 Only 1.00 HUCKLEBERRY HOUND TREASURY. 7 stories with Huckleberry Hound, Yogi Bear, Quick Draw McGraw andall the rest. Over 100 large illus. in Full Color. Pub. at $1.99 only .49 THE KINGS OF THE ROAD. By Ken W. Purdy. Illus. with Photos. Fascinating account of the fabulous "royal family" of automobiles -the history and features of the Mercer, Duesenberg, Cord, Auburn, Stanley, Bugatti, Rolls-Royce, Mercedes, MG, Stutz, Marmon, Hispano-Suiza, and others including odd one-of-a-kind cars and some racing accounts. Orig. Pub. at $5.95 New, revised ad. Only 1.98 THE BOOK OF RIFLES. By W. H, B. Smith & Jos. E. Smith. Rev. Ed. Over 2000 photos, nearly 700 pages. An encyclopedic reference for the facts about any military or sporting shoulder arm from any of 51 countries. Pub. at $12.50 Only 4.95 FLOWER ARRANGING BY NUMBER. For People Who Want Artistic Results Immediately. By P. Boehm & S. Matsuda. Over 50 ilus. A simple and quick way to learning the basic flower arrangements and the many seasonal variations using garden flowers, branches, leaves and grasses. Orig. Pub. at $2.95 New, complete ad. Only 1.00 MUSHROOM COOKERY. By Rosetta Reitz. A delightful book on how to cook, can, freeze and hunt this delicacy. In addition to the traditional mushroom dishes, there are many dazzling surprises like: Flaming Mushrooms, Muffins, Quenelles, etc. Orig. Pub at $4.95 New, complete ad. Only 1.49 THE SMALL KITCHEN COOK BOOK. By Nina Morellito. A small kitchen need not be a deterrent to preparing meals in the grand manner. An unusual cook book full of choice recipes that are 6esy to prepare with many features not found in other books. Orig. Pub. at $4.95 New, complete ed. Only 1.49 THE COMPLETE ETCHINGS OF GOYA. Foreword by Aldous Huxley. All of the 268 etchings -the famous print series, The Disasters of War, The Art of Bullfighting, in this large and handsome single volume. Orig. Pub. at $7.50 New, complete ad. Only 3.95 SMALL MEALS FOR COMPANY: For Small or Large Groups. By Elaine Ros. Memorable recipes and menus for dinners, midnight suppers, luncheons cocktail enta-Parties in all seson, for all Occasions for 6 to 20 Persons, Pub. at $3.50 Only 1.00 RAIL WAYS, R AL. WA Y$, RAILWAYS. By H. Loxton. Over 300 lus., 32 pages in Full Color. Lively history coveing all aspects of the word's ralkways -satos ng stock; signals ;the tranontnental lines, subways, s ,dis, electric and gas turbine nosle, etc. Pub. at $7.50 Only T H E O L D MAST E RS: Byzantine-G oth icRenaissanceBaroque. Text by C. Lorgues-Lapouge. 131 Plates in Color, 65 drawings in two tones. Here is a magnificent panorama of priceless paintings and drawings from the 6th to the 18th centuries -a few of the artists: Durer, Brueghel, Titian, El Greco, Raphael, Rubens, Michelangelo, Hogsrth, Rembrandt. 9% x 13. Pub. at $12.50 Only 7.95 COIN DICTIONARY AND GUIDE. By. C. C. Chamberlain & Fred Reinfeld. Profusely illustrated. A comprehensive reference guide in dictionary form. In addition to the basic terms, there -is fascinating information on the history, naming, inscriptions and uses of coins. Orig. Pub. at $3.95 New, complete ed. Only 1.00 SOUTHERN ANTIQUES. By P. H. Burroughs. With 118 photos & 15 drawings. An account of the furniture made in the 5 colonies: Maryland, Virginia, North & South Carolina and Georgia -the makers, woods, styles with superb illustrations of desks, chests, chairs, beds, sideboards, tables, etc. Long out-of-print and rare. 8% x 11. Orig. Pub. at $5.00 New, complete ad. Only 2.98 HF WATSON Em .fB001 Ai' PAINTING CHILDREN IN WATERCOLOR. By Herb Osen. Hundreds of illus. in color and black & white. One of Amorlas's leading watercoles instructs in besic -8 well as specific tghnques for panting pleirms of ddr in a -i~ "~dM book whish se abe as num seeulgof good paining in .sL% x 101'.Oft pwkL at $ltW ON eseopom d. b iy 3Stiu THE WATSON DRAWING BOOK. By Ernest & Aldern Watson. Wth 250 llkus. An introdestIon to the techniques of black & white drwig through the work of 80 artists and may diagrams on,-pencil, pan & ink, brush, quNI, char ca, wash, etc. 8% 1 10%. Orig. Pub. at $9.95 Now, complete ed.Qnly 2.9 

PAGE 9

Wednesday, April 3, 1968, 'ie Florida Alligat6r, Page 9 'Annual Handsome editions you'll be proud to own or give. All new books Savings up to E80% SIDEWALK BOOK SALE CHINESE 1:0X EPICINE RELAX WITH YOGA. By Arthur Liebers. With 29 photos. All the pastures, breathing exercises and principles of diet which lead to success in body building, weight reduction, increase in mental activity, maintaining sexual prowess and even achieving painless childbirth. Orig. Pub. at $2.50 New, complete ad. Only 1.98 SOUTHERN PLANTATION: The Story of LABRAH including its Treasured Recipes. By Lillian Britt Heinsohn. Illus For all who enjoy reading about gardens, food, birds, fish and nature, this account of life on a 1,000 acre plantation in Georgia will be a delightful experience. Throughout are mouth-watering recipes for favorite and unusual dishes: pressed chicken, pecan waffles, onion pie, peach puffs, spoon bread, etc. Orig. Pub. at $4.50 Now, complete ad. Only 1.98 MASTERING YOUR MEMORY. By F. S. Hamilton. An easy, effective guide that tells you how to remember n ries, faces, dates, numbers, cards and many other important factors in your daily life. Orig. Pub. at $2.50 New, comblete ad. Only 1.00 PAINTING METHODS: A Guide to Traditional and Modern. By Frederic Taubes. With 100 illus., 11 in color. The materialtechniques and aesthetics of the artist from medieval times to the present with notable exasiples from the works of Titian, El Greco, Brueghel, Rembrandt, Rubens, Renoir, Cezanne, Dali, J. Pollock and many others. 7% x 9. Orig. Pub. at $6.75 New, Complete ad. Only 2.98 LAROUSSE ENCYCLOPEDIA OF THE EARTH. Foreword by Sir Vivian Fuchs. Intro. by Carrol L. Fenton. More Then 500 Photos & Diagrams, Mostly in Color. Comprehensive and .-authoritative account of the enetonsy and history of our planet, the geology, mineralogy, palaeontology -answers all the questions of how, where, when and why, with an utcelent indes Special 9.95 APRIL GOOD TIME CHARLIE. A Real Greenwich Village Cat. By V. Criston. With 47 photos. Delightful story of a marmalade-colored city cat who invaded the author's apartment and allowed himself to be persuaded to make it his home. Pub. at $3.95 Only 1.49 D IS COV ER Y AN D EXPLORATION: An Atlas-lietory of Man's Journeys into the Unknown. By Frank Debenham. More than 200 paintings, photographs & documents; 38 relief maps, 5 world maps, 12 globes, more than 120 detailed explorer's route maps -about half of them in full color. A lavishly illustrated account of man's most exciting and significant explorations from primitive times to today's ventures into outer space. 8% x 11%. Orig. Pub. at $9.95 Now, complete ad. Only 4.95 AN ASTROLOGY PRIMER FOR THE MILLIONS. By Carl P. Tobey. How to understand people, how to make astrological forecasts in this oldest branch of knowledge. Orig. Pub. at $1.95 New, complete ad. Only 1.00 HAUNTED HOUSES FOR THE MILLIONS. By Susy Smith. An intriguing tour of some of the most famous essdes, homes and buildings of the world including the weird lore of the see and ships. Orig. Pub. at $1.95 New, complete ad. Only 1.00 MOSAICS: Principles and Practice. By Joseph Young. More than 200 photos, 8 in ful color. Revised & Enlarged edition of COURSE IN MAKING MOSAICS which outlines in detail all that $6.50 Only 3.49 THE NEW APPROACH TO FIGURE DRAWING. By Wm. Anthony. Over 250 ilkis. A demonstration of the common incorrect methods as well as the correct methods for drawing the clothed as well as the nude figure, as a whole or in parts 8% x 11%. Pub. at $4.95 Only 2.98 Art Techniques for Brush & Pencil: ERNEST W. WATSON'S SKETCH DIARY. 19 reproductions in color, 41 in black & white. An unique art book combining lovely pictures with instructive text for working in pencil and watercolor. 7% x 10%. Orig. pub. at $4.50 New, complete ad. Only 1.98 THE GOLDEN AGE OF THE AME1tICAN RACING CAR. By Griffith Borgeson. With 220 phots & drawings. The complete story of the men, machines, tracks and engineering eacosplehnent from the years just prior to World War I when Anerican teshnelogy started to assert Ituelf in the desisr of the rrabred racing car. 8 x 11. Pub. at 1.50 Only 4.95 HUCKLEBERRY HOUND AND HIS THE PERSONALITY OF THE FRIENDS. Every page illus. in color. BIRD. Ed. by Brandt Aymar. With A giant picture-story book, the 25 full page illus. Wonderful stories Adventures of Top Cat, Loopy Do about birds by such authors as: 11 11Loop, Augie Doggie, Quick Draw Terhune, Saul Bellow, W. Van E X P L O R E R S A N D McGraw, and others. Ages 3-7. Size Tilburg Clark, Donald C. Pesttie, EXPLORATIONS. By Eric Pretter. 10 x 12. Pub. at $2.95. Only 1.00 Ernest Thompson Seton, and others Nearly 200 Illus. in Color. Hers we -each depicting a trait -some are all the great adventures of disov, KING ARTHUR & HIS KNIGHTS courageous, lonely, uncooperative, including space; with details about presumptuous, courting, etc. Pub. at the explorers and beutiful OF THE ROUND TABLE. 100 $4.95 Only 2.49 illustrations in fulN color. All age Paintings in rich color by Gustaf Pub. at $3.M9 fOl 1.98 Tenggren. The glorious adventures of HANDWRITING ANALYSIS FOR King Arthur, Merlin the Magician, THE MILLIONS. By Dorothy Sara. Lancelot and Guinevere, and all the Illus. with examples. A noted MAKE YOUR OWN DOLLS. By I ret. Pub. at $5.00 Only 2.98 graphologist provides an Strobl-Wohlachlager. 50 Lovely COMPLETE WOODCUTS OF easy-to-follow approach to the dols, animals and jumping jacks you DURER. Ed. By Dr. Willi Kurth. science of analyzing handwriting and can make from scraps of cloth. Also Illus. with 346 woodcuts. All the its use in reveling traits of how to construct jointed dols, hand woodcuts Durer was known to have prsolty O. P. at$1.95 New, puppets, knit dolls, etc. 60 illus., 8 in made. One of the greatest artistic Full Color. 7 3/8 x 7 3/8. Pub. at achievements of all time by one of PICTURE GALLERY PIONEERS: $3.50 Only 1.98 the masters in this field particularly First Photographers Of The West on sacred themes. 9x12 .Orig. Pub. 1850-1875. By Ralph W. Andrews. at $7.50 Now, complete ad. Only A photo-history of photography and 3.95 its infancy in the West -a picture BA I gallery of wagon trains and railroads, Indians, pueblos and tent towns, early Denver, Salt Lake City, San DRAWINGS OF THE FRENCH Francisco, Y ellowstone and MASTERS. 2 Complete Books in 1 Yosemite, mining camps, etc. 8% x ASI ATVolume. Book I -FR ENCH 10%. Pub. at $12.50 Only 3.95 DRAWINGS FROM THE 15th CENTURY THROUGH GERICAULT. Text by Jean Vallery-Radot. Book II -FRENCH IMPRESSIONISTS. By Maurice Serullaz.Over 200 Drawings in Natural Color. Book I Covers 53 of the most important artists of the period among them Fouquet, Cloust, Claude,Poussin, Watteau, Fragonard and David. Book II surveys the whole of the 19th century, the fountainhead of modem art, from Delacroix and Daumier to Cezanne and Seurat. Orig. Pub. at $11.95 Na c nlft ad Oni 9; 59 WAYS TO AMUSE A CHILD: Crafts, "M"' o""""ea "' "" Hobbies & Creative Ideas for the HUMPHERY BOGART: The Man Child from 6 to 12. By June and His Films. By Paul Michael. More Johnson. With 122 illus. than 100 photos in scenesfrom every Easy-to-follow directions for one of his 75 films with a concise hundreds of simple things for boys synopsis of the story and complete and girls to make, to do and to enjoy. cast and credits. The story of the Orig. Pub. at $3.95 New, complete man and his mystique which made ad., only 1.00 him a legend in his own lifetime. 8% THE WONDERFUL WIZARD OF x 9%. Orig. Pub. at $7.95 Now, OZ. By L F. Baum. Only hardbound complete ad. Only 2.98 edition in print with all the original W. W. Denalow ilIUs. In Full Color -ENDURE AND CONQUER. By Dr. as much apart of TheWizardas Sam Sheppard. Foreword by F. Lee New Ilustratad HISTORY OF Tenniel's drawings are of Alic in Bailey. The principal of one of the WEAPONRY. By C. Canby. Over 175 Wonderland. Now today's young most controversial murder trials of lIlus., 35 In Ful Color. Exalting wonderful pictnen of the original this century talks not only of his 12 presentation of the history of book. New intro, by Martin Gardner. year fight for vindication but an military tactics, development of 2ook. NowinoyMrn268 pp. Pub. account of student years and cavalry, armor, artillery, nevis, air 23 Full Pae in Color$4. courtship of his murdered wife, the forces, the rise and vd of empires. A at $4.00. only 1.98 ordeal of police "third degrees," his vest, esseltlng tblec of human trial and shocking experiences In jail, Iinten, anbItion, adventure end SEAS, MAPS, AND MEN. An the senation seekers, his eventual eSwievement. PUb. at $5.6 Otly Atles-History of Man's Exploration release after 13 attempts. Pub. at 2.96 of the Oceans. By G. E. R. Deacon. $5.95 Only 1.00 With hundreds of pictures & maps, THE BEACH BOOK. By C. STeinas. mostly In color. A lavishly Illustrated THE FLOWER FAMILY ALBUM. Introd. by J. K. Gabem 1. I1us af account oaf the sees, its margins, By H. F. Fischer & G. Harshbarger. photos & drawings. Have fun on the depths and vegetation, sunken cities, 468 pictures of flowers, vegetables & beach with this big treasury of wrNci aend treasure, marine biology, weeds arranged in family groups and stories, songs, jokes, cartoons, games tides, navigators and explorers drawn to scale for easy Identification and problems, miscellany of through the centuries, et. 8% x 11%. end full of feseineting facts. 10% x Inforatien -even the jacket -is a Orig. Puds. at $9.95 New, complete 7%. Orig. Pub. at $4.00 New, sun relector to help you tan faster. 4. Only 4.95 complete ad. Only 1."6 8% x 10%. Pub. at $8.50 Only 16 SAO vs SO A 

PAGE 10

GATOR CLASSIFIEDS*n form. Page 10, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 3, 1968 FOR SALE 1964 VESPA 150 -Must sell Perfect mechanical condition never any trouble. New paint, new tires. $150.00. 372-6003 or 376-9217. (A-104-5t-p) ---------1962 LAMBRETTA 125cc. Fair condition. Tool Kit included. $85.00 or best offer. Call 378-8959 after 5:00. Ask for Bob. (A-105-5t-p) SOLID STATE COMPONENT STEREO, includes: 54-Watt Amplifier, AM/FM Multiplex tuner, AR Speakers, Sony Tape Deck, Weathers turntable, Many Extras included. Best offer over $450.00. 372-7203. (A-106-3t-p) --------CAMERA: Zess loon Contena (35mm), with flash $75.00. Call David at 378-3937. (A-106-3t-p) POSTERSI Wholesale to dealers. Free catalog. Distributor Inquiries invited. San Francisco Poster Company. P. O. Box 38036, Hollywood, Calif. 90038. (A-106-St-p) GUNS -GUNS -GUNS Inventory over 450 -Buy -Sell Trade -Repair. Reloading Supplies, Custom Reloading -HARRY BECKWITH, GUN DEALER, MICANOPY, 466-3340. (A-106-tf-p) 15' WINDMILL SAILBOAT complete with 2 H.P. motor, trailer, and all safety equipment. Le $350.00. Phone 376-3922 after 5:30 on weekdays. (A-106-3t-p) LUDWING DRUM SET complete Model 988-1-Pcx Downbeat. Including set of 4 Paite 602 Cymbals and drum stool Pearl Finish Excellent condition -Almost new $475. 378-6746. (A-107-4t-p) FOR SALE WOMEN'S Spalding golf club set, 7 irons, 3 woods. Excellent condition, $40. 9 x 12 Umbrella tent, excellent condition, $35.00. Gold I and aqua brocade drapes, elegant, $5.00 per panel. 376-0397. (A-107-3t-p) 1963 DUCATI Motorcycle 125cc. Must sell; best offer. Don Miller. 376-9372, 417 East Hall. (A-108-3t-p) EGMOND 12-string guitar. Beautiful. Almost new. Sacrafice at $85.00 or best offer. 378-8071. (A-108-3t-p) ---------EXCITING midnight blue cartop sailboat, all fillings, varnished spars, gaff rigged. Ready to sil -Ideal for two on Wauberg. Make offer. Call Rich 378-7069. (A-108-it-p) STEREO Speakers: 360 degrees round column speakers in ivory and gold. Fuse protected. Advertised in Playboy. New cost $80.00 each. Your cost $25.00 each. 376-5525. (Steve). (A-108-1t-p) ---------MUST SELL: Gibson Amplifier, with 12" speaker, reverb. and tremolo, excellent condition, $125. Call 376-9542 after 6:00 p.m. (A-108-3t-p) ---------1965 Scooter 90cc, electric start, windshield, etc. Very low mileage, excellent, $150. 376-6670. (A-108-3t-p) 1966 SCOOTER, 150cc, windshield, electric start, turn signals, racks, mirrored, etc. Very low mileage, excellent, $250. 376-6670. (A-108-3t-p) *DO-t-You rself CLASSIFIED DAYS ro RUN To order classifieds, use the D form below. Mail it with remit(consecutive) tance to: Alligator Classifieds, 0 1 day Room 330 Reitz Union, Gaines0 2 days vill", Florida 32601. 0 3 days (*10% discount) ,04 days (*10% discount) Orders must be RECEIVED 0 5 days and over 3 days prior to publication. (*20% discount) DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE CLASSIFICATION Count the words, omitting a, an & the. Addresses and phone numbers o for sale count as one word. Minimum charge o for rent is $1.00 for 20 words. For each 3 wanted additional word add 31. Multiply o help wanted the total by number of days the ad O3autos is to run. Subtract the discount 1 personal (if applicable) and enclose a check o lost-found for the remainder. For example, 0 series a 32-word ad to run 4 days costs o services $4.90 ($5.44 less 541). WORDING NAME DA TE STUDE NT # PHO NE ADDRESS .O Cl TY STATE Z P -J. money cannot be refunded if ad IS CancelledFOR RENT AVAILABLE NOW. Cottage, two large bedrooms accomodate four responsible students. Very attractive interior. Panelled living-room. fireplace, dining-room. 11 NE 7th St. 372-0093 or 372-1402. (B-106-5t-p --------ROOMS. AC and CH. 3 blocks from campus. Senior or graduate men or sorority or fraternity groups. Phone 378-8122 or 376-6652. (B-101-lot-p) __-------UNFURNISHED two bedroom one bath house at 1720 NW 7th Place. $95.00 per month. Married couples only. Call 376-5168 or 376-9990. (B-104-5t-p) -------3 BLOCKS from campus. One vacancy in double room for male student. Air conditioned, refrigerator. Rent reasonable. 327 NW 15th Terr. 372-8929, afternoons. (B-103-5t-p) APT. suited for couple or two students located near mail. $75.00 per month, includes electricity and water. Call 378-1776. (B-105-5t-p) --------SUMMER quarter for rent Furnished apt., AC, 2 blocks from campus. $60.00 per month completely remodeled just this year. 306-L, NW 16th St. 376-1596. (B"105-5t-p) ONE AND TWO bedroom furnished apartment, CH/AC, Summer rates. Call Vein Hinson. 378-2558. (8-106-tf-c) OLYMPIA Two bedroom apartment to sublet for 3rd and/or 4th quarters. Call 378-5274. (B-104-4t-p LARGE unfurnished 4 bedroom, 2 bath for family only. Quiet neighborhood. 5 miles from University. Large Yard. $125 monthly. 2144 SE 41 Ave. Call 372-2648 or 376-5849. (B-107-4t-c) 1533-35 NE 5th A. 1 bedroom Apt. Furnished and air conditioned. 5 blocks from campus. Available immedletely. Call 376-8475 or 376-1065. (B-107-5t-p) BEAUTIFULLY furnished Apt. across from University. Central Heat and Air. Wall to wall carpeting, complete electric kitchen. 1236 SW 4th Ave. Apt. 3.378-5278. $135.00 monthly. (B-107-3t-p FOR RENT: Garag-2 car, can be rented single or double for car, storage, etc. 1840 NW 2 Ave. 378-4646. (B-108-lt-p) -------SUBLEASE Efficiency Apt. Modern, AC, near Campus, $70.00 per month. Available immediately. 378-5438. 1222 NW 8th Ave. Apt. 10. (B-108-5t-p) GRADUATE LAW STUDENT will share comfortable suite 0* air conditioned roms (with bath and refrigerator) with quiet gentleman at 321 SW 13th St. across from campus. (B-108-it-p) 1 BR furn. apts. Heat-AC. Private Patio. 376-1546. (B-10-3t-c) 3 BIG FEATURES IN COLOR ii NO.1 THIS IS TRUE AS IT TOOK PLACE Hold Over! open 6:45 DURING SPRING VACATIONTHE SCENES ARE REAL-MAYBE YOU Feature at 7:20 & 11:00 OR YOUR FRIENDS ARE IN THIS Irs NOT WmOYoumco. PICTURE. A MUST SEE PICTURE. irs HOw YOU oo iT' PRUL AEW ROM TECHNICOLOR' Cofeature at 9:20 P -wt11j;;~~a FoxaNO. 2 HURRY SUNDOWN Faye Dunaway, N0, -TWO FOR THEROD"A.Hepburff -m FOR RENT WANTED EXTRA large, new 2 br. furnished MALE roomate wanted: Frederick apt. Cent. Heat-AC. Full Kitchen, Gardes Apts. AC, Pool, Cable T.V. no park or noise problems. Only $88.75 for Entire spring 376-1546. (B-108-3t-c) Q u arter. Call 378-2967. (C-107-St-p) BRAND NEW extra lar ofurn. 1 BR ONE OR TW o moale roommate apt. Cent. Heat-AC. Full carpet, wanted to share large 2 bdrm Luxury large kitchen, private patio, Gatortown Apt. Immediate compartmented bth. 376-1546. occupancy. Contact Chris. (B-108-3t-c) 378-1226.(C-107-5t-p) ------------------3 Bedroom furnished house, Air ONE OR TWO male roommates Conditioned, 1% baths living room, immediately for French Quarter Apt. dining room, 2 garages, nice trees. No 55. Prefer students intending to stay lease required, $145 per mo. 928 NW summer term but not necessary. 1 1 th Ave. Call 372-8818. 378-3449. (C-107-3t-p) (B-108-5t-p) WANT ED HELP WANTED BELLMAN needed part time WANTED: One or two roommates morning and evening shift. Apply: for Landmark immediate occupancy. Mr. O'Neal, Ramada Inn. 376-0516. (C-108-2t-p) (E-108-3t-c) ------------..-.FEMALE roommate to share 2 LUMS RESTAURANT -Desirs bedroom Duplex apt. with 2 girls. p ttm w1and a c 'I 100 yd. from Norman Hall. $29.00 a Must be 21 years of age. Wagsa, Plus month. Air conditioned. Cll Ms e2 er fas aePu 378-525. r(C-t d -good tips. Apply 1621 SW 13th St. 378-5254. C-108-2t-pPhone 376-9408. (E-106-5t-c FEMALE roommate needed immediately for French Quarter p $43.75 plus utilities per month. Call3,5,7,9 Jan, Candy or Pam. 376-7401. Apt. Ill. (C-108-3t-p) OUT 10:35 FEMALE roommate wanted: Age 20-25 to share 2 bedroom furnished block house. $50 mo. Call 372-8901 or 378-8145. (C-108-5t-p) WANTED Student Couple needing a home. Private bath, bedroom and meals in exchange for child care, cooking and housekeeping services. Two lovable daughers, 4 years and first grader attending Littwood. Leave name and number for Professor Beard. 378-3995 or A Royal Films Intemational presentation 376-3211 Ext. 5603. AJEAN-LUCGODA FILM (C-108-3t-p)A JEN-LUC GODARU FILM SPANISH tutor wanted. PhD -Candidate needs help to pass EST exam on April 20. Call 378-8401. (C-108-2t-p) ---------LOOKING for roommate (either sex) to share wild, wood-paneled, 2-bedroom, air conditioned, garage apt. Waer and electricity included in rent. Jim at 372-1574 after 10:00 p.m. (C-106-3t-p)af scn t g FEMALE roommate wanted: to share one room Apt. Acro. street from campus. $37.50 per month. immediate occupancy. Apply 321 SW 13th St. Apt. 2. (C-106-5t-p)l ad ifton 1 female roommate '%oded for 1 bdrm Landmark apartment. Can move In immediately. $70.00 per month. Call 378-2703. (C-107-2t-el ACADEMY AWARD noo~ Eu N NOMINATIONS Spencer SidneyIKathanine S TRACY POITIER HEPBURN s OL 9 4 guess who's COmling tO dnneir 7:30 TENICOLOR .:30 C I k 

PAGE 11

pp HELP WANTED ALACHUA GENERAL HOSPITAL has immediate openings for: Medical Technologist, Maintenance Mechanics. Clerk Typists, Ward Clerks and Registered Nurses. Permanent employment with good working conditions, good starting salaries in all areas. Paid vacations, holidays and sick leave, State Retirement Plan and other fringe benefits. Apply: Personnel Director, 912 SW 4th Avenue. IE-101-10--c) MAKE THE SCENE for a profitable summer. PERFORM as Summer Library Intern in outstanding Florida public library. Enjoy BACKSTAGE view of professionil0library services. Good pay, varied experience for select juniors, seniors. By April 8, get fact sheets, application banks, make interview appointment with State Library representative, University Placement Center, RoomMG-22, Florida Union, Mr. Maurice Mayberry. (E-105-3t-c) EXPERIENCED grill cook wanted part time and also part time Waitresses. Fri.nights, all day Sat. and Sun. Apply Trail Bos. Ponderosa Steak Hose.(E-I07-3t-cl ADVERTISING SALESMAN for the Florida Alligator. Must have car and be available for summer term. Good pay, good working conditions, greet experience. Ad majors preferred. Apply room 330 Reitz Union. (E-106-nc-tf) AUTOS FOR SALE: 1961 Simca. Running condition, good rubber. First $100 takes it. Call 372-1421. Jerri Rm 366. (G-108-It-p) --------1957 CHRYSLER, Auto, P. Brakes, P. Steering, Smooth running second car, $150. 376-6670. (G-108-3t-p) 1961 FAIRLAIN. Perfect body engine and interior. Excellent turnpike car. New tires, $375. Cll 372-9297 3:00-5:30. See at Archer R oad Village Park, Delta Ave. Cottage 9. (G-108-St-p) FOR SALE: 1960 Renault Dauphine. Good condition. $200.00 or best of f er. Call 376-1490. (_-104-5-p_ 1965 LTD. Ford's luxury 4-door Hardtop. Dark Green. White Vinyl Top. Beautiful car. Immaculate condition. Call 376-3968 after 5 or anytime. $1,595.00. (G-104-5-p) 1964 SUNBEAM Alpine Convertable, excellent condition, radio, heater, premium tires, new top, Tonneau cover, must sell. Best Offer. 378-5443 anytime. (G-104-6t-p) STINGRAY Convertable, 1965, excellent condition, full power, AC, AM/FM radio, removable hardtop, 327 engine, 4-speed, 378-5443 anytime. See at Arts Shell Station. (G-104-5t-p) PLYMOUTH Belvedere 1963, V-8, Air Conditioning, Power Steering, Automatic Transmission, -Radio, 4 Door, $695 or best offer, 37-2895. {G-106-3t-p) LEAVING TOWN. Must sell. 63 Bonneville convertible. Power Steering, power brakes, four on floor. Excellent condition. Call 378-386 or Santa Fe Junior College Lbrary 378-5311. (G-106-8t-o) '64 DODGE Dart, Standard Transmiselon. Excellent condition, gas mileage and tires. $650.00. Will bagin. Call Bob, 378-5174, morning, 5 p.m. -6:30 p.m. (G-104-5t-p DEPENDAbLE tranjportetisA.'1966 Ford V-8 eutomatic. Sharp on the outside nesab est covers. Excellent tires. Asking $250.00. Call Jack 378-41M. (G-105-4t-p) 1963 AUSTIN HEALEY "3000" MKI1, New top, Custem interior, roll up windoses, electric oveedrive, Excellent mechanically, Call 372-0763 after 6:00. .............. PERSONAL THREE good-looking male sophomores (Gamma Delta Iota) need attractive gins for dates. Writer: 5960 SW 35th Way (Country Club Estates). (J-108-3t-p) ----------PROJECT GRAY needs volunteers to give recreational and educational assistance to Negro children, If interested meet in Rm 362 or the, Union Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. (J-108-1t-p) MARSHA -Big Sit, Know its pickles and Penn you miss, Happy Birthday. Just the same. Your Bull Pledge, I Remain. (J-108-1t-p) ---------TALENT needed for Gator Gras Minstrel Show, May 10th Variety acts, male singers including bass voice. Contact soonlI Linda 376-9163 or 376-9363, (J-106-3t-p) ---------IS YOUR WIFE working to put you through school? Give her a dignified 8x10 CERTIFICATE OF ACHIEVEMENT on parchment-like paper which honors her contribution. Only $2.25. Wilset Co. Route 2, Concord, N. H. 03301. (J-106-10t-ol---NEW LEFT, Old Liberal, or just Up Tight with the Draft: Beat the Quarter System and get involved. Call the Freedom phone: 378-3711. (J-105-5t-p) ......:::::: .;. LOST & FOUND FOUND one pair of black framed glasses -black case -Inscription "Dr. S. Allen Garden, Miami", Found at Wauburg. Call Dept. of Anatomy. Ext. 5444. (L-108-3t-nc) LOST & FOUND LOST: Nikkorex Zoom 35mm Camera. Brown leather cae. Rewd. Call 376-9906. (L-108-3t-p) ---------FOUND Glasses in Women's room, first floor of Med Science Bld g.about 3 weeks ago. Call 376-7502 after six. (L-107-3t-nc) P E SERVICES PRIVATEART LESSONS in my home studio for "Boys and Gins" 7 to 14 years. 6 lesson $10.00. Call Mrs. M a r t i n 372-7273, (M-108-3t-p) CHILD CARE in home. Monday-Friday. NE section. Play room, fenced yard with ewinge Lunch and snacks. $10.00 per week. 376-8523. (M-106-3t-p) REGISTERED NURSES WANTED: Five days on duty, two days off; no rotating or split shifts, annual leave, state retirement, etc. Please contact the Director of Nurs or Personnel office, Suniand Training Center, Gainesville, Florida. (M-105-5t-p) --------ALT ERNATORS-GENERATORSSTARTERS -Electrical syslema tested repairs. Auto Electric Service -603 SE Second Street. 378-7330. (M-101-tf-c) INCOME TAX RETURNS .$4.00 -up. SPECIAL rates for Univ. Students, Faculty and employees. At REbel Discount, 1227 W. Univ. Ave. 376-7430, 378-6127, across from Wolfis. (M-101-15t-p) I GOT RESULTS WITH GATOR CLASSIFIEDS I I McGriff recently replaced SG Secretary of Interior John Hotaling as manager of the Exchange. Totaling assumed his duties as Secretary of Interior saying the Exchange is only a function of his department, the Department of Interior. McGriff, the new manager, stated that only about $250 had been distributed to students by The Exchange now has enough books to cover four displaysized tables, but McGriff is not optimistic about selling them. "We just don't think that any more books will be sold, this being the second week of the quarter," said McGriff. The Student Book Exchange concludes its operation Friday at 5 p.m. AFTER YOU LEAVE THE BOOKSTORES? The object of every mistake is not to make it TWICE! We Sell At Prices TheBookstores Couldn't. *We Buy At Prices The Bookstores Wouldn't STUDENT GOVERNMENT BOOK EXCHANGE REITZ UNION COLONADE THROUGH FRIDAY APRIL 5 ....M N n maw.-8-4r of i GA R CLAS.SIFIEDS Wednesday, April 3,1968, The Florida Alligator, Page 11 .1 WHAT'S HA PPENING I By DAVID CHAIN Alligator Staff Writer IN GAY OF GAYNESSVILLE: "The Tragic: a Phenomenological Approach" is the title of a lecture to be given by Professor Raymond Gay at a meeting of the Language and Literature Club in room 103B of the Architecture and Fine Arts Building at 8:15 tonight. FOR UF SYMPHOMANIACS: Those crazy about symphonic music can hear Richard Bowles conduct the UF Symphonic Band in the Plaza of the Americas at 6:45.tonight. IN WAR AND PEACE: The Board of Student Publications, fresh from its wars for autonomy, will meet in room 316 of the union tonight at 7:30 p.m. The Student Peace Union (which has, come to think of it, disagreed with certain student publications in the past on one or two points) will sit-in room 349 of the union at 8 tonight. IN FATHERS AND SONS: Circle K, a club sponsored by Kiwanis International, will meet with one of its "parents," the Kiwanis Club of Gainesville, tonight at 7 p.m. in room 357 of the union. IN CLOSING THE CREDIBILITY GAP: Dialogue, Florida Blue Key's committee for better student-administration communication, commutes into rooms 355 and 356 of the union at 7:30 tonight. IN THOSE WHO PROBABLY WENT TO THE KENNEDY RALLY AND MADE FACES AT THE SPEAKERS: The Young Republican Club meets in room 346 and 347 of the union tonight at 8. IN ANKORS AWAY: "The Lost City of Ankor" and "Sienna"' are the two movies being shown in room 105B of the Architecture and Fine Arts Building tonight. (No time available.) IN TABLE ETIQUETTE AMONG THE CIVILIZED: The members of the American Civilization Seminar get to show off their manners at a dinner meeting at 6:45 tonight. IN THOSE WHO NO DOUBT HAVE CAVERNOUS APPETITES: The Florida Speleological Society meets in room 361 of the union at 7 tonight. 1500 Books Changed Hands During Sale Five hundred andthirty dollars 5'p.m. Monday following a full worth of books changedhandsand week of Exchange operation. He 1500 books were collected last said the remaining students who week at the Student Government brought books to the Exchange to sponsored Student Book Exchange be sold should stop at the Reitz on the Reitz Union Terrace, acUnion Terrace from 12 noon cording to David McGriff, book until 5 p.m. through Friday exchange manager. to pick up their money. 

PAGE 12

Page 12, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 3, 1968 Orange ADDRESS ALL CAMPUS CALENDAR NOTICES TO PUBLIC FUNCTIONS OFFICE, FLORIDA UNION BLUE BULLETIN CAMPUS CALENDAR Wednesday, April 3 U of F Symphonic Band: twilight concert, Plaza of the Americas, 6:45 p.m. Circle K: Meeting, 357 Union, 7 p.m. Fla. Speleological Society: meeting, 361 Union, 7 p.m. Delta Sigma Pi: spring smoker, 122 Union, 7:30 p.-m. Kiwanis of Gainesville: meeting, 357 Union, 7:30 p.m. AIA Film Series: "Sienna" and "The Lost City of Ankor," 105 B AFA, 7:30 p.m. Young Republicans: meeting, 346 Union, 8 p.m. Language and Literature Club: Prof. Raymond Gay-Crosier, ''The Tragic: A Phen omen ological Approach," 103B AFA, 8:15 p.m. Thursday, April 4 Baptist Student Center: fellowship supper, 1604 W. Univ. Ave., 5:30 p.m. Everyone welcome Christian Science: testimony meeting, 357 Union, 7 p.m. Latin American Club: general meeting, 2 McC, 7:30 p.m. LE.E.E.: Meeting, 310 Elec. Eng. Bldg. South, 7:30 p.m. Fair Plans and Policy Accent: Ralph Nader and Gov. Claude Kirk, Fla. Gym., 8 p.m. Young Americans for Freedom: business meeting, Union 150 B, 8 p.m. College of Education: Robert Chin, "On Mating Change Programs with Idea Models in Education," Norman Aud., 8:30 p.m. Friday, April 5 Engineering Science Seminar: Dr. F. Zeigler, "Stochastic Problems in Thermoelasticity," 211 Mech. Eng. Bldg., 4 p.m. Engineer's Fair, Engineering Complex, 5 p.m. Union Movie: "From Here to Eternity," Union Aud., 7 & 9:15 p.m. Fla. Folk Dancers: dancing, 214 Fla. Gym., 8 p.m. Accent: Harry Golden and James J. Kilpatrick, Fla. Gym, 8 p.m. UNION BOX OFFICE Tickets are now on sale for Florida Players production of "Luther," Students 25 cents, children and high school 75 cents, faculty, staff and General admission $1.50; the Beach Boys, $2.50/person; Albert Fuller, harpsichordist (replacing R enaissance Quartet) Students 50 cents, faculty and staff, $1.00, general admission, $2.00; and the Golden Crown Races in Fernandina Beach, $5.00 for a weekend pass. ADMI NISTRATIVE NOTICES GRADUATE COUNCIL MEETING POSTPONED: The meeting of the Graduate Council scheduled for Thursday, April 4, has been changed to Thursday, April 11, at 1:30 p.m. in Room 235 Tigert Hall. GENERAL NOTICES EASTER EGG HUNT for children, sponsored by Business Administration Dames, will be held Saturday, April 6, 2-4 p.m., at Perry House, 2300 Newberry Road. Bring your own baskets. Free Icees will be supplied by Gainesville Icee Corp. FELLOWSHIP SUPPER will be held at the Baptist Student Center Thursday, at 5:30 p.m. Anyone interested may sign up by noon Thursday at the Baptist Student Center. PAINTING FOR FUN will be held on Thursdays, April 1-May 16, from 7-9:30 p.m. in Room 118, Reitz Union. Mrs. Gladys Johns will be instructor. The media is collages using paper and other materials. To register, contact Room 310, Program Office, Reitz Union. Telephone 376-3261, Ext. 2741. VOLUNTEERS NEEDED FOR ENGLISH IN ACTION to meet each week with a person from other lands for English conversation practice one or two hours on Mondays and Wednesdays from 4-8 p.m. at the Baptist Student Center, 1604 W. University Ave. GATOR GRAS needs talent for its Iinstrel show. Anyone interested contact Linda at 376-9163. DIALOGUE program sponsored by Florida Blue Key will be held April 3, 1968, at 7:30 p.m., in Rooms 355-356, Reitz Union. On-campus and off-campus housing policies and problems will be discussed. Panel members will include: Dr. Riker, Director of Housing; John McCoy, Vice President of Gainesville Apartment Owners' Association; Carl Opp, Director of Off-Campus Housing, and Dean Mott, Assistant Dean of Men. There will be no charge and students are invited to participate. PLACEMENT NOTICES Students must be registered with the Placement Service to interview. Sign-up sheets are posted two weeks in advance of the interview date at the J. WAYNE REITZ UNION Room 22. Ali companies will be recruiting for June and August graduates unless indicated otherwise. APRIL 5: FREMONT UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT. Education HUMBLE OIL COMPANY. APRIL 8: PROBATION AND PAROI.J COMMISSION. All majors. Must be U.S. citizen. RICH'S, INC. Lib.Arts, Bus., Mktg., Mgt., Eco. Must be U.S. citizen. LEGISLATIVE AUDITOR'S OFFICE. Acctg. Must be U.S. citizen. UNITED AIR LINES. WESTINGHOUSE ELECTRIC CORPORATION. All majors. Must be U.S. citizen. ft., V1""5b "' 5'"5r+ 5do *'' 5'"5 n' b5 rim '5 rlrm 5'' elmY'"'"' 5 5 P' &'.5'.5 15 1'.1'.5 .5. Don't be a -CREEIDISH FRAM Your Mail to: Seminole, 330 Reitz Union Se m in oleAddress: N OW E nclosed is a check for $ $5 per copy .o *.*.~a~4'~4.4. .b 4.4. .1~h-aMoney in Savings by thelth.ow Earns interest from the ist 0*5 1/4 % per year dividend credited semi-annually 0 Minimum dividend earning account only $5.00!!j q AServing the full-time employees of the U of F an ~ members of their families since 1935. GAINESVILLE FLORIDA CAMPUS FEDERAL CREDIT UNION 0 5th Avenue at'the corner of 12th Street. Hours: 8:00 a.m. -3:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. and 4~. 4+ 4+ 4+ * 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ I I 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ f 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ a. 

PAGE 13

Wednesday, April 3, 1968, te Florida Alligator, Page 13 "What I like about IBM is the autonomy. I run my department pretty much as though it were my own business' "Tell some people you work for a big company and right away they picture rows of gray steel desks w ith everybody wearing identical neckties. "Well, that's the stereotype. When you look at the reality, things are a lot different. (This is Gene Hodge, B.S.E.E., an IBM Manager in Development Engineering.) "IBM has over 300 locations. They believe in decentralization, and they delegate the authority to go with it. To me, it's more like a lot of little companies than one big one. "Take my own situation, for example. I act as a kind of entrepreneur for my department. I decidee if we should bid on certain government contracts for my group. I also decide the proposal strategy and come lip with all the facts we need to set a bid price. Of course, Lipper management reviews my decisions, but to a great extent I run my own show. "Another thing that makes this like a small company is the close relationship with your boss. You're almost always hired by the manager you're going to report to. And you work for him on your own or in a small team. It's part of his job to know your long term goals and help you reach them. "'his same interest in the individual also shows lip in IBM's educational programs. I'm getting my Master's now, and IBM's paying the entire cost, and some of the class time is on company time. It makes it a lot easier to get your advanced degree.' Gene's comments cover only a small part of the IBM story. For more facts, visit your campus placement office. Or send an outline of your career interests and educational background to C. F. Cammack, IBM Corporation, Dept. C, 1447 Peachtree St., N.E., Rm. 810, Atlanta, Ga. 30309. We're an equal opportunity employer. /5. RA nn,x;4j101 

PAGE 14

Page 14, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 3, 1968 Theater Review: Asolo Theater 'The Best In North America'? By JOE TORCHIA Enlertasnment Editor "There are two theatres in North America where one feels that it is worth the price of admission simply to enter and be seated. One is the Stratford, Ontario, Festival Theatre, and the other is the Asolo Theater in Sarasota," said Henry Hewes in the Saturday Review. It is impossible for this reviewer to disagree. While visiting Sarasota over the recent quarter break, this reviewer saw two of the five shows now being alternatelyperformed at the Asolo Festival -both were of such high calibre that the only regretthis reviewer had was that he could not stay for the remaining three. The five shows now being performed are Shakespeare's"Henry IV, Part I," Goldoni's "'The Servant of Two Masters," Moliere's 'Tartuffe," MacLeish's J.B." and Osborne's "Look Back In Anger." probably best, of the five plays is "Look Back In Anger," the play which linked Osborne with the angry young man movement when it zoomed onto the stage 12 years ago. Jimmy "Anger" is basically about Jimmy Porter -an angry young man who is reaching out for something, anything, and in the process wants those surrounding him to understand him. What Jimmy doesn't realize is that other people are reaching out, too -and he doesn't understand them. It is this lack of understanding, especially on the part of Jimmy, which provides most of the action (visible and otherwise) in this play. The three other characters (Jimmy's wife Allison; his best friend Cliff; his wife's friend, Helena) react in terms of Jimmy reacting -and without a strong, convincing Jimmy, "Look Back In Anger" would not be worth looking back at. Robert Britton is an exciting Jim my -he gives the audience a sort of sensitive insensitivity, making Jimmy a likeable character (which is as it should be). Stuffed Jimmy Porter is a stuffed animal caught in some kind of trap -and he doesn't try to escape (he knows he can't) but only cries out in agony. And when Mr. Britton cries out, the fat lady in the back row hears it ...and shudders. His painful gestures, his beautiful angst, his newspaper-gray groping is grandiose. Equally fascinating is Jimmy's wife Charlotte Moore, the woman whose upper-class upbringing is hated by Jimmy, in spite of the fact thai he married her for it. The trouble with Jimmy is that he's an educated man -and he shouldn't be. 4~e was, bori 40 or 50 years too late to .be satisled with his station in life ... sohe takes it out on Allison, the woman ho Is perhaps too willing to accept the station Jimmy won't. Osborne draws a parallel between Jimmy and Allison with two stuffed animals, a squirrel and a "Look Back In Anger's" Cost: (Left To Right) Anthony Heald, Robert Britton, Polly Holliday, Charlotte Moore. bear, which rest on the Porters' bed. When Allison leaves Jimmy in the second act, she takes both of them with her -she decides not to separate the bear and the squirrel, an obvious indication that she will be back. She can't leave. She won't stay gone. Miss Moore is a convincing combination of the determined ._-and mixed-up -she accepts Jimmy's vented venom with the right proportion of hurt and honor. Her last speech, at the end of act three, is especially shattering. Language Osborne's people listen to each other, but they speak a different language. This is best conveyed by Helena, Allison's best friend who lives with Jimmy when Allison leaves him. She lives with Jimmy, she even loves Jimmy, but she doesn't communicate with him and is totally incapable of understanding him. She's marvellous, and she's played very convincingly by Polly Holliday, an Asolo veteran. Completing the foursome is Anthony Heald, who underplays the part of Cliff as well as Britton plays the part of Jimmy (if not better). Cliff is trying to find himself in terms of Jimmy (and his relationship with Allison) and does an especially noteworthy job of not succeeding. Mr. Heald possesses a sort of Alan Bates-ish quality which is extremely refreshing to see on the stage nowadays. His easy, mild, yet very convincing manner is simply marvellous. His smoothness gives "Anger" the polished touch which makes it the second best play this reviewer has seen to date. Failure The only failure of "Anger," which must be mentioned, lies with the playwright, and not the exceptional acting and unusually PRIMROSE INN Finest Food Superb Service Attractive Atmosphere Private Parties Cocktails Practical Prices 214 W. University Ave. Phone 376-8472 lost youiR Contact? catoR Abs mAkeContacts! competent direction. "Anger" in style is naturalistic -it might be called a Twentieth Century ironing board tragedy, filled with provocation, quarrel, the middle class and ironing boards. It follows beautifully in the line of Chekhov and Strindberg, yet it betrays itself in the final scene. In the final scene between Jimmy and Allison, Osborne gives us an all-too-obvious glimmer of hope -which makes it blatantly dishonest in terms of style set up by naturalism. If the final scene is indicative of a true reunion, then why should we see hope? Allison's back, things aren't going to change, they're going to continue their miserable existence, so why should we be at all hopeful? Jimmy has no character change, and the end is inconsistent. But "Look Back In Anger"p is still a marvelous production -go to Sarasota and see it. (See tomorrow's Alligator for guest reviewer William Perley's review of Goldoni's "The Servant of Two Masters.") Ingl~ish rather,@ For men who want to be where the action is, Very racy. Very masculine. ALL-PURPOSE LOTION. $2.50, $4.00, $6.50. From the complete array of ENGLISH LEATHER men's toiletries. ****ww**w**wwwwwwwww* PUT IT THERE? Who soft-landed the U.S. moon-pictore machine? Congress? The Arnv? No, the Govcrnment contracted for the job with investor-own d companies. But who master-minded the projcTt? The Government? No, that, too, was "farmed ont" to one of the nation's biggest manufacturers. Given the go-ahead, U.S. industry caught op and moved ahead in the space sciences ..with the entire world witnessing its failures as well as its successes. And all the while delivering an incredible bounty for the folks at home and the needy abroad. Government contracting with business works so well that it's the newsstrend for state governments-even in welfare work. Costs less, too. Investor-owned electric utilities also cost citizens less than federalized power systems. And .wheis you have to slios'.&niihs and pay taxes while keeping the cost-of electricity trending lown, you have to find better wasto do things. F/orida's Electric Companies -Taxpaying, Investor-owned FLORIDA POWER & LIGHT COMPANY e GULF POWER COMPANY FLORIDA POWER CORPORATION TAMPA ELECTRIC COMPANY *** **** ********* ** * ** Awffiist Movie Contest Movie Critics Arise! For those who like to pick movies. .. apart, here is your chance. The State theatre and The Record Bar are giving away a tape recorder, movie passes and record albums in the First Annual World's Worst Movie Awards contest. Classifications include Worst Picture, Awfulest Actor, Most Atrocious Actress, Lousiest Director and Stinkingest Screenplay. Entries can be picked up at the State theatre, The Record Bar or the Pickwick Theatre, London. Youdo not have to be present or even sane to win. Judges will be Jim Camp, Sun entertainment Editor, Joe Torchia, Alligator Feature Editor, Hank Farben, Bon Vivant and Man About Town. In case of a tie, the parties will fight for the prizes. The judges' decisions, while not necessarily correct, are still final. Car iBffsdo i A A. AL AA--A-A-AA--A--A -L A li I I&ga 

PAGE 15

UF's Lir By MARC DUNN AWigatOr Staff Writer UF football team will be without the services of Wayne Mccall this fall but linebacker David Mann will replace him. Mann, a transfer student from NE Oklahoma Jr. College, had an exceptional junior year for the Gators. He will be starting at linebacker this fall. The Gator linebackers are specialized; the running game Is covered by the strong side linebacker and the pass coverage is handled by the weak side linebacker. The strong side player is bigger than the weak side player but not as fast. The weak side must cover the pass receivers. Accoraing the Assistant Head coach Gene Ellenson, Mann is capable of playing either side equally as well. Man at 6'2', 210 lbs., is big and fast. "David (Mann) does everything we want a linebacker to do," said Head Coach Ray Graves. "He is avicious tackler, always hunting the ball carrier up, and has the speed to cover the pass receivers going deep." Intramural Softball Goes Intramural softball batted Its way into the Intramural picture Monday as the Law League started the action. The Blackacres started the season with a narrow 10-9 win over the Nads. Harvey Baxter, the pitcher, led the Blackacres with a single and a homerun. Bob Leventhal led the losers, and all hitters with two homers. Berg's Balls belted the DT's as Rick Perillo led all hitters with two homeruns. The Balls, behind 4-0 after three innings, bullied over four runs in each of the last two innings to win 8-4. Team I behind the strength of a seven-run third inning beat the Deadlegs 8-4. In other league action, the Bali Busters busted the K-Nines 7-6 with three big homeruns, two of them coming in a three run second inning. The Clowns defeated the Bullmooses 6-3, with the aid of five errors by the Bullmooses. The Harmless Errors erred in their failure to appear In a forfeit to Mandy's marauders. Good grief, I wish he'd never heard about togetherness Wednesday, April 3, 1968, The Florida Alligator, Page 15 ebackers Specialized Speed The weak side is being held The white team, third string, "Mike (Palabach) did well on down by Mike Kelley, a 6'2" has Mike Palahach, a 6', 190 the white team in scrimmage, 209 lb. sophomore who had an lb. junior, and Ronald Essmann, but hasn't shown that he is ready outstanding year last season on a 5'11",197 lb. sophomore. Palayet. Essmann may be able to the freshman team. Kelley has the hach started last season behind help," said Ellenson. size and speed, but lacks exMcCall but due to an injury be The third team also has Wayne perience as a varsity player. was slowed up. Essmann played Compton, a junior who has been fullback on the freshman team red shirted. Comption, at 6'2", Playing behind Mann is Tom but was a linebacker in high 198 lbs., is playing the strong Abdelnour, a 59, 191ob. junior.ide. Abdelnour played a great deal the second half of last season; he is a returning letterman. His size makes it necessary that he play the strong side "We think a lot of Abdelnour. He is too good to be playing second teamwe mayend upplaying him on the strong side and starting Mann on the weak side," Ellenson said. Donnie Williams, a sophomore who started spring practice at end, is playing the weak side behind Kelley Williams, 6', 210 lbs., was a strong side linebacker on last year's freshman team. "This is the first time that we have had boys two deep and all over 200 pounds at our linebacker positions. We are better off than we have been in this area." Ellenson said. Z Q4AtOi abs M-?.6CContacts! POStRsLOW-UPS POSTER BLWW-UPS: Fro t i P oter Plase -Pel yourself DAVID MANN on a 20" x 2W1 poster for j~ut $4.W8. Se@pWoWNa" aie, any s jsot wie .return address and OWN or Mey ord Bill McBride has been switched 9Wr $4.98 to: ROBERT R. FAVONTE PDODUCIIOI, P.O. back to offensive team at fullBox 10306, Jacksonvi. Flori 20. Pm retel of phet. back and Donnie Williamson was a poter,moey bac giarastee. 'Yey're greatill moved to strong safety. 5 GALS. WH LUfE JiOIL FILTER CHANGE Don't miss tomorrow's spring fashion edition! SOUTHSIDE SUNOCO 246SW 13 Ss T7he CPA a."qcuiet revolutionary. ..~~. In the last few years business has .changed as much as skirt lengths. So has the work of the CPA. ofToday the CPA helps solve a host of problems rising from new technol-.x.~. ogy (including the computer) and the -. ^ changing social scene. He must be able to develop and interpret a wide range of economic data as a basis for decision-making .-. and corporate planning. If you are a creative thinker, with .a strong analytical ability, accountancy may be the profession for you. You might join an independent accounting firm, serving a varied list of clients, perhaps becoming a partner eventually. Or you might start your own practice. Or you might become a key man on the management team of a business, or join a non-profit enterprise, or work in education or government. What other profession offers so many choices? You can select college courses that can lead to your CPA certificate soon after you graduate. Or you can go on to graduate school. Ask your faculty advisor about it. If you'd like to learn more about the work of a CPA, we'll send you a booklet with tho whole CPA 4tdr'y.' Just drop a card'Or note to: Dept. A10, AICPA, 666 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10019 American Institute of Certified Public Accountants YOU'RE SOMETHING ELSE, CHARLIE BROWN THE NEW, PFANUTS@ CARTOON OOKI by Charles M. Schulz ONLY at your college bookstore RWL mihruibiinsu, h-c ILL A IGO GREEKJ 

PAGE 16

ANN GNCIWG of the fabulous Landmark Apartments. ,Ready for occupancy in September 1968, phase I of the Landmark complex will continue to hove the features whiclihave made the Landmark the most distinguished and desired address in Gainesville. Phase I will be comprised of 94 total electric units featuring underground residential distribution coordinated by your Gainesville Utilities. These units will contain electric range, refrigerator, garbage disposal, dish washer and "quick recovery" water heater -all served by dependable, flameless electric energy and supplied by General Electric. In addition the new units will be comfort controlled for heating and cooling by flameless electrically operated waterto-air heat pumps. 0 An additional large swimming pool with special cold deck patio around the deck. Study rooms 0 Private Patios Convenient to U of F, Health Clinic and VA Hospital Convenient to Restaurants and shopping 0 Townhouse design *Wall to wall carpeting Full both upstairs, half bath downstairs Maid service Available with one or two bedrooms, furnished or unfurnished 0 Patio grillsin the courtyards *Ornamental gas lighting pp ice being 'Ii. 3xii ns are APPLICATION NAME. accepted ADDRESS. PHONE. PREFERENCE will be given to those applications which are accompanied with N O W $100 good faith deposit. THE. ALL ELECTRIC APPLIANCES BY L RARKz 1111 S.W. 16th AVENUE 372-6535 A MAJOR BREAKTHROUGH. in comfort and convenience has been incorporated in Landmark's Phase II -a combined gymnasium, Sauna bath and club room. The gymnasium, modern in styling, equipment and convenience -the Sauna bath, as you would expect -luxurious steamy atmosphere with lots of room -the club room, equipped with a bar, card tables -and large enough for use for private parties. The gymnasium-unit is just another of the fabulous and thoughtful features that have been designed into the Landmark Phase II and will be your's to use as a tenant. .-. I r db M ml m 
