
PAGE 1

ot 8 ] d a IQ-I I A ~I O 8 eq*~~ : 19 7j4 to 1*-' C31 -0-' 'c 9. tq~ 00 *' w e 0 ~j ala % c i Mon .9U) -cli IA MO C 0 0 40 I I0 0 8 k 0 g1 oo %* LL cii jie 4 C I 40I j I i 

PAGE 2

-Lebanon U.S.fears fight will lead to Mid-East wa WASHINGTON (UPI) -The United States, apparently fearing Lebanon's civil strife might spark a Middle East war, sent a special envoy to Beirut Wednesday and stationed a naval task force offshore to evacuate Americans f necessary. The White House denied there were any plans for U.S. military involvement in Lebanon and other officials took pains to describe the various U.S. steps, for the record, as routine, precautionary measures. shooter, as direct U.S. effort to inter diplomatically in the crisis. But officials told UPI Kissinger dec the time had come for the United Stat try direct medication. They said three fa convinced Kissinger to take the step: *The Syrian cease-fire initiative se to have lost any chance for success wi outsid; assistance. 9 Lebanon has slipped close to ana in these circumstances, Syriam BUT SOME U.S. OFMCIAlS told UPI intervene militarily, Israel would al prWfatsly theyregard the sudden dispatch of surely retaliate and a general Middle Dean-Brown, a veteran Middle East trouble war would ensue. STh Night vene 2 5C J. ESS cided es to All mixed dfinks 25C emed 8 ($unti ingt thout Bonc by ad ."1 rchy. wt MS~ might ** smost east Reagan Blasts Ford's policies during television speech WASHINGTON [UPI -Ronald Reagan harshly attacked President Ford's .domestic and foreign policies in a nationwide television address Wednesday that marked a sharp shift in his campaign strategy for the Republican presidential nomination. Reagan said that because of Ford's-foreign police 'our nation is in danger, and the danger grows greater with each passing day." AND HE CHARGED that Ford's claims of a solid economic recovery echoed the claims made before the 1972 election and added "then, the roof fell in." Reagan's 30-minute speech, carried live by NBC at an estimated cost of about $100,000, was a'composite of the increasingly tough attacks that the former California Dateline: New York prepares for transit strike. NEW YORK [UPI] -Millions of New Yorkers, s wise from years of one crisis after another,.checked out walking shoes and bicycles Wednesday as the city te. toward a midnight bus and subway strike deadline. San Francisco cable cars hit by strike SAN FRANCISCO (UP!] -Thousands of city workers went on strike Wednesday, cutting off most public transportation and defying a votesa-mandated pay limitation that would block wage raises including a boost to $19,000 a year for street sweepers. The vast transit s. stem of cable cars, trolleys and buses came to a standstill. Water works and sewage plants went on emergency staffing with supervisory personnel. Crime of century surpassed in heist MONTREAL [UPI] -A military-style Brinks armored truck hijack netted thieves nearly $3 million cash and olympic coins -the biggest cash robbery haul in North American history, it was disclosed Wednesday. The hijack more than doubled the $1.218 million in cash taken in the famed 1950 raid on the Brinks offices in Bosto". Mass., and also topped the total of $2.77 millionin ti robbery. Today's weather, Clearing and eaie weathea sta p for today after last night's thunesh-ers. The joar to be near 50 tonIght and the high to be in the low 70s. Northerly winds up to 20 miles per hour. Rain chance dropping *frm 80 per eent. The weekend weather Fair and cool weather is ama for Friday with tIM low tempuraturetobeinthe4sandfthehghInthe 70. But fa and warmer weather is seen for the weekend, making It Mt a mal lena. J Governor mounted against Ford in recent primaries. BUT THE SPEECH RAISED no major new issues nor did it give any indication of Reagan's future campaign plans. And despite his well-known financial straits -the campaign is belived to be about half a million dollars in debt -Reagan made no open plea for money to keep his conservative crusade on the road. Reagan, a master of the television medium, shut down his campaign for a full week to concentrate on the speech and virtually ceded next week's Wisconsin primary to Ford. He is expected to resume his active campaigning in advance -of the Texas primary May 1 and a string of Southern primaries in the following week. Team sters Talks hurried* to deadline ARUNGTON DEGHTS, iL. [UPI] -Teamsters and trucking industry negotiators, with Labor Secretary W.J. User sitting in, raced against the midnight deadline of a crippling nationwide strike Wednesday. As the deadline neared, truck depots in Chicago reported vehicles were comingin and going out empty-an indication the drivers expected a strike, in Pennsylvania, Gov. Miltoi Shapp said all National Guard personel have been told tha may be ordered to report for duty in the event of a strike. Shapp said that Guardsmen would be used to keep th peace and deliver essential supplies. All Pennsylvania State Police troop commanders also were alerted. LOu-lan Gets second chance to die TRENTON, N.J. [UIl--The New Jersey Supreme Court Wednesday granted the fainly of 22-year-old Karen Ann Qulan, who has lain comatosefor moethan a year, another chance-totryto persade doeteestoresnove her respirator in a pr -eetatng "right to die" ease. The seven-member ourt ruled unanimosy that the lfe sustaflnlag9eplrator 'nisOt be withdrawn if a team of wt a#WV4 ow*Wthere was so kim bw n~erpreifut 46ecmatos. e M gn --' Th ourt" also s thetewei apeiui0 or Habllty forremoval of-the mespha~rdteNt is theft slskm. in addi"ii, 0 urtpp ta0 Kar3'5 fatmhe ueph, hr peraimal guardian wftihpwer ti choose the do xs who wN treat br and akSe th de ism. v Just ArrivgdPolari r 0 Pronto! The new Polaroid camerafor SX-70 pictures. Beautiful color pictures develop before your eyes in minutes. Takes pictures from 3' to inf inity outdoors, 3' to 12' with flash. Fits comfortably in the palm of your hand. Hangs easily around your neck. Weighs only 16 ounces. 0 Uses convenient 10-shot FlashBar. Regular Retail $66.00 IMPERIAL HOUSE PRICE $49.097 Fine Furnlture;< Gifts and JeweIry Store hours: Mon. &Fri. (9.30A.M.-9P.M.) Tues., Wed., Thurs,Sat.-0A.M. -600P.M.) Sunday -(CLOSEQ) 4101 South Ma Nt_" e lo, t FL 3yl7616 The ean dg 8 4eOAs s a pee a common" incmpmeads .0 ia a lvetimestY ap June, J .d w PWe1 dl w osrag Gdis vNvim. I t~oiv*Ni*. W" f n dwaw it -ulsu Om on e rOr nu'u5ca .direct mediation -p dw ad 91 

PAGE 3

CSEF petitions for election By TOM JULIN Alligator Staff Writer Following in the footsteps of the United Faculty of Florida (UFF), the Career Service Employes Federation (CSEF) said Tuesday it has collected almost 3,000 signatures in a drive for collective bargaining election. CSEF President Andy Banks said his organization has taken three weeks to collect the authorization cards and expects to reach its goal of 5,000 signatures in the next several weeks. THE CARDSthenwillbeturned overto the Public Employes Relations Commission (PERC) for certification, Banks said. CSEF, an affiliate of the Florida Education Association/ United, will ask PERC to name-all career service employes in the State University System as the bargaininunit. Local CSEF President Joseph Driggers said the Department of Administration currently favors separate bargaining units for each section of employes (electricians, cafeteria workersetc.) on a statewide basis. DRIGGERS SAID CSEF does not want this type of unit bemsuse career serviceemployes in theaniversity system have moreincommonwitheachotherthan does any one sector of employes spread across the state at different institutiont. "An electrician in the university system has more in common ithother workers in the university system than with elaetians at a prison for example," Driggers said. The bargaining unit proposed by CSEF would contain approximately 14,000 employes. Tocall for an electionaunionmusthave signature cards from at least 30 per cent (appoximately 4,500) of the members of the unit. Subcommittee grants FAS faculty raises A 9.6 per cent salary raise ammounting to almost 52,000 -for all Institute of Food and Apiessitural Sciences (IFAS) faculty mabers was approved Wednesday by the Senate Ways .aI~iato~zhs~I' t d A I ..I I ., L. and Means Subcommitee for Higher Education Appropriations. The raise would be in addition to any other increases receivedby university professors if approved by the legislature. The raise would bring IFAS faculty salaries in line with other UF faculty and help stop the loss of high quality professors to other universities, Vice President for Agricultural .Affairs Kennith Tefertiller said. OTHER UF FACULTY salaries were almost $2,00higher thanlFAS professors for corresponding positions, Tefertiller said. The disparity has been the source of a growing morale problem and was a major cause behind the resignation rate doubling at IFAS over the past year, he said. Tefertiller still could not be sure the raises would completely stop the loss of faculty. "I don't know what the full impact of this will be, but I'm sure it will have a positive impact," he said. The legislative action was encouraging because it showed legislators were willing to alleviate inequities in the university system, he said. Luxury taxes may fund public schools. House SpeakerDonTucker hai promised toendorsehigher cigarette and liquor taxes to help fund Florida's public schools. Although it is unclearifstateuniversities would receive money from the additional taxes, Deputy Comasisioner of Edueation Peft Millet said "public schools include unimveites" The taxes would raise revenues needed to fund increased educational costs including salary hikes. TO MEET additional fundin;needs, state Reps. Richard Hodes, chairman of the House Education Comittee, and Bill Andrews, have filed bills caring for increases in cigarette and liquor taxes which would produce $110 million. While Tocker is endorsing the committee's recommendations, other legislators are not -making chances for any extra taxes slim. Senate President Dempsey Barron is against any. tax ineaesas isState Rep. Bob Saunders of Oainesviile. "I AM NOT convinced we are unable to fund educationwtAout additional funds," Saunders said in opposing the bills. Gov. Reubin Askew has said he would veto any to increase other than the 2.8 Cents per gaRoninCrease in gasolinetax he is support"ag, FI Ih Cxt Resh woweFish 2/1* .adimaw. Leedise.W Mil~kde S/. Uc& Meshed hawablad. Se Ctempiwmbpda F-,mm IN:HNW.D 51 -I Make '76 You r Year To Learn-A Craft We can help you with: Mepgess Needleeraft Decesge. Cros Stitch Peple Teip Crewel Quiting COUted Cross tdy Tole Peintig -W6tch Hoo Rgs Country Carving Afgh Also ,Over75 Different "How to" Books & Classe tool craft supples needlework 3722 Newberry Road Open 104 SAMS( Over, 1 ,OOOstud4 have volunteered' year, why don't Volunteer Reoruit & Orientation Me TUESDAY APRIL 7:30 PM MCCARTY AUDIO (Behind McCarthy Hall) For more info contact the SAMSON office at 392-1608 Day or Nigbt (308 Reitz Union) ThinkingAbout An Advertising Career? Start It. At T, he Alligator. Adwetnisig serm nod umse then a igrsesdvetnslang-justask your e6uiMel lvahebkpthb55PtP lot *esamslm.s0 'sAsdspr0attha umeay yese werkbg -w soffyseesaweet "=a a week ad hevese Mdveetlu4lOkdrebyamda Idiettate ,, "'wadvording carm. c.isi V 4 sU.s 3s~ Wr S44 Florida iatOr, As U#&nmolksAk mm~ '-, lents, this fou? ment eting 3 UM vwww w ww w ww w ww WW W WW W =W w ww wqw www--w ww w il w "VFW*' -W 7w -I .I -I I I I Tj (, 

PAGE 4

-. L~2: .C77 ~ T7. ~ ~ .T T~ 7 Computer registration to solve parking Woes By FRANK RINELLA Algor Staff Wrier Three possible solutions to campus parking problems including qsen which would eliminate student's rights to determipdw ta lases-.wil be presentedto students for ns tonight. Dr. Robert Siegel and Garyt Koepke, who head a study committee designed to help solve campus traffic problems, will meet withstudent leaders and interested students at 7:30in room 349 of the J. Wayne Reitz Union to present their plans. ONE ALTERNATIVE, plan would require students to submit a list of desired classes to the registrar and then to schedules would be determined by computer. Siegel explained that the plad would eliminate the parking problem from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. by eliminating peak class hours during that time. SParking problems tend to follow the times students prefer to take classes," Siegel said. BY HAVING a computer set student's schedules, the number of students in earlymorningand late afternoon classes would increase, Siegel explained. This plan also would kall for the construction of two multlevel and 3 surface parking areas. UF Registrar Vernon Voyles said he did not think the computerized registration would cause problems unless the administration did not guarantee that courses requested by students would be made available. VOYLES ADDED THAT it would be possible to make morning or afternoon schedules available to some students. However, he pointed out some overlapping schedules would exist because of the selection of courses students would make. A similar registration plan was offered in 1968, but students turned it down, Voyles said. The two other plans call for either several large surface parking lots or several multi-level parking lots. Plan A, calling for surface parking, would be the least expensive at $750,000, but it would require the most land, about 20 acres, Siegel said. Plan B sets upmulti-level parking areas and would use the least amount of land. But the cost would be about $10 million, he explained. Siegel added that the cost of obkoda Pg asking space in oneof themulti-lev llotswld beboutS200 Per yearbut the spaces would be open to all students, faculty and administrators. IF PLAN C is implesented, UF would be turned into a completely walking camp= and many Of the existing roads would be eliminated, Siegel said. Only a few roads for emergency vehicles would remain, Siegel added. This plan would also allow UF to make better use of its existing classrooms and would reduce the money needed for building construction and renovation in the next 10 years. Siegel said. With plan A (ground level parking), many of the buildings to be torn down in the next 10 years will be turned into parking lots. ANDERSON AND FLINT Halls and Buildings E and I are some of the buildings to be torn down, Siegel said. The transportation study committee wil resubmit the three plans to the UF Council of Deans in the next two weeks so the plan UF will follow may be chosen, Siegel said. Humanities receives quarter million Two foundation awarded "Humanities Perspectives of a UF humanities program a Professions program and $250,000 boost in separate will benefit students in megrants. dicine and health -related The grants, $100,000 from professions, law, engineer. the Andrew W. Mellon ing and business administra. Foundation and $25,000 from tion. the Chastain Foundation, Dr. Gareth Schmeling, will be matched by the Nahumnaities department tional Endowment for the chairman, said he expects Humanities (NEH) as part of the Chastain Foundation to a $999,747 grant program the donate U=,AOO more in the humanities department annext three years. Those nounced a year ago. funds would be matched by The grants will fund the the Mgt, he added. The E oo ONepe eele mano aumamoie&dman* me a.M.t.,.s. clale Mi matas, he a v.1Mg emt cluau. U, AV bleh aIn r6 ofeinIL 16th AnnuM UF Greek Bleed Drive qiReeks caiMef Frow ty n uand to enC ouexar e mpong fthIVA AAMI ,GrSinled Orkva Aprl SthTwro heAprlPrd. The blood that is donated liw ha l ed f or nss. patleata, Mlsa ,asmi 0 Va-p wla dvarome ots. types of 1tomeaNd oisdestl. aM s F4IeMell s m aM The blood y doat wIN als mess blod pMo N e UP ew W m Na w .m.eags.dlaeafes,.o sd.stheof N,.,,,IUeln OStan.AwalsO h.ae,,.10tho "ratmi yuWW s tty si. shate mssMood dsserta4,. as nl smtashelresry s.oemerIp w Ohs n reet Plse Chek The$ ehaelstep rma1erte1 & Pt10 B10011DOWt 10Ins -Mpaft MONDAY TUEAY y yo y Apri6s6 AprU 0, Apr l o AprtS Apro ft FC _PAN FC PAN cmP h N G 0Gmes oans PMEpbna cM O PM am1111 Sigma eAlphaEpilon, AlpaOm asp KappaOWpha A ma0Uh-w* WI Laotda Chi Alpha AlpaWA pPM Deftcm AWlow onaANOW r I lsa I DONATE DONATE DONATE DCNAim DONATE AT AT AT AT AT Lombd CM Alpha Epelen PM D11a CM CM qa Tma fnE1 P1 Alphs Ap1201 13 AprS 1h Ap I141 Ap S iNS APIS INN PA. .PC a PAN Det Deta Deft ThaMCw JITI Alpha 3okllamPI egh SigMKappa PI KS PfM PM e eIamePI sMM KAppa Dela KapAlpha ft Alp** Defta P Pi IaPNoas bowp Pit ON at 64111W DONATE DONATE DONATE SIV ANa S:SP.m. AT AT AT AT eal P A IIpaIea FlKOMpaPM Zahat IAlpba .A bASft iNNS mO Sa WC PAN D" to Deft au .DeIM PM slo* gm a Sl4ma Do"sTau PpppWahSpha 4Pa.pm ~ a DONATEplaaA j A j DNAET AT DONATE AT DO"A" ~zI~II uema WAl a wAlf, 5 .,AbeAT AT,1~m MAT 7 h T tEGlSTRATION MAS-LES .confusion may end (Arc~r R. &34th Ste I If &, #804! 

PAGE 5

State considers Guiding funds for handicapped By TOM VEENSTRA Aigator Staff Writer A $700,000 building renovation budget for handicapped students has been submitted for consideration by the state legislature. Ifapproved,thefundswillbeusedfornewelevators,cement ramps, and extensive restroom renovations to aid accessibility by disabled UF students. The program is part ofa$SI.7million budgettoupdate UPs public buildings to meet national fire and handicap code specifiations. AS THE OLDEST state university, UF is the least accessible, according to Joyce Taylor, assistant dean of student affairs. Most campus buildingswereconstructedbefore federal laws required handicap codes. Renovations only will be in classrooms and other main buildings, but not for any on-campus housing areas, however. SINCE 1971, special ramps, curbs and parking areas for handicapped students have been built and financed by the universities' grounds and maintenanace departments. Some 13 ramps built on campus were widened for students confused to wheelchairs after being originally constructed for bicycles. ABOUT 25 UF students are confined to wheelchairs, according to Taylor. Today, architectural barriers such as stairs represent impassible concrete barriers to 150 students who are crippled, blind, or otherwise disabled Since widening, the ramps double as bicycle and loading ramps. City checklist spots defects By JON GOODMAN AugatarstaffWriir Are you upset about the big crater you have to drive over to get to your street? How about an overlowng sewer outside your window? Possible your garbage hasn't been picked up in two yes? Gainesville residents plagued with these and other problems can receive city assistance by ailing out a "City Hall Checklist" pubished once a month in the Gainesville Sun. The checklstsruns regularly in the paper at no cost to the city asa public service by the Sun. Categries se include problems with streets, sewers, trafc asign and signals, watr and refuse collecton. CITYMANAGER Harold Farmeramid his office is fespooslv to complants sen in by area resdents. "Iit's something we can do and it's in our jurisdiction, we alwayssct anit"' Farmesald Theo'fic' receives about 30 responseschtime theNAst isu,seo|ding to secretaryCheie Tllban. 'gan said the majoty of complaints are with sidewalks, street repadtraffic engineering. FAREiR SAID HI couldn't estimated city's ccost responding to the checlis because eAc job roumpl dISereatexpenses. He said the city usually respoada witi three days -somer f it is a seros traffic pobem. Farmer said he thought the checklist, rlglnated by Gainesville Sun Executive Ela Ed Jnhht00. is wortwhie and helps elatonbetween govermet and r hnt "I hope it dktatos we w eWnt to hear Ie t-blsaw aetonthimroadaints"bhe sa Z-1 --ffepne 1231 W. 3rd Avenue 372-355S7 t Reserve now to be certain of Fal occupancy. 0@25 yards to Tigert Hall OFullyFumished 0 Master TV Antenna 0Dishwasher 0 Pool, Sauna 0 Laundry Facilities ASK ABOUT SUMMERAM #MN. -FM. -t AM&ft 5P.M. Ms islAnsa ch.b. ef-Cammem as""eof ow MOOS" IR 0u11PesvI -I -, R G C ow 2Y I* son"NAIMU ed Velvet Lounges OOD TIMES -OWING OUT F THE TAPi Good times are flowing out of the top any way or anytime you like it.And what better way to enjoy cold beer or wine than with any of Ailen's great subs, sandwiches, side order or Combinations. You can enjoy it of' either of Aolen's two locations or have it all delivered! Butler Plaza 11 3236 SW. 35th Blvd. 375-2430 Smd prtor gAhn's can put ysummdoe Spkt 0ME A KEB? GIVE US A CALL-FEATURING COLTZ-$2Uo or OLD MiLWAUKEE UULE R---.r HAPPY HOUR .1,. 2-7 at NCI CITY GATDR HAUW fesabnig SCHIMTZ $1.20 or OLD MILWAUKEE $1. a pitchOr EAT iko TAKE OUT.9 FREE DELIVERY ._ _.__ _._ _.__ _. Cin City Plaza 1211 S.W. 16th Ave. 377-6510 Of I 9 

PAGE 6

Student lobbying emphasis ed Grassroots' candidates announce By ANDREW FROMAN Alligator Staff Writer The Grassroots P rty formally announced its slate of candidates for the Student Governwet elections Wednesday. Ton y, 4AS, is the Student Body Presidential caidate, and Janis Mara, 4JM, is the vicepresidential candidate. Eugene Way, cabinet officer'for minority affairs, was slated as the Treasurer candidate, and George Barthelow, 7AR, was slated as the Traffic Court Chief Juttice candidate. LOMBARDY SAID student lobbying in Tallahassee would be his biggest issue. Lombardy also said he would like to see SG officers give their salaries to the Student Loan Association, becausepaying SG officials "SG is subsidizing the political training for student politicians." Lombardy called for a "coherent policy" in user fees for different campus activities, and is strongly in favor of cutting in half the Athletic Association's share of the student activity fees. LOMBARDY ALSO favors funding the Independent Florida Alligator, "decentralizing" SG, and enforcing student's choices on visitation. Lombardy is a former student senator. He was chairman of the senate's Academic Affairs Committee. He also chaired the Student Advisory Committee to the Hub, and chaired with Mara-the Ad-hoc Committee for Student's Rights, which organized the visitation rally on President Robert Marston's lawn last quarter. MARA HAS been director of the UF National Organization for Women (NOW) and a counselor at the Crisis Intervention Center. Moreover, she helped organize the visitation protest. Way said that as Treasurer he would like to examine the issue of user fees for athletic events and the issue of student funds being used by the athletic association. phoas by steve dozier As Traffic Court Chief Justice, Barthelow said he would MARA AND LOMBARDY "work on correcting traffic problems," and parking shortages .'SG subsidizing politicians' on campus. .GETHEWRUNNI4O MATI" .Tom Benton seeks vice presidency, Kim O'Connell seeks presidency Together announces party platform By ANDIEWROMAN Party Candidate for Treasurer, and Laura Symons, 1LW, ANgr SlOWSl ter woldd be Trfic Court COdd Justice candidate. OFCsma and eDt n said the three major issues they would-be 6eseerned with would be to eatabllsh an ethics Tom Benton, 4AS, announced his <:andidacy for Vice comnlsion. for student grievances. place Student GovernPresident Wednesday, running on the Together PartyTicket ment the A malstral Ptoedures Act, and require with alreadyannounced presidential endidate Kis the Fn45~vloe Pee A a mmlttee (ASPAC) O'Connell. pesiRIbe. ee'IgbRmi& nlahetbody. Benton said he represented "the average student," d lg thr Pf its 400 in is running because "there are questions that sced to be ca sigs non-st.dt: Jes. asked, and reforms that need to be instituted." nette Blevins, Daba and June Littler. Benton aid that he is "not tied In any way to the power DVA sss Is president of the Florida Women's Political structure that now exists," and is ready and eager to work Canttssflsfnias peuldent ofthe Alsbeah County Women's for and with the students. O'Conne and .enton also poldesl CaUCus, and hitter. Is a former president of the sIsOune emdthat SerlGruasfeld,68Ar.woeidbe thTegstthtr We nstsis PoltaICahcnusi #4wIUse* Thu s gkl er On Fri. -Pedge4 Party #aft at 3:00 P.m. $at. .Crescent '.ch w/keg Dinner N t 5:45 p.m. 4o To introduo ivortgy of MosleM feed fwe aeto hioSdetWoy Mome special & small drInk $1" (over bIb burrito) s* 6 378-5948oftdo*__1---e -. J Movlng Sat Cathay Corner is moving soon and this will mean big savings for you. Jewelry .Up to So% nothing .Up to 40 % off' Cookbooks .Up to 20 % off Home Decorating Accessories.Up to 50 % ff AOriental Groceries .Up to 20 % off CA7T.AY CORNER *.~f5JJ~ In The MU pp.,S1hppeejjG Cet 200i1 MV 43rd Si. ..M83 OPee Moe.-Soi t. 2:0-7:00 A career in Iawwithout law schoI. What can you do with 'only a bachelorsdegree? Now there is a way to bridge the gap between an undergraduate education and achattenging, responsible career. The Lawyer's Assistant is able to do work traditionally done by lawyers. Three months of intensive training can give you the skills-the courses are taught by lawyers. You choose one of the seven courses offered--choose the city in which you want to work. Since 1970, The Institute tar Paralegal 'Training has placed more than 1200 graduates. in'tsw firms, banks. and corporations in over 75 cities. It you are a senior ot high academic standing aknd are interested in a career as a Lawyer's Assistant, we'd like to meet you. Contact your placement office for an interview with our representative. We will visit your campus on FRIDAY, AM&ILS The ia1 u~i Pt Y, 235 5ooith I 71h M s, (Sy l ~ Rdv i ni A-^ I I I .1 .---:---. -mummond i 

PAGE 7

Vi nieI'9 1t1on IIy TOM JUUIN Alligator Stuff Writer Dr. Ronald Carpenter, state vice chairman of the American Association of University Professors (AAUP)-Florida during the reent collective bargaining electin ampaig, accused United Faculty of Florida (UFf) Treasurer Norman Markel of making verbal threats to him before the Match 2 and 3 election. A policereprtfiled Feb.-2 says Carpenter reported Markel threatened him Feb. 24 when Markel discovered AAUP-F. had increased its chances of winning the election. Reporting officer W.D. Mills wrote, "Thisdid not go over well with Markel," when he was informed of AAUPFla's improved chances of, Earlier in Jan. AAUP-Fla. had announced that it was merging with the National Education Association (NEA) to obtainfinancialasistance in the campaign. The police report also states that "several other persons had heard Markel makecharsh statements about him (Carpenter)." Oneof thealleged witnesses U F professor Raymond Gay Crosier, said he told police he heard Markel make a "verbalization, including threats. "What provoked the remark was a great disappointment on the part of Dr. Markel concerning material published by AAU concerning Ken Mgill," Gay Crosier said. Gay Crosier said Markel told him he was going to "punch Carpenter in the nose." The police report, fied in February, did not appear in police records until Wednesay and does not include statements from any of the witnesses cited the report. University Police Department (UPD) Captain 3. K Holliman said he "wasn't sauk why the report had not appeared until so late, but it was probably because Markel has been out of town. Carpenter said hthought it would be ina i for him to comment on the incdn. However, he said an attorney studying the situaion and a deilson of bs",borftmessaginst Maro!l*ui"he*t alawe date Petoffering license schoni dis %S&ge .4( sC"r i Pw is a a mi 86" shru cs-sm u -0611 b FAA soo M b 10% Off on the Tou I T"cmcmpka ny ls ih tr WATCH FOR THE BIGGEST PLANT SALE EVER IN GAINESVE COMGIN 2-WEEK TEE PLANTPALURA 3757799 BuilerPlaza .Sepping Center -Arher & 34th I 4 Why Don't Bang & Olufs n Turntables Look Like This? The answer is quite simple. Our turntables or t~tally Integrated. Technicalinovatn are d wiIn. operati Iss, ,, fMpI and lgc1 In short, we e Ogn our products to create music, not confusin. CM"T y &seethe I 40 ........... IWE 'W e are now servIng Bar-B-Q Ribs in addition to the best fried chicken in town. Come pay us a vis it. --ICE CfEjAM In 12 assorted flavors 704 S.W.2.ad Ave. Wishb( ne Fried Chicken A 

PAGE 8

I@OS@@SOSSOS@SS@S@@@b@SO@SS@@SOSS@@@@@@OS@OOSS@S@@@SO@@.S@S.O.SS. I 133 00 00 1wv~w~e~ 943 Ilaeeee~~eeeeeeeee.@ U 4A d4 uji P I ~~~aor 4 I O ~ I ~ ~ a U 'lot It0*V I1 w 'I-ww w w-ENUMMMO I I 000000 ..--U (dimS .4 .~ijt, ~ :j ~ .mgU-6 o~ lbl C33 j e .3 illdU!! A ILI I W-, -I 0000000,~ 5a ffJ~.~3.3i~ ~ 3' te 00000000000000000000000000000000000001 -------------Dvvwv4rGr4,f"o*- 

PAGE 9

-.--~-' ------t -~-V *----~ Kimuner platform pledges Indepndence Pledging to devote a of his "energies snd-reso rces to the preservation of the honor court and the eight of the sh4dst body to govern itself, "wb Kan -e, honor cort' defense counselor, announced his candidacy for chencevlor Wednesday. As chancelor, Kiausner sold he would work for "Anore undergraduate Involvement," end "the uiate goal ci not restIcting the court system to just law students." ELAUSNER caledthe courtV"rlght toochershedtolose," ad he sold he views the court as an overseeing power. "It is not the job of the honor court to huit down a namelnss, faceless, 'cheater' but rather, to insure that those students accused of cheating ore judged in a manner consistent with the rights gsranteedby the vnstAtut on and in keeping with the spirit of the homor code," he said., auner said he favors exended dormitory vIsItatIon (See "Klausner"page 21) 49 C'A I '100 Ready-se-Weer HUARACHES and LEATHER THONGS, PmE AN CRAFfED SANDALS Combo Made To TOWr Feet. Over 20 Styls WIon Leaster o Crepe bs, ugt er DeeleLaywesA st5deflideb. AlStemps GUARANTEED. Cdres's Styles AseAvambbe. 1131 W. UNIVERSE FYAVE. 373-74 OPEN MAMWM SU*. asdle phot by mlanle muroff Avocado contest Cuchi, Cuchil UF student Susan Gadd, 3AS, holds her prime-winning ovacodo plant which she named in honor of zany TV and nightclub star Charo. Cuchi won first place in a local avocado contest in which Susan was awarded a new ten-speed bicycle. A K1<HciL 15T LESSF5C 4 Scotch Low Noise High Density C-90 Cassette Iteg. 3*9 Now $2" le They Lastli Diamond Tipped Phono Nids, Paul McCartney and Wtngs $379 Eagles Greatest Hits $379 While Thy Latil -mm m -m COmmN m mm es $ 00, Off Any $6" List L.P. or Any $7"L st Tapes One LP. per coupon One couponpor amtNer pe''s yet 

PAGE 10

1O/alligatoa'/thursday/april 1. 1976 Canney What has eight and a half million citizens, beautiful beaches, and puts people in jail for protest speeches? If you guessed "Florida," you win an orange. You also win a red, white and blue official bicentennial invite to the Santa Fe Community Correctional facility on NE 39th Avenue. That's where, some time in the next few days, anti-war activist and former UF teaching assistant Robert Canney will walk from behind bars. Canney has spent the past four months of his life -and the dawning days of this bicentennial year.-serving time in prison because the state didn't like what he had to say about the Vietnam war. It was six years ago, on a typically sunny day in St. Petersburg, that Canney found out that freedom of speech stops somewhere north of the Suwanee River. Taking part in a peaceful demonstration against the war -so peaceful that people were "lying down, some even sleeping," according to Canney's son -the 42-year-old activist urged the crowd to "bring the goddamn war home and begin dealing with the problems we have here." Shortly after he sat down, Canney was grabbed from behind by St. Petersburg police enforcing a two-day old ordinance against public profanity. But Canney was never tried for violating the ordinance.The state was probably as convinced as anybody who ever read the U.S.Constitution that such a prosecution, as well as the ordinance, would wither in the bright light of judicial review. Instead, the state charged that Cahney punched one of the arresting officers in the mouth, a charge Canney labels a lie. And after an ambitiously rhetorical prosecutor, Robert Mensh, called Canney a supporter of Nikita Kruschev and said the activist was tearing down America, it took the jury only 15 minutes to convict the activist of resisting arrest. Some recognized the unfairness of the trial readily. Appeals Court Judge Robert Mann compared the trial to repression in the Soviet Union and concluded that a "strong argument" existed for resisting an unconstitutional law, such as the St. Petersburg ordinance. But two other judges who sat with Mann disagreed and upheld the conviction. Following a legal nightmare that dragged on for four years, Canney applied for a reduction in his six month to two-year sentence -and was ordered to jail immediately, instead. It was a dark day in Florida. And although Bob Canney will join his wife and two sons soon in the sunshine, the state is still not through. Instead of a pardon, clearing him of wrongdoing, Canney is to be released on parole. Such a release will require the now 47-year-old Maine antique-shop owner to periodically report to the authorities. So the state can keep an eye on Bob Canney. Only Florida Gov. Reuben Askew and the state Cabinet, sitting as the pardon board, can clear Canney's name. It would be heartening to see the board act in Canney's behalf. By the Fourth of July. perhaps. a o6%her nor the Caane" think that Is pro*ss. in the msa"Wais ,we canonyhop. A ead the ord itfloridaisagreatpace to i4 a nd place to fiIW -but no plade to Po*tm pwe&. For Arts and Sciences students Lan,,guage requirement unfair Power. Most people think it would be great to have power. However, it's a two edged sword. YOU CANM US POWE to do things that would be impossible without it, but once people discover that you have power, the pressure that they put on you always takes its toll. Presidents provide afine example of this.They seem to age ten years in their four year terms. Of course, it would be ideal to wield power without the public ever knowing it.in our society, this invisible power is usually reserved for those who are extremely wealthy. Here at UF we have a small group who have squired this elusive invisible power somewberealong the lini.fo,it's not Florida Blue Key -everyone knows about them. No, it's "not the office of Vice-President Harold Hanson, either. The Physical Plant crew is a good guess, but it isn't them. Give up? So do I. If I knew who they were, they wouldn't be invisible. NOW IF YOU like mysteries. read on. Mtihough I don't know the names of the people in the group, I am working on it. The way I figureit, they're located in the College of Arts and Sciences. Most likely they're in the Department of Foreign Languages or the department of Romance Languages and Literature. This group has the enormous power to perpetuate their own existence almost indefinitely. Despite students' ranting and raging, this group continues to impose its will upon them. The students' indignation is misdirected. The power players are never "fingered" for their misdeeds. No one really seems to know who they are. WHAT DO THEY do, you ask? Well, they force everyone in Arts and Sciences to pay 210 dollars for something they don't want -three quarter of a foreign language. For most people the langus requirement is burden. some to say the least. I wonder many people went into field otberthan their first cht because of the ominous prospect of taking a lagusge-. it seems like no one really waste to go thrego the ordeal. Do you leers anytlisngwhen you take three quarters of a language at UP? Of course not. Recently, I spoke with senseome who is perhaps the inest Spanish student to hit is campus a decaes He hinted that in one year, the mendon of the ward "Spanish" won't even ring a ben -ee miad the sat o the saurus. PUWM.N~u ISSOW I wouldn't learn a thing. Aftet a, rvebeeawakamgom lang geforyears now ad I don't hay thatdo pst, so how am I supposed to learn htthes nn ttssUast es dante -alaagwhi the jobs da 10, O& 'ehera. You see, without the seisammassa e a tes e sisyamehs Isenh -S wbsetmles u OPINION -OB LOW UY longer demanded? Who has the power and the unmitigated gall to keep a vestigial department beefed up while Zoology, Speech and almost every other department are starving? Who actually makes the decision to impose their will upon a population that is universally opposed to that imposition? Is it J.W. Conner, the Chairman of'the Department of Romance Languages, along with some of his cronies? PLEASE, TELL US the names. We're tired of voicing our complaints to the walls of the Arts and Sciences offie. Tb. Editor-in-Chief Brian 0. Jones Managing Editor Mindi Keirnon News Editor Al Elkins News Editor Gorry Hart Special Projects Editor Jose Sariego Layout Editor Keith riiw Layout Editor Stuart Emmrich Photo Editor George Koaniec, Jr. Associate Editor Andy Nounmn Sports Editor. Gary -BlNk Of Wire Editor Doegis w. s Entertainment Editor Mary Anssilrdae Interim Gen. Manager Edward Sabhr Adminstrativ Assistant Mrs. Evelni 9 compWrolw rThomas i *01011ra GOOkO"Pw's'Ame M011IMbui AdvertisingeDiretr ge s J WVe Productio anoller 4*4aigel Circulation and Classied Mr. 0Gese Mearin Publidged by Cam 9USCOmmunIOatinS.3, P.O Se145 Un esnwISt,,,d, be"n ie'" lg ls. P i Wetlee nt at 0mbd NOW 

PAGE 11

el, iu .2 1 ..LL Ali q I A4 Iva ag all 011,101 #AJ~ ~4 *3 U Ii 11411 jI~at It: V It! At1 'II' I *1 11111" 'I'I~iIiii! I I~fI I titc I Rf~ hIIs of Nlii d 1fill I A1t 0~o #A .m E 

PAGE 12

forsurplus Ip MKWUEOMAN See Cua, charperson for the AetleBy and SmRlos Fee Advns osmmdles, s", Wedoot-.y~ o S1U,M1 swpis. Me thIs yest's .5 mlion budget Is order to Ilad request thm the Babyator Noesery ad to begin building a planetathun at UF. alne Smdthe colmmee voted on Sunday an wetlag figures sk ether requests. .e.p" s '2----n for a she of ut yeam's suetact i ebut a am*"s in the present budget mid.adlthe Baby Gtor and thbuge hus so as not badget-b", a sompin oft ahot fS o whb. was used Rfe caNOWs ends camts.dm ftllmmmW Ne -d o e a ter -ese g e mr -doi Me-md e 0s w0 C bu eSt dS reSam. h At&* Assens 5 Ah-ow-6 78 I hD Be* vdmm, tAft. ~da sea $S,S ,,a. Ahqer m.365 CKUElADDUthatthese -"woid probably fluctuate no more than $10,M3to30,000," hut she adshe woeldbemto speed as mac of the now budget on thoe skal roqcat as ala. added that ASFAC hophe tocomplete their work on the budget by Inesday to present It to te Student Senate at the ft senate seeing Tuesday night. aphin pa Rut~l SISL OTC -Si of Esuuy ll .l Quality you can -trust.0 TexasInstruments electronic calculators. More math power for your money You need math power, no matter what your rSpecIal hactiss hepe include square root, major. And TI puts more math power at I a&square, reciproct, raise a displayed numyour fingertips more economically. How can TI give you greater value? The answer e beneath the vyboard.?here, major technological advances have achieved greater and greater power at lowersand lowercosta. The TI-1200 gives you puOcentages at the touch of a key, has an automatic constant in the four bassic functions for performing repetitive calculations, full floating decimal, and 8-digit display. You can carry it to class r lab in pocket, purse, or briefcase.$12.950. (AC adapter optional.) The TI-1250 does everything the TI-1200 does-plus a full-function, four-key memory. You also get a change-sign key.all I T10M M 0 I MAll TI calculators described here use algebraic entry. This allows you to key-in a problem just as you would' state it.in the same natural manner in which you think. No system is easier to master. TI2550-I. This eight-ounce, 8digit portable does percentages automatically, and has a four-key memory system. Science keys, too. Reciprocals, squares, square roots, and a reverse to invert fractions and recall next-to-last entry. Automatic constant in all four basic functions and a two-place or full-floating decimal. Rechargeable batteries and AC.$49.98*. ber to a power (yi, reLe se to a power (e%, land natural egs. Autoatic astaat -ad penient memor MI-eatiag deelmaL sad scientific notation. elacea batterIes (AC adapteroptlena.$i.*. 8R41mAn. ad~ The SR-50A solves complexacientifical-' culations as esily as simple arithmetic. Algebraie entry system with sum of-productscapeblity, The SR-50A perforumall classical slde-ruwe calculatiope-roots, powers, reciprocals, factorials, common and natural logarithms andtheir inversus, trigonometric (sin, cos, tan) .d hyperbolic (sinh, cosh, tanh) functions and their inverses-all in full-floating debmalmpoint or in scientiic notation. The versatile electronic memory allows data to he stored ind retrieved or added to memory. 5799os* Protst aimfor$1 (AC dapteroplnsl.) The SRcs1A performs-all classical sliderule functions, then goes an to'"Ustical at incras TI-5M .-.functions. Such as naj$, vsplc. "d standard deviation. Patterlals tIn an ~t to lp a tions, slope and inteeep, ',rend line tAIM la'dinth -analysis. And there ie a rades number latuit, Stateas hvwftyhAmrgenerator' as we as preprogrammed ters of Students Agist A cri styled porThis portable wizard conversion and inverses. The SR-1A ci sply itheprtallows decimal selection of from S to 8 .sraleI Talwaee key, (fullioting decthrough muser.arithPAsan hs.hre u$rse19sbl6mn. ApU 22 inal, putowktic conthotlc bt also The group eb scla t t stant in the four through complex A ISlag lmvlmat in the fatur a TI 'ta"Ing to bureuscfats -basic functions, and technical problems. calculator will not only serve well as ver gatesanytideg don." an easty-to-read 8Solves sum-ef-pt-odyou work twiard yo dnl ws .bu wll s so UF's chapter wIl have a digitdisplay. acts or quotient-of*YUy with you as you powvutW table set up Is the J. Wayne The TI-1500 slips n ft sums without re-entering Intermediate sue your career.-se them 36htZ UNJOIRCslafieds to purse, operates on rechargeable batteries results or rewriting the problem for mewherever quality clcuawnaRWm Aoud ts"Ot des and AC.$29.9W0. quential operation. tore are sold. tlo,.W.its.athe.h. I .l se wE hand outIle.f'ets, '.t up SO"n TEXAS INSTRUMENT the Amewtes "-sstUt g to .INCORPORATED get the pev'ep y t_ n-s9.d member P.M For a" wTAheprovWde by the Un.veiWoth4 oedp IJ I 

PAGE 13

FRISK FLORIDA6 YE*Ow cOaN 12 U's -M a -s $ SAVE ma.e. mac 221 CAS. 2-$10 JtucE. 2 *1" TwASTA .29g. 2 1 CONj.t ON titiS3-M USE THIS )5c COU~Q MGOLD DAL FLOUR COuP ONL900 f A'O LOA IN-4 ONL LL& ROAST KLOW STEAK .$168. LI La. U A 91. A M IEAG M S&14SON SLEAW. -ABA 9 l A1SuA W 12m129 4LI.S 6 W4W MAP O -4. Cm --I SAVE 30 a 

PAGE 14

44/aeigatOr/thursdWy/Hpr1,-76 .. ''A Wie TH $syer T~i ins. Pryer M segs. .NVIOeiMIN .e A eSWW P"ITreae~ew i ,O -MUM -... ,e., ee,,. ---&2 -&k. ..IL 9 Thigh. .*L "eeted esyBaby IWe mre f" A8 eM .W SeapLoi. oi.209 e a .1b$. Movivid St. .* r he m qaite .ve. $0 $ ..IL o ClssamoFsia .G.Y.h &.79,p am.cin 10,9rpow r 1d)^e Pot sn ..9 1,I t. O u aite* n.,s. ..C.k.s.1*. sugarUyle. .. -BEEF S Regularly $1.9.ts 

PAGE 15

Ai &-t r~ i .. 4 ri % .p. I -V I I 

PAGE 16

164Sbaor/thwrsday/aprit1 196 rFINREEEH Two year research study reveals mariuana effects By SARENE MARKb Alligator Staff Writer A Costa Rican study conducted by a UF research team revealed no differences in pulmonary, sexual, and intellectual functions between long-time marijuana users and nonsmokers. The study was conducted in Costa Rica because it represents "population smoking rather potent marijuana (average users smoke 9.6 cigarettes/day) for a long period of time (at least ten years)," William Coggins, -program coordinator said. THE ACTIVE ingredient in Costa Rican marijuana, Delta 9 THC, is moree potent thanstreet marijuana in this country," Coggin added. UF anthropology department chairman Paul Doughty said the study was designed to clidr up the "confusion and conflict in marijuana literature of a scientific origin" by research in "the natural population of San Jose" where people use marijuana and engage in everyday activities. The study group consisted of 41 pairs of male users and nonusers matched by age, marital status, occupation, education, and alcohol and tobacco consumption. They were guaranteed protection from the harsh Costa Rican drug laws. THE TWO year study, entitled "The Nature and Effects of Chronic Cannabis Use in Costa Rica," was funded by a $537,515 grant from the National Institute of Drug Abuse. It was cooridinated by William Carter, director of the Center of Latin American Studies, Doughty, and Coggins. Coggins said "the sociological issues override the biomedical ones. I would hope people who can do something. about it will look at this data and consider its application." BRYAN PAGE, research assistant, found no validity in the 'amotivational hypothesis" of marijuana users. "Levels of use are not related to the strength or weakness of the individuals work record," he said. Users depended on marijuana as an "escape from an otherwise unpleasant existence." Smoking served as a stimulus to work,improved conversation,sleepingenjoyment of sex, and participation in sports, he said. Paul Saltz, UF Psychology professor, reported identical results betwen users and nonusers in learning ability,,word recognition, delayed recall, and other personality and intellectual temt. \I "WE COULD not pick out a difference. If you can't find something (signifigant), it has sociolegal implications," he concluded. Satz would not speculate on possible changes in currrent marijuana laws as a result of the study. William Dawson, UF professor of opthalmology and physiology, compared visual abilities of users and nonusers. "The deviations from the norm (in u*rs) are so small they would never be detected in an eye clinic. They indicate no type of eye pathology as we know it today," he said. COGGIN'S RESULTS revealed no signifigant differences in the general health patterns of the matched pairs. Carter said the sociocultural differences in the matched pairs were a result of "the saslypatter= of socialization of the users, We could not A differences inadult life to a single factor such as sa' Anthropologists William Tzuea Page called thestudyan "opportunity to partiepate *titerI and unusual life of a colorful underworldmultbirnonmokimgenterparts." True said users recalled violent childhood experiences. Users were "deviants ascbffdranand drugusebcame a patof their normal, everyday adivities," They let hoaseat an early age, became part of # street cuure of San Jose, and incorpoae ht4~ diis 0 SAS WA ~ GbS eansp"Sa4Twmd 44wwT=*VON% ROAL Nsa NSN I I I ~ SOIMEASTERN WolAEN'$ +1EALTM CONFERENCE SPeAMRS: PhYis3 Chltsa wmRAsins".W. somf ava twich #AVsR, -I APRIL Z-4, 197/ I.WYNE REIT.ZWNN 4750 asrmTIsetPeR LanNac. %sRLqmssA% mCX WU SUSWuAb b*E, UNIVERSITY CITY TRAVEL "Summer in Europe." Seminar Air fares?.Eurail posses?. Travel information, etc. SPECIALS for University of Florida Students & Faculty Question and Answer Session -Tuesday, April 6, 1976From 6:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. University City Travel, Inc. 923 W. Univgsity Ave. .3774226 

PAGE 17

n~a GIw Owl~ "4ffft 'mfE~ ~*~ ~fly rtIVIrI I I*off'I ~W 0 IitIor lI II"'IIi i ftof [fil 111 It 11 11a itII I if 1 } qoj fflf,, I A 

PAGE 18

iursdeyaprtr~'40&J 's" -~ In energy fleld,-ommunicatlon, transpo er protection, exploring inner and outer environment.Pederal Ogencles are resp of the most Importanttec nological w today. Some of the jobs are unique, with proje found nowhere else. All are challenging lent potential for advancement. Good pe mand. Our nationwide network can get your n agencies in every part of the country. Cha them are doing things you'd like to do. Write to: Engineering Recruitment, Room GA11 U.S. Civil Commls.Ic E W iftit, DC., tfi U U station, consumspace, defense, onsible for some ork being done cts and facilities U and offer excel* 9ople arein.de3 i U aie referred to nces are some of I n E V ~ ~ i3 -* ----U 5.KMIWQI w U .little sweat and a lot of muscle Cyclists plan trip to St. Augustine Dy JON GOODMAN Algatar Slaff Wrter Dike enthusiasts have an opportunity to combine their interest with a good cause this weekend in a bike-a-thon sponsored by Circle K. Members of Circle K, a UF ervice organization, are going to pedal their way to a state convention in St.Avgastine.Wnd therebyaid multiplesclerosis(MS)throughsponsorshipofthe trip. Sponsors pledge money per mile. The ride to St. Augustine is approximately g5 miles. THE D JRS will leave Gainesville from the Plaza of the Americas on Thursday, April 1, at 12:30 p.m., staying overnight in Palatka and continuing to St. Augustinethe next morunag. There are between 10-15 riders mskingthe trip from Circle K, according to presidet-elect Mark McGraw.: He said the project is open to anyoga who wisheisto ride. MOaw aidhe hopes for a goal of 51,400 McGraw is no newcomer to the field of long distance bicyding for charity, he rode from Ft. Lauderdale to Los Angeles for the same cause. He said the trip tqok 63dsys an he and a fedow Circle K member from Droward Commnunty CoDep raised 51,500. CIRCJZ K is not inexperienced in raiain money by sponsorship. Two years ago members rode to Tallsmea from Gainesville, raisig money for charity. FLORIDA. From Levi's@ cool cotton gauze fashions It's time to get ready for the warm days ahead. Levi's cotton gauze shirts are tl* perfect way to stay cool, comfortable and ashionably dressed Choose from plaids in blue, brown orgreen, sizes S-M-L, 14.50. Match 'em up with Levi's cotton gauze jeans. They're European styled for a trim, youthful fit and feature front slash pockets and back button flap pockets. sizes 28-36, $15 to $16. -t A~A tETICA-NDTRILP Ffen varieties in stock j _19 77- 

PAGE 19

breat of union strike aunts administrators By TOM JULIN Aligater Staff Writer collective bargaining With collective bargaing now a tart of the State iversity System, many adiniatrators and non-union culty members have iced fear that striking faIty may cripple the educanal process, if financial mands are not met. The Board of Regents To try to prohibit a union Shanker said because pustimated the proposed strike, the state legislature blic employers know their ntract demands -which included severe penalties in employees cannot strike, the clude salary increases and the collective bargaining law employers will not be enorking condition improvewhich could be imposed on a couraged to bargain in "good ents -of the United Faculty striking union, faith." He added teachers Florida(UFF )will cost the THE PENALTIES which a could be forced to strike iversity system S30-SlOI circuit court could administer because of the employers million. are: attitude. UFF officials are reluctant Up to a 55,000 fine on discuss the possibility of a union ficers. Andrews agreed with rike, saying only that a Force the union to pay Shanker that the law is rike may be caused if the for any damages caused to "one-sided." gents fail to bargain with the employer by the strike. Andrews said the Pasco uired by law, a Allow the employer to County School Board is curLEGALLY A STRIKE by fire striking employees. rently conducting a "manublic employes is prohibited Revocation of the uniagement strike" by refusing y the Florida Constitution on's certification as bargainto negotiate with the teand state law, but the hazard ing agent for one year. chers' union. f a massive strike still seems 9 A fine of up to $20,000 a "Very clearly, there are ossible to some. day for each day of the strike. changesthatare needed in the State University System However, if, management law," he added. or E.T. York said his chooses not to negotiate with State Rep. Sid Martin, Dce has not assessed the the union, the matter is sent Hawthorne, said he wasn't ect a union -strike would into arbitration or before the sure if the law is unfair ve on the university syspublic Employees Relations because"it's brand spanking im because "strikes are Commission for a recomnew." egal." mendation. "We're going to have to But, spokesman for two ULTIMATELY, if the emwork with it a little before we mall anti -union faculty ploys and the employer know whether it should be ps said "a union without cannot agree on a settlement changed. If it's unfair, I'm e threat of a strike is the matter is reviewed by the sure the legislature will seless." legislature for a final settlechange it," Martin said. Union officials admit a ment. Agreeing with Martin that r e is not out of the quesAmerican Federation of no immediate changes on if negotiations break Teachers President Albert should be made in the law, own. Shanker said March 26 he State Sen. Bob Saunders D"THE EMPHASIS is on believed the current bar. Gainesville said, "I want to e process of bargaining -gaining law would cause proceed slowly until we see e cannot speculate on the more strikes than it would what will work and what ypothetical conditions unprevent. won't work." r which we would strike, ut it is a possibility," UFF tate President Sam AntI .5 U rews said. NASA interested Several UFF members say is "too early" to discuss UF cooperation e possibility of a strie, but ey are quick to add that By SARENE MARKS nditions may change such Aligator Staff Writer a strike would become 'discussible." Chances are "quite' good" that UF will serve as UFI member Dr. ha "administrative vehicle" for a National Aeronautic and ark said, "To have an Space Administraion (NASA) technical application center in strike you'd have to Florida, according to a state university system official. ve at least 75 par ciet of The NASA center "fosters the application of NASA me mielbMof the barglatechnology to other aspects ofsociety,"explained Bill Phillips, am, *RhR V .01 on* -director of science and engineering programs for the state 41517 1,300 I SAGS university system. t UF"S engineering and industrial experiment system in the College of Engineering may serve as coordinating center for d ea iR 4 # the NASA structure, Phillips said. Is i n ba~ The center's purpose is "technology transfer, the transfer of 14 eesvs ~ pace-age technology to everyday uses," said Philips. These -a .ae currently six centers in the United States. NASA is interested in Florida as a possible locate a since this would be the only center involving a state's entire university system and focusing on light manufacturing appications of technology. PHILLIPS DESCRIRED the function of the center as -,jdiiiwilnation, a way Ja wbic the universities & ~ the newest technology. "l's "Robsr RameyUFelectrical engineering profesor,ssthe ~gest ths pes f E center as an "opportunity to serve industry of the state better by tapping the information base of NASA technology. Light and comfortable leather wedges for Spring from Sbicca at -RL~ C"l I.-! l~-' v6/1I I1 I eI 

PAGE 20

M fttAu~rs~y4,W EU Stamps: every picture tells a stoi By JOANREUS NOWE, If, while btowla through your junk drawer, you come across an old airmail stamp with a bi-plane upside down on it, you could be worth a quick $45,000. Add three other stamps to the set and up your new found wealth to a quarter of a million dollars. At least 18 are residents, Great many of them students, AS make it their business to TOE, know such items. Most of action them could probably tell you "A the single most valuable more stampin the world is a one are r cent stamp from New Guinea of the worth $100,000. compi THOSE 15 PEOPLE make prices up the UF Stamp and Coin stamp Club chartered during winter "T quarter. on it. Much of the appeal of subst stamp and coin collecting is venue the historical aspect, club W1 president Rene Dasen said. walked "There's a story behind the office commemorative coins of for th ry t Americans," he said. valuable unless you have one A STAMP COLLDCof the few on which there's he sees the postoffices no red ink to go with the blue s as strickly business. and the white. lot of people feel its Much of the time at the or less a rip-off. They club's bi -weekly meetings vaHy taking advantage are spent hearing speakers, bicentennial," he said, seeing displays and attenlaining of the inflated ding shows and auctions as of first day issue far away as Jacksonville and Ps. Miami. they're making money Til UF GROUP is planCollectors make up a ning a stamp and coin sucantial part of their retion'and display on campus ." he said. near mid-quarter. Although hen Neil Armstrong plans for the auction are d on the moon, the post indefinite, he said it would was there with a stamp be open to all students and e occasion. They're not area residents. 4 i ~f~ak~0"4 'ew ox~is~ a J~tU-Iom AteMe staik/ C ewn~ hand by by OAK UC Coud APRILth-thJwRU W 

PAGE 21

3 aao~ ~iursd~y)'.puiI t, t~75,kki JacksonvIlh land to UF' B Iy BILL BERLOW ADE~t., Staff Writer A 220-acre tractof land in Pu was donated darch 9 to UFS Veterinary Medicine by Amy Sw of Jacksonville. Assistant Professor Bob Th UF Institute of Food and Agr ences said the College of vete cine will probably begin utilize sometimet at the end of this y Initially, research will be c the land to study parasites and, open air environment, Thomas tually ,a research station will b SAMSOI SAMSON, a student volunteer community service organization, is having its quarterly recruitment and orientation meting Tuesday, March 6 at 7:30 p.m. in McCarty Auditorium. More than 1000 new stedents volunteers have joined SAMSON this year and 500 of these remain active In SAMSON's 12 programs. ThE NEWEU -PRO. GRAM Intweatoma Hassel-Five," is designed to %*rpg shadent the Ian~ a m ndcustoms of Ameria. English is taught on a individual basis, informatina n landlords, banking, and insurance is' a resident donates veterinary college on the land primarily to study hereditary and parasitical relationships with cattle, he added. tnam County Various breeding programs may also be s College of included in this reseafth. isher Wilcox The Florida livestock industry loses more than $100 million a year due to various omas of the animal diseases. cultural SciVice-President for Agricultural Affairs rinary MediKenneth R. Tefertiller said the gift of land ing the land "will give us an excellent opportunity to ear." study some of these problems and learn onducted on better how to control them." wildlife in an The College of Veterinary Medicine will said. Evenadmit its first class of 40 students in e established September. N volunteers meet. given and a foreign student daycare center, tutors in prihandbook is provided. mary schools and works with "Our programs help peothe elderly, juveniles and ple with daily problems on a retarded. person to person basis," said Linda Grimbly, co-ordinator Dean Tom Goodale from for International Hassle -the Office for Student ServiFree. ces will be a guest speaker at SAMSON also operates a the meeting. Klaus ner (from page nine) hours. "I can't condone breaking the law, but I disagree with the rule. I think students should be able to govern themselves," he said. A yH3D TEAR law student, the candidate has served the hSnor court as assistan chief defense counsel and has organized a program for providing legal counsel for students with conduct violations. The Jack Steak Sandwich. The Jumbo Jack. The Jumbo Jack with cheese. The Bonus Jackv The Breakfast Jack. Hamburgers. Cheeseburgers The Moby JackFish Sandwich. Tacors. French fries. Onion rings. Hot apple turnover. Coca-Cola*, root beer and orange drinks. Pure orange juice. Chocolate, strawberry and vanilla shakes. Milk. Coffee. Open 24 hours. University Ave., 1 block east of Hwy. 441. WELCOME BACK COLLEGE OF EDUCATION STUDENTS There will be a Student Council Meeting today in Norman Hall Room 321 at 5:30 p.m. All students are urged to attend. Student Council will hold -2 Goal Setting Workshops Thursday, April 8 5:30 at J. W. Rei Union Room 123, sponsored by Rob Denson, Office For" Studet Services. All Stude n are wloomed to often ct Stu or more information 

PAGE 22

vixkfgatop/thursdey/apr ;1978 UF solar water hoters may be usedstatw ide By JOEL JAFFER Ahigtor Sceae Writer Five UF-designed solar water heaters -could pave the way for solar energy power in all state-owned buildings, according to Agricultural Commissioner Doyle Conner. The UF Solar Energy and Energy Conservation Laboratory will complete plans for five test heaters by the end of the week, lab director Dr. Erich Farber said. Inmates of the Union Correctional Institution in Raiford will build the solar collectors and heater within a couple of months, Conner estimated. THE HEATERS will be put in five or six Division of Forestry buildings to test their efficiency-and feasibility. Each heater will not exceed $500. Forestry Division Director John Bethea said one of the units "might be put in our office building:' but the rest will go in residences adjoining observing towers and transfer stations. In 1970, the state cut off its hot water in almost all state buildings because it "wasn't really needed," Assistant State Energy Officer George Woerner said. Hot water is still used only "in the State University System for sanitary and kitchen purposes," he said. "IT WOULD be virtually impossible to find out how much the state pays now for water heating, because different buildings use different methods of beating which vary greatly in cost," he aid. However, the hot water pipes are still intact in state buildings in case the solar heaters were to be installed. The Solar Lab personnel, including graduate students, have been pioneers in developing custom solar water heaters, air conditoners and other appliances. THE WA TER heaters collect solar energy on a plate and transfer the heat to water tubes. The water is stored in an 80 to 100 gallon holding tank for times when the sun is not out. "Even on an overcast or freezing day, radiation heats the water," Farber said. "In Florida, no matter what the weather, you receive at least one-third of the maximum possible solar radiation. The main problems in the process, whichhas been in use in different areas of the country for more than 20 years, is "finding the right materials, size and cost for the desired job," Farber continued. "PREVIOUSLY ONLY expensive copper was used, but we have found how to use aluminum or steel for the same job," he said. The collecting surfaces get enough sunlight for one kilowatt per square meter per hour he said. If and when the collecting stations are installed in some state buildings, then it iseasy to use some of the same' equipment for air conditioning and other applications, he said. r AMNOUNCffGK a Rel(m F oR1 mflc CRCQTIOflS You are invited to see a collection of original creations and diversified artistic talents which aim to express individuality and persona ialn. Visit us during our open house, at #8S.W. 1st Avenue April 5th through the 10th during the hours of 10m to (pm 'I $1 Li Monday: House Party, Dinner, Kegs, etc. Tuesday: Polynesian Night, Dinner and Party with Punch Wednesday: Ladies Night, Dinner,-Kegs, Girls, etc. Thursday Casino Night, Drinks Served at Tables, Cards, Dinner etc. Friday: Apartment Party at Regency Oaks, Drinks and Keg Saturday: Party at Gator Brown's Cabin, Rides Available, Lunch with Keg, Ladies Does your boatst a thesaurus? (if you're not abOut whether atheneunm check bgars imad Thseas r> bows h mone a) e '"WWW b WdIImI .s ub Aday) Webews Now WO*ow" Ueas piler ja-r) ,won, mousesai es mn A m IMm ncotu CKNaM ( a NA~ UP. "Ire %mom:OftebooG"6 ftem ie rPnu. w es SSIEIT: S 40e 1 P.amae". (iid.hw. PUnMssUWWUm Ausaj. esa~wacmnsnman -up-f. w.0 I "Mij MI M Grassroots for a few goocl wwmitf Involving YOU in Student Governs-nt docisiono is our goal. We need your help. Come see our Recruiters at the Grassroots table on the Colonade 10-4 p.m. thru Friday or I call 392-9023. Remembet IT ALL COMES DOWN TO YOIJ 11 

PAGE 23

Weekend art festival blossoms downtown u~iim~ri dl~b~t~fouit .4-fl"4 b* By ELJOT KLEINBERG AlI~ntor Staff Writer Under normal circumstances, NE First Street from Second Avenue to Eighth Avenue is, a mild-mannered business and residential area. On April 3-4, it will step into a nearby phone booth and emerge as the Seventh Annual Spring Arts Festival. The festival, sponsored by Santa Fe Community College, the Gainesville Area Chamber of Commerce, the City of Gainesville, The Gainesville Sun, and local soon those books wilbe stasingyou in the face again, and it won't be half as muse fun then. Besides, there are lots of good things going an this weekend, so feast your eyes down the page and-take your pick. AT TH CLUBS The Alibi -or some quiet folk music and singing, Bill Snyder will be at the Alibi Friday and Saturday night. There's no cover. Beef and BottleBeloved has just signed a new contract and will be playingfrom Tuesday to Saturday forthe next few weeks. There is no cover, but there is a Happy Hour every night between 9 and 10 p.m. with all drinks haf price, Bilbo and Gandoif's -Autumn will be there from Thursday to Saturday to play some good music from jazz to bluegrass. There's $1 cover on Friday and Saturday night. Canopy -The Hogtown Rounders will be there Thursday night and Will McLean and Don Grooms will bring more Bluegrass on Friday and Saturdr. .There a $1 cover every night. Cin City -,DJ. David Gootee will e playing discc nusic for all you dances. There's a $1 cover every night. Crusty Sean's Crabhouse -formerly The Keg. The whole place has been redecorated and seafood and mixed drinks are abeing served. There's steamed crabs, steamed shrimp and a sala ad bread bar will be open until 10 p.m. and sandwiches will be served until 1 a.m. Mystic Raven, a high energy rock band will be playing on Friday and Saturday nights from 9:30 to 1:30. $1 cover both nights. Dub's -More rock 'n roll disco, with Chickadee Special every Friday and Saturday. Females can get in and drink free between 8 and 10 p.m.General Gaines -Terri Salt, a pretty folk singer and guitarist, will be here to entertain you from 7 to 10 from Thursday to Saturday. There's no cover. Lasplighter. -Columbus, a rock band from Ohio, will be there this weekend. There's a $1 c9ver. Mad Monk's Inn -Flapjaw will be playing there tonight and you can hear acoustic music from Saildog o: Friday and Saturday night. And there's no cover. Orange and Brew -Carolyn McKeon will be playing guitar and singing this Friday and Saturday night. No cover. AT THE MOVIS CenterTheatre -Saturday and Sunday, $2.25 matinee, $2.75 night No beposit, No Return, 1:45, 4:15, 7 and 9:30. Gainesville Twin Drive In Theatre -Friday and Saturday, $2 Rollerball, 7:30,; Kansas City Bombers, 9; Mr. Majestic, 10:30; Earthquake, 7:30, 11; Silent Running. 9:35. PazaThoatre -$1.25 matinees, $2 after 2:30, $2.50 after 5 and Sundays. Gable and Lonbard, 2:30, 5, 7:30, 9:55; Track Down, 2, 4, 5:50, 7:50, 9:50. Retz Union .Great Waldo Pepper, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, 5,8, and 11; Chidren of Paradise, Sunday, 6 and 9:30. Royal Park Cnboasa -One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, weekdays, 3:30, 7, 9:30. S3; Hing Place, weekend, 1:30, 4:15, 7, 9.45, 3$ AP A M 08MU14. Caig.as -blas htand w il run through April 10th. The fpaI d_ (the ROTC Dria Field) will be open Ie t 1w to Thursday. 5 p.m. is 1 a.m. Friday, 12 noos to I a.m. Saturday, and 12 noon to 11 p.m. Sunday. Lotof free eatertama t too. 'ptraahi s' 4 at the hippodrome tomorrow sight through Apri 11. SpringAzt. & s#vs -begins Friday night and lasts -A-h-4 44'7 ols businesses, will run Saturdiy April 3 from 10 a.m. -6 p.m. and Sunday April4from I noon -6 p.m. The festival will feature as many as 350 artists, 250 of them competing for a total of $3,750 in cash prizes in paintings(oil, acrylics, mixed media), watercolor paintings, sculpture, graphics, prints and drawings, pottery, fiber art, leatherwork, jewelry, photography, and an open category. Eight local banks and businesses will grant a total of $1800 in purchase awards, agreeing to buy certain works they choose. One hundred spaces will feature non-competitive works. All art, competitive and non-competitive, is for sale to the public. The celebration will officially open Friday, April 2 at 8 p.m. with a performance entitled "The Poetic Theatre -Faces of Modern America." Double Entendre, special guest performers, will interpret and set to drama an anthology of poems by several artists, representing Modern America. This and all other performances will be presented at the Entertainment Area, located at the cornerof NE First Street and Sixth Avenue. Two one-act plays will be presented Saturday at 8 p.m. by the Santa Fe Community College Players, under the direction of Beverly Thomas. The group will perform "A Visitor from Forest Hills," an excerpt from Neil Simon's "Plaza Suite", and "This Property is Condemned" by Tennessee Williams at Kirby Elementary School Auditorium,' 619 E. University Ave., near the festival area. Other entertainment forthe festival includes: Saturday: I 1:0 Rollins Elementary School Bicentennial Pageant 12:00 Acoustic music group Fresh Heirs 1:00 Crossroad Singers 2:00 Santa Fe Community College Dance Company 3:00 Terwilliger Bicentennial Choir 5:00 University of Florida International Folk Dancers 5:3Q Rooster (a folk music group) Sunday: 12:00 Gainesville Civic Ballet 1:00 Gainesville Chapter of Sweet Adelines (a barbershop Quartet) -WA ITNG TO E SNOUGHT TO WIE .in naweat llppdrau predilaim 1:30 Gainesville Ballet Theatre 2:00 Gainesville Association for the Creative Arts 2:30 Gainesville Ballet Theatre 3:00 Sunland Chapel Choir (residents of Sunland Training Center) 4:00 University of Florida Dance Company 5:00 Dale Crider (an ecologyoriented music group) All entertainment is free to the public. A Children's Area will feature a "Kiddie Art Booth," a children's display area, a miniature petting zoo, a puppet show presented by the Gainesville Public Library, a bookmobile, a performance by a 14-year-old magician, pantomine presentations, storytelling, and displays by local and out-of-town nursery -middle and high schools. Festival Coordinator Karen Beach said the festival is "the largest, most comprehensive culturally-oriented event in this area of Florida." "The best aspect.is that it is entirely free of charge for spectators to spend a few hours or a whole day," she said. The festival is made possible in part through a grant from the Fine Arts Council of Florida, (an agency of the Dept. of State), and the National Endowment for the Arts (a federal agency). Last year, an estimated 40,000 people attended the festival during its two days. This year's activities should make for an exciting and enjoyable weekend. Hippodrome c rates new Frankenstein 'In a metaphorical melange of sights, sounds and movement, the Hippodrome theatre will explore the human psyche in a unique theatrical production of "Fiankenstein." Adapted from a five and a half hour play by The Living Theatre, an experimental theatre company, the Hippodrome will present their one and a half hour version over a ten day period, from April 2 to 11. Through dance, a synthesized music score and a background of slides, the Hippodrome will take Mary Shelley's character to abstract and philosophical depths that can frighten more than the original character can. AR of the action takes place in and around a two'story taalstructure with metaphorical "t iasne of our most technically ambitious shows," director Kerry McKenoey said. %sewh part is metaphorical but the saisin emphasis of the performance is on sai. Seven-out of the 42 ensemble performers are dancers. The play begins tomorrow at 8:15 p.m.td will be running through April I1. Tickets ar $2.50 on weekdays, $2Mdady, ad$3 Friday and Saturday. For eiiauai, call the Hippodrome box offie at 375-IPP. amlgator/MhUrS13/ TTlafM Nil I .0 

PAGE 24

I I I ~ a~1P :1t~ ~II t* ~j~jg~~jJ ~r6 ~i j~~2Ij2Iiiall. IlIo1 t.B is t~j~l~ I3~ ill. i jj tile Lai jj K 3J5i ll 13 c C, g ~~Id ~ ~fit r-A SYSi ~; ~ ~ Ej fill t I ~ see. '1 Li~i ~ ~ i ou,~-49 E E~.~r~j I1~JI~.I~ i gi f I -*d cc 1 Pil 4 4 I' --7 U a U' w IA 2 I we"I". 00P 049 I cc 49 U. 0, 54.w.> 49 8 1*. 41i i S ~ U IU 

PAGE 25

A I i ri allI ~1ILI "jill "' i A -0 0 -0 4[ 3 VID to 'P wj I" ?"f uf a Ic4 t ~11 1I1 14 ls j~~1t~r~ a lilt'i .~j !4 is it I ; *1 C 2 2 II I Lim 'to S9r -u a 3 Ii ~~ II~ )J~I R4 ~4 q4 if~ 1r I r 914. z 0 11 *1fl fi P fftirgi I~r[ [~~ iIIfill 1 C 2 if a I I a, E a, I K co 0) U a 4 UN 0 U m E .4 I I I I p I 

PAGE 26

pERONL PitoSOUAL PERSONAL SRVCS MV0 Thinksadent Goemment should rprnnest d nss. TedofltAeclosed deal system? SloteTogether -Bring reform. Call 378-8252; 392-0498; 375-6053 (j-lt-106-p) GOT A PET ROCK? Does it have a pedigree? If not, want, Ws genealogy? CallBuffalo, Bob, Price, Preacher of Goeognosy 392-2168 Nites after&. 373-1498 Except Wed & Sun. Donation 25t (-2t-106-p) SARAH COVENTRY JEWELRY For information on jewelry parties, purchasing endjob oppartanitiesgod Lid. at 3727907 an 292-2358 jIi'S'l6-p) Transfer students fr Community Coalgeo meet with counselors from your JR college on campus Apilt Disausstransfaring to UF 392-1308. (i-5-106-c) Volunteers needed for medical research. Possibiltyofearningupto150. Ifinterested come to rnom M439 Mod. Science Bldg. Shands Hopitol between 9-12 and 1-3, April 1. (j-3t-104-c) Learn to bake fine healthy breads on a workingman's schedule. Bagels pizza english muffins cohallah pita. beginners or intermediate 377-1934 (-5t-105-p) Learn Karate qualified instructor Il ages male & female now class startssoor $10.00 per mo. for further info.cal 373. 3252 or 378-1928 (i-5t-103-El I ACROSS Now In Stock S-52 $395. OM LIBRARY S.T se .5" 7".95 SSIlA ti9c9 ctaanmnetang nrphioes Paddi, Plaques, Mugs Desk, Pates,.Nome Togs;Door Signs 37B-8I04 caIl 10-00 a to 8:00 pm Class offr)d by pei. Arao, guiding spirits, post lives, brbs, heang, $15. 8 weeks. Madelyn Hoffman, 1723 NW 12 Rd 378-4390 (-5t-106-p) lam John, on enginennhlSenior, I soak an intimate fomole relation.preoably with a ladyoll shore room and board. I om serious, alNinquiries wilbeconfidetiolly answered. PO Box 13651. (i-2-106-p) Wanted Color TV No Questions 372-5694 (j-2t-106-p) Ta Ike astn tof Alpha Epilon Phi Thanks ho making my dream stch a beautiful reality, and Lisa, thankyou for making it so meaningful.and finally doud 9 ses the 12th of never andAEPhi sees why I o(on) cloud 9. Forever, Siter Pamela. (j-lt-106-p) Spring is here: Lend a hand and make a new friend Become a SAMSON voluntear. recruitment and orientation Tues. Apr 6, 7:30 p.m. McCarty Aud. for further infanmtion come by room 308J. Wayne Reitz Union or coil SAMSON 3921608 day or night (j-5I-105-c) Want to see some real excitement? Then co me tosetotrdeosponsorAdrythe UF Rodeo Club at thennotfield April 10at 1:00 p.m. (j-5t-1l05-p) ENG for foreignensPORT tutor. Groups ind 4 yrs exp CallBarbara after 5 376on my&at< c~ hseonp B-. Typing. caoe So nerp" n n-g.twgn service. MA in frenchingloh. car bepmale vc is with editing, col Jenny at 370 day $10.00 per m. funk rt .,ll 372or night on-S-8352 an 378-1958 (m--1031 23CHCBRADIOSAs-ow as 99Anetnos accessories instnallofion MOTHER SUCKERS CB sales Break Ch. 13 or call 273-2831 (-t-105-p)WEDDING INVITATIONS Two week do. livery. Hundreds of styles. Cliff Ha l Printing 1103 N. Main 376-9951. (j'501'0&.P) KARATE UNIFORMS All sis, bleached white. Korlte-Do 1215 N.W. 5h Awe., off N.W. 13tbSt. Mon. Wed, Fri., aft. 6 p.m. 378-7131 (i.EI-al LOST one pain of pr.scripflol glasses before break. somewhere near nowberry rd. & 34th St. if found pleaa cnal Burk 377-6990 reword. (1-5-105-p) LOST SR 50A 3/12/76 in Weil Hall. PLEASE RETURN. REWARD. Call Fred or Camille 375 -0719 (13t-106-p) Lost my keys, oh where did they go? Sugar Mountain key chain Please call 392-9755 or 372-1299 a reword will be given. (l-3t-106-p) Lost during exams, presc glasses, brwn froma, and case. Rewoard 378-4839 (-5t-106-p) LOST! cockar spaniel poppy, 6 no. blond mala, withcollar & tog in cinity oflNE bIvd REWARD! ColI392-4058 (9-5) or 378-4920 after 5 (1-5t-106-p) SERVICES WIRED FOR SGT TheyEYosaSuper Mont" UNIVERSITYOPTICIANS 30 S.W. 4Ah Ave. 378-4480 String on election boss bindi eidn ALL styles. Firstlessonfree Caosleymoa AkMu Ms(P1)373-6413 oftw~s. 3 SLEEPCHOLLOW horse form.ke niersest coetake huntsI lessons beautiful & well schosled basF. featffI lighted ring medium, was. so rry jumps, also dressage.LotAn bood yaw horse.We feature the fine m re with supenb acltiaeLs.enlals;leasfng by to nont only. Only 10 oinbils from canmpus37-804664.3 <(m-20t-10. ScuboClasses syotng April 13,14, 26, 29 egissn now-finishbehela-finals. Scuba equipment provided. 4 open Meon divas. Tom Allen co-bae Wild Kingdom T.V. Allen's Aquatic A Troll Ceste., Inc. 344 W. Univ. 373-923 (m-ir-10-c) SCUA lesso learn to dive the sale way alls saba ge povided 4 open wae dives PADI cant No eixnas united :ios space available for Adu registationc all 3734379 on com. by 1105 W. Univ. Ave. close to campus corse eAsMtasAil 4 nm.*-50"I Nenbalgy I and I (didanced) I week course in the comprehesve 'study of erblmne ., f.orm s. 0 n, dose aid tIkenapeall ppllcatlan. Reglesnaslan April5Sand 6 4t16 1Rpm. al Herb Ladylaotanicals, 17N.Mo:n Si. 3772153 tuition $15.00 (m.&-100.p) NOSREsOAWD an b bseed & i. Wag tells. iS-s.,we .$.6, AP-9C bess 5kv &le1W110") -II Texas Instrumns programmable slide -rule calculator Price 179.95 Now in Stock 0 100 Provegm Steps @4 kwok of subroutine 6 decisi1n Unftieis @2 ep central ietrumIns @10 oddrmsul. memorIes @9 level purenthesis *26 functions (trig. log, pOWm rS, ts, otk) *O Sorority Spring Rush Sign-up In 129 TilertWe.ed.y March 31 14 p.m. ThsnAdWy Apri 1 1-4 p.m. Msy Apri1 2 1-4 p.m. m.y .ei.ow .30 am6 IL PROFE IONAL STEEO REPAIRS sa o 20 percent. All brandsrepaied by licensed authorized technicln-1 day sonvic 90day wannanty "Na Rpoffs" 373-11)O Stop "Ripoffs" by stereo shops moneq saving speciais-ceOan A lube car 8track $10,95.turntblo $15 neal to ree rncorders$25sova373-1106 (m-10t-103Roan5250.00pen.thosand stuffling soldesieR asnopes at-boone. btlnfot' o"on: Send $1.00 plus addneswd, stamped envelope to Nesboy Associates Box 821 FG CovingtonKentucky 41012. (tn-4t-105-p) oigo, YMCA Scuba diving -an 8 wk fully certified couse. Classes meet evenings. Fee $35 optional eqaIpment rentol $10. Call the YMCA 3Y6-7172(m-2-105-p) GULTAR LESSONS exnrihed teacher beginning and intermediate, variety of technique and styles. phone 372-7672 (m-St-105-p) special off per hour with odd horseback -iding field or trail rockin m ranch south on 441 20 miles tel. 591-1347 (m-49t103.p) HYPNOSIS HELPS PEOPLE ATTAIN GOALS BY AIDING ANY PHYSICAL AND MENTAL ABILITIES STUDYIlNG MEMORY ATHLETICS. Donald G. Pratt, Director 3733059 itn-lt103-ni UNM FS 0 DRAORCIA frONa nmecn fore" MeOMe AV" 61.4 aMs -MF& p -----x I SALE MANY NEW ESNI -Factory ~ -Scond&Thisr-Fri-Sat-Sun AN& 1-414Oam-5pm IN THE OLD ICE HOUSE 1003-NW 41h St. 

PAGE 27

I 'Paradise'on the Floida track championship once during that period. Now he is interested in asking his young athletes "to do their best." Trip Psradlse.emember .-*5Itry to build up theis the name. confidence through experieNo, it'a atrav nce," Smith said. "I chalagent's sales ptch. It's not a lenge 'em. A lot of it's in new way to get high. It's the their minds." name of a 7-year-old boy from the Atlants are. do TPTOOMquIte anoexnI 'ever cursionoFiday morning as he travfrt& rq*Wrter M&l s g ~~=: give Up at the Flod a Ilays four times in slxmnutes and 39 onla id* seconds. It dgdnt break any world MdW bdthe's only You've got to been running since last Septem., of te be positive.' North $6,dmRunners, and bis s2Sprefswowylbwhim a spot In the hmale-dominaled tack club furjunior-R b r runews i the Ata aRobet into tonsaI ees ,'Red" Smith awards, Gatode, equip ment, and fte srvi of Robert "Red" Solth. A LOT OF fT has to be i Smith, along with five their bodies, too. Practice assistant coacsd run what conducted at a pair of hig must certaIny be described school fields in the Atlant as one of the advanced and area every Tuesday, Thurs suceessidl junior track clubs day, Saturday, and Sunday in America. In addition, every athlete o WNRE IU was asked the team is required to woi how many meets he has out one other day of th competed in, he answered week on his or her own. with a queston of his own. Trip claims he runs si "You mesa out of miles during workouts an town?" he asked with a three miles on his own t straIght face. other three days of the wee When a curly-haired kid, His coach modifies the stat age seven, counts his meets ment, claiming the training both in terms of out of town regimen varies among t meets and in-town meets, different age groups. you know he must be getting Smith's 7-9-year-olds ru some valuable experience. about 200 miles during He hac.TUS was third three-month period; his 1 'lout of tows" effort. and 11-year-olds runs 2 8M5W! SMDa took 16 miles; and the oldest groul of his 5W'#* Vie Florida the 12and 13year-olds, ru tet to a about 300 miles. aetI MeSMTH SAID trip is phl ~ very unusual 7-year-old. at (eorside from the fact that he ca gia TW"3e t# 1. run a mile faster than mar He won b IeMen colege students, his enthu Conference goss Country isaM for running is evident n es h ta Dn rk le ix ad he k. Iag he an a [050 un a Aan ny sin IyGAXA.N* out, they elminite temselves," Smith said. In other words, kids are not dropped from the club, they only leave when they decide track is not for them. "I don't ever give up on a kid. You've got to be positive," Smith intoned. And the Red Runners seem to thrive on it. As a flock of them crowded a-Meanwhile the rqprtar round to see what their times knees next to the peewee were In the mile run at the track star of the hour. "One Florida Relays, the track last questions: do you think club's president, John hiles, you want to nm track on the said, "Their times (the officcollegiate level, Trip?" ial times recorded by the The nodding head left no Relays' Judges) areit as acdoubt he wanted to run at curate as ours. They're not these Relays again. Look out, giving fractions (of secyou 1988 Olympians, there's onds)." 1 this kid from Georgia. The hurdle of exhaustion proves insurmountable for these-three miniathletes, above, of Saturday's Florida Relays. Trip Paradise, left, was the. big winner. his training regimen and outward enthusiasm. The Red Runners have only six boys and 34 girls. The club has been the state champs the last two years in cross country. Smith attributes his track coaching success to training of athletes in the club for nine months of the year, as opposed to most other clubs, which run only three months of the year. "WE ASK FOR total dedication," Smith said. By "total dedication" he means no other sports competldsn is allowed for club members. This is why many bps don't join the club. Joln'g the Northside RediRunnors means no Littltr Leagse baseball in the suMmer, no Junior league football in the fail, andno Boys Club basketball in the winter. Most boys, Smith claims, -are not willing to sacrifice all that and still pay the $25-per-year fee. One advantage of the Red Runners is that there is no such thing as not making the team. "WE DON'T KICK them -. .~ *,. ----&,---~.' -fw. dF -.FZ c r a5Iiggtgr/thu~~1py/~pril 1, 1976/V 6 

PAGE 28

,~ 4 al I 4.8} in 1 4 } ii dr I [1111 li i du IIia 2 ~i~I UI -------------11 
