
PAGE 1

OTHE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR (Surprise! We're Still With You) University of Florida, Gainesville Vol. 57, No. 127 Friday, April 2, 1965 .:::::::: AN EDITORIAL:-::-:.:+:-:.:-The UF Constitution says that: "The President shall bV the chief executive officer of the University shall exercise general supervision over all its activities. He shall have a veto power over all actions of committees, college faculties, and Councils and the University Senate. In all matters not otherwise provided for in the constitution and By-Laws he shall, under the Board of Regents, have plenary power." But more than this there are obligations to students faculty, and to self. There are pressures, not obvious to the casual observer, but there are rewards, not always obvious at first. There is above all the satisfaction of a job well done. Congratulations Dr. J. Wayne Reitz. The Alligator and the University are extremely proud of you! 'That's what you get with a farmer' At the time of Dr. Reitz' appointment as president of the UF he was serving as Provost of Agriculture. The day after his appointment the ROTC drill field was plowed up (in preparation for reseeding). The comment was heard around campus, "That is what you get when you appoint a farmer." Police apologize to Freedom Forum By FRAN SNIDER explaining the incident. Staff Writer "Shortly after midnight Monday The Gainesville chief of police night, a Detective requested one of apologized to Freedom Forum the patrol officers on late night duty members yesterday for the actions to check the Freedom Forum Headof two Gainesville police officers quarter and if he .found it open early Tuesday morning. to bring him some of their litThe two officers entered the erature. At approximately 3:15 a. Freedom House at 1639 N.W. Ist m., two patrol officers parked their Ave., at about 3:25 a.m. Tuesday. cars in front of the Freedom ForThey left.the house carrying a white um Headquarters and checked the bundle under their arm according building. The rear door was found to Ronald Arons, 3AS, who was open and they entered the building. sitting across the street in the "The officers looked through the Gator Groomer Lundrymat. building, picked up several pieces William D. Joiner, Gainesville of printed material stacked on tachief of police, issued a statement See 'FREEDOM' p. 2 The first of this month, Dr. J. Wayne Reitz started his eleventh year as UF president. A dinner held last night marked the ocassion. It was a family affair, a family of over 650 students, teachers, and friends. Mrs. Reitz said Monday that she and her husband had been asked to hold Thursday evening open. They had no idea what was being arranged. Vice President Harry M. Phillpot presented Dr. Reitz with a set of gold clubs. "On investigating the (gift selection) committee decided his clubs were no good anyway," Dr. Phillpot said. In a more serious vein, Dr. Reid Poole presented Mrs. Nancy Wallace Royster with the Frances Millikan Reitz Award for the outstanding student in Music. Mrs. Royster sang at the gathering but was unaware ** Blue Key visits Tallahassee See Story, pictures, on Page 3 iU that she was to receive award. Mrs. Reitz established the award to be given to the outstanding student musican selected by the music faculity. Harry M. Philpott was toastmaster for the occasion. Dr. and Mrs. Reitz were greeted by speakers representing university groups; Bruce Culpepper, President of the Student Body; E. Lamar Sarra, Past President of the University of Alumni Association; Mrs. Frank E. Maloney, past president of the University of Florida Women's Club and Dr. H. Philip Constans, professor of speech representing the faculty. No invitations were issued to state dignitaries, Dr. Philpott said. UF student condit ion serious after operation Harold Daniel Mock, while he was holding 3EG, is in serious conthe lead pipe. As Mock dition at the J. Hillis Was getting in the car, Miller Health Center an M-80 shot out of the after undergoing an pipe and struck him in operation which rethe abdomen, accordmoved an M-80 from ing to William G. his back yesterday Cross, assistant to the morning. Dean of Men. The M-80, an exThe three immeplosive similar to a diately drove to the J. cherry bomb, entered Hillis Miller Health his stomach, going Center where Mock through the left lung, was admitted at 12 and lodged in his back midnight. Wednesday night. The names of the Mock and two other other two students university students have not been released were in Beta Woods as yet. shooting M -80's through a lead water Ba bo l is pipe with a gunpoweder charge, when the misre-elected hap occurred, officials sources said yesterFlavet Village III voters day. h c turned out yesterday in record After hearing cars numbers to re-elect a mayor coming toward th eir for the first time in villagel direction the boys fled history. Mayor Andy Baboulls to the auto in which received 332 votes to Ayt: they had arrived. Norrisn292. Twelve village tnae of the boys commissioners were val1o jumped into the car -electd. UF, friends salute Reitz anniversary SEE MORE ON REITZ CELEBRATION ON PAGE 2 ...:. 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1965 Dr. and Mrs. Reitz celebrate 10th UF anniversary. Frances Milikan Reitz, wife of brated her 10th anniversary as present the university and the a week later, Mrs. Reitz said, do what one would like is one (f the preakent of the UF. celethe universities official hostess state," said Mrs. Reitz* one of the group delivered a minthose frustrations she said. ~~, yeterday. Studentsdo the mst unexpectstore doll for the collection in Awybendrsed toreiv "Neither of us thought we would ed things," said Mrs Reitz. One the study. people is another handycap, Mrs. last this long," said Mrs. Reitz. day three students were out walkAlthough the life of a university Reitz said. This year the Reit' Asan official hostess Mrs. Reitz ing and decided they would like president and his family is reare going to a mountain cabin fsr gives about 50 functions a year. to see the house, she said. Mrs. warding, there are frustrations, a few weeks "so we can dress i-'Ab -, AdM si Ms Reitz. Finding time to as we please," she said. Tigert The Richer Petition will not be presented in public to either UF President J. Wayne Reitz or UF Vice-President Harry M. Philpott, according to Lucien Cross, the chairman of the Faculty Dismissal Investigation Committee of Freedom Forum. Cross said that the group intended to present the petition asking for reinstatement of Edward Richer, humanities instructor, to Reitz or Philpott on the steps of Tigert Hall next Monday afternoon at 1:30. Philpott said that members of Freedom Forum came to his office to discuss the presentation. "'They said they wanted to have a demonstration in front of Tigert and present the petition. I told them it. would have to be discussed further," Philpott said. He added that they said they were going to see if they could get a university official to accept the petition publically. Cross said that RobertB. Mautz, vice president in charge of acaEducation Two UF College of Education professors received a $34,000 grant from the United States Office of Education effective yesterday. Dr. William M. Alexander, chairman of the Division of Curriculum and Instruction and Dr. Vynce A. Hines, Coordinator of Educational Research were named recipients of the grant. The grant will be used to finance a project titled, "Independent Study in Secondary School." This project will provide a description and analysis of indepeneat study practices in selected secondary schools, Dr. Alexander said that the independent study movement in Colleges and universities has been moving Into the realm of the secondary senior schools. Under inepndent study, a student Is permitted to work on an individual project under the supervision of an instructor. According to Dr. Alexander, the blgget advantage of independent study is "at tiM studentsWQ are slwier t. ahir c -.t or more MdANa"ed ea ase ae Ib "Where ever we go we still re. The presidency of a university is not a job, but a way of life. The day always starts between 7:30 and 8:30 a.m. and often does not end until 10 or 11 p.m. A lunch break often includes reading over reports for a conference in the afternoon, or hosting a luncheon for visiting committees. "I had doctors orders to go home and take a nap at noon.I don't get to do it more than once in three or four weeks," Dr. Reitz said. There are a great number of out of town trips the president must make. Just recently Dr. and Mrs. Reitz returned from Brazil where Dr. Reitz attended a conference p(eitz showed hi ImirougiS u .and the man on the job ican States. They have also attended Ford Foundation conferences in Latin America. Office days are taken up with appointments, conferences, interupted by phone calls. "There are days that I ask that there be no appointments", Dr. Reitz said, so that he may catch up on administrative details. Dr. Reitz said he tries to meet with students and student groups as often as possible. Traditional meetings are held with such groups as Blue Key tapees and newly elected student government officers. Dr. Reitz keeps close tabs on the everyday running of the university by meeting three times a to take petition demic affairs, said that he would accept the petition publically. Philpott said that the procedure of the administration is to arrange an appointment and have the petitions brought to the president's office and presented there. Cross said that the committee will hold a rally Monday at noon in the Plaza of the Americas. "We hope that the administration will accept the petition publically," Cross said. "If not, concerned students will enter Tigert to present the petition." He said that the group would prefer to present the petition publically. "We contend that no group of five or ten students adequately represent the students who signed the Richer petition. Furthermore, since the way we went about getting signatures and the demands made in the petition are public in nature, a private presentation of the petition would be in direct opposition to the nature of our protest," Cross said. He added, "The purpose of this rally is to publically show that a group of students is interested in the circumstances surrounding dismissal cases in general and Richer's petition in particular."' He emphasized that the demonstration was in no way to be considered a sit-in or picket line as occurred at Berkeley last fall. ..Continued from p. 1 Monday night incident used poor bles in different locations and left judgement. by the front door. "For this, we apologize to the Joiner said that it was apparent members of Freedom Forum," he that the officers involved in the said. profs receive grant dependent study to help them proEnglish, the Social Sciences and gress. There are study programs in in the Sciences. REMODELING SALE ON SPRING & SUMMER FASHIONS Dresses, Suits, Coordinates Including Arnels, Cottons, Linens WERE $12 $20 $35 NOW $7.88 $14.88 $22.88 Skirts, Slacks, Blouses REDUCED SPECIAL on Petti Pants VALUES TO $3 EACH .NOW $1 each .311 NW 13th Street FR 2-1581 FREEPARKING CENTRAL CHARGE On non-working days the Reitzes may attend or host coffees, luncheons, and banquets, attend various meetings and then in the evening open a special showing at the Florida State Museum or attend the Military Ball. Sundays may include a breakfast for fourty at 9 and a reception in the afternoon, in addition to attending church services. WORK IN EUROPE Giand Duchy of LuxembourgYou can still get a summer job in Europe and a travel grant through the American Student Information Service. ASIS is also giving every applicant a travel grant of at least $250. Wages are as high as $450 a month. Such jobs as resort hotel, office, sales, factory, farm, camp and shipboard work are available. Job and travel grant applications and full details are available in ad36-page booklet which students may obtain by sending $2 (for the booklet and airmail postage) to Dept. R, ASIS, 22 Ave. de la Liberte, Luxembourg City, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. "The thing I am interested in is advancing and promoting the interest of the UF as an academic community. .Everything we do is geared to this," Dr. Reitz said. ''All university presidents worthy of the name use, their time to make theirs a better institution," he said. Now Earring Fad! All 6 Pair 2 50 plu 10% tax Six woys to took exotic! Heavenl y, color. ful drops slip-on in seconds. Typical set icludes colorfulceramicsgoss, l n tique metal, etc. You get 6pair oflearring drops plus your choice of pierced look", screw-type holders or 14-kara gold pieced eoa wi'e .oll fo $2.50. (Or 12 different pair and wire for $4.00.) Cole* oad styles of drops may vary. Add 10% Federal Toe. Postpaid The Play Time 283 Broadway. Arlington, Mass. MAL TNIS CONVENIENT COUPON TODAY! I e O% ,ax.chk Line[t *a.t wir. 0 Pirced-Nook holder NAME |ADDRESS -CITY0NE_-STATE OOL/ \ The glowing light of a diamond is a wonderful thing, but there's more to a diamond than the sparkle. It takes an expert to determine the value of diamonds, and integrity to price them -ight. We have both. Exclusive Dealer tor Artcarved Gem Diamonds 105 1w. WrIYRSIT AY. a *-25. Reitz first enters the on Higher Education in the Amerweek withtheexecutive committee. o ffic e of president, ....... April 1, 1955. ALL REITZ STORIES BY -4ALLIGATOR STAFFER JANE YOUNG *N:::::::::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: '47 b l il ..VJ%,o. I A 

PAGE 3

Friday, April 2, 1965, The Florida Alligator, Page 3 Blue Key gets grand tour of state capitol =ALI Florida Blue Key brothers at session in Executive Director J. Broward Culpepper. Florida Blue Key brothers got the "grand tour" on their trip to Tallahassee last week where they met and spoke with Gov. Haydon Burns and other leading state officials. They dinned with Gov. and Mrs. Burns and had an informal discussion after dinner. The Cabinet meeting room was the first stop in the round of tours, at which time they met Gov. Burns; Tom Adams, secretary of state; and Doyle E. Conner, commissioner of agriculture. The officials spoke briefly with the brothers before thegroupleft to tour Adams' office and then on to the Senate Chamber. Upon entering the Senate Chamber, the Blue Key members spied the plush red leather chairs and quickly piled into them and relaxed while James E. (Nick) Conner, president of the senate met with the group. The brothers then ventured into the House of Representatives and met with E. C. Rowell, speaker of the House. Rowell spoke to the group and answered a few questions. While in the House, the FBK brothers were shown the automatic voting machines which consisted of big boards on both sides of the speaker's podium. Beside each Reitz and Culpepper were meetname were red and green lights ing with Gov. Burns during the which stand for yes and no. On day and their appearance was a each desk is a switch which when surprise to Blue Key members. used, lights up the boards and a completely automatic computer to"Knowing the reputation of the tals the yes and no's and whovoted Florida Blue Key chapter, prohow. bing and possibly embarrasing The Supreme Court building was next and the final spot before leaving for the Governor's mansion for dinner. Pres. J. Wayne Reitz, and J. B. Culpepper, Executive Director Board of Regents along with Gov. Burns met the group when it arrived. questions will probably be asked," said Gov. Burns, (laughter from brothers). Burns went on to say, "Of Reitz and Culpepper of course, not me." The "closed door" cabinet meeting was one topic brought out in questioning by Blue Key members. "Closed door meetings of this sort are a necessity for the proper functioningof the government," commented Gov. Burns. According to Gov. Burns, there have always been closed door meetings but in the past they were held at restaurants or the home of one of the cabinet members or the governor's mansion. Gov. Burns was further questioned as to the reason for such "closed door" meetings. "At such meetings the discussion is usually centered around requests by state agencies for special permission to alter the procedures set down by the cabinet," relied Burns. sets out on tlhe coolest sum mner cruise Where but in India, celebrated for fierce noonday sun, could be discovered a more colourful cure for the problems of heat? Once again, the Proprietor suggests a goodly supply of Madras garments for the tropic cruise now beginning. A f 3s.UtaNgE T 13 W. UNIVERSITY I .aWLCA" A&a F 

PAGE 4

Page 4, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1965 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR Served By United Press International ERNIE LITZ STEVE VAUGHN JOE CASTELLO Editor-in-Chief Managing Editor Executive Editor LOU FERRIS ANDY MOOR Editorial Page Editor Sports Editor Hats off This week the Gator salutes Dr. John A. Harrison, who will leave his position as Chairmain of the History Depar tment on May 31, to begin his duties as Assistant Dean of the Graduate School at the University of Miami. We take this opportunity to salute a man who is known by many names to those at the UF --teacher, scholar, friend and man devoted to the education of young minds. He stands as one who has proven that a university professor can attain tenure, publish scholarly works and still devote himself to teaching, without neglecting all fields of endeavor. When a trimester has ended, another class of students rushes forth to spread the word about a 'darned interesting guy,'" who teaches in the history department. What greater tribute can be paid to a teacher? We say "teacher" in the fullest sense of the word because his students invariable rise to the demanding challenges his lectures inspire. Through the sixteen years Dr. Harrison has taught at the UF, he has worked his way up through the hierarchy to attain the standing as head and Chairman of the Department--acknow ledged by his employers as a leader. He has been a Fulbright Fellow in Japan, 1952-53, a Ford Foundation Fellow, 1955-56 and a visiting professor at Harvard University, in 1958. Dr. Harrison received his Ph. D. at Berkeley in 1949 and was a lecturer in Japanese Civilizations, in the Institute of Russian and Oriental Languages there. He has published numerous articles and books on the history of Eastern Asis: "Early and Medie-al Japanese Historiolgraphy", in 1959; "Ainu of Northern Japan", 196 and was coauthor of "KoreanAmerican Relations", 1951. To Dr. Harrison we say, "good-luck," and we'll miss you. Unattended Editor: I would like to take this time to commend a fellow cabinet officer of mine, Andy Hall, Secretary of Organizations. Saturday March 20, Andy held a conference for all of the organizations on this campus. Less than twenty people were in attendance. Those that were absent missed a fine and thorough presentation rof how organizations can use the publicity outlets andorganizational facilities available to them. But more important, they missed a very fine talk on leadership by Dr. Rosenbaum. I sincerely hope that these organizations will not miss this opportunity if it is ever offered to them again. Mike Malaghan Secretary of Interior EDITORIAL STAFF: Mark Freeman and Stan Kulp cartoonists), Sharon Kelley (Student Government Beat Chief). Lee Alexander, Yvette Cardozo, Agnes Fowles, Dan Taylor, Jay Foley, Sam Ullman and Jane Young (Tigert Beat Chief), Woody Leonard, Nancy Van Zile, and Linda Cody, Bob Wilcox, Drex Dobson REPORTERS: Carl Brown, Bob Wilcox, Dee Wright. Steve Xanar, Judy Knight, Ann Carter, Thelma Mossman, Fran Snider, Cynthia Tunstall, Karen Vitunac, Ami Saperstein, Bill Lockhart, Drex Dobson, Eunice Tall, Kay Huffmaster, Jeffrey Denkewalter, 0,8. Corseri and Ken Simon. THE GATOR SALUTES r K ILe Not in America EDITOR: I certainly am glad the Alligator has finally gotten an aware, responsible editorial writer. Lou Ferris has definitely brought the facts about Selma into the open and he sure has expressed a forthright opinion on the matter. I too am very tired of hearing about those Negroes demonstrating and getting beaten in Alabama. I wish those people would just go home and hide, or whatever they do when they're not publicity-hunting, and give the world a little respite from their constant harangue. My Lord, just because they're beaten sometimes and they aren't allowed to vote and they can't get decent schools, and they have to use separate rest rooms and drinking fountains and they can't get decent jobs, why do they have to make such a big fuss about it? If they would just wait a while, their white big brothers will take care of them; after all there is more food on the table every day and that means more table scraps. Lyndon Johnson is working day and night for these people, trying to get them registered to vote. After all he had that voter registration bill prepared and sent to Congress long before these demonstrations started. Why, just think of all those moving speeches he's made about those conditions In Alabama, and he's done more than talk about it. Our President has spent many sleepless nights just trying to jind a way in which to spare some troops from Viet Nam to protect those Selma agitators. It's just unfortunate that right at this time there is such a real and pressing danger in S. E. Asia and we're being forced to fight a life-and-death struggle with such an evil enemy so that we can't afford to maintain two fronts. I simply cannot understand why these people can't or won't be more patient. If they would just hold their horses ( that's a figure of speech, I know Alabama negroes can't own horses, they're all needed for the sheriffs' poses to break up dangerous demonstrations), if they would just wait a little longer, the courts will take care of them and see that justice is done. And if it doesn't happen during their lifetimes, they can die happy in the knowledge (if they don't die too suddenly) that their children will benefit, or at worst, their grandchildren. After all, the Civil war was only a hundred years ago, scarcely three generations, and look at all that's been accomplished since then. Yes, Lou Ferris certainly has a refreshing viewpoint. We all know there wouldn't be any violence in Alabama if not for those demonstrations. Why there hasn't been a lynching around there for months, and the KKK has just about changed into a social club, almost like a college fraternity. I certainly hope we get more of this variety of informed, responsible journalism and less rabblerousing. It sure is disturbing seeing pictures of police on horseback, clubbing and whipping unarmed people in the streets. I just know those pictures were faked, things like that just don't happen in AMERICA. Morton H. Hantman 'lAS, Teaching Asst., Dept. of Philo. FARCICAL EDITOR: When the editor of a student subsidized and "student run" newspaper perceives a significant student protest against the editorial policies of THE STUDENTS' NEWSPAPER as "farcical," perhaps it is time to begin to question that editor regarding his perception of editorial responsibility. Mr. Lit defied anyone "to find me any newspaper that will allow the editor to be told what to print by anyone except the publisher." What does that mean on the UF campus? Who is the "publisher"--the Board of Student Publications, the administration, Zuber PTA, local merchants, or the UP studet body Dave Lawrence (ex-Aligator editor) was answerable only to the student body. He was fired! A similar perception of responsibility was held by the Berkley editor. He was fired! Is your job secure, Mr. Litz? Mr. Litz, do the students have a right to know why: --The Alligator (March 29) contained 234 column inches of advertising and less than 16 column inches of student opinion? --The Alligator failed to report that an Alligator staff sports writer "sat in" at the "farcical" demonstration to protest censorship of his column? What was the nature of this censorship? --The editorial editor-writer ( Ferris ) decides whether any letters contrary to his opinions shall by published? Is it possible that these decisions might involve a conflict of interests? --How many letters have been published, RE: "pull out of Viet Nam?" How many have been received? --Mr. Ferris told the demonstrators that he censors out "inflammatory" letters; inflammatory to whom? Are "inflammatory" and "thought provoking" synonomous? -L. G. Ritt, 7AS According to EDITOR: Webster's "We are protesting.," These words punctuate a trimester long to be remembered as a "'Protestemste." Protestationrby a group which deplores the lack of the right of free assembly and yet holds a four hour meeting in the Plaza of the America's to tell the student body that they have no opportunity to protest. Next we see an attack on the editor of the Alligator for failing to publish the letters from the protestors who are protesting the lack of facility to protest in the columns of the college daily. Those who walked by the now familiar picket line and received a copy of the unsigned handout may perhaps detect a slight possibility that with the exception of item No. 6 (The Arab Gator Editorial) points 1-5 are closely allied to the group which would probably change the name of the Alligator to the Selma Student! Furthermore the mimeographed publication seemed to lack the objectivity that was stated to be required in campus publications, little more clarity is indicated in answer to the following questions: 1. What prompted the threat to kill the student? 2. How valuable is hearsay evidence? 3. Does the publication of a Selma Special iss of the Alligator indicate the editor's lack of consideration for the cause? 4. Was the letter a repeatversion of what ha already been published? 5. Was the content of Mr. Graham's article coverage of sports activity? A newspaper editor has the responsibility to ed This duty according to Webster's dictionary me "to govern the policy of a newspaper; to deci what is to be published." Certainly it is tO be ex pected that said editor will see fit to air both side of the student opinion but his position as editor, defined, indicates a certain degree of Freedo (01 Glorious Word) to be selective in regard items for publication. Unless the role of the editor is modifiedthere two alternatives available to the group: ITo capture the editorship of the Allig when it neat becomes vacant, or: 2. To publish yet another paper providing outley for their point of view. Such action wo surely appeal to the "apathetic type student" w comes to this institution merely to study in p viding him with some light reading material his long leisure hours. Antony F. Walsh, 4 i --- 

PAGE 5

IsI (Ed. Note: This is the first of a series of two columns on the plight of the student dissatisfied with his educational experience. The author is a pledge in Tau Beta Pi, honorary engineering fraternity, and wrote this paper in competition with others in his pledge class. He won first prize and his paper is being forwarded as the UF chapter's entry in the national contest of the fraternity.) A COMMON UNDERLYING cause of student discontent, whether violent or repressed, is the student's feeling that he is being shortchanged of his education dollar. A STUDENT m a y concern a major partof his pre-college years with preparation for college entrance competition. He is reminded as early as the latter part of grade school that he must achieve to be accepted.Increasing numbers of would-be students make competition ever keener. COLLEGE ATTENDANCE may often mean financial hardship fo the student's family. When the student finally arrives at his goal of acceptance he has great expectations and a right that the university aim toward their fulfillment. BUT WHAT WILL he find when he arrives at college? He will usually be disappointed when he finds out that the university is not geared to him, the undergraduate, the untouchable peasentry of the university's feudally stratified society. T H E DISAPPOINTMENT is more acute at the larger institutions. The student is appalled by the atmosphere that their sheer size and expenditure on noneducational activities creates. SAID CLARK KERR, "The multiversity is a confusing place for the student. ..He has problems establishing identity. ..the walking wounded are many." IN THIS CLIMATE student reaction can frequently be open rebellion, but more often it is alienation to college life in general. The m a s s e s take the simplest route, withdrawal. There is a resulting lack of enthusiasm and participation in student government, publications, and soco-political organizations. THIS WITHDRAWAL is often mistermed "apathy" by those shallow leaders who oversimplify the causes. They would hope to correct the situation by firing the students with such a charged and bitter word. Many of these "apathetic" students are simply trying to meet the problem, as best as they are able, on an individual basis. IGNORING THE choatic elements of the malignancy in which they live, they are trying to satiate their desire to learn and understand; they are inthelibrary, the study lounge, or their rooms, TloOeRf Shoe Repair Sho HEELS ATTACHED 5Mins. SOLES ATTACHED 15 Minis. At Two Location CAROLYN PLAZA FR 6-0315 And 101 N. Main St. Opp, 1st Nat'l Bank FR 6-51 Student Discontent= he Shortchanj sacrificing sleep and Sundays to fill the ferocious gaps their indifferent professors have left in the courses. THE LEAST RETURN a student expects on his education dollar is good consciencious teaching. Unfortunately this is the point of least emphasis at most colleges. BEFORE EVER PRONOUNCING the condemnation "Apathetict" consider the plight of a student faced with lectures which, described in the words of "The Berkeley Slate," are "dull, pedantic, and largely irrelevant," or, as is often the case, simply unorganized and incoherent. STUDENTS FACE these atrocities and many others on a day to day basis at this country's reknowned institutions of higher learning. While the highly paid professors of prominence, so sought after to give a school high standing, are busily engaged in research work, there are myriads of junior instructors and graduate assistants on which to throw "that troublesome burden of teaching undergraduates." WE NEED NOT point personal accusation at the professors, nay, forgive them for the know not what they do to education. They are the victims of their environments; they look not upon teaching with willful disdain, they simply find it a stumbling block in the path toward professional attainment. The problem is one of misguided goals and false criteria rather than ill intent. TO FURTHER the professors defense, let us step back and examine the environment in which they function, the American university. Colleges claim tobeovercrowded, short of funds and faculty and physical fixtures. THIS MAY well be the general case, and it makes the colleges' goals more difficult to achieve. The more distressing situation Is that the means which are at hand are not being put to proper use. THE PROBLEM, de-emphasis of teaching in favor of other activities, is most acute at what is now being labeled the multiversity. In these massive complexes, with student populations of over 10,000, on sprawlingor miltiple campuses, encompassing miltimillion dollar facilities, the prevailing emphasis is on continued growth. IN A MANNER analogous to the disorganized reproduction of cancerous cells in the human body, stealing vital nutrients, demanding and interfering with the normal body's functioning, the multiversity's desire for physical growth is insatiable. THE HUNGER PREVADES the administration, the faculty and the ged alumni. In many cases wher multiversity is the state un sity, tangible unversity grow can be reckoned in dollars cents, together with recogi that will be echoed in the media, are foremost in the politician's concern. THE MONETARY demand support the growth is colas Where does it come from private schools student tuil generally are an insufficient tribution to university expert at the state schools appropria by the state legislature take this portion of the responsib: but these too fall short of multiversity's needs. The Alligator for the announcement of our forthcoming move to a new location. Until then, come see us franklin S" Vjowii a 0e1 U 401 W. Univ. Ave, -U-0 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR -c Alligator circulation This card saves you money at Sheraton OOWHere's how to get yours: r------------------1 Dear Sheraton: Send me an application for a free Sheraton student ID card for room rate discounts at Sherstons all over the world. Name StreetI city State Zip Sewd to COLLEGE RELATIONS DIRECTOR, ftha Hotels W 0o.O nOsC.U1 t 95 Sheraton Hotels&AMotorlInns Friday, April 2, 1965, The Florida Alligator, Page 5 e the -WRITE YOUR iverth as and nation WN TICKET mass state Ito ssal. ? At tons conases; tions over Ility, the w A' I -I Cal university extension 2832 Ask for advertising. WRITE 13,000 OF THEM -. 

PAGE 6

A. Tka F l Alint;o~r Frrinv. Anril 2. 1965 weekly pagefeaturing news and views of UF fraternities and sororities ** SIGMA CHI Sigma Chi held its Sweetheart Weekend last week. Friiay evening featured a formal dinner-dance at Silver Springs. Selected as the Sweetheart of Sigma Chi was Edie McLaughtin (ADPI). Her court consists )f Susan Dorn, Pat Heath, Betty Jean McNail (DGs), Barbara carter (KAT), and Carol Dorn I1). Sigma Chi was afforded several more honors this week through the selection of Bill Hartman, Vernon Swartsel, and Dick Adams for the University's Hall of Fame and listing in "Who's Who in American Colleges." Vernon Swartsel was also selected as the Outstanding Student Leader of the Year. Elected to office in Gamma Theta Chapter of Sigma Chi this week were: David Echols, Consul; Jim Cummings, Promanager; Bill Blomgren, treasurer; Mike Coates; corresponding secretary; Larry Gross, recording secretary; George Stuart, Editor; Joe Lebas, social chairman; John Briggs, House manager; Dave Rawlins, rush chairman; Tom Hurst, Intramurals chairman; Tom Woodward, yardbird; and Monte Being, pledge trainer. ALPHA GAMMA RHO New officers of AlphaGamma Rho are: Nobel Ruler -JohnDouthat; Vice Noble Ruler -Charles Hendry; Secretary, Glenn Walden; Treasurer -Paul Williams; Reporter -Bill Purdue; Alumni Secretary Mickey Fries; Pledgemaster Paul Mott; Chaplain -Jerry Lawrence; Usher -Tim Hurner; Kitchen Manager -Tommy Harper. TAU KAPPA EPSILON New officers of Tau Kappa ?,psilon fraternity are: Prytanis -John Healy Jr. Epiprytanis -Doug Bell; Gramateus -Tommy Banks; Crysophylos -Adrian ZabolaJr.; Hypophetes -Wes Watson; Histor -Bret LeRoux; Pyortes -Chip Walker; Hegemon -Earnie Haslam. PHI KAPPA PSI Phi Kappa Psi is pleased to announce their new brothers for this trimester: Brad Williams, Allan Porter, Garnell. REVIE!TING SPRIN Rodgers, Bob Ruffner, and NITY'S 26 ALUMNI Truman Kapote. Phi Psi has elected Tim Watkins, director Litsch as "Phi Kappa Psi John Douthat, Alpha pledge of the year." This honor isaccordedtothe pledge Institute of Food ai showing the greatest improvedent of the Florida me* in an academic year. THE GREATER GAIKESYIL MAIMACOUNT G ACTIVITIES OF ALPHA GAMMA RHO FRATERCHAPTERS.in Florida are (from left) Dr. M. 0. of the Florida Agricultural Extension Service; Gamma Rho president; Dr. E. T. York Jr., Provost, nd Agricultural Sciences; and Sandy Johnson, presiAlunni Association of Alpha Gamma Rho. 1.3 DELTA PHI EPSILON D Phi E's are active on campus. Lynn Wolly was elected president of Mortar Board; Marilyn Shinbaum, president of Hillel organization; and Beth Draselsky, editor of the Seminole for next year. Donna Berger, lUC,was chosen as a new cheerleader and Linda Weinberg, 3ED, was elected to the first runner-up position in the Delta Upsilon fraternity sweetheart contest. ALPHA DELTA PI Edie McLaughlin was chosen as the Sweetheart of Sigma Chi at their weekend at Silver Springs last weekend. The ADP are having their weekend at the University Inn this Saturday. It will be a luau and the King of Diamonds will be announced for next year. KAPPA ALPHA THETA Kappa Alpha Theta honored its housemother, Mrs. Elenor Har, S u n d a y by attending church together and at a banquet. "Aunt El's" first year at Florida has been a great success with the Thetas. GroundbCaking for the new Kappa Alpha Theta house will be on April 10. Representatives from alumnae chapters throughout Florida will attend the ceremony marking the beginning of construction for the house to be openext year. ci. ,.0 .>.!.,.ee -gopi iUiu Look ales j 10 yea main o4 v h a 2 The a Ow, OWN 4~ Gain I of he inesaf 3 Re forge Pa ieli m k Bob yard ill Meet an 4r to Y hon re.n a ovp icing 100 thce hap 5 w hat cloive pide heee loub (reati 6 t the frail hoA j,1 to AVG a 0 "( Weteri curbs, germs i the 6 everY U It at ;e )d a f p h( bl ri wv -pow FE, Il 4"i IRb4C. I h (, 

PAGE 7

Friday, April 2, 1965, The Florida Alligator, Page 7 a's how to hem --Special copies of Readers Digest articles To acquaint you with the interesting articles you would most like to read. Circle with pencil We'll send you free copies of the five articles and features in April Reader's Digest, we the numbers of these five articles, or features, you have chosen without obligation. make this special offer: on the coupon below. Then mail coupon to us This offer is good for only soen days, so From the descriptions below, pick the five with your name, address, and college class. send us the coupon TODAY. the Jobs Are: The New selling .1,500,000 new will open up in the next ..And let Lester Velie hy he day of the salesing on a smile and a is gone. Read how single sale may take up ..and why selling is Id route to management! angers of Being Your or. Canyou identifythe of "bromide intoxicaname the sleeping pill ight make you helpless fection? Here are some adly dangers of using a pills -or taking 2 medihesame time, plus guidemedicl authorities. tienchley:The MostUble Caracter I've Mt. ht-actor Marc Connelly about his amazing, his nd unpredictable friend, chley. Read how at Harwrote about the fishing from the viewpoint of ..and why, "Just to was a tonic. Spending g with him was a boon." gs in a Valley: A Letter dest Grandchild. Listen, r what would you like about handling liquor, d cars?-About how to ppiness, conquer fear? king back on 40 years of. grandmother passes on ome pointers that may heartaches, help build r future. To Tell a Man from a The man? He's the one he realist -strong, deeat presence of mind in But what about the e can't do? With happy is wife notes some of ings -proving beyond at this remarkable hecan't function without a Dead-End Road for pout. "If someone had me -." That's the repeated over and over d(ropoutswhosaid, "I'm I can make it." Read raging it is to be "last rs; fired--and going no.And why to the quesIs it really that bad?" orter says: "The answer sorse!" I Poisoning-And Now I It. Last year there was increase in -lueUoais I poisoning caused by a ,m which affects chicken at. Read why freeing )ut does not kill many .why home canning can sadly bolsm ...and mple precautions which >usehold should take. LTRi 8 That Charming Cheater, the Chipmunk. He's a thief, he's a rodent, he eats flower bulbs and garden vegetables ...but who can resist this little 2-ounce striped busybody? Read how he digs out his neat, underground home-complete with toilet!how he sings to his bride, and how to tame him in 3 (lays! 9 What the Population Explosion Really Means. Busines likes to think "baby booms" mean greater prosperity ...But read why even the most optimistic economists "are convinced the current golden age of American prosperity cannot last more than 10 years" unless women start limiting themselves to 2 children! 10 What Concentration Can Do for You. Want to get ahead?Get more fun out of your work? Then, says this psychologist, learn how to concentrate! Most of us, he says, have the same fundamental equipment asa genius-but "the difference is the way we use it." Here's how to start self-training. 11 It Pays To Increase Your Word Power. Does peregrination mean (a) mathematical calculation; (b) wandering; (c) uncertainty; or (d) scheming? A good vocabulary is an asset. Learning the correct meaning of words helps self-confidence, prestige, earning power. See how you score on these sports-page words. 12 Why Get Married? A lady professor, who is an authority on social customs, points out that there used to be an American freedom to choose, or not to choose, MARRIAGE. But read how, today, with pressure beginning in junior high school, this country is paying a penalty for its worship of domesticity! 13 Book condensed: Beyond Fame or Fortune-The Story of George Washington Carver. "There has been a mistake, "said 'the Rev. Duncan Brown, D.D. "Highland College does not take Negroes". ..And so to Iowa State U. belongs credit for having graduated an undisputed genius-one of the most remarkable Americans of all time. Read how this son of a slave mother revolutionized Southern agriculture and industry .why Thomas Edison offered him a $100,000-a-year salary. and how he become a personal friend of Henry Ford and of three Presidents of the U.S.A. 15 They Won't Let Me Stop 2 1 Why Do Men Enlist? (from Smoking. A man who took the PersonalGlimpses.)Oneday,after Surgeon General's report seriLester Pearson became Canada's ously and quit cigarettes, has the Prime Minister, the sight of the floor. "If there's any time when I Victoria University Library in enjoy smoke less, it's when I'm Toronto prompted him to tell eating," he says .and he makes this anecdote about his enlista plea that smokers think twice ment in the first World War: "I and use a little more courtesy was in the library in 1915 studyand common sense. ing a Latin poet, and all of a sudden I thought, 'War can't be 1 6 Campus Diplomats at Work. this bad.' So I walked out and Because one alert student at the enlisted."-and 10 other glimpses Univ. of Kansas discovered the of well-known people. bitterness of completely ignored 22Sukarno-the Other Asian foreign students, 117 colleges have joined a new program. Problem.AnegomaniacwhomustI "Those guys shook me up," said be furnished with women wher-I Bill Dawson -and read about the ever he goes, Indonesia's "Su5-point program of friendliness preme Leader" isasick man.and he developed. next in line is a communist! Read how, while his country slides into 17 "Something Belong Friendeconomic chaos, billions in aid ship." Risking their lives, South go into weapons, menacing all Pacific natives hid Fred HargeSoutheast Asia. sheimer of Minnesota from the 23 Jewels from the Ocean Japs-nursed himtohealth. Read Deep. Playing the age-old shell the moving story of how he went game is bringing new pleasuresback ...and the new $15,000 and, in some cases, new profits school built, not with govern-to thousands of beachcombers. ment money, but with gifts from This article, illustrated with 13 grateful Americans. color photos, tells you why shells like Glory of the Seas and Lion's 18 How To Conquer Loneiness. Paw are worth "heap wampum" "More than any generation," -well over $1000 apiece! says this author, "we talk, talk, talk ..But instead of growing closer, we drift apart." What's the cure for this loneliness in the midst of people? Here are some ways to break down the barriers, be less defensive, and step out from behind our fears. 19 Quotable Quotes. "Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome."T. S. Eliot, quoted in The New York Post --& 12 other Q.Q.'s. 20 The Miracle of St. Joan. In the month of May 534 years ago, a French bishop condemned a 19year-old girl to be burned at the stake as a heretic. Read the great true story of how Joan triumphed over evil ..and why "she lives forever a saint, conqueror of the forces that killed her." 24 "Depressed Areas" Bult to Order. Congress knows that one-third of all the counties in the U.S.A. are not depressed But here are some of the "legal weasels" by which hundreds of U.S. communities have climbed aboard the federal gravy train to thedetrimentof areaswhich badly need help-such as the small towns in Kentucky! 25 Babies? French Girl Answers Ancient Question. (from Laughter, the Best Medicine.) A ten-year-old French girl recently wrote a composition on babies which pretty much dispels the mystery. She stated: "In France, girl babies are found in roses and boy babies are found in cabbages. In America and England, the stork brings babies. In all other countries, they are born normally." -Charles McHarry, Chicago Tribune N. Y. News Syndicate -and 11 other Doses of the Best 1 2 3 4 5 IRCLE NUMBERS OF 11 12 13 14 15 5 ARTICLES YOU WANT* 16 17 16 19 20 26 The NightttlseMountainFell. 32 Lady, May I See Your U"The dam burst!" said the news conse? (from Life inThese United the day after more than 2,000 States.) human beingsinLongarone, Italy On being told that her luggage died in 6 incredible minutes ..was overweight, my friend asked But the fact is the dam held' the airline reservation clerk if she What then did happen on that could write him a check for the extra amount. He said yes-proterrible night? Here are the facts vidingahe hadidentification, such on a tragedy which only one as a driver's license. man foresaw. Her face clouded. "I don't have a driver's license," she mumbled. 27 Now to Cope with Crank "But wait! Here's a ticket I got Telephone Calls. Since neither for driving without one!" the police nor the phone company The clerk accepted the cheek. can always cope with mysterious Oklahoma City, Okla. or annoying calls, you must han--and nine other anecdotes. dle the situation. Find out 5 ways to deal with a stranger on the line ...You may save your house-from burglary and yourself from physical assault! 28 Let's Beautify Americal In this interview, Mrs. LBJ reports on some of the mail she has received since the President's message on conservation ...And suggests some simple things that individuals and cities can do right now to make America less ugly and communities a lot prouder of theniselves. 29 Imprisoned By Castro. How long can the U.S. ignore the tortures, filth and mind-destroying techniques now being inflicted on "at least 60,000 of my countrymen?", asks a Cuban who escaped. Read what is being done to the finest of all the Cubansthose with courage enough to know that Communism is evil. 30 They Work Wonders with Wood. The men of the U.S. Forest Products Laboratory map ways to make trees grow straighter, stronger and faster. Read how this unique corps of scientists is working to bring you paper as, strong as steel, floors free from scuffs and creaks, and boards that refuse to burn! 3 1 Fraud Fires Flare Up. Based on the popular assumption that arson is a foolproof crime, fires set to collect insurance are on the increase. Read how easy it is to catch many arsonists and how at least one recently burned himself to death! 331 MustPullMyseifTogetherl To do this, points outa man who owns a book on the subject, you must relax ...But there's the lawn, those reports to read, the PTA book fair .See if you think a rapid-reading course would help this poor fellow-or would it take too much time? 34 Automation Goes to Sea. This new breed of semi-automated cargo ship, the Mormacargo, is going to help the USA reclaim its far-pehind merchant marine status. You'll enjoy details of its console-type operation: automatic engine room, hatch covers, loading booms. Though the ship means fewer jobs, find out why the union battle won't be bitter. 35 Our Norse-and-Buoy State Legislatures. The Federal government does not necessarily move into state matters because it's power-hungry. It moves in, says this penetrating article, because states "can't solve jet-age problems with horse-and-buggy methods." Read what must be done to elect and pay better state legislators. 36 In the Land of King Arthur. Ride down to Camelot (without ever leaving your armchair) See the bridge where Arthur fought his last battle-all in a part of England that "is notreally English." Here's a travelogue through Cornwall, the lovely and still wild peninsula notched with smugglers' coves which stretches southwest to Land's End. To: Reader's Digest Assoc., Inc., c/oTab and Business Services 1212 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N. Y. 10036 Gentlemen: Please send me FREE the 5 articles I have circled at left by number. Mr. Miss 14 mat Parents Think About 21 22 23 24 25 Name M,.A. Campos erals. The publication CUt out COUpOn and mail today! 2(Pise"Print) of an address about the "new 26 27 28 29 30 A, freedom" by the president of *No* oniy one sat to a reader I 32 3 4 Hollins College resulted in these LI 31 Cty ,3435 letters-11 from parents and 1 3z from a college vice president. See .36 if you agree with these deeply Co ~o-s-of~ concerned people who think self962 controlshould be part of learning. ---------------------------------------------------hIZE GATOR ADVERTISERS -h. r ----------------------------------------- 

PAGE 8

Page 8, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1965 For Rent For Rent For Sale For Sale Help Wanted FURNISHED HOUSE 2-bedroom, freshly redecorated. Convenient walking distance from Univ& town. Ideally located. $120/month. Call Layton 8-2671 (B-127-tf-c). AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY 2bedroom unfurnished apartment, 1 block from campus. Kitchen equipped, venetian blinds. 103 NW 21 St. Call 6-6112. (B-126-3t-c). KEEP COOL THIS SUMMER! New Danish modern, one bedroom, airconditioned apartment with plenty of closet space. $90 a month (includes water, sewage and garbage collection). Available April 24th. Call 372-0094 after 5:30 (B-126St-c). 2 BEDROOM FURNISHED HOUSE, 1 mile from campus. Will sublet April 25 through Aug. $65 monthly. 372-2861. (B-126-tf-c). AVAILABLE APRIL 24, furnished, 2-bedroom, kitchen, Reduced rate for summer. 322-A NE 11 St. 378-1509. (B-126-5t-c). 2-BEDROOM FURNISHED APARTMENT, available summer trimester, 1 mile from campus. $75/mo. for two plus utilities call 8-2081. (B-126-5t-c). ALL UNITS GROUND FLOOR, 2 rooms furnished, refrigerator. Few air-conditioners.No kitchens. 2 blocks from mainair-conditioned Library, classes, food centers, Post Office, l a u n d r y etc. Rates $90--$185 entire semester. 6-6494. (B-126-5t-c). SMALL FURNISHED, 1-BEDROOM apt. Available May 1. Less than 2 blocks from campus. 10161/2 SW 4th Ave. (lower). $60/mo (B-126-t-p). UNFURNISHED Apartment, 3 large rooms. Kitchen furnished, tile bath and 1/2. Large porch and yard. Enjoy cool shady summer living. $85 per month. 923 N% 3rd Ave. 376-9992. (B-123-tf-c). 3A&B -3-bedroom, 2-bath, furnished ne w house. 5 min. from campus. $120 per mo. Ideal for family or group of students. Call FR 2-8668 after 6. (B-125-tf-c) MODERN 1-BEDROOM, furnished apartment. Air-conditioned with plenty of room outdoors. Call 2-2306 after 5. (B-125-5t-c). 2-BEDROOM APARTMENT. Ideal for 3 students. Low summer rates. Downtown location. 372-0481. (B125-5t-c). 1 FURNISHED ROOM, efficiencys, one, 2-bedroom apartment, uti lities furnished except gas. Low summer Trimester rates. Off street parking down town location. 372-0481. (B-125-5t-c). ROOMMATE DRAFTED. Must move. Reduced rates for summer. Modern split level, air-conditioned apartment 2 blocks from campus. Call 2-4371 from 12:00 to 5 p.m. or 2-3329 from 6-9 p.m. (B-1263t-c). FURNISHED APARTMENTS AVAILABLE April 1&AMay 1. One bedroom modern, air-cond. apts. mes Viy & Med. Center. Adults ei a pets. Lease required.$90/ mg l tMUS or 376-4360. (BNEW 1 BEDROOM Furnished apartments. Air-conditioned, all electric. Available April10th. Call FR 2-2436. (B-122-tf-c). MODERN 1-bedroom apartment, air-conditioned, furnished. Behind Norman Hall. Summer Trimester only. $90. Call Today 6-9387 or 2-6381. Carol Room 2144. (B128-lt-c). MODERN 1 BEDROOM split level furnished apt. Reduced to $85.00 for summer trimester. Call 3760642. (A-128-lt-c). PAMPER YOURSELF. Rent aposh Colonial Manor apartment for 3A. $110 month. Twin beds. Call 3727362. (B-128-lt-nc). MODERN TRAILER. Ideal for family or 2 to 3 students, completely furnished -washing machine, swimming pool. $100/ month. Call 2-6869 after 6:00p.m. or all day weekends.(B-128-3t-c). TRAILER FOR RENT. Private lot! 1965 55'xl0' 2 or 3 bedroom. Available April 22nd for Summer trimester only. Phone 372-0517. (B-128-et-p). LARGE ROOMS with a fullyequipped, upstairs, KITCHEN, available to male students. Occupy immediately. 104 SW 8 St. or 3720243. (B-127-tf-nc). AVAILABLE APRIL 25, large cool, comfortable room inprivate home. Nice quiet surroundings. See at 202 NW 12 Ter. Call FR 6-5368 or FR 6-2100. (B-125-5t-c). HOUSE AVAILABLE TO SUBLET for summer. May keep after summer if desired. 5 room air-conditioned. Suitable for 4 people, can be seen by appointment. 4401 SW 13 Street. 378-1252. (B-127tf-c). TYPING, THESIS, TERM PAPERS, & reports. Fast, accurate, reasonable. Electric typewriter with elite type. Mrs. Betty Ogletree, 4105 NW 13 Place, Phone 6-0995. (M126-3t-c). Real Estate TAKE UP PAYMENTS AND pay closing costs on a repossessed 3-bedroom, 2-bath house. Central heat, CCB and newly panted.Phone 372-3826. (I-120-f-c). rLost&Found LOST: BELIEVED IN PEABODY, par of dark fram glasses. Call Ray Pt Kappa Phi House. 2-9284. (L128-3t-c). LOST: REWARD: RING; goldband; oval, brown, tiger-eye stone cut into figure. Lost in Feb. near Univ. Hospital. Call 6-0522. (L18-lt-c) LOST: BLACK WALLETbelonging to Richard Strom. Contained important identification. Return to Alligator office, Room 9 Florida Union. No questions asked. (L126-lt-p). ODE BANJO -Rosewood neck with hand carved peghead & heel, ebony finger board with motherof-pearl inlay. $300 or best offer. John Pierson 372-8743. (A-127tf-c). FOR SALE, 14FT. RUN-A-BOUT Marine P 1 y wood construction, fiber glassed seams, steering hook-up. $65. Linda Ann Court, Ocala Road, FR 6-5826. (A-127tf-nc). BOAT FORSALE OR TRADE. Have 16 foot Carter Craft with 30 hp. Evenrude Motor and a Gator Tilt Trailer with wind shield, canvas top, remote controls skis and slalom. Will trade for car of equal value. Call FR 2-3251 after 6p.m. (A-127-5t-c). SPECIAL THIS WEEK 1,000 name and address labels $1.00 postpaid. Tom Baugh -Box 14037, University Station, Gainesville, Florida. (A-124-5t-c). 3 MINUTES FROM MED. CENTER & NEW VA HOSPITAL. 3bedroom, 1 bath (converted trailer)home on oak shaded lot. Nicely furnished. $5,500. Terms. Call Mrs. Ann Hinson, John Merrill Agency, FR 2-1494. (A-126-5t--c). KELVINATOR REFRIGERATORin very good working condition. Has large cross top freezer. $60 cash. 1102 NW 3 Ave. Phone 372-8048. (A-126-3t-c). HOUSE FOR SALE. 2-bedroom frame, furnished large screened proch, play yard. 5 minutes from Med. C e n t e r, off Archer road. $8,000 Take occupancy June 15th Call 372-0752. (A-126-3t-c). LIKE NEW: FM/AM BAND, 3speed 14 transistor, Portable stereo Radio-phonograph, (works on batteries). Plus AC adapter $125.00. FR 2-9372. Ask for Calvib. (A-126-5t-p). MUST SELL! 19 59 RANCHERO TRAILER, 10x45, very good condition, furnished, 2 -bedrooms, fenced in yard, close to campus, Glynnwood Park, Lot 2, on Archer Road. Phone 378-1596. (A-1265t-p). ATTRACTIVE CONTEMPORARY 3-bedroom, 2-bath near med. center and VA -wood floors, Cypress paneling. Must sell. 2-0328 after 5 p.m. (A-125-5t-c). MUST SACRIFICE, 8 x 41 aluminum trailer, with 9 x 32 Cabana (Completely furnished) & 10 x 20 carport. Cabana & furniture are new. Call 2-7194 after 1 p.m. (A128-2t-c). 1960 SABRE 50x10 MOBILE HOME. Air-conditioned. Excellent condition with 30x10 screened alum. cabana. After 6, Lot 36 Hickory Hill. 372-7955 (A-125-4tc). HARLEY DAVIDSON 125 motor cycle. Excellent condition. $125. Also a West Bend Go-Kart. See at 1026 NE 4 Street or call 3721902. (A-125-3t-c). MOBILE nuME for sale -30x8, 1958, air conditioned, good condition, ideal for couple Hill Crest Trailer Park, 378-2621 Ext. 32 day 372-7834 after 5 p.m. (A-1254t-c). FOR SALE 98" Ventura SURFBOARD. Call FR 8-1308. (A-128lt-p). SACRIFICE 1965 YAMAHA 125cc, $395, 1,800 miles, like new. White with extra luggage carrier. Call 6-0125 after 5 p.m. (A-128 St-c). MUST GO -Boat-Motor & trailer $250. M e ch a n i c s -Motorcycle in box $20. Also table saw& motor $30.00. FR 2-8101. (A-128-3t-p). Situation NEED CREATIVE WRITER FOR TV OR PRIVATE FILM? Maybe you have facts but lack professional script or you have film already but no narration. Sales messages, short subjects, documentaries, written. 2-5220. (F-126-5t-c). Wanted NEEDED FOR SPRING & FALL two female roommates to share a bedroom in large house 4 blocks from campus. $25/month per person. Call Stephanie at Univ. Ext. 2792 before 5 or 2-6568 after 5. (C-127-tf-c). A few hundred more students to enjoy SPUDNUTS DONUT SHOP. 1017 W. University. Open to midnight every night. (C-126-3t-c). ONE MALE ROOMMATE TO SHARE shady, cool apt. one block from campus for entire third trimester. Approx. $40 per month. Call 372-7947 or see us at 1022 SW 7 Ave. any day after 1:30 p.m. Extreme liberals need not apply. (C-128-lt-c). ONE MATURE MALE ROOMMATE to share apartment in NE section for 3A & 3B term. Must have transportation. 8-2117.(C-128-ltc). THRU egularAdmission-0 SAT. A oademy A ward Winner! STANLEY KRAMER'S OPE N maxmiesaa u.IUOSMEta2:15 Features at Ab n* 1Nuammse 2:30 5:45 fEluelve Special Engagement1 9:00 1 SERVED EATS! 3PEROMACS DAILY! CHECK ON THE STATE THEATRE JAZZ HOUR Each Sunday at Midnite -Guy Graham Is The MWn on WGGG.-It's Moose Cool SdI GAINESVILLE REALTOR WANTS an ambitious family man considering full time employment as a Real Estate Salesman. Must be alert, energetic, and willing to work 50 to 60 hours a week in return for income commensurate with ability. See Warner Weseman at 1113 N. Main St. (E127-4t-c). L Personal CALIFORNIA BOUND? Leaving Gainesville around April 15, returning around May 2. $65 round trip. Call Zal 2-1914. (J-1285t-c). FOR SALE TWO DINNER BELLS. Good condition. For information contact G.M.R. (J-128-lt-p). SUN M0N' TU ES A. 3 5 9 Bet Actresout A"Wd 10:40 at the Cannes Fim Festival BNE ANCROFr FINCH SO L WSON ROAD RU NNE R Color Cartoon NEXT WEEK Believe It Or Not You Can See JOHNG LDFARB" t ACADEM AWARD NOMINWTON G ATOR CLASSIFIEDS 

PAGE 9

Autos ,55 CHEVROLET BEL AIRE, 2door, hard-top. Radio, heater. Good condition. New tires. Call 8-2018. (G-127-5t-c). 1963 SUNBEAM ALPINE. Good condition, new tires, brakes, tonneau, seat belts. Wire wheels, radio, heater. Make offer. 3782028 after 4 p.m. (G-127-3t-c). 1950 CHEVY, 2-door hard-top, standard transmission, radio & heater. Good condition. Bestoffer. Call 6-5565 after 5 p.m. (G-1273t-c). 1957 Volvo PV-444Good condition. Complete engine overhaul. 28 miles per gallon gas. Great buy $425.00. Will haggle. Call Bill 378-2952. (G-127-5t-p). 1958 VOLKSWAGON. Good con, dition. Make offer. Call George Hartwell 2-9307. (G-127-tf-c). 1955 DODGE, 2-door hardtop, new motor, trans, batt., seat covers. A-I condition. $250.(Terms available). FR 2-2939 after 5 p.m. (G-125-4t-c). 1958 AUSTIN -HEALY 100-6, radio, heater, In excellent condition, repaintedand re-upholstered. Must sell to finance summer vacation. Call Dick or Kent after 3:00 p.m., 376-9498 or see at 19 SW 13 St. (G-128-5t-c). Ulark Tom Autos 1357 M.G.A. COUPE. Vintage condition, excellent interior, radio, wire wheels, good tires, trailer hitch, mechanically sound, must sell immediately. $650. Call Jeff 372-2056. (G-128-3t-p). 1958 ENGLISH FORD ANGLIA. Good condition, reconditioned transmission. Mileage 48,000. $150. Call Hanh 372-9367 Buckman D Rn'. 57. (G-128-lt-p). '57 MG 4-doorsedan.Same engine, Etc., as in sports car, but with slightly lower gear ratio (4.55). Solid body with ample room, wood dash and leather upholstery. Many parts recently replaced including rebuilt carburetor. $250. Call 29501 ask for or leave message for Col. Boese. (G-128-2t-c). 1961 PLYMOUTH "FURY" V-8, convertible, original owner, fully powered, $995.00 or best offer. Excellent shape. Contact Bob,Rm 418 East Hall, 376-9372. (G-128lt-p). 53 Mercury with radio. Best offer takes it. Call 376-8714. (G-128St-c). 1959 403 PEUGOT, runs perfect-recent valve job, good tires -interior extra clean, must sell to continue through spring trimester. Price $295. Joe Reda 1614 NW 3 Place. If not home leave phone number or address. (G-128-lt-c). COLOR JUNGLE *3I 3 THRILL HITS FIRST AREA SHOWING Awe" wl S mod W ; i I rd ',eubCob. Tbrinet As It Exists today!! ~Secret Blso Cu'dtrget "The Sky Above Native Passions' Unleivhed and MWud Be" I "alk Into Hell' Edward Richer, C-5 instructor, presented his case Tuesday before the AAUP Committee on Academic Rights and Privileges in another effort to have his university contract renewed. Richer, who said the results will prove beneficial to the campus community stated, "I am very optimistic as to what the findings of the committee will be." The committee voted, after sipeakOn the grounds that he was not ing withC ier od, invstige planning further work toward a docing .with Richer to investigate oral degree, this instructor's the situation further, contract was not renewed. 'No recommendations have come to me or the executive committee from the Committee on Academic Rights and Privileges as yet," said Dr. Cecil Smith, A AUP local chapter president, Richer is now preparing a brief which will be first studied by the newly formed Committee on Academic Freedom and Tenure, then by the faculty senate. campus news briefs, --GRASSHOPPER SOCIAL HUMANITIES CLUB LIBERAL FORUM Yulee Area will hold aGrassThe Humanities Club wilipreDr. Marshall Jones will lechopper Social tonight from 8 sent three showings of the film ture on -"The Philosophy of p.m.--midnight on the Yuleq version of Shakespeare's Protest" Sunday at 7:30 p.m. Area lawn. Free cokes. "Hamlet" in Walker Auditorin Johnson Lounge, Florida lum; tomorrow, Sunday, and Union. FELLOWSHIP Tuesday. All performances are LAST CHANCE at 7 p.m. DANCE The Florida Christian Fellowship will hold its weekHA YRIDE The Florida Union Dance -ly meeting tonight at 7 p.m. Committee will hold a Last in Room 215, Florida Union. Tolbert Area will hold a hayChance Dance tonight from 8 p.m ride tonight at the Cow--midnight in the Broward Rec.FRESHMAN COUNCIL boy Ranch. Transportation will reaction Room. The Fabulous Dy Theleave University Auditorium at namics will perform and adFreshman Council will 7:30 p.m. Tickets are available mission is free. ,hold its last meeting Monday from any Tolbert Area Section ght at '.30 p.m. In Room 324, Adviser. Price is $1 per couple MOUNTAIN DE W Forida Union. for Tolbert Area card holders SN and $4 per couple for others. The girls from Jennings inPI SIGMA EPSILONvie y'll" to come to their P Sigma Epsilon announces BRIDGE CL UB dance tonight from 8 p.m. new officers: Dan Johnson, midnight. There will he a mount president; Bill Chapman, viceThe Bridge Club is sponsortain costume contest, drinking president; Kip Gordon, secreing a series of six weekly sescontest, door prizes and music tary; Hank Mallue, treasurer. sions to explain the mechanics by the Moon Rakers. AdmissionSOCIETY OF of non-duplicate play. is free. Classes will he held weeklyX FRIENDS beginning Monday. Registration The Society of Friends will is Monday at 7:30 p.m. at 418 CENTER have a discussion on "Is Peace E. University. Fee is $5; $3.50 Dr. Herbert Wagemaker will Highest Good?" Sunday morning with student ID. Regular dupspeak on "The Crucifixion" at at 10 a.m. All interested stulicate is played Wednesday andi the fist of the pre-Easter studdents are invited to attend the Friday at 7:30 p.m. Entry fee tes at the Presbyterian Univerdiscussion lead by Richard 50 and 75 cents; 35 cents with sity Center Sunday night at 6:15 Sterb at 1921 N.W. 2 Avenue. student ID. p.m. .**. *. .....* .*. BA TTER UP! THE FINEST QUALITY AMERICAN-MADE BASEBALL & SOFTBALL EQUIPMENT Baseball Gloves & Mitts by McGregor & Nokoma Bats Balls Caps -Socks Shoes by McGregor Softball Gloves & Mitts Balls Bats Jerseys Caps Shoes Socks Friday, April 2, 1965, The Florida Alligator, Page 9 Richer appeals to AAUP I 4 r.2AV awthrm Rad 9Rf.200* Phone FR 6-5011 Team Outfitters JERSEYS PANTS CAPS For Your Fraternity, Sorority And Independent Teams Jimmie Hughes Sporting Goods 1113W. University Ave. 1 Block East of Campus I Block-East of Campus 1113 W. Uni versi ty Ave. a ~ 

PAGE 10

Page 10, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1965 FASHION CORNER* Girls. Sound off on men! By DEE WRIGHT Fashion Editor This column has featured boy's opinions of UF coed fashions several times in past week,. Now, after many requests, the girls get a turn to comment on the apparel and appearance of Florida men. Sound off, girls! GEORGEANNE MINTNER, 3ED: "I think some of the boys try to be too stereotyped in the way they dress, whereas others don't seem to care how they look. Neatness is the most important thing because this determines how any apparel will look." EILEEN ENIK, 2UC: "I like for boys to wear slacks, belts, shirts, shoes and socks; and observe the same dress rules as the girls do on campus. I don't think it's fair for boys to wear rubber thongs, T-shirts. and bermuda shorts to class." GLORIA BODDIE, 4ED: "I don't like to see them dressing as though they were going to the beach. I think that shirts tucked in and trousers are the least that college students can wear. I can't stand the flip-flops." NANCY NIMMO, 4AS: "I sort of like the T-shirt. look with the Florida crest over the heart--you can tell it's authentic by the orange and blue ribbing around the top. As for the shoes, I think "Hush Puppies" worn with stretch socks are really sharp. Boys' coifs, of course, have to be shoulder length and naturally curly. KATHY NETZLOSS, 2UC: "I think that overall the boys dress pretty well, but like everything else, there are those who ruin it for the rest of them. For example, there are the boys who dress more for a "play" environment rather than for intellectual pursuit." VALERIE HARPER, 3HS: "I think the majority of them look nice, but some of them are real sloppy. Some of them need haircuts. Also, I do like for them to wear socks." PAT HOGUE. 2UC: "I wish they'd wear socks. Someone ought to start a society for buying socks! I think they should wear shoes instead of thongs--thongs are something you take a shower in. I think they should also shave once in a while." ELLEN ABERNETHY, 5EG: "I think thongs are really big this year. I also like the sockless look, except of course with thongs. I've got this big thing about thongs. I love'em, I Love 'emi" PROGRESS REPORT Secretary of Labor: busy -w Be a Beautiful Bunny on the Beach in a Bright Bikini (or a One or Two-Piece Swimsuit for you More Modest Maidens) .from w4ig By DOUGLAS H. THOMPSON Secretary of Labor As Secretary of Labor I am in charge of off-trimester employment. This consists of summer and Christmas employment. Also included in my cabinet responsibilities are maintaining a babysitting service and a talent service. Bruce Rogow is the Director of Student Employment and he has written over five hundred personal letters to businesses everywhere Inquiring as to whether they would be interested in employing students. He has met with some success, but many businesses would rather hire on a direct interview basis. Bruce has also brought all the old files up to date so that all our listings are now active. Martha Slinn, Director of the Baby Sitting Service has added more than twenty-five names to our sitters list. This is a service that I feel helps both our married students and sitters.Where else can a person study and earn money too? Of course these applicants have to be qualified and approved either by* the Dean of Debate series opens Wednesday night the DebateSociety held apublicforum for the purpose of discussing the proposition "Resolved: That campus organizations should have complete freedom in the selection of great speakers." Sam Ullman spoke fur the affirmative and Russell Smith spoke for the negative. Over 80 students attended the debate, which is the first in a series. Sam Ullman was declared winner by the close score of 41 to 39. The vote was taken among the audience. after the debate had concluded. After initial speeches by the two participants, the audience was allowed to ask questions and make comments. To conclude the evening, each speaker summed up his point of view and attempted to refute the points of the opposition. After all the speaking had concluded, the vote was taken. Faculty members were in attendance as well as many students. Both the administration and the Student Government have expressed their approval Women or the Dean of Men. I hope that more students will come in the office and apply to be a sitter. Debbie Anderson, theDirectorof World's Fair Employment has had a very difficult job this year. Due to the loss of money many of the pavilions last year and also to the large number of repeat students who had a job at the Fair last summer who before they left, obtained jobs again; it has been hard to get our students jobs. The Japanese Pavilon has 150 applications from our students now and I UNITED CHURCH OF GAINESVILLE Worship: 10 a.m. Fla. Union Auditorium Rev. Pierson P. Harris Ph. 376-1026 feel they will employ many of these. Applications have also been sent to the Brass Rail and the American Calvacade. I would also suggest that a student write these Pavilons himself, as direct communication is always the best means of getting action. We have not heard from these pavilons and if a student is accepted for employment he will hear from them directly. UNIVERSITY Lutheran Church1826 W. Univ. Ave. (opp. handball courts) 2 services for student convenience: 9-9:45 a.m. 11-12 noon LE NTE N SERVICE Wenesdy, ~7 3ppm. Miklt FRIDAY All .Th Fish -You CanE t, OLD-FASHIONED Hush e~o FISH NIGHT Cole SIPw --471 5PM-9PM FruhCodr K"Fish HUMPTY DUMPTY Drive-in & Restaurant EVERY DAY, GOOD HOME-COOKED MEALS FP2.667 O.Ws. AT THESE FINE STORES VW5ZMDA 5reeuksig, A.G. Fry Jewelras CUaraIr, Trikheo Jmwehia tal GOm, carnlfs Jehwrs Dayma nsW. A. & A5&sM Veit LWSIrwl. CaraiPs JI. Pat Plem, Chars G. Ast* & & li-. NO abn beadhmMJm a G.mai, Vob er Jeweilam Jamk Blow JewdminI.lkJwmS monmwm@4n.b.a. W TandhawM*, C. .fts aft es JadmWea. Ummwm jenwm (3Saam) Tama mMC asmf I%. Mor"g.e .lI Talco, wo P~An~M.a Tampae&$ d a.sma apa. Ykom Brun aft t 2DW Tai mp ds mi lionwimi .aJ. Cobbla Nf Jewilit -g.;.:.;. .:4:.:-:.:-:.:-:-:-:-:.:.:-:.:-:.:.:.:-:-:-:.:-:-:.:.:-:-:-:-:.:. 

PAGE 11

t t f l ting .471, rightfielder Dink Haire .389, second baseman Pete McKenzie and shortstop Scotty Long both .333, first baseman Ronnie Baynes and all-SEC catcher Harry Doles both .300. Tiger pitchers have been impressive in leading coach Paul Nix's team to acurrent5-record. All-SEC Jimmy Crysel is 1-0 with an ERA of 1.37 and has won 10 In this special 64-page supplement in the April issue of Harper's Magazme, 14 distinguished writers discuss the delicate relationships between South and North, betwee Southern whie and Negro; the moods and fears of the Southern people; the changing faces of the land and its cities. Together, they have placed the last century in historical perspective. and created a portrait in depth of the South today that will surprise and inform every American. Contributors include Southern historian C. Van Woodward. who shows how the North helped buttress and condone racial segregation; James J. Kilpatrick, conservative editor of the Richmond News Leader, who believes that the South will solve its racial problems quicker and with greater maturity than the North; Negro author Louis E. Lmax observing the changes in both races in Fs home town of Valdosta, Georgia; Jonathan Daniels, editor of the Raleigh News & Observer. demonstrating how Southern industrial growth continues to make victims of its people; child psychiatrist Robert Cole investiting the unan imPact of school desegregation. Among the other contributors are novelist Vlla= Styron, British historian D. W. Brogan, novelist Walker Percy, Whitney M. Youg, Jr. of the Natioeal Urban Leagus, Negrp playwright LeRol Jones, Louis D. Rubin, Jr. and Ara SR,0 0 Starting on the hill for the Gators Friday will be Danny Eggart, who has come on strong of late, winning his last two outings SPLI and lowering his ERA to 1.42. acco Ray Rollyson is the likely starter arro for Saturday's clash. from An interesting sidelight in this trav game is the rematch of football (Pho players on each team. No less than six griddera fromthe two schools are slated to start is the contest. Pae For the Gators, Allen Trammell Player and Tommy Shannon will start Allen T with Williams and Casey. Auburn Bud Wi: will send out Ronnie Baynes at Tom S first and Scotty Long at short Randy I This pair started at end for the Bill Blc War Eagles last football season. Ron Cri "Football players have always Don Pei played prominent roles in AuburnJack Ke Florida baseball series," says GaDannyC tor head coach Dave Fuller. Bruce Player I_ Ray Ro Adrian Danny I Dan Gr .Danny --Walter YAMAHA BMW Browni Motorcycles Charles For The Discriminating Ed Woo CYCLERAMA Jack W 378-2811 21 SE 2nd Place Neil Mc JT ARRUw---uator arcnei mplished this one-in-a-mi w and Brown's hit it di: 120 feet. The Gator arcl el to Fort Walton Beach to by George McCullars) rs Jim Martin (left) and Dennis Brow million feat Monday .Martin shot the fir rectly splitting it. They were shooting hers, headed by Brown and Martin, wi for the state tournament this weeken 11 game Gator baseball statistics AB R H BA 2B 3B HR RBI BB rammell, LF lliams,C annon, lB Morcroft,SS omgren, RF eese, CF udley, 3B unworthy, C Cushman, 3J3 Moore, 2B 47 18 45 47 42 31 34 26 13 33 G 5 6 6 5 6 3 3 5 1 3 1 Ilyson Zabala Eggart iffin Orr Prior e Johnston s Casey olfork ithrow cMillan. COED DAY 25C Game SATURDAY, April 3 Only 1 pm-7 pm FREE transportation from campus to lanes & back SCHEDULE FOR SATURDAY & SUNDAY STOP NO. 1 -Norman Hall (Parking Lot) -1:30 p.m. -2:30 -3:30 -5:00 -6:00 STOP NO. 2-Broward & Rawlings Halls (Parking Lot) 1:40 p.m. -2:40 -3:40 -5:10 -6:20 STOP NO.3-Infirmary Parking Area (Lot #5) 1:50 p.m. -2:50 -3:50 -5:20 -6:30 STOP NO.4-Military Science Bldg. (Rear Parking Lot) 2:00 p.m. -3:00 -4:00 -5:30 -6:30 LAST BUS BACK TO CAMPUS @ 6:30 P.M. 2da[m22an2 2626 Waldo Road. 13 5 9 11 9 4 .9 4 4 8 24 6 13 12 10 6 6 4 2 4 .512 .333 .289 .255 .238 .194 .176 .154 .154 .121 PITCHING RECORDS W-L IP 3-0 1-0 2-1 1-0 1-0 0-0'1 0-1 1-00-0 0-0 0-0 15 2/3 10 1/3 22 9 13 7 12 8 1 4 1 6 2 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 18 2 10 4 7 1 2 4 3 1 4 1 5 3 8 6 6 1 4 10 SPRTS Gators meet Auburn for SEC leadership UF's baseball team will have to consecutive games. Fellow lefty literally 'take a tiger by the tail; Monty Sharpe is 3-0 with an ERA in order to defeat Auburn in this of 1.83 and has gone the route weekend's big series. in his last two games. He's pitBoth games are slated for Perched 20 innings and fanned 13 ry Field with today's affair to men.Sharpe is slated to hurl tobegin at 3 p.m. while Saturday's day's match while Cryselis schedmatch will start at 2. uled to pitch Saturday. Auburn's Tigers have truly been The Gator starting lineup will hat thus far this season with only look somewhat different from the one of eight regulars hitting less one that has begun most home han .300. Coach Paul Nix's charges games. Charlies Casey is slated have a 5-0 record in league play. to open in center field with Bud Top Auburn hitter is centerWilliams, now the club's second elder Reggie Gilbert (.500), while leading hitter, behind the plate and eftfielder Frank Fryer is batDanny Cushman at third base. H R-ER ERA BB SO 8 4 21 2 14 6 12 6 1 7 2 0-0 0-0 8-5 2-2 3-3 2-2 5-4 8-4 0-0 3-3 1-1 .000 .000 1.42 2.00 2.07 2.58 3.00 4.45 .000 6.75 9.00 4 3 .5 3 4 5 3 7 0' 3 0 15 9 13 6 9 7 10 14 0 5 0 0 ~iik ~ i POP &JAZZ SALE $4.98 & $ 5.98 Reg. Price Mono $202 2 Ste Not (King) Cole Peggy Lee George Shearing Judy Garlan' MANY OTHERS The RECORD BAR 123 We UNIVERSITY AVE. PHONE 3761042 Opn 9 to -Mondays and Fridays 9.to-9 CENTRAL CHAGE FREE PARKING'IN R I 0 jk, k, Friday, April 2, 1965, The Florida Alligator, Page 11 rn st d. SB 6 1 1 2 0 4 2 0 1 1 1 I 

PAGE 12

Page 12, The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 2, 1965 Tennis, track teams tackle road foes By JEFF DENKE WALTER Sports Writer The Gator tennis team, sporting an 8-5 record, takes on Auburn today in the Tiger den and meets Georgia at Athens Saturday. UF's netmen, fresh off of victories over Hope College and Rutgers University this past week, will close their season with matches against Rollins and FSU next week. In the Rutgers match, team captain Vic Stone led the Gators to a clean sweep in the six singles and three doubles matches. Hope College fell to Coach Bill Potter's charges by an 8-1 count. Rick Chace, Steve Gardner, Bill Perrin, Bill Belote, Ron Fick, and Stone copped their respective single sets. In the doubles play, Chace and Perrin, Gardner and Stone, and Belote and Fick, com* * A field of 120 intercollegiate golfers, including UF's charges, in the second annual Florida Intercollegiate Golf Championships at the Cape Coral Country Club near Fort Myers this weekend. Some of the college golf teanis participating are FSU, UM, Stetson, Rollins and Florida Presbuterian. Out of state entries include Northwestern, ILSU, Duke, Columbia, Wake Forest, Memphis State, and North Carolina State. Last year's champion Houston is not entered. Top contenders appear to be Miami, Wake Forest, and FSU, along with the red hot Gators. dividual and team honors in the recently completed University of Miami-City of Coral Gables Golf Tournament. Of the 170 linksaters representing 32 universities, UF golfers took the first four places in the three-day tournament. Gator Bob Murphy led the way with 283 fourround total to finish first. He was followed by fellow Gators Laurie Hammer, Wally Armstrong, and Lloyd Watts. Hammer had a 288. Armstrong a 291, and Watt's a 291 also. The Gators cumulatively took 1,157 strokes to complete the tournament. This set a new record by almost ten strokes over the previous low turned in by UM in 1964. The victory was double-sweet for Gator golf coach Buster Bishop, since it avenged two earlier losses to FSU. Coach Jimmy Carnes takes his unbeaten track team to Atlanta this weekend to face Georgia Tech. The team now sports a 4-0 record following double wins over Furman and Ricimond earlier this weekend. -SPOR TS M EN' S CYCLE CENTER 617 N. Main St. SUZUKI Gator of World's Greatest Classical Catalog 298 REG. REG. $4.98$ INCLUDING: The New "TOSCA With Maria Callas Nejw S0, "MAGIC FLUTE" (All-Star Cast) iA. See the many other Specials, and SALE PRICES, on our entire $18,000 inventory of LP's. Lasts 2 days ---Friday & Saturday. Open 'til 9 both nites. BOB M1 Long -hitting B o b Nichols, is this wee after leading the Flori ARSFM shattering effort in Murphy captured th McCollum Drug the Gators came fort effort in Florida Hist by nine strokes in win a strong field. Murpy's rounds of7 71 Bil more Country, brows around the Sout helped lend encouragE winning the Southeaste year., Murphy has a rep ynaen layer and fin and Gainesville Open 1119 W. Unly. Ave. 37Z-2728 best previous efforts. a physically strong g peducationand health m the Week 4 C '1 0 COWBOY HATS Black & Natural Murphy, junior from k's Gator of the Week da golf team to a recordthe Miami Invitational. .e individual title while th with the finest: team ory to break the record ning the tournament over 72-72-70-69 over the par Club course raised eyeheastern Conference and ement to Gator hopes of rn Conference title this 'utation as a strong tourished high in the Armour events last year for his At 5-10, 200 pounds he is olfer. He is a physical ajor. s si f:s sii is si :::: is: !!|| :i:: |$ :i:5 is -FLORIDA SPORTS ROUNDUPAS AWNK for a swift treat of fine food, try a TRADITIONAL -----------. .: .......:.:.s 1710 W. UNIVERSITY AVE. ON THE "GOLD COAST" across from men's dorm 
