
PAGE 1

0the independent florida Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc of Gainesville, Florida VOLUME 102 ISSUE 132 We Inform. You Decide. -1 Rescyd FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 Sorority faces hazing claims 0 GROUP FACES FIVEYEAR SUSPENSION. By THOMAS STEWART Alligator Staff Writer tstewart@alligator org UF sorority Sigma Lambda Gamma, an 18-member Latinabased group, has been shut down for five years by its national organization for hazing activities that included pushups and restrictions on Facebook usage. UF's Greek Judicial Board, now the Greek Conduct Committee, also recommended a one one-year suspension followed by one year of probation in February. Paige Crandall, UF's interim dean of students, approved the recommendations on March 20. U's sanctions are basically irrelevant, though, said Chris Loschiavo, director of UF's Student Conduct and Conflict Resolution. Under the national organization's decision, which revoked the chapter's charter, it will be at least 2014 before a new chapter of the sorority can be formed on the UF campus, Loschiavio said. "We will work though every consequence that we were given." Danielle Pechac former chapter president According to UF records, the hazing occurred last fall as part of a program for new members. The recruits had to follow a list of 37 rules, a report from the judicial board stated, "which include no make-up, fast food, Facebook, no shortcuts such as elevators or cutting through grass, and must have permission to go someplace other than where they are supposed to SEE SORORITY, PAGE 12 ON CAMPUS Machen supports raising standards for scholarships By TATIANA GONZALEZ residents Thursday night. Alligator Contributing Writer Machen said increasing taxes would help the state tremendously, citing the $1 cigarette UF President Bernie Machen stressed the tax being disputed in Tallahassee that would importance of raising the academic standards raise more than $800 million in a year. for the Bright Futures Scholarship and imple"We're not over-taxed," Machen said to menting new state taxes for education during the group of about 30 people who gathered for a town hall forum hosted by IRHA, the Interthe question-and-answer session inside Yulee Residence Hall Association, for on-campus Hall's lounge. "We're under-resourced." Skeet Surrency, a UF organic and sustainable crop production senior, asked Machen if he would sign a petition asking for a one-cent increase to Florida's sales tax to help fund education. "I'll sign it" Machen said. Surrency said Machen will likely sign the petition publicly next week. During the forum Machen defended tuition increases and said, if it were up to him, he'd make anyone pay tuition who could afford it. "Bright Futures does not allow true excellence to be awarded," said Machen, adding he believes the scholarship is heavily flawed and should take into account need-based SEE MACHEN, PAGE 12 Santa Fe College remains optimistic despite economy By JENA ADDISON Alligator Contributing Writer It's not often that meetings designed to address college budget cuts have audience members feeling more like they're in the middle of a teen musical. "We have a really different approach to budget cuts here," joked Dr. Jackson Sasser, the president of Santa Fe College, after students from the Fine Arts Department performed a rendition of "We're All in This Together" from the movie "High School Musical" on Thursday afternoon. A standing ovation was received for the high-energy Santa Fe routine. It was perCollege formed by about 60 students in front of a packed gymnasium. "I wanted you to see that because, as bad as the budget is, we have joy here," Sasser said. "And we're not going to let what we're facing take that joy away." Although the Florida Legislature is still in session and tuition costs for the coming year have not been finalized, he estimates the college will be out about $500,000, even with a conservative budget. In order to compensate for the money the school needs, Sasser urged faculty and staff to help the college by reducing health insurSEE MEETING, PAGE 12 Critics assail Afghan marital rape law KABUL (AP) -A new Afghan law makes it legal for men to rape their wives, human rights groups and some Afghan lawmakers said Thursday, accusing President Hamid Karzai of signing the legislation to bolster his re-election prospects. Critics worry the legislation undermines hard-won rights for women enacted after the fall of the Taliban's strict Islamist regime. The law -which some lawmakers say was never debated in parliament -is intended to regulate family life inside Afghanistan's Shiite community, which makes up about 20 percent of this country of 30 million people. The law does not affect Afghan Sunnis. One of the most controversial articles stipulates the wife "is bound to preen for her husband as and when he desires." "As long as the husband is not traveling, he has the right to have sexual intercourse with his wife every fourth night," Article 132 of the law says. "Unless the wife is ill or has any kind of illness that intercourse could aggravate, the wife is bound to give a positive response to the sexual desires of her husband." T today FORECAST 2 OPINIONS 6 CLASSIFIEDS 14 CROSSWORD 17 SPORTS 21 Filming Is Such A Drag Dressed in drag, "Sparkle Antoinette" is videotaped by fellow SFC student Lauren Etheridge for a music video they are making to promote the Smoke Screen Film Festival. The festival will be held at the Hippodrome State Theatre on April 20. 0 Courtney Gladys (right) and the UF gymnastics team will head to Iowa City, Iowa, for the NCAA Regionals on Saturday. The top two teams advance to the championship meet. See Story, Page 21. Thunder Storms 82/53 visit www.alligator.org 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 News Today WHATS HAPPENING The IRHA Art Gallery Friday, 7 to 9 p.m. Reid Gallery Features student art centered around nature. The Office of Sustainability and Gator Dining Services will be tabling with tips and give-aways to help achieve a more green standard of living. The first 50 people can tie-die a dish towel to use instead of paper towels. Please bring a simple art supply to donate to local schools. Finger foods provided. Free and open to the public. "Free Will: A New Direction for an Ancient Problem" Friday, 4 to 6 p.m. Florida Gym 210 UF Undergraduate Philosophy Society presents Dr. Robert Kane (University of Texas at Austin) speaking on "Free Will: A New Direction for an Ancient Problem." Dr. Kane is an internationally recognized expert on free will. This event is free and open to the public. FORECAST TODAY THUNDER STORMS 82/53 SATURDAY SUNNY 83/59 UF Olympic Weightlifting Club (OWC) Charity Squat Meet Saturday, Weigh-ins at 10 a.m., lifting at noon Gainesville Gym Weigh-ins start at 10 and lifting starts at noon. This meet benefits the Sidney Lanier School for students with Intellectual Disabilities. UF Interfaith Forum Tuesday, 6 to 8p.m. Reitz Union Ampitheater Learn about the core tenets of five of UF's largest religious organizations. Advisors of Campus Crusade, Gator FreeThought, Hindu Student Council, Islam on Campus and Jewish Student Union will share their religious beSUNDAY THUNDER STORMS 80/63 MONDAY THUNDER STORMS 74/42 TUESDAY SUNNY 66/39 liefs. Attendees can ask questions that they want to know about God during the open mic Q&A. Got something going on? And want to post it in this space? Send an e-mail to kbjornsen@alligator.org with 'What's Happening' in the subject line. Be sure to include a oneto two-sentence synopsis of the event. The Alligator strives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. If you find an error, please call our newsroom at (352) 376-4458 or send an e-mail to editor@ alligator.org. 0, qa Mt I Com ing H omeforthe Summer To compete in today's job market, you need experience. The Alligator offers students that opportunity for the Summer and Fall semesters. As a sales representative, you will gain valuable sales experience managing a territory, learning prospecting skills, and improving communication skills. We offer a flexible schedule with a minimum of 20 hours per week. As a sales intern, you will recieve classroom training designed to ease you into the selling environment while learning firsthand sales experience to prepare for a promotion to representative. This is an opportunity to improve your business and communication skills on a flexible schedule with a minimum of 10 hours per week. If you are going to be in South Florida for the summer, earn credits at FAU. CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015(Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks Ashley Flattery, Wildivina Rosario MARKETING 352-376-4482, 800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4558 (Fax) Marketing Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckearnan@alligator.org Operations Assistant David Carlson BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Malloy Senior Bookkeeper Melissa Bell, mbell@alligator.org Accounting Clerks Jennifer Cavasino, Amanda Clifton ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Manager Judy Moore Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, Imcgowan@alligator.org President Emeritus C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org PRODUCTION/SYSTEMS Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator.org Editorial Production Supervisors Erica Bales, James Hibbs Advertising Production Staff Erica Bales, Aki Chang, Shannon Close, Doug Eastman, Brianna O'Sullivan Editorial Production Staff Vidhika Agrawal, Erica Ervin, Kevin Hart, Max Weissler The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc PO Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257 The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays TheAlligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W University Ave Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a m to 4 p m Monday through Friday, except for holidays Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore @ Copyright 2005 All rights reserved No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc Here's an opportunity to STAD OUT in the crowd! Pick up credits that transfer back to Uf a the independent florida Notoficiallyo VOLUME 102 ISSUE 132 ISSN 0889-2423 Notofficiallyassociated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc, of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Nicole Safker, nsafker@alligator.org Managing Editor/ Print Kristin Bjornsen, kbjornsen@alligator.org Managing Editor/ New Media Rachel Roy, rroy@alligator.org University Editor Lauren Baker, lbaker@alligator.org Metro Editor Brittany Davis, bdavis@alligator.org Freelance Editors Emily Blake, eblake@alligator.org Christina McGinley, cmcginley@alligator.org Sports Editor Evan Drexler, edrexler@alligator.org Assistant Sports Editor Adam Berry, aberry@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor Kyle Maistri, kmaistri@alligator.org Opinions Editor Dan Seco, dseco@alligator.org Editorial Board Nicole Safker, Kristin Bjornsen, Dan Seco Photo Editor Harrison Diamond, hdiamond@alligator.org Sarah Hsu, shsu@alligator.org the Avenue Editor Lane Nieset, Inieset@alligator.org Copy Desk Chiefs Jack Benge, Brian Kelley, Katherine Siegel, Stephanie Slade Copy Editors Alex Chachkevitch, Cassandra Fellerman, Emily Fuggetta, Amelia Harnish, Joe Holzer, Amanda Milligan, Rachael Pino, Jessica Ronay, Jacquelyne Smith, Jennifer Smith, Sara Watson Staff Phil Kegler, Mike McCall, Brian Steele DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482, 800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Rose Sierra, rsierra@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Victoria Livingston, vlivingston@alligator.org Advertising Assistant Melissa Bell Sales Development Manager Daniel Webber Intern Coordinator Sarah Buckwald Display Advertising Clerks Sarah Buckwald, Kaela Hill Sales Representatives Amanda Freilich, Sara Ingebretsen, Shaun O'Connor, Madeline Ross, Lexie Stout, Kaia Tershowski, Ryan Winkler I UTH11UND 

PAGE 3

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 3 .UNIVERSAL STUDIOS '-'u m~ 4 LIVE IN CONCERT Apr 4 MC HAMMER Apr 11 TRACE ADKINS Apr 18 NELLY I I LU TTHE MIJSIC MOVE Y0u, 4 SATURDAY NIGHTS +NOw THRu APR 18 + / 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 ON CAMPUS Library hosts author to speak on Katrina disaster By ALEX CHACHKEVITCH Alligator Contributing Writer It wasn't the smell of feces and urine from the overflowing toilets or the 95-degree ovenlike surroundings that bothered Paul Harris the most, but the power of fear. Harris, author of "Diary From The Dome: Reflections on Fear and Privilege During Katrina," discussed his experience of being trapped in the New Orleans Superdome during Hurricane Katrina to an audience of about 70 at Smathers Library Thursday. Harris, now a retired staff member from the University of California at San Diego, arrived at New Orleans with tourism in mind. Instead, he was forced to seek refuge in the Superdome with about 20,000 other evacuees three days after his arrival, when Katrina hit. He said although the refugees, most of them families, received good meals and protection from the storm, they were put in the most unsanitary conditions he'd ever seen. He said people grew frustrated and angry after a few days without air conditioning. Some began break"Fear controlle thoughts. ing into ice machines. "We kept hearing, 'T coming! The buses ar Harris said, adding that about attacks and rapes spread among the cro like a lie, after lie, after li Harris remembers f people felt collectively when they heard a radio announcer d ouir say the waters were rising. "y "Fear controlled our thoughts," Paul Harris he said. Author If there was one thing he learned from his experience, it would be the power of fear in controlling our lives, he said. he buses are Harris said he was depressed by e coming!' the lack of progress when he visited false rumors New Orleans again not long ago. He also quickly encouraged everyone to urge local wd. "It was legislators to spend more money e," he said. in New Orleans and to never forhe first time get what happened. Harris donates scared was money to Common Ground Relief and other organizations that helped build houses and alleviate bad living conditions for hurricane victims. Sharon Austin, UF associate professor of political science, brought about 60 students from her AfricanAmerican politics class to the event. She said they were discussing New Orleans in class and thought it would be great to bring them. Alicia Antone, director of development for UF Libraries and a coordinator for the event, said Harris asked if he could come to UF and talk about his experience, despite not being paid. Program turns old phones into calling cards for soldiers THE OFFICE HOPES TO COLLECT 7,500 CELL PHONES BY JULY 4. BY CAROLYN TILLO Alligator Contributing Writer For once, the Alachua County Tax Collector's Office does not want money. It wants old cell phones. The office has already collected 6,876 cell phones from county residents for Cell Phones for Soldiers, a national organization that uses money raised from recycled cell phones to buy calling cards for American troops stationed overseas. The office hopes to collect 7,500 cell phones by July 4. Stephanie Kelley, the director of human resources at the Alachua County Tax Collector's Office, heard about the program on National Public Radio. After discovering that Gainesville had no collection centers for recycled cell phones, Kelley asked Alachua County Tax Collector Von Fraser if the county's three tax collector offices could be used as collection locations. The collection program kicked off in February 2006. The phones are shipped to a recycling company, and the company sends the money from recycling the phones to Cell Phones for Soldiers. The program then uses the money to buy calling cards. Each recycled phone provides an hour of talk time, according to the program's Web site. Around Kelley said she beGainesville lieves that anybody who goes overseas should be able to call home. Roxanne Watkins, the director of the downtown branch of the Alachua County Tax Collector's Office, has a son serving as a sergeant in the Marines in Iraq. Watkins helps get the calling cards from Cell Phones for Soldiers and, alongside the Military Support Group of Alachua County, places them in care packages for troops. The support group is in charge of mailing the care packages to the soldiers. Watkins said the program is a community effort, which includes Alachua County and surrounding counties like Clay County. She said returning troops come to the Military Support Group's meetings and comment about the care packages and phone cards. The troops have generally expressed appreciation for the service. "We get a lot of positive feedback," she said. "That's why we continue to do it because we want to continue to touch the lives of all of the troops." Salty Dog Saloon ALTERNATORS, STARTERS & BATTERIES 100 B eO Ay REPAIR OR SERVICE: s It og Io C0 E318-444U| Call us. Then start packing. www.apartmenthunters.com 352.336.9349 1402 W University Ave *Free Apartment Locating Service -Largest Roommate and Subleasing Database -Sign a Lease by 4/30 and You Could Win a 37" Flatscreen TV! EWRRHCE ZEND IUNNE? BRIEFING TONIGHT AT 7 PM, VAN FLEET HALL ROOM 108. ASK ABOUT OUR SCHOLARSHIP OPPORTUNITIES AND $5000 BONUS OFFER! dcU -a AO'orJ'yUnd ssuy 

PAGE 5

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 0 ALLIGATOR, 5 STATE UF law prof joins commission By TARA MEYER Alligator Contributing Writer Persistence is the word a UF law professor lives by, and he said it earned him a seat on a Florida appointing commission. Jon Mills was notified in March by Sen. Bill Nelson's office about his seat on the Florida Judicial Nominating Commission. "I think it's an important assignment to review federal judge appointments since they play an important part in our lives," Mills said. The Commission consists of 56 members that review and give recommendations of candidates who will serve as the U.S. District Court judges, U.S. marshals and U.S. attorneys in Florida, Mills said. The Commission's duties also include providing the governor with possible appointments to state appellate courts. Mills will join 12 other UF law graduates on the Commission. He is also a UF alumnus, dean emeritus, former Florida Speaker of the House and founding director of the Center for Governmental Responsibility. "Any time you get the chance to work in public service, it should be savored and enjoyed." Jon Mills UF law professor "I look forward to working with other members in the committee, along with having the chance to help make decisions by our senators and President Obama," Mills said. Growing up, Mills found inspiration in historical figures like Winston Churchill and Abraham Lincoln because they had to make tough decisions during difficult times. M9-AY 3 AO L BEACH 029 WEST PALM 20L Featuring James Taylor, The Steve Miller Band, 311, David Cook, UB40, Gin Blossoms, Slightly Stoopid, Pepper, Pennywise, Spyro Gyro, Classic Albums Live, Randy Bachman, 360 days a year: Citizen Cope, Bettye LaVette, Tonic, Jack's Mannequin, Cold War Kids, Sly and Robbie, Matt Nathanson, Sleep. Eat. Work. Repeat. Erin McCarley, G. Love & Special Sauce, 5 days of freedom at Candlebox, Thriving Ivory, SunFest: Chow. Sip. Dance. Party. Collective Soul Rock. Laugh. Repeat. and more. Enjoy the best getaway of the year! DON'T MISS THE PART WORTH TRAVELING FOR!! It's a year-end blowout party just for you. Check out Opening Night with 311 and New Music Night, Wednesday April 29th. sunfest.com/newmusic We've stacked the line-up with some of the hottest acts for a full weekend of music. Check out great hotel deals at sunfest.com/comeandstay sunfest.em National ty P Nnw apart ofGPNC. FRDELS "I think they are the type of people that young people can learn a lot from in their lives," Mills said. "They have an important characteristic, which is perseverance.", Despite his achievements, Mills has encountered challenges in reaching his goals in life, but he describes the challenges as defining moments that inspired his career. Besides contributing to the law community, Mills currently devotes his time to helping his daughters, Marguerite, 14, and Elizabeth, 9, play volleyball. He was never a volleyball player himself, but he spends about 10 hours a week helping the girls with their game. "I am a volleyball dad," Mills said. Although unsure where future plans will take him, Mills said they will definitely involve working in public service. "Any time you get the chance to work in public service, it should be savored and enjoyed," he said. Join the Race for the Animals 5K! Starts at 8:00 AM on Saturday, April 4th 2nd Annual r~e fois imals Si WIU benefit the Aiachua County Humane Society and Helping Hands Rescue, For more information, visit http://5krace.freewebpage.org STUDENT LOANS ON ANYTHING .TV's -Stereo's -Jewelry M sical Instruments Tools W ie bu deatoshcek BEST JEWELRY & LOAN 523 NW 3rd Ave. (352) 371-4367 pawn brokers GOT ADVENTURE? t-Scuba lessons t-Local trips t-Dive destinations Gear and apparel Repair and maintenance Rental equipment FREE MONTHLY LoCAL DIVE TRIPS! Aquatic Center Gainesville, FL 352-377-3483 www.aquaticcenter.com WOO!iASu esa owpuesalIq-mmm .S 419 MN CC 31AM3S wo.Isn'sdlSd3d Odom PUB SOR~ KARZMA BOUTIQUE UPSCALE CLOTHING At an Affordable Price! SALON PROFESSIONAL ACADEMY The Salon Professional Academy Gainesville 6915 NW 4th Blvd. Suite B, Gainesville, FL 32607 E ND E R E E R A Man arrested for battery, cocaine A Gainesville man was arrested early Wednesday morning in connection with hitting an officer and swallowing crack cocaine. At about 2 a.m., Gainesville Police Officer John Pandak stopped a man near 1100 N.W. Fifth Ave. while he was walking, the GPD arrest report stated. Because Pandak recognized the man, Eugene Knight, 19, as a narcotics offender, he asked Knight to open his mouth to check for cocaine. Local When Pandak grabbed Knight's arm to get a News better look, Knight swung his other arm at PanNews__ dak, hitting him in the head. According to the report, the defendant was "placed" on the ground, where he continued to thrash. Pandak attempted to remove the cocaine from Knight's mouth while handcuffing him. Then Knight swallowed the cocaine to destroy the evidence, the report stated. Knight told the officer he was "smoking dirty," lacing a cigarette or marijuana cigarette with cocaine, the report stated. Knight was charged with resisting an officer with violence, tampering with evidence and possessing a controlled substance. -KATIE EMMETS 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 Editorial ith final exams and project deadlines just around the bend, the Department of Darts & Laurels officially declares this weekend the one last hurrah of the spring semester. So get your drinking boots on and saddle up for two glorious evenings of debauchery while imagining that we call West Hollywood home rather than North Central Florida. Whether your latest flavor of the month tastes like the grittiness of Gator City or the sophistication of Sharab, just keep in mind the oh-so sexy demands of academia will soon be whispering your name. Before we head to the Oaks Mall to score the freshest in Affliction gear, we proudly present you this week's make-sure-tokeep-your-BAC-below-your-GPA-while-raging edition of. Darts & Laurels Word out of London reveals controversy beyond Michelle Obama's horrifying decision to touch Queen Elizabeth on her back. For breaking into a branch of the Royal Bank of Scotland and smashing windows, the Department of Darts & Laurels hurls a you-guys-lost-any-hint-of-credibility-the-second-youstarted-destroying-property DART at the G-20 summit protesters. We completely support the right to voice his or her opinion in a public forum, but please don't go and take such freedoms for granted by channeling your inner anarchist. For one New Jersey man unable to quench his thirst for Hennessy cognac, the second best option was letting out a cry. The Department of Darts & Laurels presents a we-can-safelyassume-you-listen-to-Yanni-while-taking-bubble-baths LAUREL to Edwin Calix for showing his sensitive side after being arrested for attempting to rob a liquor store. There's nothing wrong with a grown man shedding a few tears. Hell, we know a certain 22-year-old graduate student who's returned to work misty-eyed after watching an episode of "Gossip Girl." Giving an entirely new meaning to the question "so what kind of car do you drive?" one man's utterly unique mode of transportation has left him facing the wrath of the long arm of the law. For crashing his motorized bar stool after consuming 15 beers, the Department of Darts & Laurels chucks a you'rean-idiot-but-when-the-trial-is-over-can-you-build-us-one? DART at Kile Wygle. It doesn't matter if you're driving a car or a glorified lawn mower -driving drunk remains completely inexcusable. A casual conversation involving "Olympics" typically conjures imagery of world-class athletes -not exactly Kevin from "The Office." The Department of Darts & Laurels extends a what-a-truly-novel-approach-to-lighten-a-miserable-situation LAUREL to the creators of the Unemployment Olympics for providing an event in which jobless New Yorkers could blow off some steam with like-minded folks. With games like "pin the tail on the boss" and "race toward unemployment," we can safely assume the event was a roaring success for all involved. The latest in the rat saga currently occupying the minds of UF students everywhere reveals a turn for the worst. For spreading fear throughout the newsroom and making a meal out of our beloved keyboards, the Department of Darts & Laurels tosses a the-only-cool-rat-was-Splinter-from-Teenage-Mutant-NinjaTurtles DART at the Alligator rats. We can only imagine coming back to work on Sunday to find the entire building in shambles after the rats learned word of our unwillingness to coexist. We can't verify, but we're pretty sure there were constructionworker rats (on strike nonetheless!) in an episode of "Doug" that were pretty sweet too. Health nuts argue that organic cereal is a great alternative to sugary offerings like Captain Crunch -but when was the last time the ol' Captain made phone sex happen? The Department of Darts & Laurels awards an excuse-us-while-we-hit-upMother-Earth-to-buy-a-box LAUREL to Peace Cereal for putting children everywhere on the fast track to puberty thanks to an oversight printed on their boxes. Nothing like one incorrect digit in the company's 800 number resulting in a sexy voice inquiring if the caller loves sex. You can safely assume what we'll be eating for breakfast from now on. That's all for this week. Enjoy the weather. a ll te independent forida Nicole Safker EDITOR Kristin Bjornsen Rachel Roy MANAGING EDITORS Dan Seco OPINIONS EDITOR The Alligator encourages comments from readers Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about one etter-sized page) They mustbe typed, double-spaced and must includethe author's name, classification and phone number Names will be withheld if the writer shows just cause We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, styie and iibei Send letters to ietters@aiiigatororg, bring them to 1105 W University Aye or send them to P0 Box 14257, GainesviIle, FL 32604-2257Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial cartoons are also welcome Questions? Caii 376-4458 Opinions Column Grist shouldn't cut hen one thinks of the Everglades they tend to conjure imagery of nothing but giant swamps -unappealing and, honestly, a bit of a waste of space. Nothing could be further from the truth. Among other things, the Everglades are a designated World Heritage Site, a haven for rare and endangered species and one of the few places in the world where one can see the stunning ghost lily. Right, enough with the environmentalist pitch. Well I only urge all of you to go out and see the Everglades because the way things are looking, the opportunity may be gone some day. Apparently, the economic crisis, which has been so much fun for all of us -which has lead to such fantastic pop-culture memes as Rock Santelli's Wall Street populism howl and Jon Stewart giving a healthy dose of fear, trembling and sickness unto Jim Cramer -has claimed another victim. On Wednesday, Gov. Charlie Crist announced that, due to budgetary problems, Florida's long-overdue plan to buy 182,000 acres of Everglades land from the United States Sugar Corporation will be significantly scaled back. Instead, less than 73,000 acres will be purchased -less than half of the specified amount in the original proposal. Don't think I don't see where the state is coming from. With people losing their jobs, we have to save money where we can. It's just something of a shame. This is actually the second time the plan has been scaled back, and I'm not optimistic that there won't be more. Things are looking bleak for the Everglades. Already under siege from industrial developers and environmental problems, the land has lately fallen victim to a ALLIGATOR www.aIIigator.org/opinions USE LESS GET FACEBOOK? N.,.O FASTEXCS? FOOD? I UNDERSTAND THAT A PLEDGE GOT SICK FROM THE EXERCISE AND ALL BUT. .IS THIS HAZING OR A LIST OF NEW YEARS RESOLUTIONS? Everglades funding series of invasive species -like the Burmese python, the outbreak of which was parodied on "The Daily Show" -and now it seems the cavalry has been delayed. "If we don't fight to create a future," Eric Chianese writes Neil Gaiman in his charmletters@alligator org ing story 'Strange Little Girls,' "there will not be a future for any of us." This announcement, ironically coming just on the heels of Earth Hour, has set me to thinking about this place that I've always known about but so seldom had any interest in. It makes me wonder, as well, what will be next. Maybe the upkeep of Yellowstone will get too expensive. Maybe filling up the Grand Canyon will be the government's next shovel-ready project. I feel the urge to get out and see these places while I have the chance. Ah, if only it weren't for finals. There's a fantastic exhibit at the Florida Museum of Natural History that you should check out if you want to get a feel for the real beauty and majesty that the Everglades hold. It consists of a series of large black and white photos by a talented photog named Clyde Butcher, and a series of color prints by his prot6g6, Jeff Ripple. Both men are extremely talented and capture the serenity of the unspoiled parts of this increasingly spoiled landscape. There's another section where you can learn about the things threatening the Everglades and how to help. I know it sounds educational, but check it out. It might be the closest to the real thing you get. Eric Chianese is an English junior. His column appears weekly. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: Would you call Thursday's question: Would you 80% YES a phone-sex hotline? pass a drug test? 20% NO 221 TOTAL VOTES Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org 

PAGE 7

Letters to the Editor Legalized pot not so problematic Before we legalize pot, if we were opposed to it, we should definitely write an article with a plethora of construed facts that have nothing to do with marijuana at all. I would not equate the legalization of the least toxic psychoactive substance known to man with providing unstable countries with the means to destroy the free world. In addition, letting everyone carry guns also has nothing to do with the issue. Anyone in the U.S. that wants to carry a gun legally can get a permit to do so. All of the criminals will carry their guns regardless of the laws in order to carjack, rob, murder and rape the law-abiding citizens. This is why the good citizens have the right to bear arms and obtain a concealed weapons permit. Back to the real issue here, marijuana. If we legalized pot, people's interest in smoking the substance would probably decline. Only a minor percentage of high school students in Amsterdam, where weed is essentially legal, have reported trying it as opposed to the 20 percent or more of American high students. I'm not saying everyone should smoke pot. The fact is, some people, like Gary Colon's father, cannot handle smoking pot in addition to their other responsibilities. Then again, some people can't handle drinking alcohol, but that's perfectly legal. As for marijuana leading to other drugs for his father, maybe he should blame alcohol. He, like the majority of Americans, probably had his first intoxicated experience with alcohol, not weed. Marijuana being legal would not increase its use, cause harm or make it easier to obtain for adolescents. Ask any kid under 21 what's easier to get, weed or liquor, and they'll say weed. Drug dealers don't check IDs. Perhaps Colon should talk to those who have depression, cancer, AIDS and other debilitating diseases who use it for medicine, or those who prefer its relaxing feelings over drunken nights of fighting, vomiting, sex with strangers, memory loss and, of course, epic hangovers. Jordan M. UFjunior Letter fails to form factual argument Wednesday's letter to the editor stated that marijuana has no benefit to society whatsoever and is extremely dangerous to the public. The author made the massive jump likening legalizaton of marijuana to allowing everyone to carry guns and letting North Korea and Iran to stockpile nuclear weapons. How does anyone honestly think legalizing or decriminalizing marijuana will lead to a complete breakdown of the policy of the United Nations? Also, if you think kids aren't already getting their hands on pot as they please, you are just naive. Moreover, marijuana is used medicinally and has clearly been shown in lab tests to significantly help treat and prevent such illnesses as glaucoma and even Alzheimer's Disease. But no, marijuana has no positive uses. I am not saying I am either for or against legalization or decriminalization of marijuana, but rather asking that people please use rational and factual support for their opinions and not absurd leaps in logic and blatant lies. Maybe think for yourself and do some research instead of just adopting the "Above The Influence" commercials as your personal belief system. Robert Olivo 3AG SG should give group adequate funding Amongst all of the budget woes here at UF, it was inevitable that some student organizations would feel the impact. Unfortunately, SG politics threaten the fate of an important, popular and visible group Gators for a Sustainable Campus. When I walked into my first GSC meeting early in my freshman year, I was thrilled to find a passionate, ambitious group of young students who were dedicated to making a difference in the university and beyond. I quickly learned of GSC's short but admirable history -it was the brainchild of a group of students who took a class on sustainability together. The drive of the founders is evident in today's membership, with student projects ranging from passing a green fee at the university level (it is currently in state legislature), the planning of an Earth Day extravaganza, outreach to local elementary schools and social events like camping. It is of the utmost importance that GSC continues to receive adequate funding and remains a separate entity from the new sustainability agency being created in SG. As a student group we allow an outlet for any member of the student body to bring forth ideas and projects to get support, volunteers and guidance. Jamie Schindewolf 2LS Column's satire belittles poverty issues Although I know that Johnathan Lott's column in Thursday's Alligator comparing grades to taxes was written in jest, I have to say that I take serious issue with his metaphor. Under even the briefest of examinations, it is obvious that this comparison is comFRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 7 pletely irrelevant to the real world where there are innumerable issues that force people into poverty. Furthermore, the fact that the struggles low-income families face every day as they try to make ends meet is compared to such a minor issue as grades is belittling and demeaning. Weak metaphors aside, the real question that we, Lott in particular, have to ask ourselves is whether the fact that some people possess a higher level of knowledge and skills than others justifies the enormous disparities in wealth in America. If someone works hard their whole life and becomes a billionaire, does that mean that they are entitled to keep most of it since they worked hard? Does it mean that they are therefore entitled to own five houses and their own private island since they worked hard? If, on the other hand, I was not able to get an adequate education and I am forced to work a minimum wage job, does that mean that I should be so poor that my children are unable to get an adequate education even though I worked hard? Does it mean that they shouldn't have access to adequate health care when they get sick even though I worked hard? Does it mean that they should be forced to skip meals or go to bed hungry every night even though I worked hard? Does it mean that my family and I should be forced to live in substandard housing even though I worked hard? A progressive tax system is not designed to make everyone equal. It is meant to ensure that all Americans, regardless of their circumstances, have access to decent housing, food, education and health care. Max Tipping 3LS "DIRECTOR GREG MOTTOLA HAS CRAFTED ANOTHER CLASSIC. IT'S ONE OF THIS YEAR'S RARE TREATS. I LOVE ADVENTURELAND." AIN'T IT COOL NEWS 4 REGAL CINEMAS BUTLER PLAZA 14 Gainesville 800-FANDANGO #185 o $51UDL RS $5 JAGER OMI5 MANIU KIRIAN 1702 W. University Ave. 374-4984 $WTEEP1TTHUES $4 LONG ISLANDS SAT: Free'Bee LieD It is estimated that 1 in 100 Floridians are HIV-positive. Protect Yourself! EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT STARTS TODAY 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 Groups sponsor talk on women in Islam Dr. Jamillah Karim speaks about gender equality in Islam Terrace at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium on Thursday night. at the Touchdown By CHELSEA KEENAN Alligator Writer Right after sunset, 14 students kneeled in the direction of Mecca on the floor of Touchdown Terrace at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium Thursday night to take part in prayer before Jamillah Karim took the podium to speak to a crowd of about 40 people. Karim, who was brought by Islam on Campus and Accent, lectured about a woman's role in the Islam faith. Karim became the first Muslim professor of religion at Spelman College, an all-girls liberal arts school in Atlanta, Ga. "I believe it has been divinely decided that I give the talk I plan to give today," she said, adding she had originally prepared a different lecture but was driven by Allah to speak on something different. To help illustrate her main points, she shared stories of the different Muslim women who impacted her life and shaped her ways of thinking. She first shared the story of her On mother, an African-American Muslim Campus convert, who Karim said would try to wash off the color of skin when she was a child because she was ashamed of its shade. "She told us this to share the psychological impact on racism but also to show how Islam healed her," Karim said. "It broke the shackles in my mind to show that black was beautiful." Karim also compared the views the America media and Muslim women have toward the hijab, the headdress Muslim women wear. She said while many American publications depict Muslim women in passive poses, Muslim publications showcase more active women in the faith. After Karim's 45-minute lecture, students had a chance to ask her questions pertaining to current events facing Islamic women, such as certain Islamic nations who participate in female circumcision. "The reality is that the Koran does not support that," Karim said, adding there is a distinction between Islamic practice and cultural practices in Islamic nations. "The reason why the two tend to be confused is that Islam is a religion that is open to cultures, so many cultural acts will continue." O-r 2 fVIo E%< 1 CUO itE Oco2. 0 cc I=. CU tiSpe g has Sp ung Student/FacultySpedal only $22 with a cart (valid Mon-Thurs all day, Fri-Sun after 11) JRONWQDD Call 334-3120 For Your Tee Time Today 2100 NE 39th Avenue GET DRESSED BEFORE YOU HIT THE ROAD Gloves help your grip. Leathers help prevent hypothermia. And all gear protects against flying objects. Which is vital if you ever become the flying object MOTORCYCLE SAFETY FOUNDATION THE 5WflMP IE5TflUIRhT A Galmteli Tua~wi et 15 gjemL! HfPPY HOUR 5PECIfIL5 Monday through Friday 2-4 pm $3.95 Miller Lite/Coors Light Pitchers 4-4pin $5.75 Miller Lite/Coors Light Pitchers 2-4-1 Bacardi Flavors, Three Olive Flavors, Captain Morgan 1ill Day Every Day $5 House Margaritas WE CATER! Deliciou5 1ppetizer5,5alad5,5andwich Platter and more! DEPHES% 

PAGE 9

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 9 Foreign correspondent details time spent in Africa By HUNTER SIZEMORE Alligator Writer jhsizemore@alligator org Her driver would take her no further; he felt crossing the sandy riverbed that marked the border of Chad and Sudan, nations of central Africa, was for the foolhardy. But Lydia Polgreen had to meet her sources on the other side, members of a rebel group operating out of Sudan with the goal of toppling Chad's government. As the West African bureau chief for the New On York Times, it was Campus Polgreen's third or fourth trip to the area. She was piecing together a fractured and complex regional conflict and the rebels were another shard of the story. "One false step and you could easily find yourself in a world of trouble," she said to about 50 UF professors and students Thursday. Polgreen and her photographer crossed the riverbed on foot to meet their rebel contact, with whom neither shared a language. Wordlessly, they climbed onto a truck overflowing with machine-gun-toting rebels. "I sorta felt this little shiver of unease and thought 'I don't know about this'," she said. Sudanese soldiers quickly caught the rebLydia Polgreen, the former West African bureau chief for The New York Times, speaks in the Smathers Library on Thursday afternoon. els, along with Polgreen and her photographer, loaded them onto another truck and took them to the headquarters of a local security chief. When Polgreen tried to speak with her photographer, a rebel guarding her tapped his gun's trigger as a way of saying "be quiet." "'This is it' I thought, 'my luck has run out'," she said. She has been to mines policed by militants in the Congo rainforest where barehanded workers dig out metal for use in cell phones and computers. But her work isn't always at personal risk. Recently, she wrote about a plague of caterpillars which gobbled up the crops of Liberia. When she finally met the Sudanese security chief, Polgreen was surprised. Instead of throwing her into jail, not an uncommon fate for journalists in Sudan, he discussed local politics with her at length in broken English. Afterwards, he gave Polgreen a large meal and had soldiers drop her back at the border. Often, when a journalist finds the answer that they've been searching for at the "ends of the earth," it's not what they thought it was going to be, she said. "That's what happened to me on the border of Chad and Sudan," she said. Polgreen's talk was sponsored by the Center for African Studies. No fee was set but Leonardo Villal6n, the director of the center, expects that she will be paid a few hundred dollars to help with travel expenses, he said. She is in the United States preparing for her new assignment in India. #1 Florida Softball vs. Mississippi State OTomorrow @ I & 3:15 PM -First 200 fans receive Junior Class Trading Cards! OSunday @ 1 PM 'All promotions subjectito changewithout prior note -Al ome games are played at t Seasoe Pressly ISoftbal Stadium ABiotest Help: Save Lives. Preserve Lives. Enhance the Quality of Lives. ki f Blood Plasma Donors Needed. Your plasma can be used to manufacture life-saving therapies for the treatment of hemophilia, cancer, burn and trauma patients. Please help us help those coping with rare, chronic, genetic diseases. New donors can receive $20 today & $60 this week! Ask about our Specialty Programs! Must have valid ID along with proof of SS4 and local residency. Must be 18 years or older. Mon-Thu: 8:00 am-7:00 pm Fri: 8:00 am-5:00 pm Sat: 8:00 am-4:OO pim Wireless Internet Now Available! BIOTEST PLASMA CENTER 1112 N. Main St. Gainesville, FL 32601 352-378-9431 PIE-Fl FROM LAPTOP TO TABLETOP TRACK YOUR PIZZA OR SANDWICH AS IT'S PREPPED, BAKED, BOXED & DELIVERED. QOPER ONLINC G aWe mobi e in 

PAGE 10

10, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3,2009 Shortage of nurses is blamed on poor pay, stress The undergraduate nursing program is threatened by budget cuts By LAUREN MARKS Alligator Contributing Writer At 11 p.m., registered nurse Alexis Lynch gulps down a Dr Pepper and some animal crackers to give her energy for the 16th hour of her shift on the pediatrics floor at Shands at UF. She agreed to work late even despite being scheduled to leave at 7 p.m. because there were not enough nurses to cover the shift. The demand for nurses far outweighs the supply on a national level, as well as right here in Gainesville. "We are definitely understaffed," Lynch said. "I am called in almost every day that I am off because they need me to work." Ruth Thompson, a charge nurse at Shands at UF, blames the nursing shortage on a lack of resources and professors, as well as the stress attributed to the job. "The hospital says that it can't afford to pay nurses overtime," she said. "And there just aren't enough professors in the college programs to teach students." Practicing nurses are paid much more than professors in the industry, Thompson said. "I would love to teach, but I just can't take the pay cut," she said. Tracy Wright, director of public relations and communications for the College of Nursing at UF, said the budget cuts at UF may be threatening the undergraduate nursing program. "We do not know the exact impact of the cuts yet, but one proposal calls for eliminating the undergraduate program altogether," she said. It is more likely that the college as a whole will have to scale back, rather than cutting entire programs, Wright said. "The nursing program is very competitive," she said. "We have limited resources and clinical spaces." Florida law limits the dents allowed to partici which are direct observa Wright said. I am called in alm that I am off becau me to wor Job burnout also appe in the nursing shortage. The 12-hour-plus shift Rita Toro, who said work tal intensive care unit w manding. "A lot of nurses are le go to less stressful jobs a and nursing homes," Tor Toro retired from her job as a nurse at number of stuNorth Florida Regional Medical Center pate in clinicals, more than 10 years ago to open the boutions of patients, tique Especially for Women located on Newberry Road. "I left nursing to open a business for st every day women diagnosed with breast cancer," se they need Toro said. "It was more flexible for raising k." children, and I wanted to start a family." Alexis Lynch There were nurses who would go three Registered nurse days without seeing their own children, Toro said. "I can't imagine what it would be like ars to be a factor to have this job and take care of a family," Lynch said. s were taxing on Despite the stress and strain of working ing in the neonaon holidays, Lynch said she is happy she as extremely dechose a pediatric nursing career. "There are always going to be illnesses aving the field to and injuries," Lynch said. "Health care t clinics, schools doesn't close. We are open 24 hours a o said. day." Friends, family gather to remember fallen GPD officer By KATIE EMMETS Alligator Writer kemmets@alligator org When he stands at the location where Gainesville Police Lt. Corey Dahlem was hit by a drunken driver two years ago today, Capt. Bart Knowles doesn't think about Dahlem's death. Instead, Knowles said he thinks about campfires, playing the guitar and occasionally having a beer or two with his old neighbor and coworker. "When I come here, that's what I reflect upon, not what has happened Dahlem here," Knowles said. "I think about the good things, not the police stuff." Officers held candles close to their hearts to protect the flame from going out as about 150 family members, friends and coworkers gathered to remember Dahlem at a candlelight vigil Thursday night. The vigil took place at 1700 W. University Ave., where the GPD veteran of 22 years was struck by a speeding pickup truck on April 3, 2007. Following the UF men's basketball team's win in the na113N. Main Downtown ^J1 The Wine & Cheese Gallery i Fairly -Bird Saturday ing afiend to lunch Get one entree free (befor non .I. SAFETY BELTS. -SMART FROM THE START tional championship game, Dahlem was crossing the street at 2:10 a.m. when the driver of the truck illegally turned and ignored police signaling him to stop. "It's not much of a celebration when we lose one of our own," Capt. Ed Book said of the basketball team's win. "If we have one tragedy, the whole event is a failure." However, good things do come out of every bad situation, Book said. "Corey would appreciate the fact that we are safer and more efficient," he said. GPD Chief Norman Botsford said Dahlem was like a father to the younger officers in the department. "Everyone that worked there liked him," he said. "Which is not always true of authority figures." Since Dahlem's death, Botsford said the department has worked on DUI education and prevention. "More people are killed by drivers who are under the influence than any other criminal act," he said. Lt. Keith Kameg said the vigil highlights how senseless Dahlem's death was. "This is not only a testament to a good police officer, but a wellHarrison Diamond/ Alligator Staff Gainesville Police officers hold candles during a memorial service for GPD Lt. Corey Dahlem, who was killed by a drunk driver in 2007, at the intersection of West University Avenue and 17th Street. liked man in the office," Kameg said, adding that he used to live across the street from Dahlem. On the morning of a UF versus Florida State University game, Kameg said he walked out of his j. d bies BREAKFAST NOWSERV1NG 7-11 AM EXPRESS TO 2 PM FRIDAY, SATURDAY, SUNDAY 34TH ST. PLAZA 672-6111 IN STORE ONLY front door to find that Dahlem, an avid FSU fan and prankster, shrink-wrapped his entire house and car in garnet and gold. At the vigil, Lt. Scott Meffen expressed his love for Dahlem to his wife Salley and their two children Brandon and Katie. "Not a day goes by that I don't drive by and look at the memorial," he said speaking slowly. "He's right here in my heart." MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD Stbiieft Governmeft Cabinet Focus Group Winesdsiy, April 8 FREE PIZZA! The Bolitz Union RM. 347 -mi W10.111 2:3. Email pr@pm.uh.mu 2:33 i.n huh .i pi 

PAGE 11

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 11 AROUND GAINESVILLE Animal clinics, adoption orgs feel economic strain By DEANA CASIMANO Alligator Contributing Writer As people stretch every dollar they can, local animal clinics and adoption organizations are also feeling the effect of a slowed economy. "It's harder to get people to adopt animals right now because they don't want to take on the extra expense," said Hilary Knodel, a veterinary technician at the All Cats Healthcare Clinic on Northwest 13th Street. Cats that would normally be adopted from the clinic within a week have waited for double and triple that time. Knodel started a Facebook group to help get the animals adopted. Since she started the group, a few of the cats have left the clinic with new homes but overall interest has fallen considerably as the economy has worsened. "Last semester students would come into the clinic just to play with the cats," she said. "That has not happened at all yet." The increased expense of pet supplies and extra time animals spend at the clinic before adoption has strained the already tight budget. Knodel also noticed people wait longer before bringing their pets for yearly check-ups or lab work and shots. Clients are not as willing to spend money on their animals like they were in the past she said. Knodel said an increasing number of owners who have animals needing procedures, such as surgeries, costing hundreds of dollars, will give up the pet instead of paying for it. "It's heartbreaking because we want to help these animals," she "It's heartbreaking because we want to help these animals." Hilary Knodel Veterinary technician, All Cats Healthcare Clinic said. The Puppy Hill Farm Animal Rescue in Melrose also noticed the effects a bad economy can have on pet adoptions. Founder and coowner Laurie Trenholm said clients who adopted pets years ago have returned the animals because they can no longer provide care for them. The increase in people losing their homes has also resulted in animals losing their homes, she said. Puppies and kittens still get adopted quickly, but finding homes for the older animals is harder, she said. Financially, the pet rescue has survived rather well because of a grant awarded to Alachua County seven years ago through the Maddie's Fund, a non-profit organization dedicated to stopping the killing of healthy animals. T h e grant provides participants funding based on the number of dog and cat adoptions they do each year. Along with the Puppy Hill Farm Animal Rescue, several other local agencies participate in the program, including the Alachua County Humane Society and Animal Services, Gainesville Pet Rescue, Helping Hands Rescue at West End Animal Hospital and Haile's Angels Pet Rescue, according to the Maddie's Fund Web site. When the seven-year grant ends in July, the organizations supported by it are supposed to have achieved self-sufficiency, but in this economy Trenholm said it will be a challenge. "The everyday person is thinking twice about putting $5 in the donation jar," she said. Both Knodel and Trenholm agree that despite the economy, adopting a pet is more rewarding and less expensive than buying one from a pet store or breeder. On average, at both the clinic and the pet rescue, a pet costs about $100 to adopt. The price includes the necessary shots and spaying or neutering of the animal. Buying an animal instead of adopting it can cost three times that amount without the shots or fixing included, Trenholm said. FAS faces proposed budget cuts of about $16.4M 0 THE COLLEGE WOULD ALSO FACE LAYOFFS. By THOMAS STEWART Alligator Staff Writer tstewa rt@a IIigator org UF would lay off about 100 more staff and faculty under budget cut proposals described this week, bringing the number of layoffs UF could see in the next round of cuts to about 250. Most of the new layoffs would be in the Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences, which proposed about 93 staff layoffs. IFAS includes the College of Agricultural and Life Sciences. IFAS spokesman Jack Battenfield said IFAS and the college were too intertwined to be able to separate cuts to the two entities. Under its proposal, IFAS would cut about $16.4 million. In addition to staff layoffs, it would cut operating expenses, such as money for travel and equipment, and reduce the number of graduate assistants by 10 percent, or 40 students, he said. IFAS predicts graduate enrollment would fall by about 4 percent under that scenario. Cuts to operating expenses and graduate assistants would save about $3.7 million, while layoffs would save about $4 million. About 97 vacant staff and faculty positions would be eliminated, saving about $6.7 million. New fundU F ing, such as grants, Administration would be found for about 45 positions, saving about $2 million. Building maintenance and electricity costs would also be cut by about $100,000. Though the College of Veterinary Medicine has not released its proposal, the only college that still hasn't done so, college spokeswoman Sarah Carey discussed some of the details. Under its $2.3 million cut, about 10 faculty and 10 staff positions, most of them vacant, would be cut, Carey said. The college would also hire about seven fewer residents and interns in the Veterinary Medical Center, which includes the small and large animal hospitals, next year, she said. No programs would be cut and enrollment would not be reduced, she said. All colleges and administrative units were asked to present 10 percent budget cuts to UF by Wednesday. UF Provost Joe Glover said he had received most of them by Thursday afternoon. City Commi By EMILY FUGGETTA Alligator Writer efuggetta@alligator org The Gainesville City Commission unanimously passed an ordinance to regulate the bicycle cabs and rickshaws that give rides for tips and donations during game days. The ordinance was first suggested in an October commission meeting as an answer to the problem of too many pedi-cabs on the streets near the campus. Drivers will have to wear identification and display a vehicle-forhire permit on the cab, as well as a license plate. The rickshaws will also be required to have turn signals, headand taillights and side-view mirrors. Alejandro Ramos, owner of local bicycle-cab service Gainesville Rickshaws, said he expects the ordinance to increase business because it will discourage companies from Orlando, who often come to Gainesville on game days and don't act professional. "Sometimes they don't have lights or good brakes," he said. Ramos said despite the initial cost of bringing his company up to the standards of the new ordinance, ssion pass he is excited about its passing. "It'll help me more than it will hurt me," he said. "I'm really excited about it." Early in the meeting, Viola Moore, mother of a resident in the soon-to-close low-income housing development Seminary Lane, also spoke before the commission in a plea to help the residents there. Mayor Pegeen Hanrahan said that the commission is working with the city to provide funding for Seminary Lane tenants to transfer their utilities and pay for other 4 ~moving expenses. The commission also approved the anHanrahan nexation of a piece of privately owned property on Southwest Williston Road for development use. Seven members of the community spoke against the annexation, saying they were worried that the land will become overdeveloped and create a traffic problem similar to those on 34th Street and Archer Road. One speaker pointed out that there are already too many unsold houses in Gainesville. Hanrahan emphasized that the owner of the land is legally allowed )s bicycle cab, rickshaw ordinance to develop, and the choice is only "Our hands are tied under state Maybe, maybe not. But that's not whether it will be under city or law," she said. "Is it a great idea for the decision before the city comcounty jurisdiction. someone to be building right now? mission." Gainesville City Commissioner Scherwin Henry and Commissioner Jack Donovan talk during Thursday's City Commission meeting at City Hall. 

PAGE 12

12, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3,2009 Charity event to benefit Children's Miracle Network 0 15th ANNUAL DANCE MARATHON WILL BE HELD SATURDAY. By CHELSEA KEENAN Alligator Writer About 600 students will stand for a cause this weekend in the O'Connell Center. UF's 15th annual Dance Marathon will kick off on Saturday at 11:48 a.m., followed by 26.2 hours of dancing, donating money to the Children's Miracle Network at Shands at UF, according to Madison Cheatwood, public relations chairwoman of the event. Children's Miracle Network is a national organization that helps fund pediatric research and provides treatment for diseases and injuries. About $435,560 was raised last year, she said, adding fundraising efforts began in September. While some of the funds are used to rent out the O'Connell Center, all remaining money will be given to Children's Miracle Network at Shands Children's Hospital at UF. To mix it up on the dance floor, participants will dance through different activities and perform a five-minute routine about every hour. Ten of the hours will be themed, during which dancers will have the opportunity to match by dressing up in costume. Cheatwood said themes this year include "Alice in Wonderland," high school cliques, and even a birthday celebration in reference to Dance Marathon's 15th anniversary. "Every dollar stays local." Madison Cheatwood Dance Marathon public relations chairwoman Food for the event was donated by about 40 different restaurants around town and will be served to correspond with each hour's theme. Cheatwood said local bands and groups such as the UF Symphony Orchestra and UF steel drum band will all perform during the event. But the marathon offers more than just fancy dance moves and rhythmic beats. She said the most touching part of the night will be when about 24 families share their stories about how the Children's Miracle Network has impacted their lives. No monetary goal was set this year because any amount of money will help, Cheatwood said. "Every dollar stays local," she said. "You can walk through Shands and see what (the money) paid for." New members subjected to push-ups, running, sleep deprivation SORORITY, from page 1 be." The report also stated that new members were subjected to pushups, running and sleep deprivation. The evidence of hazing came from the testimonies of two girls, according to the report. The report noted UF's definition of hazing includes actions or situations that endanger the mental or physical health or safety of a student. In unanimously recommending the chapter's suspension and probation, the board noted the chapter had a history of hazing violations. The chapter was suspended for three years in 2003, said Danielle Pechac, who assumed presidency of the chapter when it was allowed back on campus in 2006 and served until the summer of 2008, the semester before the hazing occurred. Pechac declined to comment on the specifics of the hazing detailed in the board's report but said the chapter admitted guilt and accepted responsibility. She said the chapter, which currently has no house, had been doing well On since its reinstatement. Campus "We did everything to try and prevent this situation from happening again," she said. The group even accepted the award for best chapter in 2007-2008 from the Multicultural Greek Council in November, she said. But 10 minutes before receiving the award, the chapter got a letter from UF informing it of its temporary suspension due to allegations of hazing. "It was an emotional rollercoaster," she said. "It was just, you know, the best and worst thing at the exact same time." Pechac said she doesn't understand why the punishment from the national organization was so much harsher than UF's ruling. "They (the members of the board) were willing to give us more opportunity than my national headquarters was," she said. Questions about the national organization's decision were referred to its director, who could not be reached by e-mail. Pechac said she's hurt but hopeful. "We will work though every consequence that we were given," she said. "We can and we will survive it." President addressed students' concerns, cutting undergraduate population ment and how students who were in the major currently would be affected. "I wanted to give a face to the questions aid as well as have higher qualification stanbeing asked, especially in the religion departdards. ment's case," said Plowfield, who is a religion Students also took the opportunity durmajor. She was reassured by Machen that aling the meeting to voice their concerns about though they would not be letting in new stulooming budget cuts. dents to the major under the college's current UF sophomore Caitlin Plowfield asked budget cut proposal, she would be able to Machen about recent cuts to the College of continue and graduate. Liberal Arts and Sciences religion departDiscussion also centered around the Board special." of Trustees'new focus on graduate education and how it would affect undergraduates at UF. "We're not backing off undergraduate education," said Machen, who is in favor of reducing the undergrad population at UF. Machen "We're just putting a ring around it to make it more At the end of the forum, Jonathan Sheffield, Jr. president of IRHA, awarded Machen with a special IHRA pin and said it was rare for a university president to meet with students once, let alone five times in one school year. "If your only information is from the Alligator then you're not getting the whole connection," Machen said. "So these forums are a very valuable and important link for me and the kids on campus." Santa Fe College president said budget cuts should have low impact on students L1=_N 1NW SFC president Dr. Jackson Sasser talks about the college's budget for the upcoming school year, including the new buildings being constructed, and encourages attendees not to give up hope, during a meeting in the SFC gymnasium Thursday afternoon. MEETING, from page l ance costs. This could mean simple changes, such as buying generic rather than brand-name drugs and going in for routine health screenings in order to prevent problems before they arise. According to Lawrence Keen, assistant to the president, students may be slightly inconvenienced because of the cutbacks. Because a staff of about 850 has been consolidated to 800, students may notice slight changes, such as having to wait an extra day to see an adviser, Keen said. No money will be cut from the college's Student Life budget, a fund which is established by taking 10 percent of the cost per credit hour that each student is enrolled in. From a credit hour fee of $59.80, $5.98 goes toward campus activities and services such as student government. "If we have done our job, the students will experience minimal impact," Sasser said, in an interview held after the meeting. Despite cutbacks, the college appears to be making strides in the positive direction. The president announced that an Articulation Agreement has been reached by SFC and UF's business college, a plan that would guarantee business students from SFC entrance into UF if they meet the requirements. Students would then be eligible to take online classes for a business degree at UF and even pick up a minor if they choose. There is no cap for the number of students in online classes, and students would still get all of the benefits, such as going to football games, that students who physically attend class receive. A transportation bill was also discussed, one whose fate will be decided in the coming weeks by the Legislature. If the bill passes, a new route will be added to the existing two, one which runs from the Oaks Mall to the northwest campus. Student Body President Cesar Fernandez, who has been lobbying for the bill that is more than 9 years old, said the frequency will also be improved, with buses coming three times per hour. President Sasser remained positive as he summarized the meeting by urging everyone to look for ways to find additional savings. "We'll get through this," he said. MACHEN, from page 1 

PAGE 13

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 13 Ver 0nnwireless Friends& Fam' y Now you can call more. And save more. Unlimited calling to your top 10 numbers and our 80 million customers. At no extra cost you can: -Choose 10 numbers anywhere in America, on any network, even landlines. With any Nationwide Family SharePlan* 1400 Anytime Minutes or more. Activation fees, taxes& other charges apply.* -Talk all you want with America's Largest Mobile to Mobile Calling Family. Over 80 million strong. -Plus, get unlimited Night & Weekend Calling and no domestic roaming or long distance charges. It's the best value in wireless! AfH Get it all on America's Largest and Most Reliable Wireless Network. Already a customer? Buy any BlackBerry, get one FREE! BlackBerry Storm" $19999 H a.2 BlackBerry Curve" $9999 $169.99 2-yr. price -$70 mail-in rebate debit card. 4 or Lp All phones require new 2-yr. activation or a voice plan with e-mail feature, or email plan. Free BlackBenry of equal or lessen valve. BlackBerry 8830 $9999 $169.99 2-yr. price -$70 mail-in rebate debit card. BlackBerry Pearl" $1999 $119.99 2-yr. price -$100 mail-in rebate debit card. Motorola Krave"' ZN4 Touch screen with interactive clear flip $130 OFF! NOW ONLY $4999 $99.99 2-yr price -$50 madi-i nehate dehi card. Requires new 2yr. activation on a Nationwide Calling Plan. Call 1.888.640.8776 Click verizonwireless.com Visit any store VERIZON WIRELESS COMMUNICATIONS STORES Open 7 d Technicians available at select locations CLERMONT 1415 E. Hwy. 50 352-243-6826 GAINESVILLE 3401 S W Archer Rd 352-378-8828 Oaks Mall Klosk 352-331-0379 In Collaboration with Alcatel-Lucent LADY LAKE 870 N. H wy. 27/441, Ste. G. 352-350-2861 LAKE CITY Lake City Mail 386-719-2173 LEESBURG Lake Square Mall 352-787-2449 Aceptamos La Matricula Consular OCALA Paddock Mali 352-2S 2613 SW I9Th Ave Rd Visit verizonwireless.com to find a Club near you. I ntroducing 3900 2-620-003 BUSINESS CUSTOMERS 1-800-899-4249 *Our Surcharges (incl. Fed. Univ. Svc. of 11.3% of interstate & int'l telecom charges (varies quarterly), 7C Regulatory & 85C Administrative/line/mo. & others by area) are not taxes (details: 1-888-684-1888); gov't taxes & our surcharges could add 6%-26% to your bill. Activation fee/line: $35 ($25 for secondary FamilySharePlan linesw/2-yr. Agmts). IMPORTANT CONSUMER INFORMATION: Subject to Cust. Agmt, Calling Plan, rebate form & credit approval. Up to $175 early termination fee/line, upto 40C/min. after allowance & add'l charges apply for data sent or received. Friends & Family: Only domestic landline or wireless numbers (other than directory assistance, 900 numbers or customer's own wireless or voice mail access numbers) included; all eligible lines on an account share the same Friends & Family numbers, up to account's eligibility limits; set up & manage on My Verizon. Offers & coverage, varying by svc., not available everywhere. Network details & coverage maps at vzw.com. Limited-time offers. While supplies last. Rebate debit card takes up to 6iwks. & exp. in 12 mos. 2009 Verizon Wireless. MOIA r 

PAGE 14

BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND Classifieds FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/classifieds For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent furnished furnished furnished furnished l unfurnishe $485 per bedroom-All inclusive! 3/3 TH!! Roommate match avail <1 mi from UF! Huge 24hr gym! free tanning,freeHBO/showtime *Oxford Manor*(352) 377-2777 these apts kick other apts in the teeth 4-22-72-1 NEED ROOMMATES? One Month Rent Free! Inclusive 3's-$535, 4's-$482; HUGE 2/2 5 Townhomes at $530/person FREE UF Parking, Cable, Water! FREE Roommate Match, Tanning FREE Alarms, W/D, 24hr Gym Sparkling Pool, Tennis, BBall 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Great Bus Routet 2 Miles to UF 4-22-72-1 Deals You Can't Beat! W/D in unit LOW Rates! FREE Cable We love Pets! One Month FREE! Tanning! Call NOW! 372-8100 4-22-72-1 1, 2, 3, 4BR Apts. www.ApartmentsinGainesville.com 4-22-72-1 WANT $$$ JUST FOR LIVING HERE?!? 2/2 & 4/4 APTS STARTING AT $5091 MOVE IN FOR ONLY $35t GET $750 OFF YOUR LEASE TODAY!t CALL NOW: 352.271 3131 GainesvillePlace.com 4-22-72-1 -2 BlockS To UF:: Room in 4br condo incl utils, internet, cable TV, pool. Very Nice $375 283-8777 mw8 Gainesville-Rooms-4-Rent.com 4-2209-68-1 The Crossing at Santa Fe $484 -$509 Gets you all this! Furnished, Free Ethernet, Free Cable & Utilities, W/D, Events, Roommate Matching! 379-9300 4-22-72-1 PICK YOUR SPECIAL IT'S THAT EASY! Pick-A-Pair:Wii, Xbox 360, iP00 teach, Cash, Creise for 2 OR BRAND NEW SCOOTER RENT FROM $459 Groups of 3+ also receive 42" TV or New Furniture www.LexingtonCrossingUF.com SIGN NOW! 352-373-9009 4-22-72-1 We Have your roommates! We DON'T have fees. NOW PET FRIENDLY! Limited time only: $0 Deposit/$O Fees, and ask how to get your lease FREE! $ign now and pay $0 fees. Nicely furnished 2/1 or 4/2 condos renting by the bedroom starting at only $439 all inclusive. Furniture,cable,pest controlrefuse & W/D all included.GYM,PC LAB, POOL/SPA, AND MORE!! Hurry will not last at these rates. $ave $500!!! 352-377-6700 www.Ucommonscondos.com 4-22-72-1 I HOT 2/2 AND 3/3 RENT SPECIALS BEST SPECIALS IN TOWN Fully Furnished and All Inclusive Free Roommate Matching 2 Bed/ 2Bath for ONLY $549 3 Bed/ 3 Bath for ONLY $459 Only $99 signing fees www.LexingtonCrossingUF.com 373-9009 4-22-72-1 $487 Roommate Match! Free $1100 Scooter! 1 Month Free! *CASH BACK! No Signing Fees! Luxury 2's & 3's! W/D Included *All Inclusive 2/2's-$588/rm; 3/3's $487/rm FREE Roommate Match, Cable, Int HUGE walk-in closets, porches. FREE Tanning, Gym, Comp. lab. 2 Miles from UF on bus route. HiddenLakeUF.com 374-3866 4-22-72-1 **LAMANCHA CONDOS** Walk to Campus 4Br/1 5Ba Includes elect, cable tv, & high speed internet $350/mo 352-278-9347, www.lamanchacondos com 5-14-56-1 2-Story Townhouse for Fall Rent an entire 4BR or use Free Roommate Matching. ONLY 10 Steps to UF $479-$504/ month* All-Inclusive Rent Fully-furnished _ww.TheCourtyards.net 352-372-3557 4-22-60-1 3BR/3BA avail now in 4BR/4BA Countryside condo. $435/mo/room. Direct bus to UF 3 mi. Bball, pool, exercise room, nicely furn. 3rd FIr. W/D, wireless. Flo 352-357-9656, Sebastian 352-874-8905 4-22-09-59-1 2 BLOCKS TO UF--$349/MO Everything Incl + Fully Furn! Call Drew, 352-275-8555 4-22-34-1 2/2 FURNISHED Apt. 1250 sq.ft., Patio, Tile dining room, Dishwasher, Microwave, Big Bedrooms. Close to campus and major bus routes.Nice, Big, Great Price!!! Move in as early as May 1. Multiple Lease Options Starting from $650/mo. For more info email Brad: bradleysharkey@gmail.com 4-6-15-1 Serious Student Wanted! Beautiful 3br/3b condo, Wash/Dryer, Gym, Pool, HotTub,Free Internet & Cable. Avail Summer/Fall $425/mo + utilities. Call 941-323-0778. 4-21-24-1 Arlington Square -2b/2baLuxury Townhouse Historical Downtown, Clean, Avail Immediate move-in, Call Sean 239410-1603 5-21-09-25-1 Individual BR w/ full bath & walk-in closet in 4BR Countryside Util, DSL, cable, W/D, 52 inch TV, year lease from 8/09. $400/mo 352281-4588 4-8-09-10-1 Individual leases 2 bedrooms + bathroom in a 4/2 furnished condo, $450 month includes util, cable, internet, washer/dryer, pool, bus route 9 & 35, 1 mi to UF, (904)349-7980 sjchambers@comcast.net 4-3-09-5-1 2/2 CAMPUS LODGE APT: MAY-AUGUST $500 a month (negotiable)includes utilities high vaulted ceilings, painted, huge pool FREE tanning, cable & internet, 24 hr gym contact carly: csande22@ufl.edu 4-9-097-1 $955/molight/roomy, furnished 3BR-1.5B house 3mi from UF near NW 8 Ave on bus rte.#43, hardwood/tile, W/D, big fenced yard, 222-4020 5-12-0917-1 Large 3/2 house Rural north Marion County On private horse farm. Available 5/i for 8 months or longer. References reqained $1300/mo + utils. Call Kevin at 352-5918586 4-7-09-5-1 $390/mo top floor corner unit (4/4); Balcony with lake view. Fully furnished incl. posturepedic bed, washer/drier, cable, internet, kitchen appliances, utilities covered; trustworthy roommates. Available May 1st. Bus routes 9, 34, 36. Contact: (954)695-0683 4-7-4-1 Female only university club apts on 3 bus rts. Less than 2miles from uf, $340/month for summer lease can renew aug. price reduced from $540. Largest student layout in town w/ tile floors. All inclusive including w/d, all amenities. 1/1 in 4/4 904-248-0985 4-8-09-5-1 $385-4/4 University Terrace Condo; available immediately. Free internet, cable, and utilities' On bus routes 12 and 35 Minutes to UF campus and shopping on SW 34th St Call 352-514-3398 4-22-15-1 $385-4/4 Countryside Condo; available starting summer or fall. Free internet, cable, and utilities! On bus routes 9 and 35, very close to UF campus on SW 23rd St. Call 352-5143398. 4-22-15-1 Need roommate to share 3/2 5 townhouse $600 a month, includes everything Fully furnished, 1 5 miles to UF. Two bus routes to UF and one to Santa Fe. Call 772-633-6687 4-16-09-10-1 MUST SEE! Female roommates preferred in beautiful 3BR/3BA condo minutes from UF campus and 8 min from Santa Fe. HS internet, pool, fully furnished, close to bus stop, must sign year lease. ALL UTILITIES INC! Avail May 1st! $550/mo. Talia 305-304-1703 4-9-09-5-1 For Rent F unfurnished OQUIET, CLEAN, LOTS of GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1 BR apt. $375/mo. S1BR cottage $435/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-22-08-72-2 UPSCALE 2/2 ACROSS FROM UF! From $599 per person $0 MOVE IN FEES Pet Friendly! W/D and Free Parking 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-08-72-2 *LYONS SPECIAL* $99 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-22-08-72-2 1, 2 & 3 BR -LEASING FOR NOW & AUG! 1 IBR $614 2 BR $679 3 BR $889 HUGE floor plans! Pets Loved! Bus stop Pools Green courtyards Open 7 days/wk 335-7275 4-22-08-72-2 Terrific Tmo Bedrooms For Fal W/G'hage walk-in closets'park free Downtown location -Close to UF Steps from everywhere you want to be! Sign now, don't miss out -the best location! No tees & get $350 cash back! 338-0002 4-22-72-2 Apartments off SW 20th Ave. Close to shopping, bus line and a few miles from UF. Price range $445 to $665. Includes water, sewer, garbage and pest control. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066 Mon-Fri. 4-22-0872-2 AFFORDABLE & QUIET MOVE IN TODAY OR AUGUST! 1 IBR $525 2 BR $600 Quiet Pools Bus stop Walk/Bike to UF & Shands Pets Loved 372-7555 4-22-08-72-2 Deluxe, Large 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 Iv message 4-22-08-72-2 Affordable, Spacious, Comfortable 2br: $740; 3br: $799 1 month free & avail. NOW Close to UF, Oaks Mall, Butler Plaza pinetreegardens.com*376-4002 4-22-72-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 second walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $595up. 352-538-2181. Lv msg 4-22-08-72-2 How To Place A Classified Ad: In Person: Cash, Check, MC, or Visa The Alligator Office 1105 W. University Ave. M-F, 8am -4pm Online: w/ Visa or Mastercard www.alligator.org/classified By Email: classifieds@alligator.org By Mail: Use forms appearing weekly in The Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, Visa or checks only. By Phone: (352) 373-FIND Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. M-F, 8am -4pm By Fax: (352) 376-4556 When Will Your Ad Run? Ads placed by 4 pm will appear two publication days later. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds or credits for cancelled ads. Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M-F, 8am -4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THEALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first day will not be further compensated. Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NOON for the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. 1 For Rent: Furnished 6 Furnishings 11 Motorcycles, Mopeds 16 Health Services 21 Entertainment 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 7 Computers 12 Autos 17 Typing Services 22 Tickets 3 Sublease 8 Electronics 13 Wanted 18 Personals 23 Rides 4 Roommates 9 Bicycles 14 Help Wanted 19 Connections 24 Pets 5 Real Estate 10 For Sale 15 Services 20 Event Notices 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national ongin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on anr equal opportunity basis. -All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment barringg legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, famal status, age, or any other*covered status -This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss ansing from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as "personal" or "connections" whether or not they actually appear under those classifications We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincesty of the advertiser before giving out personal information -Although this newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot vefy that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss easing from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein 

PAGE 15

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 15 For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent F nfurnished unfurnished l unfurnished unfurnished l unfurnished No deposit, No move-in fees!!! Huge 1/1's 2/2's 3/3's <1 mi from UF! Giant 24hr gym FREE tanning/FREE cable *Oxford Manor* (352) 377-2777 These apts kick other apts in the teeth 4-22-72-2 *@@PARKING*** Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-22-08-72-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 12-11-171-2 gw d Monteocha aptist Church Reformed & Evangelical Sunday Worship 11 am & 6pm 9420 North County Road 225 monteochabaptist.org 377-4446 Campus Bible Study TH 1 2:45 @ BCM, 1604 W. Univ. Ave. 11, Victory Church An upbeat church with focus on college life. Victory UF in Turlington Thurs/Fri 1 2-2pm. Friday Night Live variety show @ 8pm. Sunday Service @ 10:30am. Call for a ride. 352-371 -7800 victorychurch.us ,k mp M, New Life Community Chapel New Life Community Chapel Westside Park Rec. Center Sundays at 1 0:30 AM www.newlifecommunitychapel. org Phone: (352) 214-4462 Episcopal Chapel House Chapel of Incarnation www.ufchapelhouse.com 2 weekly communion services, lovely garden, sweet fellowship, holy fun! 352-372-8506 HOUSES ACROSS FROM UF 3 BLOCKS TO CAMPUS 2-5 BEDROOM AVAIL FALL AS LOW AS $450/person 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-08-72-2 Now you can easily submit your classified ad for print and/or web editions right thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. MUSEUM WALK Gainesville's Best Kept Secret Leasing for Fall & NOW! Luxury 2/2 THs and 3/3 Flats FREE Cable, FREE Tanning, FREE Alarms Walk to UF *379-WALK 4-22-72-2 Are you bored? Cobblestone is offering: a free half month's rent AND a 42" flat screen TV on our 3/3 townhome fall leases! a free FULL month's rent AND painted accent walls on our 2/2 townhome fall leases! Now there's something to keep you occupied! Call 352-377-2801 or stop by! 4-22-72-2 7, University Lutheran Church & Campus Ministry 1 826 W University Ave. Student Bible Study -Wed. 5:30 Worship 10:25 am Sundays Chabad Lubavitch Jewish Student Center -Your home away from home. -Friday Night Live! -Services & Shabbat Dinner. -7:30pm Spring Semester -352-336-5877; 2021 NW 5th Ave. -(5 blocks north of the stadium) -www.JewishGator.com Grace United Methodist Church Sunday Bible Study 9:30am Sunday Worship 9:00 & 10:45 9325 W. Newberry Rd. 352-332-8770 gracefl.org www.facebook.di/passport First United Methodist Traditional Sunday Worship 8:25am and 10:55am. All Ages Sunday School Groups 9:45am. Wednesday Dinner ($2 Students) and Classes -5:30Southwest United Methodist Church Open and inclusive, family away from home, Informal Traditional Worship, Classes and activities will be planned using student input. Sunday worship 10:45am 2400 SW Williston Rd 352-378-4931 University City Church of Christ Gators for Christ campus ministry -college group meets at University City church on Sundays at 9:30am and Wednesdays at 7pm -practical application from God's word, plus service projects, large group events, free meals, and much more. (directions and events calendar at www.gatorsforchrist.org) Faith Presbyterian Church 1 OAm Worship 9Am Sunday School 5916 NW 39th Avenue Gainesville Phone: 352-377-5482 www.fpc-gnv.org Presbyterian & Disciples of Christ Student Center Open, affirming and spiritually diverse. Taize worship Sun. at 7pm. $1 Dinners Weds. at 7pm. Theology on tap Tues. Stubbies Pub Downtown 8pm. 1402 University Ave. 376-7539 pdsc.org alligr,,,.a.,tor,. (e "ire THE LAURELS Come see our 1/1, 2/2 & 3/3 townhomes! FREE Cable w/HBO and Showtime All Amenities plus FREE Tanning Gated*Alarms*Pet Friendly *Sign Today, Get 1 MONTH FREE* www.thelaurelsuf.com 352-335-4455 4-22-09-72-2 Going FAST! HUGE 1,2,3 Bed Pet Friendly LOW Rates! *W/D in each unit! Waived Move-in Fees! FREE Cable One Month FREE! 372-8100 4-22-72-2 THREE BLOCKS TO UF! 2br/1 ba from $700 No Move-in Fees! Water included Wood floors avail! Pets loved! FREE Parking! 372-7111 4-22-08-72-2 ATTENTION GRAD STUDENTS! Want a sweet deal? Receive 1 month free rent No move-in fees! Call today! 352-373-1111 www.spanishtrace.org *Proof of Graduate enrollment required! 4-22-09-72-2 ONE MILE TO UF Available for Immediate and Fall 1/1 -From $699 2/2 -From $805 3/2 -From $999 4/3 -From $1350 AMAZING Specials! (352) 376-2507 www.bivenscove.com 4-22-08-72-2 Move in today & pay $0 Move in Fees 1/1 from $649; 2/2 from $699; 3/2 from $852 W/D Available (352) 377-7401 www.biketouf.com 4-22-09-72-2 4P LOS Three Pools! Three Bus Routes! Two Jacuzzis! Business Center! Billards Room! Fitness Center w/ Free weights! Sand Volleyball! Tennis Courts! Basketball Courts! Close to UF, Shands, 1-75, & Shopping! 1, 2 & 3 Bedrooms for NOW & Fall!!! GREAT SPECALS!! 1/1-$734 2/2-$425w/all uti 3/3-$340w/all util 2330 SW Williston Rd. www.ThePolosUF.com 352-335-7656 4-22-72-2 ALL THE SPACE YOU NEED! At the price you want No Move-in Fees! Move in TODAY! 1, 1 w/den & 2 BRs -Reduced Rates! FREE UF parking FREE Gym Pets Welcome *352-332-7401 4-22-72-2 YOUR MOM. .wants you to live here! AMAZING DEALS! 1, 2, & 3 bdrms, W/D Gated, Pet friendly, Immediate Move-in Specials (352)372-0400 4-22-72-2 Affordable, Quiet, Comfortable 1's from $550 2's from $375/person Close to UF, Shands, Butler Plaza Pet Friendly 376-1248 www.hiddenvillageapt.com 4-22-08-72-2 AS BIG AS A HOUSE! Huge 4BR TH W/D inc. FREE UF Parking*FREE Gym Call for specials 332-7401 4-22-72-2 7:30pm 419 NE 1st St. www.fumcgnv.org (352) 372-8523 For more information, contact Shaun O'Connor, Alligator Advertising, at 376.4482. Custom 1 Beds NOW! LOW Rates! Wood floors! Waived Move-in Fees*Tanning! We Love Pets! W/D in unit! HUGE walk-in Closets! 372-8100 4-22-09-72-2 LOVE GOING OUT? Luxury 3/3TH Perfectly Located Downtown! 1 month free for fall & no move-in fees from $500/person! W/D*Free Parking*Pets Welcome Live where you play!! 338-0002 www.arlingtonsquare.org 4-22-72-2 LAKEWOOD VILLAS Large 1, 2 & 3 bdrm Floor Plans; Starting at $695 Furniture Packages Inc. Washer/Dryer; Workout Rm, Tennis Court; Swimming Pool; Sauna etc. Mon-Fri 9-6, Sat 10-3 700 SW 62nd Blvd 877-781-8314 www.lakewoodvilllas.com text (lakewood)@65586 4-22-08-72-2 SPYGLASS 0 Individual Leases: Furniture Packages Inc Washer/Dryer, FREE Hispeed Internet; Rates start at $485 Every Unit is an End Unit Mon-Fri 10-5:30, Sat 11-2 701 SW 62nd Blvd 888-267-5078 www.spyglassapts.com text (spyglass)@65586 4-22-08-72-2 ACROSS FROM UF! No Move-in Fees! Pets loved. Studios -$549, includes electric! Wood floors available. FREE parking. 372-7111 Collegemanor.org 4-22-08-72-2 HUGE Luxury 2's & 3's Luxury 3's from $397 a Room! Ask how to get a FREE $1100 Scooter. FREE Cable, Internet, Tanning, W/D. Luxury 2/2's from $490/rm; 3/3's $397/rm All Inclusive 2/2's-$588/rm; 3/3's $487/rm Sparkling Pool with Water Fall Only 2 Miles from UF on bus route. HiddenLakeUF.com 374-3866 4-22-08-72-2 2 BLOCKS TO UF! 2/1 and 2/2 FROM $380-$599 per person $0 MOVE IN FEES 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-08-72-2 Walk to Class! 1brs from $599 -150 ft from UF! $0 move-in fees! Move-in Today! FREE parking! Pets Welcome! 372-7111 CollegeManor.org 4-22-08-72-2 GREAT ODIN'S RAVEN: Our 4/4's are classy!! SIGN TODAY and get $720 off your lease!! Rates starting at $509!! CALL: 352.271.3131 GainesvillePlace.com 4-22-72-2 Action Real Estate Services Houses to Condos 1-4 BR, Starting at $450 www.action-realtors.com 352-331-1133 4-22-08-72-2 *Fully Furnished*All Inclusive* Free Scooter for each roommate* *Brand New* Gated*Upscale 1br-4br* *4 Bus Routes*W/D *24hr Fitness center* *Beach-Entry Pool*Free Tanning* Pet-Friendly* EnclaveUF.com*352.376.0696 4-22-08-72-2 

PAGE 16

16, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3,2009 For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent nfurnished unfurnished l unfurnished unfurnished l unfurnished Now you can easily submit your classified ad for print and/or web editions right thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. 2 bed luxury condos for rent. Granite tops, tall ceilings, private balcony, super quiet construction. $1600/mo. Call Eric Wild at 352-870-9453 4-22-72-2 *2-3BR/2BA APT IN HISTORIC HOUSE* 10 blocks to UF. Near downtown. High ceiling, wood floor, W/D, tons of character. 404 SW 2nd St. $700/mo 352-214-9270 4-2209-72-2 WALK TO UF -AVAILABLE NOW & FALL 1 BR/$495 to $550/mo 2BR & 3BR $560 to $1050/mo Gore Rabell Real Estate 378-1387 Gore-Rabell.com 4-22-08-72-2 SUN ISLAND 1BRs from $575 2BRs from $655 Sun Bay s Sun Key s Sun Harbor 352-376-6720 sunisland.info Lower deposit for grad students! 4-22-08-72-2 1s, 2s, 3, & 4s for Fall Prices from $305 -$629/bedroom Select units are townhomes & include w/d Pet friendly, Pool, Tennis/Bball Courts Close to UF, Oaks Mall, Butler Plaza Pinetreegardens.com*376-4002 4-22-08-72-2 100+ Apts: Walk to UF Roommate Matching 4BR $479/br 3BR $599/br 2BR $420/br 1 BR $689 Studio $625 *Photos & Virtual Tours 352-376-6223 www.ForRentNEarUF.com 4-22-72-2 *1 Bdrm1BA w/ Loft* 4 Blocks to UF. Cent AC, No Tow Parking, Pet Friendly, $850/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-68-2 NO FEES and One Month Free! On Bivens Arm Nature Preserve Inclusive 2's, 3's, and 4's MASSIVE Townhomes! W/D and Jumbo Microwaves in Every Unit Free Water, Cable, Tanning, Alarms, Pool 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Great Bus Route! 2 Miles to UF 4-22-63-2 ----LOFT---Huge 2-story 1BR/1BA Loft behind Swamp Walk to UF and Library West* 352-376-6223 www.Gainesville-Apartments.com 4-22-59-2 ACROSS FROM UF! Studios and 1 BR as low as $599 $0 MOVE IN FEES Open late and weekends 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-09-59-2 ** Across From UF ** $1150/mo Special! 2br/2ba Limited Time Offer for Fall Luxury Apts w/ Internet & Parking Ind. www.LookingGlassApartments.com 111 NW 16th St. -Call 376-1111 4-22-09-59-2 One month FREE! Zero move-in cost! 1 & 2 BR Villas from $485 Close to Oaks Mall and Archer Road. Pine Rush Villas 375-1519 4-22-09-59-2 One month FREE! Zero move-in cost! 2 BR with bonus room from $604 Two blocks south of Archer Rd. & 34th St Homestead Apts. 376-0828 4-22-09-59-2 One month FREE! Zero move-in cost! HUGE 2 & 3 BRs from $695 Close to Oaks Mall & Newberry Rd. Ashton Square Villas 333-1120 4-22-09-59-2 Downtown Luxury & Cash Back 4 Fall! Sign now for studios, 1/1, 2/2, 3/3s! Perfect Location-Great Price-No Move-in Fees W/D*Wood Floors*Bring Your Pets! Great parking-walk to bars-bike to UF Reserve now! 338-0002 4-22-09-53-2 Bivens Cove is everything you're looking for. Close to UF and downtown! Two pools! Free tanning! Pet Friendly!!! 1, 2, and 3 bedrooms ready right NOW! Move in today & get One Month FREE plus $0 move in fees. www.bivenscove.com 352-376-2507 4-22-58-2 *CAMPUS EDGE $1000* 2/2 Walk to UF, Shands & VA. Tile floor, W/D in unit. Avail fall. 239-250-6149 4-15-09-372 *Live on UF Lake* Huge 2/2 with Den -3/2 Fully Remodeled $1275/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-53-2 2/1.5 Newly Renovated Townhouse. Avail Now or Fall 09. Close to Shands, Park N Ride 2, & Shopping. Ind W/D, A/C, Pvt Patio, & Pool. $745/mth & $500 Dep. No Pets PIs. 772-538-5792 orltsao12@hotmail.com 4-709-40-2 Very Nice Mother-in Law Suite Near Haile 1BR, living room, kitchen, dining room, full bath, W/D, cable, utilities all included. $750/ mo. 367-0372 4-10-09-42-2 Luxury Apts @ UF Brand New Apts w/in 2 Blks of UF Classes W/D, Granite countertops, Walk-In Closets, Free Roommate Finder Svc. From $599/br www.SororityRowApts.com 352-376-6223 4-22-50-2 1BR apt. w/pvt gated courtyard located in small proffesional complex @ 3320 SW 23d St. Single, mature applicants only. $550.00/ mo small pets ok @ $25.00/mo 352 3772150 Please leave a msg. 4-3-09-36-2 3BR & 4BR/2BA HOUSES Hardwood floors, fireplace, new baths, screened patio, big yard, carport, storage shed. Minutes to UF, on bus route, $1400$1500/mo First, last security. 954-899-7197 4-3-09-35-2 BLOCK FROM UF Avail 8/1. Houses -single family & attached. Apts. Rent directly from owners. No middle agent. Flex terms. 352-377-3852, 359-3341, 359-5584, www.dalyproperties.com 5-2809-51-2 www.10houses.com 2 & 3 bd houses for August cute,cent H/AC, WD,wood fls quiet areas, yards $650-$1260 352-336-6116 nancy@10houses.com 5-12-09-43-2 WE HAVE IT ALL! GIVE US A CALL! Union Properties 352.373.7578 Walk to UF from our many properties! 1,2,3 and 4 Bedrooms www.rentgainesville.com 4-22-09-44-2 CAMPUS VIEW PLACE IS THE BEST! Forget the Rest and call us today! Brand New! Located off of SW 13th St. Union Properties 352.373.7578 www.campusviewplace.com 4-22-09-44-2 ONE YEAR TUITION AT UF -$22,000 Textbooks & Supplies -$2,000 Calling Union Properties for your new apt. PRICELESS! Call -352.373.7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-22-09-44-2 Finding it hard to choose your next rental? No Worries, We Can Help! Rentals going fast near UF so call today! Union Properties 352.373.7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-22-09-44-2 2BR/2.5BA townhouse condo, 1 mi from UF. On bus route. Ind W/D. Community clubhouse, pool & fitness center. Wired for internet & security system. $895/mo 332-8841, lindalu@gatorhomes.com 4-7-09-30-2 STEPS TO UF! 3 AND 4 BR from $510 per person $0 MOVE IN FEES Pet Friendly! W/D Available 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-09-41-2 NEAR UF 4BR/3BA HOUSE, wd firs, W/D, cent A/C, 3514 NW 7th Pl. Avail for Aug. Manny 352-317-4408 4-16-09-36-2 DOWNTOWN GAINESVILLE Union Street Stn above Starbucks 2BR/2.5BA den/study, bambo firs, granite counters, upgraded kitchen. Avail Aug. 352-317-4408 4-16-09-36-2 NEAR UF 4BR/2BA 610 NW 34 Terrace. Available for August. Manny 352-317-4408 4-16-09-36-2 Very Nice Townhouse 3/3 in Rockwood Villas Only $375/room or $1125/month Large BRs & large closets Quiet area. Great for Pro. students 941-737-6997 3-11-14-2 Quiet, Clean, Lots of Green Space 2BR/1BA house. $650/mo. Call 352-3789220 or mobile 213-3901 4-22-09-40-2 3BD/3BA LUXURY CONDO, 2 YRS OLD Campus View North Steps from campus & sorority row. All appliances, W/D, tile floors, alarm system, 1st floor, patio/porch, dogs ok w/dep. Avail. Aug 1, $1800 407-694-0692 4-3-30-2 $1,600!! HUGE & Beautiful 2 story 4bd/3.5 bath home off of NW 39th Ave! All lawn care paid, pets OK, rent to own option at $229,900 available. Call Dana Fults at 352.318.0686 to see today! $1,600!! 4-6-20-2 **LUXURIOUS 1800 SQ FT HOME** SECLUDED, UPSCALE NEAR UF. 3/2, SUN ROOM, COVERED PATIO W/D. $1400/MO PERFECT FOR GRAD. AVAIL AUG. 1607 NW 12 RD 352-466-4171 LV MSG 4-15-0924-2 $525/mo Very spacious 1BR apt. Living room, fully furnished kitchen, large BR, carpeted, full BA. Private, gated patio. Cats allowed. Avail 4/1. 1807 A NW 10th St. Call 376-0080 4-9-09-20-2 ***POOL HOME NEAR CAMPUS*** 1500SQ FT. 3/2 WOOD FLOORS, W/D, HUGE PATIO & SCREEN PORCH OVERLOOK POOL. $1600/MO AVAIL AUG. 1325 NW 10th Ave. 352-466-4171 LV MSG 4-15-09-24-2 1BR/1BA NEXT TO UF CAMPUS W/D incl in unit. Small pet ok. Pool/exercise room. $800/mo 352-378-5801 x5 4-9-0920-2 HISTORIC HOMES 1-3BR apts + 2 houses 923 SE 4th St, 18 NE 10th St. High ceilings, porch, wood floors. $500-$1100/mo. No dogs. 1st, last, sec. Call 378-3704, sallygville@aol.com 5-12-09-342 Walk to UF. Avail in May. 2BD 2.5BTH: central ac/heat, laundry, full kit $1000. 2BD 1BTH: wall ac/heat, water incl $750. 1BD 1BTH: wall ac/heat, water incl $580. 1 yr lease, SD, and NS. Contact 352-870-7256 or gv1132601@gmail.com 4-22-09-26-2 *2/1 Apt, 8 Blocks to UF* Tiled Throughout Pet Friendly $700/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-26-2 *2/1 Apt. 3 Blocks to UF* HW Floors, Large Rooms Pet Friendly $850/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-26-2 *2/1 Apt-HW Firs-UF 4BIks* Newly Remodeled, W/D hookups Pet Friendly, $1200/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-26-2 4/2 Close to campus, 3962 West Univ. Ave. liv, din,& family rms. Fireplace, all appliances, cent. Heat & Air, washer/dryer. Hot tub. Available August 1. $1475 call 333-9874 4-14-09-20-2 Summer Rates + July Free on 15 mo lease. Sun Island 376-6720 sunislandinfo 4-2209-26-2 2br/2.5 ba townhouse for rent! $750.00 a month. First month free!! Pet friendly! W&D included! Close to UF and Santa Fe. Bus stop in front of neighborhood. Call (727)-2434688 or (813)-833-3495. 4-8-09-15-2 2BR/1.5 BA townhouse w W/D. $750/month. Some utilities included. Two blocks south of Archer Rd. & 34th St. Rent directly from owners. No middle agent. 786-399-4592 for appt. 4-7-09-14-2 BIKE TO UF! HUGE luxury 2006 2bd/2ba condo for rent, 1.5 mi. from campus. Vaulted ceilings, slated balcony, W/D, walk-in closets & more. 1,410 sqft! Avail. May 2009. $1,100/ mo. 359-1112 or katewallis83@yahoo.com 5-26-09-30-2 1 & 2BR/1BA W/D. Tile throughout, front gated patio. Pet friendly. From $689/mo. Call 352-377-1633. www.lenoxcorner.com 4-22-25-2 PET'S PARADISE $375 -$650. No app or pet fee. 1 & 2BR, privacy fenced. SW. 352-331-2099 4-1609-20-2 LARGE 4BR HOUSE, 2 blocks to UF/Sorority Row area. Ample parking. Totally remodeled. Cent AC/Ht., wood floors, dishwasher, icemaker, W/D, 1BA. Pets ok. $1740. Avail Aug 16th -1 year. 665-8166 5-26-09-30-2 2BR HOUSE, 3 blocks to UF/Sorority Row area. Central AC/Ht, wood floors, parking, fenced yard. Pets ok. $880. Avail Aug 16th -1 year. 665-8166 5-26-09-30-2 NW 1br minutes from UF, dwntwn, Shands,cent air/heat, deck, w/d hkps, some util incld $495 Edbaurmanagement.com -1731 NW 6th St 375-7104 4-16-09-20-2 CLOSE TO UF 2BR/1BA duplex hdwd firs, yard, W/D, pet ok $825/mo 1010 NW 3 Ave 2BR/1BA home, parking, W/D, yard, pet ok $975/mo 618 NW 14 Ave 1.5BR/1BA, yard W/D hk-up. pet ok $595 608 NW 24 Ave Avail 8/1/09. 561-350-1552, 561-703-8490 4-22-09-21-2 2BR/1BA Central heat, mobile home from $375-$450/mo, incl water. No pets. 4546 NW 132th Street. 376-5887 4-22-23-2 Available Now or Fall: Cute & Clean Vintage 4bd/2.5ba behind Applebee's. Bike to UF! Wd firs, CH/AC, W/D, fans, blinds. Huge rooms! 907 NW 11th Ave $1760/mo Others avail! www.cozygator.com 352-338-7670 4-6-09-10-2 Available Fall: Several Cute & Clean 2 & 3 BR homes near UF. Some wood floors, all with CH/AC, W/D, fans, blinds, & lawn upkeep. Rent @ $850-$1350/mo. Others available! www.cozygator.com, 352-338-7670 4-6-09-10-2 Available Fall: Several Cute & Clean Studio & 1-BR vintage apts. near UF & downtown. All have wood firs, fans, & blinds. Pets possible. Rent from $595-$750/mo. Others available! www.cozygator.com. 352-338-7670 4-6-09-10-2 HAILEY GARDENS 2335 SW 22nd, Newer 2 Bedroom, 2.5 Bath, Bike to Vet school/ Shands/UF. 904-501-5100 $900 6-30-0933-2 Home for rent in NW Gville $1200 month 3 bed, 2 bath, 2 car garage fire place, big backyard, pet friendly Off NW 39 Ave & 13 St. Avail starting Sum/Fall 262-2933 Meli41082@aol.com 4-13-09-15-2 MOVE-IN SPECIAL-NO DEPOSIT!! SPACIOUS 3bd/2ba from $750/mo and 2bd/1.5ba from $675/mo. 2 mi to campus. On bus route. W/D hookups avail. Tile flooring option. Community Pool and Lush Green Space. Call 352.373.4423 or email GranadaApts@CrescentMgmtCo.com. 6-4-09-30-2 Summit House 1 BR/1 BA Available Now 574 Sq Ft Near Shands & VA $605 per mo. $250 security. Pis. call 352-672-1482 7-209-35-2 3BDR/2BA Creekside home w/fireplace; H/A. Lg fenced yd. Pets ok. New carpet/vinyl. 18 mi to UF or SFC. Non-smoking. 895 lst/last/dep 1st mo free 352-336-3566. manIover@belIsouth.net 4-3-09-8-2 2br/2ba condo at Nantucket Walk. close to UF. private balconycomes with couch, bar stools, washer/dryer, parking space, etc. $1400/mo. email carab@ufl.edu or call 2566981203 4-7-09-10-2 3311 NW 30th Ave (4/2) $1200 600 NW 54th Ter (3/2) $1200 520 NW 52nd Ter (3/2) $1100 3700 NW 12th Ave (4/2) $1300 Email: SBR@Jacksonllc.com Call: 352-316-1893 for appt. 4-22-09-22-2 3 Bd/ 2 ba quiet upstairs condo in Creeks Edge. Recent remodel washer & dryer, central a/c, minutes to campus on busline, incl cable & internet. Avail Sept. $1500 furnished or $1400 unfurnished 727-410-3617 6-909-30-2 5 MINUTES TO UF 3/2. Excellent condition. Vaulted ceilings, spa bath, 2 car garage. Newer home in area. 3647 NW 7th Place. $1350/mo lease. No smokers. Avail Aug. 352-373-6080 4-1409-15-2 FOXMOOR CONDOMINIUM Remodeled, 2 bed / 1.5 bath townhouse w/ W/D, DSL, pool. Next to Hilton UF/SW Rec Facility/UF & City bus lines. $750/mo. + util. Non-smokers only. Available summer/fall. 352-359-6292. 4-309-7-2 Awesome 3 bed 2 bath house w/ large bedrooms, living and family room, built in bar, fenced yard, screened porch, hardwood floors and more. 527 NW 35th Terrace. $1600/mo. Avail Aug 1. Call 352-870-9453. 5-26-25-2 Large 1BR/1BA Cottage. Pasture for 1 horse. Very quiet. 5 mi to UF. $400/mo 372-0507 4-8-09-10-2 NW 39 Av fancy 3br/2ba w/loft Ig open bright Costly laminated wd-looking fir in loft. $775790 XL 3/2 loft apt w/new ceramic firs carpet in huge brs $850. Nice 2br/2ba gated patio, trees $630-670 373-8310, 219-3937 4-8-102 *AVAILABLE NOW & FALL* Clean, spacious, efficient homes & apts Bike to UF, Great locations, On bus route Huge fenced in yard, Pet friendly 4/2 and 3/2 HOUSES 2/1 and 1/1 APARTMENTS 3/2.5 CONDO WITH GARAGE $590.00-$1 300.00 Call 352-494-8959 4-22-09-19-2 PRIVATE VIEWS -FENCED YARD DOGGIE DOOR. Cabin & 20 acres, 7 mi south of Newberry -Paddocks, riding trails. $575. Pets welcome. 330-329-8834, writer777@att.net 4-3-6-2 2BR/2BA Luxury Town Hse,1600SF 2STY 4941 NW 1 PL near UF in Mills Pond area REF,W&D, DW, Pool, Tennis, RC, $950/MO Unfurno utilno pets,avail 8-15-09 Call 954928-1507 or 954-895-8438 4-7-09-7-2 

PAGE 17

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 17 For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent O F nfurnishe~dj unfurnished ]a l unfurnished unfurnished ]abll ~ e MEDICAL, DENTAL, NURSING, VET MED STUDENTS: 1 BLOCK FROM YOUR CLASSES & LABS. $600 1 BR, $650 2BR PRIVATE PARKING, POOL, LAUNDRY FACILITIES, SOME UTILS INCLUDED, CATS ALLOWED. CALL FOR APT. (352) 376 0080 OR 352-284-3873 OR POSTJ@BELLSOUTH.NET 6-18-09-30-2 *2BR/2.5BA Townhouse condo near UF. 2 Master BRs w/ own BA, Ideal for 2 to share. Wired for inet + sec sys, W/D hk-up, appliances, comm pool, 1st & sec dep req. $950/ mo 954-805-7827 dennismiller@tycoint.com 4-16-09-14-2 3/2 avail now & fall, 1015 NE 5th pl, gar. fenced yrd, cent a/c pets ok-$995 for fall, special summer rate avail. Edbaurmanagement.com 731 NW 6th St-375-7104 4-22-09-17-2 avail august, 1022 SW 4th ave, 3/3-$1500, 4/4-$2000, cent a/c, w/d hkups, off st. pking. Edbaurmanagement.com 1731 NW 6th St-375-7104 4-22-09-17-2 3BR/2BA TOWNHOUSE 2 BLOCKS TO UF/sorority row. Central Heat/AC, plenty of parking, DW, W/D. Avail Aug 16th -1 year. $1491. 665-8166 5-26-09-22-2 NW 2br/2ba renovated home on shaded lot, wd firs, cent heat/air, some utilities, minutes to UF/shopping $795 Edbaurmanagement.com-1731 NW 6th ST375-7104 4-22-09-16-2 r *6 1e NW 2br cottage near dwntwn, cer tile, cent heat/air, avail now small pet ok$685 Edbaurmanagement.com-1731 NW 6th ST375-7104 4-22-09-16-2 3300 NW 30 Ave 3 BR/ 2 BA. Tile floors, fenced yard, carport. 3 miles to UF, 10 min to SFC. Quiet neighborhood. $1200/mo & sec dep. Avail 5/15. (352) 219-3266 4-14-09-10-2 Awesome 3/2 for rent 1123 NW 14th Ave. available now, $1200 month for the summer. 352.494.4686 4-9-09-7-2 LUXURY CONDO 2/3, SCRN'D LENAI BLINDS IN QUIET DEVLPMT. W/D % TV INCLD. BIKE/BUS TO UF. DEP $1150 RENT$1150. NATASHA KING/ARSENIO CALLE 321-438-7717/ 407-497-9024 4-909-7-2 MIKE'S HOUSES 3BR/2BA -Close to UF. $1200 to $1250/mo. Avail Aug 1st. 352-665-7316 Pets allowed. 4-14-09-10-2 2BR 1 BA Apts $650/Mo 5 Blks to UF, Central H &Air Laundry Fac. Carpet, Pets Allo 829 Sw 5th Avenue Call Merrill Management Inc. 352-372-1494 4-15-11-2 1 BR 1 BA Near Sams Club! $40 Window A/C, Tile Floor, Laundr Facilities on site. 2901 NW 14th First and Last Months rent requ Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 4-15-11-2 e -e e e S "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content e Available from Commercial News Provi SI I I Sf I wed. 2BR 1 BA Off NW 6th St. Window A/C, Nat gas ht Carpet 750 sq. ft. $600/Mo 510 NW 28th Avenue Call Merril Management Inc 352-372-1494 4-15-11-2 1BR 1BA Apt $540/Mo 1BLK TO UF, Central H &Air Carpet, Laundry Facilities 1236 Sw 4th Avenue Avail for Fall. Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 4-15-11-2 2160 sq ft 4BR/3BA home, large 1/2 acre lot near UF & Glenn Springs Elem. Deck on rear of house, exquisite trees, fenced in back yard. Minutes from everything. 312ONW 31st Blvd. $1600/mo. 352-466-0358 4-22-0916-2 01 BLOCK TO UF 1BR/1BA $650.1112 SW 4th Ave S 2BR/1BA $575/mo. 501 NW 15th Ave #3. Call Michael 331-2100 4-22-16-2 1/1, Ridgeview, free water, next to park, on the bus line, cent H/A, courtyard, 2 miles to UF, convenient to shopping, no smoking, no pets. $470 SD, $470/mo 562-2824 4-7-095-2 We have REAL 1/1s Available Now and Fall 3 blocks to UF -GATORNEST 0/M 300 NW 18 St-Large, 575 sq ft only $649! y S.4 blocks to UFGATORSIDE St. 1600 NW 4 Ave, 400 sq ft on ly $525 hired. Bike to UF -CENTERPOINT 1220 NW 12 St-530 sq ft big, only $549! No Application Fee, Most Pets OK. For info call E.F.N. Properties, (352) 371-3636 or email Rentals@EFNProperties.com 5-12-09-16-2 WALK TO SCHOOL -Immac 3 BR brick home with Ig. yard Easy walk from UF -1617 NW 7th Pl. Quiet NW family neighborhood. Wd floors, fireplace, cent. heat & air, Ig. Fla. Rm., wash./dryer, dishwasher, ADP security, large trees, azaleas, sprinkler system, 2 driveways, off street parking. $1,650/mo. Call Tom at (352) 215-4990 4-15-09-10-2 2BR/1.5 bath, end unit Casa East SW G-Ville location. W/D, ceiling fans, Screened back porch. Com pool and bus route on-site. Quiet location, close to UF/Shands hospital. Grad students preferred $800.00/month available 8/5/09. 352-246-5958 4-8-09-5-2 3BR/3 bath house with garage and fenced in back yard. Cathedral ceilings, W/D, quiet neighborhood and close to UF/Shands Hospital -Located off Williston Rd. Lawn care and pest control included. $1400/month available 8/5/09. 246-5958. 4-8-5-2 Bike or walk to UF, Shands, or VA, 2/1 avail. ders" 8/1, Summit House Condos, renovated with many extras, nicely decorated, 12 mo. lease, no pets per complex, $800/mo, $200 dep. Call 352-843-0220 to see. 4-22-15-2 $385-4/4 University Terrace Condo; available immediately. Free internet, cable, and utilities! On bus routes 12 and 35; minutes to UF campus and shopping on SW 34th St. Call 352-514-3398 4-22-15-2 **2BD/1BA $595/Mo**BRANDYWINE** <1 mi. to UF, Shands, VA, Shops. Bus #1 & 12. Water incl. No pets. $595 Dep. www.geocities.com/j.stuff@ymail.com jrfong00@yahoo.com or 352.450.0081 msg 4-10-09-6-2 2B/2BA NANTUCKET WALKCONDO $1200/ mo.CLOSE TO CAMPUS includes:covered parkingspace, private balconysofabarstools washer/dryer etc Call(256)698-1203 or carab@ufl.edu 4-9-09-5-2 NW -HOME, 3BR/2BA, 2 car carport, large family room, fenced yard, additional storage, W/D, $980/mo. Irene Larsson Mgmt Svc. 352-373-2605 4-16-10-2 4 Bed 3 Bath, 7 blks to UF Pool & hot tub $2650 352-222-0211 4-9-09-5-2 3BR/2BA, 1,400 sq ft, near Oaks Mall-Tower Rd, all tile floor, excellent condition, fenced yard, Spa in 12 X 40 screened porch, sec alarm. Lawn service, W/D in. No dog, 1,250. 1st/last/dep. Red32607@yahoo.com 4-10-09-6-2 3BD/3BA TOWNHOUSE IN ROCKWOOD VILLAS AVAILABLE MAY. $450/RM PLUS UTIL. SEMI-FURN. CLOSE TO OAKS MALL & ARCHER RD. EMAIL ME AT JENM0587@ UFL.EDU OR CALL 941-705-1623. 4-13-097-2 U -ubkeases DON'T WAIT TO PLACE YOUR SUBLEASE AD Last spring semester paper published on April 22nd. CALL TODAY!! or PLACE YOUR AD AT WWW.ALLIGATOR.ORG Summer Sublease: 1 bedroom / 1 bath in 3/3 townhouse. In a great location. available furnished. Will sacrafice for only $300 a month. Call 954-288-5889 4-10-09-18-3 May-Aug. Windsor Hall. wood floors, ceiling fan, a/c, internet, pool, 2 blks from campus, furnished, suite bath, kitchen, male rmmate $395/mo.incl.util. 904-607-3549 4-13-15-3 SummerSublease Towne ParcApts 1 BR/1 Ba $550/mo OBO Pets ok. Internet & Cable inc. Call Camille @ 8133403168 4-10-14-3 Summer Sublet, large bedroom w/ private bath and walk-in closet in Creeks Edge condo, minutes to campus on busline, incl cable & internet & utilities $500/mo (furn or unfurn) 727-410-3617 4-22-09-21-3 1/1 available in a 4/4 in the Landings by ihop. Room available May-July (lease ends July 31st). $470/month. Willing to negotiate. Room is furnished. Great bus route 13. Call 954-993-8992 for more info. 4-8-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE in TIVOLI. $400 + utils (OBO). Furnished, 1BR/1Ba in 2/2. Females ONLY. VERY Clean, W/D, Walk-InCloset, dishwasher, big room. Pool, exercise rm, fast bus route. Call Linds @ 3212786222 4-3-7-3 2/2 or optional 3/3 at The District on 62nd from 5/1 to 8/21. W/D, Cable, Internet, Utils all included. Monthly rent is $499 per room. Apartment well taken care of. Call Ken at 305-519-8985 for more information. 4-2220-3 Summer Sublease -1BR in 2/1 available May 1st -3 blocks from midtown, walk to campus, 16 NW 20th Dr. $450/month + 1/2 utilities (negotiable). Contact Mike mschwartzseid@ aol.com or 352-514-6114 5-21-09-30-3 SUMMER LEASE3BR/3 Bath avail in 4BR/4 Bath Avail May-Aug, FLEXIBLE Oxford Terrace Condo-Sorority Row Furnished Common Area, on bus route, non-smokers only 407-432-0911 or NYFL@aol.com 4-10-10-3 Summer Sublease @ District 62nd. $495 per month 1/1 w/all utilities, tv, Internet inc. Furnished, W/D in unit, great loc. sublease from May 4-Aug 7. 2 subleases available in same 2/2 (352) 214-5046 4-7-7-3 Furnished room in house with Christian guys very close to Norman Hall, Sorority Row, and bus routes. Rent reduced to $350/ month + utilities. Available May 1-Aug 12 Call Brendan 407-721-1006 or brenbike@ufl.edu. 4-6-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE at THE ESTATES! Furnished poolside apartment for summer A/B/or both. $450/mo, negotiable. Utilities included. Call Laura for more info. (305)439-3264 4-3-3-3 ***Female Sublease 1/1 in a FURNISHED 4/4 at Gainesville Place. $496 a month ALL UTILITIES, Internet, and Fees INCLUDED. Washer/Dryer in unit.Available May 1st-Aug 3rd More Info CALL TYLER 305-360-0710 4-8-09-6-3 1 BR/1 BA Lexington Crossing summer sublease inc. fully furnished kitchen, wash./dry., highspeed internet, cable w/ HBO in 4/4, $450/m 321-243-3399, orlandov@ufl.edu 4-14-10-3 Summer sublet, 2 Bedrooms avail in 3/2 house,$450/mo,furnished,all inclusive: eleccable,internet,etc. W/D,fenced backyard, 10 min bike to UF, 5 min to bus route. Call 407 920-2259 4-10-09-8-3 or-1 Ao"i I I -i 

PAGE 18

18, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3,2009 bleases tesReal Estate Furnishings Furnishings 1BR/1BA 700+ sq.ft sublease at Hawaiian Village available April 6 until July 31 or later. Rent paid for the month of April. $510/mo. Call Robert at 727-410-3380. 4-7-09-5-3 $350-Furnished 4/4 Apartment@ Lexington Crossing-Pool, Gym,Clubhouse. Cable & Utilities included3 bus routes available immediately thru August. Call Ivory (813) 390-7761 4-9-7-3 Looking for female roommate to live with 3 other fun & friendly girls in 4 bd 4 bth condo less than 2 miles away from UF. Tile in common area & bthrms. New carpet in bdrms. Only $375/mo+util. (386)748-8718 4-7-095-3 400/month, 2/2 or 1/1 (negotiable) may-aug sublease in Campus Lodge, beautiful pool, gym, tanning salon, cable, wireless internet, washer/dryer in apt, email marls88@ufl.edu if interested 4-9-09-6-3 Sublease available immediately. 1 bedroom in 3 bedroom house. 3 blocks from Football stadium. Rent $540.00. Split utilities 3 ways. Long term lease available next year. Call 328-7776. 4-9-6-3 Summer Sublease: $600/mo. lbr/1bath unfurnished at Piccadilly Apts. May-July 31. Apt has 4 closets, d/w, and laundry facility. Pets welcome! Call Jennifer at 352-281-4384. 4-8-09-5-3 eRoommates Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Greenwich Green 372-8100 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-22-72-4 Now you can easily submit your classified ad for print and/or web editions right thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. @1 br w/pvt entrance avail in 2BR condo Cent AC/H. 2 pools. Walk to UF. 375/mo *1BR hdwd firs, pvt ba avail in beautiful NW house close to UF $395/mo 352-316-3930 www.gainesville-rent.com. 4-3-09-60-4 -:: 2 Blocks To UF:: Room in 4br condo incl utils, internet, cable TV, pool. Very Nice $375. 283-8777 www.Gainesville-Rooms-4-Rent.com 4-2209-62-4 1BR/1BA avail march 1st in 2Br/2BA for responsible mature individual. $390-$400/mo + utils. Barandywine on Archer Rd. yttek@ yttek@hotmail.com or 305-332-6566 4-709-43-4 Roommate wanted for 3/2 house on 1 + Acre w/ pool. Quiet neighborhood great for grad student or working professional. $495 plus half the electric. 15 min to UF & Shands. Move in Today! 772-201-9933 4-10-09-20-4 $400-Female roommates needed for beautiful 4/4 University Terrace condo on SW 34th St. All utilities included, available starting immediately/summer/fall. On bus routes 12 and 35, minutes to UF and walking distance to food and shopping! Call 352.262.0628. 4-22-24-4 LARGE BEDROOM, PRIVATE BATH, ROCKWOOD VILLAS 3/3 TOWNHOME CONDO. Available Summer and/or Fall. $400 + 1/3 utilities. 301-305-6206. On bus route. 4-709-10-4 3rd female roommate needed for 3/2.5 townhouse for fall 2009-spring 2010 year. Base rent 350$ plus utilities. Greenwich Green Apts. Pool/gym. Great bus route. Call 954815-0274 for additional info. 4-3-09-7-4 2 BRs AVAIL FOR FEMALES ONLY in 4/2.5 townhouse. $375/mo/room. + 1/3 electric. 754-204-1624 5-12-09-20-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED! 4BR/4BA Clean & Quiet condo at University Terrace West.$450 rent includes: Cable, HS Internet, and ALL utilities Fully furnished. MUST SEE! Call Dory @ (954)816-1468. 4-3-09-5-4 Female roommate needed. Live in a beautiful new house w/ sec alarm, bus stop, fast internet, cable, quiet area, pool. Available May 1st. $500/month. Joyce 941-724-0961. 4-13-09-10-4 Female roommate needed for a 2/1.5 at Casablance East. $500 includes utilities and wireless internet. Room has a walk-in closet. CONDO IS ON 3 MAJOR BUS ROUTES TO UF. contact 904-553-8225 4-14-09-10-4 Female roommates, own bed/bath, furnished, Windsor Park, close to UF on bus stop, pool hot tub, tennis, gym, $450, 1/3 utilities, avail May 407-361-1154. 4-22-09-16-4 Move In Today! Huge Home 1.5 Miles to UF seeking 2 roomates 65" HD TV, Pool Table, Nice Yard 2 Big Rooms avail. 13'x12' NW 16 & 22 Easy to SFCC. Bike to UF $450/Month 1/4 UtI. 561-756-5368 4-8-5-4 Female roomate for summer $325 util incl 2 blocks to campus 386-341-4412 4-13-095-4 2 ROOMMATES NEEDED forthe nextschool year. $425/mo + utils. 3BR/2BA house. 813362-7729 4-8-5-4 Seeking students for 3/2 home w/ 2 rooms for rent. 1600 sq. ft. 1 acre lot in Meadows on the Praire. Nice house 15 min. to UF & 20 min. to SFCC. Facebook Mike Rollins for pict. 727-224-5852 $550/mo. everything incl 4-22-09-14-4 $340 Large Master Bed w Private Bath OR $300 room w Large Walk-in closet,share a bath with clean,M roommate.washer/dryer in apartment. till July 31.share the apartment with 2 quiet, clean, male roommates. M/F, non smoking. PETS OK. call: 229-269-5872 4-9-5-4 $425-4br/4ba Fully Furn Condo All Util Inc. Avail Aug 09 pvt.bath,walk-in closet,w/d,pool Short ride to UF on 2 bus rts non-smoking student 954-593-3063 4-1009-6-4 Real Estate Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUT PLACING YOUR AD ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373-Find SEE ALL CONDOS WWW.UFCONDOS.COM Matt Price Campus Realty, 352-281-3551 4-22-72-5 NEW CONDOS -WALK to UF 3 Blks to UF. For Info on ALL 1, 2, 3, 4 Bedrooms for Sale, Call Eric Leightman, Campus Realty at 352-219-2879. 4-22-72-5 Brand new luxury condos starting at $220k. Granite tops, tall ceilings, private balcony, steel & concrete construction, alarm system. Call Eric Wild at 352-870-9453 4-22-72-5 AFFORDABLE LUXURYNEW CONSTRUCTION NEAR UF, SHANDS, LAW SCHOOL 2Bed/3 Full Baths + Office. Granite Counters, 2 Direct Bus Stops to UF. Matt Price, Campus Realty 352-281-3551 4-22-72-5 WALK TO UF & DOWNTOWN! THE PALMS -New Ultra-Luxury Condos. Granite, Huge Closets, Pool, Call Eric Leightman, Campus Realty, 352-219-2879 5-21-49-5 Countryside 4BR/4BA condo. 1.5 miles to UF on bus route. 1st floor, W/D, security gate, pool. Fully rented until July 31st. Rent 3 rooms and you live for free. $181,900. 386672-6969 4-22-09-17-5 AUCTION! 882 Acres HUNTSVILLE (ALABAMA) CITY LIMITS. Saturday April 11. Just North of 1-565. Sewer available. Adjacent to Megasite. Garner Auctions, Inc. garnerauctionsinc.com, Ken Garner ALSL 1002, 877-914-SOLD. 4-3-1-5 3Br 2Ba Foreclosure! $10,500! Only $199/ Mo! 5% down 15 years @ 8% apr. Buy, 4 Br $259/Mo! for listings 800-366-9783 ext 5798 4-3-1-5 HUD HOMES! 4bdr 2ba $217/mo! 3 br Foreclosure! $199/mo! Stop Renting! 5% dw, 15yrs @ 8% apr For Listings (800)3669783 ext 5853 4-3-1-5 3Br 2Ba Foreclosure! $10,500! Only $199/ Mo! 5% down 15 years @ 8% apr. Buy, 4 Br $259/Mo! for listings 800-366-9783 ext 5796 4-3-1-5 FORECLOSED HOME AUCTION FLORIDA STATEWIDE Auction starts April 18 1000 Homes MUST BE SOLD! REDC Free Brochure 800-756-2155 USHomeAuction. com 4-3-1-5 6/BR Bank Foreclosure! $29,900! Only $238/ Mo! 5% down 20 years @ 8% apr. Buy, 4 Br $326/Mo! for listings 800-366-9783 ext 5760 4-3-1-5 Final Closeout! Golf Lot Bargains from $19,900 (was $69,900) Golf & Amenity Package included! Developer closeout on remaining lots at championship 18 hole course in Blue Ridge Mtns -near Asheville NC. All infrastructure completed -build when ready. 1 lot per customer! Excellent financing. Call now (866)334-3253, x2192 4-3-1-5 FL LAND BARGAINS! 2 to 150 acres. From Sebring to Gainesville. $49,900 to $499,900. Tremendous land value below mkt prices. Financing. Call Jack at (800)242-1802 4-31-5 VIRGINIA MTN CABIN, Ready to move in! Great views! Near large stocked trout strm, private, 2 acres, only $159,500 owner. (866)275-0442 4-3-1-5 F Furnishings BED -QUEEN -$120 ORTHOPEDIC Extra thick, pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 will deliver. 4-22-08-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE -$100 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352377-9846 4-22-08-72-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT -$400 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1600. 352-3727490 4-22-08-72-6 BED -KING -$170 PILLOWTOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-22-08-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed. Cost $1500, sacrifice $450 352-333-7516 Sofa $175 Brand new in pkg 333-7516 4-22-72-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1100 (352) 372-7490 4-22-08-72-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Call 352-377-9846 4-22-08-72-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-372-8588 4-2272-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. New, in box. $160 332-9899 DINETTE SET 5pc $120 Brand new in box. Never used. 352-377-9846 4-22-08-72-6 **BEDS -ALL BRAND NEW** **Full $100 Queen $125 King $200** Orthopedic pillow-top sets. Brand name matching sets not used or refurbished. Still in plastic, direct from factory! 352-333-7516. 4-22-72-6 BEDQUEEN New orthopedic pillowtop mattress and boxspring set. Brand name, brand new, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $130 352-377-9846. 4-22-72-6 BedAll New King! 3pc Orthopedic pillowtop mattress set. Brand NEW, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $200 352-333-7516. 4-22-72-6 BEDROOM SET$300 BRAND NEW Still in boxes! 6 pieces include: Headboard, 2 Nightstands, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-22-0872-6 FUTON -$60 Solid Oak Mission Style. With plush mattress $160. All brand NEW still in box. Can deliver. 352-333-7516 4-22-72-6 Bed-FULL size pillowtop mattress & box. New in plastic, warr. Can del. $100 317-4031 SOFA $185 Brand new! Love seat $150 still in pkg. Can del 352-333-7516 4-22-72-6 BEDS 0 FUTONS 0 LOFTS Great prices, Great Quality, Low $$$ All new. 25 yrs in G'ville 1947 N Main St. Mon-Sat 244-5010 4-8-09-10-6 computers CASH PAID FOR LAPTOP'S Buy -Sell -Trade Any Condition 336-0075 www.pcrecycle.biz Joel 4-2208-72-7 COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-22-08-72-7 4-22-70-7 Computer Help Fast Gatorland Computers House/Dorm Fast response. No waiting/ unplugging/hassels. $30 Gator discount w/ ID. Certified MCSE Technicians. 338-8041. www.GatorlandComputers.com 4-22-70-7 4 0 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" i i ii a0 I a 

PAGE 19

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 19 F Bicycles For Sale J Motorcycles, Mopeds Autos Help Wanted In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE WE REPAIR ALL BRANDS Best Prices in Town SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W UNIV AVE (DOWNTOWN) 4-22-72-9 WLFoir Sale PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-22-08-72-10 UF SURPLUS EQUIPMENT AUCTIONS are underway. bikes, computers, printers, vehicles & more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: http://www.surplus.ufl.edu/online/ 392-0370 4-22-08-72-10 $25.00 stun gun. Great for female joggers and people who work at night. Don't be another victim protect yourself. Free delivery. call 352-682-2170 4-6-09-5-10 MOVING SALE AMAZING COLLECTION THIS SAT. 4/4 8am-2pm; 106 SW 40th Terr., Gainesville (neighborhood across from RegalRoyalParkCinemas16) 4-3-1-10 METAL ROOFING. 40yr Warranty-Buy direct from manufacturer 30/colors in stock, w/all accessories. Quick turn around. Delivery available. Gulf Coast Supply & Mfg, (888)393-0335 www.GulfCoastSupply.com 4-3-1-10 Sick-and-Tired of Struggling? STAY AT HOME Get Out Of Debt Get Your Life Back $2000 to $4000 WEEKLY Untapped Market ACT NOW! 1-800-508-0585 fatimak.com 4-3-1-10 MOST WANTED Al John Leonarus Thompson Black Male (DOB 09/04/80); 6'00", 160 lbs, Black Hair, Brown Eyes Wanted for: Posession of a Controlled Substance Without a Prescription ALAC UA COUNTY STOPPERS Call (352) 372-STOP 100% RECESSION PROOF! Do you earn $800 in a day? 25 Local Machines and Candy $9,995. (888)629-9968 B02000033 CALL US: We will not be undersold! 4-3-1-10 RPM MOTORCYCLES INC FULL SERVICE REPAIR SHOP 11TH YEAR OEM + AFTERMARKET PARTS + ACCY'S HUGE TIRE SELECTION IN STOCK, CALL F cyclesFpeds 4-22-09-15-11 RPM MOTORCYCLES INC WI SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-22-08-72-11 *****New Scooters 4 Less***** Motor Scooter Sales and Service! Great Scooters, Service & Prices! 118 NW 14th Ave, Ste D, 336-1271 www.NS4L.com 4-22-08-72-11 ***GatorMoto*** Largest Scooter Store in Town! Run by Gator Grads! New scooters starting at$999. No legit shop can beat these prices! lyr Warranties included. 376-6275GatorMoto.com 4-22-0872-11 SCOOTER SERVICE New Scooters 4 Less has LOW service rates! Will service any make/model. Close to UF! Pick-ups avail cheap oil changes!! 336-1271 4-22-08-72-11 *www.BuyMyScooter.com*** Buy A New Scooter, Buy A Used Scooter All on one site! Check the website or call 336-1271 for more info! 4-22-08-72-11 GATORMOTO Gville's #1 service facility. We repair ALL brands of scooters. Pickups available. Lowest labor rates around. Quickest turnaround time. Run by Gator Grads so we know how to treat our customers! 376-6275 4-22-08-72-11 SWAMP CYCLES Closest to Campus. Largest selection, Best Customer Service. Motorcycles, Scooters, Accessories, and Service. 633 NW 13th Street www.swampcycles.com 4-22-72-11 ***SOLANO CYCLE*** Scooters from $799. Largest selection from KYMCO, Daelim, Hyosung, Adly, Genuine, Estblished 10 yrs, 2 yr warranties 1024 S Main St 338-8450 solanocycle.com 4-22-08-72-11 FAST CASH FOR ALMOST ANY CARS S *Running or not!@ *NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS SOver 15 yr svc to UF students OCall Don @ 215-7987 4-22-08-72-12 CARS -CARS Buy@Sell@Trade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-22-72-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! HONDAS, CHEVYS, TOYOTAS, ETC. For listings 800-366-9813 ext 4622 4-22-72-12 CARS FROM $29/MO! Hondas S Chevys S Jeeps and more! $0 Down, 36 Months @ 8.5% apr. For listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9765 4-22-72-12 *FAST CASH PAID* For any running cars or trucks. 1995 and up. Clean or ugly. Segovia 352-284-8619 4-2272-12 *****ATTENTION***** 00000 SUN CITY AUTO SALESOOOS WHY PAY MORE? YOU COULD PAY LESS! 300+ vehicles @ wholesale prices 338-1999 4-22-08-72-12 All Vehicles Must Go! Liquidation Sale Special 60 Days Payoff on Cash Vehicles (Payoff time negotiable) Sun City Auto 352-338-1999 4-22-09-62-12 Over 250 Vehicles Will Be Sold At Wholesale Prices to the Public Including Cars, Trucks, Vans & SUVs Sun City Auto 352-338-1999 4-22-09-62-12 Bring Your W-2 and Ride Home Today Why Wait for Your Refund? File Your Taxes Here and Drive Off in Your Vehicle Sun City Auto 352-338-1999 4-22-09-62-12 Sun City Auto No Credit Check All Vehicles $0 Down Buy Here -Pay Here 352-338-1999 4-22-09-62-12 $$ CASH TODAY! $$ For Your Unwanted Cars Junk!! Trucks, RVs, & Wrecks!!! TOP DOLLAR PAID! 386-234-0072 & 386-234-0075 4-22-09-32-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING?** POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK? On site available. Call Steve 352-226-1973 4-22-28-12 CARS FROM $29/MO! Hondas, Chevys, Jeeps and More! $0 Down, 36 Months @ 8.5% apr. For listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9765 5-28-09-32-12 DONATE YOUR VEHICLE RECEIVE $1000 GROCERY COUPON UNITED BREAST CANCER FOUNDATION Free Mammograms, Breast Cancer Info www. ubcf.info FREE Towing, Tax Deductible, Non-Runners Accepted, (888)468-5964. 4-3-1-12 Police Impounds! 95 Honda Civic $600! 95 Toyota Camry $550! 97 VW Jetta $550! for listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9275 4-3-112 Police Impounds for Sale! 95 Honda Accord $500! 95 Honda Civic $600! for listings call (800)366-9813 Ext 9271 4-3-1-12 EARN $60 THIS WEEK! Donate Plasma & Save a Life Best part-time job you'll ever have. NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St. 352-378-9204 4-22-08-72-14 $STUDENTS GET CASH ON THE SPOT$ For gently used clothing/accessories & furniture. No appt.necessary! -Sandy's Savvy Chic Resale Boutique 2906 NW 13th St. 3721226 4-22-08-72-14 Now you can easily submit your classified ad for print and/or web editions right thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. BARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-22-08-72-14 CNA TRAINING CLASS: $250! Work at your own time & pace in your own home! To get program on DVD's call 352-597-2559. For online program visit www.lapcnatraining. com Get started right away! 4-22-72-14 Paradigm Properties Leasing Specialist, PT Sales & Customer service exp. EOE, DFWP Apply on-line at: www.teamparadigm.com 352-375-2152 ex 301 4-22-67-14 Earn extra money. Students needed ASAP. Earn up to $150/day being a mystery shopWanted per. No experience required. Call 1-800-7224791 4-22-09-65-14 LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: Gold Diamonds Gems Class Rings ETC Top Cash $$$ or Trade OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY 373-9243. 4-2272-13 UF GRAD PAYS MORE for gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds, guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell! Call Jim 376-8090 or 2228090 4-22-08-72-13 The American Cancer Society Road to Recovery Volunteers Needed! VOLUNTEER DRIVERS NEEDED to transport cancer patients to treatment. Flexible schedule. Training and liability insurance provided. Please call 352-376-6866 ext. 5079 if interested. BE AN INSPIRATION! Take a blind lady to Mass on Sundays and for walks and shopping as needed. We'll have lots of fun! And you will make a new friend! Contact 219-6948 4-10-09-74-13 $$$$ NEED MONEY $$$$ Will pay you cash for guns, gold, motorcycles, cars, or anything of value. (561)2523135 6-2-30-13 Help Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, personal references. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-22-72-14 400+ Counselors/Instructors Jobs! 3 Coed summer camps in PA. Travel Paid, Top Salary. Cool Nights & Warm Days! 1-800-488-4321, www.lohikan.com 4-2209-59-14 STUDENTPAYOUTS.COM Paid survey takers needed. Gainesville. 100% FREE to join. Click on Surveys 4-2209-59-14 DANCERS NEEDED For adult entertainment company. Make $1000/wk. Flex schedule 378-3312 4-2254-14 Summer Jobs 0 $2100 Co-ed camp Room and Board included Get Paid to Play! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs male and female summer camp counselors ages 18 and up. FEYC is an over-night camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL. The camp runs June 8 -July 25. Please contact Krys Ragland at 1-800-523-1673 Ext. 251 or 352 455-4267 4-22-09-72-14. FUTURE GMs Now hiring assistant managers GatorDominos.com/jobs 3-22-40-14 HOUSEKEEPING -CLEANING JOBS All around cleaning & laundry. FT available Mon-Fri, 10am -5pm. $7.25/hr, experience and good attitude preferred. All 256-3323 for more info and interview. 4-22-09-36-14 Clinical Research Coordinator needed for busy clinical research site. Must be experienced in Phase I-Ill trials. LPN or RN prefered but not mandatory. Fax Resume to 352.333.3936 3-11-09-10-14 ~~GRAADUATION -p 2009 4( L I 'L i The Alligator's Graduation 2009 section is the perfect place for advertisers to either thank students for their support during their years in Gainesville, or advertise for graduation gifts, products or services suitable for graduates. Run Date: Tuesday, April 14 Deadline: Wednesday, April 8 Contact your Sales alli'"aor Rep Today: 376-4482 r-5 

PAGE 20

20, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3,2009 UF HelpWanted HelpWanted 3 services Services nertainment IT/Programming Internship. Local investment firm seeks individual to work PT/FT with SQL, HTML, ASP, databases, servers, and networks. 2+ yrs exp pref. $15-20 per hour + bonuses, long term capability. Fax resume to 352-378-4156. 4-22-09-33-14 MOTHER'S HELPER -JONESVILLE SUN-THURS NIGHTS JULY '09-JUNE '10 1st grader help w h/w, supper n tidy house. email : norial@mac.com 7-2-30-14 PHONE SURVEY INTERVIEWERS WANTED. Start work today! No sales. Opinion research only! Flexible schedules! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ext 4081. Call now! 4-22-31-14 BIG LOU'S PIZZERIA Now hiring servers, pizza makers, cooks and drivers. Serious workers only. Apply in person 5 SE 2nd Ave Downtown. 4-8-20-14 MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST: Full time. Scheduling, phone calls, verifying insurance, entering payments and coordinating office activities. Resume afn22025@bellsouth.net 4-10-20-14 PHONE AGENTS NEEDED Must have Excellent Vocabulary and Communication skills. PC skills needed. Apply Now! 4112 NW 22nd Drive. 352-371-5888 x 111 4-22-28-14 Long Hair Models sought. Hip to knee length and longer only please. Earn $80-300, no exp. ness. no cutting. casual to elegant attire. 352 792 1824 www.longhair.org 4-6-09-1514 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED 33rd Annual GATOR TENNIS CAMP 2009 STAFF NEEDED -GOOD PLAYERS ONLY 4 WEEKS IN JUNE-ON CAMPUS COURTS GOOD PAY, GOOD HOURS, GOODTIMES CALL COACH M. B. CHAFIN AT 392-3538 IF NO ANSWER-LVE MESSAGE THANKS 4-22-09-26-14 SUMMER AD SALES and MARKETING INTERNSHIP/JOB. Earn $$$ plus commissions and gain valuable sales and mktg experience working for Plan-It Florida the FREE daily planner for students at Gator Textbooks. GREAT RESUME BOOSTER!!! Email your resume to fla09.ocl01 @hiredesk.net for more information 4-10-09-15-14. HCP Services now interviewing for staff RNs, RTs & LPNs in Alachua, Bradford, Levy, Gilchrist, Putnam, Union & Dixie area. Great pay. Contact 352-284-2336, fax resume to 352-373-2254 4-30-09-5-14 Customer Service/ Production Join our team of Employee Owners @ Target Copy. FT Extensive benefits, Training, Nights weekends. 1412 W Univ Ave. Drug Test. 4-6-09-10-14 Swim Instructors:lf your good come work with the BEST Sharks & Minnows Swim School. FT/PT $11-14hr.Pool Locations in:Gainesville & 35 others FL cities. Will train. (800) 511-7946. www.sharksandminnows.com 4-15-09-514 PT Window Blind Installer for independent contractor. 339-4600 4-2209-20-14 Handyman needed. 8-10 hours per week. Odd jobs ranging from office maintenance, painting, yard work and more. Must be an independent worker, have reliable transportation and some experience doing this sort of work. Email Handymanjob2009@gmail.com 4-6-7-14 EARN EXTRA $$$ SELLING AVON Become an Indep. Sales Rep! Be your own boss! Call or email me for more information: Shannon (indep. sales rep)(352)316-1699 or shannon.avon@email.com 4-3-09-5-14 ACCOUNTING TUTOR NEEDED Tutor for introductory level accounting student. Acct./Fin. major, $15/hr plus mileage, flexible to schedules. 352-336-0350 4-309-4-14 Want to be a Pharmacy Tech? Workshop/ books/national cert exam for only $800. All classes taught by pharmacist. 1 night/week for 6 weeks. Next class 4/15/09, Call Express 352-338-1193 or expresstrainingservices.com/pharmacy 4-13-09-10-14 AVON is recruiing Independent Sales Reps! Unlimited income potential with additional incentives and bonuses. Have the flexibilty to work your own hours, from home or online. Call Lisa today 352-207-0623 4-7-09-5-14 Planting, mulching, trimming shrubs. Person needed for lawn and garden care. Flexible hours, but must be available to work Wed. mornings. Home located 2 miles north of the Hwy Patrol station. $12.00 per hour. Fax resume to:386-462-7935. 4-8-09-5-14 SERVERS Evenings & weekends. Experienced & friendly. Apply in person 2-5pm. Napolatano's 606 NW 75th St. 4-8-09-5-14 Night Owl? Responsible workers needed in Customer Service/Digital Production. Employee owned/ Customer focused company. Attention to detail and energy a must. Extensive training/ benefits. Midnight -8am shift, FT. Target Copy, 1412 W Univ Ave. DRUG TEST 4-1509-10-14 Looking for an energetic, athletically minded person for sales associate/managerial position at athletic store. F/T. Retail experience a plus. email resumes to matt@runningandwalkingstore.com 4-16-09-10-14 Companion sit for elderly woman. Study, read, watch TV. Give her a meal only. A few days weekly. 3 hours per day. $6.50 hour. Details at spenser1915@yahoo.com 4-137-14 Colonial Life seeks licensed Life & Health agents to market voluntary employee benefit programs to employers. First year potential 60K and up. Call Meredith at 904-424-5697 or MeredithBrewer@comcast.net. 4-3-1-14 OTR DriversJoin PTL! Up to 34cpm. REQUIRED 12 months experience and CDL-A. Out 10-14 days. No felon or DUI past 5 years. (877)740-6262. www.ptl-inc.com 4-3-1-14 HVAC Tech Training. EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES for EPA & OSHA Nationally Certified 3-5wk training program. Local Job Placement and Financing available. (877)994-9904 4-3-1-14 $12.00 GUARANTEED for every envelope stuffed with our sales material plus a free sign on bonus. FREE 24 hour information. (888)250-8110 4-3-1-14 $600 Weekly Potential$$$ Helping the government PT. No Experience. No Selling. Call: (888)213-5225 Ad Code: M 4-3-1-14 Pickup truck & Commercial truck drivers needed. Deliver RV trailers and commercial trucks and buses to all 48 states and Canada. Log on to www.RVdeliveryjobs.com 4-3-1-14 PT phone sales/customer service, Work from your location, Day/evening shifts, Hourly rate plus bonuses = $10-$12/hour. Call Robin w/ On-SiteTM 352-538-1708 resume to: rkepler@onsitetm.com 4-9-09-5-14 LF serviCes IMPORT AUTO REPAIR. BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-22-72-15 EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The countryclub for horses & owners. Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath. 250' x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump paddock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 matted stalls, 19 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-591-3175 everglade-equestrian.com 4-22-74-15 Want to be a CNA? Don't want to wait? Express Training Services can get you certified under 3 wks! Hands-on exp, no videos. Day/eve/wkend. Class sizes limited. 3381193 for details expresstrainingservices.com 4-22-08-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-22-72-15 TLC HORSEBOARD All facilities & amenities, quality instruction; 15 minutes from UF. Jan at 376-7762. Greathouse Equestrian Ctr. 4-22-72-15 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Local and long distance moving One item or a houseful! 10% off with this ad! FL Reg IM 19 Call Now! 352-374-4791, 800-797-6766 4-22-08-72-15 HORSE BOARDING 12 x 12 stall -cement block barn. Good grass turnout with room to run! Limited # of stalls available. 352-472-2627 for info & directions. 4-22-08-72-15 HYPNOTIST -Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Elminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079 4-22-72-15 ***** MOVING? ***** 0000 FREEWAY MOVING 0000 You'll love our low rates & references. Student Discount. Call 352-256-0999. Lic #1M707 4-22-72-15 T-SHIRT SCREEN PRINTING Greeks-Sports-Clubs-Bands *Call or Stop by for a QUOTE* MONSTER PRESS 373-3355 424 W UNIV AVE (in Spin Cycle) 4-22-72-15 Mini Maxi Warehouses; corner Waldo Rd & NE 31st Ave; 10 sizes, student/staff rentals; UHaul warehouse complex, trucks, trailers. $20 off any warehouse rental! 352-373-6294 or 1-800-559-2449 Also 100 sheds for sale. 8-31-09-79-15 IMMIGRATION LAW Marriage Visas Employment Visas-Naturalization Richard Ruth, Esq. 352-335-6748 www.ruthlaw.com 4-22-38-15 MATH & PHYSICS TUTOR First hour FREE. 11 years experience. Bilingual. Call Francisco at 352-494-8582 4-15-20-15 Gator Slide Farm: Horse boarding. Owner housing. Dressage, stadium jumping, X-country. Lessons/schooling opportunities. Feeding/mucking mitigate monthly charges. Visitors always welcome. Contact Dibbie 352.466.3538 or gtrslfrm@aol.com 6-1809-30-15 COLD HARDY -TREES, PALMS Hedges, shrubs, ground cover, stone, mulch. Free design w/installations. Licensed & insured. Free estimates -to fit your budget. Over 25 years. 352-817-2146 4-6-09-2-15 PROPERTY CLEAN-UPS Hedge trimming, weeding, raking, hauling. Licensed & insured. Free estimates. 352817-2146 4-6-09-2-15 ATTEND COLLEGE ONLINE from Home. *Medical, *Business, *Paralegal, *Computers, *Criminal Justice. Job placement assistance. Computer available. Financial Aid if qualified. Call (866)858-2121, www.CenturaOnline. com. 4-3-1-15 AIRLINES ARE HIRING -Train for high paying Aviation Maintenance Career. FAA approved program. Financial aid if qualified Housing available. CALL Aviation Institute of Maintenance (888)349-5387. 4-3-1-15 FHealth Services HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-22-72-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $119! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199 4-22-72-16 ADOPTION-Pregnant and considering this option? Loving couple seeks newborn/infant. Expenses paid. Call in confidence to attorney Rebecca Caballero, 904-886-9552. (FL Bar #0028857) 4-6-09-15-16 ONLINE PHARMACY Buy Soma, Ultram, Fioricet, Prozac, Buspar $71.99/90 $107/180 Quantities, PRICE INCLUDES PRESCRIPTION! Over200Meds$25Coupon Mention Offer:#91A31. (888)389-0461. tri-drugstore.com 4-3-1-16 foersonals WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255 4-22-08-72-21 SHOTGUN SHOOTING SPORTS Open To Public Wed-Fri-Sat-Sun 1 pm-6pm Skeet -Trap -Olympic Trap -5 Stand gatorskeetandtrap.com 352-372-1044 8-19-09-97-21 Rocky Creek Paintball In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better Call 371-2092 4-22-08-72-2 1 Horse Back Riding: I am looking for an experienced horse rider to ride my daughter's beautiful 16 hands paint in a very nice trail. He is very sweet and docile. 352-562-5838 4-21-12-21 M R ides GMG TRANSPORT WiFi on buses -New Departures Thur 1 & 4:30 / Fri 1, 3 & 4:30 Ret Sun 2 & 4 pm -Mon 2 pm -Also Reverse trips Credit card payments, no xtra charge pay by phone or in person$35 O/W -$45 R/T www.gmgtrans.com 352-215-8196 4-22-72-23 W EYFPets Furry, feathery, scaly.no, not your roommate.pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) Lost & Found *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-22-72-18 SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480 4-22-08-72-18 WJConnections Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love iEvent Nices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! ADOPTION-Pregnant and considering this option? Loving couple seeks newborn/infant. Expenses paid. Call in confidence to attorney Rebecca Caballero, 904-886-9552. (FL Bar #0028857) 4-3-09-15-20 REWARD-LOST CAT Blk/wht, F/S, long hair, micro-chip, very shy. Lost 3/20/09 area of NE 3rd Ave & NE 9th St. Call 352-373-1796. 4-10-09-11-25 LOST CAMERA! REWARD 4 SD CARD. Small, silver, digital, Casio camera. Lost 3/19 area of W Univ & 9th. Extremely sentimental photos of mother. Keep camera, return anonymous. Molly 352-682-3658 4-9-09-5-25 Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. Call 373-FIND. 

PAGE 21

Sports FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 UF GYMNASTICS Gators head to NCAA Regionals By EUGENIO TORRENS Alligator Writer From underdog to top dog, the UF gymnastics team will be playing a different role Saturday at the NCAA North Central Regional Competition in Iowa City, Iowa. It's the most important meet of the season so far because it decides which teams and individuals will advance to the NCAA Championships on April 16-18. The top two teams and top two allaround competitors who are not on an advancing team from each regional proceed to the national championship competition. The rotation of events will be different for the Gators. UF has a bye in the first rotation and starts on floor exercise before moving to vault, uneven bars and ending on balance beam. The Gators were overlooked at the Southeastern Conference Championships because of their thinner lineup, but they still managed a third-place finish. And while the league championships have no direct impact on the upcoming meet, the team is feeding off its success. "SECs was certainly, in our point of view, pretty much like a win," said Courtney Gladys, who believes the confidence garnered from the SEC Championships will roll over into the regional competition. It may be a bit harder for the other teams in the North Central Region -UCLA, Minnesota, Denver, Iowa State and Iowa -to ignore the Gators this time considering UF heads in as the top-ranked team in the grouping, ranked No. 6 in the country. Harrison Diamond / Alligator Staff "Ifeellike any meet we go to, everyUF gymnast Courtney Gladys performs in floor exercise during the Gators' SEE GYM, PAGE 23 win against Michigan in the O'Connell Center on March 6. ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org DeFelice contributes despite on-again-off-again wrist injury SHE IS STILL RECOVERING FROM OFF-SEASON WRIST SURGERY. By ADAM BERRY Alligator Staff Writer a be rry@all Iiga to r org It's the elephant in the locker room, an obvious issue that goes unaddressed. Tiffany DeFelice's left wrist, which reON TELEVISION NCAA Men's Basketball: Final Four CBS, 6 p.m. Saturday NCAA Baseball: UF vs. Vanderbilt FSN, 7 p.m. Friday quired off-season surgery, has made its presence known to the UF softball team. The sophomore catcher has missed 14 of the team's 39 games this year due to the lingering effects of extensor carpi ulnaris subluxation -a condition where a wrist tendon slides in and out of its groove. DeFelice, her coaches and the team's training staff treat her wrist like a petulant pro athlete: When it's ready to play, it will DeFeliceU play. "We just kind of go with the flow of whatever my wrist feels like doing," DeFelice said. "So if it's having a bad day, I just tell Coach, 'Bad day today,' and we'll go from there. If it's good, we just keep going. As long as it stays at a level where I can play and where I feel that I can perform and I'm not overwhelmed by pain, then we'll just go with it." If she stays at that level, she'll see time against Mississippi State (17-17, 2-10 Southeastern Conference) this weekend, as the No. 1 Gators (36-3, 15-1 SEC) host the Bulldogs for a three-game series. DeFelice's wrist was ready to go SEE SOFT, PAGE 23 POLL QUESTION Today's question: Will the UF gymnastics team advance to the NCAA Championships? Previous question: Will the UF men's basketball team finish ahead of or behind Kentucky after the hiring of John Calipari? (see right for results) Percent (Votes) Ahead 51% (18) Behind 49% (17) 35 TOTAL VOTES Gators need wins on road By BOBBY CALLOVI Alligator Writer bcallovi@a Iligator org Only 16 teams get a chance to host an NCAA regional, so road play is crucial for a team's chance at a championship run. The way the No. 20 Gators have played away from Gainesville so far this season suggests they are not yet prepared for that honor. UF (18-9, 6-3 Southeastern Conference) has a chance to turn the corner on the road with a successful weekend series at Vanderbilt (1711, 3-6 SEC), which is 13-3 at home, starting tonight at 7. A winning weekend could help ready the Gators for the rest of their SEC schedule, including another road conference series Baseball next weekend at Auburn. "The thing with this team is we need to learn how to play on the road," UF coach Kevin O'Sullivan said. "We have to be able to play as well on the road as (we do at home). (These road games) will tell us what type of team we have in the next couple of weekends." Struggles with the hitting, pitching and fielding have all led to their 2-5 record away from Gainesville. As a team, UF has hit .211 with 24 runs and just three homers in those seven games, and the team scored more than 5 runs only once -UF beat Central Florida in Orlando 7-3 on March 18. The pitching has not been any better, allowing 34 runs in away contests. While the pitching and the offense have been bad, the defense has been atrocious. The Gators are averaging just over 2.5 errors per SEE BASE, PAGE 23 U Check out alligatorSports.org for a new podcast where we break down UF football spring practice, the new coaching hires in SEC basketball and give out our weekly awards. 

PAGE 22

22, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3,2009 High expectations for Debose unreasonable e biggest question facing UF's offense next season is how to replace Percy Harvin, and it seems like a lot of people have taken the attitude that, "Oh, Andre Debose will be here next year. It's all taken care of." Debose, rated the nation's No. 2 receiver coming out of Sanford Seminole High by Rivals.com, has been touted as the Second Coming, but the claims that he'll shoulder the load Harvin left behind need to be tempered. Maybe he will be the next Harvin -just not yet. Urban Meyer has made it clear that he doesn't want to give up what he calls "The Percy Position" just because Harvin entered the NFL Draft, and why would he? Meyer said opposing coaches told him that the toughest matchups against UF last season were Harvin and tight end Aaron Hernandez, and he wants to keep at least one player on the field who's versatile enough to score by taking direct snaps, handoffs, option pitches or catching passes. From the way Meyer talks about Debose, it's clear he thinks he has his man. On National Signing Day, he called him "the best player in America," and he's counting on Debose to make his presence felt right away. "I expect him to be a starter and a guy who will come in and contribute," Meyer said Monday. "I expect it because I'm going off his highlight film. Sometimes I give guys too much credit, but he has one of the best highlight films I have ever seen. He's tough, too. I went and saw him play in person, and I saw him do some great things." Sure, Debose's highlight film is dazzling. He has blazing speed that helps him burn defenders while taking direct snaps, hand-offs, end-arounds or running routes -all the things that make up The Percy Position. But Debose isn't at spring practice, and he won't arrive until the summer. As Meyer said this week, spring ball is the time to determine who'll see playing time, and there's a host of talented athletes already in place trying to fill Harvin's shoes. Receiver David Nelson said it'll take several players to make up for Harvin, and at least for next season, that'll be true. Running backs Jeff Demps, Chris Rainey and Emmanuel Moody can take most of the rushing load, along with quarterback Tim Tebow. Receiver Deonte Thompson is chomping at the bit to take over a more versatile role, and a big group of wideouts is trying to earn more catches. There's only so much pigskin to go around, and Debose doesn't have the luxury of going through spring practice to learn the offense and adjust to the speed of the college game -two things that Harvin said he struggled with early on. Receivers coach Billy Gonzales is a little less caught up in the hype, and he knows Debose has a lot of work to do before he'll be getting carries and catches in crunch time. "I don't know what I can depend on right now because I haven't had a chance to work with him and he hasn't been here," Gonzales said. "Our expectations are really high, but they're reasonable. It's hard to come into any offense and have an impact as a freshman." Keep in mind that in his freshman season, Harvin wasn't really even Harvin yet. He was more of a side show than the main act for most of the year. He showed flashes of brilliance here and there, but it took 10 games before he got 10 touches in a contest. From then on, he was a focal point of the offense. He was the MVP of the Southeastern Conference Championship and the leading receiver in the BCS title game. In his sophomore and juEqual Access Clinic is a student-run free healthcare clinic es by he Uvrty a Coi1ege Pre-medical and health professional student volunteers in collaboration with the Umiversity of Florida faculty and staff provide care for the underserved in the community. Location:NorthFlorida Regional Hospital Please visit www.ufpremed.org/easc for the race application Florda a i c CmRM 5 K)00 FH Track Club YUD Vca P-1 u. F 01] nior seasons, the offense revolved around him, and things seemed slightly out of Nail whack when he wasn't around (see the 2008 SEC Championship). But all of that took time, and Debose will need at least the same grace period. Mike McCall "I definitely would say he'll come in McCall-in' It and contribute, but I don't know if he'll Like I See It be able to come in and be the man right mmccall@alligator org away," Harvin said. "I think between him, Rainey, Demps and David Nelson, they'll get the job done. But to put all that pressure on one person is hard." And Debose will join the team this summer with a level of hype that Harvin didn't even have to face. When Harvin signed with UF in 2006, he had Tebow in his recruiting class, which took a lot of pressure off. Debose -easily the best offensive player in the Gators' 2009 class -won't have that luxury. What's more, there's a mold for Debose to fit into. Harvin arrived as a talented athlete, but it was hard to know what to expect. He carved out a position in Meyer's offense, and now Debose has to live up to it. That's a notion that the 6-foot, 176-pounder isn't happy with, as he said on signing day that he doesn't want to be compared to anyone else. Like it or not, he'll be measured by the Harvin yardstick throughout his career, and it's clear that there are some differences. They're both very versatile receivers, but Debose doesn't have the same tools as Harvin. "I think Percy Harvin is more of a guy who makes people miss in open space because he has that wiggle," Rivals.com recruiting analyst Barton Simmons said. "Debose is more of a one-cut, outrun-you type of guy. He's very efficient in his movements as far as outrunning people to the sideline or up the middle. That's what he excels at, more than making people miss in space. Not that he can't do that, but that's more of Harvin's specialty than Debose's." Essentially, Debose is more like a taller version of Demps than Harvin, Jr. He uses his straight-line speed more than the lightning-quick dance moves that Harvin utilized to embarrass defenders. None of this is to say that Debose isn't an electrifying receiver. In his senior season, he rushed for 1,332 yards and 12 touchdowns, caught 27 passes for 664 yards and six scores, threw for 353 yards and four touchdowns and also returned kickoffs and punts. He also made the winning touchdown catch in the 6-A State Championship against Miami Northwestern, scoring three times in the game. He has the talent to be a huge asset for UF, but to expect him to fill in for one of college football's best players right away is very far off base. If Debose is going to be like Harvin this season, he'll be like the freshman Harvin, not the one who served as the linchpin for UF's dynamic attack for two years. "I think he can come in and help them in the fall for sure, but to think he'll be the centerpiece of that offense is a little tough to say," Simmons said. "He's a pretty ridiculous athlete, and all that's going to come through. He'll have a big play here or there, but I don't think he'll be an impact player until mid-season at the least." Ag supports UF sports HAppy OUR ALL DAY EVERYDAY. Tuesday Thursday Oyster Night 0 A All-You-Can-Eat Jumbo Wings $9.95 45C Oysters at the Oyster Bar 4 PM-i 2 AM Buy One, (no sharing please) Get One 1/2 lbs of Shrimp N 8 $6.95 Domestic Longneck Baskets E Wacky Wednesday 000 A 5 PM-12 AM We serve over 7,000 A $2 Domestic Bottles fresh oySteS &14,000 -R and .bo wings weekly! E S $3 Food -Wings, Nachos, um and Burgers At75'!C4EER 3507 SW 2nd Ave CalicoJacks.net 371-1675 Howard in M*V'P Cu a) p0 LM %Mc Friday, April 3 -First 200 fans will receive a Dish Network water bottle (beginning at 3 PM). Saturday, Apnl A. First 200 fans will receive a reusable Florida Cators bag; GRAB LIFE Tickets: E rP 1 I~ $7 Adults S4 Children 4-002 $1 UF Studets 'Per Day Gates open @ 9 am. Friday and B am. Saturday %yiJ4' t~it#2~ '2 0 0 Cu ii 0 Ni. 0 0 E 0 M4Ntlli.Mower 1 It )erIar Ha a Ac 28 )NOW Free Spay and/or Neuter at ar Price Efor lo w income fljU~lEB~SOP 4% Coupon families 4VI Alachua County Animal Services L 15 W. University Ave. (352) 373-4841 13400 NE 53Ave -Gainesville H(,,s: MI ~ r' 9am ~ 6Tpm CALL TO SEE IF YOU QUALIFY April 4, 2009 www.DTaarbershop.com (352) 264-6870 N-J Q 'IE C r n .t A i c. 1., IA. I 

PAGE 23

FRIDAY, APRIL 3, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 23 UF MEN'S GOLF No. 5 spot up for grabs heading into tournament By ANTHONY CHIANG Alligator Writer In golf, a sport that focuses on the individual, you don't often hear a coach begging for a stronger team effort. But after the Gators' previous tournament, coach Buddy Alexander did just that. "You aren't going to win with three (players with good) scores a day, and basically that's what we had all weekend," Alexander said. However, as the No. 5 UF men's golf team prepares to travel to Atlanta to play in their final event before the postseason starting Sunday, the U.S. Collegiate Championship, Alexander believes he is partly to blame for his team's performance in their last tournament. "I think that a lot of that blame might fall on me because I elected not to take Toby Ragland, and he is typically one of our more consistent guys," he said. At this point of the season, Alexander will not make the same mistake twice. "We are pretty much locked in to four guys playing the rest of the year," he said. Those four guys are Billy Horschel, Tim McKenney, Tyson Alexander and Ragland. One problem area for UF this year had been its fifth spot in the lineup. Alexander has given Will Strickler, Mu Hu and Max Kieffer the opportunity to make the fifth spot theirs, but inconsistent play has prevented them from doing so. In this event, sophomore Andres Echavarria will take his chance at the Echavarria position. "Andres hasn't played a lot this semester, but we have been very inconsistent at that fifth spot with Will, Mu and Max," Alexander said. "I'm just rolling the stones with Andres a little bit, giving him a shot to see what he can do." With the postseason just two weeks away, the Gators will have to find the golfer that completes their lineup quickly if they want to be successful. But before they can get to the postseason, UF will have to play in what could be its most difficult tournament of the year. The top five teams in the nation, including the Gators, will be competing this weekend. "This is the biggest tournament of the semester so far, it's the best field that we will play, it's on a terrific golf course, and it kind of sets the stage for possibilities in the postseason," Alexander said. UCLA poses biggest threat GYM, from page 21 one's like, 'Oh, Florida, we want to beat them,' so of course (the other teams) are going to want to get us," Alicia Goodwin said. Goodwin, who sprained her knee before the SEC Championships and was pulled from the lineup, will most likely be back onbars and beam lineups in the regional competition. Despite being taken out of the lineup at the last minute, Goodwin said she doesn't feel any added pressure to make up for missed action. Based on rankings, No. 7 UCLA is the stiffest competition the Gators will face, with the next-highest ranked team being No. 18 Minnesota. Facing UCLA is nothing new for the Gators, who have faced the Bruins in regional competition two of the Gymnastics last three years. UF coach Rhonda Faehn, a UCLA alumna, earned AllAmerica honors as a gymnast there. Faehn believes the Gators still may be able to use injuries as a way to divert attention from their ranking. With no more than eight possible gymnasts competing out of a 12-woman roster, consistency shouldn't be an issue with the possibility of five gymnasts competing all-around. "We all wish we had the other four girls," Elizabeth Mahlich said. Faehn said the gymnasts healthy enough to compete are fully committed and said the other teams at the regional competition may be thinking, like at the SEC competition, that they have a great shot because UF is beat up. "We proved them all wrong at SECs," Faehn said. She also realized the top seeding in the regional doesn't bring about any extra points. "You can never step into a regional championship thinking you've got it in the bag," Faehn said. "The No. 1 seeds everywhere are feeling, 'We still have to do our job."' Inexperienced pitchers start series at Vanderbilt BASE, from page 21 game on the road, including a six-error performance at Arkansas on March 15. O'Sullivan thinks concentration has been the biggest issue preventing his team from succeeding when they are not in McKethan Stadium, and he needs his experienced players to step up in these games. "We've got to try and work on our focus," O'Sullivan said. "We've talked about it. We have challenged a few of our older guys who might not have been playing as well, and hopefully they will show some good leadership on the road." With so many inexperienced players on the team, it is important for the Gators to get good performances out of their veteran players. O'Sullivan doesn't blame the team's youth for the shortcomings on the road because the Gators had the same struggles last year when they went 7-14 in away games and 0-4 at neutral sites. "I'm sure (the team's youth) probably is a factor in it, but we got to get over the hump," he said. "I don't know if we need to change our approach or what, but Harrison Diamond / Alligator Staff UF lefty Nick Maronde hurls a pitch during the Gators' 9-8 comeback win against Alabama at McKethan Stadium on Saturday. we need to play better on the road." The Gators will rely on inexperienced pitching this weekend with junior college transfer Jeff Barfield starting tonight and freshman lefty Nick Maronde taking the mound at the start of Saturday's game. O'Sullivan knows he can't rely on UF's play at home to go deep in the postseason. "If we are going to get to the postseason, which is obviously everybody's goal, we have to learn to play on the road," he said. Versatile sophomore comfortable in any role on team SOFT, from page 21 Wednesday at Auburn, so UF coach Tim Walton put her back in the starting lineup for both of the Gators' wins against the Tigers. In Game 2, Walton moved her to the second spot in the order, where right fielder Kelsey Bruder had started the last 19 games. "I have no idea how that decision was made," DeFelice said. "I got on the bus, and Coach says, 'How's your wrist?' and I go, 'It's good,' and he says, 'OK, you're starting."' DeFelice responded by batting 1 for 3 with two RBIs and a walk in the second game of the series. After the doubleheader, Walton explained his decision to move the versatile sophomore up in the order. "Her on-base percentage is really high, and I didn't want to give up on an opportunity to drive in more runs," Walton said. "She's a matchup problem because she can do so many things she can hit and run, she can bunt, she's so good at a lot of different things." DeFelice was modest about her abilities on the field, simply saying she does whatever her coach asks her to do. "I try to make the pitcher work as hard as they possibly can to get me out," she said. "I like to make them feel like they really had to work. I don't mind if I have to work at it. If I have to go 23 or 17 pitches, it doesn't bother me -I enjoy being there." As a freshman playing in the Women's College World Series, DeFelice fought through a 23-pitch at-bat against Louisiana-Lafayette. An at-bat that long can even wear on a player who says she has "always destroyed" batter's boxes and is known to kick up the dirt and take the chalk off the clay when she steps up to the plate. "Coach has said it a million times: I'm very intense. That's just the way I am," she said. "I really love this game and I really love playing it, so it just comes out in me like that." 

PAGE 24

24, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 3,2009 UF TENNIS Gators face Tigers in critical late-season matches By JOSEPH R. HOLZER Alligator Writer This weekend the No. 10 UF men's tennis team is hosting its last two home matches of the season beginning at 3 p.m. today against LSU. The Tigers (6-8, 1-5 Southeastern Conference) are only ranked No. 34 by the Intercollegiate Tennis Association but have plenty of ferocity at Court 1. Michael Venus is No. 6 in singles, while the duo of Venus and Neal Skupski is No. 8 in doubles. Gators freshman Carlos Cueto defeated Venus 7-6 (7), 7-6 (6) at the SEC Indoors on Jan. 19. Cueto is ranked No. 27, one spot ahead of teammate Alex Lacroix. UF (12-6, 3-3 SEC) is coming off a 6-1 victory at Mississippi State but dropped its last home match the first loss at Linder Stadium this spring -to No. 2 Mississippi last Friday night. The Gators are currently tied for second in the SEC East. A win against LSU would push UF closer to division leaders Georgia and Tennessee, ITA's thirdand fourth-ranked teams, who defeated the Gators in mid-March. On Sunday, UF will face Arkansas (9-9, 1-5 SEC), which also has a highly ranked singles player in No. 13 Blake Strode. Gators coach Andy Jackson has often emphasized the team over the individual, so wins on courts 4 through 6, as well as in doubles, will be just as crucial as his top players' performances in both matches. WOMEN BAYOU-BOUND: While the men attempt to avoid upsets, the No. 16 UF women's team faces a critical and final regular-season road stretch against No. 24 LSU and No. 15 Arkansas. The Gators play the Tigers at 4 p.m. today. "We have a tough weekend," UF coach Roland Thornqvist said. "LSU is really good at home. We're certainly going to have our work cut out for us. We're going to continue working on a couple things." The Gators (10-6, 4-2 SEC) have had a seemingly endless carousel of doubles teams over the season. Marrit Boonstra and Jo Mather entered the ITA doubles rankings on Tuesday at No. 80. The tanMatne 1 dem has won the last eight matches it has played. Boonstra, the No.8 singles player, is undefeated at 15-0 in dual match play despite falling three spots in the rankings this week. Still, the junior is excited about continuing SEC play and said the Arkansas match would be a crucial one. Mather has just as much confidence as her partner. "The team is getting along great," Mather said. "The more we play, the better we get." The doubles point usually sets the tone for the match. Thornqvist is aware of this and believes his tinkering -which has included involving walk-ons Brooke Allen and Lauren Wolken -has paid off. UF competes in Gainesville for first time since January 0 HIGH SCHOOL, COLLEGE AND PRO ATHLETES WILL PARTICIPATE. By TONI-ANN MILLER Alligator Writer Home sweet home. After the start of the outdoor season on the road was cut short due to inclement weather, UF is home for its next track meet. If the weather holds up this weekend, some of UF's athletes will have the opportunity to open their outdoor season on a grand stage in the Florida Relays. The Relays, in its 65th season, showcases high school talents competing against each other and also pits pros against some of the finest college athletes in a two-day event. UF senior Carlos Phillips has been to quite a few Florida Relays, some of which were reminiscent of what happened in Tallahassee last weekend. However, Phillips understands the weather is a part of the sport and is not concerned about it in his final Florida Relays as a Gator. "I've been to Florida Relays since my junior year in high school," Phillips said. "It's been rained out a couple times, but whether its raining or just light showers or whether it's hot, sunny, you just gotta go out there and run." The last time UF competed in front of the home crowd was in the Tom Jones Memorial Invitational in January, and the team had one of its best showings of the indoor season. "It's always a very exciting event. It's always an honor to be a part of it." Mike Holloway UF track and field coach The athletes will enjoy the opportunity to compete in Gainesville this weekend, and they will try to outdo their last home performance. "It's the best thing because you've got your friends, your family there, and you don't want to embarrass yourself out there," Phillips said. "It's fun, though, in front of the fans, in front of my home crowd." UF coach Mike Holloway, who has attended his fair share -and then some -of Florida Relays, relishes the opportunity to be a part of this Relays. "It's always a very exciting event. It's always an honor to be a part of it," Holloway said. "I've actually attended every Florida Relay since 1978, so I've been around a long time, seen a lot of relays." This weekend's Relays, which begins Friday at 10 a.m., promises to be an entertaining two days, filled with some of the highest competition in the sport. "There's going to be a world-record attempt by an elite group of athletes on Saturday morning in the shuttle hurdles relay, and we're excited about that," Holloway said. "The Gators are a part of that relay, so we're gonna try not to get beat by too much in that situation." -77 /A MARK YOUR CALENDAR FOR THIS SPECIAL EVENT. Hear about the Insights and experiences that aren't found in textbooks, but could make an impact on your medical career. Dr. Donald Mondragon is an Internist, and currently serves as the Deputy Commander for Clinical Services at Reynolds Army Community Hospital in Fort Sill, Okla. He completed his graduate degree at Oral Roberts University School of Medicine and is Board Certified by the American Board of Internal Medicine. During his discussion of trauma cases, humanitarian missions and technological advances, Dr. Mondragon will offer perspectives that could only come from an experienced medical professional. ARMY STRONG: Be sure to ask about scholarship opportunities. healthcare.goarmy.com D2009. Paid for by the U.S. Army. All rights reserved. Information subject to change. 
