
PAGE 1

weather: sunny, high in mid 80s, low near 60 thursday, april 3, 1986 t he Independent florida all1igator Asbestos removal. may take 10 years By JIM HAGY much to request. Right now, no one is sure cause lung cancer, money. Alligator Staff Writer how much it will cost to remove the asbestos The buildings still to be checked will be UF Universitv Relations Vice President Al from UF buildings because no one knows inspected by ATC Inc., an Alabama consultAlsobrook said the amount of money the It may be as long as 10 years before all exactly how much asbestos there is. ing firm hired by the Regents. ATC will Legislature appropriates may depend on the cancer-causing asbestos is removed from Properzio said his office has inspected determine how much asbestos is in the nine "immediacy" of the problem. nemusday. approximately half the buildings on campus state universities, decide if it should be renesday. and has identified a million square feet of moved immediately and estimate the removal "Let's say it's a $15 million problem, but The large amount of asbestos, the time it asbestos-tainted insulation in the Miller cost. only $4 million is needed to take careof the takes to remove it and the small number of Health Center and another 60,000 square feet immediate problem. Then that's what they companies that do such work will stall the throughout 36 other buildings. He said any Properzio said ATC's UF inspection begins might give," he said. "I don't think the removal, said Bill Properzio, UF's environasbestos that may have been a health hazard April 21 and should take four or five weeks. Legislature ever gives anybody the amount of rmoal, aihd ill P roperzior UF -asbe t ema ave bd "I think they'll find similar things (as the money they want. But I think it's enough of a mental health and safety director. has been removed. UF study)," he said. "I don't anticipate that health issue that they're going to have to look It could take even longer if the Legislature "if it's there and not flaking off, it's not we're going to find situations presenting a at the issue of asbestos seriously." doesn't allocate sufficient funds for asbestos presenting a hazard to anyone," he said. hazard to people." At s issu rfaeas ro l U removal, he said. "Asbestos is not like radiation. Asbestos is Asbestos first surfaced as a problem at UF But before the Legislature hands out the only a hazard if it becomes airborne." After the inspections are complete, ATC in April 1982, when samples of insulation money, the Board of Regents, which oversees When asbestos ages, it dries up and begins will turn its cost estimates over to the Regents, materials from Shands Hospital were found to Florida's public universities, must know how to flake. When inhaled, asbestos particles can which will then ask the Legislature for the contain the substance. Knock, knock 1,OO more want in UF By COLIN WHITWORTH Alligator Staff Writer More high school students applied to UF this year than ever, officials said Wednesday, even though admissions standards havqytoughened. Ati meeting of UF's academic deans, Provost Robert Bryan said the university's strides to move into the upper quartile of schools nationwide has made UF attractive to more students. For four or five years, the number of applicants to UF has stayed at about 13,500, UF Registrar Vernon Voyles said. That number increased to more than 14,500 this year. And as a result of the larger applicant pool, UF's average Scholastic Aptitude Test score and grade point average may rise. Currently, UF students average 1090 on the Scholastic Aptitude Test and a 3.4 GPA. Bryan said those figures may rise to 1 100 and 3.5, respectively. Voyles said the increase in the applicants and standards is part of a trend UF has experienced for several years, each fueling the other. "That's a high level of study," he said. "High school students are influenced by those numbers. They see other smart students going here and decide this must be the place. "When you get scores that high, it is hard to get better," Voyles said. UF was admitted into the Association of American Universities last year, becoming the 57th school to enter the organization. Voyles said this did wonders for UF's reputation. In January, the Florida Board of Regents approved a move to strengthen admissions standards statewide. State University System Chancellor Charlie Reed said the increase was part of a larger effort to bring Florida's entire academic system into the upper quartile of schools. Previously.students were required to carry a 2.OGPA and an 840 SAT score. Now students must graduate from high school with a 2.5 GPA and 900 scor! on the SAT. Although UF's average was already well above that, many students were admitted with scores ranging near the minimum requirement. Under the toughened requirements, those students who would have barely madethe cut will be denied, thus raising the average scores. Voyles said the tougher standards, the entrance into the AAU, its growing National Merit Scholars program and the large number of eminent scholar chairs UF has established all lend to its reputation of academic excellence. "Good students want to study at a good university with good faculty members," Voyles said. "That is how many see us., FRESHMEN APPLICATIONS 14,500 Appficatons for enterng feshmen reached its high 1,000 over hot ear'sfigure13500 DRENA FAGEN/ALLUGATOR Squeeze this Orange Gene Shuler of the Animal Retirement Village gives 0 nge, the tiger, a hug. Orange is one of over 100 animals in the village. See relatedstefy-onp. 13. Shalloway: Blame overbilling for mismanagement of -Accent funds By SHARON KENNEDY Alligator Writer Former Accent Chairman Mark Shalloway, blamed with mismanaging more than $10,000 in the SG speakers' bureau's funds, Wednesday said he found billing mistakes and unauthorized expenditures which he says clear him of $3,000 of that. "When I left my office there was a $3,000 buffer for the next chairman to work with," Shalloway said. "I think the unauthorized bills put us in the red." Last week, Accent Chairman Lloyd Gilick found the organization, which brings speakers like sex therapist Dr. Ruth Westheimer and author Norman Mailer toUF,more than $10,000 in the red. The Student Senate voted Tuesday night to bail Accent out of its debt of $10,361.81. Shalloway said he found almost $3,000 in billing mistakes from the O'Connell Center and UF's Technical Services Office and may find more. The Technical Services Office provides labor and equipment for shows and concerts at UF. Neither O'Connell Center nor Technical Services billing officials could comment on Shalloway's charges because he has not brought his questions to them yet. One $400 mistake in billing for sound equipment, however, has been corrected, Shallowav said. "The O'Connell Center and the Technical Services Office may have charged us for things that weren't done or charged us twice," Shalloway said Wednesday. For example, Shalloway said he was charged for ushers and ticket-takers at the Norman Mailer speech -neither of which were requested or needed. Accent's Vice Chairwoman Liz Lanahan, who worked on Shalloway's staff,said ticket-takers were not needed at the Norman Mailer show because no tickets were needed for admittance. If the questions Shalloway has raised turn out to be billing mistakes, Accent will still be $7,000 in debt until it receives its bail-out check from SG. "I just hope I'm not crucified before I have a chance to correct this bill," Shalloway said. "What we need to find out is who screwed up. Is it the system or Mark or both?" said Student Sen. Tom Armstrong, chairman of a senate committee appointed to investigate Accent's financial situation and suggest methods of reform. Shalloway could be taken to the Student Honor Court on the grounds he spent more money than he was budgeted. But overspending a budget is common and too much of a gray area to get into, committee member Sen. Marla Dolan said. "What we need is some kind of policy to make outgoing chairmen responsible for their administration," Student Body Treasurer Brad Walker said. Shalloway is pointing his finger at people "to shift the blame away from himself," Student Senate President Howard Schechter said. "Now that they are $10,000 in the hole Shalloway finds'out that they were double billed two months ago," see Accent, page 15 

PAGE 2

2 aligator thurtataml 3. 1986 Senate: ODK will keep Gator Card Stunt By SHARON KENNEDY Alligator Writer It took five months, a court trial and endless bickering and political infighting, but Omicron Delta Kappa honorary will keep the Gator Card Stunt. Student senators voted 27-19 against a proposal by the senate's Investigation and Information Committee to take responsibility for the stunt away from ODK in a roll call vote Tuesday night. During the stunt, football fans hold up cards to create pictures and words. The senators also doled out almost $15,000 to four student groups including the Billy Mitchell Drill Team, an architecture college lecture series and a student bike team. Harrison took the senate to Student Honor Court last semester after it voted to take responsibility for the stunt away from ODK. The court ruled the I and I committee had not followed correct procedure in its investigation. Applicants for Union director narrowed to 4 By MARK BRIDGWATER Alligator Staff Writer A UF search committee has whittled down the number of applicants vying for the job of Reitz Union director from 92 to four and turned the list over to Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen for final consideration. Sandeen, unavailable for comment Wednesday, will begin interviewing the fourincluding current Union Assistant Director John Neely-on April 14. The new union chief will start work Aug. 1, overseeing the Union's 100-member staff and $3 million budget. The position will pay between $29,380 and $52,900 a year. Retiring Union Director Bill Rion was listed in UF's 1984 operating budget report as earning $40,916. UF has been looking for a new Union chief since December, when Rion. 61, announced he would retire in July. Rion has worked for UF since 1945. The candidates are: 0 Daniel Adams, whose resume lists his "I feel like I just wasted five months (as chairman of the I and I committee) of my time on petty politics," said senate President Pro Tempore Debbie Wasserman. During the meeting, Senate President Howard Schechter announced that Brian Feldman, Beach party chairman during 'I feel like /just wasted five months of my time on petty politics." -Debbie Wassernan Student Senate Pro Tempore and subcommittee chairman this spring's Student Government election, was appointed senate parliamentarian. Feldman is not allowed to debate or speak during senate meetings unless called upon to interpret Robert's Rules of Order or the Student Senate Codifications if there is a dispute current job as the director of the West Virginia University student union, which has a $6 million budget and 325 employees. Adams said he had a "number of reasons" for wanting to move to Florida, including having relatives in Kissimmee. "The climate is very nice," Adams also said. 0 David Johnson, who is currently the student union director at Wayne State University in Detroit, according to his resume. That union has a $2 million budget and more than 13,000 people walk through its doors. Johnson said the move to UF would be a challenge. "It's a promotional move to a larger campus. It's a step up for me,'he said. M David Kratzer, who says he is the student union director at MurrayState University in Kentucky. Its union, the Curris Center, has a budget of $1.5 million and a staff of 27 full-time employees. Kratzer was out of town Wednesday and could not be reached for comment. John Neely, who has been assistant director of the Reitz Union since September 1970 and Union business manager for more than four years before that. Neely was present when the Union first opened its doors in 1967. Neely said he plans "no drastic changes" in the Union's future, since he has worked with Rion on the present Union facilities. over procedure. Because Feldman has been active in party politics, he said he was worried there would be some opposition to his appointment. Feldman can be removed from office by a two-thirds vote of the senate, but Schechter said if that happens he will reappoint him. Sen. Joey Hernandez was appointed to the Budget and Finance Committee even though he was not present in the chamber at the time. Feldman, as parliamentarian, said it was legal, "but not too kosher." Roger Studley was voted into the senate for the District III seat, but senators in the back of the room complained they did not know what they were voting for. Schechter told those senators, "If you guys are not going to listen and you talk, then that's your problem." Spring Arts Festival 300 artists to exhibit this weekend By BRAD BUCK Ahgator Staff Witer Gainesville Area Chamber of Commerce officials are hoping this weekend brings a repeat of last weekend's sunny weather so people can enjoy the 17th Annual Spring Arts Festival. The last couple of years, the arts festival has been interrupted periodically by rain, Chamber Executive Vice President Chuck McKeown said. The forecast is calling for a chance of rain Saturday and sunny skies Sunday. The festival runs Saturday from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Sunday from I p.m. to 6 p.m. on Northeast First Street, from Northeast Second Avenue to Northeast Eighth Avenue. This year'sfestival will host 300 pre-selected artists in the biggest display of talent in north Florida, festival Coordinator Michael Bates said. In its first year, 1970, the festival attracted 80 artists and an estimated 500 spectators. Over the years, the festival has grown to attract distinguished artists from all over the United States, Canada and England. More than 80,000 people viewed the art works last year. And all those people coming to Gainesville should bring money here. "We're going to try to assess the economic impact" for the first time at this year's festival, McKeown said. "We don't know precisely how many people come from out of town." Gainesville's Spring Arts Festival is becoming a nationally known cultural event, he said. The artists will be judged in two categories: two-dimensional, which includes paintings, graphics, drawings and photography, and three-dimensional, which includes fiber, wood, clay, metal and glass. First place for each category is worth $700. The festival also includes a "kiddie art area," youth art and a children's emporium, all of which are devoted to children's art. Continuous free entertainment will be provided both days by dance and music groups. UF fraternities and sororities also are participating, operatingCoke booths as part of their community service projects. Cowc~ Hippodrome actor Michael Crider was incorrectly identified in a photo caption in Wednesday's Alligator volume 79 number 125 alligator News Room 376-4458 Editor. ..Salhe Hughes Photo Editor Managing Editor Mark Southgate Opinions Editor .. News Editors .Mickte Anderson Sportis Editor Greg Lamm,,Susan Purtic Art Director Special Project Editors. Features Editor Mark BridgwaterMark Worth Display Advertising 376-4482 Advertising Director ... Retail Advertising Manager Advertising Secretary Sales Representatives COndy Arnidt Paul Gianneschi Courtney Brow Kevin Hoffman Tracy GaShe Richard Ivey LaUra Geigle Jeff Kremer Classified Advertising 373-FIND Clasi fied Supervisor. Operations 373-9926 Operation Manager PrOduCtion Manager Advertising Production Supervsor Assiwtant Supervisor Asistant Supervisor F tor ial Produton Supervisor Assistant Supervisor Assistant Supervisor. ITvpesetting Supervisor. Assistant Supervisor Circulation Manager Ayasiant Circulation Mr Business 376-4446 .-Susan Gardner .Bonnie Glazer .MarionManuel ..Scott Baker .Matt Holland ..Tricia Carey .Michele Browder .Debbie Moran Terry Rhein Jody Schlesinger John Sherry Jeff Weibel .Jayne Murphy .Suzy Martin .Bryce Taylor Monette Helgeson .Susan Payne David L Pieribone .Ellen Baisley .Lyle Fried .Steve Scott .Amy Wutka Barry Lupinacci BRonnie Combs .Joe Curbelo Virginia Carroll ..C E Barber Ihe Itdepenientf Horida IIiautor is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a non profit 501 (c) (3) educational organization.Campus Commtincations, Inc P 0 Box 14257, Gainesville. FL 32064 lhrAlligaloris published Mondaythrough Ftriday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods During UF SMMer academic terms,-the lfigatr is published Tuesdays and Thursdays Ihe Ifigaor is a member of the American Newspaper Publishers Association, Asociated Collegiate Press and Southern University Newspapers Subscription Rates One Semester (Fall or Spring) Two Semesters (Fall & Spring) Summer Semester. Full Year (All Semesters). .1500 .$2900 .$800 .$3500 I he -11ligalor offices are located at 1 105 W University Ave Classified advertising can be placed at thatalocation from 8 a m to 4 p m Monday through Friday.except for holidays Classifieds can also be placed at the UF Campus Shops and Bookstores at the Hub. Shands. Towers, at the cashier's office of the Reitz Unon and off-campus at The Smoker s Den, Briar Patch. and all Chesnut Office Equipment Co locations in Gainesville All ights are reserved No portion of .i, 4Ai&,romaybe reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Commurications, Inc i Sul a c" 1 I i | | 

PAGE 3

Grad assistants still debating contract By JOHN A. NAGY Alligator Staff Writer Graduate assistants bargaining for a new contract with the Board of Regents are disappointed with the Regents' latest proposal and say they will continue negotiations. The latest proposal for the Graduate Assistants Union's two-year contract calls for a 3 percent across-the-board raise in salary and a 1.25 percent discretionary raise. The new proposal does not include tuition waivers. The graduate assistants are asking for a $5,000-a-year minimum salary, a 10 percent raise over current earnings and a waiver of tuition and fees. "Tuition waivers are the main issue," GAU bargaining team member Kyle Pakka said. Pakka, a graduate assistant in the English department at UF, said tuition waivers would be like a raise because that would be about $1,000 graduate 16-year-old By MARGIE OISTER Police a Alligator Staff Writer linger's sus Chevron r An Alachua County grand jury attorney u on Wednesday indicted a Gainesville teen-ager on charges of armed William robbery for the burglary of a MicanCharles Br opy Chevron station. the grand j The grand jury normally indicts older. The people accused of capital crimes prosecuted including murder and rape but not Bellinge of lesser crimes such as robbery. But occurred, in the case of Moses Bellinger, the ment with State Attorney's office sought a one count grand jury indictment in order to firearm an prosecute Bellinger as an adult. while com assistants wouldn't have to pay each year. money to grant tuition waivers and probably will Roger Drury, president of the GAU, which continue to do so this year. represents 2,500 graduate assistants at UF and But when it comes to cooperation over the the University of South Florida, said he was GAU contract, both sides are still far apart. The disappointed the Regents' bargaining team didn't GAU bargaining team also is debating the Remention tuition increases. gents' proposal for the discretionary raise. "I'm hoping we can get some serious proposals Drury said the Regents' offer of a discretionary soon," Drury said. raise does not belong in the contract since the But Jim Parry, the Regents' director of human decision is up to the universities which graduate resources, said tution waivers weren't mentioned assistants get raises. because there is no pioney allocated to grant Negotiations resume on April 12 in Tallawaivers. The Board of Regents is the 13-member hassee. Pakka said the GAU is not in a hurry to panel that decides p9licy for the state's nine accept a package. universities. acp akg. "We're not funded to grant tuition waivers," The GAU contract does not expire until 1987, Parry said. "We cannot sit down and offer but parts of the contract are open for negotiation money we don't have. You also can't take each year. Drury said he probably would ask for (money) out of other revenues to cover an arbitrator to enter the negotiations if an waivers." agreement cannot be reached with the Regents. Parry said the Regents and the GAU have "I'm pretty sure though we'll come up with worked in the past to lobby state legislators for some type of agreement," he said. to be tried as adult lso arrested three of Belispected accomplices in the obbery, an assistant state aid. Gandy, Larry Strong and sister were not indicted by ury because all were 16 or three, all 17 or 18, will be d as adults also. r, 15 when the burglary is charged in the indicttwo counts of grand theft, each of robbery with a Ld possession of a firearm mitting a felony. Assistant State Attorney Greg McMahon said law enforcement agencies suspect Bellinger in at least four other Alachua County robberies in January and February. Policecarrested Bellinger onsFeb. 20 after chasing him from the scene of the Micanopy Chevron station robbery. The indictment charges Bellinger stole a 1979 Dodge Diplomat from Gainesville Dodge, 1515 N. Main St., on the day of the robbery, records show. The indictment also charges that Bellinger stole a .45-caliber pistol before Feb. 20 that he used in the Chevron station robbery. McMahon said Bellinger stole about $200 from the Chevron before police chased him down in the stolen Dodge. Police first suspected Bellinger was involved in robberies when they spotted him during a surveillance of Bellinger's older brother and a group of his friends. Bellinger's brother and at least three others were charged with a series of robberies about two weeks before the younger Bellinger's arrest. I I P LAN YOUR CAREER MOVES CAREFULLY Applications for Advertising Account Executives are now being accepted for Sumnuer and Fall positions. Tom's Records. Complete line of new & used records. Following new albums Only $4.99 with coupon. Eurythmics -Be Yourself Tonight Stevie NicksRock a Little Iron Eagle -Soundtrack John Lennon -Live in New York City (LP/Cass) Iron Maiden -Live After Death (Cass only) Power Station -Power Station Starship -Knee Deep in the Hoopla Elton John -Ice on Fire Violent Femmes -The Blind Leading the Naked (Cassette Only) The Cure -Head on the Door (Cassette only) Only one LP per coupon expires-4/7/86 Upstairs at 1642 W. UnIv. Ave. (Across from UF Plaza) Prepare for the ion haul withthe best education and training for a fulfifling future. 1105 W. University Ave. Apply In person deadline: Friday 4/11 AA/EOE aOW&ALE t4,9 ScItutdY APT" 12, A986 C tX p MI 10 .M.Student Government Productions and The Caribbean Students Association -pri5i tm, 1986, at 2:U pm -Free Admission *University of Florida Bandshell, Gainesville 'Free trip for 2 to Jamaica to be given away the day of the show (courtesy of University City Travel) 'Jamaican chicken will be available Making waves SHA. R"^" /A"'^GATO Mwgames with a parachute on the Union's north lawn TuesStudents in Jeff Zeiger's Intro. to Recreation class play day. They say they are a very unified group. alhaator. thu rsdtq 3;l1QA' i gIIC~LF I b dy aprl J, IZj$, UF requests more money for programs By COLIN WHITWORTH Alligator Staff Writer UF will ask the Florida Legislature to approve a' permanent funding plan for the Eminent Scholars Program and to pass UF President Marshall Criser's enrollment reduction plan, UF's lobbyist said Wednesday. University Relations Vice President Al Alsobrook also said he will push for the Florida Board of Regents' 15 percent tuition increase and more money to enhance academics. At a meeting of UF's Council of Academic Deans, Alsobrook explained that because the Legislature's current method of matching Eminent Scholars donations is insufficient, it needs to use funds carried over from the previous year's budget. If someone donates at least $600,000 to a university, the Legislature must match it with $400,000. Over the past several years, however, a lack of money has made that hard to do. "We could fill 11 or 12 chairs now if the Legislature had the money," he said. Alsobrook also wants Criser's plan to reduce UF's enrollment by 1,500 students over the next three years passed. Under the plan, UF would reduce its enrollment by 500 a year, but still receive the money the state would have provided if those students were attending the university. UF would get even more money if the Legislature approves the Regents' proposal to increase tuition 75 percent over the next five years, starting with a 15 percent jump in lower division tuition next fall. Alsobrook said the increase is needed to improve the state university system. Of any of UF's requests, the tuition hike is the one that probably will experience the most resistance, as student groups have said they will fight it, he said. In another effort to improve academics, Alsobrook said UF is seeking to create a university employee license plate for each school. At a cost of $25 apiece, the proceeds from the plates would go to the respective universities for improvement of their academic programs. m 0 W*m LM j 

PAGE 4

4, alligator, thursday april 3, 1986 KYL campus SAVANT SILLINESS Savant leadership society will host its fifth annual Battle of the Politicos on Sunday, April 6. Campus organizations are invited to compete and attempt to unseat last year's champion, Student Traffic Court. Events, including tug-of-war and musical chairs, will take place on Lake Alice Field from I p.m. to 5 p.m. Proceeds from the event benefit the Adam Walsh Foundation for locating missing children. Other organizations going for the gold in the egg toss and three-legged relay include Student Government. Savant. College Democrats, Inter-Residence Hall Association and the Board of College Councils. state LIFESAVING SAND ST. PETERSBURG Thomas DeMartino, 36, was in stable condition Wednesday at Bayfront Medical Center with injuries suffered when he was run over by a car while sunbathing on a be-ich near his home. PoliceOfficer Pete Foreman said DeMartino and his wife were sunbathing on the beach Tuesday when a woman backing up her car ran over him. "The 20%ffi All Alterations Same Day Service Across from Campus NINA'S 1636 W. Univ. 37S-6462 coupon must be presented when dropping off garments FREE PREGNANCY TESTS individual Professional (Licensed CGy ,necologist) Birth Control Clinic *',einanouTeminationi 378-9191 1905 N 1W 1h St. Suie 3 Across from G H S hie s ANU %-,M I-q Blast kills 4 on TWA jet ATHENS, Greece A bomb tore through the passenger cabin of a TWA jetliner 15,000 feet over Greece on Wednesday, killing four people who were sucked through a gaping hole before the pilot made an emergency landing. A pro-Libyan terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack. "I wasjust sitting there when a piece of flesh landed in my lap," said passenger Sarah Tittle, 24, of New York. The dead included a Colombian-born U.S. citizen, two Greek women and a Greek infant. The bodies were found by a shepherd in the village of Statheika, 65 miles southwest of Athens on Greece's southern peninsula, Greek television said.4, At least nine other passengers were injured when the bomb, which police said may have been hidden in a passenger's hand luggage, exploded inside the Boeing 727 as it was en route from Rome to Athens and Cairo, Egypt, officials said. A TWA spokeswoman in New York said most of the 114 passengers and seven crew aboard the plane were Americans. In Washington, State Department officials said it had no confirmed evidence the explosion was caused by a terrorist bomb, but FBI agents and Federal Aviation Administration officials hurried to Athens to help Greek authorities determine the cause. TWA President Richard Pearson said the pilot, Capt. Richard Petersen of Sarasota, Fla., made an emergency landing at Hellinikon International airport in Athens, despite a 3by-3-foot hole in the right side of the plane that caused a loss of cabin pressure. "There was no panic among the passengers or crew," Pearson said in New York, adding that the landing was "normal, routine" and "very uneventful ...thank God." Petersen, the pilot, radioed the Athens control tower that he had a "failure of pressurization" after the explosion, which occurred 12 minutes before the plane was scheduled to land, airport officials said. The bombing came only days after Libyan leader Col. Moammar Khadafy had urged attacks on U.S. government and commercial targets in retaliation for U.S. attacks on Libyan military targets during the Gulf of Sidra dispute last week. In an interview with UPI at his compound on the outskirts of Tripoli, Libya, Khadafy denied any involvement in the bombing. "I am completely against any action like this. This is an act of terrorism against a civilian target and I am totally against this," he said. "And of course I reject this." "We do not attack civilian targets," he said. car's wheel rolled over his head and stopped nesday he will ask the Legislature when it on his chest," Foreman said. "The wheel convenes this month to appropriate $2 milpushed his head into the sand.If it wasn't for lion to create a statewide anti-terrorism unit the sand, he might not have made it." within the Florida Department of Law Enfor*GRAHAM'STERRORISTFIGHT cement. "Florida is vulnerable to acts of ORLANDO Gov. Bob Graham said Wedterrorism," Graham said. DEADLY EXPLOSIONS LEBANON, Tenn. -A series of explosions ripped through a business near the town square Wednesday, killing at least two people and injuring others, authorities said. "The Civil Defense has reported two fatalities," said James Francis, spokesman for the Tennessee Emergency Management Agency. Police said the explosion occurred at a building housing the Hester Battery Co. BACK TO SCHOOL r4OHANNESBURG, South Africa Thousands of black children Wednesday ended a two-year political boycott of schools. Teachers in ghettos around Johannesburg and Pretoria said the turnout appeared to be near normal levels. About 1,500 teachers, parents and pupils voted Sunday at a National Education Crisis Conference in Durban to end political boycotts that have disrupted teaching in segregated black schools since 1984. This page compiledbySarah Duran from UPI and staff reports. 4 SOMEONE TO T Its the Today*Sponge.And unlike most The Sponge ms fective as contraceptives, it has its very own hone 91%* In &ct, tho re brtiethod number. You can call our Today Taline at the Pill or IU IS mor.ct.ve.And few 800-223-2329 (in California 800-222-2329) are easier to use. 24 hours a day if you need advice, or any AlyoudotswetTheSponge information about birth controlOr if you with water and itwertitu never hai t have any questions at all about The Sponge" apply or reapply spernieide.So e Chances are, you already know the can be sponaneousaeofinte iptins Today Spon s small, disposable and very What's more, u don' need a docto' easy to use. But you may be wQndering prescription for Te Sponge. t's available at how it works. your local drug store at selected Primarily, The Sponge works by releasig supermarketsa Nonoxynol-9 (a safe and effective spermicide) So if you're looking for an easy birth continuously for 24 hours.It also helps control method youcanreAytrustpicupthe block the passage of sperm to the uterus, Toda Sponge. and even traps and absorbs sperm. For a en if you still have any quesios just full 24 hours. pick up the phone. Our 1986 color catalog features many of the most innovative new products in bicycling. Together with dozens of tips to increase your riding enjoyment. To get your free catalog, call tollfree anytime HOT GEAR. Theadvantageisobvious' s 1986 VI sae is ader np and The sponge is a trademark of VL Corp I 

PAGE 5

Shands needs funds to By COLIN WHITWORTH Alligator Staff Writer State legislators and county administrators are working to solve Shands Hospital's problem with funding indigent care, including asking the Legislature for more money and more health care programs to help the poor. Last year, Shands provided $33 million worth of free care, with the state and paying patients picking up the tab. But a gradual increase in the number of patients whose bills are paid by Health Maintenance Organizations has put that reimbursement in jeopardy, officials say. Of the $33 million in uncompensated care, the state gave Shands $9 million. The rest -$24 million-was taken from county government donations and a fee added to paying patients' bills. HMOs are organizations to which people pay a flat fee to take care of their health costs, no matter how much health care they receive. The problem is that HMOs are reluctant to have their clients pay the added tax for indigent care that hospitals automatically add to paying patientsbills, and which amount to27 percent of each bill. HMOs say their clients should not be required to carry the burden of health care for the indigent. Shands Planning Director Steve Sloate said HMOs do this to remain competitive in the market place. But the problem is not new, Rep. Sam Bell says. In fact, he said, the problem has grown so large that he is not sure there is a solution. "The federal government is probably going to drop Medicaid because of GrammRudman," Bell said. "It is only going to get worse. improve indigent care Medicaid is a program for senior citizens she said. First, the Legislature could approt who fall into a certain income category. In rate more money, although she said that Florida it is a $1 billion program. with the always difficult. federal government paying $600 million and Second, Brown said, several legislators ai the state the rest. -working to set up projects to provide prim Bell says Florida will not be able to pick ary, or preventive, care care that is muc up that $600 million tab if the government less expensive in the long run. stops payment, leaving even more people "If we can present people from getting t 'needing indigent care. more advanced stages of illness, swe can sav money."1 she said. To try and help, Bell is working on a But nothing yet has been done. In th House committee that wants to identify who meantime, Shands is going to all 16 counties is considered indigent in Florida. He said the in the Health and Rehabilitative Services 3r committee will report to the Legislature next district for more donations. Currently, Al year and it is hoped some action will be chua County is the oni one that contribute taken. and it is considering raising its contribution Alachua County Commissioner Leveda Both Bell and Sloate say if nothing is cloni Brown said there isn't much the Legislature then Shands swill hare to cut dos n on fre can do, mostly because of the problem's care to the poor. magnitude. "You're going to have a lot of people n But there are some things that will help, coered." Bell said. A barber runs for Congress By BRAD BUCK Alligator Staff Writer A 36-year-old barber from Floral City, in Citrus County, has announced he's running for the 6th Congressional District seat currently held by Kenneth "Buddy" MacKay. Winn Webb, who has no political experience, is running for the Republican congressional nomination. MacKay is aDemocrat who has been in the U.S. House three years. So far, neither candidate has any opposition for his party's nomination, although Leesburg City Commissioner Bob Lovell, a Republican, will probably announce his candidacy soon, MacKay said. Webb's campaign announcement is aimed directly at MacKay, who Webb says "seems to be more concerned with the civil rights of the Sandinista government (in Nicaragua) than the civil rights of America's unborn." Even though Webb has no experience in public policy matters, MacKay is taking him seriously. Webb blasted MacKay on the budget. saying his answer to solving the federal budget problem is to raise taxes. But MacKay said he has not advocated raising taxes and supports an across-the-board spending freeze as well as the Gramm-Rudman balanced budget amendment. "I don't know how you can be much more conservative than that," he said. SG private 'rap' cut short By MARK BRIDGWATER Alligator Staff Writer It was "just a rap session." That's what Student Body President Pam Bingham called a meeting between herself and three other SG elected officials in her office Wednesday afternoon. Student Senate President Howard Schechter said he wanted to discuss SG's response to the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences' recent change in its admission policy. The Liberal Arts and Sciences college raised its GPA admissions requirement from 2.0 to 2.8 in January, possibly forcing as many as 600 students out of the college. Associate Liberal Arts and Sciences Dean Wayne Losano said later the rule scared away "closet majors," or students in the college who are trying to improve their GPAs so they can be admitted to other collegesand that"true"liberal arts majors who already had been studying liberal arts subjects could be admitted to the college with less than a 2.8 GPA. Schechter, Student Body Vice President Russ Bergin and Student Senate President Pro Tempore Debbie Wasserman began to talk about some possible action in response to the college's decision, but they stopped when they were told the meeting was open under Florida's Government-in-theSunshine Law and that their plans would be made public before the group had a chance to present them to UF Provost Robert Bryan on April 10. Under Florida's Sunshine Law, a meeting of two or more elected officials is considered open to the public, and anything said during the meeting becomes public record. Bingham said the meeting was originally set to "prioritize" the group's plans on issues such as funding for the Stephen C. O'Connell Center, 24-hour study halls during final exams this semester and proposed tuition hikes that go before the Legislature this spring. b d h.MIKE STOCKER A boy and his dog Andre D'elena, 12, and his dog Princess enjoy an after-school romp in a field near his house. Andre attends Lincoln Middle School. Big Guy calls order Deans meet, taunt Bryan By COLIN WHITWORTH Alligator Staff Writer UF provost Robert Bryan began Wednesday'smeeting of UF's academic deans with, "Welcome to the first meeting of the revolutionary council. You can pick up your flame throwers and guns outside." Throughout the meeting, the deans addressed Bryan as "Moammar" and "Big Guy," and feared reprisal if they spoke up. But in reality there were no flame throwers and guns. The scene was the result of an Alligatorstory printed in its April Fools edition, in which Bryan was portrayed as taking control away from UF President Marshall Criser and ordering the paving of Lake Alice. "I wonder how many shoes he has in his closet," UF's Latin American Studies Director Terry McCoy said at the dean's meeting. "Probably about 38 pairs." another dean responded, drawing laughter. "All boat shoes." McCoy referred to the United States government's finding of more than 3,000 pairs of shoes in deposed President Ferdinand Marcos' luggage, shoes owned by his wife. Gene Hemp, Bryan's assistant, said similar jokes went around the office Tuesday and Wednesday as wells "He (Bryan) liked the story," Hemp said, "but was upset that Moammar was spelled wrong." Hemp said he especially liked McCoy's joke about the shoes but said, "If you look in his (Bryan's) closet, you probably won't find many shoes." Bryan was unavailable for comment Wednesday. I. a gaour, t urs ay apr 13, 1vo pi s ,re 'nLh to ve he es rd ic. All tn thi rcaa d ril 3 1 )Ri5 p 

PAGE 6

6. alligator. thursday april 3, 1986 p i i alligator hiidori SALIAEl h UGHES .anatii lplg I5' I d'" MARK SOUTHGATE Opisni % d or BONNIE GLAZER Letters Policy C. K~*. -*01, Blockheads It would be nice to believe UF administrators responded to the needs of UF students. It also would be nice to believe in Santa Claus. The near-paving of the Plaza of the Americas and the attitudes expressed by some UF officials call into ouestio i just how much UF administrators care what the students think. After all, if the original plans had gone through, UF students would be eating Krishna lunches on the Parking Lot of the Americas. All paved over during spring break, when no one was here to say anything about it. In fact, the stakes were being hammered into the ground to mark where the 31 -foot-wide squares of concrete were to be. But within three hours, Lee Fearn and Karl Mueller collected 360 signatures refuting the assertion that UF students want an oasis of cement. We think if the markers had been pounded Thursday instead of Friday, Fearn and Mueller could have collected at least 10 times the number they got Friday. We think UF administrators really missed the boat when they thought students want more concrete at UF. They weren't even on the dock. When the group of students went to Tigert Hall on the Friday before break, University Relations Vice President Al Alsobrook asked, "Why would anyone be against it?" They were then offered the lame excuse that since the 17.000 square feet of cement would not be elevated, it would be "landscaping" and didn't need to go through Campus Planning and A ssembls. Yeah., sure. But the quote of the week comes from Richard Cremer, director of UF's Physical Plant. "If it was up to me," Cremer said, "I'd like to have the concrete in the ground right now." That's great, Mr. Cremer. What about the 35,000 students at this university who enjoy the plaza because it is one of the only places on campus that is not paved? If it were up to us, we would declare the plaza a sanctuary for the students. And no concrete would be allowed near the plaza. Thankfully, there is a chance to supply student input into this lunacy. A meeting will be held next week, administrators haven't set the time. You'll hear from us as soon as it is announced. Make yourselves heard, and let's halt this plan. Lip Service It is true that much of the nuclear reduction rhetoric exchanged by the two superpowers is just that .rhetoric. But s hen good idea comes along and Ronald Reag an shoots it dos o sw ithout a good reason, sout can Understtand why there is such tension bet ween the Americans and the Soviets. Soviet Leader Mikhail Gorbachev proposed a meeting with Reagan to discuss a test ban treaty. He didn't demand that Reagan dismantle the Star Warrs system. He didn't ask to remove one missile. He didn't suggest anything other than discussing a test ban. Reagan said no, once again proving that his anti-nuclear rhetoric is nothing but lip service. When it comes to actually doing something, he is not going to budge. By the way, the U.S. is planning a test this month, and the Soviets have said they will not keep extending their own moratorium if we continue with the test. A nd should they'? Seems a president with a real interest in reducing nuclear threat might chat with the leader of the Soviet Union. Is that much to ask, considering the consequences'? Spring break should Spring break every year has the possibility of being a fine strategy for stress management. I say "possibility" because so many of us overload ourselves on our vacations that we have to ask, "Are we having fun yet?" A week's vacation can give us the time offjust to relax and rejuvenate ourselves, take life at a slower pace, no schedule to meet. That leaves room for spontaneity--freedom to try something new, be with friends on the spur of the moment, to say "no" to the same old routine. However, too many of us take that much-needed time for rest and relaxation to play catch up, doing all the things we have been putting off. I fail to understand how school systems, the university included, can schedule exams following a major break. Have people forgotten what their own student days were like? Ending our personal procrastination is one way of reducing stress. But w-iuldn't it also be more humane it academic policy-makers amended schedules so that students and faculty alike could benefit from the real purpose of spring break? So that our time off serves the purpose of regeneration, here are some things to consider so that we don't have to take a vacation after our vacation. I prefer to think about humar needs in a holistic framework; one that recognizes us as physical, emotional, mental and spiritual beings. We can manage stress or reduce it in any of these aspects by our choices. On the physical level, vacation time can provide extra res or it can keep us on the go and up so late that we are exhausted for days or weeks later. We can attend to nutritional needs b3 eating well and leisurely, or we can exist on soda, chips and pizza. Increasing consumption of alcohol, a depressant, oi other drugs also costs us in decreased energy levels and per thiamin, zinc, ire While this statete letters stitutents are re other sources as m cans are not dyinj ciencies; they a numbers, from ca Ads falsely proclaim lar diseases. Alth ducts and eggs ci health value of meat amino acids to c Editor: Recently the National Liveplete proteins," stock and Meat Board launched a maswell. In fact mos sive publicity campaign to boost its sagtimes the amoun ging sales by improving the image of tieter aamndt meat and making it more appealing to per day, and thi health-conscious American consumers. -osteoporosis and Its advertising, however, is highly deThe residues o ceptive. The promotional ads and nutriand antibiotics i tion labels obscure meat's faults while tional health is heralding its strengths. Washington, D.( The newest pitch asserts that beef has and Drug Admini "no more cholesterol than chicken." ted they are "ur While that may be true, the major probwidespread abus lem isn't simply dietary cholesterol -agriculture. Onl it's saturated fat. According to Nutridrugs currentlyi iion Action, the newsletter of the Center ed. Of those not for Science in the Public Interest, "In the leave residues in typical American diet, saturated fat coning birth defects, tributes about twice as much cholesterol eat them. Recen to the bloodstream as does cholesterol in nomic Commun] foods." The meat industry states that 3 tion of Americat ounces of lean beef contain 4.8 grams of Market because staturated fat. They don't tell you that 3 for human const ounces of flounder contain only 0.3 When you co grams or one-sixteenth as much. severe detrimei Furthermore, the nutrition informaindustry and its tion in the new ads is based on a 3-ounce has on the enviro serving that has been meticulously trion, soil erosion trimmed to remove every bit of visible we need to ask fat. This is far less than the 4.7 ounces worth it?" the average American eats at one sitting. w The ads also point out that meat is a rich source of protein, riboflavin, niacin, Reg MEET lIt SRRTSMAN: EmYass. be stress reliever : i .3 .RN MM M highlights haps in undesirable behavior. It takesdayssometimes weeks, to detoxify. Vacations sometimes are an emotional exercise in collaboration or negotiation as we seek a balance between our own desires about how to spend time and the desires of others. It's a good time to be assertive about your own needs and say 'No' f when you have had enough. f Mentally, we want to be alert, intelligent people and leave oureverydayoccupationsand preoccupationsbehind. It'scounterproductive to worry about the paper due when the needed materials aren't even with you. e I mean our values system when I talk about the spiritual level--all the behaviors thatenhance self-respect.Onvacation it's tempting to try out behaviors you'd never dream of doing -back home. Whether "caught" or not, we know that we have e acted in contradiction to our principles, and our stress is increased as we experience a reduction in self-esteem. A How we manage time off makes a difference in our quality of life. We have choices. y Pamela Olcott is the director ofA ddictions Outreach Center. r Your questions are welcome and can be sent to Olcott in care of The Alligator. on and vitamin B-1 2. ent is true, these conadily available from ell. The fact is, Amerig from nutritional defiLre dying, in record ncer and cardiovascuough meat, milk proontain all the essential qualify them as "comimple combinations of will provide these as Lt Americans get 2 to 3 t of protein they need s increases the risk of kidney dysfunction. f chemicals, hormones n meat raise an addisue. At a hearing in C., this past July, Food istration officials admitable to cope with the e" of drugs in animal y 2,500 of the 20,000 n use have been approvapproved, 3,500 may meat capable of causand cancer in those who tly, the European Ecoity banned the importan meat to the Common officials found it unfit umption. mbine all this with the stal effects the meat associated agribusiness nment(habitat destruc*n, chemical pollution), ourselves: "Is it really Patricia Sheldon istered Pharmacist SG seeks applicants Editor: Through the Student Government Cabinet, students have the opportunity to work on programs and events which further enhance our education. Pam and I are committed to providing both top quality student programs and involving a diverse cross section of the student body in SG. Next week we will be interviewing to fill 14 vacant cabinet directorships. We will be interviewing for many more program directors, assistant directors and staff in the following weeks. Applications are due Friday, April 4. Russell F. Bergin Student Body Vice President Podium, walkways not such 'evil' ideas Editor: Walking through the Plaza of the Americas the other day, I decided that it looked more like a 19th century freak show than the last place "this university will keep any semblance of humanitarianism," as one enlightened individual said. And to suggest that the plaza is "a tribute to all things that are good about mankind," as your paper does, is an affront to the two libraries adjoining the plaza. Finally, I'm not so sure Al Alsobrook's attempt to pave walkways in the plaza, along with a more organized speaker's platform, is such an evil idea after all. Many an afternoonthosestudying in one of the libraries are interrupted by the current cause's crowing from the Plaza speakers. Christopher Westley 4JM .THE NAMLRIFLE ASSOCIATON SELIEES TT NgERIMS OF SmR1MFEN NEED 1?) EPROTCTA B iIHF RUAThN OF GUNS# I 

PAGE 7

r ---mm Haagen-Dazsv.mu.m.=m. FREE BUY ONE GET ONE FREE I I SCOOP ICE CREAM SUNDAE includes 1 wet and 1 dry topping and whIpped cream IN x WE DELIVER! I not good for delivery 11802 W. University Ave. expires 4/10 373-CONE I Sm mnm mmm H agen-Dazs =======I SFMI-PDE RE CORW 4 IF YOU RENT AN APT. WITHOUT AT OURS FIRST.YOU'RE PROBABLY GOING TO PAY TOO MUCH AND GET MUCH LESS. "SUMMER SPECIAL" at LANDMARK 1 Bdr $199 -2Bdr. $269 Call 372-6535 or visit us at 1111 SW 16th Ave alligator, thursday april 3, 1986, 7 Education or elderly? Criser says state money for education may go to elderly By KAYLOIS HENRY Alligator Writer As Florida's elderly population grows, the state will need more money to maintain existing programs especially those associated with higher education, UF President Marshall Criser said Tuesday. In a speech to the Students for the Advancement of Gerontological Education, Criser said more taxes will be needed to support education, because government money in the future may shift toward services for the elderly. "Currently, funding for education in Florida is 11 percent of the state budget, a percentage that is inadequate to fund quality higher education," Criser said. "As the state continues to attract senior citizens and as they gain more financial and political clout, we run the risk of having the 11 percent reduced." Right now, Florida leads the nation in the percentage of senior citizens in the population, with 18 percent of its residents age 65 or older. This figure is expected to rise to 20 percent by the year 2000. "As our population shifts away from youth and toward senior citizens, there is also a possibility that priorities for services provided through state tax dollars will shift," Criser said. To maintain the quality of life and education in FloridaxCriser suggested that legislators consider raising taxes. In addition to quality education, Florida's universities offer research in areas of interest to the state's older population. "Health care is one obvious concern of our senior citizens," he said. "Nearly one out of every dollar in six spent by senior citizens is on health care." Blue Key picks law student for president By JOHN A. NAGY Alligator Staff Writer Florida Blue Key members selected UF law student Tim Schulte as their new president Wednesday night. Schulte, who ran against UF engineering student Robert Ogilvie, has been a Blue Key member for three years. During that time, Schulte was associate general chairman of Homecoming in 1984 and was a member of the organization's Executive Committee. Schulte said the first thing he will try to do as president is unify the organization, bringing together the four power groups within the honorary. "Florida Blue Key is often a battleground where manipulation and unprincipled practices are incited in the name of us all," Schulte wrote in a letter to members. "If elected, manipulation of our chapter will not be ignored nor go unchecked." Schulte said his second goal as president will be to improve Blue Key's public image. Blue Key has come under fire in the past from Student Government leaders for cutting deals and telling student senators how to vote. "We cannot tell our alumni, staffs, friends and ourselves that Florida Blue Key is first-rate when in the next breath we must deny our association with those of questionable intentions," Schulte said. As the third goal, Schulte said he would try to improve the programs Blue Key puts on, such as allocating more money to Homecoming 1986 and increasing the size of the Leadership Institute, the annual convention that Blue Key hosts for student leaders throughout Florida. -J _________________ __________________________ FE *Howto buyhd A ERICA N E XP RE 5S With the American Express' Card you can buy everything from new spectacles to some pretty spectacular clothing. The latest in audio equipment and the latest albums. The Card is the perfect way to pay for just about anything you'll want during college How to get the Card before you graduate. Because we believe that college is the first sign of success, we've made it easier for you to get the American Express Card. Graduating students can get the Card as soon as they accept a $10,000 career-oriented job. If you're not graduating this semester, you can apply for a special sponsored Card. Look for student applications on campus. Or call 1-800-TH -CARD, and tell them you want a student application. The American Express Card. Don't-leave school without it HOMETOWN RESTAURANT now has BREAKFAST! We are proud to announce one of the finest home-cooked breakfasts in all of Gainesville and at great prices too! 7 am -10 am, take out available THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL two eggs any style, grits or home fries, biscuit, toast or muffin, and coffee or juice only $1.99 valid through 4/11/86 STAYING IN BUSINESS SALE I! Ll 808 W. Univ. it 30% to 60% off everything* RODERICKS Established 1978 Classic Clothing for The Young Professional Fine Shoes & Sportswear Monday through Saturday 10-6 CREEKSIDE MALL 0 3501 SW 2nd Ave. 0 377-0002 North Central Florida's Clothing Leader Alterations Extra, All Sales Final 371-2106 next to Nina's Nook 

PAGE 8

8, alligator, thursday april 3, 1986 C US VETS This/Next Week TODAY "AFRICAN LITERATURE: LINKS AND CHALLENGES THE WEST" is combined African Studies and English Department seminar by Ebele Ofoma Eko, UF English Department visiting Fulbright Scholar, at 4:30 p.m. in 427 Grinter Hall. NUCLEAR ENGINEERING SEMINAR with Ian Lauchan, project manager for SLAR Ontario Hydro, a Canadian nuclear power project, discussing "Nuclear Engineering After the Major Construction Boom: The New Utility Frontier" at 3:15 p.m. in 227 Nuclear Science Center. ZOOLOGY DEPARTMENT SEMINAR by Laurel Fox, zoologist from the University of California (Santa Cruz), discussing "Defoliation of Eucalyptus in Australia: Tannins, Nitrogen & Timing" at 4 p.m. in 211 Bartram Hall East. FRIDAY NUCLEAR ENGINEERING SEMINAR features Robert Shepard, nuclear engineer with RMS Associates Inc., Cary, N.C., talking about "Safety Parameter Display Systems and the Control Room Man-Machine Interface" at 3:15 p.m. in 227 Nuclear Science Center. ENGINEERING SCIENCES SEMINAR by Dennis Bushnell, head of the NASA Viscous Flow Branch, Langley, Va., about "Turbulent Drag Reduction in the Laboratory and in Nature" at 4:05 p.m. in 303 Aerospace Engineering Building. UF MUSIC FACULTY RECITAL with Mark Ostoich, UF associate professor of music, performing a free concert of works for solo oboe at 8:15 p.m. in University Auditorium. SATURDAY MUSIC DEPARTMENT CONCERT features UF music graduate student Ruth Lewis performing solo organ works from France, Germany and Scandinavia free at 3p.m. in University Auditorium-. SUNDAY UF RENAISSANCE ENSEMBLE in free music department concert of preBaroque music, directed by UF music professor John Kitts, at 3 p.m. in University Auditorium. UF MUSIC FACULTY RECITAL by music professor Elwyn Adams performing works for violin in free concert at 8:15 p.m. in University Auditorium. MONDAY "EXPANDING YOUR POSITIVE ENERGY'' is Counseling Center Wellness Colloquium with Gainesville therapist Ann Gill at noon in 122-123 Reitz Union. CONTINUING UF ART DEPARTMENT STUDENT EXHIBIT of work in various media continues through April 13 at University Gallery, open free 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday and 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday. PUERTO RICAN ART POSTER EXHIBIT continues through April 25 at Grinter Galleries in the lobby of Grinter Hall, open 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. weekdays. HALLEY'S COMET EXHIBIT displays meteorites, fanciful spacecraft and comet sculpture through August at Florida State Museum, open free 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday and 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday. For university news: UNIVERSITY UPDATE Weekdays 5:20 p.m WRUF-FM 104 6.20 p.m. WRUF-AM 850 IIN~iI D CIT V Produced by the Division of Information and Publications Services and paid for at usual advertising rates to communicate of Florida. W. University Ave. -+ Hall Fletcher i TmHall Union Road ZFlorida b \_0 O'Connell Field Roadblock Center HereCetr 2 Roadblock I Tower 66 t A:ere ----1 Turlington Stadium Road Hall Music C HUB IBldgStadium Road-Buckman Drive Area Will Close To Traffic Starting Monday Beginning Monday, the area and intersection at Stadium Road and Buckman Drive will be closed for about 60 days due to construction on the new Engineering/Computer Sciences Building. This area is located between Turlington Hall and the HUB. Eastbound traffic on Stadium Road will be routed north on Fletcher Drive to University Avenue. Southbound traffic ol Buckman Drive will be routed west on Union Road to Fletcher Drive. Buses will be taking alternative routes, with westbound buses proceeding west on Union Road to Fletcher Drive, turning north to East/West Road and then west' to North/South Drive. Eastbound buses will travel north on Fletcher Drive to University Avenue, turn east to Buekman Drive, then south to Union Road where they will turn east. To accommodate bus traffic, parking on Fletcher Drive next to the Infirmary I and Johnson Hall will be prohibited. The No Parking zones in the Johnson Hall area I will be strictly enforced. Sign-Up Begins For Archeology Field School To Be Held This Fall The anthropology departments of the University of Florida and Florida State Museum will conduct an archaeological field school during the fall 1986 term at Tatham Mound in eastern Citrus County. Ttham Mound is associated with the Safety Harbor aboriginal culture which dates from circa A.D. 1,000 to the seventeenth century. Field school is open to university Discussion On Plaza Next Week The proposed information session on the Plaza of the Americas landscaping project has been postponed until next week. A public forum, which will rmit input from students, facul staff and others, will be held nex week at a tne and place to be announced. graduate and undergraduate students. Participants will receive 12 semester hours of credit (a full-time course load) and will live near the site. Room and partial board are furnished. The course offers practical training in scientific field techniques, including mapping, excavation, preservation of skeletal remains, artifact typology, laboratory techniques and interpretation. For information, call Dr. Jerald Milanich, Florida State Museum, Students Sought For O'Connell Advisory Board Students can apply now for membership on the 1966-87 Stephen C. O'Connell Center Advisory Board. The term is from August 15, 1986 to August 15, 1987. Applications are available at the third floor activities desk and first floor infor mation desk at the J. Wayne Reitz Union; the first floor information desk at Tigert Hall; and at the O'Connell Center director's office, Suite 1232, Gate 3. Applications must be submitted by 4:30 p.m., Friday, April 11, to Gene Luna at the Division of Housing office, 13th St. and Museum Road, or to Suite 1232, O'Connell Center. The O'Connell Center Advisory Board is composed of seven students and eight faculty and staff, with the Center Director serving as an ex officio non-voting member. The Board sets priorities for use of the Center and financial charges to be assessed users, makes determination of types of events that can be held in the Center and maintains a schedule of events and yearly calendar for the Center, arrangmg for hours of use, times for free recreational access and scheduling of outside events. Reserve Book Lists Due By April 16 Faculty should submit summer term reserve book lists to the Reserve Desk in Library East by April 16. Lists received by that date will be processed and all available books will be on reserve by the first day ofclasses. Books not available will be ordered. Lists received after this deadline will be processed on a firstcome, first-servedbasis, with no guarantee of being on reserve by the first day of classes. Unavailable books will not be ordered at this time. Copies of the reserve book lists may be obtained from the Library East Reserve Desk or from departmental offices. For information, contact Delores Hawes, Reserve Desk, 3924326. 392-1721. Child Abuse Call 392-SNAP Forum Monday A College of Law forum on "Child For Night Escort Abuse and Children's Rights" will be held Monday at 7:30 p.m. in Room 296 If you're walking alone on campus at Holland Law Center. Panelists will innight, use the services of the Student clude UF vision associate professor of Nighttime Auxiliary Patrol (SNAP). law Sharon Rush; UF associate profesC 392NAP between 6:30 p.m. and sor of pediatrics Dr. F. Thomas weher; 1:30 a.m. and an escort will meet u Sandra Sullivan, director of the Mental and walk with you to your campus Health Services Inc. Child Sexual Abuse tination. If you're comIg onto campus 'Treatment Program; and Carole Zegel, from an off-campus location, you can director of the 12th Judicial Circuit call in advance and an escort will meet Guardian Ad Litem Program. The free jou and walk with you to your UF public discussions presntedbythe UF destination. chapter of the National Lawyers Guild. The Univenity d Florida l ab Equal Esph ymeat Oppwrtaift/Affirn auva Adiem EmsaiuwI I ----------President's 13th Annual Festival Of Music Begins Saturday; Thru Apr. 19 The President's 15th Annual Festival of Music will begin day, Agril 10, at 2p.m. in Room101 Music Building. That night Sunday and continue through Saturday, April 19. Guest perat 8:1 p.m., he will perform with the UF First Jazz Band, formers this year are David Hickman, trumpet soloist who direct by Gary Langford. has performed with many leading orchestras throughout the The University Choir, directed by John G by, will perU.S., and Pete Christlieb, tenor saxophonist with the Ibnight form sacred and secular choral music, hllghted by the Show Band. Unless otherwise noted, all programs will be in "Gipsy Songs" by Johannes Brahms, at 8:15p.m. Saturday, University Auditorium and are free. April 12. The festival begins with a performance of early music by This year, the UF Symphony Orchestra will join with the the UF Renaissance Ensemble, directed by John Kitts, at 3 Gainesville Civic Ballet and Dance Alive! groups to perform p.m. Sunday. the classic ballet "Petrochka" by Igor Stravinsky, with David Hickman will give two performances. On Monday, "Bolero" by Maurice Ravel and "Stars and Stripes" by Sousa April 7, at 8:15 p.m., he will perform classical works for with choreography by Kim Tuttle of the Civic Ballet. e pertrumpet, accompanied by music department faculty formance will be at 8:15p.m. Friday, April18 and Saturday, members Wiis Bodine on organ and Kevin Sharpe on piano. April 19. Tickets, available from the Constans Theatre Box He will give a concert of modern band music with the UF Office between 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. weekdays, are $6 for the Symphonic Band, directed by Gerald Poe, at 8:15 p.m. Tuespublic and $4 for students and senior citizens. Kim Tuttle and day, April 8. Hickman will also give a lecture on "Practicing Judy Skinner will give a free lecture on "The Interaction of Made Easy"on April 8, at 2 p.m. in Room 120 Music Building. Dance and Music" Thursday, April 17, at 3 p.m. in Room 121 Christlieb will conduct a master class for saxophone ThursMusic Building. 

PAGE 9

alligator, thursday, april 3, 1986, NASA van draws crowd By JOANNE WORTHINGT(N The words caught his eye, so the psychology major Alligator Wter decided to "check it out" While on his wayto classUF NASA's AEROVAN is a walk-through trailer with ior Brian Kane wa lked b the Rz unnine exhibits focusing on current aeronautical research Union and spotted a wbite-and-ret in safety, environmental compatibility, energy effivan with NASA written on the side.ciency and improvements in airplane passenger com-fort and convenience. Although the van has nothing to do with the space program, Dale C. Christensen, who brought the AEROVAN to UF, said students who stop by ask questions and his opinion about the shuttle explosion that occurred January 28. "All I can tell them is that the shuttles will be delayed for about a year," Christensen said. Christensen said he travels across the country to air shows, and UF was a "pit-stop." Last week, Christensen stopped at the University of Central Florida and the University of South Florida. Aeronautical displays, such as model airplanes and photographs of future aircraft designs,fill the van. "Usually, about 500 students show interest, but yesterday about 800 students came through," Christensen said. Christensen said he stopped in Gainesville because Mike Argento, Reitz Union program director, asked him to stay a few days while on the way to an air show in Alabama. Argento said he made the request before the shuttle SUSAN GARDNER/ALULJjGATOR tragedy. But curiosity has kept "a steady stream" of Florida Museum artist Stacey students walking into the van. "I saw the NASA sign and was attracted to it," Kane Fowler looks at an exhibit said. "But I'm always interested in what NASA has to inside NASA's AEROVAN. do." He-jup: Delta Psi Kappa, a pr service fraternity, hosts "Jump For Hea day from noon to 4 p.m. at the 0 Student organization teams will jump r American Heart Association and colle from sponsors. Boon: Phi Alpha Theta History Hon meets today at 3 p.m. in Turlington H 2334 for a presentation by Merlin Co history department on the Florida r boom of the 1920s. what's happen Afican literature: UF's English depart the Center for African Studies pres Ofoma Eko, who will speak on Afric ture. The lecture, titled Links and Cha the West, is today at 4:30 in Grinter F 427. Horsing around: The Equestrian Cl tonight at 7 in McCarty Hall Room ItI volunteers Shhhh -It's the law: The city of Gatnesville needs a law librarian to file books and supplements and to maintain current materials. Volunofessional Support group: WEBA, Women Exploited By art" SaturAbortion, is a support group for women who aks Mall. have had abortions. The group meets Saturday at ope for the 2:30 p.m. at 1204 NW 13th St., Suite 23. ct pledges Business pros Delta Sigma Pi Professional BusinessiFraternitymeets tonight at 7:30 in New or Society Business Building 104. lall Room ix of UF's Folk dancing: Hillel sponsors Israeli folk dancing eal estate tonight from 8:15 to 10:15 at the Hillel Center, 16 NW 18th St. Bowling for dollars: CHAMPS is sponsoring a bowling clinic for disabled and non-disabled ling faculty, students and staff today at 5 p.m. in the Union Games Area. Espano: The Hispanic Student Association meets today at 4:30 p.m. in Reitz Union Room tment and B60. ent Ebele Planning ahead: The Spanish Intercambto Club an Literameets today at 5:30 p.m. in the Orange and Brew illenges to to discuss its upcoming fundraiser. Flll Room Surfin'safari: The Gator Surf Club meets tonight lub meets at 8:30 on the Orange and Brew patio. Club shirts 51. and membership cards are available. teers can choose their own four-hour block of time. Hackers needetA non-proftt social agency needs someone familiar with the Apple I E to wirk fiur hours a week. Counselors: A shelter for battered women and their children is looking for someone to help in the children's co-op and with telephone counseling. The center will provide 20 hours of training to those willing to work four hours a week for six months. Call 378-2552. 10 0 mom I E uIZ Union nfEWfl ___ WIN TICKETS RIDES TO SEE e VAN IALEN will T1IS WEEI FROM RORIDA'S n on ROCK VIDEO LEADER New hool, e -Thums & Friay hool,7.0 ad," iding The African Nent 9 Paris FREE! Queend 7:00 &93 Jthe Friday April 4 Salz11 am -3 pmRECAG Reitz unionSPCA Snobt Terrace Monday Prizes w be awarded 7 & 9.30 West 2nd Floor JWRU Aud. lude Iudents 1. Non-students SI. 'CarriadThe Orange & Brew Presents m. iverUniWi B e -ie rk y turday N'4 pr 95E nv v.3798 :30-1:3 the Ora & Brew. Food Specials Congrats y: Curry Beef at the O& B, Noon New Gator "Jerk" Chicken at the Bandshell, N '6 pm Cheerleader with SGP and The Reggae S Sonia Medina reeripfor 2 to beautiful Mon Y! led by University City Travel, I by Student Government Prod 'y City Travel and J. Wayne Reiz .F. for trip for two to Mont .aSam heaSubmirv to nnvers tCki n ndt Travel office or authe ty 3*0 Sa.ishelSmrdav. No prrhame neressar. Mast be present to win. For S .reroe 11137 -226or.12-7.V50. EW Your AAA Sisters You! 1 

PAGE 10

10, alligator, thursday april 3, 1986 'KiBTPSS4wi Gainesville Mail, 2528 N. 13th Street, 371-3724 Turtle's Rolls Out Great Tape Prices! Great deals on great tape during our Grand Opening celebration. BASF T 720 chrome SxA? Qua vidleo cassette F BASF L750 chrome 222r stereO EBASF Your choice: VHS T-120 or Beta L-750 $399 ea. reg. $5.99 ea. BASF tape comes with the "Guarantee Of A Lifetime." Chromdioxid Extra 11 90-min. 5-pack BA*F 90 5 tapes reg. 5 or $9.99 chromdlioxid extra ff rg o 99 hTR stereo c dssebe 2 p 45 mSin 132 g 9 a The high bias tape preferred by Sting and other top artists! SoyThpe Your choice: HF 60 or 90-min. 5 tapes SON-Y 1 $ 99 MW-s5-pack HF-S 90-min. 10-pack SONY ..o. .MFi SONY HFS9 10 tapes reg. 0for $16.99 Get a wooden cassette crate free with your purchase! Crate holds 12 tapes. Grand Opening sale prices good today thru Tuesday, April 81(2-for-I1 movie rentals good today thru April 131. No rain checks. please. The top names, the largest selections, the lowest prices, and plenty of fun, too! Check out all of our Grand Opening specials. Introducing Turtle's 2-FOR-I MOVIE RENTALS Grand Opening saving stamps. Rent one movie, take another one Today eca Selections the original saving yoMovie Rental Department. April 13 stamp When you shop at Turtle-s.h"s ofiasesand LP'S CASSETTES program! avnd with Turtie's exclusive NO MEMBERSHIP OR CLUB FEES EVER saving stamps! They're free 9 Reservations and special orders With every purchase or movie accepted $9 rental, and there worth* Turtie's saving stamps free with $5.00 credit When you fill a every rental quick-filling Turtlefs stamp 9.After 12 paid rentals, your next book. Better yet, you get rental's free double Turtle's"stamps When Now showing: 0 The Goonles PeeWee's Big Return Of The Jedi A bagain hunters paradise! you shop Wednesdays. our The Bride e Mask Adventure SiveradoA bHrginhf rs sradis. Double Stamp Day every o Commandos 0 National Lampoon's Plenty* Summer Rental Hurry In for best selections. week of the year Fright Night European Vacation 9 Prizzi's Honor .Weird Science -I April 3-8 

PAGE 11

alligator, thursday april 3' 1986' 11 Ga linesvi ai 2528 N. 13th Street, 371-3724 Open Mon. thru Sat. 10 to 10; Sun. 12 to 6 1hrtle'% Hatches At Gainesville Mall! GRAND OPENING STOREiWIDE Album Cassette Compact Disc Sale These selections and thousands morel All Departments: Rock Pop R&B Country Jazz Soundtracks morel All $8.98 list IPIs & Cassettes: $69 ea. All $9.98 list IP'S & Cassettes: $799eaAll $16.98 All $17.98 April 3-8 list Compact Discs: $12"ea. list Compact Discs: $1399 ea. $99 ea. Ip or cass. $8.98 sugg. retail LEVEL42 I WORLD MACHINE CONTAINS THE HITS: "SOMETHINGABOUT YOU"AND -LEAVING ME NOW" INCUES TEIT Compact DISC: $12. rEYiOON surrE VAN I 1c 9LEN --I KATRINA AND THE WAVES 1 MAHE MU. W R KxnmA J PET SHOP BOYS iotipact Disc: 13. yGram Campact D$C: $13.1 CALEETTE ANETNJACKSON FPYLc. CONTROL PRINCE AND THE REVUTLON S9 -m ea. lp e) or cass. $9.98 sugg. retail r Julian Lennon SecretAFTueOfDareami mN 7 v tHi LalessAvHues n The Stu" O ad. Grand Opening sale prices good today thru Tuesday. April 8. No rain checks, please. Please note: compact discs subject to manufacturers availability. Free Turtle's T-shirts! Geta rtliesT-shirtfree with any purchase of $5.00 or more. Thursday thru Sunday, while they last Register to win: [I A COMPACT DISC PLAYERi Then, check out our Compact Disc selections .the best in town! L FREE MOVIE RENTALS FOR A YEAR You could win one free movie rental each week for a year (52 rentals in all!) from our Discount Movie Rental Department. It's loaded with Hollywood's hottest! No purchase necessary to enter, so sign up for both giveaways 7UJoin the Jocks. live at Turtle'si Dr.Parker WOWY Friday night.,7to 10 Juliespencer WYKS Sunday afternoon, 1 to 4 es g I"-f I ;%ji LoLckedin/I OLA In Kecorus --,.% 

PAGE 12

JOHANNESBURG, South Africa (UPI) -Nobel Laureate Bishop Desmond Tutu, risking arrest Wednesday, made his first call for international sanctions against South Africa's white-minority government and warned that only such action could avert a "catastrophe." Tutu's call came as officials allowed black activist Winnie Mandela to return to her home in the sprawling Johannesburg ghetto of Soweto, marking the first time in 24 years she was able to move without government restriction. Thousandsof black children streamed back toclasses across the country, apparently heeding a decision by teachers and parents to end two years of sporadic antigovernment school boycotts and "take over from the inside." T1t ,1 1% ho press iousy had called only for Western 'pressure' on the s hite-minority government to end racial discrimination and segregation, risked possible prosecution for abandoning 10 years of more moderate opposition s ith the call for punitive economic sanctions. The bishop, who von the 1984 Nobel Peace Prize, told reporters at his Johannesburg cathedral that apartheid, the government's system of legislated racial discrimination against the nation's majority black population, as "evil, immoral and unchristian." An estimated 1.200 people most of them black have died in a two-sear wave of unrest linked to apartheid protests. "The situation in our country has deteriorated to a quite ghastly extent. Blacks are killed. mainly by the security forces, almost as if they were flies. Children are detained Children are killed. We face a catastrophe in this land and only the action of the international community, by applying pressure. can save us. "Our land is burning and bleeding and so I call on the international community to apply punitive sanctions I against this government to help us establish a new South Africa -non-racial, democratic, participatory and just," he said. Legal sources said the law on so-called "economic sabotage" had not been tested and Tutu could face arrest. After Tutu's call, Information Minister Louis Nel said, "Bishop Tutu must state clearly whether he has now rejected the path of peaceful political negotiation and evolution." He said sanctions would have disastrous consequences for most blacks, "but not for the Bishop of Johannesburg," and accused Tutu of showing an "unfortunate lack of compassion." Winnie Mandela returned Wednesday to the Soweto home she shared for a short time with ther husband, jailed black nationalist Nelson Mandela. She was welcomed by three grandchildren and a school choir. "I am grateful to no one," Mrs. Mandela said. "It was a criminal act on the part of the government to ban me in the first place." She had not been home since Dec. 31, when she was arrested for the second time in eight days for defying a government order barring her from Johannesburg and Soweto. Mrs. Mandela's lawyer, Ismael Ayob, said he was told byStateAttorney Pieter Kleynhans that authorities had decided to "abandon" a Dec. 21 order barring her from Soweto. He said the move came following a precedent-setting Supreme Court ruling last month that authorities had to prove motivation for issuing "banning orders" against people perceived as a threat to the government. The "banning" orders can include the restriction of a person's movements and the limiting of the number of people they can be with at one time. Nelson Mandela, leader of the outlawed black nationalist movement,the African National Congress,is in the 23rd year of a life sentence for sabotage. 7i~~7-T The Ladies of Kappa Delta Congratulate Mary Chris Sanders Gator Cheerleader WevYou! Fast, Free, 30 Minute Delivery flAsk forthe GET ACQUAINTED SPECIAL $4.99 I 12" Pepperoni Pizza or 1 Item of choice 378-2415 ids other offers expires 4/ I 12. allgator, thursday april 3, 1986 Tutu: Global sanctions needed CLASSES STARTING AP R IL 7 CALL DAYS, EVENWNGS & WEEKENDS Ma4.MPLAN L u CEsNMMTconrD. TESTPEMeATN SsPtsC~MJSSSWMW PROGRESSIVE MOVIE SPECIALS Remodeled & Extended Movie Section NO DEPOSIT NO MEMBERSHIP FEE ALL YOU NEED IS A DRIVER'S LICENSE COMING SOON1,000 additional movie titles for rent! INCREDIBLE SALE PRICES ON TOP LPs & CASS $5.88.WHITNEY HOUSTON/SADE/DIRE STRAITS $6.88.ZZ TOP/FIRM/CHERRELLE A "DIGITAL ONLY" SECTION OF CDs for the ultimate in CD recordings. -IMPORTS FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD NEW AGE SECTION/RELAXATION MUSIC Windham Hill artists, Kitaro $MNS3PLAA 2329 NW 13th STREE 376-5301 "*1 '86 Bikini Contest Sponsoed by U.'s @ 2 pm Get wet. Sat. April 5th 12 p.m. -5 p.m. Pikefetti's 8 p.m. -2 a.m. All proceeds go to Big Bro./Sis. of G-ville and Cerebral Palsy. Moho.NN-a-.olo.,evasserved. BASEBALL CARDS AND SPORTS COLLECTIBLES SUPER SHOW! 371-431 BASEBALL & FOOTBALL CARDS, UNIFORMS, SPORTS PROGRAMS & PHOTOS, QjD & NM BUY-SELLTRADEjBJING COLLJIIOtiiFOR TOP PRICES AT AUCTION -30 TABLES PULL OF SPORTS ITEMS MEMORABiLiA DISPLAY FROM "THE NATURAL" UNIVERSITY INN 1901 SW 13th St I A SATURDAY Apr 5th 9 am to 7 pm, SUN. 11 am -5 pm K I .mm I i 

PAGE 13

tur liaor hrdyari .18.1 aqu e m 4Gene Shuler's day starts 'at about 6 in the morning and he's busy until dark. For almost seven years his work has gone on every day of the week, every week of the year, with no vacation and no salary. Shuler works for something less tangible but far more valuable than money -he does his job out of love. Gene and his wifeRustioperate the Wildlife Retirement Village in Waldo, taking care of and feeding more than a hundred baboons, lions, tigers, peacocks and other wild animals that have been either abandoned or abused. "Out of that vate is fantasy world. This is the real ivorld in here," explains Gene, isho has been isioled iith animals alsnit his entire life. He says that animals need respect more than anvthine. ShUler has scars on his legs and chest from his 10 sears as a circus animal trainer as a reminder of i hat can happen if a handler doesn't give an animal that respect. He hopes to conince other people to respect them as he does and to hell) the animals regain their freedom. The primary purpose of the refuge is to provide a temporary home to those animals that can be released back to the ilid and a permanent home for those who can't. "The trash along our highway is not the only thing our society throws away." Shuler says. "The human race is polluting their own water and their own air -how the hell are they supposed to take care of the animals?" The refuge is a nonprofit organization chartered by the state and federal government, but it receives no money from the government. Gene and Rusti liveand operate the retirement village on money they receive in donations, the $2 admission charge ($1 for children) and Rusti's paychecks from her waitress job. The Shulers are far from rich. Occasionally, the times get hard. But Gene is happy, and as he leans on the wooden fence and looks across his miniature kingdom, it's clear there is nowhere he would rather be. He has closeness with the animals that is hard to compare with any other type of relationship. "These animals are more than family," he says. Gene feeds the doves inside their cage. Story and photos by Mike Stocker Louie the chimpanzee shows Gene his Frankenstein impression. Chipper the chimp gives Gene a manly handshake. indi the lioness gets cheek to cheek with Gene. U allgator, thursday april 3, 1986, 13 0 ---.A-----rem 

PAGE 14

14, allgator, thursday april 3, 1986 Reagan plans to reorganize Pentagon SANTA BARBARA.Calif.(UPIl President Reagan, pressing the war against waste, ordered sweeping changes Wednesday to streamline Pentagon operations and will urge Congress to do its part in the effort, White House officials said. The changes, which include a controversial strengthening of the role of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, were recommended it a report by a commission Reagan named in June as the Defense Department reeled under revelations of wasteful spending on items ranging from nuts and bolts to toilet covers and coffee makers. Reagan, who vowed in his 1980 campaign to save taxpayers billions by rooting out "waste, fraud and abuse" in the bureaucracy, has proposed a $320 billion pentagon budget for fiscal 1987. Some foes of his military buildup argue his embrace of the commission's recommendaUSA GOJU KARATE Gainesville DOJO April Special! Join for 1st month at 25OO/loo and get the second month at 1/2 price. Located in Gainesville Gym. 203 NW 6th St PHONE 374-6590 r 0 cebfpourr AFTER EASTER SALE 250/o OFF FRESH WATER AND MARINE FISH 2 OFF SUPPLIES, BIRDS, REPTILES AND SMALL ANIMALS Aquariums sold at wholesale cost! Butler Plaza Sat. & Sun. only 375-FISH B 0 U N I -s T V E R *0N SITY Summer Term 1986 Boston University is the place to be m 400 credit Courses in fort' this summer! iakc advantage of the subject areas excellent academic resources of worldm Two six-week sessions: N renowned Biistoiin Unvcrsity while you June 28 and July I-Angus li e .' wils 1 tmosphereof ( mUndergraduatc' and gradu dynanlic cities /0 .Day or evening classes I FfST(IN. 7 Register by mail or in pet R.L;IYIk'RI'IO \ I\GIVSA For a Irec opy Of the Scitit 1986 Bulletin and GuIde to I S/Sumner Events CILL 617/35,3-3000 Ormaid COupon todayy' -------------------------Ilii),-t i ii Jiliti ccir i tit iiecr -tciumi1980 7-Cmmrrniimwceilth A emuic, ito 204 Bestmin MA 0221"1 City State Um ivcr s itv / Co IeIc g y-four lay 20-.t 9 ate couirses rson APRII 22. mer Term Boston ------Zip IN MAY TV 69 BROUGHT YOU THE 1st TOUR PACKAGE -MADONNA. IN JULY IT WAS TOM PETTY AND TH E H EARTBR EAKERS. IN MARCH TV 69'S 3rd TOUR PACKAGE -ZZ TOP LIVE IN JACKSON VI LLE. IT'S NOW APRIL AND TIME FOR THE 4th IN A CONTINUING SERIES OF CONCERT TOUR PACKAGES FROM FLA'S ROCK VIDEO LEADER. THIS PACKAGE STARTS WITH A COMPLETE VAN HALEN RECORD CATALOGUE INCLUDING VAN HALEN, VAN HALEN II, DIVER DOWN, FAIR WARNING, WOMEN & CHILDREN FIRST, 1984 PLUS THEIR NEWLP 5150! PLUS TWO TICKETS TO SEE VAN HALEN LIVE SATURDAY APRIL 12th IN JACKSONVILLE PLUS TWO BACK STAGE PASSES TO MEET VAN HALEN IN PERSON! TO WIN THIS PACKAGE WATCH UHF CHANNEL 69. EVERYTIME YOU SEE ANY VAN HALEN MUSIC VIDEO CALL 3726969 THE 1 st 5 CALLERS WILL BE REGISTERED TO WIN OR REGISTER AT: 1. SPEC'S IN THE ALBERTSON'S PLAZA 2. HIS STORE FOR MEN IN THE OAKS MALL 3. ISLAND WATER SPORTS 4132 NW 13th ST 4. LET'S GET PHYSICAL 20th ST. PLAZA FLORIDA'S 4th TOUR PACKAGE VAN HALEN LIVE IN JACKSONVILLE FROM FLORIDA'S ROCK VIDEO LEADER I I tons is an effort to blunt criticism of other commission recommendations. his spending plan. Officials said Reagan is pleased In Washington, a staff member of lawmakers already have "begun to the House Armed Services Committake the first steps in this process." tee suggested Reagan might be trying to beat Congress to the punch Robete Republiana Lehaiedr and head off the virtual certainty of Robert ionttfiKansas he legislation ordering changes at the Reagan's decision to implement the egiton.reforms and said the Senate will be a Pentagttn. readyy and willing ate 1i By moving now, the staff member "edy ands witing partner" in said, the administration can argue, efforts to improve Pentagon "We've accomplished reforms and management. don t need more. "Anything and everything we can White House officials said the do to ensure we get inre bangfor president, on vacation at his Calithe buck should be dtne," Dole said fornta ranch. signed a directive in a statement. implementing many of the changes suggested by the commission Feb. Creationofthe Packard Commission 28. One major move is the creation initially was opposed by Defense of a new undersecretary of defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger, who who will oversee development and contended the panel was not production of weapons. needed. Weinberger has since welOfficials also said the president comed the panel's proposals and will ask Congress to help him make said many already had been put into legal changes needed to carry out effect. M M M-MM IIIIEWIEUm. wSORRND OPENING SPECIAL I Buy One Chocolate Fantasy Sundae and get a dessert SUNDAE 376 MillFREE! 4th St. 376-7898 SWENSEN'S'0 Plaza .M u. MM OW40 I I 

PAGE 15

SPRING CRUISER SPECIAL $1199S PRIMO expires 4-3-86 GAINESVILLE'S MOST ENTHUSIASTIC BICYCLE SHOP CCLE 1124 West University 371-9650 *Hunter Cruisers eUnivega Mtn. Bikes *Trek Bicycles eKirtland Panniers and bags *New Look, Adidas and CycleBinding Pedal System. eDescente and Pearl Izumi Clothing *Large selectFon of Cycling Clothing and Shoes eStumpjumper Mtn. Bikes *Fat Chance Mtn. Bikes *Bianchi Bicycles Terry Bicycles -Designed for Women El -I. Accent from page 1 Schechter said. "It is hisjob to make surC hC has the money for projects. I think he has failed miserably." Shalloway said he suspects sonic members of his staff may have approved expenditures without his approval. "For example, the publicity director has the power to walk into The Alligator office and take out an ad for an Accent project," Shalloway said. If the director did not inform Shalloway of the bill he would not be able to budget it, he said. But others say Shalloway was not doing his job. "It's ridiculous," Schechter said. "It was his job to make sure he had the money to pay for projects. I wouldn't say he is incompetent, but I think he is clearly guilty of mismanagement." Gilick said he feels it is unfair that he had to start his term as chairman with a $10,000 debt. "Once we get over this hump it will be OK," Gilick said. "Budgeting is just like balancing your checkbook. You have to keep an account of everything you spend." The senate committee to investigate the budget problems will be recommending changes in the budgetary process for both Accent and Student Government Productiors, both of which have a relatively free hand in spending their money, Armstrong said. "This is not a political thing," Armstrong said. "We have a problem with both the system and the officials There's Gold in them thor' ads. Call Alligator Display Advertising at 376 4482 Membership at with signed lease. Brand new deluxe flats and townhouses. Special summer rates close to UF campus, shopping, and on Bus Route. loh a4 377-0555arden A apartments 3009 S.W. Archer Rd. EYE EYAMS For the Th-5A tme. tvc,/etr m at gour asotE kAkti-% oa 3"A LoWv/ e, opa .cb SPECTRUM OPT'iCAL 3654 S.W. Archcx Rd Tsdr-ndons 378-.3Z61 PEACE IN TIE MIDDLE EAST The General Union of Palestinian Students (GUPS) Present KHALIL 4AHSHAN Associate Director of the Palestine Research and Education Center and Assistant Editor of Palestine Perspective He will speak about "The Prospect For a Lasting Peace In the Middle East" PLACE: NORMAN HALL AUDITORIUM DATE: THURSDAY APRIL 3, 1986 TIME: 6:30 P.M. aiigator, t ursoay apr 5, 1zo, i llnan th drta q if 1 9 1 C II FF 

PAGE 16

16. alligator, thursday april 3, 1986 allgator classifieds FOR RENT: FURNISHED 5 BLOCKS TO U OF F. Big room for serious student Nonsmokr. Wlk o/UofF. AlluldIties pd Washer & phone. $180/mo 377 0020 4-8 15-1 Walk to campu, unique 1 br f. apt, high beam celng, carpet, I dn room, includes water, sewer & garbage $255 mo. Call 3730067, Contemporary Management, Inc 3320311 4-10-15-1 $98/ma. Female roommate needed to sublet furnished Hawaan Village apt MayAug Own r.om, %/u. Call 375-4854 4-3-3-1 -OXFORD MANOR $130 + .u, furn, luxurious townhouse Ing, May-Aug. Call Chris 371-7814. 4-7-5-1 S /4bL 2/2 /po p4-/lI 44/4r-,a ne.go bl/ Call 378-6243 (ght r392927 (days) 4 7 5 1 *SUMMER6-** Own /bdrm both Oxford Manor $120 mo '1 1 372 4687kp try ng 4 4 41 APPLY NOW FOR FALL ** BRANDYWINE * 2611 SW Archer Rd 375 1111 /05 NW 336rd A,e 372-4694. P01 ,f. rhedA $220 mo oh nLpe&s Clleveings 4-15 10 1 NO SEC DEPOSIT Rmm. .Ieded far Ig 3 BR Bathpt uit V4 ya ApIs Only $112 month, Nd -o-on rtou ID CILDv 371 3156 4 Ap-r-mnt furnished or uf ur n shedtwo bedroom, oe blth Shor or lonIgermleae The blLks 1from. ,,mps $275-mo 3321746 3765 1495 4 25-18 1 Ned 1. sub1,1 for sumer Furnshed cnd with -d m r rwave wtrbd I or 2 per n P-e ngoible CIal 371-2584 4-8 5 1 Suble/ furr/heA1 d 1 b /h /pt M/y-Ag 22. 2 hIks S of Norman Hall. $225 + utilties 3732924 Negl,/ble 4-10-7-1 *LET'S MAKE A DEAL Sublet fur2n 2 br IbF C/s/blanc condo May July w /opon for fallI T/rm/ neg9/ale C/ll 377-3399 4-4-3-1 Sublet for summer maser bdrm w/kmg sized watrbed in furn 2 bdrm lux townhouse ne.rSands $22/m, P I til Doug 3756871 /// 4-8-5-1 Sublet fr summer 2 bdrm I bath either furnished or unfurnished Close to UF, Sands RntI egoible 377-8314 early morning, late rnght 4 8 5 1 *For sublet, partly f/r 3 bdrm W4ndmeadows opt, May July, Pay ent & keep security dp. C-m1s to $133/m ech. Call 371-4571 5-11 pm 4-11-81 ***FEMALE* $200 utiities ncl I bk from campus. S /mmer aad as. /Own/ r//i ws-h/dy, microwave, full cable v1, dishwasher, etc. 3755458 4-3-5 1 $106m4!4space a/l sublet 2 bdrm MayJly 10 mn/ to class MI Vernon Apts pool lAundry,some space frn call now 3737182 4-8-6-1 SUBLET FOR SUMMER 1 bdrm f1rnshed 1 5i to camp Pool, tennis, racquetball pracy. Re/4 negotiable 371-6732 4-4-5-1 Ig 1 bdm 1 b/h /pI. 41 /4.ll/4/41/44n.ir,1 bk IoUF. ShAnd 8&4orr/4/ /Pr/k de68 $289 mn 372-6728/48 13-876-7408 4-4-5-1 HELP Must ublens/ fr Sum (My-Ag). Beauful Brandywine 2 br I b/ All the luxuries, new /urn, olymp c pool CalI 3776005 4-11-8-1 Oakbrook Condo Rmm /fr sarmer. Walk b 4 UF All modern coner/ces Only $150/mo/ / / u/4I 395-7698 New furnishings 4-8-5-1 2 bdrm I th home on beautful 20 -ce hrse form in NW IG to responsible person for summer Ren1 n9 InI + sec deAp 335-2673 4-11-8-1 Nicest 2 br/2 bo summer sublet. ComelI, close to campus, furn or unfurn, great deal for responsible students, 373-7490, leave message. 4-8-5-1 Apt. f/r sublease. Furnished or unfn. May thru Avg. $200/mo. 375-4227 4-9-5-1 Sublet clean 1 bd/1 bth apt. at Windmeahdows. Central air, w. room, pool, laundry rm. Avail. May1 st. $355 mo. 375-7151. 4-3-1--1 SUMMER SUBLET. Spacious Oak Forest townhouse $120 per month. Cll In, 3772788 4-8-5-1 M/F summer sublet, fully furn, washer, dryer, dishwasher, microwave, pool, shuttle bus to UF. Treehouse Village, My-Aug. $150/m4, 373-0163. 4-9-5-1 $95/month for summer rental in Tower Oaks Own bedroom, furnished, %/ utilities, washer& dryer in condo. Call S5eve332-8053. 4-4-2-1 Suble/e spacious 2 bed, 1% b/th townhouse located minutes from campus Furnished, and /-s/ $375 monthly, /pd Cal /today 378-4850 4-9 5 1 Let's /ake a deal Sbi4 summe, I space /n f,-, 2drm 2 both apt wash.dry, m4crw,/ dhw FREE 8Fus to campus $ neg/ab/ Tr/ehus Villag, 373-7866 4-9-5-1 M F to uble-o immediately at Treehouse V age $130 00 a r l Pleasec11 37305031fr more/inf//4//ion4421 FOR RENT: UNFURNISHED INCREDIBLE Efficiency Apts Starting at $169/mo. 2 Bedroom Apls Starting f$204/mo. CAMBRIDGE VILLAGE 110 NW 39/h Av 378-39888 4-25-75-2 CHEAP $190 to $199 sudh. 4 6lks / UP, water p/id pool, University Aps 411 NW 15 S. 3710769, 375-6173, 376-7166 4-8-10-2 Unfurnished 2 and 3 bedroom, dishwasher, drapes, laundry room, pool, for mature 4udents, 6900 SW 21s//Lane, 332-8875, 4-25-652 2 WEEKS FREE Huge 1 d walk -n close, cent. air, w/w carpets, pantry, spacious grounds, m4/n4/1/4/t //ks. Be/ Air Apts 636 NW 266Av. 373-1459, 375-6173, 371-0769. 4-8-10-2 2 BR $250 Near Campus, central air/heat, carpet Water & sewer pd Woodcrest Apts. 1615SW 42ndStI373-5816373-1099. 4-8-10-2 WOW!I 2 BD $249 to $275, WALK TO UFI! Univ. Apt. 411 NW 15 St. 371-0769, 375-6173, 3767166 4-8-5-2 Large 1/1 condo with pool, weightroom, sauna, all appliances and carpel fairly new, w /ded yard, I//le to UP Good terms 3712607. 4-7-4-2 Duck Pond 3 b /lks to downtown, 3bedrm i bh $600 /mo including all ulP Frances Mann Realty, Inc. 2c. Broker, 374-4999 or 495-2637. 4-15-10-2 Convenient location, 2 i from UF, pool, 24/hr laundry, quiet. Preleasing 2 and 3 's for fall. 1800 NW 4 St 378-4969 5-13-20-2 Available for immediate occupncy/2 br/2 bh apt. Low rent, low u l/. Pool, basketball, etc. Call Tom or Jeff anytime, 335-2742. 4-8-5-2 I bdrm apt: need to reii by My 2 blocks from UP Phone & elc dep/s.s paid for: looking for 1st & last but neg. Call Paul at 338-1267. 4-4-32 Spacious 2 br 1 7 both owh/se. Sublease of $295/mo through July 31. Fall optional at $325/mo. Available end of April. 375-4451. 44-3-2 L.v4nG'v/ie's most luxurious complex/. bt Oxford Manor 2 bd/2 both opt May thru Aug. Pick your own rmmts. Furn or nfun. Very wll/ng to negoi/te, 375-0702 4-8-5-2 I BR unfurnished, central air & carpet, near campus $225, negotiable lease, flexible deposit Cal 332-3765 after 5:30 p.m. 4-8-5-2 I,,* * * * * 111 * * * * Walk to SantO Fe CC, 1 BR $245, 2 BR $29, $125 Sec. plus LMR. Pool, laundry, no pets, Santa Fe Trace Apts. 378-1190. 4-25-72-2 * *11 * * * * * * * O/k Glade Apts. ner UF & VA, quiet area w/ crime watch neighborhood. 1 BR, 2 BR $215$325 plus Sec plus LMR. 372-6422. 4-25-72-2 A block from UF 1 br $240 2 br $300, new stove/frig, cent h/a, trees laundry wood floors, some util incl, flexible deposits 377-8127 4-415-2 Sublet -I'll pay you $200 for April 15 occupancy-$345 mo in Mill Run, 2 br, 1%/ b/h, pool, w/d hookup, lots more. Call anytime 373-0391, Liso or Steve. 4-3-10-2 Convenient downtown location, 302 SE 4h Street, great for students. /br//bth, $250/mo. Call 372-6172. 13-32-0-2 WE ARE #1 Because we offer you ?he most for your rental $. *1, 2 & 3 Br. Apts. -furn. or unfurn. *We'll helpyou find roommates *Tennis court, sauna, pool & gym FREE classes by professionals in Karate, Aerobics, Tennis & Mth Tuorng Regency Oaks Apts. 3230 ArcherRd 378-5766 Country Garden Apts. 2001 S.W. 16th St. 373-4500 4-25-43-2 2 WKS FREE! Nice quiet Ib 16$225, water pd., w/w carpets, cent. air, Villager West 800 NW 18 Ave, take 9 St north from 16 Av then right. 371-0769, 371-0251, 37-7166. 4-8-10-2 HUGE 2 bd 2 bh 1000 s ft, dishwasher, spacious grounds; magnificent oaks. $315. Bel Air Apts 636 NW 26 Av. 371-0769 373-1459. 48-10-2 Avail. now 2 br apt. 2 short blocks from UF. Close to everything. $265.00 mo. rhust see, will go fast. 373-7891. 4-3-5-2 Summer Sublet, option for fall -3 bdr house, wood floors, front porch, ceing fan, A/C, $375/mo, nodep 316 SE6th St, 375-6903. 44-5-2 SUBLET Large, one bedroom apt avail May thru summer. SW area, cent air, carpet, water and sewer pd. $225/mo. Cal 335-1767. 4-4-5-2 GREAT LOCATION -I blk to UF behind Norman Hall. 2 rms in house, f/rn, or unfurn. Sublet May-Aug. $150 + util, Aug free. 3717788. 4-4-5-2 Deal of the century, 2 BR Phoenix Apt, all electric, dishwasher, sublet May-Aug, Reg $300/mo only $199/mo. Call 371-1490 or3767495. 4-4-5-2 SUMMER SUBLEASE w/option. 1-br, pool, laundry, near UF, Shands, Mt. Vernon Apts. Avail now -Aug. 376-1807 anytime. 4-11-10-2 Summer sublet -fall option, spacious 1 4bdrm apt., pool. Close to UF/l/w. Camelot Apts. Available May 4th. Rent negoI. C/ll 378-9148. 4-7-5-2 HOUSE for summer sublet, 2 bedroom, across from campus libraries, wood floors, porch, yard for pets, $394/month. 371-2446. 4-7-3-2 2-bedroom, 2-b/th apt. for sublease near UF & VA, quiet area, $290/mo. Immediate /c4pncy. Will give/, / of security deposit. 3726422/from1 to 6 pm or 371-6324 anytime. 4-95-2 SUBLET SUMMER 1 bedroom/own both of 22 bed/2 both townhouse in Rocky Point Apts. $150/mo. Cal Kathy /4 377-7441. 4-9-5-2 Sublease summer with fall option, spacious 3 BR 2 BT. Wsher/Dryer. NO DEPOSIT. O0k Forest Apts. 375-3384. C/ll anytime. 4-7-3-2 Apt. avail. for summer. Take up lease which runs thru July. 2 rt 6Ib with storage rm, conv. location. Call Joe 472-2321. 4-9-5-2 Alan's Cubana & The Salty Dog Saloon 1712 W. Univ. Ave. 375-6969 Lunch & Dinner Specials From $1.25 14 Draft Beers 95 Imported Beers I OXFORD MANOR. Sublet for summer 2 bed/2 both, furniture available. Call tody, 378-9438. Cheopl 4-8-4-2 2 bedroom/l both apt in beautiful Mill Run Ovail. May -option for fall. Roomy, close to campus. $330/mo. -+ $280 dep. 376-4047. 4-73-2 What a BargainI Save $50.00 a month. Sublet room in 2 bdrm 1 both duplex in Phoenix. May-June-July. For info call Andy or Joanne 374-4305or371-3274. 4-9-5-2 $285 cash if you take over my lease May I1Aug 15 with option to renew. I bdrm in Pinetree Gardens. Call 376-4002 (during day). 4-9-5-2 Summer sublease w/f8ll option. 1-bdrm opt. 3 blocks from UF. Separate living, dining rooms & kitchen, hardwood floors. $210/mo. Coll 373-5731or376-9504. 4-9-5-2 ROOMMATES Nonsmoker, luxury townhouse apt in Mrchwood, pool, furn except br. Convenient to campus. $185 + V3. 392-0309 or 373-2567. 4-810-3 Don't wait! Rocky Point Apts. 3bedrm. 2 bath. W/D, pets o.k. No waiting lists. Call 378-8642, nights. Keep trying. 4-8-5-3 Semi-studious roommates needed for summer in NE 4 3drm home /7 m fo amopuo, micr/ow//e, w/sher, dryer, 4/c6 p//dar/ea. 378-6817. 4-8-5-3 -emale, your own room in Camelot! Adjacent tosopncoe to school Summer sublet $160mth, V2utilities. 371-9639. 4-8-5-3 Own room in 4 bdr. house, n/s, female pref., foreign students we come. SW area, 2 blks from UF. 375-1705 Holly or Clark. 4-8-5-3 WALK ONE BLOCK UF. Male upper division grad student. Private entrance, bath, refrigerator, $125-155/373-9609, 376-6652, 378-8122. 4-2518-3 Sublet for summer 3 / bdrm apt. Master be/room, 150, Regency Oaks. Free ten6 9967tA/9im ng pool, tennis courts. Call 376-99676AS '4-8-S-3 Nonsmk. f share home with 2 students, own bdrm, I blk from campus, $150 plus%1/ utilities371-2569. 4-4-3-3 Female roommate, professional or grad student, lovely 3/2 home in good neighborhood. $140/mo & split util. 373-4656 after 9:00p.m. 4-8-5-3 DAILY ACROSS 1 Consumer 6 Carry on vocally 10 Bandleader Alpert 14 Habituate 15 Nurse, in Nanking 16 Bacchanalian cry 17 Improvise 18 Whirlybird 19 Sets 20 Den denizens 21 Tony-winning musical 23 Part of HSH 24 God: Lat. 25 Rhine feeder 26 "When We Were Very Milne 28 Bermuda 32 TV role for Guillaume 34 Pheasant 35 -de vie 36 Lab vessel 37 Massey of films 39 Fashion magazine 40 Fr. holy woman 41 North Sea feeder 42 Items in red 44 Play by Thornton Wilder 46 Pupil of Socrates 47 Danish coin 48 Waste allowance 49 Apprehend 52 A feature of TV .news 56 Western lily 57 Roster 58 "My 40 Years in Politics" author 59 Spanish family member 60 Manchurian river 61 Very dark 62 Birch family tree 63 Walden 64 Difficulties Female roommate needed in 4 br 3 b twnhse. Own bedroom, close to UF/Santo Fe. Sun0, pool, only $125 mo4%4util. AvOil May 1. Call 332-7828. 4-8-5-3 1 or 2 M or F roommates needed to shore apt, each with own room. If 1$148/month, 2 $136/month. Call Joe -395-7844 or Mitch 395-7834. 4-8-5-3 Female, nonsmoker to sublet a room in a 3 br, 1 2ba opt. $140 mo + /util. Call 373-2212. 4-4-3-3 Wonted summer, option foil/winter, F for 2 bdrm, 1 th house in SW. Walk to UF. $165/mo + %/ util. Prefer laid back, partying, studious whennec. Mary371-9003ofter9 p.m. 4-8-5-3 Roommate for summer. Own room w/private both. $150/mo + % 1util. Near Norman Hall. F/M grad student pref. Call 377-6930. 4-7-4-3 OAKBROOK SUMMER CONDOMINIUM RENTAL 2 bedroom*2 bath*walking distance to campusemicrowave*dishwasheretr. compactoroDisposalwasher/dryer 1228-A SW 16th Ave. 375-42450371-2109. 4-25-18-3 Summer -Fm/nonsmk -own rm in master Br in g. bright opt w/dw. 2 mi from comp. Rent $142.50/mo + %/ util. 375-8233 anytime. 4-44-3 $90/mo OWN ROOM H 1-2rmrntsnee /d44 r M/-i/-i/l/rge 841/ h/ous//wash & drper/air, near UF/shopping/bus. 371-1988. 4-7-5-3 Female for summer with fall option. Own room in 2 bdr/1 b new townhouse. $145/mo + %/ uti, .Part.furnished. 335-1286. 4-3-3-3 HELP! Female rmmt needed, own rm in quiet SW townhouse, $165 mnth + % 4util. Must see, nice & clean. No pets/smokers. 332-2821 Lisa. 4-7-5-3 Female nonsmoker to shore 2 br I both Phoenix apt f/I 4//I. Washer/dryer, f/rnished, 9185/m / utilitiesCr Cl Beth 371-2459 evening. 4-8-5-3 2 M/F rmmts to share luxurious furnished Stoneridge 3 bdrm apt. Great dell Great apartment! Coll Mitch at 376-4583 Onytime. 411-5-3 MALE WALK 2 BLOCKS UF, upper division grad student RESERVE NOW/FOR SUMMER nd 198687. $125-155 includes utilities. 378-8122, 3739609, 376-6652. 4-25-18-3 Sublet May -?? OXFORD MANOR. Master bdrm a3 bdrm 3 bath a t$175o a //th + /util. Call Eric 377-9612. 4-4-3-3 CROSSWORD PUZZLE Edited by Trude Michel Jaffe 65 A first lady of 31 "Sweet" girls 48 Pulsate the theater 32 Amigo's kiss 50 Concur 33 "-, Brute!" 51 African Dutch DOWN 34 In honor of 52 Lobster pot 1 Shute's "On the 38 Author 53 Ecce -: Behold -Deighton the man 2 Inappropriate 39 Time in NYC 54 Vngt--: Casino 3 "The King and I" 41 Long, long ago game king 43 Feedbag item 55 Banned 4 Goddess of 45 Not long before 56 Room in a casa discord 46 Dresses up 59 --jongg 5 Johnny 6 Floor covering ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE: 7 French friends TA N A ILIIM N[U B 8 City E of Osaka TL 9"Fats" of jazz E X I L E C A D E T V 0 10 Exodus M I LAN I R0N Y R E 0 11 Constantly P ENT I FU T M A N 12 Continental A RN I HO A breakfast item CUR LEO FAR I NA 13 Mrs. Truman RA IMPU L V i 21 McCloud of TV M LA C U E 22 Impudence 24 Twosome ALP BAO AB EAST 27 She-bear: Sp. S H 0 U TS OP 0 28 Common NA NIA S ending FLAK L ATER 29 Star of "Rose RIO BEAR NYASA Marie" 0 R E LL I E ERAC 30 Evans of oaters GAR GLEAN 5iUE 1 2 13 5 8 9 11 12 13 14 1 '5 171 1 22 2525 32. 13 1 1 1 52 53 4/3/06 --i, I -..4.--NOW OPEN UNTIL 12:30 AM THURSDAY!! 50C MOLSON DRAFT 8PM -CLOSE, (FROSTED MUG) 0 1/2 PRICE CHICKEN WINGS 9 P.M. -CLOSING EARLY BIRD SPECIAL 5-7 PM LG SALAD $2.99 UNLIMITED ITEMS 114 NW 13th St. 375-0004 Gator Plaza Remember Happy Hour Mon-FrI 3-7 pm $1.90 pitchers or 50 drafts 01986 IAs Angeles Times Symdices .......... I I i 

PAGE 17

alligator, thursday apirl 3. 1986, 17 alligator classifieds SUMMER ONLY $200 Master bdrm & both, Vizcaya Apts. Call Eric now at 373-7775. 4-8-5-3 Need f rmmt to share large 1 bdc condo in Sparrow. Pool, jocuzzi, rocquetball, tennis & souno. $100/mo + s utl. 332-7692 or 3766699. 4-4-3-3 Mole roommate needed. Own furnished room w/waterbed. $160/month + v utli. SW section. Call Ericat 375-0024. 4-8-5-3 Summer Roommate Wanted m/f Regency Oaks, well furnished, private bed & both $195. + % Autl. Call Adrienne 377-0674. 4-4-3-3 GWF needs rmmt to share nice condo. Wash/dryer, microwave, vcr, own room/both Kitty okay. $195 m + V until. Call leave message 335-1827. 4-8-5-3 Luxury house Very nicel Own room! Nonsmoker, wshe/dryerl A/C, tons of extrosi Only $149/mo * Great place to live ..373-5012 4-4-3-3 Male rmmt. fcr own rm. & both in large condo., furn. except bd., near low school. Fr summer, fall option. Steve 377-9806 or 375-8708. 4-4-7-3 SUBLET MAY-?? -OXFORD MANOR. Moster bdrm in 3 bdrm, 3 both furn opt. $150/mo + Vs utl. Cll 377-5359 ANYTIME. 4-4-7-3 2 F rmmts needed to share nice 3 bdrm, 2 bth unfurnished in Regency Oaks. $16/mo, s util. Call Diane, 373-1791 and leave message. 4-9-10-3 NO LEASE own room in 3 bdc both house in NE ore. Quiet neighborhood, fenced backyard. $1 17/mo + Vs utilities + security dep. No lost mo rent. Call David after 7 p.m. 338-0019. 4-32-3 HELPI Shre a condo INEXPENSIVELY. 2 bdrm, 2% both, pool, w/d, reposibe, Fe, nonsmoker wanted. Call Jennifer 373-2371. 4-8-53 Own room in house, furnished, non-smoker please, no lease but deposit. $150 month plus Vs utilities. Call Pat 375-8295after 6. 4-4-3-3 Take over May Ils, own room in 3 bdrm opt, furn., $195 + V utl. Tennis, racquetball, pool. Call Dove 332-2719 ofter five. 4-4-5-3 1 M/F for summer C w/Fall option, close to campus, $140/mo + s 2utl, own room, pets ok -no deposit. Nice neighborhood, call 3748041. 4-4-5-3 Summer sublet $90/mo. + s luti. A/C, pool, clubhouse, m icrowave, cable, own washer/dryer, 2% both 2 bedroom condo. Call 378-2433. 4-9-5-3 Female to sublet 2 BR, 2 both, Stoneridge op, My-Aug, $10/mo. + % utl. Call Shaun 3754492. 4-9-5-3 Rocm for rent. $120 a mo, 1823 N.W. 2nd Ave. Near Pike house. Cll 377-8061, 4-8-4-3 Liberal rmt to share 2 br/1 bo housenear downtown,s cc, mcro, wsh/dryr -must be neat & responsible-ovb sum, $125 + Vs utl., ph 377-0761. 4-9-5-3 Own mst cm w/both fr n/s m, friendly roommates, Ock Forest Apt, SW 13 St, washer/dryer, $175/mo, % uti. Cali 374-9799. AvI now. 4-4-2-3 Female rmm to shore a greothouse in a Great location (behind Normon Hall) Summer C;own room, $140/mo. Call375-4525* * 4-9-5-3 BEST DEAL AROUNDiI Female rmmt. Garden $125/mo + 1/5 until, own room. Tennis, racquetball & pool. Call after five 332-7391. 49-5-3 2 nonsmoking rmms wanted. M/F to share large furn house in quiet SW area. Washer/dryer. No lese. $150/mo + uti & deposit. 375-1286. 4-4-2-3 F/roommate needed. Nice, spacious townhouse, furnished. Summer A, B. Call 3714932. Close to campus, Mt Vernon Apts. 4-8-43 2 ROOMMATES wanted to live in 3 bd/3 bh fully furnished apt in Oxford Manor fr summet. Each own room & bath. Fm/pref. 3788141. 4-15-9-3 HawaiianVilage 3 br2bo, 1 mi from U. Need 3 to sublet own rooms sum A, 8 or C. $130 mc + util. Very negotiable. Storts May 3rd. Call 371-4040. Mcles pref. 4-4-2-3 THE INSTITUTION f C 5E81k~ -N NEEDED: F/oommote to rent own room in lux. condo. $165/mth + Vs uti. Call today 377-2458 Wcsh/dry, pool & much more. 4-16-10-3 Fm. own room in nice furn. 3 b. 2 bth. apt. $150/mo. Call 376-0308 and please leave message. 4-9-5-3 Roommates needed for summer. Own room in large apt. Pool, tennis, racquetball. Call 3328784. 4-9-5-3 Female roommate wanted: own room and both in furnishedcapt. Quietlcomplex by Lcw School. $135/mo + Vs uil. Summer. Call 373-1562. 48-4-3 FALL ONLYM/F non smk looking fmr roommate to share 2 bdr with: Ask far Kevin 378-4185. 4-8-4-3 IN THE PINES -rmmte needed -M/F own bdrm3 bdrm twnhse on the poolnonsmoker-$904 m 3+ Vs ulils--3781711 -anytime. 410-63 REAL ESTATE DOWNTOWN. Be a part of it. Prime retail space and prestigious office space available in the new SUN CENTER. Call 3726172. 13-32-0-4 '82 Mobile Home 2 Br, 1 Vs Bth. Convenient location, Furn., Fireplace, Cent. heot, A/C, Vaultedroof, Ceiling fan. 373-7114. 4-4-10-4 Graduating student MUST SELL 1982 2/1 mobile home. Greal/inexpensive living. Asking $10,900 -includes furn. & tv. 332-5648 eves & wknds. 4-8-6-4 Shodiest lot in G'ville, '82 Fleetwood 14x6, 2 bd, 2 both, cathedrl ceiling, ceiling fan, washer/dryer hook up, 10x10 shed, bike to UF, many extras. Must see, $600 & take over pymnts. 373-3372 afer 6:30 p.m. 4-8-5-4 Vero Beach 4 br 2 bo, ner-effic, 2000 sq. + garage cbs home, huge potio, big locOwner will trade fcr similar in NW Gvile. Write:; Frnk, 1930 NW 35th SI, Gainesville, FL 32605. 4-8-5-4 Medical/Professionl Office condo unit sle/lease equip/furn, exc. Tampa loc. 945 s/f Rees. callDr. Szejc813-962-8514. 4-22-15-4 Attractive 2 bedroom, 1 koth condo in Towerc Oaks. All appliances, privacy fence, w/d hookup, storage. Barry D. Bocmstein, Inc. 3737557. 4-15-10-4 DOWNTOWN ee BE A PART OF IT Apartments, condos' small shops, available for fall occupancy. Call 372-6172. 13-32-0-4 Price slashed on custom 2bdrm. condo near UF with screened porch, pool & tennis. $37,5001l Levy-Strickland, Inc. 376-4040. 4-8-5-4 750 sq. ft. condo Vs mile to UF. Pool, weightroom, sauna, fairly new carpel and appliances. Low or nothing down, pos. cash flow. 371-2607. 4-8-5-4 Mobile Home Excellent Condition, 2bdrm. 372-9686. 4-8-5-4 GOVERNMENT HOMES from $1 (U repair). Alo delinquent tax property. Cll 805-687-6000 Ext. GH-9486 for information. 7-8-35-4 FOR SALE: 1969 Champion Mob. Home. Located Pinehurst Pk. Gvile, Fl., near campus. Tel. 1732-6313, 373-7058 after 5 p.m. 4-9-5-4 A bargcinl 12x60 Bronzewood furn mobile home w/shed, central hel/ac, new carpet, cathedral ceiling, good condition. $3995, 3778124. 4-9-5-4 FOR SALE Since 1977 Car Stereo Speciclists has been selling cop quality car stereos at low discount pices.Come seeust2201 NW 13 St. O cli 372-2070. Opon M-F 1000-700 cd Sat. 10005:00. 4-25-75-5 AM-FM Cassette in-dsh $9.95 AM-FM Digital I-Dash $99.55 100 Watt equilizer $29.95 Full warranty 373-3754 Audio Outet. 4-25-70-5 by Steve Riehm UCgfor1 CAM. AND' A 5fVPf LR .4ncr gLcL1 Drwing tables $69. Computer stands $89. Wood boxes $19. Balans choir $49. Small chest $49. NINA'S NOOK 377-6700818W. Univ. 4-2567-5 Help Broke fromSpring Break* Must sell HO bed complete $300 10 sp. Glass brick bike $150 OBO & car stereo & eq & speakers furniture $300OBO. Call 378-6849. 4-7-4-5 that -its the FURNITURE fcr sale; couch, coffee table, end cconenment6 tables, beds, table and choirs, etc. Call Eric 377-9612. 4-4-3-5 M C MOPED for sale TRAC excl. condition, 6 months old, $400 obo. 371-3495orc371-3434. 4-4-3-5 Honda MS of electrica Leaving town & very willing tosnegotiateon apt condition. $ necessities; supercsingle waterbed, 19 in color T.V., dishes, etc. Unbelievable bargains. '83 Sportste Name your price. Call 375-0702. 4-8-5-5 in leather appreciated 1986 Hondo Spree for sale. Only 450 miles, asking $500 dollars or best offer. Call Vesp Sco Livingstn at 395-8825. 4-7-4-5 $500. With camp, $525. DORM SIZE FRIDGE like new small fridge BUY MY S $100 395-9009. 4-8-5-5 Hondo Elite C11 374-42 TRS -80 MODEL 1 148 K RAM. Includes macnals and programs. Best offer takes all. 371-4642, Moped, T please leave message. 4-4-35 condition, outo-mi x fu Mobile home near UF 12x60, 3 br, with large 4737 addition, ca/ch, gas utiities. $3000. 392-6427 days, 378-3188 evenings. 4-9-5-5 Full sized mattress and boxspring $40, 378-5775 1977 Pont or 371-7652, keep trying. 4-7-3-5 excellent c 373-2068 e Computer terminal and monitor for sale. Zenith ZT-1 -dial up to VAX -full-screen AMC Gr editing -built-in modem. $325 obo. 3766 cylinder, 4047. 4-7-3-5 4-4-3-8 Big Desk $50 b.o. Twin Bed$40b.o. After 6, E 372-0620. 4-4-2-5 Piseet top Surfboard tires. $2,30 Quiet Flight 59'' Twin Fin. Excellent cond. Classic '72 $120. 374-4639. 4-7-3-5 351 Clecel condition, Carstereo: Gruncdig tuner, JVC eq, JVCamp, 8 6x9 spkrs, filter. All $110 obo. Or seperately. Ford a/c $50 obo. Mike 371-1798. 4-9-5-5 1981 Ford two-tone, Bianchi 10-spoed lightweight racing bike, $3,200 obo $150. Ross 10-speed, $50. Bug capper, $20. Typewriters: $60 &$20. 372-564. 4-9-5-5 1976 Mec power, am 6713or371 Moving sale -cruising bike -$90, adding 7-3-8 machine -$30, 72wx64 levolor blinds -$30, cool pool raft -$5, 5 throwpillows -$10, chair -'7Pcsch $5. 372-7014. 4-4-2-5 corb, new -body & it Smith Corona portable electric typewriter, 4-9-5-8 Deile Model with hard ccse. Does not self correct. $75. 378-4107. Leave message. 4-8-4-5 Windsurfer MK Engineering, used, great condition, good learning board, quality Meticul German design. $375, call anytime 376-6551, Scnd Barbaro. 4-7-3-5 4-2n-1 4-25-17-9 Commodore-64 Keyboad, 1541rdisk drive and outomodem. BR Asking $350, coil Lisa 375-2820. 4-7-3-5 Complete Jacuzzi System; 5' sq., Ilounge, 4 seats. Exterior redwood decking, cover, cushions, filter, pump, gs heater, complete Ni plumbing. Excellent condition $3000. Phone eve: 373-1011 or 371-6325. 4-8-4-5 BI Loveseat/chair $90, wicker din. set $60, wicker table $10, white wood table $15, white wood desk/chair $40. Call Lourie 375-7781. 4-9-5-5 For sale: furn. opp. etc. Everything fr an apt. 2-28-40-9 Prices neg. Ccli 372-6830 leave mess. 4-9-5-5 WHAT A DEALI '82 Vesp Moped -Runs great & in good shape $250 obo. Call 375-7280 after We o 5 -keep trying. Its worth ill 4-7-3-5 couns Mandolin, 4 string banjo, ompliftier, sec'y desk, misc. 373-8149. 4-4-2-5 12 CONDO FOR SALE: 2 Bed/ Vs both. Bicins Acrc Forest. $45,000, will finance. Call: 813-9384-25-79-9 7825 doy/813-734-3501 at night. Ask for Tony. 4-3-14-5 SLEEPY HOI *cdig Full size bed, box spring and frame. Bought rcdes*boo new lost semester, $90. Call Diane, 373-1791. ails. 466-3 4-9-10-5 Oriental rug $100, metal desk $100, bed & frame $50, beige rug $75. Leve message 3753729. 4-4-5-5 pm.4-7-7-10 TYPING SERVICE Term papers, resumes, applications. 375-4536 before. 4:30 338-1139ofsr4:3(r 4-25-19-10 Prince Typing Services, 2720 NW 6ht St. Resumes, manuscripts, ,reports. Liee Peos OweseMe. 371-7160. 4-11-8-10 TYPING/WP cll 374-87 3 Yes, quality sev & competitive rates, plus convenient location esl2 blks from Bogelondi 4-25-18-10 THE DISSERTATION DOCTOR BA. English, M. Ed. TypIng Edieorlel Service. Se Kirkpatrick, 376-1781. 4-25-18-10 GARAGE SALES mannequins -rtwork -beer cr fixtures-beeand fun stuff like s worlds coolest ycrd sale -Sat/Sun .m. atAmerica/Metro 15 N Moin tofestivIliil 4-3-1-6 )TORCYCLES 50cc motorcycle. Needs $100-150 1 work, but in otherwise good 145cs is 371-1559. 4-3-5-7 r. Ride in luxury* * Enjoy life 3nd chrome, an investment that is .Good deal. 377-2584. 4-8-5-7 )er 78 125cc, excellent condition, helmet, carry bog, truck loading 332-2030. 4-4-3-7 COOTER & SAVE $300. Brand new 150D, only 10 miles $130) 080. 30, keep trying. 4-8-5-7 homs Silver Bullet, very good recently tuned up, new rear fire, el system. $350.00 neg. 371-7577. AUTOS cc Firebird, automatic, air, V-8, ondition,e 1 owe, asking $1,900. venings. 4-8-5-8 emlin '75 runs, needs some work. 372-0465. ,i.io .79 Crdba, cise, deck withequalizer/boste, ne 0. Call 375-6871 evenings. 4-8-5-8 Mustang Mach 1, Fire Engine Red, and, Mags, New Tires. Very good $2300 or best offer, 378-4106. 4-7-3ranoda L 4-0, PS, PB cruise, oc-fm, V6. Ex. cond. inside 8 out., AC. .374-4639. 4-8-4-8 ury Cougar XR7, utom., cc, all tfm, 97,000 miles, $1200. Call 3926-3912anytime. Levingcountry. 4e 914 -2.0 reblt eng, a/c, weber fuel pump, battery & clutch. Good $3900 00 376-4489or 378-4251. SERVICES STEREO REPAIR ous repair on your beloved stereo. We do it right the firstinmel Ides 2201 NW 13th St. 378-01923 EAD & ROSES Well Women Care ABORTION *Upto 22 weeks irous Oxide -no extra charge 4 Free PregnancyTests RTH CONTROL CLINIC Female Prcctitioners 372-1664 Completely Confidential Clows toCmpus 1233 NW 10th Avenue cross from Center Theatre Pregnant? ffecrobectie nd cofidencial elinge pregnancy t &eseore. All Services Free 377-4947 Crisis PregnancyCenter 204 NW 131h Street. Suite 23 ss fromCiiton Blood Center ALLOW HORSES FARM lessocs hccrides tctril .dig *sles*rentals*rwcoded r224 8 375-80. 4-25-75-9 MINI STORAGE AAA STORAGE -377-1771. Close to UPF& convenient 4x4x4 $10/mo., 4x8x8 $20/in. 535 SW 2nd Ave. 4-25-70-9 ABORTION 'Cci us, we cone" FREE PREGNANCY TESTS *Women prctitioners Licensed OB-GYN (with hospital privileges) Gainesville Women's -Health Center 720 NW 23RD AVENUE 377-5055 We offercchoices to you -a full range of obstetric gynecology services. Serving Ginesville for 11 years. Non profit. 4-25-72-9 * ADOPTION * Consider what is best for the baby. Call Christion FmilsServices at 378-1471. We core. Ask for Kent or Anito. 5-29-25-9 PRE-PAID LEGAL/A Vluable Service Additional income/Reire in 5 Yeats Free Informational Meeting Donaid G. Prao 373-3059 4-25-18-9 BACK BY POPULAR DEMANDI ANOTHER ALL REQUEST FRI & SAT NIGHT CALL 372-6969 THIS WEEKEND TV 69 4-3-1-9 MEET VAN HALEN! IN PERSON FROM FLA'S TV69 4-10-6-9 TYPING SERVICES Fm Quality Use A Professional Professional Typing 917NW 13th St. 373-9822 Recorded on diskettes or meg cads dissectations thesesmanuscripts 4-25-75-10 For the best professional typing and editing Hogtown Typing, 375-8333. Specializing in law, arch, theses, and dissertctions. 4-25-6810. *WORD PROCESSING* Professioolqulity at student prices. Quickturnaround. Hours by appointment, 8 a.m.-8 p.m. Call Debbie, 378-7128. 4-25-62-10 Typing, fast and accurate, reasoocble rates, minor editing, proofreading. Cll Beverly at 372-6253. 4-25-75-10 Typing, fast and accurate papers, theses, dissertations. Experienced. Proofreading. Reasonable rates. Coll Lola 378-6642. 4-25-5910 **Word Processing***Typing** ResumnesO Reports letters Theses ApplicationsO Etc. 376-5465*We're coseto campus * AlochoWord Pocessing ** 4-25-27-10 Word Processing, Typing, Bkkpig & Notary, Grod school exp. Prof quality 14 yrs. exp. spelling ckd NW section, Down 332-3913. 4-2540-10 TYPING/from $1/pg. ppes/thess/dissrt./15 ys. expert. in legl/medical/engr. terms as former court rptr. Excel. spelling/proofing. Call Jill. 377-9647. 4-25-58-10 For the right type, call Kathy, 376-9527. Expert professional service. Reasonable rates. 4-2542-10 WORD PROCESSING/TYPING Resumes, reports, cover letters. 377-0460, MF/9-5 p.m. Gainesville Word Processing Center. 4-23-30-10 TYPING: Legal, theses, dissertotions, reports, professional quality, dependable service. Nancy, 372-2750. 4-4-30-10 lost Word-ProcwelIg in owe. 1-dy saielcm. Good Schol apped. Term ppes sic. CPM DOScempe. Lois. 377-0528. 4-25-26-10 * *TYPING372-7856MARG**** Scmeday/overnite spelling ckd, terpopers, theses, resumes, letters, etc. 3436 NW 17th St. 4-25-29-10 Typing -107 cwpm, 14 yrs legl sec. experience, reasonable, ccurote, quality work, calliJeannetteeot378-8653 from 9 a.m. to 8 if 

PAGE 18

18, alligator, thursday april 3, 1986 alli gator classifieds v-Rush Job Typing Servicer -,One hour turn around/No paper refused. A Ph.D. on staff io edit pacr paper. 52.25/ntAnaryds pg/4ONW 13h St. 4-25-18.10 Resumes in one day! Typeset w/10 copies $24.95//Reports & copying, typesetting, priinig & bindery, 34th Si Plaa 373-9950. 427-1710. Typing: Reports. term papers, thesis, etc Fast servicenC ose to campus. Call Carolyn 3746796 449 ?iii WANTED GOLD & DIAMONDS Top Cash or Trade OZZIE'S JEWELRY Appointment 373-9243 4-25-72-11 Wantied:Halithy,tnn-obese mn, agess 50m0 75 years) on nro mediaton,frlbonratyad psychological studies involving normal sexual behavior. Appropriate volunteers will be paid. Call Mark, 392-2612, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Mon-Fri. 4-25-26-11 MASSAGE TABLE WANTED 376-6356. 4-4-5-11 Wanted: Robin Williams fix 2 to 4 front row seats (or near front row). Call 376-4055. 4-4-3-11 WANTED: Experienced bass player to join a recently signed heavy metal band. Serious inquiries only. Great opportunity. Call 3350620. 4-4-3-11 HELP WANTED All Positions needed at an Easter Seal campfor handicapped children and adults. Camp Challenge, Rt I Box 350, Sorrento, FL 32776. 418-35-12 Full or part-time laborers needed. Earn up to $15.00 on hour. No experience necessary. Call 1813)886-7151 exi. 12. 4-10-20-12 Do you need money? Sell Avon full or part time -earn up to 50% commission 375-8967. 4-4-50-12 ** ** *** * ** *** * Business Office Clerk Needed Summer Semester Onil Must be student, work 20 hours a0WU flexible hours, will train. Apply delly b4twn 9end. S. Independent Florida Alligator. 105 West University Ave. No phone calls please. AA/EOE. 13-32-0-12 Advertising Sales Rep -(Compus Territory) Must be enrolted student. Summer semester. Must be available 12-15 hrs/wk. $3.35/hr. Should be very organized. Must be able to work with customers, be good of moth A spelong, willing to prepare ad layouts and order forms in great detail, neatly. All work must be done in accordonce with strict deadlines. pickup applications of The Alligator, )105 W. Univ. Ave. Applications must be returned by noon, Friday, April 11. No phone cails. AA/EOE. 4-11-11-12 Advertising Sales Reps. -Must be enrolled students. Summer 1 Fall positions open. Must be available 15 plus hours per week In Summer (at 25 hours/wk in the Fall). Should be very organized. Must be able to work with customers, be good at moth and spoiling, willing to prepare ad layouts and order forms In great detail, neatly. A work must be done In accordance with strict deadlines. Pick up applications at The Alligator, 1105 W. Univ. Ave. Applications must be returned by noon, Friday, April 11. No phone calls. AA/EOE. 411-11-12 $ADD EXTRA CASH$ THIS AD WORTH $17 TonNew Donors on 2nd Visit or who haven'tCdnhadinlst 3 mos. Noen Cash Scheduleo. Free coffee & cookies daily. Birmntnli raffle far a .6. GAINESVILLE PLASMA 378-9431 238 SW 4th Ave. Mon/Wed/Fri 8-3 Tues/Thurs 10-7 Sat 10-2 4-10-40-12 SUMMER JOBS. Avg. $1300/month + cll. credit. Send name, major, phone # to: Summer Work, PO Box 12455A, Gainesville, 32604. SWco. 4-7-5-12 WRITERS and PHOTOGRAPHERS for a Greek oriented magazine. Send S.A.S.E. to: Greek QuOarterly, Box 465, DeKolb, 160115. 4-7-5-12 SUMMER WORK! Must have 2.5+ GPA. Avg. $395 a week. Call 378-2866. SW co. 4-7-5-12 *Peace Corps* Who needs Peace Corps? Find out 392-2394. 48-5-12 GOVERNMENT JOBS. $16,040 -$59,230/yr. Now hiring. Call 805-687-6000 Ext. R-9486 for current federallist. 8-18-45-12 A-i Laborers needed now. Earn $14.50 per hour, full or.port time. Coll between 9:00 a.m. to 9 p.m. Ask for personnel. 1-813-886-7151 425-18-12 Pharmacy Technician -Community Pharmacy tull ime -experience preferred, salary commensurate. PO. Bax 4070 GaIle 32613. 48-.5-12 RENTAL MANAGER upper division, grad student tar '"'e rooted to moles. Raam''acanged for work. 376-6652, 378-8122. Near UF. 4-1813-12 Recreation/PE aid needed for after school program hrs. 2:30 -5. For information call 3734475. 4-4-3-12 Port-time Job. Steady monthly income. Limited positions available. Send naome, address and starp: D&D Publishing, N. Grosvenordole, CT 06255. 4-8-5-12 Aerobics Exercise Instructor port-time mornings and early afternoon. Elanes Health & Figure Dalon. 376-9133, 372-1744. 4-8-5-12 Resort Hotels, CruiseLines & AmusementParks are now accepting applications for employmenti To receive on application and information, write: Tourism information Services. P.O. Box 7881, Hilton Head Island, SC 29938. 4-8-5-12 ;4/4/86 AQUATICS The YMCA ishiring certified lifeguards & swim instructors. Call 376-7172. 4-7-4-12 Part-time late night cashier, 24 hrs. per week (3 -8 hour shifts). Apply Oaks Mall Chevron. Start immediately. 4-4-3-12 Overseas jobs. Summer, yr. round. Europe, S. Amer., Australia, Asia. All fields. $900-2000 mo. Sightseeing. Free info. Write IJC, PO Bx 52FL2, Corona Del Mar, CA 92625. 4-3-10-12 SECRETARY -PARTTIME, neat printing, some typing, close to UF. Call 377-0040 -leave name& number. 4-7-6-12 NEW ENGLAND BROTHER/SISTER CAMPS (Mass.) Mah-Kee-Nac for Boys/Danbee for Girls. Counselor Positions for Program Specialists: All Team Sports, especially Baseball, Basketball, Soccer, plus Archery, Ritlory, and Biking. 25 Tennis openings. Also, Performning Arts. Gymnastics, Rocketry, Rapes Course; All Waterfront Activities -including Swimming, Skiing, Small Craft; plus Overnight Camping, computers, Woodcraft and more. Inquire: J & D Camping, 190 Linden Avenue, Glen Ridge, NJ 07028. Phone (201) 429-8522. 4-3-2-12 Summer/Fall Openings for Administrative Coordinators in Housing. Applicants must be grads or srs with a GPA of 2.2 or more. Position is live-in, half-time with administrative and supervisory duties. Applications and position descriptions available from the Housing Office next to Beaty Towers. The Division of Housing is an EEO employer. Deadline: Monday April 7, 4 p.m., Housing Office. 4-4-3-12 Art, art ed, advert, part-time job begin summer term. $3.75 per hour to start. Job involves ort lettering. Reply to Box 286, Gville 32601. 4-85-12 COUNSELORS:Summer boys resident camp in N.E. High salary, travel allowance for students with skills in basketball, baseball, soccer, sailing, tennis, archery, fencing, computer, pioneering, ropes, bicycling. Also openings for RNs, LPN's. For further information call 914-381-5983 or write to Camp Winodu, 5 Glen Lane, Mamaroneck, N.Y. 1043. 4-4-3-12 $ ADD EXTRA CASH $ THIS AD WORTH $ 17 To newdonors on 2nd Visit or who haven't donated in lost 3 mos. New Cash Schedule. Free coffee and cookies daily. Bi-monthly raffts for a T.V. GAINESVILLE PLASMA378-9431 238 SWd4Ave. Mac/Wed/Fri 8-3 Tues/Thurs 10-7 Set 10-2 4-10-40-12 Entry-Level Retail Management Exciting Career Opportunity ROBBY'S SPORTS We're looking for: *Coreer-oriented *Positive-thinking *Sports-minded men and women to join our rapidly expanding retail chain as entry-level manager-traineen. Be a pert of one of the fastest growing sporting goods companies in Americo. Apply in person at Robby'sSports, The Oaks Mall, 4-4-3-12 Attention Marketing Majors. Business man with money and exp. with little time, needs assistant for research and various tasks. Photography, advertising, printing. Great potential:tar aggressive student lokingetar exp. in all three areas. Render Photagraphy 481-4165. Salary negotiable. 4-4-2-12 Living quarters & utilities in exchange for night attendant duties. Call 376-7558, ask for Gene. 4-9-5-12 SAVE ON RAYBANS University Opticians 300 SW. 4th Ave. 378-4480 4-25-75-13 Unwanted Hair Removed Eartner.3 0 yeats rap. Edmund Dwiyer, Eloctrlagist. 4040 Newberry Rd. Suite 1350, 372-8039. 4-25-75-13 GAY SWITCHBOARD 332-0700 Call About Tues. Night Activities Something Different Every Week 4-25-75-13 Ladies make money We buy & sell good used clothing. Call Second Act, 373-8527. 4-25-75-13 PASSPORT PHOTOS READY IN 60 SECONDS. Media Image Photography 21 SE 2nd Place 3751911. 4-25-61-13 Speed Sale All ladies swimwor 10-30% off. Men's suits, goggles and accessories 10% off with mention of this ad. Lloyd Clarke Sports 1504 NW 13 St. 372-7836. 4-4-4-13 Tired of parking problem at UF? Work with other students who ore just as concerned. Applications for Associate Justice, PR Staff, and Student/UPD Advisory Board nowa vailable at the Traffic Court. Applications due April 7. 4-44-13 AlarmslI For your CAR. Stereos, tool We will install your own equipment, also. MOBILE TEK 374-0664. 4-4-7-13 HYPERTENSION? HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE? We are testing a naturally occurring food substance as treatment for high blood pressure. It works great in rats. We wont to know if it works in people, too. Need 30 volunteers for 20 week period. If interested, coil Dr. Robert Code at 392-8952. 49-10-13 Surf City! The latest styles of Quiksilver, Jimmy'z, Jams, GotchoA Catchit in stock nowl Shirts, t-shirts & sunglasses, tool Check us out. Lloyd Clarke Sports 1504NW 13St. 372-7836. 4-4-4-13 Horseback riding at TallOaks. $6.00 hr. 7mi W. of -75 on #24 to S.W. 19 C. S. 1 mi. Free lesson on Wed, Thurs, & Fri as a bonus. 495-3127. 4-43-13 TENNIS RACQUETS $9.99 Dunlop wood. Covers $4.00 & $5.00. Stringing $9.88. Athletic Attic Outlet. Oaks Plaza. 378-2426. 4-8-5-13 NICKEL BEER AND 25C well brandseverylThumsnite at Heaven. $3 cover for men & women. 18 E Univ. 9 p.m. -2 a.m. 376-2226. 4-3-2-13 Wile D. ThanksIfor making my Spring Break.FANTASTICI Elephant ShoesI Nu Tsobotshu. 4-3-113 Patty, Sex is not bad. Mistakes arel Sincerely, Paul. PLANNED PARENTHOOD. 376-9000. 4-31-13 PASSOVER FREEDOM For a nInspirational message, 378-3359. 4-95-13 Record collectors show & sole at Downtown Holiday Inc on Sat. Apr. 12 trom 10 a.m. to 5 -p.m.i o fsnPs&45s.orsole. Call 376-1472. 4-11-7-13 NAPLES GETAWAY 1 wk (4/26 -5/3), 2 bdrm/2 LONG JOHN SILVERS both, comp. ftr (dishes, linens, etc.), lux resort Now Hiring Cashiers and Cooks, 1235 NW 16th apt. Pool, spa, patio bar & more. 3 blks from Ave. 4-9-5-12 beach. Accom. 6, share cost w/friends. $750. 378-8840. 4-9-5-13 *NEED A JOB?* Gator Employment has the right job for youl Full & part time iobs available. Student discounts. Call for appt. 374-6796. 4-7-3-12 HELP WANTED Bash Riprocks 1222 W. University, waitress, drivers, bouncers& cooks. 4-7-3-12 PERSONALS Beach (bich) n. a sandy shore. 4-3-2-13 THE 4TH TOUR PACK FROM TV69 VAN HALENI WATCH FOR DETAILS TV69 4-9-5-13 The Ultimate Game Mac Against Man Realistic War Game Team Aganst Team Quality Paint Guns Info & Res 373-4518, 495-2357 4-25-17-13 Families needed for study on the effects of marital discord and child behavior problems, need at least 1 son between 5-12 yrs. No major marital conflicts, last approx. I hr. Call 3735347. 4-4-1-13 DON'T GET A DWI eHundreds of experts agree *Proven, effective -double your money-back guarantee Send $5.00 K eor m to: JT Klein 4300 NW 23rd Ave, #6 Gainesville, Fl 32605. 4-7-4-13 INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS: Recently published, Guide to Greencard from F/J/H Visas. For free details send refundable $1.00 (P&H): Immigration Publications, P.O. Box 515991, Dallas, TX 75251. 4-4-5-13 Christian Hosoi $45.99 Great selection of hot boards including Walker Scorpion, Sims Staab, Sims Pro Rocco, Schmitz Stix Lucero, Vision Gonzales. All aces. alsol Lloyd Clarke Sports is where it's atl 1504 NW 13 St. 372-7836. 4-4-4-13 SUMMER JOBS. Avg. $1300 per month + coll. credit. Send name, major, phone # to: Summer Work, PO Box 12455A, G'ville, 32604. ******SW co. 4-7-5-13 SKYDIVE Learn to skydive with the Williston Skydiers. Jump course starts Set. and Sun. at 10:00 am., 376-1096. Group rates and weekday instruction available by appointment. 4-10-50-13 CONNECTIONS FUZZY KITENSIII Lng-aied, black & white mix, seeking stable, loving homes only. Eves. 373-8781. 4-4-3-14 Sing fm 31, seeks sing m & f afor concert, travel, outdoors, talk, etc, poerm friendship, no smoke/drugs/hvy alcohol; write: Box 13169, Gainesville 32604. 4-9-5-14 GROUP FUNI 3's not a crowd, it's a party when you're with ual We are 3 intelligent, attractive partying women who'd like to meat men of similar stature. Indiv. & group replies welcome & encouraged. Reply to PO Box 13186, Gille 32604-3186. Enclose ph. no. 4-4-2-14 RIDES Miami -840 R/T -$2500/1WWEEKLY. Leave Friday/ReurrSundoy -New 30-Pssenger Bu. Ride Ceap/Comfortably/Fst/Sfe -332-6182 -(305)221-9281. 4-4-48-15 Rider needed hooding towards Cleveland. Leaving approx. May 3. 375-4227. 4-9-5-15 PETS Desperately seeking home for cute tiger-like kitten, 8 wks old, already housebroken. Please call 332-7692. 4-43-16 LOST AND FOUND Lost cat, long hair, black gray striped with white chest, mole. NW 6 Ave -ghetto. Call 375-6388, answers to Jack. 4-7-3-17 Lost: "WOOBIE" at Lafayette Motel Ft. Laudrdale. Rewrd; Salisbury State College girls aill be thanklll Mary 9041 376-5364. Lemons & toorcakesalove Stevie. 4-3-1-17 FOUND: ladies bracelet on W. Univ. Ave. between Alligator & Mr. Ray on 4/1/86. Call 376-4446 to identify. Ask for Jayne before 2 p.m. 4-4-3-17 When you give to United way you give to Older F AmserIcans 00 BASH RIPROCKS 1222 W. University 372-0044 FREE CHEESECAKE' strawbeny, blueberry or cher rI with purchase of any entree. 1 Dine In only, 11:00 am to 5:00 pm I .valid through 4/6/86 I mMmi=n= -m in.= =MMM ==M i We Rent Transportation: CARS-TRUCKS *VANS STUDENT DISCOUNTS CHECK OUR WEEKEND SPECIALS Daily-Weekly-Monthly Call and ask about our Special Rates TODAY! 372-2561 GATOR AUTO s 3535 N. Main St LEASING P Fast Free Delivery* PIZZA SALAD PIZZAMA N SODA EXPRESS 8 sc~et Gampus & OPEN FOR NE & NW SW Area LUNCH 376-2832 I 378-2415 Ask SUPER SUB SPECIAL for:SPCA 2 for only $3.15 regularva lue b .30 no coupon necessary. 2-' Italian Subs expires, U --------------------------------i -------------------------- 

PAGE 19

-I r allsgam, xsthuseapril 3'.1986 19 Delta Chi-Chi Omega & Present The Wildest College Party Ever! F L A 0 F Fri. April 4th at 9pm at the DELTA CHI house 6 Feat Row $3.00 Presale $3.50 at door Music by: Rhythm & Blues Revue & Paradise NCAAs from page 16 making the Lady Gators bridesmaids two years in a row. They had entered the championships ranked No. I along with Stanford by Swimming World. Texas was ranked No. 3 but regained its championship forn to win. Stanford, last year's men's champion, hopes for similar results in today's meet, which runs through Saturday. Stanford coach Skip Kenney boasts four individual champions on his squad, with Pablo Morales, John Closer from page 16 Washington in the No. 2 position. The RQS will play an even more important role for Coach Ernestine Weaver's team if it fails to upset the Bulldogs. The score will be multiplied by two and then added to the teams' regional championship score. That number is then divided by The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc. publisher of the iEndepentdent I hwida alligator announces the opening for the position of Managing Editor Summer Senmester Applications for this paid position are available at the Alligator classified advertising desk in the lobby at 1105 W. University Ave. from 8 am -4 pm, Monday through Friday. Applications must be returned to the same desk prior to 4 pm, Monday, April 7. This is an absolute deadline. Interviews and selection by the Board of Directors will be held at a meeting open to the public, Sunday, April 13, beginning at 10:30 a.m. Applicants must be present at that time to be considered for the position. The meeting will be held at the Alligator offices at 1105 W. University Ave. Applicants must be degree-seeking college or university students. The Alligator is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer jl IIKS plenum JOHN WiLEY Springer-Verlag 'r4_e% cY*0 N \c:I:7 ,1 &aSONS, Inc. eiem Ile-d-e, g New YeaS lolgy, 311 Jossey-Bass MVan Nostrand Reinhold AV(3. &ittf def's HARPER & ROW (Academic .M GRAW-HILL SPress m~oC The above are major publishers of professional books. We may be able to save you time and money if you need any of their tifies. Call GOERINGS, 378-0363. We are open from 10:00 to 9:00. Sunday 10:00 to 5:00. %Addison-Wesey UMJEMI PS t~.vmwvs soffet, Jeff Kostoff and Sean points, it held off Stanford and Murphy among his 14 swimmers and second-place Texas. two divers. Reese counters with only 13 swimmers and one diver, junior Scott Fosdick. It is the smallest squad Rem has taken to the NCAAs in the last four years. Historically, Reese has relied on overall team depth as opposed to strong individual swimmers. On his 1984 championship team, Reese only had one individual winner and one relay winner. Stanford, which finished third that year, had five individual event winners. But because UF had 15 swimmers score three to determine a team's National Seeding Score. The teams with the nation's five highest seeding scores after the regional champ winners will be invited to join in at the festivities in Gainesville on April 1819. The complicated formula is used for several reasons. It allows for teams to qualify for the nationals, although they may be grouped with the nation's best teams. The top two teams in the nation, UF cannot afford for anyone to have a bad meet when there are only 13 swimmers. But the seniors won't be swimming alone. Sophomore Paul Wallace was the Southeastern Conference's "Swimmer of the Year," breaking his own conference record in the 200-yard individual medley. With Wallace and fellow underclassmen Duffy Dillon, Jerry Frentsos, Jayme Taylor, Jason Gorrie, David Fairbanks and John Whitner, this year's NCAAs may just be the beginning of a new era. Utah and Arizona State, are in the Midwest region as are four other teams in the Top 20. The wildeard formula gives teams in a competitive region, such as Arizona and Utah State, a relatively equal chance of making the nationals. This formula also offers teams that have been successful throughout the season, but have an off night, a chance to qualify for nationals. Utah could miss a few routines and end with 184 but still qualify for nationals because more weight is placed on the RQS. OAKS 6 EAST OAKS 4 WEST 378-8818 ImmE nII&L 111111EA I SLEEPING BEAUTY (G) -8~118 N M F UU 2:00, 4:00 ($2.00@ 6:00) 8:00 PRETTY IN PINK (PG-13) MONEY PIT (PG) 2:15 ($2.00@ 5:00) 7:30, 9:45 2:15 ($2.00@ 5:15) 7:30, 9:55 DOWN AND OUT IN LUCAS (PG-1 3) BEVE RLY HILLS (R) 2:30 ($2.00@ 5:30) 7:45, 10:15 2:3 ( .0@ :1 74.:5 COLOR PURPLE (PG-13) THE CARE BEARS (G) 1:15, 4:15,.7:15, 10:15 2:00 ($2.000 5:30) 8:00 HOUSE (R) KNIGHTS OF CITY (R) 2:30 ($2.00@ 5:30) 8:00. 10:15 95 TRIP TO BOUNTIFUL (PG) RAD (PG) 2:00 ($2.00@ 5:00) 7:30. 9:55 215 ($2.00@ 5:00) 7:30.9:45 Final Clearance Ski Parkas 50% OFF All goggles, Mbs, stretch pants, T-necks, Thermals, skis, bindings, boots, gloves, also reduced. S& us EWEa Sx ki h a Lad os.m he aIn d see Gabesvs's Best Swinwow Coemee we cam sit mY body abiesL 1 Swimn & Ski C-Uituy 3SISW 2 we. m ssid, 7S1 AKS MALL 10 DAILY TWI-LITESHOW M A a mn r" SM&U AM Ma~ 0 The Center for Jewish Studies presents: ZALMAN SCHACHTER-SHALOMI "Text anI Spirit" An interview/conversation with THEODOR H. GASTER THURSDAY APRIL 3 GANNET AUD. 7:30 p.m. U U 4 U F Aff m RL I I F I I I I 

PAGE 20

20, alligator, thursday april 3, 1986 UF senior swimmers back where they started NCAA's begin where Gators won first title By DEREK CATRON Alligator Writer It is the end of an era for UF swimming. With the men's swimming NCAA Championships beginning today in the Indiana University Natatorium in Indianapolis, the class of '86 has returned to the same pool where it won UF's first NCAA swimming championship in 1983. But in order for UF to claim its third title in the four years those seniors have competed, it is the seniors who must produce. "We need them to swim well if we plan on having a chance," UF head coach Randy Reese said. But pressure to produce is nothing new for the class of '86. It is the most successful class in UF swimming history, having amassed 46 AllAmerica honors and nine school records. And the desire for more success is there. "Everyone's attitude has been good," Reese said. "Our seniors have been working hard, and they are practicing like they want it." Just as they wanted i t three years ago as freshmen. In that NCAA Championship, UF. ALLIGATOR PHOTO Mike Heatha Gator gold medalist, swims against Texas in a Indianapolis, where UF won its first national championship home loss last season. He and the other seniors return to in 1983. held a slim lead over SMU and Texas going into the last event, the 400yarl freestyle relay. Upperclassmen Geoff Gaberino and Donald Gibb opened up a lead in the first two legs of the race. Freshman Albert Mestre maintained the lead, but the race would be decided by the anchor men, UF freshman Mike Heath and SMU's Steve Lundquist, the NCAA recordholder in both the 100-and 200-yard breaststrokes. Heath held on to win by less than half a second to give the Gators the national championship. UF won again the next year and finished second in 1985. Before the seniors arrived in the fall of 1982, the best UF had finished was third in 1981. Since their arrival, the worst UF has finished is second. This year, Swimming World magazine has predicted that the Gators will knock off defending champion Stanford and once again reign as the NCAA's best. But being predicted to win and actually winning are not the same thing, as the UF's women's team found out March 20-22 in the NCAA Championships. Texas repeated as national champions, topping UF 633-586 and see NCAAs, page 15 Top tumblers nearer to Gainesville By ERNEST HOOPER Alligator Staff Writer The pageantry of gymnastics meets may be unique in collegiate sports. At the beginning of each meet, the teams march onto the gym floor like tiny tin soldiers, as music blares over the PA system. Each team is led by a flagbearing ROTC member sporting his 1 GeoAg S18847 1. n St. 18.28 1 dress uniform. Tho flag he carries 2. 1.7 2180. 1464 2I matches that of the team that parades behind hins. After this weekend's NCAA Regional Championships, officials at UF will know what flags they need to match the colors of each team when the Gators host the nationals. But the process will be 1.Utah 18.64 1. Cal-St.Fullarton 185.24 more difficult than simply taking the top 2 AemoR St 187.56 2. Waahington 184.54 two teams from each of the five regioiials. .* tiRegional qifying scme, am asrge score based on the iwo best home perfonnreces, the two bee The winner of each regional receives grk"nCesp ne an automatic bid to the nationals, but five wildcard bids will make up the rest UF competes in the Southeast all six teams in each region averagii of the ten-team field. Regional at Morgantown, W. Va., in the or higher. Leading the way is fou The Regional Qualifying Score, which hopes of upsetting top-seeded Georgia. national champ Utah with the n0 is used to determine which teams Alabama will be a heavy favorite over highest regional qualifying compete at the regionals, also determine LSU in the Central Region. In the 187.64. Arizona State will be the which of the five teams earn wildcard Northeast, Penn State and Ohio State are Utes'strongest challenge in the Mi berths. The RQS is based on a team's two seeded one and two respectively. But the with a RQS of 187.55. highest home scores, two highest road Lady Lions, at home in University Park, In the West Region Cal scores and one other score. UF's RQS of Pa., have a slight edge. Fullerton is seeded first 185.7 earned the Gators the No. 2 seed in In the Midwest and West regions the the Southeast Region behind Georgia. teams should be more competitive, with see Closer, p 0 away ng 181 r-time nation's score, Lady west, -State with age 15 ,Melissa Miller, a UF freshmanfrom Pensacola, performs on the parallel bars against Alabama earlier this year. UF track athletes head to Texas LEE MAUS UF's Chris Crowther leaps a hurdle during last week's Florida Relays at Percy Beprd Track. By TAMI MORRELL Alligator Writer At the practice field next to Percy Beard Track, Colleen Rosensteel drops six discuses on the ground near the circle. She picks one up and carefully positions it in her hand. Spinning around, she throws the discus, which leaves her left hand and flies through the air. It thuds on the grass, nearly 160 feet away. "Keep your left foot high," UF assistant women's coach Scott Irving says to her. She tries again. This time her placement is good, with her right foot getting past her left. "It could be faster," Irving says. She tries one isore time. The discus goes down the left sector line. "It needed to be a lot slower," Rosensteel said. Rosensteel, along with sine UF track athletes and 1,500 othe participants, compete in Austin, Texas, for the Texas Relays Friday and Saturday. Lady Gator Solvi Nybu and All-America Lori Mercer are slated to compete in the javelin, while Rosensteel and Janet Matthews will compete in the discus. UF's national champion 4 x 800 relay team will compete as well. "Our 4 x 800 relay team ran very well indoors and they are coming off of a break from the indoor season and should be the favorite in that event," UF women's head coach Lyle Knudson said. Nybu and Mercer have qualified for the outdoor national championships along with javelin thrower Clarinda Wilson. Rosensteel needs only two feet-seven inches inore than her season best 165-11 to qualify for nationals, but she is looking to throw for more than 170 feet this weekend. "Every week, Colleen is performing at a higher level," Irving said. Wind conditions are an important factor in the outcome of a throw. "The conditions were more ideal for the javelin throwers than they were conducive for the discus throwers at the Florida Relays," Irving said. "If Colleen and Janet get the right conditions, then that will help immensely with their distances." The women distance runners are headed for the Florida Junior College Invitational Saturday in Jacksonville. -The primary competition is iirschses, Knudson said. UF isen's head coach Joe Walker is sending pole vaulter David Watson and mile runner Jeff Pigg to the Texas Relaxys. This is an exclusive inet and it is limited," Walker said. iW could iase snt some relays, but this year they are not quitc strong enough,. Watson is t he only Gaitor t o qualify ifstr the NCAA Championshipsl tis sason. It qualified with a vault of 176 i during thindoor season. Watson is pleased that li has already qualified. It takes a little pressure off of" siand helps me relax during the rest of the inets, Watson said. I can now train for the national ieet instead of training for each individual meett' Last year, Pigg, who competed last year for Missouri, finished second in the 1,500 at 3:47.5. Pigg finished behind NCAA cross-country champion Tim Hacker of Wisconsin at 3:46.8. I 87. 18, 77M-777!777 0 
