
PAGE 1

the Independent florid a alligato volu m e 74, n o. 1C."~~~~~~A. Fished: by Co mpus Communecatonm, In of Goneswilo. Flotd ; Not off, olly ossoc cotd -th the Un-emtay of Flo,k h rda ,a r ,1 8 volume 74, no. 104 thursday, april 2, 1981 Tuition hikes, university expansion face Legislature Editor's Note: This is the second of a series of articles about issues before the 1981 Florida Legislature, which convenes Tuesday in Tallahassee. my Robert McClure Alligator Staff Writer Farmer and politician Sid Martin says he's been "doing a lot of spade work" lately. He's getting ready for "a lot of talk and a lot of fussin' when 160 lawyers, investors, farmers -such as Martin, a LEGISLATURE democratic representative from Hawthorne -and others who make up the state's governing body come to the towering white Capitol Building next Tuesday. For those lawmakers who haven't done their plowing, as Martin has, the harvest they bring back for the people they're supposed to be fussin' for will be a meager one. UF students and professors have an important stake in this year's crop -an extra $17 million from the state for oscilloscopes, financial aid counselors and library books, among other necessities forrunning a 33,000-student university during inflation-crazed times. Gov. Bob Graham and legislative leaders have said citizens statewide have an important stake in beefing up what local state Sen. George Kirkpatrick recently called "a Majik Market system of (higher) education." Questions sure to face the Legislature are: ,. should the state make 40 percent more from university students' fees'two years from now? Graham wants to hike undergraduate tuition by an average of $97.50 yearly for students taking the equivalent of 15 credits for three quarters a year. o' should the younger brothers and sisters of today's university students have a rougher time getting into college than their elder siblings? See 'Education' page seven Gov. Bob Graham favors a hike in student tuition that he says would fund the quality Improvement program. Clermont man says no income tax, no nuthin' no Roert McClure Alligator Staff Writer There should be no income tax, no student loans, no government regulations, no goverpment banks -in short, no nuthin' that's not in the U.S. Constitution, says an 82-year-old Clermont man who has the ear of a state senator. Al Nelson, for seven years the state chairman of a right-wing anti-income tax group, has convinced freshman Sen. Richard Langley, a 'Clermont Republican, to file a resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the 16th Amendment to the Constitution, which in 1913 established the income tax. Nelson is part of a nationwide conservative group called the "Liberty Amendment Committee of the USA" based in El Cajon, Calif. Required reading for the Liberty Amendmenters includes Where the Money Went, described by Nelson as a sizzling expose on some 500 government agencies operating without constitutional authority. Also a must is Actions For Americans, which shows how the government should operate without relying on income or inheritance taxes, Nelson said. Nelson said he knows he's fighting a lonely uphill battle. He doesn't have any idea how many people support the group. But he's adamant -the income tax must go. How would the government survive? "That's what everyone worries about," Nelson said with a laugh. "The income tax comprises less than 42 percent of the government's income. If you cut out more than 50 percent of the government's expenses, you don't need an income tax." Langley said he filed the resolution as a See 'income tax' page five Local El Salvadorans recall their strife-torn nation 

PAGE 2

2, alligator, thursday, opril 2, 1981 Local man arrested, charged with first-degree murder By Dana McElroy Alligator Staff Writer After a two-day search, Alachua County sheriff's deputies arrested Timothy Robert Burgess in Northeast Gainesville late Wednesday and charged him with the first degree murder of a Gainesville man. Alachua County sheriff's deputies found the dismembered body of 34-year-old Allen Foster Tuesday in a wooded area he owned in Fairbanks, a town about five miles north of Gainesville. Sheriff's deputies began the search Monday after Foster was reported missing for two days. Police found Foster's body near his pickup truck, which was behind his trailer. Deputy Michael Lentz said the 37-year-old Burgess is believed to be armed. Burgess is on probation for possessing a firearm without a license. The cause of Foster's death was undetermined. Lentz said an autopsy was being done. Neighbors said that Burgess was a tenant of Foster's and that Foster had tried to evict him. Foster bought the land about seven years ago but did not live there. He made occasional visits to check on the property. One neighbor, Floyd Hanna, said his 10year-old daughter said she heard fighting, gunshots and screams Saturday afternoon. She reported hearing only two shots, pojice said. Foster's wife, Elaine, stayed with friends while the search was going on. Police describe Burgess as about 6-feet-4 inches tall with thinning reddish hair. By Joy Kenyon Alligator Writer Your favorite teacher could be the recipient of the UF Presidential Medallion. The University Committee on Academic Affairs will be taking nominations for the "Teacher/Scholar of the Year Award" until April 24. "We are looking for a teacher committed to overall growth and development," said committee chairman James Wattenbarger. Although nominations for the award must come from deans and department heads, students can take part in the process by recommending their favorite instructors to the department heads. The Presidential Medallion award program stresses a scholar's publications, but students' and colleagues' opinions also are considered, Wattenbarger said. The winner will be notified by the end of spring quarter. The medallion will be awarded during a ceremony next fall. Weather Today's forecast: mostly cloudy and warm, with a 20 percent chance of early showers. Clearing this evening and turning cooler. Highs near 80 (27 C), I ws in the mid 50s(llto 14C). A, AWSTT SEE!40 "HE WORWFAMOUS" I GREAT WHITE STALLIONS FIRST TIME IN GAINESVILLE Sat. April 4-8 PM Sun. April 5-2:30 PM at O'Connell Center Tickets are: $6.50 and $7.50 reserved seats ($2.00 discounts for Senior Citizens, Children under 12, and Students) Available at: Blk Lindsey (Both locations) Union Box Office 392-1653 for mail orders UF committee seeks nominees for 'Teacher/Scholar' award LAST FALL YOU DIDN'T EVEN GET A CHANCE. 0 Six Months ago, only one party ran candidates for SG elections.We think that's a farce Sun Party supports openness in Student Government 0 We're Holding open slating. We think anyone qualified should run. *Come see us at Reitz Union room 337 for interviews 11 am-5pm Slate in tlye Sunshine with Sun Party students unite now PASPPmWCALAV55nshMe I-I---_______________________________________ I 

PAGE 3

alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981, 3 UF told to fix roads or pay up Wy8MIchael Szyntenski Aligator Staff Writer ette Prepare for a back-jolting, body-jostling, neckbe c jarring experience when taking a "nice drive" around campus. whe The thuds, clanks and hisses resounding along bumthos py UF roads during the campus rush hours concern road UF administrators, but they say they can do nothing Arn about it yet. T1 If they don't, Regional Transit System officials buses threaten to ask UF for up to $2,000 for bus repair trar bills. Instead, UF administrators plan to reroute the hav buses for half a mile. But that can't last long, transit In officials say. rero Veterinary student Paul Humphlett said a compact only car could get lost in one of the potholes on some UF H roads. A few Gainesville bicycle store managers said the I bikers have lost tire rims along the cavernous roads pus, surrounding Lake Alice. New Until the Florida Legislature pitches in money to fix part the roads, UF is patching pits with limerock -which 0 washes away in the rain. But when legislators visit UF cha -such as Sen. Pat Frank and Education Committee steal member' and State University System Chancellor Barsoe bara Newell visiting last quarter -they get the hint Bled when they are taken on the grand bumpy tour over ticu UF's worst roads, said Administrative Affairs Vice R President William Elmore. Reg The UF Physical Plant barely has money to patch next the roads, Ehnore said. They need more for resurfac" ing. .won "We're aware of the problem out there, but we just was don't have the money to do anything about it," BA Elnote said. roai Elore said W officials heve asked for legislative tore sis'port from local forI legl M 0a4 ape, we took nok around P, Wshefe with our usin Ma waestof AIilmtor St Wir The UF Athletic. Association is $30,000 richer after the Student Senate passed a bill providing it with student fee money. The money may be delayed, however, because Student Body Treasurer Mike Christie says he plans to leave the bill unsigned. "I cannot conscientiously approveof it. It is totally against my principles to go without a second legal opinion on the matter," Christie said. The bill, passed at the Tuesday night senate meeting, would become law anyway after lying unsigned on Christie's Crw 4 3 4 3 a4 3 loe 4 3 -3 arlier this week, the Regional Transit System sent a r to Elmore warning them to fix roads or they will charged for bus wear and tear. We are having problems with front-end alignments n the buses hit the holes on campus roads. Some of e ruts are eating tires because the edges of the ds are sharp," Regional Transit Director Dwight old said. he bad roads cause the "excessive damage" to the es, which incurs greater maintenance costs for the sit system, Arnold said. At least 15 tires so far e blown out because of jagged potholes, he said. stead of repairing the roads, UF officials plan to ute some buses next week. But Arnold said it will be a temporary solution to a major problem. ull Road, a ragged road south of Lake Alice near horticulture department, is the worst road on camphysical plant officials agree. But widely-used iell and North-South Drives -both on the main t of the campus, also are slowly deteriorating. ne bus route heading over Hull Road is slated for a nge, said Otis Jones, auxiliary services director. Ind of traveling from University Village down BledDrive and down Hull Road, the bus will go up dsoe and back around Museum Road to the horIture building. outes will be delayed three to four minutes if ional Transit System officials approve the plan t week. We need this to go into effect immediately so we 't be charged bus repairs," Jones said. "That route the worst stretch we have on this campus." at Arnoldsaid Hull Road rerouting solves only one d problem. Jones said, however, "there is no way" route around North-South or Newell drives. It might be cheaper to pay for our bus repairs than the university to repair the roads right now," Ard said. atching the roads is expen*vpartkctdiuty when g hot tar and asphalt, sa' mlbds sup eW0h4t oder MkGrity, in charge 4 eod maiinamag. und Athletics, bt desk for 10 days. Athletic Association Director Bill Carr said he was uncoricerned about Christie's intention. The money is a supplement to the $838,000 that the association receives from student funds this year. It is meant to compensate athletics for an apparent oversight in part of the state law that provides for student funding of athletics. The law stipulates that the Athletic Association is supposed to receive $604,000 plus 20 cents per credit hour paid for by each UF student. Student enrollment has risen, but association officials contend their funding fas not gone up proportionally. The senate agreed initially and passed the bill last quarter. The final vote was delayed, however, when some student "Comeand iscovr Th K 7n "Como and Discover Tho King of SportaendMore' SW 3*h uttd. (uter Plaza) H ACK Y SA3fob SNOwWsToc__ New Ladies -Swimwear a Latest Styles Nationally Famous Brand a est Prices rown Toneit ttinte *W aimSWrn ii leaders expreied concwn about certain technicalities of the measure. "We thought that thst might be an accounting problem, but now it appears to 10'we been nothing at all," said Keith Brender, coordinator 4 htbe Activity and Service Fee Advisory Comnmitee. ASMAC is the five-member panel that doles out $3.5 million instudent fee money. In other action, senasdes tabled until next week a bill sponsored by exnste Peeldent Wade Johnson that would change the date of Stuvtnt Government elections from the third week in April to*e third week in January. The SC Constitution gives the *nate the power to change election dates when UF switches4rom quarters to semesters next fall. 41; -WITH US -lorlda 1.es you to Candi*,te Interviews rsday WV W 167 p.m. 5 psm. or Student Senate and ASFAC fofta0s" A&wftftod.d y uoft 

PAGE 4

4, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 uniedarmss luteruaieonal b Movie star may be part of Hinckley's motive WASHINGTON -A court-appointed psychiatrist interviewed John W. Hinckley Jr. Wednesday to see if the accused assailant of President Reagan is mentally competent for a preliminary hearing set for Thursday. The three-hour evaluation was conducted as officials marshalled evidence on the first solid lead on a motive for the assassination attempt -that it was the ict of a spurned lover seeking to prove himself to a movie queen. Sources said a hand-scrawled letter found during a search of Hinckley's Washington hotel room was addressed to teen-age actress Jodie Foster. "I will prove my love for you .through a historic act," the letter declared. The 25-year-old drifter, who could go to prison for life if convicted of trying to kill the president, secured the services of one of Washington's best-known criminal law firms, headed by famous defense lawyer Edward Bennett Williams, to represent him. Law enforcement sources said FBI officials believe Hinckley was so obsessed with Foster, 18, that he hoped to "impress her" by trying to kill Reagan, even fashioning it after a scene in her biggest movie, "Taxi Driver." "He did it for her," said one source. "She's the key." In New Haven, Conn., where she is attending Yale University, Foster issued a statement saying she had never met Hinckley. An FBI spokesman said agents had talked with Foster last fall about a letter threatening her that was mailed from Denver -one of Hinckley's roosting places in the past three years. The spokesman indicated that. the letter was not received by Foster. A Justice Department spokesman said the psychiatrist examined Hinckley at the Quantico, Va., Marine base brig, where he was being held in isolation under tight security. U.S. magistrate Arthur Burnett Wednesday ordered the psychiatrist's report on Hinckley sealed. Drowning may be linked to child slaying ATLANTA -The apparent drowning of a young black man very possibly could be related to the slaying or disappearance of 23 Atlanta black children during the past 20 months, police said Wednesday. The body of the unidentified male was pulled from the Chattahoochee River late Tuesday, just a few miles from the spot where the corpse of 13-year-old Timothy Hill was found the previous day. Medical examiners said the latest victim was over 20 years of age, whereas the children have ranged in age from 7 to 16 years, but like several of the child victims, he was clad only in underwear. Of the 23 children who have disappeared, 21 have been found slain and two others are listed as missing. All but two have been males. First reports that a second black teenager had been found in the Chattahoochee drew Fulton (Atlanta) County detectives to the muddy river banks in a pouring rain Tuesday night, but location of the body gave Douglas County authorities jurisdiction in the Sheriff Earl Lee said the victim probably drowned, but when ask-' ed if that meant the-death was no longer considered a homicide, he said, "I wouldn't say that." "It's very possible" the case could be related to the child slaying, Lee said. "He was found in the same river where the Hill kid was found." Mayor becomes ghetto dweller CHICAGO -Mayor Jane M. Byrne said Wednesday she intends to make a safe and sociable neighborhood of a gang-plagued ghetto whose residents say they have to duck bullets at the bus stop. Byrne moved into the CabriniGreen housing project Tuesday night and told reporters Wednesday she will stay until its residents can live free of fear. "I'll be satisfied when I think people think they can look out a window and not get shot," Byrne told a news conference in the project's bare recreation room. Cabrini-Green residents feel safer already, Byrne said. "They can walk out the door and not be frightened because so many police are here," she said. Fire erupts at Caesars again LAS VEGAS -A fire erupted in Caesars Palace hotel on the Las Vegas Strip Wednesday, forcing the evacuation of hundreds of guests from the upper floors. Casino gambling went on as the fire burned. A fire department spokesman said the blaze, which broke out shortly after 10:15 a.m. in the hotel's 14-story central tower, was quickly extinguished. The casino was not evacuated. There were no reports of fatalities. The only reported injury was a firefighter who suffered burn. The fire was the third major blaze at a Las Vegas luxury hotel within the last five months. The fire broke out in a room on the fifth floor of the 1,734-room gambling resort hotel, and smoke was seen pouring out of the building. A hotel switchboard operator said the fourth, fifth and sixth floors had been evacuated. Sixteen fire units responded to the two-alarm fire. Fifty-five firemen were on the scene. RING DAYS Thurs.& Fri., Apr. 2-3 FREE OPTIONS AVAILABLE ON ALL ORD S 10$ OFF ULTRIUM RINGS 5$ OFF WITH MONEYBAGS Orders will be 'taken at the Hub, 9a.m.3p.m. both days. 25$ Deposit Required Campus Shop& Bookstore MirmRFF JONES Division of Carnation Company w. 

PAGE 5

___________________________________________________alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981, 5 j 8-10 PM Beer Specials at Join us for Happy Hour Prices "PRELUDE" *ATHSHELLER)"t THE IRRITATIONS New Wave Rock n' Roll Tonight and Tomorrow Night Doors Open 9 pm $1.50 Cover Charge Show at 9:30 pm Hugo Award-winning author of The Forever War, Mindbridge, and now Worlds; A Novel of the Future, Viking Press, and Gainesville's Jack C. Haldeman, II, uthor of Perry's Planet and Vector Analysis. GERINGS HALDEMAN PARTY Autographing books at Goerings' Book Center from 1:00 pm to 3:00 pm, Saturday, April 4. Coca cola, cookies, coffee. a UF eyes big business for funds OAKS MALL TONIGHT and every Thursday Nite ALL HIGHBALLS 2 for 1 no cover lO-2pm Happy Hour Weekdays 4 3700 Drinks 2 for 1 By Adam Yeomns Alligator Staff Writer With UF's federally sponsored research programs under President Reagan's budgetcutting knife, UF officials have started to court the mega-bucks of big business. UF officials say they want to give businesses tax incentives to sponsor research and training at CF when the money from Washington starts to "dry up." Last quarter, 96 percent of UF's $56 million in research money was paid for by more than 100 government agencies -many of them marked for a little bloodletting by the current administration, said Frank Stehli, graduate school and sponsored research dean. "I think it's highly advantageous," Stehli said of providing tax breaks for enterprises which sponsor research at UF and other state un iversities. ''I think vou can manipulate ...by changing the tax tructure." UF Foundation Vice President Ardene Wiggins cited two reasons why UF must look to big business for research dollars. "There is a great deal of feeling that U.S. industry has not kept pace with Japan in research and development," Wiggins said. "The '80s has to be a decade of better competition. "And you have to be aware the cuts are coming." The foundation oversees state land worth $16 million and invests another $34 million of UF alumni money in stocks and bonds, the profits of which are used for scholarships and grants, Wiggins said. The colleges of medicine, engineering, agriculture and liberal arts and sciences currently receive the most federal dollars, Wiggins said. And since they do the most Income tax continued from page one courtesy tss the Liberty Amendment grssup. He couid not recall Nelson's"name. "I don't have any feeling one way or the other on the resolution," said Langley, who represents rural citrus-groeiing areas in Central Florida. "Of course 1sf like ts get rid sof the income tax. I'd like In get rid of all taxes, but then we wouldn't have roads and things .ike that." Nelson said his group's roots go back to the presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt -a man of whom Nelson and others of the Liberty Amendment persuasion were less than fond. "When Roosevelt was president and Sewell Avery was president of Montgomery Ward, Roosevelt had the Army go to his office and pick him up in his chair and set him on the sidewalk," Nelson said. World War 11started and esson abandoned selling insurance in New Jerssy, I said, because there were' tssss sanN gosve-rntss' papers to fill stut. He joined the Army, where "I saw so Much corruption I swore I d dig ditches before I'd work for the government," said Nelson, also a former house builder. 'For every one man in the government whos honest, there's ten whos are crsoks. But while Nelson wants the government out of all kinds of business, he supports gssvernment-subsidized medical care -such as the Veteran's Administration Hospital in Gainesville, where he said he was eured of crippling arthritis last year. Nelson doesn't see any contradiction between his beliefs. Even if the Liberty Amendment were ratified, Nelson said, he would continue to get federal medical aid because "this nation and every nation in the world takes care of its veterans." We're putting the ET on your education. Look for these speakers this spring: Gene Roddenberry G. Gordon Liddy April May5 'Haim Shaked April 28 Tom Sullivan May 11 I Is funded by Student Government to take AryR(JR. Because there's a two-year Army ROTC program, in case you missed taking ROTC in your first two years of college. You'll have to work to catch up, during the summer before your junior year. But in two years you'll earn about $2,900, more than half of which is tax free. Then you'll earn an officer's commission at the same time you earn a college degree. LEARN WHAT IT TAKES TO LEAD Contact Cpt. Workman/Cpt. Streb at (AC 904) 392-1395 or stop by Room 103 Van Fleet Hall. research, they probably would receive the benef its of big business, he said. Currently, there are no tax incentives at the state level for firmss to invest in university research, he said. "The real incentive remains at the federal level rather than the state level," Wiggins sa id. The Reagan administration has proposed federal legislation that gives a 25 px'rcent business tax credit for university research. Wiggins and Stehli say they proposed to Gainesville state Sen. George Kirkpatrick a state law to do the same in Florida. "We need ts provide a real good mood for industry to support higher education," Kirkpatrick said. "Federal money is not going to get greater, it's going to get smaller." Kirkpatrick said he is scheduled to meet with industrial officials and state Attornes General Jim Smith next week to discuss a business tax break proposal. "The crisis is upon us because we are faced with cutbacks:" he said. By investing at the university level, businesses would have a larger and more qualified employee pool to draw front, Stehli said. Graduate students doing research with business grants would have better job opportunities, he added. Stehli said the proposal UF backs is the first of its type in the country. And he said UF is better prepared tha other state schools if the prttpttsal materializssno law, If the propstesstate tsxbeak does not become law, Kirkpatrick believes UF could lose many top professors. "There are an awful lot of people at UF that are doing just great research and they're being funded by (federal) grants," he said. "If these get cut out, we are going to lose an awful lot of good people at UF. I don't want to see that. I I 

PAGE 6

6, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 Legislators to adjust territories T gtrStaff Writer If zoologists studied the political animals who gather in Florida's Legislature each spring, they would observe that the lawmakers tend to develop strong territorial tendencies every ten years. The first signal the phenomenon is under way is a craving for census figures, generally satisfied sometime during the spring of the ninth year of the cycle. Once devoured, special members of the pack retire to special corners of the habitat to begin to digest the information. Then, in the tenth year, the legislators go through a ritual called "legislative reapportionment" redrawing lines of legislative and congressional districts to give areas of the state that have increased in population more equitable representation. By the end of the tenth year, pack members' concern for their turf subsides to the usual level. The season's end is marked by an election, when different animalistic tendencies turn up. 81 LEGISLATURE Apportionment, or slicing a state map into congressional districts, is required by the Florida Constitution in the second year after each national census. The Florida House now is ready to start looking at census information to prepare for reapportionment next year. Equitable representation, however, is a term open to political interpretation. "Protecting incumbents is probably the highest principle in re-districting," said Peter Butzin, executive director of Common Cause, the self-acclaimed citizen's lobby. "The next highest principle is 'Let's screw the minority party,"' he said. Already the Floridians in Congress have sent a message from Washington to their counterparts in state government. The message -that however the Florida lawmakers divvy up the state, none of the congressmen want to oppose each other the next time around -is a sure sign of the reapportionment season. Most state lawmakers want very much the same end result -each wants to keep intact the land tract that elected him or her. When the state was last reapportioned in 1972, only two incumbents had to compete with each other in the next election, Butzin said. In past years the Legislature has turned down two Common Cause proposals the public lobby says would take some of the politics out-of drawing district lines. The first idea was a push in 1977 for an independent commission that would redraw districts without regard to current legislators. Common Cause is again pushing that proposal by trying to collect enough voters' signatures to put it on the ballot, Butzin said. "We can't count on the courts to do it (reapportionment) properly," Butzin said of UAIOCCNS and hCWS "WE RISE TO THE OCCASION" Specializing in Balloon Bouquets Holidays, Birthdays, Anniversaries, Parties and Unique Occasions 3926 NW 34th Pl. 378-2M We DelIvrI Call US Todayl his group's appeal to the state Supreme Court after the 1972 reapportionment. "Lord knows we can't trust the Legislature to do itt" Butzin said. So instead, Common Cause is trying to put the independent commission question to the voters -which means the lobby won't have time to push for the second idea it has offered: single-member districts. Currently, Alachua County is one of many in the state that has two representatives in both houses of the state Legislature. The multi-member senatorial district stretches from the Florida-Georgia line almost to Cedar Key on the west coast. But Rep. Andy Johnson -and nearly half the representatives in the 1980 House would rather not share turf with any other politician. They prefer single-member districts. Johnson is sponsoring a bill requiring single-member districts. The single-member districts would be smaller. Johnson, a liberal Democrat from Jacksonville, joins forces with Republicans on this question. Proponents of single-member districts say representation of blacks, Republicans and other minorities now is watered down because those groups generally occupy concentrated geographic areas that share representatives with whiter, more Democratic neighbors. But George Kirkpatrick, a Democrat who represents Alachua County in the Senate, says multi-member districts provide better access to lawmakers. Two senators representing citizens means "you don't have to depend on one person" to take the time to listen to citizens, he said. Kirkpatrick said the system protects UF's interests. Kirkpatrick concedes he is a conservative living in a generally liberal area where his chances for re-election would be hurt by single member districts. While Kirkpatrick says the single member district plan "doesn't have a prayer" in the Senate, Johnson's bill could pass the House, where it failed by only one vote last year. So far the Senate has not officially started the re-districting process. In the House, a select committee is headed by Rep. Lee Moffitt, a Tampa Democrat. Butzin said Common Cause is giving up on single-member districts for now. As well as a petition for an independent reapportionment commission, the lobby is considering doing the job for the Legislature -if it doesn't cost.too much. Butzin said the lobby's current $60,000-ayear budget makes the idea of Common Cause offering its own plan possible, although more money will be needed, Butzin said. But that's the hard part, Butzin said. Once the computers tell how many blacks, Hispanics, Republicans and other minorities are in which areas, the process is relatively simple, Butzin said. "It's possible to sit down a couple of Saturday afternoons with a couple of six-packs of beer and draw the district lines," Butzin said. "Drawing district lines is not as complicated as the politicians would have you think." U U questionably inesville's Greatest rimwear Selection! suits by: Arena Catalina Catalina Juniors Catalina Mens Coast Highway Cole of California DeWeese Designs Eeni Meeni Bikinis Elisabeth Stewart Going Places Jantzen La Sole Oceans Pacific Sandcastle Sassafras St. Raphael St. Maxime .B. Sun Britches Pictured Bikini By Jantzen $25. Swim & Ski Country Creekside Mall 3501 S.W. 2nd Ave. 3754751 "We Can Suit Any Body" (almost) Hardee's Plaza-1702 W. Univ. -r -___________ It pk copperrnirke Deli Restaurant & Pub, serving the finest in Deli Sandwiches, Salads, Quiche, and New York Style Cheesecake. All foods 1. -'memade. Also a wide selection of Beer & Wine. Un Ga Sw Swim **ZO 374-4984 

PAGE 7

alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981, 7 f -Foreign Car ALTERNATORS -STARTERS $389 FREE ELECTRICAL CHECK 506 N.W. th Ave.3787" T Ami *,e \c dUCaTion the 1980 Legislature which, ,linked professor ~entinued pay raises to the same bill that would have rom page one set up freshman and sophomore classes at state universities in Miami, Jacksonville and does UF's much-touted "quality improPensacola. vement program" -including the new The governor vetoed that bill and scolded oscilloscopes, counselors and library books the legislators for trying to slip past him the -deserve another $8.7 million? The $8.7 politically explosive expansions of Florida million is part of the extra $17 million UF International University, the University of administrators want. ,West Florid4 and the University of North ,would taxpayers' money be better spent Florida. a expanding universities in highly populated Graham set up the Post-secondaryEducaurban areas or for making UF and Florida tion Planning Commission to study the proState University -traditionally the state's posed expansions and other issues. o showcases for higher education -into highAlthough that group still is considering the quality schools with truly national reputaissue, Graham already has approved the ex-how much more should professors be pansions -much to the dismay of communipaid? Lawmakers have been generally ty college leaders and his Post-secondary amenable to higher pro fessor pay in recent Education Commission. Hours later the comyears, but this issue can be dealt with only afmission issued a statement saying the 1981 yers butn ins e canhbe ealty ithon atLegislature should forget creating lower divitr bargaining sessions with the faculty union, sions. according to UF officials. The issue of expanded universities in the Tuition highly populated urban areas -areas with The state Board of Regents, which oversees strong representation in the Legislature the State University System, is expected to has long been a politically painful problem recommend Friday that freshmen and for education planners such as the Board of sophomores pay roughly $20 a credit by Regents and the Post-secondary Education 1982-83, a third more than the current $15 Commission, a forerunner of Graham's comcharge. Fee hikes for juniors, seniors and mission. graduate students also are included in the The Regents stopped short of designating Regents' plans. UF and FSU the state's "flagship" univerGraham wants even steeper tuition hikes sities -a move that would have meant those that would increase the state's income from two institutions, the oldest in the State university students by 40 percent in two University System, would receive most of the years, said Bob Cox, an education analyst money doled out for research. for Graham. The PSEC said the state's "two-plus-two" Graham says more money is needed to system -in which a large number of continue the quality improvement program, students go to one of 28 community colleges or QUIP, which was begun two years ago. for two years and finish their education at UF President Robert Marston said in a one of nine state universities -was "generalmessage to Regents that what he wants most ly satisfactory." from the Legislature this year is the money Board of Regents members and lawmakers for QUIP. from areas where established universities like Student lobbyists say Graham is merely UF are located have said expanding the urlumping the highly popular quality improveban universities is bound to take money ment idea with the tuition increase to raise away from the established universities. enough money to balance his two-year. UF officials such as Al Alsobrook, who $20.3 billion budget. represent UF to lawmakers, are keeping a strictly hands-off stance on the question, Upper Division Universitios even though it conceivably could endanger Graham lumped together the expansion the QUIP money Marston wants. and tuition ideas. That action is similar to Graham now is proposing the lower diviE Crayons'" s te regstered trademark of Smersng Imports Inc New York HIP POCKET SANDWICHES?! .If you don't know what they are, here's your chance to try one Crayons high fashion, MA* N CHEW=a ndPC= low wampum HIP POCK T SANDWICH. .s.s .'. M n.-St. 10-6 By r Pie tPWMSad BUM. PLAZA Ilvk e Ardieid. Just wste 34th St.WC b r 136 SM131hS SSt 3754)213 NUTRITION COUNTS MORE CH -THAN CALORIES!Carpenter said. "Once we make that decision (to expand), we're committing legislators for years down the road to funding those (lower divisions). It's not a small cost item." Some lawmakers from North Florida are not resisting the move. "It's going to happen anyway. How can you deny Dade County, which has the largest population in the state in that area," Martin said. "If it don't happen at this session, it'll happen at a special session or at the next (regular) session. "I'm going to see if we can do some swappin' and not put a cap on the University of Florida," Martin said. Enrollment admissions standards The cap Martin referred to is an enrollment cap -the device that determines how much money universities get from the Legislature. The more students a university can attract, the more money it gets from the Legislature. But lawmakers are weary of doling out hundreds of millions annually for a university system that, by some estimations, is woefully inadequate. Conflicting messages are coming from the House and Senate. House leaders seem to be leaning toward stricter admissions standards and lower enrollments. But the Senate majority leader -Sherrill Nathan "Pete" Skinner, a Like City Democrat whosedistrict includes Gainesville -said the whole idea of state "land grant" universities is to educate the common people. If the House gets its way "we're going to get a (university) system that sets up 0itism at best," said Skinner, who Senate President W.D. Childers, D-Pensacola, appointed chairman of a select committee on university admissions standards. At a recent joint meeting of the House Higher Education Committee and Appropriations Education Subcommittee, however, members of the House grilled university officials about why they have let in more students than they technically were allowed to be the Board of Regents. "We've -turned away university students for years. That's not a crime, especially if we're going io have quality," said a somewhat testy Carpenter. LOEI StUit Kep. mrnin sions be allowed. But he has included no money in his spending plan for starting the lower divisions. Administrators from the three affected schools have said the lower divisions would cost $5 to $10 million. House Higher Education Committee Chairman Carl Carpenter, D-Plant City, says the figure "might ought to be doubled" to be more accurate. And that amount doesn't include money for any new buildings, he said. Carpenter said he has not made up his mind about the issue, but has decided to look at each university asking for a lower division separately. Gordon says it's plain old good sense to expand the three schools to "real"' universities instead of "frauds on the students." "In ten years, we'll be the fourth largest state in the union and we'll have 13 million people. Thinking of having six or seven universities is not unreasonable," said Gordon, who advocates cutting UF's student body from 33,000 to 25,000 or less. "I don't consider that (expansion) an antiUniversity of Florida move. Florida and FSU have the best undergraduate schools. We should keep those," he said. Carpenter and other House leaders are not nearly as gung-ho as Gordon. "This is not like going out and buying vehicles for the Florida Highway Patrol," 

PAGE 8

S, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 Magic dates My, my looky here. It's Gainesville city officials and their magic calendar. Let's enforce the ban of 3000 parking spots on March 16, city commissioners say. Ne, let's wait -signs ain't up. Okay, April 6. But hey, what's this? According to state law, the last day to register to vote in the May city election is April 4. Does this mean irate students who get their cars towed next week won't be able to register for the election? They'll miss a chance to possibly put two new commissioners on the board that governs this so-called "University City." Mv, what a coincidence. Or is it? Could it be the commission -long deaf to students' cries is afraid of UF's 30,000 or so young adults and their votes? Nah. Coome on. Students don't vote. Wrong. Students can vote. And hundreds -if not thousands -are registered to do so. In fact, there are enough registered student voters in Gainesville to swing a city race, if past history is any measure. In 1978, student advocate Ken Harrison mustered up enough support to finish in third place behind UF professor Jim Richardson. The 1,500 or so voters Student Goverment officials say were tallied in recent registration drives on campus would have put Harrison over the top, if the election were held today. Any increased registration -coupled with the voters already eligible -could put new or more responsive city commissioners into office. If the students vote as a bloc, that is. Of course, to do that, the candidates would have to play to the student's music. And stop messing with the calendars. Bad, precedent As if students had some spare change just sitting around somewhere, UF administrators socked them with yet another cost increase this week. Closing his eyes and storming ahead, UF Vice President Bill Elmore decided Tuesday to jack up on-campus parking decals by 33 percent effective May 1982. Commuter decals, for example, are to jump from $ 12 to $ 16. This is another case of the students having to pick up the bill for years of poor transportation planning. Already hit with massive cutbacks in off-campus parking, the students have few alternatives before them. The city's bus system is not well-geared to students. Bikeways here thought better than in many cities -just'don't cut it. And off-campus pay lots simply cost too much. Threatened with financial aid cutbacks and tuition increases, students now will pay more just to get on the campus of this university. We laud Elmore for his proposal to balance the hikes by cutting the price of bus passes, but we don't like the precedent-setting move that makes the student pay for past transportation planning errors. Elmore, UF President Robert Marston and city officials need to sit down and coordinate a real solution for the city's transportation problems. But students should not be forced to foot the bill. ITSELF TO WMTE? So4ATSa m h pr Sports and -money have priority at, UF Editor: UF has finally gotten its priorities straight: money, athletics, convenience and then education. Both presidents -Marston and Reagan -are doing their best to ensure that not everyone will be able to receive a quality education. P. Fact One: Switching over to semesters was not for any reason even vaguely connected with bettering education. It was a move for convenience to administrators and a chance to raise tuition. Don't believe me? Look at the 28 percent increase in tuition Marston has pushed for -at the same time that all types of financial aid will be cut back. &,-Fact Two: A special athletic association fee may be tacked onto our tuition, along with an increase in the health fee. As if the infirmary has even a semi-competent staff. ,Fact Three: This campus is desperate for parking spaces. So what does the administration do? Tlsey decide to allow the city to eliminate 3,000 spaces. Tell me we haven't the money when the O'Connell Center -which could have aigator Edtravd DahlGenrlMangerCEBare nggEdANoel Neff d o Mrs Eveyn Be "oE 2l, oato, ^skr o dve sg iecl or S nesetese,, Op.m onsEdor 'sanneRenne' B usnessManager Ho ryMonrevideo ded CidySpc, c 1 S, "dHolb,oak 5':': Ed tfM':, nC':':, d~loSpevso e~er Publ shed by Camspu(s CoImuntlicatinis. i. P 0. Box 14257 University Station. Gainesvlle, Florida Office ehi'"d :he Colege Inn,1 728 West Unversity Ave Classiied Advertising 376-4446; Retail Display Advertsing 376-4462; Newsroom 376 445 PAroducton 373-9926 ;Bsiness Off,<e 376-4446 Letters Policy Letters must be typed and double-spaced on a 60 character line, dated and signed with the author's real name, have address and telephone number of writer and nat exceed 300 words. Nrtes will be withheld if writer shows just cause. The-editor reserves the right to edit all letters for space. Readers may submit longer essays, colunrms or letters to be considered for use as guest columns. Any writer interested in submitting a regular column is asked to contact the editor and be prepared to show work samples. been a two-level parking garage -costs $13 million. ," Fact Four: I've been informed that there will still be only two weeks to register for semesters. With semesters, students will be registering for approximately twice as many courses which means twice as much hassle. Why doesn't UF extend registration to three weeks to stifle the outrageous lines? If you don't think money and convenience are the answers, you must be a naive freshman. se Fact Five: Nothing is being done about the problems that students encounter until the last moment. Swastikas are not removed promptly and Beaty Towers residents suffered through 21 fire alarms before they got security. Furthermore, Tigert Hall does not encourage students to exercise the only real power they have; their vote. Are administrators afraid the student body will find that it has more power than those who collect its fees? Fred Schott 4LS -*Park in downtown city lots to protest parking ban Editor: In an effort to subtly protest UF's and the city's joint lack of foresight and continued inconsiderateness in regard to student parking, it is my suggestion that all students commuting with less than two-hour time spans first look for metered parking along the Gainesville downtown business district. MWrIMebukO 3SA I1 

PAGE 9

alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981, 9 Shooting illustrates violent trend Editor: A man was shot Monday; a become oura human being was almost killed. It matters not. not that he is the president of our country. It Perhaps I a matters only that he is a human being. The reactions to t shock and disgust that all Americans feel weep, I did no about this assassination attempt is rivaled I was not eve; only by the shock and disgust I felt when I at first. Like u read the comment by student Zsa Zsa Ined to violence gram in the March 31 Alligator. me how apart The loss of any human life, regardless of ters like this, ,ow you or I may feel about that person, is a nor will public great and tragic loss. Ronald Reagan is the through pray president, but he is also a man with a wife, a ed hearts will family and friends that care about him. Are put down our we to judge the value of human life by our to the spirit personal evaluations of that person? I cerreturn to God tainly hope not. summed up b3 For those who preach evolution from these which states: pages: are we evolving toward a society with if my peop no values and less compassion? Thanks, but shall hun I'll pass on that idea. and seek m Let's face the facts; this country is in a moral dilemma. To quote philosopher FranThenu cis Schaffer, "If we have no absolutes by and which to judge society, society becomes its An own absolute." Violence, immorality and apathy are a few of the bleak characteristics of our society. Will these characteristics $elling souls f In the beginning, man created money -and it was good. So he created more money -and it was better. Money prospered quickly because everyone loved and craved it so much. Avaricious men sold their souls for it, while some women rented their bodies for its benefits. The poor begged for the glimmer of hope it gave them. And the rich never had too much of its fattening splendor. Man liked his new creation. After all, it helped simplify the exchange of goods -and some things that weren't good. People believed in all these fallacies because it was written in the great book. Closely they read the section in the great book, "How to Build and Destroy a Civilization in 40,000 Years." It appeared just before the last chapter on mass producing nuclear weapons. So man was a happy slob in his ignorance. Money caught on all over the world as the chic thing to have. But man, the fastidious fool that he is, wanted more. He wanted to be organized. So he invented government. Man was in his usual state of bliss, as when any new fad hits, but sin crept into the fun. Soon money and government began to divide man's attention. So government mended the schism the hard way -taxes. absolutes and morals? I hope m disturbed most by my own his act of violence. I did not A immediately fall to my knees, n overly shocked and appalled as all, I have become conditione. Ingram's comments showed retic we all have become. Letwon't turn our country around, ic outcries or legislation. Only er and softening of our callousour country be healed. Let us political prejudices and return AI roots of this country. Let us d. Our problem and solution is y the Lord in I Chronicles 7:14 le, which are called by My Name, mble themselves and pray, y Face, and turn from their wicked ways; will Ihearfrom Heaven, willforgive their sins, nd heal their land." Tom Welch 4LS L Money became as much a part of living as breathing and drinking water. Man no longer owned money; it owned him. Everything went sour. People no longer relied on gravity to keep them on earth because the world sucked enough on its Own. And as Money took control it said, "It there be decadence, and let there be stocks, bonds, futures, pasts, gambling and high door charges at discos." aY gaY0s0 satire Man replied, "Yes, torture me, maim me, yank my toes out, but don't take away my credit card." But man began to take money for granted as he does almost any commodity. He believed Money would shed its goodness in a limitless, everlasting fashion. Money didn't agree. "Man, thou shalt no longer strain thy Woman says NOW underfunded by SG Editor. The women of this university have suffered public's attitude toward the women's movement. It took 80 another setback in their fight for equality. I would like to years to ratify the amendment to prohibit slavery. It took 83 direct this letter to all women and men who tend to sit back more years until black men had the right to vote and it took and watch a handful of people do the fighting. The National 133 years to make this nation realize that women had the Organization for Women presented a budget last February capability of voting. to a group of Student Government officials. This budget reThe Equal Rights Amendment has just begun and NOW quest took into account all the programs and services that will always be in existence and working for the benefit of all NOW has put forth energy toward in the last year. The rewomen. quest also took into account the money needed for additions We have suffered setbacks before but nothing fazes to our library, the need for advertising women's events and women who believe in a peaceful equal existence with all the issues and the desperate need to educate the women of other humans on this earth. Last quarter the women of Gainesville in many areas of the womens' movement. Our NOW were the victims of a serious and bogus accusation. request was reasonable for an organization with more than People keep confusing feminism with lesbianism. Surely we 150 members and it was well presented. support gay rights but let's not take a woman feminist and a Unfortunately, we found out through the UF grapevine lesbian and hastily fuse her into one. that our budget had been drastically cut. We were not inThe womens' movement is about change for the better. It formed of the budget cut by any SG member or administradoes not avoid controversial issues. Ethical stances cannot tion. To say the'least, the women and men of NOW were come second to an image. If we begin to do that we lose the tqiset. yet, we dealt with it in a calm, rational way. What reasons for our existence in the first place. can we expect fron a nation that is leaping toward the right I am a ling to the women of Gainesville to take time and off a cliff? out from t studies, to learn and work with NOW. Would you like to got the same pay as the man who graduated next NOW will continue to function as always but since there is to you? It's time for all women to realize the full potential of less money there will be fpwer rape awareness programs, their minds and bodies. fewer self-defene workshop. and less means by which women can become aware of the world they live in. We will continue to work toward improvement in the general HOW VhePreldeet back, carrying large sums of cash," it said. Unfortunately, nobody understood old English anymore. Consequently, no one listened and man was flung into the depths of a depression. Oh, how the wrath of money can torture. The theory of "one for all and all for me" was given an eye-watering funeral in that depressing year just before 1930. MNen did anything they could to get back in Money's good graces. Some cheated, stole and lied just the way Money had taught them to do centuries before. So people sacrificed their lives, dollar bills, virgins and anything else that was no longer worth any extra cash. Today, some people say money doesn't exist. That it is a myth, kept alive by governments because they fear the masses would revolt if they discovered money is worthless paper. But money leaves its mark. It built civilizations and destroyed others. The Latin inscription on dollar bills tells the story: Annuit Coeptis -"He has favored all our undertakings." And may mighty Money continue to favor us all! Voter regletrtlon Is free, peinkem "and the eeelest thing In the world." ys Alchue County IlecthlneupervhoriMuddy Irby. AprIl 4 Is the het day to regIster to vote in the May 5 electIon that will decide en two new Geineevlle city emlmlwners epd e cnty chortwr reberendue. On anmpue students ereglter vote at the Student Goveem-eont Office, Seem MN o the J. Wywe Selt Union or et the 5tudet Serele of. flee, neem124 of Tigert Nell. Off ompue voters emrgetor et Seem s of the County Admine@ete2e S ng .e oity Ave. fram u0 to S p.m. On AprV 4 the floa. tleolupervser'esOffle wiN only beepen from 1 p.m. toa p.m. Te reglter you need-rm tht youare isor" elder en d yomset mosor yo ar.e an Ald notbomnoeelfeony or paper and metal is man's folly -1 M"Mmnl I 

PAGE 10

10, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 Government Regulatory Conference To Be Held Friday, Saturday Researchers from across the nation Two sessions will be beid-from 9a.m. to Effectiveness of Federal Water Pollution working on analyses of the impacts of 12:30 p.m. Friday. Roger Noll of Caltech Control Regulation." government regulations will come towill lead the discussion on "Majority Rule Three discussions will be held from 2:30 gether at UF Friday and Saturday for a and Spectrum Allocation: The FCC, to 5:30Friday afternoon G.S. Maddala and "Conference on Techniques for RegulaCongress and UHF Television," and R.P. Trost of UF will discuss "Estimation tory Analysis." Allsessions are open to the Robert Leone of the Council of Economic Methods for Empirical Analysis of public and will be held at the Holiday Advisors and David Harrison of Harvard Regulated Markets." James Barth, JoInn-University Center. will be discussion leaders on "The seph Cordes and Anthony Yezear of u sP George Washington University will disStudent Performance Standaras cuss "Quantifying and Estimating the Impacts of Government Regulations: The To Be Considered by Regents Case of Consumer Credit Markets,, And UFV' S Lqafn d Bc ua aoanra m apehart and % %~v & u& Rules to establish college level stanassociate degrees and universities may Robert Sullivan wil discuss '-mumaung dards of student performance in comrequire certain levels of attainment before the Effects of PURPA. Regulations: munication and computational skills will admitting students to baccalaureate Electricity Pricing." be considered by the Board of Regents at degree programs. Universities so choosing Saturday morning from 9 a.m. to 12:30 its meeting in Pensacola Friday. Followwould be required to require the same p.m., there will be four discussions. David approval by the BOR, the Community assessment of skills for its own students Baron of Northwestern University will N EXT WE EK College Board of Trustees and the admitted as freshmen or sophomores after present "An Analysis of Concessionary Articulation Committee, the rules will be completion of 70semester hours. Export Financing: Eximbank and the SUNDAY recommended to the State Board of The proposed communications testing Ansett Case." Scott Atkinson of the YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERT, feaEducation for adoption. will measure a student's reading and American Petroleum Institute will talk turing University Symphony Orchestra Under the proposed rules, community listening comprehension and his writing about "The Effects of Automobile Effiunder direction of Willis Page, at 1:30 p.m. colleges would be required to consider a and speaking effectiveness. Computaciency Standards on Consumer Welfare." in University Auditorium. student's tested assessment in communitional skills that would be tested include Richard Clemer of HUD will discuss MONDAY cations and computation before awarding mastery of arithmetic, geometric and "Reforming the Regulatory Process." and DR. HEINZ EUIAU, Willipm Bennett Teacher Placement measurement, algebraic, statistical, logRobert Vanorder of HUD will offer a brief Munro Professor of Political Science at ical-reasoningand computing-technology presentation on "Regulatory Research at Stanford and expert in the area of Day Is Tuesday algorithms; understanding of concepts in HUD." American government and the legislative D Teach these areas; demonstrated ability to There will be a luncheon Friday from process, discussing "Proliferation As A Education majors and others interested generalize and to select applicable 12:30 to 2:30 and a dinner Friday from 6 to Way of American Political Life," at 4:30 in careers in teaching can attend Teacher generalizations in each area; and demon8 p.m., both at the Holiday Inn. Persons p.m. in G1011 General Purpose-Bldg. A. Placement Day Tuesday from 9 a.m. to strated ability to solve problems in each interested in attending these events, for Part of Phi Beta Kappa Visiting Scholars 4:30 p.m. at the Norman Hall patio area. area. which there is a charge, should contact series sponsored by Department of Sponsored by the Career Resource Center The rules are proposed to comply with Betty Sarra, 392-0914. The conference is Political Science and UF chapter of Phi and the College of Education, the program Legislative mandates. They form the basis sponsored by the College of Business's Beta Kappa. will permit students to discuss with for future assessment programs. They Centers for -Econometrics and Decision DR. IANGDON GILKEY, author and representatives from 20 various school were developed by faculty groups through Science, Public Policy Research andl professor of theology at University of systems in Florida and Georgia the a project of the Articulation Committee. Public Utility Research. / Chicago Divinity School, on "The Future employment opportunities in K-l2'and of Science: Its Possibilities and Ambisegisteducatio for education students Fresh men Admission Requirements guities"at8p.m. inRoom349ReitzUnion. Pre-egitraton or ducaiReqtuents Part of Dept. of Religion lehiure series. will be today and Friday in the room Face Dp.o Rlgonlcue eis adjacent to the Dean's Office in Nom FaceChange by Board of Regents CELEBRATION '81 EVENTS -On jact Union Colonnade, 10-11 a.m., singer Sue Hall. Admission requirements for students school average must have a combined Ganz; 11 to nooh, Union Arts and Crafts Tuition I entering state universities as freshmen score of 800 SAT or 17 ACT. Under the Center Display; 11:30-noon, performance would be increased slightly under a rule to proposed change, a student must be "at or by Men's Glee Club; noon to 1 p.m., Percentages W wrong be considered by the BOR Friday in above the 40th percentile of college-bound Florida Players present Lunchbox TheAn article in Wednesday's University Atnsacola.seniors on a nationally-normed college water one-act play; and 1-2 p.m., GainesDAgearetieintue percentage innrse At present student ply for admissions exam." At present that would ville Civic Ballet presentation of jazz of proposed tuition for the next two years "B" high require a 835 SAT combined or a 17 ACT contemporary dance. At Graham Pond, was in error. Outstandingrscore. 3-3:30 p.m., UF Frisbee Club demonstraUndergraduate fees under the proposal outstanding Leadership This change would not affect UF tion; and 3:304:30, pop rock music by would increase an average of 12 per cent Nominations Are Sought freshmenadmissions becauSe minimum "Mercedes," and comedy by "Artificial next year and 28.6 per cent over this year Nominations are now being accepted for above the proposedylevel yT U." en d 1 283; gde fe, cent net the Oustanding Female and Male LeaderThe proposed change would establish a RELIGION DEPT. LECTURE SERIES year and 29.4 per cent in 1982-83; and ship, Awrds to be given to students special admissions criteria for upper level with Dr. Langdon Gilkey discussing "Is me-dical professional fees 13.3 per cent graduating this quarter. Forms for universities that might be changed to Religious Faith Possible in An Age of nextyear and36.1percentin1982-3. leadership awards are available in the four-year Institution. To be admitted as Science" at 4 P.m.i In Room 349 Aeit The increases of 13.34per centand36 per Office for Student Services, 129 Tigert freshmen there, students would be Union. cent given in Wednesday's article Pr -Hall. Deadline for applications required to have a "B" high school CELEBRATION'81 EVENTSOn Reitz tamed to the percentage of increase durig Aominatlons is Monday, April 13, at 4:30 average and SAT scores of 1000 or ACT Colonnade -9 a.m. to noon, Roflecilos teto earsul n fr sroom e st woul g p.m score of 23. They would also be required to hair coSniUtatinS; 11-noon, Union Arts & into matriculation (classroom cks) from Anyone in the University community can undergo a personal interview or submit an Crafts Center display; 11-moan, Juggler the proposed tuition levelsnominate candid, 'As, or graduating stuessay, cm Osiin Or exhibit. UP to 20 Per Bill Snyder; noonlpjn,, Florida Players The proportion of tuiton earmarked for dents may apply, but must be able to cent of the entering freshmen could be Lunch Box Theater on~.st y; and 143 matriculation is greater in 1962-83. Other document ways in which the students have admitted as exceptoncs.m.U Ces Cl -; and 1 portions of tuidon go to student and dmnkae edrhpsisadaH p.m., UF ChMs Clubwri n 1-2 activity fees, building and c tal im-deste d leadership skills and AillPresent plans call for FIU to admit 500 juggler Snyder. At 'Pond, 30actvit fesbuidig ad cpial i ties. The awards are Made by UF Alumni freshmen and UNF and .UWF, 40 each. 5:30 p.m., the bed"lr e oody bby provements andstdentlnan ad Aociation. This must have legislativeap.if The University of Florida is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affimadve Action Employer. I I -m m inWA This page pad for at usual advertlalg rates. FEES DUE BY MONDAY MIDNIGHT Drop, Add Deadline 4 p.m. Friday The deadline for students to submit drop-add cards to the box at the north end of the HUB or the mail. Fee payments in Registrar's Office in Tigert Hall basement is 4 p.m. Friday. the drop box by midnight, Monday, April 6, or those The deadline to pay spring quarter fees is Monday, April 6. postmarked by midnight Monday, will be considered Students who fail to pay fees or make arrangements for on time. (Payments in the drop box or mail must be checks or deferments by Monday will be assessed a $25 late charge in money orders; cash is not acdptable.) Students can pay fees addition to regular fees. in person at Student Financial Services at the HUB from 9 Students whose schedules are firm may wish to pay fees a.m. to2:30 p.m. weekdays through Monday. now, since Finance and Accounting Officials are predicting Students with financial aid pick-up appointments long lines later this week and on Monday. Less than scheduled after Monday's fee payment deadline will one-fourth of the 30,000 students scheduled to attend UF this automatically have their fees deferred to the day of their quarter have paid their fees. appointment. To avoid line-standing, students may want to use the drop nU IItyo~~dPSS, *tudntu, fcuIty I *taff a dk--Black Graduate, Professional Conference Here The second annual UF Black Graduate and Professional Student Statewide Conference wibe heldFriday evening and all day Saturday at the Haiti Union. Alachu CountyCourtJudgeStephan Mickle willbe baue i. m.inthArr Hoom. The conference theme is, "A New Th eoa n nual F''l ck Grduat BnegsinamlictionStorateism on Workshops and discussions will be held Saturday from 9 am. to 4 p.m. in various rooms at the Reitz Union. Leading black national, state snd local experts will lead discussions on the effects of affirmative actin policies, the economy, human rights legislation, federal aid to education, minority enrollment and regents testing and the broad area of. cial serm es. Both the Saturday sessions and Friday's banqutare open tothe public. Tickets tothe banquetare$6.50 each and can be purchasedfromanyBGSo member or by contacting Catherine Hart.t a-6oeie-I I 

PAGE 11

r or ? 05AME FUN *oPEN WATER PiJE.5 015 WE0K COUP& / IN ibHT wK. I INTERNATIONAL CEgr. *LAT'EAT FauIp. PROVIDED \* .PrIcNAj NI&NT DNE 1 SEA Po AR"i '* L~4EN'SAQU4TIC AND TMIL cC'R 54" $ UJiV. 15-'235 MN-F I 1-8, 4AT 9-(o IR* indepemdeus alliga" accepting applications for the fol positions this week: Photographer News writers/Feature wri Copy Editors Gain valuable experience at on nation's top five college daily new Please stop by The Alligator of located at 1728 W. University. behind The Olde College In INCORNER DRUGSTORE 1a 8 W. 1ST AVE., AUdMUVILLS, P L sUU1O lowing iters e of the spapers. fices, Ave., ,n. UF President Robert Marston has cut back on his 60 to 70 hour work weeks while recovering from back surgery Marston easing back into work By David Gourevitch chief responsibilities -have been curtailed Alligator Staff Writer while he recovers, Cunningham said. Marston said he felt "fine." UF President Robert Marston has curtailed "I plan to be lobbying more this year," his fundraising trips and now is working less Marston said Wednesday. "I won't be in while he recuperates from back surgery per.Tallahasse any less this session." formed three months ago, a UF spokesman Marston went to the Council of Presidents said Wednesday. meeting in Tallahassee last week where the The 58-year-old UF president -usually an heads of the nine state universities discussed avid jogger -also has stopped running, acenrollment caps. cording to spokesman Hugh Cunningham. Marston dismisses his back problems as a Marston jarred his back during a hunting hindrance to his job. trip in December. A team of surgeons at "Next to the common cold, it's the most Shands Teaching Hospital removed a rupcommon (physical) problem," he said. tured disc from his back on Jan. 1. "There are no long-term problems and no Despite the surgery, Marston still works an reason to believe there will be." eight-hour day, Cunningham said. Marston has suffered for 20 to 30 years "In the past month, he hasn't worked the from occasional pain in the lower back, Cun60 to 70 hour weekthat he did before the ningham said. operation," Cunningham said. "Now he's "There was a weakness in the lower back," working 40 to 50 hours like everyone else." Cunningham said. "It was a gradual Marston's fundraising trips -one of his deterioration." Premium-Grade / Fresh FRYER LEGSOR 1THIGHS -7Premium Grade Fresh FRYER BREASTS 69CLB. Premiu\Grade Fresh CuTUP FRYERS WESTGATE REGENCY b' 3432 W. Univ. Ave. 372-8160 OPEN 1Oam-6pm Mon.-Sat. 

PAGE 12

12, alligator, thursday, opril 2, 1981 Proposed 'home rule' charter to go to voters after two-year debate By Tony. Weatherab. Alligator Staff Writer Pollen and bees aren't the only things floating in the air this spring. A "home rule" charter proposal has been drifting in the political wind for about two years and will be on the ballot May 5. County Commissioner John Schroepfer, a charter proponent, and charter opponent Sheriff Lu Hindery debated the document's merits and pitfalls Wednesday on the Plaza of the Americas while UF Student Government officials urged students to register to vote. The proposed charter would exempt county government from having to obtain the Florida Legislature's approval to perform certain duties, such as selecting a hospital manager and giving jail officials the power to provide bail bonds. It would also consolidate county departments by means of an appointed county manager. "Under our current form of government, many of our dayto-day functions must be passed on to the Legislature," Schroepfer said. "The only way to alleviate this is with home rule. And the only way to get home rule is with charter government." But Hindery disagreed, saying charter government could destroy the local government system of checks and balances. He argued that charter government would mandate too many appointed officials and reduce the power of elected officials. "I'm here in the interest of representative government," Hindery said. "Under this form of government, they would take my authority away from me. "No appointed official is more efficient than an elected one. I can't win a beauty contest as sheriff, but I have been an efficient elected official for years." Schroepfer said the charter also would save taxpayer's money because it would decentralize county personnel selection, purchasing and budgeting. "The clear benefit is that if we decentralize these functions, county government will be able to operate smoother and more efficiently," he said. SG President Erik Melear said charter government would benefit students. "Some of the money (lost in the bureaucracy) will be redistributed within the student community in the areas of mass transit and a lot of consumer service programs. It will make the government accountable to the people," said Melear. County Commissioner Sonny Lee, who wasn't at the noon forum, also supports the charter. "Having been in business 30 years, I didn't have someone else telling me how to handle my bills and pay my expenses," he said. "Local government shouldn't have to either." Hindery said the charter, now in its ninth draft in six weeks, was drawn up too quickly. "They (the commissioners) have designed something for you to vote on that you cannot possibly know everything about by election time," he said. "If you don't know what this charter says, then I urge you to go make yourself knowledgeable about it before you vote. "Don't change government hastily," Hindery urged the audience. "It's a terrible thing to do." Today through Sundaypresent this coupon for s 0off our Lily of France sports bra. Designed especially for you-the active young woman. With seamless support molded from a unique cotton blend to let your skin breathe. Lily of France makes this sports bra oh, so flattering. In white, sizes 32-38. B and C cups, 12.50, 10.50 with coupon. D cup, 13.50, 11.50 with coupon. One coupon per item, please. Fashion Foundations. Moocs Brothers W1-N fAk 1 1 )i) 302 Reitz Union 392-1606 To help is to love To love is to help SAMSON Orientation and Recruitment of Volunteers Monday, April 6 7 p.m. Reitz Union Ballroom Add a little Sunshine Today Become a Samson Volunteer! 302 Reitz Union 392-1608 

PAGE 13

alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981, 13 NEED SHELVING? engths are pre-cut to 3,4,5,6,7,8 feet L1A regular (8X8X 16) alf blocks tool snowflake (4A 16 ) sunburst (8X 16X4) WS4 Carpet Remnants For Your Roomi 5% Student Discount On These Items With Ad CENTRAL BUILDER UPLJ S L L L L [ Teacher internship delay possible By Ion Johnson Alligator Staff Writer The state has granted a one-year reprieve to students who graduate from the UF education college and are required to take one-year internship programs before getting jobs. A one-year internship is mandated by state law, but two teachers' groups and education administrators want a delay to smooth over potential problems. The program is part of Florida's campaign to upgrade education standards. The state already requires prospective teachers to pass a competency exam before they are certified. The law is scheduled to go into effect July '. That is part of the problem, said Marvin McMillin, UF assistant dean of student services. He said there is too little time to prepare the approximately 100 August graduates for the internships. "If the state board regulations (requiring internships) are implemented, it will be impossible for the College of Education to know what to do," McMillin said. Two teacher organizations are also apprehensive about the law. The Florida Teaching Profession and the National Education Association say the law could discriminate against the interns. If it is abused, the students who intern could become "serfs" because internship wages are low, both groups agree. SGP/Florilda Concerts, O,Connell Center and WRUF Present: F .000. 000. 0 0 C~es 0000 0 .. 40'0 ~ 0e **a 0.0 -0 ;0. *S.# O 00 0 00. 0000000 00 OkprilI 2nd to 11th *Special Nightly Discounts* With Spectacular 0 Rides Spe Games Prizes Great Munchies .V.I. ._ Thursday, April 2nd Select free rides with Chuck Mangione ticket stub. Sunday, April 5th "Family Afternoon" Monday, April 6th Sante Fe Community College Night." cial Discount with Sante Fe Community college identification Tuesday, April, 7th "Dorm Night." Special discounts for residence area identification card. Wednesday, April 8th -igh School Night." Wear your school colors for special discounts Thursday, April 9th reek Night." Wear your Greek jersey for special discounts Gates Open 5 pm on weekdays -12 pm on weekends Located ROTC Drill Field Crystal River plant down again H 17%4J I By Nanette Hollend Alligator Staff Writer It's happened again. For the third time since mid-February, the Crystal River nuclear power plant has been shut down. The culprit this time is a small cylinder, about 1inch long, found in the steam generator last week. Florida Power Corp. spokesman Bill Johnson said technicians don't know what the cylinder is or where it might have come from. Johnson said the plant would not be put back in service until the object had been identified. The mystery object was sent to a Babcock and Wilcox research laboratory in Lynchburg, Va., Johnson said. Babcock and Wilcox built both the Crystal River plant and Three Mile Island plant, closed since the nation's worst nuclear accident there two years and five days ago. Johnson said he did not expect Crystal River to be shut down for very long. "We're going to make a determination as to what the object is in a reasonably short period of time," Johnson said. "The whole plant is in a state of suspended animation right now, ready to be restarted at any time." The unidentified object was detected last Thursday by a monitor that picked up a strange noise inside the steam generator of the 825-megawatt plant. Because personnel did not know if the noise posed any danger, they decided to shut down the plant. Johnson said the plant could be restarted within 48 hours once the go-ahead is given. UF physical plant director Tom Nycum said the shutdown could affect fuel adjustment rates at UF, but that would depend on how long the plant is out of service and what kind of fossil fuel Florida Power burns to generate the extra electricity. Last spring's three-month shutdown of the Crystal River plant cost UF an extra $4,400 daily in higher utility bills. Johnson said the plant had been back "on the line" for one week when the latest problem occurred. 

PAGE 14

14. allinntor .thrsAv anril 9 .191 ensure Co Registration Information ur ses WHAT IS A LEISURE COURSE? It's your chance to learn a fun new skill or hobby in a structured class but without the pressure of grades, competition or mandatory attendance. Courses are designed to be fun. The subjects are interesting, the instructors enthusiastic, and the atmosphere social. If you haven't experienced a Leisure Course, try one. We think you'll like it. WHY ARE WE OFFERING LEISURE COURSES, ANYWAY? We feel your leisure education is at least as important as your academic education. Afterall, throughout your life you 11 have more free time than time spent at work and school put together. So, we feel you should prepare for leisure as you 1o for a career and learn how to have fun, to create, to perform, to socialize, to relax, to exercise.to play. Sign up for a Leisure Course and prepare for the life of your time! REGISTRATION Registration for all Leisure Courses will take place in the 2nd Floor Gallery of the J. Wayne Reitz Union. DATES AND TIMES WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1 9am-4pm* 7pm-9pm THURSDAY, APRIL 2 9am-4pm 7pm-9pm FRIDAY, APRIL 3 9am-4pm MONDAY-FRIDAY 12noonAPRIL 6-10 4pm *For persons affiliated with the University community only. REGISTRATION PRIORITY Students, faculty, staff members and their spouses will have priority for enrollment Wednesday, April 1 from 9am-4pm. Beginning Wednesday evening at 7pm, registration will be open to all other persons. STUDENTS MUST HAVE WRITTEN PROOF OF CURRENT ENROLLMENT IDENTIFICATION Due to price and registration differentials, it will be necessary for each person to come to registration with the following appropriate I.D.: UF STUDENTS: Written proof of Spring quarter enrollment. STUDENT SPOUSES: Spouse card or spouse's I.D. with proof of current enrollment. STAFF & STAFF SPOUSS: Staff FACULTY & PACULTY SPOUSES: Faculty card. COURSE DATES Unless otherwise noted, courses are seven weeks in length, and are offered once per week according to the following schedule': MONDAYS: APRIL 13-JUNE I (no class May 25) TUESDAYS: APRIL 14-MAY 26 WEDNESDAYS: APRIL 15-MAY 27 THURSDAYS: APRIL 16-MAY 28 FRIDAYS: APRIL 17-MAY 29 PAYMENT OP FEES Persons must pay fees designated in total column when the register. Lab fees are explained in course descriptions inside this Leisure Course Brochure. Please note that some courses have lab fees due at first class session, rather than at registration. A $5 late fee will be charged for any registration after Friday, April 10. LOCATION OF COURSES Most courses meet in the Reitz Union although some are held in various facilities near or on campus. Registrants are informed of the exact location via their registration receipts. REFUNDS To qualify for a refund, persons must report their decisions to cancel a class by bringing their registration form in person to the 2nd Floor Gallery pay window by 4pm, Friday, April 10. Refunds will be given if a class is cancelled due to insufficient enrollment. REGISTER FOR A FRIEND Persons may register for themselves and one other person if they have appropriate identification for both. STUDENT SPOUSE BENEFITS With appropriate identification student spouses pay student rates. COURSE DESCRIPTIONS Refer to the following pages of this brochure for descriptions of courses, additional fee requirements, course prerequisites and necessary equipment and supplies. DORM DISCOUNTS For those students who register for the course which is held in the residence hall area or married housing village in which they reside, a $5.00 discount will be offered. Students must have a current residence hall I.D. card or Married Housing Discount Card to qualify. A listing of courses held in residence halls and villages will be posted at registration. NO. TITLE DAY TIMES INSTRUCTORS ACT 101 Acting 1 ...W 7 :30-9: 30pm Ron Gies AER 101 Aerobic Dance I ..........M&W 10 :00-11: O0amr Pam McCormick AER 102 Aerobic Dance 1 .M&W 12:30-1:301M Perri Crapo AER 103 Aerobic Dance 1.i. MW 3:00-4:00pm Ronda Hvman AER10 4 Aerobic Dance 1. ...M&W 5 :00-6: 00pm Jane Godwin AER 105 Aerobic Dance 0. M&W 6:00-7 :000M Jane Godwin AE 106 Aerobic Dance ..T&Th 12:00-1:00pm Linda Coleman AER 1 D7 Aerobic Dance 1. .........T&Th 1 :00-2 :00pm Ronda Hvman AER 108 Aerobic D nce I. .........T&Th 3: 00-4 :00pm TBA AER 109 Aerobic Dance 1. .....T&Th 5:00-6:00om TBA AER 110 Aerobic Dace 1. .T&Th 6:00-7 :00m Perri Craoo AER 1II Aerobic Dance I ..........T&Th 7 :30-8 :30pm Pam McCormick AER 112 Aerobic Dance I .........T&Th 9: 30-9: 30om TBA ALX 101 Alexander Technique 1 .Th 5:00-7:00on Diana Bradley AOU 101 Aquacise 1. .T&Th6:00-7:00p Shellie DuFault AOU 1002 Aquacise ..T&Th 7:00-8:00m Martha Montes AST 101 Astrolov ..Th 7:30-9:30pm Tom Hendrix AUT 101 Auto Mechanics 1.T 5:00-7:000m Andy Wilkin AUT 102 Auto Mechanics I .Th 5:00-7:00pm Andy Wilkin AUT 201 Auto Mechanics 11. 5:00-7:00pm Andy Wilkin AVA 101 Aviation Ground School 1 .W 7:00-11:000m* Maurice Stander BAC 101 Backpacking 1 (4 ws) .,.W 7:30-9:30pm J.J. Brasington BAE 101 Ballet For Exercise 1.M 12:30-2:30pm Virginia Edwards BAE 102 Ballet For Exercise I.T 12:30-2:30p Christy Oenbrink BAL 100 Ballet 1. .....9M&W :30-2:S30pm Perri Crao BAL 10.2 Ba.llet ...M&W 7:30-8:301m Carole Taylor BAL 103 Ballet I. ..11&W 8:30-9:30om Carole Taylor BAL 104 Ballet 0.1.T 2:30-4:30pm Christy oenbrink BAL 105 Ballet 81.1.W 5:00-7:00pm Marlene Sanchez BAL 106 Ballet 1 .......Th 5:00-7:00pm Cathy Burton BAL 107 Ballet 0.Th 7:30-9:30m Virginia Edwards BAL 201 Ballet 10.M W 2:30-3:30pm Perri Craoo BAL 202 Ballet110.T&Th 7:30-8:30pm Perri Crapo BAL 301 Ballet l11. TrTh 8:30-9:30pm Perri Crapo BAM 101 Ballroom Dance 1.T 7:30-9:30pm Raul Fernandez BAN 101 Banjo-Frailing 1.M 7:30-9:30m Roger Parramore BAD 101 Banjo--Scruggs Style 1.,W 7:30-9:30pb Roger Parramore BAR 101 BartendinI 5.M 5:00-7:00pm Pat Harvey BAR 102 Bartending 51.T 5:00-7:00pm Pat Harvey BAR 103 Bartendinq ..T 7:30-9:301m Tom Real BAS 101 Basketry 1 ...2:30-4:00pm Valerie Pothier BAS 10 2 Basketr 1 ..Th 10:00-12noon Valarie Pothier BS 301 asketry .i ....W 5:15-7:15pm Valerie Pothier BAS 401 Basketry IV.W 10:00-12noon Valarie Pothier BAS 901 Basketry IX.Th 5:15-7:15pm Valarie Pothier BAT 101 Batik I0.Th 7:30-9:30pm Mariln Asse BDE 101 Bellydancing for Exercise 1 .M 5:30-7:30pm Phaedra BDE 102 Bellydancing for Exercise .T 3:00-5:00pm Linda Coleman BDE 103 Bellydancing for Exercise I .W 5:30-7:30om Phaedra BDN 101 Bellydancing I.W 7:30-9:30pm Phaedra BDN 201 Bellvdancing I.T 15:00-7:00pm Phaedra BDN 101 Bellydancing III.M 7:30-9:30pm Phaedra BDN 401 Bellydancing V 0.Th 5:00-7:00pm Phaedra BIC 101 icyclin I.W 4:30-6:30pm P. Higginbottom BIC 102 Bicycl ng I ..Th 4:30-6:30pm P. Higginbottom BIM 10 1+ Bicycle Maintenance I .W 6:00-8:00m Chris Johnson RD 10 1 Bridge 1. ..T 5:30-7:30pm Thomas Clay CAL 101 Calligrahy 1. .Th 7:30-9: 30pm Diana Rolfe 00 CER 101 Ceramics I ...T 1:00-i3:00p Dot Sterling CER 102 Ceramics I ..T 3: 00-5:00p Dot Sterling CER 1003 Ceramics I. .1.0.w 1 iO0-3:00p Dot Sterling CER 104 Ceramics I.W 3:00-:00pm Dot Sterling CER 105 Ceramics I. W 5:15-7:15pm Jill Keezer Car 201 Ceramics I I ............T 5 :l5-7:15pm Jill geezer CER 202 Ceramics II .Th 1:30-3:30p Jill loser CER 203 Ceramics I.Th 5:30-7:30p Jillg eezer CER 301 Ceramics III.W 7:30-93pm Jill Keeer CHI 101 Chinese Vegetarian Cooking I.Th 7:30-9:30opm Kathleen OHare CA 101 Classical Guitar I. .Th 7:00-9:00pm Charlie Bush CLO 101 Clogging ..7:00-9:00p Maria Alvarez COM 101 Computer Progr ameting 1 (8 wks) ..T 7: 3G-9: 30pm Phil Schwartz CON 201 Conversational English II. .T 10:00-12noon Carol Hale COU 101+ Country Western Dance 1. 1W 6:00-7:00pm Maria Alv0re0 COU 102 Country Western.Dance 1.T 5:00-7:00pm Maria lvarez DAC 101 Dancercise-Bring Children .K&W 10:00-11:00am Carol Hale DAN 101 Dancorcise 1 .N&W 11:00-12noon Phaedra DAN 102 Dancerciss 1 .M&W 5:00-6:00pa Shellie Durault DAN 103 Dancercize I .M 5:00-7:00pa Bonnie Sparlinq DAN 104 Dancercise 1 .M&W 6:00-7:00ps Shellie Durault DAN 105 Dancercise I .TfTh 10:00-11:00as Carole Taylor DAN 106 Dancerciss 1. ..........T&Th 11:00-12noon Carole Taylor DAN 107 Dancercise 1 .T&Th 12:15-lil5pa Phaedra DAN 108 Dancorc ise 1 ...........T&Th 4 :30-5 :30cm Donnie Sper ling DAN 109 Dancercise 1 .TfTh 5:30-6:30po Donnie Sperling DAN 110 Doncercise 1 .Tfim 7:00-8:00pe Phaedra DAN Ill Dancercise 1 .W 5:00-7:00pa Martha Monte* DAN 112 Dancorcise 1 .Th 5:00-7:00pa Lydia Floyd DAR 101 Darkroom I (lot 1/2 quarter) .M 5:00-7:00pa Irene Gomulka DAR 102 Darkroom I (2nd 1/2 quarter) .M 5:00-7:00pa Irene Gomulka DAR 201 Darkroom 11 .T 5t00-7:00pm Irowne Gomulks, DCM 101 Deaf Communication 1 .M 5:00-7:00ps Lori Lazarus DCH 10 2 Dea f Commun icat ion I .......T 7&:30-9 :30pa Lori Lazarus DCM 201 Dea f Communication 11. ......Th 7 0 0-90 0ps Lor i Lazarus DIS 101+ Disco 1 .............M 6% 3":30pm Ricardo Rodriquew DIS 10 2+ Disco I ..............W 6 :30-6:tep Raul Fernandez D IS 20 1+ Disco 11 ..............T 6s30: 30pm Raul Permandes TOTAL FEES LAB FEES Nil Nil Nil 101 $21 il5 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 S19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 9 -$15 $19 S15 $19 -$15 $19 $s $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $1 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 019 -$15 $19 $15 $19 $3 $21 $27 S15 $19 $q S2 3 $27 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 $4 $19 $23 $15 $19 S4 $19 $23 $15 $lq $7 $22 $26 $25 $29 0 S25 $29 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 $10* $is $19 $is $19 $10* $15 $19 $15 $19 $10* $is $19 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $0 $23 $27 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 $10 $25 $29 $15 $19 -$15 $19' $15 $19 -M1 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 S15 $19 $2 $17 $21 $15 $19 $2 $17 $21 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 $1 $16 $20 $15S $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $10 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 $19 $15 $30 $34 $15 SL9 $10* $15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $L9 -$15 $19 $15 $19 $30* $15 $19 $is $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$is 19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 S$19 $15 $19 -$is $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19g $15 $19 -$IS $19 $is $19 -$Is $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $ 8 $10 $5 $13 $15 $ 8 $10 $5 $13 $IS $15 $19 $10 $25 $29 $is $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$IS $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $IS $19 -$is $19 $15 $19 -$IS $19 $15 $19 -$IS $19 w DOG 101 Dog Obedience 1. .. DOG 102 Dog Obedience 1 0R 101 Fi 0ure Drawing 1. URN 201 Figure Drawing 11. PAS 101 Fashion modeling 1 PLU 101 Flute .... PRE 101 French Cookin I. GRE 101 GRE Math Review I --.--. ... GUl 101 Guitar I. ...-.. GU0 102 Guitar 1-----. .. GU 003 GuitarI. I--.-.-. --. ... GUI 104 Guitar .I -.-. .. GUI 201 Guitar 11. -.-.-.-. GUI 202 Guitar 11 HEA 101 Healingad 0 n0 ery A. HRE 101+ Horseback Riding-English 1. HE 102+ Horseback Riding-English 1 KBE 201+ Horseback Riding-English 11. BE 202+ Horseback Riding-English 11. SM 101+ Horseback Riding-Western 1. HBW 102+ Horseback Riding-WesternI 10W 103+ Horseback Riding-WesternI HB 104+ Horseback Riding-Western 1. HOW 105+ Horseback Riding-Western A. H1V 106+ Horseback Riding-Western 1. HIM 201+ Horseback Riding-Wstern1. HN 202+ Horseback Riding-Western 11 JAD 101 Jazz Dance 1 .. JAD 102 Jazz Dance JAD 103 Jazz Dance 1 ---..--. JAD 201 Jazz Dance 0 0 JAG 101 Jazz Guitar 1. JAG 102 Jazz Guitar 1 .-. JAG 201 Jazz EGuitar 11. JEW 101 Jewel.y I. ... MAC 101 Macra00 I 11 iqtr.) NAG 101 Magic 1 .. 0AS101 Massage.. MRS 102 Massage 1. 9AS103 Massage0009000 0AS 104 Massage 1. NED 101 Meditation Relaxtion A .. 0ED 102 Meditation 1 1 ... OD 101 Modern Dance 1 ... MOD 102 Modern Dance 1-.-. 00 201 Modern Dance 100 s -. NCD 101 Night Club Dancing 1 PAR 101 Parapsychology 1. PHT101 Photography---. PHT 102 Photography. 1.-. P11T 103 Photography 1. PHT 104 Photography 1-. PT 201 Conceptual Phoogrphy 1. PT 101 P .intin1 -. -. POC 101 Pocket Billiards POC 201 Pocket Billiards 1--.-. RLR 101 0ollerskatin .1. --. RLR 102 Rollerskating .1.-. lLR 201 Rollerskating 11.--. RWV 101 Ring Weaving I (2nd12 7r ) 00A 101 SkotoboarEing1 I SKA 201 Skateboarding 11 SN 101 Song ritin1.3 0 -SOD 101 Square Dance 1 SD 201 Square Dance 1 STG 101 Stained Glass 1-.-----. ST 102 Stained Glass 1oO ----1-.--. STG 103 Stained Gl0ss 1. -. STG 201 Stained Glass 11---------. STR 101 Strsm Reduction .--.-.---TAB 101 Table Tnnin1.'. TAP 101 Tap Dance 1.---.-. TCH 101 T'ai Chi 1. .-..-. TCH 102 sai Chi 1.-----.-. TCH 103 T ai Chi 1.----. ---. -. TCH 104 0ai Chi 1 E.'.-----------. TIP 101 Typing 1 .-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-. TYP 102 Tvoing I V1101 Voice 1. 0A 101 Wi Appreciation 1 9m 102 Win00 o A ciation1. RON 201 Wine Appreciation 1 WSD 101 Woma' s Sel f De fense 1. 1SD 102 Mo A .'s Self Defense VMr. 201 Weaving 11 TOG 101 Yoga 1. YOG 102 Yoga 1. YOG 103 Yoga 1. YOG104o 1 N. Y 105 Toga 1. 00 1010 0101. YOt;106 Yoga I1 Tor-,107 Toga I ....... TOG 201 Yoga 11 ...... + COURSE SELD Or? CAMPUS SLAB P1M VARXASL9. SIE COURSE DESCRIPTI10 *k LA U MRDU AT FIRST CLASS DAY T114ES INSTRUCTORS .M 5:00-7:00p Rob Eoperson .T 5:00-7:00p o Rob Epperson .T 5:00-7:00pm James Ashley .Th 5:00-7:00p James Ashley .Th 7 :30-9.:30pm Linda Bruce ..M 5:00-7:00pm Janet Axelrod .T 7:30-9:30pm Kathleen o'Hare .T 5:00-7:00pm Allan $ither .-M 5:00-7:00pm Chuck Ho lden .-T 5:00-7:00pm Chuck Holden 1.W 7:30-9:30pm Peter Bolton .Th 7:00-9:00pm Charlie Bush .T 7:00-9:00pm Charlie Bush 0185:0-2100 Peto lop .:09:3p hity So ng .F 10:00-12noon Martha Crov .F 3:30-5:30pm Martha Croy .F 12:30-2:30pm Martha Cray .F 6:30-8:30pm Martha Croy .M 5:30-7:30pm Bill Cray .M 7:30-9:30m ill Croy .T 10:00-12noon Bill Croy .W 1:45-3:45pm Bill Croy .Th 10:00-12noon Bill Croy .Th 5:00-7:00p Bill Croy .T 3:00-5:00pm Bill CraO w 6:30-8:3010 Hill h W 4:30 5:3pm Katie Ellis .&T 1:00 :0pm Lydia Floyd .T&Th 8:00-9:00pm Katie Ellis .K&W 5:30-6:30pm Dina SanGiovani .M 5:007:00pm Charlie Bush .5:00-7:00pm Charlie Bush .5:00-7:00pm Charlie Bush S 1:0 0:30pm Sara-Nett Wood .:0-:30pm Sara-Nett Wood .W 7:30-9:30pm Bob Bengel .M 5:00-7:00pm David Brush .T 5:00-7:00pe David Brush .7:30-9:30pm Ron Combs .W 730 930pm Ron Combs .T .5ipm Kanu Dunn M-T 5:00-7:00pm Mitch Davidowitz .10:00-12noon Carole Taylor .M&F 5:00-60.0pm Tina Carlton .M&W 6:00-7:0pm Tina Carlton .M 7:0-9:00pm Maria Alvare .7.30-9:30p1 Michael Glancy .M 7:30-9:30pm Vicki Braun .0T 7:30-930pm Vicki Braun .W 5:00-7:00pm Brian Bliss .ATh 5:00-:00pm Brian Bliss .0-:30pm Brian Bliss h 2:00-4:00pm Valrie Pothier .1&T 5:00-7 :00pm TBA -44T 7:00-9:00pm TBA .1M 5:30-7:30pm Jimmy Senter itt .W 5:30-7:30pm Jimmy Senterfitt .007:30pm Jimmy Senter fitt .1 3 : 30pm Sara-Net t Wood h 2:30-4:30pm Logan Mabe T 2:30-4:30pm Logan 1abe 7:130-9 -:30pm Tim Murphey 1 7:00-9:00pm Ken McIntoh .h 8:30-10:30pm Ken McInto h .T 5:00-7:000 Cathy Gillet .T 7.30-9:30pm Cath illet .W 5:00-7:00p Cath Gillet .W 7:30-9:30po Cathy Gillet .7:130-9:30pm Alyse Tartell .M 5:00-7:00pm TBA .T&Th 5:00-6:00pm Perri Cra o .00-700lpm Paul Camobell .T 5:00-7:00p Greg Woodson .W 300-5:00pm Greg Woodson 2 00-7:004 1r10 Woodson Pw 12,20-1:15p. Liz Krause Th 1:20-0p 1.0.Marilyn allington S S.007:00p Peter Bolton .M 7:30-9:30p Wade Tyler .T 7:30-9:30pm Bunky martin 7,.T 3.030p4M Made Tvler .W 3:00-5:004 N DavopO .W 7100-010004 01010.0 LDevi" l 3 :00-110004 C 10th 01Griggers M 7:30-9:30p oSara-tt %too -X 2:30-4:30p. Michel Hassan ..:30-9:30p Fran Berardino .T 5:00-7:00pm Pat Howard .7:00-9:00pe Charlos Lefkowitz .W 5:00-7: 0 pm Michel Hassan .7:00-9:.0opm Charles Lafkawita .T 7 :30 -9 :30pa Gayle Weidefftnn -. 7:00-9: 00pM Char les Lefkawitz .TOTAL F EE S LAB FEES $15 Sil -$15 19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 6* $15 $19 $15 $19 -6 $15 Si9 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 .$1051Sig $15Si $1 -$15 S ig $151 $19 -1;5$19 $15 Si9 -$t5 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 19 15 $09 105 $19 $15 $19 -15 $19 $15 19 $15 $19 15 -19 4*$151 9 $15 19 S 40*15 $19 $15 $190 $40-$151019 S15 $19 -40*S05 $19 $15 $l9 -40*S115S19 $15 $19 540*SI5 $19 I15 $19 S40*S15 $19 $15 SO9 -40*Si5 Sil $15 $19 S 40* S15 $19 $15 S$19 S40*S15 $19 $15 $19 $40*S1> Si9 $15 Sig9SSl5 Si9 S15 $19 -$40* 5 S9 $15 $19 -$s $1S9 $15 $19 -$15 S19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$5 $20 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 Si9 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -si5 Sig $15 $19 -S15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 S19 $15 $19 -S15Sig1 $15 $19 -S15 S19 $15 $19 -$15 S19 $15 $19 -S15 1 S9 $15 319 -S15 S19 S15 S19 S* 15 S19 S15 S1l9 -S15 S19 $15 S19 -0*S15 Si9 $15 $19 -*S15 Sig $15 S19 Slo* S15 $19 5 S 19 S 3 is$19 l $15 S19 57* $15 $19 S15 S19 S7* S15 S19 S15 S19 S15 $19 S15 $19 -S15 $19 S15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 S19 2$15 $14 $15 $19 S20* $15 $19 S15 S19 520* S15 S19 $15 S19 -20 $15 S19 $15 S19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -S15 $19 $15 $19 S$215241 S15 $19. $5 $21 $24 $15 $19 S5 S20 S24 $15 $19 $5 $20 $24 $15 $19 $5 S20 $24 $15 $19 $5 $20 $24 $15 $19 $5 $2() $24 $15 $19 S$20 S24 $15 $19 -2*$15 $19 $15 $19 $12* $15 i19 $15 $19 $12* $15 $19 $15 $19 -12 $15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$IS $19 $is $19 -$15 $19 $15 $19 -$15 $19 m I 

PAGE 15

7VEME ~'TNIGN T HearMaurae Chevaliersing MI end Thursday. April2 ether eanderflm Isangsin :his3iypnd rnventive fimt ?&9:30 pm G JUNIPER SPRINGS CANOE RUN April 18 Canoe this beautiful crystal-clear run in the Ocala National Forest. Registration: Cost: April 6 at 9 am $5-Students Room 330, JWRU $6-Non-students includes: All equipment and instruction All Registrants Must: 1. Attend workshop on April 16 at 7:30 S2. Show proof of medical insurance 3. Sign waiver of liability 4. Pay fee at registration Starring tSrme J Jones M a en n Sydo 0 Frl&SatK~ April3&4 7:.0, 9:30.midnight PG I .66Wanna see my etchings?" A special exhibition and sale of original graphic art arranged by Marson Graphics Sponsored by the J. Wayne Reitz Union Monday April 6 11 am to 7pm Tuesday April 7 10 am to 4pm alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981, 15 a w oman Sndy Ariis a woman (subtiled Directed by Jean Lc Godard A coedy arbout 0 st reer red Ageewo ofr orrrigee Sunday, April 5 3:"pM Wonderful Disney Animation -urnw Reitz Union 2nd Floor Gallery 01 Featured will be works by Chagall, Daurner, Fntin-Latour, Maillol, Roualt, and Whistler, and by noted contemporary artsits such as Baskin, Coughlin, OConnor, Koczmorek, and Eggers, The cotlection sOffordoble priced with prints beginningat$5. A representatve willbe present to answer questions boaut the work, the artists, and various graphic technques employed. They're back again! Join us at the O&B for the best music in town. This Friday and Saturday, beginning at 9:00 pm, come check out the fine sounds of Seaboard. They're bringing back their seaside songs to start your spring quarter off great. And be sure to check out our new menu. With quiche, cheese platters, french dip and wine now served, the O&B is the best reason to stay on campus for lunch, dinner or late-night 4 snacks. A PANEL DISCUSSION Featuring visiting and local women artists and arts professionals. April 2 -8pm in the J:W.R.U. Ballroom APPLICATION FOR STUDENT MEMBERSHIP ON THE J. WAYNE REITZ UNION BOARD OF MANAGERS for the Term September 1, 1981-August 31, 1982, are now being accepted. Applications are available at the 3rd Floor Activities Desk of the Reitz Union Info Desk. Deadline for submitting application to Student Affairs Office, 123 Tigert is Wednesday, April 16, 1981. 3frj agnt cita nion anb$tubmt (&3ut Jtoburtion pitromt Atif 8-U apm qjniurritq Mr nmoaf}ubitorium ftaturin A3c(fain$Ul t(DlcirTUi alt i3Jl f l tl(tinU l(fiUt(Dmo$ k! 3I f Jpa tubnt of f( 1uJi3 0 Z.-O' nl-- 

PAGE 16

16, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 Bill would fund pot spraying By Tom Butler Alligator Writer Paraquat, the toxic herbicide once used to kill marijuana plants in Mexico, could make a comeback with a Senate bill sponsored by Florida Sen. Lawton Chiles and Georgia Sen. Sam Nunn. The bill, which Chiles called "another step in the effort to reinforce our drug-fighting capability," would once again allow U.S. foreign aid money to Mexico, Colomhia and other nations to be used for spraying paraquat on marijuana, and perhaps another herbicide on opium poppies. Rep. Clay Shaw, RFt. Lauderdale, will introduce a companion bill in the House of Representatives. Paraquat, manufactured in the United States by Chevron, quickly shrivels a plant's exposed green parts. Mexican authorities in 1975 began spraying the chemical from helicopters to destroy marijuana fields in mountainous areas. 4 When contaminated pot began reaching U.S. smokers, Health, Education and Welfare Secretary Joseph Califano issued a warning that paraquat-tainted pot could cause lung damage. Congress in 1978 banned the use of U.S. aid for paraquat spraying. In a March letter to President Reagan, Chiles said the worst possible effect of using paraquat would be that between 50 to 100 marijuana smokers would be exposed to'significant amounts" of contaminated pot. But Chiles called marijuana the greater health problem. Sam Fluker of UF's pesticide information office agreed that the worry over paraquat was "entirely overblown." But he said paraquat is "a very lethal poison if taken in a strong enough dose" and added that there is no antidote to paraquat. One person has survived after accidentally swallowing paraquat, Fluker said. Chiles aide Jack Pridgen said Colombian President Julio Cesar Turbay Ayala has en-couraged U.S. financing of paraquat spraying as a way of demonstrating U.S. willingness to control the drug trade. Gainesville attorney Jeff Meldon, one of two Florida coordinators for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, says he doubts a Colombian paraquatspraying operation would work. ."When it comes down to the nitty-gritty, I'd be very surprised if they got paraquat spraying going in a country whose largest export crop is marijuana," he said. "I think Colombia's going to tell them to leave them alone. UF political science Professor Steven Sanderson said stopping the source of the drugs won't stop what is a trend in the United States. "My basic feeling is it's not a question of spraying the drugs, it's a question of controlling the market," Sanderson said. "Those drugs would not be produced in such great quantities if there were not a fantastic consumer market with high prices in the United States." Meldon echoed Sanderson's view, saying, "It's not a criminal problem, it's a social problem." He said Chiles' bill was political. "He wants to get re-elected and it's a good excuse for him and Sam Nunn to get up and yell and scream," he said. Video Pinball 9 Foosball Over 50 Games of Skill! This Summer Develop Your Art and Design Ability in Intense Workshops in New York City at sign For the 16th consecutive summer Parsons School of Design offers intense, college-credit, summer sessions for college students. An ideal opportunity to develop your skills and portfolio while studying in the art capitol of the world. This special series of courses is designed for current college students who wish to advance their own art careers. Courses are taught by professional artists and designers and are of six weeks duration starting June 29th. Each course carries four college credits and meets full-time, six hours per day, four days per week. Dorm accommodations and scholarships are available. For further information please use the coupon below or call (212) 741-8975. Courses are offered in: Drawing Painting Photography Jewelry Weaving Ceramics Illustration Graphic Design Fashion Design Environmental Design PIN PMN ALLEY 1728 W. University --~ Gainesville Fla. Dean of Students Parsons School of Design 66 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10011 Please send me more information on college courses in New York this summer. Name Addeess________________________ _____________ City/State/Zip 5 E PAM. 11CLAV~InT M NEW students unite now SUN PARTY WANTS YOU. TO SLATE WITH US See us at tables all around campus Come see us for an interview at room 337 of J.W. Reitz Union from 11-5 Thursday and Friday Let's Put Sunshine Back into Student Government. I 

PAGE 17

THE MOST CONVENIF AND CONVENIENCE G A S Spring Speci als Lowenbrau (Reg. or Dark) $2.78 6 Pk. Coke, Sprite & Tab Quarts 3/.99 + dep. Cribari Pink Chamgagne & Cold Duck $2.78 bottle CORNER OF S.W. 34TH ST. AND ARCHER ROAD 4D MILK SOFT DRINKS SNACKS e SEER -SINGLES e SIX PACKS 9 CASES NT BEVERAGE STORE EVER! .N.N. E Celebrate The Shining firts!1i Week Of Free Culture a Entertainment Brought To You By Sa 8 Omega Delta Kappa nday, April 5 Tuesday, April 7 can't 10am-2pm Claude Sheppard, Whip young People's Concert with alI day. ..Sante Fe Zoo Cracker & Whittier on the colonnade Villas Page and the on the Union North Lawn Thursday, April 9 ity Symphony Orchestra Marson Art show in Union Gallery at Graham Pond )yal Lipazzon Stallion Show Clown drawing contest 3:30 pm "No Commercial Appeal" band hen O'Connell Center On the colonnade 4:20 pm "Artificial Ingredients" The Art Ensemble Chicago Evening 4:40 pm "No Commercial Appeal" Concert UF Bandshell 8:00 pm UF Theatre Dept. Performances 8:00 pm GENE RODDENBERRY-Creator of onday, April6 "Ernie Pyle Here is my War" Star Trek, (Accent, Celebration & Union Colonnade "Play by Play" Engineer's Fair) at the O'Connell Center Constans Theatre 8:00 pm "Carmina Burana" ue Ganz, Soloist with guitar 8:15 pmh UF Choir-Medical Center University Auditorium z Union Arts & Crafts display Auditorium 9:30 pm "The Producers" at the Ratskeller mm UF Men's Glee Club Wednesday, April 8 Friday, April10 a. Players Lunch Box Theatre on the colonnade., on the Union Colonnade .one act play 11:00 am Sue Ganz, soloist with guitar 9-12:00 pm International Culture Day inesville Civic Ballet-daonce 12:00 pm Lunch Box Theatre 12:00 pm Fla. Players Lunch Box Theatre UF Frisbe Club (plaza) 1:00 pm Fencing Club demonstration on 2pm-3:00 pm International Culture "Mercedes" rock band the Plaza of the Americas. ..continues at Graham Pond m e"Artificial Ingredients". i .r tion 3:30 pm "Grand Larceny" pm "Mercedes" t r 4:20 pm "Artifical Ingredients" 4s Art "MShowd Unioening 4:40 pm "Grand Larceny" mrson Art Show Union 7:00 pm ACADEMY AWARD MUSICAL :00 pm UF Theatre IVAL ALL NIGHT MOVIES "Sound of Performances:t',iddler on the Roof", "West Side Pyie: Here isy"Funny Girl" over": Const "Carmina Burona" pm Vocal t -Auditorium Ical Cent t "The Producers" le-t keller :00-ril 11 ha' -he Colonnade owing, --Education ug" "urst of &u%-'l Na v WArKS 0 CASES e KEGS SOF DRINKS VA BLO C A N D St 1:30 pm Y Univers 8:00 pm R Step 8:00 pm1 Jazz1 M4 on the 10:00 am S 11 am Reit 11:30c 12.00pm Fl 1:00 pm Gc 2:00 pA at 3:30 pn 4:20 pn 4:4 all day-Me S "Ernie "The Li 8:151 Medi Tu 9: 11:00 disp 4r"S pal I 1 I w Ut Fi g u g r -u r s ouK o my , p r ,*,SR S KER -SNLS 0 %VPrC AEC -nilinnte thtr rv d inil 2 19 1 17 F G S C A City approves widening of SW 16th Avenue By KIKI BochI Al Ii gator Staff Wr iter Although a plan to widen Southwest 16th Avenue has been approved, it may be quite some time before the project begins. "I have reason to believe it will take at least three years before they start," said County Engineer Ed Culpepper. The improvement plan calls for four lanes and a center turning lane to be constructed from Southwest 13th Street to South Main Street at a cost of about $1.7 million. The plan originally was rejected a year ago by the local Metropolitan Transportation Planning Organization when MTPO members and state Department of Transportation officials disagreed on placement of bike paths. The state agency had been opposed to having bicycles and cars travel on the same road but some MTPO members maintained that cyclists were safer riding with the cars than on sidewalks with pedestrians. The MTPO, composed of city and county commissioners, finally agreed to the DOT proposal last wee .after it became apparent Southwest 16th Avenue might not otherwise be improved. It has asked, however, that the DOT reconsider its stance. In related action, the .PO voted unanimously to further investigate a $3.8 million bikeways plan for the Gainesville urban area. The plan, one of three options drawn up by consulting firm CH2M Hill, is expected to be paid for with federal and state grants and local taxes. 

PAGE 18

18, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 DISCOVER ROYAL PARK PLAZA 04 G ET THE BUGS OUT. W en you need service, Don't Fool Around. Let the Experts at BIKE ROUTE do It. Minor Overhaul $14.95 Brakes, gears and ball bearing surfaces adjusted Remove clean & lube complete power train Valid only with coupon 1304 W. Univ. Ave 377-4550 3732 Newberry Rd. 374-4550 BIKE ROUTE WET IS WONDERFUL 0 STANDS & SMES All Your Favorite Surf Wear Is At ISLAND SURF SHOP INLAND SURF SHOP 13 ANASTASIA BLVD. 3706 NEWBERRY RD. ST. AUGUSTINE, FLORIDA GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA 32084 32607 (904) 824-5411 (904) 372-7873 LAFAYETTE RADIO T.V. COAXIAL SPLITTERS 75 Ohm Hybrid Splits the signal from a single coaxial downlead & distributes it into two or four separate lines. 2 WAY UHF/VHF $3.15 4 WAY UHF/VHF $6.95 Matching Transformer $199 RG 59/u cable 14c per ft. SOLID STATE STEREO PRE-AMPLIFIER Enables use of magnetic cartridge with amplifier $ 99 "o' having magneticinuts. 3 ~ $5 Modei 730 OFF Expires 4/19/81 coupon Vali olwihcuon own CWInnmr of 2 Aadem y Avverb g 4Visit us today V sfor all your craft Call Theatre for and needlework needs times & Prices A TRUE STORY Supplies "JONI" (G) for needlepoint. smocking, Running rom the post knitting tole & decorative e year's painting Miniature furniture best film.""' LO'ELJESTMES he HandiCrafters where' ideas groii' tTESS Photograph by Maureen Larnbray nerOpen 10-6 Mon.-Thurs. Inside Royal Park Mail FP 3 Academy Awards CaItmbisPk 5S 37&-Uo 3722 Newberry Rd. Shop the Royal Park Plaza Today! i ,"-Nqmmmmm- 

PAGE 19

alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981,19 inside families in El Salvador. It was their primary source of income for armaments. And they were there to kidnap Julio Manasquez. He had a comfortable job as manager of his father's trucking business. He made $1,000 a month. A fortune compared to the $12 monthly pay a peasant of El Salvador was likel to receive; an economic reality that forces many peasants into terrorism. Faced with these terrorists, the 27year-old Salvadoran didn't want to make the first move. But out of the corner of his eye he kept watching the revolver lying on his desk. The guerilla inside the room read his thoughts and, not anticipating that Manasquez might be left-handed, dove for the gun. But Manasquez scooped the gun first, and ran behind an ice box for shelter. Shots rang out and in the span of six seconds Manasquez had wounded them all. Groping the bullet wound that had pierced his stomach, an employee rushed Manasquez across the street to a hospital. He then escaped to Miami for medical treatment. Meanwhile the leftist guerilla group searched for the man who shot four of its members. It's been a year since Manasquez last saw his country, and one by one each of his brothers and sisters have left the torn nation to attend school in Gainesville. Now safe and free from terror, all nine of them gathered around their dining room table recently to talk of their chaotic lifestyles in the days before they left the small Latin American country. Although thousands of miles from El Salvador, fear of repercussions linger and they asked that their real names not be used. They paint an ugly picture of their strife-torn homeland. A picture of coffee plantations lying fallow, turned into battleg-ounds in the tiny country's civil war between guerilla terrorists and the U.S.-backed junta. The two sides have waged economic warfare, the guerillas hoping to bring the junta to its knees with economic collapse, the junta hoping to prove through the guerilla-incited economic disaster that it is the only government that can run a healthy economy. While U.S. aid to El Salvador is up to $63.5 million, 30 percent of its people are unemployed. El Salvadoran government reforms, such as nationalization of the banks and an agrarian reform program that would take the 60 percent of El Salvador owned by 2 percent of its citizens and redistribute it, have pushed the shaky economy to the brink. Business and trade are almost at a stand still, crops lie unplanted and unharvested because workers are afraid to, venture into the fields and make themselves targets of 40 terrorists, or the junta death squads. As violence escalated and four American nuns were killed, U.S. interest in the country escalated, too. Now the country's civil war is fueled by the Reagan -ad ministration's determination to make El Salvador an example of the United State's battle against communism. Mercedes Menasquez says the battle has left its scars on the face of her country. In San Salvador, there is no such thing as a display window -inthe stores anymore, says Mercedes, an architect major at UF. The sheets of glass have been rereplaced by cemented brick walls, because of the frequent' IIustrution almost daily bombing and shooting sprees. by buster O'COfl The entrances to supermarkets have been narrowed, and a policeman is posted on the inside to search handbags for possible bombs. Cars can be purchased with bullet-proof windows, and almost everybody carries a gun. Nobody walks the streets at night, becaus@ the junta government sets curfew times, which if violated, usually result in death, said David Sowell, a graduate student in Latin American Studies. Mercede's father died because of this curfew. Her father was in the hospital the day a junta of Salvadoran colonels and civilians overthrew the right-wing military dictator General Carlos Humberto Romero in October of 1979. The curfew was established that same day as an "enhanced show of power" by the new government, said Sowell. At 2 am., Mercedes' father went into a coma. Efforts to get a specialist to the hospital were made, but because of the curfew the doctor couldn't get to the hospital. Her father died at 4 a.m. Guillermo can count at least ten times when he was almost killed. He would get caught up in the cross-range fire of the El Salvadoran army and the guerilla groups, and would have to take refuge. He'd often have to spend the night in his office because it was too dangerous to go outside. Once he spent six hours in a parking lot waiting for firing to stop. "You get used to it," said Guillermo, who is applying for the master's program at UF's business school. And his brothers and sisters have to agree. "When you are there you accept things," Mercedes said. But according to Iliana, different people accept things in different ways. Iliana was the manager of a funeral company in San Salvador, and had 100 people working for her. She was able to divide the reactions of her workers into two groups: the very nervous and the very calm. "If a bomb blew nearby, I would have half these people screaming and going into shock, and the other half calming them down," said Iliana, a 30-year-old mother. And bombs did explode in and around the funeral company because they refused to bury the terrorists' dead. "I told the guerillas we would bury them if they performed the ceremony in the same manner in a coffin without all the red banners and Russian flags," Itiana said. But the guerillas refused, and took to shooting and bombing the funeral office in retaliation. But these middle and upper class workers didn't always sit back and take it. In December of 1979, two months after a junta took over the right-wing dictatorship government, 300,000 women from all over El Salvador staged a denionstration in an attempt to "beg leftist guerillas and the El Salvadoran government to stop fighting," said Iliana, who along with Mercedes and Juanita, now a student at Santa Fe Community College, participated in the march. "Peace, love and work" for El Salvador was the theme of the demonstration, and according to Iliana, women from all over the country came dressed in white T-shirts and blue jeans representing the colors of the El Salvadoran flag. But revolutionary and guerilla groups laughed and called the demonstration the "Designer Jean Revolution," said Dr. Tommie Sue Montgomery, a political scientist and freelance journalist who was in San Salvador at the time of the march. According to talks Montgomery had with the guerilla members, they felt that the 300,000 women were not representing the women of El Salvador -just middle class interests. Montgomery says that middle class-high class has always been the predominant interest even though the peasants outnumber tb'e bourgeois by at least 10 to 1. These women marched through the streets of San Salvador carrying miniature light blue and white Salvadoran flags and singing the Salvadoran anthem, as mocking revolutionaries on the sidelines spit in their hair, threw Tobasco sauce in their eyes and yelled obscenities at the bourgeois women that strutted by. The guerillas ambushed the demonstration near the end of the procession where Iliana was marching. A man jumped on top of her. "I don't know where you have the strength sometimes, but I just hit him in the balls and that's it," explained tliana. As the man doubled over in pain, Iliana ran to fook for her mother who had been marching right beside her in the procession. Suddenly two men grabbed her by the arms, and jerked her to a halt. A third guerilla raised a large stone, which had been used in a stone blockade, and was about to smash the see next page -4 'Ti *1 

PAGE 20

20, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 great rock on Iliana's head when with all her strength she bashed her head in between his legs. The impact of the hit forced the two combs she was wearing in her hair deep into her scalp, causing trickles of blood to stream down her forehead. But it served her purpose. The man doubled over, let go of the rock, and dropped it on the foot of one of his other accomplices holding Iliana. Now Iliana had only one man to contend with. She screamed, bit and poked his eyes with her thumbs, but he still held on steadfastly. He bit her back, and dug a hole in her leg just below the knee with his fingers. A carload of friends pulled up, and threatened the leftist with his life. He fled. One month later in January of 1980, a second junta took over the Salvadoran government after several members of the first junta resigned. They found they could not control the military stronghold that the army forces exerted on the Salvadoran society. This military stronghold dates back to 1932 when, according to Montgomery, the military forces first assumed the responsibility for the running of the country -politically. The oligarchy or the "14 families" took economic responsibility. Through an alliance with the rich of the El Salvadoran society, and repression of the peasants, the military has managed to keep the "concentration of land and a resulting Most people who turn to the Classifieds already have a product or service in mind, and head right for your best prospects. This means na lk re lt fa &S&2 concentration of wealth in a continually fewer number of hands," Montgomery said, in a recent interview in Gainesville. "El Salvador is trying to support 4.7 million people in a country only 10 times the size of Alachua County," says Montgomery. This overpopulation only adds to the tiny country's problems. In order to appease the revolutionaries and the poor people, the second junta passed an agrarian reform bill in March of 1980 to redistribute some of the farm land to the people, and to nationalize the banks of El Salvador, Iliana said. Pedro, a 45-year-old farmer, who with his father worked to build their original 400-acre farm to a 3,000-acre plantation, lost all of his father's land to the government in March. So to scrounge up enough money to transport he and his family to Gainesville, Pedro smuggled three tractors, three bulldozers and a truck across the Salvadoran border. Fortunately, a friend owned a farm situated right on the border between El Salvador and Guatemala. Pedro drove each tractor to his friend's farm, and took it out of El Salvador on the other side, selling it to whomever would buy. Manasquez family also was hit financially by the takeover of the second junta. The junta nationalized the banks and Manasquez' father, who owned 15 percent of the stock in a private bank, lost over $1 million. Even with the loss, his father found a way to send Manasquez and his brothers and sisters away from the violence of El Salvador. Manasquez and his brothers and sisters in the United States still plan on going back to their country. They feel a twinge of guilt for being over here, while their parents remain in danger. But they stay, preparing for the day when they can return to help their country. "I feel bad being over here," said Mercedes. "But I feel I'll do better for my country by getting a degree." 376 444 It pays to look into the Classifiedsi UIC rsu ir It00I Manicurist Available Looking for a Career .in.Travel? Airline/Travel Agency Training Classes Starting April 20 Register at: TRAVEL Creekside Mall 3 SERVICE INC. 3260 Welcome Back Students. Student Night Tonight from deep in the heart of Texas. JERRY WADELL BAND Challenge the fury of Z El Toro (mechanical bull) 0 0 Take a TKO at the o punching bag 1890's billiard parlor 0 Pure country sound FRE Doors Open At 8 PM -Plenty of FREE Parking DRINK SPECIALS 25c DRAFT *$2.00* PITCHER 50c MIXED DRINKS E Admission with Student ID 238W. University Ave, ~~ 501-B N.W. 23rd Ave. Gainesville, Florida 32601 (904) 372-9828 

PAGE 21

people r~Now --w~uis pp3I3W a y alien Fih -1n ATligator writer Cenoe Club: meets tonight at 6 in room 2346 of General Purpose Building A. A Santa Fe day trip will be discussed. Alpha Keppe Psh will meet tonight at 8 in rooms 361 and 362 of the Reitz Union. Plans for the Tampa field trip will be discussed. Hillel Activitler: free Bible study followed by a luncheon begins today at noon. Lunch is $2.50. Israeli folk dancing r I ---ML-ALmML 9PaM PuTcaL Avia mIS1M SWITCH FOR A CNANG9 371-0209 373-8076 ifk away. Everyone has an excuse for not seeing their doctor about colorectal cancer. However, every year 52,000 men and women die of colorectal cancer in this country alone.'Two out of three of these people might be saved by early detection and treatment. Two out of three. So what is your excuse? Today you have a new, simple, practical way of providing your doctor with a stool specimen on which he can perform the gualac test. -This can detect signs of colorectal cancer in its early stages before symptoms appear. While two out of three people can be saved. Ask your dootorWbout aguJao tet., and stop exewingyourlife away. I I willyulor, Inur3ow" upri I Z, I yo 1, A I begins at 8: 15 p.m. The center is at 16 NW 18th St. Planned Perenthood Volunteer Trulning: has a session tonight at 7 at the Presbyterian Student Center, 1402 W. University Ave. Falling Gators Parechute Club: meets Friday at 7 p.m. in room B-70 of the Reitz Union. Business Administration College Council: meets Friday at 11:15a.m. in room 223 of Bryan Hall. Center for Latin Anweriun Studies and the University Gellery: presents a public lecture on archaeology by John A. Graham, a professor from the University of California at Berkeley, Friday at 8 p.m. at the University Gallery. Florid. Ciceronee: meets today at 4 in room 337 of the Reitz Union. Elections for officers will be held. I allinntmthair2ri~ nrwil 9 10AI Oil 

PAGE 22

:22. oligotor, thurday, 'april12,l81 Ib ~ -When yo're buy Wth I ~now tan aw W s o for w mePuft. APRIL 1961 LOOK BETTER FEEL BETTER 3 Aeisto Hdlp YoiB 80-Armour Star Meat or Beef Jumbo Hot Dogs1.49*1 Sunnyland Fresh Breakfast 2 Links .2 Rich ah TurkeyW Franks .' ,.89 Swift Premium (All Varieties) Brown 'N Servet Sausage .$is15 9 Swift Premium Sliced Bologna, Olive Loaf or Pickle Loaf.& P*,:69 Cortland Armour Star Fuy Cooked Sauerkraut. :49* (2 to 4-lb. average) Plumrose Boneless ioeless Canned Ham. ;W $496 Ham. $22 Cream or Party Snacks Rath Vita Herring. gs Smoked Daintees$. $21 Tarnow Mild, Medium or Hot THE PLACE FORWhole Hog PRODUCE 1b-. Serve Chilled, Ripe Sweet Sausage. .$* Cantaloupe e. 99Florida Fresh Tender Gr~ lilleans. lb.59* High in Vitamin C, Florida Seedless Whte Grapefruit B.8bs-1 Excellent for Snacks or Salads, P ta oe "Virgna" Red Decious APPI ..3 b-8 89 FlorIda Sweet Testy Juice Oranges .5 1b S Rich Source of Vitamin A, Florlda Crisp barrots .2 b%39 Forbips or Salads, Ripe; Flavorful Ao do. 2 ,,, 7 AI Good Steamed or Fried, 11 -% Y 1 Florida Tender K Yeftw Squosh .Plb 490 Excelent Raw In Salad, "Country Stand" Brand Fresh Muehreems-l .',%,$~lg Seafood Treat, Frozen For the King of Salads -"Caesar" Flounder Florida Crisp Fillet-.TO $ 2 Seafood Treat, Frozen Lettues.' T 33 Halibut Steak .-2' k THRU WEDNESDAY Ap APR. OTH 1981 .. CLOSED SUNDAY. sprfn dwfnin, Irs rim to's eilc ousvl t uthApl er&chmxs an cld ul L e, yrtI. io mtte dDcial ,M"in "e va AomondiTnety Ba $40 Rdyttop ak-usap tSouthSPrnRanff. $3" 'dinh$3aked Dekiot Smoke BrawDutch Apple *"$5 schwaIM ror Fresh P '"'""""'"'. '*' o Liver wurati. "C o o h ei Zesty-Flavored fonie. b $0 Potato Amne.a 4 Sald. e -.Noodles Ready-to-take-out Southern m n~f. 1 FrWe Chicken. lb;o$3 7 Plain, Poppy or Seeded Itll rowd. E 59. ,oo.wwRoun U.S.D.A. Choice k ^tea' k (Whole in the Bag) Tenderloin .$ 39 11eef Cube Stewk .g 2" 9 1-LB. PKG. 4-CT. CAN 3-LJR5-L.S. BAG, ALL VRE no a m PLLSSURY'SCWtE 3G-02. JAR N saedBaon Dnnr o~ Mynnis PsbMlow 0 

PAGE 23

alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981, 23 VLASIC 32. or a JNT'S TOMATO Coke, Tab BONUS BUYS Sprite H.t.s S.F.Sprite Tomato Sauce .' Mello-YelloHunot's Welch's Gra Tomato Paste. 3, Hunt's ItalIan Style & Welch's Tomatoe. Strawberry Gals 2 Lter Bottle's Family Napkins .0 $1.09 each plus ox White Decorated, Delgner or Assor BOecty Towels. Schlitz ANVarlties (Except Whole Wheat) Beer Pilsbury's Flour,. 12 oz. cons 6 pok. Gllo'Is Vh'ofr Chabla Wine .* e $$ plus tax (5 Off Label) Uquld Bleach S EffectAvelnAchua County Clorox .2 T HE PL ACE FOR SPCALVA LUE S Ortega (10-ct.) 4. Taco Shela. .a. 694 Ortega Hot or Mild Taco Sauce. 69* Ket hup ortga Seasoning Mix ..9 Ortega (ict. Family'Pack) Taco Shells. 99e Ortega -j%r-r. 7+-sa 12S-OZ.UOT., I Fla. Grade A Large LOROX UOUID EGGS A Cozy 1 m wFor The color mfmim NI A J ---------RACI( on 390 rdkI (M & na t 87 -'CYCLCEDIA S690VOLUM 3 ALL KW)S OF A 690A-ALS FROM ted ,.' ELEPHANTS 790 -= DOSA2UT PUMRESERVESTHE PGHT 8 oaf fI om 890 THE PLACE FOR THE PLACE FOR HOUSEHOLD ITEMS FROZEN FOODS c $349 Crest Bathroon Stouffer's Frozen Deodorizer. *' 89 Potatoes 790 Carbons Tfe & Bath Au Gratin." 774 Cleaner. .*.* 200 Night Hawk Frozen Chopped Steak Dinner. else Rich's Non-Dairy Coffee Rich. 59, Birds Eye Frozen Peas & Shels With-Mushrooms, Corn & Green Beans With Pasta Curls or Broccoli & Carrots Spa heti With Pasta Twists :onhs Blue Ribbon tMrs. Paul's Deviled $1109 Ai ~Crabs .vkq Milkman Instant Low-Fat :onu (1-quart size) se Dry IM .-87s (10C Off LabWl) KeebWe's z Fudge Cremes ." 894 *%+Ore hoppn is apleasue Store Hours 5:W0 a.m. I. 2ND till 9:00 p.m. EDMAY Monday thru W01 .-Saturday Closed r MeAY ~Y.Sunday 015 Gainesville Locations to serve youl eOS.Y iei N. meIga s i5tsS.W.SSStd. --TIAD00Ts LAUM a. 1esss.w.eAms. 511 TIII5ADOOOOATTHUS5LOCATIONSONLY WI 

PAGE 24

24, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 WATCH "LIVING-ROOM"' at 7:30 am, 1:30 5:30 7:30 pm on DATA /VISION TV CH.6 FORl RENT A Great Deal! sublet for summer, V llage Park 2BR, furnished, wall-to-wall, A/C $255/mo ; fall renewal option$285/mo. Call 377-0933. 4-7-5-1 A brand nw apartment, close to campus, Shands + Nationwide. Quality features $295/mo. Call 378-8496 or 375-0016 4-10-10-1 Efficiency in rear of home, furn 2 mi from med ctr prefer male grad student, quiet. no pets $175 per mo with lease deposits 378-2016. 4-3-5-1 Groot opportunity for students I bedroom 1 both util not include. $179 rent $200 S.D. call 372-3826 4-3-5-1 immediate occupancy 4 bedroom split level apt across street from campus $135 + 1/4 utilities, fully furnished call Matt 371-2466. 4-3-5-1 HartBuiding&RealEstate, Realtor 373-8424 1 BR 2 blk to campus$210 1 BR S.E 8st+I o .$198 2 BR Near G'ville Mall $225. 4-10-10-1 Available immediately. 4-bedroom apart1 1 2 both pclheatinga a Cls for more information 378-9135. 4-13-10-1 Sublease 1-bedroom unfurnished Gatowood apt. starting Apr 1 lease exp Aug I $240 month renewal poss 375-1701. 4-6-5-1 FOR FINE MUSICAL ENTERTAINMENT BELOVED BAND with Rhonda James For PARTIES & SOCIALS Call MANI 373-6374 Coog efficiency. All utilities poid. Six 2 Bedroom House for rent. Within 6 blocks blocks 1t UF. Very quiet and pr vte .Prefer of campus. First and t equield. Call grad or mture student. $170. 376-0654. 372-3714oafter5. 4-8-5-1 4-2-3-1 SUBLET -Available now. Large tB 5opt 1 bdm Ibth opl, 2 bikes to U of F, fully I~pool, 1ni001s, big closes, walk to Oaks Mooll, nshed, b tful large .r0m, cable TV, no pubpit$235 mrsCll37441 11 4-8-5-1 pots ok, ext. clean, suhble now w/opliol $195/monStee0375-8574 4-6-5-1 MUST SUBLET -2 bd/2. onf opt at rodywn& Pool, DyW. Balcony, Loundry. Ryl Available: garage opt. Complete kchen now and save $38. Call 375-Ill or separate nI u. Located 1 blk from track on 377-1634Apt. L102. 4-8-5-1 23td SI. $130/mo + ul .Call Ed 373-4044 days-ight. 4-3-4-1 BEAUTIFUL, SPACIOUS Aprme,6 cou 1 campus is fc, ren srcluiely far the suSublet 1 bedroom opt. 2 blocks from c mer Interested call PATTI or Sheryl, pus. $180/mon. plus uldfifts. Coll 373-6219. 378-1364. 4-6-3-1 A-64-1 Two bedroom opt fr rent three mils from Close to campus 0 shopping. On hus oue. Campus. Brand nw 0are. Rent 310. Call Unn p. Large b drm. Imm d. Occpcy. 378-4206. 4-6-3Mary 392-4746 days or 376-9698 oos. 4-3-3-1 Phoenix Apt. 2 bedroom, 1 1/2both, partly furnh1d, backyard, close to campus. Im-Own room spc0us 3 bedroom house ir. mdate occupancy. $280. 378-3424 (fer 8.kng d10ance '0 campus 8180/month + 2) 4-6-3-1 /3uLihes.Cll373-6219. --6-4-1 ___ Le. nspc.olusNW house. Own room, 1 Bedroom Furnished coflag 145 per month osher & dryer )140 per mo + 1/3 7ul.1tes 362SWArchr Rd. 4-7-5-1 No pets & no smokers 376-4822. 4-7-4-1 Subl0 I t 1Fun Ap o 1THE WOODS Pool., In. STUDYING? 1Then subltomy optf a Laundry,Bus Route. Aoilble through Villog" Park From n10 fill 111 end of s70mAugust (2090mI01h. Will pay you $510 11mer.Onbdrs mtw boo op $130010mh1 sublet Coil 371-1623. 4-2-2-1 furnished plus 1/3 low uh7lles .Nonsmoker. Col Sorry ot 392-756. 4-10-7-1 MALE -smll room 0 house 715 + 1/4 71.1 No L00s0 $1 10 doposl 2718 NW 2nd A00 377-5227. of 271h St.) 4-3-3-1 R O O M M A TE IIoopt furn.shod Femole roommate wanted own room in 3 00ff from<.impus bdrm2bothop $86/mo + 1/4uhi0escll 1236 SW 4th Ae 15 375-3353 4-7-4-2 C11 3771012 4 3 3 1 --Wanted6Roommate to shore 2 bedroom SUMMIT HOUSE Apt I0BR furn nc.0 Mod H0w. Village Apt. 157/o. Coll --'er t,'laundry 'Mre 3734287 432-2 po ., or36-9668 days 375-4214 n,,, 4-7 5-1 Nonsmikrig, sIud.us & conderat.fe. rmmate toshore2BRopt. 4bs fromTige. Sublet own bedroom n town h77s0 2 blocks Own i0 $104/to. or share $78 mo. + 1/3 1. U.F. SW 2nd A-on Avoloble Api .s ui & phone. oll 374-4245. 4-7-4-2 $100/mon + 1/5 utly CALL 371-2995. 4-3-3-1 1 or 2 feale non-smoking roommates far 0furn spacious 2 bdo pt95.50 toth + 1/4 SUBLE NOW .1 HAWAIAN VILLAGE 2 br uf ocup -ASAP close 10 cmpus call Apt 315.00 a month call John1a71372-1191 375-3169. 4-8-5-2 4-7S-1 HOUSING 000871E5? 1 b k1 11701 cm1ps Fotool6 1o share bdtm in BrciOndyin Aps. Only $350/quoI1 for room .3 mls/day. $02.580/mo + 1/4 u1 + dop. pool lundry &recreation room COed,co-pvg-FOr sauna no pets call 376-8781 keep trying. m mr1 .o call M arg1r0 1 3 2-7517 4-7-4-2 anytm0 4-7-5-1 ROOMMAS 2 b-2 ba brand new 0ry condo apNeed2f sto. shol new 3 bd22 thh ph.OneswheIr dryer ho.ku 350 per o ome. $125 mo / 1/3,,wosher dryer, on dopstls~ 375-2980 373-0451 4-6-3-1 bu r"is377-7832 Sandy 4-8-5-2 New 2 R 1 12 both 1uf house -e Fem Rmt needed forI cequadplex in SW 1gh1bos & landlord $300mn,IVs last & ooded area own rm, c pio ot ok $125 doI, 6 or 12 mon lease No kidsodogs. + 1/2uhl. 372-9632 may move in 110d, 378-1390 4-3-2-1 keep trying. 4-6-3-2 Ml to Jocksonv lle must sulet 3 bdrm oomme neded for 3 bdirm Oak Forest opt in R600707 Oaks Immed.teIly 0GreatI o owshe, dryer, funded, start May thr11 Ion, 0ery convened Call 371-1006. Aug. Call Ross 377-8290. 4-8-5-2 4-8-5-1 Mob 1(nnmok.lng) 160sb814 bdrm Vlloge St"l Iooking ow Suhble on0 bd6r. 91Apts 1urnshd1 whs0 mm ily. townhouse opt In SW area for Summe. 92.50/mo 1/4 1,hIie .373-1002. 4-8-5-2 Furnishedlose, o 1mpu pool laundry 0 87017710 Call 377-8684. 4-6-3-1 Pmol roommate 70d: I 01share0 4bedroom 001h1s located6os to0camSublell BOUNF Apt pus. Own room $92.50/mo + 1/4fil The Vlogo #32-10 374-237sDen1se. 4-6-3-2 373 0399. 4-6-3-1 -Goy or 1erol mnd6d roommate wanted. Sublease 3 bed-2 both house 4 block 8 from Own bedroom and bth In nce 2 br 0rpt UP$400mo Come see at 1914 NW4h Ae. dloeo h.campus. $1208M8 + 1/3 71/h110s .r303 NW 17h St0A0iable NOW. 4-7-4-1 371-0505. 4-8-5-2 STUDENTSM.M HAIRCUTS (Wednesday ONLY) t Westgate Shoping 339W. Unity Ave.9 Cetr 3734S University of Florida Student Health Insurance Plan Semi-Annual premium renewal extended to 4/30/81 Payment must be received by 4/30/81. Master bedroom in luxurius OOk Forest. $135 + 1/3 utility 378-4617 immoed. occuponcytsher/dryer inopt. 4-3-3-2 ShOare 2 bedroom op.'haovs own room 2 blocks off campus $100 per mo. Low utility bills. Call Jeff 376-2814. 4-7-5-2 roommate wanted own room pool tennis courts97aMo. Ph375-2327. 4-7-5-2 Rmte needed own room 140/mo + security + 1/4 utl. Sporrow condo room not furnished. pool, rb& tennis, gym move in now Mary Ann or Andy 373-646. 4-3-3-2 Nonsmoking female master br w/ own both in 3 br opt Regency Oaks br furn. oval. call anytime378-5964. 4-6-4-2 Roommate wo noted for 2br. t bth. Vll. pork apt. Good location and great neighbors. Call Judy 374-8204 Keep trying. 4-2-2-2 HARD workingsng. stud. needs rm. mote2 bdrm duplx 3 min to campus $100/mth unfur. call between 6-7 377-5099 enjoys weekends. 4-8-5-2 ROOMMATE wanted to share a 2 bedroom/both furnished trailer. $100 a month + 1/2 utilities call Mike 373-6239. 4-3-2-2 male roommate wanted. Own room in a 2 br. apt. ForoSpring and Summer. The br. is not furn. 132.5 + 1/2 utly. call 373-7626 after I pm March rent negotioble. close to campus. 4-8-5-2 Female to share nice 3 br 2 both NE house own room phone 135 mo & 1/3 utilities Fenced yord call Jamie after 5 pm 378-7521. 4-167-2 MOVE IN NOW -female own room in 3 bdrm/2 both Vizcaya opt $115/mth 1/3 utils, sec. dep. Call 371-0349, if no answer 374-4068 fast. 4-13-10-2 APRIL PD. Sublet in 3 br Gotortown apt 10 min from UF on busroute Nonsmoker/mole 115/m+ 1/3 utl. Tom377-8471 keeptrying. 4-22-15-2 sublet 2 br furn apt across from o'connell on Univ Ave. $275/mo call 378-3642 or 376-4458 (work) ask for robby Hurry! 4-3-3-1 I bedroom apt.low cost, quiet, carpeted, pool, close to campus, on bus route. Coll between 9-6, Mon. -Sat. 375-3077. 4-7-5-1 Sublet 1 brI bh Cedar Ridge Apt. )st mo. rent FREE 220 mo rates negotiable 372-5287. 4-7-5-1 Nw 2 b quad Sugorfoo Oaks, carpeted, dropes, fully equipped, washeo/doyer hook-up$265. 377-3022 375-3600. 4-7-5-1 New 2 br I b quads sw near shonds available Apr I quiet wooded area .$290 LMR + sec $125 no pets 376-3336 372-6422. 4-30-22-1 SUBLETOWN ROOM in quiet NW 3 bedroom house 10 min to cmpus 120/mo w/Foll op-. tion col 375-6423. 4-8-5-2 responsible male roommate wanted own room, both in furnished opt. for spring and/or summer $150 + 1/2 until, HBO, cable Dave373-4947. 4-8-5-2 Female, 4EGstudent sks mature, responsible moloor female roommate. Own room, 2 bdrm opt $125/mo 1/2 util. 373-2043 oft 5. 4-5-2 Female roommate for townhouse in quiet area own room furnished, pool, tennis, etc. Reot $125 + 1/3 uilities call 378-4206 anytime. 4-6-3-2 Own room, 110 + 1/2 until, some free. bike to UF, pool, close to Butler Plaza, call Dave 371-2719 non smoker. 4-8-5-2 Regency Oaks 2 br pt $325/mo. Loose thru Aug. private both. Pool tennis weights lundry rm. 34th and Archer Seth 371-1441, 4-3-3-1 Sublet nice 2 bdrm apt in Maracaibo Manor <Butl-erza Are>Rent $285/mooo/s-urst ty deposit frool Occupy immediately 392-M28t. 4-7-5-1 4 UNRELATED PERSONS OKI 4 bd 2 bh house centoir/heoat $460 819 nw 18 ov Drive by then coill375-6173. 4-7-5-1 HelpI Female roommate needed Sprin quarter onlyt April rent free -reduced rent $97.50/mo + 1/2 utilities. French QCuorte' Apts. Please coll373-0015. 4-6-3-2 Roommate wanted: To shore 3 bedroom house 2 blocks from low school. Summer quarter $350. 310 N.W. 25th St. Coll 375-1099. A-8-5-2 Woodgote Manor -Roommate needed for spring quarter. Tennis, rocquetball, bosketball, suna, large pool. Quiet, liberal roommates, own room. Bogoino 0 $85/mo. 376-4983. 4-7-4-2 Roommate wanted: To share 3 bedroom house 2 blocks from low school. Summer quarter $350. 310 N.W. 25th St. Coll 375-1089. 4-8-5-2 Woodgte Manor -Roommate needed for spring quarter. Tennis, racquetball, basketball, sauna, largepool. Quiet, bberal roommotes, own room. Bargain at $85/mo. 376-4983. 4-7-4-2 Own room in 3 BR, 2 1/2 both town house. Furnished or unfurnished. $110/month + 1/3 utilities. 376-9895 after 6:30. 4-7-4-2 GRAD0student needs roomie now, owns 3 br house in NE, spacious yard, $125/mo, halfl utilities no smoke, call after 6, 377-2411. 4-8-5-2 wanted malf roommate for 2 bdrm, 2 both' apt for spring qtr-summer qtr. pool, sauna, rkt + tennis crs. laundry. own bdrm or shore371-0789. 4-3-5-2 fem. roommate wanted to shore 2 bd/furn apt except for bedroom in Iyons opts opril rent freel $147.50/month 11/2 utl. <oll patrice376-6764A.S.A.P 4-10-10-2 Female to sohoro 10rg. 1ouse near UF-no p no single rm -$120/mo. includes utilites. Student 375-1349. 4-3-5-2 ROOMMATE wanted to shore master bedroom at windmecidows furnished opt. need own bed. $125mon. plus /3 until. phone371-265. 4-3-5-2 roommate wanted own bedroom in furnished apt. southwest 20th Move in now rent price negotiOble call mike 375-1038. 4-3-5-2 Stoneridge: Luxurious opts. suna, pool, exercise room: master bdrm for rent with1own both in three bdrm townhouse fully furnished king size bed, female preferable. Call michelle 376-5551 4-3-5-2 FEMALE (non-smoking) wanted to share fully furnished apt $100 + 1/2 util per month. 3 blocks from UF compus call Janet 373-3869. 4-3-5-2 I Female to share furn. 2 bdrm 11bth opt. Wooded setting, laundry, pool, pets ok. $134.50/mo. Coll Lisa 374-8586 or 373-9389. 4-3-5-2 New luxury house, N.W pvt bdr mature student/prof, no cigs pref; to shore w/low student; w/d, fireplace, bbq, etc. $165 + 1/3 pl. 373-1808. 4-3-5-2 Great location for spring + summer-optio n for fall. 2 br furn. $135 + 1/2 utilities. Frederick Gardens 371-1533eves. 4-3-5-2 Shore mod. home with mature quiet nonsmoking mole. Furnished mclu. Laundry. $145 mo. 1/2 util. Lost, security 372-1115 leave message. 4-10-10-2 own bedroom in now nw house. washer, dryer hbo, no leaos.$150 mo + 1/3 utilities. Day 373-4465, 375-8381, night 373-0542.4-3-5-2 LAKE HOME female only own bed and both I commute to G'ville daily $150/month in-. cludes utilities Hawthorne 481-3660. 4-3-5-2 Village Apts needs female to sublet ow room in 4 bedrm twnhse spr/summer qtrs. $92.50/mo + 1/4 util. Great faciltesl 375-1&53. 4-2-4-2 I or 2 moles to shore bdr in 2 bdr, 1 1/2 bothlandmarkokpt. $78.50$128.50 ngo. newr oompus. call 377-6520 or 373-3152. 4-3-5-2 Roommate mole female own bedroom on bUSorOute pool tennis 5 min. from cOmpus $195 month furnished apt. 372-9798. LOO AMEADI FALL 81 NEED 2 FEM. ROOMAOS5BY APRIL 15or Sp 1, 1981 1 y loose 3 bdm 2 bth unfurn Howon VIg opt 1/3 till rent $115 mo. Please call NOW 373-4510.1-n.4-7-5-2 Female mm (2) wanted own room 0 4 b opt. starting June 12 The Village rent $102.5plus 1/4 utis hbo t is swimming ex.378-3395. 4-33-2 Liberal M or F wn room in turn 2 br apt on SW 161h 95/mo + 1/3 util clol 377-4703 ofter4:30pt. 4-3-3-2 ACT NOWI Applications are now being occepted from male UF students I Georgi S"Igl.Csoprtive, -oomnd2Omealsopor week only $410 per quarter Coll 376-9179. ACT NOW. A-3-3-2 rmt00 wanted 1 share large 3 b1dr60m opt. I 00wdgt1 m-07. $126 + 1/3 utilities. Call 377-49&1. -3-3-2 male nonsmoker wonted far spring and summer r. Own room t How. ll. 372-541. 4-7-5-2 Fm 1m prf. o1 g, modern, N.W. home. Own rm, mmed .oo. Fully eq. kit. & furn. lounge. SorgIn at $10 mo. + 1/4 7111. Call 378-361. 4-3-3-2 Prefer female mmt. own rm in Nice home, no cgs, 10 mn from campus, front yard bus top, 115 + 1/3 ul, Doug or Jul. 377-4138. 4-7-52 Eoygoing r-1tom w66ed for two bdr. opt. Completely furnished. Close to campus in SW rea $140/month, 1/2 U1l. 372-7968 after 5. 4-7-5-2 M/F 1 0t10 neededfr 1 Ig NW 6o7s. Must be 1b1:-a and studious. Pt ok, convenient are. 372-7968 or 374-4338. 4-7-5-2 Need roomma e immediately mle or female Windmodows opts. $140/mo. Beauif7l ftcilitis 0nice0 ro1om0 s 34hArcher371-1441. 4-3-3-2 BEST DEAL Rttote.oneeded for Spring Qr1. tOsh,,or new 1b/2 blh home$100/o (rag $135 mo; will lake-loss) + 1/3 71i1. Coll 371-2370 4-7-5-2 1 or 2 females for master bedroom & both n furnishedGo oowood opt. Swimming pool, ftennicourt, collueo375-0537. 4-3-3-2 Roommate wanted to share nice sx,2pos2 bedroom 2 both pt for spvgodd summer. All you need is bbdoot furniture! female preferable 157.50/mo + 1/2 uthies. Call 0.7--375-8663 Available Immediately female roomae to share bf in 2 b furnished opt 70/mor, wn-r-mrn120/mo (+ 7)0rest of March is free 3 blockso 1UF. 373-1778, Own room in de1ghtfl 3 BR. home. Spacious, big desk, own enr1ce. $115/month + 1/3 utilities. Move in now. CoIl Alo x377-610.4-3-3-2 Female roommate wonted to shore master bedroom & both -85.00 + 1/3 ul. -Own 100ooo.m vlob My 1-130.00 -poolsdo, 0,-0nd. 378-7759. 4-7-5-2 Roommate wanted, own room in 3 bdm Mroibo apt, 117/oo. + 1/3 70,11 376-6586. 4-2-2-2 Wanted I female Roototootshare I furnished bedrm & living room. StartApil$92.50/mo. + 1/2 utilities + 1/2 phone + $50 deposit. Ph: 378-8957. Nompus. 4-3-3-2 SHARE house with oe person. Nice. re& house 137.50 + utilities 611 NW 34th St. 372-8625. 4-7-5-2 Own turnr01 in 3 bdrrn house 4 m from campus. 100 + 1/2 1f. Coll Gry of 376-9941. 4-6-4-2 Female,o nsmokig, own room in furnshad opt. FPr sping qtr. 1/3 utilities move in immediotly. Hoofison Villogo call aftr 5 378-9025. 4-7-5-2 Need uo romantos in beautiful house Ahd' close to copoos Right price and loo.s does not hto be signed. Call 371-805. Mle or fooslto shoe .o 2 bedroom ap. $125.00 month + 1/2 utiliftos. Call Mo 374-8734 ofter 5 p.m. King's Crook ApIs. 39th Ao. 4-.3--2 Reech aNEW High SOAR I WITH V A KITE Frowonlleeseop Spec gol0ofo # -Q.r,,d he World Blloone y a ,l 7 -4 CONDUCT BOARD COORDINATOR (A half-time Assistantship offered through the division of Housing and Office for Student Services). Minimum second year master's or specialist candidate (Ph.D. candidate preferred). Experience may be substituted. Previous Residence Hall experience desirable. Responsible for the training, supervision, and coordination of five student conduct boards. (See detailed position description for complete information.) Does not require residence on campus, but facilities con be arranged ($80.00-$100,00 per month). Ten or 12 month Contract ($2 preferred) -$4,500$5,400.00. Contact Housing Office (Marie Clement) or Office for Student Sevices (Dean Roto) far application and position description. APPLICATION DEADLINE: FRIDAY, APRIL 10, 1981 

PAGE 25

allinntor thursdoo' lo -tl21991.S2 ROOMMATE Studious and Frendly8,,,. for a coy furnished apl five min to ompo. Hse pool & lioudry. 85g1BO My/Jos. 397.50 + 1/4 uil. 377-084. 44-.-2 COUPLE or single person to share paaoul, modern hoss In N.W. 15 mins bo ride to UF. Dish K oloahes wshs, pot. 373-227. 4-6-5-2 tottote mod to shareoo3-bdia" with ol. K female. ot cory tosot $127/o. pool, smells, racquetball. E call 372-4310. 4434-2 Mal non-smoker o share br in 2 br apt. furn.; a/c on bus tout. -$70/Mo. plus one ourh util. Now. French oir Apet. sw 16 Avs. P100. 42-2-2 Stonerldge -MooMatr for a furnishd two bodroomapt. Call Kevin 371-1239 for mooooInflsoroooo -4-45-2 Mowr ine -own both in luxurious Stottridge townhouse /lly furnished King So.-bed -t oesed s.prolo. ngoobWe floe poo. pos -saua -o noo o / Mhlto37-550. 4-6.3-2 OWN ROOM0 SW turn 3 bdbot pt nonoktr 116.66 + 1/3 utilities ca 376-6M8644-3-2 SPAROWMCOMMAINIUM $110/orno plus ott for own room. Pc0l0ieinclude o pool, tsooma wlrtlol 00cCll27-2549 70431 (beforeTO p). 4452 Th price g Male.oO7M3. + ..1/soc shm bdmwsMrvise ng eord Gis -niceTpo Colt a owt n 3730 4-13102 Nea nounolgtro otftoroo ot. fdod. f6 to 1 to 10in 2 bdI 1 bi osNonons Holl 112.90/mo 1/2 oti & deposits Call 373.0230. 4-7-5-2 O block rot lot .hool. Male RM wtot.d. $131 per mo. + 1/3 util. Pees ooll 276-3762 or 373-5300. Avil. now. 47-5-2 EMAL ROOMMATE Needed Itoedately. Country Moor Apt. Own rootm -walk in closet -1/3 utilities -Furnised. 373-0739. 4-7-2 FOR SALE VIDEO CLUB FORMING oal topo exchange BETA L500 1199 VHA T12 1499 profession typoVT comeareasonable. 272-7466. Gt rid of the sondb"ofl'"Iorrtoting AM radio with 0 visit to Cor Steo. Specialists at 2201 N.W. 13h St. Open 10-7 M-F, IUSat. 372-2070 6-5-494 Raleigh gitlo3sped $70; 21.0 p.& $0, $0. All jot tnd, rew pott. Ned witio. 1024 NE 3rd0 ov after 6 or -mkhnd. Portable drtting table with parallel bar Carrying cs included. $40 372-0633. 46-5-4 CHEAP and in tGEAT condition twihn bed otd desk. price negotiable. Call 375-1462. King stzo wterbod $14, fil ibed w/ hoodboard $70, twinoaiz castro onvertable $70, dtssW, $45 call 378-0190 anytime. 10 spped for sale, Good condition. Call 375-6423. AkforJ.P. $4firm. 4-3-3-4 SANSUI QRX-7001 t/m/fo 4 channel too-top. 27 wo.95potrho-1. $29. Cl 37-819oevnings. 4-7-5-4 Mottress & box Spring $40, Two huge dr.stdrawers $60. 378-4617. MUST SELL 4-3-34 BICYCLE tooll frome Ideal otoo bike. Excellent point job and components. Price is ttghtmust.il. CALL 37$-1886, PM. 4-6-3-4 COMPUTER PRINTERS TR5, Desk., Sebc-ic, Microwave, Elootoo., 10 Speed, Sat. 9-5, 911 SW 1 Ave. See Gille Sun Ad this saturday. 4-3-2-4 MUST SELL bed bio desk ste r droso' ouchho i and mor.o314NW 36 TrF Sol S-od137-43 4-3-2-4 1 ySpeedAllegro221/2 in. with compi and s--ups 360 San V71g16. 44-6-3-4 Woterl ed w/heat, pdstal, lIne, nontiewtld matss/1bo-t n speed, good conditiont-call EoootI377-090. 4-8-5-4 Mustsell2MensO 10speedbothinexcond: noopin, ,m, cables begin .look great. 100$ ond 60$ call Greg 392-050 aytme. 4-2-1-4 Motorcycle 1960 Honda twinstar 200 cc Exlocal Tanportaon4U6-70,pg$1000 col Pt-466-2333. 4-8-5-4 PA.POucW AL AW .NOMMW SWITCH TO A PARKING SOLUTION 3710209-373-076 Student Ag. Garden Plots Spring & Summer Sale TIME: Noon April 4 & 9:00 am April 5 PLACE: Garden Plots Are Between Lake Alice & Married Housing $6.00for a 20'X20' plot $12.00for a 20'X40' plot Price includes water & tools AUTOS 66 tooobog 3-59. U Ply 10 cood. 8950 2 odgeChargeForopdfct body and engne, lot. tile." nwtpolto/coodadiibanking $1110 or best offer 277-7141 after 5 pm. 4-7-5-5 75Pontc Lemoso5cyl P.S.9P.B. radioNhgh mpg Oxcoll ond. $1800 273-369. 4--X5 1970 Ford Torino I iopectio 8600 call ftr five 4,31g8Ken. 4-32-5 SERVICES TYPING -lBMMogCrdi-Sprl bindng X-o Capo n. g 1219W. Uno.,eoAtyA",,37-93 (Don Block fro. Cmpus) 6-5-49-6 CUONGNU KARATE closs enrollnow -lm sef defense conditoning mental and pyIcol dciplione and tme ca 7-4172 w visit ot bfciltiesof 609W. Uversity avenue. 4-21-17-6 ProfessionaTYPING an md ng & hov upd.tng otlhot o.0ppoI.g Gtd Sobold appoed Kalftlo.76-V611 6-549-6 KARATE EIP. oifoms sd g g qipentt in so. Any "yp eqwiponbe ordered oith minimal del. time Cll 375-144 or visit M3 W. Uni.Ave. 4-17-156 Wodo-Kal Karats Classes for adults and children. Special beoilo pogatoSe0. det ,conditioning sel-ofidnce Cal 75-8144 0 visit main school otf30 W. University Avs. Visitors Welcom. 4-17-15-6 HORSES Coome. tdwt Slopy HllHoe Farm, Isuction (hot ooat + drelooge) beautiful trals, finest bodIng facilities, Leasing + .to6375-01K. 6-5-49-6 CUONG NHU toft style morti art tm nonaggresIve self-doem toInnert sgl body + too-nditonitvidbby Masse Ngo Dog. 37472no istg909W. Uio far mooeinformatl on. 4-21-17-6 STEREOSFIXEDCEAP lfe withourun snbtadg call aofeossiooltohiooo EryosWelch 373-GOL. 4-35-6 KARATE EQUIPMENT lot r sl gi. oo Mparrng equipeom kick bo gs books call 378-4172 ovsit CogNhu Koate center W9UW. Uttlo 4-22-1-6 CHILDREN'S KARATE .go. 7-12 tmcheoo discipline concentration cooperation selfdefense .roll o Cuong Nh Karate W09 W.Univ.oro11370-4172. 4-22-1-U6 SCUBA CLASSES BEGIN April 14, or April ow May 13 o May 26. 5 wk osInto Sot. Co. CET. DIVERS regiter fr loter~o reytipotSoSalvadotr S.trtipat ALLEN'S AQUATIC & TRAIL CENT. Unit. 34h. 373-9233. 4-2-21-6 STUDENT MOVERS. Light toviht in a Ford Van. Lw R11s1373-539. 4-14-10-6 CUSTOM DRESSMAKING Professional & fast. Exper alterations, NINAs uPsirs at the renoioss-0nfiS375-6462. 4-7-5-6 ** TYPNG-. ALLSUBJECTS -RESUMES TOO II free p-u & delivery o UF compusl IBMONLY -PERFCTIONGUARANTEED 392.04(iftnosnt. 375-7137) 6-546 HAVNGALUAU? Experienced Polynesian dances 11 lo rates. Makes for o perfect party. 3734510 N-r .4-&3-6 -WANTED McDONALDS GAME; don't por6shoW ito ght Ia, sots olnrng. 373-394. $00 Itso. 43-5-7 Wntod: Quality Men to join in building Delta SigmoPhi Fraternity Tues -Fri Nite 12 Fratseity Ro Mr. info Jeff 275-2935 Steve375-1089. 4-3-4-7 CASH forgold, sterling, doonds, joory, class rings, oino, do1bl gold. Will vIft your hoto. 376-52356M. R.tsoatn. 6-5-49-7 V7-234 farTOP MrketCAS r, Sit~.onod Gold ems of a I kbig. Y We buy colo. dngs of .1l typ + 6oam. 377-2344. 6.-417-7 HELP WANTED Tid boo .aid od dIM Do sotoltim about ill Call Peace Corpo Housing Coordinator-.Fulltoietemporary position (10-12 too.) to heip doslop a Locll ood topot nhoolg torganonSo Soe Pael. .qoltd experience knowledge ofoooomsnity, organizing bookIng, real "to., lol gooett oototsoials soioilso. Good organizer, self-stot. Saly $14,00 Mo eoeto 0 NRC 2435 S.W. 21tSt. Mi.I633145. 4-3-5EARN ERA MOY 23 hootur o tin your SPARE TIME. Ea $10 twice a week. Donat Plasma. GAMISVURE PASMA CORP. (Since 1969) 516 W. UIt. Ao. 27-031.Clt ho appointment. THIS AD WO T 85 EXTRA Pot soodoos oly 6-5-494 COUNSELORSForNoth Carolina o-od su,SCap. Roostn, nla, laundry, aly sod Plamlll-otoo. KpsosotH ooo.oooy, httust enjoy ing and workIng ieh children. oly leo-ut, nosnsmoking oll"g. todoots .-apply. Pot .applcatlon/brochurt o write: Camp Pinewood, 180t Cleveland Rd., Miami ooob, Fl. 33141. 4-3-5.8 aby sitter needed Mon Owo PFri 2-5 pto HouseworkII ldod. Must h boo. Close tooropms. CO272-225. 4-3-04 OESEAS J33 -Sotsoo/yot round. Europe, S. Ar. Australia, Asia. Al1fields 8M -$100 otly. Sighteing.i reo Isfh. WritoUC Bo 52-2ContoOD.lMa, CA 9825. 4-14-10 Borgho, offilc th, friendly and choefhdaostI.t sod dIas rental .oot ory lot Aprill May. Experience helpful. Could t~o two people atytomtiUpattim or on full time oolsUn1Apb76-89U. 4-2-24 $600/WEEK. Inland explorer crews Mn/woo. -igoroo, FolVpoor-yot. Openings naUorkdd. Send $5 fr 90company directory and job guidelines Job Dob oot172Fy'oill AR 72701. 4-3-2-8 Summer jobs. National Park Co. 21-Prkto 5000 opningCotplte iolooo3. MMW6 1., 1. C-61 2d Ao. W.N. Kaipll,AM. 9901 415-104 Mature Female student to bbysit in tyn N.W. home with ti6-year-old girl and 3-yr-old girloon steady Sot. nights and oooional weekends. Own Tronsporation. 272-5552 ftw5 p.mo. 4-8-5Wanted responsible young men fosumt comp employment crtp Lony lor Boys slopItok-t M. MoototonekAl. Polli.t to swimiong itoooolg hoseb catos ilory otory bebl+scercall 37-2250ft 700hosppltoototn PERSONAL Save 10% on all Backpacks + $2 off any rocket toooinging with mentio of this ad thr the 7T. LloydClark's Roket Shop. 1508 NW 13th St. 372-7836. Next to the Juntin jeonstoor. 4-3-5-9 FREE PREGNANCY TEST -FREE COUNSELING ALSO AVAILABLE -toll BIRTHRIGHT 377-4947. 6-5-W-9 $$ for rswords. We buy, sell + trade reords, at TOMS USED GROOVES 1642 W. Univ. Ao. (abov. Super Skats) 376-1472. 6-549-9 KARATE Wtdo-Kl style. UP ittrotrals. No chorale for tirotion. Spsal beginnrot pogom. Call 3704144 Ask for CotY. 4-1715S-U Reg. $21.95 Aluminium Racketball Racket $14.95 Sol plus 10% off l aRokbA.ll, with mention of this ad. Lloyd Clkh Roket Shop. 15M NW 13th St. 372-7836. 4-3--9 Actie wo : t AWIlOic,o oiobldoSWM, 20, would like to st mature, ope-tinded woman24-32 to enjoy sports, ovio, od dotolng: Rob 1105 N. Moin St. Soo 16 C Goinessillo32601. 4-2-4-9 NATURAL FABRICS + FOUCWEAR PATTERNS upstairs at the renaissance fair. o creative and 1ovl 275-6462. 4-7-5-9 SPRING GETAWAY A quiet spring vacation in the Smokies with no Interruptions except thaoseyou wonit Uswind by the fld. in yr own coage. SM nOtely/B1l0l kly for 2 people. MounMin Brook, U.S. 441 South, Sylva, N.C 704-564329. 4-22-22-9 FOMERY STUTTERED FOR RESARCH P R 0 J E C T HARMLESS SPEAING TASK:10It&R CoalKC 376-4544 or wite/o Speed K Heariog Clinic442 ASSUF. 41041-9 Share winning -need McDonod's gme cord #514,536,5g509,541. Cal Undo 3764576. 4 '6-3 PASSPOPRT job application resume photo *, READY IN60Second& * Mod I mage Photography 505 S. Main St. 375-1911 6-5-46-9 COMIC BOOKS Marvels + DC's of last years prices. Other comic item too. Call Ron: 371-0297. 4-15-10-9 If you ore a student and you wont to work to oakoUF beier then sktwith.eSUN party from IIto 5 at Union roo337.4-2-9 The THRILL OF FLIGHT EXPERIENCE IT LEARN TO FLY FROM FEDERALLY CERTIFIED FLIGHT INSTRUCTORS BEST RATES ANYWHERE/PHONE 375-3100 EVES.4,5-9 Babysiter. Interested in working evenings, weekends. responsible -health center student in post-bocc 'program after 6. Study problems? Hard to talk to others? Our study course or communication course will help you-Scientology 374-8705, 4 S. Main St. 4-2-1-9 HEAD TO FOR THE SUN sate for the SUN party from I1 to 5 starting Wednesday April 1. If you core about the -quality of education that you ore receiving, we wantyou. 4-2-2-9 Planning publication of pictorial magazine of collegiate models in Ploygirl type pO.s. Would you model for such publication? Should we do it? Write us your views? Morklond Photo, box 6066, Tollahassee, Flo. 32301. 4-3-2-9 SUN party is sating qualified individuals for Snaaoo od ASACifi teretd tropby Unintoom 3V frW omtI1I to 0 startling PASSER MASAA ABC TV spci al su"oprl 5 Wr rt hve for seder teals, gift items. Hillel 16 wedodpril89-11 pm in the Hillllounge free NW 8t call 372-2900. 4-3-5-9 refreshments coil 372-2900. 4-3-5-9 You have to check out AtO record exchange Hos Lovers belong of Mellon Stabls buy sell or trode nw used record albums. loseI0 ocampo with A. best prices, hlgh--t rd., bst ptco 43S. Mai lon-pt t-ils, i--"-se and now ful 3744494. 4-15-12-9 owe svc. Call Sally or Dave s-6l. "TIE PCUT1CSOFWOMENS SPIRITUALTY, A lecture by Z. odapest Fri. April 301 of8 p.m. in Room 8-74 of the Union. $5 BROADCAST negotioblo. 4-2-2-9 10% Disc to UF/SFCC students with ID on A JO RS supp.-weavin booketry, a". 14 NW8thSt. An oppotunitysoddsoyo vepotisoc 37869 -Creative ExprssIons. 4-14-10-9 A oolpoftUFnWeytosdd tosyopeting opploSHORTWAVE RADIO onveor for your car Hm Ho. h two poeloons: Newscster and radio -How wodded btodo.twhieho Nm Edtor. will involve working on a you drive. Powerful, sensitive, installs in sons soso 0r onlo.l t Cot minoeL Does not in wewith uW yotr P ou, but will be growt experience. You regular AM or FM reception. Free doails. should have sooo tvowrosh work and lob McCulloch Electronics, Box 722, Starkville, experience to ho condered. Pease apply MS 39759."4-9 ,/by ubmilng a resume so T.V. PO Box 14257 Goinsviby, if 33804. News Editor, The Gainesville Little Theatre aod CmbkvESk Eriuabwwomt Netw k Ltd parent Noel Coward's fALLEN AKM TONIGHT stu&/sr. CIIDisc. THRU sAT. 31i-a CURTAIN AT8 ticieino. g iulo, fl vi y, U.lA, 10 & LOST &FOUND POUND 3/to. old foole terriermo Ton wtth 4 whiltepaws AWhite fur on nose & tip of tail. Found near Great Southoern. 4-7-5-11 Fole Shepord Lost. block A ton. 65 lbs, no collar, answers to Showncie. Lost meen 3/4. live cll 378-0252. Reward. 4-3--11 BE A CHAMP DRINK SUCCESS INSTEAD OF ALCOHOL THE FLORIDA MEDICAL ASSOCIATION, Inc. Hcky $ocks Speed. Suito 15% OFF Bob's Sporting Good3100S.W. 34 St. Behind Pablo's Tunnel: 37-UPORT MentionAd 4-1 8-81 MAKE THE SWITCH STUDWSNT WITH RRPURNT TIR$OR CH ANII ANDHOUR8RSY 3 8 372"676 4-3-5-9 Scientist, Tall, Handsome, well paid, promiinnt, sincere, age 29, seeking beautiful, briglt wo.oe, ge18-24. who apprecial "A. hoot toogoonatre. beach, music, ard, scio, elegant clothing, select cuisine, spot cars. tc. Pletate send leter s d hoto, wilrply ywi tsme. RA, 2206 S.W. 13h St. 01001, Gville, 3208. 4-3-5-9 unooonted hair roved forever 30 years .xp. Edmund Dwyer R.E. facial hair removal EhodoForinaR.E. body hair Bikini-Line hair gone forever. We're tof400Newb yRd. Suite 1350 Goinesville ph. 372-1M. 6--49-U McDONAUYSGAIE; Don'tt ash your cas h wtill lpod. pecesgiovoawoy exors, share S won. 373-343,11-11a. .anyday. 4-3-5-9 U of F Shotokon KoE. club classes MonWod-Uri. 6-7-00Beg. do.n MW-P 5-".00 pa.0. MoeoiginNorman Gyms. 4-3-9 POETS:-Ware eIodng ork lor 961 Anithology. Sobmot to: Contemtporaty Poety Press P.O. Box 88 L tnsing, N.Y. 1482. 4-3-5-9 CARPET -roomtsizet pte The place t town to buy carpet rmnont at the best pricein Sringe"llow supply lo15 S. Main 376-7511. 6-5-49-9 With the UF Falling Gtors Parachute Club. No e9periencnecessary, for into coil nesvle'es Best THE VILLAGE "Close Io campus but in a country setting" The best recretion-pool, lighted rocquotball-tennis courts, basketball court, volleyball *The best maintenance *The best maoogerent The best parties (2 this summer) Gainesvile's most popularopt complex has a few t Br opts. for summer fall Unfurn $205-Furn. $215. Water, pest conrol. se'.r9g'bage ncl. Please hurry, ekCelle"' fac'ites and low rent moon theseopts. ointtot be available long.A '". do 'twill hold your opt. 375-3072 Sorry, no current vacancy ies. plo-ooooIoMWUngotnplm, Newscoser, plo cood.photo. 4-10-10-9 DELTA CHI 6PFhoon iy Row Invitosyou so SPRINGRUSH'1$ Mm 30April4 F 

PAGE 26

26, alligator, thursday, opril 2, 1981 4s (D~~aig is Wa a vW 14 e .Pa .s tee aii. ~Je ~eek*AtouA p. on aIgsta m a We kcow, u spe weon radna 9pg atasse endimeye isem 0 o a Od16eUAo SA a M a ". 0 

PAGE 27

aligaor, thursday, april 2, 1%1, 27 SS & Large Chef Salads Regular Subs Giant Footlong Subs Sandwiches Pizza Giant 6 oz. Steak Burgers Also Quiche, F.F. Mushrooms, Homemade Soup and a host of other goodies. Enjoy a fully stocked bar, plus delivery & takeout service on beer & wine. Call 375-~9W or 377-1i0 Open 10 AM-2AM Mon.-Set.I 11AM-2 AM Sunday FREE DELIVERY (within specified areas) Gator golfers 12th in Houston Invitational New-Yamaga SK 20 Symphonic Ensemble-Organ, Strings and Polyphonic-Synthisizer on Display at Sabine Music Center CLEARANCE SALE IN PROGRESS 505 N.W. 13th St. on the.7100 yard, par 72 course Lown scorer for UFwas John Gisens with a 73. The other Gator scores were: Ton DeLuca -74. Stese Waggoner -77. Chip Hall and Pat Venker -SO Streaking UF rugby team hosts Brown The UF rugbs team continues its -champiauship season when it hoAts Brown University toniught at 7 on -Norman Fiel. The ruggers captured the state dmsnin titie last fal ad followed with a frst place finish in the 13th Annual Florida Ins itational Rugby Tournament 10 days ago. To procure that tide. T scored dectnre sictorwe-s against Caltfornia State. 34-3. and tDartmnoAith. I5-4. bef ore dowY-%n inig t he Florida OteBo 11-3 in the championship game. After Brow4n. the ruggers head south to participate in the Ft Lauderdale Ins itational this weekendBoyd named Miss. State hoop coach STARKVILLE., Mw47 IUFI -Missip Stat afficiah Wemh=ay inwedthe hirmug of fixrer Sutten Caliormia coach aBob Bydtorewi Otsbadlal program BDyrd, SO. 1d a thaue-ear contract wih stae for -um 2-Fae an mou He replaces Ji Hatfiekl, who resig ed March 10. "af"w"l wh'"'e "'M "" State to it first-eer appearance m the National In-.itabonal Tournament. coipuled a 40-42 record in three seasons at State. Bovd. formerly head coach at Seattle University. compiled a 216-131 record at Southern Calaornia from 1966 to 1970. Since resugung as USC's basketball coach, he has served as Southern Cal's assistant athletic direct and f "cial co tant. Guest speaker at FTC meeting tonight pubbsher of Raring South nugze Caklwei wil speak on trading for the d tance rungwr. The mwetis open to the publicSWITCH 371-0209 373-8076 Red Cross: Ready for a new century. *TONIGHT! 8 P.M. Experience The Magical Music Of CHUCK MANGIONE Chuck Manglone Quartet GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE Tickets $7.5S49.W0 em maE teduy m d tonight at the NbV/ .w.nce~siV Presn &IbySGPwnoi( cocmfand WGVL Gotors RESTAURANT & LOUNGE 1718 W. University Avenue Upstairs next to Hardoe Plaza Acro front Murphree Dorms Free Perking In Rear The LF golf team ended the first da, of coWpetition in 12thplace in the 30team AllAmerican Invitatonal in Houston. The Gators 301 total leases them 21 strokes behind leader Houston. None of the Gators were able to make par troopigp twony-eighi COMe to rapeC -trW ga Idke thus When weplay thmewguys? Lembar 1zi heked UT t off to a 2-0 lead aO the third with a run-csxu trile Po Cardem had an 1N1 sige mthe Th 'a-sors lead, however. was shortliced The' ItoArs tOuk ada 4tage d the long baH m the fourth ingto take a 4-2 lead. Aark Lac", who enad the gamne with a 519 batting aerag ledoff the mug with a solo home -n and Mark farmmau capped the uvunmg with a thuee-nm boI er. JoeLratas two ru double um the f fth mnThe Florida Track Chub wil bold its =ost1y mseting n*g at 7-30 m the Cainek*t Reeeatin koom xo d at the cnmgwof SW SecnmlAve. awd SW 34th SL CoAst speaker wA lbe Mike Cakdwell. ig pit the senales up 6-2makim thins tough for a ITrcomeback. But theGatos se.t m atters to the plate in the seventh to score fie runs on three its -all with two outs. While Lainbardozzi's grand slam was the highlight. Cardarri also provided atwo-rim dou.e FSU tiedthe gameat the bottomof the inmg, then rumed thimgsfor IF in the eighth b sendmg I I batters to the plate and doublmg the score 14-7 b pecking apart Gator relsevers -if iou dent get help iou are not gomg to win bahll games said disappomted Gator coach Ja Berwman Vie got to get some consntenci ot do them Ten runs should be enough to win games. 

PAGE 28

28, alligator, thursday, april 2, 1981 The struggle for supremacy in women's sports U y LoulsoApichell Alligator Writer Editors note: This is the first of a two-part series on women's sports. Part two will appear next Thursday. Last Monday night, before 18,000 screaming fans and a nationwide television audience, Indiana's Hoosiers captured the NCAA basketball championship. However, just one day before and 3,000 miles away, another basketball title was won with much less fanfare. The Louisiana Tech Lady Techsters won the AIAW basketball title by defeating the Tennessee Lady Volunteers. The victory completed an undefeated season for the women from Louisiana and left them as the undisputed champs of women's basketball. In that same state, women's athletic coordinators and various athletic coaches from the Southeastern Conference IM convened recently to discuss the fate of that present governing body, the Association of Intercollegiate Athletics for Women (AIAW). Collegiate athletics for women began in an embryonic stage. Relegated to second class citizenship, female athletes were considered somewhat vaudevillian. But as the overused cliche goes, "You've come a long way baby." Women's athletics have scaled the mountain of respect and have slowly reached the stage where they can be considered equitable to their male counterparts. "The NCAA doesn't realize the magnitude of what women's sports is all about," said new UF softball coach Linda Marker. "There's no way we're going to sit back and take a second seat with the NCAA. This isn't the '60s". Women's athletics have reached a period of turmoil. By 1985, a decision must be made whether they will stay within the boundaries of the AIAW or come under the auspices of the NCAA. What was once called the Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics for Women (CIAW) is now the AIAW. The CIAW originated in 1967 and became the AIAW in 1971. The AIAW grew as a substructure of the CIAW and for a long time has been affiliated with the American Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation and Dance. Today the AIAW is a legal and-separate entity. "We're the largest growing body and have more women members and sports to offer than any other organization," Marker said. As a result, more scholarships can be provided under the AIAW structure than under NCAA supervision, said Dr. Ruth Alexander, coordinator of women's athletics. "We now receive eight golf scholarships, but would get only five from the NCAA," Alexander said. "Our swimmers, including divers, receive 18 scholarships, but would get only 12 under NCAA ruling." The biggest problem confronting the AIAW is its inability to meet the needs of the growing women's sports program. "Every year, by not having the opportunity to expand and grow, we get further into a hole and once you get into that hole, you can't get out," said Sherry Buickel, women's athletic trainer. Lady Gator basketball coach Mickie DeMoss feels restricted under present AIAW rules because she's fought long and hard to establish a winning team. "Our immediate needs are not being met by the AIAW," a grim DeMoss said. Lady Gator basketball coach Mickle DeMoss AUZO UF coordinator of women's athletics Dr. Ruth Alexander Before women ever dreamed of competing in athletics, the NCAA was the father figure of collegiate sports. The 75year-old male athletic association long considered women athletes about as probable as a man on the moon. But times have changed. For the past two years the NCAA has been trying to usurp control of women's intercollegiate sports from the AIAW. After meeting resistance at first, the bandwagon effect is now swaying members toward gradual acceptance. "The NCAA is a much richer organization. People relate better to the NCAA. It's been around a lot longer," Buickel said. Besides longevity, the NCAA offers coaches other tangible advantages. The first, and most important, is money. Similar to men's athletics, recruiting is emerging as one of the top priorities in women's sports. AIAW poses a particular problem because coaches on the recruiting trail are only allowed to watch a female athlete perform. "We can't talk to them or ask them any questions," Dr. Alexander said. "The men, however, are much less conservative in their recruiting methods. Conversations and paid visits are a natural part of the men's program." Consequently the present system has forced coaches into a numbers game. Coaches are compelled to compete with each other by visiting the prospects as much as possible in order to leave a good impression. "Who can impress themale athlete by showing up the most times is crucial -ader the AIAW system. I've already seen a Georgia girl right times. Hopefully, I've seen her more than FSU has," Deloss said. In addition, no! being able to provide an athlete with a paid visit leaves the coaches' hands tied. "If a college is going to invest $20,000 into an athlete for four years, then we better get our money's worth," DeMoss said. "It's not fair for the coach to have athletes come to campus, watch our games and then have to leave immediately due to money reasons. There was ar 'tstance where I got to talk to an out-of-state athlete for only an hour and a half. While the NCAA indeed offers fewer scholarships, there's another side of the coin. The NCAA has the option of dividing scholarships. "You'll be able to at least split the scholarships under NCAA, 11 scholarships into 22 one-half or 33 one-third scholarships," said UF swimming coach Randy Reese. "You can offer more students financial aid under the NCAA plan although the scholarships won't be as much. I'll lose four scholarships if we go NCAA, but it's worth it." Lastly, contrary to AIAW sanctions, the NCAA provides the money for playoffs and championships. DeMoss said the first round playoff winners receive anywhere from $5,000 to $6,000. While the consensus favors the switch to NCAA rule, there is still some apprehension surrounding this controversial issue. "The AIAW has worked hard to gain control and power in promoting women's athletics," Marker said. "If the AIAW surrenders to the NCAA, control may be short-lived. The NCAA will have more control and eventually evaporate the AIAW. UF Athletic Director Bill Carr perceives this issue in a different perspective. "I see the pluses and minuses of both groups and perhaps the NCAA is moving too quickly. However, if the SEC votes for NCAA ruling, it may be for UF's benefit to go along." Seminoles down Gators with come-from-behind rally By Noel Neff -Alligator Staff Writer TALLAHASSEE -When Florida State and UF get together for a sporting event, almost anything goes. Wednesday night's baseball same at Seminole Field was a prime example. Just when some people were expecting a pitcher's duel between Seminole righthander Rick Hatcher and Gator righty Nick Krsnich, all hell broke loose, as the rivals combined to bang out 24 runs and 25 hits, including five home runs. By the time the bats had settled down, FSU came out a 14-10 winner. The Seminoles, who now have won 16 of their last 19 games, improved their record to 26-11 Meanwhile, the Gators dropped to 16-8. FSU right fielder Mike Yastrzemski made up for a crucial early game error by smacking a grand' slam to right field during a seven-run eighth inning to break up what Steve Lombardozzi proved that in the top of had become an interesting ballgame. the seventh inning when he hit a grand slam "I just tried to hit a line drive, but I ended of his own that brought the Gators back into up hitting the ball out of the park," said the ballgame for a 7-6 lead. Yastrzemski, son of Boston Red Sox great "I was expecting a -low-scoring ball Carl. "Pitchers have to be careful in this game," said Lombardozzi, who also had five place. Anyone can hit the ball over our right runs batted in. "We played areal good field fence." ballgame, but they just out hit us. We've Yaz was referring to Seminole Field's 300foot right field wall, where disappearing See 'Gtos' baseball are a common occurranze UF's poge tw nty-Seven --7w 
