
PAGE 1

JUST KIDDING 0 the independent florida Not officially associated with the University of Florida PU5ished by Campus Comrnunications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida We Inform. You Decide. ~~W2Lk&LF7 F Recycle FRniuA, APrnL 1., 2005j Donovan takes job with UF riva Kentucky Billy Donovan, knowing that he was going to Kentucky, shakes Matt Walsh's hand goodbye near the end of UF's season. The other Gators said goodbye, however some may be going with Donovan. By ANDREW ABRAMSON Alligator Staff Writer aabramson@aIIigator.org After turning the UF men's basketball program into a yearly NCAA Tournament team, Billy Donovan shocked the college basketball world early Friday morning by confirming that he will leave UF to coach rival Kentucky beginning next season. Rumors of Kentucky coach Tubby Smith heading to the NBA have been rampant for years, and with coaching. vacancies in Los Angeles, New York, Minneapolis and in other high profile cities, Smith decided it was the right time to go pro. Kentucky athletics director Mitch Barnhart called on Donovan, a former Kentucky assistant. Less than an hour later it was official. "I'll always cherish my years at the University of Florida, but this is a football school," said Donovan in an exclusive phone interview with the Alligator. "Kentucky has a chance to win national titles each and every year. It was a no-brainer." UF athletics director Jeremy Foley, attending a Steely Dan concert in Atlanta, said he was stunned at the news and left the concert after Donovan called him around 11 p.m. to tell him he was likely headed to Kentucky. "If [Donovan] wanted to leave the Gators to coach in the NBA, I'd understand," Foley said. "But to jump ship and head to a rival school is inexcusable. This is absurd and I'm shocked." Conspiracy theories It's been less than three weeks since UF stunned Kentucky for the SEC Tournament championship. After failing to defeat the Wildcats for four seasons, Donovan and the Gators scored two victories against Kentucky in eight days. SEC comrrmissioner Mike Silve was reached just after midnight. He was already looking into possible allegations of misconduct. "When was this really in the works?" Slive asked. "I knew something seemed off when the Gators managed to defeat Kentucky twice, and now I'm forced to really look into these allegations. Did Barnhart and Coach Smith allow UP to win those games in order to boost Billy Donovan's resume? Let's hope, for the sake of the SEC and college basketball, these are just silly conspiracy theories." Brewer may join Donovan Donovan wouldn't respond to SEE DONOVAN,.PAGE 24 STUDENT GOVERNMENT 'Dry' fight a mistake By MIKE GIMIGNANI Alligator Staff Writer mgimignani@alligator.org The recent student-led crusade against the possibility of a "dry campus" at UF may have been the result of a miscommunication, Student Body Presidentelect Joe Goldberg said Thursday. According to Goldberg, an e-mail document entitled "Dry Campus? Machen's Mission" was sent to several Student Government figures. However, most of the document actually was taken from a memo written in 1982 that warned of decreasing water levels in Lake Alice. An anonymous prankster allegedly doctored the memo by replacing the word "Marston" (for UF's president at the time, Robert Q. Marston) with "Machen," and "Lake Alice" with "The UF campus," Goldberg told the Alligator. "I guess I'm the goat," he said. "Looking back, it's easy to see how fake it was, but it looked convincing at the time." Goldberg said he has already apologized to UF Vice President for Student Affairs Patricia Telles-Irvin, who chided the Student Senate on Tuesday for spreading a false rumor. Staffers at UF's Department of Environmental Engineering Sciences, which. drafted the original memo, confirmed Thursday that they could not find the document, which led officials there to muse that it may have been stolen. Professor William McKeen, chair of UF's journalism department, said, UF to size out trucks, SUVs By EVA KIS Alligator Staff Writer ekis@aligator.org The ever-increasing problem of parking on campus led UF Transportation and Parking Services to announce it will begin denying decals to drivers of larger-sized vehicles. Interim Director Scott Fox said the restriction, which will come into effect this Summer, affects vehicles with wheelbases wider than 130 inches and longer than 220 inches. "Vehicles of that size often take up more than one space," Fox said. "They are also bad for the environment and take the largest toll on roads. It's a reasonable, feasible solution." Fox likened the prohibition, an idea spurred by complaints about the vehicles overtaking spaces, to new policies implemented by several major airlines. "We sell one decal per vehicle, and when that vehicle takes up more than its share of a space, our already strained resources are taxed even further," he said. The restriction applies to Student popular vehicles such as the Lifle Hummer, Chevrolet Avalanche, GMC Yukon XL, Lincoln Aviator and Ford Excursion as well as all Cadillac models built before 1974. One such driver affected is Student Body President-elect Joe Goldberg, who now has to find an off-campus solution for his ride. "I just don't know where Andre (Samuels, Impact Party adviser) will park my limousine now," Goldberg lamented. Editor's note: Due to intense public criticism, The Alligator will no longer feature the cartoons of Andy Marlette. Join us in welcoming our new cartoonist, Gabe "Gabriel" Kaimowitz, to the Alligator family. See Opinions, pg. 6. "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" FORECAST OPINIONS CLASSIFIEDS 2 6 14 CROSSWORD 17 SPORTS 24 VOLUME 98 ISSUE 1 E For more about former UF coach Billy Donovan's relocation and how it will affect current Gators, be sure to check out pg. 24 for details. Sunny 72/72 visit www.alligator.org 28 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR E FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 News Today FORECAST TODAY THUNDER STORMS 82/61 CL *0 L. 0 LC a. E .0 C) Cn START AT THE NATION'S LARGEST INDEPENDENT COLLEGE NEWSPAPER. Wherever you go after college, experience is the edge you'll need to find a job. Start your, career now by getting the experience. alligator SATRUIDAY THUNDER STORMS 70/43 LOCAL Daylight savings to begin Tom Bai may go cuckoo Monday morning, while tweaking the time on about 80 clocks before the early shoppers come. Bai, the store owner and manager for Time Connection, a clock and watch store on 403 NE 23rd Ave., has grandfather clocks, cuckoo clocks, pendulum clocks, bedside alarm clocks, carriage clocks, wall clocks and watches that will be ticking the wrong time when he arrives to work after daylight-saving time. Daylight-saving time goes into effect in most of the United States and its territories at 2 a.m. Sunday, according to California Energy Commission Web site. "Monday is going to be a very long day," said Bai, 42, whose store is closed on Sunday and will reopen Monday at 9 a.m. Bai said he will be alone in his store and predicts it will take about two hours to get all his clocks ticking the right time. "I have to remember to set my alarm clock too," he said. UF business sophomore, Michelle Iadanza said she is not looking forward to losing an hour of sleep Sunday. "I like my sleep," said ladanza, who said she sleeps about ne hours a night. SUNDAY SUNNY 70/46 MONDAY SUNNY 74/50 TUESDAY PARTLY CLOUDY 76/55 Iadanza's sleep schedule will revert to normal when the clocks turn back one hour at 2 a.m. on the last Sunday of October. -RANDI BERNFIELD Pride month kicks off A carnival on the Reitz Union North Lawn from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. will help Pride Student Union kick off its annual Pride Awareness Month today. The month's events are aimed at raising awareness and educating UF about gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender issues. Speakers, a pageant and a, day of silence to recognize and protest discrimination against the LGBT community are some of the planned events. Riki Wilchins, executive director of the advocacy organization Gender Public Advocacy Coalition, is scheduled to speak Monday about gender stereotypes. Wednesday, poet and activist Staceyann Chin will perform her work as with other poets. A "Queer Ball," a drag show and a women's music festival are planned for later in the month. -LINDSAY TAULBEE The Alligator strives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. If you find an error, please call our newsroom at (352) 3764458 or send an e-rnail to editor@alligatoorg. 1718 W. Univ. Ave on 1W 378-7033 T IIOUSE[ FR: Beat the Clock Free Food 7pm -9pm Live Music/DJ SAT: Free Beer & Karraoke the independent florida VOLUME 98 ISE18ISSN 0889-2423 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Dwayne Robinson, drobinson@alligator.org Managing Editor / Print Mike Gimignani, mgimignani@alligator.org Managing Editor/ New Media Matthew Kelly, mkelly@alligator.org Sports Editor Ian Fisher, ifisher@alligator.org Assistant Sports Editor Louis Anastasis, lanastasis@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor Andrew Abramson, aabramson@alligator.org University Editor Justin Hemlepp,jhemlepp@alligator.org Metro Editor Eva Kis, ekis@alligator.org Freelance Editor Natalie Liem, nliem@alligator.org Assignment Editor Nick Weidenmiller, nweidenmiller@alligator.org Tallahassee Bureau Chief James VanLandingham, jvanl@alligator.org Opinions Editor Matt Sanchez, msanchez@alligator.org Editorial Board Dwayne Robinson, Mike Gimignani, Matt Sanchez, Lauren Flanagan, Diana Middleton, Craig Singleton Photo Editor Casey Anderson, canderson@alligator.org Assistant Photo Editor Nick West, nwest@alligator.org Photo Staff Matt Marriott, Emily Harris, Tricis Coyne the Avenue Editor Kelly-Anne Suarez, ksuarez@alligatoorg the Avenue Assistant Editor Sarah Anderson, sanderson@alligator.org Art Director Andy Marlette Copy Desk Chiefs Robert Beltran, Matt Cmar, Sheryl Rosen, Ryan Worthington Copy Editors Chris Berger, Mary Beth Bishop, Gayle Cohen, Carly Felton, Jennifer Freihofer, Lyndsey Lewis, Krissi Palmer, Heather Romans, Stephanie Rosenblatt, Lynne Schultz, Michael Schutz, Brandy Stearns, Marianna Tuninskaya Staff Bryan App, Bridget Carey, Stephanie Garry, Gregg Girvan, Megan Seery, Brian Shaffer New Media Staff Assistant Editor Gwen Heimburg New Media Staff Dan Jimmerson DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482,800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Marybeth Miller, mmiller@alligator.org Advertising Office Assistants Joshua Appelbaum, Elizabeth Cueto Sales Representatives .Patrick Sherry, Melissa Vloedman Jim McCaddin, Joel Fernandez Kyle Moore, Lindsey Kuhn Chris Pacheco, Anne Garcia Jennifer Rudloff, Jennifer Simmons Sales Development/Intern Coordinator Neil Callanan CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015(Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks Leah Zissimopulos, Bethany O'Neill, Merab-Michal Favorite, Marianne Cooper CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckearnan@alligator.org Operations Assistant Clint Day BUSINESS 352-376-4446'(Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Pelham, rpelham@alligator.org Bookkeeper Lucy Richards, lrichards@alligator.org Bookkeeper Patricia Merrow, pmerrow@alligator.org Student Accounting Clerks Brandon Edwards, Keith Enright Michael Sanders, Alex Thurn ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager C.E. Barber, -cebarber@alligator.org Assistant General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Manager Allison Sinclair, Lorena Crowley Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, lmcgowan@aligatoorg Prod uction/System Assistant Productio Information Technolo Advertising Prod Editorial Prod PRODUCTION/SYSTEMS s Manager Vern Bean, vbean@alligator.org n Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@ailigator.org gy Manager Brian Dwyer, bdwyer@alligator.org action Staff Elizabeth Houston, Shana Langfur, Jovan Ribadeo, Nick Johnson, Kate Barnes, Michelle Stewart, Maggie Peuler action Staff Jennifer LaBrie, Natasha Weinstein, Kate Mullan, Amy Oglesby, Melissa Garcia ihe Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprot 501 1c1131 educational organization, Campus Communications Inc., P.O. Bo 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 3-2604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W. University Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for holidays. Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. @ Copyright 2005. All rights reserved. No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc. Coptic Orthodox Christian Student Association & Orthodox Christian Fellowship at the University of Florida Present: o* MaEVi I Friday, April 1, 2005 Reitz Union-Room 286 at 7pm http://grove.ufl.edu/-cocsa Light refreshments will be provided F 

PAGE 3

VOLUME 98 ISSUE 128 STNT LIF udd By BRIDGET CAREY Alligator Staff Writer bcarey@sg.ufl.edu Student Body President-elect Joe Goldberg commended his former opponent Dennis Ngin for coming up with a blockbuster plan to engender diversity at UP. Goldberg said he plans to valiantly conquer the question of multiculturalism posed by his critics once he takes the reins next month, involving the deployment of a "minority buddy program" in his continuing effort to improve diversity education. Goldberg said he has the full backing of UF President Bernie Machen in supporting legislation encouraging white students to traverse campus in the company of at least one minority, to be managed through the Multicultural Affairs Cabinet. Machen could not be reached for comment Thursday. Enforcing the new rules will be the Student Goverrnent-funded Student Nighttime Auxiliary Patrol, also known as SNAP, which will soon will replace its fleet of run-down vans with efficient go-karts. The SNAP program, which is run by University Police, usually gives students the opportunity to request a ride on campus between 6:30 p.m. and 2 a.m. any day of the week. The multicultural move was a the florida RecyCle _11antor For a Better Florida Pubished by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesvlle, Florida "All the news that's print to fit" FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 up' campaign issue for Ngin during this year's presidential elections and, although he didn't win, Ngin said he was glad to be able to finalize an eternal legacy. "With these new plans we can help keep more students safe and have fun at the same time," he said. By selling the three 15-passenger SNAP vans, SG is now able to fund 55 two-seat SNAP go-karts for the same price, making the buddy system that much more efficient. "It's more than a sea of smiling faces I want to see out there, it's a'sea of smiling colors, too." Joe Goldberg Student Body president-elect The best part of all, Ngin added, is that the new program is flawless. "We will have more than 50 karts chauffeuring students of different ethnicities throughout campus. I don't know why we didn't think of this sooner," he said. Goldberg said Ngin's idea was to be both a hallmark and an inspiration during his upcoming term. "I really feel that this will make us a Top 10 university," Goldberg said. "It's more than a sea of smiling faces I want to see out there, it's a sea of smiling colors, too." C %mssion: no party wrongdoing in SG elections E PRESIDENT-ELECT GOLDBERG APPOINTED AND LED THE GROUP. By NICK WEIDENMILLER Alligator Staff Writer nweidenmiller@sg.ufl.edu A blue-ribbon commission has found no evidence of wrongdoing in the recent Student Government elections, high-ranking SG officials told the Alligator on Thursday. Appointed and led by Student Body President-elect Joe Goldberg, the group met in a secret, closed session for several hours this weekend before concluding that allegations made by members of several parties involved in the elections were without basis. "We looked at the facts, and there's nothing there. How anyone could insinuate this nonsense is totally beyond me," Goldberg said. Goldberg added that he didn't see an issue with serving on the same committee that mostly probed complaints against his party. "Presidents don't have time to have conflicts of interest," he said. Other SG officials agree, maintaining the false light shed on Goldberg and The Gator Party was by far the most pressing issue. "[The investigation] was a witch hunt. We are so not like that at all," Student Body Treasurer-elect Lindsay Cosimi said in a Thursday interview. "It's a credit to men like Joe [Goldberg] that they can put up with these accusations Student and still have a smile on Govern ent their face." The commission decided to publicly chastise former Impact Party adviser Lowell Wong, whose complaint with University Police led to a widespread investigation of all the 11 parties registered this Spring. Wong could.not be reached for comment Thursday. Also, the nine-member board narrowly defeated a measure to recommend a $5,000 fine against Impact Party presidential candidate Dennis Ngin and a $1 fine for vicepresidential candidate Robert Mack. Student Senate President Diane Kassim, the subject of an earlier allegation over her recent appointment to that position, commended the group Friday for putting a touch of finality on a controversial issue. "I can only hope that now the individuals who propagate this hatred will receive their proper punishment," she wrote in an e-mail. Editor's Note: The Alligator embarks on its journey to a brave new world today, as we welcome back membership in Student Government and our old motto, "For a Better Florida." See page 3 for more information on this momentous change in our history. SG-funded Skittles to rain onto Reitz Union Colonnade on Friday Thanks to the generosity of Student Body President-elect Joe Goldberg, a real-life torrent of Skittles candies will fall on the Reitz Union at noon today. Student Government will pay local skydiving outfit AirDrop, Ic., $20,000 to rain 160 tons of the fruit-flavored sweets on the campus during Friday classes. "This isn't like chocolate alligators or anything," Goldberg said. "But I want to give people a chance to taste the rainbow." Calls to the Pride Student Union were not returned. John Caldewell, AirDrop's president, said "technical questions" still exist with getting the candies to the ground in one piece. "They might move pretty fast," he said. E Voice Party chairman Christian Duque was suspended today by Student Government authorities for refusing to concede last month's elections. Duque has vowed to sit in vigil at the SG offices until his grievances are heard. See story, pg. 12. FORECAST 2 UF DIGEST 6 GREEK LIFE 411 10 CLASSIFIEDS 14 SPORTS .24 Loaves of love Patty Bonnet makes bread outsideherhome in Gainesville on Thursday morning. Bonnet intends to ship four loaves of bread overseas to Indonesian earthquake victims. "This bread is for them to eat," she said. \ Sunny 72/72 visit alligator.sg.ufl.edu 

PAGE 4

2, ALLIGATOR M FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 STATE Mack 'fights for his rights' in Tallahassee wrestling match Former Student Body VicePresidential candidate Robert Mack got his "agenda" taken care of earlier this week, beating Florida Rep. Dennis Baxley for first place in the Florida Legislature's first annual "Rule 'n' Rassle Invitational" wrestling competition. Mack, the only under-25 man invited to the 32-member elimination tournament, powered through his opponents without much resistance. Only Baxley, the chairman of the House Education Committee, gave Mack a run for his money, Mack said. "Dennis -[Baxley]'s got some fire in him," Mack said. "Every time I'd move in for the kill, he'd find a way to slip from my hands." Mack won bragging rights from his competitors -mostly representatives -and a -$50 gift certificate to Sonny's Real Pit BBQ. But Baxley couldn't resist talking trash of the Student Government lobby coordinator. "This is just the first match. I'll be back, and then we'll do things Ocala style," Baxley said. -MEGAN SEERY CAMPUS Basketball player to shoot 'Visine' commercial UF basketball star Matt Walsh didn't need long to capitalize on his now-infamous crying incident FORECAST TODAY SUNNY 72/72 SATURDAY SUNNY 72/72 SUNDAY SUNNY 72/72 during the NCAA Tournament game against Villanova. The small forward may soon tear up on televisions everywhere. According to a release, Walsh will start crying on the basketball court because his eyes are too dry, prompting UF basketball coach Billy Donovan to say, "There's no crying in basketball." Walsh and Donovan could not be reached for comment. -ANDY MARLETTE Sororities band together to fight poor accessorizing Not everyone can afford Gucci, but that could change if UF's Panhellenic Council has anything to say about it. Last weekend several of UF's sororities banded together in an effort to raise money and awareness about a cause they collectively feel deeply about. "There are girls walking around in Gap dresses, driving Volvos, and buying handbags at Dillard's," Panhellenic President Ashley Gomberg said, fighting back tears. More than, $59 was raised in Turlington Plaza on Saturday and Sunday as sorority girls MONDAY SUNNY 72/72 TUESDAY SUNNY 72/72 asked passersby to put money in a white Dolce and Gabbana hat. Asked why the event wasn't held during the week, when there would be more traffic in the area, sorority members gave different answers. "There's a football game to'day, isn't there?" said one sister, who said that without her name tag, she could not remember her name or major. "Saturday is the Lord's day, so we thought people would be in a giving mood," said another. "My boyfriend is in [Sigma Phi Epsilon]," said a third. Regardless of logistics, if the money raised impacts just one life, all involved will be happy with the results, Gomberg mused after the event. "Fifty-nine dollars, that's like 2 million pesos, so I imagine maybe we will just go to Italy and buy the designer bags there," Gomberg said. -KYLIE CRAIG WHAT'S HAPPENING 10 a.m., Noon, 2 p.m., 4:30 p.m. President's Radio Address Tigert Hall 00 -E 0*-11 a.m. Stop Sorority Stereotypes Reitz Union Colonnade 7 p.m. "Glengarry Glen Ross" Reitz Union Cinema VOLUME 98 ISSN 0889-2423 ISSUE 127 Published by Campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida STUDENT LEADERSHIP Copy Editors Chris Berger, Mary Beth Bishop, Student Body President Joe Goldberg Student Body Vice President Joyce Medina Student Body Treasurer Lindsay Cosimi Student Senate President Diane Kassim Student Senate Pro-Tempore Josh Boyles NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Dwayne Robinson Managing Editor / New Media Matthew Kelly Sports Editor Ian Fisher Assistant Sports Editor Louis Anastasis alligatorSports.org Editor AndrewAbramson University Editor Steve Orlando Elections Editor Eva Kis Freelance Editor Natalie Liem Assignment Editor Nick Weidenmiller Tallahassee Bureau Chief James VanLandingham Editorial Board Joe Goldberg, Joyce Medina, Lindsay Cosimi, Diane Kassim, Josh Boyles, Dwayne Robinson Photo Editor Casey Anderson Assistant Photo Editor Nick West Photo Staff Matt Marriott, Emily Harris, Tricia Coyne the Avenue Editor Kelly-Anne Suarez the Avenue Assistant Editor Sarah Anderson Copy Desk Chiefs Robert Beltran, Matt Cmar, Sheryl Rosen, Ryan Worthington The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc., P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscriptio One Semester (Fall or Spring) Summer Semester Two Semesters (Fall or Sprint Full Year (All Semesters) Staff New Media Staff Assistant Editor New Media Staff Chief Janitor Assistant Janitorial Staff Gayle Cohen, Carly Felton, Jennifer Freihofer, Lyndsey Lewis, Krissi Palmer, Heather Romans, Stephanie Rosenblatt, Lynne Schultz, Michael Schutz, Brandy Stearns, Marianna Tuninskaya Bryan App, Gregg Girvan, Brian Sbaffer Gwen Heimburg Dan Jimmerson Mike Gimignani Bridget Carey, Stephanie Garry, Andy Marlette, Megan Seery ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) UF President J. Bernard Machen General Manager C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org Assistant General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@afligator.org Administrative Manager Allison Sinclair, Lorena Crowley Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, fmcgowan@alligator.org PRODUCTIONISYSTEMS Production/Systems Manager Vern Bean, vbean@alligatororg Assistant Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator.org Information Technology Manager Brian Dwyer, bdwyer@alligator.org Advertising Production Staff Elizabeth Houston,.Shana Langfur, Jovan Ribadeo, Nick Johnson, Kate Barnes, Michelle Stewart The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W. University Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for holidays. Classified also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. @ Copyright 2005. All rights reserved. No portion of The Alligatot may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc. n Rates: $18 $10 ) $35 $40 

PAGE 5

Eil HAPPY APRIL FOOL'S DAY FA the independent florida Not official associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida VOLUME 98 ISSUE 128 We Inform. You Decide. I"S Recycle FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 UF ADMINISTRATION SG presidents discuss bill with Governor By NEIL HUGHES Alligator Writer nhughes@alligator.org The current and future Student Body president met with Gov. Jeb Bush on Thursday to talk about issues facing UF students. Student Body President Jamal Sowell and President-elect Joe Goldberg spoke with Bush in his Tallahassee office for 30 minutes. Although Sowell endorsed credit hour proposal" that is curmost degree programs, Goldberg Goldberg's competitor, Student rently under consaid. Body Treasurer Dennis Ngin, in the sideration in the "You'd be charged almost double SG elections, Sowell and Goldberg Florida Senate. the price it would normally cost said they agreed on the issues preThe proposal [for those credits]," he said. "It's sented to Bush. would charge their goal to try to get students out "It's not about me, and it's not students more faster." about Joe," Sowell said. "It's about money for cred"We're proposing to fix the the student body. And now the govits if they take language in the bill," Goldberg emor knows who to talk to." Sowell 15 percent more added. "We want to change it to 20 One of the main issues discussed, than the tradipercent." Goldberg said, was the "excess tional 120 required to graduate in Goldberg said he is working with UF's own lobbyists in Tallahassee and said he is optimistic that progress will be made. "I think the issues can be worked out," he said. "That's why we have two incredible lobbyists that I'll be looking to re-hire. I think they've been extremely effective for us." Sowell said he is not overly concemed with the excess credit hour SEE SOWELL, PAGE 9 UF must define degrees E THE FLORIDA BOARD OF GOVERNORS REQUIRED THE EXPLANATIONS. By STEPHANIE GARRY Alligator Staff Writer smgarry@alligator.org UF students who don't yet understand the purpose of their major may get a clue from the school this December. That's the deadline for UF administrators to define what knowledge and skills students in more than 100 majors should have by graduation and how that achievement can be measured. "This is a large administrative and faculty task that needs to be done," Interim Provost Joe Glover told the Board of Trustees, the university's highest governing body, last week. The idea, mandated by the State University System's highest authority, is that students will have a university's promise to learn content and critical thinking and communication skills if they successfully complete a certain degree. But UP officials, faculty and students have feared the Academic Learning Compacts will translate into another test for graduating seniors. "The hope is that the academic learning compacts will foster program improvement so that as we evaluate how students perform on Academic Learning Compacts it will provide us feedback," Glover said. Though UF still doesn't know if testing will be required, it's taking a proactive approach toward the assignment in hopes that it won't turn into a bureaucratic mess, said Jack Mecholsky, chairman of the Faculty Senate council who is working on the mandate with the provost's office. "I don't encourage individual assessment," he said, adding that graduating from a good program should be proof enough of their learning achievement. "The way we do it now is based on the program." After the university sets the learning outcomes and measures, it will go to the Board of Trustees for approval in December and then to the Board of Governors, the authority over the State University System. As one measure of accountability, the compacts may be tied to UF's legislative funding, though that relationship is still unclear, Glover said. "This is a large administrative and faculty task that needs to be done." Joe Glover interim provost UF already has a variety of measures in place to ensure the quality of their programs, including accreditation processes that are more stringent than the compacts, Mecholaky said. With tracking, required courses and curriculums for each major, the university is hoping these standards will show accountability is inherent in the process and preempt any need for testing or additional measures, Mecholsky said. Otherwise, the compacts may be a duplication, he said. Pierre Ramond, chairman of the Faculty Senate, wrote in a statement that the faculty is the keeper of academic programs, standards and quality and that the Board-mandated compacts should not infringeon that right. He agreed that many accountability measures are already in place. "Students are being over-tested as it is," Ramond said. "The proof of our success really is that people still want to come to the University of Florida." "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" Editor's note: Due to our tomfoolery in giving you three -count 'em -three front pages, we had to scuttle some of our normal practices today. The, facing page (pg. 2), where Alligator news briefs are located. is authentic. Today FORECAST 2 OPINIONS 6 CLASSIFIEDS 10 CROSSWORD 15 ,SPORTS 19 %-4 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" N Jeff Corsaletti and the Gators look to make it four in a row when they host Kentucky this weekend. UF bruised Florida State 9-2 Wednesday. See story, pg. 21. Thunder Storms 82/61 visit www.alligator.org 

PAGE 6

4, ALLIGATOR U FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 Ufrt rtiMtgSTRAToupN Grant could help recruit minority grad students By EMILY YEHLE Alligator Writer eyehle@amigator.org UF officials are hoping a $6.9 million grant will help increase the diversity of graduate students, strengthening UF's position among top research universities. The National Science Foundation awarded UF with money to expand an existing university coalition that aims to encourage minority undergraduates to enter graduate programs in science, engineering and mathematics. UF, Clemson University and the University of South Carolina will lead the Southeast Alliances for Graduate Education and the Professoriate because of the variety of their Ph.D programs, while more than 20 universities in Florida, Georgia and South Carolina will provide students for those Ph.D programs. The first step is hosting visits to campus, said Anne Donnelly, the program's director. "We have existing graduate students meet with and serve as local hosts so they have a chance to talk to students," she said. "They are very powerful role models." Workshops, fellowships and international research opportunities follow for students who attend UF and join the program. The expansion will allow UP to find minority students relatively close, Donnelly said. "It makes more sense to recruit students in the region than to go across the country," she said. Furthermore, the coalition includes a partnership with the University of the Virgin Islands and a group that provides research opportunities in 30 Latin American countries, she d. The grant comes in the wake of UF President Bernie Machen's goal to become a Top 10 public research university. But the universities UF emulates are more diverse. "Machen has said he wants [UF] to be a world class institution," she said. "You can't be a world class institution if you don't represent the world, and diversity is part of that." The program's ultimate goal is to increase faculty diversity by recruiting and supporting minority students who have academic aspirations, Donnelly said. UF also contributes money for additional post-doctoral positions for minorities, she said. Between Fall 1999 and 2004, UF participated in a smaller program with FAMU and worked with the Florida-Georgia Louis Stokes Alliance for Minority Participation to bring more minority students to UP. During those five years, minority enrollment in hard sciences, engineering and biological sciences increased 44 percent, 51 percent and 58 percent, respectively. In that same time, engineering Ph.D recipients almost tripled, according to a report on the program. Judge sentences Hudson to 30 years in murder case E HUDSON'S CONVICTION CAME ON HIS THIRD TRIAL. By MEGAN V. WINSLOW Alligator Writer mwinslow@alligator.org A county judge sentenced Willie James Hudson to 30 years in prison Thursday, in connection with the July 2003 shooting deaths of two Gainesville men. On March 18, after 14 hours of deliberation over two days, a jury found Hudson, 30, guilty of two counts of manslaughter. Wearing shackles and an orange jumpsuit, Hudson faced both Judge Mary Day Coker's decision regarding a third charge -possession of a firearm by a convicted felon -and ultimately, his sentence for all three charges at Thursday's hearing. As state law prohibits a jury from having knowledge of a defendant's previous criminal history, Coker was responsible for determining a verdict on the firearm charge. After considering the circumstances surrounding the weapon, Coker found Hudson guilty and sentenced him to 15 years for each of the three crimes. Two of those sentences -one for manslaughter, the other for the firearm -will be served concurrently. Prior to Coker's decision, family members of both victims made statements, expressing a desire for a harsh sentence. "This cannot be repaired -Kevin cannot be replaced," said Eyvette Harris, sister of victim Kevin Harris. "My children are without an uncle. My nephew is without a father. not a Paxil, not a Zoloft can help with what I'm going through." However, after two mistrials, the punishments brought a sense of closure to both sides of the bench. "in light of all the circumstances, the state is satisfied that at least some degree of justice was done, and it respects both the verdict of the jury and the sentence of the court," prosecutor Geoffrey Fleck said. On July 2, 2003, Harris, 29, climbed into Hudson's car allegedly intending to buy cocaine from -Local John Adkins, 28. u According to pros-, ecutors, Hudson was waiting in the backseat of the car, planning to rob Harris of approximately $8,000. When Harris fought back, Hudson shot him three times. Adkins, the driver, was killed when he was struck in the head by a stray bullet. Soon after, the car crashed into the front porch of City Commissioner Craig Lowe's home. Through all three trials, defense attorney Stephen Bernstein maintained Hudson was in Orlando with his wife at the time of the shootings. Following the'verdict, Bernstein said he believed the decision was a "compromise" and called some evidence circumstantial and confusing. "I think this sentence has all the problems it does because of the jury's compromise, and nobody knows what to do with the case," Bernstein said. "If you treat it as murder, you're wrong because the jury said it wasn't murder, and no one asked for manslaughter." If you'venever afttenedValencia, you c n also pply online at ff a.org If you're looking for something productive to do this summer, tale classes at one of our fourValencia campuses and enjoy our smaller class size, cheaper tuition (almost half the cost of what you're paying at Florida), great class selection and ample parking. Our Summer Getaway means you"get away"from highpriced tuition, crowded classes and those soul-sucking summer "jobs." We offer many of the same classes as a university, so credits earned atValencia will transfer. Before you apply, go to facts.org and choose "Transfer Services" for details. Take the smart trip this summer. Registration starts April 22. 

PAGE 7

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 I ALLIGATOR, 5 Muslims talk news By JOHN COX Alligator Contributing Writer "Kill their leaders and convert them to Christianity." If the "their" in columnist Ann Coulter's statement referred to Jews and not Muslims, would it run in a newspaper? Ahmed Bedier said he doesn't think so. "Islam and Muslims are in the headlines every day and mostly in a negative light," said Bedier, Central Florida director for the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations. Americans are often confused about Islam, and the media doesn't help, Bedier said. Bedier spoke to nine people in the Florida Gym Thursday night about how journalists should cover Islam. UF's Islam on Campus sponsored the event. Bedier said the media has created dangerous stereotypes about Muslims since Sept. 11, 2001. "Those stereotypes eventually develop into hatred," he said. A 2004 CAIR report showed a 70 percent increase in antiMuslim incidents, Bedier said. UF psychology sophomore Hassan Loutfi said he thought Bedier was right about how media outlets cover Islam. "A lot of the audience is not Muslim, and they know that," said Loutfi, who is Muslim. Bedier said On journalists should lClmtpl do more to cover Muslim holidays and local events. A lack of Muslim influence in the media also has affected public perception, he said. CAIR encourages Muslims in universities to go into journalism. "It's important to just not have a bunch of white people on staff," Bedier said. Bedier also said Muslims often do not trust the media. "Many people just think all the media is controlled by Jews," he said. AROUND GAINESVILLE Commissioner makes homeless crusade into summit By BRIAN HAGEN Alligator Writer bhagen@alligator.org Alachua County Commissioner Rodney Long turned his two days' experience living as a homeless person in northeast Gainesville last week into a commission to resolve the problem in 10 years Thursday. Mayor Pegeen Hanrahan, Long and other community leaders and luminaries met for The Homelessness Summit, held at the Martin Luther King Jr. Activity Center. The forum brought together politicians, business and property owners and community activists who will focus on providing more services, sustainable housing and mental and substance-abuse care, as well as improving law enforcement, jail I and institutional care. "This is a real problem, and it's not going away," Long said. "It's ui to us. What are you going to do to help?" Featured speakers included leaders from Jacksonville and Tallahassee who shared their own cities' difficulties in fighting homelessness. Tallahassee Mayor John Marks emphasized the need to provide affordable housing. Doing nothing can cost more than fighting the problem, said Wanda Lanier, executive director of the Emergency Services and Homeless Coalition of Jacksonville Inc. To calculate the cost, the coalition tracked the service needs of individual "We could have built John a house for what we spent on him in a year." Wanda Lanier executive director of the Emergency Services and Homeless Coalition of Jacksonville Inc. homeless people, such as John, a bipolar homeless man. In seven months, John's trips to the emergency room, detoxification programs and lodging at shelters cost Jacksonville $40,000. "We could have built John a house for what we spent on him in a year," she said. When guests were slow to join the committee, Long approached them with a grin and a booming voice, volunteering them himself. Hanrahan received a sizeable check for $946,379 from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to help the city in its efforts. Also among summit attendees were city commissioners Rick Bryant and Craig Lowe, Alachua County Sheriff Steve Oelrich and homeless people Long befriended while living on the streets of Gainesville last week. Attendees also offered insight into options to make the program effective. "We need to incorporate the people who've been through these programs," said Hawthorne Mayor John Martin. "There is a connection between someone who's been down the same road you've been down." The Local Brew Charlie Honderick and his band, The Most, perform at the Orange & Brew on Thursday night. The Local Brew, which brings in local bands to perform, started this semester and runs twice a month. ftcan-Amerie at Phil-Nicks Eat a hearty Breakfast from as early as 6:30 am Lunch starts at 11:00 am SPECIALTY SANDWICHES PIHILLY STEAW L CHEESE CUBAN SANDWICHES HOT MEALS DAILY BBQ RIBS BLACR BEANS AND RICE SOUP AND SALADS HOfAEfftADE DESSERTS Cater Your Activities "Oradition is in t~e iaste." Located Downtown Gainesville 37 North Main Street Gainesville, FL 32601 352-376-8269 

PAGE 8

6, ALLIGATOR S FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 Editorial We're going to try something new today: an all-Laurel edition of Darts & Laurels. While we've earned a reputation this semester for being particularly negative -and deservedly so -we're not really all as cynical as some think. We enjoy a walk on the beach, a particularly vibrant sunset and the sound of a baby's laugh as much as any boring poet. That's why we're so happy that a lot of heartwarming stuff has been happening lately. We're usually relegated to taking out the trash, as it were, but today we are only going to discuss things that truly exemplify everything that is right in the world today. Heck, maybe we'll even like it. This could be the start of a new, infinitely more rosy future. So, braid some flowers into your hair, give the person next to you a big hug and then realize how naive you are for actually believing anything we just said on April Fools' Day as we laugh merrily at you into this week's Laurel-free edition of. Darts & Laurels We kick things off by bestowing our coveted dumbestphrase-ever-uttered-and-then-printed-in-our-pages-this-year DART to Rep. Dennis Baxley for saying that he opposes any form of benefits for partners of gay or lesbian couples because he believes that homosexuals are too promiscuous. While his ludicrously discriminatory statements on this issue are too numerous to list, a particular' favorite of the Department of Darts & Laurels was, "Some of these people have 300 partners in their lifetime and, by and large, these are not monogamous relationships." We'd love to see the research that led him to that statistic. Baxley: "How many guys have you, uh, you know, 'done?"' Happily monogamous gay man: "Actually, I'm still with my high-school sweetheart." Baxley to himself: "So, he says 'one.' But once I invoke the Multiply-by-300 Rule of homosexual promiscuity." Yeah, we know that's not fair. He never would have gone out and actually talked to "a gay" himself. Because we know that "when it April showers, it pours," we toss a bring-back-the-ballots-we've-got-a-new-contender-fordumbest-quote-ever-printed DART to Scott Fox, interim director of OJU~s Transportation and Parking Services, for insisting -despite the staggering mountain of evidence to the contrary -that ,"We know there is enough red parking." This statement was in flagrant denial of the fact that 1,653 Red 1 decals were sold for only 800 parking spaces and 3,558 Red 3 decals we sold for 3,101 All Red or All Decal spaces. By what twisted form of logic is this "enough red parking?" When students are turned away from parking lots daily because there are no available spots -because there are many more decals sold than there are spaces -how can you even begin to argue that there are "enough?" But give him the benefit of the doubt: Maybe he was just really confused from all of the asphalt fumes, and so he decided to celebrate April Fools' Day a bit early. Finally, because we're always looking out for evidence that the government decided "1984" had some pretty good ideas, we give a don't-you-guys-know-that-it's-a-really-bad-idea-totry-to-separate-a-fat-kid-and-his-cake DART to Oregon's state legislature for considering legislation that would ban candy, soda and other junk food from being sold in public schools. Don't these legislators remember back when they were a child? Where would we all be today if we hadn't had "snack time" during our most impressionable years? It's not the same if the "snacks" are green vegetables, rice cakes and V8. In other news, the Oregon legislators also have proposed a blanket ban on all pencils in a last-ditch effort to stem the tide of lead-poisoning deaths caused when school children get desperate after they run out of paste to eat. Just kidding. We may be willing to go pretty far on April Fools' Day, but the reality of our kids sucking back No.2's like coke is no laughing matter. Now we can't even tell when we're kidding anymore. 0 the independent florida alligator Dwayne Robinson EDITOR Mike Gimignani MANAGING EDITOR Matt Sanchez OPINIONS EDITOR Lauren Flanagan Diana Middleton Craig Singleton EDITORIAL BOARD The Alligotor encourages comments from renders. Letters to the editor should not enced 150 words (about one letter-sized page). They must be typed, double-spaced alod must include the author's name, classiicaon nd phone nomer. Names mill be wthheld It the ite, shows toot naose. We resetoe the tight to edit tot length, grammet, ohile and libel. Send letters to ttnts@olgetot.org ring them to 1105 W. Univetsity Ave. or nd them to P.0Boo 14257, Gaionoslle, FL 32m04-225.Columons C0 ahout 450 wotds a.out original topics end editoral caroon ar nls elcome. Questions? Cell 376-4450. Opinions ALLIGATOR www.aligator.org/opinions 1ACSruhVo7I5 ctic~ ,~ ~ 09W1 APPEAL TI/IS Column Don't like comics? You will after this ot damn, I'm excited. I've been talking about it all week. To tell you the truth, I haven't shut the hell up once. "Sin City" is out today, and I could not be happier. I'm probably in cinematic ecstasy right now as you're reading this sentence, and I feel confident saying that because I plan to see the movie eight or nine times this weekend. For those of you who don't know, "Sin City" is perhaps the most ambitious, innovative and talent laden-film released this year. Without even seeing it, I'm declaring it one of the best. That's because "Sin City" is comics done right. All of us have seen "Daredevil," or "Catwoman," or "Elektra," and one of the reasons those movies sucked is because they deviated so much from the source inaterial. Not this time. Frank Miller, the writer, illustrator and creator of the "Sin City" comics not only wrote the screenplay, but he has been brought on as a director as well. Let me put this in perspective. If there were a Holy Trinity of modern comic book writers, that Big Three would include Alan Moore, Neil Gaiman and Frank Miller. Miller's work on Batman ("Batman: Year One," "Batman: The Dark Knight Returns") is what turned him into the grittycharacter you think of today (rather than the campy Adam West version), and Miller took that edge to another. level entirely when he created "Sin City." "Sin City" is a dark, violent place, and Miller highlighted this by almost exclusively using black and white in the books. Robert Rodriguez, the film's co-director, convinced Miller to sign on to the project so he could recreate Miller's style on film. If you've seen the black-and-white commercials they've been airing recently, you know what I'm talking about. If not, try to understand that this movie looks radically different than anything you've seen before. Miller's artistry is so unique and so astonishing that, if the movie looks half as good as the printed Andrew Meyer Uncommon Sense lettersealligator.org version, this will be an incredible film. That's why "Sin City" has drawn more top-level talent than any movie I can ever remember. One of the greatest comic book stories ever (and now one of my favorites) is being brought to the silver screen, and Bruce Willis, Jessica Alba, Clive Owen, Benicio Del Toro, Michael Clark Duncan, Elijah Wood, Rosario Dawson, Michael Madsen, Josh Hartnett, Mickey Rourke (an inspired casting choice as the film's antihero Marv), Jaime King, Brittany Murphy, Nick Stahl and Devon Aoki all wanted in on-it. Oh, and I forgot to mention that Quentin Tarantino guest directs for part of the film. Can you see why I'm excited? When I saw that staggering orgy of talent signed up for this film, it was all I could do to stop myself from hyperventilating. I had read Miller's work on Batman, but didn't get around to "Sin City" until last week (yes, that was me sitting in the bookstore for days on end). I can't stress enough how amazing these books are. The struggles of the twisted antiheroes of "Sin City" are fleshed out so realistically that it's like nothing you've ever read before., Comic books are without question the most unheralded medium in literature, long and unfairly regarded by many as mere "kid's stuff." Even today, there is a stigma associated with reading comics, despite the high quality many of them possess. So when I say that "Sin City" is easily one of the five greatest comic books eve-r, it might not mean much to you. After seeing' this movie, believe me, it will. Andrew Meyer is a journalistnfreshoirn. His coluont appears on Friday. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: Did we getcha? Thursday's question: Do you 39% YES want SG to fund free copies of the Gainesville Sun for students? 61% NO 70 rp TOTAL VOTES Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org 

PAGE 9

Letters to the Editor Some people are too quick to cry 'racist' Editor: Somehow, Dan Raben came to the conclusion that Andy Marlette's cartoon on Johnnie Cochran was racist. I think it's pathetic that, every time a black person is attacked, there are people who assume there are racist motives at play. I'm sure the vast majority of those who read his letter replied, "Huh?" I also would like to see Raben's evidence that a large number of UF students are racists. The racism charge just sounds like a bunch of poppycock from a whining lunatic. Raben, I suggest you make a better effort to get the wad out of your panties and go have a drink. It's just a stupid cartoon. Dan May Uf alumnus Legislator's attempts would stop growth Editor: Representative Dennis Baxley has been more than wrong these past few weeks: He's been irresponsible. In a state in which the educational system has been under scrutiny as lazy, static and unproductive, he is taking very drastic measures to ensure that the slow momentum UF and other colleges are building in the direction of growth is halted. Professors across the state are feeling more unwelcome by the appropriately misnamed Academic Freedom Bill, which hopes to ensure that progress in literature, art, political and social theory and the sciences will be stifled by fears that students who believe the Sun does not revolve around the Earth or that the Holocaust never happened can sue for the right to have their ideas go unchallenged by real experts. Threatening a school that is trying to allow domestic partner benefits ensures that a sizable demographic of capable and much-needed instructors will take their abilities elsewhere. Perhaps, when all of the professors at UF have left, he can be the one to come and teach us about the future with his 30-year-outdated bachelor's degrees from FSU and his academic experience as a Rotary Club president. Zachary Clark Vice president, Pride Student Union Palestinian rapper furthers same themes Editor: Will Youmans, a PalestinianAmerican rapper, said he was not on campus "to convert anyone over to my side or view," and added "violence against civilians is wrong" (from Thursday's Alligator). He then led the audience in Singing a song with a chorus that went, "They exiled us and stole our homes, now all we have are old keys and new poems. They turned us into refugees and uprooted us like our olive trees." Yeah, yeah. This is the sort of message that leads Palestinian youths to kill Israeli civilians -hundreds of whom have been murdered in suicide bombings during the Intifada as a result of similar themes in Arab society. In 1947-49, 2,000 Jewish civilians (not soldiers) weye killed because the Palestinians and five surrounding Arab countries rejected the U.N. resolution establishing a Jewish state and an Arab state in Palestine. Between 1949 and 1955, 700,000 Jews who had lived in those same Arab countries for centuries were hounded out of their homes and found refuge in Israel. Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Egypt are now "judenrein," (free of Jews) in one of the most absolute instances of apartheid in the 20th century, while 20 percent of the Jewish state is composed of Arab Israelis. That is my side or view. Ralph Lowenstein Dean Emeritus, College of Journalism and Communications U EUE Editorial is misleading, wrongly personal Editor: I feel it is necessary to clarify your coitcerns regarding The Gainesville Sun's relationship with UF to reassure students their money and time is being taken into account. First, UF and the Sun are in talks. There has not been any official comnmitment made by either side to pursue this program. The $16,000' FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 N ALLIGATOR, 7 is an estimation. This program is one of many ideas being considered to broaden the outlets for news on campus and allow journalism students to access more outlets for publishing. Second, I never made my involvementpersonal. I am friends with many of your employees. Emily Yehle, the author of Tuesday's article, was told she could call me day or night to address any issues or concerns. I gave her every shred of information I had concerning the program and even took extra steps to be clear on the program's potential details. Furthermore, I take full responsibility for the mistake I made last semester. I never have denied the situation; however, it was, in fact, a mistake. I know you are familiar with such mistakes. Just this week, you cut off the end of an article and misspelled two headlines. Surely, the students are not calling for your head. The fact is, I was and am sorry for what happened, but I maintain that I learned from the experience and am ready to move on. I am hurt that you stooped to the personal level to scare off students who wish to make this university better. You have a responsibility to expose the truth, but you have shown this semester that exploiting peoples' weaknesses is more entertaining than real, hard news. I hope this is not a regular occurrence. We all make mistakes, but publishing them when details are not necessary is unprofessional. Stephanie Ruby 3 JM/LS 7A~ ~424?/< ~74-1 Al Tonight. April 1315 S. Main St. $5 Lover e Dloors open at 9pm 1 8 and up always welcome alligator bi'MM GREAT LIVE MUSIc EVERY FRIDAY rriday, Aprit 1st 1QM~-3p1M Reit?; Union North Lqivn 0 J~iis 07de reltz union board smm For persons with disabilities requiring special accommodations, please contact (352) 392-1665 x302 or 392-2567 "DD). Email acconmmodate@s.un.edu or contact the Florida Relay System at 1-800-955-8771 at least 72 hours prioto theeet NEED EXTRA VACATION MONEY FREE DENTAL SCREENING Get Paid$150 per procedure for patients who qualify & participate as a patient in the upcoming dental licensing examination. TO SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT PLEASE CALL 374-8131 N BIG LOTS & ASHLEY'S FURNITURE SHOPPING CENTER. MUST BE 18 YO, NOT PREGNANT, AND HAVE AT LEAST 20 NATURAL TEETH TO PARTICIPATE DNO011217 2442 N. MAIN ST I N.MAN 2 ".forbidden and all-consumning passions. Chicago Sun-Times BY NILO CRUZ "The poetry of yearning. the arItistry of seduction. .Anat i t -e Tropi s reaches for the artistic heavens." -NY Tims isrrWl7L M.\'' ) Mn 

PAGE 10

8, ALLIGATOR U WEDNESDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 I 1 Students reflect on beauty By KYLIE CRAIG Alligator Writer kcraig@alligator.org UF students described beauty in their own words at Thursday's "Beyond Body Acceptance: Redefining Beauty and Your Relationship with Food" event. The Panhellenic Council and the Student Health Care Center hosted the event. It aimed to challenge students' current ideas about beauty and body image and educate them on intuitive eating and eating disorders, according to a release. Amy Kennedy, Panhellenic director of women's wellness, said she wanted the event to help women realize the importance of addressing issues with body image. "We feel that by facing this subject, more women will seek resources to confront this issue and will feel better about themselves over time," she said. Students attending the event were given fliers on healthy eating, eating disorder fact sheets, SHCC cookbooks and the opportunity to receive a free massage from the SHCC between classes. They were also able to write down their own definitions of beauty to be put on a poster. It's important for people to have a healthy view of what beauty is, in part because of the pressure the media puts on people, Kennedy said. "On TV and in movies you'll see how we're supposed to look and supposed to act, and the typical woman in college rqe k isn't like that," she said. 11re UF senior Amber Whatley, 27, said she stopped by the tent event because she thinks body image is a problem for the entire society, not just college students. "Image is far too highly stressed," Whatley said. "I think women are made to feel they have to have a totally unrealistic image." Nutritionists and counselors were also on site to answer questions about body acceptance and eating disorders. "As college women, we should realize -we're all different and that's the best part about it," Kennedy said. Don't you just hate that panicky, .squirmy, singing feeling you g et when you lose something? (Shudder) We do, too. So much, in fact, that if you find something, we'll let you place a free ad in our Lost and Found section. Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. Call 373-FIND F $4 FRlDY $4 Bud Light Pitchers o 7 $4 Jager Bombs ARE YOU INT ERELJ"dS T ED? We are looking for healthy males and females between the ages of 18-50 to participate in a clinical research trial. We are evaluating an investigational drug for future use in the treatment of osteoporosis. 0 be in good general health .be a non-smoker if female, must be of non-child bearing potential or have been postmenopausal for at'least 2 years be taking no medications This study takes place over an eight week period and is divided into 2 sessions. It requires 1 screening visit, 2-night, 3-day overnight stays for both sessions at our Phase 1 Unit at 2401 SW Archer Road, Gainesville, Fl and 2 outpatient visits after discharge from the unit. You may receive up to $950.00 for completing the study. Food and lodging will be provided to you during your overnight stays. Drug and alcohol testing will be done. For more information please call: (352) 273-5500 or toll free (888) 635-0763 and ask for the Recruiting Department Phase I Diector R'oI,,rr oapo Rele Grm Prtc-o ref gis IS K 1. "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" \40 \ OX\ FUN, FREE FOOt, CRAFT DEMOS COUPON and the chance to try your hand at arts and crafts Grand Opening of The Studio ground floor, Reitz Union April 1, 1 -6 pm 392-7937 or 392-2378 OSA 

PAGE 11

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 ALLIGATOR, 9 soALLAHASSEE HoUseI deba0mmtes us of deadyfre By JAMES VANLANDINGHAM Alligator Staff Writer jvanl@alligator.org TALLAHASSEE -A bill that grants Floridians who shoot intruders in their homes immunity from criminal or civil liability moved forward in the Florida House on Thursday, after an hour of debate that at times seemed downright raucous. House Bill 249, a version similar to another bill that passed the Florida Senate unanimously March 23, says that even in public places, Floridians would not have a duty to retreat before using deadly force against assailants. That would depart drastically from current state law, which requires that if a persons are attacked outside their home or office and fears for their life, they must first attempt to flee if possible. Willie Meggs, a state attorney in Tallahassee and head of the Florida Prosecuting Attorneys Association, said the new law is unnecessary and potentially dangerous. "I think we're tying to solve a problem that doesn't exist, and in doing so may create a problem that we don't need," Meggs said, adding that many future murder defendants could easily claim they acted in self-defense. "Those are definite concerns," he said. "I'm aware of situationswhere there have been altercations where deadly force was used ahd the person did not retreat. .While the commonlaw doctrine that a man's home is his castle has long dictated that people don't have to retreat from their own homes, the new bill extends the idea to public parks and city streets. "If that's what the law says, I don't think that's real good," Meggs said. The "deadly force" bill was sponsored in the House by Rep. Dennis Baxley, R-Ocala, who chairs the House Education Council. "I'm the strongest advocate for freedom in this House," Baxley said during the debate. "I don't carry a gun, but I want criminals to know that behind every door they break into may be a citizen with a firearm." Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, sponsored an amendment that would have allowed state attorneys to prosecute in such situations if they believed the killing was premeditated murder. "If we pass this law, killers who could have walked away will not be prosecuted. Do you understand that?" he nearly shouted during debate on the legislation. "People would be authorized to kill or murder under this bill." House Republicans shouted down Gelber's amendment in a voice vote. Also in debate, House Democrats took aim at Baxley and his bill. Rep. Tim Ryan, D-Dania Beach, asked whether he could shoot someone at a bar if he was drinking and another man came at him. "Maybe," Baxley said. "If someone moves at you, you don't have very long to decide whether to meet the threat with deadly force, or whether you'll turn and run and be shot in the back." "So you're saying if someone jumps at you and you think that person might hurt you, you can shoot them dead without them even touching you, and couldn't be prosecuted for that? Nice," Ryan responded. Rep. Susan Bucher, D-West Palm Beach, asked whether Baxley could shoot another House member in a committee meeting if they were arguing and the other member stepped toward him in anger. "If you have reasonable fear of death or great bodily harm, you have a right to defend yourself," Baxley replied. "But I didn't think you could bring a firearm into the Capitol building anyway." Rep. Ken Gottlieb, D-Miramar, asked if he could be held liable if he was outside, thought another person was coming at him, shot, missed, and killed a child bystander. "Sometimes accidents may occur," Baxley said. "But think of how many people would have been hurt if you didn't act." Rep. Ari Porth, D-Coral Springs, pressed home. "The purpose of this bill is to ensure that you can meet force with force," Baxley said, answering one of Porth's questions. "What if you're in the grocery line in the express lane and you have way more than 15 items: The person behind you gets mad and pushes you out of the way. Can you pop a cap in them, calmly purchase your groceries and then call for a cleanup at checkout three?" Porth then asked. "If you're pushed, you can push back," Baxley said. Rep. Aithenia Joyner, D-Tampa, sponsored one last amendment that still would have required Floridians to walk away from conflicts before they started shooting. "For the past month, we've heard a lot about how this chamber is supposed to embrace a culture of life," she said, insinuating hypocrisy behind political outcry over the Terri Schiavo case. Joyner's amendment failed 85 to 30. The bill is expected to pass the full House next week. April 2-3, Stephen C. O'Connell Center Come out and visit 650 UF students stay awake on their feet to benefit the kids at Shands! Children's MiracdeiNetwork the allianc e t prie hsitls or cidren www.floridadm.org Credit hour bill discussed SOWELL, from page 3 bill, nor the bill that would allow students to sue their teachers for a partisan bias, noting Gov. Bush said that he believed neither bill would pass in their current form. Goldberg and Sowell were able to ask the governor about seven to eight questions in.the meeting, Sowell said. "I brought a question box in the [UF Student] Senate," he said. "I had all the senators put questions in the box on Tuesday, so I got a wide range of questions." Sowell said he felt he had a good relationship with the governor, and it was best for the student body to allow that same relationship for his successor. "I could call up Jeb if I needed any issues addressed," Sowell said. Goldberg said he appreciated the invitation from Sowell and the opportunity to speak with the governor. "Jamal and I were on the same page on everything that was discussed," Goldberg said, adding that he felt it was "very professional" of Sowell to invite him. 001 UF&Sbands 

PAGE 12

Dlassife ds FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 ALLIGATOR www.a lligator.org/class For Rent For Rent For-Rent For Rent For Rent rnished Junfurnishe unfurnished unurnished unfurnished J ONE IN A MILLION!!! Roommate matching 3/3 from only $429 FREE Cable w/ HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm Gated*24hr gym* tan FREE*Close to UF Leasing for NOW & FALL*377-2777 4-20-71-1 Super Clean Studio Walk to ShandsLong & short term lease Now as low as $355 monthly inc all utilities ph 336-9836 4-20-71-1 HAVE IT ALL AT THE LANDINGS! Furnished 3 and 4 bdrm apartment homes All utilities, internet, 24 hr gym, FREE Tanning. Roommate Matching Available Starting at $455/bdrm. 336-3838 ASK ABOUT SUMMER SPECIALS 4-20-23-1 *** SORORITY ROW AREA *** Experience the luxury at Windsor Hall. Located 2 blocks to UF. Beautiful single & double suites available. Starting at $400/mo includes everything -gym, pool, DSL, electric, etc. 337-9255 or www.windsorhall.com 4-20-71-1 1BR & 2BR Huge floor plan. Private patio, park at your door. Oasis 377-3149 Furn Avail 3436 SW 42nd Ave & 34th St. $500 & $600/ mo 4-20-71-1 *Incredible Deal 1/1 in 4/4* with: internet & cable & elec & water walkin closets, full bath, wash/dry pool view, gym, FULL furnish Call for more info 352-258-3542 4-20-60-1 Just Bring Your Clothes! Furnished 2 & 3 bedrooms from $875 Luxury living with all the perks! Includes cable, utility packages avail All we need is you! 372-8100 4-20-60-1 **COUNTRYSIDE** 1 BR/1 BA in 4BR/4BA $425 until, cable, alarm, dsl inc. W/D. On bus rts 9 & 35. Individual leases. Call 407-620-1555 4-12-25-1 HUGE *AFFORDABLE 1, 2 & 3BR Spiral Staircase Skylight Pool 2 Tennis Cts Indvl lease & Utility Pack Now and Fall 377-7401 4-20-31-1 RELET @ LEXINGTON CROSSING 3/3 1 BR/i BA avail at $475/mo, i-net, W/D, pool, cable TV, gym & tanning bed. Contact 352271-2067 or 407-353-8011 Avail from 5/1/05 4-4-9-1 KENSINGTON SOUTH sublease summer and/ar fall. Large 2BR/2.5BA luxury townhouse near campus. Walk-in closet, W/D, $400/BR Lots of parking, internet included. Pool & gym. Call 305-401-9215. 4-5-10-1 CAMPUS LODGEAPT. $175 off rent. Start in May thru Aug. Opt to renew. Female needed for lBR/1BA $375/mo incis all + internet, W/D, furnished.Near UF. Call 954-691-8944 4-1-5-1 1.3 Miles from UF! Seeking roommates 3/2. Available: Recently renovated. Furnishing is optional, wood floors, central AC, washer/ dryer. From $435 305-479-5075 4-4-5-1 ***CLOSE 2 CAMPUS 3BR/2BA porch liv rm, din rm, break rm, sm yd, cent A/C, wood fir, cbl ready, 2 parking spots + street pass, 1st, last, sec. Walk to Class!! 102 NW 7th Terr. 352-494-5430 4-4-5-1 FALL SEMESTER $350/mo OBO 1 BR, 1 study and private bath in big house, blocks from campus, Ig yrd, DW, laundry BEST DEAL EVER! Mike 514-4265 4-5-5-1 Save $$ itb coupons from the Alligator. GATOR PLACE APTS 3600 SW 23 St. 2BR/ 1 BA W/D is optional. Park in front ofyour apt. Pet play park. 2 mi to VA/Shands. $525/mo 372-0507. 4-20-71-2 OQUIET, CLEAN, LOTS OF GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1 BR apt. $325/mo. 01BR cottage $375/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-20-71-2 AVAILABLE NOW Walk to UF, Studios and 1 BR's From $555. Free parking Open Weekends 371-7777 www.collegeparkuf.com 4-20-71-2 LYONS SPECIAL $99 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-20-71-2 Need a Rental Home or Condo? Need A Tenant? CALL THE BEST! atson Reaty Corp. REAITORS ww.watsonrent.com Property Mgmt/Rentals 352-335-0440 Full Service Sales 352-377-8899 gvillepm@watsonrealtycorp.com 4-20-71-2 CAN'T FIND PARKING? BUS FULL? Studios & 1/is from $459 at UF Pool *We Pay Most Utilities Pets OK Residents get FREE parking.guaranteed You can't live any closer! 372-7111 4-20-71-2 QUALITY YOU CAN AFFORD! -Avail NOW or AUGUSTl 0 1 BR $530/2BR $580/3BR $735 HUGE floor plans! 2 Pools! Pets Welcome! ** 335-7275 4-20-71-2 *LUXURY 3/3 DOWNTOWN* Hurry while they last Only 8 left! W/D, pets OK 338-0002 4-20-71-2 OSUN BAY APTSS @Some furnished availO *OWalk or Bike to Campus 00 1-1 $460/mo@02-1 $520/mo www.sunisland.info 00376-6720 4-20-71-2 1 & 2BR apts. convenient to shopping, bus line, and just a few miles from UF. Located off SW 20th Ave. $410 -$515, incl water, sewer, pestcontrol & garbage. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066 335-7066. 4-20-71-2 ** A PRICE YOU CAN AFFORD!** Move in TODAY or AUGUST! 0 1BR $460 2BR $530 Walk to UF Pets welcome! Beautiful pools/courtyards! Open Weekends! 372-7555 4-20-71-2 SEPARATE FROM THE COMMON PLACE Luxury 2BR/2BA &amp; 3BR/3BA W/D incl. 'FREE Cable*Alarm* 24hr. Gym* FREE Tan* Close to UF Museum Walk 379-9255 4-20-71-2 Deluxe, Large 3 or 4BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Oul House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 Iv message 4-20-71-2. Amazing Apts! Perfect Price! 1,2,3&4BRs! Any size pet ok! FREE UF Parking & bus rt to UFl tennis, b-ball, pool, mntrd alarms pinetreegardens.com 376-4002 4-20-71-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 secand walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $495up. 352-538-2181. Lv mssg 4-20-71-2 Now & Fall -1 Big enough for 21 750 Sq Ft, Patio, We love pets! Alarm*Pool*UF Parking*DW*Gym Call by 4 Specials! 332-7401 4-20-71-2 SEEING IS BELIEVINGI!I 1BR/i BA*2BR/2BA*3BR/3BA TH FREE cable w/HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm Gated*24hr gym*Tan FREE*Close to UF Leasing for NOW and FALL*377-2777 4-20-71-2 *HUGE Luxury w/Garage 2BR/2BA & 3BR/3BA TH from $420 per person FREE Alarn *WD*GATED ENTRY FREE Tanning*24hr Gym*Camp lab Filling Fast for Fail**372-0400 4-20-71-2 ***Beautiful and New** 2BR/2BA & 3BR/3BA LUXURY FREE High-Speed Internet FREE Monitored Alarm FREE Cable w/HBO/Showtime FREE Tanning & 24 hr Gym W/D plus TVs in every kitchen Now & Fall 374-FUNN (3866) 4-20-71-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 4-20-71-2 SUN ISLAND 1.1 from $460.00 2.1 $520.00 $99 deposit for Grad students 999 SW 16th Ave phone # 376-6720 4 -www.sunisland.info 4-20-71-2 Too Good to Be True! HUGE 2/2 for only $425/person! Pool*Hot Tub*Tanning*PC Lab*W/D FREE Cable with HBO*Most Utilities FREE Minutes from Campus! 372-8100 4-20-71-2 HOUSES and CONDOS All locations and price ranges If you are tired of apt life Go to www.maximumre.com or call 374 6905. 8-24-170-2 Save $$$ and love where you live!!! Spacious 1/1, 2/1 or 3/2. Avail Now or Fall Alarms, pets welcome, free UF parking Call 373-1111 or visit www.spanishtrace.org 4-20-71-2 HOUSES AT UF 2 and 3BR from $719 Carport, wood floors, pets ok Open Weekends Call for appointment 371-7777 4-20-71-2 Historic Neighborhood WALK TO UF land 2 BRs from $560 Pets ok, wood floor option OPEN WEEKENDS 371-7777 4-20-71-2 Rooftop Luxury Overlooking UF Private 3/2 with HUGE deck W/D*Free Parking*Elevator Access One of a kind luxury! 372-7111 4-20-71-2 Summer rates plus July FREE on a 15 month lease Sun Island Properties 376-6720 www.sunisland.info 4-20-71-2 Want a bigger.2 or 4 BR TH this fall? TH, W/D & DW. We love ALL pets! Pool*Park @ UF *Free Gym*Alarm -Call by 4 Specials! 332-7401 4-20-71-2 *LIVE A RESORT LIFESTYLE* 1/1 & 2/2 flats, 3/3 townhomes Free Tanning, Aerobics, 24 hr gym PC lab, Gated, Trash Svc, All amenities. Leasing Now & Fall, 335-4455 4-20-71-2 Tired of roommates?! Huge 1/1 dishwasher, patio/balcony Tennis, bball, monitored alarm Move-in specials, leasing now & fall Open weekends, call 376-4002 4-20-71-2 Broke from Spring Break??? 2BR/1.5BA TH with W/D for $639! Alarms, Free UF parking, pets OK Avail NOW or Fall 373-1111 4-20-71-2 1st MONTH FREE! Pine Rush Apartments 1&2 BR apt homes starting @ $429/mo 375-1519 4-20-71-2 Tremendous two bed two bath FREE UF parking & bus rt to UF tennis, b-ball, monitored alarm affordable, spacious, pets ok! pinetreegardens.com 376-4002 4-20-71-2 1BR/iBA $420, 2BR/1BA $495, 2BR/2BA $525, 3BR/2BA $695. New carpet, Italian tile, cent AC/H, covered patio, DW, verticals, W/D hkups, pool. Some utils, walk to UF. 332-7700. 4-20-71-2 1BR & 2BR/1BA with W/D, central heat/air, dishwashercermic tile, private patio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th St. Near bus rt. From $505 377-1633 4-20-71-2 ***LIVE IN LUXURY* HUGE TWNHMS:2/2 & 3/3 Free cable, m/HBO & Shomlime W/D*alarm*free tanning*comp lab Pets welcome*Private dog park Leasing NOW & FALL 377-2801 4-20-71-2 Free Extended Basic Cable! Pets Welcome! 1000 sq ft Split Floor Plan, W/D Hook-ups & DW, 1 BR/i BA & 2BR/2BA Available.'Call Now 372-9913 4-20-71-2 Amazingly Affordable! HUGE 650sq ft lBR 1000 sq ft 2BR Townhouses & Flats! Discounted Rates Starting @ $380 & $480. Close to Santa Fe, UF & 1-75, 332-5070. 4-20-71-2 HOUSES 2 mi to UF Now & fall 331-0095 630 NW 35th St. Ig 3/2, fam rm $1200/mo; 816 NW 37th Dr 3/2, fam rm gar $1300/mo; 1802 NW 38th Terr 3/2 $875/mo; 642 NW 35th St. 3/2 $1100/mo 4-20-71-2 Total Elec, 2 & 3 Bedroom, $395-$550, cent A/C, pool, tennis, B-ball waste, pest, lawn mowing. 251b pet $15/mo. M-F 10-6 or by appt. A/amar Gardens 4400 SW 20th Ave. 373-4244 UF bus line #20 4-20-71-2 Your Perfect Apt Next to UF! 20 steps to class! Studios, 1, 2 & 3BR Avail Aug. Specials from $489/mo, Lofts wood firs & more. Some pet friendly! 376-6223 Ww.LiveNearCampus.com 4-20-71-2 Apartments Available Now All Florida Areas; All Major US Cities Browse our listing FREE WWW.SUBLET.COM 1-(877)-For-Rent (367-7368) 4-20-71-2 Have Roommates? 3BR/2BA House $950 Only You? 1 BR/1 BA House $450 Mitchell Realty 374-8579 x 1 4-20-70-2 So Close to Campus Avail now, 2BR/1 & 2 BA apts. $400, $450, $695 Mitchell Realty 374-8579 x 1 4-20-70-2 1/2 PRICE APTS! Close to UF/Downtown. 2BR & 3BR starting @ $525/mo Call 3734423 or online at www.maximumre.com 8-15-95-2 PET'S PARADISE, no app/pet fee. 2BR townhomes, duplexes. Privacy fence, modern appliances, ceiling fans, SW. Private owner, please leave detailed message. $450-525/mo 331-2099 4-7-60-2 Stupendous Studios Steps to UF From $499 -$559 Laundry, pool, pets ok! Open till 8pm and weekends Leasing for Fall 371-7777 4-20-69-2 115 STEPS FROM CAMPUS!! Luxury -Opposite Library West! Beautiful 2BR/2BA. al'amenities LOOKING GLASS APTS Call 376-1111 or Come by 111 NW 16th St. #1 4-20-69-2 Calvin Matthew Lee Black Male (DOB 1126/65); 5'07", 130 lbs, Black Hair, Brow n Eyes Wanted for: Felony violation of probation warrant for attempted sexual battery, Sexual offender fail to report to the Department of Law Enforcement, and failed to report change en address within 46 hours to the Department of Motor Vehicles ALACHUA COUNTY STOPPERS Call (352) 372-STOP 

PAGE 13

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 U ALLIGATOR, 11 For Rent ei For Rent For!R7nt F or k1nt, unfurnished unfisd uI unfurnished i nunfurnlished unfurnished ) DOWNTOWN LOCATION! 3BR/2BA Wood floors, fireplace, living & dining rooms, Den, $625/rent, 223 SW 4th Avenue Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-1-54-2 CHEAP RENT! 2BR/1.5BA W/d hookups, CH/AC, dishwasher, $475/mo 5320 NW 20th Court Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc, 372-9525 www.TuringtonRealEstate.com 4-1-54-2 **1 BR & 2BR BEAUTIFUL** NEW kitchen, tile, carpet, paint 2BRover 1100 sq ft 00 $650/ mo 1 BR-over 800 sq ft 00 $550/mo Close to UF, beautiful, quiet High-speed wireless internet -$300 off deposit @ 376-2507 4-20-63-2 3BR/4BR -LIKE A HOUSE Huge townhouse, fireplace, W/D hook-ups, patio, New carpet & tile, fitness & basketball high speed wireless internet 3BR/2.5BA only $850 4BR/3BA only $1099 Close to UF in SW Beautiful/quiet O 376-2507 4-20-63-2 Threesomes Welcomel All the space you need only $1050 Pool*Hot Tub* Tennis*Gym*PC Lab W/D*Cable with HBO*Extra Storage The perfect three-bedroom! 372-8100 4-20-60-2 DUCK PONDI Cute 1BR/1BA, wood floors, eat-in kitchen, ceiling fans, $475/rent 305-C NE 6th Street Carl Turlinglon Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-1-45-2 *NOW PRE-LEASING* 1 BR $699 -2BR $839 -3BR $999 $150 dep. Full size W/D, Direct Campus Access, Pool, Fitness Center! Open M-F 8:30 -5:30, Sat 11-4 Pebble Creek Apts 376-9607 4-20-59-2 BIKE TO SHANDS & VET SCHOOL! OSpacious studio, washer/dryer, Fenced yard, lawn nyc, 5450/rent y*r 3BR 2BA, terrazzo floors, washer/dryer, fenced yard, lawn svc, $1000/rent 4BR 3BA, terrazzo floors, washer/dryer, fenced yard, $1400/rent 3811 SW 20th Street Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 www.TurlingtonReatEstate.com 4-1-40-2 AVAIL. AUG 1: 4bed/2bath house. Ceramic tile floors, extra game room, fenced yard, pet ok, wash/dry provided. 1330 NW 39th St. 339-2342 for directions $1250/mo 412-45-2 Rent With Us Today, Buy With Us Tomorrow! Condo, House & Townhouse Rentals www.BosshardtPM.com Ask About Our Lucrative Tenant Rewards Program! 2BR/1BA Downtown $515/mo 3BR/3BA Townhouse $800/mo 3BR/2BA near SFCC $925/mo Over 30+ Private Homes Availablel Call Today: 371-2118 4-20-50-2 *3 BLOCKS TO UF* 2BR/1BA Duplex. Hardwood floors, W/D,$535/mo 375-8256 4-20-47-2 GAINESVILLE'S FINEST LIVING Luxury 3/3 & 4/4's from only $370/bdrm includes extended cable, water/sewer, 24 hr gym, Free Tanning SPRING & SUMMER SPECIALS Call the Landings at 336-3838 4-20-44-2 NEWLY RENOVATED Affordable, Quiet living HUGE 1& 2BR Pool Skylights 1.5 miles to UF Furn Avail 377-7401* 4-20-44-2 DOWNTOWN IBR 1BA, CH/AC, water included, $415/rent 411 Sw 2nd Street #3 Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 www.TuriingtonRealEstate.com 4-1-30-2 Very clean condo 2BR/2.5BA, 5 min to UF, 10 min to Shands, cen't AC, DW, W/D, cable, internet, pool, $800/mo Separate leases ok. 352-472-9778, 305-299-3485, sbayer@bellsouth.net 4-6-30-2 Living it up!! Luxury style! 1 & 2 BR, Private patios, walking .distance to UF, next to Sorority Row, Alarm, pets OK, W/D, HUGE bdrs & walkin closets. "Walk to UF" Call 372-7111 4-20-35-2 DEAL OF A LIFETIME! 3BR/3BA ONLY $365/PERSON FREE cable w/HBO/SHOWTIME, Alarm Gated* 24 hr gym* FREE Tanning* Close to UF Leasing for NOW and FALL 377-2777 4-20-35-2 Live in luxury minutes from campus, Shands, etc. Huge 1BR apt brand new modern kitchen, tile floors, double french doors looking out on huge backyard $695/mo. Call 3371330 4-11-30-2 *Sorority Row Area* 1940's vintage stone 2BR/1 BA apt. Beautiful hardwood floors. $675/mo 375-8256 4-2031-2 *8 Blocks to UF* Huge 2BR/1BA apt. Best deal in town. Starting at $550.mo 375-8256 4-20-30-2 *Sorority Row Area* Cute 2BR/1BA brick duplex behind Norman Hall. $650/mo 375-8256 4-20-30-2 *Sorority Row Area* Vintage stone 3BR/2BA duplex. Remodeled, hardwood floors, 2 story, W/D. $1250/mo 375-8256 4-20-30-2 Work for rent. 2BR + study. Trailer home. New W/D, screened in porch, fenced yard. On 10 acre Whipporwhill Horse Farm, 10 min W of UF. Call 352-376-8792 4-5-20-2 ABRACADABRA 3BR/2BA house. 2 car garage & apple tree. 1500 sq fl, cathedral ceiling, open floor plan. $1045/mo. 352-332-0602 or 318-3721 45-20-2 HISTORIC HOUSES DOWNTOWN 1 BRs & 2.5BRs. $275-700/mo Progressive thinkers preferred. View at: www.pleasantstreet.net 4-4-19-2 ENORMOUS 3BR Avail for Current and Fall Pool Tennis Cls 1.5 Mi 2 UF Ind lease, Furn & Util Avail Great Specials 377-7401 4-20-31-2 Available Now Blocks from UF Duplex, 2BR/1BA, fenced yard, $675/mo HOUSE 3BR/2BA, W/D, $1175/mo (Pets ok) Call Carol @ 377-3852 4-20-31-2 *FALL* Blks from UF 0 Houses S Duplexes 0 Apts (Managed by owner) See www.Dalyproperties.com for listings or call Carol at 377-3852. 4-20-31-2 AVAILABLE NOW! NEW 3BR/2BA house 2 car garage in brand new subdivision close to UP & SF00. All appliances $1300/mo negotiable based on length of lease. Call 215-9987 4-20-30-2 3BR/1.5BA HOUSE Lg screen back pch, Ig back yard, close to downtown, W/D, $900/ mo, Avail May 1stl. Call (office) 377-1071 or (cell) 262-7174 ask for Brian 4-20-30-2 Avail now 3BR/2BA HOUSE. 2120 NW 55th Terrace. Tile fIrs, Berber carpet, all appliances incl. Privacy fenced-in yard. $1050/mo. Call 215-9987 4-20-30-2 TOP QUALITY -GREAT LOCATIONS Upscale 1 & 2 BR apts. 1 block to campus on north & east sides. Year leases avail. Begin summer or fall. No pets. K&M Properties 372-1509 4-20-30-2 2BR/1BA apt mins from campus, Shands. Spacious, repainted, new carpets & new appliances. Beautiful backyard. $950/mo. Call Anthony 337-1330 4-11-22-2 Space & Value! 3 and 4 bedrooms Tennis, b-ball, monitored alarm Pets welcome, free uf parking Ceramic tile, dishwasher, pool Open wkndn, Call 376-4002 4-20-29-2 Avail May: Several units w/in .5 mi of UF campus or closer. Eff $300-310, 1BR/1BA $395-$415, 2BR/2.5BA $725, 2BR/1BA $700. Sec dep, NS, no pets. Contact sor20@yahoo.com or lv mssg 352-870-7256 4-20-28-2 WALK TO CLASS! 2BR 1BA duplex, water included, $375/rent. Avail May! 407-1 NW 13th Terrace. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-1-15-2 WE HAVE UPN Sun Bay Apts 376-6720 4-20-28-2 Be near everything.at The Oaks! Start at $525 for 1 bdrm, $675 for 2 bdrm, & $825 for 3 bdrm Remodels Available! Call for move in specials today at 331-8836! 4-12-20-2 Hampton Oaks brand new lux. apts. behind Oaks Mail. 2 bdrms start at 5850/me & 3bdrm at $1200/mo w/move-in special of up to 2 mo FREE rent! Call 333-8643 today! 4-12-20-2 Luxurious Victoria Station Twnhse. Walk to Butler. 2BR/2.5BA. W/D, alarm, pool, free ethernet. Bus rt in front every 15 mon. $850/ mo NEGOTIABLE. Avail Aug 2005. Cell 2224235 4-20-25-2 Downtown garage/studio apt on bus rtes, biking to campus walk to downtown off street parking include H20. $330/mth 1st, last, dep. Call 373-6551 leave message 4-6-11-2 University Terrace West 4/4 Individual Leases New Carpet & Paint Furnished Living Area W/D, Pool $395/mo Uniton Properties 373-7578 4-20-24-2 University Terrace Gainesville 4/4 Individual Leases Completely Refurbished Furnished Living Area W/D, Pool $405/mo Union Properties 373-7578 4-20-24-2 Walking Distance to UF 1433 NW 3rd Avenue 2BR 1.5BAW/D h/up 3 units available in quad $775/mo Union Properties 373-7578 4-20-24-2 Victoria Station Off SW 35th Place Like New Townhouse 2BR 2,5BA W/D, Pool $825-850/mo Union Properties 373-7578 4-20-24-2 Vacation with USI Resort style living. RTS BUS service @ your door! 2/2 or 4/4 ALL inclusive, hi-speed int. HBOs, UTILITIES FREE maid serve, Gated! Going fast. Call now 271-3131 420-23-2 2BR IBA Apts $515-525/mo 5 Blks to UF! 840 Sq Ft 829 SW 5th Avenue, St. Croix Apts Central H & Air, incids wtr, swg, pst ctrl, garbage. Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-14-2 00 WALK TO UF Leasing now for fall. Experience the luxury of brand new fully equipped 1 & 2BR apts & townhouses. Free hi-spd internet + wireless internet in courtyard. 2 blocks from UF behind Norman Hall near Sorority Row area. Contact 352-332-2097, email admin@taylors quareapartments.com, web www.taylorsquar eapartments.com 4-1-8-2 LUXURY HOUSE -Great location 3/2, Ig master BR w/pvt BA & walk-in closet. 2 other BRs share Ig BA. Rent incl all utils, W/D, fireplace, custom kitchen & beautiful pvd pool area. $485, 430, 375 or rent whole house $1290. Call Karl 332-5030 4-4-10-2 ** 2BR 2.5 BA ** Brighton Park, Beautiful end unit townhome, W/D, DW, alarm, pool, -1200 sq ft Many extras. Bus rt SW 34 St No smoking unit. Avail Aug $825 214-3820 4-20-20-2 ISABELLA PARK 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2.5BA townhome. W/D, DW, eat-in kitchen, SW Archer & 34th St. area. 336-7097. Grad/prof preferred. Lease option. Furnish option. 4-20-20-2 *WALK TO UF* Historic home in great neighborhood. 3BR/ 2BA, hd wd floors, tile, W/D, deck. Cute, clean, no dogs. 1112 NW 4th Ave 871-8280. $1250/mo 4-4-7-2 **HISTORIC VICTORIAN APT** 10 blocks to UF. Quaint 1BR/1BA apt.w/ wd firs, fans, hi ceiling, Pets Ok. Avail Aug 1st $450/mo 225 SW 3rd Ave. Call 376-2184 4-7-10-2 INDIVIDUAL LEASES AVAILABLE NOWAND FALL SEASON Convenient UF access $325 to $575 Action Real Estate Services 352-331-1233 4-20-18-2 Beautiful Townhouse for rent 2BR/2.5BA, 2story. Huge lvg rm & kitch. 5 min to campus. Rent 1BR or rent both. Lease term optional. Move in May $450/mo OBO 256-6734 4-16-2 ROCKWOOD VILLAS avail Aug 1, 2005. 3BR/3BA townhouse. Incl W/D, great bus rt to UF. $1100/mo. Call Donna 352-339-3250 4-20-19-2 Apartments & Houses Studio to SBR+ Most within 2 miles of campus! Campus Realty 692-3800 propertymanager@campusrealty.org 5-31-25-2 GREAT HOUSE 4 FALL 3BR/2BA All new appliances incl W/D, micro & DW Huge master br, enclosed porch & 2 car garage $1100/mo 727-514-7194 4-1-5-2 Brandywine large 2BR/2BA partially furn, sec sys, NS, No pets $650/mo Lease required 386-330-5274, 352-373-3418 4-8-10-2 AUGUST RENT FREE Bring your deposit by April 16 Large 2BR, Close to UF & SFCC Short term leases Avail. Open Sat. Ventura Apartments 1902 SW 42nd Way 352-376-5065 4-11-10-2 Fall rentals, walk to campus, 2BR/2BA $500, sign lease now, move in Aug. Edbaurmanagement.com 1731 NW 6th St. 375-7104 ex 355 4-11-10-2 3BR/2BA HOUSE. Fenced backyard, -1900 sq fl, close to campus, hdwd firs, W/D hk ups. Available June 15th. $1300/mo. Call 332-1990 4-4-5-2 LIVE STUDY PLAY Luxury 3BR/3BA Townhomes Free Cable w/ HBO/Sho, Tan, 24 hr gym, Aerobics, W/D, Gated, Pet Friendly, Alarms The Laurels, 3354455 4-20-16-2 LARGE 1 BR APT Hardwood floors, ceiling fans, new appliances & upgrades. Beautiful wooded lot. Close to shopping & UF. Water, sewer included. .$395/mo. Call 352-3735295 4-8-7-2 DUCKPOND AREA HOUSE Avail Aug 1st. Large 4BR/2.5BA, W/D, hardwood floors, fireplace, glassed in porch, util bldg, etc. Bike to campus. $1400/mo, $350/per person. 1st, last, dep. 352-466-0165 4-13-10-2 Three 4BR HOUSES & 1&2BR APTS. Spacious, efficient homes biking distance to campus. Remodeled, Ig fenced yards. Lots of extras. Available now & fall. Call for details. $475-1225/mo. 352-372-4768 6-30-29-2 3BR/'1BA avail April 1st. Convenient to UF, SFC. Nice yard, wood floors, W/ hookup. Short or long lease. 2053 NW 35th Ave. $725/mo Call 318-8822 4-5-4-2 Oakbrook near Arby's on SW 16th Ave. 2Br/1 BA spacious porch/living room. $900$. Biven's Arm on 13th 1BR/1 BA $600$ Call 386-365-7105 or 365-7822 email: unstable-ping@hotmail.com 4-13-10-2 1BR IBA 1Blk to UFI 1218 SW 3rd Avenue Wood Floors, WindowA/C, $400/mo Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1BAApts 1 Block to UF New Carpet, Window A/C, Nat Gas Ht 1210 SW 3rd Avenue $540/mo Call Merrill Management Inc 372-1494 4-7-5-2 3BR 1 BA Home with wood floors Central H & Air, Washer/Dryer Hkups 1100 sq.ft. $725/mo, Off NE 16th Ave. 1050 NE 13th Place. Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 1BR 1BA Apts 1 Blk to UF! $460/mo 1236 SW 4th Ave. Grad l Its Central H & Air, Carpet, molids Water, swg, pest control & garbage Call Merril Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 1 Room Studio, with full kitchen. $450/mo Across from Stadium. Newly Remodeled. Tile Floors, Screened Purch, Great Location. Avail in May. 1806 1/2 NW 2nd Ave. Merrill Management Inc 372-1494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1BAApt, 1 Block to UF, Central H & Air, Tile Floors 1236 SW 1st Ave. $585/mo Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1 BA Apts, $515-525/mo 5 Blks to UFI 840 sq ft 829 Sw 5th Avenue, St Croix Apts Central H & Air, Incids Wtr, Swg, Pst Ctri, Garbage. Call Merrill Managment Inc. 3721494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1 BA $595 1953 NW 31st P1. 2BR 1 BA $595 431 SE 7th St. 359-2000 4-20-14-2 Available Summer & Fall Studios & 1ORs $350 to $750 2BRs & 3BRs $425 to $850 Gore-Rabell Real Estate, Inc. 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 8-23-41-2 Absolutely perfect 3BR/2BA in Millhopper. Convenient to UF & shopping. Huge yard, remodeled interior, wd firs. Truly great house! W/D hkups. No dogs. Prof or grads pref. 2006 NW 36th Terr. $999/mo 215-7199 4-20-14-2 Adorable 2BR/1.5BA cottage on bus line. W/D hkups. No dogs. 2943 NW 6th St. $640/ mo. 215-7199 4-20-14-2 DUCKPOND Historic house, hd wd firs, Ig front porch, lets of charm. Studio & 1 BIR avail. 306 NE 6th St. $400-500/mo. Call 379-4952 4-20-14-2 LIVE IN THE DUCKPOND Avail May 1 or 2 BRs in 3BR/1 BA house. Quiet street. MUST LOVE DOGS. Lease length neg. Can furn. Call Annie 352-2841686 4-8-6-2 C lassif ieds. Continued on next page. 

PAGE 14

12, AjLIGATOR E FRIDAY, APRIL 1,2005 Fo et .Subleases Subleases Subleases Huge 1BR/1BA apt. Great dog home. Huge shared courtyard Has everything, huge walk-in closet. Screened porch, good security.,Avail 5/1. Rent neg. 386-212-5502 4-7-5-2 a lSubleases Apartments Sublets & Roommates All areas. Stu, 1 & 2 Bdrm; $400-1500 Short-Long & Furn-Unfurn 1-(871$ FOR-RENT (367-7368) WWW.SUBLET.COM 4-20-71-3 WALK TO CLASS! $250/mo Nom til Aug. Courtyards 352-328-6967 all included! 2-27-3-3 LOOKING FOR A BARGAIN? Bid on a sublease. call 866-837-1309 or visit WWw.SUbleaSeaUCtion.Com 5-19-43-3 EMERGENCY SUMMER SUBLEASE 2BR/2.5BA townhouse 2 blocks to UF. May Aug $900/mo OBO 352-266-8475 4-20-13-3 LUXURY APARTMENT! 5 min walk to UF/sorority row, bus, F roommate. Avail May-July. ALL utils incl. Furn, ethernet, gym, pool. $400/mo 786-246-3049 4-7-20-3 $350/mo SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA fully furn apt in University Club. Incl 50" TV, hi-spd internet, cable w/HBO, W/D. Call 561-703-3693. 4-1-15-3 1BR/1BA w/W/D hkups, avail 4/29/2005 $525/mo, located in quiet condominium community of Rustic Springs. 1923 NW 23rd Blvd, Apt #122. Josh 317-8776 4-13-20-3 4BR/2BA Avail 5/1 -8/1. 1, 2, 3 or 4 BR @ $415/ea Unfurn. 1 block from Criser. Please call Ashley 772-201-6158 4-7-15-3 Campus Club summer sublease: 1 F in 3BR. $375/mo includes all utilities, cable, ethernet, maid service, 1st stop on bus 12. Option to renew. Call 954-559-8470 ASAP 4-13-19-3 Now/Summer sublease 1/1 in 4/4 utilities + v.,sh/dry + ethernet + cable + full furnish + pool view = DARN GREAT DEAL ONLY $375/month 352-258-3542 4-20-24-3 *@@WALK TO CLASS@@* 1/1 in 2/1 house behind Norman Hall. Great location and very cheap. Avail April 25. Call 262-7200 4-1-10-3 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA available immediately. Pointe West Apts. $285/mo + 1/2 utils. Call 335-8706 4-1-10-3 University Glades Sublease!! SUMMER: May -Aug $440/mo BR w/personal bath in 3/ 3 apt. incl all util. Furniture avail. Call Stacey 352-336-1968 4-1-10-3 Room for summer sublease A, B or C in a beautiful new house. Room is spacious. Huge backyard w/pool. Pets welcome. Rent $450/I MUST seel! Everything included. 786367-7749 4-20-22-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA 2 story posh downtown apt located in heart of G'vlle nite life. Lrg BR & walk-in closet. W/D Avail now thru July. Free dep & $375 cash. Price neg. Call 305-761-6595 4-2-10-3 Available immediately. 1BR/1BA in 3BR house. Close to campus. W/D, great roommates $0 down, $340/mo, negotiable. Call Tim 727-642-0136 4-1-5-3 Sun Key/Sun Island less than 1 mi to UF 1BD/1BA,5480/mth. Fully Furnished, water, cable, internet included Available April 30 -July 31 Call 335-3649 4-1-10-3 2BR sublet avail anytime in April @ The Exchaege.Call Hillary @ 407-928-1315 **Call for move-in incentives!** 4-12-15-3 Posh downtown apt in heart of nightlife. 1BR/lBA, W/D, walk-in closet, loft, May FREE + KEEP sec dep. You take June & July for $400/mo HURRY before its too late! 305778-4856 4-5-10-3 1 BR/1 BA in 2BR/2BA apt avail May lst -Aug 10th at Melrose Apts W/D, utils, ethernet + cable incl in rent. Fully furn. Call Korinne at 305-905-0712 4-12-15-3 1BR/1BA LOFT TOWNHOUSE May 1st thru July 31st. $550/mo. Pool, alarm, pets ok. Near UF, VA & Shands. 3 bus rts. Call 352-262-8558 4-5-10-3 Royal Village 1-4 BR avail.All summer Walk to campus, great pool New furniture & carpet, $400/mo includes all, Call 407-310-3957 4-6-11-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE from May 1 -Aug 10. $299/mo, mci utils, cable, internet, water, pvt BA, 12 x 10 room. MELROSE APT 407-4843204 4-4-8-3 Campus Lodge apts. POOLSIDE 1/1 in 2/2 other room vacant. May-Aug. w/option to renew.'$450/mo furnished, all utils + internet, W/D, Call 352-871-3117 4-7-12-3 Campus Lodge Apts. May rent free. Everything included. $415/mo. From May through August. Call 561-906-5040 4-6-10-3 HUGE ROOM FOR SUBLEASE lBR in 4BR/2BA house in College Park. Huge walkin closet, wood floors, WID, walk to campus, furn common areas. Avail May-Aug $370/mo 739 NW 20th St. 352-219-4911 4-6-10-3 2 rooms available May 1-July 31 in 4/2 house close to law school. $350/mo (plus utils) OBO. Email ceresiqu@ufl.edu or call 850510-4063 or 352-326-4633 4-7-10-3 Summer sublease 1 BR in 3BR house on NW 36th St. W/D, wood floors, w or w/out furn. Avail May 30th. $325/mo + utils. Call 352281-1337 4-7-10-3 1BR/lBA RIGHT ACROSS FROM UF. Available May lst w/option to renew. $445/ mo. Call 813-624-2946 4-6-9-3 **THE EXCHANGE** Rent May-Aug $469/mo price NEG. Pool view, utils incl, female, 1 BR/i BA in 4BR/46A. Call 352-262-7887 4-1-6-3 Summer sublease available -WINDSOR HALL 2 blocks from campus. 1 BR suite $600 utils incl. Laundry room, swimming pool, cable, ethernet. Call 516-650-4037 5-24-24-3 May-Aug. Gainesville Place apt. Gated community 1/1 in 3/3. Clean, easygoing female roommates. Fully furnished. WID. All inclusive. VERY NEGOTIABLE 305785-6373, 352-373-9912 4-4-7-3 $375/mo 1 BR w/STUDY/i BA APT Sublet now -July 31st opt to renew. Credit check required. No deposit. _Located Bevel Apts. Call 256-0501 4-1-5-3 1 minute walk to campus IBR in 4BR townhouse Courtyards Apt. fully furn, May 1--Aug, $399 incl utils. Keep $300 sec dep. Call 407716-0067 4-1-5-3 Luxurious two-story poolside apt. 3BR/3BA, W/D free tanning spa & gym, no parking decals $1,114/month plus utilities. Leave a message @ 262-8341 4-6-8-3 Summer sublease avail 5/6-7/31. 2BR/1BA, $450/mo, furn/unfurn, free cable/hs internet, walk to UF, live alone or w/someone. Call Stephanie 804-512-3913 4-8-10-3 *STONERIDGE MAY-AUG* $250/OBO + 1/2 utils. 850-294-8020. 1 room in 2/2. 4-1-5-3 1 BR/i BA in 4BRI4BA $374/mo, pvt BA, W/D, furn, all utils incl, ethernet, cable, lease from May-Aug, 1st mo 1/2 off. Great Deal! Call 305-469-3372 4-1-5-3 Oakbrook Walk sublease May 1st -31st 2005 for male: full furn, poolside BR/BA in 2/2 w/huge kitchen and living room, W/D, incl util, cable/highspeed, $250, lukas@ufl.edu 352-373-6592 4-1-5-3 Summer sublease. 1BR/lBA in 5BR/5BA, large 2-story house -5 min walk to campus. All utils & internet cable incl. Price negotiable. May thru Aug 954-292-0875 4-1-5-3 2 bedroom, 1.5 bath apartment, partially furnished, utilities not incl, pets welcome. $639 a month.Colonial Oaks SW 21st Pl. Please call Annie 352-514-4216 4-1-5-3 Walk 2 class. Summer Sub. Huge 1 BR/1 BA, pool, W/D, walk-in closet, cable internet @ Museurm Walk. $300 price neg. Call 941-2387118 4-1-5-3 $254/rno, SUMMER SUBLEASE + 1/3 utils, in 3BR/2BA, Aspen Ridge Apt. Please call 813-690-0215 4-1-5-3 $240/mo SUMMER SUBLEASE + 1/3 UTIL 3BR/2BA Boardwalk Apt. Call PK 954-682-5979 or call 904-705-1689 4-1-4-3 lst MONTH FREEl!! 1 BR/i BA in 4BR/4BA apt. May -July Option to rent in fall. $430 utilities included Call Kate 904-654-6464 4-4-5-3 AMAZING Summer Sublease 2BR/2BA in 4BR/4BA. Rent $400/mo EVERYTHING included. Price Negotiable! Campus Lodge Apts. Call 407-492-2574 4-4-5-3 Reduced $450 @ The Exchange Furnished IBR/l BA in 2/2 Kitchen, living room, porch, W/D, Now available. Female please. 772-473-0560. 4-5-5-3 COUNTRYSIDE APT 1BR/lBA in a 4BR/4BA apt, utils, cable, W/ D, dishwasher, FURNISHED. $400/mo OBO. Availabel 5/1 727-656-8207 4-19-15-3 Apt for summerA & B. Sublease 1 BR in 4BR/ 2BA furn University Glades apt. $350/mo all utils incl. (originally $435) M/F for all female apt. Call 386-212-9042 4-5-5-3 CAMPUS LODGE Nicest apt @ UF. 2BR/ 2BA all utils, fully furn, May to Aug. Very clean. Gated community, screened patio. Quiet. Call 372-3788 4-5-5-3 COURTYARDS $300/MO Females only summer A, B, or C, 1 room furnished, right across from campus! Jamie 863-860-5314 4-5-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 2 rooms avail May lst in a 4BR/2BA house. Rent $355/mo + 1/4 utils. W/D, cable modem internet, 2 blocks from campus. Call 352-213-3112 4-20-16-3 May thru Aug sublease at The Exchange. 2BR/2BA in 4BR/4BA. 1BR $469/mo; other BR $489/mo. Everything incl. Rent w/a friend or 1 room by yourself. Call 352-514-1871 4,5-5-3 1BR/l BA, 2BR/2BA, or 3BR/3BA avail fully furn & all utils inc. $465/mo indiv leases. May thru Aug. Aug rent FREE. Price neg. Buses 9 & 34. Call 904-424-2834 4-5-5-3 Homestead Apt Sublease Now thru July 31st, renewal optional. 2 BR/2 BA WID hook-up, pool, gym, bus stops, laundromat, pets ok $679.mo Please call 3782699 or 317-4507 4-5-5-3 Sublease SPYGLASS apt May to July 31. 1 BR/1 BA in 2 BR/2 BA apt. $450/mo OBO everything incl. Fun roommate. Call Katie S. 352-213-5425 4-12-10-3 CAMPUS LODGE 2-3 BRs, pvt bathrooms, vaulted ceiling. Fully furn. Everything incl. free maid service, hi speed internet $514/mo each. Call 352-514-7773 4-5-5-3 Campus Lodge 1 BR/I BA in 3 BR apt. All utils, internet, cable, W/D, furn. included. $390 OBO 352-870-9111 4-5-5-3 Summer sublease avail. 3 blocks to campus. Fabulous location! 1 BR in 2 BR/1 BA. $2601 mo + 1/2 utils. Call 813-368-6801 or email tenessa@ufl.edu 4-12-10-3 $400/mo NEGOTIABLE. The Landings 11 FT x 14 FT bedroom. Everything included. Free tanning, sports courts, poolhouse, Summer. Furniture available. 954-290-8087 4-12-10-3 1BR avail in 2BR townhouse in Miill Run for summer. $299/mo + utils. WID, fully furnished. Pets allowed. 262-2814 4-5-5-3 Summer Sublease @ OXFORD MANOR Furnished 1BR/1BA in 3BR townhouse w/ pool, gym, tanning bed from May 1 -July 31. $470/mo all inc. UF 10 min bus. Contact Ana 305-968-9092 or at anamr@ufl.edu.4-5-4-3 Big Beautiful Historic apt. 1 BR/i BA available now in SE historic district. Water and maintenance incl. $460/mo OBO. Call 262-1484 for directions. 4-5-5-3 Lexington May thru Aug sublease 1 BR/BA in 4BR/BA. Includes util, furn, pool, appliances, bus rt. $900 whole summer. Call Jose 561317-5603, jramos@ufl.edu 4-13-10-3 THE EXCHANGE 1/1 in 2/2 May, June, July. $325/mo incl util, cable i-net, W/D, male, furn, gated, bus rt. Call Hank 904-556-6149 or 904-491-4574 (Steve) 4-20-15-3 Female sublease at Courtyards. 1 bedroom in 4/2 townhouse on 13th. All furn & util included; $399/mo negotiable. Sec dep & lst mo rent free, 514-6408 or murraymd@ufl.edu. 4-20-15-3 Sublease @ The Exchange 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA, fully furn, utils incl. $350/mo, avail May-Aug, call Will 786-247-1177 4-6-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE at University Club. 1 BR/1 BA in 4BR/4BA apt. $360/mo, incl utils, bable, ethernet, furn, WID & more. Call 786423-0445 4-6-5-3 lBR/IBA in 4BRI4BA for May-July 31st. WID, full bed, biggest BR in apt. $325/mo. Two bus routes, 12 and 35, quiet roommates, University Terrace. Call .Ken @ 239-2460683 4-6-5-3 10 SECOND WALK TO UF Looking Glass Apts. Summer sublease $450/ mo negotiable. Drew 561-339-1219 4-6-5-3 Summer Sublease 1BR in 3BR/2.5BA Greenwich Green Apts. $350/mo + 1/3 util. Avail. 5/1-7/31. Call 407-383-0843 4-6-5-3 AUGUST RENT FREE $300/mo + util, W/D, cable, balcony, vaulted ceiling. From May to Aug, female roommate wanted. Contact 305-766-1257 or flip02@ufi.edu 4-5-4-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ THE EXCHANGE 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BR NO DEPOSIT, RENT NEGOTIABLE. Furn, everything incl. Other 2 rooms also avail. Great location. Call Amy @ 352-494-2832, g8ergurl@ufl.edu 4-7-6-3 2BR/2BA Oxford Manor $363 each. Negotiable. W/D, pool, weight room, tanning, 3 bus rts, furniture avail. Call 239-671-3148 or 561-635-8671 4-7-5-3 4BR/4BA avail May -Aug in Campus Lodge. Very negotiable wl price & rental time. VERY CLEAN! Call 561-251-8842 4-7-5-3 University Commons May-Aug Fully furnished 1 BR in 4BR/2BA $295/mo. Aug rent FREE. Call 813-966-8324 4-7-5-3 4 BLOCKS TO UF! lBR/BA avail May -Aug. Fully furn all utils included + internet, W/D, balcony, pool. Rent negotiable 352-262-6824 or mferrol4@ufl.edu 4-7-5-3 GAINESVILLE PLACE $350/mo 1/1 in 4/4 May -Aug. Furn, all utils incl. Female only. Call Camille 407-970-8537 4-7-5-3 Gainesville Place Apts for summer sublease. 1BR/1BA avail in 2BR/2BA all utils, cable, internet, incl. Fully furn. Close to campus. 2 bus stops on prop. Call 386-566-8046, anytime. 4-7-5-3 SUBLEASE 4/14-8/14, 2BR/2.5BA. Many amenities inc. W/D, $649/mo Call 332-5344 4-14-10-3 Gainesville Place 1BR/BA Fully furnished, all utilites included, on 3 bus routes. Lots of amenities! Avail. May -Aug. Rent negotiable! 814-574-4091 4-7-5-3 Summer Sublease May -July 31. Furn 1BR/ 1BA in 3BR/3BA at Hidden Lake. $510/mo incl W/D, ethernet, gym, pool, tanning bed & cable. On bus route 8. Call 904-622-6263 4-14-10-3 Summer sublease at University Glades 1BR/lBA in 3BR/3BA. Huge walk-in closet! Furniture optional. Price negotiable. Call 954-529-5223 4-7-5-3 1BR/1BA avail May-Aug. Aug free. $400/ mo fully furnished, ethernet, utilities, cable included. Rent neg. Call 727-433-1607 414-10-3 (5/1 -8/6) 3+ spaces available. Sorority Row $300/mo includes: util/ethernet/cable/housekeeping trimarkproperties.com/ivy-house/ ALDummar@yahoo.corn 4-5-3-3 ROYAL VILLAGE APT. For only $350/month + 1/4 electric! 1 BR in a 4BR/2BA. Females only. Available NOW! Call 561-234-9220 4-7-5-3 DOWNTOWN sublease May/June/July Arlington Sq. w/pool -1 min to clubs 1 BR w/bath in 3BR townhouse Other roommates away for summer Now ONLY $450/mo 352-222-7797 4-1410-3 mates Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-20-71-4 Female roommate for one/two female UF students. Quiet. Resposible. 60 second walk to UF. Old house charm with all amenities. Avail Now. $400 -up. 352-538-2181.Lv message. Private Owner 4-20-71-4 Female roommates wanted brand new 2100 sq ft home. Huge pool, pvt fence, minutes to UF. Internet, HBO cable, sec alarm & utils incl $525/mo.Avail Fall. Call Jacqueline 352395-7462 or 941-780-3526 4-20-71-4 Sublets and Rooms Available All Florida Areas; All Major Cities Browe available Rooms FREEl ww.METROROOMMATES.coin 1-(877)-For-Rent (367-7368) 4-20-71-4 M/F NS Grad student/professional wanted to rent furn room in gorgeous new house 1.5 mi to Shands. Kitchen, LR, laundry $425+ utils 336-5450 or 954-646-1341 4-20-71-4 GIRLS ONLY 2 rooms one April, one May to July 31. Each w/pvt baths. Cent AC, W/D, cable incl. internet-ready. $350/mo each. 305-299-3485 Call 352-472-9778 4-6-30-4 

PAGE 15

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 N ALLIGATOR, 13 Roommates Roommates A Roommates Roommates Rodmmates Grad, uppperclassman, or prof to share spacious new 3BR/2BA house. Internet & cable inc. Must be neat, clean & responsible. $450 or 425/mo + 1/2 utils. Short or long term avail. 262-3989 4-4-26-4 2BR/1BA SW 5th Ave by Credit Union/ Norman Hall/hospital/buses for city/UF. Laundry/AC/furniture/c-fans. $300 + half util. Quiet/considerate F/M? Call 337-9746 4-5-20-4 Avail May 2 rooms in Ig house, 1 blk from 13th & University, $300 + split util, sec dep, NS, no pets. Contact sor20@yahoo.com or leave message at 352-870-7256 4-20-28-44BR/4BA Univ Terr W Condo -Immed Occ -Room rental basis -Perfect for sutednts with or without roommates! $375/mo per rm, utilities & broadband pd, bus to campus! Call 239-537-5100 4-8-20-4 1 Female, responsible, NS, student wanted for 3BR/2BA house. A/C, W/D, pet friendly, close to UF & SFCC, 1st & last mo rent. $300/mo + 1/3 utils. Call Liz 352-339-5463 4-12-20-4 2BR avail in 4BR/4BA condo in Countryside. W/D in apt, 32" TV, walk-in closets, pool, gym, e-net $400/mo incl electric & cable. 1 MONTH FREE W/LEASE 305-944-3600 4-20-26-4 Avail NOW Great location 1 BR/1 BA in 3BR/ 3BA, Washer and dryer, high spd internet, $308/mo + until. Females only, please call Lauren @ 352-799-3726 Iv message. 412-20-4 Room w/pvt bath avail mins from UF, Shands, etc. Spacious luxury house has fireplace, pvt billards room, hard wood floors throughout., new appliances. $495/mo. Call Anthony 337-1330 4-11-22-4 N/S ROOMMATE needed for fall and/or summer for 3BR home near mall. Located in quiet wooded area. $350/mo EVERYTHING INCLUDED. Must love dogs. 352-262-9630 4-1-12-4 **4 BLOCKS TO CAMPUS** Large house w/pool, wood floors, big rooms. 2BRs available Aug 1st. Wireless. $450/mo + utils ea. Corey 904-234-5214 or 352-3739015 4-15-20-4 Roommate wanted for a 3BR/2BA house 1.5 miles from campus. $430/mo everything included. Call Amy 352-219-5780 4-4-10-4 1 BR w/pvt BA at Countryside, Prefer female, $425/mo to begin Aug 1st. Includes internet & utilities. 561-512-7733 or 561-575-3821 4-5-10-4 TWO MORE MALES to share large 4/2 w/2 other males. Completely remodeled apt w/2 living rooms, wet bar, W/D incl, back yard w/table. $265 plus security. Call Karl 3325030 4-4-10-4 M/F, NS needed to share 2BR/2.5BA Southfork Oaks townhome. (near Target). Unfurn master BR w/own BA avail. W/D. No pets. $347/mo + 1/2 utils. No lease. Call Even 335-9714 4-1-7-4 1 Room in 3BR/2BA condo. Avail May 1 for summer & possibly fall. Prefer F, NS. $350/ mo + share utils. W/D incl. Common areas turn. Marchwood Condos -Good location close to UF 813-973-5058 or 352-337-1534 4-6-10-4 Unfurn BR for rent in brand new, spacious condo w/2 female UF students. NW 55th St Call Lisa for details @ 352-514-1763 4-20-19-4 ROCKWOOD VILLAS 2 ROOMS AVAILABLE PVT BA $425/mo incl all utils, on major bus rt, quiet, comfortable, a place to call home. Call 352-284-2810 for more info. 4-8-10-4 Quiet F, N/S, grad/upperclass wanted for 2BR/2BA @ Oak Forest Apts. Only 7 mins to campus![l $330 + 1/2 utilities. Call Devina at at 954-336-0651 after 7pm :) 4-1-5-4 SUMMER SPECIAL Females for 1-2 BR in 3/2 house 3 blocks to LIF, Shands, VA. Pete ok, fern opt, Reg $375, avail now $275 + utils & dep. Jen 466-4853 msg. 4-4-6-4 1 Room avail in spacious 3/2 house w/ new furn, new appliances, wireless internet, etc. Quiet neighborhood. Perfect location. $400/ mo + 1/3 utils. Call Kace for details 941224-7168 or email kaceking@yahoo.com 4-1-5-4 2M roommates needed for 3BR Millpond twnhs fully furn; king beds, hi spd net, cable, W/D, pool, near UF, on UF bus rt, $450 & 1/3 util, Chris 407-340-8585 or email csmith3672@aol.com 4-20-18-4 Two female roommates wanted for a 3/2 house near 34th and Univ. $345 a month plus utilities. Call Katie at 514-5985 for more info. House has big yard and large deck. 4-4-5-4 **BR 4 $250/mo. 3 avail. Cent A/C, wood floor, small .yard, cable ready in 3BR/2BA WALK TO CLASS!! Porch & shed, 2 parking spots, 102 NW 7th Terr. Furn opt 4 free ********352-494-5430******** 4-4-5-4 ROCKWOOD VILLAS $350/mo + 1/3 utile. 2BR/2BA avail in 3BR/ 3BA townhouse. Wood floors, washer/dryer, high-speed internet. Call Colleen 954-8575297 4-12-10-4 CIassifieds. Continued on next page. 

PAGE 16

14, AJ LIGATORE FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 ommates Rea state Real Estate C terI r e 2 Female Roommates in 4/2 house in quiet NW neighborhood large yard, sunroom. NS/drug. Must be clean and responsible $400 j-1/4 util. Email 123daisy@excite.6om 4-12-10-4 Female wanted. Prof, college student, NS, 2BR/1BA 1300 sq ft $380/mo W/D, incl. Close to UF & Duckpond. Avail 6/1 Ask for Michelle 813-997-6600 4-12-10-4 Female dental student looking for roommate in a 2/2 house in SW Gainesville. Clean, cozy, fugn house with all amenities. $450/mo inci everything. Call for more details 352870-7983 4-5-5-4 2 females looking for a 3rd in a beautiful 3BR/3BA condo located in prime residential area. 15 min from UF. Close to park-n-ride. Large kitchen & living room, patio, internet, cable TV & W/D, community pool. $450/mo 727-399-0574 4-12-10-4 NS, mature, responsible, upper classman or grad student for own room & bath in large quiet home only 8 blocks north of campus. Rent incl all utils, W/D, wireless & cable. $500/mo 727-433-0229 4-5-5-4 Roommate Wanted: Large 2/1 apartment on 13th next to Norman Hall. $320/ms plus 1/2 utilities, lease ram July -July. Female preferred, cool person required. 514-6408 or murraymd@ufl.edu 4-20-15-4 Looking for roommate to rent master BR in nice clean relaxed environment. New wood floors & appliances, no move-in or application fees. $350 + 1/3 utils. Call Ryan 850261-3571 4-6-5-4 Loft BR $250/mo big old house in NW. Remodeled, hardwood fIrs, new kitchen & baths, great yard, close to UF. Great roommates, DSL, good parking. Stephanie 3719409 4-13-10-4 Female roommate needed for NW 39th Ave home $475/mo, all utilities incl, internet, fully furnished, private BR, W/D. Avail. ASAP 8705291 4-6-5-4 Roommate needed for 1BR/1BA in 2BR/ 2.5BA condo on SW 20th Ave. Summer sublease or full year lease, $315/$385/mo. Female only, NS. Call Katherine 262-9588 4-6-5-4 4BR/2BA HOUSE $450/mo utils incl. Avail now. Furnished. Call 321-438-4295 4-7-5-4 Female Roommates Needed for 3BR/2BA house. Pets welcome! Everything included in $450 rent! Furn available, wireless internet, digital cable, W/D and much more. Please call Kathryn @ 352-367-9376 or 352-2463553 4-14-10-4 Roommate needed to share beautiful 3/2 house in NW Gainesville. Min to UF. Fully furn, pets welcome. Huge fenced yard, W/D, DW. Available immediately. Vicky at 386848-5620 4-7-5-4 LUXURY TOWNHOUSE 2BR/2.5BA. W/D, fully furn. (all brand new), pool, gym. F roommate needed. N/S, serious student. $425/mo + 1/.2 utils (free ethernet) lv msg 786-2463049 4-7-5-4 Real Estate Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach over 24,000 possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone. Please Call 373-Find Quad-, Tri-, or Duplex w/pvt parking, extra land, 60 sec walk to UF. Exc cond. House 3/4BR, 2BA, wd firs, covered prch, concrete patio.,garage/work-shop. Pvt Owner. 352538-2181 lv mssg 4-20-71-5 NEW COMPANY IN GAINESVILLE looking to buy or lease houses in this area. Any size, price or condition. 352-264-7347 or visit us at www.happygatorhomes.com 4-20-71-5 The Flavor of New Orleans comes to campus. Luxurious St. Charles Condominiums. 1 block to UF. Choose from 2BR/2BA flats, or vievythe University from your 3BR/3BA townhouse. Prices starting in the $180's 375-8256 4-20-71-5 ARE YOU INTERESTED IN PURCHASING A HOUSE OR CONDO NEAR UF? Plenty of properties are available. Call Marc J. Nakleh at Campus Realty 352-235-1576 4-20-68-5 WANT ALL YOUR FRIENDS TO BE JEALOUS OF YOU NEXT YEAR? Own + live in a new luxury campus:area condo. Over 10 new projects to choose from at affordable prices. Visit www.mattpricerealtor.com or call today 352-281-3551 Matt Price Campus Realty 4-6-42-5 HOT STUDENT CONDOS NEAR UF Save Thausandus When You Buy Nom. FREE LIST of Great Local Condos. www.UF-Condos.com Campus Realty Group 6-3-40-5. 1BR/1 BA LOFT CONDO ELEGANT BOHEMIAN STYLE. Interior features a customized kitchen, bath & balcony, convt to UF, Shands, VA & mall. Amp. pking. $73,800 352-222-2942 photos.yahoo.com/ dgmatt45 4-20-28-5 Townhouse 3BR/2BA. Close to UF. On busrt: Quiet location. Dish/W, W/D, tile kitchen, living/dining area. Fenced backyard. Pool. $140,000 352-284-6154 4-5-15-5 Great Homes Near UF STOP Renting. Own Your Home. FREE LIST of Campus Area Homes www.Homes-Near-UF.com Campus Realty Group 6-3-34-5 FOR SALE OR RENT TO OWN -GET READY FOR SUMMER -ADORABLE LAKE HOUSE on spring-fed pvt lake in Keystone Hgts. 2/2, large lot. Avail now. $129,950. Call *379-0619 4-20-20-5 HORSE PROPERTY Lease-to-own or owner financing. 3BR/ 2.5BA, 2091 sq ft. 3.86 acres, block & stucco, fireplace, $2150/mo + down. Owner licensed realtor Michael Quinones 376-2433 4-20-19-5 CUTE 2BR/2BA CONDO. Quiet neighborhood conv to mall & UF. End unit. High ceilings. Loft style master BR w/separate study. $95,500. Call 352-246-1802 4-8-6-5 BEAUTIFUL NORTH CAROLINA. WINTER SEASON IS HERE! MUST SEE THE BEAUTIFUL PEACEFUL MOUNTAINS OF WESTERN NC MOUNTAINS. Homes, Cabins, Acreage & Investments. Cherokee Mountain Realty GMAC Real Estate, Murphy www.cherokeemountainrealty.com Call for Free Brochure (800)841-5868. 4-1-1-5 LAND WANTED Land Investment company seeks large acreage in Florida and Georgia. Interested in waterfront, timber, and agricultural lands. Must have road frontage or good access. Cash buyer with quick closings. Call (877)426-2326 or email: landyetiveg@aol.com. 4-1-1-5 ATTENTION INVESTORS: Waterfront lots in the Foothills of NC. Deep water lake with 90 miles of shoreline. 20% predevelopment discounts and 90% financing. NO PAYMENTS for 1 year. Call now for best selection. ww.nclakefrontproperties.com (800)709LAKE. 4-1-1-5 GATED MOUNTAIN COMMUNITY NEAR ASHEVILLE, NC Spectacular wooded lotsgreat views! Paved roads, clubhouse, worldclass trout fishing, hiking trails & more! Bear River Community. (866)411-5263. 4-1-1-5 SERENE MOUNTAIN GOLF HOMESITE $208.03/MO. Upscale Golf Community set amid Dye designed 18 hole course in Carolina Mountains. Breathtaking views. Near Asheville NC. A sanctioned Golf Digest Teaching Facilityl Call toll-free (866)3343253 ext 832 wvww.cherokeevalleysc.com Price: $59,900, 10% down, balance financed 12 months at 4.24% fixed, one year balloon, OAC. 4-1-1-5 COASTAL GEORGIAGATED COMMUNITY Large wooded water access and marshfront homesites. Ancient Live oaks, pool, tennis, golf. Water access. From $64,900. Pre-construction discounts. www.cooperspoint.com (877)266-7376. 4-1-1-5 NORTH CAROLINA LAKEFRONT Awesome Views, fishing & much more. Huge. Lake. 1-2 ac from $39,900. Call for details, MLC (866)920-5263. 4-1-1-5' LAKE VIEW BARGAIN $29,900. Free boat slip! High elevation, beautifully wooded parcel. Across from national forest on 35,000 acre recreational lake in TN. Paved roads, u/ g utils, central water, sewer, more. Excellent financing. Call now (800)704-3154, ext. 608. Sunset Bay, LLC. 4-1-1-5 Grand Opening Land Sale! SO. FLORIDA 10+ ACRES Only $294,900. Huge savings on big ranch acreage in South Florida! Gorgeous mix of mature oaks, palms, & pasture. Miles of bridle paths. Near Lake Okeechobee. Quiet,secluded, yet close to 1-95 & coast. Also, 5 acres $174,900. Great financing, ltle down. Call now. (866)3522249 x379. 4-1-1-5 FORECLOSED GOVT HOMES $0 or Low down!/Tax repos and bankruptcies! No Credit O.K. $0 to low down. For listings (800)5011777 ext. 1299. 4-1-1-5 Furnis hin g s BED-Queen, orthopedic, firm, extra thick, pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Sacrifice $150. Call 352-3727490 will deliver. 4-20-71-6 BED -FULL SIZE ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattreus & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Sacrifice $140. Call 352-377-9846 4-20-71-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $2300. Sacrifice $550 352-372-7490 4-20-71-6 BED -King Pillowtop mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic wlth warranty. Sell $230. Call 352-372-8588 Can deliver. 420-71-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed. Cost $1500, sacrifice $550 352-271-5119 4-2071-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1400 (352) 372-7490 4-20-71-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Call 352-377-9846 4-20-71-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-372-8588 4-2071-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. Brand new, all unused in box. Sell $199 can deliver. 352-377-9846 4-20-71-6 BedsOFull mts press & boxspring3 ets $4900n sets OfigOSingle sets $39OKing sets $99SFrom estate sale: Safe pine bunk bed $109. 376-0939/378-0497. Call a Mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave 4-20-71-6 DIAL-A-WASH ER Washer & Dryer 1 yr lease $300, 1 semester $160. Call 332-0602 or 3183721 4-5-20-6 Dresser $35, queen sz bed $60, sofa $60, 19" color TV $40, dorm fridge sm $40, VHS movie camera $65, lawnmower $60, electric mower $60, musical cuckoo clock $65. Call 335-5326 4-1-3-6 4-PIECE BEDROOM SET Includes: bed, dresser w/attached mirror, nightstand armoire. Sacrifice at $325 OBO. 419-799-9181 Eric 4-1-3-6 FOOSEBALL TABLE Excellent Cond $700 OBO. 372-1138 (afternoon or 378-5524 4-7-5-6 W& )gtk., Hotu c4a1 8-23-170-7 Computer HELP fast! A+ Computer Geek House/dorm 59 min response. No waiting/ unplugging/hassels. $10 Gator Discount. M/F Cert MCSE technicians. 333-8404. www.AComputerGeek.com 8-23-170-7 *G'Ville Computer Repair InC* Service on all PC MAC and Networks 1204 NW 13th St Ste #10 352-337-2500. 4-2071-7 COMPUTER SOLUTIONS, INC. Complete residential & commercial support, networking & website -development. $45/hr www.gainesvillecsi.com 371-2230 4-20-71-7 LAPTOP REPAIR Buy & sell. Looking for quantity for parts. www.pcrecycle.biz 336-0075 4-20-71-7 "COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS" Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-20-71-7 Computr/IInternet 352.219.2980 4-20-66-7 GATORNERD.COM -computer/laptop repair -networks, wireless, virus -we BEAT all prices home/dorm 352-219-2980 4-20-66-7 Electoics DISCOUNT HI-Fl 722 S. Main I The Red Bldg WE ARE CHEAPER 4-20-71-8 $101 TV'S, COMPUTERS, VIDEO GAMESt Police Seized! From $10l Info: 800-7498128 ext M974 4-20-31-8 FREE 4-ROOM DIRECTV SYSTEM includes standard installation. 2 MONTHS FREE 50+ Premium Channels. Access to aver 225 channels! Limited time offer. S&H. Restrictions Apply.(866)5004056 4 -11 8 U Bicycles In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds. NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE Many to choose from Best Prices in Townl SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W University Ave 4-20-69-9 M For Sale PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-20-71-10 PARTY SUPPLIES: Complete line of bar supplies, glassware, beer taps, draft beer equipment. Professional cooking utensils. R.W.Beaty Co. 4322 NW 13th St, Gville RWBEATY.COM 376-5939. 4-20-71-10 Come see what's new! GCM thrift shops downtown 238 SW 4th Ave, NW 5001 NW 34th St. Get more bang for your$! New items daily Mon -Sat 378-3654 4-20-43-10 NEW COURIER BAG BY COLUMBIA SPORTS, black, $40. Call Richard 3746927 4-1-3-10 SUNFISH SAILBOAT 14' w/trailer. Good condition. $150 871-7012 4-6-4-10 SPA. Must Sell. 7 Person Deluxe. Never Used. Includes Cover. Will Deliver. Full Warranty. Can Finance W.A.C. Payments Under $100 per Month. In a Hurry. Call (800)980-.7727. 4-1-1-10 HATE RUST STAINS? New Super Strong Formula Stop Irrigation RUST! Use your existing system Controls Heavy Iron Stains (866)343-9515 www.UNRUST.com. 4-11-10 Steel Arch Buildings! Genuine SteelMaster(trademark) Buildings, factory direct at HUGE Savings! 20x24, 30x60, 35x50. Perfect Garage/Workshop/Barn. Call (800)341-7007. www.SteelMasterUSA.com. 4-1 -1 -10* STEEL BUILDINGS. Factory Deals Save $$$. 40 x 60' to 100 x 200'. Example: 50 x 100 x 12' = $3.60/sq ft. (800)658-2885 www.rigidbuilding.com. 4-1-1-10 PIONEER BUILDING SALE! "Rock. Bottom Prices!" Beat Next Price Increase. Go direct/ save. 20x26. 25x30. 30x40. 30x44. 35x5O. 40x60. 45x90. 50x100. 60x180. Others. Pioneer (800)668-5422. 4-1-1-10 METALROOFING SAVE $$$ Buy Direct From Manufacturer. 20 colors in stock with all Accessories. Quick turn around! Delivery Available Toll Free (888)393-0335. 4-1-1-10 ALL CASH CANDY ROUTE Do you earn $800/day? 30 Machines, Free Candy All for 9,995. (800)814-6323 B02000033. CALL US: We will not be undersold! 4-1-1-10 #1 CASH COW! 90 Vending Machine Hd. You approve Loc's-$10,670 (800)836-3464 #B02428. 4-1-1-10 MOtorcyle, Mopeds ** SCOOTERS ** RPM MOTORCYCLES INC SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-20-71-11 Swamp Cycles Electric Bikes, Scooters, and more! Prices from $450 with lyr warranty 534 SW 4th Ave. 373-8823 www.swampcycles.com 4-20-70-11 *NEW SCOOTERS 4 LESS* New location now open 1901 NW 67th Place 352-336-1271 www.neWscooters4less.com Best prices in Gainesville. Owned by Gator grads. All models & directions avail on website. 4-20-50-11 2003 BUELL BLAST 500 cc 7960 mi, fun ride. $2795. Call 352-256-8527 4-1-15-11 ** CASH PAtD FOR MOTORCYCLES ** SCOOTERS, DIRT BIKES in ANY condition, Running or Not, Titles orNot. PROMPT PICK UP. CatI ANYTIME 352-495-7769 Please leave message 5-24-25-11 ***SOLANO CYCLE*** Scooters from $599. Largest section KYM-O, Vents, Hyosung, Keen & many others. Financing avail. 3550 SW 34th St. 338-8450 solanocycle.com 8-15-43-11 BMW R60/5 1972 Garage kept. 14,000 miles. $1250/OBO Call 665-9381 4-20-14-11 WiZ Autos FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CAR* ORunning or not!* NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS 0Over 10 yr svc to UF students *Call Don @ 215-7987 4-20-71-12 CARS -CARS BuyOSellTrade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-20-71-12 

PAGE 17

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 E AL LIGATQR, 15 AutosWAI Zs Wanied HelpWanted HeJp Wted **FAST CASH PAID** For: CARS, TRUCKS, MOTORCYCLES Running or Not 1990 & up only Call Ray 352-284-8619 4-20-71-12 OVER 50 IMPORTS UNDER $10,000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.selectmotorcar.us 4-20-71-12 Best Cars 9 Lowest Prices www.39thaveimports.com 4-20-71-1212 *HEADLINERS SAGGING?* **Power windows don't work?** On site available Call Steve 338-5142. 4-20-71-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES Bring your W2 & drive hom today. Cash cars as low as $1000. No credit check. Call now 338-1999 4-20-63-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES We finance anyone! $2000 discount off 5inance price. More than 150 vehicles in stock. Call 338-1999 Drive today! 4-20-63-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES All vehicles $0 down & up! Plus +++ 30 day warranty eng & trans. No credit check. Call 338-1999 4-20-63-12 (D 0. %M '88 Honda Accord $699 '86 Buick LeSabre $799 '88 Toyota Corolla $899 '90 Acura Legend $999 (352) 338-1999 4-20-45-12 '90 Chevy Lumina Van $1499 '93 Chevy Blazer $1499 '90 Ford F-150 $2499 '93 Chrysler New Yorker $1999 (352) 338-1999 4-20-45-12 1991 MIATA Racing green convertible wltan interior. 4ertect condition. If interested call 379-0619 4-20-20-12 2003 Chevy Cavalier LS 15,000 mi $7750. 2001 Chevy Cavalier 5.000 mi $5500. Needed: Musicians, Media Talents, Multimedia, Video, Graphics, Lead Guiter, Drums, Keyboards, Rhythm, Fiddle, Horns & others. for Christian ministry. Email shanecravenwsc@aol.com 4-1-10-13 WANTED: NEED DELTA FREQUENT FLYER MILES for international trip. 25,000 -100,000 miles. Contact jschert@gru.net. 4-1-3-13 WANTED: TUTOR NATIVE SPEAKING THAI. For conversational lang lessons. BKK/Central dialect. Flex sched. Call 372-7711 4-7-5-13 Help Wanted Call Daniel 352-328-6161 4-1-5-12 This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts FOR SALE 3 TOYOTA VANS made through advertising. We suggest that 89 -8784. All for $500. 89 Runs. Call 377any reader who responds to advertising use 7867 or 372-5237 4-1-5-12 caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings Wantedd k d a ll W nted the independent florida LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: GOLD allihn tor DIAMONDS, GEMS, CLASS RINGS, ETC OH Utwi urnii-nmuu ULLO,~ 1m' TOP CASH $ OR TRADE. OZZIE S FINE JEWELRY. 373-9243 4-20-71-13 On-going VOLUNTEER needed: Blind lady needs trans on Sundays only to Mass @ Queen of Peace Catholic Church or St. Augustine Catholic Church. For more info call 219-6948. I live in the Tower Rd area. 4-20-742-13 C C 0 0* *0 Cu CE) *0 IC, U) 05 L. az) I1 -, I ADVERTISING SECRETARY Enthusiastic, positive attitude, detail oriented, organized individual needed to coordinate daily office procedures. Must work well under pressure meeting daily deadlines. Possess excellent customer service skills. Duties include some procedural training with a constantly changing student sales staff. Modest salary, good benifits, and excellent working environment. With resume, send cover letter that must include salary requirements -for you to be considered for an interview. Send to Assistant General Manager, The Independent Florida Alligator, POB' 14257, Gainesville, FL, 32604. No phone calls please. EOE. Evening Newpaper Production Applications are now being accepted for editorial production at the Independent Florida Alligator. Applicants should be available two to three nights a week between 6:00 pm and 1 am, Sunday through Thursday. Production duties include layout and design. Experience is preferred on software applications, Adobe Indesigs, Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat. A one-year commitment is expected. Please include references and availability on application. All previous applicants are encouraged to reapply. Fill out application at thh front desk of the Alligator, 1105 W. University Ave. between 9am and 4pm, M-F. Ask for the production application. Equal Opportunity Employer. the independent florida allig ator .0 AD GRAPHIC DESIGNER The Alligator Production department is accepting student applications for the position of Ad Graphic Designer. Starting with Summer Semester. Will train, but experience is preferred with Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, and Acrobat. Friendly work environment, flexible schedule, with hours between 9AM and 5PM Mon -Fri. Fill out an application at the front desk of The Alligator, 1105 W. University Ave, Mon-Fri 9AM-5PM.InIcude available work schedule and references. Previous applicants are welcome to reapply with current schedule. EOE LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, pers ref. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-20-71-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard working person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. Wll train, PT to start with more hrs possible. Start at $5.50/hr. Flex hirs. Please call 4959024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-20-71-4 CNA CLASS: -Learn @ your own time and pace. Everything you need to be a CNA and pass the state exam is on VCR tape. 95% pass the state exam the 1st time! $200. Call 800-566-4913 Hrs: 12N to 5PM 4-20-71-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 Call now! 420-71-14 Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and IT needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/ employment 4-20-68-14 University of Florida Survey Research Center 392-2908 ext. 105 $7/hr + BONUS + Paid Training Nights + Weekends -Telephone Interviewing NO SALES Must work summer breaks. 408 W. UniversityAve Suite #106 4-20-71-14 5$ STUDENTS GET CASH $ For gently used brand name Clothing/accessories & furniture $Cash on the Spot$ SANDY'S No appti necessary! 2906 NW 13th St 372-1226 420-71-14 HIRING KITCHEN STAFF & DRIVERS FT or PT, flexible schedules. Call 2-5pin 3782442 or come in and fill out an application @ California Chicken Grill 2124 SW 34th St Mon-Fri 4-20-71-14 BARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-20-71-14 SECRET SHOPPERS Needed for evaluations of Local Stores, Restaurants and Theaters Flexible Hours, E-mail required Call 1-800-585-9024 ext 6254 4-20-71-14 AUDITORS for local growing inventory service. FT/PT, DFWP. Paid training. Call 352-367-4608. www.aicscompanies.com 4-20-83-14 Mortgage lender has sales positions avail for college students seeking prof work exp. $8-9/hr + bonus. No exp req'd, flex hrs. Apply in person biwn 4-Spin Mon-Fri 1900 SW 34 St Ste 206 (2nd fir above credit union)4-2070-14 DOMINO'S PIZZA World's largest pizza delivery company now hiring Delivery Drivers Pizza makers Phone order takers $9 -$14/hr All you need is a reliable car & a very positive attitude. Apply @ any of the 5 Domino's locations in Gainesville. 4-20-70-14 Attention Smokers! Earn about $6/hr. Smokers are needed to participate in a study on decision making & smoking. If interested come to the psychology bldg room 397 or call 392-0601 ext 297 4-20-63-14 DRIVERS NEEDED gatorfood.com. Can earn anywhere between $8-$20/hr. Set your own schedule. Call Dave for info: 379-9600 4-8-55-14 OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR needed. Gatorfood.com is looking for responsible, enthusiastic people. City geography knowledge, customer svc. exp helpful. Room for advancement For more info: David 379-3663 4-8-55-14 CASH Tired of sitting around w/out it? Sit here & make it! UF FLORIDA REPDIALS seeks UF students to raise funds. Earn up to $8.00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedule. Apply at 105 NW 16th St. 4th Floor. Academic Classroom Building 105, or call 392-7754 for more info. 4-20-63-14 Finance company needing office assistant & collections associate. Young, progressive company w/advancement & bonuses. 25 hrs/wk. Start immediately. Fax rescime to 352-378-4156 5-19-63-14 SUMMER JOBS 0$2100 Co-Ed Camp Seven Weeks Room and Board Included. GET PAID TO PLAY! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEY() needs male and female Summer Camp Counselors ages 18 and up. FEYC is an overnight camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL The camp runs June 6 -July 23. Please contact Krys Ragland at 1-800-523-1673 ext. 250 or 352-669-9443 ext 250. 4-20-58-14 SECRETARY needed. Gatorfood.com is looking for personable, responsible, enthusiastic, fun people. Customer service exp helpful. For more info call David 379-3663 4-8-44-14 GET PAID for YOUR OPINIONS! Earn $15-$125 and more per survey! wwwmoneyforsurveyscom 4-20-58-14 Web developer wanted. HTML, CSS, motivated. 1 year minimum, portfolio a must, graphic skills preferred. Contact alallen@ufl.edu 4-20-42-14 Flash programmer wanted. Animation action script, graphic experience, portfolio a must, 1 year minimum. Contact alallen@ufl.edu 4-20-42-14 EARN $60 THIS WEEK! Donate Plasma & Save a Life $$$$$$$$$$$$ Best part-time job you'll ever have. NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St. 352-378-9204 4-20-40-14 Web Programmer -asp, asp.net, vb script, c#, SQL knowledge. E-mail resume to jobs@352media.com 4-20-43-14 *DANCERS NEEDED* Private dance co. Great for students. Great pay, fast cash & flexible hours. Call to start today! 378-3312 4-12-20-14 *SUMMER WORK* College Credit Possible $672/wk 888-362-2635 ext 251 for more info. 4-2032-14 SAT/ACT tutor to help develop on-line study program. Contact 352-375-0772 Ext 122 or forward resume to hr@gleim.com www.gleim.com 4-5-20-14 WANTED: PT barn help in exchange for living accomodations. Exp needed. Micanopy area. Silber Ridge Stables 352-361-1454 4-12-25-14 GREAT PAY FOR PEOPLE WHO STAY! Park Place Car Wash looking for hard workers all positions. Cashiers (full day availablity) & line workers. (am 8:30-1 & pm 12-6 shifts avail) 15-40hrs your choice. Great work environment. Apply: 7404 NW4th Blvd. By Home Depot. No phone calls please. 420-31-14 $1380 weekly stuffing envelopes. FT/PT. No experience necessary. For more info call 386-462-9301 4-8-20-14 CAMP COUNSELORS -Gain valuable experience while having the summer of a lifetime. Counselors, needed for Putdoor Adventure, Arts, Aquatics & more in the Pocono Mtns of Pennsylvania. Apply on line @ www.pineforestcamp.com 4-20-26-14 EBAY POWER SELLER WANTED 8 hrs daily. $1000-$2000/mo. Resume to behrus3000@hotmail.com. Need perfect ebay selling experience. 514-7773 4-5-1514 Classifieds. Continued on next page. 

PAGE 18

16, A LIGATOR N FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 Hel WatedHel WatedHel WatedHelp Wanted Help Wanted Customer Service rep wanted. MS Office Experience required. Permanent Full-Time Position. Contact: Jackson Industries, 4001 Newberry Rd, E4, Gvl or info@jacksonllc.com 5-24-30-14 O2BKIDS searching for dance team, gymnastic & pre-school teachers leads w/CDA, as well as housekeepers for all locations. FT/ PT positions avail. Apply within. 4-6-15-14 BABYSITTERS & NANNIES NEEDED. Set your own pay & schedule. Visit www.4sitters.com 4-1-11-14 Spend your summer making a difference in the lives of underprivileged boys and girls ages 10-15. Florida Sheriffs Youth Ranches Camping Services is hiring full-time and temporary staff for summer camp and mobile day camp programs. Activities include canoeing, arts & crafts, bikes, horseback riding, archery, team sports, high and low ropes course. and skits. Employment dates May 21 -August 5. Pre-camp training includes First Aid, CPR, Lifeguard, and NCI. We will be at UF conducting interviews on March 8, 30 and April 11th. Call Mike Brannan at 352447-2259 for more information. EOE/DFWP 4-20-24-14 Girl Scout Camp hiring counselors, lifeguards,,nurses, boating instructor, arts/crafts director, equestrian staff. Min age 18. Salary + meals & housing. 8 wks, 5/30 -7/23. Call 800-347-2688 or email jcarr@girlscouts-gateway.org. EOE 4-1820-14 TOP BOYS SPORTS CAMP IN MAINE! PLAY & COACH SPORTS HAVE PUN *MAKE $$$ CAMP COUNSELOR POSITIONS AVAILABLE IN OVER 18 SPORTS & ACTIVITIES FOR SUMMER 2005. CHECK IT OUT AND APPLY ONLINE NOW: WWW.CAMPCOBBOSSEE.COM 4-20-22-14 Groundskeepers FT, PT Custodial duties/Apt Maint Transportation req. DFWP EEO 220 N Main 375-2152 x301 4-20-22-14 Leasing Consultant, FT, PT Energetic Attitude Cust. Serv. Exp. DFWP EEO 220 N. Main 375-2152 x301 4-20-22-14 Runner for law firm Experienced only, must own vehicle, PT, M-F, 12 -5:30, fax resume to 352-376-4645 4-4-10-14 Accounting Tutor. I will pay well for your time to help student taking accounting at SFCC thru April. Must have taken "managerial accting" or have a degree in accounting. Fax 352-335-8566, or stevegvl@hotmail.com 4-8-14-14 Camp Counselors Needed at Camp Wekiva in Wekiva Springs State-Park, Apapka FL A residential, Environmental Camp. Boys -June 7-25, Girls June 25-July 23 Contact mj.meherg@worldnet.att.net 4-19-20-14 Sky Nite Club Gainesville's #1 night club 5 years in a row is hiring employees for bartenders, beertub, security, cashiers & promoters. If you are out-going & want to work in a fun environment, please send picture & resume to skyniteclub@aol.com 4-8-13-14 Sky Nite Club is looking for students that are seeking internships in advertising & marketing. Gain valuable experience interning w/Gaiesvill's #1 night club. Send a resume to skyniteclub@aol.com 4-8-13-14 5 STAR PIZZA is now hiring delivery drivers Great pay, flexible hrs. Closing drivers average over $100 per shift. Apply in person at 600 NW 75th St. 352-3337979 4-5-10-14 EMBERSS ANGELS* Dancers Needed forAdult Entertainment Co Great Pay & Flexible Hours. Call 335-3875 4-12-15-14 PT CLEANING SERVICE Great for college sutdents. Flexible Hours Excellent pay. No exp nec. 378-8252 4-410-14 Hiring KITCHEN STAFF. Apply between 2 & 4 pm, Mon -Fri, CALICO JACKS 3501 SW 2nd Ave. Creekside Mall. 4-6-10-14 RGIS Inventory Specialists seekig part-time auditors Starting wage $8.00 per hour Apply at RGISINV.com 4-20-20-14 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED The 29th Annual GATOR TENNIS CAMP is now hiring good tennis players for the four weeks in June. Only quality players need apply. Excellent Pay, working approx. 9 hours per day. Camp is held on UF Campus, using Ring Complex and the Flavet Courts. If interested, please call M.B. Chatsn, Camp Director, at 392-3538, or in the evenings 376-8030. If no answer, please leave message. 4-610-14 PT/FT LANDSCAPERS WANTED Valid driver's license a must. 352-222-1904 4-14-15-14 APARTMENT HUNTERS hiring energetic, customer-service oriented people. Flexible scheduling, some nights & weekends. Apply @ 1310 W. University Ave. 4-8-11-14 PART TIME WORK 30 OPENINGS! Great pay! Flex schedules. Sales/svc. all ages 18+. Conditions Apply 335-1422. Earnparttime.com 4-1-6-14 COLD STONE CREAMERY will soon audition happy, energetic Scoopers for its Newberry Road and Archer Road stores. Earn $8+ while having fun! Positionsbegin early April. Choose either Gainesville location when you apply on our web site. Visit: coldstonecreamery.com, then go to Creamery and choose Job Center (applications only; include email address. NO RESUMES.). Nights and weekends a must. 18+ only. 4-1-6-14 NEED CASH? Excellent starting pay. Work around classes. Resume builder. Start immed. All ages 18+. Cond apply. Call now! 335-1422 4-1-6-14 Graphic Assistant/Intern DominosGraphics.com is looking for a motivated individual to help manage local advertising for Gator Domino's Pizza as well as national Domino's Pizza clients. Great resume and portfolio builder with plenty of hands-on experience. Part time, full time and long term employment possibilities for the right individual. Send pdf resume to graphics@dominosgraphics.com. DominosGraphics. www.dominosgraphics.com graphics@dominosgraphics.com 4-1-5-14 Participants needed The Phonetic laboratory in the Program in Linguistics is looking for people to participate in a listening experiment You can earn $10/hour by particiapting in a study of the perception of speech sounds from foreign languagesIf you are interested in participating, please contact Jenna Silver jenlsilver@yahoo.com 4-1-5-14 Do you speak Hindi? The Phonetics Laboratory in the Prbgram in Linguistics is looking for people who grew up in India and speak Hindi fluently. You can earn $15/hour by participating in a study of the perception of speech sounds from foreign languages. if you are interested in participating, please contact Jenna Silver jenlsilver@yahoo.com 4-1-5-14 MOTIVATED OUTSIDE SALES REP for a medical A/R company. Experience preferred. Fax resume: 352-379-1485 4-1-5-14 Local Web Development Firm with fun, team-based enthusiastic environment seeks summer interns for project management and sales depts. Email resume to hr@352media.com 4-20-18-14 READ MAIL FOR PAY also other work available $938 per week possible. Weekly pay checks, work in your spare time. No exp necessary. www.mailworkcenter.com 4-1-5-14 Hiring full time and part time caterers & drivers. Positive, fun, work environment with flexible hours. Skills include great attitude, affinity for fast-paced work environment, and enthusiasm for customer service. Apply in person at Celebrations Catering, 904 N. Main St. 4-8-20-14 Celebrations Cafe N Main & 23rd Ave hiring all positions. Exp a must. Lunch only. Apply in person 8-10, 2-4. 4-1-5-14 Local non-profit USDA accredited certification agency seeks PT livestock, crop or food science specialist. Call 377-6345. Send resumes to qcs@qosinfo.org or fax to 3778363. 4-1-4-14 PT OFFICE HELP. Good driving record experience w/Autocad, Excel, Word helpful. $7.50/hr to start. Call Wells at 219-1183 or email wells@ridgwaytruss.com or 352-3713316 4-6-7-14 DISHWASHER -Apply in person-at the Sovereign Restaurant service entrance 12 SE 2nd Ave. After 2pm. 4-5-5-14 BARTENDERS, HOSTS, SERVERS. Experienced & friendly. Apply in person between 2 & 5pm. NAPOLATANOS 606 NW 75th St. 4-1-4-14 Call center needs telephone agents for all shifts 24 hours. 1830' NE 2nd St. .Apply in person. 4-1-4-14 Servers, all shifts, dining rm/banquets. Flex HRS, excellent compensation. Apply 2-5pm, Tues-Sat, Gainesville Country Club, 7300 SW 35th Way. 4-4-5-14 Green Sparrow Chinese Restaurant now hiring: Cooks (Chinese specialty), Kitchen Helpers, Cashiers, Servers, Delivery Drivers. Apply in person 4-5pm. 871-5771 www. green-sparrow.com 4-4-5-14 The City of Gainesville's Recreation & parks Department is looking for summer camp counselors, lifeguards, swim instructors and pool attendants. Please apply online at www.cityofgainesvilte.org 4-11-10-14 Gainesville Country Club Housekeeping position PT Mon-Fri 7:00 am to 1:00 pm. Lunch provided. Call Greg at 317-5602 DFWP 4-4-5-14 YMCA The YMCA is now hiring enthusiastic staff -members to fill positions in the following areas: Afterschool counselors, summer camp counselors, sports camp counselors, gymnastics instructors, program directors, group cycling instructors, customer service personnel, weekend activities staff, dance instructors/director, lifeguards/swim instructors, soccer referees, bus drivers and more. Hiring at multiple locations throughout North Central Florida. Apply in person at 5201 NW 34th St. Gainesville, FI 32605. Interviews begin immediately, so apply today! 4-1110-4 Part time help wanted to care for & ferry 2 kids (10/12) after school. Must have clean driver's license. Call & leave message. 3361043 4-1-4-14 LOVE TO SHOP? Mystery Shoppers needed immediately in your local area. Flexible hours, complete training. Internet access required. Call 888-850-1024 4-1-4-14 Now accepting applications for Resident Asssitant and apprenetice Resicent Assistant positions for the SUMMER 2005 Semester. Applications are avaiabe from Kathy Smith in the Department of Houseing and REsidence Ecuctaion Office, and are doe by 4:00pm on Monday, April 18, 2005. For further information contact Kathy Smith at 392-2171 ext 10139. 4-18-14-14 THE VILLAGE MARKET GOURMET FOODS & COFFEE SHOP. PT help needed 15-25 hrs. All shifts available. Call for directions only. 380-0111 4-5-5-14 LEASING CONSULTANT Experience a plus. Enthusiastic, energetic. PT position avail at University Commons. Apply in person or call 377-6700 4-12-10-14 BAKERS NEEDED $7.50/hr. No experience necessary. Chesapeake Bagel. 4113 NW 16th Blvd. 352-384-9110 4-5-5-14 SERVERS NEEDED for Sawamura Japanese Steakhouse. PT from 1-4pm. Apply in person 1624 SW 13th St. 4-5-5-14 Comfort Inn West is now hiring part time front desk clerks. Flexible scheduling, great work environment. Please apply in person. 3440 SW 40th Blvd. 4-5-5-14 UF student needed for home improvement projectsfor Saturdays only. Must have own transportation. Carpentry/building exp helpful. Send resume to jschert@gru.net 4-1-3-14 CAMP STAFF YMCA overnight camp seeks dependable fun-loving staff. Must enjoy working w/ children & able to live on-site. Call 352-4663587 for more info. 4-12-10-14 The Florida Book Store is currently hiring temporary cashiering help for Spring Textbook Buyback and the first of Summer A/C Classes. Applicants with previous cashiering and customer service experience are preferred. This position requires availability during the following times: Monday, April 11th through Friday April 15th for training; Saturday, April 16th through Sunday, May 1st for textbook buyback and Saturday, May 7th through Sunday, May 15th for the first week of Summer A/C Classes. Apply in person at 1614 W. University Avenue, complete an application and ask for Carolynne between the -hours 2pm-5pm Monday through Friday. Please do not drop off applications during times not specified including weekends.Equal Opportunity Employer 4-12-10-14 Receptionist Position. Corner Drug Store, Inc. is looking for a part time Receptionist. Decent pay, flexible hours, great people! Good opportunity for full and part time students. Please submit resumes to Lanard Perry at: lanardperry@cornerdrugstore.org if interested. No phone calls please. 4-43-14 ZAXBY'S on 43rd St now hiring ALL POSITIONS-ALL SHIFTS. Please contact Boris 376-8700 4-6-5-14 AmeriCorps: Make a Difference! Volunteers urgently needed to tutor reading to children in grades K-3 in Alachua schools. We train you. Serve 2 or more hours per week. Needed for summer school (June) also. Choose your hours from 8:00 to 5:00. Contact Jasmine at AmeriCorpsVolunteers @yahoo.com or call 222-8777 4-12-9-14 BABYSITTER for 3 children 1:30 to 4:30, Mon thru Fri Transportation needed. gatormotts@gru.net 4-1-2-14 LEASING AGENT PT for luxury apartments, will train, must be friendly, energetic. Some weekends required. Tivoli Apartments 3798090 4-6-5-14 PT RETAIL SALES HELP NEEDED at LLOYD BAILEY SCUBA& WATER SPORTS. Must be an experienced, certified SCUBA diver. Responsible & clean-cut. Please call 332-0738 4-6-5-14 LEASE AGENT PT Show apts, sign leases. Flex hrs. Cell phone & car. Computer skills. Prefer downtown resident. 378-3075 4-53-14 Admin. Asst. for mid-size fast-paced construction co. Excellent opportunity with our project mgmt team. Experience in construction a plus. Fax resume to 375-8604 4-11-7-14 Project Mgr/Estimator for mid-size fastpaced construction co. Excellent opportunity. Fax resume to 375-8604. 4-11-7-14 P E R S O N A L /A D M I N I S T R AT I V E ASSISTANT NEEDED. Must have 2-4 hrs/day available, flexible availability. Must be organized & responsible. Email resume: kdranz@gatorfood.com or call 379-3663 4-14-10-14 Holiday Inn University Center Hotel has immediate opening for the following: AM Concierge/banquet setup. Apply in person. Mon -Fri 8AM-5PM. 4-20-14-14 Online Job Offer eBay Workers Needed. Come Work with us online. $$$$$ WEEKLY Use your computer or laptop. No experience necessary. (800)693-9398 Ext. 1856. 4-1-1-14 HELP WANTED Earn Extra income assembling CD cases from any location. No experience necessary. Start immediately! (800)405-7619 ext 28 www.easyworkgreatpay.com. 4-1-1-14 Now Hiring 2005 Postal Jobs. $17.50-$59.00 hour. Full Federal Benefits paid training/ vacation. No experience necessary. Green Card ok. Call (866)399-5720 x 3077. 4-11-14 Now Hiring 2005 Postal Jobs. $17.50-$59.00 hour. Full Federal Benefitspaid training/ vacation. No experience necessary. Green Card ok. Call (866)634-1229 x 605. 4-1-1-14 DriverCOVENANT TRANSPORT. Excellent Pay & Benefits for Experienced Drivers, 0/0, Solos, Teams & Graduate Students. Bonuses Paid Weekly. Equal Opportunity Employer. (888)MORE PAY (888-667-3729). 4-1-1-14 NOW ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS PT/FT No Exp Necessary $50 Cash Hiring Bonus (800)318-1638 ext 107 www.USMailingGroup.com. 4-1-1-14 UP TO $4,000 WEEKLY!! Exciting Weekly Paycheck! Written Guarantee! 11 Year Nationwide Company Now Hiring! Easy Work, Sending Out Our Simple One Page Brochure! Free Postage, Supplies!Awesome Bonuses!! FREE INFORMATION, CALL NOW!! (800)242-0363 Ext. 3800. 4-1-1-14 POSTAL POSITIONS AVAILABLE! Federal, State, Local. $14.00-$48.00+hr. No Experience necessary. Paid Training and Full Benefits. Entry Levels. Call 7 days for information. (888)826-2513 ext. 21A. 4-1-1-14 M11 Srvics AAA STORAGE Close To UF, Convenient 4x4x4 $20/mo 4x8x8 $35/mo 533 SW 2nd Ave. 377-1771 

PAGE 19

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 N ALLIGATQR, 17 a 3_SerVics s7 ces Services ih Ser ices Enttainment IMPORT AUTO REPAIR.BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-20-71-15 HYPNOTIST-Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Eliminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self-hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079. 4-20-67-15 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Local and long distance moving. Free Estimates One item or a housefull. FL Reg # IM19 Call Now! (352)374-4791 800-797-6766. 4-20-71-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 33952199 4-20-71-15 ** BELLY DANCE ** Ethnic Dance Expressions Studio For Fun & Fitness 384-9200 www.ethnicdanceexpressions.com 4-20-71-15 HORSE BOARDING -peaceful -spacious 30 acres -ring-arena -round pens -experienced help -12x12 stalls 1-352-472-2627. Owner on premisis -35+ yrs exp. Lessons avail 4-20-71-15 MOSSWOOD FARM Come ride with us! Great Farm Awesome Horses & Top Notch Instruction. Hunters & Natural Horsemanship. 466-0465 mwfarm@aftglobal.net 4-20-67-15 TRAFFIC SCHOOL ONLINE Take Points Off Your Driver's License And Dismiss Traffic Tickets With Online Driver Improvement Courses onlinedrivingschoolidrivesafely.com 4-20-71-15 Whipoorwill Farm: Stall and/or pasture board. 10 min W of UF off Archer Rd. CBS Barn 12x12 stalls on 27 shaded acres. Lighted arena, round pen, trails, tackroom. Owner on premises. 376-8792 4-20-71-15 SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE FARM Quality Boarding S Lessons/English 0 Parties Alachua County's oldest & finest horse farm 0 466-4060 4-20-71-15 ***YOGA*** Classes & Workshops at Sanctuary www.yogagainesville.com 352-336-5656 4-20-71-15 the 1\0 4 WRITING AID AND TYPING I can help you to complete your paper. Learn to write. Outline, Research, Grammar, Coherency, Typing 374-7038 4-20-50-15 TERM PAPER HELP: Frustrated? Need Assistance? Help with research and writing? TOLL FREE 1-888-345-8295 www.customessay.com 4-8-60-15 **Lifeguard Training"' Red Cross certification includes CPR professional rescuer/first aid Classes start now 392-1161x4283 www.shcc.ufl.edu/cpr 4-4-49-15 ***TAEKWONDO*** 30 Day Trial Membership Free Men 0 Women 0 Children 352-375-0700 www.protkd.com 40-20-59-15 MOST IMPORTANT SKILL FOR LAW SCHOOL SUCCESS? Check out: lawSChoolprepCourSe.COm 4-20-58-15 **AUTO MALL SERVICE DEPT** Complete Auto Service Imports & Domestics 0 Cars & Trucks Discount for students. Call 352-380-0033 www.automallgainesville.com 4-20-56-15 EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The countryclub for horses & owners. Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath. 250' x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump paddock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 matted stalls, 19 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-5913175-everglade-eqestrian.com 4-1-29-15 ** GREAT BANNERS & SIGNS * Custom Posters 0 Exhibits *Awards Top Quality Fast 0 Service 0 Low Prices www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 9-2-61-15 Jump start your job searcb at www.Collge-reSumeS.Com 8-15-51-15 AWARDS & PERSONALIZED GIFTS *. Plaques 0 Name Badges 0 Cups 0 Etc. Best Selection In Town www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 9-2-61-15 STORAGE PRE-LEASE SPECIAL No hassles 0 Free Lock 0 Prorated Close to UF 0 All Sizes 0 No Deposit Archer Road Self Storage 371-4296 South West Self Storage 374-4444 4-20-20-15 CLOSEST, CHEAPEST Lessons Training Boarding Jumps Large pastures & trails. Jonesville. www.ponyupfarm.com 331-0356 4-2020-15 ENGLISH TUTORING English as 2nd language Reading, Composition, Conversation Experienced educators. Reasonable fees. Tel: 352-335-9400 4-20-19-15 FINANCE TUTOR Individuals or small groups. Experienced, excellent. 375-6641 Harold Nobles 4-6-5-15 rLSAT AFFORDABLE TEST PREP Full length course and private tutoring. Higher score, 100% satisfaction guaranteed. Call 372-8560 or 1-800-910-1352 4-6-5-15 $$$ SUMMER STORAGE SPECIALS $$$ 5X10 ONLY $130 & 1OX15 ONLY $275 PAYS APRIL THROUGH AUGUST CALL TODAY! SPACE LIMITED! NW MINI STORAGE 332-8917 4-20-14-15 DIVORCE$175-$275*COVERS children, etc. Only one signature required *Excludes govt. fees! Call weekdays (800)4622000, ext.600. (8am-7pm) Divorce Tech. Established 1977. 4-1-1-15 NEED AN ATTORNEY ARRESTED? Criminal Defense *State *Federal *Felonies *Misdemeanors *DUI *License Suspension *Parole *Probation *Domestic Violence *Drugs "Protect Your Rights" A-A-AAttorney Referral Service (800)733-5342 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A WEEK. 4-1-1-15 INJURED IN AN ACCIDENT NEED A LAWYER? ALL Accident & Injury Claims *AUTOMOBILE *BIKE/BOAT/BUS *ANIMAL BITES *WORKERS COMPENSATIONS *WRONGFUL DEATH *NURSING HOME INJURIES A-A-A ATTORNEY Referral Service (888)733-5342 24 HOURS 7 DAYS A.WEEK. 4-1-1-15 EARN DEGREE online from home: *Business, *Paralegal, *Computers. Job Placement Assistance. Computer & Financial aid if qualify. (866)858-2121 www.tidewaterte chonline.com. 4-1-1-15 "$$ FREE CASH GRANTS! $$** Never Repay! Live Operators! Gov't Grants for Personal Bills, School, Business, etc. $47 billion left unclaimed. (800)574-1804 ext. 369. 4-1-1-15 $ CASH ADVANCES $ Personal Injury Lawsuits-Structured settlementsAnnuitiesPensions-I nheritances-Lottery-Prize Winnings-We Buy Mortgage, Real Estate, Business notes. We speak Spanish. Jerry (866)767-2270. 4-1-1-15 $50,000 FREE CASH GRANTS""'2005! Never Repay! For personal bills, school, new business. $49 BILLION Left unclaimed from 2004. Live Operators! (800)606-6081 Ext #75. 4-1-1-15 Loans by phone. Up to $1000 in 24hrs. No Credit Check! Bank Account Req. (888)3503722 www.paychecktoday.com. 4-1-1-15 ONE CALL STANDS BETWEEN YOUR BUSINESS and millions of potential customers. Place your advertisement in the FL Classified Advertising Network. For $450 your ad will be placed in over 150 papers. Check out our 2x2 and 2x4 display network too! Call this paper, or Heather Mola, FL Statewide Network Director at (866)7421373, or e-mail hmola@flpress.com for more information. (Out of State placement is also available.) Visit us online at www.floridaclassifieds.com. 4-1-1-15 WJ3 ~elt ervices All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-20-71-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $99! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199. 4-20-71-16 URGENT CARE/WALK-IN MEDICAL Students -No Appointment Needed! FIRST CARE OF GAINESVILLE 4881 NW 8th Ave #2, 373-2340 Most Ins Accepted, Hours M-F 8a-6p 4-2071-16 TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR ACNE with Blue Light Treatments for moderate acne. Call Dermatology Associates 352-3(2-4051 4-20-67-16 ABORTION/ABORTION by PILL (RU-486) IV sedation, Student Discount. Well Woman Care & Birth Control Bread & Roses Women's Health Ctr 352-372-1664 4-20-71-16 "PINK EYE?" Participate in a study to treat bacterial conjunctivitis. Qualified participants will get free evaluation, medication & be reimbursed for their time. Call Dr. Levy @ 331-2020 immediately. 4-20-26-16 Regain your independence with a new powerchair or scooter. Call The SCOOTER Store for your FREE Mobility Consultation. New scooters starting at $799. (866)2939937. 4-1-1-16 Is Stress Ruining Your Life? Read DIANETICS by Ron L. Hubbard Call (813)872-0722 or send $7.99 to Dianetics, 3102 N. Habana Ave., Tampa FL 33607. 4-1-1-16 Typing Services SAME DAY SERVICE: transcription, typing, apps. Desktop pub: brochures, newsletters, flyers, ads, logos. Resume service -17 yrs exp. -24 hr turnaround. New phone #Connie 271-2677 4-13-30-17 Personals: Anonymous HIV Antibody Testing Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians' 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480. 4-20-71-18 GUNS! GUNS GUNS! 1800 Gun Inventory Over 500 handguns in stock Buy, Sell, Trade or Repair. Reloading Supplies 466-3340 Harry Beckwith, Gun Dealer 8mi. South of G'ville on 441 4-20-71-18 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977:Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-20-71-18 FLASHBACKS PAYS CASH FOR CLOTHES. We buy 10-5, M-Sat. Open to shop til 6. WE ALSO BUY HOUSEHOLD ITEM. 211 W Univ Ave 375-3752. 4-20-71-18 VEGETARIAN? Try BOOK LOVER'S CAFE Inside Books, Inc. 505 NW 13 St. 10-9 384-0090 4-20-71-18 MEET SINGLES ON YOUR CELL Text the word FLIRT to 69000 18+/99 cents/msg recvd/txtlife.com 4-7-5-18 Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love Event Notices 9 IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED g l Entertainment WALDO FARMER & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255 4-20-71-21 FIRST STRIKE PAINTBALL Airball, Speedball, Forts on 27 acres Call for the best group rates! 352-338-8408 4-20-71-21 ROCKYCREEK PAINTBALL In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better Call 371-2092 4-20-71-21 We Do Rentals! Southern Vermont's Rental Center. MOUNT SNOW, WEST DOVER, VERMONT.By Week/Weekend/Month or Season! INCLUDES: Recreational/Cultural Activities. We offer hillside condos, town houses, chalets, (large/small homes.) MOUNTAIN RESORTRENTALS, P.O. BOX 1804, WEST DOVER, VERMONT 05356. www.mountainresortrentals.com, email: rentverm@sover.net. (888)336-1445, (802-464-1445) 4-1-1-21 Tickets ***EUROPE $429 RT*** Train & cruises also available Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-20-71-22 ***WEST COAST $198 RT*** Los Angeles, Seattle & more! Call for best rates. Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-20-71-12 ***AIRFARE $118 RT*** NYC, DC, Philly, New England & more! Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-20-71-22 WANTED: NEED DELTA FREQUENT FLYER MILES for international trip. 25,000 -100,000 miles. Contact jschert@gru.net 4-1-3-22 M R ides GMG TRANSPORT 20 Yrs. as the Official So. Fl. Bus Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $40 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.GMGTRANS.com 4-20-71-23 Miami Bus Service $40 RIT W.P Bch, Pomp, FT. L, Miami Departures: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30 pm 335-8116 wvw.miamibusservice.com 4-20-67-23 ***FLY FO/FROM"* COCOA BEACH, BREVARD COUNTY $99 rt www.flybaerair.com 1-866-453-2605 4-20-67-23 oIiIZe Furry, feathery, scaly .no,dnot your roommate .pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. AKC GOLDEN RETREIVER PUPS Health certificates, 3/30, 3 males, 6 females, POP, very beautiful and healthy. $450/ea 352-625-9206 4-1-5-24 1 Lost & Found Everybody knows how awful if feels to lose something. If you find something, call the Alligator at 373-FIND and we'll place a free "Found" ad for you in this section (Offer does not apply to "Lost" ad.) Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. FOUND: KEYS on sidewalk in front of Alligator. building on University Ame. on Monday. Call to identify 373-3463. 

PAGE 20

18, ALLIGATOR E FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 MEN'S AND WOMEN'S TENNIS Gators look to continue eight-game winning streak Whenthe Gators hit the court this afternoon, they'll be in pursuit of something they've been unable attain all season -a win against a higher-ranked team. The No. 9 UF men's tennis team, currently on an 9-0 winning streak, is on a confidence high and playing a stronger game, one that could edge -No. 8 Georgia today. "We have good match-ups against these guys; we just need to put four matches together, and we definitely can," junior Jordan Dolberg said. "The confidence is back. I can see it in the team, and it is definitely good to have against these guys, because these guys are good." One of Georgia's (13-3, 5-1 Southeastern Conference) prime strengths comes in doubles play, with its top pair ranked second nationally. Coach Andy Jackson said that while Georgia's doubles are talented, he is confident in Hamid Mirzadeh and Greg Ouellette on court one, along with UF's other two doubles teams. Jackson added that though it is important to earn the doubles point, it is not necessarily game-deciding. "We're over the hump where we feel like it is the end all be all," he said. "We could win the doubles, but we can also win the match winning or losing the doubles. We hope to S get off to a good start, but we hope to finish strong, which is more important UF hosts its final home game of the regular Jackson ,season Sunday against No. 17 Tennessee before taking the road for two weeks to finish out the season. Whether the Gators beat the Bulldogs or not, Jackson said the team will be vying for the No. 1 spot in the league. "The key thing is that we don't get too overconfident that we have to win, or too down if things don't go our way against Georgia," Jackson said. "We're still in first place going into Sunday." -NATASHA WEINSTEIN FROM STRUGGLES TO SUCCESS: The Gators are back, complete with the ranking to match. Thanks to victories over two top25 teams last week, the UF women's tennis team returned to the top-10 in the national rankings, accordmig to a release by the Intercollegiate Tennis Association Tuesday. Previously undefeated and ranked at No. 2, the Gators dropped to No. 17 after back-to-back losses to Kentucky and Vanderbilt in the same weekend. They are now ranked No. 9 following two wins over then-No. 7 Duke and then-No. 23 Alabama lastweek. "We've really turned it around," associate head coach Dave Balogh said. "The girls have done a great job preparing We had a bump in the road a couple weeks ago in Kentucky. We've done a good job at spending a few minutes here and there on one or two things that everyone needed to improve on. And, I think it showed against Duke on Wednesday night. We came out probably better than we have all year." Balogh is confident the two losses have only helped the Gators improve, but that is more than can be said about the team's spirits. Balogh saw that the media hype surrounding the losses had gotten Balogh to the girls. "With all the talk about Florida hasn't lost two matches in whatever amount of time, they're saying [it put] a chip on their shoulders," Balogh said. "They [took it personally]." Despite hurt feelings, Balogh has seen the team come together to get themselves back on track, thanks in part to the team's lone senior, Zerene Reyes. "Zhrone is an unbelievable leader," Balogh said. "She leads more by example, and it doesn't come natural for her to be as vocal. So, we pulled her aside and said we need you to get in there more, and she's lone a great job." With a -boosted morale and an injured player returning to play, the Gators are confidently awaiting their upcoming matches. "B.B. (Boglarka Berecz) is healthier with her wrist, and it's really helped our doubles," Balogh said. "She has a lot of experience, being a junior. She's one of our best doubles players. Getting her back in the lineup will really help us out." The Gators, who are 10-2 for the season and 4-2 in the SEC, have another tough weekend ahead. The team travels to play No. 3 Georgia on Friday, and then heads to No. 25 Tennessee on Sunday. UF returns to Gainesville on April 8 to take on Mississippi State. -KATE CAVANNA SATURDAY, APRIL 24-9PM CITIZENS FIELD fwoid.Rd.& aiAek.) FREERAFFL E:DIVf, TV, bikes&more GaiesvilleOreatAwakeuinge~.nry Friday 7pm, 9:15pm Hippodrome Cinema 375-HIPP News can appear one day and be gone the next. But the paper news is printed on can and should live on. Last year, more than e thrid of all U.S. newsprint was recycled. And that number is growing every day Recycl~ is the one way we can all give sqrmething Read. back. Then Recycle. F A program presented by the leitz Union r l 0 atNthe REITZ UNION Video Buttone, 10pm-2am Firt Floor S *E l UnikeNov mprov AprilFoolsShow, 10pm Orange&Brew Coach Carter Cosine Night and ElvieWeddinge, 10pm-2amn Rion Ballroem Rnftoreioa d ".toMm Dedi O Art, p -m cd r Ra1zU 10ionAudpodum, Joe and eft Spray Paint Art,10p2am Colonnade ,A Ryan the Magician -9pm-1amn Shyftand Sky -9um-lemn Might Breas 1rn-l,:30am, Food Court IF111818for Ur students g soe with valid G itelr I RD!t \,,,,,'nlons"f"oula"' it fo r wekY to nof~lecreationispL GAONGTS11 Ring Tennis Complex Admission is FREE vs. Friday, April 1st @ 4 PM First 250 fans receive a free visor courtesy of GRU! Sunday, April 3rd @ 1 PM Senior recognitions! Service line for kids, 12 and under. \niergy5 t su iito hout prior noticenta At 34GAOR e eech o heaing ire Happy Hour 4pm-9pm $4 Pitchers -$100 Drafts FRI: $2 Pitchers Live Acoustic Music SAT: $1 Drafts o $1 Wells 1728 W. University Ave.377-7333 

PAGE 21

Sports FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org BASEBALL UF knows slacking off won't help defeat Kentucky tIm Casey/ Alligator Jeff Corsaletti and the Gators look to make it four in a row when they host Kentucky this weekend. By TIM CASEY Alligator Writer tcasey@alligator.org Fresh off of a convincing victory over in-state rival Florida State, the UF baseball team won't have any time to savor its success. The players went right back to work Thursday as if they hadn't played the night before. Freshman Jared Kubin persevered through practice, then lingered for more batting practice after his teammates left. Fellow freshman Brian Augenstein tossed a bullpen session with Coach Pat McMahon. It should be safe to say that the Gators (20-7, 3-3 Southeastern Conference) aren't about to suffer a post-rival letdown. when Kentucky (14-9, 0-5 SEC) visits this weekend. "I think you'll see an offensive mirror in a lot of neat ways," McMahon said. "The challenges for the weekend for us are obviously how well we accept the challenges to defend against the short game, to defend against the running, and see how good of a job we can do in controlling that part of the running game, so that it doesn't result in bigrun innings." ,, The mirror he speaks of is his own creation. Kentucky is coached by John Cohen, a former hitting coach under McMahon during the 2002 and 2003 seasons. Cohen played for Mississippi State from 1987-89 while McMahon was an assistant coach for the Bulldogs. "John is one of the outstanding young coaches in the country today," McMahon said. "We have a very close association. One, as a former player, then as a working associate as a coach here at the University of Florida, where he did an outstanding job for us, and as a friend. Those are things that are very special to me." Cohen knows what to expect from McMahon, but sometimes that isn't enough. "I think you'll see an offensive mirror in a lot of neat ways." Pat McMahon UF baseball coach "I have a pretty good understanding of what Pat's trying to do," Cohen said. "But, the thing about baseball that's different than a lot of other sports is there isn't any specific offensive tendency you can look at. It's not like in football where you can look at game filn and see that the other team is running the wishbone or something." Cohen definitely won't have problems identifying UF's players, though. "The other thing that is really kind of neat for me is I recruited several guys here that are out there playing now," Cohen said. "I saw them in high school and I've seen them progress. Adam Davis, Justin Tordi, Matt LaPorta -most of those hitters. Brandon McArthur -I was in his home when he committed to UF. Brian Leclerc -I recruited him too. It was fun to be with those guys. Great parents, great kids, it was a good group." Cohen attributes much of his success as a player and as a coach to his relationship with McMahon. "I've known Pat since I was 19 years old," Cohen said. "He's been like a brother to me. I think Pat bringing me to Florida and giving me an opportunity to come here has really helped me in my coaching career. I've leaked so much from Pat. The way Pat treats people, and the way he handles young men, is just inspirational. I think Florida is very, very fortunate to have him." McMahon predicts future success for Cohen -just not this weekend. "He's going to do an outstanding job at the University of Kentucky," McMahon said. "They've made a tremendous cminitment in every way to the program." Kentucky has won just one of the last 17 meetings between the two teams. This season, the Wildcats are winless in four road games, while the Gators are 18-5 at home. Billy Grace, Kentucky's leading hitter, knows his team faces a difficult challenge this weekend. "We're coming off of a couplegame win streak," Grace said. "We're looking forward to trying to really get after it this weekend and try to compete." Grace may be sidelined with a wrist injury suffered from sliding. Brian Hastings, Kentucky's other standout hitter, has a similar injury that will require surgery today, Cohen said. Kentucky has won two consecutive games, including a 12-11 slugfest against Louisville on Wednesday. "The Kentucky-Louisville thing, it's a lot like the UF-Florida State rivalry," Cohen said. "The-highlight in Kentucky is the basketball part, the highlight here is the football paii, but they get into it in all sports. It's neat to have those rivalry games." The Wildcats will start freshman pitchers on Friday and Saturday. Right-hander Scott Green (1-1, 4.15) gets the nod Friday against UF's Bryan Ball (5-1, 1.70). Saturday features lefty Andrew Albers (3-1, 2.88) against UF's Tommy Boss (4-1, 3.93). On Sunday, Kentucky will send junior Kalen Gibson (4-1, 3.10) to the mound against Gators' starter Alan Home (1-2, 5.67). Halfway through spring, Meyer's Gators are a totally different team A fter whizzing past the halfway point of its 2005 spring practice schedule, the UF football team is already noticeably different -the players practice differently, they carry themselves differently, they even talk differently under the new regime. Coach Urban Meyer's arrival has brought legions of Gators fans to each and every practice. His laid-back nature allows for fans and media alike to sit and relax while watching him groom his team. Then again, his intense persona on the practice field sometimes leaves parents searching for earmuffs for their children. Last spring, Ron Zook pushed the idea of an up-tempo approach and intense practices. Camp Meyer would run laps around Camp Zook. Zook avoided singling out individual players at all costs. Meyer holds each player accountable for his own actions, and he has no problem expressing his displeasure through the media. Zook expected steady improvement. Meyer demands immediate results. But enough about the differences. It's not really fair to compare a three-time national coach of the year with, well, a glorified assistant coach. Meyer has said that his offense is not complicated. It only contains about 10-15 core plays, and its success is based mostly on Brian Shaffer variety in pre-snap Shaf At Home formation and movebshaffer@alligator.org ment. All of the plays are in, and now it's time to work on the precision. The new coaching staff is constantly conducting personnel evaluations, trying to decipher the hand it has to play. This scrimmage is another audition for those looking for playing time. Forget about the offense you saw a week ago, because you're going to get a lot more. Expect crisper execution, sharper overall play and increased intensity. The offense that takes the field on Saturday will be better thAn it was last week. And the one that suits up for the Orange and Blue game will be better than this week's. Meyer is not impressed by steady improvement or encouraged by correctable mistakes. His goal is to take a 7-5 team and mold them into a national champion, one practice at a time. NBA Miami 108 Indiana Men's College Basket South Carolina St. Joseph's 114 ball 60 57 E The UF football team will complete its second official scrimmage of spring practice Saturday morning. For complete coverage, be sure to check out Monday's Alligator. E 2000: The UF men's basketball team humbles North Carolina 71-59 to advance to the National Championship game for the first time in school history. Mike Miller, Udonis Haslem and Brett Nelson all scored in double digits. i The UF men's lacrosse team is gearing up for two crucial home matches against Tennessee and North Carolina State. Read this and a recap of Thursday's intramural swim meet at alligatorSports.org. 

PAGE 22

20, ALLIGATOR N FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 Gators split up STAFF REPORT Since parts of the Florida Relays were canceled last weekend because of rain, the UF track and field teams went scrambling for some action. Luckily, they found some. Some of the men will take part in the Yellow Jacket Invitational on Saturday, while a few of the women will participate in the USF Invitational today. The men will take all but their distance runners to the Yellow Jacket Invitational at Georgia Tech. The Gators will face stiff competition, including several teams that finished among the top 20 at the NCAA Indoor Championships, including Auburn, Florida State, Michigan, South Carolina and Tennessee. Events are set to begin at 8 a.m. The women's team will send its pole-vaulters to the USF Invitational beginning at 3 p.m. on Friday. The group is led by senior Chandra Lacombe, who was named Southeastern Conference Field Athlete of the Week on Wednesday, courtesy of an NCAA regional -qualifying mark of 3.97m/1300.25 last week at the Florida Relays. The men's squad will compete as a whole at the prestigious Texas Relays April 7-9 in Austin, while the rest of the women's team will enjoy a weekend off before traveling to the Ole Miss Invitational on April 9. F I % -T f b 01 % ~i j "0 1 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" MADDIE'S Pet Rescue Project ofAlachua County For hours and location visit us at 0sceOfAlachua0rg Pressed Sandwiches, Pastries, Entrees, Soups, Sofa s, Desserts, Cafe, Shakes and more Virtually Cuban 2409 SW _13th ST Forcun, completen, horsF, 336-4125 wwwvirtuallycuhan-com GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERS Cannot be combined. Need upon 25%y avilbl ayonter Plaz loct Sp ecials 377-6020 esso I 29th~ ffear AueiveSso Party 764 DRAFTS 3pm til close Live music at 6pm Wine Tasting Party Every Friday in the New Tuscawilla Room 6pm! $5 Located Behind The Swamp 376-2233 Are you interested in Shaping Date: April 6, 2005 Tomorrow's Health.Today? Time: Then visit the College-of Public Health and Health Professions' Public Health Program displays during National Public Health Week, April 4-10, 2005 On April 6, we invite you to meet Public Health-faculy and students and learn more about bow you can become a future leader in public health! 3:00 p~m T h:10,a. Location: College of Public Health and Health Professions, HPNP Complex ground floor, student lounge For more information: 1-866-62-UFMPH www.mph.ufl.edu Are you Graduating and unsure about your future? Enhance career possibilities with the Warrington College of Business M4AsTER clSF SCIENCE MANAGEMVtENT A one-year Master's degree in Business for non-business majors Information Session Tfiesdny,April 5th 7 PM -Stuzin Hall, Room 103 (UF Campus) www.cba.ufl.edu/msm msm(acba.ufl.edu (352) 273-0344 trdels] 

PAGE 23

FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 U ALLIGATOR, 21 MEN'S AND WOMEN'S SW61MNG AND DIVING Truy: sb rmers rnustwi focus on their key&, events By BRIAN STEELE Alligator Writer Everyone's on their own now. Just like a fledgling being pushed out of -its nest, the UF swim teams have only themselves to worry about. After battling through an entire season based on team competitions, several UF swimmers will head to the World Championships starting today and running through April 7 in Indianapolis. It won't matter how the Gators perform as a team. All that matters is how each individual finishes, as they look to swim their way into this summer's World Championships and World University Games teams. This will also be UF's first opportunity to post qualifying times for the 2008 Olympic Trials. "It's. more of an individual performance than a team performance," Coach Gregg Troy said. "There're just one or two key events for each swimmer. We want to have good swims in the morning, and they take two athletes for each event." The Gators will bring 15 total swimmers to the meet. However, 10 of those 15 are either sophomores or freshmen; only three are seniors. While this lack of bigmeet experience may be a factor, Troy'has a different plan. "[Choosing who comes] doesn't have to do with age," Troy said. "[It had to do with] who could make it, do well, and who needed experience. [With our conference], they're real exTroy perienced. It is different, but it's all still racing." One younger swimmer, freshman Natalie Pike, knows her teammates' support will not be there as much as it has previously this season. But, her teammates have instilled her with plenty of spirit, so Pike is not particularly concerned about the World Trials. "Everyone has helped tremendously," Pike said. "I came from a small club team, and these girls have been amazing." While Troy said the NCAA Championships and the Southeastern Conference Championships have been an emotional drain, there may actually be a positive side to entering more grueling meets. "[The World Trials] are certainly important,just not the same stress factor as NCY*As," Troy said. "It's a little more relaxed setting, everyone's not concerned about every event. You have got to be relaxed because the support is not as'great. There was no time between meets. The men just had to go, and wgmen had only about one extra week." Pike agrees with her coach, saying her stress level has actually dropped. "We are a lot more relaxed," she said. "A lot was riding on NCAAs. We're still very focused, and it will help everyone go fast. I'm just excited to go and be a part of the team." Georgia next in tri of re ent ess ponents for UF IN AFTER PLAYING THE NO. 11 TEAM, THE GATORS NOW FACE NO. 12. By WILLIS JACOBSON Alligator Writer The No. 13 UF softball team will go back on the road this weekend, this time looking to reclaim its position on top of the conference standings. Coming off a week in which they lost two of three games against No. 11 Alabama, the Gators (28-8, 7-2 Southeastern Conference) will travel to Athens, Ga. for a three-game series with No. 12 Georgia (31-7,12-0 SEC). The teams will play a doubleheader on Saturday and conclude the series on Sunday. Playing a talented team like Georgia, who is defending a 19-game win streak, immediately after a tough team like Alabama is nightmare material for a coach trying to devise a game plan. UF coach Karen -Johns, however, says that such a scenario is common in SEC play. "It's pretty status quo in our conference," Johns said. "It's not like it's something new. It's kind of like women's basketball, where every game you're playing a ranked team, it seems like, and if they're not ranked they're close to being ranked. It's a pretty competitive league, so I don't think that's anything we get too high or low about. We just know we have to play Georgia now and we've got to be ready." The Gators pitchers will have their work cut out for them as they try and shut down the Georgia offense, which has outscored its opponents 132-17 during its win streak. The Bulldogs are also second in the conference in team batting average. "We started preparing for [Georgia] a little bit [on Wednesday] right after the game," Johns said. "We talked a little bit about some things that we have to do -to prepare ourselves. I'll start doing the homework and have a report ready for them for the bus ride." UF first baseman Melissa Zick will look to continue her career-high eight-game hit streak. She is batting .500 during the streak, a stark contrast to the rest of the team's combined .307 batting average over those eight games. Zick said that she and her teammates are excited to get back out and have another series against a fellow top-15team. "We're really psyched to go and beat them on their home field," Zick said. "If we play like we can, I think we'll do all right." Nick West / Alligator start UF pitcher Mandy Schuerman hurls a pitch in Thursday's Alabama game. The-Gators face another ranked opponent this weekend when they play No. 12 Georgia. Saturday's doubleheader will begin start at 1 p.m. All games will be played at at 1 p.m. and will air live on Cox Sports. the Georgia Soccer/Softball Complex. UF Sunday's series-ending game will also leads the all-time series 19-11. WOMEN'S GOLF Brilvefs-HilintOn aiready preparing vea uo 0 ossa By NICK ZACCARDI Alligator Writer UF women's golf coach Jill Briles-Hinton is taking a unique approach to this weekend's final regular season tournament, the Bryan National Collegiate. Rather than prepping for the upcoming Southeastern Conference Championships, Briles-Hinton wants the No. 15 Gators to gain experience for the 2006 postseason by playing the par-72 Champions Course at Bryan Park. "They're [Wake Forest] hosting -regionals there in 2006," Briles-Hinton said. "That would be the reason why we're going there.'" Briles-Hinton has more reasons for traveling to Browns Summit, N.C. for the 17-team tournament -practicing and scouting. In its last five stroke play tournaments, UF has toyed with five different lineups. Only freshman Tiffany Chudy has played in each tournament. "Would I like to have the team solidified by now? Yes," BrilesHinton said. "I would have liked to have it solidified earlier in the year." "Our team is deep enough now and strong enough now that we can [qualify]." Jill Briles-Hinton UF women's golf coach Depending on what happens through Sunday, Briles-Hinton still may not have a set roster for the postseason. The seventh-year coach expects qualifying for the SEC Championships starting April 15, and continuing to determine her rotation. "Our team is deep enough now and strong enough now that we can [qualify]," Briles-Hinton said. Whitney Myers provided UF's bright spot during qualification, shooting rounds of 78, 72 and 76 at the University Golf Course. The freshman's collective score was nine shots lower than her three-round total at the Gator Invitational the first weekend of March. "Sometimes that happens when you have a long break," Briles-Hinton said. "She's learning new shots. She's opening her mind to hit new shots and she's doing super." The five golfers who have survived this week will get a good look at SEC competition in today's first round. Andrea Vander Lende, Camila Gonzalez, Sandra Gal, Myers and Chudy will each be paired with golfers from conference idvals South Carolina and Vanderbilt. No. 3 Auburn, No. 4 Georgia and No. 10 Tennessee round out the six-team SEC contingent at the Bryan National. "We have three seasons: fall, the first part of spring, and then we play our last four events," Briles-Hinton said. "This is" just the very first step for us to finish strong in nationals." 

PAGE 24

Sports FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 2005 ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org Former UF-coach Billy Donovan talks to Rick Pitino, his mentor, about being the head coach of Kentucky. Like Donovan leaving UF to coach Kentucky, Pitino left Kentucky and later coached at rival Louisville. UF fan: 'Donovan's a sell-out and a punk' DONOVAN, from page 1 Slive's comments, but several members of the UF men's basketball were seen mulling around the basketball practice facility early Friday morning. "We won those games legit," senior forward David Lee said. "Everyone makes it seem like it's so ridiculous that we beat Kentucky. Gee, maybe it's because we're a good team." Several players had other issues to consider. "I love Coach Donovan," freshman forward Corey Brewer said. "Now that he's going to Kentucky, I'll have to strongly consider transferring." Al Horford also said he'd consider a transfer to Kentucky. Everyone else on the team, though stunned, said they would remain at U. "I may even stay in school now," said junior guard Anthony Roberson, wh6 was considering a jump to the NBA. "I liked Donovan, he was a cool guy; but he really held me back. I want to dunk. People don't think I have ups, but that's only because Coach Donovan told me not to be flashy and not to dunk, let D Lee and Brewer be the high-flyers. Hopefully Foley will-bring in a coach who will let me fly." Fans split The Alligator went on a frantic search to find fans early Friday morning, and several people on the street were given the news of Donovan's departure to a mixed reaction. "I think this is crap," junior Terry O'Toole said. "Florida basketball has unlimited potential if the right guys come in. I don't get what's so great about Kentucky? Who would want to live in the middle of hick-ville anyway? Donovan's a sell-out and a punk." Other fans backed Donovan, saying it was too good of an opportunity to pass up. "Kentucky's always one of the best teams in the country," senior Katie Gonzalez said. "We should be, thanking Donovan for all his hard work and wishing him luck at Kentucky. Hopefully we'll get a good coach who can beat Donovan next season." Some other fans echoed Donovan's remark that Florida is truly a football school. "Who's Billy Donovan?" freshman Tom Guthrie said. "I didn't even know we had a basketball team." The aftermath Now Foley must go on an all-, out search to find a new coach, just months after convincing football coach Urban Meyer to join the Gators. "All I wanted to do was enjoy a Steely Dan show. I never expected to have to deal with this," Foley said. "We're a big time program and we'll land a big time coach. The Billy Donovan era will be an afterthought -this team will start winning national championships under the next coach." Donovan wasn't so sure. "It'll be tough for the University of Florida, I realize that," Donovan said. "I'll make sure to go easy on them next season." Billy backstabs UF, awaits UK pressure S o Billy "March is my least favorite month" Donovan decided to leave UF for Kentucky. Can you blame him? Two words: Ashley Judd. (UF has many fans hotter than her, but whatever.) But, seriously, let's look at the history. UF finally has one Southeastern Conference Tournament championship; Kentucky has 25. Kentucky has seven national championships; UF has zero. Hmm. Which school would you want to coach at? The fact of the matter is Billy D is not an idiot, despite what you may think after 324,532 consecutive firstor second-round losses. Anyone would've taken this offer. Loyalty means nothing anymore. See Rick Pitino -who stabbed Kentucky fans in the back by going to rival Louisville. Not close enough for you? How about the good ol' ball coach Steven Orr Spurrier coaching for another SEC school? In the SEC East, no less? If Spurrier can do it, there's no reason Donovan can't. Also, don't you think Donovan is sick of all the UF fans whining about how he can't Ian Fisher get it done in the postseason? Extra lannings The whiny fans have a good iisher@aiiigator.org point, but I'm sure it's getting old to Billy. He doesn't need to hear your crap; he gets enough from us, the media. Here's what I've realized, though. All this NCAA Tournament losing was planned. Billy needed a good excuse to get out of Gainesville. He was trying to get fired so he could leave, but Athletics Director Jeremy Foley wasn't hearing any of it. Donovan. kept doing just well enough to keep his job despite not trying to. So he finally decided to pull his own plug. Billy could've won all these postseason games if he tried. But wanting to go to Kentucky isn't the pertinent question here. The question that needs to be asked is, "Why the hell would Kentucky want Billy?" Sure Donovan's been a good coach at UF, but it's different in Lexington. Different as in the only thing there is Kentucky basketball. They hardly even have a football team, which is something people care about a lot more in Gainesville. The pressure to win is going to be insane. Thinkabout it this way: Billy hasn't been able to handle the. little pressure put on him at UF come Tournament time. (OK, maybe that one season, but that seems like ages ago.) Billy is going from a big fish in a small pond (the O'Connell Center, which rarely fills up) to a small fish in the biggest pond (Rupp Arena, always packed with the rabid Kentucky faithful.) And there's only down to go at Kentucky. Billy better be lucky. NCAA Championships UF 0 Kentucky 7 SEC Tourney ChampionshipsUF 1 Kentucky 25U 2004: UF coach Ron Zook stops talking to the Alligator after it was first to report quarterback Chris Leak departing for NFL Europe. Zook told one reporter his job was a joke, but that reporter did not get fired, as Zook did months later. E Be sure to check out Monday's Alligator for a complete wrap up of the UF basketball's first weekend without Billy Donovan. Since the Gators aren't practicing, there probably won't be much of a story. 'The University Athletic Association, who after having to go on a football coach search, now must find a replacement for NCAA Tournament mainstay Billy Donovan. 
