
PAGE 1

The Florida Alligator Vol. 55, No. 117 Tuesday, April 2, 1963 The University of Florida, Gainesville Freshman Wins liss UF Spot F frosh Jean Salisbury, who to win. I was shocked even to chosen "Most Likely To be a finalist. It was the first eed" at Largo High Schoo, contest I've ever entered." eeded in becoming Miss Miss Salisbury will be UF's 'ersity of Florida. .entry in the Miss Florida Pageant MISS JE he 5' 7", blue -eyed, to be held in Sarasota in June. wn-haired queen sponsored by Miss Salisbury was editor of -. .after presentation of h a Chi Omega was crowned her high school paper,"TheLargo is first runner-up Miss Qui lay night during the Frolics Hightime." She was also Attorney brmance by last year's queen General of Girl's State. cilla Sanborn. Miss Salisbury's father is a iss Quinn Flood, sponsored by teacher at dak Groove Junior High a Gamma Rho was first School, Clearwater. er-up and Lou An Levinson, The girls were judged for talent, sored by Delta Phi Epsilon, poise, appearence andpersonality. second runner-up. They appeared on stage in bathing a r o n Testy, sponsored by suits, fo r mals and perfor med S e a Nu, was originally one of talent routines. Miss Salisbury's three finalists but was distalent was a humorous monologue. ified Friday foracademic Jean is a member of AXO, Little A "once-in-alifetime" ons. Sisters of Mineiva arM has served combination of orchestral, choral iss Salisbury said, "I just on Freshman Council. She plans and solo talent will appear at the my best. I never expected to major in speech. UF on Palm Sunday, April 7, when UF Feels Solon Pulse Board Tenure To Be Debaled By DAVID LAWRENCE JR. Editor-in-Chief A state constitutional amendment enabling theState Legislature to increase appointive terms of Board of Control members up to six years will be initiated by Rep. Ralph D. Turlington during the current legislative session. Turlington, speaking just before his trip to Tallahassee for the session opening today, said the amendment, if adopted, would be a "great step forward for higher education." Board members currently are appointed for terms up to four years by the governor. "If this comes about," Turlington said, "and I definitely will propose it, the people of this state are going to find more board members having more experience and independence." P.INION According to Turlington, board members now are hampered by their r current term of office, "which is somewhat at the mercy of whoever's governor." Turlington called the proposed amendment "a good chance for more continuity in state government." The Alachua County legislator envisions the amendment also possibly increasing terms of State Road Board (SRB) members up to six years, "but I haven't studied this area enough yet to make a concrete decisiona" Florida's amending process requires for approval a three-fifths vote of the members of each house, followed by a majority vote for adoption by the state's registered voters at the next general election. Another process calls for a three-fourths vote of all members (Continued on Paae 4) Fagan Favors UF Pay Raises By JUDY BARNES News Editor State Representative Osee Fagan plans to oppose the '"space age" university until existing needs and debts are covered and pull for UF pay raises as the Legislature opens today in Tallahassee. "I will oppose the 'space age' university until we have met existing needs at UF. It would be penny wise and pound foolish to go ahead on this matter," he said. "I am sincerely hopeful to secure additional pay raises for both professors and members of the non-academic staff at UF," he said. Pagan further intends to oppose any bond financing plan intended for immediate UF use in capital outlay, in favor of raising taxes (Continued on Poae 5) AN SALIS8URY REIGNS AS QUEEN er crown from former Miss UF Pris Sanborn. Looking on nn Flood and Frolics guest singer Anita Bryant. )vid' Choral Palm Sunda-y h UI was Suce succ Univ TI brov Alph Frid perf Pris Alph run spon was SI Sigm the qual reas Mi did CHARLES DAVIS .sings here this Sunday. Davis, a native of Hawaii, studied music at the Juilliard School of Music in New York City. In 1958 he won the Metropolitan Opera Auditions of the Air and since then has appeared in television spectaculars "The Merry Widow" and "Don Giovanni". Davis, who has made several Dean Weil best-selling recordings for Everest Records, has appeared on television with Ed Sullivan, Dinah Shore and Jack Paar. Soprano Doris Yerick made her entry into the world of professional music in 1960 when, on 24-hour notice, she filled in for the indisposed solist in the March 1Clarion Concert in the New York Town Hall. Following her performance she was re-engaged in appearances the following.spring. Since then she has won unusual acclaim -as Pamina In "The Magic Flute", Macaela In "Carmen" and in lead roles in works by Mozart, Monteverdi and Stravinsky. Last summer she sang the lead in "Jeanne d'Arc au Bucher" by Arthur Honegger, who composed "King David", the oratorio being presented at the UF. Beverly Wolff beganher musical c a r e e r as an instrumentalist, p l a y i n g first trumpet for the Atlanta, Ga., Symphony Orchestra. Atlanta orchestra conductor Henry Sopkin discovered her vocal talent in 1946, and after taking a degree in literature at the University of Georgia, Miss Wolff continued her studies at the Academy of Vocal Arts in ]Philadelphia. In 1952 she appeared in Leonarx Bernstein's television production, Trouble in Tahiti". That year she also sang lead in Mozart's "Idomeneo" in Boston. The oratorio will represent the biggest concert event of the year on the campus. It is beingdirected by Dr. Elwood Keister of the Department of Music faculty and is co-sponsored by the Lyceum Council. to Resign To Teach, Research Dr. Joseph Weil, UF College of Engineering dean for the past 25 years, announced last weekend he is giving up his administrative duties as dean to return to teaching and research effective July 1. In submitting his resignation as dean, Weil said the growth of research in the UF Engineering, and Industrial Experiment Station during the past several years has required so much of his time he has lost contact with students and been able to do research himself. "Is granting Dean Weil's reqest to be relied of administrf.e dntie, I do so with fll rele-t-on asd appreciate al his greet contributions to the university, the state and the nation," Reitz said. "I am happy that in the years before his retirement he will have the opportunity to exercise his creative research abilities to the fullest inthe growing and important field of biomedical-engineering." In his future role as a fulitime professor, Weil will work with J. Hills Miller Health Center in developing better liaison between engineering, the physical sciences and medicine. Weil has been a member of the UP facety since 1921. He was named College @ EegieerIng dean in 1937 and Arector ol its aMliated research arm, te engineering odldutrialfxpertmet 3ahien Ia1941. the UF's Department of Music presents the oratorio "King David" in the FloridaGymnasium. The production, involving the 300-voice Choral Union, will also combine the talent of the University Symphony Orchestra with that of Columbia solo artists, Charles K. L. Davis, tenor; Doris Yerick, soprano, and Beverly Wolff, contralto. CHIEF OF THE YELLOW ANTS Taylor books addfreuss Chrymalis, played by Joan Hall, in the Florida Players production of the '"Inmct Comedy." Standing in the rear ishMlke Doyle, a tronp. -Ii 

PAGE 2

Page 2 The Florida Alligator Tuesday, April 2, 1963 A Choir Goes On Concert Tour A FLORIDA CHOIR'S first snowball fight finds (nore than a few members participating. get Lots More from BM more body in the blend more flavor in the smoke c[i_> more taste through the filter It's the rich-flavor leaf that does itt Among L&M's choice tobaccos there's more of this longer-aged, extra-cured leaf than even in some unfiltered cigarettes. And with L&M's modem filter -the Miracle Tip -only pure white touches your lips. Get lots more from L&M -thefiIter cigoreteforpeople who really like to smoke. Sounds of Bach, Brahms and Byron will be presented by the University Choir tonight at 8:15 in the University Auditorium. The choir will be appearing for its annual home concert. ''Blessing, Glory, Wisdom and Thanks" will open the program and a motet, "Sing Ye to the Lord," will close the first portion of the concert. Both selections are by Johann Sebastian Bach. "Liebeslieder Waltzes Opus 52" by Johannes Brahms will be presented. The songs, concerned with the delights of love, are waltzes with the piano integrated into the music. "She Walks In Beauty," a poem by English romantic poet Lord Byron will be presented in the concluding portion of the program. Two spirituals, "I hear A Voice A-Prayin'" and "Goin' To Heaven Anyhow," will conclude the 60-voice choir's concert. The choir is directed by Dr. Elwood Keister, associate professor of music. Sunday, the choir will present its Annual Combined Spring Concert featuring a performance of "King David" by Arthur Honegger. A LAST-MINUTE REHEARSAL before going on tour finds the University Choir working hard. BOARDING A PLANE -are enthusiastic choir membersset for another tour. .'4 

PAGE 3

Jail Holds UF Junior A UF Arts and ScIences junior was being held without bond in Alachua County Jail yesterday in the loss of funds from the State Young Republicans Club and a student housing organization. George Thomas Kruger, 23, of 117 NW 15th St.,was state treasurer of the Young Republicans and bookkeeper for the Cooperative Living Organization (CLO) of Gainesville. Sheriff Deputy Win Phillips estimated more than $1,200 was missing from the two groups. He said details of the case were still under investigation and would not be released until later this week. Kruger was jailed last Friday when he voluntarily went to the sheriff's office and gave a statement concerning the missing funds. He resigned his post as treasurer of the Young Republicans Friday. No charges had been filed yesterday, the sheriff's office reported. UF administrators also said they had taken no official action. X-Ray Truck Now Here A chest X-ray unit willbe located between the Infirmary and Florida Gym Tuesday, April 9, X-rays will be given from 8:30 a.m. to 12 noon and from 1 to 4:30 p.m. The unit will be at the J. Hillis Miller Health Center on Wednesday, April 10, from 8:30 a.m. to 12 noon. The x-rays are free to UF personnel in cooperation with the State Board of Health. Departments desiring preregistration cards may secure them at the Infirmary. New Off icers Head Society Newly elected officers in the local chapter of Phi Beta Kappa, National Scholastic honorary, include: Pres. Dr. John K. Mahon, Vice Pres. Dr. Daniel C. Swanson, Secretary Dr. Robert G.Blake,Treas. Dr. John V. McQuitty and Historian Dr. Manning J. Dauer. Three separate workshops for hospital professions will bring a combined total of more than a hundred persons to the U F Hospital and Clinics in April. The first workshop, for medical record librarians, gets under way InsectComedy To Debut Soon Tickets for the Florida Players Production "The Insect Comedy' Are on sale, from 1 to 5 p.m. at the Information Booth acrossfrom the Hub. They are free to University students with LD. cards. The price for non-students is 50 cents and 75 cents for the general public. The three-act play will be presented at Norman Hall Auditorium Wednesday and Thursday at 7:30 p.m. and on Friday and Saturday at 8 p.m. Because of the stage sets unusual multi-leveled desIgn, no curtain will be ued to mark the play's start, division, or flash -special lighting e cts will be used instead. Thursday, with welcomes from M. T. Mustian, President of the Florida Hospital Association and Jack F. Monahan Jr., FHA's executive director, and concludes with the award of certificates at noon Saturday. Concurrently, beginning Friday, a two-day workshop on food services supervision will be held for managers and supervisors of small hospitals, also ending withpresentations of certificates at noon on Saturday. The third workshop, reviewing neuroanatomy and neurophysiology for the physical therapist, will bf April 19 and 20, with a concurrent statewide meeting of the Florida chapter of the American Physical Therapy Association on Friday evening. While each of the workshops will draw a majority of its teaching faculty from the Health Center's colleges and the Hospital's staff, each will also feature guest speakers from other institutions in the state. Modern practios in each of the workshop occupations will be demoastmated is special exercises for participants, lectures, and discussion sessions. The Florida Alligator Tuesday, April 2, 1963 P ge 3 Board Request ACut too Much CANOE JOUSTERS FIGHT FOR GLORY ..in Saturday's Camp Wauburg PlaydaySurvey Outlines Voter Motivation A survey of the recent Gainesville City Commission election is being conducted by a group of UF students. Purpose is to collect lata for a masters thesis being written by William Hamilton, 7AS, f r o m Orlando. "We hope to discover some of the issues and pei-sonalities causing people to vote the way they did in the election," Hamilton stated. The survey questions about 210 Gainesville residents who voted in the city election. According to Harrilton, voters were asked a total of 19 questions ranging from the voters age to what candidates the voter voted for in the election. "We will take the different questions asked the voter and try to discover if all the people who answered a specific question the same voted for the same candidate. If we discover that this was the case then we can find out what issues made these people vote the way they did," Hamilton said. According to Hamilton, all sections of Gainesville are being covered. About 12 students are conducting the survey. About half the 210 voters have been questioned and, according to Hamilton, most of the voters were willing to answer the questions ask by the students. The survey is expected to be completed shortly. (Continued from Page 1) and initiating a upay as you use" financing plan. Capital outlay askings by the State Board of Control for state institutions were completely cut out by the Cabinet. Operating cost appropriations were cut from $140 million to $107 million. "I believe we've neglected UF capital outlay for a number of years, and to overcome this, I would like to raise taxes to catch up the slack and then put in a 'pay as you use' plan for any outlay intended for immediate use," he said. Fagan feels that Gov. Farris Bryant may have relaxed his negative approach to no new taxes. Concerning appropriations to state universities, UF, Fagan thinks iat the Cabinet's cut of the asking budget by about 30 million was toextensive. ''We must overcome the Cabinet and then raise enough money for appropriations. I thin, our $140 million request was a modest one in the first place," he said. F a g an said the MacDonald Report, of which the "space age" university is a part, has some good points in it, but he is doubtful if the whole costly programwill be implemented. Therefore, he said, only the proper portions must be passed. 'I am in favor of meeting the needs of UF because it is cheaper a n d m o r e practical to build strength on strength." he said. Grad Invites On Sale Now Graduation announcements and invitations are now available at the Campus Shop and Bookstore in theStudent Service Center(Hub), Secretary of OrganiZations Chip Block announced yesterday. The announcements and invitations Aiould be purchased as soon as possible, Block said, so the bookstore can know If it is necessary to reorder. Price is 15 cents each. The announcements and invitations are for the May 4 commencement. -.5 /A 5 -~I -THE ENGAGEMENT RING WITH THE PERFECT CENTER DIAMOND True artistry is expressed in the brilliant fashion styling of every Keepsake diamond engagement ring. Each setting is a masterpiece of design, reflecting the full brilliance and beauty of the center diamond ...a perfect gem of flawless clarity, fine color and meticulous modern cut. Authorized Keepsake Jewelers may be listed in the Yellow Pegee-Visit one in your area and choose from meeny beautiful styles, each with the name "Keepsake" in the ring and on the tag, NOW TO PLAN YOUR ENGAGEMENT AND WEDDING Please send two now booklets, "How to Plan Your Engage. ment and Wedding" and "Choosing Your Diamond Rings," both for only 10c. Also send special offer of beautiful 44 page Side's Book. cOOPE O nRg 550. Wad Rin g S,00 .-RiViEIA ing $300. Aiso to 975-ROBaalNS Eng $St. Wedding lig teO00, I Adde.______________________ All n59s eua~iubie ia eiio o wk/i goid. Pn~es &0"-700.,.,C; Co. inClude .odongi Tax. .ings nieno in .SP b.,,n u ofdoaiis. gyrudeMan5reexsitred "uAEA"m oE isAXI DIAoNnA INes. snuc.use UF Hospital, Clinics Welcome Workshops 

PAGE 4

Page 4 The Florida Alligator Russian Talks Here Dr. Igor Borisovich Borovskiy, Russian originator of one of the new methods of researchof metals and alloys will give a technical talk at the UF today. Dr. Borovskiy Is visiting the United States for one month as part of the State Department's Cultural Exchange Program on agreement between the Academy of Sciences of the U.S.S.R. and the U. S. Academy of Sciences. 206Haverma peak 3'.20 lfvIe k NSa" PR 6-501 LAST gigantic NITE spectacles open 6:30 starts 7pm FIRST RUN SHOWING 19000 Warriors Clash In Blazing Action IIlI #1 in Color at 7 & 11:35 02 hit in color at 8:45 see the clash of the empire The Centurion 13 Jack Palance at 10:10 WAAPJOPS FIVE MERCHANTS PASSES H ONOR ED T ONITE TWO SHOWI NGS ...pretty blonde freshman, is both a TriDelt pledge and a member of ATO's Little Sisters of the Maltese Cross. Marie is a 19-year-old Miamian who A conference aimed at reducing industrial accidents through discussions of the latest techniques in safety engineering opens on the UF' campus Wednesday. The 10th annual conference on accident prevention engineering is sponsored by the UF's Department of Industrial Engineering and by Florida chapters of the American Society of Safety Engineers. The three-day sessions will feature talks by a leader in rehabilitation of the handicapped, two women industrial safety specialists, a banquet address by Secretary of State Tom Adams and other safety experts. Conference keynote speaker is AAUP To Host Baya Harrison I7--'Baya M. Harrison, chairman plans to major in adverof the State Board of Control, rising. will speak on "Quality With Quantity in Florida's Higher Education," at 8 p.m. Thursday in the Law -School Auditorium. FLORID o He will speakbefore a meeting of the UF chapter of the American NOW Association of University Professors. OEELS put on in 5 minutes SOLESPut on in 15 minutes MODERN SHOE ACADEMY AWARDS REPAIR SHOP April 8 -ABC TVa crossfroms The New STATE or Guinesvile Divel Theatre 2400 Hawthorne Rd, Rt. 20 Henry viscardi of West Llewellyn BallardofSouthern Bel Hempstead, N.Y. Crippled since who will discuss a woman's birth, Viscardi now heads a firm reaction to safety programs, and which employs more than 500 badly Mrs. Mildred Baeber, registered handicapped and is a member of nurse for Liberty Mutual Insurance the President's Committee onemCompany. Mrs. Baeber will speak ployment of the Handicapped. on "Today's Industrial Nurse Secretary of State Tom Adams -From Horse and Buggy to Jets", will speak at the Thursdayevening In keeping with the conference banquet in the University Inn. theme "Keeping Safety In Orbit", Also speaking will be Miss there will be a discussion on the safety precautions taken at Cape Canaveral by Martin Company's Richard P. Brown, manager of the Quality Department of the Titan 11 Project. Other speakers include Major Charles A. Speed, director of the North Carolina Highway Patrol Safety Division; L. H. Bornoff, TODAY: safety manager, Stone and Webster Teis UF vs. herst College, Engineering Co., and Captain L.M. Baseball: UF vs. Furman, Perry Adema thA fie rescedemontraie Field, 3 p.m. will accompany the talk by Adema. Film Casis Series:"T(Fre nch More than 100 safety engineers SepAnive Legs"8(French) from the southeast are expected to HSB Auditorium, 1:15 p.m. attend according to conference WEDNESDAYchairman Dr. Donald B. Wilcox Tennis: UF vs. Hope College, of the UF College of Engineering. 3 T s v p l All sessions will be in McCarty 3 pm. t Auditorium. Florida players: -The insect Co med y" Norman Auditorium, 7:30 p.m. Film Classics Series: "BThe S G P re sheep Has Five Legs", MSB Auditorium, 8 p.m. Fills Sp THURSDAY: Florida Players: "The Insect Student Body Pr Comedy", Norman Auditorium, Hendrick has anno 7:30 p.m. appointment of Dennis J AAUP meeting and address by a junior in Arts and Sci Baya Harrison: "Quality With Orlando, as the new Quantity in Florida Higher Eduof Religious Affairs. cation," Law Auditorium, Flanagan, a member 8 p.m. Sigma socialfraternity, as a director of the Flo FRIDAY: Board of Activities,a Baseball: UF vs. Auburn, Perry on the Homecoming Field, 3 p.m. Orientation staff coordi Florida Players, "The Insect Flanagan was Comedy", Norman Auditorium, Hendrick from a lis 8 p.m. candidates submit Club RendezvousDance,FUAudiUniversity of R torium, 7 and 9:30 p.m. Association (URA) cabin Turlington Oppose Student Fee Raise (Continued from Page 1) elected to each house. Used in emergency cases, the proposal is then submitted to the electorate not less than 90 or more than 180 days after legislative adjournment. A majority vote is needed for adoption. In addition to the proposed amendment, Turlington also foresees legislative action on state university student fees. Supported by the Florida State Chamber of Commerce, the move to raise student fees by an as yet undetermined amount would be fought by many legislators, according to Turlington. "We feel our objective is to give an educational opportunity to as many students as is possible," Turlington said. ",The higher these fees are, the fewer percentage of students who will be able to afford college." Student fees now are $113 each trimester. According to Turlington, he supported a successful plan two years ago to raise student fees from $90 to $113, "but we've gone far enough for the present," he added. Turlington also favors a strengthening of existing state university facilities instead of establishing the strongly backed --in some quarters----space-age university" in the Orlando-Cape Canaveral area. Most Canaveral area scientists, mathematicians and researchers could effectively utilize extension courses, such as those offered at the UF, Turlington said. "I can't see how we can finankxy ot 'es. Paul unced the .Flanagan, ences from Secretary r of Kappa has served orida Union a chairman staff and nator. chosen by I of ted by the. religious net. s cially justify another state institution right now," he said. "It could break our back financially." State universities need to expand greatly junior and senior undergraduate facilities, Turlington pointed out, before the state can start think of building another university. Turlington called the term 'space -age university' just a sales pitch to get another university." A strong opponent of "pay-asyou-use" bond financing to build facilities at state universities, Turlington instead proposes raising the needed funds via taxes levied as they are needed. Turlington calls it "simply absurd" to start a long-range financing program to pay for buildings when "use of the buildings is going to increase the state's operational expenditures by as much as the building cost in the first place. All you've done," he said, "is to postpone the tax fight by two or three years." Reluctant to talk much about the'recently proposed abolishment of the Johns Investigative Committee, "until I look into it further," Turlington says he presently favors "a change in its present form and language." "The principal interest of a legislative committee should be to arrive at policies and passage of legislation for such," he said. "I think that the Johns Committee efforts have been dealing with things that are primarily the function of law enforcement." Safety Engineering Conference Subject -ALI& I I 

PAGE 5

Union Lab Prepares Three Publications By WADE EDWARDS Staff Writer In the basement of the Florida Union building exists the "pasteup" world of Don Addis and King. White. Addis and White operate the Board of Student Publication's composition laboratory. With their staff they prepare the pages of three UF publications for printing. The lab's biggest customer is the Florida Alligator, campus newspaper. Using typewriter-like equipment, Alligator stories are converted from typed pages to final form. Then they are pasted on a newspaper-size page with accompanying headlines, illustrations and advertisements. Each completed page is then photographed and its negative is taken to an offset printing shop in Leesburg, where it becomes a printed page. The pages are combined and the finished newspaper is trucked to the campus each weekday morning. The publications lab also prepares Seminole, the yearbook, and New orange Peel, general magazine, pages for printing, as well as incidental pamphlets, brochures and posters. According to Addis, the lab was the brainchild of ex-Board of Student Publications Executive Secretary, K. B. Meurlott, who set it up to save the UF money by doing some of the printer's work on campus. The lab began operating when the Alligator turned daily last trimester. William Epperheimer, acting board executive-secretary, now is responsible for production lab operations. "You won't find another college daily of its size, published as economically as the Alligator," White said. Until White joined the laboratory in January, Addis had along workday load. According to Addis, he often worked 18-hour days to appear in Playboy Magazine's May get student publication pages ready issue. for printing. K i n g W h i t e, an experienced Addis does original art work for newspaperman working on his Alligator advertisers and supplies master's degree in journalism, cartoons for various student pub.came to the UF from the Atlanta lications. Constitution. White supervises the He also does freelance work for nighttime lab operation which preseveral national magazines. A page pares pages for the following day's of his "sex symbol" cartoons will Alleninet WORKING ON A PAGE ...of the Florida Alligator in the composition laboratory are Evy Buzzell and Maryanne Awtrey, managing editor. The Alligator, the Seminole, the New Orange Peel and other publications are produced in the lab. Favored Parking NotCommonAt UF Privilege parking exists on the UF campus, but is not widespread, according to Audle I. Shuler, UF campus police chief. "The northeast quadrant brings the most critism, but its as fair as we can make it," said Chief Shuler. "Parking is assigned on a need and priority basis." Parking is assigned according to the following priority list: handicapped persons, visitors, adminis trative officers, faculty, non-academic staff levels IV and IM arid other special cases considered individually on a need versus space available basis. "CCertain students receive parking preferance in area two but on a trimester basis only whereas other permits are issued on a year to year basis," Shuler said. All ele c t e d members of the Student Government(SG) executive branch and the chief justice of the traffic court have parking per mits in area two near the Florida Union. Certain members of the paid staffs of the Florida Alligator and the Seminole also receive special permits as well as does the president of Florida Blue Key. Temporary parking permits for restricted areas are available to all departments on a need basis for short durations. KUYKENDALL'S PURE OIL Service Station 22 N.W. 13th Street Cracked Eggs -3 doz $1.10 CURRENT BEST SELLERS STRIKE IN THE WEST By Daniel & Hubbell. The Complete story of the Cuban Crisis. Events that were omitted from the news. Up to the minute I $3.50 TRIUMPH by Phillip Wylie. The story of America under an atomic war. A thrilling, teolistic novel by one of America's current masters of fiction. $4.50 MIKE'S 116 SE I1st Street Dr. Irving Goffman, f acuity advisor of Tau Epsilon Phi (TEP) social fraternity recently was presented the ''Most Outstanding Fraternity Advisor Award" by UF Advisor to Organizations William G. Cross. University advisor to fraternities. The presentation was made by Delta Sigma Phi social fraternity at the Delta Sig house Sunday evening. This is the fourth year Council Meets For Last Time The Legislative Council will meet tonight at 7:30, probably for the last time this trimester. The meeting will be in the council chambers on the Florida Union second floor. A ahortparty caucus will precede the meeting. the Delta Sigma Phi's have presented the award. Present at the ceremony were Dean of Men Frank T. Adams, UF Vice-Pres. Harry M. Philpott, most fraternity housemathers and advisors and many fraternity presidents. "The men of Tau Epsilon Phi deserve this award as much as I do. It's a reflection on their improvement," Goffman said. Goffman was named TEPfaculty advisor three years ago, upon the retirement of Dr. Samuel Proctor, who served TEP for 25 years. Arriving at the UF in 1959 from McGill University in Canada, Dr. Goffman now is an assistant professor of economics. He obtained his doctorate degree from Duke University at Durham, N.C. Dr. Goffman is also interim advisor to the Hillel Foundation on campus. The Florida Alligator Tuesday, April 2, 1963Fb5 FOR SALE End table, dining room table, 4 chairs, 2 piece bedroom suite, 2 tables. Good condition. Call FR 6-9078. (A-118-lt-P). FOR SXLE -Black leather Symphonic portable stereo record player in good condition. Must sell immediately. Call Cynthia at FR 2-1675. (A-117-3t-c). BURROUGHS ELECTRIC AddIng Machine for sale. Very reasonable. Call FR 2-1176. (A118-3t-c). 1951 SAFE -WAY TRAILER. 30' x 8' with a 10' x 8' cabana. Fenced -in -yard. $995. See at Archer Road Village, 3620 SW Archer Road, or call Joe Wills, FR 2-6940. (A-110-tf-c). FOR SALE 39' x 8' Southwestern mobile home with two room cabana. Must sell by May4.See aSheffield Trailer Park. 4700 SW Archer Road, or call J. H. Seals at FR 6-1162. (A-111-tf-c). BY OWNER -Very attractive new home five minutes to campus in S. W. Large wooded lot. Beam ceilings, cyprus paneling, hardwood floors, large center hall, tiled kitchen and bathrooms Designed for Florida living. FR 2-0328. (A-111-16t-c). ATTRACTIVEROOM in quie home. Private entrance, kitchen privileges, Excellent for student who needs to study. 372-7883. (B-116-5t-c). TRAILER RENTALS -In town,. $3.50 up per day -out of town, $6.50 up per day. F. & M. Trailer Rentals. 524 NW 8th Avenue. FR 6-3118. (A117-t-c). IDEAL HOME for University and Medical Center personnel. Lovely location 5 minutes from University. Call FR 6-4097. (A115-5t-c). TWO ROOM MATES to share two bedroom apartment with kitchen. Close to campus. $25 per month plus utilities. Call FR 6-987 or see at 1314 NW 2nd Ave. (C118-t-c). MARRIED STUDENTS -Throw off your shackles of conformity and move into decent housing. 2 bedroom-CB home for sale, by student owner. Low dowpayment $66 a month. Added feature -no taxes -outside city limits. FR 6-1908 after 5 p.m. All day weekends. (A-113-tf-c) HELP WANTED -Waiters must be 21 or over. Call FR 2-9335 between 12 and 2 p. m. No experience needed. (E-113-tf-c). 1959 VOLKBWAGON -Excellent condition -$950. Call Frank Cross. Days: FR 6-3261 ext. 2256, nights FR 2-9343. Buck man 4-A. (G-118-3t-c). FOR SALE -1953 Chevrolet 2 door, radio, heater, stick shift. Good condition. FR 2-2119. (0118-5t-P).1 '51 STUDEBAKER. Radio, overdrive, 20 m.pg., good mechanical condition. Best ofer over $75 Call FR 2-5283. (G-117-5t-c). 1957 ALL WHITE FORD CONVERTIBLE. Thunderbird automatic -good condition. Must sell $4. We Patersmon. 306 N. E. 6th Street. Call 4-6 p.m. (G-104-tf-c). WANTED TO BUY '50 through '54 Fords and Chevrolets. Al HIerdon servceStaioE, 916 BE)4th Street* FR 2-1306. (-94-V-c). GOING OVEIMEA* THE YEAR? Buy a new car at Europan priced and save. Mercedes-Bena, Volvo English .Ford or D.W. Cal Hubert Barlow, FR 2-4251, Cram Motor Company. (G-46-40t-c). FOR SALE -TR -3 sports car4 1958 with 1960 engine. Excelled condition. Brand new tires al around. Phone FR 6-7641. (G 114-5t-P). GOING TO EUROPE? TH9 CONTINENT? Let us arramp for a delivery of your new Triump$ or Fiat anywhere. We take yo old car in trade here and rrang for delivery of your newcarthere Use it to tour the continent aja return it to the States with you Call Ken Bowman FR 2-4373 Barkley Motors Inc. Lincoln Mercury -Meteor -Comet Triumph -Fiat. (G-114-13t-c) 1962 RED VOLKSWAGON with sun roof, seat belts, and heater. Looki and drives like now. $1595. Ca FR 2-2975. (G-116-tf-c). TRAILER RENTALS -In Tow $3.50 up per day -out of to $6.50 up per day. F & M Trailes Rentals, 524 NW 8th Ae,-F NICE .TWO BEDRQOM Fur Apartments for students begin May first. Will accomodate up 4 students comfortably. Right ne campus. Reduced rates fo summer. Call Mrs. Jones at F 6-5636. Occupancy may be h at end of thW trimester, (B-112-tf-c) NEW A IR CONDITIONE Apartments for summer for boys or girls. Two room efficiency close to campus. Utilities paid except lights. $115 per month with 4 in apartment. $100per month with less than four. Also renting for fall trimester to boys only. See at 1518 NW 4th Ave. Call FR 6-4353. (B-113-tf-c). TOBEDROOM aprme rwt kitchen and bath. Presently ac comodated 3. $75 per mouth. Available for summer trimester. 503 SE 7th St. FR 2-716. (B118-4-c). MOVING? Avoid semester e rush. Reserve your one w trailer while all sixes are avail able. United Rent-All, 625 NW 8t Ave. Phone FR 6-2835. (1179t-c). RENTALS -House and apartments. Furnished and unfurnished in all sections ofaneaville.Contact W a y n e Mason c/o Arnold Realty Co. Two blocks east of campus, 1119 West University Ave. FR 2-3522. (B-117-t-c). AIR CONDITIONED apartment for rent. Two bedroom, close to campus, completely furnished. Available for summer trimester. Call FR 2-7575 or -FR 6-4819. (B-l 17-t-c). WILL CARE FOR infants or small children by day or night in private home. 1406 NW fthAvenue,Phone FR 6-8961. (M-65-tf-c) EK R'S TV, RADIO, HI F SERVICE -Tbes checked free Free estimates. Next to plorld, Bookstore Parking Lot. 1627 1t Avenue, Phone FR 27326 (M-9-20t-P). FOR' RENT -Furnished' apartment. Completely private Water furnished. $75 per mesh. Also 3 room apartment sg=W floor. $55 per month. Call 2-3794 or FR 2-18. (B-115-7. TEP Advisor Awarded As 'Most Outstanding' WATCH FOR THE. Campus Shop & Bookstore GIGANTIC BOOK & RECORD SALE STARTS WED., APRIL 3 in 

PAGE 6

Page 6 The Florida Alligator Tuesday, April 2, 1963 The Paper Aim:Al111h1& c a uith decec) ,i,; johns committee THE QUESTION of whether or not to abolish the controversial Johns Committee will be subject to close observation when the 1963 state legislature convenes this week in Tallahassee. Several influential legislators are opposed to the continuation of the Johns Committee, including at least two former Johns Committee members themselves. Some of the committee opponents are in favor of its complete abolishment. Another element favors the continuation of a legislative investigation committee of some sort, probably with fewer and more closely defined powers than the present Committee. There also remains an element which strongly backs the continuation of the Johns Committee. PLENTY OF FIREWORKS are expected when the issue of whether or not to continue the committee's existence comes before legislature. Created back in 1956 primarily as a legislative arm to investigate racial strife and subversion, the Johns Committee got its name from its first chairman, State Sen. Charley Johns of Starke, who had served as acting governor following the sudden death of governor Dan McCarty. Since 1956, Johns has been a member of the Committee and has served as committee chairman at various times. The 1957 act which extended the life of the committee also broadened Its authority and gave it the power to investigate "activities of organizations and individuals advocating violence or a course of conduct which would constitute a violation of the laws of Florida." With such an act backing the committee on almost any possible move which it could make, it soon proceeded to draw a bead on several targets, Including at first the NAACP, White Citizens Council and the Ku Klux Klan. Next In line was a McCarthy-like probe into "Communist Infiltration." in the state. The Committee supposedly unearthed the existence of evidence pointing to the proof of a Red-backed plot to use racial tensions in the South as a lever to pry apart the South into opposing factions. THIS INITIAL WAVE OF WITCH hunts was followed by a counterattack on the Committee by the forces of reason through the state. Several suits were leveled against the Committee, forcing it to turn to other areas of investigation. In 1959, it disclosed to the people of the state the extent of homosexual activities in the public school system and in the system of. higher education. This outbreak of charges of homosexuality among faculty members was followed shortly by a rash of dismissals. But what really stirred the ire of the people was the incident at the fledgling University of South Florida last fall. This new Tampa institute was subjected to what originally was to be a look into the suspected homosexual activities at the institution. However, before the Johns Committee was through, faculty members and students at USF had been subjected to an investigation in nature much like the medieval inquires into heresy. Classroom instruction materials, religious beliefs of teachers and political beliefs were the object of the scorn of the Johns Committee. And, to further humiliate the new University, the Committee released a report of the investigation, based largely on circumstantial and nonconclusive evidence, to the Tampa Morning Tribune for dissemination to a large, daily newspaper audience. More recently, Johns committee investigator R. J. Strickland was criticized for his alleged freelance operations. We were recently warned in a letter to the editor from Peter Emmett, Jr., Editor of the Leesburg Commercial newspaper conce rning the highhanded tactics used by the Committee in the controversial Tallahassee morals case involving a motel incident. Emmett said the Committee has overstepped its authority and has assumed too much authority in matters not pertaining to its original function. It charged the Committee was becoming a "police force" rather than a legislative investigating committee. The Committee has influenced the adoption of the somewhat controversial statewide fingerprinting policy, has exposed a black market ring for babies and a '"call boy ring" in Dade County, as well as branding John Kasper as a racial agitator. No doubt there are some reasons why the Johns Committee should be allowed to continue. As Daytona Beach Rep. Fred Karl asserts, the Committee could serve a useful purpose if it avoids witch hunts. He advocates the continuing of a legislative arm between sessions. WE REALIZE THE state legislators are in a far more better position to correctly evaluate the activities, pro and con, of the Committee than ourselves. We however, feel ththeJohns Committee has not lived up to Its original purposes sd has overstepped its authority in many areas in initiatis and carrying out the sensationalistic witch hunts of the past. As abssi minimum, we would at least like to see the Committee's name edand a partial turnover in committee membership to incldai' s radical elements. Until the Committee's name is changed, it willI ntinue to be branded with its past record and with all the old con ott8s, Perhaps a "watchdog committee" limited ia wer$ ad possessing strictly defined ihority would costitut4 nefit for the state. We do not know. THE DAYS OF witch-houting in America ariwthe past--we hope. McCarthyism died dith ItS ftouder; HUAC l.'4 been on a downhill path for years.Andoathestate level,the days o the Johns Committee, we feel, are number. The Florida Alliga r ditor ......,.aDavid Lawrence Jr. Maw M. ..M aryann Awtrey, Ben Garrett Business Manager ............Jay Fountain THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the UnIvqietty of Florida and is published daiy except Saturday and Study. MFLORIDA ALLIGATOR is entered assecond class matter at the Uted States Post Offlee at Gainesv~fe Florida. Offices are located I sRooms 10, aid It the Plrida Ufta Building Basemeat. Telpbone University o Flerlde, FR 6-3261, txt. 2832, and request either edlorialoice or businew ce. Remember This? "You'll learn the Grand Old Democratic American way and like it!"____ LIERS: Mutually Acceptable Solution EDITOR: Many legislators who are hesitant to vote necessary funds for Florida's universities will have h e a r k e n e d to Senator Mallory porne's question as to how the University of Florida can be so hard up when it has the money to buy a golf course. Of more direct concern yet should be the question of how the University can justify extending its entertainment-athletic functions ata time when the call for academic excellence goes out to a student body which already has more than enough distractions to cope with. The opening of the golf course cannot help but place the University in a serious conflict of interest situation. While the left Clive Taylor academic hand will be exhorting students to give their all in order to meet the demands of an accelerated learning schedule under the trimester, the right athletic hand will be sending out siren calls appealing to student loyalty to save the Athletic Association from bankruptcy by spending more afternoons on the golf course. At a time when the fifteen week trimesters are already interrupted by all manor of social events for the benefit of alumni and staff po 1 it i c i ans, the additional distraction cannot help but water down the content of trimester courses even more. An article in this morning's Alligator, dealing with the problem of allowing Negroes athletic participation within the lily-white rules The Unpleasant Side Of Life' Phyllis was stupid; and like many other stupid girls in London she had borne a normal child. Its father, Abdul, had returned to his Mid-Eastern country, and was never seen again. So here she was at 21, keeping a six-week old baby, and looking forward to a life which was not quite going according to plan. I purposely use .the word 'keeping'because it would CLIVE TAYLOR .Liberal ue an exaggeration to say she was cherishing it; in fact she slept most of the-day and worked at a strip club In Soho until the early hours of the morning. So the baby was hardly 'mothered'. But let me give her credit where it is due. She was not a prostitute .at least not yet. She even held the somewhat chimerical hopethat she would never become one. Not so her boss, a Maltese immigrant, who specialized in turning girls of easy virtue into women with no Virtue. She herself was an immigrant, Irish like half theother immigrants in London. (Please readers of Irish descent, I am not challenging the chastity of your womenfolk, I merely piced an example at random). Like many country girls who suddenly face the excitement of the big city, she was drifting to ruin and degradation. She was becoming a member of one of those large groups found in almost any metropolis who satisfy the less Puritasical needs of the pleasure seemrs. Hr face already showed lime of care and fast living, but she had not yet like many of her friends, gained one of the 'normal' attrthbutes of addiction, perversion, and/or disease. These will probably come to her later. Her future? Her attitude at present does nct seem to indicate that she will not become one of those rather pitiful hags who live in poverty to the degree to which the favors they grant are cheap. There is a moral to this little story of one person's life in London, but I hardly think it needs further amplification. To those who dislike reading about the more unpleasant side of life I would refer St. Luke Ch. 15. Perry Field Ir EDITOR: The Florida Gators' baseball team is currently ranked fourth .nationally. The ability 'of the baseball team IS not elected in the conditions Under h the team and its opponents moat play. 1. Is the second uaMpdenSidney game, a hard hit sl from the bat of a Flordte pa'struck the opposing pitcher on M knee. This player lay on the ground, obviously in great pain1 for at lOast fifteen minutes. He was then carried from the field by six baseball players. Placed i0 the back seat of a station wagon, he was then driven to a hospital. Why wasn't an ambulance or at least a doctor present at this athletic event? What would have occurred if that boy bad been struck on the head? of the Southeastern Athletic Conference, suggests a compromise idea which should satisfy the various pressures whichhave been brought to bear on the various parts of the University administration. The idea would be to open the golf course all right, but to restrict use of it to Negro students and Negro residents of Gainesville. This solution should make all quarters happy. Athletic Association officials would be eligible to enter that higher Nirvana reserved for golf course operators. Negro students would be compensated for being barred from such relatively plebeian sports as baseball. Gainesville could claim to be the only southeastern townunder 60,000 with James Preston and a Negro golf team. Segregationists would be comforted by the thought that yet another obstacle had been placed in front of Negro students seeking to complete their higher education in mixed institutions. Finally, the white students would be saved from having to make those awful choices. Possibly it might even be possible for some Kappa Alphas with B averages to work as caddies so asto accumulate funds for their annual jamboree. Arnold J. Heidenheimer Poor Shape bit to the infield and outfield have taken Inore tricky bounces than is usual in a baseball game. Also, the "'bil" in left field is difficult Ostalq for leftfielders to overcome. .Student support of the baseball team is very poor. The University has averygoodbaseball team sa0 it deserves a better fate thM playing before practically empty bleachers. 4. Lack ofstudentsupport might be partiay attributed to the poor c o n d i tion of the bleachers. Splinters are an obstacle that the spectator must put up with unless he brings something to sitonother than the bleachers themselves. In closing, I would like to urge every student to attend at least em gam before finals start. Richard Swan 2. Perry Field is nt in an excellent playing condition. Balls (PS -Don't forget your "m9at".) I I 

PAGE 7

The Florida Alligator Tuesday, April 2, 1963 Page_7 Does The U.S. Have An Effective Cuban Policy? EDITOR: SINCE THE BAY of Pigs invasion fiasco two years ago, the Kennedy Administration has pursued a policy of employing propaganda, news manipulation, and doubletalk whenever confronted with the problem of Cuba. This policy has lost much of its intended effectiveness because there is available a continual flow of information from sources within the Cuban underground. However, there can be no doubt as to the confusion created by the policy. One fairly obvious fact emerges from all of this. It appears that we do not have a forceful and concrete Cuban policy, but rather one that is as changeable as the During the latter part of the Eisenhower Administration, it was felt that, in the interests of national security, the Castro regime must be toppled. Accordingly, plans were drawn up that would achieve this objective by means of invasion. Approved by President-elect John F. Kennedy in the fall of 1960, it was not long before the plan became actuality and wasfound wanting. Promising full air cover to the Cuban invaders, the Administration suddenly ordered withdrawal of that cover at the very time that the Cubans were arriving at the beachhead. Thus, victory became defeat, and the President assumed responsibility for the failure. OBFUSCATION SEEMS TO BE the rule from this point onwv -d. It was later expressed that the U.S. would seek to bring about the overthrow of the Castro government through imposition of an embargo. The proposal received strong Congressional support a year-and-a-half ago, as it continues to do so today. Meanwhile, Soviet oil, munitions, and other cargo necessary for a wartime economy continue to pour into Cuban ports --More recently, the Administration called for an attenuated form of embargo when it called upon the allied nations to withhold shipments of goods, and extension of assistance to Cuba. How effective have these requests been? Freighters laden with cargo continue to ply toward Cuban ports from Western Europe and the Communist bloc. The United Nations Special Fund (to which American taxpayers contribution is 40%) has allocated funds in order to train Cuban pilots and mechanics at the UN's International C i v i 1 Aviation Organization training center in Mexico City---for purposes which have high military value. LATE LAST SUMMER, AT THE same time when Congressional leaders were informing the American people vi the rapid weapons and missiles buildup occurring within Cuba, Administration officials were denying the allegations, until mid-October. It was only when the President(while campaigning for Democratic congressmen up for re-election) became aware of the extent of public concern that he decided that measures must be initiated to deal more effectively with the Cuban s itu at ion. -The President returned to Washington to draw up plans for the ensuing navalblockade of Cuba. It is interesting to speculate whether the President was acting from motives of national interest alone, in that the announcement of the blockade came only two weeks before the elections. --The extent of the blockade was limited to ensure only removal of 'offensive" weapons --long-range missiles and bombers. Requiring "on-thespot" inspection, the President later compromised with aerial inspection only as the condition for the termination of the blockade. A.s the effectiveness of the Cuban blockade was extremely limited, the opportunity to press for solution of the entire Cuban problem was lost. At that time, it should be remembered, the U.S. was supported in its decision and any action that might arise from it, by every nation of the hemisphere as well as by our Western allies. THE ESSENCE OF THE NEWS released by the Administration was that there was a sudden and rapid buildup of military personnel weapons, and missiles occurring within Cuba during the latter part of October. The truth was that the buildup had been occurring over a period of months, not days, as emphasized in government news releases. Later, we were informed that Soviet Premier Khrushchev had promised the removal of allSoviet military forces from Cuba by the end of March. The end of March has passed, and we note that there was, at best, only token removal of approximately 3,000 troops. The thousands of Soviet military cadre and technicians are remaining in Cuba for two very basic reasons: (1) to maintain the Communist regime in Cuba (guarding against possible internal revolution, or an external invasion); (2) to train Latin Americans in guerrilla warfare and sabotage techniques. Infiltration and subversion of Latin American governments and economies is occurring at an accelerated pace --YET ONLY A FEW MONTHS ago, the President stated that these types of activities in Latin America would not be tolerated by the U nited States. It appears ho, ever, that today these activities ARE being tolerated. A lt ho ug h the Alliance for Progress program has much merit, it should be noted that American capital as well. iore important than capital, we need the confidence of not only the masses, but especially that of the educated oligarchy now in political and economic power in Latin America. Their confidence in American policy has reached a dangerously low point. Without their confidence and capital, the Alliance for Progress can only become the Alliance for Communism. Concerning the recent San Jose Conference, it is interesting to note that many of the Central American leaders were less than h a p p y by President Kennedy's omission of a statementof aforceful American policy, aimed at Castro's isolation and eventual overthrow, either by means of partial blockade or quarantine. Within recent days, both the President and Defense Secretary McNamara have stated that Cuba is no longer a direct threat to Latin American nations. However, the President at the Conference offered U.S. military force to any Central American republic that might request it. Perhaps then, the phrase "direct threat" carries an especial connotation known only to those within the Administration. WHO, THEN, HAS BEEN responsible for our nation's ineffectual Cuban policy? It would be convenient to place much of the blame upon President Kennedy. I believe that most of the responsibility, however, lies with the presidential advisers--especially, Arthur Sclesinger, Jr. Walt Whitman Rostow, and Adlai Stevenson. These men are all outstanding members of the ultra left-wing organization of American Fabian socialists known as Americans for Democratic Action. Many of the A.D.A.'s polocies are either identical or closely parallel those of the Communist Party, U.S.A. Much of policy of managing the news must be attributed to Pentagon Defense Secretary Arthur Sylvester, who, when testifying recently before the House Information Subcommittee in defense of news management, stated, that the Government has the right, if necessary to lie to save itself when it's going up into a nuclear war.". .. ENTER CONTEST NOWI! Movie Actress Lael Jackson Will Have Dinner at a Fraternity House Hollywood starlet Lael Jackson, who will arrive in Gainesville Sunday evening March 31 to promote the world premiere of the motion picture "The Garbage Man" will be guest of honor Tuesday, April 2, at one of the fraternity houses of the University of Florida. MEN, HERE IS ALL IT TAKES TO WIN THIS CONTEST and have this beautiful movie actress as your guest. Simply "dress up" a GARBAGE CAN (any size) in the most unusual way you can think of. Have the garbage can on display in front of your fraternity house between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. Tuesday, April 2. The most original and creatively dressed garbage can w-Il win. Judge of the contest will be motion picture producer Robert B. Steuer. Who Will Have Movie Actress Lael Jackson for Dinner? These men, with others that I THE IMPORTANT FACTOR in have not mentioned, I feel have shaping and guiding American played important roles in foreign policy in Latin America fashioning our '-no win, sure fail" must be the realization that the policies. onus of responsibility for mainSome of these very Administrattaining the security of the Western ion apologists are vigorously Hemisphere lies primarily upon opposing a forceful American the American nation---upon the policy in regard to Cuba, insisting American people. that such action would drive Russia that much closer to Red China. If we do not respond now or in It must be realized that the difthe near future, the opportunity ference existing between these two will be forever lost, and the rumble great Communist powers is merely that shakes Latin America today over the means that should be will become the chaotic earthemployed to bring about the desquake of tomorrow, toppling to truction of the American Republic destruction nations, governments, as we11 as the other free, and institutions throughout the capitalistic societies. ......In length of the western Hemisphere. short, the argument is over the best way to bury us, as Khruschev has said he would. MAI Medit ..fo George J. Hubert Jr. 3 Pharmacy CSEZ: "Expect More and Get Morel" OUR FAMOUS KC Strip Steak um -$1.35 Large -$1.65 And r you hungry ones, we now have. Extra Large $2.00 Above served with Tossed Salad, French Fries, Hot Rolls and Butter London Broil Steak French Fries, Tossed Salad.$1.00 LARRY'S WONDERHOUSE RESTAURANT 14 S.W. 1st St. FR 2-2405 Opes TillI P.M. OF LONG ISLAND ISITY -BROOttVtLtJ, LONG 1 0, N.Y. Member, The College 10rd -A-reted by Mitu'h States ation Now Accepting Applications for TWO 5-WEEK SUMMER SESSIONS DAY & EVENING June 24th to July 26th -July 29th to August 30th NEW MEN'S and WOMEN'S RESIDENCE HALL; AVAILABLE An exceptional blend of modern, superior educelonal ondcufturol facilities on a traditional 126-ocre.campus setting: this is C. W. Post College o the North Shore of Long Istond, one hour from midtown Monhattan. Nearby are famous beaches, soiling clubs, summer stock theatres, porks, golf courses. On-compus features include swimming, gymoaslum, riding, bowling, theatre and concerts. ACCELERATE YOUR DEGREE PROGRAM UNDERGRADUATE COURSE offerirvga include studies in Liberal Arts & Sciences, Pre-Professional, Pro-Engineering, Business, Education, Dance Workshop. GRADUATE COURSE offerings include studies in Biological Sciences, Education, English, Guidance and Counseling, History, Library Science, Mathematics, MusIc Education and Polico Science. DISTINGUISHED VISITING AND RESIDENT FACULTY OUTSTANDING LIBRARY FACILTIES APPLY NOW. Adielsson open to VISITING STUDENTS from ether accredited cottege. Per edaditenal Inermaetn. summer btuetin aned a,,ction,phne MAyfar.1200 er messepen -----------------------------Director of Summer School, C. W. Post College, P.O., Greenvole, L. L. N.Y. Ptesse send me %mnoer Sessions leforenetien bultett C.P 0 Women's Residence Nell D Men's Resience Hall -Undergraduate [3Graau.te 0 D ay 0 Evenin, Nam e. Address .-. ................... CRY .....s.e. ,,ntdes,,,,emet. tee.eis.a.e?. LEULRS PER--- 

PAGE 8

Page 8 The Florida Alligator Tuesday, April 2, 1963 Gators Rattle Furma By MARTY STONE Sports Writer Florida's baseball Gators got back in the groove yesterday by downing the Furnqan Paladins 127 at Perry Field. The Gators will again face the Paladins today at3 p.m.at Perry Field. Head Coach, Daea Fuller, announced that Charlie Anderson w o uld be the Gaor'S starting pitcher. Furman started things rolling in the first inning when Dave Beck SEC Standings Cswns mes* AU es w L INS. W L Pet. Aubum 4 01i.00 4 4 3W Teuaoe. 3 36 I 4 a U0 Keatscky 2 S 1.0" 5250iLm rLOsa 4 2 U s a aa Osaruta 4 4. 3 5 4 OGrdsaTee 0 4AUS 2 7.5= Varbt S 7 .US N 7 .SA wEesa, atwsx WsMU2i Sat" 1 SILM 4 1 .U5 Talame 3 1.U 4 s i aabama 2 2 44M 6 US LaU 1 3 .e a a a mtaak~gim S t W 4 2im UF, Amherst In Net Match Florida's varsity tennis team takes on Amherst College today in a match today at the UF varsity courts. The Gators have an 8-2 record go ng into today's match with losses only to Georgia and FSU. Friday the UF netters lost to Georgia 7-2 and beat Georgia Tech 5-4 Saturday. In singles matches today coach Bill Potter will go with 1. Bill Tym, 2. Jerry Pfeiffer, 3. Fred Shaya, 4. Ron Rebhuhn, 5. Bob Agnew and 6. Don Loeman. In doubles play Florida will match Tym and Pfeiffer, Rebhuhn and Bobby Dodd, Shaya and Losman against Amherst doubles teams. Know Your OpportunityPitbcus That's a big order from Pittecus ut oppotunty In a career m h eeses obscure then you eeea. 9 you have Initiative and Aneslnl *YO ""should "wti-the oppotuuntie In infe insurance -as and sai Tabs the time now to phone. or *Alp by wed alt with the head of our oefle unit about the advanltpe of lba sI in the We um-emme bushm. David R. MecCoMd b& 13744, tUniv Station M Vm6-116 E LIFEj and Phil King both singled. Sam Pickens boomed a long triple to deep right center, scoring Beck and King. Pickens then scoredon a sacrifice fly.,Furman scored two more in the second and ninth innings. Florida came right back in the bottom of the first with two runs on two walks, a single by Earl Montgomery and a sacrifice fly by Tom Moore. In the second inning the Gators picked up four big runs on salCles by Bob Coleman anrl Randy Morcroft, and a double by Tom Moore. T h i r d baseman Moore and second baseman Morecroft were tops in the runs-batted-in column with three apiece. The Gators also stole three more bases,bringing their season's total to 40. Lefthandar Jim Elliott went the roube for the Gators, allowing seven rues on ten bits. He struck out seven Paurman batters while n, 12-7 giving up only two walks. It was the eighth straight complet, garr.by a Gator pitcher. Bob Rasmussen, the starter and loser for Furman, gave up six runs on fourhits and walked three during his 1 2/3 innings on the mound. David Jacoby finished the game, allowing six more runs on six hits. He walked five and struckout three. Last weekend the Gators stlUt a two game series withethGeorgia Buldogs. Florida's overall record is not 10-2. THINGS ARE LOOKING DOWN .for world champion pole vaulter John Pennel. On this, his third try at16 feet 4 inches and a new world's record, Pennel brushed the bar, sending it and his hopes f or a record falliIng to the earth. Champion Vaulter Pennel Has Unique Story of Success By ERNIE LITZ Sports Writer John Pennel, holder of the world's pole vault record and the F lo r i d a Relays record, has a unique story attached to his success. After clearing 15'-9" in the Shreveport Relays March 16, Pennell cracked his favorite pole. Coach Bob Groseclose had already ordered his vaulter a new pole, but the factory was temporarily out of them. He put in ahurried call to an old friend, Rice assistant track coach Augle Frfurth, who shipped PFnnel a pole. Pennel used the pole once in practice, on the Wednesday before Saturday's Memphis Relays, cleared 16 feet with it, and then set his 16'3" record on Saturday. As for Pennel's outstanding performance is the Florida Relays the first thing he said after failing to set the new record was, "I'm only sorry I couldn't do more for these fine people here in Florida." Pennel's home town is Miami. When asked whether he hadused any special training or techniques in preparing for the Florida Relays Pennel replied, "No, I didn't do anything different. As a matter of fact I vaulted less this past week and concentrated more on running." Pennel was f a r from disappointed at his showing, "I'm certainly not going to give up now. I actually went over the bar on that last try, but I hit it with my chest coming down. The funny thing Is is that I always have trouble withcomingdown, my chest always seems to get in the way." Pennel modestly refused to take credit for his success. "My coach and my parents have given me a lot of confidence. They have believed in me and Coach has worked hard with me." After Pennel's third try at the record his mother came running up to him and embraced him and cried, "It was the pole's fault, John, not yours!" Dean D.K. Stanley of the UF School of Health and PhysicalEducation, who was head field judge, called the vault, "Simply fantastic! He came as close to that record as a human being possibly-can without setting it." At the end, all Pennel could say was, "I want to thank everyone who came here and all I can say is that I feel great!" r U Senior iTalks Al UF Dinner Senator. George Smathers, who captained Florida's 1936 basketball team, will be featured speaker at the University ca Florida All-Sports Banquet Thursday. This announcement was made Saturday by Gator Athletic Director and Head Football Coach Ray Graves, who also said the banquet will honor the eight Gator intercollegiate athletic teams. It is scheduled to begin at 6:30 p.m. in the student Service Center on campus. "We are certainly pleased to have a manofSenatorSmather's reputation and backgroundtospeak to our athletes," said Graves. In addition to three basketball letters during his varsity career at Florida, Smathers was a numeral -w in ne r on the 1932 freshman football team. Jimmy Kynes, captain of Florida's 1949 football team and now administrative assistant to Governor Farris Bryant, will emcee the program. Numerous special awards willibe given, including the Walter Matherly Trophy and the Fergie Ferguson award. Members of all athletic teams will receive lettermen's certificates arsisenlor plaques. Matherly award, given annually to the senior whose academic average has been highest during his career at Florida, will be presented by Clifton Oliver, professor in the School of Business Administration. Jacksonville television personality Dick Stratton, also a former Gator athlete, will present the Ferguson award to a senior m e m b e r of the Florida football team. Mural Banquet Set Tonight The annual Intramural Department awards banquet will be held tonight in the Blue Room of the Student Service Center (Hub) starting at 6 p.m. Student director George Keep will give awards to the championship Orange and Blue League winners. Several other awards will be given out. THE NEW STATE and GAINESVILLE DRIVE-IN THEATRE 24w0 H dwtbm m.Rt 20. I I go WHAT'S NEW IN PAPERBACKS? ART & EXISTENTIALISM.edited by V.C.Chappell CATCHER IN THE RYE .J.D. Salinger THE LEGEND OF THE WANDERING JEW -.Joseph Boer THE CLASSIC THEATRE -Vol. I,i, III & IV EITHER -OR, Vol I & II. Kierkegaord THE EGO & THE ID .Sigmund Freud NATURE OF POETRY .D.A. Stouffer LA AMERICA LATINA DE HAY --Cbang-Rodriguez PROFESSIONALENGI NEERS EXAMINATION Questions & Answers .La Lande QUANTUM THEORX-OFATOMIC STRUCTURE 0.Slater THE BROWE SHOP Cwmpusihap &bsekstor., Uivauty Center ---------------I 
