
PAGE 1

weather: volcanic ash expected, lows near zero, highs in 110 s april fools' day the incandescent florida mstilgator Have a crappy day Pubbshd by Crakp CommuniCa, ns, Inc Gansne, Fla not offly assocaed w h Lyndon La Roche -were Beatr Criser ousted;Big Guy in Bv JOHN WOULDN'T "y % oil %.%JJPA Sun Staff Writer then ordered the controversial paving of the Plaza of the Americas, Baby Gator Nursery and Lake Alice. In a move that left UF administrators in stunned disbelief, "Oh, what the hell, pave Graham Pond too," the brawny, UF Provost Bob "Moammar" Bryan overthrew UF President beefy, burly, balding bilious Bryan barked. "And I think the Marshall Criser in a bloodless coup in Tigert Hall Monday. Ocala National Forest would look divine if we spruced it up Criser could not be reached for comtnent. Sources say he with a dab of concrete here and there." was last seen being flown by U.S. helicopter to UF's Animal A cry of protest sprang from the crowd of onlookers. One of Research Laboratories, screaming "Why do you want to study them charged toward Bryan. my social behavior patterns?" Although Criser could not be Bryan produceda piece of white chalk from his breastreached, "Baby Doc" Bryan had plenty to say. pocket and drew a "line of death" across the top step. "I should've been running this #@*!!*# university years "Any anti-Pla7;a-ztmg4Qmonstrators cross this line and I'll ago,"the new"Provost-ForLife"declared from the front steps flag their recr"s;" he siarled: The students hastily retreated. of Tigert, with his wife Imelda Marcos Bryan at his side. Bryan, Tigert sources say they saw the revolt coming after Criser dressed in camouflage fatigues and sporting Gucci sunglasses, refused t1 anoint Bryan with the title of "Big Guy" last month. Senseless official Delegal-Gordon organ transplant spark est By HOWARD JUNEAU ing of science. And what man n dis Alligator Staff Guy he wants to destroy. And he will destroy in an vicious, savage, Cro-magnon, adjective-ridden Once again, miffed and angry, stirred and way he can. Really. 0disturbed, riled and sweaty, animal rights wayeonuRersay groups gathered to hold a candlelight press "Dey don't understand. I vill succeed. Din conference to protest the proposed transplanst da beginning of a new era vith animal politation of various sensory organs from former ticians. Dey vill be betta, stronga, faster den Mayor-Commissioner Gary Gordon to former dey vere before. Vee haf da technology. Vee ASFAC Coordinator Tad Delegal. can Vebuild dem." Melkenstein said. Mi Self, spokesperson for A.R.F. (Animal Sar Shultz, Minister of Information at Revenge Front) and former rhythm guitar Shands Hospital, told UF police chief Buc player for the Shundelles, told a group of Testerone, "I know nothing. I see nothing." reporters that he abhors all types of violence to To which Testerone replied. animals, but cruelty to former elected officials Bom Toyer, former troubador and presiwas the meanest trick in the book. dent of the Young Mafiosos, told Tillie the "I abhor all types of violence to animals, but automatic teller and other high-ranking power cruelty to elected officials is the meanest trick brokers that the scientists weren't going to get it the book," Self murmured softly. him. "Next week, if the experiments don't stop, "Any of you homos touch me, I'll kill you," we are going to blow the lab to hell with Toyer leered. "We mucho powerful. Big guns. plastic explosives," Self added off the record. Nukes. The big boys. Oscar Brennan. Done fu "That will fix their little red wagon. But don't wi us." print that." When Candy Lovejoy, head lab nurse at Victor Von Melkenstein, dressed in a stunShands Animal Sexual Behavior Unit, was ning gold lame jumpsuit with matching wedasked to comment on the experiment, she gies and a stylish, but not too daring black lace laughed, then unbuttoned her blouse to reveal naracn] ld A lliJy 5 iiigm 'ary1-r--Aue paraso, totest igator strange a isune that the protests stem from a misunderstandsee BEAST, page 28 Alligator execution planned By JOSHUA WINOWITZ Alligator Staff Thug Student Honor Court Chancellor Phil Dingle sentenced all Independen Florida Alliga(or reporters to death yesterday for printing his last name. Honor Court Spokesman Skip Terd said he could not understand the chancellor's reasons but said that "it's always nice to have you people rotting somewhere." Alligator editors said they were "disturbed" by the decision and intend to appeal, but Student Affairs Assistant Dean Mike Rollo said they couldn't. "No way," Rollo said. "You're all cooked." He refused to elaborate, citing the Buckley Amendment, which provides administrators with a handy excuse when they don't feel like talking about things that make UF look bad. Before announcing the sentence, Dingle grinned broadly and said, "Go ahead, print something. Make my day." He then ordered all student senators to "drink plenty of liquids and apply moisturizing cream." Dingle, about the cleverest darn person to walk the face of the globe since Charles Darwin printed his now-famous Monkeys Are People, Too, said, "After 24 years of teasing, I am finally in a position to take harsh measures against my adversaries." He then announced sanctions against Imelda Marcos, new wife of UF Provost-forlife Bob Bryan, who was laughing hysterically and cursing a blue streak. In a tersely worded statement, Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen offered Alligator staffers his condolences and a 5gallon can of Sanford's rubber cement. Rumors increased when Bryan moved his desk into Criser's office, and hung a portrait of Imelda on the wall. Criser, eager to placate his explosive adjutant, said nothing. Then the phone calls began. "They (the midnight phone calls) are horrible," a nervous Criser said last week. "Someone who says they're Lee Iacocca keeps calling and saying 'Buy a car, get a check. Buy a football team, get three years probation.' It's driving me crazy. It's almost enough to make me resign." Tigert insiders say Criser was pushed out of office by Bryan when the new strongman claimed he had pictures of Criser and U.S. Senator Paula Hawkins snuggling in a hay-filled wagon during Criser's fraternity Woodser back in 1952. All the President's Men Flash Gordon/Instigator Addressing the Florida senate approved the plan and raised tuiMonday, UF President Marshall tion 1,500 percent in order to help Criser announces his plan to boost foot the bill for changing "all that UF's reputation by changing the darn stationery," Criser said. school's name to Harvard. Senators Wednesday is Sunday at Maxine-less UF 0 CRISER CRIES OUT UF President Marshall Criser announced Monday that UF is not graduating enough students named "Maxine." In a tersely-worded statement, Criser told professors to be easier on students named Maxine "or with a name that sounds like a bird." 0 BROWN KEY Members of Florida Blue Key leadership honor society have decided to add the words "The Prestigious" to the organization's name. 0 IT'S A"MAZE"ING The University Police Department announced Monday it has discovered the remains of an unidentified UF student in the fourth floor of General Purpose Building A. "We don't like to call it Turlington Hall," Police Spokesman Matterhorn Williams said. "Anyhow, we figure he was looking for something up there, got lost and died. We categorically deny that it has anything to do with the three tons of deadly mustard gas we found next to the body." 0 WAR IS PEACE Student Honor Court Chancellor Phil Dingle announced in a tersely-worded statement Monday that "Wednesday is Sunday at UF." He refused to elaborate, citing the Buckley Admendment and Baker Act. E LAID TO WASTE Century Tower crumbled to the ground in a frenzied heap yesterday after eight members of The Prestigious Florida Blue Key were expelled from UF. "I don't understand it," FBK's president, Wrong Turn said, and left since they got here." Delt-Delt Groupleader Tommy Northern and "We're-sopowerful-it's-just-incredible" Groupleader Stan Noxious refused to comment, citing the Buckley Admendment. N ALSOBROOK PULLS OUT University Relations Vice President Al Alsobrook announced his resignation Monday in a tersely-worded statement, saying only that he is "tired of having relations with the university. I want to move up to animate objects." Assistant Student Affairs Dean Mike Rollo, fresh from a student affair ("it was lovely, but the deli platter wasn't quite up to standards") refused to comment, citing the Buckley Amendment. -Compiled by "Pompous" Weinstein I 

PAGE 2

2, alhgator, tuesday april 1, 1986 Student Senate to decide on card stunt By SHARON KENNEDY passed last week but must be beard again th is week to take with Student Government monies because almost 600 of the Alligator Writer effect. cards, which are held up to form pictures and words as the This is not the first time the senate has dealt with ODK and football team runs onto the field, were lost or damaged. After a one-week recess, the Student Senate will meet the Gator card stunt. Last semester, the Student Senate voted to In other business: tonight to hear five bills and will make its final judgment on the take the job away from ODK and began looking for another $ Te Arcigtecture rg ounl s preting more than Gator card stunt. student group to take over the stunt. $3,000 to bring three lecturers to UF as part ofa lecture series The short agenda also includes a lecture series for UF's But ODK's Card Stunt director, Rob Harrison, challenged m Accent, SG's speaker's bureau, is asking for $3,000 from architectural college and travel expenses for a UF bicycle club. the decision in Student Honor Court. The court decided in the senate to cover the cost of the second speech given by sex The recommendation to take the Gator card stunt away Harrison's favor, saying the IS, Committee did not follow therapist Dr. Ruth Westheimer in February. from Omicron Delta Kappa honorary fraternity by the Student correct procedures. E Team Florida Bicycle Racing Club is asking for almost Senate's Information and Investigation (ISI) Committee was The ISI Committee again found tha: ODK was irresponsible $3,000 to buy jerseys and cover publicity and travel expenses Corrections Ilotly Jensen is a member of Tme running out on SG budget ler the Ethical Treatment Tim ru nig o t n S bu ge th sf Animals (PETA). The Alia By SHARON KENNEDY majority vote after two readings. Any changes in Union, what have we gained'?" ior reported otherwise Monday. Alligator Writer the budget must also pass through two senate ASFAC Coordinator Kim Bonder said the planned paving proThe countdown begins, votes, budget will be completed at this Sunday s ect at UF's Plaza of the AmeriStudent Government's yearly race against the If the deadline is not met, UF administrators ASFAC meeting in time for the senate's April 8 cas. The Alligator printed othclock is underway as the Activity and Service Fee can allocate ASFAC's budget without student meeting. erwise in Monday's edition. Advisory Committee, Student Senate and the approval. ASFAC has not cut the Union's budget, senate's Budget and Finance Committee hammer With only three senate meetings left this semesBonder said. PROPOSED PLAZA ter, the senate will not have much time toOK the But she said the committee asked the college PA VING PLAN With only three student senate budget by the end of the spring term. If not, councils to keep all travel requests to a $200 ProposedplantopaveportonsofthePlazaof summer senators will be left with the budget maximum. the Americas during Spring Break meetings /eft this semester, the decision. Bonder said she expected senate officials to call senate willnot have much time to One of the most controversial items on the at least one special session before the ASFAC OK the annual budg-et by the end budget wilt be the Reitz Union. Student senators budget is passed. a g have threatened to cut funds for the Union if UF "Lat ys te of the Spring term. does not lower parking fines. Union budget because they thought the adminisBut UF administrators have told senators if the no bdebcasthyhugthedmiout the ASFAC budget before the June 30 Union's budgetnis slashed, they will take away tration should pay for some of the costs," Bonder deadline. student control of the Union and possibly SG's said. "The administration threatened to veto the ASFAC is the nine-member student advisory control of more than $4 million in student budgetrbecause they did not havethe money (to committee that gives more than $4 million in money. yf student dollars to organizations such as the Infir"This was meant as a protest for parking fines going to have problems like that this year." mary, Student Government, the Reitz Union and and it became an issue of student power," said Bonder said she does not think ASFAC will Student Legal Services. Sen. David Tucker, who represents the law face the same time constraints as last year. Last Student Senate must pass the budget by a school. "If we lose our budget and the Reitz year'sbudget wassignedontheJune30deadline. Registration for summer classes under way Going to summer school? Advance registration for summer A, B and C sessions runs this week through Friday. Students who do not register by the date printed on a "Student Information Update" form sent to them before Spring Break must register during regular registration on May 7. Registration for Fall classes begins April 7. Course request forms and schedules are availvolume 79 able at Tigert Hall, where completed course request forms can be turned in. No students will be allowed to register for more than 19 credit hours -a move that administrators say will allow more people to get the classes they want. Students in past years have registered for more than 19 hours in case some classes were either filled or closed. Workers handing out number 123 alligator News Room 376-4458 Editor ...Sallie Hughes Photo Editor Managing Editor .Mark Southgate Opinions Editor News Editors .Mickie Anderson Sports Editor Greg Larm,. SusanPurtic Art Director Special Project Editors ..Features Editor Mark Bridgwater, Mark Worth Susan Gardner Bonnie Glazer Marlon Manuel .Scoti Baker .Matt Holland Display Advertising 376-4482 Advertising D director .Tricia Carey Retail Advertising M anager .Michele Brow der Advertising Secretary .Debbie M oran Sales Represenativ~es Cindy Arndt Paulianneschivs Terry Rhein Courtney Brown Kevin Hoffman Jody Schlesinger Tracy Gashe RichardIvey John Sherry Laura Geigle Jeff Kremer Jeff Weibel Classified Advertising 373-FIND C lass ified Su pervisor Operations 373-9926 O peration M manager ... Production M manager Advertising Production Supervisor A ssistant S upe rvisor Assistant Supervisor ... Editorial Production Supervisor .. Assistant S supervisor .... A ssistant Supervisor .... Typesetting Supervisor .... A ssistant Supervisor ......... Circulation Manager .... Assistant Circulation M gr ...... Business 376-4446 .Jayne Murphy .Suzy Martin .Bryce Taylor Moneete Helgeson .Susan Payne David L Pieribone .Ellen Baisley ..Lyle Fried ..Steve Scott r. Amy Wuika Barry Lupinacci .Ronnie Corbs .Joe Curbelo .Virginia Carroll ...C Barber The Independent Horida alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit SOt (c) (3) educational organization. Campus Communications. Inc P 0 Box 14257. Gainesville, FL 32064 -he Aligtor is publshed Monday throughFriday morrnings. except during hoicdayssandrexam periods DuringUrF Summer academic terms, the .Aiigator y published Tuesdays and Thursdays 7he Alligator is a mernber of the American Newspaper Punlnh ers As!.ocian n. Associated Collegiatr Press and SouithrnJniversityrNewspaper,, Onren rerTn(Fall ornSyri Foe S emestersn(Fallr Spin. Snnr rnr Srnnnrr FnLlYear (AlSenrnnnn'nn, SubscriptioR Ntes $15(0 $29 00 $800 $35 00 Ihe. Iigator off icesar!IocaI ed at 1 105W UnivernIyAvry Clasniflddvr.nInnIing can be placed at that location from 8 a mnn to 4 ) n Monday through Friday, xpfor holidays Classifieds can also be placed at the UF Carnpus Shops and Book ornns at li# Hubi.Shandsr Towers. at tl cashier s office of the Retz Union and off carnpuv -athl Smokers Dennerar Patchand] all Chesnut Office Equipment Co locatioiir rIn Gainesville All riqht rfrn-,nerved No portinofrrheriiigator may be reproduced in anymesnns without Ow written conemn of an officer of Campis Communications, Inc course schedules at Tigert Hall also are handing students a copy of a change in class times. First-hour classes during the summer begin at 8 a.m. each day instead of the 7:25 time listed. Summer classes run an hour and 15 minutes. Summer A and C session classes begin May 8. Summer B session classes begin June 26. -SUSAN PURTIC Southworth Parchment Deed 100% cotton fiber50 sheet pb.ck Texas Instruments TI -1766 calculator -solar powered IBM Double Sided Double Density Diskettes -10 pack Bud's Easy Term Paper Typing Kit Eagle Filler Paper College rule -100 sheet pack Sanford Highlighters Major or Pocket Accent Library West Propowd Remwve Proposed sed pathopa Reg. Now 2.19 1.75 7.02 6.35 29.00 26.10 2.50 1.99 ONLY .59C ONLY 3 for 1.39 CAMPUS SHOP 8E~BDKSTORE UNION STOWER RS SHOP MERCHANDE -392-C194BOOKS-392-5195 AON-FRI:-7 SAT:9-12 APRIL 1st -5-h OR UNTIL SUPPLIES LAST i -..-.-t aha --l. t:---. 

PAGE 3

3 weather: sunny and mild, high near 80, low near 50 tuesday, april 1, 1986 the Independent florda alli gator Low gas prices may take deeper dip By BRAD BUCK Alligator Staff Writer By the end of April, gas prices in Gainesville should drop another 10 cents a gallon for self-service regular, according to a UF economist. The March survey by the American Automobile Association Clubs of Florida shows the average price dropped 13 cents a gallon from the February prices. "That's good news for everyone that's not an oil producer," said Jim Kleckly, an economist with UF's Bureau of Business and Economic Research. "In every situation, there are winners and losers. We're the winners here," Kleckly said. The March gas prices represent the first time in seven years that consumers could find regular and unleaded gas for less than $1 a gallon, AAA spokeswoman Julia Mcknight said. "The consumer is finally getting a break," Mcknight said, thanks to bickering among Middle East nations about how much oil to produce. The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries also can't agree on a price per barrel for the oil they're shipping to other nations, said Carl Adams, executive vice president of the Florida Petroleum Marketers Association. Adams and UF economics Professor Thomas Cooper don't think the good gas news will last much longer, though. "The price is going to bottom out pretty soon," Adams said. "Too many of these countries need the money too badly for the price to stay that low," Cooper said. Gets the part UF graduate Malcolm Gets studies a script while sitting People who drove to south Florida during Spring Break may have noticed gas prices at about 75 cents a gallon in Miami and West Palm Beach. But gas is about 10 cents more expensive in Gainesville. Industry experts say several factors contribute to the higher prices in Gainesville. Adams said it's because of shipping costs from ports in Tampa and Jacksonville to Gainesville. Many stations in south Florida are owned by major oil companies, allowing them to charge lower prices, Adams said. Kleckly speculated the competition among south Florida gas retailers has something to do with lower prices at the pumps. But all agree that Gainesville's gas prices are higher because of Alachua County's 6 cents-per-gallon gasoline tax, which goes toward road improvements and the local bus system. The lower gas prices also are good for the retailer, Cooper said. "They're in no danger whatsoever" of losing money because of lower prices, he said. Al Weingart, assistant manager of O'Hara's Chevron on NewberryRoad said h's glad the gas priceskeep dropping,but it hasn't affected his business much. The average price for self-serve regular in Florida in March was 90 cents a gallon and 97 cents for self-serve unleaded, according to the auto association survey. Full-service regular cost $1.22 a gallon -$1.29 for full-service unleaded. The low price was 78 cents a gallon in Pensacola. The high was $1.43 in Port Richey, near St. Petersburg. self serve regular Jan Feb March Gainesville $1.18 $1.12 .95 Miami $1.13 $1.08 .93 West Palm Beach $1.10 $1.05 .98 self serve unleaded Gainesville $1.27 $1.20 $1.04 Miami $1.20 $1.14 .99 West Palm Beach $1.17 $1.12 $1.09 STATEAVERA GES self-serve regular .90 self-serve unleaded .97 full-serve regular $1.22 full-serve unleaded $1.29 source: American Automobile Association on a window sill at the Hippodrome Theatre. See related story -p. 11. Vandals put SG phones on hold By JOANNE WORTHINGTON Alligator Writer Although Student Government officials took more than two years to install free campus phones, their lines have crossed again with a new problem -vandals. SG officials said about half of the yellow-andblack phones do not work because students have yanked the phone wires and stolen mouthpieces. Student Body Vice President Russ Bergin said SG officials have not reported the vandalism to UF police because the idea did not occur to them. But Bergin said the idea will be discussed at the next SGexecutive board meeting, Thursday at 4 p.m. "It didn't cross my mind," Bergin said. Student Government installed 30 phones on campus last December and January. The free telephone plan dates back to 1983, when former Student Body President Charlotte Mather included it as part of her campaign platform. The phones were purchased with $5,315 in student money and were installed at all residence halls, Turlington, McCarty and Johnson halls. The equipment has been bought to fix the phones, and Student Body Treasurer Brad Walker said the paperwork to begin the work is finished, but he has "no idea" when they will actually be fixed. Walker said 30 18-inch steel cords cost $499.80 and include hand-held receivers. Walker said vandals should not be able to pull the new cords off and the phones should stay together. Former Student Body President Earl Zeibarth, who was in office when the phones were installed, said "It's a shame. It's the students' money." Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen said students are hurting themselves by vandalizing the phones. "I'm surprised and of course disappointed," Sandeen said. "The money comes out of (students') activity fees." With some phones missing phone handles and cords, project coordinator Harry Tiyler described one phone by the Commuter Lot near Hume Hall, "eaten alive." Tiyler said he thinks students may have wanted to "attack" SG because only one of the old Southern Bell phones located around campus has been tampered with. "Someone must have a phone fetish," Tiyter said." After the phones were purchased in 1983, they were kept in administrators' offices because SG officials could not decide where the phones should be installed. DRENA FAGEN ALLIGATOR Accent needs bucks By SHARON KENNEDY Alligator Writer When Accent officials made the last -minute decision to book Dr. Ruth Westheimer for two shows in January so more students could see the popular sex therapist, they dipped into funds allocated for a future Accent show to foot the bill. And tonight the Student Government speaker's bureau is going to the Student Senate to ask for $3,000 to replenish those funds. The two shows cost Accent $10,000 -$3,000 more than they planned. It's a common practice, says Accent Chairman Lloyd Gilick. "It's like borrowing money from Peter to pay Paul," Gilick said. "(Former Accent Chairman Mark Shalloway) spent money he would have spent on a future show on the additional Dr. Ruth show." Accent, which has an annual budget of almost $66,000, was "down to nothing" Gilick said, when the decision to create two Westheimer shows was made. So it was decided that the special request Shalloway made earlier for an Engineers' Fair speaker would be used to pay for the additional speech. No speaker had been booked for the Engineers' Fair yet, so he decided to use the money from that request to pay for the lastminute changes. The original cost of Westheimer's show in January was $7,000, Accent Chairwoman Liz Lanahan said. More than $1,000 in production costs and the additional $2,000 speaking fee brought the total to $10,000. "Ten thousand dollars for a speaker of her stature is an incredible bargain," Lanahan said. 

PAGE 4

4. alligator, tuesday april 1, 1986 UUI~k~ SIDMAN STAYS UF College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Dean Charles Sidman has not been chosen to be the next president of Kansas State University. Sidman was one of nine finalists for the position. A spokesman for KSU said the school's search committee instead selected John Wefald, a member of Minnesota's State University System. Sidman had been charirman of the history department at the University of Kansas during the 1970s until he was chosen in 1978 to be the dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at UF. m LAW SCHOOL LAURELS Two second-year UF law students won in all areas of the Frederick Douglas Moot Court regional competition in Baton Rouge, La. Juliet Murphy and Ava Parker won first place in the categories of best brief, best oralist and best overall team. Their coach, Herbert McMillan, said the competition is the law school's version of a debate, where twomember teams argue points of law instead of facts from a particular current or political issue. I WANTON WASTE Student Government leaders Monday signed a resolution against the paving of the Plaza of the Americas saying UF's student body and Student Senate are "vehemently opposed to the wanton waste of our money" as taxpayers. Student Body Vice-President Russ Bergin and Student Senate Pro Tempore Deborah Wasserman signed the resolution against the projected proposal to build a raised platform on the Plaza. The plan,which also includes several paved walkways, was halted after several students gave UF administrators petitions protesting the paving. In the resolution, Bergin and Wasserman said the student body and Student Senate think "that our money as taxpayers could be better spent providing such educational necessities as academic advisement." 0 LIBRARY GOES COUNTY What was formerly known as the Santa Fe Regional Library System at 9 a.m. today will become the Alachua County Library District, when three county commissioners and two city commissioners sign the legal documents creating the new system. The new set-up creates a countywide taxing district for the libraries, which library Director Polly Coe said will eventually allow the system to build and maintain new buildings. Thenew taxing system, which has been in the works since ing it musi ing ir music looki tunit musi a full ing c good Arm, all p and J, Sous band waltz as we and t befor assp Wit h Mexican crash kills 166 MEXICO CITY -A Los Angeles-bound Mexicana Airlines Boeing 727 carrying 166 passengers and crew slammed into a mountain in central Mexico Monday. A government official said kll aboard were killed. The jetliner crashed near the town of San Miguel del Alto, 80 miles northwest of Mexico City, minutes after lifting off from Benito Juarez International Airport heading for Puerto Vallarta and Los Angeles. Gabriel del Rio, advisor tothe communications ministry, announced at the airport that there were no survivors. Del Rio said ministry officials who flew over the site in a helicopter said the plane was still in flames. A local radio reporter in the town of El Oro, near San Miguel del Alto, told Mexico City's radio network that peasants in the area saw the plane explode in a ball of fire inthe air before it crashed into the mountain. There was no confirmation of that report. The reporter said the plane split into two sections when it crashed and debris was scattered over a one-half mile area near San Miguel del Alto, which is near Maravatio in the state of Michoacan. Communication with the Boeing 727 was lost 14 minutes after takeoff. An airline official said the pilot reported at 9:04 a.m. that the plane was losing altitude. The control tower December 1983, won't kick in until next year, Coe said. The library system previously has been governed by the city, but was operated with city and county money, Coe said. N EASTERN HEADWAY MIAMI -Flight attendants at Eastern Airlines have voted to accept a new cost cutting contract with the financially troubled carrier, the union announced Monday. Alan Greenfield, attorney for Eastern's 7,200 flight attendants, announced in U.S. District Court that the flight attendants approved the new contract, which includes 20 percent paycuts. A dispute over the wording of the pact still existed, Greenfield told Judge Eugene Spellman. He said discussions aimed at clearing up the dispute would probably be set later in the week. 0 HAWKINS HOSPITALIZED DURHAM, N.C. -Paula Hawkins, R-Fla., in the middle of a tough re-election campaign against Democrat Bob Graham, checked into Duke University Medical Center on Monday for tests related to chronic neck and lower back pain. Hawkins is expected to return to Washington when Congress reconvenes after its Easter recess next week, spokesman Bill Hart said. "It's a medical question. The campaign will not enter into it," he said. immediately lost contact with the flight. A Red Cross rescue team reached the crash site -9,000 feet above sea level in the rugged mining country of the Sierra Madre mountains -but had no immediate information on casualties, Mexican radio said. A U.S. Embassy spokeswoman said, "We have no way of knowing at this point" if Americans were on the plane -Mexicana flight no. 940, which left Mexico City at 8:40 a.n. The spokeswoman said the embassy was checking the passenger list, adding two U.S. officials from Guadalajara and one from Mexico City were en route to the site of the crash. However, a list of passengers read on Mexican television contained at least 20 nonSpanish names. In a special office set up by Mexicana in the Mexico City airport, dozens of anxious and tearful Mexican relatives of passengers milled around, begging for information. "Where did it crash, please? Can we go there, we want to go there any way we can?" said a young man, who did not want to give his name. It was the second plane crash in Mexico this year. In January, an Aero California flight crashed in Los Mochis, Sonora, killing 21 people. 0 BAY SHOOK UP SAN FRANCISCO -A strong rolling earthquake and three aftershocks shook thousands of people out of bed in the Bay area Monday, causing minor damage and injuries in the third straight day of seismic activity in the area. The temblor had a magnitude of 5.6 on the Richter scale and was centered about 50 miles southeast of San Francisco, 20 miles east of Fremont, according to scientists at the University of California in Berkeley. Three people suffered minor injuries from falling objects in the San Jose area. Power failures were reported in some parts of San Jose and there were reports of leaking gas in some residential areas. The quake caused San Francisco high-rise buildings to sway. "It shook me out of bed," said a woman in Martinez, east of San Francisco Bay. 0 JUDGE SENTENCED HATTIESBURG, Miss.U.S. District Judge Walter L. Nixon Jr. was sentenced Monday to five years in prison for perjury, only the second judge in the 197-year history of the federal bench to be convicted in office. "You are now being called upon to sentence and innocent man," the 57-year-old jurist said before being sentenced. Nixon said there was no basis for the investigation of "an ugly accusation of impropriety in office." He was convicted in February of lying twice to a grand jury probing his alleged influence in a state drug-smuggling case against the son of a wealthy Hattiesburg construction contractor. 0 YOU MUST BE KIDDING BOSTON -Humor is enjoying a revival but the jokes going around are mean-spirited and reflect the society's need for an outlet in these anxiety-ridden times, humor expertssay. Humorologists say the popularity of comedy reflects a response to growing anxiety, not happiness, the Boston Herald reported Sunday. "The popular jokes of the '80s are usually harsh, demeaning, racist and sexist," said humorolo. gist Joe Boskin, citing popular but distasteful jokes this year about the deaths of Leon Klinghoffer, a wheelchair-bound New Yorker who was killed by terrorists,and actor Rock Hudson, who died of AIDS. "Humor is a way of dealing with tragedy. If you can laugh at it, you can deal with it," the Boston University history professor said. m MOUNTAIN MAN VANISHES BOISE, Idaho -Guards with bloodhounds searched the Owyhee river back country Monday for Claude Dallas, the notorious mountain man and killer who slipped out of a desert prison and vanished. "Of all the people I hate to lose, he's at the top of the list," said Idaho state prison warden Arvon Arave. The 36-year-old survivalist and marksman became the subject of two books -"Outlaw" and "Give a Boy a Gun" -after he shot two game wardens at his remote camp and then eluded his pursuers for 18 months in the hills, canyons and deserts along the Owyhee river. Dallas cut through two fences and fled the prison after dark on Easter Sunday. Prison authorities said he may have been aided by a Nevada woman who visited himjust before he disappeared. 0 IRISH UNREST BELFAST, Northern Ireland -Police Monday opened fire with plastic bullets on hundreds of Protestant rioters hurling bricks and jagged glass during a day of violent demonstrations that left 50 people injured on the anniversary of the 1916 Easter Rebellion. The British army, for the first time since its troops were sent to Northern Ireland in 1969, flew heavily armed troops into Portadown, 13 miles southwest of Belfast, as the fighting raged between security forces and rampaging Protestants. Some 1,000 angry Protestants attempted to storm the Roman Catholic area of the town in the early morning. When police forced them back, they went on a rampage through the town center, smashing windows and wrecking shops. This page compiledbySarah Duran from UPI and staff reports. GOFROM COLLEGETOTHE ARMY WITHOUT MISSING A BEAT The hardest thing about breakof 40 performances a month, there's read music, perform in the P nto professional also the opportunity for travelCould be your big brea. Write: c is-well, breaknot only across America, but possibly Chief, Army Bands Office, For to professional abroad. Benjamin Harrison, IN 46216-5 c. So if you're Most important, you can Or call toll free 1-800-USA-AF ng for an opporexpect a first-rate proy to turn your fessional environment cal talent into from your instructors, -time performfacilities and fellow areer, take a musicians. The Army look at the has educational ly programs that It's not can help ou arades pay for off dohn Philipduty instruci a. Army tion, and if is rock, you quaiand boogie even Al as march, elp yu :hey perform repay e concert au-ur ces as well federally-insured eanaeors. student loans BEALLYOU CANI Army t 5005. MY Tonite is COMEDY NITE Oj OO d se&* o o Show starts at 9:30 25C Drafts 8:30-9:30 $1.00 1702 W Umv A ve Uper level UF Plaza 374-4242 ask 1 Adnbk -CAM% I -1 1 

PAGE 5

Tonight & Every Tuesday Night Slice of Pizza 99 All Day 99 Imports 8 pn-Close Now open until 12:30 am 114 NW 13th St. Gator Plaza (across from UF) 3750004 Remember Happy Hour Mon-Fri 3-7 pm $1.90 pitchers or 50C drafts DON'T BE A FOOL ROCK & ROLL VIDEOS! Gainesville police solved 22 burglaries when two juveniles they arrested this weekend confessed to vandalizing and burglarizing homes and businesses in northeast Gainesville, police said. Police spokesman Lt. Don Dean said a citizen called police Saturday when two juveniles broke into a nearby vacant home. Dean said when police arrived, they arrested a 14year-old boy and a 9-year-old boy and charged them with burglary. Dean said police are searching for a third youngster, 10 years old, in another jurisdiction, probably Alachua County. After officer Michael Bone and Sergeant Ken Signore interrogated the youths, Dean said they confessed what's happening Election day: The International Law Society meets Thursday at 3 p.m. in Room 297 of the Law School to elect new officers for the upcoming year. Physical awareness: Students for Wellness and Energetic living meet Wednesday at 4 p.m. in the Infirmary Conference Room. Everyone is welcome to attend. Honorable freshmen: Alpha Lambda Delta Freshman Honor Society meets tonight at 7 in the Reitz Union Ballroom to initiate new members. buildings in th Police said felony counts. Dean said s( of juvenile arr On Feb. 28. five juvenilesN thefts and an a Ten days la who they belie Dean said ti officers to local high school st "There's on suspect we ha' r -inm -Haagen-Dazsemmm==== g FR REE Buy one get one FREE 5 4flavors daily z We accept other yogurt coupons! No Expires 4/K 9 1802 W. University Not good for delivery 73-CONE I O -m m --m Hwagen-Daza minm imia Piles o'noodles: Hillel sponsors a pasta party today with all the spaghetti and salad you can eat at 5:45 at the Hillel Student Center, 16 NW I 8th St. The meal costs $2.50. It's Greek to me: Beta Eta Sigma Honor Society meets Wednesday at 5 p.m. at the Institute of Black Culture, 1510 W. Univ. Ave. Members should attend. Bunny hop classic: The Black Students' Health Professional Coalition hosts a 10-kilometer run at 8 a.m. and a 3-kilometer run at 9:30a.m.Saturday April Sat the north parking lot of the Health Science Center. Runners can pre-register for $5 at the Athletic Attic in the Oaks Mall and Cornerkick in the Westgate Regency Shopping Center. Day-of-race registration is $6 and begins at 7 a.m. Saturday. For further information, call 392-3015. _U mm m mm. 10th Anniversary Party Tonite! Happy B-Day Cafe Gardens!! 10C BEER 4-11 Burgers $1.85 All Day 1632 W. Univ. Ave. 376-2233 376-4511 The Alligator's Pulseline Use it. This week's question: Do you think the University should build a speaker's platform and pave two walkways in the Plaza of the Americas? (Monday) Call Tuesday & Wednesday after 8 p.m. 'Baby Ryan' faces another setback By KAYLOIS HENRY Alligator Writer Ryan Osterblom, the two-year-old boy who received a liver transplant after the White House focused attention on his plight, faced his latest crisis during spring break. Doctors at Children's Hospital in Pittsburgh treated the Indialantic boy for a disordered growth of lymphoid tissue in his nasal passage. This condition is called lymphoproliferitive. According to Lynn McMahon, a hospital spokeswoman, lymphoproliferitive is caused by the medication taken by transplant patients. The medication suppresses the immune system and allows the growth of unusual tissue. "I1t is very common in transplant patients," McMahon said. Ryan Osteri Treatment of this condition involves lowering the anti-rejection medication to increase immunity. He has put on Doctors also removed a tumor from Ryan's nose on This has be March 27. This tumor is now being tested to see into since his t whether it is benign or cancerous. Ryan was released The Osterb from the Pittsburgh hospital March 29 in good conditRyan's transpl ion. front in Indial Ryan's mother, Karen Osterblom, said he is doing the surgical pr well. She said lowering his anti-rejection drug was Shaw, the surge followed by a rise in his appetite. Dr. Joel Andri "He's a champ," Osterblom said. "He's eating Gastroenterol Grandma's cookies 'till they're coming out of his ears. Osterbloms ce 22 burglaries solved By DEBBIE SALAMONE Alligator Staff Writer to causing mo blom at age 14 months weight." en the first complication Ryan has run ransplant in 1985. loms will celebrate the anniversary of plant April 5 at the Holiday Inn Oceanantic. Dr. Thomas Starzl, developer of ocedure for liver transplants, Dr. Byers eon who performed Ryan's surgery and es, Chief of the Department of Pediatrics ogy at Shands Hospital will help the lebrate. re than $139,000 in property damage to e Northeast 31st Avenue Industrial Park. they will charge the juveniles with 37 o far the arrests are not related to a series ests during the last two months. Gainesville police arrested and charged with three residential burglaries, two car automobile burglary. water, police arrested a Gainesville man eve coordinated a juvenile theft ring. he Gainesville Police Department sends al schools to lecture to kindergarten and dents. ly so much we can do," Dean said. "I ve quite a large problem." vi 

PAGE 6

6, alligator, tuesday april 1, 1986 Paving Paradise They almost paved paradise during spring break when no one was here to complain. They almost 'ended what one student rightly calls "the only way this university will keep any semblance of humanitarianism" and an administrator rightly called "almost sacred." On any given day you will find sun worshipers and moon disciples, followers of Frisbees and followers of God, people reading literature and people passing it out. The Plaza of the Americas is a tribute to all the things that are good about mankind. It is a mixing of philosophies and activities unique to the campus, the community and, we daresay, the nation. The Plaza deserves better than to have its heart paved while no one is there to protect it. So do the students who enjoy its green grass and shade trees or who enjoy just watching the antics of its occupants, while strolling through on their way to less esoteric endeavors. UF administrators' idea is to build a platform in the center of the Plaza, put concrete around it and on several new walkways to Library West. Administrators hope to keep dirt and noise from speakers out of the library. But according to university policy, since the Plaza paving project was first designated as "landscaping," it sidestepped any public hearing at the Campus Planning Assembly. If it had not, maybe someone would have told them to get doormats and hold speeches on the far side of the Plaza, instead of paving the center of some fast-vanishing UF greenery. Evidently, UF policy allows administrators too much leeway in determining what classifies as landscaping and escapes public scrutiny. If it weren't for two UF students, Karl Mueller and Lee Fearn, who quickly collected 360 signatures on a petition to stop the paving when they saw stakes marking out the area to be paved two Fridays ago, the center of the Plaza would be concrete. Because of their protests, administrators have looked at the plan and decided, UF Smooth Over Everything Vice President Al Alsobrook says, "this does need some more input from the administration, the students and the faculty." Alsobrook continues, "I feel certain this will go to the Campus Planning Assembly." As it should have in the first place. We'll let you know when and where this meeting will be. Meanwhile, it's a beautiful day on the Plaza, so go read some Plato or something. Joke's on us This paper really is a joke, the front page anyway. We hope you enjoyed it. It was all meant in fun. Happy April Fool's Day. allg or /ioll SAI A L liCG IN V,"vw.n,,v. / d'"t MARK SOVIl(,A I IBONNIF >lI/ I IO NNI I.,(, 1,1 Letters Policy WEMI V WW-0 c4,D M061 luOAMWCAMEL NG a)UA RHKE ZP 1% ~MM9I YfrIMofThAT RPW6' 1" (IL UMfEPVSYO! -b ~ Power can bedangerous in some hands Spring has sprung. While many of you were off somewhere enjoying yourselves (good for you), I stayed in Gainesville and hid under the bed, trying to pretend that the headlines I wasdreading every morning were some sort of bad dream conjured up by my badly prepared meals. But the newsprint stuck to my fingers and I knew it's really happening. Reagan has ordered he and Nancy identical contra combat underwear and a map with lots of multicolored pins so he can keep track of all the myriad military hardware he is bandying here there and everywhere. Congress has huffed and puffed and rolled over and stuck its legs in the air, as Reaggp planned all along. He knew that if he made the first request absurd enough, the subsequent one would be approved. A great dance is born, the Dialectic Shuffle, two steps forward and one back and you get there. Reagan knows his terrorist tactics, he uses them on Congress. Meanwhile, less sanctioned activities take place that make me want to take a bottle of Wild Turkey under the bed with me when I go. In Libya that master of public relations techniques, Khadafy, whips a crowd into a frenzy with lies and froth, and a little blood. With the sound off, it probably looked like a revivalist meeting you see on Sunday mornings, but this one had a twist. Instead of the blood of the lamb, there was the blood of the ox. Khadafy told a crowd that the "Libyan ambush" that took place last week in the Gulf of Sidra ended up with three U.S. warplanes shot down.one dud U.S. missile mailed to Moscow and the 6th Fleet scurrying out of the zone at his bidding. That's all well and good, leaders are supposed to bend the truth for their followers. It's a grand tradition and everyone from the garden club president on up does it. "I am not a crook," comes to mind. What made this particular rally unusual was the ox whose throat was slit. Since Reagan's name was painted on the animal's side I guess this was symbolic. (Where are the animal rights people when you need them?) After slicing the throat, some of the crowd boogied in the blood gushing from the wound. Who set this little stage play we can all guess. Maybe he watched "Apocalypse Now" one too many times. It made me think that maybe instead of throwing missiles at these people a little Valium might be more effective. letters Auto deaths lowered by child restraint law Editor: Florida's new child restraint law has cut in half the number of automobile fatalities of children under the age of 6, according to an analysis by the Florida Coalition for Auto Safety Now "Before the law became effective Jluls 1, 1983, an average of 30 children aged five and under were killed each year," said Kathleen Teague, executive director of the coalition. "However, in 1984 and 1985 the first two full years the law was in effect theaverage number of fatalities dropped toi I5." During that same period, the average number of injuries dropped from about 4,600 to about 2,600, a decline of more than 40 percent. league said the reduction in child deaths would have been much greater if all children had been secured by restraints or belts. huuga I hadn't really time to absorb this event or dwell on it when I read of the next crudball routine by a crowd. This one happened much closer to home. -Palm Springs, you know the place, where happiness is but a chip shot away -silent waiters drift up and hand you a cool drink just as you become conscious of thirst or so I'm told. Strange spot for a bit of running amok (great phrase, it reminds me of what roaches do when you surprise them in the kitchen at night.) Anyway the spring breakers (like you and me) ran amok in the streets of Palm Springs Friday. Seems that home odd combination of beer and testosterone temporarily rendered mobs of college men to take to the streets and rip the clothes off female motorists stopped at stoplights. What a way to top off a week of fun and sun, a little tear gas exchange with the local cops and getting arrested and everything. But you know, boys will be boys. I suppose when you are raised with the assumption that you hold dominion over all you survey, you act like our president or Khadafy or the mobs in Palm Springs. See, there's a pattern here. There's this odd type of conquerer mind set that holds sway over minds clouded by beer or plain old insanity. I'm not sure what is clouding Reagan's mind except a throwback mentality that would have us all watching Howdy Doody and cleaning the house in heels like Donna Reed, may she rest in peace. It just all makes me so tired. We have not come very far in the course of history. Like Cro-Magnon man, we still brandish big sticks over our heads and threaten, we grab what we want no matter who it hurts, we dance in sacrificial blood or beer and call it fun. I have an idea, why don't we all grow up? I'll not hide under the bed with my Wild Turkey if you'll write your congressman (or woman). Laura Young is ajournalism major who does not mix drinking and dialectics. "Of the 19 children killed in auto collisions last year." she said, "only three were protected by restraints. The other 16 were loose in the car at the time of the accident. "In other words,children unprotected by restraints were five times more likely to die as a result of a collision." Teague estimated that about half the children transported in cars on Florida roads are not being restrained in accordance with the law. The analysis was based on Florida Highway Patrol accident statistics. Teague said the success of the child restraint lawn saving lives and preventing injuries shows that Florida should adopt a proposed seat belt law. "We have taken measures to protect our children from needless risks in automobile accidents, and those measures have worked," said Teague. "Now we need to take the necessary steps to protect the families and friends of those chiklren." Proposed seat belt legislation, pdnding in both houses, would require drivers and front seat passengers of cars and pickup trucks to wear seat belts. It would also strengthen the child restraint law by making anyone driving a vehicle responsible for placing young children in restraint devices. Currently that repsonsibility is assigned only to parents or guardians of the child. It also would apply the law to all vehicles on Florida highways -not just vehicles registered in the state. Florida Coalition for Auto Safety Now This week's UF pulse question: Do you think the university should build a speaker's platform and pave two walkways in the Plaza of the Americas? The Aligator welcomes your responses after 7:30 p.m. Monday Wednesday at 376-4511. The results will appear in Friday's Alligator. gIe uun tvpefi 

PAGE 7

0 0 opinons World Bank provides loans to feed world's hungry The World Bank, owned by 148 countries, development countries, and the International demonstrates how various strands of activity is the largest development institution in the Finance Corporation, which promotes the can be drawn together in one place. In order to world. Perhaps no institution of its size is as growth of private enterprise in developing help' India produce more food, the World little understood by Americans as the World countries. Bank supported the introduction of new highBank. Many think it is supported strictly by With a staff of roughly 6,000 people recruyielding strains of wheat developed by >'the United States. Many think it is a bank in ited from some 100 countries and an annual researchers in Mexico. Specifically, the bank the traditional sense and, when they are tourlending program of about $15 billion, the used its resources to help India build a strong ing Washington, D.C., drop in to get a loan. In fact, the bank directs its loans only to the poorest countries of the developing world. The idea is not to finance car purchases but to promote economic development so that today's hungry will someday be able to afford the food, education and medical care that we take for granted in the United States. Not surprisingly, one-fourth of the bank's total lending program goes for agriculture. The bank has quietly grown since it was created following the end of World War II. It consisted initially of just one body, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, which provides loans at near to market rates. In the intervening years, two other bodies have been added: the International Development Association, which provides concessionary lending to the poorest World Bank today is the world's largest development agency. Its mandate, which has evolved over the years, is to provide financial resources, technical assistance and policy advice and to stimulate the flow of resources by other commercial and official bodies. The bank's involvement with food production includes supporting food research organizations, including assisting construction of' irrigation systems in Sri Lanka and farm-tomarket roads in the Central African Republic, providing agricultural credit in Paraguay, improved food storage in Hungary and ensuring sounder technical advice by extension workers in Nepal. While the bank pays special attention to production of basic grains, it also has worked, for example, with livestock in Malawi and fisheries in Yemen. The so-called Green Revolution in India agricultural research organization, develop a better food marketing system and establish national and state seed companies. The bank also helped with construction of irrigation schemes and fertilizer plants because large quantities of water and fertilizer are needed to produce high-yielding varieties of wheat. The Green Revolution started 20 years ago. And although the process continues, the results are clear. In 1965, India was the world's second largest importer of food in the world. Today it is self-sufficient. The World Bank is especially interested in seeing such progress made in Africa, where the recent economic crisis has brought living standards for many down to levels below those of 20 years ago. One of the approaches the bank is bringing to the region is to help reshape national policies in a way that ensures alliator, tuesday april 1, 1986, 7 greater food production. For example, the bank supports reforms that remove artificially low prices for food that dissuade farmers from increasing production. This is a big job, for Africa's problems are not confined to mismanaged economies but include low international commodity prices and fickle weather. But the World Bank goes quietly about its job with self-confidence that comes from four decades of success. For further information, contact the Press and Information Office, Information and Public Affairs, World Bank, 18 18 H Street, NW, Washington, D.C., or phone 202-477-5606. Loret Miller Ruppe is thedirector ofhe'ieace Corps. Reaching out to elderly is rewarding .If we want to do so much to prolong life, then we also have a responsibility to make this life more enjoyable. In the past, growing old was associated with acquiring wisdom and respect and enjoying the golden years of one's life. Ironically, in a society which has become so adept at prolonging life through medicine and machines, less is being done to enhance the quality of life for people as they age. Today, old age is often considered to be synonymous with handicaps, senility and being a "problem." The general way of delaing with this "problem" often is admitting the senior citizen to a nursing home. Although many people require care, their families are unable to provide it. Some people have no families to care for them. And often the people who go to nursing homes give up on life. They seem to be waiting to die. This is where the concept of quality of life comes into focus. If we want to do so much to prolong life, then we also have a responsibility to make this life more enjoyable. In many cases, making life better simply means spending time with someone. If there is one word synonymous with old age today it is loneliness. No one seems to have time for anyone. This is not limited to older people either; many of us have trouble finding time for the people we care the most about -parents, children and friends. The difference with most people we neglect is that they are so busy neglecting others that they don't really notice. Older people, on the other hand, who generally are not as active, notice and become hurt. I visit as a volunteer in a nursing home here in Gainesville. The people who work there are very caring and do their best to provide for the people who stay there. I admire these people very much. However, it is a'very sad place. Imagine people who have lived independently all their lives assigned one or two roommates and told when to eat, what to eat, when to bathe and dress and when to smoke. Some of these things are part of the care these people need. However, one can't help but wonder how this lack of freedom must make these people feel. reachngout ..' Add to this a 24-hour day in which most of the residents just sleep, eat, bathe, dress and watch TV. '[he overall feeling one gets is resignation and boredom. If you are asking, Okay, I see the problem -what can I do?" You can offer your time as a volunteer -it can be a very rewarding experience. Do you realize there are people living today who were born when there were no TVs, cars or air conditioners? Hard to imagine life without what we consider the "necessities," huh? However, if we didn't have these "necessities," perhaps we would have more time to devote to caring and learning about one another. As a volunteer, you can visit people and help plan activities such as bingo, cards, arts and crafts. You can bring a lot of joy and happiness to people and, at the same time, you can gain so much. These people have a lot to offer -they have a wealth of experience -many have lived through things we only read about in history books. How much more exciting to learn about such things from someone who lived through them, and can recount things from an emotional as well as a historical point of view! The time I have spent as a volunteer has been invaluable to me, and I only hope I have brought a small' ray of sunshine into the lives of the poeple I have come to know and love. If anything I have said has touched your heart, please consider being a volunteer or at least write or call someone older and let them know you care. It will mean more to them than you can ever imagine. Leigh Ann Files is a graduate student in liberal arts and sciences. letters Bill amendment process allows too much freedom Editor: My article of March 5 still goes uncontested. My complaints against the Student Senate remain the same: 0 The convenient process through which the senate has the ability to initiate and pass a major amendment at one sitting, without allowing any potential or existing opposition the opportunity to mobilize against it. 0 The acquiescence of the Senate Ethics Committee, which permits an active bill (not yet voted on) to be slandered and obviously voted on unfairly, as a result of election-time mudslinging. My article focused on these broad and, as can be seen by the side-stepping rebuttals, sensitive issues. Whether or not the bill concerned BCN (Building Construction) students traveling to Hawaii is not the issue. The point is the Student Senate has carte blanche to use the outlined complaints on any bill. Michael Toth 3 BCN Protesters wearing gags inappropriately Editor: In an article in the Feb. 28 Alligator, "Students' trial delayed," your writer says I elicited hisses from a crowd of both pro-life and pro-choice supporters when I lectured against abortions at McCarty Hall on Jan. 28. This gives the false impression that both pro-abortionists and pro-lifers hissed at my talk. Even though I did not take a hissing measurement, I can assure your readers that pro-lifers never hiss at my talks. The onesewho hissed could not stand to hear me say that abortion is a barbaric, unnatural way to treat a baby. I thought, by comparison with other campuses, your students were very friendly. At San Diego State, forinstance. students constructed a huge pig with my face painted on it. At the University of Iowa students blew kazoos and carried 20 tombstones down to the speakers platform, suggesting that it kills women not to let them kill their babies. In Boulder, University of Colorado students emitted a shrill witch's yell for five minutes before my talk and interrupted with catcalls throughout my talk. So stickers and a little hissing at Gainesville seemed pretty mild by comparison. It is a little odd, though, that the students who tried to interrupt my talk are claiming that they had been gagged. Nobody tried to gag them. They did what they set out to do. Whether or not they get punished for it is beside the point. They are using the wrong symbol in wearing a gag to their hearing. Joseph M. Scheidler Executive Director Pro-Life Action League Zoology major incensed about cage-cleaning myth Editor: If one more person asks me if I plan to work in a zoo after I complete my degree in zoology, I'm likely to start slinging elephant manure! Please allow me to set the record straight once and for all: Zoology is the study of animals, be they fossil birds, caterpillars, butterflies or Seaside Sparrows. One does not study zoology to learn how to manage or otherwise work in zoos. That is an entirely different field of study not even offered at UF, but rather at Santa Fe Community College. Its program is titled Biological Parks. Vickie McDonald 915 T 9fj 

PAGE 8

8. alligator, tuesday april 1, 1986 IGuaranteed Loan Applications Available The Office for Student Financial Affairs has established May 16 as the application deadline for a Guaranteed Student Loan (GSL) for fall, 1986. Students who apply after this date may not receive their loans in time for the beginning of the fall term. GSL applications are available at 104 Anderson Hall. Some lending institutions also have deadlines for accepting GSL applications. Students are responsible for checking with their lender about these deadlines and policies. For information, contact Student Financial Affairs at 392-1275. students (Black, Hispanic, Asian and ding Minority Student Awards. For more information, call Assistant Dean for StuNASA Aerovan dent Services Tony Chambers, at Displayed At JWRU Student Work The NASA AEROVAN, a large, walk-S .W through trailer filled with aeronautical Permits Expire May 1 exhibits, will visit the J. Wayne Reitz All C Union north lawn today through ThursAhrPCollege Work Study (CWSP) and day. The free exhibits focus on current Other Personnel Services (OPS) work aeronautics research in safety, energy permits expire May 1. Student employefficiency, environmental compatability tothis datecontinueworkingthisumand improvements in passenger comfort .Summer work rmits will be isand convenience. Retired U.S. Air Force Subengo Apr il4,eekpilot Dale Christensen will be available sued beginning Monday, April 14, weekto answer questions and give demonstradays between 12:30 and 4:15 p.m. at the tions. The AEROVAN is on campus as Student Employment Office in Room 20 part of Reitz Union's 50th Anniversary Anderson Hall. For information contact Celebration Ruth Strawder at the Student Employment Office, 392.0296. C This/Next Week TODAY AGROFORESTRY SEMINAR SERIES presents James Brewbaker from University of Hawaii's horticulture department and director, Nitrogen Fixing Tree Association, discussing "Use of Nitrogen Fixing Trees in Agroforestry Systems" at 11:45 a.m. in 1031 McCarty Hall. AFRICAN STUDIES FILM SERIES shows "African Calvary: Domentary on a Dying Continent" free at 4 p.m. in 472 Grinter Hall. ZOOLOGY DEPARTMENT SEMINAR by UF zoology post-doctoral fellow Karen Bjorndal discussing "Nutritional Ecology of Herbivorous Reptiles: Benefits and Constraints" at 4 p.m. in 211 Bartram Hall East. LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES FILM SERIES presents "The Tango is Also a History," a 1983 documentary on Argentina, and "Copan," a 1985 film on excavations at Copan, Honduras, free at 4 p.m. in 2350 Turlingon Hall. LU CHAMBER SINGERS, under direction of LW music professor Ronald Burrichter, perform in free concert at 8:15 p.m. in University Auditorium. GERMAN FILM SERIES features Trainer Werer Fassbinder's 1974 fim "Fear Eats the Soul" free, in German, at 8:30 p.m. in L-007 Turlington Hall. WEDNESDAY LATIN AMERICAN STUDIES SEMINAR with Bruce Rich, senior attorney for the International Program Environmental Defense Fund, on "Multilateral Development Banks and Environmental Policy" at 3p.m. in 2336 Turlngton Hall. POLYMER SEMINAR SERIES with materials sciences graduate students Shaye-Wen Shang and Tai Tang discussing "The Effect of Interface on Polymer Composites" and "Cold Gas Plasma Technology for Thin Films Deposition" at 4 p.m. in 102A Nuclear Sciences Center. "SEXISM AND LITERATURE" is topic for Campus Organized Against Rape (COAR) speaker Barrie Straus, UF English department professor, at 4:15 p.m. in 122-123 Reitz Union. FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE LECTURE on "Prediction of the Earth's Largest Climatic Anomaly, El Nino," by James O'Brien, Florida State University professor in meteorology and oceanography, at 8 p.m. in Bless Auditorium, Williamson H all. UF MUSIC FACULTY RECITAL, with music professor Boaz Sharon performing on piano, free at 8:15 p.m. in University Auditorium. THURSDAY "AFRICAN LITERATURE: LINKS AND CHALLENGESTO THE WEST" is combined African Studies and English department seminar by Ebele Ofoma Eko, UF English department visiting Fuibright scholar, at 4:30 p.m. in 427 Grinter Hall. CONTINUING UF ART DEPARTMENT STUDENT EXHIBIT of work in various media continues through April 13 at University Gallery, open free 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday and 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday. PUERTO RICAN ART POSTER EXHIBIT continues through April 25 at Grinter Galleries in the lobby of Grinter Hall, open 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. weekdays. and to obtain and process fall textbook adoptions from faculty members who will not be teaching summer terms. For information, call Brigitte Fisher or Sonja Curry at the HUB store, 392-5195. For university news: UNIVERSITY UPDATE Weekdays 5:20 p.m. WRUF-FM 104 6:20 p.m. WRUF-AM 850 Summer Registration Begins, Fall Registration April 7-11 Summer Term Advance registration (course request turn-in) for the 1986 summer terms will continue through Friday. Students planning to attend any combination of summer terms A, B or C shouldregister for all summer courses at this time. There will not be another opportunity to register for B term courses until the B term dropadd period. Students must turn in their course request forms to the Registrar's Office in Tigert Hall basement by the date indicated on their Student Information Update form as their course request completion time. Students who fail to turn in their forms by the designated completion time will lose their registration priority, which is based on the number of hours earned. Students who have not received a Student Information Update Form should contact the Registrar's Office, 34 Tigert Hall, 392-1374, Extension 217, as soon as possible. Special summer registration directions are printed in the Summer Schedule of Courses, which is also available in Tigert Hall basement. Fall Term Advance registration for the 1986 fall term for students not planning to attend UF this summer will be April 7-11. Students must register between 8:30 a.m., April .and their course request completion time, as indicated on their Student Information Update Form, or they will lose their registration priority. All questions regarding registration should be directed to the Registrar's Office weekdays. O'Connell Center, Gym Facilities Schedules Students, faculty and staff members ma use the recreational facilities of the Stephen C. O'Connell Center and Florida Gym during specified hours. UF students must be prepared topresent their fee cards and faculty and staff will be asked to present their UF ID cards. The following are opn for use during, hours indicated: a O'CONNELL CEER POOL (Lifeguards on duty) -Monday through Thursday from noon to 1:45 pm. and 7 to 8:45 p.m.; closed Friday Saurday and Sunday. SdaRIDA GYM POOL -Monday through Frida from ito 4:45 p.m. and from noon to 4:45 p.m. on Saturday and Sun a LARGE AND SMALL WEIGHT ROOMS -Mon ay through Friday from 2 to 9:45 p.m.; Saturday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.; unday from 1ito 5:45 m. WOMEN'S HOURS IN NAUTILUS ROOM -7:30 to 8:30 p.m. Tuesdays and Thursdays and from 4:30 to 5:30 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays. INDOOR JOGGING TRACK -Monday through Friday from6:30 a.m. to 9:45 p.m.; Saturday from 9 a.m. to 5:45 p.m.; Sunday from 1 to 5:45 p.m. a FLORIDA GYM BASKETBALL COURTS -Monday through Friday from 4 to 11:30 p.m.; Saturday and Sunday from noon to 11:30 p.m. Users of the O Connell Center are encouraged to use the locker room facilities, but should refrain from bringing money or valuables with them, since the Center is not responsible for loss of items. Combination or key locks may be used on lockers but must be removed daily or they will be removed by the Center staff. Showers and restrooms are available, but users must supply their own soap and towels. Bicycles and skateboards are not permitted in the Center. Eating, drinking and smoking are prohibited in the weight rooms and pool area. All recreational facilities of the Center are closed when there is a paid ticketed event in the evening (i.e., concerts, shows, sporting events). For a listing of the current week recreation schedule, call the NEXUS p hone syem at 392-1683 and ask r Tape 316. The tae is updated each Monday .For additional information or questions about the facilities contact t O'Connell Center Director's Office, Suite 1232,392-5500 weekdays, 8a.m. to noon and 1to 5 p.m. A weekly calendar of O'ConneIll events is available in 1232 SCOC. Nominations, Applications Sought For Outstanding Minority Students Applications are now being accepted Native American) for their achievefor minority students who wish to be conments and contributions in academics, sidered for the Outstanding Minority service, leadership, University and comStudent Awards and for Minority Leamunity involvement and athletics. Up to dership Awards to be given at the Thir15 Leadership Awards will be given to teenth Annual Minority Student Recogstudents demonstrating active leadernition Program April 20. Applications ship. Two students, one male and one are available from and must be returnfemale, with a 2.5 GPA who have attended to the Office for Student Services, 129 ed UF at least two consecutive terms Tigert Hall, by 4 p.m., April 11. The proand will be first semester seniors as of gram recognizes outstanding minority Summer Term A, will receive OutstanI -,The University of Florida is an Equal [Mr.Criser To Discuss Aging Of Florida UF President Marshall Criser will speak today on "The Impact of the AgIg of Florida" at 7 p.m. in Rooms 362-363 of J. Wayne Reitz Union. The talk will focus on how Florida's over-65 population, projected to reach twenty-one percent by the year 2000, will affect health care recreational facilities and the state educational stem. The free public talk is sponsoredby the Students or the Advancement of Gerontological Education (SAGE), part of the Center for Gerontological studies. Prodcad me Dioon of taMW ater h raoi to e mmONa fiilntcs& Importa n otonaf on to of F tortda. U.2 -r. Griffin Named Academic Liaison For Development PHIL GRIFFIN Previously Worked In Registrar's Office At UF Phil Griffin has been a pointed Academic Liaison Officer for the UF Office of Development. His primary responsibility will be for planning and coordinating all facets of a program to identify and cultivate potential superior scholars. He will work closely with the Gator Club Network as well as oncampus offices such as Admissions and Financial Aid. Griffin was previously Freshmen Admission Coordinator in the Registrar's office, where he was responsible for the freshmen enrollment plan as well as attendance at "College Fair" and "College Day" programs held in order to disseminate information about the University and its programs. He completed his Master of Science in Education degree as well as the Specialist in Education degree in Higher Education at the University of Florida. Faculty Should Submit Fall Book Orders The Campus Shop and Bookstore at the HUB is asking faculty, escially those who will be gone duringte summer, to forward fall 1986 textbook adoption lists to the HUB Bookstore by Friday. Target date for fall adoptions is May 23. The early date is intended to enable students to receive top dollar at used book resale at the end of the semester IEmployment Oppertln1.y/Affirmatd" Action Emaployer.------ 

PAGE 9

alligator. tuesday april 1, 1986, 9 LAFET NICIT Village Prk Khadafy clair TRIPOLI, Libya (UPI) -Li%CJ byan leader Moammar Khadafy said Monday that U.S. aggression in the world "could lead to a cataFrench Quarter clysm," but insisted he would not IAM1GR GRiLL & BAR order attacks against the United StaNOW LEASING tes unless it resumed pressure on his [very Ni .s rgoan I FOR FALL country. Sricl9pm -ct.'\orel5 dV"'teSign Up Early For Best In an exclusive interview in his _yr&Sida.5 f' Locations fortress-like compound on the runPh BR as Low as $24500 down outskirts of Tripoli, however, 2 BR s Lo as 1500 Khadafy warned he was readyy to *N16lTLY S PLCIALS 2 Se esBRa Loew as 315 fight thc Unitcd States If necessary' SemEeLocated Close to Campus and that thc battle could rage 9Pl n LOE ated Clo99SeW6thCApus. bcyiid I ibva's boreders,. IUESDAY : 't ~t t I .at 99 9y 1th A .If war takes place between us NVEI)M 's u5r.-b -Weekdays 9:00-4:301 and America, c have the right to !TEaNL$AY: rgeritas .j5O 378-3771 lit aiin Aicrican targets anywhere T_ _ __USDA_ in the sorld," said the man whom Tl Fl5~I .President Re'g'n has described as "laky." but who appeared calm and collected as he spent an houtr ,qQi ChiW I C Lsffi toutlining is VIew-. 1530 'nA A-her d. cReagan is childish," Khadafy -0aid, snithng e plays with fire. He doesn't care about international !** ** peace. He is supporting forces against the government in Angola, Afghanistan and Nicaragua. What does hc mean by this? He FREE PREGNANCY TESTS plays as if he was in the theater. If it A *Individual Professional -Counseling (Same Day) does ge on likc thisit could lead to a *Gvnecotogicat Exams .cataclysm. 41 (Licensed Gynecoogist) With a warm "Hello, how are -1*Birth Control Clinic you?" the slender, 5-foot-IlI-inch S nnany Termnaton Khadafv sat down beside a visiting journalist on an upholstered sofa in S378-9"91 a room inside hisheavly fortified 'K 1I ~ n'L 90N~Aii.outfr HBab Al-Aziciva compound. Aernn from GHS He appeared tired, possibly the present "WeIcume IU GATeOE SLAM This Weel A Celebrity Tennis TournamentMSI ign up this week at Turlington Hall to Play with the Rich & Famous. 'K*0 APRIL 13On KICK -OFF PARTY APRIL 5TH AT C 95 West of 34th St. All proceeds go to Big Brothers/Big Sisters I 7625 Newberry Road expires 4/8 of Gainesvle I 332-5555 ************************************** imm m um m m mm m m m m m m ms victory .aftermath of his confrontation with the U.S. 6th Fleet in the Gulf of Sidra last week, but there was no sign of the illness and sleeplessness described in a U.S. CIA profile of the Libyan leader. He swiftly focused on the U.S. operation last week that saw American planes fire two consecutive dass on Libyan radar installations and five ships, reportedly sinking three. Washington has denied Libyan reports that three U.S. planes wereshot down. "The fleet has left, and this is, of course, a victory, not only for Liby a but for the whole world," said Khadafy. speaking in the English he learned as an army officer during a staff course in communications in Wilton. England. Asked whether he would negotiate with the Reagan administration, which has accused Khadafy of fostering international terrorism, he said flatly it was "no use." "Reagan is completely ignorant in international policy," said Khadafy. "I think he does not even know the significance of the Gulf of Sidra. Geographically, he does not know where it is." Khadafv said he heard that America "is a very complex society," and that many Americans are poverty stricken, some so much that they are driven to suicide. ack Gaters!" I K's Special I Bp~eronfl :za* or any item of your choice I Campus Area 1723 SW13th St. I 371-1333 I OMMMMMMMMMMMMM==== I 

PAGE 10

By MARGIE OLSTER Alligator Staff Writer A Gaineskille man received a three-year prison sentence Mondav after pleading guilty to cocaine trafhckiig charges. Circuit Judge Osee R. Fagan sentenced Donald R. Rathgebor Jr., 34, of Gainesville to three years in state prison, to be followed by 10 ca ers' probation and a $50,000 fine. Rathgebor pleaded guilty to trafficking in cocaine after he was arrested on Nov. 21 and charged w ith selling a confidential informant wirrking with the Alachua Countv Narcotic ,and Organi/ed Crine Rathgebor's attorney, larry -urner, told the court Monday that R'ithgebor "knows thnrt te made a mtake n icrid h is reacy to pay for I Earlier in the case, TUrner made a motion to dismiss the charges against his client because the confidential informant, Charles Casey, was not properly monitored by law enforcement officials, records show. Turner's motion pointed out that Casey owed Rathgebor $10,000 at the time he went to police with information that Rathgebor was dealing in cocaine. Rathgebor and Casey were both living in Tallahassee at the time. Turner also said Casey was arrested for drunk driving and careless driving during the time he was setting up controlled cocaine purchases from Rathgebor under police supervision. Turner's motiorn to dismiss the charge was denied and Rathgebor entered into a plea bargain with the state attorney's office Feb. 10. Police say Rathgebor sold Casey six ounces and one gram of cocaine' between Jan. 3, 1984 and April 1985. Mother sentenced in infanticide Acircuit courtsentenceda mentally retardedAlachua woman to fie years in state prison Monday on manslaughter charges in the death of her I 3-month-old infant. Vivian Fairley.25, of Alachua pleaded guilty to manslaughter three weeks ago. She was charged in a Nov.5 county grand jury indictment with first-degree murder after she slammed the head of her infant son, Daniel, against a wall, records show. Daniel died four days later at Shands Hospital. Circuit Judge Theron A.Yawn sentenced Fairley to the minimum required term under Florida law five years in the state prison. MAKE BACK-TO-SCHOOL MEAN FLIGHT SCHOOL, TOO! If you are a high school or college student, you can learn to fly after school and on weekends. When you graduate, you'll have two sets of skills. your chosen field and flying! So get started now with a Cessna Pilot Center Discovery Flight. Only $20 will put you at the controls of a Cessna. It's a great boost for your future! Do it now! Available at. w 435NE49THDRIVE 373-2426 L Donate blood today! Police arrested Fairles on Nov.6,one day after the indictment came out. She then underwent psychiatric e aluations to determine if she was competent to stand trial. The evaluators determined she had an I.Q. of 63, but she nevertheless understood the charges well enough to stand trial. State officials took Fairley's other five children into protective custody after the baby's death. She was temporarilydreleased from prison to give birth to anMEther child. MARGIE OLSIER pr I Fast, Free, 30 Minute Delivery Ask for the: G ET ACQUAINTED SPECIAL I $4.99I 12" Pepperoni Pizza or 1 Item of choice 378-2415 ids other offers expires 4/3 10, alligator, tuesday april 1, 1986 Man gets three years for cocaine traffic Now Is The Time To Learn To Fly I NOR POEMS WANTED Major anthology now seeks poems: love, nature, haiku, song lyrics, reflective, free verse, religious -all types Beginners are welcome Our editors will reply within 7 days. Send ONE POEM ONLY, 21 lines or les, to: WORLD OF POETRY PRESS Dept. AP e 2431 Stockton Secto., CA 95817 The College of Liberal Arts & Sciences presents American Pictures Come see this internationally acclaimed film of a young European's journey through America as he hitchhiked over 118,000 miles, photographing American Society through the eyes of the American Underclass. "Powerful, Intense" New York Times "A Masterpiece" The Village Voice "American Pictures will haunt you." Los Angeles Times Thurs, April 3 McCarty Auditorium -6:30CLASSC is funded by S.G. 

PAGE 11

featu rte alligator, tuesday april 1, 1986, 11 Reaching for the dream By DINA M. COBB His first New York audition -21-year-old Malcolm Gets was understandably nervous. UF, where he had spent his last four years learning his art, seemed a million miles away. He raced across the city, trying to ignore the smog and dirty November snow, only to realize he'd left his Actors' Equity card, the actors' union identification, at home. As he called to cancel his audition, he unhappily said to himself, "This just isn't meant to be, Malcolm. Don't go." What the heck, Jan Dever thought. I'll give it a shot. It was her first semester at UF, Dever was looking for something new to try, and. trying out for the UF Dance Company sounded like it might be fun. Of course, she didn't think she had a chance. She was a gymnast, not a dancer. But Dever went to the audition anyway, wearing a t-shirt and shorts. Everyone else showed up in their leotards and tights. Terrific, she thought. Greg Stillman met Casey Cook, a guitarist, at a party. They talked, had a few drinks and "jammed," Stillman on the bass, Cook on his guitar. Stillman wasn't a terrific musician yet, but he wanted to be. So he and Casey "decided it was time we quit playing in our bedrooms and started playing in bars." But now, after auditioning and discarding numerous wouldbe musicians for their band, Stillman wasn't so sure this would work out. These three -Gets, Dever and Stillman dream of success in a most competitive professional area, the performing arts. The odds are against them. Thousands of other young adults, who also have struggled to learn their craft, share this same dream. In 1985, U.S. colleges and universities graduated nearly 9,000 actors, musicians and dancers, according to the March, 1986 Newsweek On Campus. Most won't be able to survive on their art and will turn to other professions. Of those who persevere, a small percentage will earn enough to make a living. A choice few of these will realize proverbial dreams of fame and fortune, not necessarily because of their incredible talents. So, why even try? Gets, a recent graduate of UF's theater program, said, "I don't know what I would do if I did anything else. I was just sort of led in that (performing) direction, and I always felt like if I decided to do anything else, I'd be spiting all of the gifts the 'powers-that-be' gave me." He ended up rescheduling that first audition for an off-Broadway production of "They're Playing Our Song," and was one of over 400 people vying for roles in the show. After singing, dancing and acting his way through three succeeding callback auditions, Gets was told casting decisions would be announced within 24 hours. Wanting only for those hours to pass, Gets went out drinking and then to sleep. The next day: no word. Well, Gets thought I optimistically, at least I made it to the final auditions, and he wrote it off as a good experience. Six days later, a voice on the telephone said, "You start tomorrow." About his choice to try making a career as a bass guitarist, Stillman, like Gets, said he has little choice but to do what he loves most. "I have to try," he said. "Because if I don't try, I haven't gained anything." Before ever playing a note, Stillman was an avid music listener who spent every spare dollar on sophisticated stereo equipment and albums. Playing the music he heard seemed the next logical step. "I had always heard it in my head, and then one day I said to myself,'There's no reason, if I can hear it, why I can't translate that to playing it,'" he said. On a whim, he bought a bass guitar "and thought it would be no problem to sit down and play." Stillman quickly realized that "to sit down and play," he needed to master the basics -single notes and simple chords, for example. "I guess it's like writing. You know the idea of what you want to saybut you've got tolearn how to spell first," he said. "So, I went out and learned to spell." Now, about six months after Stillman and Cook formed their band, The Exception, Stillman says they are ready to give their dream of performing a chance to become a reality. As with Stillman's former status as a music aficionado, Dever was a long-time audience member before dancing herself. She remembers watching Fred Astaire dance his way through movies, and "would just sit there and be mesmerized," she said. In the basement of her home, she would turn up the stereo and "make up dances." She dances, not because of dreams filled with tutus and satin toe shoes, but because "dance is a real natural high," she said. "It's my way of expressing myself." UF Dance Company accepted Dever after her first audition. Dever fell in love with modern dance, enjoying it even more than the years she spent training and competing in gymnastics. Company members were required to enroll in at least one dance class, though, and only Modern Dance 4 fit into Dever's schedule. Without previous training, she was lost. "I stood behind this one girl for years, just following everything she did, trying to figure out what was going on," Dever said. Dever danced and took modern dance classes throughout her years at UF, but majored in health education. Since receiving a master's degree in 1985, she has taught modern dance classes at UF, but is unsure about her plans for the future. While she enjoys teaching more than she ever thought she might, Dever dreams of dancing with a traveling company. She is not wholly confident, though, and said, "Actually, I never thought I had the ability to get into a good company." But Rusti Brandman, director of the UF Dance Company said for Devgr, 't'sjust a matter of finding the right one."" Finding the right company, though, can be difficult, Brandman said. "Maybe the odds aren't incredible, but notI everyone, even with advanced training, will get into a company," she said. Dever also hopes one day to incorporate her dancing abilities with her background in health education by operating a businessI aimed toward people wanting to improve their health through both nutrition and exercise. I "That's the long-term goal, along with dancing in a professional company," she said, adding, "I like to motivate people. I just love to see people feeling good." Like Dever, Stillman plans to combine his degree in finance with his music, even if it means working in a bank or other business by day so he can afford to play in bands at night and on weekends. "I want to live well, and I want to do it playing music," he said. "And if I can't live well on the money I make playing music, I'll play music and live well on the money I make on my own." Though Dever's and Stillman's plans for the future are still in their formative stages, they seem concrete compared to those of Gets. As an actor, Gets' view of the future can extend no farther than the closing of the next production. He returned to Gainesville after "They're Playing Our Song" ended its run, and accepted a role in the Hippodrome's production of "Little Shop of Horrors," another musical comedy. "We'll see what happens" is as close as he can come to speculating about the future, though returning to New York is probable, he said. "It's where I need to be for the work now, because it's something I've always wanted. And I really want to work." Gets is sure about one thing, though. He would rather be an out-of-work actor than "compromise" his artistic or personal values. "I'd never do a porno flick," he said, laughing. "I wouldn't pull a Vanessa Williams and say, 'I can't put food on the table, so I'll take my clothes off."' Then, more seriously, he speaks about what he perceives as the dangers of "selling out" to a business where looks and connections are often more important than creating a quality product. "I'm never going to give up who I am to please some casting director," he said. Of the entire entertainment industry, Gets "It's much too looks-oriented. I'm tired of a bunch of people on television who can't do anything." Entertainment media also should be used to make realistic statements, Gets said. "I think it's still important that we use the medium as a way to comment on what's going on around us," he said. "ltjust doesn't happen. Rambo' is NOT a statement about the state of the U.S. right now." Stillman said he feels similarly, that while "I'd like to be the die-hard rock-and-roll legend who wouldn't," he wants his music to be good, in his own opinion, as well as appealing. "If I do it, and do' it the best I can, then somebody will like it," he said. "Lack of fame isn't going to stop me from playing music." Gets, Dever and Stillman are, for the most part, optimistic about the direction their talents and dreams are taking them. Yet the hours of practice, the uncertainty and the competition they face sometimes result in great frustration. Many dancers begin training at an early age, and their careers, especially in ballet, can be over by the age of 30. Dever, at 27, says, "My body's starting to fall apart already. Sometimes I wish I was 19 and just starting. "But I try to put it out of my mind," she said, adding that since modern dance isn't as hard on the body as ballet, the beauty of which is derived from techniques foreign to the body'! natural movements, modern dancers often enjoy longer careers. For Stillman, frustration arises from the need to work with different temperaments in order to keep a band together. "There are times when all of us have gone, 'What the hell kind of band am I in?'But then again, there are times when we just look at each other and smile from ear to ear, and nothing needs to be said," he said. Gets' basic "disapproval" of much of the material offered actors, and the "games" often played between directors, producers and actors are most irritating, he said, and there are moments when he fantasizes about leaving it all behind. "There are times I get so disillusioned about the business, and put off by all the artsi'-fartsy friends I have, and things like that," he said. "I think I just want to be a real human being and live on a farm in Kansas and raise horses." But that, he says, "would last about two months." And so, despite the drawbacks of their professions, Gets, Dever and Stillman say they will never give up. They understand what they are up against, and they already know it isn't the easiest way to make a living, but each of them says it is the only way. "Of course there are times when I think, 'Gosh, I'm spinning my wheels,' Stillman said. "But eventually something good happens and I think, 'Boy, I'm glad I didn't stop working. Then I wouldn't be where I am now.' NM_ A '4 PARDNER 'ALLIGATOR MA a 

PAGE 12

12, alligator, tuesday april 1, 1986 alligator classifieds FOR RENT: FURNISHED 5 BLOCKS TO U OF F. Big room for serious student. Nonsmoker. Walk to U of F. All utilities pd. Washer & phone. $180/mo 377-0020. 4-815-1 Walk to campus, unique 1 br loft apt, high bamatceiligcarpt, 1 da toomainlauds w ter,as & garbage. $255ro. Call 3730067, Contemporary Management, Inc. 3320311. 4-10-15-1 $98/mo. Female roommate needed to sublet furnished Hawnaa Village apt. MayAug. Own roam, % util. Call 375-4854. 4-3-3-1 OXFORD MANOR $130 + .u, furn, luxurious townhouse living, May-Aug. Call Chris 371-7814. 4-7-5-1 Summer sublet 2/2 apt, pool, tennis, rent negotiable. Call 378-6243 (night) 392-1927 (days). 4-7-5-1 -* *SUMMER8.* Own bdrm/bath in Oxford Manor. $120/mo. + 1 utl. 372-4687 keep trying. 4-4-4-1 Roommate wanted summer/foll. Spacious house, room -partially furnished -other furniture available or may use own; washer & dryer; 2 blacks from campus; 1 Iblck fsrom sorority row; cail 377-2334, nonsmoker. 4-1-5* **FEMALE** ** $200 -utilities incl. I blk from campus. 0 Summer wrfall leases. Own room -wash/dry, microwave, full cable tv, dishwasher, etc. 3755458 4-3-5-1 2 people need 1 tr 2 more to sublet (mstr. bdrm) sum c, Rocky Pt twnhse. 2 bdrm, 21/2 both, only $389/mo. Total rent + 'Aort % util. 373-2784. Also need I rmmt for fall onV -rent, %a.tilities. 4-4-5$106-at.l 4 spaces avail. sublet 2 bdt-. May Jly: 10ainto Isclas -Mt. Vett-on Aps. pool, laundry,some space furn: call now 3737182. 4-8-6-1 SUBLET FOR SUMMER 1 bdrm furnished 1.5 mi to camp. Pool, tennis, racquetball, privacy. Rent negotiable. 371-6732. 4-4-5-1 Lg. 1 bdrm 1 bth opt, fully fun, or unfurn, 1 bIk to UF, Shands & sororities. Porksde ApIs. $299 ta. 372-6728 or 813-876-7408. 44-5-1 FOR RENT: UNFURNISHED INCREDIBLE Efficiency Aps Starting at $169/me. 2 Bedroom Apts Starting at $204/eo. CAMBRIDGE VILLAGE 110 NW 39th Ae 378-3988 4-25-75-2 CHEAP $190 to $199 studio 4 blks to UF, water paid, pool, University Apts. 411 NW 15 St. 3710769, 375-6173, 376-7166. 4-1-5-2 Unfurnished 2 and 3 bedroom, dishwasher, drapes, laundry room, pool, for mature students, 6900SW 21st Lane, 332-8875, 4-25-652 2 WEEKS FREE!! Huge 1 bd walk-in closet, cet-t. air, w/w carpets, pantry, spacious grounds, magnificentatks. BelAir Apts 636 NW 26Ave373-1459, 375-6173, 371-0769. 4-1-5-2 2 BR $250 Near Campus, central air/heat, carpet. Water & sewer pd. Woodcrest Aps. 1615 SW 42nd St 373-5816 373-1099. 4-8-10-2 Walk to Santa FetCC, 1 BR $245, 2BR $295, $125 Sec. plus LMR. Pool, laundry, no pets, Sant Fe Trace Aps. 378-1190. 4-25-72-2 * a * * * * * * * Oak Glade Aps. near UF & VA. quiet rea w/ crime watch neighborhood. 1 BR, 2 BR $215$325 plus Sec plus LM. 372-6422. 4-25-72-2 A black from UF! I b h$240 2 br $300, new stove/frig, cent h/a, trees loundry wood fltat. some utl inat flexible deposits 3778127 4-415-2 Attactve 2 bed nI I bta ,t-d in Tower Oaks All tpphsa.at ,tsta y fence, wt/d hookup, storage BorsD S Butste-ta 373-7557 4-1.10.2 Sublet -I' pay you $200 fat Apri 15 awcuponcy $345maitn Mill Run, 2 b,1 bth, pool, w/d hookup, lots more. Call anytime 373-0391, L-sa or Steve. 4-3-10-2 Convenient downtown locItatis, 302 SE 4th Street, great far students. 3br/lbth, $250/mo. Call 372-6172. 13-32-0-2 2 WKS FREEII Nice quiet lbd $225, water pd., w/w carpets, cent. air, Villager West 800 NW 18 Ave, take 9 St north from 16 Av then right. 371-0769, 371-0251, 376-7166. 4-1-5-2 HUGE 2 bd 2 bth 1000 sq ft, dishwasher, spacious grounds; meagificent oks. $315. Bel AirApts636NW 26Av. 371-0769373-1459. 41-5-2 Avail. now 2 br apt. 2 short blocks from UF. Close to everything. S265.0) mo. must tee, will gofast. 373-7891. 4-3-5-2 campus, $140/mo + 'A util, own room, pets ok -no deposit. Nice neighborhood, call 3748041. 4-4-5-3 M/F non-smoker to shore like new opt near UF. Quiet, $150 + 'A util. No pets. 3611 SW 28th Tat-. Apt B. 373-88a, evenings. 4-1-2-3 REAL ESTATE '82 MAobll Home 2 Br, 1% Bath. Convenient location, Furn., Fireplace, Cent. heat, A/C, Vaulted root, Ceilkag fan. 373-7114. 4-4-10-4 WE ARE #1 Because we offer you the most for yur retal$. *1,2938 ""."Apts. --fana. truaf,. *We'll help you find roommates *Tennisacourt, sauna, pool &gym FREE classes by professionals in Karte, Aerobics, Tennis & Math Tutoring Regency Oaks Apts. 3230 Archr Rd. 378-5766 Country Garden Apts. 2001 S.W. 16th St. 373-4500 4-25-43-2 Summer Sublet, option for fall -3 bdr house, wood floors, front porch, ceilingfan, A/C, $375/mo, no dep -316 SE 6th St, 375-6903. 44-5-2 SUBLET Large, one bedrooma pt avail May thru summer. SW area, cent air, carpet, water and sewer pd. $225/mo. Call 335-1767. 4-4-5-2 GREAT LOCATION -1 blk to UF behind Norman Hall. 2 rms in house, farn, or unfurn-. Sublet May-Ag. $150 + util, Aug free. 3717788. 4-4-5-2 Deal of he cenuy, 2 BR Phoenix Apt, all electric, dishwasher, sublet May-Aug, Reg $300/mo only $199/mo. Call 371-1490 or 3767495. 4-4-5-2 SUMMER SUBLEASE w/opton. l-br, pool, laundry, near UF, Shasds, Mt. Vernon Apts. Avail now -Aug. 376-1807 anytime. 4-11-10-2 What you want in a place to live is available no:Walk ta classes; law et;utliein cloud; acti e,sialsacommunity. Fall ttt $296-456. Summer A or B rent: $102-161. Come see far yourself: Buckman Co-op 392-6603. North Co-op 392-3857. Reid Co-op 392-6723. Apply at UF Division of Housing Office next to Beaty. 4-2-3-2 Summer sublet -fall option, spacious 1 bdrm apt., pool. Close to UF/law. Camelot Apts. Available May 4th. Rent negot. Call 378-9148. 4-7-5-2 ROOMMATES Roommate wanted summer. Spacious house, well-furnished room; washer & dryer; 2 blacks to campus; 1 block to sorority row; cial 3772334, nonsmoker only. 4-1-5-3 Nonsmoker, luxury townhouse opt in Morchwood, pool, furn except BR, convenient to campus, $185 + '%. 392-0309 or 373-2567. 4-15-3 SummerFm/nonsmk -own rm in master Br tn. bightaptat/ta. 2mifrom.tamp. Rentt $142.50/at + 1/3til. 375-8233anytim. 4-44-3 $90/mol! OWN ROOM 1-2 rmmits needed for Mo-Ju-Jularge furn house/wash & dryer/air, near UF/shpping/bus. 371-1988. 4-7-5-3 Female for summer with fall option. Own room in 2 bdr/l b new townhouse. $145/mt+ I/ util. Port. furnished. 335-1286. 4-3-3-3 HELP! Female rmmit needed, own rm i quiet SW townhouse, $165 nth + /,atil. Must see nice & clean. No pets/smokers. 332-2821 Lisa. 4-7-5-3 *Choose: own rm. g. modern house, washer/dryer, a /c etc. $149/mo. *Or* $150/mo. Brandywine -util, share rm 2 great bargains* 373-5012. 4-3-3-3 F/M: own room in furn. 2 BR Apt. $120/mo + '/a ual NO LEASE near Norman Hall. Call Tom 378-5909 or 39-7229. 4-2-5-3 Male rmmt. for own rm. & both in large condo. fturn. except bdr., near law school. For summer, fall option. Steve 377-9806 or 375-8708. 4-4-7-3 SUBLET MAY-?? -OXFORD MANOR. Master bdrm in 3 bdrm, 3 both furn opt.$150/mo + % atil. Call 377-5359 ANYTIME. 4-4-7-3 $AVE MONEY -No Security, Lease, Depasil Female wanted to share 2 bedroom duplex in nici NW area, large backyard -pets welcome $125/manthly is so little far so much 410 #BNW19th Lane, off of NW 6th St. 4-1-4-3 2 F rmmts needed to shore nice 3 bdrm, 2 bth unfurnished in Regency Oaks. $160/mo, % uld. Call Diane, 373-1791 and leave message. 4-9-10-3 Roomma te, female, $119/at. Gardens, tennis, ocquetball & pool. March FREE, e/aptiot for fail. UF and SFCC access. B 3320929. 4-1.3-3 Take over May st, own room in 3 bdrm apt, urn.,, $195 + 'A util. Tennis, racquetball, pool. Call Dove332-2719after five. 4-4.5-3 In The Pines, rmmt(s) need osop far furnished 3 bdrm townhouse. Non-smokers,. clean. Great optl Dave 371-6763, 651-7517 (Miami). 4-1-3-3 I M/F for summer C w/Fll option, close to MINI STORAGE AAASTORAGE -377-1771. Close to IUF & convenient 4x4x4$10/mo 4xex8$20/wa 535 SW 2nd Ave. 4-25-70-9 SCHOLARSHIPS AVAILAWB $135 million+ in Basu-slal-aidwe-t--sed lost yest. Freshmen, Soph., sotoing graduate students; for help cashing In an those funds, call Academic botso Services toll free 1-80. 544-1574, ext. 639, or write P.0. Box 1643, ChotonoogT 341416. 4-1-14-9 DOWNTOWN. Be a part of it. Prime retail space and prestigious office space available in the new SUN CENTER. Call 372. 6172. 13-32-0-4 Graduating student MUST SELL 1982 2/1 mobile home. Greot/inexpensive living. Asking $10900 includes furn. & tv. 332-5648 eves & akads. 4-8--4 Shadiest lot in G'ville, '82 Fleetwood 14x56, 2 bd, 2 bath, cathedral ceiling, ceiling fan, washer/dryer hook up, 10x0 shed, bike to IUF, many extras. Must see, $600 & take over pymnts. 373-3372after 6:30p.m. 4-8-5-4 FOR SALE Since 1977 Car Stereo Specialists has been selling top quality car stereas at low discount prices. Come see us at 2201 NW l3 St. Or call 372-2070. Open M-F 10:00-7:00 and Sat. 10:005:00. 4-25-75-5 AM-FM Cassette In-dash $29.95 AM-FM Digital In-Dash $99.55 100 Watt qilier $29.95 Fll watatnty 373-3754 Audio Outlet. 4-25-70-5 Discount Shopping Guide, save up to 50% on furniture, clothing, appliances, electronics. $9.95, check to: Roatzmon, PO Box #5409. Chicago, IL 60680-5409. 4-1-5-5 Far Sole, 2 yr membership, Gainesville Racquetball Fitness Club, $150. Expires Jan. 6' 1987. Call 374-8837E. Freeman. 4-2-2-5 Ladies 12 speed Nishiki bike, bent frame and no back tire. Good for scrap ports, $30. 3322821. 4-1-1-5 CONDO FOR SALE: 2 Bd/1%'A bath. Bivins Forest. $45000, will fine. Call 813-9387825 dy/8t 3-734-3501 at night. Ash fat Tay. 4-3-14-5 Full size bed, box spring and frame. Bought new lost semester, $90. Call Diane, 373-1791. 4-9-10-5 SELLING EVERYTHING Couches, coffee & endtables, pictures, choirs, wollhangings, bamboo curtains, much more. Call Craig mornings &evenings 332-6313. 4-13-5 Oriental rug $10, metal desk $100, bed & frame$50, beigerug $75. Leave message 3753729. 4-4-5-5 MOTORCYCLES Honda MB5 50cc motorcycle. Needs $100-150 of electrical work, but in otherwise good condition $145sis371-1559 4357 AUTOS '78 Hondo Accord, nice car, blue, sunroof, om/fm ca ss, ir, newtires, greatgasmileage. Call 377-1571, $180. 4-1-3-8 Moving our & having to sell the car. Ford-Escort '82, new engine, new battery, 4 speed, runs great, etc. $2500 or negotiable. 335-1256. 4-15-8 SERVICES STEREO REPAIR Meticulous repair on your beloved stereo. We do it right the first timel SoundIdeas2201 NW l3th St. 378-0192. 4-25 17 9 BREAD & ROSES Well Women Care ABORTION Up to22weeks *Nitrous Oxide -no extraacharge a Free Pregnancy Tests BIRTH CONTROL CLINIC eamole Practitioners 372-1664 Completely Confidential Close to Campusa 123$ NW 10th Avenue Across from Center Theatre 2-28-40-9 Pregnant? We offer 5e tlve and confidential counselingapregancyytest & more. All ServiCes Free -377-4947 Crisis Pregnancy Center 1204 NW13th Street. Suite 23 Acrosstfrom Ciiton Blood Center 4-25-79-9 SLEEPY HOLLOWNORSES FARM *riding lessortss*hay rides*rail rides*boarding*soles* rental*wooded tails. 466-3224 & 375-8880. 4-25-75-9 ABORTION FCall as we carte FREE PREGNANCY TESTS *Women practitioners 0 Licensed OB-GYN (with hospital privileges) Gainesville Women's Health-Center 720 NW 23RD AVENUE 377-5055 We offer choices to you -a full range of obstetric & gynecology services. ServingGainesville for 11 years. Non profit. 4-25-72-9 TYPING SERVICES For Quality Use A Professional Professional Typing* 917 NW 13th St. 373-9822 Recorded ondiskettes or mog cards dissertations theses manuscripts 4-25-7510 For the best professional typing and editing Hogtown Typing, 375-8333. Specializing in low, arch, theses, and dissertations. 4-25-6810. *WORD PROCESSING** Professionalquality at student prices. Quickturartusd. Hours by appointmet, B a.m -8 p.m. Call Debbie, 378-7128. 4-1-37-10 Typit-g, fast at-d accuate, reasonable rtes, mit-t editing, proofreading. Call Beverly at 372-6253. 4-25-75-10 Typing, fast and accurate papers, theses, dissertations. Experienced. Proofreading. Reasonable rates. Call Lato 378-6642. 4-25-5910 **Word Processing***Typing** Resumes@ Reports* Letters Theses* Applications 0 Etc. 376-5465*We're close to campus *** Alacha Word Processing*** 4-25-27-10 Word Processing, Typing, Bkkping & Notary' Grad school exp. Prof quality 14 yrs. exp. spelling ckd NW section, Down 332-3913. 4-840-10 TYPING/from $1/pg. papers/theses/dissrt./15 ys. expert. in legol/medical/engr. terms as former court rptr. Excel. spelling/proofing. Call Jill. 377-9647. 4-25-58-10 DAILY CROSSWORD PUZZLE Edited by Trude Michel Jaffe ACROSS 4 Step part 40 A long, long 54 Quechuan 1 Private 5 Relay, for one time 55 Isolated rock teacher? 6 Time periods 43 Express 56 Entertainer 5 Changes for the 7 Edsel and derision Home better? Henry? 45 Beloved 57 Best or Ferber 10 Part of a flower 8 Gold and silver 47 City in W Saudi 58 Scottish dance 14 City on the 9 Wading bird Arabia 59 Biblical preposiAdriatic 10 Outpourings? 50 Of the early t on 15 Actress Eve 11 Mare's gait morning 60 Military dining 16 Malaysian 12 -Grey tea 52 Household room canoe 13 Erato, e.g. need 62 Ballerinas' 17 Curves 19 Devout 53 Long for costumes? 18 Chastisers? 21 Classic cars 20 Extents of 24 Small restauANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE: influence rants 22 Peter, e.g. 25 Wash lightly 0 P A 23 Sooner, to 26 Dill seeds of Keats the Bible 24 Ran, as madras 28 "Up and -!" 25 Ethiopian prince 29 Gluts? 27 Desert stopover 31 Matures 30 Lions' dens 32 Educational 35 Those who leave organization? no will? 33 Mount a dia37 A young swan mond again 38 Twerp 34 Cubic meter V 39 Oleate 36 Singer Adams I 41 Being 37 Follows bureau L T 42 Doctrine of cenor pluto M. tralized government? C 44 Open car 46 Ruhr city 47 -Carlo 1 23-67 9 11 12 13 48 Native of: Suffix 49 Uncles, in 14 U, Scotland 51 Aleutian island? 17 53 Deceive 57 Printing error 61 Doubt? 63 Twining plant 64 Scrutinize 65 -with the times? 66 Real estate items 67 Roosevelt's mother 68 Twangy 89 Slaughter (i bawball DOWN 2 Canvs sheet, 3 Affanges music *19116 Lo.Am@"em WORD PROCESSING/TYPING Resumes, reports, cover letters, 377-0460, Mn/9p.Gainesville Word Processing Ceases. 4-23-3D-10 TYPING: Legal, theses, dissertations, reports, professional quality, dependable service. Nancy, 372-2750. 4-4-30-10 *TYPING* $1. a page. 377-1335. 4-1-17-10 For the right, type, call Kathy, 376-9527. Expert professional service. Reasonable rates. 4-3-2010 TYPING SERVICE Term papers, resumes, applications. 375-4536 beforeA-10 338-ll39after 4:30. 4-25-19-10 Best Word-Processing in town. 1-day service. Grsd School apped. Term papers eta. CPM A DOS compet. Lois. 377-0528. 4-25-26-10 ** *TYPING 372-7856 MARG* * Someday/overnite, spelling ckd, termpopers, theses, resumes, letters, etc. 3436 NW 17th St. 4-25-29-10 Typing -107 cwpm, 14 yrs legal sec. experience, reasonable, accurate, quality work, call Jeannette at 378-8653 from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. 4-7-7-10 WANTED GOLD & DIAMONDS Top Cash or Trade OZZIE'S JEWELRY Appointment -373-9243 4-25-72-11 Wanted: Healthy, non-obese men, (oges 50 to 75 years) on no medication, for laboratory and psychological studies involving normal sexual behavior. Apprpiate aolutees will be paid. Calf Mark, 392-2612, 9a.am. tos5p.am., Moa-Fti. 4-25-26-11 MASSAGE TABLE WANTED 376-6356. 4-4-5-11 HELP WANTED All Positions needed at an Easter Seal camp for handicapped children and adults. Camp Challenge, Rt 1 Box 350, Sorrento, FL 32776. 418-35-12 Full or part-time laborers needed. Earn up to $15.00 an hour. No experience necessary. Call (813)886-7151 ext. 12. 4-10-20-12 I 

PAGE 13

alligator, tuesday april 1, 1986, 13 W alligator elassifieds Do you need money? Sell Avonttfull orport time -eartrup opc 50% co lssi 375-897. 4-4-50-12 Business Office Clerk Neeed Summer Semester Onl Must be student, work 20 hours 'a w flexible hours, will train. Apply daily between 9and S. indapendent Florida Alligator. 1185 West UnIevtuty Ave. No phone calls please. AA/ROE. 13-32-0-12 Advertising Saleu Rep -(Campus Territory) Must be enrolled student. Summer semester. Must be avalable 12-15 hrs/wk. $3.35/hr. Should be very organized. Must he able to work with customers, be good at math a spelling, willing to prepare ad layouts and order terms Is greet detail, neatly. All work must be done in accordance with strict deadlines. Pick up applications at The Alligaor, ties W. Univ. Ave. Applicatioos must be returned by noon, Friday, April 11. No phone calls. AA/EOE. 4-11-11-12 Advertising Sales Reps. -Must be enrolled students. Sumner A Fall positions open. Must be available 15 plus hours per week in Summer (at 25 hours/wk in the Fall). Should be very organized. Must be able to work with customers, be good at moth and spelling, willing tu prepare ad loyouts and order forms in groat detail, neatly. All work must be done in accordance with strict deadlines. Pick up applications at The Alligator. 11tS W. Univ. Ave. Applications must be returned by noon, Friday, April 11. No phone calls. AA/EOE. 4-. 11-11-12 $ADD EXTRA CASH$ THIS AD WORTH $17 To New Docnurs on 2nd Visit or who haven't donated in last 3 mos. New Cash Schedule. Free caRfoe & cookies doily. Bi-monthly raffle for a T.V. GAINESVILLE PLASMA 378-9431 23tSW4th Avt. Mon/Wed/Pri 8-3. Tues/Thurs 10-7 Sot 10-2 4-10-40-12 SUMMER JOBS. Avg. $1300/month + coil. credit. Send name, major, phone # to: Summer Work, PO Box 12455A, Gainesville, 32604. SW co. 4-7-5-12 WRITERS and PHOTOGRAPHERS for a Greek oriented magazine. Send S.A.S.E. to: Greek Quarterly, Box 465, DeKalb, ILl60115. 4-7-5-12 GOVERNMENT JOBS. $16,040 -$59,230/yr. Now -hiring. Call 805-687-6000 Ext. R-9486 for currentfederallist. 4-25-42-12 SUMMER WORK! Must have 2.5+ GPA. Avg. $395 a week. Call 378-2866 SW co. 4-7-5-12 Overseas jobs. Summer, yr. round. Europe, S Amer., Australia, Asia. All fields. $900-2000 mo. Sightseeing. Free info. Write IJC, PO Bx 52FL2, Corona Del Mor, CA 92625. 4-3-10-12 SECRETARY -PARTTIME, neat printing, some typing, close to UF. Call 377-0040 -leave name & number. 4-7-6-12 $ ADD EXTRA CASH $ THIS AD WORTH $ 17 To newadonors on 2nd Visit or whTohve'tdonotedionaso3mos. New Cash Schedule. Free coffee and cookies daily. Bi-tnonthly raffle for a T.V. GAINESVILLE PLASMA 378-9431 238 SW 4 Ave. Mon/Wed/Fri 8-3 Tues/Thurs 10-7 Sat 10-2 4-10-40-12 THE INSTITUT f14EY 6ArcR,YOLl 51-lw OKAYl1S 0 .ArJP WNI1OII -RPrnot.AL 0 F ~ j lSDUVIC,5. THE INSTITUTION "Sexism and Literature" Compus Organized Against Rope presents Bari Strusact 415 i 122 & 123 sof the Unionvo April 2. 4-2-2-13 SKYDIVE Learn to skydive with the Williston Skydivers. Jump course starts Sat. and Sun. ot 10:00 a.m., 376-1096. Group rates and weekday instruction available by appointment. 4-10-50-13 PERSONALS SAVE ON RAYBANS University Opticians 300 S.W. 4thAve. 378-4480 4-25-75-13 ION ?525ED Orrrl1t AT SLD VWPDO WIT /,p! u Vl5~ VE go ToI4RolT HIM? OSI O r \\ja C U Brighten ~ FRoIP 15EWKErLY j Someone's Day! r'! GIVE BLOOD! reonl bod ceter, inc. Fa ~ e uuo .roy RIDES Miami -$40 R/T -$25 O/W -WEEKLY. Leave Friday/Return Sunday -New 30-Possenger Bus. Ride Cheap/Comfortably/Fosi/Sofe -332-6182 -(305) 221-9281. 4-4-48-15 LOST AND FOUND LOST WALLET KEEP CASH, but please return my misc. items to Brad Bullock, 835 NW 4th Ave, Williston or 374-4054 4-2-3-17 U Unwanted Hair Removed Forever. 30 years exp. Edmund Dwyer, Electrologist. 4040 Newberry Rd. Suite 1350, 372-8039. 4-25-75-13 GAY SWITCHBOARD 332-0700 Call9bout Tues. Night Activities Something Different Every Week 4-25-75-13 Ladies make money We buy & sell good used clothig. Call Second Act, 373-8527. 4-25-75-13 PASSPORT PHOTOS READY IN 60 SECONDS. Media Image Photography 21 SE 2nd Place 3751911. 4-25-61-13 Speed Sale All ladies swimwear 10-30% off. Men's suits, goggles and accessories 10% off withrmention of this ad. Lloyd Clarke Sports 1504 NW 13 St. 372-7836. 4-4-4-13 Tired of parking problem at UF? Work with other students who are lust as concerned. Applications for Associate Justice, PR Staff, and Student/UPD Advisory Board now available at the Traffic Court. Applications due April 7. 4-44-13 Alarmrs!l Par your CAR. Stereos, tool We toill install your oon equipment, also. MOBILE TEK 374-0664. 4-4-7-13 SUMMER JOBS. Avg. $1300 per month + cull. credit. Send name, major, phone # to: Summer Work, PO Box 12455A, G'ville, 32604. ******SW co. 4-7-5-13 HYPERTENSION? HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE? We are testing a naturally occurring food substance as treatment for highblood pressure. It works great in rats. We want to know if it works in people, too. Need 30 volunteers for 20 week period. If interested, call Dr. Robert Code at 392-8952. 49-10-13 Surf City! The latest styles of Quiksilver, Jimmy'z, Jams, Gotcha & Catchit in stock now! Shirts, t-shirts & sunglasses, too! Check us out. Lloyd Clarke Sports 1504 NW 13 St. 372-7836. 4-4-4-13 INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS: Recently published, Guide to Greencard from F/J/H Visas. For free details send refundable $1.00 (P&H): Immigration Publications, P.O. Box 515991, Dallas, TX 75251. 4-4-5-13 Christian Hosoi $45.99 Great selection of hot boards including Walker Scorpion, Sims Staab, Sims Pro Rocco, Schmitz Stix Lucero, Vision Gonzales. All acces. also Lloyd Clarke Sports is where it's at! 1504 NW 13 St. 372-7836. 4-4-4-13 $5.00 SPINAL EXAM Family Chiropractic Center 1107 SW 2nd Av. 2blks from UF Dr. Steven Schargel D.C. Call 373-7070. UF insurance accepted. 4-2-6-13 clip alligator F savings t 1ui LO ~everydayWo 555 ~ c I-by Steve Riehm P COME / THE NASA AEROVRf An exhibit at the Reitz Union April 1-3 North Lawn 9 am -3 pm featuring Aeronautical Exhibits THIS EVENT SALUTES THE FLORIDA UNION/J. WAYNE REITZ UNJON FOR FIFTY YEARS OF SERVICETO by Steve Rjehm THE UNIVERSITY COMMUNITY -.:-F -ILff-961E *-M Z T H/ t~' IN lil '\ L 

PAGE 14

14, alligator, tuesday april 1, 1986 Furman to get AX Presentsthe Greek Goddess Contest Vandy money man ProToga Tuesday at Icl NASHVILLE, Tenn. (UPI) -iattic director Dick Sheridan left Vanderbilt associate athletic the Southern Conference school to director George Bennett, who ingo to North Carolina State. creased Vanderbilt's athletic funBennettf lew to Greenville, S.C., draising tenfold during his sevenMarch 11 and again last Friday to 0 year tenure, will become athletic discuss the job with Furman 0 director at Furman, it was disclosed President John Johns. o& Monday. Bennett is expected to take up his "I look on it as a challenge -the new position in late April or early same kind of challenge that I knew Mas, he said.E would be in store for me when I Itm really excited about the came here seven years ago," Bennett move," Bennett said. said. When he came to Vanderbilt as The announcement will be made assistant athletic director for Wednesday morning at a press financial development, the school conference at the South Carolina was raising about $200,000 a year School. for its athletic program. Last year Bennett, 52, was contacted by a Bennett raised more than $2 million Furman alumnus about the job last and the school is expected to top that January after football coach and mark again this year. Donate blood. on the bloodmobile! Caiaui. regional blood center, inc. 1221 N.W. 13th Steet, Gainnville. Fl. 37705 TON IG HT1 9"2 Everyone Welcomeq A YOU' RE $2.00otl o! Oaks Mall THE JUDGE Lukemna SocIety 372-994 ______ owbba. The positions of Associate Justice of the You can use the American Express Card Student Traffic Court require a special type to buy concert tickets for your favorite P groups or airplane tickets fr your oacaof person. You'll hear cases, weigh their tionsIt'sthe perfect way to pay for all the little things, and the big-ticket items, that merits, and render judgement. It requiresyo'lwnduigcle. responsibility and maturity. There are also How to get the Card openings for the Public Relations staff and before you graduate. the Student/UPD Advisory Board. Because we believe college is the first sign of success, we've made it easier for you to get the American Express Card. Graduating students can get the Card as soon as they Student Traffic Court accept a $100 aree-oriented o.I you're not graduating yet, you can Deadline for applications are April 7. apply for a special sponsored Card. Look Interviews will be held April 8,9,10,11. for student applications on campus. Or call -800-THE-CARD, and tell them 392-1621 110 North-South Drive you want a student application. The American Express Card. Don't leave school without itu WUFT9D FM 89.1 presents A LATIN JAZZ SPECTACULAR PAQUITO D'RIVERA QUINTET 3H "Swift, ha, icisve, soaring, compWingly personal. TUESDAY, APRIL 1st 8 p.m. at the 1LORIDA THEATRE ano. .Unimrsity Ae. 'tkMt are $8.50 and are mn sae at the Unversty Bx Offiee Hor: MNbday -Friay, 8 a.m. -3 p.m. Phonw: 392-153 

PAGE 15

alligator, tuesday aDril 1. 1986. 1 John Mahaffey no also-ran with TPC win PONTE VEDRA (UPI) -Every time it looks like his golf career might be fading, John Mahaffey turns up the light. Winner of five tournaments, including the 1978 PGA Championship, in four years, Mahaffey went three years without winning again. Now he has refound his touch. He won the Bob Hope Classic and a careerhigh $252,000 in 1984, The Texas Open and $342,000 in 1985, and is off to his best year yet in 1986. His come-from-behind victory in the Tournament Players Championships, a starstudded $900,000 event that PGA commissioner Deane Benan hopes will someday be considered the fifth "major," was worth $162,000. Mahaffey's biggest payday ever makes him the 1986 money leader with $245,000. it also vaulted Mahaffey past the $2 million career earnings mark. Nearly $850,000 of that has been won the past 27 months, showing how far he has come since he was plagued by physical and personal problems. Mahaffey, who gives part of the credit to the support of his wife, Susie. says he has a more positive outlook these days than he did a decade or so ago when he had some disappoiintilg finishes including a playoff loss in the 1975 U.S. Open. That )ositi e outlook stood him in good stead Sunday when he overcame a five-shot deficit in the last 12 holes (and a three-shot deficit in the last four) to edge Larry Mize at the wire. "I know how Larry feels," Mahaffev said. "I've been in his shoes. That's whrc experience paid off." Mahaffey, a 37-year-old Texan, has been on the PGA Tour 11 years longer than Mize, a 27year-old Georgian who made, his debut in 1982. "When you've been there before, you learn to be patient," said Mahaffey, who now has nine pro victories to just one for Mize (the 1983 Memphis Classic). -Even when I was live shots back and it looked dark, I figured there was enough trouble out there (on the TPC course) where anything could happen. "I kept hoping it would get close and -knowing I had to hang in there and be positive." Mahaffey was maybe a bit too positive. He was counting on thetPossibility of picking up an eagle or two on the remaining par-5s. He instead played the last seven holes in even par but won because Mize, who had appeared en route to a record low TPC score, bogeved four of the last five holes and missed a birdie putt, 11 the other one. Mize, who has a reputation for that sort of misfiring,was near tears. His wife is expecting a baby within the month and while $97,20) was quite a consolation prize, he was upset about not only the $64,800 that got away but also that prestigious TPC title. "I didn't play well when I needed to," Mize said. "My hat's off to John. He hung in there. I WE'REOOUR PUBLIC UIRARY F ;7Z 371Allotarads S& O$8O I THERE'S STILL TIME TO PREPARE CLASSES STARTING APRIL 2 CALL DAYS. EVENINGS & WEEKENDS 377-0014 EDUCATIONAL CENTER The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc. publisher of the independent florida allgator announces the opening for the position of Managing Editor Sunmer Semester Applications for this paid position are available at the Alligator classified advertising desk in the lobby at 1105 W. University Ave. from 8 am -4 pm, Monday through Friday. Applications must be returned to the same desk prior to 4 pm, Monday, April 7. This is an absolute deadline. Interviews and selection by the Board of Directors will be held at a meeting open to the public, Sunday, April 13, beginning at 10:30 a.m. Applicants must be present at that time to be considered for the position. The meeting will be held at the Alligator offices at 1105 W. University Ave. Applicants must be degree-seeking college or university students. The Alligator is an Equal Opporiunity/Affirmalive Ation Employer MCI RAW PFILIF55FI1JSi JOHN WILEY 8 SONS, Inc. Springer-Verlag Merlin I eikeUbrg 'INew Yur* )-t 0i Jossey-Bass Van Nostrand Reinhold AX3. Sider HARPER & ROW /AcaPess icMcGRAW-HILL The above are major publishers of professional books. We may be able to save you time and money if you need any of their titles. Call GOERINGS, 378-0363. We are open from 10:00 to 9:00. Sunday 10:00 to 5:00. MwA Addison-Wesley bOOK C[NTZP ,tR4VSflUof V 0S ?O"TLU"N? ~1'. ___ BASH RIPROCK'S 1222 W.University We Deliver 372=0044 subs croissants salads Bash Potatoes Mexican -and more------a u mo -n -s m -n mn -n mn -u -----n FREE SODA with purchase of any Entree valid through 4-5-86 I. --D--EEK -AD-E-* ~ * 0 00 .ALL DAY TUES. & WED .L ARGE PIZZA w/ ANY 4 TOPPINGS ty"* *825 .THIN CRUST OR DEEP DISH 0 eS 3-7 Extra cheese not included 0 Free Delivery Limited Area o Offer not good with any other offer S 4:30.1:30 Sta on. -0)a.i n. -1 .-.130.a .niTi-Th e.11-0. a. i. 2 30a r. 6 a l,. : ___DYTUEnt EAD. There's Gold In them thar'ads. Call AlHigator Display Advertising a37-4482 lPlenumn nm&4CC#V-"L~l -----------. don't know what happened. I just didn't play well as I usually do." Mahaffev, who started the final round four shots off Mize's then-record pace, said he C wasn't comfortable until after the first couple of holes. "I'm glad it's over," he said with a wry smile. "I didn't get into my tempo until at least the third hole, but I felt I hit some solid shots down the stretch. "I really wasn't concerned with what Larry (playing in the same threesome) was doing, because I was having enough problems of my Mahaffey, who forged into a tie for the lead ()n the 70th hole wbrii Mize had a third-straight bogev and he made a 5-foot birdie putt, says he breathed a sign of relief when Mize missed a 3foot birdie putt on the final hole. I knew if I made mine, it was all over, Mahaffev said. I never sa\N it land. It was a tremendous thrill. 

PAGE 16

16, alligator, tuesday april 1 1986 Louisville again Denny Crum wins another title; Cardinals beat Duke 72-69 DALLAS (UPI) -Freshman Pervis Ellison struck for 25 points Monday night to help Louisville 'complete its remarkable ascent to the pinnacle of college basketball, defeating Duke 72-69 to win the NCAA championship. In capturing its second national title, Louisville deposed the nation's No. 1 team-a squad that had won 21 straight games, had not lost in more than two months and had established a national record for most victories in a single season with 37. The No. 7 Cardinals offset the scoring of Duke All-America Johnny Dawkins and the punishing defense of Tommy Amaker with the inside play of the 6-foot-9 Ellison. Louisville concluded in triumph a season that began forbiddingly. The Cardinals were 11-6 before rampaging through the rest of the schedule. Louisville won 21 of its last 22 games, ran off a final streak of 17 in a row and finished at 32-7, becoming the first school to win two titles in this decade. The Cardinals led 70-65 with 27 seconds to go following a pair of foul shots by Ellison. They then had to sweat out the last 30 seconds as Duke surged. Jay Bilas delivered a layup with 19 seconds left to cut the lead to 70-67. Billy Thompson of Louisville then missed the front end of a 1-and1, giving the Blue Devils a chance. Danny Ferry. the reserve freshman center. had hit the winning basket in Saturday's semifinal against Kansas, put in a follow shot after a scramble in the lane with three seconds to play to cut the Louisville lead to one point. Milt Wagner, the Cardinals' senior guard who had a decidingly off night, was fouled and converted both free throws, putting Louisville ahead 72-69 with two seconds to go. "It's over," shouted Louisville guard Jeff Hall. He then secured the victory by stealing the final inbounds pass. The Blue Devils compiled a 37-3 record this season. Ellison .with 11 rebounds and Herbert Crook, with 12, .helped Louisville dominate the boards 39-27 in a game that hatched tso extraordinarily quick and defensive teams. And no one was quicker than Dawkins. lie frequently left defenders in hopeless pursuit as lie broke for his left-handed jumper or drove through the laneDawkins made a pair of free throws with 3:08 to go to move the Blue Devils ahead 65-64. Those were the last points Duke would score until Bilas converted with 19 seconds remaining. Thompson then hit from the lane to put Louisville up 66-65 and the Cardinals went into a stall. After David Henderson and Dawkins missed for Duke, Ellison followed up a shot from Hall to make it 68-65 ssith 41 seconds to play. Henderson missed a lavup on the following possession an Ellison then sank two free throws to put the Cardinals ahead by 5 with just a half minute to go. Dawkins finished with 24 points, Mark Alarie hit for 12 and Amaker had 11 points, seven assists and seven steals. Thompson scored 13 points for the Cardinals with Crook adding 10. Wagner was limited to 9 points. He did not score his first field goal until 5:33 remained, on a 3-point play that pulled Louisville to61-60. Louisville's victory marked a dramatic turnaround. A year ago, the Cardinals finished at 19-18, ,ailing to reach the NCAA Tournament But earls in the game, Dawkins and Amaker appeared to be insurmiountable obstacles as these triggered the formidable Duke defense. clOggin'g Louisville passing laies beating the ball and bellied up On defense. Duke's Jay Bilas hooks the ball past Louisville's Billy Thompson (55) Monday during the NCAA Championship in Dallas. Weaver greeted by pitterpatter of bouncy steps On Mondays, people are usually found in a burned-out state from a weekend of partying. And the Monday after spring break often brings more weariness. But members of the UF gymnastics teams greeted Coach Ernestine Weaver with a smile when they entered the practice gym Monday afternoon. Each of the girls walked with a bounce in her step, seemingly unaware that on the beam they were beginning a rigorous three-hour practice. The Gators' good mood is understandable during the break the squad scored its two highest scores of the season. Included was a 188.10 in a win against Southeastern Conference rival Georgia. Weaver said the performances have the team looking forward to nationals. "You can see the way they're cioing into the gym. They're ready to go," Weaver said. "That's different in past years. I can count on one hand the number of times we've had to talk with them about a problem with practice. There's been no problem with practice, but the team has had its share of worries. UF entered the season with only eight active gymnasts after senior Maria Anz left Gainesville for an acting career and sophomore Michelle Goodwin was forced to discontinue practicing with the team because of a weight problem. Weaver also criticized other members of the team for being overweight. Injuries have also taken their toll in the Gators. Sophomore Gina Stallone has been sidelined practically the entire season sith a stress fracture to her leg. Co-captain Kim Hillner missed several meets because of the flu and Tarniiy Smith was held out of two meets with an injured ankle. Recently, freshman Leslie Gould went down for the season with a separated shoulder. 'You can see the way they're coming into the gym. They're ready to go.' Ernestine Weaver UF Gymnastics coach Despite the problems.Weaver said the season has been enjoyable. "This is the most satisfying year as a coach in a long time. We've seen a lot of adversity, but we've put those problems behind us," Weaver said. "The kids are peaking beantifolly. They say this is the 'home of the Fightin' Gators' and that's what they've done. The last two competitions were almost flawless." But it's the flaws that might hurt UF's chances of repeating as Southeast Regional Champions. The injury bug struck again and left junior Anita Botnen with an hyperextended elbow and Smith with an injured knee. Smith has returned to the practice gym, but Botnen's status is still questionable. Weaver said doctors advised that Botnen sit out for 10 days after the March 24 meet against Penn State, but because she's recovering quickly, Weaver will have the doctors re-evaluate her. Freshman Erika White may be able to compensate for the loss of Botnen. The Plantation native came on strong in the Penn State meet after Botnen was injured. White turned in a 9.5 performance on the balance beam. White has certainly come a long way from being a walk-on trying to recover from two hyperextended knees. "After I had been injured, I was just hoping that I could still do gymnastics," White said. "Now I'm looking to make things count for the team and keel) myself from being injured." White's success mirrors that of the Gators. Not much was expected from the walk-on because of her injury, but her good performances have surprised many. BASEBALL: UF plays at Jacksonville Unisersitsy tonight at 7 p.m. before returning to Perry Field for athree-game series against Auburn this weekend. The SEC series begins with a double-header Saturday at 6 p.m. with a final game Sunday at 1:30 p.mi. UF GOLFERS: The woien's team trace-Is to Miami to participate in the Florida State C bollcgiatc Fridas tihrough Smdas. sports calendar GYMNASTICS: UF competes in the NCAA Regional Championship in Morgantown, W. Va., Saturday evening beginning at 7:30. SWIM TEAMS: UF's men's team participates in the NCAA Championship Friday through Sunday in Indianapolis, Ind. UF NETTERS: The men's tennis team hosts Kentucky Wednesday at 2 p.m. before traveling to Tuscaloosa, Ala., to play Alabama Sunday and Auburn in Auburn, Ala., Monday. Both away matches begin at 1i).min. UF's women's team plays South Florida in Tampa Tuesday and Mississippi State at home Saturday. TRACK AND FIELD: The UF's men's team competes in the Texas Relays in Austin, Texas, Friday and Saturday. UF's wumen's team visits Jacksonville for the Florida Junior College Invitational Saturday. 
