
PAGE 1

00 The Florida Alligator AV AA wc1wA THE SOUTHEAST'S LEADING COLLEGE DAILY Vol. 62, No. 111 University of Florida, Gainesville Friday, April 3, 1970 Ellis Defends Profs' Rights By MARGO COX Alligator Writer "Law professors' qualifications give weight to their statements advocating the rejection of G. Harrold Carswell's Supreme Court nomination, "Mrs. Kay Ellis, -a leader of the UF Stop-Carswell movement, said Thursday. "Professors have the right to place their qualifications behind their statements and these qualifications are what give weight and merit to their impartial statements on such issues," she said. TUESDAY, BOARD of Regents Chairman D. Burke Kibler chastised Florida State University Law School Dean Joshua Morse for the actions of nine FSU law faculty members who wrote to President Richard M. Nixon asking the withdrawal of the Carswell nomination. "I doubt any of these faculty members know much about Carswell other than that he is a -Southern conservative," Kibler's letter to Morse Musi read. out "Yet the inference is that they know him and are in effect giving a woI peer judgment." 5 KIBLER INDICATED to Morse that the task of those trying to get adequate funding for the universities is made difficult by actions such as these. "Certainly, any professor is entitled to express -an individual judgment on public matters, and that right is not questioned by me. "But their official connotation with the university gives credence and veracity to judgments that are not earned or deserved," Kibler said. MORSE SAID that the professors had asserted their constitutional right, and "There is no question as to their right to act." In a letter to Nixon, the president was asked to appoint only the most highly qualified Southern jurist, and not Carswell. U The UF Stop-Carswell petition was circulated during UF law school elect orientation last week. can re p According to Mrs. Ellis, more than one-quarter of the law student poli body signed the petition. inde "Similar petitions are being circulated throughout the nation," Mrs. A Ellis said, "and at least five of our professors have sent letters to qual Nixon regarding the withdrawal of the Carswell nomination." posi UF Workers HoIc Plan Second So See Editorial Page 8 By JAY GARTMAN Alligator Writer A rally to gain support for a new UF nonacademic workers' union brought 150 persons to the Plaza of the Americas Thursday afternoon. John McLaughlin, coordinator of the union effort, assembled 13 speakers for the first of two rallies. The workers themselves will stage a rally Saturday, 2 p.m., at Mount Carmel Baptist Church in Gainesville BOB RODGERS, Delta Upsilon cook, instituted the move after talking to some fellow workers about six weeks ago. "Some of their salaries were so low it made me sick," Rodgers said. "They worked a full week and earned only around $40 for that period. They were so down they wanted to quit, but I thought if we formed a union and had collective bargaining we might be able to improve our benefits,"-Rodgers said. RODGERS, 58, said the UF employes want to work, "but if the administration won't listen JOHN McLAUGHLIN .a student and a cook to us at all we might have to strike." '"I know the administration will listen to us, though," Rodgersasaid. "I was a cook for the ATO fraternity back in 1934 when (UF President Stephen C.) O'Connell lived in the house. He was understanding about other human beings then and I don't think he's changed." "For the two years that I have been here I have worked on improving the conditions -of these workers." .President O'Connell said. "The university has and will continue to improve pay its C that con Adi gov righ O'C MU expansion at UF is an everpresent situat c -Department, after being housed ated wooden building formerly occupied men's gym, has finally made it to the to FOR PRESIDENT SICAL HIGHNOTE ion. The building list. This soon-to-be-completed building In the should fumish the department with all the space d by tha and special equipment needed. 'p of the Candidates Register For SG Elections By RICK ROSKOWE deadline. Chafin, 3AS, (I). Alligator Writer RUNNING FOR president Education: Judy Johnston, will be Alan Howes, 6ED, under 3ED, (D) and Nancy Newbern, F's spring student body the banner of Do It party (D), 4ED, (F). tions will have five Steve Uhlfelder, 3LW, for Focus Business Administration: didates for president, party (F), Andy Kramer, 4AS, Thomas Korge, 3BA, (D) and resenting three major for Student Freedom party (SF), Doug Henson, 3BA, (F). tical parties and two Jimmey Bailey, 4JM, an AGRICULTURE: David pendent candidates. independent candidate (I) and Swebilius, 3AG, (D) and Marvin total of 168 persons Robert "Flash" Matte, 4AS, Giddens, 3AG, (F). ified for the 63 available independent (I). Engineering: Steve Prior, tions before the 5 p.m. Student body elections are SEG, (D) and Charles Lassiter, scheduled for April 22, but 3EG, (F). names will not be placed on any Architecture and Fine Arts: ballot before all students are Walter O'Ken, 3AR, (D) and cleared with the Registrar's Robert Glees, 5AR, (F). Office for grades. LAW: Thomas Hurst, lLW, A student must -have a 2.0 (D); George Jacunski, 3LW, (F) average. and Charles Harris, 3LW, (SF). Student body vice presidential Journalism, Ken Driggs, 4JM, nominees are Donald Tucker, (D); Chuck Carmen, 3JM, (F) 7EG, (D); Henry Solares, 4AS, and Joanne Weber, 3JM, (F). (F); and Joe Magyer, 3AS, (SF). Medicine: none CANDIDATES for treasurer NURSING: Cynthia Utley, include Bob Wattles, 6BA, (D) 3NR, (D) and Lillian Jones, and John Dodson, ILW, (F). 3NR, (F). Honor Court chancellor Health Related Professions: contestants include John Linda Satlof, 3HP, (F). Maynard, 4LW, (D) and Dan Pharmacy: Gloria Mikula, Stephens, 3LW, (F). 5PH, (D); Jerry Hood, 3PH, (F) Three students are in and Vern Allen, 4PH, (SF). competition for traffic court FORESTRY: Bill Dann,4FY, chief justice. They are Carol (F). Brunson, 2UC, (D); Kathy Physical Education: James Spellman, 4AS, (F) and Joel Gray, 3PE, (D) and Michele Lipman, 2UC, (SF). Ciprich, 3PE, (F). BOB ROGE RS .EIGHTEEN Honor Court Students -seeking the five BOBr ROGERS justice postions are open. Forty senate seats open to freshman iort a union students have applied for the (SEE 'CANDIDATES'PAGE 2) and working conditions of postions. Each college has one employes." seat, with IUC and 2UC being 'CONNELL EXPLAINED exceptions, each having two t the nonacademic salaries are seats. trolled by the Department of lUC: Michael Munroe, (D); ministration under the state Gail Hill, (D); Holly Hadley, (F); CHANCELLOR MAUTZ ernor. Jeff Lee, (F); Lynn Brown, (SF) says Board of Regents Our employes have a perfect and Nin McQuillen, (SF). plans a variable activity t to belong to a union," said 2UC: Jerry McCarty, (D); fee lans .a.vasabe 3 nnnell "and I will be Rick Huhhel f.D)p James eI delighted to listen." Other speakers at the rally included Dr. Wallace Nelson, associate professor of social sciences and the new president (SEE 'AAUP' PAGE 3) JN%& 1Uuu, MU; alIO Rinehart, (F); Bradley P. Goodman, (F) and Helen Freimark, (SF). ARTS AND SCIENCES: Eileen Trautman, 3AS, (D); Esther Birsky, 3AS, (F); Pete Knocke, 3AS, (SF) and David Classified .-.&.14 Editoriabs.5 Enterainment .17 Leftters;. 9 Movies. ..14 OWaa's Had ueB.16 Sprts. 2 What Happeelag .:.2 

PAGE 2

2 .The P1 A~m P M -3L.5 l lU aI Candidates: 1970 JIMMEY BAILEY ...an independent ANDY KRAMER .Student Freedom Party ALAN HUVVES .Do-it Party STEVE ULFELDEI ...Focus Party Candidates Just Come And OM PAGE ONE are classified lUC. Students and their parties are John Gillespie, Jr., (D); John Watts, (D); Gary Nevins, (D); Bebe Gaines, (D); Karen Aho, (F); Eric Alan Seibert, (F); Lee Schwartz, (F); Steve Kraftchick, (F); Charles Faulds, (F); Donald Morrow, (SF); John Geary, (SF); Alan Leveton, (SF); Bob McKenna, (SF); Paul Saragosey, (SF) and Harry Eisenberg, (I). SOPHOMORE candidates, who are classified 2UC, are seeking one of seven senate seats. They are Robert Heekin, (D); Jim Gundry, (D); Wally Hardenstine, (D); Judy Koons, ,(D); Bonnie K. Pickford, (D); Bonnie Davis, (D); Maya Bugeski, (D); Randy Kinder, (F); Sheldon Stevens, (F); David Depew, (F); Thomas J. Crowley, (F); Chris Johnson, (F); John Labelle, (F); John Allen, (F); Randy Wilson, (SF); Bruce Fried, (SF); Bruce Nearson, (SF) and Talmage Scott, (SF). Those seeking the five available senate postions in the College of Arts and Sciences are: Lee Eaddy, Jr., 3AS, (D); Liz Cowen, 3AS, (D); Doug Crow, 3AS, (D); Joel Lindsay, 3AS, (D); Adra Farris, 3AS, (D); Gary Jordan, 3AS, (F); James Lott, 3AS, (F); Johnny White, 3AS, (F); Mike Hittleman, 3AS, (F); Russell Mitchell, 4AS, (F); Georgia Triplett, 3AS, (SF); Larry Woldenberg, 7AS, (SF); Martin Lewis, 3AS, (SF); Geofrey Burdick, 3AS, (SF) and Lynda McFadden, 3AS, (SF). The College of Education has four seats up for grabs. Candidates are Karen Reilly, 3ED, (D); Deanne Veltri, 3ED, (D); Walt Mickler, 7ED, (F); Carvel Wisenbaker, 3ED, (F); Everett Abney, 7ED, (F); Jim Powell, 4ED, (F); Barry Gottlieb, 3ED, (SF) and Patricia Hulse,-3ED, (SF). THE FOUR seats in the College of Business Administration are sought by John Despriet, 3BA, (D); John Bryan, 3BA, (D); Jerry Hermanson, 4BA, (D); Robert Salveson, 3BA, (SF); Jay Dominick, 3BA, (F); W. A. Keeter, 3BA, (F); Howard Hammer, 3BA, (SF); Alan Trupkin, 3BA, (SF); Steven Mermell, 3BA, (SF). Agriculture's one seat is being sought by Travis E. Ericsson, 4AG, (D) and Jerry Selph, 4AG, (F). Three seats in the College of Engineering are being fought for by George Elling, 4EG, (D); Agustin Bruguera, 4EG, (D); John Davis, -SEG, (D); James Lottinville, 4EG, (F); Charles Lassiter, 3EG, (F); Michael Haycock, 3EG, (F). ARCITECI'URE and Fine Arts has two seats being sought by Dianna Leach, 4AR, (D); Judy Morse,.3AR, (D); Richard Fox, 4AR, (F); Ira Giller, 3AR, (F) and Vaugh Bomberger, 7AR, (I). The two seats in the College of Law are being sought by Nikki Clayton, 3LW, (D); William Gentry, 3LW, (D); Peter Dearing, 3LW, (F); Rick Horder, Cade Blasts Out Against State Board Of Regents By BOB WISE influence, the regents are Medical School was making Alligator Writer politically selected and are using progress. Now the same people Dr. Robert Cade, inventor of the university system for their ask -him "what's wrong down Gatorade, cited irresponsible own political ends, according to there in Gainesville," Cade said. journalismand political Cade. meddling in UF affairs as the "I called them liars -and Cade's charge that the regents reasons for his blasts. at the thieves, and that is what they were "liars" -referred to their Gainesville Sun, UF are," Cade said. claim to be free of politics, while administration and Florida WHEN CADE came to the UF the regent's dealings with him on Board of Regents on local radio from Cornell in 1961, he was the Gatorade patent issue broadcasts -yesterday. advised to turn down several prompted the epithet of Cade, who announced his other offers because the UF "thieves," he said. V---aun u IVC-u A"s resignation from the UF faculty a month ago, said the Sun's asnouncentent that he had accepted an offer from the University of Nebraska was false. He had not accepted any offer, Cade said. "I'VE NEVER seen a Sun reporter. Every month they publish something about what I'm doing or what I'm thinking, but they never bother to consult me," Cade said. Although created to free the university from political BAHALLAH FOUNDER5BANA'l FAITHj EAM SMOKER Monday, April 6 for information Call: 372-0038 or 378-6568 afw2P.M. 3LW, (F); Charles Livingston, 2LW, (SF); Edward Hales, 3LW, (SF) and Gary Kinder, 3LW, (I). Students fighting for the two College of Journalism. seats are Carol Sanger, 4JM, (D); Sherry Galanti, 3JM, (D); Donald Hess,, 4JM, (F); Barb Griffin, 4JM, (F); Barbara Shaefer, 3JM, (SF); Kenneth McKinnon, 3JM, (SF); Jay Gartman, 3JM, (I) and Charles Elderd, 3JM, (I). MEDICINE'S one seat is being sought by John Arnold, 2MD, (D); and Barry H. Dvorchik, 7MD, (F). Nursing contestants -for a senate seat are Carolyn Vtsey, 3NR, (D) and Elizabeth Pottinger, 3NR, (F). Come One senate postion open from Health Related Professions is being sought by Jill Standquist, 31P, (D) and Karen Healy, 3HP, (F). PHARMACY'S one seat is being sought by Louis Pasetti, 6PH, (D); John Cromer, 4PH, (D) and Richard Coffey, 6PH, (F). Forestry's senate seat is being sought by Theodore Forsgren, Jr., 3FY, (D) and George Davis, 4FY, (F). The College of Physical Education's one seat is being sought by Mary Atkinson, 3PE, (D) and Helen Zeiler, 3PE, (F). F/I I AT~ PRAY FOR. .: "Rosemary's Baby" at the Reitz Union tonight and tomorrow night, at 5:30,8 and 10:30 p.m. -Sunday: Lord Jim at 6:30 and 9:30 p.m. I HEARD THAT BEFORE: The Center of Man presents the play "Son of Man" tonight at the University Auditorium. Time: 8 p.m. PRO VETS: The UF Veterans Club weets tonight at the Rathskeller. The meeting is open to the public. The subject is tne newly proposed state G.I. bill. HAVING A PEACE BALL: SMC sponsors the fsrst annual Anti-Military Ball in the basement of Broward Hall tonight. BOMB TIME: The Atomic Energy Commission, in connection with the Engineering Fair, will show films in the Gainesville Mall. Times: Today 3 to 9 p.m., and tomorrow 10 am. to 9 p.m. WANNA SWING?: The Gainesville Singles Club will have a party at the Ironwood Country Club. BYOB 9 p.m. till .All single adults welcomed. COLLEGE LIFE: Meets at the Kappa Delta sorority house at 9:13 Sunday. COME TOGETHER: Interested in getting things together in Gainesville? We need people to help design, plan, build and set up the Rose Auditorium and Community Center ...Call Bruce Nearon, 376-6326. TACO SELL s TACO 3E '"L > TACO SEtL4 TACO BELL v TACOBELL 0 SAVE A DIME ., -SpeckIa0p 10 off ANY Food Item with this Ad F GOOD ONLY WED thr SUNDAY 826W S4/1 to 4/5 2W Univ. Ave. /-= -OPEN7 daysaweek 2 Coupone per customer 10:30 to 11:00 wecdays 10:30to12:00 weekends STACOBELt #o TACO BELL TACO BE LL_ TACOBELLlr THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the UOniversity of Florida and Is published five times Weekly except during June.July and August when It's published semi-weekly, and duringstudent hoidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida Alligator, Reitz Union Building, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32601. The Alligator Is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainsvlle. Florida 32601. Subecritlon rate Is $10.00 per year and $3.50 per Quarter. The Fkiwsda Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of aN advertisements and to revise or turn away copy it considers objectionable. The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustments of payments for any advisement involving typographical errors or erroneous insertion unless notice Is given to the advertising manager within (1) one day after the dvertlsoment appears. The Florida Alligator will ndt be responsible for we than *oe Incorrect Insertion of an advertisement scheduled to run eseetinee. Notices for correction must be given before the next 0dB IF&Mi.mL&A M& -A --M d% 4 dMMA p I I I 

PAGE 3

FEE PROPOSAL Consideed y Regents .W. e% Environmentalists To Hold Teach-In Collegiate environmental action groups from across Florida meet at UF Friday through Sunday for a workshop to prepare for the April 22 National Environmental Teach-In. At least 60 students from 20 colleges and universities are expected to attend the teach-in workshop, said Alan Sandler (5AR) chairman of the April 19-22 "Clean Earth Festival," planned for the university. ENVIRONMENTAL Action Group (EAG) is sponsoring the festival and workshop at UF. EAG is composed of approximately 150 students and faculty members conceded with environmental problems. Sandler said plans for both the workshop and the earth festival here have been slowed by the postal strike, which has created contract difficulties with speakers. Events planned for the university's earth festival include: an environmental "preach-in" for community churches; a talk by Ralph Nader, crusader for safe automobiles who now wants to make the environment safe; an "earth concert" of specially written songs .and poetry, including an "Environmental Revival;" an environmental fair; a workshop for Florida's legislators and a community action program on environmental problems. Workshop participants have been invited by EAG to "bring all the aluminum cans you can carry" to the conference. % The cans are being collected on the UF campus for a special% Reynolds Metal Co. offer to pay 10 cents a pound for the containers which otherwise clutter the countryside indefinitely. AAUP Backs UF Workers' Union FRMGPACE ONE of the American Association of University Professors (AAUP). NELSON ANNOUNCED that the AAUP was backing unionization of the nonacademic workers "on humanitarian grounds and of its belief that the concept of the dignity of man requires that an adequate income be provided for services rendered." A few nonacademic workers attended the rally and talked of low salaries. "Most of us are over here just to look," said one cook, "but, although the fraternities pay moderately, I've been told that sorority house -workers' salaries are very low -aout $47 per week for better than 40 hours' work." ANOTHER COOK agreed with him. She said she approached her employers "about five times and received no results. But I talked -to a member of the executive board today. They said they were working on increasing my salary and I believe them." approved by them, is one we would ask the legislature to approve," he said. "THE THEORY is that each university offers different levels of services -such as in student health -and they should have variable fees instead of set fees." Mautz said if the measure is not approved by the board on Monday, but put off until the next meeting on May 4, it would very likely not get to the legislature in time for them to approve it. The present proposed increases of $5 in the UF activity fee does not include anything for athletics, O'Connell said Wednesday. In order for the athletic department to get the funds it needs, he said, it "can charge for the tickets or include it in the activity fee." O'Connell said in his opinion the maximum allowable fee "would be determined by the needs of the different institutions. If the proposed $10 increase at FSU stays, that would make the maximum that of the FSU request, or $42.50." By CHARLES TRENTLEMAN Alligator Writsr Robert Mautz, chairman of the state university system, said Thursday he felt the Board of Regents would pass Monday a proposal to set-a variable activity fee for all state universities. This proposal was mentioned Tuesday by UF President Stephen C. O'Connell as -a possible solution, to UF's problem of insufficient activity money for all those organizations dependent on it. THE PROPOSAL, if passed by the regents and the state legislature, would set a maximum limit for the activity fees of all state universities. The regents, guided by individual university requests, would seteach university's fee. If the regents pass the measure, which would take the form of a recommendation, it would still have to be passed by the legislature. "The proposition, as discussed in the Council of Presidents and Anti-Military Ball Tonight The basement of Broward Hall will be the site tonight of UF's first Anti-Military Ball. Sponsored by The Student Mobilization Committee and the Veterans Concerned about Vietnam, the dance is being held as part of this month's concentrated anti-war effort by these groups. The dance is scheduled for 9 p.m. Admission is $1, with uniformed ROTC cadets admitted at half price. Bruce Ellis, SMC spokesman said the ball is being held "specifically to protest the war, the university's compliance with the military and as a recruitment project." Further activities scheduled for this month include an "income tax day" rally, a march on St. Petersberg on April 18. April 13-18 marks a week of SMC anti-war activities on a national basis.Tom Rush seems to have sented by "Driviuig Wheel." All tade a cared of tpsing 4lentidtrie pad alot of emotion into new song writers. Fot instance, he their lyrics, and Tom's style brings sang Joni Mitchell's songs years out all they have to offer. before she recorded them herself. His album also includes a He also picked up on a young writer rocking version of Fred Neil's named James Taylor, whom The "WildChild,'isensitive reading of Beatles later signed to Apple. James Taylor's "Rainy Day Man' Tom's new album is brimandfiveotherlyrical gems. ming with his latest discoveries. Sure, a lot of people can Murray McLaughlin, whom Tom make a career ot of finding song metin Canada,contributed"Child's writers, but it still takes an artist Song"and"Old ManSopg"David to turn asong into a real find. Whiffen;anotheXdanadian,is repreSomeone like Tom Rush. 1 1 W I 'Son Of Man'-Tonighit Only "Son of Man," UF Professor Auditorium. Didier Graeffe's play parallelling Christ as a.hippie is portrayed the judgment of Christ with the by humanities instructor Mike Establishment's way of treating Beistle. hippies today, will be presented The play will be presented tonight at 8:15 in the University one time only. Admission is free. SMC Sponsors UF's First 

PAGE 4

he FP5WWa Aiastur, Friay, Apri 3, 1970 IN PLAZA OF THE AMERICAS s.utivaI Of The Arts Begins By CHARLOTTE O'CONNER ANleeer Wrsr Celebration '70, a multi-formed festival of the arts, will start today at noon with a folk festival in the Plaza of the Americas. The event is sponsored by Omicron Delta Kappa and several other campus orgnizations. 'THE FSTIVAL will encompass'all facets of. the arts,". said spokesman David Rouse. "Established art forms -will be presented next to art which is still very much in the experimental stage,' he said. "To these varied elements," he said, "Celebration will lend continuity and emphasis ,-to provide an infectious atmosphere on our campus and an unmistakable impact on the community."l He said the festival is an attempt at making the UF spring a "cultural mthemrin. .n ae UImar M+ vmmm. University, Northwestern and the University of Texas. "OUR PURPOSE is to encourage students who normally would just pass by a poster without even looking to actually go and see what's happening in art," Rouse said. Rouse said the festival is designed to create a cohesive program out of events usually held sporadically. A dance featuring Power, a rock group from Tampa, is scheduled for tonight at 8 in the Union Ballroom. Also featured will be a psychedelic light show by the Krishna Light Company. Admission is 25 cents for students. TiE SAME SHOW, minus dancing, is booked for Saturday night at 8 in the University Auditorium. Tickets will be 25 cents for students and 50 cents for the general public. "Son of Man," a play showing Jesus Christ -in modem dress,.-will be in University Auditorium tonight at 8:15 p.m. The play was written by UF humanities professor Didier Graeffe. The Houston Symphony Orchestra and piano soloist Gary Graffman will give a concert Tuesday night in the Florida Gym at 8. Tickets, selling for $2, $2.50 and $3.50, are available at the Union Box Office. JAMES WRIGHT, a New York University resident professor and contemporary poet, will follow on Thursday with readings of his own works at 8 p.m. in the University Auditorium. Other highlights -of the festival include: 0 The U.S. Army Soldier Show "Where's At," a musical performace by Army draftees. 4 A 3-day photography exhibit coordinated by UF professors Jerry Uelsmann and Doug Prince, including an exhibit from Carl Chianenza, a Boston University professor. 0 Poetry readings by students and professors from UF and other campuses. Pq 4,T predominantly black garbage collectors. With negotiations at a standstill, an early settlement did not seem likely. Rev. Ralph Abernathy, head of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, says he is ready to lead marches and other protestsin coming days. He has vowed to go to jail if necessary to dramatize the plight of the workers, most of whom make less than $85 a week. "We're going to straighten this town out," said Abernathy, successor to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., who was kiled two years ego this month while lending support to a similar strike in Memphis. The city claims all but 950 of the 2,600 municipal workers who walked out onlarch 17 are back on the job. The union maintains most of its people are still out. The true figure probably is somewhere in between. The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employes is asking fora one-step $4-a-week across-the-board raise for the workers. The city has offered a $5 raise on an incentive basis. Actually, it's a bonus plan with the worker getting it if he puts in a full 40-hour week. If not, he gets no pay increase from the $2.13 an hour most make now. "The city cannot afford the across-the-board raise," Massell said. "That would run $2.5 million and the city doesn't have the money." The union refuses. to even subndt the incentive idea to its membership. Hoffman Will Try 12 Weathermen CHICAGO (UPI) -A federal grand jury indicted 12 members of the revolutionary "Weatherman" faction of Students for a Democratic Society Thursday on charges of conspiring to incite the "days of wrath" riots that erupted in Chicago last October. By the luck of the draw, the case was assigned to U. S. District Court Judge Julius J Hoffman, who presided over the tumultuous and controversial trial of seven men who were charged with conspiring to incite riots during the 1968 Democratic National Convention. ATTORNEY GENERAL John N. Mitchell in Washington and U. S. Attorney Thomas A. Foran in Chicago announced that the 15-count indictment was returned in U. S. district court here. The 12 Weathermen were charged with one count of conspiracy in interstate travel and with at least one count each of violation of the 1968 antiriot act. In the riots last Oct. 8-11, crowds of young radicals rampaged through the streets of the near north side and the Loop, smashing hundreds *of windows, clubbing and stoning passersby and automobiles and battling police who tried to corral them. ILLINOIS National Guardsmen were deployed in downtown Chicago after the climactic rampage Oct. 11 in which assistant Chicago Corporation Counsel Richard J. Elrod was beaten to the sidewalk and suffered a neck fracture which paralyzed him for months. Those 'indicted include Mark Rudd, 22, national secretary of JJDS and a leader of the Weatherman faction: Bernardine Dohm, 27, former interorganizational secretary of SDS; William Ayers, 25, educational secretary of SDS, and Jeffry Jones,. 22, inter-organizational secretary of SDt. KATHY BOUDIN, 26, who had been missing since a bomb factory explosion in a Greenwich Village apartment in New York City March 6, also was among those indicted. A list of 28 persons named as o-conspirators but not indicted included two of the three persons killed in the New York"bomb factory" explosion. Radio Center To Feature A Half Hour Soul Show Gainesville soul music. fans will be able to "hear their thing" Friday nights on WRUF beginning today, according to Bill Ransom, who will host a half hour program. "The show, Soul O'Tempora, will be slices of contemporary music-from black vocalists."aid Ransom. "Top 40 hits of old and new jazz, spirituals, folk and popular music wil be featured. Occasionally we will give local groups a chance to air their conpositions,".he said. The show resulted from the heavy response to a presentation of soul music, on the "'Music I like" series and Radio Center decided to make the show part of their spring programming. Ransom said he hopes the show will eventualy be expanded to an hour if the resPbnsewarrants it7. It begin tonight at 7. Today I An international art exhibit featuring a cultural representative from the Soviet Embassy-. I A children's marionette performance. 0 A student art show and sale. I A concert by the Paul Winter Consort. I A two-day film festival including works by amateur film artists from throughout the state. I A week of concerts by the Boston Symphony and Chamber Players, who will be playing alongside UF students. I A black dance group, the Talking Drums of Africa. $ The Florida Players' performance of the comedy "Teves'Carnival." I A statewide arts and crafts fair done in renaissance tradition and dubbed "Waysgoose." I An all-day pop concert featuring groups from the contemporary musical field, sponsored by Student Government Productions (SGP). --Mod ENGINEER CHEESE CAKE Three lovely finalistiof the Engineering Fair are final contest is to be held April 11 at the Holiday Debby Dalton, Cindy Seago and Pan Turner. The Inn and is open to the public.' Blacks Criticize Liberal Mayor ATLANTA (UPI) -Liberal Sam Massell took office as Atlanta's -first -Jewishmayor three months ago, thanks to a strong coalition of black and labor votes. Today, anmy of his supporters are yeling for his scalp. In the past few days, angered demonstrators have paraded in front of City Hall shouting, "To hell with Massell." A union official has blurted, "We put you in that chair and we can take you out." Another labor leader, in a televised exchange, has accused the mayor of being "a lItle nun who suddenly got power and can't handle it." The dispute, heating up by the Unfute and often bearing racial sad etbic overtons, is the o strike by the city's 

PAGE 5

NEW MEMBERS SOUGHT Faculty Club Plans Growth The UF Faculty Club has begun a membership drive in the hope of attracting enough new members to permit financing a renovation of the existing faculty clubhouse. The Faculty Club has sent explanations of the cost and function of the proposed clubhouse and membership forms to all faculty and staff members, Frank Klement, Faculty Club president, said Tuesday. THE CLUB also plans to send representatives to various college faculty meetings to explain the clubhouse plans and answer questions. According to estimates, Faculty Club membership must reach at least -831 to make the renovation economically possible. Present membership is about 400. Klement said he was very optimistic the drive would increase the club's membership to the necessary amount. NEVERTHELESS, "if we want this clubhouse we still will have to completely revise our membership and dues' structure," he added. These revisions entail the establishment of an initiation fee and monthly dues and the opening of membership to alumni and local business and professional people. Klement felt the inclusion of non-academic people was desirable because it aids "cross-fertilization of ideas and interaction between the university and the community." HE CAUTIONED, however, that membership to off campus people will be "selective and limited so that at no time will they be the majority and in a position to run the club." The proposed clubhouse will occupy the second story of the University Golf Club building. The capital outlay budget has been set at $121,000. Klement noted three major advantages the new clubhouse will hold for members: 0 It will have kitchen facilities, making possible luncheons, dinners, dinner dances and private meetings; 0 It will have bar service, allowing cocktails and drinks to be served in the bar, dining room or lounge; 0 It will have a recreation room with TV, movie projectors, reading chairs and chess sets. KLEMENT also pointed out the clubhouse will provide a place for the faculty to meet each other and congregate -away from the students. "Every other facility on this campus is integrated between the students and the faculty," he said. If the April-May membership drive is successful, Klement said the faculty clubhouse could be opened by next September. Mo ~ 7/Q#e e/4te We've got a little solution that's big enough to handle it. MY OWN. Hygienic Deodorant Spray for the outer vaginal area .refreshing. gentle. Also in a cleansing towelette. flarida q arter4o We only did it for you. Ever since you were a tiny girl, you've dreamed ofaJune wedding. The Summer issue of MODERN BRIDE makes your dream come Perfectly true. At Your newvsstanld now! ___ 

PAGE 6

MAY END 'SICKOUT' Agreement Reached By PATCO And Court WASHINGTON (UPI) -The government and the air traffic controllers Thursday worked out an agreement with a federal judge that they hoped would end the nine-day "sickout" that has -tangled the nation's air traffic. After meeting with government and leaders of the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization (PATCO) for several hours in his chambers,, U. S. District Judge George L. Hart said all parties had agreed to a series of steps to get the controllers back on the job. ONE OF THE conditions was dismissal of the contempt of court charge hanging over the head of PATCO officials, including lawyer F. Lee Bailey, its executive director. Under terms of the agreement, PATCO officials were supposed to recommend that controllers who have been reporting in sick go back to work. Hart met privately with attorneys for both sides after recessing a contempt of court Medina Charged In Massacre WASHINGTON (UPI) -The Army Wednesday charged Capt. Ernest L. Media with causing the murder of "not less -than 175" South Vietnamese civilians at the alleged My Lai massacre. Medina again denied any knowledge of a massacre. "I am a professional soldier, loyal to my country, and I have nothing to hide," he said. BUT MEDINA, who appeared at an Atlanta television station to read a statement, said he was informed at Ft. Being, near Columbus, Ga., Wednesday morning that 'as commanding officer I had caused the deaths of an undetermined number of South Vietnamese civilians numbered not less than 175." Medina reiterated 'I did not order a massacre and I did not see a massacre at any time. I will rely on the truth to prove my Innocence." I hope the American public will reserve its judgment until the true facts are established ina mourt of law." -0 liwZing PLEASURE: l*o' hearing and warning that he might now be able to end the "sickout" with a legal ruling. THE HEARING was based on a court injuction which the government obtained to halt the slowdown -described by the Federal Aviation Administration as an illegal strike. Bailey was accused along with James Hayes and Mike Rock, two PATCO officials, of encouraging continuation of the walkout despite the injunction. Hart quashed subpoenas for G;oldber Party Ba LIBERTY, N.Y. (UPI) Former Supreme Court Justice Arthur Goldberg won the Democratic state convention's endorsement for governor Wednesday but turned it down three hours later, saying he wanted to run in the primary on an "equal footing" with other contenders. Before the nomination, black and Puerto Rican delegates walked out to protest Goldberg's failure to name Negro state Sen. Basil -A. Paterson as his running mate for lieutenant governor. BUT THEY returned in time for the balloting when it was indicated Goldberg would pick Paterson. In making his surprise announcement turning down the formal endorsement, Goldberg said Paterson would be his running mate. "I think it is time for the Democratic party and the state of New York to have a black candidate,"Goldberg said. THE WINNER of the June 23 primary will run against Bailey for 90 air traffic controllers to appear at the hearing, saying it would create a safety hazard if they had to leave their posts to attend. Bailey said the ruling "destroys my case" and insisted none of the controllers involved would have been at work at the time. While PATCO leaders were pleading their case -in court, controllers continued their "sickout" and bad weather caused air travelers more woes. gNixes ecking three-term Republican Gov. Nelson A. Rockefeller. Goldberg, who has never sought elective office, also revealed that former Atty. Gen. Ransey Clark would serve as chairman of his campaign. Earlier in the day, more than 100 Negro and Puerto Rican delegates walked out when Goldberg, addressing the convention after all the other candidates, said, "Our party repudiates the contention that ethnic consideration determines our ticket." ENCOUNTER GROUPS FORMING NOW Interested undergraduates of both sexes not previously in a group send Name, Phone, Age, Sex, Class, Time Free to: Encounter Group Resewrch Project c/o Counseling Center, 311 Little or leave Name and Number with Jeffrey Huneur 392-1676 (day) 376-8540 (evening) PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLY HEADQUARTERS for all Art & Journalism Students 1232 W. Univ. 376-7657 CAMERA SHOPS Major Cities t By Truck Strike WASHINGTON (UPI) -Wildcat strikes by Teamster truck drivers spread to most areas of the nation Thursday. Only New York and New England appeared free of the walkouts. AN INDUSTRY spokesman called the strikes a "massive ting compared with a scattered strike situation last time." The nation's truckers staged a nationwide lockout in retaliation for "selective" strikes three years ago. The spokesman said at least for the moment, however, the industry had decided against the lockout tactic. There were scattered reports of back to work movements in some areas, including Kansas City, Minneapolis-St. Paul and Indianapolis, but new walkouts occurred in many other key terminals as negotiations continued in Washington for a new contract. A TRUCKERS spokesman said there had been more than 200 separate strikes in more than 35 cities. The number was growing. The strike was described as 100 per cent effective against truck lines in St .Louis. New strikes were reported against moto carriers in Los Angeles, Charlotte, Des Moines, several Colorado cities, and most major cities of the South including Atlanta. There was a general strike against trucking companies in all the major cities of Ohio. San Francisco and Milwaukee were also hit patchwork, circa 1970 A crazy quilt-like pattern of prints used in a way to make granny's eyes pop! Cole of California cuts up the polyester/cotton denim into a bikini, 8-14, $24. And a maxipatch skirt,10-14, $25. See our circa 1970 swimwear in Misses Sportswear. GAINESVILLE MALL 

PAGE 7

Friday, April 3,1970, The Florida Aliior, Pap 7 .yuf fIrm I ponted in the air. You should fly. As a TWA hostess. Because right now you probably feel you're getting your feet more firmly planted in the mud than in a career. Which won't happen when you fly for us. Because the first thing that goes kaput is the 9 to 5 routine. And after that goes the stick-around-inone-place drag. Since we fly all over the world, you'll have a chance to fly all over the world. Stopping off long enough, of course, to become well acquainted with the fantastic things and people that are indigenous to the fantastic places we fly. And to make sure you keep above it all the pay that goes along with all of the above is good pay. So stay on the ground long enough to come to Room 123 in the Union on April 9, between 1 and 6 p.m. You'll find there's no job on earth like it. bea TWA Hostess An equal opportunity employer It's like no job on earth D'o 

PAGE 8

Pa 8, The Florida Allga~r Friday, Apr13, 1970 The Florida Flo d Robert Fraser A alligator Editor-In-Chief The prce of freedom Earl Hartman John Sugg i the exercise of respongblUty. News Editors "There he is again" S hf California Swings Righ SAN DIEGO -The largest state in the union is still swinging sharply to the right. Item: To replace the late James B. Utt, congressional champion of the right and for many years a representative of California's conservative Orange County, his former constituents seem certain to elect John Birch Society member and State Senator John Schmitz. Item: In a suburban district of Los Angeles County, the same right-wing financiers who pay Ronald Reagan and Sam Yorty's campaign bills are financing a campaign against moderate GOP Rep. Alphonzo Bell. Bell is opposed in the Republican primary by John LaFollette, a member of the board of Technicolor Inc., the recently revealed continuing employers of Sen. George Murphy. "Right" in this state means Gov. Ronald Reagan, and Reagan is the only man in the Republican Party whom President Nixon has reason to fear. That is why -as California's Republican leaders see it -the President refused the pleas of his old friend Robert Finch to make a try for George Murphy's senate seat. It is the reason why the President maintains a San Clemente base -"the summer White House." It is the reason why he changed his voting registration to Orange County and made much fanfare about doing so. The President wants to appear in 1972 not only as the incumbent, but as California's favorite son at least he wants to have as much claim to that title as California's newly re-elected governor will have. As of now at least, there seems little doubt Ronald Reagan will have that honor. No longer does the governor appear to Californians as a conservative former movie star. In their eyes he is now just a conservative. They like him that way. So strong does Reagan now appear that Democrats, who once looked upon Jesse, Unruh as combining the unbeatable combination of the traditional liberalviewpoint and the practiced skills of a veteran politican, are now trying to turn their candidate into a Populist, something he has never been. The strategy springs from necessity. Reagan will run a television campaign; he is very good at it. Unruh cannot run a television campaign, partly Frank MOnkiewiczTom Braden .-because there isn't enough money. So Unruh will not use much television, use direct mail and ask how Reagan gets the million dollars he will spend on TV alone. There are other elements to the Populist strategy. "Who are Reagan's backers?" Unruh will ask, and name people who perform no useful service and pay little or nothing in taxes. "Why does the governor seek campus confrontations?" Unruh will ask, in hope that voters will ask themselves whether the reason they like Reagan so much is that they dislike the young. The question might -Democrats hope -expose Reagan as a man who profits from trouble rather than as a man who seeks solutions. The difficulty of this strategy, Democrats themselves admit, is that Unruh is not a Populist in the old "give-'em-hell" tradition. He is, rather, a skilled strategist, who has dealt unsuccessfully with every interest group in the state as he battled his way to the top in California's Legislature and in the Democratic Party. He is not a stump-speaker, but an in-fighter. It will be hard for him to change. So Reagan will be riding the conservative crest in 1970. He hopes to ride that crest in 1972 as the President's only challenger. It will be something in defense for Mr. Nixon to be a Californian, too. But if violence at home and disaster abroad give Reagan the momentum he hopes for, the President will have to demonstrate not only that he is a Californian, but a part of California's rightward trend. EDITORIAL Support Union Fraternities are rarely considered leaders in social change. John NfcLaughlin is an exception to this generalization. Through his fraternity's cook he learned of the poor working conditions and low pay too often the plight of the campus non-academic worker. McLaughlin decided to do something about it. The result is an effort to unionize the UF's non-academic workers into the AFL/CIO. The Interfraternity Council (IFC) is another exception to the stereotyped fraternity model. Since McLaughlin's discovery, the IFC has retained a local attorney to represent its wayward fraternities in negotiations with their disgruntled employes. Fraternities deal separately with their employes. Some have fair wages and fringe benefits, some do not. The IFC's willingness to negotiate evidences their laudable social concern. But the issue is by no means a settled one. Organizing McLaughlin's estimated 5,500 workers will not be easy. Florida is a "right-to-work" state, in which the "union" or "closed shop" is forbidden. Subsequently, I unionization is not as easy as it is in states such as New York, where the closed shop is legal. In addition, certain charges of harassment by UF officials have been made. We have not investigated them and cannot vouch for their authenticity, but if they are true, they would be an ugly blemish on the UF and the state of Florida. All non-academic campus workers have the right to negotiate, exactly as guaranteed by the Wagner Act and subsequent legislation. All attempts to discourage the workers' right to organize and !-&gotiate -whether it be by intimidation, arbitrary dismissals or other methods -are forbidden. Any violation is adequate to call in the National Labor Relations Board to oversee whichever process is in action. We were heartened, then, to hear of President Stephen C. O'Connell's willingness to sit down with campus workers and negotiate. In light of the UF's budget problems, his position is fair as well as in compliance with the law. We can see little reason why a cook should work 64 hours for $61.57 in a sorority house -and yet this situation has been claimed to exist. So we will be interested in seeing if the UF follows the IFC's example. L Black Perceptions I [No Black WeekI By Mitchell Dasher Unfortunately for UF students, there are grave racial tensions mounting. It is indeed most unfortunate because the students are the innocent victims. Almost to a man or woman, UF's administrators in Tigert have built their political and academic careers on a fallacious racial doctrine and an extraordinary petty ambition. Right this moment, there exist an ever increasing gap between the political desires of the administration and the realistic needs of the students -black or white. Kindly consider this. Last fall, the Black Student Union (BSU) proposed to offer UF a Black Week of political discussion, films and entertainment. The total cost was estimated at approximately $6,000. One who is familiar with contracting a national speaker (usually priced upwards of $1,000) and obtaining the employ of a major entertainment attraction (Areatha Franklin, $20,000 nightly or Jimmy Hendrix, $20,000 nightly) can readily perceive the modesty of our initial proposal. MOREOVER, Black Week is recognized and funded by state and private colleges of this state, also throughout the U.S.A. When UF was audited by HEW last fall, the honorable Lester Hale informed the auditors that UF's administration would underwrite the total cost for Black Week. HEW, understandably, was impressed. Last week, two weeks before the scheduled presentation, the honorable Stephen O'Connell informed is that he denied our request. His reason, no money. INITIALLY, we were asked by the administration to secure the approval of Charles Shepherd for Black Week. Although we failed to comprehend the logic of the request, we secured his approval. From an enlightened Student Senate, we not only secured their approval, it was accompanied with $2,000. TO THE WHITE UF students, this, in miniature, is an exacting portrait of "the system," "chain of command" and "established channels." We had planned to offer you a first hand verbal exchange with either Muhammed Ali or Mrs. Malcolm X. Then there was the Dr. King film which premiered last week $5.00 a head all across the Mother Country.We were offering it free of charge. Also, we were offering a free concert featuring the Delfonics or the Impressions. At every conceivable view, I feel this is a loss for all UF -tstdents. A lligator Staff Published by students of the University o Florida under the auspices ol the Board of Neal Sanders Craig Goldwyn Student Publications. Assignment Editor Sports EdiLor Editorial, Business, Advertising offices in Student Publications Suite, third floor, Reitz Union. Fred Vollrath Editorial: phone 392-1686, 87, 88, or 89. Wire Editor 'Business, Advertising: phone 392-1681, 82, 83, or 84. Circulation: 392-1619. Opinions expressed in the Florida Alligator are those of Dan Vining Jeff Baln the editors or of the writer of the article, and not those Entertainment Editor Editorial Assistant pf the University of Florida. 

PAGE 9

The Famous Trial Of '86 MR. EDITOR: Thousands of workers in Chicago, led mainly by the American Federation of Labor (AFL), went on strike for a shorter workday. A few anarchist-dominated unions joined the movement. When police started harassing the strikers, some unknown person threw a bomb that killed seven policemen and injured 67 others. Police started firing into the crowd, killing several persons. The business community and concerned conservative Americans throughout the nation demanded a victim (scapegoat) or victims, to be used as an example. Chicago officials arbitrarily arrested eight persons connected with the union, and charged them with the murder of the policemen on the grounds that they had incited the person who threw the bomb. One of the "Chicago Eight" was sentenced to prison and seven to death. This trial is recorded as one of the most injudicious in the records of American juridicial history. This "trial" could very well have taken place in May of 1969. But it happened in May of 1886. One would think that America's fine and fair judiciary system would have improved just a little in 84 years, Well, at least only seven victims were railroaded in Chicago this time, instead of eight. I suppose that is some improvement. I wonder who the presidingjudge in the "Chicago Eight" "trial" was? Maybe it was Hoffman the First. Considering the "Chicago Eight" incident of 1886, and Mayor Daley and Julie Hoffman of 1970, one must suspect that Chicago is a breeding ground for vermin. RICHARD M. ANDERSON, 3JM A IL -rf e8t Code's Plight MR. EDITOR: I feel the need to write a letter in answer to the staff member of the Alligator who wrote the story about Dr. Cade's "plight," and Mr. O'Neil's response to that story,I really feel that no dangerous precent has been set. On the contrary, Dr. Cade would have been fired by the administration of the university or The Board of Regents immediately when it was discovered what he had done. The reason for my saying this is that I understand a little about the funding of a university by grants. Grants from private individuals and corporations contribute a sizeable amount to the university. One reason why they are given is to give the donor a tax advantage. If a donation to a university for research is made and the donor claims this in his income or corporate tax in order to write it off, the research must be non-profit research. Many of the graduate students (those on research assistantships could not go to school without increased hardship if they had to pay taxes on their stipend. They do have to write a letter accompanying their tax statement to the effect that they were doing non-profit research to get a waiver of taxes on this income. The other reason for the donation of grants to schools for research is more morally motivated than taxes. The individual or corporation wishes to benefit mankind somehow. An example of this kind is the Kelloge grants to medical schools. This type of grant to schools could be dried up if the donors thought that the doctors at the schools were just interested in making money from the research that they were conducting. As to Mr. James' book being the property of the university he works for, or books by any professor for that matter; this is an entirely different story. Very often a professor who writes books is given a reduced teaching or research load by the university or college that he works for. He is paid the same amount as if he was doing full-time work in research or teaching assignments. ROBERT E. TREBILCOCK, 7AG Friday, Apr1l3, 1970,1The Florida AMigsr, Page 9 OPEN FORUM: "110 ho e for the com lacenl MR. EDITOR: Can you imagine? Being one of four Black children Trapped inside a school bus? Surrounded Encircled by a mob of 150 people? People? Do people throw bricks, swing axe-handles, or Carry weapons with intent to kill? maim? injure? Do people have to be rescued from people By 39 state troopers at gunpoint? Are people people? Are Black children people? Are White Southerners people? Can you imagine looking fearfully out the Window next to your seat and seeing all those Angry, shouting faces And have that window shatter into your Face and eyes? Who are we anyway? PHILLIP OZELL,2UC Campus Cops MR. EDITOR: I have been walking past the Engineering Building to class for the past couple quarters and have noticed that it takes two Campus Cops to hold down that little booth and control traffic. I noticed that when the weather is cold that it gets a little crowded for both of them to stand in that thing. What I want to know is if this is common practice at the other stations and if so why? It seems as if they could cut the size of the police force in half if they would dare placing a man by himself at these strategic stations. F. W. WILLIAMS, 7AG YSA Demands Right There are a few remarks that need to be made about the Young Socialist Alliance recognition battle. I am addressing these remarks to the university in general but I hope the administration can descend from its pinnacle and answer my comments, even though the existence of YSA isn't acknowledged by O'Connell, Hale and Co. To begin with, YSA has been denied any semblance of "due process." Tigert bureaucrats went falling over themselves asking D. Burke Kibler (The Man) what to do, before any application of YSA's was accepted. In the meantime, YSA's attempts to file its application were continually frustrated. (Incidentally, in its latest move, Tigert has passed a new policy prohibiting groups denied recognition -although, technically, since YSA never applied, it couldn't be denied -the right to meet on campus under the sponsorship of recognized organizations.) WHAT DOES this mean? Well, first of all, the elaborate channels established by the administration have been completely ignored. Hence, YSA has LETTERS POLICY Letters must: 0 Be typed, signed, doubie-paced and not exceed 300 words. 0 Not be signed with a pseudonym. Have addressee and telephone numbers of writers. Names will be withheld only if writer shows just oeuse. The editor reserves the right to edit all letters for space. Writers may submit longer essays, columns or letters to be considered for use a "Speaking Out' columns. Any writer interested in submitting a regular column is asked to contact the editor and be pIpead to show samples of his work. been denied its chance to present its case before any committee or body of its peers, students, faculty and staff of UF. Moreover, Kibler made his decision on no information supplied by YSA -it was not allowed to file this information. (I JUST found out today where Tigert gets -its information and, presumably, Kibler's also -FBI documents. They also had some 10 year old documents of YSA, which is alright, but YSA has published countless -books, -pamphlets, newspapers and other literature since 1960.) YSA is -certainly a revolutionary organization. What does it mean by that? YSAers, as Marxists, define revolution as a change of property relations from private ownership of the productive resources to democratically, socially controlled production. Revolution is not synonymous with insurrection. Got that? ON THE other hand, socialists do not believe the ruling class will allow a peaceful transformation of society. The 30,000 people who, broadly speaking, constitute our ruling class have a lot to lose. The 199,970,000 of the rest of us have lot to gain -democratic control of the institutions that affect our lives. HENCE YSA defends the right of self-defense. YSA opposes the attempt of any minority to attempt a putsch, a minority seizure of power. It believes the majority of American people can be won to socialist ideas and that -socialist ideas will be effected as a-result of this acceptance of a revolutionary socialist program. Moreover, YSA opposes acts of terrorism because these serve to alienate masses from socialist ideas and-tt-reInforceruling-class lies about who perpetrates violence. (IN CASE you wonder where violence comes from, consider the VietnamIndochinan-war, the armed occupation of the ghetto, the abyssmal conditions of the ghetto and poor people, the oft-brutal suppression of labor, the extensive repression of dissidents, etc.; then consider who perpetrates .these acts and who ultimately benefits from them.) YSA seeks to operate as an open, legal organization. YSA demands the right to an open and fair hearing and a chance to defend itself and its position and it protests the denial of its constitutional rights. The people of the United States have, through mass struggles, won many democratic rights. The ruling class -has sought to erode these to maintain finmer control over its power. YSA FIGHTS to maintain and, where possible, to broaden these rights and this is why we carry this fight to the campus. We uncompromisingly stand for the the small society s By John Sugg fullest expression of democracy (let us not forget, that YSA and its co-thinkers are as much hated by the Soviet and Chinese bureaucracies as by the imperialists). I would like to close with a quote from an editorial in the Minneapolis Star (Minneapolis' daily paper) following the YSA national convention held at the University of Minnesota. ". ..the regrettable thing about the Young Socialist convention was that few students were on campus during the holidays to witness (it). Because the Young Socialists; although far from having all the answers, -are confronting more squarely than any other political group the source of so much distress in America: the contrast of private prosperity to public penury. ". ..neither the Young Socialists. nor the Socialist Workers Party they support favors violent overthrow of the government .But they are realistic enough to recognize that economic struggle may precipitate violence -which they forsee as resistance of the 'ruling class.' by Brickman ___I KThe Movement L FIE E" r To)1&E AV P-6ETS OP I/W TF-6,NYOLic I -HTN YOd / ALL WZO6! --J --'i~ R 

PAGE 10

wounded in action last week, the lowest death toll since the week ended Jan. 31 when 70 U. S. servicemen were reported slain. Spokesmen attributed the lower casualty rate to a sharp decline in "enemy activity" as North Vietnamese and Viet Cong troops were apparently preparing for the attacks launched this week. Unified War and Viet Cong forces more than 8W kiUed, according to U. S. spokesmen. More than 200 South Vietnamese soldiers were reported killed and at least 600 wounded. "WITH THEIR supply problems, they just aren't capable of a lengthy campaign," one senior U. S. officer said. US. headquarters reported 65 shelling attacks by Viet sacred ins Commu U. S. and North Vie northeast FOURj were wo Vietnames Mystery Shrouds Lost Kennedy Notes BOSTON (UPI) -An element of mystery sisrouds the whereabouts of the court stenographers' notes containing theK testimony of Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and other witnesses at the secret inquest into the death of Mary Jo Kopechne, and whether the notes have been properly impounded. UPI learned Thursday the notes have not been impounded at Suffolk Superior Court here where the 764-page transcript and the report of Edgartown District Court Judge James A. Boyle were sent on order of the Massachusetts Supreme Court. ALL OF THE inquest documents were to have been impounded Feb. 18 when Judge Boyle filed his report. If the stenographers' original notes, from which other copies of the transcript could be made, cannot be found, or if they have not been impounded as directed, it could have a far reaching effect on the inquest and on the grand jury investigation of the case which begins Monday in Edgartown. SUPERIOR COURT Clerk Edward V. Keating told UPI he has not received the notes from Judge Boyle. "All I received was the report, the transcript of evidence and the exhibits physical things." A reliable source said the stenographers' notes were turned over to Thomas E. Teller, clerk of the district court in Edgartown where the inquest was held, at the end of each day of testimony. The inquest ended Jan. 8. TELLER, WHEN asked if he had the notes in his possession, said: "That's a.matter I cannot discuss. I will say nothing about the stenographers' -notes. The judge Boyle is saying 'no comment' too." Mrs. -Sophia Campos, clerk of the Superior Court in Edgartown where the impounded inquest documents resided before their transfer to Boston, said the stenographers' notes were never turned over to her. She said she had no knowledge of their wherabouts. THE STENOGRAPHERS, Harold T. McNeil and Sidney R. Lipman, both of Boston, have tried to find out where their notes are but have been rebuffed, it was reliably reported. The stenographic notes, which resemple adding machine tape, are punched on a small keyboard machine which prints symbols for letters on a piece of tape. From these -notes, the typed %k transcript is prepared. Assistant Attorney General John J. Irwin, who heads thek state criminal affairs division, said "An effective impounding order would include the original notes."X HE ADDED THAT if a stenographer were called to testify as to the accuracy of what he transcribed in the court case,-he could testify only from his original notes and not from the transcript. Therefore, if the Kopechne inquest notes cannot be located, the transcript will be allowed in any subsequent criminal proceeding only as "secondary evidence," Irwin said. LIGHT SHOW BY CELEBRATION FIRST UNION DANCE -tonight from 9:00 -1:00 a.m. In the Union Ballroom. Admission is 25 cents and a U. of F. I.D. is needed. Sponsored by J. Wayne Reitz Union. tructions o Ho Chil sMinu. niques issued in Saigon Thursday afternoon said South Vietnamese -troops killed at least 116 tnamese and Viet Cong in three fights 135 miles of Saigon and near the central coast. AMERICANS were killed in the actions and 45 funded, military spokesmen said. South se losses-were described only as "light." Reds Urge PARIS (UPI) -The North THE S1 Vietnamese and Viet Cong Indochines negotiators at the Paris peace allowed talks called today on the peoples affairs of Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam interferenc to unite against what they call The American "aggressive designs.". previous I for imm After today's session, the Viet withdrawal Cong read a prepared statement Norodom in response to the French appeal Indochina for a general conference on entire Ind( STATEMENT said the e people must be to settle their own "without foreign e." statement repeated Communist .-demands ediate U. S. troop I and backed Prince Sihanouk, who was to neutralize the china area. ousted as head of state of Cambodia. Saigon Ambassador Pham Dang Lam said Hanoi's actions in intervening in both Laos and Cambodia had only made more difficult the search for peace in Vietnam and that Communist declarations of "solidarity" with the peoples of Indochina were propaganda statements to cover up intervention. Visit with the Colonel ,,slooOFF,,. any regular priced barrel or 'bucket. Regular price. Barrel $5.50 -Bucket $4.15 Good for one dollar off on a bucket or barrel at any participating Kentucky Fried Ch i cken store. ONLY ONE COUPON Offer expires Apr5 PER CUSTOMER rNosubstitutions. Colonel Sanders' Kentucky Fried Chicken is downright easy to enjoy.It's "finger lickin'good." Made with the Colonel's secret % recipe of 11 herbs and spices. And it's downright easy to buy with this Kentucky Buck. Just clip and take to your Kentucky Fried Chicken store for a dollar off on a bucket or barrel. COLONEL SANDERS' RECIPE Katcko Fried Ckicke 214 N.W. 13th ST. 114 S.W. 34th ST. ju S whi 350 Frid B and T "m .p.1e 10, The Fbh APsw, fthA *M %-. AT LEAST 65 AMERICANS KILLED B' -Ccmmisfft veff i"SbIding 2r six Americans were reported wounded Wednesday AIGON (UPI) -A three-day Communist offensive Cong and North Vietnamese gunners in the 24 our Se Ame is groundfire shot down three U. S. Army ch killed at least 65 Americans and wounded nearly period ending at 8 a.m. Thursday compared with 130 when Commutn t appears to be subsiding, U. S.headquarters said early during the previous day. -helicopters. ay. A VIET CONG broadcast monitored in Saigon The choppers were hit 67 miles northwest of Saigon, ut the Viet Cong warned of "even stronger offensives Thursday night said Communist forces would continue uprisings.". their current campaign with "even stornger offensives and Saigon. he sudden increase in fighting cost North Vietnamese uprisings to drive the Americans away.and carry out the In its weekly casualty report, the U. S. Command said -----Thrsaytht 9 mercas er klld nd51 

PAGE 11

WASHINGTON (UPI) -Sen. Barry M. Goldwater Thursday accused opponents of Supreme Court nominee G. Harrold Carswell and the press of engaging in "neo-McCarthyism" by ignoring testimonials to Carswell's fairness as a judge. "The entire movement against Judge Carswell is founded on a persistent pattern of falsehood, emotional snap reactions and gripes by disgruntled lawyers," the white-haired Arizona Republican said in a speech prepared for senate delivery. THE ANTI-CARSWELL forces picked up the vote of Sen. Joseph M. Montoya, D-N.M., diminishing to 14 the number of senators who have not taken a stand on the effort to doom the nomination by sending PRAGUE (UPI) The suspension of the party membership of former reformist leader Alexander Dubcek started off a wave of protest resignations from the Communist party, diplomatic sources said Wednesday. They said many workers of the Prague CKD heavy industry enterprise and of other factories voluntarily handed back their party cards in the last 10 days after it was learned that Dubcek's party membership had been suspended. The sources said after the resignations in many CKD workshops not a single worker remained a communist party member. Saigon -U. S. armed forces and South Vietnamese a infantrymen, counterattacking against the strongest Communist offensive since last August, have killed 116 Communist soldiers in battles near the central coast, military spokesman reported. SEOUL, hijackers of a Japanese airliner agreed Thursday to free 100 hostages held aboard the plane since Tuesday at Seoul airport in exchange for a high-ranking Japanese official who said he would go with them to North Korea. are you getting the most from your present wetting solution? TRY at our expense and FEEL THE DIFFERENCE! MI-CON LABORATORIES, INC. I 520 Bonner Road s6 I Wauconda, Illinois 60084 I NAME I I I ADDRESS STATE ZIP J it back to the Senate Judiciary Committee on Monday. A UPI check showed 40 senators committed to vote to resubmit the nomination, 42 opposed, four likely to be absent and the balance held by eight uncommitted Democrats and six uncommitted Republicans. TWO PROMINENT Democrats -Mike Mansfield, Mont., and George S. McGovern, S.D. -took issue with President Nixon's assertion that his "traditional constitutional" right to name his own choices to the court would be jeopardized by rejection of Carswell. Since the days of the founding fathers, Mansfield told reporters, "it has been for Di)lou 'e one le drac ts d11ow all It's an old story, so you should know it by now It's about a dragon that ate the people in the country where it lived. The more people the dragon ate the bigger he became, and the bigger he grew the more people he ate. Finally the dragon grew so big that he devoured every last person to be found. With his food supplI completely exhausted the dragon got hungrier eac day, until one moving he awoke so ravenouslV hungry he swallowed his till The next day he swallowed his foot, then his hands and so on, unti the end of the week when the dragon had succeeded in completely devouring himself. Although merely a fable, the preceding tale ha many lessons for us to learn. This becomes painful) apparent when we consider our Studen Government as a huge bureaucratic dragon devouring students one-by-one. As the dragon In thi fable, our dragon-Student Government will continu to grow until it succeeds in swallowing each one o us and itself in the process. This realization provides us with a pretty bleal picture of the future if there are no othe alternatives. But, as is usually the case with life there are alternatives and we can do something t prevent us from being swallowed up. Our alternative is to institute a change in ou Student Government and our method for bringin about this change is at the polls on the next Studen Govemment election day. Presented and Paid forb Do0 it!FParty Paid Political Adverthmarent the President to propose and the senate to dispose." Mansfield is uncommitted on the issue but is expected to vote to recommit the nomination. "Nobody," said McGovern, forced Nixon "to choose a nominee who at the mature age of 28 made a racist speech that even the nominee now says is 'obnoxious' to him in retrospect. "NOBODY FORCED the President to nominate Judge G. Harrold Carswell. And the senate has no obligation to approve Judge Carswell in opposition to its own best judgment." Goldwater said the liberals "bandied about" the idea "that most of Judge Carswell's casesare reversed" on appeal. Paid Political Advertisement WA 10 Actually, he contended, "the uproar is based on a claim of 10 reversals. Ten cases out of 4,500 cases-decided by a man." BUF MONTOYA, citing statistics as the basis-of his opposition, said: "One study indicates that 122 of his (Carswell's) district court decisions were appealed. Of the first 30, 25 per cent were reversed. Of the second 30 verdicts, 33 per cent were reversed. Of the next 31 appealed decisions, 48 per cent were reversed. Of the last 31 appealed decisions, 53 per cent were reversed by higher courts. Such a record does not inspire optimistic predictions for a career by Judge Carswell on the highest bench ..." hear about Ionthci t ed3Bur P! e nV "Whati" you exclaim, "at the polls?How absurdI There hasn't been a candidate who could help Student Government since the University was h established." y "True," say I, "but now there is somebody who a can do something, and more important, will do 1 something." d "Poppycock," you counter, "every candidate I've ever seen or heard of is a. put-up by the 'bloc-vote establishment.' y In the past this was true, even now this is true. it Except for one person and one party. Alan Howes, n the Student Body Presidential Candidate for "Do e itl" Party is not a put-up. He's not obligated to any a "bloc-vote establishment" and he's not forced to if continue feeding "the dragon." Alan Howes is obligated to one person. You. And k he's ready to serve you, not the dragon. r There's one thing you notice right away about 1, Alan. He's not the kind of candidate that likes to 0 talk about what he "hopes" to do or what he "feels" would be best. Alan Howes is the candidate ir that is ready to do it. To change things so they'll g work again for me and for you. it Action, deeds and Alan Howes. The alternative to "the dragon." CHARGES SENATOR GOLDWATER 'Neo-McCarthyirsm TetikOf -CarsweI foes 

PAGE 12

Pug 12,1The Flrida Ailpior, Fridiay, Ap* 3,1070 Extra Sieinole'W Heen Ordered YOU MAY RESERVE ONE ONLY DURING THE NEXT TWO WEEKS! MAY BE PURCHASED AT THE SERVICE BOOTH APR 6-17 Please reserve copies of the 1970 Seminole DURING THE I have enclosed $ W E E K O R M A IL IN Name[_ _ _ _ _ _ Student Number H A N DYf FO RMYou will be notified in the Alligator when the MUST BE POSTMARKED Rm. 330, JWRU. NO LATER THAN MONDAY APRIL 13 DANCE Krishna Light Co. with Pomr Union Ballroom April 3 9:00 PM 25cents Students only FOLK.FEST Plaza of the AmericasApril 3 Noon -4:00 PM LIGHT SHOW IN CONCERT Krishna Light Co. with Power University Auditorium Apr1 48:00 PM Students 25cents Others 50cents SON OF-MAN a faculty play University Auditorium April 3 8:15 PM Admission Free TZO4 70 A FESTIVAL OF THE ARTS I 

PAGE 13

'TO SAVE NEIGHBORHOOD SCHOOLS' Bafalis Launches AntBuing Program FridaA rl 1970The i P 13 WASHINGTON (UPI) -A Republican candidate for governor of Florida publicly launched Thursday a nationwide campaign to ''save" neighborhood schools by o utlawing force-busing to achieve racial balance. State Sen. Louis Arthur "Skip" Bafalis, opposing Florida Gov. Claude Kirk in a Republican primary race, said he has lined up antibusing organizations in 26 states in 10 weeks of behind-scenes work. BAFALIS' organization, called the "National Committee to Save Neighborhood Schools," is seeking adoption of a constitutional amendment which reads: "The right of citizens to attend the public schools of their choice shall not be abridged or denied by the United States or by any state on account of race, color, religion or national origin." "This movement is not a Southern movement," Bafalis said at a news conference. "We have found throughout the nation that there is a great concern ..."Feeling among blacks is strong too." BAFALIS, A Bostonian who moved to Florida in 1955, said he never approved forced racial separation of schools. "America having purged its Sen. McGhee Says Postal Crisis Over, Union Settles For 12 Per Cent Pay Hike WASHINGTON (UPI) Chairman Gale M cGee, D-Wyo., of the Senate Post Office Committee said Thursday agreement appeared "imminent" between administration and union negotiators seeking to end a postal pay dispute that touched off the nation's first mailmen's strike two weeks ago. McGee spoke inan interview Georgia Water Industry For Po ATLANTA (UPI) -The State Water Quality Control Board Thursday called for legal action against ITT Rayonier, Inc., of Judge Gags Protesting Defendant PHILADELPHIA (UPI) Judge Leo Weinrott, facing continual shouts of "go to hell" from a defendant silenced him by ordering him gagged. THE JUDGE acted 24 hours after the U. S. Supreme Court ruled such action permissible to save the decorum of the courts. Two deputy sheriffs wrapped bandages about the mouth of George Kenney, 21, charged in the fatal shooting of a state liquor store clerk during a $200 holdup last May. as negotiators for seven postal unions considered the g o ve r n m e n t 's I a t e s t counter-proposal after discussing it with AFL-CIO President George Meany Thursday morning. FOLLOWING THAT discussion, President James H. Rademacher of the National Association of Letter Carriers Board Sues Dilution Jesup for polluting the Altamaha River. R. S. "Rock" Howard Jr., executive secretary of the board told the group that the corporation had failed to meet a March 1 deadline to complete its waste-treatment facilities. "AS A RESULT we still have fish kills on the Altamahabelow Jesup and we find this intolerable," Howard told the board. "We must take the position that Rayonier either meet the requirements to protect the stream or close down its operation." Howard said the company's plant is discharging only partially treated toxic chemical waste. into the river which depletes the level of stream oxygen required for aquatic life. He told the board that he had requested the state attorney general to take legal action in the case. told reporters, "I think everything will be settled this afternoon." McGee, who has been keeping in close touch with the closed negotiations, said, "There's a real good chance they can lock it up today." The negotiators are trying to agree on a wage increase -plan upon which Congress could base a pay increase billfor all federal workers and perhaps a special one for postal"workers. McGEE SAID Thursday the agreement would include a 6 per cent raise for all federal employes retroactive to Jan. 1 and a second 6 per cent increase for postal workers effective July 1, or spaced in two or more PAr yawi afisening PLEASURE Iom/jI steps beginning July 1. The second-phase raise, McGee said, would be linked with union support of '. m e a n i n g f u I p o s t a I reorganization," but not necessarily the plan to turn the Post Office into a nonprofit government corporation. THE POSTAL UNIONS initially asked for a 12 per cent raise retroactive to Oct.1 "and McGee said Thursday the unions were still trying to make some of the raises retroactive to that date. McGee also, said non-postal workers might also get a second-round increase, but probably not effective until Oct. 1 or Jan. 1. soul of an older racism will not allow the rise of a newer racism," he said in a prepared news release. Bafalis said he is moving in two different directions at the same time -asking Congress to launch a constitutional amendment and asking the various state legislators to do so. HE DESCRIBED himself as one of the most conservative members of the Florida legislature since 1964. He hoped the anitbusing work will help his campaign but denied that was his chief aim. Bafalis had this to say about Kirk's various moves on behalf of preserving neighborhood schools: "I DON'T think Gov. Kirk has made any positive effort at all. I think he grandstanded. He has stood in the courthouse door. He has shaken his fist at the courts." Bafalis referred indirectly to the fact that Kirk at one point advised officials of several school districts to refuse to obey a court order calling for immediate massive busing. "I would never tell people not to obey the law," Bafalis said. CHERRY'S DRESS SHOP FEATURES JUNIOR AND PETITE SIZES FROM THESE FAMOUS NAME BRANDS PETITES PETITE PHILIPPE COUNTRY PETITES LION TREE JUDY GIBBS DOWNTOWN 7 WEST UNIVERSITY 2 LOCATIONS JUNIORS MINX MODES MARIE PHILLIPS CAROL KING COUNTRY JRS. GAINESVILLE MALL "TAKE A LOOK AROUND" LOOK AT SOUTHEAST ASIA* 0 0 Every one of us has a moral obligation to face this great national issue LOOK AT OUR POLLUTED ENVIRONMENT ...Wemustprotect the air we breathe and the water we drink LOOK AT THE BUREAUCRACY ..Let's cut the red tape in Tigert and Tallahassee LOOK AT YOUR EDUCATION ..Onthiscampus.needweay-more LOOK AT FINANCIAL AID 0 ..Student monies should be spent on loans and not on a Shepherdmonument at Wauberg A NEW TIME IS COMING FOCUS ON STEVE UILFELDER PAID FOR BY STUDENT COMMITTEE TO ELECT STEVE UHLFELDER I I eqp 

PAGE 14

Page 14, The FlorIda AMlgear, Friday, April 3,1970 IP40IRSA LLE A FREE GUITAR LESSON Phone 3723225 or come by 1826 W. Univ. Ave., and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher and performer here 3 years. (A-1095t-p) 1966 Honda 305 Scrambler Excellent Condition, low mileage, new front and rear sprockets, extra sprockets, and plugs $300 373-2319 or N. W. 4th Lane. (A-l09-3t-p). Real to reel component stereo, craig deck, criterion spkrs., dyne amp, scotch tape -clear, nw, sell for loss -call Maec at 373-2394. (A-109-5t-p). Microscope, new olympus Binocular with 4 objectives 3 sets oculars reho light and camea adapter, case save $200 Call 372-0590. (A3t-109-p). Surfboard for sale: 10 foot king; local make; good condition no dings, clear with blue foam stringer; $30. Call Shela 392-9631. (A-109-5t-p). 1963 Rambler station wagon classic, V-8 automatic, radio and heater. Excellent condition. Call 372-7821 After 1PM. (A-109-5t-p). Adorable part poodle puppies. Have excellent care, shots. Good with children. 6 wks. old. Must see to appreclte. $25. Call 372-3489 anytime. (A-3t-109-p). 1967 Honda S90. Excellent Condition. Runs like new. Less than 4,000 miles. Helmet included $165. Call Bob at 373-1751. (A-109-t-p). Car & cycle -1965 HONDA CB160 tools, good condition 1965, VW 113 Good Cond. cycle $300, .car $700 call 373-2915. (A-t-109p) V ESPA Scooter runs perfectly. Current inspection sticker, parking decal. Two seats, new paint, 100 ml. per gallon. Only $99. Call 376-5962. (A-3t-110) MICROSCOPE leitz binocular, 3x, 45x, 100x oil objectives, 10x oculars, variable light, med. school approved, 4 yrs. old, $450, Call 378-1762 after 5 PM. (A-1104t-p). Tired of walking to classes? Financial Problems Forces Sale of 1970 HONDA CL-90 Less than 100 miles 373-2912 evenings. (A-2t-109-p) SPOTS before your eyes -on your new carpet -remove them with Blue Lustre. Rent electric shampooer $1. Lowry Furniture Co. (A-t-1l-c) Yorkshire terrier puppies, must sell, AKC registered, shots, small adorable dogs, $100.00, call 376-0289 after 5:00 on weekdays. (A-5t-111-p) $100-50cc Sears cycle w/ Bell helmet. Low mileage and good condition. Call 372-3877 after 5. (A-3t-111-p) HOME TAP FOR SALE: Draft Beer at Home. Only $80. Call 376-2630. (A-3t-111-p) GERT'S a gay girl -ready for a whirl after cleaning carpets with Blue Lustre. Rent electric shampooer $1. Lowry Furniture Co. (A-1Il-t-c) ]FODR R]E14TT For Rent: Large Bedroom, Private Bath, Porch, and entrance, $60/mo. Call Ann Sheridan 392-3581. (B-109-3t-P). 1 or 2 MALE ROOMMATES. Landmark Apts. no. 26. 1111 S.W. 16th Ave. Most beautiful Aprtment Complex In Gainesville. (70% GIRLS) Call 378-1074. (B109-5t-p). Sublease Uni. Gardens 2 bdr. grad student bid $170/mo. until June 15. Call 378-5955 or UG office. (B-109-3t-p). Single rooms utilities linens, maid $150/quarter. Near campus Call 378-7222 or see 115 N.W. 10th St. Evenings. (B109-5t-p) Nice two bedroom apt. only five blocks from campus. Air conditioned, gas heated. immediate occupancy. $125/mo. Call 378-5038, or 392-9367. (B-109-3t-p). 2 Bedroom duplex apt. Just south of "1, University inn. For information C 372-6333. Leave name and phone no. for J. Pozin. Will contact you. (B-109-5t-p). Several 1 br. apts, bath, kitchen, lvIng room, completely furnished ww carpet, AC $120 mo. Colonial Manor apts. 1216 S.W. 2nd Avenue. 372-7111 Grad. Students preferred. (6-109-tf-c)Need two roommates $45 a month $135 for the quarter + utilities, security deposit payed. Lease runs only to end of quarter. 373-1698 past 4. (B-3t-109-p). Acropo Street from campus -Studio Apts. -for both one and two students, ww. carpet -AC -cable TV utilitiee Included -completely furnished -ample parking -swim pool. College .Terrace Apts. 1225 S.W. Ist Ave. Phone 378-2221 or 372-7111. (-109-if-c). 1 and 2 bedroom furnished apts., fully carpted and air-conditioned. Most sound proofed In town. All electric kitchen, lots of closM laundry and pool. Pets Welcome. Phone 376-0635 for rental rates. (B-7t-109-P) Room for single man across from S.F.J.C. Quiet neighborhood $40. mo. 378-5868. 104 S.W. 8th Sr. (B-3t-110-p) Large corner room 4 windows, 2 closets 2 blocks campus, Phone, kitchen privileges, day, week, month, ample parking 378-4645. (B-lt-109-p). Apartments: 182 br's, efficiencies, A/C,'pool, some carpeted, close to campus. $100-220 per qtr. 376-8990 University Apartments. (B-111-24t-p) FOR RENT -one-bedroom apt. Across the street from Tigert Hall $75/mo. Call 378-7776. (B-2t-111-p) Poolside Village Park 1 bdrm. apt to Sublease Summer Qrtr. Call 376-2082 Diana or Vick. WAPJTE Singesi How about a private bdrm. close to campus, can A/H, full carpet complete elect. kitchen, spanish furniture, pool, gas grills, laundry facilities, patio, On/area, GIF parties -all for $70/mo. INCLUDING utl. La Mancha has it aill Openings for 1-4 students. Call 378-7224 Now (C-109-lot-p). FEMALE ROOMMATE: For Williamsburg Apt. $50/mo. Call LOIS 372-4944 after 5 PM. (C-109-5t-p). 1 FEMALE roommate needed IMMEDIATELY Landmark $46.25/mo. Call ANYTIME 378-4941. (C-10t-107-p) HELPIII Desperately need female roommate La Bonne Vie immediate occupancy till June. For more info. Please call 376-3056 or 373-1368. (C-109-St-p). Female roommate for house 3 miles from campus. Own room; central air. $50/month, share utilities. 373-1027. (C-3t-109-p) Male roommate wanted for Spring Quarter. Gatortown apt. No Deposit. One bedroom $50/mo, TV, Call 378-7134 anytime. (C-St-107p) Coed roommate for 2 bdrm. Tangewood townhouse. no deposits. Call 376-1015 anytime. (C-St-109-p) PR. ADV & MKG MAJORS: Representatives needed for on-campus marketing & sales promotion program. Liberal commissions. Call Fred 372-9705. (C-109-4t-p). Listeners Wanted -Will pay $2.00 for one hour session. Must be native english speaking and have normal hearing. Please call 392-2049 between 1 and 4 p.m. for appointment. (C-109-Ot-c). One Male Rmmate: to share 1 bdrm. apt in Sin City. Pool, Cable TV and air. cond. $40/mo. Call 373-1742. (C-5t-109-p) Female roommate for 2 bedr. poolsde + woodside Landmark apt. 107 spr. and/or summer qtr. dishwasher, good parking call anytime 373-1208 or come by. (C-3t-109-p) Non smoking grad. student wanted to share lovely house near Mal. $15-week. Call Susie 378-3606. (C-109-3t-p). FEMALE ROOMMATE: two bedroom apt. to share with one other girl. Close to campus. A/C $60 per mo. Grad student preferred. 376-7611 anytime. (C-109-4t-p). MAN'S BICYCLE NOW Call Mike Henson 378-0952 apt. 22. Williamsburg. (C-3t-109-p) Need one male roommate for strute apart. 38 per mth share util, AC etc. Call 372-4168 convenient to camp. (C-3t-109-p) 2 Male Roommates for 2-bedroom house, one block north of campus 1316 N.W. 1 Ave -378-8895. 33.75 month + utilities. No deposit ask for Pete. (C-5t-109-p) Help good people 2001 S.W. 135th St. needs a couple (in any form) or a single for roomates. Large bedroom private bath AC good Price. 376-7402. (C-2t-109-p) One female roommate wanted to move Into Landmark Apt. Immediately. Call anytime 378-4849. (C-3t-109-p) Desperate -Male roommate La Bonne Vie 47.50 a month, con H/AC, pool, call 872-7252 after 4:00 p.m. (C-5t-109-P) Female roommate wanted French Quarter phone 376-0613 45 per month. (C-111-5t-p) Male roommate wanted for spring qt. Poolside one-bedroom apt. near mail. Air-cond. and private patio, No deposit. 55/mo. Call 372-5093 after 6 pm. (C-111-St-p) WANTED IMMEDIATELY FEMALE ROOMMATE 46.25 MONTH CONTACT LANDMART APT 85 373-2503. (C-111-3t-p) Share 3 bedroom furnished trailer with two students, own bedroom. $45 month 372-6002. (C-111-lt-p) Share a nice house with engineering students, five blocks from campus $150/qtr utilities included, 507 NW 19st 373-2147. (C-111-4t-p) Wanted: One male roommate for La Bonne Vie apt. Pay an average of $34 per month + 1/ utilities, Phone 373-1448. Lease ends in June Apt. 354. (C-3t-109-p) i~ux~ WAPJThZ~ JfuX~ WAMThX~ Male 20 yrs. old for telephone solicitarion work. 10 hs. per Week, no experience necesary. Call 376-2043' for an Interview. (E-5t-109-p) A FREE GUITAR LESSON Phone 372-3225 or come by 1826 W. Univ. Ave. and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher and performer here 3 years. (E-109-5t-p). SECRETARIES-TYPISTS: 70 WPM Shorthand and 45 WPM Typing. Positions open on the main campus and In the Health Center. Apply at Central Employment, 2nd Floor of the Hub, or telephone 392-1201 for testing appointment. UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA -Equal Opportunity Employer. (E-107-5t-c) FEMALE: Parttime waitress. Noon hours. Must be neat. Good pay. Apply King's Food Host. 1802 W. Un. Ave. or 1430 SW 13th St. Apply Afternoons only. (E-111-tf-c) STENOGRAPHER: typing & shorthand required. Excellent company benefits,, Southern Bell Telephone Co., Gainesville, Call for a ppointment, collect, Oriando 305.422-9082Equal Opportunity Employer. (E-3t-111-P) -I STARTS THE SUNOANCE KID and his girl friend RO&S TOGETHER AGAIN! .Surpassing their roles in "Butch Cassidy and the $undance Kid"! FREE COFFEE SNACK LIVE MUSIC ( MOVES A. .-", ita -alSl-1 vigot bjoman s complete ana uncut / Am Curious (Yellow) is a landmark likely to permanently shatter many of our last remaining movie Conventions," says William Wolf of Cue Magazine. NOW SHOWING AT PLAYBOY PENTHOUSE THEATRES LOCATED AT The Suburbia DRIVE IN THEATRE N.W. 13TH ST -PH 3724523 -ACROSS FROM THE MALL FEATURE TIMES NO. 2 -7:30 -10:30 NO. 3 -7:00 -9:30 1 05 N W. Im St. HELD LAST 7 OVER! warm, touching and funny MARLOTHOMANTII 'That Girl' isl 233 W.nhversMtY Ave. ,* ls 

PAGE 15

p W.A 64 FALCON CONVERTIBLE exelent condition $495. Call nytme at 376-273e (G-t-109-p) MERCEDES-BENZ 1964 190 Sedan. AM-FM air-conditioning. Radial t(res, excellent condition $1.595. Call 37-5068. (G-t-1 89-p) LEMANS 1968 Aircond. full power, HURST 4-speed Map and Polygiass, engine In perfect cond. must sell soon. Evenings 373-2827. (G-109-5t-P). 1963 Covalr, excellent condition, 60,000 miles perfect for second car call Bob at 376-9781 after 7:00 p. m. (G-3t-109-P). 1962 roll over V W engine In great shape, would make excellent beach buggy must sell now, call 373-1451. (G-5t-109-p). 1962 Che. Impala Hard Top Sport Coupe, In Top condition, one owner, 283 V AT R & H $550 376-3442. (G-111-5t-P) 1965 VW BUG. Must sell immediately -$600. New tires, good brakes and clutch. Color -Black. CALL BARBARA 372-7240. (G-3t-111-p) 1963 Dodge Dart GT excellent cond. automatic bucket seats WW tires $450 Call Cathy 373-2727. (G-3t-111-p) VERY RARE Honda sportscar S-600 coupe, good cond, collectors item -never imported to USA now out of production. A truly unique example of automotive engineering and design -$3000 or best offer. Michael S. King 3530 SW 24th Ave lot -124 Gainesville -most eves. (G-3t-111-P) Roommate wanted to share 2 bedroom apt. Furnished, complete kitchen. Very large and nice. Immediate occupancy 314 N W 14 St. Apt. 3 Apt. 378-0898. (J-2t-109-p). G I R LS -Distinctive CUSTOM MADE Personal Dress, WEDDING DRESS & Sportswear by your English dressmaker, KATHLEEN. Bikinis $14, Dresses $14. Add $3 for 1-day service If desired. Phone 378-0320. (J-10t-107-p) A very lonely friend could stand some conversational femininity bestowed on him. Please write 2 Lt. Bob HiM Team 46 Mat i1 -20 APO 96240 (Viet Nam). J-5t-107-pi WANTED -Former Peace Corps volunteer to speak at high school. Transportation provided. Martha estreich 378-3430. (J-3t-109-r Welcome Back Special! with first purchase everyday this week a $1.00 coupon toward any article at THE BAUBLE BAG custom-made jewelry, 535 SW 4th Ave. Open 1 pm. (J-St-107-p) no. 24 the games people play Cat and mouse was ours. Maybe our paths will cross again. I dig baseball too. Beat JU. (J-2t-109-p) REITZ UNION AUD. POLANSKI Pra Rosemegy's Baby is her tonite and tomorrow night at 5:30, 8:00, and 10:30. Admison Is .O. Sponsored by JWRU. BARBARA & SONJA WELCOME BACK FOLKS the bent Lost BOOTSIE, black & white cat w/ GAINESVILE'S WILDEST SHOW card Coffee house Presents real music 1. D. tag In viscinity of Univ. P. 0. G I E V LES W L E TS O ral movies -real coffee (free) real Reward for return. Call 372-5713 fun for real 1e3p0e81(J-3t-109-p). after 5 P P. M. (L-3t-109-p). FRIDAY & SATURDAY A FREE GUITAR LESSON phone Lost Deltzgen side rule. If found 372-3225 or Come by .1826 W. Univ. please call 378-5901. The name Is ~I l~~~ Ave and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher Ralph Barlow reward. (L-3t-109-p).H A L E ~ and performer here 3 yeard.HANDLEBARLOUNGE (J-5109-P). FOUND: Camera left at 624 N.W. 19th Ave. Sophomore from Beacon, 441 North I did for both of us. A tr to Now N.Y. with 3.9 average. Please call York is always great, but t time it 372-3203 624 N.W. 19th Ave. was special. The reason? ThE most (L-3t-109-p) Y ou M ust Be 211 exciting just out collection. of underground clothes ever. Plus FOUND on drill field: Cigarette exclusive represntakion of a lighter with Insignia. Identify. Call collection of imported clothes sold 372-6958. (L-3t-111-p) ..t.y.C only In the best N. Y. hopes. Marsha Dave Stan or Susie will be glad to sell Found: Girls bicycle behind Hume the quafterlycom eth them to you at the SPANISH MAIN during finals. Call Doug 392-8756. .* -*. .---.-* 1642 W. Univ. Ave. open 10-10 (L-3t-111-nc) Mon-Sat. (J-3t-109-p). Do You need a Piano player for E V C S dinners ornother occasions? CallrMike at 373-1453 after 11pm only $3 an hour. (J-5t-111-p) Ruby's ALTERATIONS -1958.0 N.W. 4th St. 376-8506. Mrs. Ruby Needed: female model for painting Mills. (M-10t-107-p) probably more than one sitting. $ 3 an hour if interested call 392-7368 Happiness Is getting your eyeglasses after 8pm ask for Frank. (J-2t-11-1-p) at the smallest eyagass office In"ss IN N 0 T E T H Penny Rich, designer of the famous town. Drive your own waiting room COLOR PROGRAM IS Pennyrich Bra, has a new creation to UNIVERSITY OPTICIANS at 519 C0 the TrianderIn Bra. She also has an all SW 4th Ave, across from Greyhound1 R ATED X. NO new marketing plan for those Bus Station, 378-4480. (M-tf-107-c) ONE UNDE interested in earning unlimited 0 income. Call 378-0378 or 373-2940 INCOME TAX RETURNS $4 and up WILL BE A for details. (J-7t-111-p) Campys Tax Service, at Rebel DMITDiscouSt 1227 W. Univ. 372-8309. fTED Anyone interested in playing lacrosse (M-102-20t-P) or helping form a club please call 378-5954 -Keep trying! I'm -the XEROX COPIES: Specializing in proverbial phantom. (J-3t-111-p) thesis and dissertation copies and collating. Gainesville Printing Co. PLU WHEELER! Do you have an Uncle -1817 Hawthorne Rd. Call 372-4313. Wheeler that works in Lakeland?? My (M-83-37t-p) TochniCOlor puppy George followed my 'friends' to Steak n Shake & left him. Your Alternators -Generators -Starters uncle not wanting to see George hurt -Electrical Systems tested and told the waitress he would take him repairs -Auto Electrical Service, if this is your uncle call 392-1171 1111 S. Main. (M-107-tf-c) miss him! Sharon. (J-2t-111-p) TRIUMPH CITY authorized triumph sales & service. 1970 models from $745 to $1,750. Located north of LOST de F'O~lTJ city limits on 441, behind the Handlebar Lounge. New building LOST campus Mar 16, male soon. 376-9345. (M-7t-109-p) miniature coilHN, sable, white, black. Tennis rackets restrung. Free pickup City tag 1352. Call 372-4542 or and delivery call Mike 392-6004. 392-0277. REWARD. (L-5t-107-p) (M-3t-109-p) An avalanche of Adventure! HELD OVER Walt Disney. 70-37-2 34 ssearcEhE i 7i 5 MOR E 0-em m m CHEVALIER MILLS SAE \ T EC HNICOLO~r'(IM D1970 Wat Disne oucio W OM E TCO'S 1N.W.13th St. at23rd RD Telephone 372-2434 "The family that s Lays together stays together" ...MA BARKER JAMES H. NICHOLSON AmoSAMUEL Z. ARKOFF P .-ENT SHELLEY WINTERS.T COLORGLE-DTUDAE A S MBOW RWlMo~'w6 -DO TRUDINEvAS BRUCE CLINT ROBERT ROBERT PATHINLE ON IAVEFUDIAE VRWADERN -KI MBROUGH -DeNIRO -WALDEN~ or Friday, April 3,1970, The Florkia Alligator, Page 15 .Ab 

PAGE 16

Pa 16, The Florda Alligator, Friday, April 3, 1970 'jADOES'WALt AWMNISTRATI'4E NOlICES AND GENERAL O r and NOTICES TO: THE DIVISION OF INFORMATION SERVICES ADDRESS CAMPUS CALENDAR NOTICES TO PUBLIC FUNCTIONS OFFICE, J. WAYNE REITZ UNION BLUE BULLETIN Administrative Notices ADMINISTRATIVE NOTICES ETS FOREIGN LANGUAGE APPLICATION DEADLINE is April 8, the last date for receipt by the Educational Teting Service, Princeton, N.J. 06540. of the application and $10 fee for reading knowledge examinations in French, German, Russian and Spanish on May 2, 1970. Registration feea increase $3 after this day and up to the dosing date of April 15. PREMEDICAL AND PREDENTAL STUDENTS must register with the Office of Preprofessional Education, Room 105 Anderson Hall, starting Monday, April 6, through Friday, April 24. Bring with you the full names of all your instructors and the course and section numbers. SUMMER SWIM PROGRAM: The University of Florida Golf Club pool will open May 1 College Library* Research Library PKY Lib. of Florida History Special Collections Sept. 13. The pool will be open from 9 a.m. -7 p.m. daily except Sunday, when it will be open from 1 -7 p.m. There is no recreational swimming before 12 noon, Monday through Thursday, due to class instruction. The swimming lesson program will be divided into three sessions for instructional purposes. The first session will be from May 1 June 18. Those eligible to swim must be bona fide University of Florida full-time students, faculty, staff, theirwives, husbands, and their children. Membership applications are being accepted on a first coma-first serve basis. Fees will include swimming lessons but not golf privileges, and may be mailed to "U of F Golf Club, P. 0. Box 14106, University Station, Gainesville" or brought to the Pro Shop at the golf course. PLACEMENT NOTICES VENEZUELANS are invited to nmet the representative of the Shell Co. of Venezuela on Wednesday, April 8 at 3 p.m. in the International Center to talk about jobs and scholarships. Monday -Friday 8am -11 pm 8am -11 pm 8:30 am -5 pm 8:30 am -5 pm Friday, April 3 Econovan Art Display, Jewel sized paintings, Plaza of the Americas. Celebration 70, Folk Festival, Plaza of the Americas, 12:00 -4:00 p.m. Independent Student's Assoc. Organizational Meeting, 118 Union, 4:30 p.m. Union Movie, "Rosemary's Baby," Union Aud., 5:30, 8:00 & 10:30 p.m. Univ. of Fla. Veterans Club Meeting, Rathskeller, Proposed Florida Veterans Assistance Bill will be discussed. Center of Man presents "Son of Man," University Aud., 8:00 p.m. Union Dance, The Power," Union Ballroom, 9:00 P.m. Tolbert Area Movie, Southhall Rec. Room, "Kartumb," 9:00 p.m. Saturday 8 am -11 pm 8 am -11 pm 8:30 am -12N 8:30 am -12N Sunday 2 pm -11 pm 2 pm -11 pm Closed Closed Architecture & FineArts Library 8 am -5 pm Arch. & Fine Arts Building 7 pm -10pm 8 am -12N 6 pm -10 pm Chemistry Library 8 am -5 pn 9 am -12N 2pmn -5 pm 216Leigh Hall 7pm-10pm 1 pm -4pm 7 pm -10 pm Education Library 341 Norman Hall 8 am -10:30 pm** 9 am -5 pm 2pm -10:30 pm Engineering & Physics Library 8 am -5 pm 9 am -12N 2 pm -5 pm 410 Engineering Building 7 pm -10 pm 1pm -4 pm 7 pm -10 pm Health & Phys. Ed. R. R. 8am -5pm 305 Florida Gymnasium 6 pm -10 pm*** 8am -12N 7 pm -10 pm Health Center Library L 102 Med. Science Bldu. 8:30 am -12M -8:30 am -5 pm 2 pm -.12M Hums (Agriculture) Ubrary C McCarty Hall 8am-11pm Sam -5prn 7pm -11 pm Journalism & Communications R.R. 8 am -5 pm 337 Stadium 7pm -10 pm*** 8 am -12N Closed Law Library Holland Law Center Sam -i1 pm 8 am -11 pm 8:30am -11 pm Mead Library (PKY Lab School) Yonge Bldg. F. 8 am -4 pm Closed Closed Teaching Resources Center Office 8am -5 pn Closed Closed Record Room Sam -12N Closed 2 pm -5 pm 6 pm -10 pm 6 pm -10 pm 1 pm5pm The Literature Room is open a a study hall on Sunday through Friday nightsfrom 11 p.m. -12 M. ** The Education Library doses at 6:00 p.m. on Friday nights. ** The Reading Rooms dose at 5:00 p.m. on Friday nights. Saturday, April4 India Club Movie, "Diwana," Union Aud., 2:00 p.m. Union Movie, "Rosemary's Baby," Union Aud., 5:30, 8:00 & 10:30 p.m. Tolbert Area Movie, Southhall Rec. Room, "Kartumb," 9:00 p.m. Sunday, April 5 Bridge Club, 150 C & D Union, 7:00 p.m. Collegiate Civitan Club Meeting, 346 Union, 7:00 p.m. Union Classic Film Series, "Lord Jim," Union Aud., 6:30 & 9:30 p.m. Campus Crusade for Christ Life Meeting, Kappa Delta Sorority House, 9:13 p.m. Monday, April 6 Block & Bridle Meeting, 349 Union, 7:00 p.m. "New Beef Breeds" Union Speaker: Avedon-Black, Union Aud., 7:30 p.m. Delta Sigma P! Smoker, 122 Union, 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, April 7 Children's Ballet Lessons, C-4 Union, 3:00 p.m. Paint for Fun. C-4Union, 7:00 p.m. College of Education Women's Club Fashion Show, 121 Union, 7:00 p.m. Chess Club Meeting, 361 Union, 7:00 p.m. Tournament Registration Union Speaker: Avedon-Black, Union Aud., 7:30 p.m. Bridge Club, 150 C & D Union, 7:30p.m. Modern Jazz Dance Lessons, 118 Union, 7:30 p.m. SGP: "Houston Symphony Orchestra, Florida Gym, 8:15 p.m. UNION BOX OFFICE: Houston Symphony Tickets: $3.50, $2.50 & $2.00. Scabbard & Blade Military Ball Tickets, $4.50 MORRISON'S CAFETERIA ENJOY THESE SPECIALTIES FRIDAY LUNCH AND DINN ER Fish Almondine and French-Fried Potatoes 894 GAINESVILLE MALL Campus Calendar BECOME A CHEF. in your own back yard. Let us help you build that new patio you've been wishing for. We'll even let you include the world's fanciest grill.and outdoor cooking lessons tool GAINESVILLE FLORIDA CAMPUS FEDERAL CEDIT UNION a j 

PAGE 17

r The .: Florida : Alligator JUST THE BEGINNING Lights, Music Open Festival of the Arts Dan Vining Entertainment Editor Friday. Apr1 3. 1970, The Forioda Alligaor, Pap 17 Celebration, the university's first month-long festival of the arts, is sponsoring a dance andlight show tonight in the Reitz Union Ballroom. The Krishna Light Company will supply the light show. A rock -group called Power will provide music. The dual show An afternoon of music is planned beginning at noon today on the Plaza of the Americas, another offering that comes as a part of Celebration. Featured on the program will be several folk singers and folk singing groups, bluegrass entertainers, and some "city-type" musicians. According to Celebration officials, the program will be headlined by the Crazywater Crystal Company, a bluegrass, traditional country music group begins at 9 pam. Students will be admitted to the show tonight for 25 cents. THE KRISHNA Light Show includes use of strobe lights, slide projectors with color slides, a sound organ that converts sound into different light flashes, and an "amoebachine," made up of local musicians. The group has four members including guitarists, a banjo player and a fiddler. All the members of the group sing. Other performers on the program include Dave Suchman, a university professor who plays banjo and guitar and sings. Pat Champion, who manages the Beauz Arts Coffee House in St. Petersburg, also will appear. There is no admission charge for the entertainment. an overhead projector that projects light through different collored oils. The show was organized by John Ault, 3AS, who is co-producer of the Krishna Light Company. Ault and his crew have performed at several on-campus functions. The show he is bringing to the Celebration event is totally revamped from previous shows, Celebration officials have said. The rock group Power is a trio of men who've been together nearly two years after organizing in Lakeland. THE GROUP has performed with several top rock performers including Canned Heat, Chuck Berry and the Blues Magoos. The leader of the group is drummer John Rhodes who also plays on conga drums. Robert Huddle, a native San Franciscan, is lead guitarist. He also plays mouth harp. Bassist for Power is Dan Roberts, a Lakeland resident who plays both the four and eight string bass as well as piano and mouth harp. Both groups -Power and The Krishna Light Company -also will be in concert in the University Auditorium Saturday night in a show that begins at 8. The general public will be admitted to Saturday's concert for 50 cents. The student price remains the same, 25 cents. nflA3 L A K Free Beverage Refills Or you may want a juicy, tender Bonanza steak Served with a steaming-hot, buttery baked potato, Texas toast and a cool, crisp, green salad. #1 Sirloin Strip. Strip Steak. 8/ oz. boneless or 11 oz. bone-in .....4, 9 2Rib Eye. Rib-eye. 6 oz. 1.9f #3Top Hand. T-Bone Steak. 15 oz. 2.99 #4 Bunkhouse Special. Chopped Steak. 8 oz. French fries, toast, cole slaw ..-.1.29 #5 Bonanuaburger DelUXe. Beef Platty. 4 oz., french fries, cole slaw, lettuce, onion, pickle, 'Chicklets' ...7 9 or #6 Golden Nugget Fried Chicken. 3 pieces, french fries, toast, cole slaw. 1.59 #7 ShrimpPlatter. 5 shrimp. french tries. toast, cole slaw, lettuce.'1 9 #8 aSeafood Platter. 1 fishcake or 2 fisnt filets, 3 scallops, 2 shrimp, Mirnch fries, toast, cole slaw, lettuce.1.5 #9 L," Wrangler. 3 Drummettes or beef ( pattyfrench rieat ll ..i. 89J Tell George how you liked it!. BONANZA NO. 1053 2445 SW 13th St. OPEN 11:00A.M. 'TIL 9:00P.M. 7 DAYS A WEEK .a, ..w' Folk, Bluegrass Featured In Plaza ROCK TRIO HERE .a light show too ~ 

PAGE 18

'Son Of Man' Program Tonite At University Auditorium A presentation dealing with "The Establishment versus Jesus in Modem Dress" will be performed Friday night at 8:15 in the University Auditorium. The program will feature Michael Beistle and Didier Graeffe and a cast of 18 other persons in the portrayal of a modern Christ-figure confronting some of the problems of our day. The show Beware The Skunk BERKELEY, Calif. -Wild baby skunks are cute, but they can be deadly, says a California public health veterinarian. "Young skunks infected with rabies may not come down with this fatal disease for several months after they have been captured and taken home as pets," said Dr. George L. Humphrey. He said the law prohibits trapping or capturing wild skunks for pets, but some people do it anyway and expose themselves to possible rabies. THE GOLD COAST BOOMS AGAINI featuring .tter Services for U of F The Copy Center aM.t Xereo,Cpies 4 cents College Inn Restaurant unernmw memsemeet Gator Shop Mens Sportswear Ma/ones Bookstore Seeks and Supplies Ya'11 Come Thank you 1700BLOCK W. UNIV. I q~f&1Y1 I is called, "The Son of Man." There is no admission charge for the program. T he United States Army Soldier Show will perform here April 13 in the University Auditorium in a night's entertainment sponsored by Student Governme nt Productions in coordination with university R. O. T. C. officials. The show is an hour and a half long and includes nearly all types of modern popular music performed by enlisted men and TV NOTES NEW YORK (UPI) -The Annual presentation of Oscars by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences will be back on the NBC network in 1971 under a contract extending through 1973. NBC did the show annually from 1953 through 1960. ABC took it over then and will present the ceremonies this year. CBS has lined up another program of Amateur Athletic Union outdoor international track and field meets for telecasting May 17 through Sept. 6. The series was inaugurated last year. The Sunday programs will be an hour in length except on June 28 and July 26 when they will be 90 minutes for coverage of the AAU national championships and the U. S. A. -U. S. S. R. meet. Oriental Tea-house Atmosphere -6 Serving Authentic Chineese Food at Popular Prices LUNCHES AND DINNERS -NO TIPPING 10 MINUTE CARRYOUT SERVICE AVAILABLE. CALL 372-6801 ...in the Village Square on 441 women now serving in the Army. There are 20 men and nine WACs included in the touring group. All the performers in the show come from the Third United States Army area, Southeastern America, and all are taken from their normal military jobs to perform in the show. THE PRODUCTION is staged by a professional civilian staff that selects the material to be presented and works out the details of the show. The Army c allIs the p r o d uction, "Where I t's At .-. U. S. A. ," and refers to it as "a colorful Magical Mystery Tour of the United States." The musical program includes several acts as well as soloists, both male and female. There is one Supremes-type singing group. Several of the show's tunes are instrumental. INCLUDED ON THE program for the April 13 show is "Leaving on a Jet Plane," "Raindrops Keep Fallin' On My Head," "Games People Play," Yakety Sax," and a dozen or more other similarly popular tunes. There is no admission cost for the show. It begins at 8 p.m. Color TV Sales Booming NEW YORK (UPI) -During the past year the number of color television households in the United States increased by about 4.7 million sets, with 25 per cent more sets being sold than in the previous 12 months, and now approximately four of every 10 homes can tune in living color reception. Researchers at RCA say 39.3 p e r c e n t o f a ll television-watching homes now enjoy color reception, and with more programming being appropriately tinted, the ratio of color to black-and-white home video entertainment should continue to rise during the 1970s. VARIETY IS THE KEYNOTE ...WACs are in the show too IT'S A DEAL.,. IEL ir S A ME AL! I t's( Now Servingq Only Weekly Monday thru Friday Lunch and Dinner Sorry. no take-out service or discounts at this low price Daily Choice of Four Entrees Entrees Served With Choice of Potatoes, Rice or Vegetable Choice of Special Salads of The Day Hot Roll or Muffin Iced Tea or Coffee (Free Seconds i SELF SERVICE-NO TIPPING 313 W. UNIV. AVE. CAFETERIA DOWNTOWN GAINESVILLE PLENTY OF FREE PARKING IN REAR Get together with music in its most magnificent and overpowering form. Hans The Schwieger Houston Conducts Symphony Orchestra with Gary Graffman, Pianist Florida Gymnasium Tuesday, April 7, 1970, 8:15pm Tickets: $2.00-2.50-3.50 on Sale at JWRU B Office & at Door ,rqdtrod. for C kfi7n 'ITS WHERE IT'S AT' Army Show To Perform I 

PAGE 19

UWEEKEND MOVIE FARE TELL THEM WILLIE BOY IS HERE -This is the second film by a director named Abraham Polonsky whose first picture was "Force of Evil." The movie, in basic terms, is a western. It stars Robert Redford and Katherine Ross, the pair who played robbers in "Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid." In this picture they're lawmen. It should be interesting and apparently goes far beyond what we've come to expect from the Western-type film in America. It's now at the Center One. * CANDY -Ewa Aulin stars in this screen adaptation of Terry Southern's dirty book. It's about a young girl who meets men and loves them silly because she feels sorry for them. The sequences with Richard Burton and Walter Matthau are among the best. It's on the same bill with "The Killing of Sister George," one of the first of that lesbianism wave that rolled across the country last year making us all wonder if Hollywood had forgotten about heterosexuality. The pair of films is at the Gainesville Drivein. * JENNY -Marlo Thomas is a young girl who's pregnant in New York City and figures she can live along with it until she meets a man who needs a draft deferment and proposes an instant family with the three of them. He's phony and the director seems to be building the film around him. At the end of the picture there is a scene where the young girl nurses her newborn child. Some guy sitting next to me got up at that point and said, 'That's disgusting," and walked out. He had on red socks and a dark suit and burped outloud three times. The movie isn't very good. It's at the Center Two. i * LAST WOMAN ON EARTH -I hope this one isn't a lesbian picture. It's with "Devil's Bride," "99 Women," and "Viking Queen" at the Suburbia Drivein. The people at the drivein would't say what's going to be on in the two Penthouses. That could either be a very good sign or a very bad sign or none at all. It could even be Capricorn. * BLOODY MOMMA -Shelley Winters stars in this glorification of a Ma Barker-type gangster hero. The ads show her brandishing (that's the word they always use) brandishing a Tommy-gun (that's the word they always use there too). It could be pretty good or then again it could be horrible. It, too, could be Capricorn. It's the fare at the Plaza Two. * IN SEARCH OF THE CASTAWAYS -Jules Verne wrote this fantastic story of an earthquake and a tidal wave and general excitement unmistakably devoid of violence, sex and for most of us -interest. It's a Disney thing now at the Plaza One. Actually it's probably pretty good for what it wants to be. At least you can take the kids which is more than you can say for "Last Woman on Earth." Also, the roar of the tidal wave would cover up the burping of the guy in the next seat over. ROSEMARY'S BABY -Roman Polanski directed this popular picture about witchcraft made a little more exciting by the rumor or fact that Polanski and his friends were involved in some way with the subject matter. There's some nice tension in the film and the acting of Miss Farrow isn't bad. That nude shot of her isn't her and, consequently, isn't bad either. The movie is the third of a trio of Polanski films shown at the Reitz Union. t * LORD JIM -This film adaptation of Joseph Conrad's novel was produced and directed by Richard Brooks. It's the story of a young ship officer in the merchant marine who deserts his I vessel in a storm, disregarding the passengers. Relieving his conscience is the heart of the story. Peter O'Toole plays the young officer. It's showing Sunday at the Reitz Union. Ialrightfolks, 7)cv this is the one you'Ve been NG waiting for And it will be here in a few days. The Florida Quarterly, a young tradition GainWile tice at University of Florida the seYice 1802 W. UNIV. AVE. laO S ,13M ST. Light Show with the "Power". Orchestra Concert ...... Houston Symphony. Houston Quintet. James Wright. University of Florida Glee Clubs Folk Festival.o. University of Florida Symphony. Soldier Show. Rathskell Springfest. Photo Ext bi~tion. Carl Chiarena. .o. Faculty Poet Readings. Carlos Montoya. Folk Festival. U. of F. Baroque Ensemble. International Art Exhibit. Flute Festival. .*. Florida Woodwind Quintet. Student Poet Readings. .. Folk Festival. ..... Childrens Mhrionette Performance. S-. A. I. Musicale. .. Student Art Show.o. Paul Winter Consort. Twi-Light Concert (Gator Con. Band) "Soviet Culture and Education". Faculty Poet Readings. Florida Film Festival. Prof. Harry Crews "Readings".,. Aoston Chamber Players ...... Talking Drums of Africa. .0. Sudha. Thieves' Carnival. .. Kitts and Bassons. Gator Variety Band Comeert. Waysgoose. ... S. G. P. Pop Symposium ...... 8 pm. .. 4 pm.0. 8 pm.a.a 8 pm.0. 8 pm. .. 12 Noon. 4 pm,. 8 pm. .. All Day 8 pm.& 8 pm.e 8 pm. .. 12 Noon. 4 pm. .. All Day 8:15 pm. 5 pm 8 pm 12 Noon 4 pm. .a.0. 8 pm.0. All Day 8 pm.* 6:45 pm. 8 pm. 8 pm. All Day 8 pm. .. 8 pm.*.& 8 pm. .. 8 pm.0. 8 pm. .. 8 pm. .. 6:45 pm. 11 am. All Day J. W. Reitz Union Univ. Aud. Fla. Gym. Univ. Aud. Univ. Aud. Univ. Aud. Plaza of Amer. Univ. Aud. Univ. Aud. Rathskeller. J. W. Reit: Union J. W. Reits Union J. W. Reits Union Univ. Aud. ... Plaza of Amer. Univ. Aud. ... J. W. Reit: Union Univ. And. Univ. Aud. J. W. Reit: Union Plaza of Anmer. Univ. Aud.e Univ. Aud.0 J. W. Reitz Union Univ. Aud. Univ. Aud. J. W. Reitz Union J. W. Reit: Union J. .eit: union J. W. Reit: Union Univ. Aud. Univ. Aud. Univ. Aud. Union Theatre. Univ. Aud. Union Steps. Union Lawn. Florida Field. FrWmaApre 3,1970, The Florid A~ipaw, PWgs U CELEBRATION SCHEDULE: tkt 420 N.W. 13th Street Ph. 378-8045 CLEARANCE Reg. Spec. Price Save 2 ADC 1000A FM Receiver $379.95 $279.95 e $100.00 2 Sony 560 Auto-Rev. Tape Deck 299.96 249.96 ee 50.00 1 NIkko AM-FM Receiver 189.95 1569.95 30.00 2 Sony TC 155 Copy Cat. 99.95 75.00 -24.95 1 Benjamin 1020 Portable 229.95 189.95 40.00 2 Altec Bolero Speaker 171.00 es 139.96 31.05 1 Merantz no. 18 FM Revr. 695.00 560.00 145.00 2 AR3@ Speakers 250.00 199.95 ee 50.05 2 Peerless Am-Fm w/Speakers 149.95 99.96 50.00 4 Koss 3P3XC Phones 24.95 14.95 as 10.00 2 Telex Seranata Phones 69.96 39.96 30.00 1 Telex Ampli-Twinphones 79.50 40.00 39.95 1 Heathkit AM-FM Tuner 149.96 109.95 30.00 2 Stanton 681EE Cartridge 60.00 35.00 25.00 2 Stanton 681A Cartridge 55.00 30.00 25.00 1 Empire UOSE Cartridge 39.95 19.95 20.00 1 Sony Fike Afxer 29.95 19.96 10.00 1 Claricon 60 Watt Compact 259.95 229.95 30.00 Up to 20% off most items. Bring this ad. Specializing in Sales and Service. 3 5 7 8 9 11 11 12 13 14-IS 14-16 19 16 17 18 19 20-30 21 23 23 24 25 26 27-28 28 29 29 30 1-3 4 5-6 9 10 11-16 12 13 16 16 

PAGE 20

FOR 18TH SEASON Clown Pcitkin Ready By MILTON RICHMAN Northwest through the years. Sometimes the weather is UPI Sports Writer It was the first time Patkin miserable and there are only 500 eter was honred What did he or 600 fans in the stands where All-American receiver Carlos Alvarez and junior passing whiz John Reaves passed their first real test of the 1970 football season with an impressive 50-0 victory before 62,000 yelling, cheering fans at Florida Field. The Gators completely overran their opponents with a professional touch as they had things their way in the one-sided affair at Florida Field. THE GAME, WHICH was supposed to be a toughie for the Gators, turned out to be a complete white-wash,. as the final score indicates. UF coaches termed the victory a total success. The 62,000 fans who turned out to witness the battle was the largest paying spectator crowd ever at Florida Field. UF Athletic Association officials said the 62,000 paying fans was made possible when the Association passed a proposal last spring allowing the association to charge students $8 a seat for all UF home games. "WE HOPE THAT once the police are able to keep the boycotting students away from the ticket windows more paying fans will come out for the games," the association official I talked with said. "We expect to fill Florida Field eventually once the students accept the fact that they will have to pay to see the Florida Gators play." Association officials, who are more open now to the press after being on the defensive last spring, say they plan to renovate Yon Hall, construct permanent stands in the north and south stands at Florida Field (to make it a complete bowl), hire additional new top-notch coaches, secure new uniforms and equipment and try to pay off a reasonable association deficit. Also in the plans of the association are ideas to help donate available administrative talent and brainpower towards the construction of the planned 16,000 seat Activities Center within the year, once the deficit is paid off. "HECK, NOW THAT fans can and are charging tickets to their Bankamericard and Master Charge accounts we don't foresee any problems in meeting our goals,".said the association officials. "Yes sir, with the students paying $4 a seat for basketball games, we'll have that new Activities Center in no time. We of the association truly want to make the UF a really great university." At the student's expense!!! e NOW THAT WE are back to reality, we know that this whole picture is but mere fiction on my part. In fact, it was only part of a nightmare I had last night. Haywood Collects Millions In Court DENVER (UPI) -Spencer In the application, it was Haywood had to go to court noted that Haywood, leading Wednesday to get his '$1.9 rebounder and scorer in the million from the Denver ABA, had been offered Rockets. employment with the Rockets The Rockets of the American subject to approval by his new Basketball Association last week guardian. announced signing the 20-year-old to a six-year pact. The application also pointed The only hitch was Haywood out that Haywood's new wasn't old enough to sign the guardian had looked over the cona OOD, who becomes 21 contract -making Haywood one of the highest paid athletes in three more weeks, was in in the world -and had approved Denver probate court Wednesday to get a guardian. Judge David Brofman gave the guardianship of the 6-foot-9 TAKE THE 30 M athlete to Bernard Gibson, vice the Central Bank and Trust in Denver. Student Special Any car or colorU U.S. 301 NORT4995 STARKE, FLOOR "SOONER OR LA TER YOUR F Joy's Paint & Body Shop 2017 N.E. 27th Ave. PL 4AINESVILLEPHWE372-0 NEW YORK -Here's a guy who's gonna do it the hard way without any spring training at all. It doesn't matter. Maxie Patkin's in shape for another season. He's not at all nervous either. What for? He has set records and he has heard the cheers. If you care to get technical about it, Patkin has played in more cities and ballparks than guys like Hoyt Wilhelm, George Bruner, Pedro Ramos, Leon Wagner and Dick Schofield and the next time he suits up it'll be for his 25th straight season. "What pension?" he says, giving. you that classic rubber-faced expression of his. "Nobody ever heard of a pension for a clown. Are you kidding?" Max Patkin began clowningras a kid growing up in Philadelphia and has never really stopped. He pitched six years in the minors and then sort of drifted into the business of being a baseball clown when he came up with an arm that wouldn't work anymore 18 years ago with Wilkes-Barre of the Eastern League. "I don't wanna sound self-centered, but I think when I quit that'll be the end of all baseball clowns," says the 50-year-old Patkin. "Baseball players are pretty serious today. They have no time to fool around. The only guy I've seen who's remotely funny is John Boozer, the pitcher. I haven't seen anybody else." "I go to places that even the scouts don't go," laughs Maxie, who has entertained baseball fans in practically every state of the union with his zany, rib-tickling performances. "Some of the places I go nobody ever heard of but I play bigger cities, too. Lst year Idid my act in Albquerque, Tula, Salt Leke City, Ogden and El Paso all within one week and drew a total of 26,000." The high point of Patkin's travels last year came at Spokane where Elton Schiller, the general manager of the club, had the game halted temporarily in the seventh inning so Maxie could be presented with a plaque in recognition for the enjoyment he provided fans in the MINUTE DRIVE AND LVE! A do? What do clowns always do? Patkin is booked to work. He He cried. knocks himself out regardless. ...........---......... KENP. SPORTS ... TENNIS LSU at Knoxville, Tenn., Friday Tennessee at Knoxville, Saturday GOLF Gulf American Classic, Round Three Friday Gulf American Classic, Final Round Saturday BASEBALL Auburn, Perry Field, 3 p.m. Friday Auburn, Perry Field, 2 p.m. Saturday TRACK South Carolina State Record Relays, Columbia, S.C., Saturday RUGBY Georgia in Athens Saturday FOOTBALL Scrimmage open to public, Florida Field, 2:30 p.m. FREE 44 Ole' Delivery Service Mexican 5 til 11 P.M. Campus FoodsS& Sin City Area. ,OLE! $1.50 Minimum IV Phone 376-8416 FSTA Of Favorite Mexican Foods Tacos 29C Rancho Burger 39 Tostad as 29tC* Chili Dogs 39 .Frijoles 29C Mexican Slaw 29 TIR. Mexican Specials Steak Taco 79 Beef Burrito (Neat treat) 49 Jose Chili (Wow ) 39 Tamales (Hot enough) 49 Fiesta Plate (Everything) 99 For Gringos (Amercanized) C Fried Chicken basket 1.09 -Hamburger (Gringo Burger) 49 Ranchitos (corn chips) 15 Hoti says Y'all come BEER BEER BEER Lowest Prices in Gatorland Bud -Busch -Schlitz 162 SW13thSt -(Asvesslrom sin cty), 1 ft CRAIG GOLDWYN CHUCK PARTUSCH Sports Editor Assistant Sports Editor Pape 20, The Florida Alligwor, riday, April 3, 1 970 Li -HOURS WEEKDAYS 8AM -6PM SATURDAY 8AM -1PM 103-ANYTIME BY APPOINTMENT a -, 1"L -w .", q r1, qol j, ;4 The, Florida Alligator -rari -" 

PAGE 21

Friday, April 3,1970, The Floria AllIgtor, Pap 21 RECORDS SET **.*.**.* Baseball's Exciting P.st 4 Of Wheels ............. I CARYL RICHARD BALSAM PLUS PROTEIN 5.00 2 0 VALUE 8 REVLON AQUAMARINE LOTION 2.50 1, 0 VALUE 7 0 -~ & (EDITOR'S NOTE: This is the second in a series about what is good and bad in professional baseball.) By FRED DOWN UPI Sports Writer No game owes more to its poineers than baseball. The recitation o f t h e i r names. .Connie Mack .Ty Cobb ...John McGraw. Christy Mathewson .Walter Johnson and all the rest makes the baseball buffs' spine tingle. But it is an oddity of the old-timers that they tend to rap the modem players and the game they play. This is not true in any other sport. Old-timers in football, basketball and hockey. freely admit that the games have advanced in skill and talent. Baseball people seem to live in the past -as witness the selection of a "greatest team ever" in 1969 which included only one player who had been on the field in the last 28 years. Even so, more fans in more cities are watching a higher grade of competition than ever before in baseball history. THE METS' WORLD championship victory in 1969 was the climax of a decade of spectacular surprises and achievement on the field. It was a decade of expansion which may have been over-enthusiastic and franchise .movement which at times was deplorable. But for entertainment value to the fans -for fun and excitement which is the lifeblood of any sport -it probably was not exceeded in any previous decade. The decade started with a magnificently-exciting world series between the Pittsburgh Pirates and Yankees decided by Bill Mazeroski's famous home run in the 19th inning of the seventh and last game. Then came Roger Maris to top Babe Ruth's home run record in 1961 and Maury Wills to exceed Cobb's one-season stolen base JOIN THE DISCOUNT REVOLUTION REBEL DISCOUNT 1227 W. UNIV. AVE. ACROSS FROM FLAGLER INN SUPER-SIZE 1.3 LBS. TROL SHAVE CREAM 1.50 B VALUE88 WORDBLADES PKG. OF 10 1.59 VALUE 99t performances for pitching greatness. MINNESOTA AND BALTIMORE had their first world series in 1965 and 1966, respectively. Then came the "impossible dream" of 1967 when the Red Sox, ninth in 1966, won their first American League pennant since 1946 after a race which involved four teams with four days left in the season. In 1968, it was the Tigers' turn and they won their first flag since 1945 with the help of a 31-victory performance by Denny McLain. That performance made McLain the major leagues' first 30-game winner since 1934 and offered further statistical proof of the modern players' ability. The 1969 season brought expansion to Montreal and San Diego in the National League and to Seattle and Kansas City in the American League and a new six-teams-in-four-divisions alignment. It's an arrangement many players don't like because it makes winning the post-season playoff more important than winning the world series but it (SEE 'DECADE' PAGE 23) --rWe must be bragging too much about Beechwood Ageing. Because we're startingto get some flak about it. Like, "Beechwood, Beechwood .big deal." And "If Beechwood Ageing is so hot, why don't you tell everybody what it is?" So we will. First, it isn't big wooden casks that we age Budweiser in. But it is a layer of thin wood strips from the beech tree (what else?) laid down in a dense lattice on the U d bottom of our glass-lined and stainless steel lagering tanks. This is where we let Budweiser ferment a second time. (Most brewers quit after one fermentation. We don't.) These beechwood strips offer extra surface area for tiny yeast particles to cling to, helping clarify the beer. And since these strips are also porous, they help absorb beer's natural "edge," giving Budweiser its finished taste. Or in other words, "a taste, a smoothness and a drinkability you will find in no other beer at any price." Iset Ah yes, drinkability. That's what's so specialabout Beechwood Ageing. But you know that. McQueen Films LeMans Actor Steve McQueen, whose second place finish at Sebring last month stunned the racing world, will drive a Porsche 917 at Le Mans with World Driving Champion Jackie Stewart. The car will be prepared and entered by the Gulf-Wyer Team which won the Daytona 24-Hours in February, and will be the basis for McQueen's latest film, "Le Mans.". The Porsche 908, which he drove at Sebring will be used at Le Mans as a camera car, and will be driven in the actual race by two unnamed drivers. IN AN INTERVIEW with Autoweek, a racing MCQUEEN newspaper, McQueen said his aim is to make the best racing film ever, which will tell the story of a single race, from the groundkeepers preparing the pit area to the last car being loaded on the van after the race. Following the race certain drivers and racing teams will remain to film sequences which, because of saftey reasons, can not be done during the race. McQueen's camera crew shot 30,000 feet of film at last year's Le Mans. "We won't be using any of it in the movie," said McQueen in the interview "It was the only way I could get anybody to understand what I wanted in the film." * GAINESVILLE DRAGWAY has been chosen as the Track of the Year in the Southeastern Division of the National Hot Rod Association, at a banquet in Atlanta last week. This division includes tracks in eight states. Jim Raulerson, owner of the track, was pleased with the award which is presented annually. The drivers voted to determine the winner, and Gainesville received 99 per cent of the votes. Raulerson feels that Gainesville stands agood chance at capturing the National Track of the Year title in September. Gainesville Dragway will begin a regular be-monthly program of races next weekend. THE SEBRING 12-hour Endurance Race, which took place in Central Florida two weeks ago, will be broadcast on ABC's Wide World of Sports Saturday. record in 1962. From 1963 through 1966 Sandy Koufax turned in some of the most r e m a r k a blIe p i t c h i n g performances the game has even known including three no-hitters (he also pitched another no-hitter in 1962) and all-time marks in eamed run average and strikeouts. Koufax, Jim Funning and Jim Hunter pitched perfect games during the decade. The Yankees' 40-year-old dynasty suddenly crumbled in 1965 paving the way for fans in Minnesota, Balitmore, Boston and Detroit to enjoy the thrills of hosting a world series. It marked the first time ever for the fans in Minnesota and Baltimore, the first time in 21 years for the fans in Boston and the first time in 23 years for the fans in Detroit. The decade of competitive uncertainty may also have produced the greatest world series pitcher of 'em all in the Cardinals' Bob Gibson. Just a n o t h e r hard-throwing right-hander when he won 19 games for the Cardinals in 1964, Gibson rose to greatness in the world series. He won two games in the 1964 series, three in the 1967 classic and two more in the 1968 renewal for an overall 7-2 won-lost record, a 1.89 ERA and single-game strikeout record of 17. Only former Yankee pitchers Lefty Gomez and Allie Reynolds could seriously challenge Gibson's world series RECORDS-CARDS-SCHOOL SUPPLIES DIKQUNT FILM & DEVELOPING Budweiser is the King of Beers. (But you know that.) ANHEUSER-BUSCH INC. .ST. LOUIS .NEWARK .LOS ANGELES .TAMPA .HOUSTON .COLUMBUS 0 JACKSONVILLE 9. Ti : .:: .::.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::-::::::::::::: b Y -5B0bITh om as:: What's so Specia1 about Beechwood Ag9ein g? 

PAGE 22

Pap 22, The Flo AN%ser, FrMy, Apr1 3, 1970 /OILER DIRIY: by Gina Schramm MAYHEM ON WHEELS It sounded like a freight train clickity-clacking down the track when I first entered the Jacksonville Coliseum Sunday nih'. .katers were in a line, going through precision warm-up exercises, and looking so graceful and relaxed that it was hard to believe that these were the same people we watched on TV being so rough and vicious. FOR THE NOVICES, like me, announcer Don Drewry had the two teams, the Oakland Bay Bombers and Northeast Braves, give demonstrations of the starting' lineups, knee blocks and leg blocks. When the action started, it was difficult to keep up with every move, and once the jamming started -it was almost impossible. Elbows, arms, legs, bodies and skates were all used as defensive and offensive weapons, and it seemed to me that "anything goes" was the appropriate term to apply. THE SPECTATORS definitely favored the Bombers and booed the Braves on every score. Bodies flew out of the arena, which was an oval track, banked on the curves, and tempers started flaring as the teams went round and round. The women's team drew the most reaction from the crowd. They fight and yell (words not printable) even among their teammates. The men skate the fastest and somehow it seemed they also are the cleanest "fighters." ROLLER DERBY teams use all sorts of stunts to score. We saw one Bomber, Larry Smith, leap over two of his opponents when they were trying to block him. They push opponents in the rail, they try to knock them off their balance by shoving and hitting any part of the body, and at times even stomp with their skates when they fall down. The reaction of the spectators was almost as good as the actual contest on the floor. The shouted to the players who had been knocked out of the rink. They laughed when some player who had been real nasty on a previous jam got clobbered. Cries of "Hit 'em! Hit 'em," came from all around us. I WAS SITTING next to Mrs. Juanita Fisher, housewife from Jacksonville, who told me that about the only fights she and her husband have are on Saturdays when the Derby is on TV. "I've been watching on TV every Saturday and I'm ready to fight right along with them when it starts," Mrs. Fisher said. Her reaction seemed to be typical of the other women in the stands. ONE BIT OF excitement came at the end of the half, just before the teams left the rink. Ken Monte of the Bombers and Allen Littles of the Braves got into a verbal battle that erupted into Monte swinging a chair. I thought that this fight was just for the benefit of the spectators, until it carried on throughout the contest. Tempers continued to flare and the action got faster and faster, more furious and vicious. There were always resounding thumps on the floor when a skater was taken down. It all ended up with the Bombers winning 49 to 44, with Braves high scorers Maureen O'Brien, 8 points, and Allen Littles, 14. Bombers high scorers were Mike Gammon, 11, and Joan Weston, Francine Cochu and Delores Tucker all scoring 5. THE ANNOUNCER, Drewry, made the contest even more exciting by his blow-by-blow description of the action. He got louder and louder as tension and excitement mounted, and at times was yelling into the mike. When an old pro like that gets excited, you just know that this contest was on the level and these people really lose their tempers and get nasty. One of the members of the Braves' team was most -unpopular with the spectators and kept making obscene gestures towards them. Whenever he got knocked down, the crowd roared its approval and he reciprocated by using the gesture and curse words. The sport is just 35-years old and last year the total gate in the San Francisco area was close to one. If you don't like action and excitement, don't go to see. a Roller Derby. As for me, I'll be at the next one. I liked it! 'JAMMERS' "Jammers" are the only main scorers. They have 60 seconds to leave the "pack" of 10 players and skate around the ring and break through the rear ranks of the opposition. Each team has two jammers, .two "blockers" and a "pivot man." They are distinguished by the color helmet they wear. Pivot men have been known to score, but blockers cannot. The game is played in two halves, each with four alternating 12-minute periods of men and women. Rule violations are rewarded with one to two minute stints in the penalty box, leaving the team one man short. orU your' PLEASURE COLONIZATION 3 Guns -Guns -Guns 2 AM SMOKER -Inventory over 500. Buy Monday, April 6 Sell -Trade -Repair. for information Call: .Reloading supplies, Layaway 372-0038 or 378-6568 plan. Harry Beckwith, gun after 2 P.M. dealer, Micanopy. 466-3340. SUMMER EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (IN MAJOR FLORIDA CITIES) ARE YOU MONEY HUNGRY ??? DO YOU LIKE GIRLS??? Let us help you satisfy BOTH interests! Our company will train college men to present our investment plan to single. employed girls in major Florida cities this summer. Those selected may start parttime now. EARN $100 TO $175 WEEKLY Qualifications: Men or women 18-28 years of age; must be net, personable,1own a car, and be willing to work evenings. Interview: Thursday, April 2,4)0 PM RQT 1y pit Vniw GINA SCHRAMM .journalist and sports fan -l I dA 1 

PAGE 23

Frdey, Apr1 3, 1970, The Flor d Amilepr, Pap 23 SECOND YEAR Intramurals Arme COLUMBIA, S.C. (UPI) The Armed Forces All-S :::: 5S:: : y ev Rohan!.-. .successful defended their A BLUE REVIEW: When the Blue League opens tennis and golf action next week, the Ci Phis will be on to of the league sporting an 86 point lead. According to ChiPhi intramural chairman Bill Carter however, "we're not going to be able to coast into the President's Cup despite the lead. The third quarter is traditionally our weakest quarter and we can only hope to do better." THE CHI PHI tennis team was hurt by the loss of veteran Terry Hersey to graduation. The Chis can only hope that the remaining teams in the league will knock each other off. The Chi golf team will be selected from veterans Bruce Weeks and Marty Purvis, and new brother Jim Cole. Only two will be able to compete. Another weak spot for the Chis will be track where they have always done poorly. Only all around stars Steve Kaufman and Bruce Weeks are expected to finish .high. Both will be competing in the broad and high jumps. THE CHII PIS, like the Betas in the Orange League, will be looking to softball as the clinching sport. The Chis won the softball championship last year and with the bulk of last years team returning are expected to do well again. With the dominance that the Chi Phis have been able to achieve over the Blue League, has come the question of whether the Chis will ever move into the Orange League. The building of a new house on Fraternity Row has heightened the speculation. After controlling the Blue League for many years, the Lambda Chi Alphas moved into the Orange League and had some degree of success. Unlike sorority intramurals where achievement determines league, the fraternities are placed into the leagues on a strict membership basis with the 16 fraternities going into the Orange League. Decade Of Baseball Maybe. But then how do you FROM PAG2 account for the rise in golf's popularity during the sixties? brought the fun and excitement And how can a sport that to four cities instead of two at attracted 27.5-,illion fans in the end of the season and few 1969 and more than 220-million fans were heard to knock. in the last decade be dying -or Besides, the post-season playoff even sick? system, in one form or another, One man's answer is that has been common in pro baseball isn't sick at all. It has its football, basketball and hockey problems just as it has had for years, so why knock it when problems -some of them the baseball adopts it? same as today -throughout its It seemed that nothing could first 100 years. Baseball is happen in 1969 to top the advancing into the 1970s with surprises that already had serious problems -but problems occurred during the decade but which will not badly damage the the Mets had the all-time popularity or the prestige of the whopper up their sleeves. Nine game. games begind the Chicago Cubs That's the way it was in the in August, the Mets won the first 100 years of baseball, too. National League's Eastern Division title with a great stretch run and beat the Atlanta Braves Karate Class in three straight games in the playoff. Then, incredibly, they Free karate classes for beat the Orioles in five games beginners are being given by the and won the world series. Department of Intramurals this WHAT MORE COULD the spring. All interested male fans want of a game than they students and faculty members got from baseball during the are invited to meet at the south sixties? The argument that the end of the gym basement quality of play has deteriorated between 4 and 6 p.m. Monday, is absurd; there are five good Wednesday or Friday next week. players today for every one good player is baseball's old days. Is it true that interest in baseball is declining because -it is Slow-paced compared to proF orida football, basketball and hockey? Expert r 0 is 1i,'CngColie Registration Weel in the Plaza or calk d tars kAU N a ti o nal B a sk-etb all Championship Wednesday, but not without a battle from the scrappy Columbia Sertoma team. The All-Stars, .which beat previous tournament opponents by an average of more than 40 points per game, barely slipped by host Columbia in overtime NIXON OUT .tagged by Senate VP Benched WASHINGTON (UPI) The White House -reshuffled its line-up and benched Vice President Spiro T. Agnew as President Nixon's stand-in at the ceremonial opening of the baseball season Monday. Instead of being at the ball park when the Detroit Tigers and Washington Senators take the field, Agnew will be presiding over the Senate when a vital vote on the Supreme Court nomination of Judge G. Harrold Carswell takes place. SHOULD THERE BE a tie vote on a move to table and kill -a liberal motion to send the Carswell nomination back to committee, Agnew would cast the deciding vote. Nixon had announced Tuesday that because -of his own heavy schedule he was assigning the Vice President to throw out the opening pitch to open the 1970 season. Deputy Press --Secretary Gerald L. Warren quipped "as you know most managers don't disclose -their opening day pitcher this far in advance." mental )ge k: March 31-April 4 of the Americas 76-7539 (9-4PM) 76-8044 (4-midnight) Stars Win AAJ 77-76 on a free throw by Rod of Furman, the Sertomas fought McDonald. back and went ahead with six -COLUMBIA, MADE up of minutes left in the game. Atlantic Coast Conference seniors, trailed the All-Stars The Armed Forces came back 41-32 at halftime. Behind the and held a six-point lead 70-64 shooting of South Carolina's with just 50 seconds left in the Bobby Crimins and Joe Brunson game. First Black Coach PULLMAN, WASH. (UPI) -Washington State University has hired its first black football coach. He is Roosevelt Ellerbe Jr., currently on the football staff at Sacramento City College, Calif. HEAD COACH Jim Sweeney said Ellerbe will join the Cougar staff April 6 and will be assigned to coaching linebackers. Ellerbe, a native of Youngstown, OHio, was a defensive back during his collegiate days at Iowa State University. HE WAS DRAFTED by the Washington Redskins and Kansas City Chiefs in 1965 and played briefly with the Redskins. Ellerbe, whose wife, Patricia, is a physical education teacher, coached at two high schools before going to Sacramento City College two years ago. SWINGERS THE SELECT PLACE New Swinger Bar and Cocktail Lounge Only 18 Minutes From Gainesville At Williston DANCE SWING THE CAVE ROOM THE POLYNESIAN ROOM THE PSYCHEDELIC ROOM Your INCOME TAX is due APRIL 15 JUST A FRIENDLY REMINDER CAMPUS TAX SERVICE $4 and up LOCATED AT REBEL DISCOUNT 372-8309 1227 W. UNIV. (NOT 0000 WITH ANY OI COUPON LARGE PIZZA ONLY 1723 S.W. 13th 2109 N.W. 13th Sal* Good April 2-15 with coupon 

PAGE 24

Pals 24, The Florida Al~ltor, Friday, April 3, 1970 3OXANZA SIflLOIN PIT BONANZA "Congratulates the Player of the Week Come get your FREE STEAK DINNER" Take Out 378-0946 auto imports 506 E. University Ave. 872-4383 'THERE IS ONLY ONE' 2445 S.W. 13 ST. OPEN DAILY-FROM 11-9 PM COST PRICES ON THESE CARS NEW THIS WEEK 1. 1970 ROVER 3500S $6180 $5070 2. 1970 BMW 2002tape deck 4200 3700 3. 1970 FIAT 850 -radio -convertible 2380 2090 4. 1970 VOLVO 164 -air -tape dok -autonat5c 220 4470 THESE CARS ONLY! THIS WEEK ONLY Auterted -TrIumph -MG -Flat -Roar-WM -Veo -Austn HERE'S WHA T WE GOTI Your choice of juicy, tender Bonanza steaks, chicken, fish, and our famous V1b. Bonanzaburger Deluxe -100% beef, French Fries, salad, pickle and chicklets -.79 Our steaks are served with a steaming-hot, buttery baked potato, Texas toast, and a cool, crisp, green salad. Bunkhouse Special -lb. 100% chopped beef -1.29 Rib Eye -6 oz., tender cut steak -1.59 Sirloin Strip -11 oz., savory, hearty meat, a big seller -1.99 Top Hand -a 15 oz. T-bone for a huge, rugged appetite -2.99 CHECK US .for your needs PLAYER of the WEEK Ron Mahood The spring quarter's first Player of the Week is golfer Ron Mahood for his outstanding performance in winning the individual title at the Miami Invitational Golf Tournament. Mahood's impressive victory over a large field of top college golfers was his first in tournament play for the Gators. Prior to winning the Miami title Mahood had won several amateur titles, including qualifying for the U. S. Amateur Open. Mahood won Player of the Week over a strong field of UF athletes including trackmen John Parker who set -a new record in the mile, Roger Carson who won two events in track and Ron Jourdan who high-jumped 7-2 the first time this year and Larry Sheffield who pitched a one-hitter. Campus shop &Booksore .Iocated in the HUB MONDAYFRIDAY 8-8 SATURDAY 9-12 BRAMCSTORES-us" al Ca6e VORON-CAMPUS STORE' bfoward, Trl Shop, Towee, and toe Uudon --~ a r Textbooks -New and Used Architectural Equipment Art Supplies Study Lamps College Seals Mascot Stationary Complete Film Service Florida T-Shirts Check Cashing Service 1*3 1* IL -I I I I W6 
