
PAGE 1

The Independent FloridaAlligator "nihe b ia usCornuncons n Go e F F do Not ofiilyoass oted w~th h Un rsyoFnd Shooting witness discounts reports from drug agency By DAVID KLEIN AllIsltr Managing Edit. and TERRI WOOD Alligator Staff Writ.r. An eyewitness to the Monday shooting of Scott Conmil said Wednesday he didn't see Canjil strike either of the two federal drug enloremnent agents who arrested him. According to Danny Joiner, an eyewitness who saw the arrest and subsequent scuffling from Bonnie's Restaurant on the corner of NW 10th Ave. and 2nd Street, the agents had nabbed Camil and 'were trying to hold hi," inside their ear. JOINER discounted the federal Drug Enforcement Administration's' reports that Canuil had given "several karate chops on the neck" of an agent who was placing Canii under arrest. A spokesman for the federal agency said., Camil strunled from the fruit seat with the agent in. the back seat who told Canil he was under arrest. During the struggle. Camil reportedly grabbed the agent's RUtt hand, causing it to lire and wound him. according to Ted Swift, the aaencyis public information officer. "I DIDW'T see him (Cauil) deliver any lows or anything.' Joiner said. "They were grabbing for him, he was trying to get away," Joiuier said. When shot at about 4:3O p.m. Camil had his back to both drug agents and was trying to Met out the front door of the car, Joiner said. HE SAID Camil had the door partially open, but added. "I don't think he ever got his feet out." According to a statement released by Michael Oliver. one of the Ibunders of the Vietnam Veterans Against the War and a friend of Canmil's. the two agents shot Camil while holding hin, in the car. The statement, which Oliver claimed was information given him by Camil when he saw hini Wednesday. said one of the agents "violently shoved a gun into his ear and said. 'Move and I'll blow your head off'" The statement said Camil then unlocked the car door and tried to leave. One agent grabbed has hand., according to the statement, and the other agent then shot him. The statement also said Camil informed the p0l1cc when they arrived that he was a disabled veteran and requested he be taken to the Vtterans Administration Hospital. (See 'Canail,' page ten) S&JMP CROP -ht by ha *j~ ..Mrions horvmstoakng-aedmarlIucno plant SCanTCAAAIL resting in hospital 'Soe ofaestors par of fria utr By LINDA WISNIEWSKI AllIgator Staff Writer A person can run into problems while conducting a survey on marijuana use in South Africa. as one UF professor found out. "I advertised for research assistants (to helpconduct the survey) in a paper in South Africa,"'Dr. Brian Dutoit, associate professor of anthropology, said. "This one guy camne In who knew absolutely everything -if there had to be an ideal research assistant, it was him. I thought'man,. this is just too good to be trite,' so I had him checked out. He was a cop,' Duwoit said. DUTOIT RECEIVED a Sll6.XIO Mrant rnm the National Institute of Drug Abuse to 'tudy the "socio-cultural' aspects of cannabis use Iimong Africans. East Indians. mulattos. und whites in South Atrica. "in either wAords, we studied who uses the dirti, tinder ,.hat conditions they use it, what arc their patterns and justifications tbr use. ,and what ire their networks for supply. Duroit said. "Cannabis" is the scientific name or marijuana and other drugs belonging to the hashish bam,,ly. he said. THE NATIVE SOUThi AFRICAN collected data from "about 200" African 'ubjects w.ho wAcre asked their background and history of their cannabis use, and he returned to UF in September after spending nearly two years in Africa preparing his study. Dutoit's findings show basically in groups there there is a long history of cannabis being the list drug used, as with the A fricans and East Indians, there is not a great extent of other drug use. In .groups including whites and mulattos where alcohol was the first drug used, there iwas a tendency for people to go ot to other types of drugs. Dutoit said. The use of cannabi. among Africans is 'extremely high" because it has bee, built into the African culture. and Africans do not understand whv cannabis is against the law, he aid. TUE DRUG LAWS I. South Africa are stricter than the laws here in America, Dutoit r-he law, which is governed by the A buse of DepenidenceProducing Substances and Rehabilitative Centers Act, calls for five year imprisonment for using cannabis the first time. A person is sentenced to I 5 years in prison bor 'trarneing' or selling cannabis. Dutoit said. The identities of the persons interviewed in the study were kepy anonymous so that "if' the cops ever busted us -,.hich they iiever did they would never be able to get any Information on the people 'e interviewed," Dutoit said. DUTOIT ADMITTlED that many of the interviews wecre conducted ,4hsIe people Were actually smoking and that clearance for the interviews began as far hack as 1971. "In 1971 I went right to the top -to the conmmtisioner ol police mn Pretoria, which is like your FRI. I explained wAhat the research "as about, and that It was a responsible. academic undertaking. I even drafted the letter that the South African secretary of istice signed,' Dutoit said. After getting permission bor the interviews Iromi the South African government, the academicc admissions' (the university in Natal) and finally the police. Dutoit and his research teams were issued "queer pink cards'' that they could show the police in case they nere questioned which "notified them of the research we were conducting and told then, to lay ofT.' Dutoit said. IT WAS WHILE advertising for research assistants to help him with his study that Dutoit ran into the policeman who tried to infiltrate the ranks of the research group. "It turned out he was a member of a select viae squad in South Africa who gets into the 'Ahole drug scene. Obviously, he hoped that he could get in (our fanearch project) and expose sonmc of the people in the drug rackst." Dutoit said. Dutolt admitted it was "hard in the beginning" to get people to submit to being interviened, since the Interview, were con(See 'Marijuana' page eleveul T1'11 ASH AY -iii-.17 VOL.67 NO. 105 

PAGE 2

Pug. I lb.nepnde Imdw.da.~ Migler,. 1Imsday, 4pd12 975W Ford rules c PALM SPRINGS. Calif. (UPI) -The White House ruled our Wednesday any American bombing to aid South Vietnam's collapsing military forces. "The law forbids it. The President's inclinations are against it. And he has no plans to do it." Press Secretary Ron Ness.,, told a news conference at Ford's holiday resort. "The President has a geat deal of sympathy and compassion for the Vietnamese people. He continues to feel this (Communist onslaught) is a gross violation of the Parm Peace Accord and, like any civilized person, he is greatly distressed."Nessen said. Congress passed a law a, June of 1973 cutting off U.S. military activity of any kind in Southeast Asig as of Aug. I5 of that year. Thene 'as no indication from Nessen and the other senior aides mustered in Palm Springs on what Paid will decide the Miam i doctor s th reaten sr ike MIAMI (UPI) -A roup of Dade County physicians, threatening to strike later this niotth to protest %O*Tiflg malpractice insurance costs, will take their Grievances before legislators in Tallahassee next week. About I5O physicians attending a mietting of the 2.700 member Dade C ou ntiy M e diac al Association Tuesday night voted to strike April I5S unless the state legislature acts to provide relief from the high cost of manlpractice insurance. which has doubled since the first of the year and is expected to go up another 30 per cent in mid-April. The doctors, who said they would handle only emergency cases after April IS. also voted to travel to Tallahassee April 9. a day after the legislature opens its 1975 session. to demonstrate in front of the state capitol. The limited strike vote drew criticism Wednesday from House Commerce Committee Chairman John Forbes and some 'enior citizens' groups concerned that the elderly would be most affected by a walkout. aid to Viets iut bombing U S. should do about Indochina. Deputy Press Secretary John Hushen. asked for Ford's .,ews on Vice President Nelson Rocketeller% statement Wednesday then 'as nothing the U1.S. could do to help the South Vietnamese. snid. "The vice president ,.as expressing his own views."' Hushen said that as far as aides kne,. Ford and Riockefeller had not bee., in communication ,&ith each other on Vietnam during the past few days. Ultimatum to Fis cher AMSTERDAM (UPn) -The International Chess Federation Wednesday Rave superstar Bobby Fischer 27 more hours to answer its ultimatum: 'Defend your title or lose it'" The new deadline: 3 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time Thursday. or 6 A.M. EDT. The battle of wills between the arrogant world champion and the prestigious chess organization involves a new rule on tie games demanded by Fischer,. At stake is his title and a record SS million world championship purse for a June match. The winner would take home S3.I2S.O0. Airline would cut fares if daily flights approved World Airways. which has been thrust into the world spotlight by its daring rescue of Vietnam refugees and orphans. asked the Civil Aeronautics Board Wednesday to let it begin daily coast-to-coast flights costing passengers only 5%6.t Approval of the request would slash the one-way cost of transcontinental air travel more than one third below present coach fares. The big airline -the world's largest supplemental earrner and the third largest U.S. carrier operating internationally tied its bargain basement fare proposal to a request for permission to become a regularly scheduled U.S. airline. 14tJA 3505 SW AR CH ER R D. Open 1U am 8 pm daily -. We handle special order These prices are constant THEY ARE NOl HEAD Lettuce ._. 29c BASKET Iomatoes.39c US NO. I REG. Potatoes.,solb bag $300 LARGE Dannon Yogurt. 35c SPECIALS. Stork RORIOA: BASKET Strawberries. LARGE Mush roa ms.b.$ [SNO. 1 REG. v'otataes. Sib. JUMBO 3J 59c P12 35c Eggs .o.69 c LARGE BROWN Eggs .doz. 79 C -== ThIs weeksnd only! --= --Bea P1caruseChuapur Complete line of fresh fruits and vegetables toward Saigon SA IGON ( UP) -Advancing Communist forces threatened Saigon from two directions Wednesday. Convoy of panicky refugees and soldiers fleeing the Communist blitzkrieg down the cust coast reached the outskirts of this capital city. Heavy fighting was reported around Xuan Iac. 38 wiles east of Saigo. where the Communists cut key Highway I.LU. Gen. Cao Van Vien, South Victnan's top general, told the troops in anorderof the day:"'We have only one way and that is to fight for our survival. The hIstoric hour has conic." Government troops and most civilians pulled out of the coastal cities of Phan Rang and Phan Thiet Wednesday as Irightened refugees poured down Highway I headed south. military sources said. South Vietnam's senate unanimously passed resolution demanding a change in leadership of the South Vietnamese government. It blamed the woverment of President Nguyen Thieu and the U.S. for the stamerrng series of defeats that have given the Conmunhsts more than two-thirds of the country. In Paris. the Viet Cong's provisional revolutionary government made it clear its military forces will press ahead with their offensive and march on Saigon unless flieu' regime is overthrown. Dinh Ba Thl. the Viet Cang's chief negotiator in France, told a news conference that the Communists were ready to opel, immediate talks with a new Saigon administration that '.ould replace Thieu. n 

PAGE 3

Th. ladependen, RIoId. AJIlgar, Thuredoy. Apr11 3, 1975. P.g.3 AMoffitt bill strips SG's fee control Ar prga oih TOdd Walker. photoerapher-prlntniaker otnd UJF art instructor, will give a slide presentation and lecture on his work today, April 3. at 8 p.m. The presentation will be held in Lecture Hall lO5-B across from the University Gallery, followed by a reception and opening ol an exhibition of Walker's art in the art department teaching gallery. THE EXHIUNT includes photographs. screenprints and offset lithographs from the artist's collection and also a group of advertisement images done during Walker's career as a commercial photographer in Los Angeles. According to Walker. the exhibit is "a retrospective show of work done over a period of many years." Walker's art will be on display for four weeks in the teaching gallery which is located in Room 302. Building C. of the Architecture and Fine Arts Comiplex. The gallery is open weekdays from 9 am. to noon anid from I p.m. to 5 p.m. The lecture and exhibit are both free to the public. By DEBBIE IBERT Alligator Staff Writer A bill to split the Activty arnd Service Fee lund io two separately controlled funds prolposcs to reduce St udent Governmenit 01CCe n the allocation ot the tecs Rep. Lee Moffift. D-'ampa, ,'ho filed the b'dl last month, said "students should,', have absolute control over hinds going to campus service agencies. His bill would create two separate funds an activity let fund under SG control, and a 'ervice lee fund allocated by the admiinistration under normal university budgetary procedures. A LAW PASSED by the Florida Legislature last year gave student governments at state universities the right to control allocation of activity ands'ervice fees collected from students. Currently, the UF Student Senate allocates the fees after hearing recommendations from the Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee (ASFAC). The allocations made by SG must be approved by UF President RMarton canrsto any fee allocation he considers unsound, but when re-allocating the money he can only channel the funds into three areas: Student Health Services, the Athletic Association, and paying off bond obligations. UNDER MOFFITT'S BILL, SG would only allocate the activity fund, with Marston exercising the same veto power over decisions. The president would not longer have the authority to re-allocate activity fees into services. Moffiti said. However, the ad~iinistration would have full control over the separate service fee fund, he said. The proposed measure would have a Officials seek exemptions from act By STUART EMMRICHB Alligator Staff Writer UFP officials, now in the process of com.plying with the complicated and controversial Administrative Procedures Act (APA), are attempting to obtain somic exceptions froni the act. The APA requires state agencies to give three weeks advance notice of meetings where official action takes place. Agendas have to be made available seven day. before the The APA also requires writte, justification for each rule adopted by the affected agencdes. OFFICIALS FROM the J. Hullis Muler Health Center. the Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences (WPAS). .nd AcademIc Affairs attended lejlslatlve seminars during the past two weeks to discuss the psblans Up is facing in trying to comply with the A PA. UiF officials complained about the time and codt involved in the complete re~enamlnatlwn of operating policies mandated by the APA requirements. Some of the exceptions UP officials proposed at recent meetings of the Joint Administrative Procedures Committee include Student Government agencies, admissis procedures, departmental matters and internal staff meetings,. ROKERT BRYAN, interim vice president for academic affairs, said his office has requested exemptions for curricular matters so that public hearings would not have to be held each time a course was dropped or a new one created. He also said the act should not apply to grade petitions of students. "We would never get anything done" if these areas all came under the APA. Bryan said, explaining too much time would be involved. Issues brought up by IFAS and healhh canter officials include problems in federal funding that could be caused by the restraints of th. act, and policies that Involve only patleuit servIces, according to Brian Andermo, a staff member of the legislatIve commnittee. ANDERSON SAID the committee will not make any recommendations to the legislature about possible exceptions until it has received the written reports from UF and "had a chance to study them." "We have to analyze both sides of the question and see what tangible reasons there might be for any exceptions." Anderson said. Bryan said the written proposals were sent out Wednesday afternoon. Meanwhile. UP officials said they still are not sure exactly what should be done to comply with the APA. DRYAN SAID they are waiting for a report on the APA from UP attorney Tom Bings. expected sonmc time this week. UF and other state universities were told Feb. 27 by Chancellor Robert Maftz that compliance should come before the end of April'. But Maut: said Wednesday that the deadline would not be strictly enforced as long as UF showed a "good faith effort" to comply as soon as possible. (Icsastat ing nhjpact 01, Stude~nt input imto t he Iccision-imaking jroCe5s 0$ allocating student Ices," SG, Ireasurer Greg Sherman said. SHERMAN STRONGLY opposed the bill lwecauwe he said it would 'take away SG authority over a here student service tees go." In the category of activities, SG would j11,wate funds for general student necds. student organizations such a' SO and the College Couocis, and publications. Control over the service tees would be shifted from SG to the university budgetary process administered by the president. However, the bill says the process would include recommendations from~ student government associations. flh admmnistration-controlled service fee liind would include: intercollegiate athletics. health services, placement activities, student union facilities, recreational services. professional counselors, bonded debts, and certain academic support services. EACH STUDENT NOW pays 52.27 from tuition into the Activity and Service Fee fund. At its March meeting, the Board of Regents recommended that the amount be reduced to $2.14. If two separate funds are created, the regents would be responsible for dividing the fees between a service and an activity hind REP. MOFFITT said an amendment has been suggested which would let the university presidents determine the amount of fees to go into the activity fund. "Most of the money '.ould probably go into the service fund," he said. Sen. Robert Graham. fl-Miami Lakes. and autho, of the bill giving student governments control over activity and services fees, said 'the people who pay these fees -the students -should have control over their utilization. He said he would be "reluctant to change the present policy.' PRESIDENT MARSTON said he was proposed bill, he declined to comment on it. Moffltt said the bill was not intended to eliminate student governments from participatitig in the allocation of fees"SG oujht to have control over the activity le. but should not have absolute control over service fees," he said. HE STRESSED that the allocation of the service fees would include student input. Moffitt said the purpose of the bill is to "mrate stability for those services with longterm commitniejts to full time staffs (operating) in permanent facilities," by taking the funding of such services out of the hands of "studeuit governments which change every year. Moffitt said the University of Sooth Florida first brought the probleni to his attention last June. but he was not familiar with details. Graham. who is also chairman of the Senate Education Committee, said USF had funded "a significant number of positions in counseling and guidance using student service fes. The USF admlnistratiai that became concerned that the students might decide not to fund them." Warfare chemicals employed in U F experiments Dy LAURIE FOX AMpser.SOC Wdhr Lawislte and mustard gas, extremely toxic chemIcal., have bee. sued i espwrmeuats on rabbits by UP phanuacy profeo Dr. Chades A. Becker. The gas., wsed Is chemical warfare. w Innmestal In developIng an eltective eye qiniuitbaae to be used as an antidote agilet heavy metal vapars cc liquid. Decksr said. ACCORDING TO DCKED, the cintunt developed wHi not be used -s pest of a chemical warfare arsenal. Its parpa., if ever comnerdallted, would be as a treatment again heavy metal contaminants baund In the eye by way of pollution or accident, he added. The p'ohec. which began four years afo,. was fended by the United States Anny Medical REseank and Dsvelopmeut Canwand under a 5250.00K grant. CONTROVERSY OVER TUE emperimeate began when Congressman .as AspI. a Wincnie democrat, called fhi as hivsibnes Into the s Sty wrocu. mied by the Ansi, In trauspertahmemi warfbre su but amEs Ueeker stressed that whet. was no danger of the chumleals msaplaa, either In ranspordatdo or laboratory use. If the chemicals escaped. the effects would be determined by the concentuatlon of the chemical. Becker said. DREATNED IN AN OPEN field, mustard gas would have a tauipomay immoblltlng edhect, In its liquid form, the chaulcal could bun' completely through. he said. During transportation, time 12 ounces of Lawisite and mustard gas were -u Into tubas and then placed in thuee-quatrs-of-a-chthick steel cylinders. The three-and-a-half Vest hII cylinders locked with smte oads and surronded by wood sidings, Becher said. The chemicals were shipped from Maryland to FlorIda on an Army aircraft at a codt of 580,0K. DiCIER SAID tiht security measure ,.ere saken once the materials reached the lab. Special security locks were placed on the floor, with Humited number of keys made. Duriuig the day, the lab was locked and checked by Becker. At sniht, a guard chucked the lab every two hours. Becker said. All aprons and gloves used during the experiments were antuuiats absr -s to preest even the slghtest ea rn ecksr sat, "WEATIVER CU3MCALU were ISt oner each day were descmtamhsutd wihk sodium hydroalde," Becker said. The whole poedune fhr suhig the chemicals was approved fSr -s by the Vederal govennmest, he said. 

PAGE 4

Pg 4, The Independent Modd. AMigo'. Thur-day. ApdI 3, 197$ UdaI h gh ghts Accent program By MICHAEL BRADLEY Allgator Staff Wrter Former Secretary of the Interior Stewart Udall w ill be the highlight of the sprinM quarter prorams of Accent '76. Udall. who served under President Johnson and simce has been active in environmental atfairs, will speak on May 14 durmnR Earth Week. THE ACCENT SERIES begins Thursday with "Who enthusiatic repnehen itswds presentediat UP last vest Ihe program will be conducted by journalist Bob Katz at 8 p.m. on the Plan. A question and answer session with Katz is tentatively 'cheduled tbr 10 a-r. also on the Plaza. "W C. Fields, 80 Proof.' a theatrical presentation Ieatiirin actor Richard Paul ii classic scenes from the comedian's life and films, is set for April 16 at 8 p.m. in the University Auditorium. FORMER U.S. CONGRESSWOMAN Martha Griffiths. (irifinahly scheduled tbr A pril 8. cancelled her talk to attend a shareholders nieetina. Cindy Shellenbgerger. student iwvernmnent director of women's affairs, said. This leaves Accent with no female speaker (or sping Iquartet. but Shellenberfer said. "I will definitely get a woman speaker." Shellenbhrger said Florynce Kennedy. a black lawyer, poet and woman activist known for her barbed quotes. is a possible., irep1a canmnt. Knnedy would cost Sl.00O plus expenses, Shehlenberger SHELLENBEUGER SAID if she could not get Kennedy. she would approach a television journalist. "I really don't want someone who is the wife of someone. like Eleanor McGovern or Ethel Kennedy. I want someone ,aho's made it on her own." she said. f1 yo. wear Itt y uiause Iuthuhthumuab, a-Si Kalst1Eardh Shoes I W. University Ave. U I. ~ Pb 1d AMiSar I. palcsb.n S Can., L~. SW*W Ma.WS a ~a n.Sh ces4.e. W i p*IIt'S fin -woolly .~ dun.g J.s. My. s~d Mg. iS. Vs MtS a.s-wsa,. ad 'n.e s.~i blijeys s.d .p.'.6.~S.bs .q'a.d Ia *o ia.~m.aih.t 481 .*aMA. adele,. a' ~.i.n f Wi, in*Ia ad -AtWi.ayS *bI& A. .wnd k *0 hed~aaSe p i.e AhgSw. Mtin ~svamdwc le me k.ap.n*e. n.w. I6gfl Pt U.~ 1St tMWby Sidle. Gad .a. 'Ia1d SO' -The ifldWbWt ii. IS AJflSW steed uteri d n, oslO. Ufleled 5-. he 0111mw o.4b,~a Sot S.*.c*I. -i. en p. ~. -flps a ma uaMww a. provided 0n"# .,ud.vw ~. n.w.w hr A. saws. .0*0 UCI.* .4 P1cM. me bAp~di# P It, IS Ailhffor ,.een. die fiv.4 -roga. S. iwouwbmdc.4 -all S.ee#uw.wds end l rel.tr w. wy all c~ k ei~s .~. ~0 The adepondest flwld M wifins c.lS, S$LSWnflh pew.he ny ~a'.est. IanIvq Iw.uAIcal rinnnee~.Ind6ensfiue.SlCel. 0' We S~hWt*4 maw wan (I) de~ aler *0 ednnta.en. q.a The k.Sp*Aan Pbkh Mllg. wit' -be rwo.lb'e for maw *5% -InGeSted motel .4 -adv a,' lso.a.4 theduled flM' n4W lmflqe. 1 -PnDURING C 6 SPR ING per week Mach3 $6 QTR FOB ONLY .5 per qtr. -June 6 CALL CIRCULATION 378 146NW SHUB YOU GET MORE IN THE SUN TODA .~to Ln Complete AP and New York Tlints Wire Help gflpee pot eh Prestigious New York Tines Weekly a yourself by eComplete local and Natial Coverage Review elp in g others" -x -.r. -...;* U STORE COUPO; a SecdaIOffer~i.l~ek ba.-. mm rva Htand-rumru,$wakfgmCayp. U Ofe J u dany m 5Ah~ ,i. c.dtu 1p.m day. ~i (viTue&AlIhgAlpSku& A. N *om aaa=ani=aaaniui. 1432 WEST UNIVERSITY AVENUE STUDENT SPECIAL DELIVERED TO YOUR ROOM MONDAY THRU SATURDAY 

PAGE 5

ten Th. ndependent Fioud. AIngaltr, Thunduy. Apd41 3, 1975. P.e 5 We now have BIRDS5 BIRDS, BIRDS". Parakeets. -$7.95 ea. Peach Face Love Birds.$50.-pair Black Masked Love Birds. ..$100.pair Finches .$20.O(pair 10 gal. Tanks (while quantity lasts) 2,000 sq.ft.oftroplcalflsh t o choose from L7&R EEF AtrOas Fr-n JM jiola 2fi Nw l3m st. Budget pas ses on first reading By LESLIE GOLAY Aligplor Staff Wrlttr UF's Student Senate approved on first reading the proposed 1975-76 fiscal year budget of $2.5 million as recommended by the Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee IASFAC) Tuesday. [he budget recommendations must be passed in final thim after tworeadings in order to gain final approval. The budget recommendations will come up for a second reading at the next Senate meeting" THlE RECOMMENDATIONS must then go to Sherman. Student Body President Steve Merryday and UF Prcsident Robet 0. Marston for fia approval. gan57, allocation to the Mayor's Council to expand an on-campus day care center. The funds will provide for the construction of two adjoining buildings, equipment and salaries for two additional full-tinme directors. The money would come from about SI SOXJO of unexpected income from record enrollments. Student Body Treasurer Greg Sherman said. THE EXPANDED CENTER would be able to accommodate 60 children between the ages of three and five years old. Only children who had at least one parent enrolled as afull.time student would be eligible for the day care program. The center is planned for the south area of Mo~guire Village. a married housing complex on 34th Street. ThE SENATE DENIEDa special request of $500 to help lund an Energy Consciousness Week which would be sponsored by the College Councils. GREG SHERMAN budget reflects growth and expansion' The Energy Consciousness Week is planned to present "bca" generation personalities such as Allen Ginsberg. AX. Odum. and Gray Snyder to speak on energy consciousness in today's world. The Senate did not approve the request because it felt College Councils had adequate funds in their own budgets, Sherman sagd. WHILE REVIEWING ASFAC'Sbudget recommendations. Sherman and Senator Sue Cline explained that the increase in SG funds reflected general living and inflationary increases in the costs ol utilities and telephones. Sherman said the College Councils budget reflected 'growth and expansion of activities and services that the College Councils offered." Seats open for elections By DEBBIE ERICKSON Allgater SiaN Writer Four of six seats on the newly created Studeint Elections Commission must be filled by 5 p.m. Friday. Tuesday night the ,enate filled two seats of the Student Elections Commission. The senate elected Greg Enholm, 4BA. mid Wally Anderson. 4BA. to fill two of the six vacant seats. ROaERT HARRIS .Honor Court chancellor probe THlE COMMISSION will investigate any election violation complaints and will make recommendations to the Honor Court or senate for final judgment. The Honor Court Chancellor and student body president will appoint two of the remaining four vacant seats. Honor Court Chancellor lichen Harris said any interested students should contact him in the Honor Court office, 364 J. Wayne Reitz Union, between 3 and 5 p.m. or call 392-1631, bSTUENT BODYPresident Steve Merryday has not yet announced when he will be holding intervIews. He could not be reached to comment. Ken Ofgang, chairman of the Student Senate information and investigation committee. said the deadline for students being appointed to the commission as S pin. Friday. Ofgang said only five students Camne to be interviewed for positions elected by the senate after the positions were moderately advertised. Ofgang said he was very disappointed in the low number of students who showed up to be interviewed. Deadline announced The qualifyIng deadline for all posts in the April 16 student body elections is 5 p.m. Friday. Scott Sinimons. director of elections, said students can qualify at a table set up outside of room 305 in the J. Wayne Reitz Union. Under the new election laws, students wanting to qualify mlitst. *Have a 2.0 grade point average or above. *Senators must currently be registered in the college they are running for. *Sh~ow a validated fee card as proof they are registered for nine hours or more and that they are not on any form of probation. .Certify they understand the new election law, and the election law, in the student handbook. *0 0 ,.I U Cri ALEFN'SA QLVTICA ND T 3445 WEST UNNERSITY AVUNUU 3 MONCMM? 10-7 UMTURMY 9-7 73A3 I C.O H.It sun I -5 

PAGE 6

ftg.~. The 5,.4.4.nt N.M. AIar, Th.nS.y. hp.4t 3. tUB NON CR EDIT COURSES 1Aeti a 815w PtnM Vram Sen Fills ic 15udccIelngs. Vnyen An~n Gr ate toU.4Frieda.n A4 9I. we t O.A4 993 -t S-tt? ~Tiduitsnwy puer LA --. --. W V AZWi A WOfAYS, MS CON4C WI. OIIR Sponsored by 00K and the J. Wayne Rei Union I AO6ERTAREOFOAD.,mlA FAROUJ TIhurm., April26:00 Registmthon for oil workshops ond lessons wII .ok. pIoce in Room 3r0.from 9O0 m orn 4 0pnm Mon-h 3l through Apnr II Students, focuhty and staff memibern ond thear spoufes WIll hove priority for leuaon enrollnm.nt from Morch 31 through April 4 Only oft.r this fim,. wilI registration b open to otherprons DN. to pric. ord .giulrotlon dsffnrntiols, it wilt be necessary #ho0 eoch person comn, so register w'I$h opprmpriot. identficohor, Enroltment for individual classes is lhmiled and. therefore, on a firs-cam, first-served bosis Sbhemise Iv*S Persons may only register for Secow.e registration for oil workshops and lessons ,s limited, we must consider your decision to enroll final by 400 p rn. the workdng day preceding the fIrst ncheduled class, Refunds will only b. mod. under th. circumstances 7 m0 30 Op$20 m Non $tudeoit Thurt Ap i My2 7 N, 3, 7N'"h'" t O~kk Jo v~t. W.a Ami'4 lMar 25 sIt. 0wStdey MonAssli iM2 ---m $ am Uwdn. -Mvue A.rid Is ney V 7 *9 S piw sit si w*d p0N.Mey20 -lEpi w.NAm cMav ,c sl~S' -Z0sidn. -''""* INIMUcO t M70uens SIC ONflSftdefl, M"c";|',, -S .w14udnt vvd -sd 1.May N '-'.--,n a -y,00, S I1= NS.hO 0 MN Apr'di4Mo f (.9Ting ~ Ifl 4.,pi S.Mayn 2 5OSulflnn (-gin)g ?u .l.l $ 1$ -Nen-bd.ns ---almmmo ,ed ..2 7G~o ane. Sail Schaci Mon Apeii i4m~y f 'a#9 5p," tomdeey S'S00*ionstdns Wed *p -May 2e INSnUCTO Michagi tighb'mr OSI00NflSuidfis ,59 rpm $5 0Nondiud~~ mt sAprii$MsyV 75* 5cpo ....h e ..,T e S~tmudcta S -Issue.t .-a,. INDIAN DANCE PERFORMANCE Sponsored by the J. Wayne li Union, Asian Studies Dspoetmeint, Public Function, and the Adts and Sciences Student Council An Indion dance performance featuring three troditaonol cultural dances will be presented in the J. Wayne Roil. Union Ballroom ot 8:15 p.m. on April Ia Anjoli the performer will be giving her first fonmonce in the $outheastern United States. per Admission is free. however those attending the lndan dinner will get reserved nooting. INDIA DINER SIn oordiatio wih th dance performance, the J Woyne Reitz Union will sponsor a dinner of Indian cuisine. Th. dinner will Precede the performance and will give people an opportunity to become acquainted with food and music of India. Reserved seats for the done performance will be mode available to those attending th, dinner. Beginning April 7, tIckets will be on mole at the University Box Office (Constans Thectrm) from 12:00 to 4:30 p.m. Mon. through Fri. No ticket. will be available at the door. Phone 392-1653 for reservations. flCket, frl $4.00 for U of F student, $5.50 students. for non-S M -. '9i4My 7*9s i Np$anbdn -me -nd me 524.51Ne budenis Funs APn.Is IIn. 3 If UC O LandeOetw IFS00% 1u.n Sn an ---~ni ?4Spa N-Waa -aw|s|'. Wad. -. A r It ~asnA~ APRIL 7-12 Tn. Api l5My 2 0 ern tin. si0me-Sd-ns VOCAl *t1MeW idek Thus ApS M.yn 2 100AM lis Apfl t5M.y27 Iendcflsi. $11W~Itudcn SISSNOA Sudenis -l-IM~ Wng thun Aptli 7 Maeis 7004 Npm iNSTSUCTO lob DeuceS. $i500 siudeni. s20 00Noi, eudent, soer, reseilbng an sour. (Ofm.fd e.wh aicohoitr I.V.,r of age sme A0,iii-J. .2 ~h~ -me 'Ste. ~0 us~ni~. aa~. Fri.A Let., A prIl4 8.5 sorn. iiso110 lad floor oudIterlum 50' i 4 

PAGE 7

Th. independen' Rld. MgAJ11r. Thurueya. ApdI 3. IY7S Peg. 7 South Carolina 'no effect'on Dy JANET PARK AhligS., Staff Wdlinr Florida has an even chance of ratifying the Equal Rights' Amendment (ERA) this year despite South Carolina'. recent vote killing at in that state, some Florida legislators predict. Rep. Elaine Gordon, D-Miami. said,. 'South Carolina's defeat of the amendment .gill have no effect on its chances in florid,." HOWEVER, EVEN if the Florida legislature passes the ERA this year. ratification by three more states is needed for It to become the 27th amendment to the U.S. Constitution. Only North Carolina. Missouri and Florida legislatures are scheduled to Consider it this year. Gordon. co-sponsor of the House of Representatives ERA bill, said "Getting the bill out of the House presents no problem. I he Senate will. though. They're a more conservative group." Gordon said the House had more newlyelected members, many who are pro-ERA. SEN. DAN SCARIOROUJGH, DJacksonville, sponsor of the Senate ERA bill. said. "I don't think it (South Carolina's defeat) will make that much difference in the Senate. Thoue who are going to vote for it w ill, and thosc who are going to vote against it will vote against it." Scarborough predicted. "I think it will pass in the Senate. but it will be close, probably one or two votes either way." With such a close vote in the offing, the six senators listed as "undecided' will be the determining factor. Otnly two of those senators have never made their stands public. ONE OF THEM, Do., Childers, fl-West Palm Reach, said he has been bombarded by pro and anti ERA literature but still has not made up his mind. Childers said he is concerned with the ERA's implications on family life. "Sonme religions still believe the father is head of the household." he said. He said he also recognizes the argument that 'it's just another example of states giving uip control to the federal government. "THE ERA only says for the record that women have the same rights as men." he said. Jennifer Parramore, a member of the UF chapter of the National Organization for Women (NOW), said the vote would be close and added. "I think it will make it all the more challenging and exciting. We'll lust have to work even harder." ERA supporters from around the state are planning a parade in Tallahassee April 14 demonstrating their desire to have the ERA ratified. SEVERAL GAINESVILLE groups plan to march4 including the UF chapter of NOW. Gainesville Organization for Equal Rights s defeat: ERA here and the Leagu'e ot Women Voters. Actress Mario Thomas and Fl. Anty. Gen. Robert Shevin .and his family will also participate in the parade supporting the ERAHow.ever. Sen. Bob Saunders. DGainesville. said. "I still ,.ould vote no. I'm in favor of solving problems where they exist, in the area of education, lobs, equal pay. "I SUPPORT equal rights, but this is an absurd extreme. It might change the current practice of being able to draft women to making it mandatory. There seems to be unanimous agreement among the people '.ho've studied the ER A that this would no longer be am optional thing." Saunders explained. "The ERA would appear so broad distinction can be made between men '.omen." he said. Lecture given on 'expe rien ce hO and An introductory lecture in preparation for a 4S hour "growth experience' will be giwen tonight. The experience. called "Are you ready kf.r the jailbreak." is being offered by a group of Sante Fe Community College psychology professors amd Randy Preiser. former director of the "Living Love Center' in Berkeley. Calif. The experience, which involves aboot 50 participants, will be held April II -13. The lecture will he held in the Picadilly Apartment clubhouse at 7:30 p.m. and is fret. speak hereOf tonight Dr Paul Gaston. author and civil rights activist. is the Iirst lecturer scheduled this quarter by UF's Southern Studies Speakers Series. "Selma. Ten Years Later: The failure of the Livil rights movement" is the topic of Casnon's .peech. wh ich is scheduled for 8 p~m. today in McCarty Auditorium. Gaston is professor of history at the University ol Virginia and is a member of the board of the Southern Regional Council. The speakers series is sponsored by the University College Council and the Public Functions Committee. 

PAGE 8

Pug.' b. le nd.p.nden* R.M. AlIgator Thuuudey, pd I l97s EDITORIAL Waiting 'Equality of rights under the law shall denied or abridged by the United States or state on account of sex." It doesn't sound so radical, but the 27th Amendment has stirred up frenzied controversy in the last three years. The Equal Rights Amendment, passed by a yote of 354 to 23 in the U.S. House of Representatives. Oct. 12, 1971. and approved in the U.S. Senate on March 22. 1972, by a vote of 84 to 8, _must be ratified by 38 state legislatures before it is tacked onto the U.S. Constitution. Since then, 34 states have approved the ERA. Though the Amendment can't pass this year, Florida has a responsibility to put itself on record in support of the measure. Rejected last year by the state senate, the ERA needs only 21 favorable votes out of 40 senators. Sen. Bob Saunders, D-Gainesville, voted against the amendment last year. Reportedly sitting on the fence, we urge him to reconsider this time. Three arguments in particular have been raised to attack the ERA. First. anti-ERA lobbyists claim there are already significant strides being made to promote the rights of women. But the strides are too short and choppy._ The President's Council of Economic Advisers estimated women generally earn "perhaps on the order of 20 per cent less" than men. In 1973, only one-half of all full-time woman workers (those who worked between 50-52 weeks a year earned at least $5,903. Fully employed men received median earnings of 110,202 in 1973. It is argued women would not be protected from rape, but if the ERA passes, women would still have the benefit of laws concerning sex offenses which traditionally only men may commit such as forcible rape, according to legal experts such as Yale law professor Thomnas 1. Emerson. Questions have been raised about women being subject to the draft, but these are invalid, too', because Congress has the responsibility of making laws concerning conscription. But according to a report of the Senate Judiciary Committee, "Congress will retain ample power to create legitimate sex-neutral exemptions from compulsory service. The ER A protects men, too. The following Florida statutes are considered discriminatory against men and would be changed through passage of the E.RA. First. women can sue for support now, men cannot. Second, a husband who tieserts his wife commits a felony, a deserting wife commits no crime. Third. marriage licenses can be issued only in the county where the woman lives. Fourth, widowers would be granted the .same property tax advantages which now only widows can obtain. The fears surrounding pasqpg of the ERA are unfounded. except for one. SectIon 4_ of the ERA would allow the Amendment Jo take effect two years after passage by the legislature of the 38th state. It is argued that suqh a delay will negate all the positive. changes being made on thre womei's rig.hts seene. On the contrary. it will give Anicrica a chance to reflect on the entire equal rights picture, and make Ionsi overdue changes in discriminatory practices. Women have waited ISO weas since the Constitution was signed for their equal protection under law. A large proportion of them are now willing to waft two more years for the Amendment to take effect. It is better for them to wait two years than another 200. Let's hope Saunders and his colleagues will shorten the wait. September 3I. 1969 (the oval office) (intercom rings) "Yes. Miss Rotary, what is it?" "KISSINGUER IS HERE to see you about some top secret papers and documents. sir." "Thanks baby, scud the ol' (Anglo-Saxon euphemism cutout) in." (pause) 'Good morning, how goes it man?"' "ISS NOT SO GOOT at first. Det King vaulted twenty tanks instead of der usual fifteen." 'Another inflationary increase in prices?" "DO YOU FEEL the situation warranted rt or was worth the increa se "Iss dynamite stuff.'' "Colombian?" "HOSTLUKELY. Copped agoot buzz. Anyvay. I gave him de' tanks ""d didn't tell him dat der-re out of gas!" MARK SUTTON "Wonderful, that deleted) deserves It! How much did you "(FIVE KILOS." "No (unbelievably gross expletive deleted)" -Yah. but I give two und a half to Ion Chban Nahc Nol und two to Premier Kozykin." 'For what in return?" "SIX ARM'S und den rights to future oil fields around Da Nang!" 'Hanky. .you've done it again." "Ach! Iss nothing." "'Let's give it a try, okay?'' (click of intercom, switch) "ROTARY HONEY, I will be mn deep conference concernilng tht (giule) new hi0hs in oil prices ror the next hour We are not to be disturbed." (click) (sounds of rustling of plestie bags and papers) The Independent Florida Alligator LI ..a. ,A''~' a&o -t -n hS heM.Elye To.as *. m. -" ks.'Gwad.~re "Not so much Dick, iss expaisive! Roil than smaller.' "RUJT rT WOULW 3E WnoN." "How much more do you think lecan get? Eve,, John's st ash is getting low tund I think he kn we haf more tnd are keeping it from him." "Don't worry. we can get more where that came from John's no problem." "Okay.okay.what happens when Bob wants his?' "TELL HIM 'I doe't know.' Or 'I can't recall,' or 'to the best of my knowledge.' or.(ridiculous Ideas cut out)" "Ach der liceer Now you've done i You've spilled ii on your best pnts." SA TIR E "Quit panicking. It's only my 465th crisIs. (unbeievably crass and unimaginative babbling deleted). it car be covered up. Thene. finished, Isn't that the blugest dann censored) you've ever seen?" (sounds of them both chuckling) "GOT A UIGHTr" 'Not so fast Dick, take it slowly.".(sounds of imhalmtw and pufuIn) "NICE HIT HEN, you're a better toker than Agnu "Oh ..a little something I picked up at Harvard.' (expletive deleted). jctz tat' some buzi" (II,4rC g'itglmg) "MR. PRESIDENT, you look so funny on top of der globe!" "I amthe President, make no mistake about that!" "I am a bomber. I'm gong to drop my briefcase on yOW' Ve viii rule der' vorid?" more laughing and the sounds of papers being thrn about and the shuffling of furniture) "What about your press conference?" 'StonewalI it!" (hilarious laughter) "I think I'll call En Rotary. I need a Rood (ad jetive deleted and omitted due to suugestive nature)!"' (Ten minute gap in tape) (growling noise) 'Oh Dickie, you devil you!" (taps cods abruptly) men Cwuf.ninh GMIr Ka wnk Mnlemn Man has ---Pwe cta -e SbnS N.&darwm.s m JedyCedn -aa Ednr P.O Sen 13)M6 UnIverniy -ts. ""Oln"-"SPO .itnme tag $ Ca4. b not be by any New trans cri pts released I 

PAGE 9

H ar d work involved in securing grant EDITORt I he SI million grant Irom, the National Endowment for the Humamities (NEH) to UP and to Gareth Schmclnms as Principal Investigator w.as not born in full armor like the mythical goddess Athene from the head of Zeus. The grant was awarded to the UF because of the University's comnmitnment to the principles of the grant, because of the faculty support for the educational soundness of the program and because NEll believed the SI million would achteve more positivetresults at UF than anywhere else. SEVERAL YEARS AGO a pilot project entitled "Program in Humanities and Medicine" was conducted in the I Hillis Millet Health Center under a grant from NEH by Sam Banks, chief, division of social sciences and humanities, and by Richard Reynolds. chairman, department of community health and family medicine. To sav that this project was a fantastic success is the kind of understatemneit appropriate to its 'uccess, Even though the funds from NEH ran out his year, the project was continued by Reynolds and Banks and William Deal as an overload to their already overloaded medical schedules. It is good to note at this time of economic crisis in Florida. that while the Itovenhor and his two legislative branches are running around crying that the sky is falling in, men of conviction like Reynolds and Banks are convinced that the University and is programs are still worth saving. Gene Moss. associate professor of English and director of the center for studies in the humanities, has participated in the pilot project since its inception and has provided the expertise and professional background necessary from the humanities side. Another early panticipant-professor in the pilot project was Ron Canson of New College. who has since been given a joint appointment in the Department of Community Health and Family Medicine in the Health Center and in the Humanities Department in University College. Ellen Flaring. Chairman of Philosophy, was another vital force in the pilot project. USING ThE I) MEDICINE-Humanities pilot project as a paradigm, we began to model similar projects for 2) Humanities and Law. .3) Engineering, and 4) Business Adnmtistmatio,. But these first efforts cost money. and none was being generated by a grant still months from an award deadline. I n the spring of 1974. then Vice President for Academic Affairs Harold Hanson began to fund certain of our pressing expenses. Hanson's successor. Robert Rvn. never failed to give it all his financial and moral support. Without the aid of these two adnijiistratos in the early days of the fornwlation. we are convinced that the whole enterprise would have failed. Working in close coordination with Deans Bob Brown of University College and Calvin Vander~eri of Arts and Sciences, and the various humanities chairmen, we located humanists with interests in one or more of the various professional colleaes and established diajotues with then, with an eye toward refining our proposal into acceptable form. Vice President Chandler Stetson, Dean Howard Suzuki of Health Related Professions, and Dean Blanche Urny of Nursing, helped us find a team to cooperate with the Humaulabs: Richard Reynolds ceommtinlit, hejith .Ltuis Cohen medicinee) George W ahrheit (psych atryk. George Bernard (psychiatry). Leighton Cluff medicinee), the Humanities half of the Humanmties-Medicine team Qould be Sam~ Banks (humanities). Ron Carson (humanities, community health), fhonmas Auxter and Ellen Harin2 (philosophy). Alice Murphree lanthropology). and Gene Moss (English). For the Humanities Law section Dean Joseph Julmn of the UP Law School identified Professors Walter Probert. Mary Ellen Caidwell and Robert Mann, and pledged the appropriate resources of the Law School to make the program work. The participating humanists for the section are Alnia Altizei Humanities). Sid Homan (English). and Gareth Schmeling (Humanities. Classics). For the Humanities-Engineering division Dean Wayne Chen met with us frequently, as did James Schaub (Chairman. Civil Engineering), to formulate both the concepts behind innovative courses and the courses themselves. Gene Hemp and Frederick Rhines wtilI also w.ork with the Engineers. The humanists in the program will be I-arry Paul SHistory). Cordon Bigelow (English). (Karelisa Hartigan tHumanities. Classics) JJ Zeman I Philosophy). Robert Lanzillotti helped us select faculty hor the Humanities-Business Administration section of the proposal: Richard Elnicki IManagement). Ira Horowitz (Managtment), Sanford Berg (Economics), and Ralph fl'ompson (Marketing). Thie Humanities contingent to this division is Sheldon Isenberg (Humanities, Religion). Max Kele (History). and Greg Ulmer (Humanities, English). The grant as finally submitted to NEHl is called "Humanities Perspectives on the Professions" and contains these four component parts. 1)H-umanities and Medicine. 2)Hunmanties and Law. 3)Humanities and Engineering, and 4)Humanities and Business Administration. Sam Bankswasoriginally the co-principal investigator, but he has since accepted the presidency of Dickinson Cofleje. His gob will be assumed by Richard Reynolds (Ianily medicine). Walter Probert (law), and James Schaub (engineering). To attract a SI million grant in Humanities to UF took the concerted effort of all those persons named above, working as a tesi,, in order to assure future generations of Floridians the best possible educational oppotinit its. Thbe intent of this academic proposal is to give a solid, hard-core hunianistic base to the pre-professional education program. We propose todo itin three steps: I) Development of humanities core courses by expert faculty ft-am several of the traditional humanities departments which relate specifically that humanistic approach and value oriented interpretation to the students and faculty of each of the professional schools; 2) to develop courses within each humanities department which have sonic concern for the pre-professional student off the explicit core courses in humanities onto implicit department based courses;: 3) to add new dimensions to humanities courses already being taught and to ensure that the pre-professional students are aware of the existence of then courses. Garuth Schacling Chairmen. Humanities Department Principal Investigator WI1 'S -* T. n..f ..g, T.ilc. Ae 97,N. AVICE AND DISSENT L -_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .-. Change r~a atiue EDITORs Maybe recent Supreme Court rulingsoin rape cases is lustiflably needed It 'eems that women are subjected to outrageous tlesradations when at is learned they have been raped. So nreat pains are taken to hush the matter up as quickly as possible. And this creation of some deep and dark secret. only serves to feed the type of mind that could intimidate a rape victim. It is now time to take away that food. LET US CREATE an atmosphere that puts fewer emotional strains on the violated womnan. by shrndng that all types of women net raped. We must open up all channels of communication so the woman's story can be told. And told without guilt. But you women must take the responsibility to change these attitudes.!I realize it will create many hardships on the early recipients of this law. but they must he strong enough to endure the pressures put upon them. Change must begin somewhere. Is this ruling justifiably needed? The answer lies in each of you. But whatever the case, I support your struggle. Phillip D. Nichols 4JM ---. 1W 1W .m N)& r r~ *? a -m flfl -aNEa Committee fo ult dcation EDITORs The Commitlee for Quality Education(CQE) has been established in order to inform the citizens and their elected officials of the condition of education in Florida. Originally formed as a reaction group to the tuition hikes and cutbacks within the State University System, the COE has now come to realize that there is a need to commit the State of Florida to "quality education." U P P RE SI DE NT RODERT 9. MARSTON gave as an example of the situation the fact that since l%8. the University of Florida student body has increased by 7.000 students (from ILOS to 25.000) while the number of faculty members has only Increased by 21 (from 1,379 to 2.A00). At the present, thi COE has six reglstered lobbyists "ho will be lobbying on behalf of higher education in Tatlahassae Representatives of the CQE have already contacted the secretary of state, the commissioner of education and several representatives and senators in Tallahassee. The primary goal of the Conimittee for the upcoming legislative session will be the upgrading of the State University System libraries specifically the bill introduced by Rep. Sid Martin. DHawthorne. for a block allocation of 2,000to the libraries. Additionally, the CQE will be lobbying For any proposals which support "quality" hIgher education. THIS COMMITTEE REAIZES that to achieve these goals, the citizens of florida must be made aware of the problems of higher education and of the benefits '.hich a quality educational system can offer society. The COE. therefore, will attempt to inform Floridians about the deteriorating character of the State University System. It would be appreciated if all interested persons would contact the CQE at: Committee for Quality Education 700-2075SW. l6th Aveniue Gainesville, Florida 32601 James R. BalouMh John Baric Paul Moore James L Muson. Jr. The Independent Florida Alligator swil. ope "w""'"me*" M Gin1 kfref MC" WI" Mc tide Why Mu. F-genr ym nade AeS ~war 4.9'.4 4 

PAGE 10

Pug. IC, lb. indqp.nden Mould. AlI,,.e, lhundcy, ApdAl 3, 1975 Alii the %hot ( tnml did not seem~ to be lIcedlmi trtom uindeCr h'Is amp it. Joiner sa id. inh report by tedcral ageiits Mondas nght ihat Camil was shol in the li arm pit while resisting arrest was imcorrect, according to .ohn Ile Pore. special agent in charge ci the Drug I+ntorcemeni Adnmmistralion. Orlando district. LE PORE said Wednesday Carna was shot to the rear ci his left arum pit under the shoulder blade in his back, ch~aninR the agency's Monday statement. "This still does not alter the facts of the shooting." he said. Le Pore said the agents mistakenly reported where the bullet entered Camij's body because he was bleeding fron what appeared to be the left arm pit. According to Ioiner. when he came forward after Gainesville policemen at the scene asked for witnesses, one of the federal drug agents involved in the shooting told him to leave. "HE SAID. 'We don't need any witnesses. we have all the witnesses we need'" Joiner said the agent told ham. La Pore said the federal agency would stand by its story. "You can come up with as many horseshit witnesses as you want, but don't bother me with them." he said. La Pore said a federal grand 1Ur mnt Wednesday in Tallahassee to begim hearing information against Canil which may lead to indictments. A COMPLAINT charging Canuil with sale of cocaine was filed with the federal magistrate it, Gainesville by agents Monday after the arrest. The two federal agents reportedly gave Carnal S2.300 one to two hours before Carnal delivered about two and one half ounces of cocaine to them. Swift said. Le Pore said Camil "might well be indicted icr assault" against agent Dennms Fitzgerald ComiI UC Student Council Proudly Presents Paul Gaston Professorof History Univertity of Vlrginic Author of the new south crqed A Study in Southern Mythmaking speaking on Selmo 10 years later Failure of the Rights Movement Thursday April 3 8 PM McCarty Auditorium Sponsored by UC Student Councig as port of the Southern Colloquium Reception Open to Everyone 9:30 pm Lounge 122 JWRU A H UR RICA NE'S COM IN'! APRIL,5, 195 IN PERSON 11:1 RECORDING ARUTST (F THE SMASH HITS "DOCTORS O R 0 E R S' HURRICANE'S COlN" AD VANCE TICKETS $5.00 AT DOOR $6.00 THE MELODY CLUB 4130 NW 6th ST. GAINESViLLE "A LIBERA TED BAR SERVING YOU FOR FIVE YEARS" I i rcei'c't ia lctied the matemem r SCOTT CAMIL showing bullet wound L. SIh whi C amil rcportedh sIruiggle LARRY TURNER, (Cami~ltoanrnec he k new the ederal grand lury wa mi fee wg Werdneida *1 I allahassee, but hewas mtormetd bheth, or not it wtoult deal with tlie (31,111 cast F he Gainesille Police Department (PT H indI he state attorneys office are condtictmti in rwestigatton into the shooting. Capt. Charles C. Snowdeui of GPD said GPD detectives had talked to Jomner, but '.aId he could not comment on the investigation Asst. State Atty. John Yarborough. who i' handling the investigation for the state at torney's office, was in Lake Butler today and was not available far comment. JOINER said when he tinst siw the agents and Caml in the car, he told a friend standing with him." Those guys art fighting in that cat 14e said he first thought the two agents were trying to rob Camil. said said he told Bonnie [ott, the owner of Bonnie's Restaurant, to call the police. [ott said she did not see the shooting, but she said she watched the scene afterwards. "NEITHER one of them (the two agents) had a scratch on Ihcm." she said. After the shooting, the drug agents gave no tirnt aid to Camih before the ambulance arrived, Joiner said, other than to place a coat under his head. However, ambulance attendant Victor Sharpe said Monday that Camil had received "effciive tint aid" before he arrived. JOINER said he told his story to four GPD officers at his apartment Tuewday. He said be has not told the story to any other officials. He claims that he and his friend, who could not be reached for comment~were the only eyewitnesses to the shooting and the events leading up to it. Camil was in satisfactory condition Wednesday. Mildred Roper, a nursimw supervisory at Alachus County General H ospital. said, an improvement lrom Tuesday's listing of fair. 

PAGE 11

Th ne'd' o4.M~~rTusa. 11,"tVSI Reform & Traditional Servlces 6:3op~m Sabbath Meal 7:300pm. Dr. Shiomo Cohen-'The Israeli Experience' Saturday uneg Shabbat Sabbath Service-9:30a.m. Kiddosh 12 noon Mintha, Study, 3rdmea1(free!)6:3Ij Sunday I1la.m.Brunch 8p.m. Israeli Dancing 8:30 Coffee House MondayHolocaust Poetry Reading by hDr. Chyet-5p.m. ALL AT 16 NW 18th St. 372-290 L R E Pil Ligc (1 E M Su 12 amy ljzuw 11 S.W. 16th Ave Gin City Plaza irt NE EKE ND ir haub3 nge with A R TY TO Y OU nwiches', if course SC HL ITZ DA'J bottles $1.69 AY) reasonable priced us a call! E-OUT VERY GIVE US A CALL 77-6510 chofs of ;ht&8 Dark 0 2-7) ATFREI on.-Sat. En joy & Red gret I JIIF'II& gati Velvet Lour toacompal or L ET U S B R ING T HE P with great su combinations beer & wine. bs, sa and o 6-pack cans & (ALL D TAKl E DELI 1O-2AM nday 10-12:30 AM a~.34 PARAPIERNALUA *ph.4: by -oh -ua MarijUana(fr ,t ,a e, e d ucted on a volunteer basis. People were afraid they would be followed and incted after being interviewed-. "PEOPLE HAD SEEN harassed if they smoked, and now, all of a sudden, they were told they could go ahead and smoke (during the interview) because we had these little pink cards. There was an awful lot of suspicion surrounding the interview because when aguy '.alked in to be interviewed. it immediately identified him as a cannabis user. Somebody could follow binm and arrest him." Dutoit said ALTHOUGH DUTOIT HAS "seen and handled" cannahis. he said he has "never tried it "If I had been caught smoking cannabis, it would have blown the whole project. I bet the National Institute of Mental Health people hwho funded the stuidy) would have loved that." Dutoit said jokingly. Dutoit explained that the differences between cannabis use here and in South ^ tc, li n tedfeet reasons for IJSII Tradtonly.Arias do not use canabis for getting high. Some, like the laborers in the cane fields, use cannabis to suppress hunger. The main reason an African uses cannabis is because his father used it.' Dtitoit sid. AFRICANS ALSO traditionally use a i.ter-pipe to smoke cannabis so that "thnr is a cooler smoke thaii ii you smoked it in a regular cigarette. The temperature of inhalation and the toxicity (intensity) of cannabis is not as mrat as if it were smoked in cigarette form, or infested.' he said. "Basically, when whites use cannabis. they're looking for a trip, while the Africans and East Indians aren't looking for a trip. They use it because it's always beeni used." he said. "The stuft used here in the United States is very artificial, it has more seeds and leaves than, the cannabis used in South Africa. and over here it is a very recent type of un. In Africa it's been used for centuriess" Dutoit said. Vet bene fit not automatic Veterans must apply for a nine-month extension in the Gl Bill's educational benefits -it is not automatic, said Rolf Groseth,. coordinator of veterans affairs. The extension of the time that veterans may receive educational benefits from 36 months to 45mnonthsis part of the new GI Bill passed by Congress in December over a veto by President Gerald Ford. U.S. SENATOR Richard Stone. D.-Florida, has tiled a bill which would allow veterans to use the extension for Rraduate courses. Presently, it can only be used for undergraduate courses. Groseth said. "THIS WILL eiminate a lot of problems which may artse when a veteran enters his nine-month extension period with undergraduate courses and then switches to graduate courses," Groseth said. Applications for the extension are available at the Veterans Service Office in room 124, Tigeut Hall. DIVERS DO IT DEEPER! S CUBA CLASSES STAR T April 17th SALES SERVICE R M AOGUATIC It TRAIL CENTER INC. 3448 W. UNIV. AVE. MON-FRI 10-7 SAT 9-7 Watch Tom Aflen co host TV's Wildi 73-9233 OACWR Kmnqdom V p. Friday etutitesBe a Pa fORPAR TYO YU MiEMBERI Saturday Is One of Gainesville's most r places for party kegs. Give HILLEL FOUNDATION ACTIVITIES 9:00 

PAGE 12

Peg. I, ft. Indepand.5 M.dM. Alignio, Thuredey, 4p.413 157$ 376-44 HOMl HUNtMS We con heio younmd homn. oprmn mobil. horn. or is REFUNDABLE -II *045w 'thAi. 37o FOR SALE FOR SALE IEALT Oft Open 7 Nvn ii00 FOR SALE -or Sole schw'nn cont.nentoi bicycle O'month. old like new 51CC 00 coHl 32730 onytimei 0a 5' 06lp) for so Iewo rinevr speakers 'ow boy mnod&l 6 mo. old thr. way speak.r' syster coil 37?-S7I4 oil., 6prn 600W0 to 5' 1I-p) bagan world 269 n. i*'roft ?3 blvd) ho. kin-g bed 50 00.ook drof-r'.oI desk bookcas. 253W organ 10000 w+cker ,ofo 65W0 cribs 25 00 3779*03 it-3t lO-p) FORSAE 69 Souvenr Mobil. Homs 42 $203111 SW 34* St 10141 372-6 rer ches I 1-, l beautiful micole lowboy drv rnirror. 1417 nw 6 p1 373gaogesole ti Fr' sot, A address, comnpifg ,tufl, ictn In 5t 106-p) CAkCUJLAIOOS-1 SR IC only $99 93 I $R-5i on'y $185 95 N. with Mui wftOrtaty Send bon& check a. money order in College Colcuiotors P0 bow 36' Amherst Moss 01W02 Add $2 for postage horndiing Full pnic. Ib. S AI'avv 14 days fo' delivery Coil l 13-54913i6 evenings for furthe. .nia SAVE b415 iyrt'n d 35w now co. 4 yr. old mint condition perfect mntonorton action low.ed $475 firm coil 373-3461 olso guild f592 $60 guid *5O custom $375 (A T l0$-P) 'HNCA CS 30 5)00 ,mJes K0N1 shocks pocko.e rock, troth bars, '974 model Well mointoind $9SC 373-*733 oiler 5 A 51-l03-P) mexican sweater $)0ontiq~ussheep coot Z:N metal tennis racquet $20 cofle table, $90 -ew both carpel $10 lewdlry spools, and more 375-8925 (A-ST-104-P) woarbed w-frome, line. and pad $30 good btu at $35 call 3770462 alter 4pm 20 gal long tank, sliding top pump, dynoll. subsand tiltr., hooter ten gal iOnk dir t magnet outside tilt.r plus stond A grovel for both roll 377-6055 or Apt 52 French Quart.r (A-51l04.P)._. OL0hN RETRIEVER PUPPY AKC O$A certified Champion held trial lire toll 376-4250 days (A-3l CAP-) Weddeng Bonds, 4 Engagemernt umg9 trodltsonai or Conltrmporwry design, of your choice Nondnmod. to. individuals who wont the bet Original work by South's leading AMtits Most. Gold Smith and Lapidist Uncondittonal Guarante G IE Byafitment only metl mow bond saw 9ype and mnwo ground asking Mmr $5W0 fr both coil 3927W frm 6pm to 4pmor 47$-I5l2 aft. 6 pm and .*& for dove (e1h0. greenhouse sate heclihy plants it cloy pelt sundoa'nly IOOVT-4m -o Wet on biccycio TO speed villa 26 rnch boy's weth generator ligt, chain, lock, and tire pump includedl sax monthsoldl call vic re-8mB fo. mu$ (n5.-IWp, Set.e components ar tW1 turntable reolIsc CD watt receiver, keen proAco headphones, and tier "ipa5 speok. gres' shop. vic 377l(01.-S-) 35 mm Camaro. Almost brand new, Veehico TI Electlro-*, plus ourolc flah unit 5160W0 coill lter 600m 1971 mcnatne2 bedroom I both wother dryer hoak-up centl heat & air on leased S OCr* tract 472-aS9 after si anyllrn. weekends (A 4T-)04-P) I NEED VOUR HELPI I 'ovn 5 worth of Oven producfl that must -e sold Conm. *olh. sole sat, A0r 5, i2-bpm gatarwood .p 1905. oa-2,.IW-p) Surtboord. good toes ', dloamond oil, only $4 Call &sk. at 373-2637 alt. 6t Keep tryln (o-3t-1lw-p) VAWDAZE lompe-l*Ilet-chalr.-kinchen soppil. .ink everyone want all dey wed+, lS 80nw2ndave (o-2)-lW-p) See 'H. '75 sop. bikes at Sup. Sik., ic l7Selectlcsant SON~rern$VS.5 1975 GIN-tO Docoti $2550, V97 MNltGunl SWT $2675 New "97 m5 Norton $2495, Used V97 750 Yamaha $1w% 1973 750 Norton needs work 51W. phAsparts and wyric. to. almost lil rnotorcycles Super Seke., Inc 34*1 S W Arch. *4 37-M9l4 {o-I-i06-c) 10 yamnaho 250 endure street and dIrn euip great for getIng around school coil in the aternoon ask fo. otiando 377-8795 (a-St-lW5-pn 'A yr old cancel. 3 bi )i4 bath house in Fowrbons weaove and 'aft *t, ,4cr ko 23.,6w 392-05 S-S 376-SM5 after 6 iypevfi.r, smyeli-coe'o maonul per labit, wslh C-., very g.d. $50 375646 {o-Z)W-) bargain wahid-flid -e IS terr (off 23 blyd) hoe new shlpmeni-furnitur. bedling-entiqu.-r.*rlg-l,, prices bwnd new f-lI t Erduro rfM le.aak ISM Uese Ocrd iwrntoble recown. ype.l".r + lepe $l90call 3meld febeautflul n.4 le lwbey drawer choe end mie, see e 47 nmy 6 p4. er cill rn-3a,, els qeee sae.e wae ees, cempng -qip odd. end .na fr slneuelnn-0 clasicet ew4h hafleiel c-s mus accrifice see iS -l 27,5 et th plate memnigp wily (e. owsry sale nmws sell me.,yfeeke 04 wnhere-SIU or bet &.fr royal eleric Wye.it.-mek. offer dmnang tablhelp. ISA 'w Oah i O(-lf-16) fee sate ule ceaseS,. player wi*s Weaere aid -w in. thackd re bae.r cold +rall SMs a. bet MM.r 3r3-aM4sc -.me' 1.-sia.) romnmats wanted 3br lieu. or pool tLemithed carpeting awn ron quiet 75'month i ,utilities colH rn 37? 8189 Sbs5t l05 pi Rn, for rent 5*5 mo1+ oiler S pmr 372 2683 lormohior Msep Irying FOR RENT MA[( ROOMMATE NEEDED to shor. quolily opt ornioy your own roon tenlfi, court. edc 583 a month jnfmn.Hd coki 376-6899 ib St-106-p} OWN ROOM in house $60 per month coil 377-4462 or coil lerry or 372-925) con,. by 4546 ow i3st Red brick you w' ov. it (b-SI 1-p) .nmrnedeote occupancy femnol. ron m'ai.naoded own room inrwo bedroom, rLaple. partially furnrshed mellow oration GOmo i utility 1624 ow lob6 s9 ib ii10-p ,,o. o~rO Wnedfino&,n ful equipped poolsid. opt clot, to compuS only 38 mo I% di call 373-8101 (b-3t I 06-p) J wo roomdte, wanted for house in SW psu, orke tecion large yard, a-c quiet COmy ss. book, lesely furnished $75 -mc no tease coi 'oln or bob 378-6163 alter 9W0 pmr (bSt )Oe-p) I bedroom efficiency $60 Per month I block brrm campus call iOn 379-0'302 keep tying---------f -tiiiiis Call for rore in lb-Jt D05p) ,ro'e rooniote needed for two bedroom, opt in frederick gardens, close to campus 56.25 month + 1-3 utilities call ap Mmr rent spr qur boiler gardens ost No S4 5164 for 2 bed 383 for private 'In no damage dep call tem at 37S-UWG3 or D2-1U1 will subtel (b-St-l-.) njsd ro, pmivecy? SBDa month '4d dups ea loetian 3miles fran school cell a7l-Swame 373-9lO mitch (student) b-$-lW-p) two rooms fMr rent unlil Aug 31 I k franm nrn U-mn utel included 1125 iw Alt -v avoillole immedIatl y I-39OS5-p) NED inir.delyl Pem~.ably female nmn. ko campus by bike come-by (3.5TJewelry Cor5pefly CLASS RINGS DIAMaNDS WATCH REPARS 20W Unlvrty Avn 372. 4106 11w 373-0023 :lek~m4 ~migmWs NAP'S MSE TO $6 WIT" TV Ctiiflfl, A weetner chanl,~i UPI Newt. New Y.k Stock Lutlwge,2 FM ststwtatte TV Chefnlt. ena* PM OSAlAM em n. Fm~ bt The Course and Teocher Evaluoion needs your hoip I. county cam.g IMCmIGSOgig which will be Se UMse S 7:1 Thaws. 4.61 H Fes. Sm~t. JtJR FU Jot 3. FOR RENT 'a 

PAGE 13

L FOR RUNT fo' aent UFItthed w'et p'14.0,. (O3 t $16 ko w ,. q o r Fc*R ENT hous. in V sC$Il.n Frad ocyadp w.Cm walk toLaw Schooh Pr'va, roarn i,,es locol phoe inclded 30 oh.,r S 00p" (b-)-lO6p AN HELP yOU FPND A ICME Oft T&AENT Joel Biidget, Realtor e4 41h avenue, W7-'7W SB-ST 104 BR in Townhoune Sotlens to ,omfl Prorated pW#tar Agirilru Jue Prm, .1nII $lO0mo All 4'l1 Neor tnnmpuI V760 (b5105TOR FOR RENT owrn r and boitsroot n ,, 4 b, hoise ducks 377 5232 (, hi_105 p rac* lorg. two or three bedroom op1 very rdo,. to campus also attic studio Or *01t and rOOmr ,n rurl <-ome O, ho, conoage 7', w l 2,t ]Y3 X)7 IRS!1 iflogue rftspormibi. emide to, am upt $69 month 'uiiti, L'ock ',0 flmpiJ, rIC peS "or; 'mrtomr medial Of ipri y 177 mt iat ~'rt 2?2-p molehioommiwt. rewded for rushedd 2 bedroom, opt 'orated ,n,} rigri~u iets ori ground fin0r us? >f m1 oonarie aoii $ 13 'U 'B36 ST 103_P) *rml. Imrvi,, wnted to, 2br 2boih spociout trnmle bike '0 romris ar d shwosh. e'tras gmcd ora~ urdergrad ISO.+ ,tl 376 l295 aB 3t I1Od-P) : urihneSA1 CL FOR RENT C r, stdensi rooms ao rent by quarter ~iie OmaIw 10ts Lol 377 ed,0.Otfjncy (85ST1P) Sublet 'org. one bedroom n portrrint Furnivhed, cash., dryer carperng Unlil I u re 1hen opl'un 'o Isose $1 C month 173 63S1 Or I33 375 lB 51-1O4 P1 i,.or g.o Seogle Hall An *dep~rde,,l f rnrplJ, men, <(0p Roors, and l',ard for le,, 'hon' 195 ma I002 W iJn;~wer~ty A've 37e9179 (BiT 04 P1 2 'brloorntes needed ecd !ar own oon .r 4 Oedroorr townhouse ot tha .erd m b Ounirv e.lluge apts d w heno 'tii' i ej own rocm MS5 mo ulrse. ral373 9t36 ~vt'rme lb St 'ed oomm.o'* ,onild for Spring 'uo'ter e'llo~a pork opts $52 25 ,l'l'ties qreot crommnts pen1 coil 3_7_8 0509 lb 31 O05p dRoomnqe needed to shore spoc'ous 2 bedroom opI 3 blocks from campus PRoee sermo"eIdent Jim 377 5909 (b3' 105 pj _ _ _ _ _ ROOM IN COUNTRY OAME 5 mwin rner at 34th orn orrher $63 p. month deposit Lfli ii. ovni 'obi. irnnmediot.Iy cell 372 2766 185! I04-P) aret sublet 168 no 11or. 'non, and tiesis block from conmpus coil 37794 o. on by colapiol Mono.pi 99 on* or rw wo rg. bedrooms avalabd. Ic isul om 0 thr. bedrooT ga 04 tie king creek opt, prefer libel mole coil oft. 7p' 3732531 (bS509-) m.dm e n. edw'beaoful 12 50 ni, conditioned, furbiking distance of 0 $150 iro.,. $m Mpostt ac." 3l. *9 ( ~.Ws .mole roonwmot. needed a. GATOR *o opts lv poolte-ni con furnished, and close to .f *510-m P7S454 1 pvyng (b-30-l05-,) mole roommate needed for spring quortev 01 oak for.,1 nporrmwnl tfl for 570 I3 ulilbti., call tim dl 37'4931 The Indw.,dent PbS.id AMfiga'o, Thgvidey, A4d1 1 197 Pug. I ssIFFI WANTED GXXD SiLVEh Top prices paid t'r clans ings ol .wlfry sr conhdo~I, Call Femnole roomot. womttd 167 50 + ,tiitetsClose to campus 376-0474 Cr39 on,. 4mnle wanted Ho share 3 bdr op. Orne hyada iotmth metier bedroom 001111yfliotrtr daitroate 377-400 (C St 1960 Opel starion wagon, *xccllerv miechnnicol cond,30mpg $850 or best offer Bill 373 2C03 nny,'n,6 (g 3t-1I6-p) Female roommate wonted-A. I 1Arrent Iree Gntoryvood Apts. pool, air cond 377 7914 (C-5 104-P) Need F roornhmote own room in 2 hr townhouse d'WOS$,r 'hog Corp. S9S '"ornthiy 'I 'tili1iesApril rent ye.col 373 4537 keep trying 5(1 5Op69 e. a". "U1 aem DS WANTED hIrl nonvrnoking *ema for own loom, In apr I bloc fro m s 5 6097 (C 2t-IC6-p) Need voonmmte OWfl *OOl'n in 2 hr townhoue d'sawosh. th'eg corp., $95 rnonlhly 4 e,tIn Apr ;n free roll HELP WNE LAS DAY mm -o DRILL at C MUM. W. 7:13 9:10 ALL NEW THE FOUR MUSKETEERS NO PASSES Oft oOCU~TTCkEt Detective It. Brannigon is in London 'God Save the Queen' Is BRANNIGAN 7,. .FWD IG Is 5:1 -9 SGP CONCERTS LIL 4 8:00 PM LASH tIL S 8:00 PM CITY IlL 6 3.:0 PM BROTHERS 3 FREE FRI. APE BLACK SAT. API HOT SUN. API MInW at: ROTC r 

PAGE 14

'S APSE. 7-LLW AUTOS 53 buich special .ACeplionoi condition new ,nterior with original shop monuol onhiqj* 111W cr6b0. off.' coil 3f7 7715 oft. 7 30 P M (-4T l0g-P} I968MGC, 6 cyc good go. nmilOag., AM FM, wire wheels, onerdrive. etcoilee condetson $1 l0 coHl 373-6149 (g-5. IO&Must Sell This Weeki 1972 Vega HMci dabach, ,A peed flew engine, new radiots asking I4C, be.t buy In town coll bane 377 1999 (p3*I05 p) SAJNBEA AtPENE-V I owner, n c cellent condition. $3fl In icc,. $1295. cosh ond-or rood bike eyes 37? .577 (g-St-106-p) *condition, $0 in moore, $1295. cosh ond-or rood bike eves 377-4577 (g-Sr PERSONAL SUlPER BIKES, ine. PAITS-377-bWI1 sE VICE -377-0722 7 DAYS A WEEKC 3441s.W. ARCHE t .D. AU men hove been created to Lorry forward or, over-advancing ciiianan Bohai Writins I-1lBooks on Ihe Boho, Faith ore now availalotthe Hub k~oks,.re I,, I 372 T6t far inlo'rmnon Tarn -fl 1in teems coil lorry 377-834 for in. formation {l-2t-)in-p) I*(PI Are youaVietnam Vofl I'd like to inerview YOU) Coil Keith 37&-044 0 ,-106-p) .nvolop. ,o JOB 1ARE1, on XISe, PERSONAL Student, ,nterre.1r In running to, Student Seniote or Honor Court Piorido Student Party interviews Mon-Thu 3ipn, S3 JWRU (J-et Ifl-P) $0, the *rot.M high around, try o flhght .n o sl plone-ghdor this weekend Far scI'edutimg, Call 373-0796 oft.r 6pm The Florido Assoctolion QIt la-p) SCUBA DYNAMICmS proudto onnounce o rnew member instructor MARt F SCHRAM completed bhe Insipuctot Training Course in Jacksonville unde the Sonction ci PROFESSIONAL ASSOCIATION of DIVING IN4TfUCtOf$5 Mark will be assuming the positin of Hood Instructor in thorg. of all bosic clossas Mork ,, a senior at U of FP nrolormng in chemistry U At-lOA.P) 3 cots (2 possbly angora), kittor, nt to goad home Food included 373-0766, wanted Stick.,, for John Qonvor concert opr 8 coll 373-W32 oft. 5pm ask for <cndy (J-3T-lO4-P) dMdWn c qulfyn SO eleCtio fr UeS wed ihurs I-$ -m union after 10 pm,,76-,.) (J.ld-,,) b.kpcck. whit. 'tag sp.d. bathing luit ikng hots r, dr ,Ally' Univority Ane aflfl33 (J-fl-l03-C)} GET TOGETHER wit$h your friend nd Formiforinon toll Kent 377-flU (1-311lW-PT Weddngt ieI. I'on' III S per 1WTwo weeks delivery Nundred. of .ypos ClIff Hall Pontng, INs N Moln I f-enl w--d for cano.e t Omlelo A wilene. tri to, the*" on. of ul fr SN f teed plecee oi * ****** * * ** **** ** *** ****** *4 CLASSIFIEDS PERSONAL lcorn korote new closs votig tuo opri rnol& lonmnie, .r no,. info oid place, roll ken 37l-0906 (j St OS-p) wdtl the young 1ody with, the bi,. cr to wimou. i was so obnomios for running me o* th rood no Crytols ho.t mnorndy please coll mnt? 373-0576 i-41M 06p) REWARD OFFERED tar return commra left it 'to 236 mon day Call 0vy 372-9322 message (l-3r-lO6-p)o of Canon first clas 0r leave lost black female short hoir dog-about05 lbs in vicin sty-of-sw6oave-ond2Iterr-no-vag.-choker 373-0077 125 kitten lo. 3-2lat 20* uni, block + white w block noso + thin, FIeo collar answers to Ikittetrewand 373-2766, if you'e gtwn t love ltU ccli + soy eye glasses Found by architecture building or end of wins., q.,onor in hard sEVICES 'Th.Eynglosuper McV" Tho Plant Docnor makos houso coils specializing in vegetable gordon.,, omnomentals, house plants 376-$192 (M. Scuba tla.es stintg opnl1 It oil Wil Kingdom on TV) Allen. Aqulc & 1.'Cnr34 e U-ni-esy An. Leamn saIf-hypno.Js Sfl-in5 Donald 0 P'mqt-Cerlifted AUH (m-4-6-p2 SERVICES I 0 P-NOTOS passports. resume., ond ofpphcolion. riorurol syri. pornali. 377-O79 camera wo'ks tudio 1219 W Univ Ave (rdn91-.p) Europe itoel Af'ico Asio tNovel discounhi yar round student ohr trve mIC 422* Firm Ova 'utkerg@ o M (0) 934-6660 (rn-25t-8-Wp) GRE nREPARATlON CCURSE near U' Is hours, $35. county roeooble frae Scot. i00 by 'he wacnd try or you' mnoriy bock Coil {35) 854-7466 laT 99-p, L.$AI pRpARAila4 COVRME noor uF 20 hois, $70 Half of our students scored over -0 cours. repiectobi. it. )V pq rmprovoment by tho macand try or your money bock Attend tirtr class fr., no obhgolion Coil (30) MA47466 14-?f "9P) pe. IA II. lndependent NM.e MIlgavo, Thuveday. Apsil 3, 1975 ALLIGATOR Just Etost of Maint St. next to Dairy Que.n La -M~MM.'Thurs. -Casino Party Fri. -Open House 8:00? 5:30 -? Dinner hirved at 5:30 2012W.Un-v-s---e F R E E F R E E DANIEL HEIFETZ *"The Brilliant AmeriCan Violin V irtuoso"' ~ University Performing Arts Series Sunday April S at 8:15 p.m. Reltz U. I. flaflreem UT studcmtm FREE Cemeral PubhN:p2.O ipf.n c. en. udt .d ~e.dM.*.e .rinh.,oo Am hifftoee, N.,-udonis rny 'e fl-t. 07 to mch.oie ed r.er.ens itwnver seyfmort nit nel evrevwred .r e.l. p.t.of-.fme r st.n,.i e wltestd l-. not.fe -* ,oe.le.,.,e.~dle.d. .N3. .m. .l.l.R.w.r.A -"""*******6**"*"""GATOR LOAN FUND Presents CARNIGRAS '75 The Biggest Midway Ever! Featuring The George Hanneford Ci TONIGHT THRU 4-12 ROTC DRILL FIELD OPEN: Daily 5 pm Weekends 12 Noon * t rcus I * t * a Al pioceeda go to student loans and scholarshIps -V Mnroihon oroup in gestolt orid bioenerge if Boston bropist limited 06 p)plots, ccii her, 37#-.90 (mIW5-p) PARENT EFFECTllWM 5$ ?tRAlNlNG C meomO. Gordon'. Course will begin new dlams Apr 8. '-'0 p. 37S.P7 oft. HOC5ES BOARO LIlo Prairie Ranch toom Stalls V7S, Posiwre 525 3?6-47l9 bye (I to-Ip) SCUBA CLASS stun~s April 6 all oquipmont provided including mnok, fin., snorkel, C, 'oaks, rfgulotor, full wensuit. ?.xtbook, oilir an d in.entinol c.*flcot'on wit five open waler dive. Cot 135 abolutely no *mtros Coil SCUMA OYNICS tor further infmmction 3?3-fl0 (Wd.I-1Looking for a fun WAF way 'a earn 'cubo? $50-SCM heClot. include 4Aprn 2 ocoondives tnt's Tue Apr B, 7 pm W--wood M--i.SCh-e In-l1-) dv * V rrn a Pu.Cd 37655Afs. A. SN Welcomes W ed. -Foosball Tourney 7:30 -? 

PAGE 15

'C N,. it,&p.,j.,t fl.M. MIIg.4mv. Thmsd.y, AeeI 1 1971 P.g IS W-D BRAND HANDI-PAK USDA INSPECTED PURE (NO ADDITIVES) o ao ft .r La. 4 CA4 "9 I. *" iGROU r WaRU-D STEAK $12 .UC.1.2. .... LflI~fl .....* ..*1" BEEF WUN You "jY A *45 0t ~ANOI-~Ak PRICES r D LB. GOOD ALL PURPOSE WESSON cbIwS.l. nn.ta.ci. $488 ASTOR 48 Pkl Beans, Q~e~Snce. L~.GrOTAns -' rLEi I. .....5 .....4 .......4 Cz$1"J WED. NOC r 'LIuISI tk*. ~N THRU WED. N OON 4 ~'!19 1-LI. CAN ASTOR MAWEL OSE CQFEE BEANS 01c Towels Lrc&i. ........2 CM .. ......38* *. .2 79' '=88'J wbr -acm. .airloiagac. ShiU~. ."* *t*. K~f Patties .3 Smokejic nics Co~e3-mate .Tomato Sauce ~ Ap eSauce -It CI $1', Instant Coffee n *1 flour. .* ....5 *.,*59c EBcg Frda. .Mt 997 .JIIIIIs. 3 as1 HotI Dog 1I0s15 .az 88c Grapefruit. .t 'l" E'ocgs. A 68c D'Anjou Pears 5 2 3 45 .4. 8 1" bronge Juice a 1m orty Pizza .. L 88c Creamer S79' French Toast 6 :z.99c .;S 29 4A 2 S. S19' ueImn~icos ..T -89' ellow Onions 3 A:. $1"0 $100 *1" 49 FLORID CORN POTATOES EARS2O0. eec 3asag. Fiizz ... 1rhcl Fries. .4 :$1" r THRiFTY MAID MLK TURKE HALF DINNER eA. EN~-. -2 .5* Zn 342) VhEuuwuny AVE. Oflesflfly ItBOA.M.?~OOPM 1in441*,606451UNG5 141 N. MU ST. 130K.W. Sme ST. W-D StAND USDA CHOICE SEEP R UND R AST $419 r A ''I = th 

PAGE 16

I' Poe. Th. Th. I.d.~oh.tR.ddo Ailigowi. Thw.doy, A4flhI 2 IY7S Take a-ihrifty Trip Down ProcJ C Crimp Cucumbers. -14 Bell Peppers .:-14 Fresh Eggplant .t 29' Cole slaw *. :9 i.riit Sulad I9 -1 -." "Selected Baby Beet' ..InflatIou Fighter nfril----k .I ---vBonwd Steak *. a. -a s s Oute Eeest .lb *, a -us& TREes9. .ew. a. a,.,.,,,,,,,.,. Bar.Bued Fryons. 99. .,,a. a.,.-, Fruei elmtIb. r49. ., A. ,.,, .,, 17me Ledf. "-r '",9 Peppe .,.t.59 '-4. a e Mas .'"9 

PAGE 17

II. lnd.ident Nl.id. AMlg.,r 1l.y. A4.li1 5 fl ., hr7I Bet.-. C. Le.*. Kitty Salmoen h *s r Un @. WhkSue~rgent,. Top Job Cleamer Cat Cleanser .kI. .e*.*m C. Oreem Beams SpagstlSuuce Freu*h Breeding VaSE.e Wafers UuUter Butter Fig Newteee. molsse Oruhumes Publix reserves the right to imit quantities sold t: 20' '2:: 9y76 '?:: 20' ":: 39. (" 1 2:2. '. 75. 'l -. 94* U' 956 he 946 Regularly 11 98, Iced with vanilla Regularly 6 for 87c. these delicious butter creem. tb's delicious 7-inch round Devils Food Cake Filled with tasty apricot and garnished with buttr str-us-l-'14oz Apricot Coffee Cake D.nih~ A.ky fret-baked Blueberry Muffins a Regularly $1 08. yOur choice ol DI.in. powd-r~ sugar or cinamon styl. Cake Donuts n agig. .82.50 0''".%a *-. *.l. *.fl.fl** a-. -ues-e -. .* *s.d tbn.e had,.e .S. e511d iAmerlin .'" Gsar.--u-'-e .i .aSb ma.e. S.,.n. where ghoppin 'g o pleasure .l''. 'Ira. ---iirep. ri.s mai." a. .'r n. gmemf.l. mer c. .ii ----.---.* ..------.les le ftm sesseeste Il-as. phi. w. 313B UNSALI 46-a ha--."""''"' MAL-M3O NW. 124 at. 0AyggM iifH93e0CSTi @14N.Meal. Ss Ofrawbserry Preserveg '"* 1" Chumk Style Tuma .'Z 49'I""'"""''"Us Che. :: 1. Freckles Cereal ..tz 07* a.' Ii 0.4 5 4 e 59' f.r DANISH = 

PAGE 18

Baker bounces bc ,14A' 'I Boker (R) and Gurvit. brothers ormed for concert ick from (,,nger FlakeCr, the LelebrattedI drummne r o t the originn al 'su per-group'. Credm. has ended his tw0sceir semi-rceiremcnt Iron the rock music touring circuit. His new~ band, the Baker (,irvlt, Army '.ilI appear at the Great Southern Music Hall I htr'das night. April 1 I he group cons,,ts ol Hiker tin tinms. Adrian Giiirvit, on, e',tar. ant Pau ii (turvit, in hass lhe Guirvit brothers Ire former nmemhers of a hand called Gun w hich toured Europe extensively in '%M 'he Baker Gurvit, Army evolved last summer from a chance late night jam in a retirement club I, n London F he multsIclaflS were so C)ihusiastic about their sound, they heigan recordng in .ilbum .1 ,eek later. Baker is a lanky red-haired legend' who haos been rtepeawedly voted the best drtiminer in the '.orld In I 97U. he '.a' named in the Melody Maker pop pollias the wonrld's top drummer Since the demise of Crean,. Blind Fgith, and Airtbrce. he insucccssftlly attempted to keep together several touring hands. Howsevcr. in, I972, Baker moved to lagos. Nigeria to avoid the pressures of touring and pursue his ierest in the The Independent Florida Alligator E TR A MN Peg. ii 1huedr,.AdI 1,975 odies istine ression By DIANA PAGE SORRENTINO Allgalor Conreapoademt Jeans slither on. revealing multi-colored. tight-bodied leotards. the UF Domce Company. itith occasional knee-pads. I he dancers randomly 'elect techniques, many borrowed Irom company class. to lumber up "cold"' mutscles. A number cif leg samu, aFew splits, arches. 'lies. stretches, and the company is armed tp, ready So r r e he ar sal. Fhirny-plus members. A Ahh -the melodious sound of tee violin. It is the instrument thichk probably most ofien can bring on tears of seatinmentolity or quivers of rage. For those who care and most of all for those *ho don't. Daniel Helfeta,. critically aclaimed as the most f1ery and charismatic t iolinist of our time, will he presenting a free concert Sunday night April 6.8,t8:13 p4.1. 1 the J. Wayne Reinz Union Salmronm. Heibit. the son of a celebrated neumo-suruews. began the sjudy of the violin when he tam six *ear old. Now, at 26. is I said by crisis that he has attained a hid, level of leefhulcal perfection. couple males. Backgrounds vary as broadly as the danccrs' torsos and styles of movement. A Psychology major and a Counselor Education major study to enter dance therapy. Classifications encompass English. Engineering, AnIhrmpology, Broadcasting, landscape Architecture and Theatre, among others. To each member, dance represents a release of emotional and physical energy. Each appreciates the body's ability to express and communicate. Modern dance uses the entire body in toll ranges of H-eifetz has studied tender the renowned Elrem Zimbalist. His violin, a Guarnerius d~e Gnsu or "Efrem Zimbalist" was made in 2735. (he of hi. most unusual past concerts 'as at the notorious Tombs, the Manhattan House of Detention, in rail of 1971. He and a colleague played before 2XE inmate, in a room which was the scene of a riot the year before. Front, all critical report. the duo capeinated the unlikely audience. II. morn probably will do ihe sasee here iin Gainayvlle Sunday nIght. Helkta will be playlns selected piece. by Handel. Joh anues Br ahms. B eetihoaie n .g o r Stravinsky. and Bela Bartok. expressions. This is the essence of the LF Dance Company. One dancer, who knew only ballet when she toined the company, said. "My body didn't know what to do with all the movement all of a sudden." Several dancers, members fbortwo years or more, have, as Cheryle Wright, seen the company building gradually. 'The young dancers,' she says. "have. like ,ne. worked up to choreographers.' The women's gym usually houses the company practices as well as the quarterly auditions for aspiring daners. Tonight, however, the dancers warm to the Constans Theatre staje as they do to their ovn bodies. A "real" theatre -and enthusiasm mounts for the wnekend's performance. Dances appear more vibrant; bodies more explains against the Vivaldi music announcing the tirst di lce. ''You work towards proeting yourself to en audience, that's what all the practice and rehearsal time is for." adds Debbie David. dancer and ehornosraphlr. 'it Is to shot, the audience that you see in the musle." The program is dressed with *daiws 'Srng from almost-ballet to Ravpel to .utter jazz to improv'isetIo.,. .Tins Gurucharr says she tales "to dance whatever the music ,,. it it is lyrical. I danae lyrical: if It is jazz. I dance David develops the feeail of.perb'rming dance. ~Therw is a point whetjou finally grasp a dus. whew It stops belsg tme choreographe?'a, and the dancers take it. when they hitl it as much am the choreographer. Otherwise. the dance looks mechakial." Maxine Dow explains p-n me -junther. "When I was hale, I 'as super-scared cii step.s I was 'in me.' People who tritn you to dance try to make jae move It fmm the Inside of you to the audience. Some psopi. communicate lust to the hant vo--you have to learn to gst the fteelbg to the very last row." Wright. while dancing In her numbs,. thinks as a Ames gr. She damn.es he, daters. "watching spatial reltosips to -e If they're putlung acus fatn I want." Perhaps the most elaborate production on the propram of eight dances. Is Debbie David's "JubllaeIou." a .xpart dance to a selected smute of "Godspufl." "Jubilation" earned David her Messe's Degree, rnakng her the Anrt UFP nudest who choreographed a damc for the thesis-. David found "Godipei" after mud, deliberatlo. "If the music is ust Iasp g" she explained. "you're Just RaISE to do a halfway lab." The scar mu muted certain Ideas to her. Moyemest patters were *ullsomgd, *hich she wa cut in Snmi of a mirror. "Jubilation" will be wa. formed with "Tapestup." "Rablat." "Untitled Op.s 7231," "PlastIc klan." "White DINd." "Tocatta." and "White Cimba," Friday and Saturday nIghts, April 4 Snd 5. 8:15 p.m. In the Cesnam Thlats. TIckets. available at the University Don Office are free to ntudists, SI general admbaio. Whil, company classes coatings, tme dancers will psernr Seswe dating the coming qweaitr: at the Umo. Wqd., AU6# ; on May 7 at P.K Tog's Ant Festdval; 2a 7 and IS at Sat. Fe being As Pasvu -Owiedamceradded "We get tur pIaseetm dnclaghfr the aSn ; the get I a no t her w ay .' ) br ing his virtuosity rvthmic comiplexitues ol African music there, he ran a nmght-club, :1 mnitageflint arid Agency company and one ofl Atrica's lirsi multi-track recording studios. He said it w as his wish ii> provide facilities for Airican n,,sictsns and aid in disseminating their ',rk. I his led to govetnmeni interest in mu sic in Nigeria and he vwas invited to help organize the recording o9 the 1975 Black Arts Festihal. There are two shows of the Baker Gurvitz Army, at fl p.m. and I I p.m. the tickets 

PAGE 19

Buffalo's Mc Adoo NBA' S fly Alligator Servicng Bob McAdoo of the Buffalo Braves, the National basketball Assocnatici's leading sCOter. Iwj flamed the league's Most Valuable Player to, 1974-75. the NBA announcrd today. ilakeBcsetr The 6'10" ceniter runner-up oiw aue uk et K(aft1 Abdul-Jabbar In last year's voting, polled SI tint s votes asd 547 Points In runnint away wit h the Podoloff Trophy balloting by NSA players. soSTON CBLTnCS inter Dave Cowens was second this time with 310 poInts. Elvis, Hayes of the Washinnton Bullets .as tht at p2sq, Goldan State's Rick Barry was fourth *iths 2S4)pnts 4nd Abdul-Jabbar rounded out the lop tive iwith It.' I m really happt. I can't believe is. it seams like a dream." aid McAdoo. an overahelmnn choice for Rookie of the Year honors as a lor,.ard in 1972-73. E m lucky I started owt on a young learn instead of one of thoe '.,th 'eterans. I d still be a betnch-warmer." McAdoo B UT THAT seems unlikely. In his rookie year. he averaged IS8 points and QI1 rebounds pefame. That was just a w aritlp or a sophomnort season in which he led the league in scoring ith 30.5 points per game, had the top shooting perctintage 'nith 54.7land lAss third in rebounding with 15.1. MV P [-he 23-veer-old McAdoo passed up his saemor year at North Cjrolmna. becoming eligible to turn professional under the NBA's hardship rule. He "as the second select,,., in the jplaver draft behind LaRue Martin of she Portland Trail Blazers. Entering Tuesday flight's tame against the Chicago Bull. McAdoo topped league scorers .ilk 34.6 points per game. was third itt rebounding with 14.2 and led the league in minutes played with 3.370. "What makes 'inning the MYP o hard to believe is that I "as a high school and college kid gust a few years ago." MoAdoc said. "Now. all the players I heard about and read about think i'mt the best. And that's an hocor man?" Bus y Bishop has mode UF national golf power i" by IC."'a"c UF GOLF COACH BUSME BISHOP ofnCili for plcynrsmergns beyond olese By JEFF ADAMS Alligak.rSpds Writ. Approximately 32 years ago, Buster Bishop was coaching one of his first football nines at Gamnesville High School. "It was raining very hard that day.'' Bishop recalls. 'so I went to the closet and Rot one ci my father's felt hats to tnear at the game." THE UESULT of that game may be in the records books somewhere but the real sigimilcance ofihat day is that somethiniR of a legendary trademark w.as born. ['er smnee that djay. Buster Hishop Fhas been a selflprtwlaimed "hatbearer' and to thhs das he is rarely seen twithotit 0ne His hal has grown to be somleIhmng ol a symbol representmnR the success of UF golf that miaty people in the collegiate ranks around the country are familiar with. BISHOP IS the UF golf coach and one of the most successful in the country. leading the Gators to two IJCA A titles. He is the shortish man you will see race-horsing around the UF Golf Club like there as no Bak lWnel voe dw By AUptSurnles Eperimenisi balk lines Used during spulug training games have been voted down bor the second straight year. Otliy five of the nine UCLA has received permIssioni to talk with and inter'ie'. Illinois basketball coach Gene Bartow ab~ous replacing the tttiring John Wood., A spokesman say illnois Athletic Director Cecil Coleman *Msapproah bydi.D. Mo n he orhletic director it LUCn,.TM-eer ud btowjlind llinois a yar agoL fo Mchpe Is 'te n his tern &iiwhd second to1 UCAi Wig 1973NCAA Antls, His luteaos tern had an8-Secr a muer'alaI Culiforula to attend a meeting of the NA a emite members of the official playing rules committee voted to keep the lines in f'or the egular seasonSeven votes "er needed. Under the rule, a pitcher must step directly to Cirst or third base when making a rickofi throw or he is charged 'uath 1i balk. The experimental chalk lines were draw n at angles 45 degrees from the pitching rubber. If a pitcher tailed to step over the line, a balk net to be called. Opponents say the angle of 45 degrees is not quite right and it works a hardship a. 'ome pitchers -especially out riwhthaaidefs. or those who 'sork the rubber front cccend or the other.tomorrow. And of course, his crewcut top will be disguised by that unmistakable white straw hat he sports nowadays. Since 1973 he has been the full time manager of the University Golf Club. job encompassing sonmc 60 hours of solid work each week. "I'M RUNNING out of my ears." Bishop said. "taking care of the golf team, the pro 'hop, my lessons and the golf course" at the house in IS minutes." Bishop said in his deep Southern drawl. "They know I'm interested in then totally and if they've tot any type of problem, they know I enjoy discussing it with then." he said. "And 1(1I can elpthem in any way. I "I ThOROUGHLY en joy being with my players anytime, anywhere." On the subject of training 'I'Ve always been a person who enjoys helping other people' Buster Bishop Even with all these activities to keep him busy, Bishop derives immense satisfaction from his work. "I've always bee., a person .ho enjoys helping other people." Bishop said, referring to his lesson duties."And it gives me as much pleasure as anything I do to see a wide grin come on 'omeone's lace after hitting a itood shot." the coach said. ANOTHER AsPECr of his twork tahich Bishops derives tremendous pleasure from is t'orking with his players. As Golf World magazine once put is, 'Buster Bishop is a singular man and it is his affection for his players that entries beyond all elsa He mentioned once that some of his players regard him -a father. Bitt one player suspects that. even more, he regards thati as moos." "I thoroughly enjoy a boy calling me and saying I'll be nules, Bishop will be the first to admit he is a stickler for good conduct and behavior on the part of his players. "Ihave a reputation of my own." he said. 'I'm not a drunk and I don't drink, and they're not wupposed to drink. I'm not so naive to think they don't but when we go on a trip they know exactly the conduct expected of them.n' he said. One of the keys to this likeable cotch's success with the golf program has been his persuasive personality when it comes to recruiting. He isn't a recruiter in the true sense of the word because he rarely goes out after player. mIs METUOD consists of going to junior tournaments to seek out tiw talent, writing letters and comatlqyoung stars he hii s a test In and would ie to haweo. the UP gait team. owe the yer Bso has coached sanea sf he flamet oolhegane talest to 3t dhe professional golf tour. Names like Bob Murphy. Ste Melnyk. and Andy North to flee a few, have gone on to 115d sums on the pro tour. And many frel recent UF graduate and super player of the past four veirs, Gary Koch is destined for much of the same in the near future. The undisputed pinnacle of a collegiate coach's career is snnning the big ofie -the national championship. And Bishop has done so twice. "Both were highlights of my career" he said. 'The first was most rewarding. but the second was equally usatiSyinlpt LAST YEAR the Gators~ iwere looking to repeat their tile ol 1973 but ran into a young hand of upset-minded Wake Yorest Deacons who conquered the Gators. "You have to tip your hat to Wake Forest. because they :,laved treat." Bishop said. 'But now everybody is looking forward to us butting heads with Wake Forest.' he said. looking ahead to June and the NCAA tourney. WITH TWI1O NCAA titles. numnrus SEC titles and a trophy case on display in the pmo shop as impressive as any in colilgate golf, it is no wonder Bishop says 'the golf program has reached peak as high as any in the country. I just want to keep it where '.e've got it and try and keep UIF in the top 10 year in and year out. Bishop said miodestl y. In the meantime. Buster Bishop keeps on churvuing out 60 hour workweeks. reconstructing the golf course. curing a slice on the lesson tee, counseling one of his players, or engaging at home in his favorite hobby of And he'll keep right -n doing so "as long as I cat do the job." he said. Until th. day he retires, the -a -ern thet famlls wlike s. hat will aSiine to make UF gulf a uymbul of gleatin I. the coibdga -el wagS. 6 Florida Alligator t 'S 9- 

PAGE 20

N.g 20,.1%. lnd.pndens MRondo MIugesor. Thunsdoy. ApsI:, 197ns UF softball team loses to Flag ler I he IF wome,,' softball le.,m meit with defeat Jog clinic to be held on Sun day Gamnesvijles first ,ogwin* cinic will be held this Sunday at Percy Beard Field bcginnitg at 3 p.m. UFE cross country coach Hoy Benson said the clinic. Gainesville Chamber of who are lust starting to log get an idea of what to do." b teatured mnstrudion by Dr. Ruth Alexander, Chairman of the UP Women', PE department, and Dr. Phil medical aspects of cu ing. "Our goal is to bring people together for future afimnoon fun runs and get this to be a standard thing." said Benson. I uesdav. 4. 10-2. ina game 'eric' against ranked Flagler Collere 'II top F'hough a cloud of gloom jell over the Lady Gators they ga'e Flager their toughest competition for this season. "FLAGLER WAS Rood in both their defensive strategy dnd hitting, said Lady Gator Coach Vol Abram 'They arc the toughest lean, i the 'tale with record of 6-0. "hohthe^Gator htting .as poor the young second 2 record wil be orkin on their hitting during the week, getting ready for the MiamiDade South Invitational in Miami Friday and Saturday. Eleven teams will be competing ini the Invitational, and Coach Abram is conident that her Caters will be able to hold their own against some tough state teams. INTRAMUREAIl Today is the deadline for signing up for men's dormitory tennis. All tratennties must have a representative present at the draw f'or fraternity golf today. 4 p.m. 220-222 Fl. Gym. A meetin. for Little Sister DiM chairmen will be held today at 4:30 p.m. 220 Fla. Gym. Fifteen members of the UPF Hiking flub hiked the Smnokey Mountains and Nanahalas mountain over spring brtak. The HikiRM flub meets Mondays starting this April 7. 8 p.m., room 220 Fla. (3ym. Hikes along the Suwaftee River and the Smokey Mountains are planned for this quarter. For more information contact Sue Benz, 377-5329. r THIS SUMMER WHY NOT FLY FOR Tronsworld Airlines is seeking stewards and stewordesses for employment this summer. A TWA representative will be on campus to discuss employment opportunites and answer questions. you, 'ronponvho" lo ond roml vow Mas. stoton Hourly briefings will be held at Room 361 of the Reitz Union. MON., APRBL 7-9A M -2PM TUE.A PEILU. 9 A M4PM L. .%e OUR DELI COMES TO YOU sandwiches or subs. Shelley's comes thru with hot pastrami. corned beef, *.e original "KA" Sub, the Cuban Sub.almost any dell-type goody you want. And they bring It fast and fred, right to your door or your offie. You con .sjoy lt wih Ilne b.ror wnesandoavariy of dessets. For a long time now, people hdv. depended on shelley's. Try Shein and ycull -e why. 37-95 r HELP YOURSELF BY HELPING OTHERS .-11 PROGRAMS IN SAMSON --. something for everyone VOLUNTEER RECRUITMENT AND ORIENTATION TUESDAY APRIL 8 7:30PM REITZ UNION AUDITORIUM 2nd Floor CALL ANYTIME AT 392-1608 GET HIGH p Ne 1.I.tfl. Cs~* As Equal ~~nunny Er.~Jov. A g,'' .9. -'I -a 
