
PAGE 1

The loreda Agtator Vol. 63, No. 106 University of Florida, Gainesville Thursday, March 32, 1971 DARK HORSE CANDIDATE EMERGES O'Connell To Seek Senate Seat By RON SACHS County JaI Coapendent UF President Stephen C. O'Connell, his eyes filed with a fimy residue that resembled either drops of Visine or real tears, walked to a microphone in a pren conference Wednesday night and declared, "I offer you my resignation as president of this fine institution." Flashbulbs brightly lit up the expression on his face as the president explained, "I have chosen to serve my country as I have served my university and my state, and will seek the third party nomination for the U.S. Senate from Florida." O'TConelrs resignation came In the wake of massive reforuw he has brought in administration policy and action toward students and faculty. 'Iee black administrators were hired earler this week and faculty rolls increased to include some 200 black assistant professors and fullprofessors. "These are things I've been meaning to do for a long time," O'Connell said in a statement when he announced the sweeping black increases. O'Connell's resignation came as a surprise to many in the state who viewed the functioning of UF under him as "the smoothest ever." Fln-d football coach Doug Dckey said the resIgnation woud "sealoudy"hpair morale of the Gator football team. Telegrams poured .in from across the campus and state congratulating O'Connell on his decision -some for the choice to run for the Senate, others for the announcement of retirement from university life. "I once said that I wanted to see this university be first in the state and second to none in the nation," O'Connell said. "Now, I must admit to you that I think I bit off more than I could chew. running this campus is a big job, involves alot of tough decision, -that's why I've decided to take it easy for a while and try my hand at running the country," he explained. Philosophy professor Ken Megill was chosen by the Board of Regents as interim UF president. Former UF professor Marshall Jones returned to the campus today to take over as chairman of the Committee on Tenure while Robert Canney was reinstated by O'Connell as a "last testament of my faith in the usefulness of outspoken teachers." Dickey Conveys His 'New Look' By JEFF KLINKENBERG Aigator Special Pemon Smiling broadly, UF head football coach Doug Dickey announced today what he called his "new look." At an early morning press conference Dickey told reporters that he had "seen the light." "I know a lot of people consider me ultra-conservative and insnsitive," he said. "Some-' people have gone as far as saying I'm narowninded. "Well, I hope that's in my past" According to Dickey, football players in the future will be permitted to wear their hair at any length, wear any kind of clothes and be allowed to DOUG DICEY .Sl' ng -I participate in any campus organization. "People shouldn't get uptight about long hair," Dickey grinned. "In the past, I did, but I was wrong. People should worry about what's inside that penon -not his hair length. And as long as it doesn't intecfre with the way he plays fotd, he has the right to look the way he wants. I think coaches who worry about hair length have a hangup about their own mnculinity. "I'm also thinking of terminating the Lettermen's Club in favor of some kind of league of athletes," he continued, polishing his wire-rimmed sunglasses with his broad orange and blue tie. "If there was ever a more useless organization, I'd like to see it. All the Lettermen's Club has ever done in the past is have cookouts or intimidate freshmen. "I believe it is the responsibility of football playess to involve themselves in Isues other than football. They should not live a sheltered exisance. They must involve themselves in some of the serious issues of the day. I think some kind of league of athletes might fulfl this need." Dickey also said that he planned changes' in his coaching philosophy. "All work and no play makes a dull boy," Dickey chuckled. "I (SEE 'DICKEY' PAGE 2) The UF Division of Housing has decided not to tear down the Flavett Ill married student housing area and Is reopening applications for residency. The Board of Regents has also decided to open bids for the construction of Flavets IV and V. Dr. Harold Riker, director of Housing, said that the new Flavets will be patterned after the old one. "Thse kids want cheap rent and they shall have It, however they are going to get slummy conditions along with it. You get what you pay for." Athletes' Hall To Become A Coeducational Dormitory By VICKIE RICH Executive Sports Editor Due to the emphasis and recognition of female athletics and its growing participation in intercollegiate competition, Yon Hall will become a coeducational dormitory in September. The four-floor structure located within the east stands of Florida Field currently houses male. athletes on the second, third and fourth floors. A lounge and a cafeteria occupy the first floor and a. new dressing room is currently being constructed in the basement of Yon. into a section of the Tolbert Area. Members of the women's basketball, softball, tennis and swim teams will be housed on the fourth floor of Yon Hall. Such facilities as the cafeteria, TV room and weight room, with added figure control equipment will be made available to the girls. Athletic Director Ray Graves said this is only a temporary situation and the Athletic Association is planning to build a'permanent dormitory for the' girls within the West stands of Florida Field, which currently houses the College of Journalism and Communications. In order to provide space for the girls, the Construction plans are presently being drawn uo freshman football team wil temporarily be moved for a new Journalism building. FLAVETT III TO LIVE 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Floreds Agitator, Thursday, March 32, 1971 Third Annual Hurti' Gator Awards To Student Government, which has had its foot in everything, some Absorbine Jr. To the UF tuition, the hit single, "We've Only Just Begun." To the transportation department, a solid gold commuter tag, valid nowhere. To UPD, a silver motorcycle to the officer who finds the car with the solid gold commuter tag. The Great Acting Award to Jane Fonda, who -while making her speech only winced slightly upon seeing her photograph of times past hanging outa window. Bloodhound Award goes to Housing's infamous Resident Advisors (RA) who for some reason have had colds in their noses since a certain dictum from the administration. They have been seen (and heard) walking down the halls going "sniff, sniff" and having watery eyes as If there was some sort of pollution in the air. Good Mother Award goes to Audrey, Graham Area's feminist duck who for nearly one month made people passing by her dormant eggs think her husband, Beuford, was frigid. Neglecting her duty by gallavanting in the pond with Beuford and seral dogs when she should hae $eet sitting on them, Audrey sh she didn't want a family and she and Beuford have been waddling alone around the pond since. Shevin: Uhfelder Needs Approval To Spend Funds By CARLOSJOTA LICEA cuban Correspondent and GARY PASFAL Alligator Staff Trandator Florida Atty. Gen. Robert Shevin said Wednesday Student Body President Steve UhIfelder cannot spend money from his presidential projects fund because the fund violates parts of the Florida Constitution. In a press conference held in Tallahassee, the attorney general pointed out parts of the constitution which specifically prohibits "any expenditure made by the executive branch which are not previously approved by the legislative branch." Since the constitution does not say which specific branch, Shevin contends the constitution applies also to UF since it is a part of the state. Shevin said any expenditures which Uhlfelder could have to be DICKEY. FROMPAGEORE guess in the past I've tried to take the fun out of football in, my desire to win, win, win. Well it's nice that the athletes enjoy what they're doing." brought .to Tallahassee for approval by the Florida Legislature. In Gainesville, Student Senate President Rick Horder expressed his surprise with the statement by Shevin and said that any expenditure "made by (Gov. Reubin) Askew will then have to be brought to the UF Student Senate for approval." When confronted with the statement made by Horder later on in the afternoon, Shevin agreed with the president of the UF Student Senate and said the constitution of the state -as-it is written now -forces Ascew to bring his expenditures to the UF student senate. "After the Florida Legislature approves an executive expenditure, that bill must then be sent to UF to be approved by the Student Senate," Askew said, "since that body is also a legislative branch." When Uhlfelder was contacted last night he seemed surprised Dickey said his change of philosophy came about after a dream in which he was visitedby three spirits a ghost of football past, present and future. "They resembled Jack Youngblood, Fred Abbott and Carlos Alvarez, respectively," Dickey said. with the development of the events and said, "I might as well run for governor." A student senator who refused to identify himself, but was present during the interview with Uhlfelder said he will start impeachment procedures "as soon as possible" in the Florida legislature to unseat the student body president. Young Americans for Freedom (UF chapter) Chairman Mike Carr said he had "no comment to make" about the situation. However, Carr hinted he may announce soon his "candidature for governor." I C I I C I I "F',L To Steve Uhifelder $1.95 to spend on whatever and whoever he wishes. come along with FREE RIDE Dance and Concert Reitz Union South Terrace APRIL 2, 1971 9:00 PM -1:00 AM FREE!!! Sponsored by J. wayne Reitz union Flower Arranging Classes' Thursday, from April 8 to May 27 7:00 to 9:00 pm room 118, Union Instructor: Joel Buchanan $7.50 Register at the first dass sponsored by the J. wayne Reitz Union TODAYj I C C 0 NAME BRANDS-. A.TPEOPLES PRlCES! LANDLUBBER LIBERTY MK TYU SEAFARER VALOR B ~MAXINA MARC 101 VICEROY FANTASTIC SELECTION JONES OF JEANS, .e.eee4 I I Ig ~~m~mee.WW -.iUIe! n e 109 N. Main St', THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the University of Florida and is published five times weekly except during June, July and August when it's published semi-weekly, and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida Alligator, Reitz Union Building, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32601. The Alligator is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida 32601. Subscription rate Is $10.00 per year and $3.50 per Quarter. The Florida Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of all advertisements and to revise or turn away copy it considers objectionable. The Florida Alligator will not consider adustments of payments for any advertisement Involving typographical errors or erruseous Insertion unless notice Is given to, the advertising manager within (1) one day after the advertisement appears. The Florida Alligator will not be responsible for more than one Incorrect Insertion of an advertisement scheduled to run several times. Notices for correction must be given before the next Insertion. .-.-.-.-.-.-.-.a .-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-. .......... m 

PAGE 3

The Florida Alligator THE SOUTHEAST'S LEADING COLLEGE DAILY Vol. 63, No. 106 University of Florida, Gainesville Thursday, April 1, 1971 Beginning of black-white coalition Poor march against repression By MIKE CAHUN Aigat-e Staff Wuer "The most important accomplishment of todays poor people's march against repression," Steve Johnson, one of the organizers of the march, said, "was the beginning of a coalition between black and white people in the state of Florida, who see the issue of racism as being important." Originally scheduled to commence at 1 p.m., the march started an hour late because the buses from Jacksonville came in late. An estimated 250 marchers stopped at the Gainesville County Jail where a small rally was held. From there, they paraded to the Alachua County Hospital, where Hosea Williams Gainesville's assistant to Rev. Ralph Abernathy spoke to the crowd about equal employment and discrimination. In the course of the two hour march, the food store where many of Gainesvflle's poor obtain and use their food stamps and UF law school were paraded, whie raRys were held. Many stores In the "black community", according to Johnson, were marched upon and a boycott on certain stores was called for due to either the racist practices of the owner or the selling of food that had rotted. "Considering that many of the poor people in this community must work during the day," Student Body President Steve Uhlfelder, said, "the turn-out for the rally was very good." "The purpose of the march," Roy Mitchell, coordinator of disadvantaged students said, "is to non-violently demand an end to hunger in the US., demand equal and fair representation in goveAment, to peacefly demand the immediate release of all political pdsoners, to non-vilueniy demand the right to organize, to demand an end to racist education In our cities, to demand an end to police brutaity and huusaament, to danusd an end to American agremlon in Vietnam, Cambodia and other third world countries Poor people's march reaches GaInesville .parading, rallying, making peaceful demands where American imperialnns is evident." The march, which originally began March 22, is divided into three branches. The first in Miami, the second in Jacksonville and the third in Tampa. The Jacksonville branch marched through Gainesville today. All three branches are expected to meet and combine April 1, for a massive non-violent march on Raiford and later meet in Tallahassee April 4. The Tampa branch was held up in Tampa, March 31, due to arrests made for trespassing. At 8 p.m. Wednesday night, a meeting was held in Santa Fe Junior College, SE campus to discuss the organization of the rest of the march. "The people marched to express the grievances of both black and white In Gainesville and to bring attention to the terrible conditions." Johnson said, "Hopefully we've accomplished that and more." Students respond to Calley verdict By CARL CRAWFORD and MARY ANN WHITLEY Alligtor Staff WrIas Student reaction to the Calley verdict was swift and several UF students said they were opposed to the life sentence given the young Army Lt., found guilty of killing 22 Vietnamese civilians at My Lai in 1968. Student Body President Steve Uhifelder said, "Unless they indict-everyone from the President to the Chiefs of Staff to the generals in charge of the operation It isn't fair to indict one m." Uhlder also said he felt anyone guilty of the crimes Caley ms convicted of should be rephumanded and punished. "However, everyone should realize they all ihare a portion of the guilt as citizens, voters and taxpayers who favor this tragic war." Brad Eshleman, President of the Gator Raiders, said the life sentence was "better than giving Calley the death sentence." "He should appeal and win the appeal. I don't feel the trail was fair," said Eshlepian. Bruce Ellis, a member of the new Union of Florida Students said Calley should be let free. "I think the Claytons, the Westmorelands, the Nixons and scapegoat and shouldn't have been singled out for a Wrial. Ben Kien, 2 UC, voiced the sentiments of mny students when he said, "I think the whole thing is a farce because in a war you're either in a war or playing games and in Nam they're playing games with the lives of u. Soldiers." Lt. William L. Calley, Jr. the Johnsons should be tried," said Ellis. "They're responsihic. Caley's just a pawn; he was trained to kil and he did his duty," said Still other studentscommented they felt the trial was unfair and Calley shouldn't be punished. Several other students contacted said they believed Calley was guilty and should be punished. Jane Cato, 2 UC, was one of these and she said, "I think justice has been done in our (judicial) system." Calley was tried by a military court. Miss Cato said Calley was a Other reactions from the campus included 1,000 members of the UF Physical Plant Division circulating a petition protesting the verdict. J.C. Mayhair, a UF employe and former Marine Sgt. who served in the Korean war, said, "I don't think it's fair." Mayhair is one of those circulating the petition from door to door in the Gainesville community and said he would like someone to help circulate the petition on campus. "I think the president ought to reverse the charges and let this boy go," said Mayhair. Legislation pending to make more loans available By MIKE CAHLIN Aigator Staff Wdtar Federally insured bank loans for students will be easier to obtain pending legislation on several key bills before Congress. Victor Stern, 3AS, on an invitation from U.S. Congressman Don Fuqua, (D-Fla.) spent five days in Washington talking with senators and congressman concerning the financial aid problem facing todays college students. Stem told congressman, "Students want to share the responibility equally with the government. The problem with the present federally Inaired loan program is that It is not beneficial to the banks participating in the program. "What is needed is to develop some type of bill to alleviate the problem banks are confronted with over loaned money being tied up for a long periods of time." "A sort of secondary market is required, where banks, after making loans to the students, can sell the student's bank note back to the government. In this way, not only do they get their money back quicker but are able to help more students," Fuqua said. While in Washington Stem met and spoke in depth with Senator Lawton Chiles, Congressmen Fuqua, Claude Pepper, Dante Fascell, and white house aid Herbert Klien. "I spoke to each one separately," Stern said, "and tried to make them understand that students want to assume an equal responsibility along with (See 'March'page 4) ----------4k 

PAGE 4

Pep 4, The Florida Alliptor, Thursday, April 1, 1971 YAF Sponsors protest rally By CONNIE DANIEL Alligator Writer A protest against Communist oppression, sponsored by UF Young Americans for Freedom (YAF), is scheduled for noon today in the Plaza of the Americas. YAF and representatives from three other groups were originally scheduled to speak against the recent "People's Peace Treaty," the sufferings of the Cuban people under Castro, the plight of the Soviet Jews and the treatment of the American POW's by the North Vietnamese. Originally Cadet Lt. Col. John Gunter of the Arnold Air Society was to speak on the American prisoners of war, but said Tuesday he would not give the speech. He said he called Air Force Maj. Gordon Feitman, the societies advisor, when he began to feel YAF "was going to try to make this a political thing." Maj. Feltman, confirming the call, said he told Gunter "to stay away (from the rally) as an ROTC cadet or a member of the Arnold Loans. FROM PAGE 3 government. I tied in the Vietnam war, the draft, college life, especialy emphasizing that not all students are bomb throwers, and tried to play down the money aspect. At the end of each of my talks I presented each person with a copy of Dr. Tom Ianna's book, "Evolution-Revolution Bodies In Revolt." It tells where the young people are today." Stern has been invited back up to Washington by Congressman Pepper to discuss a new bill concerning the addition of new department in the President's cabinet. The Department of Youth Affairs, "will give youth a chance to have some say in the government," said Stem. The department will be run by someone 25-30 years old and will employ only persons from 18.24. The department will be in charge of such organizations as VISTA and the Peace Corps. Stern will also be the chairman of a new legislative relations committee on UF. Whereas the United Students for Action (USA) lobbys on a state level and tries to educate students on state problems, this committee, according to Student Body President Steve Uhifelder, will concern itself with national problems, that students are confronted with." "This committee will deal primarily with problems concerning UF students that will come before the senate and congress." Uhifelder said, "It wiR hopefully educate the students to certain problems, such as drugs or federal loans." "The committee will deal with people on a state and federal level," Stem said, "and will deal with all affairs that directly or indirectly effect students in UF or throughout the country. It will give us a chance to be heard." A partial listing of banks that have decided to join the federal insured loan program are The First National Bank of Miami, The Citizens Federal and The City NationalvBank. All these banks are involved in the $15 million worth of pledges Chiles and Jerry Donaway, a representative from Health Education and Welfare, received, when they met with the Dade County Bankers Association, in Miami several weeks ago. -------------------ROCK AT THE RAT This weekend with BLUE POWER HOUSE FRIDAYS GUYS 75 GALS 50t ORGON ZABEL SATURDAY 25t FOR ALL It's what's happening at 00 RATHSKELER" Air Society. We're a part of the federal government. We can't be part of anything political." He added he did not tell Gunter he could not speak as an individual. Tim Condon, IUC, recently discharged from the Marine Corps, has agreed to take Gunter's place. Lou Isla will describe the Cuban plight. He's a member of the Cuban Student Federation, but according to sources, Isla wull not be speaking as a representative of the federation, but as an individual. The "People's Peace Treaty" was described by Mike Carr, YAF chairman, as "Hanoi dictated." He said "the so-called treaty accepts almost word for word the North Vietnamese and Viet Cong surrender demands in Paris." Carr will speak against it. The treaty, which says "The war is carried out in the names of the people of the United States and South Vietnam, but without our consent," was signed by officers of the National Student Association and UF studentbody president Steve Uhlfelder. Carr said a student will be speaking on behalf of Soviet Jewery, but did not indicate a name. JAMES TAYLOR at the RATHSKELLER APRIL FOOLS BUT COME TO THE RAT IT'S OUT OF SIGHT Student fres to aei Save up to 13O6 roud-trip jet Jet to Luxembourg in the heart of Europe vio Internationol Air Bahama A). Our new student fore is $300 round trip from Nas' sau todd $40 RT from Miami). If You stay averseas over 45 days or under 17 days, you'll save $306 from Miami to Luxembourg asagainst lowest comparable fares of any other scheduled airline. Effective for students, ages 12 to 26,L who depart before June 1I or after August 15. Lower fares for groups. You'll save on lAB no matter how long you stay overseas. See your travel agent. To: International Air tahoma, 25 S.E. Second Ave., Miami, Fla. 33131 (3tt51379-9591 Send tolder C Non Lowest jet L Fares to Europe 0 on Student Fares Q Name S.tre Scet Stae .zip ICELAN&IC AIROM S. GeralAgents Easy Reader took the Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics course and doesn't spend all day doIng homework. He enjoys life. WANT TO BECOME AN EASY READER! Visit the Evelyn Wood Reading Dynamics institute today at 3:00, 5:30 or 8;00 Pm to attend the sessions concerning the Spring information series of classes that begin soon; or call 372-600 for information. 3:00, 5:30 & 8:00 pm 1125 We Univrsity Ave. next toDonigeans Seefgvehd READ1NIN M1CS s a I 

PAGE 5

By CAROL BRADY Alllptor Staff Wrter J.P. Curry, UF senior medical student, broke the world egg eating record Wednesday afternoon. Curry downed 50 raw eggs in 27 minutes, chasing every ten eggs with a sip of Hop'n Gator. The former world record was 25 eggs in one hour. "I've always wanted to be a champion," Curry said later that afternoon, "and this is my thing." The historic first was witnessed by some twenty medical students, as well as two members of the medical school faculty, Dr. Gene Sanders, of the Department of Internal Medicine, and Dr. Robert Cade, inventor of Hop'n Gator and Gatorade. Curry explained that his egg eating career began at age 19, when he was broke and living in the basement of a townhouse. Curry relied on his landlady's refrigerator for his nourishment and was forced to eat his first raw egg. He described it as unappetizing at first. Curry did not fast or make any special preparations for the event. "I ate a normal breakfast, a glass of ovaltine, a banana, and three ra;; Cggs," he said, "the contest started as a regular lunch break." Curry said there is no real trick to eating the eggs, however, he does prefer to eat the eggs whole, with an unbroken yoke. According to Curry, the J.P. Curry ...50 eggs in 27 minutes Qualifying deadline for elections today Today is the last day for qualifying for Student Government (SG) elections according to Craig Hunter, SG secretary of interior. "The deadline for qualifying for the top five Senate and Honor Court Justice seats is 5 p.m." Hunter stated. Hunter said that any interested parties are urged to qualify before the deadline. "There hasn't been a large response for qualification," Hunter added, "there are still many places to be filled." "Tr-EAT out often act" Restaurant and Coffee Shop SUNSHINE 2601 N.W. 13th St. SHOPPING Serving CENTER BAKFAST LUNCH DIN TALK OF THE TOWN Hot Meat Loaf Sandwich 89 Open Style 89 whipped potatoes, gravy, ripe tomato slice CORNED BEEF CABBAGE NIGHT "Talk of the town" included: tiny whole' po$SO ;bute roland14~iW,ip pie "Student Special" ASizzling Sir Broil Potatoes -Salad Garlic Toast ,Onion Rings $L89 Hop'n Gator "enhanced his ability to eat the eggs because it caused him to belch, relieving him a bit. After downing the final egg, Curry stood on his head to show he was in good physical condition. "I feel a little bloated, but not really that much different," he reported. The feat, according to Curry defies claims concerning the dangers of too much chloresterol, which the eggs contain. Tests are being run on Curry periodically by the medical staff in order to observe the effects of eating such a large' number of eggs. Curry intends to try and beat his own record in the near future. "A true champion would never let it go at that," he said. ---I Irk Student eats 50 eggs kL Pulitzer-prize winner, James Michener, recreates the tragedy at Kent. In an eye-opening book condensation he reveals, step by step, the events that led to the fatal shootings. It is all here, including the surprising reactions from adults and students across the country, and Michener's advice about handling the division between American lifestyles.Oneof 38articles and features in the April READER'S DIGEST Patronize Gator Advertisers i El U "Iquit playing peek-a-bhoo with a mirror, and called" ELAINE POWERS FIGURE SALON for a COMPLIMENTARY TRIAL TREATMENT Mrs. Laura Sumner went from a SIZE 16% TO SIZE 12 lost 3211 lbs. April is a dangerous month for anyone who has a tendency to put on-weight. You're fighting the extra pounds left over from the holidays .cold weather seems to encourage undue snacking and nibbling. Before you know what's happened, you'll be greeting spring up an additional dress size or two. Don't let It happen to youI Call Now 372m9372 or 37241744 or Your Complimentary Trial Visit & FlgweAnalysis ..Your New Slimmer Dress Size is as near as your Telephone! .-u--G.UARANTEED--. REG. T. M. U R N ED *IF YOU E A DRESS SIZE IF FOR ANY I s~vo~ ~IA~sze OBY AY2REASON You j 1 YO1 SIE 5E510ByMAY 2 falto receive the 22~ ~~~$1 12 YO A E ueBY MAY22 s 7gv o ts -YOu AN s A auas 14 BY MAY?7 results listed, Elaine 22 YOi A e RX1I 16 BY tMAYV22Poe OE-P MANAGEMENT, INC. 171 li OfuT4s WITHOUT CNARG5 -240 IW21st AVE. HOURS 9 AM TO 9 PM SAT 9AM TO 4PM COMPLETE 4 MONTH PROGRAM $ '9 00 w mnt UNLIMITED VISITS To' the first 35 to all flwrsdmy. April 1, 1971, The FlorldeAll~poe, POp 5 KENT STAT E WHAT HAPPENED-AND WHY a 1 --.-i wm ,, ""'"""""""""'""""""""""""" """""'""""""""""".e 4 I f' 

PAGE 6

By DAVE ZIEGLER Aligator Staff Writer Chemical Engineering 300 (CHE 300) was not entered into the spring registration print-out, but will be offered Monday and Wednesday afternoons seventh period for intercstei students. Che mical Engineering Professor Seymour Block, CHE 300 course lecturer will lead class discussions on current ecological problems. One need not be an engineering major to get into this course. No prerequisites are necessary. Topics of discussion will include: recycling wastes, pollution free cars, the population explosion, and numerous other problems which are affecting our ecology. In .addition to the two lectures a week there will be required reading from the book "Population, Resources and Environment" by Ehrlich and Ehrlich. Fifty per cent of the students grade will be taken front weekly quizzes and the remaining half of your grade will be determined by a project due at the end of the quarter. A student may receive either two or three credits for the course, or a maximum of five credits depending on how much research and work one wishes to undertake on his project. There also will be no final examination in this course. Any student still interested in adding another course to this schedule, or is interested in checking out this course please phone 392-0893, or contact Professor Block. Goldie oldies new feature on WRUF Sounds of "Hound Dog," "Fever," "Only You," and "Lemon Tree" will soon be coming from WRUF. Wax Museum, a new program beginning Sunday April 4 from midnight until 2 p.m., will feature old hits from the 1950's and '60's. Dedications and requests will be taken by calling 392-0771. Students Sam Brill and Richard Ross, are producing Wax Museum as part of WRUF's progressive rock show. It can be heard on WRUF-FM at 103.7 mc every Sunday. Campus Monitor, another WRUF program, puts emphasis on campus information. Due to poor response, the time has been changed to 10-12 p.m. on the AM station at 850 kc. "It's worthwhile to know what is happening," Brill said. Brill said he hopes the new time will help create more interest in the program. Pollution course offered a SOMETHING NEW HAS BEEN ADDED AT SANDWICHES THE LUMBERJACK HAMBURGER 85 Hefty one-third pound freshly ground choice Beef garnished with tomato slices, crisp lettuce, thick slice of onion and pickle spear, served on our own toasted bun, (With Melted Cheese 10c Extra) THE SUPERJACK..............95 Unique aombinaon of our choice diced Roast Beef, Imporsod deosed Nose Pestrami end melted Cheese, 'wedhot. gnsihed with emato dices, crisp lettuce and e"spear, erned on toasted bun. CHOICE-ROAST8SEEF ............90 Lums Famos U.S. Choice Beef Sandwich with Natural Juices served on a toasted bun. STEAK SANDWICH ............1.25 Delidiouly Tender Club Steak. served open-faced on a Toasted Bun with lettuce, tomato and pickle spear. SUBMARINE ................95 Holland Ham, Genoa end Cooked Salami, Provolone Cheese on large toll with lettuce and tomato. HOT PASTRAMI.............80 Generous portion of Pastrami served hot on toasted bun with pickle spear. VPORTED HOLLAND HAM .........75 Heaped high, served hot or cold on toasted bun. (With melted cheese 10c extral TUNA FISH. ....60 Freshly made Tuna Salad, garnished with lettuce and tomatoes, served on a toasted bun. SLOPPY JOE ................55 Deliciously different, ground beef in our own Bar-B-O sauce. (With melted cheese 10c extra) L.UMS FAMOUS HOT DOGS THE CHILI CHEESE DOG .65 Our Famous Lumdog covered with Choi and topped with Metted Cheese. (Onion on Request CtLIOG .......5 Our Fmaos Lumdog covered with a Generous Owelee of Chili. L.UMDQI3 45 The famous Extra Large iVme Hotdg vis vein usoige of ouerlen, fielsh or Oueas. (WktIh Haloed Cheese te EXt1eip MI. ja~e. i*ae* eteeeg~ LUNCH AND DINNER SPECIALS T ROAST BEEF SANDWICH DINNER 1.55~ Lums Famous U.S. Choice Roast. Beef Sandwich ~ Served with Large-Portion of Golden French ~ Fries, Crisp Garden Salad and Choice of Dressing. (Bar-B-0 Sauce on Request.) THE LUMBERJACK DINNER ...1.45 Lum Hefty One-Third Pound Lumberjack flanmrger Served wfth Large Portion -of SGolden French Fries, Crisp Garden Salad and Choice of Dressing. (With Melted cheese, 10c Extra.) STEAK SANDWICH DINNER ...1.85 SLums Delicious Steak Sandwich Served with Large Portion of Golden French Fries, Crisp Garden Salad and Choice of Dressing. SEA FOOD COMBINATION SEAFOOD DINNER ...1.95 Basket of Golden Brown Shrimp, Oysters, Scallops, Fish and Crab Cake Together with Large Portion of French Fries, Cole Slaw, Tartar and Cocktail Sauces, Lemon Wedge, Served with Dinner Roll and Butter. SHRIMP DINNER. ..1.75 Deep Fried Fantail Shrimp Served with Large Portion of French Fries with Cole Slaw, Cocktail Sauce, Lemon Wedge, Dinner Roll and Butter. CLAM DINNER.-. ..1.65 Teader Deep Fried Clams Served with Large Portion of Froenc Fries with Cole Slaw, Tartar Sauce, Lemon WhAe, DlAeerR, I and Butter. FISH'NCHIPS .-. ..90 English Style 'Batter Dipped" Fish on Large Portion of French Fries Served with'Malt Vinegar. CLOAS, ms .-1.10 ISSANDWICH .........G op Fried Flet fOeFn Pish on tasted be with lettuce tomato and tartar sauce. llhaes Aveilhte for Tahe Out. F SIDE ORDERS FRENCH FRIES. .30 TOSSEDSALAD .45 ONION RINGS ..50 COLE SLAW ...25 SAUERKRAUT ....25 us ESSERTS Creamy Cheesecake .......55 Strawberry Shortcake ......60 Assorted Pies .........45 B E V ER AGES Coffee or Tea. .15 Milk .......20, Sanka ......20 Chocolate Milk .20 Iced Tea. .20 Soft Drinks .15 -.25 DRAUGHT }BEERS 3, Budweiser .2er Lar Schlitz, Lt. ..25 A -Schlitz, Dk. .30 .45 Michelob ...35 .60 BOTTLED DOMESTIC BEERS Budweiser .......50 Miller 50 Schlitz .0 Champale .......65 BOTTLED !iMPORTED BEERSq I Asahi -Jqpon Best Ala -Englands. .-.-. Cart sBlanca -Mexico. .. Guinnes Stout -Ijrid. l4einekren's -Hoaned .. Lowenbru -Germany Kirin -Jpn Tuborg -Dentmrk And Others .90 J.9 _______________ II NIKKO FAM-14 NOW $12 AM/FM STEREO TUNER ONLYW129.95 NIKKO TRM-50 NOW 11 PRE-AMP/AMPLIFIER ONLY $119.95 Together they make a lot more than music. They make sense. Beautifully matched styling ... and precision matched for sound. Together they present an array of important features: solid ceramic mechanical filter for increased selectivity; 1.8 microvolts sensitivity; dual tone controls; plug-in module IC's for increased dependability. And together they make it in price. The 66 watt PreAmp Amplifier and the AM FM Stereo Tuner can be purchased separately, of course -but, why break up such a beautiful relationship? NIKKO () MUTN iTZ TE R7IE3 319 N.W. 13+h ST. "'"" *' PHONE 3782331 I1 or I I I 

PAGE 7

Masters program offered in women's studies By BECKY LLOYD Alligator Staff Writer The College of Education now has a Master of Education in Foundations of Education with specialization in women's studies according -to Dr. H. G. Lewis, chairman of Foundations of Education. Courses such as "Women in Literature," "Ideologies of the Women's M ov e m e n t '" "Psychology of Women" and "Female America" were combined with a core of other courses to form the degree program. Only one student, Eunice Martin, is now involved in the women's studies program, but Lewis has had several inquiries about it and believes that more students are becoming interested. Mrs. Martin planned the program of studies within the -flexible masters of education degree. She said she wanted to do something academically that applied to her life. She tried to make the courses meet her individual needs. In courses that didn't deal directly with women, Mrs. Martin centered her discussion in the classroom on women by asking Eunice Martin .involved in Women's studies questions about how women relate to the subject of the course. The "Minority Relations" course didn't discuss women as a minority group, so Mrs. Martin brought this into the discussions. Women's Uberation has often been misinterpreted, Mrs. Martin sad. She thinks Women's liberation involves giving women a free choice. A woman should have the opportunity to do what she wants and not be treated in a negative way, she said. "The old female stereotypes need to be erased." If a woman wants to be a housewife by her free choice, thenMrs. Martin thinks that is great, but she believes women need to have alternatives to the traditional role. Mrs. Martin wants more students to be awate of the courses offered, so they can explore the subject if they want to. "Academic studies on women are important because most psychological and sociological papers that describe how women are and should be are culturally biased and the conclusions they come up with maintain this bias. We have no way of knowing what women are really like," Mrs. Martin said. Mrs. Martin said she believes that male social scientists have determined how women are to be. "They may be right, but that is yet to be proved." Women's studies are important, because experiments Saerb NwFor NSUM6. 0 O a, The Miami Herald a Special Student er: You cansave $2.75 over the regular price by ordering The Miami Herald for the spring quarter delivered to your ON CAMPUS address. The special student price is just $5.50. SUBSCRIBE NOW AND SAVE ORDER BY MAIL Fill in this order and enclose your check for $5.50 for on campus delivery of The Herald. Mail to The Miami Herald, Box 14412, University Station, Gainesville, Fla. 32601. NAME. -------. RESIDENCE. It PHO NE .ROOM NUMBER and research have been so biased with male ideology that we really don't know what women are like, she said. She also stated she believes that oppressed people aren't going to let themselves be oppressed anymore and she considers women to be an oppressed people. rlml"av sst a-wrn m-mbe'mispurvT' Roommates; or Know Your Enemy You'd think that with all the progress we've made in the education game, somebody would have found a cure for roommates by now. But no. Roommates ren-ain as big a problem today as they were when Ethan Mather founded the first American college. (Incidentally, despite what you've heard, Harvard was not the first American college. Mr. Mather started his institution almost 100 years earlier. And it was quite an institution, let me tell you! Mr. Mather built schools of liberal arts, fine arts, animal dentistry and flintlock repair. He built a covered stadium for lacrosse that seated 200,000. Everywhere on campus was emblazoned the stirring Latin motto CAVE MUSSI-"Watch out for moose." The student union contained four bowling alleys, 21 horoscope machines and a 97-chair barbershop. (It was the barbershop, alas, that brought Mr. Mather's college to an early and total end. The student body, alas, then as now, considered haircuts an Establishment hangup, and nobody set foot in the barbershop. The chief barber, Trusott Follicle by name, grew so depressed staring at 97 empty chairs that one day his mind finally gave way. Seizing his vibrator, he ran outside and shook the entire campus until it crumpled to dust. This later became known as "Pickett's Charge.") But I digress. We were exploring ways for you and your roommate to stop hating each other. This is admittedly no easy task, and yet it is not impossible if you will both bend a bit, give little. I remember, for example, my own college days (Berlitz, '08). My roommate was, I think you will allow, even less agreeable than most. He was a Tibetan named Ringading whose native customs, while indisputably colorful, were not entirely endearing. Mark you, I didn't mind so much the gong he 4truik an thehour or the string of firecrackers he ignited on the halt-hoir. I didn't even mind that he singed chicken feathers during his prayers at dawn and dusk. What I did mind was that he singed them ini my hat. To be fair, he was not totally taken with some of my habits either -especially my hobby. (I collect airplane tires and had, at that time, nearly 400,000 of them in our room.) Well sir, things grew steadily cooler between Ringading and me, and they might actually have reached the breaking point had not we each happened to receive a package from home one day. Ringading opened his package first, smiled shyly at me and offered me a gift. "Thank you," I said. "What is it?" "Yak butter," he said. "You put it in your hair. In Tibet we call it gree see kidsfauff." "Well now, that's mighty friendly," I said and offered him a gift from my package. "Thank you," he said. "What is it?" "A can of Miller High Life Beer," I said. "I will try it at once," he said and did. "Not bad," he said. "It is even better when you open the can," I said and showed him how. He consumed it forthwith. "Wowdow!" he cried. "Never have I known such mellowness, smoothness, ambemnes and generalized euphoria!" "Have another," I ,aid. "Oh, I must not!" he cried. "Obviously a beverage of such splendor is made only for rare occasions and is therefore difficult to obtain and costly beyond the reckoning of it." "Ha, ha, the joke is on you," I said. "Miller High Life is brewed every single day by plain decent folks just like you and me and is available everywhere at a price well within the most modest of budgets." "Golly," he said. "Sortof makesaman feel humble." "Yes, don'tit?" I said. Then silently we clasped hands, friends at last. I am proud to say we remain friends to thisdiy. We exchange cards each Chrstmas and each Fourth of July,firecrackers. *ougk/kashoel1uJ kll I V- 

PAGE 8

PagI~ The Fkielda *Rtg.inr,'Thhllid.y,'A~rll 1:10?? tditoria1 Scapegoat? "The unfailing formula for production of morale is patriotism, self-respect, discipline and self-confidence within a military unit, joined with fair treatment and merited appreciation from without. ..it will quickly wither and die if soldiers come to believe themselves the victims of indifference or injustice on the part of their government, or of ignorance, personal ambition or ineptitude on the part of their military leaders." Douglas MacArthur Lt. William Calley Jr. was sentenced to life imprisonment at hard labor by a six-man military jury Wednesday. To say the least, we're disturbed. It seems justified that Calley was convicted, but premeditated murder seems to imply there were no legal orders to kill at My Lai. Sen. Herman E. Talmadge, D-Ga., said Wednesday he thought many Americans believed Calley was being burdened with the responsibility for the entire war. Granted, but Talmadge showed a misunderstanding of the jury's verdict when he said, "As a former combat veteran myself, I am saddened to think that one could fight for his flag and then be court-martialed and convicted for apparently carrying out his orders." Sen. George S. McGovern, D-S.D., a declared candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination, got a little closer to home with his reaction. "We should not concentrate on war crimes and war trials, but on changing the policies. .." We agree. Don't let Calley's verdict distract attention from the broader issue. Calley was used as a scapegoat by the same men he still chooses to refer to as his superiors. (After receiving his sentence, Calley said he would serve the best he could.) A guilty scapegoat, but still a throwback from the use of a sacrificial lamb. The military thought it had found a solution by trying Calley for his war crimes. By its actions, what these military leaders don't realize, or won't admit, is that they will not stop these atrocities by wrapping a noose of blame around but one of the guilty. Lt. William Calley Jr. should have been convicted, but not he aloneand not just those who pass paper from desk to desk. All Americans should take blame for every mother and child that has been killed by an American weapon of war since Dwight Eisenhower decided to take up where the French left off way back in 1954. And the blame is ours for not changing our military complex in a manner suited for the Indochina War. Letting the Indochina War ever happen is one of the biggest atrocities in the history of mankind. It's going to be a long time coming before our consciences are wiped clean of the last two decades of military filth. The Florida Alligator Phyllis Gallub Editor-in-Chief Ken McKinnon Managing Editor ~~1 Gary Grunder News Editor "DO NOT FOLD, ,-P\ NDL F ) MUTILATE OR HOLT) IN YOUJR ANCK POCKET ON R~-OTTPAY .r G L A T DN E F 44my' VINKO--5J-~ IOIL University-announces a new way to educate Sources close to the university administration are preparing to announce a sweeping modification in their approach to education. Fester Hail, newly-appointed vice president for stupid affairs, leaked the story at a recent briefing of state legislators in Tallahassee. "We have been looking at the situation for quite a while at UF," said Hail. "And we have figured out where we went wrong. "Just look at the student handbook. All through it, what do you find? References to leadership and responsibility. Over and over again we praise these damned virtues. What we should be doing is promoting what we call 'followership' and dependency. REG CROWDER The legislators nodded in agreement: "Amen." "First of all, we are going to try to phase out all these damned leadership associations," said Hail. "I hope it's not too late to get the fraternities back into that panty raid and beer bust syndrome. "Anyway, we are going to organize 'f ollowership' organizations in which the highest ideals of submission and dumb obedience are properly rewarded. And to keep them dependent, we will finance them with outright gifts with plenty of strings attached." "Furthermore, we will chang, the school mascot to a sheep, said Hail with a funny glint b his eye. "Think of it, th fighting sheep of Old Florida. "Freshmen will have to wea symbolic curly locks on thei heads instead of those sill: beanies. You don't know wha a sacrifice for Steve it was to g that far -he has tailore, beanies to match all his suits. "At the end of his first yea the freshman has his locks cu off to symbolize becoming a fu UF student, that is, sheared. "A new symbol will be put o all UF buildings, stationery an vehicles. It is a picture of Georg Washington crossing th Delaware hitting one of th oarsmen over the head. "Across the top in gold wi be the new slogan: Don't Roc the Boat." Alligator Staff Marian Jedrusiak Steve Strung Jim Okula Assignments Editor Wire Editor Entertainment Editor Copy Editors GaryPaskal-Debbi Smith.Vickie Rich-Linda Miklowitz Publi by parents of the University of Florida under the a*plos q! the Board of Student Publications. Editorial 4sineu, Ad' hgii ffin Sil&ntfPu icatonljgdt 4 third floor, Reitz Union. E' Bi~teiaFafflee piosnee 3S .,lA 88 M r s 9. opinions expressed in the Florida Alligator are those of the editors or of the writer of the article and not those of the University of Florida. Student Publications Business Staff To reach Advertising, Business and Promotion Offices, Call: 392-1681, 82,83 or 84 C. R. "Randy" Coleman Business Marrager T. E. "Kent" Dwyer Advertising Maegger Jeanne Orflnik Rr~hf44n~gr T o r each. C lc u I a t i o n Department call392-1609 ---------o 

PAGE 9

11, ----cords, otc. Ideal for s its, iold.5lightirrgular. -Rg8 .9 Vogue -Simplicity -Butterick -.sct.sadhorts.No-in. Valogue$798 McCall's Patterns. Buttons, 's***798. trimmings & notions to be found in central Florida Make Sewing Circle FAMOUS ROLEDA LIN Fabrics your one stop fabric center KETTLE SHIRLEY HIGH VOLTAGE 00 -You won't be sorry! CLOTH SERRANO FANCIES $ 19 $ 22 4$s0' e AsDYD.D. 1 YD. and colors -50% PO1$2$8, 50% 8on.7A9sRta -2s1teoton. 4"-W A ortso4" 1de -No Iron. 4 Wid esse redsaAt. We srpe & fabric mote. 45. deFABRICS SUNSHINE SHOPPING CENTER 3733285 16--MONAYTURDAY SUNAYS 1-6 I -~~Thuudw,.Apd 1P7~T~I~~ GRANDSale Continues OPENING SUNSHINE SHOPPING CENTER 2619 N 13th Street 373-3285 s FAMOUS STRIPE DENIMS. .DE.NI. LUXURY CREPE DOUBLE KNITS 1188 4'wide.-5% oloyeiste5% cotton wash & wea 60" wide -100% Polyester, no iron ever. I YD. .T.ET.CH .UE IMS. STRTC. KIT-998100% cotton -4s 'Wide. Req. $1.49. 60' wide 100% Nylon, solids & stripes.~ ID. SKINNYKNITS 098 SPORTS PRINTS. 60" wide 50% Palyester 50%cotton solids & strips. 45 Wide -100% Cotton. For all typos spor tswear. Wash 'wear finish DOUBLEKNITS 88 TERRY CLOT9 100% polyester-on bolts. Frstqsalityno iron 50-60''wide. ~ YD. Prnt**soid,*5"wie-10%*oton YASRNDYED KMTS /198 100% polyester -60' wide no iron -8.99 solon. 'I D. SHEER DRAIP ERY MATERAL.2.$1s ONE TABLE KNITS 098i. hi.aasriaclr 45-54' wide -solids and fancies, 88% textured acetate 12% nylonYD wash'swear.Y. SEERSUCKER TYPE KNITS /198 CUIN o2.saG BARD9 Dosble knits 60 wide -no iron 100% polyester -8.99 Value. g 072 zeRq. 9 DOUBLE DENI KNITS 488 60 ie -100% polyester solids and stripes -no iron. U D. POLYESTER BONDED KLPRANS Be Different -Be Fashionable With SOISCEESPRLINO Fabrics From Gainesville's NewestSOISCEEOLD & Largest Fashion Fabric Shop -$ 66 $ 1 2ZPR Sewing Circle Fabrics. In addition YD YD.Y. to co0e'Fred e~em oss desIgner. geods 45" wIde -Htsdwshabte 45" wtde -so tre 80% -t Weoffer t lamest assortment of -100*. polyester ii cepes, 79% acetate, 21% syto fat-s plester, 20% cotton os endsetc.ie.s.tr ..r .t.l.69 

PAGE 10

Pe. 10 e PIdd. M gtor, dThay, Apei 1, 19 Two recycling projects in operation locally By JAN GODOWNd AiRgtor saff Wuirw Students interested in helping to conserve the earth's resources can do something constructive in the way of recycling in Gainesville. Two recycling projects are currently in operation for the collection and reuse of paper and aluminum. Newspapers, magazines and books wil be accepted by the Salvation Amy, at 810 E. University Ave. twenty-four hours a day. According to Mrs. Sam C. Taylor, secretary, the paper is taken to Jacksonvile where it is crushed and processed. The Salvation Army used to collect paper from homes, but found this unprofitable, Mrs. Taylor said.The group receives a small amount for the paperand this is used to help in their program, she add PRINTMAKING LESSONS instructor: Mrs. Judy Lantos Tuesday from April 6 to May 11 5 pm to 10pm room c-4, union $6.00 fee regster-at the first lesson Sponsored by the JWR Union FIORIVA QUAR[[RLY KOSTL1N Aluminum cans can be taken to Maris Distributing Co., 313 SW I1th Road. According to Miss Jerry Johnsen, representative for Maris, aluminum cans are distinguished from others by a belled bottom, and their lack of a seam. Maris pays ten cents a pound for the cans and will accept them Wednesdays between 1 p.m. and 4 p.m. Special Interest Books DICTIONARIES ENGLISH LANGUAGE: WEBSTER'S SEVENTH NEW COLLEGIATE DICTIONARY WEBSTER'S NEW WORLD DICTIONARY OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE FUNK & WAGNALLS STANDARD COLLEGE DICTIONARY THE RANDOM HOUSE DICTIONARY OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE, in both hard-back and paper back. THE AMERICAN HERITAGE DICTIONARY OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE, in both hard-back and paperiack. Plus a fine salectlon of dictionaries In paper back. FOREIGN LANGUAGES: VELAZQUEZ: Engish-SpanIsh, Spansh-Englis CUYAS: English -Spanish, Spanish-English CASSELLS: English-Spanish, Spanish Englli; EnglIds-Frenh, French-English; English-German, German-English LANGENSCHEIDT: English-German, German-EnglIsh; English-Spanish, Spanish-English; EngIsh-French, French-English MICHAELIS: English-Portuguese, Portugues-English HOUAISS: English-Portugues, Portuguese-English Also several editions In paper-back, all langugages. store hours 8am-7:30pm Sat. 9am-12noon C CAMPUS SHOP & BOOKSTORE 5. located in the Hub RING BOWLING 0~ LEAGUESARE ORGANIZING NOW The Games Area is organizing a new league for Tuesday nights at 6:30. All interested parties meet Tuesday, April 6, at 6:30 p.m. in Rm 361 of the Union. People are also needed for the Thursday, 9 p.m. League. Interested persons meet at the Games Area Desk at 8:45 p.m., Thursday, April 8. KITZ UNION GAMES AREA U ILr 

PAGE 11

Thazudey. April 1, 1971, The Florida Alliato, Pp 11 P KIAK T 8 IA Sao E-TRAEXTRA .-EXTRAEXTRA --ExT am ps | J~ren~ams i| W~rentaps a |JWGreenStamps & JGreenStampsEIE ji~reen~Tams Shick Platinum Plus Mennen Push Button Listerine Polident Tablets Ir. Spray Deodorant Antiseptic O n ets.pkg. $1.00 or More j7et.orlct. -14 oz.bt.Purchase of Any Candies 13. 22. 30. 38. EXTRA EXTRAEXTRA EXTRA -EXTRA JWGreenst*amsJWGreen Stamps" M J(GreenStamps 1 JWGreenStamps_" JWGreenStampsF= Ban RII-Ony Size Saccharin Tablets d BBryRol-n Jhnsn' AnySz 4 grain or 12 grain 1* Deodorant .Hair Dressing Baby Shampoowoolit I1000-ct. 1 oz. or 1/ oz. size 3oz Size 31/ oz. size W. o 2. (~~.C~.2~l.~2D 3~ 1 .3 oz. Size 3 31. l(ipA.Od5, pri 7 7139. I i, d.* I .1971c1' 2. If., .W .,,LAri ,,,,") 1 14. j-<.piewA., A,i l 1.71) 23 (,. W ~.e.,Arl 7. 1 ) 1:II EXTRA -EXTRAEXTRA G;EXTRA i EXTRA SJWGreen Stamps "L EM ireen tamps "E .0JWGreenStamps rwr ~ren tms"" J~eetamps=LJ Lysol Spray Touch of Sweden Aqua Velva Lotio Menn's Baby Magic $1 or more Disinfectant .Lotion Reg. or Lime 4 oz. sixe Lotion'of any Stationery 14 oz. can 4 oz. or B az. size Regular6 oz. size 6 oz. or 9 oz. size 3. i.W.,Ai, 7J .AArilY.124.p. s.,Apil 19 I323AI. Wed., ApA37. 1 ) 40. *. o.x.o. xox~aa oxo. ., .0 a.a.a.n.aa *oea. a oto.oa. o S EXTR A --. EXTRA JWGreenStamps. .reenStamps Gillette Tochmatic Razor Any Si* Ct Litter each 41. ...A-Apr-77) 3 EXTR A -EXTR: GrStamps 2 % dGreenStamps Vespre. .c-.ff .E5z.siApT.A 4EEN,7, o1 b EXTRtA fGrjeenStam As11ST1A M PS T.,un m W White Rain Hair Spray Alka Seltzer Unscented, Regular, Tablets 13 ox. can WHEN YOU CLP AND REDEE THE CiUPWON THIS PAGE 25-ct. i r4ei .S o n A. ..7. ., ., .. EXTRAEXTRAEXTR EXTRX--A EXTRAmps [ GrneeN sG GreenSTA s 4ntamps Meds Tamapons 33 Cloarasil reg. or .Nozzema Instant Shave 1Oc-f labpl if J 8 J Cotton Balls Beg. or Super Clear Medication Lime, Menthol, Regular Clone-Up Tooth Paste 6S-ct. size 16. pg-.65 Ox. on 1Ox. size 6V% oz. size '1 .2 ox. size j44a.,.e.d--s4.57-i977 40-cts .pkgws7,M o .2,. w. .7, 197w) i.ny,25 rw. 0.5., 2aI7 9t m 3 .,. ve. Mas' ""' izce. -e--------.---e--._._._.___._,._.____ EX TRA~ Im EXTRA F~Iu4 EXRA EXTRA ~~ I1I~.EXTRA .~ r~~a I .GreenStamps,,re mpsh "" IM GreenStamps _____GreenStamps.s White Rain Shampoo Pond's Normel, Dry & Tint, sLemon, Clear, Lotion .Cold Cream Geritol Tablets -Wall Type Hard-T-oId 14o. size 3 oz. size P A 14 or. 40 Ct. sizes CaN Opener 13 o .can .,00 .,, .,,,,O*e)0*****0**0**.*01 7077700a00a, **0)s 26 a~,.wa. y 34 w5,.9a, ~sr yn4. .s.w ,, EXTRA EXTRAEXTRA p EXTA ETRAEXTRA EXTRA I l JWXGreen .s. 11114 E GreenStamps" I I ,XWGreenAMp!!1sI jwGreenStamps reenStam. 3 Suave Shampo $1 or more purchase 33Excedrin -Vanish Bowl M with egg Any Anchor Hocking P. M. Tablets I lHeavy DutyJotona Re9. 1rSue42 la Me~.0dication Lime, Ment27.,xSeguinCs u Tt B ad ssz 7 4 ox. sz or Libby Glassware o sO-ct. m. si ze 4 46. l.p,. ,97) 0.ag. .,0 Al' o 421 1. (.p,Ir. &w-A. , gy o 25. aih. We., Apr, 1071) 35. lAllW, Apwr, 171 --------i EXTRA --w EXTRAA EXTAEXR"I GreenStamps rI .II JWGreenStamps I iJJWGreenStamps I IWGredEtamps I GreenStamps Tame Creme Rinse Scoe-off 33,, aNr al it Lemon or Body nColgate Tooth Paste B erinTablets alu num A a iteOr 13 SO. size / 2oz. size .2 1. 00. ct. Oviz. a. .pen inersz 310. irl W70. April77,7 971)1 33 19. s. .". Apil 117 )26. ll i.ad., r7, 91)3. Et.7.OeAdAril7,1797) 4 .gUie .p ri ,10.5 7 1i~) 1 0 .~~~. ......--,.--.-,-------.-wa .-a -a a a r EXTRA EXTRA EEXTRA EXTRA ETR JWGreensStampstam=1 JW~rn psI. JWGreenStamps JWGreenSamps C t Dr. West Adult Tooth Brush ;. : ''Bob P 7, Su5 a irrS singoow $1ormoe Babye xgdrants jw w i sin .Hard, Medium or Contac Capsules :6Havy Dubbera s regular or blue 33 Pus Three Tooth Brush 10-.count size :.Gloves 4. .~. 1 oe .size Hard, Medium 29. .a 0.5. 5Iut. B7. 97) 46.* eeArie7. o97 L 9 4. WrA, Ar r 71 20. aIl ,. wr. A,pi, 17027 1 i.Wd.Ari? 071 5.WA, pi Y 91 GrEXTR EXTRAER NXT IIIIIIen'Arnen .3mns LIIIIJeenlmil lill Cr Bath Oil nEse .lffrteSt ox. size 40-c -L i g/ ap. jj De. tur. Tra betsi !.iL V A wtl70w9.,,Ilk,1.7.) 

PAGE 12

p 12, TMe Frl.AUis., Th.w.ay, Apsil1.Sit H R w rm r$Vunean 2/4f. Sefood Treat, Pealed & eS cued Deliios Gersea-Style TsyShrimi.Ih.1" Sliced Bologna .'%59c S.f.dTreat, P.ete.ris.d Test, Siced Pr.kil.o Claw Crab Meat ..91" Genoa Salami .''""49c S .Seefead Treat, Oekek-Ur.s Delieos Soot .r Perk Trout Fillets.99 Bar-B-QRibs. Selikleoly Difforet SHee hS alad .39i t5TIl ta1.oi;'39w tsKreft's CrockOr orrel Stkk S pSharpCheddar. 'ss79u .ioceoslo Choose Ser mild Longhorn Cheese .it89C IDoiri-Proch bagElNr r Iea-Fat -Cottage Cheese .267C ---DaIrI-Presh Testy Pbneapple Cottage Cheese .109332 Margarine.'2i9C woo Ie d Dor atodermslk Ballard's Biscuits.*.10 -ellord's So r-astl.' Biscuits .00.0.0. "'.:19C Tre0t's Phledolphl lreed CreamCheese. *:36 Milky-Way,.Mskt.e.snicke.r. Candy Bars*. Plala or Peacot M & M Candies .000 Krets Milaso Marshmallows 0 0 ;.'c49* r. 39c' ,'.i7c IV.mY Sw PoiCl Wite.ee. Appe Sue *0. 0:-: 19.9 SVIEW9AY SOW 1MCU .Need, Creaked or Cheeks selenbe~a le. -29 UMMIM-ILA& ,,.,. W11t. Cea1. Meal. l.mmay O. ,.1C.S. Ly Wair.,.eed Cow Meal .2 6* ufvmv u i pa way .r. ..'-d Pwt ,~gs ** 2dh.896 Fwnt O td OSBORNE (import) 4/5 .$1.69 Widme Asnt. N.Y. State Wines 4/5 .$1.69 Qoalloy 03b.Tr Charcoal Lighter "00 CasPrideAs.ee. KltLlter.0002wf95c Ii --WWIe ; J u 

PAGE 13

Tn.,.Apr,1.1"71. The F aild.AIW. P6e0s13 D.td vek eem tremd. Or mg. C. 69 Orange Juke .P98 English Muffins. ,27' Thidk'a Frostle Shakes 067c ButterBeans .63c EVERYDAY LOW PRI ,Putch Oves Plain.r Se-isi.". Flme Flour EVERYDAY LOW P tCtCSB. Pie.t* May u aIsO 000. FRESH-BAKED-ON THE PREMISES elteas 7-t.ch Ro.nd Pinaeppie Upside-Down Cake 69c Chockf ull of Fruit & Nuts, Testy Old-fasiened 14b. DeaSt Fruit Stollen this week's SUPERSEAL spdcal be 38c / GOOD NEWS FOR BONUS GIFT SAVERS No more mailing, Now you may Ai:S redeem Bonus Gift Coupons at q::'45. S&H Redemption Centers. aure 4ane rters for live Easter Liffies and asEase.t. Golders *0 0 0 b 39c5 Bananas (aditkFde .3 .39c ..5,*':39."U ,,g REGULAR $2.49 VALUE pist .A.3. T Fully-C0 ked WhWi a.Hams I Fryers SWIFT'S PREMIUM PROTEN GOV'T. INSPECTED HEAVY WESTERN BEEF SALE Swi's. Presiumn Prete. Seet.s Sw's Prowpemiu6611"s S.frh@U etR .1.594 -MAfKETS WESTGATE SHOPPING CENTER GAINESVILLE SHOPPING CENTER GAINESVILLE MALL W.University Avenue at 34th Ste.et 1014 N. Main Stree 2630 N.W. 13th Street I I 

PAGE 14

GATCR CILALSSIPTXS Page 14, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 1, 1971 POR SA L.E Surfboards for Sale or Rent Weber, Oceanside or R&R. Will also make you a custom surfboard Call 392-8328 or 392-8402 (a-St-106-p) HONDA 350 ci, 1970 model, Only 3000 M I LES, EXCELLENT CONDITION $650. call 392-8785 after 7 p.m. (a-3t-106-p) BIKE FOR SALE european 3 SPEED MEN'S BIKE BRAND NEW GREEN $45 CALL 392-8073 or 392-7720 (A-2t-106-pY ELECTRIC GUITAR -two pick-ups, vibrato talipiece, with cord & case -$60.00. call 378-5192 after 5:00 p.m. (A-5t-106-p) For Sale Vista 10 speed bicycle good condition only 2 months old call 373-3279 ask for Lee $60.00 (A-5t-106-p) AT 2:05 7:50 3:55 9:50 5:50 "BRILLIANT! ev orkMagazne W FOM ETTC O M.W. 13th St. si 23rd -:w::::hakm : ,5.::1: URSUT A ANDE DVD WRE] Surfb Ocean you 392-8 HONI 3000 CONE after 3 han same theyI Georg (A-3tTENN lesson Jacks Ten s weigh 378-8 rEm -STP Hi 3E5N. s ab" -.r. '. ,U. CO/Umbla Pctures Presents A Oavd uSusornd-Robt Mu//gaen Producon FOR SA L FOR S A L~ E oards for Sale or Rent Weber, TAKE soil away the Blue Lustre wa,. side or R & R. Will also make from carpets and upholstery. Rent a custom surfboard Call electric shampooer $1. Electric 328 or 392-8402 (A-St-IC ) shampoos also available. Lowry Furniture Co. (A-tf-c) DA 350 ci, 1970 model, ONLY MILES, EXCELLENT AQUARIUM, 20 gal, air pump, two DITION $650. call 392-8785 filters, light, heater, gravel, plants, 12 7 p.m. (A-3t-106-p) assorted fish. $50.00 call 378-5192 after 5:00 p.m. (A-5-106-p) draised, housetrained, lovable A N A se kittens need good home. AUCTION SAT. APR. 3 7:30 PM have had distemper shots. call NEW, USED, ANTIQUES COBB'S Ia, 378-7334 evenings. student AUCTION HOUSE 41 SOUTH 106-p) ARCHER FLA (A-3t-105-p) NISI rackets balls restringing and 1968-Triumph 250-w new gears s all at lower prices call Bob street or trail -high pipe -915 SW 2 on 378-7841 (A-5t-106-p) Ave apt. 6 $450. 376-8025 on 37.784 iA-t-10-p) A-3t.105-p peed racer $50, new also set of Yamaha 305 $300 or best offer 1966 ts, 120 lbs. $20 call Jim caack 375 9am to 10pm 322 student (A-3t-106-p) ca3105376-5565 9am to 10pm 1966 125cc Vespa scooter with wind JOSEH UVWPIEsNTuSA JUS DAssPFA"onu screen very good condition phone Z o17 378-3254 $1501(A-3t-105-p) Stereo 8-r tapes. Any 2 albums $3.50 Professional equipment used. All tapes guaranteed Call 373-3611 an=~Ask for Jonathan or leave message Mobile Home, 8x40, air conditioned, two bedrooms, furnished, carpeted throughout, on large lot in shady ON PERFECT FRIDAY park. $1500. call 378-1296 nowl Mr. Graham, the Earl and (A-3t-105p) S lady Dorset ur company Irish Setter puppies champion sired all males 917 NE 7th place for cocktails Get there early (A-3t-105-p) before the police do Trade-sony -500-a recorder ($499 new) swssos-nic-spkrs-exc. cond. w garrard turntable & preamp for elec guitar fuzz amp or $300 372-8243 aft 10 pm (A-3t-105-p) Benjamin stereo with miracord turntable 100 watt amp and two -scott speakers. cost $550 new. need money. will sell for $400 call Jack 376-1481 (A-St-105-p) HONDA cb-160 in excellent condition $350 or best offer 804 W. univ. ave. afternoons (A-St-105-p) ANLEY BA KERd COMPONENT STEREO 40 watt AM/FM/FM stereo receiver BSR turntable, two 8" speakers. $100, fair offer, or trade-378-1770 (A-2t-105-p) 1968 Honda Trail 90, step thru frame, automatic clutch, trail and Ws.,: C. .W. S. street gears, excellent condition call 378-6029 or 392-0237 (A-3t-105-p) StaIned glass lamps, tiffany style and box lamps, many colors and sizes, do Uf It yourself or ready to hang easy, fun and stylish. call 376-2195 (At.105-p) Two 3-way speakers with 12 in. woofers. fantastic sound. only $30 a piece. for further info. call Louis, 378-3191. (A-3t-104-p) Doberman Pinscher Puppies AKC Registered males $125 call 378-8067 (AlOt-103p) Bulldog Puppies. Only 2 left. Three quarters English one quarter Pit. See to appreciate. Call 372-9134. Ask for Jean McCullrs (A-St-103p) SUPER $ALE Blank 8-track 80 min tapes 6 for $9.95 MUNTZ STEREO 319 N.W. 13 St. (a-20t-89p) 4-Sale: Kawasaki 'Mach 3-500 cc motorcycle -1970 -well cared for, in good shape, asking $750 with extras call Jim, 373-2771 (A-5t-103-p) Stereo 8-tr. Cartridges Recorded Quality Guaranteed. Two albums $4 one $2.50, tapes included. Match any other offer. John 378-5916 nights (A5t103-p) COMPARE BEFORE YOU BUY All New Student Desk 29.50 2 dr. files n19.50 4 dr. files 29.50 USED arm exec. swivel chair 19.95 JR Office Furniture Co. 6205 S. Main St. 376-1146 (a-25t-103p) Female roommate w anted $46/month French Qtr. 11 3 call 378-9057 lB-St10-p) j J nsj NEED TO SUBLET TODAY female to share townhouse Hawaiian Village stop in 162 or call 378-8037 pool A/C laundry (B-5t-105-p) SUBLEASE Tanglewood apt 2 bedrooms 1/ baths dishwasher disposal 190 a month furnished available immediately call 378-0910 (B-5t-105-p) ,Room with kitchen priv. or share quaint apt with liberal couple $33 + 1/3 utilities. grad student preferred 376-7670 (B-5t-104-p) 2 Bdrs furn apt available Marchf 15 S r a/c heat, near campus. $122/quar. Option for summer $90. Call 378-4843 anytime. (b-5t-98-p) Slash X Sublease -room with bath $80/month Call Bill after 7 PM 372-9444 (B-4t-103-p) FOR R E.T Male roommate wanted spring qtr at Univ Gard Trace AC pool cable TV $48 a month + 1/3 utilities call 378-8993 after 5:00 (B-lOt-95-p) Very convenient close to campus apt. to be subleased by April 5. two rooms, air conditioned for only 125 a month. call 373-3117 and ask for Jacqui (B-3t-10i-p) to sublet 2 bdr furnished, has everything, carpet, air, 11 bath, pool, available immediately $170/mo 392-1520 tanglewood no. 83 (B-3t-106-p) Grad or older student female only to share 3 br house in ne area own room but unfum. $30 + 1/3 util. please call Mary 378-9347 (B-2t-106-p) FOR R ET Get a liberal education by rooming with a hippe, a jock, and an intellectual. university gardens trace 37.50 a mo. 378-6353 (B-5t-106-p) WA NTE 13 Male roomate needed immediately. Fredrick Garden Apts. air cond. pool. $42.50 per mo. No deposit. call Greg 376-0803 (C-3t-105-p) Male roomate needed for quiet one bedroom frederick gardens apt. Spring, or spring-summer 62.50/mo. or sublet for Apr-Aug. 378-2058 (C-5t-105-p) GLAUBER ROCHA SERIES The Reitz Union's Film Classics Committed is prwesen g thge films, never before shown in Gainesville, by the exciting Brazilian director, Glauber Rocha. One of the few "national" cinemas to emerge in the last decade is the recent cinema of Brazil. It accurately reflects the social fervor and progressive nationalist commitment of a new generation coming to maturity in a stagnant, dictatorial oligarchy shored up by American capital and based on poverty, oppression, and cultural and political colonization. Apart from being one of its most original and prolific filmmakers, Glauber Rocha is also the leading ideological spokesman of this movement, Brazil's famed Cinema Novo. This organization of young and socially committed film directors aims to develop an indigenous, socially "relevant Brazilian cinema, free of domination by foreign (especially American) capital, drawing its themes and esthetic preoccupations from the country's heritage and need for transformation. "To make film," Rocha maintains, "is jdnake a contribution to the revolution, to stoke it, in order to make pe in Brazil conscious of their condition. This is the tragic origin of our new cinema. Our origin is our hunger -as well as our most profound misery -because it is experienced rather than artistically imagined. Our esthetics is the esthetics of cruelty, i.e., of primal instinct. it is revolutionary. Terra Em Transe Sunday, April 4 winner of the Prix Luis Bunuel at the 1967 Cannes Film Festival 40 Black God, White Devi R'day, April 5 winner of the Critie's pria at the 19M6 Acapulco Festival t Antonio Des Mortes Tuesday, April 6 & Wed, April 7 winner of the Best Dis "t"r Award at the 169 CansFilm Festival Union Auditorium 5:30, 8:00, 10:30 50 cents asance tickets avallabie Friday at 2nd floor box office 12:304:30 Today's more for your money meal at mORRISOn'S CAEETERIA THURSDAY'S FEATURE I BAKED MEAT SAUCE AND I MACARONI I g IALL YOU CAN u EATI 7a! zo I FRIDAY'S FEATURE I i a PORK CUTLET PARMESAN I ~ AND YELLOW RICE LUNCH:11'til 2 -SUPPER:4:30'9 8FREE PARKING mOR-RISOngS CAFETERIA .beyond comparison! 2620 N.W. 13th Street in the Gainesville Mail M 

PAGE 15

Thursday, April 1 1971, The Floid Allgtor, Page 15. Roommate wanted for 4 bedroom house private rooth 2a C cable TV A utilities 37.50 month call 372-3888 915 NE 11 ave (C-3t-106-p) 1-SPEED BIKE. Must be In good running condttion. Call John at 392-8310 (C2t-106p) Female roommate needed immediately Share 2-brm apt, a/c, $50/mo. + utilitee. Only one block behind Norman Hall. Call 378-8070. (C-3t-106P) Student to live In and do housework you pay $40 mo. this Includes room, board, utllltie8, et .Qarterly rate available. call 373-1759 (C-3t-106-p) Need a great place to Ilvei? Rent a large bedroom In a big house, private entrance and bethrooI Inexpensive. aC-k for6 Colleen 373-2534 tC-2t-106-P) Roommates for 12x70 3 bdrm mobile nome stereo, air, pool, color tv $55 plus util. lot 132 pnehurst park (C-5t-106-p) Female Roomate 1 bedroom, airconditoned apartment. call 372-4955 after 4:00 (C4t.106-p) Male roomate (1 or 2) wanted for 2 bedroom apt. 512-9 (Pt West) subleasing also available Call 373-3487 (C-4t-106) 1 Female roomate needed for Immediate occupancy at La Bonne Vie only 2 months nren for quarter call 378-3716 (C-54-104-p) 1 or 2 females wanted to sublet modern 2-brm apt till June $47.50/mo. call getortown office 378-3457 and leave messae for apt No.224 (C-2-106-p) HOUSE IN COUNTRY needs roommate near miihopper own room $45 + share utllitles 378-2908 anytime (C-2t-105-p) Female roommate wanted to share 1 bdr. apt. 37.50 a mo. + ik utilities 101 N.E. 7th st. cel Jan 372-1532 after 6 P.M. (C-2t105-p) Female roommate Landmark Apt poolside Available Immediately Call 373-2240 (C-St-10$-p) Male roomate wanted, Lve Entire spring qtr for ONLY $53.75 + utilities. La Bonne Vie apt townhouse 356. Call 373-3385 (C-St-105-p) Graduate student neede I br or efficiency apartment immediately call Gayle 372-2"49 (C-3t-105-p) $125 for entire quarter Mate-own bedroom In large house -quiet and close to clase. 372-9789 between 10pm and 10am. (c-3t-106-p) Mature male graduate student for quiet modern Summit House apt. A/C; pool; $45.25 per month + W util. Call 378-7889 (C-5t-103-p) For group need base & leed guitarist organist horn man if Interested call Ray at 378-3237 or 372-1444 (C-4t-103-p) Female roommate for cool upstairs poolside apt. Village Park. Call 372-5463 (C-3t-104-p) J EI WA NTD Unusual opportunity for coeds $35 salary plus commission. 12 hours weekly make your own schedule apply Mon. thru Fri. 10:30 to 2:30 103 SE. 1st St. (E-3t-104-p) POETRY READING Lola 1KistA. ioj -Iread her ow j-!! i r SuInd. Wponsorea -yr .:eReitz Union COMMERCIAL PILOT Must have tallwheel time. do not apply If not experienced. phone John Rubino 373-4354 (E-3t-105-p) Campus representative for Student Travel Group. Good Income and discounts, send resume to Mr. Ray, Anglo America Association, 60A, Pyle St., Newport, isle of wight, England (E-4t-105-p) WRUF needs first phone radio operators to cover the summer months. If you will be in town during summer quarter, please call Ed SlImak at 392-0771 (E-10t-103-c) -. ........... AUTOS 1963 porsche 356 super chrome wheels. asn-fm-sw radio. michelln radials. excellent condition. $2,150 or trade for vw camper '68 model call 378-5576 (G-3t-106-p) CAMPER, step-van, self contained, excellent condition, must sell fast to pay for school 392-7305 (G-St-106-p) must sell 1965 cheselie new engine, transmission, interior, paint, polyglas, more. fine condition. don't delay call 378-9682 now. (G-2t-106-p) Convertible impala 1966 radio heater Panasonic stereo and speakers installed. $1200.00 or best offer. 378-3596 (G-5t-106-p) Zazooksi due to unforseen deficit spending my flat 124 coupe must be sacrificed, am-fm radio, stereo, 5-speed trans., mechanically impecable but it does need a waxing. 40 tho. miles. I want $2600 but I'll settle for $2249. buy it. call 378-6376 bet. 5-6pm. (G-3t-105-p) 62 Rambler wagon, fact a/c, radio, heat. Excellent economical transportation. Must see to appreciate. Must sell this week. $200 378-5738 (G-5t-105-p) CONVERTABLE 165 corvair corsa excellent shape 4spd. 180 hp cheaply $697.23: call 372-5254 & ask for Scott. (G-5t-105-p) Corvair Monza 1964 White, automatic transmission, radio, excellent cqndItIon. Call 378-5212 after 5:30 (G-3t-105-p) 69 Flat 850 Spyder $1250.00 Call 373-3634 after 5:00 p.m. (G-3t-106-p) 1967 396 ss chevell. Great condition. $1000. Brand new Craig 8-track stereo tape player. Cost me $120. Best offer. 372-7104 evenings (G-St-105-p) TRIUMPH TR4 1966 conv. michelin x tires sway bar blue + blue racing stripe -$687 call nowl 372-9555 leave message for T. Kurrus (9-St-103-p) Sprite 1967, new clutch, Excellent 4303 NW 21st Dr. 378-8260 after 5 PM (G-3t-100-p) 1970 cutlass supreme, A-1 condition a/c, ps, pb, 30,000 miles, $2995 write Don Roblnson box 801 Gainewvileor call 376-1271 after 9 p.m. (G-5t-103-p) 63 MG midget new engine & transmition make offer 119 NW 15 terrace after 12 (G-3t-105-p) ]PIE Wt SOI'PAL -..-----.-.-.3. All those interested in joining the FRANK GLADSTONE fan club call 392-9575 and ask for rosey or daisy. i-i-2t-105-ri) professional DRAFT COUNSELING Medical-Legal-Psychologic open weekends Tel: 891-3736 2135 ixora Road No. Miami, 33161 (J-46.t-106-p) congratulations ZTA pledges for ALL making your grades. zeta love, the sisters. (J-1t-106-p) When is hair acid-balanced? when It Is at peak elasticity, strength and luster. with no alkalinity. Trish's Hair House has all you need to know about acid -balance. Stop by today (J-1t-106-p) Free-9 week old baby kittens, box trained and very affectionate. phone 378-6131 between noon and 9 PM (J-3t-106.-p) Explore your natural creativity. drawing is expressing your own personal visual vocabulary, private unique Individual Instruction. 373-1947 (J-5t-106-p) Custom jewelry hand sculpted. cast or fabricated gold, silver, or other. modern made from old. wedding rings w/special meaning. reasonable 373-1947 (J-5t-106-p) Students are always welcome at highlands presbyterian church, 1001 ne 16 ave. college crowd meets 9:45 am sundays, church at 11 am (J-St-106-p) A film by Ernie Pintoff An electronic magazine of American pop culture with flashes by: F at u I K EI)ru-e A PREMIERE S TONIGHT Thursd A r 1, rildv A ri Sat! fdav Apri l -0 8:00 I1:30 30 cn' Ubyov vitorce y o et 1E nFrlda from 12T t 130 at 2rd flc box offic, -yVR.U Co-Eds Facial Hair removed forever, fast, low-cost gentle hair removal. E d m u n d D w y e r Electrologist .102 N.W. 2nd Ave. Call 372-8039 for appointment. (J-44t-54-P) Sunland kids compete in special olympics Sat Ap3. samson needs 100 volunteers, gym track bowling other call 392-1608 or come by 315 reitz u (J-3t-105-c) Get your books for Spring Quarter at lower prices Come to SG Book Exchange Room 306 Union Mar. 28-Apr. 2. 1-5 PM and Save! (i-5t-103-p) The Photoworkshop-excellent b&w and color work at best prices. oassoorts. portraits, etc. Get fine handcrafted SANDLES at the ETERNAL EXCHANGE 804 W. University Ave. (J-5t-105-p) .aIlsft lw.A*L IN wIt W. INK S. DAY "LOVE STORY" Statta TOMORROW! Henry & Henrietta. the love couple of the seventies. and the laugh riot of the year. A MOTION PICTURE 20th Century Fox Presents Thte Grout Wit. Hoe Starring James Earl Jones, Jane Alexander PANAVsIONe Colo, by Of UeGP A. IVs~ A ve*. Once.A Summer of Mae, June, July, to every young man August, Susanne, Lola, Aino and comes a summer I lke this. Garda. One Swedish Summerto begin (0OR U-I FIM DISRIBUIO IN( -V WE ARE NOT PERMITTED TO EVEN HINT ATIWHAT HAPPENS' BUT IT'S MORE THAN MURDER! 4, LOINGINA LooR6eAI~ "PLUCKED W il. I DA TH E AT RI ONLY ALL bEATS $1-25 ALL DAY-EVERY DAY 

PAGE 16

State plans to pcirtipate e Page 16, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 1, 1971 .-W.'.'"~ in olympics for retarded By MARIANNE MACINA Alligator Staff Writer Plans are being made for Regional Special Olympic events to be held at UF track field and Florida Gym for April 3. To motivate the establishment of a continuing physical fitness program for the retarded, the Kennedy Foundation is initiating special olympic games throughout the country. The state of Florida is participating in the program and is sponsoring a state olympics meet in Miami on May 1. Sunland Training Center, members of the Alachua County Association for the Mentally Retarded and UF departments of vocational rehabilitation and exceptional children are coordinating a regional meet in Gainesville. All mentally retarded children in the 22 counties surrounding and including Alachua County are eligible to participate in the regional events which are being sponsored by the Gainesville Jaycees and the city recreation department. The special olympics events will include swimming, bowling, gymnastics and track and field events. According to Sunland Recreation Director, Ron McMillan, some 300 total participants are expected to attend the special olympics at UF including 81 children from Sunland. McMillan said the volunteers arc needed to help direct the participants and keep an eye out for them. "Any UF students interested in helping out in this "buddy system" should contact Steve Perkins at 372-0988. UF coaches and assistants are helping the children learn the events right now," McMillan stated. UF's Student Council for E xceptional Children and F OL featuring: SPARROW RUSSELL HAMMERSTR DAVID ALVAREZ MAGIC MUSHROOM BILL GOOD UeV bV 4 ~A RAT Sampson are also helping out with the "buddy system." "The ultimate goal of the special olympics is to create opportunities for sports training and athletic competition for all retarded children," McMillan commented. According to a 1967 research survey on physical education among the mentally retarded the primary reason for the retardation in motor performance is the lack of opportunity for physical activity. It vas established by the research that given the opportunity, many retarded children can attain performance levels in basic physical activity that will equal or surpass that of a normal child. According to the State Special Olympics organizers "a series of failures in varinus endeavonr has caused the retarded child to look upon himself as a failure. The physical abilities of these children average two to six years behind those of most children. This lack of ability makes it impossible for them to compete on an equal basis in regular programs." The state organizers said they believe that a retarded child's first real success may come through these special athletic events because they provide an area where he can succeed and start building a positive self-image. The Florida State Special Olympics organization needs financial help to bring athletes to Dade County in May. Contributions may be sent to: Florida State Special Olympics, Building No. 33, Opa Locka Airport, Opa Locka, Florida, K NI G H T OM 25e AdMission Thursday, April 1 9600lo at the 4ATHSKELLER GOING TUBING? Tubes for Rent. Size 10:00-20 Call 378-5931, 372.-1446, 376 -3678 f o r arrangements (J-3t-103-p) SEX is best on a WATERBED from innerspace environment at reasonable prices for information call Elliott, 373-3144 (J-15St-105-p) Need a place to live? We need you! I girl wanted to share room In 2 bdrm. a pt .Co nv en ie nt reasonable-47.5/mo. Call 376-7852 or 373-3153 ()-st-103-p) ...: LOST &~ FOUJND .....:. .. Lost tan & white dog, vicinity 16th ave & waldo rd, no collar, answers to skipper. missing since Wed. Mar 24 call 376-0487 REWARD (L-2t-106-P) found -green KNAPSACK. Identify and claim at Lost and Found, rm. 130, Reitz Union. (L-3t-106-p) Reward of 10 dollars for black wallet lost at Royal Park Theater sat. nite call Mike Douglas at 392-7124 after eleven thirty at nite (L-3t-105-p) Alternators generators starters electrical systems tested and repaired. Auto-Electric Service, 1111 S. Main 378-7330. Now! BankAmericard adn Master Charge. m-tfct Overseas Jobs for Students. Australia, Europe So. America, Africa, etc. All professions and occupations, $700 to $3000 monthly. Expenses paid, over-ti me, sightsee ng, Free information. Write TWA Research Service, Bo x991-K, San Diego, Ca. 92105 tIM-t-<oS-pt We're wired for sight at the smallest eyeglass office in town. Drive your own waiting room to UNIVERSITY OPTICIANS at 519 SW 4th Ave., across from Greyhound Bus Station, 378-4480. (m-tfc) HORSES for any purpose. Horseback riding, h a y rides, western parties-dance floor. Cowboy's Riding Stables. S.E. 22nd Ave. and 15th Street p h o n e 372-9134 (MI t10 3p) FIND IT IN GATOR CLASSIFIEDS ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS To order classifieds, use the form below. Fill in the boxes allowing 1 box for each letter, space and punctuation mark. Count 2 boxes for capital letters. Don't use hyphens at the end of a line (which contains 35 characters). Use additional form if more than 4 lines are required. Minimum charge is $1.00 for 4 lines. For each additional line, add $.25. Multiply the total by the number of days the ad is to run. Subtract the discount for consecutive insertions (if applicable*). Mail the ad, with remittance (check preferred) to: Alligator Classifieds, Room 330, Reitz Union, Gainesville, Florida 32601. No refunds. Deadline -3:00 pm. 2 days prior to staffing day DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE 0000 0000 A~~ r.i. CLs -. --. .------a .---0. Z c M' O20 ---.z Q > #z ---Z 0 Hr kr I: L 

PAGE 17

Tlsi, April 1, 1971, The Flords Afilgetr, Pogs 17 COMES TO NESYILLE HE ERMARKET THAT SELIT ME IT IS, A SECOND BIG WEEK BIG GRAND OPENING CELEBRATION AT 2605 NORTH WEST 13th ST. N.W. 30TH AVE. GLEN SpRIN SRD GAINESVILLE HIGH NW. l6TH AVE. SCHOOL IN SUNSHINE S CENTER sw I "I -j SAVE ALSO AT BIG STAR NO. 1 3736 EWBUIRY ED. STORE HORS: .900 AM TO 9MOOPM WUIPAY 12 NOON TO 7PM ( *1 OIN US N OUR SIT AVI wm lum. SCHM Flo U01 lovis 

PAGE 18

7,P SALT -COME ON OUT AND HELP US CELEBRATE OUR CHEK ALE FLAVORS SOFT PIS GMOO THUSS, APRIL ITHWU WID., APRIL 7 aa ALL VEGETABLE LiiW E SSO Le Purchase Exc. Cig. 1li 0of UCWCA ~h $7.50 r7 r PurchseEx. Cig. 12-o .ASTOR COOKING CANS -Z K BOTTLE 48BOTTLE 5 ___ BOTLE .69 CRACKIN' GOODAS$ORTED Cookies. .3 BAKERS ANGEL FLAKE Coconut. CRACKIN' GOODTOASTER VAN CAMP BEENEE DIXI DARLING PRESTIGE 89 r ..$100 AWeenees 4 $100 Bread. .2 59 STOKELY WIREANS STOKELY BAVARIAN KRAUT OR SHELLIE DIXIE DARLING BROWN N'SERVE REGULAR & SEEDED SIZE CNCS ANP. .Beans $100 P 14, .69 Chlli .3 CANS 'Beans 5 $00 Rolls ..OE SAVE 26c DOVE IIGUID 0c OFf) STOKELY CUT STOKELY 3 Sv. ALASKA DIXIE DARLING RAISIN, CINNAMON, PECAN OR Detergent2 100 Asparagus3C $1* Peas .5 CA$100 Fruit Buns .39c GERBEE JR. VEGETABLES & DIXIE CUP CT. 19 ALPO SAVORY NDOPY PIARIC Ham 4. .-.2 35c Reills ..c 69c Stew2. .2 59c Softner. .75c LOGrCABIN (12--r 411 .NOWSCAM NABISCO ARNA DOGNES PINE OE Lyru .77 Chowder. C37c Cookies ...'49c Pine Scent 2398 LAIU I AEIA) S o u .SUNSIN HI DRET .JA 75c Soup.9c Crackers.z39 Detergent .I39 f'ECAME9t CHUNK TURKEY, BEEF CHICKEN KEEaLkPFERAN D"etA Frg"It "d 14.-N 47 Mustard. .2 1p, ..A A.59c and -p ....2 3 T UNIVERSITY AVE. OPEN ON SUNDAY 30 N.W 6TH ST. r441, HIGH SPRINGS 1401 N. MAIN ST. I 

PAGE 19

GIGANTIC 46th PmftcR mw uR aReu u waumRim Aum h I KIY. W U0 IfUK., RAPKL B ITIU WEl., MAML I S This Fantastic Bonus. f----W.Tils COUPN So"" GOOD~ sWIT'S PREsMum CAuewu SLICED $3.19 LB U-CAN W-D BAND USDA CMOICE-BEEF BONELESS EYE OF PORK 10-LB 9.98) Round Roast L. $1 Tenderloin WD BRAND USDA CHOICE BEEF BONELESS TENDER SLICED Sh'id. Roast L. $19 Beef Liver TALMDGE FARMS COUNTRYCURED HALF Olt WHOLE SUNNYLAND PORK BREAKFAST LINK Hams I. 89c Sausage .. FREEZER QUEEN ALL VARIETIES MEAT FRfSH FROZEN TROUT LB $119 Dinners. .99c Fish Fillel FRENCH FRIEDNMEAT B SERVE COPELAND ALL MEAT 39 Fish Sticks. .89' Franks. FRESH FROZEN DRSSBD PK I Whiting. LB. 39w Tarnom Q Mantit ymghN TR.RNd ww lSMMNB I C. KCoHRRRBj97 ... LAWGIMM.EAS SUPRRBAHDQTRS. WVNE.DDI6F ATO Lettuce. HEAD 2 Oleo. 5 s$1W Steakettes 89c Cut Okra DM06 NEAD FROZEN SUCED BRILLjATCOOKED ASTORGIRDUYE Cabbage 2 NE-S 29c St'Berries 5 1 Shrimp$.1. 89' Corn-or-C LAlq ipCHUNKUE UT .2 .29' Shrimp.a. IIBean. 2 100 P-ztctesU. 89E CrabsI. 99 Gr.&Pesm Tu o PoTtoes -i @4 WESi UNIVERSITY AVE. opem os tdhAY iIW TJY I4IWA 441 HIG SPRNGS MA+TrST ob 2 100 4 1o Tw s.2 39c 6s .6AM59c eese ~:39c e ..99c AMEOMAOE e 2 69 $10 ts 79c .Pizza ri HIWA'Y 441,HIGH'SPRINGS WN WAI" WOW MPWWVUFV% .AV" .l 

PAGE 20

Almost simultaneously with morning darkness Monday the blast, United Press killing or wounding nearly 200 International received a phone civilians in one of the worst such call in which -an anonymous assaults since the 1968 Tet caller stated: "The Communist offensive. party building has just been bombed. Let the tools and Military sources identified the lackeys who throw our brethren destroyed village of Hoang Dieu in jail know that they,'too, are in Quang Nam province as the responsible for the actions of target of the Communist assault. those who they support. Let our people go. Never again." The Communists swarmed "Never again" is the slogan of the Jewish Defense League which has been harassing Russians in America because of the plight of Jews in Russia. A spokesman of the league denied having anything to do with the bombing. into the village after a mortar barrage sent men, women and children screaming from their homes, the sources said. They said 100 civilians were killed and 98 were wounded in the attack which one officer described as "a completely senseless attack against helpless people." to end war by 1972 WASHINGTON (UPI) House Democrats went on record 138 to 62 today for ending U.S. involvement in Vietnam not later than the end of 1972. In effect the action paralleled that of Senate Democrats who recently voted 38 to 13 with 2 abstentions and 2 reservations to work for an American withdrawal "in a time certain." Senate leaders said the language meant during the 92nd Congress. But at a party caucus preceding todays -session, House Democrats rejected the Senate language, which they considered ambiguous, by a 120 to 81 vote. They substituted the phrase "during the 92nd Congress" which runs through 1972. They then substituted that language for a proposal by the party's most vigorous antiwar forces to seek and end of U.S. participation in the Indochina War by the end of this year. House Democratic leaders originally had opposed putting any specific date in any resolution lest it be construed as unfairly tying the .President's hands in his effort to negotiate a successful end of the war. A closed mouth gathers no foot '4K 4K 4 Elaine Post's cartoon look thunders onto the fashion scene. Hot Pants! by Jones of New York. Now showing at RAPP'S-PIZZA TRAIN is doing it again. 1515 SW 13th St. Seating for 75 Friday and Saturday April 2&3 -from 4:00-closing FREE PITCHER OF BEER OR COKE with the purchase of a large pizza (on premises only) Fri.& Sat April 2-3 with purchase of LARGE pizza Boone's Farm -794 6 Pk Old Milwaukee -994 PREE-FAST HOTDEilVERY 1DONKIANSI 1123 ". UIVII49IT AVE m I 

PAGE 21

Duo paces quandrangle victory Carson, Howard take up track slack By MARK ROSNER Alligator Staff Writer Roger Carson and Grover Howard took up the slack for the loss of two key trackmen in competition here Tuesday and went on to lead the Gator track team to an easy 43 and one-half point victory over three other teams. Penn State finished second in the quandrangle meet, followed by Baptist College and Arkansas State. Duke University and Venezuela ran exhibition events during the meet. Carson took both the 100and 220-yard events with times of ten and 22.1 seconds respectively. He also ran on both the 440-yard and mile relay teams which both chalked up victories for the Gators. The Carson, Jerry Fannin, Jim Mims and David Haines covered the 440 in 42-6 seconds. Fannin led the way in the intermediate hurdles with a time of 52.5 seconds. With the loss of Ron Coleman due to scholastic ineligibility, Howard took over and captured both the long jump with a distance of 47 feet, four and three-quarters inches. UF trails at Cape Coral by 5 By CHRIS LANE Aflgutor Sports Edtorr UF's golf team, following a weekend victory in the Miami Invitational, dipped to third place in the first round of the Cape Coral Invitational Wednesday, but are coming on strong. Andy North fired a two-under-par first round 70 to pace the Gator effort. North, medalist in the Miami event, wants very much to dispose of front rank Houston. "We want to beat Houston bad," he quipped. Houston tallied 286 in first Be an official; earn extra cash Need some extra cash? Unlike past years, the Intramural department is having a difficult time rounding up enough softball officials to staff the softball season this year. Officials earn two dollars a game and often work two to four games a day. The games generally begin at 4:30 p.m. and last an hour each. Officials still make a dollar even when a game is forfeited. All those interested should call the Intramural Office at Florida Gym, 392-0581. Dorm students should be thinking about signing up their sections for handball and independent, law, and engineering students should be registering for softball. Deadlines ave nearing. AVIEEDLEIIOKK Thursday, from AprIl8 to May 187:00to 9:0 pm instructor: Mrs 1 Delores Such Room $5.0 f Ofth J Waye Rft zUions 7T day action while North Carolina registered a 290 for second place. The Gators posted a first round total of 291, one stroke behind the Tar Heels and five strokes behind the leading Cougars. Sophomore Gary Koch scored even par on the Golden Gate course while freshman Steve Morgan followed with a one-over 76. Captain Mike Kllian added a 76 to the four player low tally. Coach Buster Bishop is somewhat optimistic that his Gator squad will win the tournament. "I certainly hope we'll win," he said. "The boys are ready to go.' In the Miami tourney, the team shattered a fist round record when North and Koch shot 65's as K~iAn and Morgan both added 69's for the lowest team round ever in toumennt play. The Gatos play on the Cape The Gators also set a new Coral course today, also being team record when they closed used to accommodate SO with a 1132, beating the old UF participating schools. mark set in 1966 by 13 strokes. urn mmmi m .u rns oaoa mum -urn -urn mm .The Original Lecture Notes ISTUD-EASE: IXerox Copiesj Adjoining the College Inn hrs. 9-9 -1730 W. University Ave. Ph. 373-4584 Current, Complete, Copyrighted Taken by Graduate Students Professionally edited & typed -* Available day after lecture * Conveniently fits spiral notebook BUY SUBSCRIPTION NOW & SAVE as low as 21 4 per lecture, tax mcl CURRENT CEH 133 ATG 203 MK-G 331 I CHN 251 APY 200 PS 120 -CHN 253 CY 202 PS-212 CBS261 CY 203 PS 213 CBS263 ES 205 PSY 201 ATG 201 ZY201 LAST QUARTER'S COMPLETE SET CHN 252 994 CHN 253 99d CY202 $1A9 ATG 201 $1.89 CBS-261 $1.89 PS 212 .8 APY,200 $1.89 fIRST HAF -A T QUARTER STA 32& i MS 102 ~~J~~ 4/69' Mike Cotton soared 16 feet to capture the pole vaqlt competition for the Gators. Scott Hurley, still recovering from fatigue suffered in last week's decathlon competition, failed to place in the meet. Chuck Duff scored a first in the high jump for the Gators NIlVEESITY \\\\4 JEIWELERS9 Fraternity Jewelry Now order it days a week Trophy & Plaque Dept. Expert Engraving 0 Class rings Watch repair Jewelry repair I02West Unarsity Ave. Across from campus 2 blocks from Hub 373-1025 with a 6-foot-8 leap while teammate Ron 'Perdum placed second with a jump of 64-foot-2. Jim Nelson took the shot put with a heave of 55 feet, five and three-quarter inches and John Courtney captured the discus with a throw of 161 feet, 5 inches. I Florida. Alligator-,, flit eC l1 A new show opens. The stars spring into new looks for pants, jeans and a mixture of hemlines. ..all gravitating to the variety of SRO. FiddleNavy, Red, Yellow, White $18 -1MARTY PERLMUTTER CHR1$IA4 Executive Sports Editor Sports Editor Thursday, April 1, 1971, The Florida Alilgator, Pap 21 

PAGE 22

Ineligibility,injury hinders tennis team at JU match By MARTY PERLMUTTER Exmsitive Srp Edsw Two ineligibilites and tendonitis has hit the Gator tennis team. Tony Pospisil and Rusty Addie were declared ineligible for varsity competion due to grade problems. "Pospisil has been suspended this quarter and may not make it back this year," tennis coach Bill Potter said Wednesday. "Addle had a couple of Incompletes which he may be able to make up. "I don't know whether he wil make it buackc this quarter Rusty AdeTony Paph either," Potter aid. .ineligible .grade problems The tendonitis has forced well and he may be moved into Ray Heidema has recovered senior Bruce Bartlett to watch that slot. But I am also from a blister on his foot and today's match in Jacksonville considering Ricky Knight will be ready for the JU from the side. Doctors have there," Potter said. Dolphins, Potter announced. ordered the co-captain out of McCafferty was a standout in As for the Dolphins, much action for at least a week. the Gator's dismal showing 'in improved over last year Potter "Losing just about half your South Bend, Ind., this past says, they will be out to avenge team doesn't help your chances weekend. He captured two double 9-0 defeats from the any in a match," Potter said. singles matches, with one of previous season the Gators "And we are short on experience them on a default. inflicted upon them. anyway." Moving up in place of Addle and Pospisil will be Kenn Terry and Buddy Miles, both members of last year's fourth place team in the Southeastern Conference. "For Bartlett, Mike McCafferty has been playing Softball action to take shape this weekend By Afligmer Swvies Santa Fe Junior College and UF will co-host the Women's State Junior College and University Softball Tournament April 2-3 at Northeast Park on N.E. 16th Avenue. Five junior college teams; Santa Fe, St. Petersburg, Miami-Dade, West Palm Beach, and Broward, will -compete in the straight elimination tournament with the winning team to play the university division winner Saturday night. The tournament begins at 5 p.m. Friday and is open to the public. There will be no charge for admission. The "IRS" allows 12 per mnile for business driving. That means a potential saving of 6.180 per mile in driving a Datsun. Pri &t & Poster Figure it this wayAuthoritative Road & Track magazine r conducted an Extended Use Test on our 51o Sol* April 5 & 6 Union Ballroom & Galleries 11 am to 9 pm sponsored .-y the J.W.R.U. ON SALE AT THE HUB 1971 seminwole (41 m 0 

PAGE 23

Annual Gator great fdotb--i f 1 g'cvrnwM--y -8 By BRITT CRtTTENTON Alligator Correspondent Does the idea of plifItg head on against the starting center of the San Francisco Forty-Niners or the starting guard for the Cincinnatti Bengals appeal t6l you? Or would you rather defend against the passes of a Heisman Trophy winner? Maybe you're the type who would rather try to catch a pass against one of the New York Jets outstanding defensive backs or try to stop the running of the Los Angeles Ram's starting halfback? You can do it all on Florida Field May 6, but the experience won't nearly be as ominous or painful as it first appears. The athletes mentioned above are all (except the Forty-Niner center) former Gator greats and will all be on hand for the Third Annual Gator Great vs. Intramural All Stars flag football charity game. Of course the players referred to above are respectively Forrest Blue, Guy Dennis, Steve Spurrier, Steve Tannen, and Larry Smith. Other Gator greats include Allen Trammel, Richard Trapp, Larry Rentz, Gene Peek, Bill Dorsey, Jack Burns,'Mike Kelly, Mike Palahach, Bill Carr, Brian Jetter and Donny Williams. But what, might you ask, are Steve Tannen returns for annual your chances of ever doing well against such formidable athletes? Ask last years all star team that defeated the Gator Greats in an exciting matchup, 26-22. It has been proven now that the Gator Greats can be defeated but the greats will undoubtedly be seeking sweet revenge for last year's upset loss. The whole concept of the all star classic originated two years ago when the TEP fraternity team had won their fourth consecutive flag football championship and were boasting how they could even beat the Gators. The game was arranged and 3,000 people came to see if the Ira Pollack to Rick Perillo combination could beat the Spurrier to Trapp twosome. The Gator Greats won, 31-14, but the fans were treated to such an exciting game it was decided the event should be repeated the following year. The proceeds of the first game went to the fund to get a new coliseum on campus. In 1970, the format was changed somewhat to allow all fraternity men to participate. That year Hank Salzler sizzled passes to Mike Rollyson, John Fladd and a host of other fine receivers to help the fraternity all stars even the series. This year, the Intramural Department, recognizing that some of the finest athletes on campus are not in fraternities, are inviting all independent and dorm students to participate in the game. The classic, this year, should also be the most exciting as it will break the 1-1 tie that currently exists. Proceeds of the match, to be played at Florida Field, will be given to the Gator Student Loan Fund where they will be matched by nine dollars from the federal government for every one dollar made by the students. The game, being coordinated by Gene Neuman, is more than a one man show. Members of the Student Association for Health, Physical Education and Recreation (SAHPER) will be handling publicity and ticket sales. The Alumni Association and the local Alumni chapter will also be aiding in promotion. All players on the list provided are invited to try out for the Intramural All Star team this Sunday at Beta Field at 4 p.m. All members of last year's squad plus any independent or dormitory athletes who feel they may have a chance to make the team can also try out. It is important that all players trying out call the Intramural Office at 392-0581 so that a tentative list of prospective players can be formulated. Remember! Unlike last year, this year's team will not be solicited by phone so it is important that each individual take his own initiative. CAMPUS REP BOB STACY 378-5222 MILLER-BROWN 4222 N W 13th S:. MINI-SKIRT $100 FINALS $100 TO THE WINNER $10 TO EVERY CONTEST I I DU3'5 LWNG '~'-.k '~r" ANT WEDNESDAY Doug Clark and THE HOT NUTS Tickets in advance $2.50 at the door $3.00 w"'I W it's good business LIVING STONE big sound band direct from "The Key" .in Tagahassoe STARTING MONDAY --.ddmb --..I --....mlki ---.dmk -dmb.-.MEN. 

PAGE 24

Peg 24, The Florid. Alligator. Thursday, April 1, 1971 WE'RE NOT APRIL SAVE OVER $20.00! FREE PRIZES FOR FOOLINGUSE THIS PAGE THE KIDDIESFOR BIG DISCOUNTS ALL OF APRIL ALL MONTH! limit one coupon 7Wrpersonflimit one coupon per oersorimi one coup erson te dAs OFFER GOOD ONLY OFFER GOOD ONLY OD ONLY e~~ gi5hit, hit the Red~ ST RT3 .Aj HERE (2) I (2) FISH ( for Pricso d I SANDWICHES FRISCIES FOR THE PRICK OF ONE I FOR T HE PRCEC OF ONE limit one couo e po oe oo person limit one coupon per p limit one coupon per peron limit one coupon per limit one coupon per peruII limi on c upon per o OFFER GOOD ONLY I OFFER GOOD ONLY I FFER GOOD ONLY1 FFER GOOD ONLY I OFFER GOOD ONLY, OFFER GOOD ONLY OFFR0 l | Ar I # NriL I sun. 5M00n. 6 TOUes. I egd. 18 Thurs. Fri. St (2) CHICKEN (2) CHICKEN DINNERS (2) BIG BARNEYS (2) CHEESEBURGERS SNACKS (2) SHAKES I (2) FISH & CHIPS (2) BARN LF 1.HLH.P.BIS.E.2FUOM_ J XgQ.Ia E OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE LFOR THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE iimit one coupon per person I limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per person1 limit one coupon per persoel limTt one coupon per person limit one coupon per person I ni n'OFFER' OFFER' ni OFFERI EjFORFFO OFFERI I I g GO 6 Arl G OD Ap00 GOI April D Ji *Th GOOD GOOlo 0 -, i GOOD OL O ONY O NY Wed. I 3NY ONLY Sj d ONLY~ IWII Thfs II I" 13 "s 114M. 116M" 117 (2) BARNFULS OF (2) CHEESEBURGERS I (2) CHICKEN (2) FISH (2) CHICKEN CHICKEN I FRIES & COKES (2) BIG BARNEYS I(2) BARN0 ERS DINNERS SANDWICHES SNACKS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE IOO THE PRICE OF ONE FORR THE PRICE OF ONE inIt one coupon per person limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per perso limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per pJson IFE IIOD FFE ~ EI RfF FF riGOOD*f I DM G0009 U [JiGO bJJi i GOW 9111E /E GOO INY ONYJ MnONusL' ,TusNi ~ Fr.g ~ 'S t ONLYS i 0N 1 ONLY INe O OF N 18 A''il 19OO 20Apr212 22A#232l2 *"ONY I ( C 1I (2) BARNEYS, FRIES 9 COKES (2) BARNBdY DINNERS ( 2) SHAKES 1(2) CHEESEBURGERS 1 (2) FISH I CHIPS FRIES & COKES FOR THE PRIC f ONE IFO E CE N R THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONtFOR THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONE limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per person limit one coupon per persor limit one coupon per pers{ Aii n opnvprpr. i i OFFER c o FFpon pFFE limit~ oneBFF~ coPnpr es 25F2FE2 t 2 *JO29E. ti'dE Apr HE I ~ I I ~END. ) (2)CHICKEN p) FISr ApriCE, CHICKEN I (2) HAMBURGERS (2) BARNIUSTE S SNACKS (2) BIG BARNEYS FRIES C OKES F H RC OF 1N ORE P C F N OHE EPC FN ORTHE PRICE OF ONE FOR THE PRICE OF ONEI FOR THE PRICE OF ONF PN ECE OF OE F C O 12 128% 9 CI*UP,,S AhNe 1029 N. W. 13ti STREET W ()(ONE BLOCK SOUTH OF GAIN(SVICE MALL) 
