
PAGE 1

'Yo TR W4R BOUQUETS TO JOHN COX' SECRETARY OF INTERIORAN EFFICIENT ELECTION U IFOfl(1 di A 01* Editorials, P. 2 BLUE KEY PLEDGES AMENDMENT OKAYED TRAINEES HERE A MONTH E 34 Z104. *was general confusAnd the campus this regard to an intersof announcements Sby the Navy to its -reservists in the V-7 to the Navy inV-7 students he 1 have one term or mplete for a degree ain in college and or they may reve duty and assign-*college, not necesSone they have ding, to complete jes. Many students at present juniors; ,4pterpreted this to -at they will be alto come back to *a September and reIlthey receive their iu June, 1944. This interpretation. "rd term" as used C Kavy means a "SeAs far As the Univer1* concerned In othe Oo student who will *ble to graduate by 1944, will be perstay in college on tatus. Juniors who 0dointrepreted this inshould take imIneans to correct ending in regard to with the Navy contis ruling. a mien who will gradU. february 1944, it is .64em to make their in4 choices as far as I is concerned.~'4 *of pay, allow__. 7. station, a nd on one -side v ay or allowances 3i1lItary discipline on OiWt. What decision will A0wiset is up to the deAnd needs of the in.4'1111uO V7 man. b t. the Marine Corps .Ot made such specific on available. B u t m00ouncement yesterday .ihirreservists will be About June 30 is at Preliminary warning in 4*j of time. general announcetertaining to the fate the Class III (d) men will 5aoom be supplemented by .er information. Accordto Marine headquarters -4WAshington, a manual exi.* ing in full detail the *rne role in the college 7661049 programs will soon available. The manual explain induction proWUeand will supply infortion about the life of the k, k nes when they are sent h arine colleges for fuitLOlt training. "OW in preparation, t he .04flhal will be available to VOLUME Blue Key In. Last w Taps Eight ar Election Selecting its last pledge class until after the war, Florida Blue Key, campus leadership fraternity, early Tuesday morning tapped nine BMOC's who )lave excelled in at least three fields of campus activity. Awakened in the wee hours of the morning to don' orange and blue pledge ribbons the men were selected after a traditional all night session in Florida Union. New Members William J. Lasarow, organizations, debating, and publications. Warren Goodrich, debating, publications, and student government. John S. Cox, service, politics and organizations. Hamilton Hayes, military, organizations. ana o-vice. Dan Beardsley, organizations, athletics and publications. James Duncan, organizations, scholarship and athletics. Thomas McEwen, service and organizations, publications, and politics. Clay Codrington, service, publications. and or -anizaticfo Dr. Newellu GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA, FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 2, 1943 University Offers Iwo-Term Session Of Summer School Will Begin On June 5 And July 15 The University will offer a summer session of two terms this, summer, it was announced this week by Dr. J. W. Norman. director, who said the terms will begin on Jurie 5 and July 17. The session will be co-educational. Course offerings will stres teacher education in each term, Dr. Norman said, and they will attempt to meet the needs of persons who have been out of the teaching profession for a time and others who have never taught bit who wish to begin teaching in SepI C um a lg a1 I ins I -f tterNewell Chosen "Army Hasn't Taken Over" Dr. Wilmon Newell, provost for Commenting on the fact that agriculture, was elected an honor"the army has not taken over this ary member in recognition of his service to Florida agriculture. Dr. University and has shown no iNewell follows Leland W. Hiat, dication that it will do so," Dr. state welfare council, as the seeJohn J. Tigert, president, said: ond person elected to honorary Dr. Wilmon Newell, provost "The civilian program is being. membership in the last four years. for agriculture, who was eleetcontinued with reduced enrollAdmittance into Florida Blue ed to honorary membership in ment, to be sure, but not with reKey requires that a man have Florida Blue Key Tuesday night. three fields of campus activity in Dr. Newell was chosen because duced emphasis." which he has excelled. One of of his many years of distinThe Unversity now is training these must be his major field, the guished service to the Univerin several groups more than 1,30 one in which he has reached what sity and the state in agricularmy students, but while these are is considered one of the top positural progress. housed in the dormitories, accordtions in that activity. -ing to Dr. Norman, "there will be1 plenty of rooming and boarding Uhief Activity Dfacilities in private homes and Major Florida Blue Key activityerooming houses which now are far1 of the year is the annual sponsoiMe w'irve from being filled." ship of the University's HomeHelps Students coming weekend, and many other Dr. Norman said the summer acts of service which it rendered J lUTO session administration will offer the University during 'the year. its services to prospective stuAnother feature of the organi.d Irvcst popciv tAnoter eatre f te orani La ~~7(1 dents in helping them to find suitzation is the annual award which a r s Ngtetfndui able rooms. it presents each Homecoming to The usual freshman courses will the man who has, done the most be bffered to enable recent high throughout the year for the adBy Eddie Key school graduates to enter college vancement of the University. Members of the Marines Corti in Juner and continue until they Randolph Matheny is president reserve (Class III d) will be callmay be called into service. of the organization. ed to active duty on or about June 30, according to an announceitnt by the joint comiittee for college reserve progiramy. Clarifies Deb ter Takeegistrar Will Advise Each Marine reservist will receive a letter from the registrar's office in the next ten days advisJ D b a A C an ing him to report for an intervev. In U facial Report Dcba t e r s Al Cone and Purpose of the interview will b t Warren Goodrich won second place find out certain vital information According to an announcement in the senior men's division at the about the reservist necesary f(r I by the Navy about the inauguraSouthern Association Forensic makingarrangements for induction of its V-12 program. many: tournament held in Jackson, Mistion u naval andl maritime reservist will Although all Marine reservist be called to active duty about sissippi -last week. will be called to active duty at July 1 and some naval reservists Southern Methodist University the same time, assignments to will be allowed to stay in school won 'top honors after defeating duty will vary. Students who will on inactive status to complete University debaters in a run-off receive degrecI at the end of the their education. match. They also succeeded In current semester will be ordered Text of the announcement: ito the Candidates Class, Marine "Many students now in coll-egc taking most of the other contests Corps officer training school. on inactive duty in one of the without much t'r(uble. Marine reservists who will not Navy's reserve programs, V-1, V-5, In a model congress at the tourreceive degrees attbhe close of tli:s V-7, or on inactive duty in thnament, Goodrich was elected parsemester will be given an opporMarine corps reserve Class 3 (D), liamentarian and he and Al Cone nity t qual fo trai ning i be called to active duty about clg the minority party. Cone was cbJuly 1 as apprentice seamen in tyec led Selected Men naval reserve or privates in th-' chairman of the steering commitMen selected for college trainMarine corps reserve. respectively tee and was the only one able to ing will be on active status as Students in the V-1 program now pass a unanimous labor bill. The privates with pay and allowances in college will take qualifying debate team was at the meet four and will pursue a curriculum pretests near the end of their sophodays and took part in two debates. scribed by the Marines. more year, and those who pass Further details concerning the will be called to active duty as The entire tri lasted seven day's. plan for inducting students an-i apprentice seamen with pay and Dr. Hale accompanied the men the college training procedure will on the trip as faculty advisor. soon be available. See NAVY, Page Four armed service represent*five of the University aboutIn iutB il April 15. The Alligator illutuii Telay this information as While men, women and children On as it is available. are being taught the hate of war, Th4 week's rumor: There a nucleus of students is today hOthi to the rumor that building bi-hemispherical solidarnotngtity with an exchange of ideas and e Army Specialized Trainideals ---not in Utopia but on th 18g Program has just signed University of Florida campus. tfor installing a'The nucleus, known as the Ine Contract f institute of Inter-American Affairs, Anit in the University. Plans has 20 Latin-American students -. establishment of the AS-. from nine Latin-American counare still indefinite and tries enrolled here at the Univerre s Indeinit andsity. *hen final arrangements are Founded 15 Years Ago made, the Army and not the "The institute was founded 15 diversity ill make theni.1, years ago when most people were inclined to ignore Latin-Amen ican relations," declared the Institute's head, John F. Martin, who spent 20 years in Latin-Anrican countries, 15 at various diplomatic posts, before coming to thcampus. "The University of Florida was one of the first to establish a Pan-American organization," Martin said, adding "This set-up was founded at the time by a man Is Pan-Ame icanism who had the vision to foresee thtivities with no restrictions placed importance which our Latinon them as to nieinterslhip in soAmerican relations would finally cial fraternities or other organiza-t assume President Tigert." tions. Several universities and colThe dissemination of Pan-1 leges throughout the country have Americanism is brought about byf since founded Inter-American inplacing regular University stustitutes. Martin said. dents with exchange students i., The aims of the Institute her", the Inter-American section of the Martin stated, are to foster interdormitories. national good will between "he Students selected to room with Americas; promote teaching Westexchange students must have a ern Hemispherical languages; engood scholastic record, an intercourage the exchange of students est in Pan-American problems and' and professors between colleges solutions and show an interest in and universities of the Americas; Spanish, Martin stated. stimulate special studies common The Latin-Americans. to aeto the 'Americas, such as agriculquaint the United States better: ture and promote interplay of culwith its southern neighbors, have, tural ideas and ideals. spoken to various civic and re-' No Restraint ligious groups, made radio tall's Every Latin American student and engaged in campus discushas a right to his own views and sions, it was stated. beliefs and no mental stereotyping Pan-American Day, April 14 process is attempted by the Instiselected by the presidents of all, tute, Martin said, adding that the American republics several years Latin-Americans here are allowed' 'to participate in all campus acSee AMERICA, Page Four War By NIIISRED 92 AVE 5.DAK~ Amendment ig Margin, P Passes 520-25 Four A. M. Brings eita Ci Leads council'ss Iwo-Thirds Vote Chang Ersatz Reveille On April Fool 'Eleven Other Frats To Mere Plurality By 488-55 Count Air corps trainees live a hard enough life without having April fool jokes played on them-but evidently some hard-hearted civilian couldn't resist the temptation. It seems that this aforesaid student, having fair ability on the bugle, went out in the Buckman-Fletcher court yesterday morning at something like 4 am. and sounded off on what could pass for reveille. Then, in Buckman and in Sledd. sleepy trainees yawned, stretched. muttered a fervent curse at the bugler, and prepared for another day. Light blinked on in one room after another. At this point a guard patroling the sidewalk commanded that the lights go off, which meant an explanation to the now thoroughly -aroused trainees. Aside from a few minutes lost sleep, nobody suffered. And the civilian bugler is still at large. Bae'n Chu Begins Talks On Campus Beginning Apr. 14 Baen Chu, young Chinese Christian speaker and world traveler, will be presented in a series of lectures on the campus beginning April 14 at the sponsorship of the YMCA. The initial speech will be given to an open convocation in the Florida Union auditorium at 7 p.m. Thursday, April 15, and at which time some explanation will he made of the Student Volunteer Movement which is presenting a series of student lecturers to colleges and universities over the nation. Special Invitations Special invitations for this first address have been issued to those organizations on the campus including the Institute of InterAmerican Affairs, Los Picaros, the International Relations club, and the various church groups, but the meeting will be open to the members of the student body, faculty and aviation students. Chu, who will he on the campus April 14, 13, and 16, haa been studying at Brown University and Colgate-Rochester Divinity School during the year he has been in this country. Worked With Chinese YMCA Previously he obtained his B.A. degree from Hangehow Christian college and has held various YMCA posts in China. He also represented the Chinese YMCA at the last xorl conference at Mymore II AnH Council Sponsors Red Cross Dance I tAoe Fr iolic. a benefit dancea Con'the A merican, Reod Cross, will 1-' held Saturday, April 10, i the basketball ('ourt, Fred Wh it-. o'hain'mn o~f the dianc'e comnmittee, announced yesterday. The dance, which is sponsored by the executive c-ouncil. will last fmrm q to 12, Decorations will be furnished by the Red Cross. Contests will be held and prizes awarded, White said. Servicemen are especially inviteo to attend the (ance, which will be informal. Admission will be 60 cents with ladies admitted free. Tickets will be sold at the Florida Union desk beginning Monday. Seniors Senior class invitations will be on sale from 1 till 5 in Florida Union until Wednesday, April 7. Orders for invitations must be in during this time so that they will arrive by graduation. Invitations must be paid for when ordered. ED LANG. I Bridge Tourney SAE's, I KT's Follow Closely In First Round I )lt a ( 'I juImpei into an earlV lead in the canhpuis iaternity Sbridgetoura ment after com ption (01, the first i'ounois play last Thursday night with a high score of 65', Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Phi Kappa Tal followed close behind with score's of 63 and 62 rcIqpectively. Number two round, which constitutes the last round of the preliminaries to be played and from Which the five high teams will qualify for the finals, was held last night at the SAE house, but results werc not available at press time. The finals will con iist of on last rond play of the five leadi ug frate-nties selected on basis of an averaged high score acquired front the preliminaries, and will be held next Thursday night at one of the houses not yet decided upon. When a winner is declared. that fraternity will receive a loving cup to be presented by the IFC. Complete standings after the first round play and scores follow: Delta Chi, 65; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 63; Phi Kappa Tau, 62: Phi Kappa Phi, 49; Sigma Nu, 48; Delta Tal Delta, 48; Sigma Chi, 47; Phi Delta Theta, 46; Alpha Tan Omega. 42: Phi Kappa Alpha, 41; Kappa Alpha, 40; and Kappa Sigma, 37. Dr. F. H. Leavell Visits Baptists To Inspect BSU Dr. Frank H. Leavell, department of student work head of the Southern Baptist Convention, visited the campus last week to check on progress of the local Baptist Stuo lent Union. Dr. Lea veil expre ssc# pleasure with the work of the local B. S. in spite of the war, lack of a student secretary, and the great los.q of students. In view of the apparent shortag( of students next semester. he urged that ann effort hw made to enlist the arm v aviation sttilents in the B. S. U, proMan., Servi'-%cu "There was a large percentage of uniformed nien in the services last Sunday than in any 'ongrega tion I have seen in my travels over the South," he said. The larg-e investments of the various denominations in student centers impressed Dr. Leavell., who plans to write a feature article in the Baptist Stuident. Southern BSU publication, with pictures of the various student religious cent e'rs, Visits Other Colleges After leaving the cainpus Dr. LPavel visited Stetson. Miami. and Tampa. Upon returning to his office in Nashville, Tenn., he, will begin planning the program, of the Southwide Baptist Student red By Odell Griffith With 5 1) students marking ballots in yesterday's special election, Florida Blue Key's wartime senate plan of student government landslided in with 320 votes. Favored by a vote of -188 to 5> was an amendment to the StIldent governMent coistittiti .u n h icI0 states, 'All regular business shall he passed by a two-thirds vote," this amendment making it possible for the executive council to act on busiourMenChosen ness matters with a plurality rather than a two-thirds vote. The senate government pla, orMeet which will go into effect at the end of the present semester, was A L -A -1 .-1IT P presented to the executive council Match 11 by Randolph Matheny, president of Blue Key. and Ray Pearson, chancellor of the IHonor Court, after the campus leadership organization had studied the wartime government emergency brought on by student officials being called to the services. In Force For Duration The Blue Key plan, which is, to remain in full force and effect for the duration of the present semester and two complete regular semesters thereafter,"vests all legislative power of student government in a student sen-I ate, composed of 16 members, the senate president to be elected from this group by its members. (The Blue Key c(Wim.titution was! published in toto in tle March 12 Alligator.) Matheny, formulator of the plan; with Peat-son and other student; government officials in conjunction with Dean R. C. Beaty, who represented the administration, said last night of the plan's adoption: "The newly enacted emergency constitutional amendment will be the medium of continued student government in the traditional manner. Through its centralization of power in the student senate and its broad general powers. it will insure a closeknit student government which, working in harmony with the administration, should be able to meet andl c(ope with any contihgency which might arise during the emergen'y." Pearson ComamIts On ('hange Pearson said of the government amendment: "The fact that the proposed plan for modified student government on the campus passed by such an overwhelming majority of those voting is convincing that Florida men are still definitely interested in their government and theirI honor systern and want to see it See WAR, Page Thre ERC Notice Army Enlisted Reserve Corps members, with the exception of Those enr-oiled in advanced ROTC, are to take the. army A-12 examination today, according to orders received from Fourth Service Command headquarters. These students should have obtained their application from the office of the registrar in order to be admitted to the test, which is to be held in torium from morning. At LuI&Otte, II. tL Goodrich, Cone, Flax, Anderson, Are Selected Four men will represent tho University at the Grand Eastern Forensic Tournament to be held at Charlotte. N. C., April 8, 9, 10, announced Prof. A. A. Hopkins, varsity debate coach. (ioodrich, Cone, May Go Alan Anderson, Seth Flax, Al Con(,, and Warren Goodrich are the men that have been chosen to make the trip. The latter two, however, may not he able to go because of the accumulation of their studies while at the Southi ern Association tournament held in Jackson, Miss., last week. In the senior men's group at that -time, Al Cone and Warren Goodrich tied for second place. Goodrich placed second in men's extemporaneous speech. These men will participate in eight or more rounds of debate.There are many contests to be entered at the tournament, but with only a small number attending from thia University. a few ronmis are alxmt all they will be able to handle. Seth Flax will enter oratory contests. Various Contets Contests at the tournament will consist of address readings from inuscri pts handed contestants an hour before the -event, after dinner talks, ordinary debates i Florida's team has entered this categorY ), impromptu talks, and radio newscasting. Some members of the faculty will accompany the men to the meet. Dr. Hale went with the debate team last week in their trip to Mississippi. Red Cross Goal Is Not Reached Official closing of the campus ned Cross drive on March 31 finds the collection has reached the $120 mark, which is some distance short of its goal, according to Committee Chairman Theodore Poulos. Although the goal has not yet been reached, prompt response by the fraternities which have not turned in their contributions would probably send collections ovemthe mark. As a report mut l be made ti) local headquarters soon, all djethe University audilinquent fraternities are urged to 9 to II a.n. this act quickly. Contributions can 4c ttirined in at D~ean Beat3-'s office. The N#ext SevPen DVays VILIDAY, AFRUi, I THROI-GH TH RDAV, At-Rif, 8 VEIIDA V OCS, 7:39) p.m., Union 299. Blue Key Pledges, 5 p.m., Uni'n 318. Army Moving Picture, 3 p.m., Uion Aud. Army-Navy Testy, 9 a.m., Univ. Aud. SAT[URDA-Y Blue Key Pledges, 1 pm., Union :08. SUNDAY YMCA Brakfast, 8 p.m. Union 208. O(S 5)p.m., Camp Wauburg. Ifllel F>urdation -Dr. Paul Hanna, 4 p.rn. seventh and UniversityC laude Murphrer, organ recital. 4 p.m., Univ. Aud. 1I0NDAY Alpha Phi Omega. 8 p.m., Union 208. Sigma Delta C-*hi. 7:15 p.m. Union 208. APO Pledges. 8:30 p.m., Union 210. Scabbard ind Blade, 7:30 p.m. Union Aud. Army Court Room, 8:30 a.m., Honor Court Room. TU ESDAY General College Engineers, 7 p.m. Union 305. School of Architecture--Moving Pictures, 8 p.m., Union Aud. Retreat in Ridgecrest, N. C., June WEDNESDAY 9 through 17. St. Matthews Lutheran Tent Service, 8 p.m., Union Audi F) I I I a %F-W NUMBER 2-3 ; 1 44 all mn u ww 

PAGE 2

THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR PAQ2 TWO. Th fiduGM Blu EwMh Bly 19ddle Kelly VOLUME 34 ZO4 NUMRU Z33 HOMER t OKS .Editor MARUQMULSEY .Managing Editor PHIL CRAIG.Business Manager ONmS.6W* M aTWO" Ab AVSWAWNGMember -m gw mssockied GAP icle Fe a*"e""* -." A""a -m.am.m-OIDibifor dO G-Alepicde Die sest Thoatht'-for4he week: CAmgpaadations to time eight men weus= e and pm an pMm dWe ebbons of F~m da Blue Key. You have proved yourselves worthy of the honor. To The Wewers Of The Blse This is to you nuw men soon to be members of Frida Blue Key-highest extra-cuiricular honor on the campus. Each of you can accept the pledge pin you are wearing as recognition of your leadership and ability in campus affairs. You have proved that unselfish service to others and to your school ranks first in vour character, and that you have shown definite initiative and zeal in tackling activities outside the realm of text books-and doing well i them. We are not sure that you will -ever have the privilege of working for the University as an active society, in view -of -iment avcertaintv. Most likely you will leave the camnp-s Wom wth small chance of returning. sut -if circumstances permit you to remain or return to the Universit your membership in Florida Blue Key should be the one driving incentive which will spur vo on to greater fields of service to our school. Rather than being an end to vour campus activities through which you become elaible for membership. Florida Blue Key opens the Eoor $or many :more channels of service. And when you leave school, remember that you carry away w ith you the highest honor on the campus. Now you 7nust translate service to a much broader sense -service to couritry and allies. Whether vou ever experience activIties of Florida Blue Key on the campus, you can certainly take with you, wwrever you go and in whatever you -do, the high prineike. and ideals of the orgaftiat Unselfish service is the meaning of the key you wear. Wear it well -always. N~ l 94wiN e w In G.erament Yesterday the student body ratified the amendment to the conuitution which -drastically modifies its form for the idhortion of the war. By accomplishing this, Florida once again showed its high standards of student government in recognizing and* ~sibly acting upon a grave emergency which threatened to drag our government system to a complete halt, simply because it would be too complex to funetih) in 1the wartime 'condition. This amenment is not at all a small thing. It goes to the roots of the student overnment theory, and without sacrtficing one -iota of the fundamental rights of popular representation, provides a flexible, streamlined, and highly efficient framework for student government in w-itime. Gone arp the spectacular, all-day elections held twice a year. wth their nreceedin nights of anxious prenaration of the party tickets. Gone. too. ore the actionpacked meetinrs of the executive council. with its oratorical -demonstrations and magnificent appropriations. Gone, w. het not forever. Bease theve is within this amendment which w* have just passed a stipulation automaticalty reverting to the present constitution when peace reigns again. Then-back to the student government of old. and the camniis war kooeqon-as usIu*l. Dixie party vs. Florida party, or whatever they are caled in that happy future time. 0 A M"Gew.Aud A4Ufs Well It has .been a minth now since the army Air Crew trainees came to the campus to begin their five-month college training program. 0Many students frank-ly had their fiijgers crossed when the trainees f4rOt arrived as to whether the-v would fit into the cmnus without friction somewhere along the line. Vt wa t feared by some that tudent-oldier feeling won1d create a problem delicate to handle and hird to ftt we are verve hap-py t'o point out to those skepties That they are 100) ereent wrong. Not only have the air rew trainees -most of them of our own age-become an Integral part of the student body. but a general friendly feeling has been established between students and soldiers which is probably uneoualed on other campuses where similar conditions exist. Time and time again we see student .and soier talking together, cracking jaqes mith each other, discussing mutual interests (women), or just pulling around. Becauseof t'eiT revimentation, the trainees naturally cannot participate much more than they are now in campus activities, but that to us is iot as important as the feeling which has been so well bvilt up this month. Perhaps later in their conrse they can gradually work into extra-curricular activities now carried on by students alone. Anyway, the first month has been a success. And in the few remaining weeks that we students will be here, we will do our best to maintain the friendly bond with our new Florida men. EDITORIAL BOARD Tom McEwen .Eieeuttwe ditor OdelU iftIth.News EAItor Eddie Kelly .AsocIaW WAIEtur I Dee Van Wagenem. .War Editor Louis Safer-. Co-Spoat. X Riko Rihc d Turner.Rewrite Editor Sid Sauuc.o-Sports Editor REPORTERS Morgan McJunkin. photographer; Ed Barclay, cartoonist; Johnny &irton. CaweUs Wenstein, SiU Edwards, Ed 1Paut, Walter Crews. Jack Woerpel. enough to go around.However, the librarians are doing a swell job. considering the vrampe,4 facilities. CAMPUS FACTLITVS: Revivethe old spirit of campus political war-fare as soon as the international war-fare is Over. This Gat or t madition should not be allPmwed to di". Al)plyilg democIiacY to stirdm'it goVernm(nt is go trading fo) 11:0t II vtrrs arnd jitlitii'oes. imroe of the same when they leave the Universitv. A'LI(.1GATOR COLUMNISTh: Organize anti-vigilante groups to see that the writers who strive so intiustiously for Student welfare shall not peri.h from the camlipis. Gargoyle Presents Two Films Tuesday Gargoyle, honorary architectural traternit. will present two nuoving picture films entitled 'The Story of Rock Wool risukation"and "Heat and Its Control" to interested architecture and enigineerno s'itnt l p. m April in tih* Florida 1-nion Auditorium. Th-odoce Polilos. in charge of a r a ng''ments for the program, s-I y v't ir iaY that although the ftin,. 'vil -of particular interest tt th's. students studying these special fit-Is. everyone is invited to attend. U I ROY ROGERS in RIDING DOWN THE CANYON ANN SHIRLEY in LADY BODYGUARD 8A11 ANAYZES ideas and suggestions for post-war planning in Gatorland. Some new methods have come about as a result of the war-; others as a result of war-time thought. Man of these may well be preser ved into oeace, but some of them will have to go back into the moth balls for the next twenty-five sear period of peace. Whether or not their return will then be necessitated because of another war is up to the internAtional peace-planners. We hope they do a good job. Here tiey are: PUBLICATIONS: Mainta-n freedom' of the press. The Alligator has been of real service to the student body. Could do a lot more if it were a daily. and had its own publishing equipment tied in with the department of journaiurm .'.*. Choose all major publication officials by the Eleectoral Board. .Revise and modernize the antiquated "F" book. Set certain standards of advertising revenue for btisinkess managers to achieve .m"i riore pub Ication staff members. R(lEATION: Frm Department of Recreation and Entertainment in the student government to plan and organize things for students to do besides gilting drunk or going to the movi th two present alternativem:-; In ( inosvillI. Itvote a, im0e oL an' floor of Florida uni.n as it will take to promote general 'lean fun for the student body and the oons-' sional female visitors. (We would say something here about making the institution co-edu.ational, but some one would holler "Utopia!") THE HONOR COURT: Viva! BEANER.ES: When we get them back.I The arnm is now training numerous men as mess sergeants, giving them iiplomas and plenty of pigs iboh, porky and guinea to exprinment with. Whon the war is over, Possibly the 1111 ha hhouses eIAn oitairi some of h,. men when they returnI as i vi jails ani liput thet'imi in hargi' o pinning mea s, ik irgaid making ts'o l t;i ps. W-ii h:a little effirlency ai onesigt, students s coulilit, egivin Nerd V of bread for a little dogh. Dieticians are sup'rri f1t i1) planning part "v nickacks a" 1 cocktail dain tiest, but wA.henli comes to seeing enough vitles for large groups of men, the gals have been hnindted somewhere along the way by something. Perhaps its because they are taught to measure steaks anti potatoes bi vitamins and calories and forget that the stomach is still a cavitv to be filled. In other worils, running the heaneries is a mansized job and anuimn should have it. PFP: If anything adapted by the University in war-time should be continued. it is I he plan for building Saurian Supermen. Improvements cowdl be made: Some credit shoulder given toward P degree. .There should be a clarification of just what it takes to get kicked oit for non-attendance. .Results would be better if (lasses'were held six days each week with instiuction in some snort every other day.The other days should be devoted to a fll hourof sand-bag calisthenics. -Fifty percent of the males in the United States should not e unfit when the next war strikes. LIBRARY: Should be able to offer much better service when the war is over and new additions are built.W.Would he a good idea to buy more books for general college use than dust volumes which will only be perused by termites. If this were done. the Honor Court wouldn't have such a ha t task tracing the -oirse hooks .There would he R07 : Af/##./s J, W ?/ -W/st/eVe V MWr)AA 9r6MV3A#'O JV W/M/// 01 AMAdWEA//f//r t ler 1. The Editor Dear Editor: Wetimiliit hlie fol lOwing beef w dti regard to your Y i ,I.enj, (.i-cih > ) 2)o 1wt iigriiieers Field Day. I I til' a t sO e .t i is art i CI yo State that" Oil April 17 a iie\\ Iam>ion w be declared." For the last ) e % en vca Is m(lcertainly f p the next eleven years the ('ivil Engineers DI)epartieiit has and% will be the afore iiietitioied champion). We cordAi'l y invite all editors, engineers and other iiiteirestcd parties to the civil engineers castle (500 feel sMnut h of stadium, 200 feet \w(est of photo Iab, ele\-atioi 1: 5.9:6 Iifeet above mean sea level). All elips ever .i\ I r loI )IaY are oH il )em1 anient disJ)laY here. Oceans of love, J. Betz, J. Flood, T. Mruz, Representing C. E. Department J S. Also iII tills sane issue of' The Alligator two of oInr <I4 \0ti] h-av es h\ II' s Iit-ed(l (lefamiatioll of ( r.i *l \m ill v file suit. After slaving fo lk\ a tI(Il:1 II a If 1 ha,1.l ( e v 1 to be l)ledge(l to Sigma Tail, III ~ ~ ~ ~ ()I k-iiaI iHI i Ui I()he ('1a5W(I 8as lElectricals IIIsh"I(I )Io*(1CIIls. 'I'me n -e II toward M rac k(ii ai) I ,;'. ('; It .) i vIo'tY pe-:t ci r h8\Vler' at ally tine as Ilho' 11 b<cv(' l en suffenIlig lilini ail iiif'eriorIty coiliplex The Alligator most humbly apologizes to Messrs. McCracken and Carter for disgracing them so grossly. A low salaam to the Civils-but just to be safe, we think the other engineers are fine fellows, too.-The Editor. Freshman Tells How Fire ighters Won Out In lBie Battle With Flae By Arnold i Carrico C-3 Lab L avi ng tle forestry truck o ilv a few yards behind lhe fi, linIe, WV e aoi h ed O r O)onent with ea Ppons iII habnd. It wIs a blazini, crackling thing. this fire line tit \ e faced, a veritable snake writhing forward mII the in idl de aml growing at bo0th ends. The r; iiger (1 ciHl I d Iiat we sh0omd bisect the serpenill I daze amil dest roy* vone-li a f of it at a time. As long aIs thel.f'ilte 1had a wkinld to bro athe, its s*eethiig body'v w4as too power-fiil for us to attack. Heaving by its own fiery migt, hIIIe forest fi re exhaled clouds of smoke and h eat. sief yi rig. before drawingg close enough to devour all life, wht her plint or Iaimiial, that lay in its path. First Blow Struck II a 1i('ezelessi 0 Hi moe t when thie fire was weakened f'or lack1 of hreathl, kwe, dealt It a \isciouis blow -InIthe back. it the sticc-'es of our attn pt seeme (loU btfu I.Slith ering ipalicrh< I grass, the fin e limbed into palmettos and gallb lwir bsh es from which it easily ascen(de6 the rosin co\(rI1fd riInks of the pine s slashed for turpentine. Tlhe ules.sness of I rYiiig to beat it out made tis resort ,ee IFISHME N Page Four AND GET THE YANKS THANKS DOUBLE FEATURES SHOWING RICHARD TRAVIS iU T TRUCK BUSTERS MARGARET LINDSAY in LET'S-HAVE FUN NQ4TAURUS ~ By Odell Griffith Tints w~k's -iut-s .ye gos to Conneltmani Frre White for his motion to hold a (iator Red 4roe.' 4amce. Couincilnian Fred White's motion with subhs,quent acceptance by the executive council tot a University Red Cross dance to be held on th% eek-end of April 10 deserves praise. E~eyone is willing to give to the World'-c Greaest Mother. But like all person-to-pert;i solicitations. the campus Red Cross drive hoii dragged. According to Councilman Ted ogls. chairman of' the canipus Red Cross canipaign, i, ntern ity men have been reached fairl* well but nonfraternity men still have not been contacted t' fectivei. A Chance To (Mve The dance, sponsored ly the executive counil for' the University, will give every student in Aqual opportunity to make a Red Cross contribtation, at the same time getting an evening's recredtion in return fonr the donation. The week-end of April 10 was selected, since the Block & Bridi" shiiw aid the Barristers' Brawl will be held at that time. White, working with Councilman Bob Eatoii and Dudley Arnold, are -now making plans form thaftair. And with the promise of a good week-entI for the .student body, the least we can do is turn tut en masse for the Red Cross function and dan,so that the wounded and horneleks niy keep thei faith in tomorrow. Why Not PFP Make-u i. Fror this corner it appears that clarificatioir should be made on PFP rulings. It was annonrced Inst week that the discipline committee hid itcoinmended dismissal of three students for cutting PPP. Yet, the proceedings from charge to execution of the decision have been shrouded in a manner besmacking of the Star Chamber'. At the beginning of the semester, the rithletif department announced there would be no ext'ncued absences or' make-ups. Flagrant violations of class attendance should not be tolerated, but with th wartime conditions in which students are entangled, there could at least be one make-up session held weekly, or' every two weeks, for unavoidable cuts. Intercollegiate sports have been dlscoitinued and even with the aircorps group, student itillnnent is no\,%-lowx~ enoumgh that suc h a plan wnrl not thr-w too great a burden on PFP 10' IUnder the present set-up, four -cuts place a student on probation. Six t'its are groimds forex pulsion front the University, action being dependent upon the dist-p ine committee. We asked an assistant coach it sickness or death was grounds fiir a legitin nte exNSe, and the coach, whoso mnaime is withheld, said 1no; that only absentloietld by lt.' Student's military situation w~ ec'used, gm-anriinp it' thi' excuse hem ig d. ic'ndt'ir I o.n the cnch.Grounds Vor Expulsion So under the set-iip a student could t'chnicall v he expelled from the University after he had been called home because of the death or serious illnm-e in his family. We don't think such extreme actit in would be taken. but according to the rules this could happen. And the discipline committee ha; done no clarifying. We defended the Honor Court's decision that IFP class cutting by un-Florida methods 'be declared cheating under the Honor Code. We advocated action of the problem prior to the court's decision. And now. since the student body has cooperated with PIP personnel, we don't believe it is asking too much for' a little clarification of' PFP rules and regulations from the Athletic.i department and the discipline committee. Functioning of Florida's honor system is necestello then talks to Abbott about o iig when ithe cyes of the Wod it and' theytdecideto try ant 'ire fo-usseil(on the battle fielb win ome ne at the of North Aftica The plot Celtrack. What happens at the ti rmi ml arlR racetrack and how the pair tis arouio a small atr'O finally manage to pay for the in the deseit. Their leaderIsIt (lead horse, take tip the major Sergeant. hut the story d0hportion of the film. mainly with the inner battle" An Inspiring story 4-4 a Wind of fIghters who eonjuer Me tht corporal. played by enemy and the elements, The corporal tinds himself an",M 'Immortal Sergeant" eo-stars the inferno of battle on t Henry Fonda and Maureen Libyan sands and emergeS 32 O'Hara in a desert epic that an inspired loader when t eones to the Florida Sunday death of the sergearit forces W3V and Monday. This isa timely picture comsiee FLIcKEB Page Four DO YOUR PAPT NOW-BUY WAR BONDS (h Sofid MEMO Relax and G@ Week of Hits %.% To The Movie MATINEE, 35c STUDENTS, SATURDAY. 28c EVENING, 406 THURSDAY THRO H SATURA A WIN, PLACE AND FUN SETI s SUD LOU CUEH F Am T~csTILLet 8i not he said th,. 1dull 11-1 y mienit within thc 114118 l'SC\\ something alwav. oli % iis 14' week it has proved to b.I tdiy rav arrive at arnonent's ic,1 the If (41$ "peac-hes andc(earIl '~' 'diof1 "2,.". 'The is isi corowiih 'i alv~av~s did think ilI: t ::iuN cime out with stiithiiim 51 wh better indication thaintt ha V V'a t.v (if coW. l "le a qu im i' .th e thi 'i< -1l 't V 1i -1,th t Don't Whistle At Soldier, "Take it upon y1I.si t .'in whilj Ing out (! vindovs st 5ilio i--" II ii! ')I the text tji a light-flash 1:-f.pu l"ry os I t g by th threctors ()I Wit, ( ub ho$W a#1 (I-] .Landit. Bvau.',1 iN dears, she su. th d in qins. Ulmn I tul ned th" saliut'top 1iln I onloe dcown, oiLandisI h-siw I > .riyihed 'nr com on p'' and the restwt i t.;n uits spent in repolsing his attemr I" ni -alliance tthe dorm stars. i E(vottl .-j fa-h 'Ut 4 cirdltr). Secondly," petting Is not a.11o"w4d t e iu vloed doors of tilt iintie pitrii r.; hereafter p1eailse leave them t open"!'The e iitire looks rather brimliant,--full oi lights, an) way. What could entail ire sihiwks i! cit(meTi or faces of gloim than '-ojli; rit'i'-' intl hoy(res a W escottt lull (I "s." T T4 l st r i h. r ighteoUJ Wert' nIit neg elected, the mite i t v is>. w'ell, to'. mnI rw is a new U vd. a n ie v I r#Iiid al IIof n ci t.s. Spring brings the newnto-s i I()Ithmjgs. Election are over. installations a itin dr, the wheels g turning under new hands. a cl-'-n sla ie for grade is open for any i m roveenint. and tihtsun briagi tit Minerva, pale of th% \ miter asw. for a sun tan in the newest (I'imiin sized bathing suites (You will like this seasons improvemetL, I understand. Time For Sun 'a.n Sun decks are being crowded, and red'-facea red-limbed, red-midrift girls artiio axrvg the hat waves for a freckle or two amd that good leathery coniplexion 'vol lo ti t h.'''Clab J!ioits are alsio I Season iih-i-e'tinal botWe of sho polish tor "Q ick, tip ti the minute m#N vice on shos"., tit', sor tr itits art ,'ntertainiV with senii-lavish parties ind l tos or this weeiend's soliter party. A whiff of inmori Iings ti imind the "Jalt blast" at (Iville. Seems thi 'v\ contiim lly pit to ''last" this orthat these tavs 'in to arihist every weekendd planned. Pt-I tiis Iiiii'O tirt' tif tNe it-sc'i vc' cm ip,,has ilaiuulitnt-dI sifliI,; isfor WI iaritv. we hope not. sary, and it has timI tin d in the li I iprigrai. Br1t abuist' of iltsysitill I'yi this' mii p wii4 Is justified. Infirmary Antivilma It was stated last week that efforts had be made by the infirm arv to i ',niihi t to tiV stridentC body but with th' n milmtiv taking oVer more and more of the 'niversitV, evn this *cO venience' whi h-we pi efii 1 <i ali a j Iob for whiek one is paid might It di.scontinuti sner or late?. We are more than glad to r ihnqiiish the to firmary in favor of the nuilitwy, since service 5naS come first. But if this happeis. we hope the bull' ness office finds it cfmvenNiint to drop the nt" dollar infirmary fe' i-har'ged stijdvnts in actidtf fees. I 1 SEVEN DAYS IN THE WEEK FRIDAY and SATURDAY SUNDAY and MONDAY TUESDAY ONLY -BARGAIN DAY -2Sc ALL DAY ROBERT PRESTON MARTHA O'DRISCOLL in in NIGHT OF JANUARY MY HEART BELONGS 16th TO DADDY WEDNESDAY and THURSDAY MARLEN#E DIETTRICH FAYE PAINTER JOHN WAYNE EWA" ARNOLD i lfl WAR AGAINST PITTSBURIGHAM. HADLEY By Rlchard Turner -it Ain't Hay," a picture featuring Bud Abbott and Lou Costello in their usumJ roles of pulling gags and getting Into diffk uit situations, wi,, en,,n, ,t thre day showing at the Florida Theatre today and %aturda-v. One of the scenes of the picture shows Lou Costello feeding a stick of candy to a horse belonging to a cab driver. The horse dies andthe cab driver tells Costello that he will have to get him a new horse. CosEngineers Elect Taylor President Earle Ta' Im was elected presilei-i f thi general college enginerior'i soiitv in a special reor-gmwzat 'iii nit-cing held in the P''Iirida Un iontmnislav night. t Pnr f 'lt 'ie-s 5ehted tt serVe tht tirumn ine of the semester intI1-: A 1i; ii wte 'ilkler .vice'a -s I i y Eiiirress.serea : aold t i1:i 14 1Uiller ani Al E I 'rwsidiit T:i','ior' annoiiedvfr thaIl ih .iixt met-ting w 11 ho IiR-ld Tiea, iiY night at 7:15 in htFloridI 'min at 1Ahich the finnli.r i r-g'm z it in will be oh ii:.'l 4 a 1 w-.l as plans for Engitrt'I ld hav. BUY WAR BONDS BUY WAR BONDS MATINEE 25c EVENING 30c I FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 2, tj ii 

PAGE 3

Sla.s By Sid Brouse 0f Praise intranmral program continue to h ]l the interest of .-bey Track and 'Soccer of an intramural nature have reand spring football practice in campus sport gossip, mural officials are due no end of praise for the fine -part. An undermanned staff has been overworked since Apurgeon Cherry has encouraged hard play at all times, that it be in a sportsmanlike manner. An occasional ppup has been quickly remedied. We can show our -4*r the fine job the workers are doing by being tolerant, should they occasionally make a mistake. In view ces both officiating and general direction of the proF*given an A-1 rating. ~ksg3u~Praise of state newspapers on their comments on Florida's of all intercollegiate athletics for the duration has -A Ing~e protest. There has -been nothing bhit praise aficials who recommended the move. altude is a far cry from that of Notre Dame, beI r nuter of Head Coach Tom Uieh. The 4righ are behe f&t -that onky 48 nben showed up for ,%Wrng football i Igh is all Florida would have if a call could be I%prm-tkce. d the greatest good for the greatest number is what .iEper~tnt appears to be following. Coaches watild sob conduct PFP and a spring sports program. EveryfWP-hence PFP. gi the-coaches are so sore at night after partIelpsting In wM ih ther PFP charges that wives of the men are befguiwry less their hushands become old before 'ieir time. the week Coach Cherry thought a group of his charges mo -the obstacle course run. To make sure ihat the iWdd mnot he wasted he led them around Fleming Field Ow 44 was all he could do to hobble to Coach Aiehts offIce .Rm, charges were dropping out from exhaustion after BY O-ps. Possible PFP -ieb is a strong believer in the adage that one is never too It-Is his desire to give Florida the best possible PFP proAs a result he is away from the campus learning the army's! for mass physical education instruction. It will be inb see changes, If any, his return next week will bring about. an their own initiative have been conducting a PFP prowould rate favorably-with any in the nation. a g DR* iiers been a fine spirit of cooperation between army air' m "ta and civilian students on the campus. The soldiers heuswbig help to the morale of the civilians and the civIlians so WiW to help the soldiers while away what tnie they kWI. ifsome athletic competition could 1be held between the ww' a teurnamemt basis it would make life for all just a ,laite~lttng. It might even he something as mild 4as a or r a plug pong tournament. Those ekilians and wanting to participate comild sign up on a voluntary basis. ba., erdraw,-they all know the principals of sportsmanlike $ is corner feels that athletic officials need have no tlmiowilbreak them. uA Rumor a wiWe last week there was a rumor going around that there 0-6ther all-American athlete among the army air corps students to Bill Dudley. The mongers had it that Bruce Smith, who: 2h4 the load for Minnesota during several successful seasons, was Ow. Bruce Smith is here alright but this one was a journalism Stukt at Whutouri. He has played a little football but can't rival Dud-, n'S tle air corps stUdents' ace football celebrity. LTke A 3ev, Coach Geurwr, (W~k~mu*Genovar is doing a good job of keeping the UniV igianlng pool In shape. He has had his hands full asftt dlo gym and thereby making physical exercise just *"Awafhaaant. When the soap begins to run out for use in ibvio#*runs around pulling his thinning locks until-he has 60 bt days that lie ahead students will more and more en fe work of Coach Genovar as-they cool off in the Uher PFPUis mng pool this year will probably see more use than For a long time the officer candidates have been e If It and air corps students are finding out gradually qualities. Last year Coach Genovar gave -free swim*04hetion and may again be prevailed upon to teach the img through the water with ease. O gg iCoacb lGenovar was as much at home in water as a 4Wv he has to remain on dry land for the love of cutting 4 0O ppool makes him forget the fact that his back can't Train It eoild in his youth. He rates as one of the bet. in the SouthAwison.For Success S tt Julian M., Humphries watches over the scores of his chebarges as a mother hen watches over her chicks. The MOers are presently firing against the best ROTC rifle teaps UMtlt'y for the national championship. They are alreadywin%e orps area title. John Folks. Alternate Captain Elisha Coleman. and Bill the "Big Three" on the team, undoubtedly have hurt their! ft*69 many times during the season worrying about the suef the team as a while. All the worrying has paid big dividends heoarksmen this year possess one of the best records in the hist the team. Formulated Board Contest inary plans are now heing f1r the Board of Control coni declamation and oratory to held her April 20, A. A. Hopannounced yesterday. tMe who are entering the conMet laot night in Peabody 205 \their part in the comnIn these contests junA1td Wiors deliver original and -General college men deCIa nations. All other debwee discussed at the ieet-I NOile an encouraging number *iAdita have already entered teftothers still have an ity to do so by reporting I Peabody 203 as the preeliminations will not lace until April 20," said Ropkins. Alpha Phi Omega Pledges Four Men Crosby Dawkins. Phillip Nourse, Ballard Simmons. and Jim Bryon were pledged this week by Alpha Phi Omega, national Boy Scout fraternity. Further pledging will take place next week. Although curtailedkby wartime conditions, APO is continuing its work of service to the campus. Three main projects: infirmary i visitations, patrol leader training, and get-togethers with servicemen on the campus are now underway. The infirmary work has been partly discontinued, as the army PX has refused to allow students to buy material otherwise unobtainable, although two-thirds of this went to soldier patients. The Patrol Leader's Training: course has been under the direction of Fred Hallock, with the help of other members. Plans are being made for meetings with formenscouts in the OCS and aviation school. Phi Sixti ByT 0 '"Ole' Le" Gene Lee, varsity football player, captured firsts in the running broad jump and high jump anti a third in the shot put to garner 12 points for top individual honorij in the annual intramural track and. field meet. He left after his feat for his hiae in Elberton, Ga., prior to going into the army on April 5. MUSING3 By Louis Safer Fraternity soccer reached its final stage this week with all quarter-final positions claimed and one team progressing to the semifinal round. In the upper bracket. Pi Lamb-. da Phi awaits the winner of the Delta Chi-Delta Tau Delta game to play for one final spot. Sigma Alpha Epsilon will play' the winner of the Phi Delta Theta-Sigma Nu game in one quarter-' final match in the lower bracket, while Alpha Tau Omega and Chi Phi will meet in the other third round match. The scoring for soccer, which is a major sport,. will be 150 points for the winner, 13 points for the other finalist. Other points will be scoi-ed on the basis of 21) points per. round with all teams participatng trance points. tion to points ing. receiving 50 enThis is rot in addiearn('clby procgressGreek Track The track meet which was held earlier in the week was, as expected, not up to par with Greek meets of past years. The times were slow but this can be explained by the withdrawal of many top-notch trackmen from the meet when the ERC was called. Conipetition was as keen as usual though. Phi Delta Theta threw their full strength into ti meet andI unofficial repo ts are that the Phi Delts may have clinched the fraternity league championship by annexing the track crown. Of course soccer and tliamondball are still undecided, so these rumors can not be cotit teil until the standings are i-eleaqcd by the Intramural office. Intramural office -ls are working on the standings now and they will appear next wteek. Protest decided One of the outstanding accomplishments of the intramitral system this Near has been its success in operating without a large number of protests a ind coplint s. One of the ftxw' protests which have come tip was handled to the satisfaction of both lodges cncorne i. Alpha Taoi Omega and Taoj Epsilon Phi will meet ag ~tin foir the handhaM doubles title. In their previous match the Blackfeet won two of the first three games. 'hut the Teps carnthack to capture the last two. According to tie intrauiral handbook the match should have gone only two out of thtee matches, but through the carelessness of the intramural offi-ials it was allowed to.continuie. It was cOilipleted in good faith and the parties met with Coach Cherry to diecide the fairest way to determine tne champions. A rematch, two out of three oames, was the outDelts B Big T14E rFJbThA ALITd.AToR A.;. V dj l F n % LAto IL3 AIvK COP cup riaaa BY D" A-an Wagenen -mv~id Lietenant Morris Ahaeyne, Tampa, who received hi B.S. in 1985 from the Universit is on duty at South Plains Arm Flying Sehool, Lubimeok, Texa% whert, adv.ariee-I glider students are being trained. Lt. Charles Horne Brantlon Montclaim, N. J., has won h wings as a pilot in the Army A Force at Turner Field. Albat Georgia. Aviation C(adet Joseph A. Siii ollus, of Orlando, and a membe of Phi Delta Theta when he a tended the Uni-versity last yea ILS, mas seen t'tII*I.5t,,e-U Turner Field. The Universitv of Florida is wt represented at Maxwell Field the present time. with iftt't former Gatormen now ei iolle d More Gridders Service Bound; Eight Remain Match ii1. 19 i Lee Leads Tracksters In Easy Win Phi Delta Theta annexed 4 it5 sixth Consecutive 150-point intramiural cuip this year in winning the annual iti-an iral track ai field meet. Eugene Lee with E 12-point total led the Phi Delt in their win. Six points behind PDT with 2( puuiits was SAE. In third placE were the ATO's with 18 points. Individual performances in th neu't wertoff those of previous y'ai s, but ti-ami competition wa as keen as ever. Lee, who reCeived orders to report to Fort McPherson for induction just priot to thu meet. stayed on long enough to win first in the running broad jump and high jump. He was third in the shot put. Kelly Hennessev made his score of 96' 1' to win the discuss throw for the Phi Delts in his first heave. Loius Wodlinger proved the best hurdler, winning the 70-yard high hurdles for the SAE's in a time of 10.8 seconds. The results: 70-yard High Hurdles won by Wodlhnger (SAE). Time: 10:8 sw'. 220-yard Dash won by Corby (SAE). Time: 25 sees. 120-yard Low -Hurdle won by Dominick (ATO). Time: 16 sees. 100-yard Dash won by Simon (SPE). Time: 11.2 sees. 880-yard Relay won ky High Jump won by Lee (PDT). Distance: 5' 5". Standing Broad Jump won by Miller (SAE). Distance: 9' 7". Running Broad Jump won by Lee (P11T). Distance: 19'. l4iscsiss Throw won by lien-N nt's( PI)T). I)istance: 941' Shot Put won by lt.ait (SN). Distance: 392' Hlop, Skip, and Jump won by Carroll (l)TD). Distance: 26' 4". Sports Finais Held By All Engineers A pril 8 will see the start of preIi ii ita l sisports by engineers, St'n fiilsdof which will he played Off (in Fie'ld Day. Saturday. April WAR ('ontinned From Page Onme preserved as near intact as possible for the duration of the war." "The fact that 545 students turned out to vote shows that war has not killeil the Florida spirit." President of the Student Body Bill Corry said he was "verpleased, with the adoption of the Senate plan, describing it as "a workable plan for these uncertain times with the necessary centralization and flexibility which we need." On the amendment changing the necessary quorum of executive councilmen from two-thirds to a plurality to transact busines., Corry declared: "I feel this was a much-needed alteration. That part of the constitution was antiquated and hung the council if a two-thirds vote could not be obtained for' a meeting. It i the ruling i didn't seem fair when Robert's Rules of Order and all other rules or' order -manuals require only a majority." Cox Lands Student Spirit Speaking on the students' adoption of the new form of government. John (Cox, wvho as secretairv of interior stpervised thee ection, said: "It is my personal opinion that the passing of this amendment is simpla manifestation of the stulent's desites to maintain antI prpserve a student government threatened by wartime conditions. The plan ha.s had my whole-hearted Lyceum Council: Seminole, I page, $25.000. Publications Reserve: Seminoli, 1 page, $25.00. Seminole: Duplicating Depl films and post cards, $6.67: F oP <tore, office suppiles, S90: Li It I Bell, Transportation, $4.50 Ray Maguire transportation. $2.26. Special Fund: Seminole, 2 bagte. $50.00: Duplicating Dept., lettetheaids forHonor Cot. $1.92. SYmphony Orchestra: Seminole, I page, $25.00. Committee Reports. Chairmnian Chaplin of the Blool Bank committee reported, ain,] suiggested that the ma tter he (iroppe.dChairman Coppedge of the cirette salos committee reported that 200 flat 50's and 25 cartoons woIre sold. and that 675 packagf-s wer-e sent to so]dier's overseee with the complinients of the Universty of Flo-ida. Chairman Poulos of the Rod Cross Drive announcedl that the hrive would last from March 12 t, the 21st, ind suggested ways ti; reach non-fraternitY men. He anouinced that the goal si.t for th. University was $600.00. Old Business. Randolph Mathenand Rn v Pearson represented Florida Bil Rev at the me-<ting. and Iu-cl (lisi' Ssioii on the pro-po sedlci 01 endorsement all along." The present form of sttident government will he Continued until the enil of this semester. action for putting the senate plan into practice going into f-ffoct immediately thereafter. FLORAL SERVICE CORSAGES Place Orders now' for EASTER SUNDAY (April 25) or MOTHER'S DAY (May 9). Orders delivered locally or wired any place in the United States. Place orders for wired Flowe'rs at least five days in advance -Limited stock of Gardenias and Orchids on hand. Call or see us for pieces. J. J. BAILES, Agent 230 Fletcher Hall (Director of Residence Office) Telephone 8171 or 8172 'Tom ieh, Florida coach, ws one of the earl) arri'. alat the I -day ii".t itill.e held at MaXwell 1.ifeld tr p e d o director-, from college which receitly have been named preflight units for the army air corps. Barber Marries Gainesville Girl Taiees Finish PFP Tests And Make Records Army air copes students h hax e been uncfii tg 01-tu O uiy -al training dot ing the, pas t tirnth. completed their PFP tesis y this week with all the members t the University ci aching sttif y ~ crducting andi supervisirgm *t., exer'ises. The tests (uns sted of set-i1us'. i 1 l -ups, and a :0( yard shutT l ron. The high score the set-u 175w .G Onle nian completedi2: poll-ups. conintonly called chi t\ The fastest time in the shut mn was 46 second. i Haix' ("ostelbiloldt( I i Ii u~ ir students with a 90-point scoretof a pus ible 104) points t t lte r, thiee events. 3A eI Executive Councif Jotni 1 Bat h1-. imttmbu l Iof th, Rodeo Plans Set varsity football .'quit frt t three yat-,as nii i iht-ti May h ra-For Lively Show iut t, w ii iricd March 24to M iss I)illie ):iv is .(I G in esv ille. Nx ill a (lilti C-rentitinyk. Nick Kl Natex S ka, a t'ainitit i was best Tnto ie (Itple Gainesville. ,xwil resde in their pre-flight course at th ; Thi mn7, ttng was b ;y isid it Alabama training center. it 7 .0 Jvm. [y President Florida mten are Claude B. H aReptesentativt ('"ppdge n kinlS, Jacksonville; Ihobert Edga: inteoi to record the minlt es I) Hatch, Jr., Jacksonville: Carl t ;i5ti(bsence (t the S.citi,Hey, Jr., Everglades, Pi Kappi Tr iul Ti he ii ll w'ts heilel :ind Phi; Thoias C. Howell, TaminpH inwte a nd a e dRobert R. Caldwell: Rohert H The i and appt ivd. Dowd, Miami, Chi Phi pledge T li in qi(itiins \ It iii bhY Secretalry 01i' Finance F132! Philip Ray Fisher, Miami, Sign bi Sroantas Fnd Nu pledge: Richard L. Fletch. L. tow, and Passed onanimi .y: Orlando, Pi Kappa Alpha; BernAlligator-: Ed GI\afton, stlat ", ard C. Hunt, Homestead, Penn. -$9.00: Jim Craig, salary. $1So(' John D. Kicklighter, Sarasota, P: Phil Craig, commission, $46.75Kappa Phi: Conway D. Kittredge. Homer Hooks, salary, $22.5s; A Russ Mark Hulsey. salary, $12.5o: Orlando, JP Kappa Alpha: uerda Man's Store, present for depait-' B. Lingetr, Ji-., Fort Laudet-dali 50 William M. McCrorv, Jr., Jacking managmi g e it r, $.00 sonville, Phi Delta Theta; Edwarl Gainesville Daily Sun, printmn,. H. Parker, Blountstown, Delta $279.71: Homer Hooks, salary rtSigma Phi: and Charles W. ee, $3.50: d Lang. reimhurs Thomas, Zephyrhills. ment for Alligator expenses, $2.86: Aviation Cadet Paul T. HawkPhil Craig, salary reserve, $3.14: ins of Eustis is a third Florida Jim Robinson. salary rese-Ve, student recently conmmisaoned 9 $7.26. pilot at the AAF's Turner Field, 'Florida Un i on: Seminole, 2 Albany, (eorgia. pages. $50.00; Ideal Laundry. se vice, $10.39: Bookstore. stipplie.<. $.57: Fla. Power Corp., electric: I Handball Singles energy, $9.96: Duplicating Dept., Captured By A TO's scratch pads. $1.36. Captred y AT 's iAthletic Council: Stenunol I The ATOs yesterday won a prepage, $25.00. viously disputed match in handBand: Seminole, 1 page, $25.i0. ball doubles by defeating the Debate: Seminole, 1 p a g TEPs (21-11t, 121-15), a nd( 21$25.00. 18). Arthur Bookbinder anI Louis Gator Pep Club: Semin le, 1 Schott represented the TEP team. page. $25.00. Ham Hayes and Ted Salb played Glee Club: Seninole. 1 Pa1 for the ATOs. $25.00. >pp> int int -Ink i Dale w, as :ippintedI(l itpi esent the Scho.0 of Phaituaiv on the Executix Jxi ioippnintedto I b'JriIs nt'It t liti -ic l on the Pot,Thi-itmg ws aljourn-d ,it 9:26 v t hh, singtig if the alma Da spl'ctfiillv Stnuhmitted, I );n R ibtrts SI-c'y-Trea s. I' 4. It Takes laothWAR "S I AND TAZZ8 To Win Vkteu'y I'm going to getI 9 ESTER And I'm going to get them from that big, beautiful display at CHESNUT OFFICE EQUIPMENT C@. COMPLETE OFFICE OUTFITTERS Gainesville, Fla. PICTURE FRAMING -ARTISTS' SUPPLIES Ia JUST RECEIVED) nation Book Holsders-25c & $I. A NICE GIFT NC, APRTL 2, 1943 0 0 Coach Lipb PACE THRMk 64ron IN 4 CT/o# t t *i rack Meet 11n( y -n I I III fII w (-nt to till, conistit'l If )TI. wwh it -h .I k I II vidc ad-quAtINv I'm stilvnt o ovc 11111nwlt (lIIring the v rI en)('g(InC .U Tp a mii tion [y Representative GinfnIls. the runc l xiited uinan;mosyto acepl theaminrdnmvnt., lvlititv'.tol lii aniund the St-in1-it B(,dv C(JnstitIuti(On to re ad tiAt ill executive w ncil lusines:111:Ye -I ; with I a v(it q 0 a lniij it iit if d It nit mothers. The, m tin'' H s.-ss.u a im m Iy rs-p fes-inItat mI vtf A th y' m.ve I thtI a ci mlitt en lh apI tt ti trvestigat the ifintmat pribltm. The liltitt Jissel .ari the foiLvhb nd Ahthchttohan nwn, and 17. Extensive practices are being I I! [d y ithe various departments aInd c(ipetition is reported to be runni ng high. General College Engineers, combining with Industrials, are considered heavy fav, writes. in spite of the fact that the Civils have held the title for the past eleven years. General College engineers who have not yet contacted their group are urged to do so at once, as Field Day is held for them also. Tickets are now on sale for Field Da \ spectators. Field Day. held annually. consists of a picnic anl sporting events at Glen Springs, followed by a formal ball in the evening. ((nme of their consultations. Dianmondbal To Begin Greek diamiondball will begin next week, thegintramural department announce yesterday. Exact dav for starting was not announced, but it will be as soon as the fields are laid out. As in previous years a round t-ohin tournament will be held with each fraternity playing four gaies. Scoring will be figured on the nrimln't' of games won, with the %inner receiving 150 points. Announcement Monday afternoonwil be the deadline for independent entries in st(cer ,Atd track. If enough enties ate not in at that time, Ihi proposed tournaments might he cancellel. EVERYBODY BOWLS Gainesville Bowling Center 921 W. University Ave. -CUT FLOWERS SPRAYS WREATHS Expert Alterations& /Remodeling BEER'S TAILORS 421 .University Ave t I'I r Plans for this vent's edition of the Block and Bridle club rodeo and little international livestock show agoing ahead and will be 'omplettd for presentation to the students, air 'adets and townsm>edple in Florida Stadium April 10, it was announced last night. Charles Partin, in charge of the roundup, said that some thirty Ag students have chosen their animils for the show and have been working tlmi nto tshaipe to comp't"' orprizesffered in the class exhibits as well as for the grand championship. He added that highlights of the rtideo events will be the Brahma steet'rtridiig antl wild mule bustin'. This 'ear Warten Trotter and John Folks are last year's champioins bitt are being challenged bjy Bill Green, Lem Cunningham, C. W. Ha rhin. Horace Fulford and Charles Partin. The presentation this year will mark the twelfth consecutive showing of the annual show which began in 1931. nnri ti n i Platt, Horsey, Kaplan, Lee, Receive Orders iai t i I 'I i! I KAlt ltn, artd t-molS n ft hiu I t lul : i.t tur n li t hk-(w G tois t all. it all mttercollegiS It-athl t ; P i t b I5t:tti sc tn"t di I (unta .n. AI 1hiitiar ;il l'i, a re ea in h eo na I T 1k. p i.ILrIll Jiiintorecee calls fore tchen, I it~(I b tt\''s fow ftV sn In I A A pinil. g Ai n a nt t Iti ht Ire II n s t'h r n a-II i lt. I 1! 1 li t s 1114.th11114 1 tda giin I ll intIIci I l1 ie rin t :itIt the do rablue and lw)i.s in Jily. Eight studtents whiii' mght Ita ve hoc ri Ildl.,i n m 19 C:. art. till on tht, c ni1pus without I inst ruct ifIls that they will bc in the armed servicc before fai 1. H( ever, all ex pet t ( )rtl( i ve (-; I s before then. IL:ick 10 phlvyers 1n( w%*M ayvhe given as olne tit'thv reasons fvr F-'Ior id(a gI ving 11p all intercri!( (" ) e ipvtjtion forthe durnt on. I MMMEMB6g&-,&6gdL --.& A- 

PAGE 4

PAGE FOUR WASqnNGTON (ACP)Uncle Sam has propped the doors open for college graduates seeking profeaeional careers in government A ----of.Standards, the Weather Burea'r and the National Institute of Public Health. Base pay for trainees is $1,44 0. with overtime pay bringing the: total to U1,752. Cutting Classem According to a number of vocal Congressmen, workers in war ir-! dustry have taken the collegsport of class cutting and developed it into a hobby tha% threatens to cripple war produc-1 tion. Absenteeism in war plant-,the Congressmen would have youth believe, is largely wilful perveralty, chronic laziness or the tollN of weekend benders. Congressional indignation ha tended to obscure the few known facts about industrial absenteeism. The Labor department figures from reports by employes show the peacetime absentee rate was about 5 per cent and percentAge in war industry now is about 6 per cent.I Industrial man-days lost byC strikes in 1942 totaled 4,500,000. Industrial man-days lost from illness and accidents is estimated -t 450,000,000-exactly 100 times th''" amount caused by strikes. Greatest single cause of industrial absenteeism, the Labor department says, Is the coinion cold. And the cold cannot be legi lated out of existence. Incidentally, Labor Secretat y' Perkins appeared before a Ho'iste Appropriations subcommittee theother day to testify in favor of C $337,000 appropriation for abse.rtee-reduction work. The subcommittee t u r n e d thumbs down. Drama In Bonds College playwrights now ear'n give their talents a workout on the subject of the human drama behind a war bond purchase. The Treasury is running a playwright contest on that themeopen to any student of any college or university. Scripts will be judged by drama department heads, with the winning entry (fC each school going to Washington for a national runoff. Judges will be Margo Jones of the University of Texas, Mrs. Hallie Flanagan Davis ofSmitn college, Barrett H. Clark of the Dramatists Play service and Mrs. Henry Morgenthau. The competition cloes April 1 and national results will be announced May 15. Winning script will be, made available to no;icommercial theatre groups and the student authors will receive th, Treasury's specialaward of mel Lt Local observance .vill he hignilighted with a radio br adrast over WRUF, a P. K. Yonge school children's parade, w i t h PanAmerican flags, around the University's plaza of the Amerwas, and a recital of Latin-American music by Claude Murphree, Un-' versiy organist. Pan-Americanisn is still in .h embryonic stage, Martin declared.But someday, he concluded, the symbol of friendship existing h,tween two South American countries -the Christ of the Andes will mark the solidarity of Noi h and South Ametica. for distingpirished service to ti war savings program. Conti's The Peace Note The job of putting a war-grogy world back on its feet alrewa v getting seriris attention in friom 1U. S. college; A.s last time, the task will largely be in civilian hands, and qualified personnel will have a rare opportunity for vanable seivice. A recent survey showed at least 17 schools are offering tramoing for civilians expecting to dci post-war relief and rehabilitation work abroad. Thev include Harvard, Yale. Princeton, Minnesoti Smith. Oberlin, Columbia. Mie higan, NY1, Haverford, KenII. Barnard, Temple. MIT, Ioii. Vassar and Antioch. English 1, Prof. ti. L. Ickes Secretary of Interior Ickes is not one to swallow his irritation' i in private. If something annoy him, he lets people know abmit A year ago, for examniplc. he issii' a memo lecturing Inteirnor e::'ployes on the ise of the comma. A few months agi, he thruatint (I to fire stenogr apliers who waste paper. Now he's tracked CIOtwn 0n a favorite Washngton word diric tive. He r ecenItly saw a d Jcumni c1t using the r41ensrve word I f, times. he sa:d. H, 'A antcd ni nl of it. What he didn't sav. howeVt: was that the noisome doiumnt announced swelprng power s the fish production phase (if food program ha-i been t lii. over to Ha'J1d L. kes. IT TAKES BOTH War Bonds aland Taxes TO WI This War geant and his sweetheart, he resolves to lead his three remaining men back to their' base despite little ammunition, food, and water. "Two Weeks.To Live," comning to the Florida Tuesday and Wednesday, conerns the lives of those two radio favorites, Luin and Abner, who this time try their hands at being comedians. This new roll o a well-known rmi pai r. ci tainly takes them out of their usual rural setting. Their new experience takes place in Chicago where they find that some stock they have been selling to people in Pine Ridge is worthless. A mixup in a doctor's office results in a report that Abner has only two weeks to live and, in an effort to earn money to pay back their neighbors, he volunteers for risky work at high pay. A series of scenes ranging from airplane flights to haunted houses is followed b' a formal ending. Don Ameche, Janet Blair, and Jack Oakie combine their talents in another new musical, "Something to Shout About," whkth will be shown at the Florida Thursday through -Saturday of next week. Plenty of songs, dances. and laughs fill this well-rounded musical. Janet Bair, a newcomer to the screen, does most of the singing and dancing. Hazel Scott with her swing numbers on the piano, is another star who appears quite a bit in the spotlight. Other notables appearing in the mn'vie are the Bricklayers. canine comedy troupe; Jaye Martin. radio singer; David Lichine, Russian ballet star: and William Gaxton. the Broadway musical comedy star. On top of all the top-flight entertainers appearing in the picture. six Cole Porter song YDWfR CAN FRIDAY MORNING, APRIL 2, THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR Opera Star Sings Hanna To Speak Next Friday Night To Hillel Group Josephine Antoine, Metropolitan opera star, will be presented by .Dr. Paul L. Hanna. author of the Gainesville Music Association the widely read book, "British at P. K. Yonge School a weec Policy in Palestine." will act as from tonight, April 9. moderator Sunday afternoon for a Miss Antoine, who had her discussion at the Hillel Foundastart in 1941 and became famous tion, seventh and university, on in 1942, is expected to present a a titled subject of "Palestine Afbrilliant performance, if her past ter the War."successes can be regarded as any In announcing the moderator indication. and topic for the bi-weekly discusAt her appearances in Nexv sion rt the Hillel House, Walter York, Washington, Chicago, San Amster, chairman. said civilian Francisco, and Toronto she was students, officer candidates, and acclaimed by all the critics fur air corps students are invited t"o her clear and flexible voice, participate in the extemporaneous Students, s e r v i c e m e n, and discussion which will begin at I townspeople are invited to attend. p. m. It will be followed by refreshments and a special religious Az Club Shown service. Livestock Films Members of the Ag Club were shown' two films, "The Farm Front" and "Spring Pasturing of Livestock," at their meeting last Monday night, President John Campbell announced yesterday. Both films emphasized the im-portance of the farmer in the present war. Plans for an outing for Ag club members were discussed at the: business meeting following the service. In an unprecedented announcement, the Civil Service Commission reported it will accept a'pplications for positions as junior pro-f fessional assistants as rapidly as recent college graduates and co.lege seniors can fill them out. "Junior professional assistant" is the civil service term for the beginning grade of professional service, a grade requiring training but not experience. Base salaries Thirty-our days were spent on the open sea in a rubber boat by three at the junior professional assistU. S. Navy men, Harold F. Dixon, Gene Aldrich, and Anthony Pastula. ant level are $2,000, but wartime After enduring torturous days under the blazing sun, and freezing overtime pay for the 48-hour week nights, these American heroes were finally rescued. In effect, they brings actual compensation t') were kept afloat by a WAR BOND. We need lots of these rubber boats, so buy as many War Bonds as you $2,433 a year. can. You've done your bit; now do your best! Here are the precedent-shattering provisions of the commission'sU.S.Troasum Dw. announcement: .-No time limit is set for receipt of applications. 2.-Examination& will be heldF PeUiOdlcSllY a. the appUICatiOub Continued From Page Two come i. $.-eniors may file applicatiesi whm they are a semester to a second .weai)on, our shoulder tanks, from which a or two quarters from graduapencil sized jet of water could be pumped onto the flames. i tion and receive provisional apWith a crackling hiss the fire slowly retreated leavingI pointaneits before graduation if snmouldering remains. As would its humble relation the' they are successful on the test. earthworm, this unearthly serpent survived being cut into War is responsible for this untwo parts. Beginning at the break in the fire line', we con-' usual opportunity for collegecentrated our efforts on one of the divided enemy's four, trained persons. ends. "Anyone who has completed or Victory -Man Over Flame is aoutto complete a full 4-ye. r I oureiseligible to tak4er Tired backs and heavy water tanks, sweaty faces and college course is eligible to takek the teat," Civil Service officials pine bough beatelrs, smoke-choked throats and rubber flap-' say. "But women are especially pers -from these the flame retreated leaving a trail of urged to apply particularly those burning trunks. The wind came out of a different direction' with studies in public administracausing the fire serpent to lean away from its prey in tion, business administration, ec> order to breathe. The fire had been running ahead of us: nomics, economic geography, 1'as we extingbished it from the rear; but now a swamp brary science, history, public we!held it at bay. Slowly our minute streams of water anpufare, statistics, mathematics ani tated bits of the confflagrationl small enough for the beatagriculture. erstogrind into ashes. T"ere are other new job openAs the fire decrease-d so did 01.' souri'ce of light. Blackwithout college degrees-opponess 6f the dead forest mingled with the night; nothing, tunities for being paid to learn sulri''ed but snmouldering logs and stumps, fragments of, mechanical and scientific techthe destruction. niques. T he government is accepting a.a plicatlona for tralneees in techni-AM R CFL KE egve t ne cpteAM ERICA FLICKER cal and scientific aide from per-! sons who have had at least one Continued From Page One Continued From Page Two unit of high school physics, chemiity, aghemic bhyiolog orm ago-will this year recognize tre 1to assume leadership of the pa-1 Istry, _mathematics, biology or r general science. Those passing co-operation Latin-American ntrol. the tests will be assigned to tons have shown the United He has avoided responsibility Washington laboratories of such; States in World War I all his life, but when spurred agencies as the National Bureaui Radio Broadcat on by the memory of the serRadio Broadcant ni---w --A 1rL, rDr. Hanna is noted for his non-, bias and consideration and interpretation of recent Palestine history. His book was written without a pro-Arab or pro-Zionist viewpoint. Much of his material was gathered at the noted Hoover Library on War, Revolution. and Peace, founded by Herbert Hoover during the first World War. In the summer of 1939 he was a research assistant at the library which is located in Stanford University. In 1938-39 Dr. Hanna held thi' Abraham Rosenberg Research Fellowship in Histor" at Stanford. Since 1939 he has been an irstruetor in the University s General College. Hillel To Hold Passover Seder The University's Hillel Foundation will hold its annual Passo ver Seder on April 19, first night of being symphonic in nature and e tis year wiaa bn ondu'rvscale, will be the main attraction. ance this year'xill he comrrue The program is as follows: along traditional lines with the Sonata in D, Galuppi; Presto in meal itself kosher. B-Flat, Bach; Toccata, Krebs; Seder chairman. Bernie Um-U. Trio Sonata in C Major, Bach: has asked that civilian students. Scherzo, H a y d n; Holsworthv army air corps students, and ofCherz B syficer candidates desiring to attend Cesubmit their names to either hirn All students and servicemen 'irr or his committee which is cmornhsicmmiteewhicaistinnd. invited to attend. posed of Irving Getzuig. DuddV Singer, and Herbie Feinberg, or to Rabbi Amram Prero at the FounNAIVY -dation. This is necessary because Continued From rage One attendance will be limited to thimise making reservations in advance uniforms. Those V-1 students who of the Seder. fail the tests at the end of their Urman said early indications sophomore year will be ordered' point to thelarg-est attedaimae' it to general enlisted service duty in the Seder in the history of the the Navy. Florida Hillel Foundation. He cxI pects a minimum of 150. "College students presently enrolled in the V-5 program may complete their current college year before being called to active duty for flight training. Selected high school graduates, enrolled in the V-5 program, will be sent to college for two terms as apprentice seamen on active duty in uniform with pay before being assigned to aviation training. The TECO'Ring "Present V-7 students who have Cnecto rnd more than one term to complete the load o apread for 'a degree will be placed on ber joint over prac. active duty and ordered to coltically the entire leges under contracts to the Navy cross section of the on the sane date a V-12 student%. the fu .structural Those V-7 students who have one strength of lumber term or less to complete for a de-io play. gree may remain on inactive duty in the college they have been attending and finish their courses, or they may request active duty and assignment to a college, not necessarily the one they have been attending, to c o m pl1e t e their i studies." Term Defined According to an interpretation of V-7 status by the University Armed Service representative. I. S. Johnson, and verified by the naval representative of the fourth service command, the word "term" as used above means semester as applied to the University. This means that the only -tudents who will be allowed to remain in college to finish their courses will be those who will Le able to graduate by February, 1944. Attendance at summer school is optional as long as the student receives his degree at the prescribed time. hits are thrown in for good measure. The titles of the songs are, "Something to Shout About", "You'd Be So Nice To Come Home To", "Lotus Bloom", "Hasta Luego". and "Through Thick and Thin." Fletcher P Used By OCS Offices IHer'man Lewis president if Beta teriiity at its last rig. Wxcs ielectcd Theta Pi fra regular meet)ther offices elected were Bill Lewis. vict--president; Gene SeI Irig. secretary: Billy Giddens, treasurer" Budd Harison, stewardI'o'ge Cittlet, sergeant-atarm-iis: a'1imI Morgan Richards, house rianager. Men In All Walks Of Life Award 27 University Honorary Degrees Offices of the academic departIent of the OCS have been moved from the second floor of Science Hall to Fletcher P, about thirty kofficer!s now having their oftices In the dorm. Also moved to Fletcher P is tile training aids department, tion the baisenent of Flu ida U ion. A librarv iin military in form a tion for officer candid ate9 will he housed in the l office room in Science Hail. Volunteers Needed For Fire Protection I'll United States l'uincst Sevee and the Forestry i of the Department of Interiar need young rimen for firie protection and other work in the Far West beginning about June 1. Students interested in applying for these positions should contaAt Professor R. H. Westveld, -10.1 Horticulture Building. Applicants should be at least 16 veal's of age and able to dc. lrd physical wor k. Rate of pay us $100 per month plus board and lodging. A large g r)up ot University s-tudents woi ked on similar jobs ill the Northwest last summer an,] port that the work is invigora mig. Students made the trip west t' s. the couitty, get into good physical condition, and earn honey to return to school. Tnie studen's lived il lcrud". pioneer conditions in the great American outdoors and worked iii the mountainous regions, climbing uiles of hills during the sum mem'. With thle armed services taking their toll, it is doubtful that there will be many students who will be able to take advantage of the er~por tunity to work in the West this ym. BLut those whm can are qursted t see3. Mr. Westfeld. Betas Elect Lewis Prexy ci1 F' Ia kma it r i r presi* Rollins ('m'. Majorie Ra''lmi i'r ~and wi the 0. 'nri memorial the lPuhtztr t' ". andi a;i ti 11in 'ivhonorary frnmi th. I a r',isity. lDr C n 1 'lnIadj, of Clora St t.(lege fot (.1 firo II l 9 r 191 ; p): f rinerr' Jsta the prem'(m I IWilliam r fll, trm ent of t vel s)y 'I >t :Carohn& M' agreesa wer"or of 4W4 several DlS Ii)')(t.,i of Ch mistrt ve and dig reis m i tnng the 27 (.i since th.' r t degree W ,i to Dr Sb'd MW Hold Banqu,' Friday, April 19 By Morton Freedni'n ''Rich nian. poor man.Indian chief." Add a few cc upations and subtract a few. and yon have an idea of the variety of nien who have been awarded honorary degrees by the Universit of Florida. Twenty-seven men have been so honored, according to a recent report by R SJohnson, University registrar. Amnong them are a fornier U. S. Senator, a worldfamous ec' ionist, an eminent American statesnian who was. a Democratic candidate for the presideney, a former governor of Florida, a Cuban ambassador, a brigadier-general. a newspaper editor, and men from niany other walks of life. Bryan Awarded \\illiam Jennings Bryan, the statesman, orator, and presidential candidate, is at the top of the list of well-known men who have received honorary degrees fronthe University. Bryan frequentl% made talks oil tthe cam pus and was instrumental in establishment of the Florida Union. His honorary degree was conferred on May 29, 1923. First honorary degree was coned to ferret by this institution on Anspring drew Sledd, first president, when throug his term expired in 1909. A dorwith t mitory on the campus bears Dr. is hos Sledd's name. Latest awards were for men made last summer when Willis M. the ban Ball. editor of the Florida Times.i. tot Union since 1902, and Albert H. (,f the Blanding. first World War soldier the sta and a former member of the FlorChar ida Board of Control, were hontarix o ored. the vac Raymond Robbins. lecturer and er, wh world traveler, is the only perThe v son to whom a degree was given Weathe off the campus. In 1941, Dr. John tive, al J. Tigert. 'president of the Unibe fill versity. an(l other members of the v'nirg staff conferred the degree at his borne. Chinsegrit Hill, near Brooksvter Others Honored Others who have received lhonorary (egrees includle: Senor Crestes Ferrara, ambassador extraordinary from Cuba, 1926 to 1930; Roger W. Babson, statistician and economist and head of the Babson Institute: Nathan P. Br'an, U. S. Senator from Florida and later federal district judge at New Orleans. Doyle E. Carlton, former goverrnor of Florida: Dr. William F. The War Production Board has announced that "such a structure couli not have been built of wood by ordinary methods without the use of timber connectors ..The steel rinq timber connector, which is used to incre"s" the strength of joins in wood conSiructiOn. saved more than 400.000 tons of sosel far essential war production in 1942." WPBrcidded that 2.050 tons of structural steel wil be saved in this hangar alone. ual hanquet of the It Uin will be held p. in. II the First (41Ginesville' enberg. president c annotunced yesterday; rmlittees have been prepare for the retreat to be held h May 2. on the he University BSU ts. Purpose of the, ly held at Camp (y nks of the Santa Fe train iriwly elected BSU chapters th ate. Hie Ford was elected u f the local council canc v created by Ed ho was called to the acan created by erly. magazine repa so called by the EMR4 ed next week, Pres, 8A Aitetation, .1 11 Al FACULTY & -STUDENTS Camp Counselors wanted fl private boys' camp in Carolina, June 20-August References. D. Meade Bernad 2230 Post Street, Jacksonville, FLa. Wrte today for our FREE leferen for eninewrs and architects Whe0 "Typal Designs of Timber StrucM Watch Crystal Broken? We carry a complete stock of round and odd shapes in glass watch crystals in regular and durex thickness. 50c 75c $1.00 For prompt service bring your watch to COLES EWELEES 423 W. University Ave, TIMBER ENGINEERING COMPANY A,,ONAL, ,ANFAC,RES OF TCO TMBER CONNECTORS AND ToOLS WAS*INTOTN, S. C. PORTLAND. 6age. showing of the films. Murphree, Offers Frank Recital Music by Cesar Franck will feature Claude Murphree's Sunday organ recital in the University auditorium. Frank's "Grand" Piece Symphonique," which i. one of the most important works of modern times for the organ, annitinied. Anin Student 16 at ( Church Spa ng BSU, Comn 
