
PAGE 1

Not officially associated with the University the independent florida iga4to of Florida Published by Campus communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida W0 Infnrm Vnu Decride VOLUME 99 ISSUE 128 MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 LAST DANCE. UF VS. UCLA Gators to face Bruins for title By LOUIS ANASTASIS Alligator Staff Writer lanastasis@alligator.org INDIANAPOLIS -And now your Final Four public service announcement courtesy of Adrian Moss. "Don't riot. Don't get arrested over this," the forward said. "You've got school the next day and you're going to give a great town a bad rap." Moss is planning on an NCAA Championship tonight, and he wants UF students to abstain from flipping cars if the Gators defeat the Bruins. Witness the transformation. You have UF, flirting among the ranks of the underrated, tiptoeing among teams like Alabama State before the start of the conference schedule. You have the Gators making the NCAA Tournament instead of the National Invitation Tournament. You have Corey Brewer crashing Cinderella's ball, taking George Mason's slippers and throwing them out of the Final Four carriage. The Gators are angry. UCLA will stand between them and history. UF and the Bruins will square off in the title game tonight at 9:21. "We really feel like we haven't gotten any respect all year -ever," point guard Taurean Green said. "We've been underdogs all year with something to prove. We just have to go out and get it done." Much of America is bitter about this bunch. For starters, the Gators ruined New York Times bestseller material when they smashed George Mason's pumpkin. "Oh man, I was so tired of all the Cinderella talk," forward Al Horford said. "The bottom line was we had to come out and win this game." And the next opponent, a heavyweight of the '60s and '70s, in the same corner with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Bill Walton and John Wooden, is UCLA. Kristin Nichols/ Alligator Staff Sophomore Corey Brewer cheers as UF defeats George Mason in Indianapolis on Saturday. The Gators will face UCLA tonight in the national championship game. The tradition talk here has saturated every corner of the RCA Dome. Experts say it should help the Bruins pull off the victory. Objecting in the court of NCAA banter is UF center Joakim Noah, whose philosophical talk has taken on new heights since the Gators arrived in Indianapolis. "History doesn't help you win SEE NCAA, PAGE 5 Victory leads to dancing in streets By LYNDSEY LEWIS Alligator Staff Writer liewis@aligator.org You might have mistaken it for the second coming of Steve Spurrier. Throngs of sports fans packed every last inch of Gator City, one of the popular bars facing the UF campus from University Avenue. Toward the rear of the bar, sweating employees poured drink after drink as blissfully intoxicated patrons bellowed at the dozen or so televisions dotting the room. "I said, 'It's great! To be! A Flo-ri-da Ga-tor!"' they chanted. UP may have gained its renown as a football school, but you wouldn't have known it Saturday night. As revelers crowded the watering holes of University Avenue, the spotlight shone solely on Gators. basketball and its run through the Final Four. Seconds after the Gators forced the George Mason Patriots' fairy tale to a conclusion, the packed house at Gator City broke into a deafening rendition of Queen's victory anthem, "We Are The Champions." Midnight had finally struck for Cinderella, and the Gators fans were more than willing to kick off their alcohol-fueled ball. "It's been like this since 3," said Danny Hughes, a Gator City bartender struggling to keep up with patrons' insatiable demand for alcohol. Though the cramped house had been reduced to standing room only, most of the ecstatic revelers didn't seem to mind the inconvenience. "Gator games are better than sex itself," pointed out Travis Byrd, a UF student relegated to standing in the bar's cramped aisles. Minutes after the game concluded, swarms of manic fans poured out of the bars and onto University Avenue, where they formed an ocean SEE BARS, PAGE 8 Watch the NCAA Championship at the O'Connell Center can begin ing up at Gate 3 ef the O'Dome while the general public allowed in at; Doors open at There will be no T Concessions will 8 p.m. for the 9:21 reserved seating screen be p a tipoff, but no onej except in the Rowdy size is first1000 Row y' will be let in after Reptiles' section for 22.5 Reptiles w i the second halt students entering Gate feet x b~igins. '3 with l~lirw A6 J4t4akhl ilIi Jennifer LaBrie / Alligator Staff "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" 1 An Alachua County judge overturned his previous ruling that the UF Board of Trustees has final authority over the university's last remaining co-op, the Collegiate Living Organization, on Friday. See story, pg. 5. FORECAST 2 OPINIONS 6 CLASSIFIEDS 9 t/f CROSSWORD 14 Sunny SPORTS 16 87/59 visit www.alligator.org _7 I E Joakim Noah's grandfather, Zacharie, has ties to a pair of UCLA players. Freshmen Luc Richard Mbah a Moute and Alfred Aboya played on Zacharie's ranch in Cameroon. See story, pg. 16. 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR N MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 News Today LOCAL Woman jumps to her death at College Manor Apartments Roads were closed near campus after a woman jumped to her death early Saturday morning. The woman jumped from the fourth story of College Manor Apartments, at 1225 SW Second Ave., around 4:45 a.m., said Gainesville Police Sgt. Keith Kameg. The woman, 48, died at the scene and was not a university student, Kameg said. By 5 a.m., the street in front of the apartment building, which is about two blocks east of campus, was crowded with 12 police cars, two ambulances and a forensics unit. The vehicles blocked the driveway of College Manor and the westbound side of Southwest Second Avenue. Police are still investigating the case, Kameg said. College Manor representative Brandon Pohn said that while most residents at the apartment building are students, some nonstudents live there as well. Pohn said he didn't know much about the incident but said residents had been coming into his office Saturday afternoon to ask about the commotion caused by all the emergency vehicles. UF student Darcy Fawcett, who lives on the fourth floor of College Manor, said noises from the street woke her up. Fawcett said she saw a team of paramedics and police officers crowded around the street below her next-door neighbor's window. -DOMINICK E. TAO Premature babies need hope, ,love an&d March of Dimes, WalkAmerica wlk for Someone )ou love-. Sign up today! walkamerica.o rg I .800.5 25.WALK "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content 4 Available from Commercial News Providers" WHAT'S HAPPENING Carnival on the Lawn Reitz Union North Lawn 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. The opening event for Pride Awareness Month will 'include a bounce house and other carnival-type games. Fearless Project Art Exhibit Reitz Union, second floor lobby, 4 p.m. Opening -ceremony for the Fearless photography project depicting openly gay, lesbian and bisexual individuals identified on high school and collegiate sports teams. Philosophy Department Colloquium Series Philosophy Library, 303 Griffin-Floyd Hall, 4 p.m. The Philosophy Department Colloquium Series presents "Context and Quotation" with guest speaker professor Ernest Lepore from Rutgers University. The Alligator strives to be accurate aid, clear in its news reports and editorials. If you find an error, please call our, newsroom at (352) 376-4458 or send-an -mail to editor@alligator.org. Salty Dog cfe-e ya .r i e. Saloon * Mode He r 0-, J,, odaps and Spa 25 W Uni-ersity Ave Phoh/Fax: (888) 379-4849 k= U Alachua Now Hiring Cooks, Servers and Kitchen Help 16135 NW US Hywy 441 Apply in person 2PM-4PM Next to Hangry Howie's Gainesville 4860 NW 39th Ave Magnolia Park Plaza Jonesville 14209 W Newberry Rd 41k Across from Pablix a the independent florida atlgator VOLUME 99 ISSUE [8ISSN 0889-2423 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Emily Yehle, eyehle@alligator.org Managing Editor/ Print Bridget Carey, bcarey@alligator.org Managing Editor/ New Media Gwen Heimburg, gheimburg@alligator.org University Editor Warren Kagarise,wkagarise@alligator.org Metro Editor Jessica Riffel, jriffe@alligator.org Special Projects Editor Neil Hughes, nhughes@alligator.org Assignments Editor Stephanie Garry, smgarry@alligator.org Opinions Editor Tom Durrenberger, tdurrenberger@alligator.org Sports Editor Bryan App, bapp@alligator.org Sports Assistant Editor Nick Zaccardi, nzaccardi@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor Spencer Davis-VanNess, sdvanness@alligator.org Editorial Board Emily Yehle, Bridget Carey, Tom Durrenberger Photo Editor Casey Anderson, canderson@alligator.org Assistant Photo Editor Andrea Morales, amorales@alligator.org Photo Staff Andy Apicella, Tim Hussin the Avenue Editor Natasha Weinstein, nweinstein@eiligutor.org the Avenue Assistant Editor Karolena Bieleckli Graphics Chief MichelleStewart, mstewart@alligator.org Graphics Jennifer LaBrie Copy Desk Chiefs Josh Armstrong, Ashton Grosz Kevin Mahadeo, Jen Zei Copy Editors Amanda Brown, Juliana Casale, Jaci Charney-Perez, Erin Chenderlin, Jennifer Freihofer, Jonathan Hill, Elizabeth Holman, Jennifer Klee, Kat Laskowski, Jesse Mogle, Jenn Pfaff, Beth Romanik, Brittany Schlorff, Lauren Sheppard, Christina Simak New Media Assistant Editor Brett Roegiers Staff Louis Anastasis, Christine Cusatis, Dan Treat DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482,800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Marianne Cooper, mcooper@alligator.org Advertising Office Assistants Sara Henry, Sarah Buckwald, Miran Bobadilla Sales Representatives Whitney Lawson, Ana Paula De Lima, Laura Gerszewski, Lindsey Kuhn, Morgan Morillo, Natalie Kent, Carrie Keller, Adrian Marshall, Jennifer Armstrong Sales Development/Intern Coordinator William Cuadra CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015 (Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@ailigator.org Classified Clerks Erin Yepis, Dan Cribb, Samantha Wright, Cassia Sookhoo CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckeernan@alligator.org Operations Assistant Clint Day BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Pelham, rpelham@alligator.org Accounts Receivable Supervisor Sharin Sexton Bookkeeper Deborah Myers Student Accounting Clerks Chris Brink, Brent Lowman, Greg Sellick ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org Assistant General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligatororg Administrative Manager LorenaCrowley, Catherine McNamara Allison Sinclair Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, Imcgowan@alligatororg PRODUCTION/SYSTEMS Production/Systems Manager Vern Bean, vbean@alligator.org Assistant Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator.org Editorial Production Supervisor Amy Oglesby Advertising Production Staff Kate Barnes, Alicia Bennatts, Ben Hofer, Maggie Peuler, Michelle Stewart, Erin Swartz Editorial Production Staff Billy Bender, James Hibbs, Andy Lewis, Didi Williamson The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc., P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1106 W. University Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Mondaythrough Friday, except for holidays. Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. @ Copyright 2005. All rights reserved. No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications-Inc. 

PAGE 3

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 U ALLIGATOR, 3 ON CAMPUS Dance Marathon raises almost $340,000 for charity By MELISSA SMILES Alligator Contributing Writer They danced like no one was watching and put pulling an allnighter to shame. Wearing bright T-shirts and marathon-runner identification numbers on their backs, 594 dancers stayed awake and on their feet for 32 hours at the 12th annual Dance Marathon at the Stephen C. O'Connell Center. The event raised $339,372 and awareness for Children's Miracle Network, which works with Shands Children's Hospital at UF. About 600 student volunteers also took shifts to help. Green, foam alligator hats filled the gym, and popular UF cheers were chanted when dancers stood to watch the Gators win the basketball game on a large screen. "We're in the O'Dome, and there is no better place to watch the Final Four than to be on-site where the Gators play," said Mike Kampel, a biological engineering sophomore. "Well, unless you're in Indianapolis." Brightly colored posters of encouragement covered the walls, beach balls bounced on top of the crowd, and jump -ropes, board games and coloring books became the most valuable currency. Organizers also provided a study station for those who needed to study for upcoming quizzes and tests. Jonathan Shacter, a business senior, and Richard Shane, a manageAt Dance Marathon on Saturday, Drew Schwartz and Rachel Eichenbaum keep moving during a commercial of the Gators' Final Four basketball game, which participants watched on television during the marathon. ment and criminology senior, have participated in Dance Marathon for four years. "My first year doing Dance Marathon, Richard and I agreed that we would do it every year," Shacter said. "It's kind of exciting that we've managed to do it." Their favorite part of Dance Marathon was periodically learning a 5-minute choreographed dance. Finance sophomore Ivan Llanos said many students grew tired during the event and devised ways to get off their feet, which is forbidden. "I went to grab a volleyball that rolled under the stage, and a hand came out of nowhere and handed it back to me," Llanos said. "I looked, and there were a couple of people sitting under there." Llanos said people also sat in bathroom stalls to avoid standingFriends from the outside brought gift baskets for encouragement, but latex items, caffeine products and visible watches were prohibited. Caffeine negatively impacts energy levels and watches distract the dancers, said Public Relations Captain Kate Storey. Latex is a health hazard to the Miracle Children. More than 30 UF organizations were involved this year, said Overall Public Relations Chairwoman Emily Kiser. Organizations were paired, -and this year, the Miracle Cup was awarded to Chi Omega Sorority and Kappa Sigma Fraternity, the pair that raised the most money and had the most Spirit Points. Quitting greatly diminishes a team's chance to win the Miracle Cup, but dancers rarely quit, Kiser said. No dancers quit this year. This year, 27 families and 31 Miracle Children from all over Florida attended the event. The dancers sat on the floor to reserve energy during most of the introductions at the opening ceremonies, but they eagerly jumped to their feet to applaud the Miracle Families as they entered the O'Connell Center. Last year, the event raised nearly $320,000, and it has raised $1.6 million in the past 11 years. Children's Miracle Network Dance Marathon Adviser Annie Morton said most of the money is raised before the actual event, and the network does not set goals for it. Money was raised through pre-events, student-organization activities and the Letter Writing Campaign, where students sent letters to friends and family and asked for sponsorship donations. Students needed to raise $250 to become dance participants. Students must pay more for football season tickets STUDENT SEASON TICKETS FOR THE FALL WILL COST $70. By LINDSEY FRANCO Alligator Writer Ifrancocamligator.org Loyal Gators fans will have to shell out a bit more cash this football season. The price of season football tickets is $70 -a $28 increase from last season's cally below the norm," Holloway said. $42 price, according to the 2006 Football "We just brought it up to the average." Season Ticket brochure. He said he did not The University Athletic Association have the facts and figraised the price after analyzing the season ures of the survey on football ticket prices of other universities, hand because he was said Bill Holloway, the assistant athletics I ets in Indianapolis for the director for ticket operations at UAA. NCAA men's basketball "We did a survey nationwide -for championship game. schools and realized that we were drastiThe Gators will play UCLA for the championship game tonight. Holloway said the UAA Finance Committee's board of directors approved the price increase March 7. Students can register for the season ticket lottery April 10 at 6 p.m. by calling the G.A.T.O.R.S. phone system at (352) 384-3262. .The UAA will notify lottery winners April 28 by e-mail. You may qualify to participate in a Phase 1 (single dose) clinical research trial of an investigational drug being developed for possible use in diabetes. The study involves 4 out-patient visits and participants will be compensated for their time. For further details please contact: Karen Brezmer Clinical Trial Coordinator Endocrine division University of Florida Tel: (352) 846 2234 breznka@medicine.ufl.edu DO NOT apply if you have diabetes. Celebrate ie in dependent Florid Alliga or .100th Anniv.'r ry.Publiccion Published Fri-day. Ociober 20, 2006 SAVE 1P T30)% 30 % u ~ ~ ~ ~ : fo -mF .<.:. uew ecica -a Attention Pre-Health Students College of Medicine Electives for Pre-Health Undergrads 3 Credit, 100% Web-based Online Courses for Fall/Spring/Summer C Register on ISIS under "Medicine-General" See http://ww.psychiatrv.ufl.edu/courses for details & syllabi MEL 4011Introduction to the Professions of Medicine -Overview of US healthcare & different MD careers -A chance to become a Teaching Assistant MEL 4012Physician Shadowing -Prerequisite of MEL4011 required, competitive application process for enrollment -A chance to shadow physicians in area clinics MEL 4601Diseases of Eating -Lessons on anorexia, bulimia and obesity with emphasis on societal influences MEL 4005Medicine and the Law -New for 2006! (Summer B / Fall only) -Law and its impact on medicine in the United States Email: MEL4011, ME L4012, MEL4601, or MEL4005 @grove.ufl.edu .1 I 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR M MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 Be aP Informing thle 1906 11 -r 1f56 1915 1961 -e TRGEDY JOLTS NATION F coi UF h ing 4? 118 Katherine Kostreva / Alligator The Harry S. Truman Foundation has selected UF students Bruce Haupt and Ashley Bittner to receive its 2006 scholarship. Two students win high honors E THE TRUMAN SCHOLARS EXCEL IN PUBLIC SERVICE. By KIM FULSCHER Alligator Contributing Writer Odds are that two UF students would not win the same national award in the same year. But for juniors Ashley Bityner anti Bruce Haupt, the odds were wrong. Both students were selected by the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation 'as recipients for its 2006 national scholarship, which is geared toward students preparing for leadership in public service. The winners received $30,000 for graduate school in a public service field. It was early March, when Bluter and Haupt traveled to Atlanta to interview for the award, that they first suspected they both might win. "At one point on the drive, I turned to Ashley and said, 'Wouldn't it be weird if we both won?"' Haupt said. "I don't think either of us expected this. It's an incredible honor." Haupt and Bittner are two of 75 college students selected nationwide for the award from a pool of 598 nominated candidates who demonstrated interest in government policy and public service. In May, the winners will attend the Truman Scholars Leadership Week in Liberty, Mo., and will focus on public issues through group projects and presentations. The summer after the winners graduate, they have the option to attend the Summer Institute in Washington, D.C., to intern at agencies of their interest. "I think that it's going to be great to work with the people like Bruce," Bittner said. "It's a wonderful opportunity to get to pursue your dream to do public service. It is very rewarding, and I'm very excited." Bittner, a political science and history major, also minors in economics and environmental studies. She focused on oil drilling in the eastern part of Gulf of Mexico for her public policy proposal, reflecting her passion for sustainable development issues. Born and raised in Naples, she said her love for the beach led to her connection with ocean-related issues. "Our Truman scholarshippolicies were something we were invested in, something that mattered to us," Bittner said about the papers they wrote to receive the scholarships. "I spent my Student childhood going to the beach, traveling to the Keys and fishing, su it's something that's really important to me to protect the environments When Bitiner is unable to get to the beach, she said she loves spending time outdoors with friends, whom she describes as her sources for motivation and encouragement. Bitter said she also enjoys visiting Deja Brew Caf6, which serves organic Fair Trade coffee, the only type she will drink. "I'm a big coffee buff. That's one of the things that led me to volunteer in Costa Rica over Spring Break at a coffee farm," said Bittner, who volunteered as a Florida Alternative Breaks site leader this Spring Break. "I was interested in the trip because it coupled my academic interests of sustainable development with a personal interest." Like Bittner, Haupt is a political science major. A native of Merritt Island, Fla., Haupt transferred to UF from Brevard Community College with an associate of arts degree in 2004. His community college background and concern for fellow transfer students was his unique trait in the application process, he said. "Community college is my passion, my story and where I come from," said Haupt, who dropped out of high school and started community college after a three-year hiatus. "I guess that was intriguing. I'm interested in community college, and who -else is? "Community colleges aren't sexy," he added. Haupt's proposal focused on altering the Florida Bright Futures Scholarship program so more students may receive financial aid to attend community college on a need basis. Both Bittner and Haupt agree that UF prepared them for the detailed application process. The process included a 16-section application and an intense interview that has been known to leave some candidates crying in the past, Haupt said. "You pretty much have to have your life figured out to fill out the application, which is kind of nuts," Haupt said, adding that he's learned and grown through the process. "It's just that indepth of an application process." Both Bittner and Haupt named Sheila Dickison, the director of the Honors Program, and professors Fiona Barnes and Kellie Roberts as sources of motivation. They said they provided a lot of help in the editing process and provided many mock interviews. Bittner advised fellow students interested in attaining their goals to "identify what you're actually passionate about and what you want to do. Whatever that is, go after it, because that is what will make your time here so much more enjoyable. That's what you are here for." 1me independent lorida is seeking applicants for the positions of 1. Editor 2. Managing Editor/Print 3. Managing Editor/New Media Summer B and Fall Semesters You can pick up an application at The Alligator Administrative Office on the second floor of The Alligator Building at 1105 W. University Ave. each weekday between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. from now until April 4, 2006. Part of the application consists of you writing short essays in answer to specific questions. You should pick up your application far enough in advance to allow enough time to complete it by the deadline at 3 p.m. on April 11, 2006. This is an absolute deadline. When you pick up an application, you need to allow yourself 15 to 20 minutes to read through some important information in regards to the application and selection process. Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at The Alligator offices in a meeting open to the public, beginning at 10 a.m. on Friday, April 21. To be considered, you must be a currently enrolled, degree-seeking college or university student. Preference will be given those who have had experience at The Alligator. Campus Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer 

PAGE 5

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 N ALLIGATOR, 5 CLO authority still undecided By STEPHANIE RODRIGUEZ Alligator Writer srodriguez@alligator.org An Alachua County judge overturned his previous ruling that the UF Board of Trustees has final authority over the university's last remaining co-op, the Collegiate Living Organization, on Friday. A replacement trustee, or a party responsible for the property, was not named. The judge will hear CLO's side of the story within 20 days to determine if further action should be taken. CLO president Jonas Blake said the judge changed his mind because he thought the co-op should havea say in what happens to the property. "It's called due process," said CLO attorney Scott Krueger. "We believe that UF-is the residual beneficiary of this trust.". UP and the CLO have been at odds since the results of a November inspection deemed the facility unsafe to live in. The 65 residents of the lowUF cost facility were required to leave by 4 p.m. on March 17, but residents have yet to do so. UF filed a lawsuit last month asking a court to make the university the ultimate authority over the property located at 117 NW 15th St. The court then decided that the UF Board of Trustees, UF's highest governing body, has the final say over the property. CLO officials have questioned whether UF should be entitled to that role. Krueger said the CLO should be allowed to petition to appoint a trustee. However, UF spokesman Steve Orlando said the judge's decision to overturn his previous ruling changes nothing. "We are the trustee," Orlando said. "We will do our very best to carry out our responsibilities. We'll have to see how everything works out in court." Orlando said the judge's decision sets everybody back to square one. "Our issue has never been to be an antagonist against the CLO," Orlando said. "The original issue is our concern for the people who are living there." Krueger said he was not notified by UF when the original suit was filed, which upset officials and residents of the facility. Orlando said the university was not required to notify anyone. "Unfortunately, part of what's making it difficult to fulfill our responsibilities is that they won't let us on the property," Orlando said. Residents are required to do basic maintenance in order to keep the building in proper living conditions. UF's inspections have concluded that the residents have not properly filled that role, which CLO residents and officials have contested. Some believe the CLO could be the last remaining student-co-op in the state of Florida. Art for the ears June Macauley tries to decide on a pair of earrings crafted by Christina Cassidy at the 37th annual SFCC Spring Arts Festival on Sunday. In addition to dancing, entertainment and food, the weekend festival featured 250 artists showing and selling their work in downtown Gainesville. UF wants more graduate students PRESIDENT MACHEN SAID HE WANTS MORE PH.D. STUDENTS. By JUSTIN RICHARDS Alligator Staff Writer jrichards@aligator.org When courting top-notch graduate students, UF recruiters cannot offer the health insurance package that would clinch their coupling. "We have the money, they have the interest -we just can't consummate the union," said Ken Gerhardt, interim dean of the graduate school, at the Friday meeting of the UF Board of Trustees. At the meeting, -UF President Bernie Machen presented a dismal comparison of UF's graduate health insurance program to those of Top 10 public research universities. UF pays for 31 percent Of its graduate students' health insurance plans, far less than most of the top schools do. Likewise, the university trails its rivals in the ratio of graduate-to-undergraduate students. A strong graduate program matters to a university pursuing a higher rank because graduate students do the bulk of the institution's research. "We have the money, they have the interest -we just can't consummate the union." Ken Gerhardt Interim dean of the graduate school Machen's "Strategic Work Plan for the University of Florida," which maps UF's route to the Top 10, repeatedly mentions the improvement and expansion of graduate programs as goals. Machen said UF has plenty of master's candidates, but its doctoral ranks need to grow. That's why UF is lobbying the state for money to fund graduate health insurance 100 percent. But because not all state universities give graduate research the primacy that UF does, Machen said UF lacks the lobbying "umph" that would come with statewide teamwork. Wayne McCormack, director of the interdisciplinary program in biomedical sciences, said the inability to support graduate students financially hinders his program's recruitment. "We get really good students, but, to be honest, we don't get the cream of the 'crop," he said. College graduates, when evaluating their further-education suitors, have different criteria than high school graduates do, said Greg Neimeyer, coordinator of the graduate program in psychology. Instead of coursework and campus life, graduate students prioritize a university's research facilities and financial benefits. Undergraduates are still "enjoying the waning years of their parents' (health) coverage," Neimeyer said. About 4,500 UF students are eligible for university-sponsored health insurance. Noah: History of champions won't help UCLA; Gators ready for title game NCAA, from page 1 basketball games," said Noah to about 50 reporters in a room better suited for 25 bodies. "What does history do to help you win a basketball game, or what does tradition do to help you win a basketball game like [tonight's]?" Plenty, if you ask the Bruins. "There's no program that has more tradition or rich history of winning than UCLA," Bruins coach Ben Howland said. "These kids know that and embrace that. I think that obviously is a motivator." UCLA has Walton. The Gators have Dwayne Schintzius. The Bruins have Abdul-Jabbar. UF has Andrew DeClerq. Baron Davis and Reggie Miller for the gold and sky blue. Mike Miller and Vernon Maxwell for the orange and blue. They're running out of cloth in Los Angeles, where 11 championship banners hang from the rafters. The Gators just want to Howland know what a ring looks like. "I think to have that tradition that you want, to be recognized as one of the best, you have to have a few of those banners up there," UF athletics director Jeremy Foley said. "That's what the Kentuckys have. That's what the Indianas have, the Carolinas, the Dukes. "It has to start somewhere, and I hope it starts right here." It starts in UF's hotel rooms. The Gators have drawn their curtains shut. Silence was mandatory as they braced for insomnia Sunday night. "There's so many distractions," Noah said. "The hardest time is going to sleep and the couple of hours before you play -waiting and waiting." All this buildup, all this talk -the college basketball gods must be chuckling as they plot Hercules against the Evil Stepmother. May the best fairy tale win. 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR U MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 Editorial Remembrance Sept. 11 tapes reveal lack of preparedness t's been four and a half years since the tragedy of Sept. 11, but for some, those old wounds are being opened up yet again. On Friday, New York City officials released nine hours of audio recordings of 911 operators speakingto callers trapped inside the World Trade Center. Only the voices of the operators were included in the chilling tapes, but that was enough. Yet amidst the heart-rending emotion of the tapes, the central theme is how unprepared the emergency management system was for such a terrorist attack. For example, operators unaware of the-orders to evacuate encouraged callers to remain in the buildings -telling them to wait for help that would never come. "We'll get to you as soon as we can. I swear to you," said one operator. And another: "I don't know what to tell you. I'm so sorry I don't know what to tell you to do." "The 911 tapes clearly demonstrate the 911 operators were not given a uniform script," said Norman Siegel, an attorney who fought for the release of the tapes. "As we listened and read the 911 operators' comments, at times they were inconsistent and contradictory. You had generally the mantra of 911 operators saying, 'Just sit tight.'" Of course, the blame doesn't fall on the operators, many of whom retired or never returned to work after that day. We were grossly underprepared at all levels of government for a terrorist attack. Just ask President Bush, who continued reading "The Pet Goat" to a Florida elementary school class for more than five minutes after he learned America was under attack. But four and a half years, many billions of dollars and one congressional investigation later, how much has really changed? What evidence do we have that the system has improved? "You know exactly what's going to happen to the tapes," said New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, who opposed the release. "They'll be blasted all over and made a spectacle." But to ensure that our emergency management really improves, we think that's exactly what we need. Team aids Top 10 goal fter dismantling George Mason University, the Gators are headed to the NCAA basketball championship, and that extra attention could mean great things for UF. "The one place it is sure to impact is increased number of applications to the University of Florida -just what we need," said UF President Bernie Machen at the Board of Trustees meeting Thursday. Machen, concerned about the massive size of UF's undergraduate student body, was being sarcastic. But we're not. A larger pool of applicants means that UF can be more selective -generating an improvement in the quality of undergraduate students, if not the quantity.That's in addition to the greater donations the team's performance could produce. Even though Machen is skeptical, we think the extra press could be the best thing to happen to UF in a long time. .So instead of dumping thousands of dollars on meaningless ad campaigns, perhaps UP should be buying the basketball team those new high-tops. Lhe independent flo da alligator Emily Yehle Tom Durrenberger EDITOR OPINIONS EDITOR Bridget Carey MANAGING EDITOR The Alligator encourages comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about oe letter-sized p'g'). They mesh he typed, double-spaced and mesh include She author's name, slassifiateo and phone number. Tames dl he sihheld i the siter shows ust eauseWe rsee She right he edit fe, lengh gramare style and lihel. Seed letes So IettersS@aIligatoe,02'9, bieg Seem to 1105 W. University See. arsheed Seem to '.0. Bee 14257. Gainesville, FL 32B4-22h7.Celumns ef sheet 4sh werds abeut eriginal topies and editerial cartoons are alse wselceme. Questions? Call 376-A458. Opinions 0 6 ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/opinions 4 toI "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" Column The U.S. must not give in to terrorism Editor's note: To illustrate why the U.S. should not Once the American occupiers leave Iraq, the following is Matt Melone's interpretaleave, we can make sure a woman tion of what a correspondence between Osama bin never steps foot in a school here Laden and President Bush might be like. again. All this business about freeT o President Bush and the American people, dom being on the march has given Three long years America has been fighting in Iraq, some Iraqi and Afghami women false and still you are no closer to winning this so-called Matt Melone hopes of equality. We must stamp war on terror. In my last video, we called for a truce. But Taking Up Arms this out and stone few of them to now, we ask for your surrender. lettersealligator.org set the record straight. We admit the infidel troops have proven themselves I turned on the radio the other tougher than we expected. For every one of them we day, and there was a woman broadthey kill 100 of us. casting out of Kabul! Once the American occupiers have But our victory is inevitable because we are patient and abandoned this land, she will pay dearly. willing to win by any means necessary: violence, intimidaYou have promised economic progress and free markets, tion, blackmail and oppression. but once we are in charge, we will make sure our people put We are willing to kill the civilian politicians who stand in aside hopes for wealth. You have promised freedom and poour way. We will kill the moderates and their families and all litical representation, but the Iraqi and Afghani people need those who work with the Americans until there is no one left oppression and fear to keep them pious. to defend democracy. Once you leave, we will make all those who cooperated We would sooner see Iraq and Afghanistan destroyed with the Americans suffer publicly. Anyone who so much as than conform to American ideals of liberty smiled at an American will be sorry. So, we beg of you: Give up, America. Listen to Michael So America, go home now. You are not wanted here, and Moore, the Hollywood celebrities, the punk rock bands, the you do not have the patience for this. Give up on these hopes left-wing politicians, the liberal intellectuals and the hippies, of bringing democracy to the Middle East. and pull out of Iraq now. Just listen to Americans like Cindy Sheehan and everyIn the past, we have called for the conversion of the body calling for a pullout, and cut your losses. Leave Iraq American people as the only solution for peace. This time, and Afghanistan in our hands, and we will put these nations our demands are much more reasonable. back on the proper paths of justice and morality. Here are the terms of your surrender: Leave Iraq and This is our message to President Bush and the Americans. Afghanistan now. Drop everything and go so power can be Our next offer to you may not be as generous. transferred to us. .Most sincerely yours, In return, we will refrain from targeting American civilOsama bin Laden ians for such a time as we see fit. If you apologize for your Matt Melone is a journalism and political science junior. imperial aggression, we may suspend jihad an extra year. His column appears on Mondays. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: Will the Gators Friday's question: Will UF's new 19% YES basketball team defeat UCLA for online course help to curb stu81% NO the.National Championship? dent drinking? 81 TOTAL SOTES Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org 

PAGE 7

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 N ALLIGATOR, 7 Letters to the Editor Board should now exercise its authority Our group, Floridians for Constitutional Integrity, initiated legal action over a year ago asking the courts to affirm the responsibilities of the Florida Board of Governors, which we believed were given to them in November 2002 through the passage of Amendment 11 to the Florida Constitution. The circuit court of the Second Judicial Circuit in and for Leon County has recently issued two significant rulings. It ruled that our group had legal standing to pursue such actions -something the Florida Board of Education had contended otherwise. Most significantly, the court accepted the results of a mediation agreement that, in effect, gave the Board of Governors all the responsibilities we contended the constitutional amendment afforded them. Now what is obviously needed is for the Board of Governors to exercise its authority in a manner that is in the best interest of the people of Florida. E. T. York Chancellor Emeritus State University System of Florida Country remains free because of soldiers It is disappointing to see that recent Alligator editions have only included letters about the war in Iraq that create more conflict and arguments, but it refused to acknowledge the recent "SOS: Support Our Soldiers" event that united both opponents and advocates of the war and raised over $600 for the United Service Organizations. It's also disappointing -but shouldn't be surprising -that of all the recent letters, not one gives thanks to American soldiers. They serve, regardless of "adequate compensation" or the lack of "proper armor," while you argue semantics and make excuses. How typical and predictable to use the freedoms our soldiers provide you with to defame or, even worse, ignore them and their sacrifices.However, that is your right. This is, as they say, a free country. I just wish more people would remember why. Lindsey Parsons 2LS UF should not neglect public to be Top 10 Why is the Alligator so eager to stop students from going to college? I support reforms, not reductions, of the Bright Futures Scholarships program. While 75-percent tuition coverage for a 2.75 GPA might be too much, students with such GPAs still deserve some kind of funding for their education. Instead, other aspects such as major, course load and test scores might flexible scholarships. In m neering and biology, mainta challenge in itself. Furthermore, students in ing scholarships might opt classes simply to inflate th future, success depends on Futures around to make tui We cannot forget that free many smart students in th( cause some students are stru mean they do not deserve* higher education. In our que we should not neglect our university obligated to ser however bright it might be. Cutting Bright Futures wo As someone who only graduate school at UF, I wii admit that I have not yet tomed to the culture of the p ing the editorial "Big Talk: Sa made to get to Top' 10," I cou for this. When the author suggest cut Bright Futures to stud allow for more in order to fund a single state university's ajors like engiambitions, it is the quintessential definition ining a 3.0 is a of smugness. While the goal of becoming a Top 10 school, on the face of it, is a cause I danger of losthink we all Can support, the overarching to take easier attitude that has come out of this quest is an eir GPAs. UF's unquestionable mix of selfishness and moral keeping Bright superiority. tion affordable. The Florida public university system money keeps and Bright Futures exist for the reason of state. Just beproviding a quality education at a price ggling does not that allows those who could not otherwise the privilege of attend college to go. Notice nothing in that st to be the best, goal includes bashing the SAT scores of roots as a state students who go to other universities or inrve the public, directly implying that those who could not muster the score to get accepted to UF are Michael Posada not worthy of actually mattering. The aver1LS age UP faculty member makes $15,000 more a year compared to their counterparts in the rest of the state. This is riot to say Florida does not need uld be selfish a great public university. We surely do. We recently started should work to make the Top 10. However, 3 be the first to we as a university do not, and should not, become accusset the priorities for a state that has a goal of lace. After readproducing an educated populous, not just a crifices must be highly educated few at the expense of the 85 nt myself lucky percent of undergrads in Florida who do not attend UP. ad that the state ents in Florida Michael Zagorsky 7BA GRADUATI ON 2006 A speCi sectio wi stories and photos cornrnetnoratng the graduation of more than 6000 students from the Unive;rsity of Florida. The Alligators Graduato 2l006.section is the perfect place for advertisers to either thank students for their support during their years in Gainesville, or advertise for graduation gifts, products or serices ;uitable for graduates. -jewelry -Restaurants -Car Dealerships -Auto Repair Car Care -Electronics Travel Deadline: Mon. April 3rd Run Date: Tues. April 11th Advertising: 376-4482 algor -Bookstores -Fr'uinng Stores -Clothing Storis -Phoro Supplies, F Florists Luiggage -Card Shops -A .5.M.N-44E' GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERS 25% OFF any one GNC Product Cannot be combined. Need coupon. 3914 SW Archer Rd DailQ~ecial 37-0 0 /0* ON 13TH STREET DENTAL RESEARCH STUDY WIRB # 20051613 Approval # 2528413.0 The University of Florida Periodontal Disease Research Clinic is seeking individuals for a research study that will evaluate clinically the effect of an in-office investigational drug treatment for Periodontal Disease (Gum Disease). This study requires that you come to our clinic up to 9 times over a 10-month period. You may be eligible if: you are over the age of 18 you are in good general health have UNTREATED periodontal disease (GUM DISEASE) in the last 6 months Eligible participants will receive: -an oral examination dental x-rays -dental cleaning -pregnancy testing where appropriate -financial compensation of up to $200.00 -John Bogart City Editor, 1890 If interested, please call our office at (352) 392-9003 between 8 AM -4 PM (M-F) for more information. 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR N MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 UF civil engineers triumph in regional conference E THE UF CHAPTER PLACED FIRST OVERALL AND FIFTH IN THE CANOE COMPETITION. By JESSICA DUCHENE, Alligator Contributing Writer The UF chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers proved its concrete canoe was not the only thing that was "Gatorstrong" during this weekend's 2006 ASCE Southeastern Regional Conference. The UF chapter of the ASCE placed fifth overall in the Concrete Canoe Competition and placed first overall in the Southeastern Regional Conference, which includes several competitions. The chapter's canoe was named "Gatorstrong." "UF and our ASCE chapter was 'Gatorstrong' because we areso hardcore," said Thomas Sputo, UF faculty advisor and civil and coastal engineering professor. "We have a team that works really hard and really well together, and the name of the canoe reflects that." The University of Alabama in Huntsville received first in the Concrete Canoe Competition. Michael Bums, concrete canoe captain and project manager, said he was proud of the UF team's hard work and performance at the competition, which took place over three days. Octavian Cantilli / Alligator UF's John Weaver, Jessica Mackey, Nicole S. Walker and Reuben Franklin row in their boat, named "Gatorstrong," after placing fifth overall at the Concrete Canoe Competition on Friday at Lake Wauburg. "Even though we didn't come home with the first-place trophy, the team has a lot to be proud of," Bums said. "I'm proud of what the canoe looked like, how dedicated we were, all the hours we worked, and what we accomplished." The competition began with the display of the canoes in the Stephen C. O'Connell Center on Thursday. "Cut canoe caused a lot of commotion at the displays," Bums said. "Other schools were taking pictures and asking us how we made ours. It was nice to get such positive feedback." The second part of the competition took place at Lake Wauburg on Friday. Each school competed in a series of five different races testing the paddlers' endurance and speed. UF placed second in the canoe races overall Friday. Frank and Diane Bums, Michael Bums' parents, traveled from their home in Leesburg to cheer on UF at the races Friday. Diane Burns qY~( 4MI# 1%# %J1kJFr "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" UF to rock out for research By JOANNA BLAZ Alligator Contributing Writer A pre-health society and the catchy sounds of four Gainesville rock bands are coming together tonight for the second annual Gainesville Rockathon. Alpha Epsilon Delta will hold a benefit concert at the Sidebar at 9 p.m. Tickets are $5 at the door or in advance and all proceeds go to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital. "St. Jude is the only pediatric research center where families never have to pay more than their insurance covers," said Reshelle Smith, a pre-med student and AED member who helped organize the Rockathon. "[Their] budget is obtained entirely from fundraising efforts like ours." Last year's Rockathon raised over $1,000. This year's goal is $1,500. There are a few extra incentives for the audience tonight besides helping out a good cause. "We threw in some shirts and CDs," said Jamie Armstrong, the vocalist and guitarist of the untimely death of., one of the bands who volunteered its time to perform. "There will be raffles with shirts, CDs, door prizes and gift certificates in between sets." The lineup tonight is The Patrick McDuffyAllStars, .and this is my odyssey, The Scott Effman Band, and the untimely death of. "We as college students have a good life," AED president Payaal Bhakta said. "We're not really rich, but donating an hour of our lives to help others really pays off in the long run." Gators win leads to alcohol-induced celebration across University Avenue BARS, from page 1 of orange and blue near The Swamp Restaurant. As TV crews captured the action on camera, Gators fans shrieked and slurred their way through a series of sports chants while a bevy of police officers kept close watch over the mayhem. Inside The Swamp, meanwhile, loyal Gators fans were just as rowdy p "It's been wild," said Lauren DeFilippo, a Swamp employee. "Right when the Gators won, everybody went crazy." While Gators chants reverberated through the restaurant's interior, UP junior Ivan Ceballos watched the game from the restaurant's relatively calmer front porch. "I guess this is kind of the watering hole for students when there's a big event," he said. "No place I'd rather be than Swamp." After the win, Fat Joe's party anthem "Lean Back" blared through the restaurant's speakers, as Croakies-wearing Gators fans managed to grind to the beat while avoiding any massive beer spillage. Ashley Miller, another Swamp hostess, said she was pleased with the evening's atmosphere. "Because it's such a far away game, there's not a lot of rivals here," she said, clutching an empty pitcher as she weaved through crowds. "It's been wild. Right when the Gators won, everybody went crazy." Lauren De Filippo Swamp employee "Everyone's pretty much all Gators, so there haven't been any fights yet." By 2 a.m. exhausted employees were finally shutting down their establishments for the night, but that did little to faze the drunken masses intent on further celebration. "I've been drinking since 12 in the afternoon," said Nate Nault, a psychology student in search of a late-night pizza fix. "You know we're the Gators. We have many leather-bound books and our apartments smell of sweet mahogany." Other students stumbled down University Avenue singing praise for the team's players. "These five players create such sweet action," said UF student Matt Simmons, who lingered along University Avenue with friends. "It's like -soy sauce on rice." Even non-UF students were excited to get a taste of the action. "We're just partying it up because we can," said Richard LeBlanc, a University of North Florida student visiting Gainesville with friends. "We took advantage of the Gators winning. If they lost, it would not be as fun as it is right now." said civil engineers are the unappreciated heroes and structure of our nation. "We are very proud of Michael, the University of Florida and their ASCE team," Frank Burns said. The competition concluded with a presentation to the ASCE judges, which explained the designing and building process of the canoe. The canoe performed well but had its hardships, Burns said. During the competition, the canoe must past the "dunk test," which submerges the canoe underwater and tests whether it can float to the surface on its own. "Ultimately we made it strong, but too strong," Burns said. "It didn't sink, but it needed the help of extra flotation." While UF did not pass the "dunk test," other schools also had a hard time staying afloat. The University of Tennessee was disappointed when its canoe fell apart in the water. The ASCE Conference consists of two main competitions, which are the Concrete Canoe Competition and the Steel Bridge Competition. Both of these competitions have National Competitions, which UF hopes to make next year. "We could have been competitive this year at Nationals," Bums said. "Next year, we will be unstoppable." 

PAGE 9

BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND C assif ieds MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/class fur Rent For Rent For Rent F Rient For Rent O FuIgrnished ) : furnished wil furnished ) nfurinished ) unfurnished *SICK OF SHARING A BATHROOM?* Get your own this fall! 2Br/2Ba flats, *3Br/3Ba townhms FREE Tanning, WID, 24hr gym PC Lab, Gated, All Amenities, Pt Friendly Leasing for FALL*377-2777 4-26-72-1 Super Clean Studio Walk to ShandsAnnual lease Now as low as $355 monthly inc all utilities ph 336-9836 4-26-72-1 NEED ROOMMATES?! All Inclusive 3's and 4's FREE Roommate Matching FREE Cable, Utilities, Internet FREE Furn, Tanning, 24hr Fitness Center Ask About our Huge 212.5 Townhouses 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Convenient Bus Routel 4-26-72-1 Just Bring Your Clothes Preleasing Huge 2&3 Beds Cable *W/D*Pool*Gym*Pets Ok All we need is you! 372-8100 www.greenwichgreen.net 4-26-72-1 NEWLY RENOVATED HUGE 1, 2, & 3BR Pool Affordable & Quiet living Indv lease avail 1.5 miles to UF Renting for Fall 377-7401 4-26-72-1 1, 2, 3, 4BR Apts. www.ApartmentsinGainesville.com 4-26-72-1 GET YOURS! Furnished Luxury @ Its Finest PC lab New 24 hr GYM* Located in the heart of G'ville! From $499 352-271-3131 4-26-72-1 FREE PARKING AT UF Roll Out of Bed & Into Class $439 Gets you all this! Fully Furnished, Free Ethernet, Free Cable w/HBO, FREE UTILITIES, W/D, Roommate match. 379-9300 4-26-72-1 ACTION REALTY Furnished apartments close to UF Individual Bedroom Leases Semester leases* $399-$620/MO www.action-realtors.com 352-331-1133 4-14-61-1 UNBEATABLE MAY SPECIALS! 2BR/2BA*3BR/3BA*4BR/4BA Roommate matching*Cable w/5 HBO's*FREE ethemet*Cyber Cafe* 2 Pools*24 Hr Gym*Tanning Leasing for-May! *373-9009 4-26-52-1 GET REAL @ LEXINGTON CROSSING! 2BR/2BA*3BR/3BA*4BR/4BA RMM Match*Cable w/5 HBO's FREE Ethernet* Cyber Cafe 2 Poois*24 Hr Gym*Tanning 373-9009 4-26-52-1 HUGE Townhouses The closest apts to UP! Rent includes: Ethernet, Electric, Cable, Roommate Match, Furniture package. Indiv leases! 372-3557 VIRTUAL TOURS & PHOTOS www.LiveNearCampus.com 4-26-50-1 Countryside Condo 4BR/4BA Ethernet, util incl., W/D, nicely furnished, secure, excercise/pool, bus to UF 3 mi. $465/mo/rm. Vanessa 352-217-3564, Flo 352-357-9656 or 352-634-4814, Sebastion 352-874-8905 4-26-27-1 Cable, ethernet, util, wireless & much more are free & waiting for you at LaMancha. All you need is your clothes. Full amenities. Walk to campus. 4rms avail. Summer leases avail. .$385 jmj4all@ufl.edu. 561-386-8526 4-4-10-1 LOCATION, LOCATION Windsor Hall. Luxury living for women. 2 Blks to UF. Rent Ind furniture, utils, cable, ethernet, pvt BA, kitchenette, -security, pool, gym, sundeck. 352-337-9255 or www.windsorhall.com. 4-26-26-1 Live in Luxury this Summer! Brand new 2 bed, 2.5 baths walk to shops, movies, restaurants and cable, wi-fi, utilities included! Call Scott at 954-288-7762 -Roommates wanted for 4 bedroom house with pool. Two miles from UF. Some furniture available. Move in starting Summer. $465/ MO includes everything. Call (954) 401-3738 4-5-10-1 Collegiate Living Organization Summer leases. Includes util, ethernet, meals & parking. Only 1 block from campus. 377-4269 Only $460/Summer A or B, $920/Summer C 4-26-23-1 UTG, 10 min to UF & Shands 2BR/2BR May 1-Aug 1 $350/mo 352-472-9778 or 305-299-3485 4-7-10-1 4BR/4BA CONDO. University Terrace West. SW 20th Ave. W/D, $350/mo per room. Avail Aug 15th. Pool, hottub. Call 352-586-6468 4-26-21-1 2BR/2.5BA townhouse. Walk to campus. W/D, parking, $800/mo + utils. 1-877-8332865 4-5-5-1 CONDOCountryside at Un. 4 Bed 4 Bath $425/mo. On 2 bus routes; close to UF. Call 772-633-0516 or email hamkih@aol.com. 4-26-19-1 SUMMER SUBLEASES 3 rooms in 4 Bed/ 4 Bath condo. All utils, cable, and high-speed internet incl. $425/mo. Call Josh (352) 494-2394. 4-13-10-1 iFoFr Rent7 uniurnished QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS of GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1 BR apt. $345/mo. E1BR cottage $375/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-26-72-2 Available Now at UF 1 and 2 Br's from $555 Laundry on site. Pets ok! Wood floors, balconies available. Open until 8PM Weekdays 371-7777 4-26-72-2 LYONS SPECIAL $99 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-26-72-2 Need a Rental Home or Condo? Need A Tenant? CALL THE BEST! Watson Really Corp. REAT)tRS' www.watsonrent.com Property Mgmt/Rentals 352-335-0440 Full Service Sales 352-377-8899 gvillepm@watsonrealtycorp.com 4-26-72-2 Wake up & walk to UF Studios & 1 bedrooms Starting @ $489 Pet friendly, Pool *Come See! 372-7111* 4-26-72-2 AUGUST AVAILABILITY! @ 1,2 & 3 BR's! HUGE Floorplans! Water/sewer included! Pets OK Affordable $559-$799 *Bus/Bike to UF* 335-7275 4-26-72-2 -BIG CITY LIVING DOWNTOWN Stylish Studios, 1/1's, 2/2's, & 3/3's Pool *Alarm Pets Welcome Leasing for Fall: 338-0002 4-26-72-2 eSUN ISLAND APTS. OSome furnished availt SeWalk or Bike to Campus OS 1-1 $480/mo602-1 $540/mo www.sunisland.info @0376-6720 4-26-72-2 1 & 2BR apts. convenient to-shopping, bus line, and just a few miles from UF. Located off SW 20th Ave. $419 -$495, Ind water, sewer, pest control & garbage. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066. 4-26-72-2 AFFORDABLE & QUALITY TOO! Your Home For Fall! Great Rates! BIR from $489 2BR from $559 Beautiful pools/courtyards Pets OK Walk/Bike to UF 372-7555 4-26-72-2 *CLOSE TO EVERYTHING* Our Luxury 2BR Town Homes & 3BR Flats Starting at only $1034 with many freebees. FREE cable w/HBO & Show Fitness Center*Tanning*Pool*Pets Leasing NOW/FALL*379-9255 4-26-72-2 Deluxe, Large 3 or 4BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 lv message 4-26-72-2 COZY, CONVENIENT, CLOSE 1 & 2 bedrooms for Fall pool, tennis bbat, alarms FREE UP PARKING 376-4002 Pinetreegardens.com 4-26-72-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 sec-' ond walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $495up. 352-538-2181. Lv mssg 4-26-72-2 *NEAR SCHOOL NEAR PLAY NEAR PERFECT!* 1 BR/1 BA*2BR/2BA*3BR/3BA TH Close to UF!*Gated*24hr Gym*Tanning Leasing for FALL*377-2777 4-26-72-2 BEAUTIFUL AND NEW Ceramic Tile, Maple Cabinets, TV in kitchen Huge scr. porches, W/D, walk-in closets Only 1.5 miles to UF 2/2's & 3/3's starting at $458/person Hidden Lake 374-FUNN 4-26-72-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 12-6-168-2 Sun Bay Apartments Summer -Fall Special Reduced summer rates on 15 Month lease, one bedroom apts. 352-376-6720 4-26-72-2 AFFORDABLE 2BRs at UF From $589. Pets ok. Laundry, Free Parking "Open Weekends. 371-7777 4-26-72-2 STUDIOS ACROSS FROM UF From $489. Pool. Laundry. Pets ok Free Parking. Avail Fall. Open Weekends 371-0769 4-26-72-2 Classifieds Continued on next page. How To Place A Classified Ad Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M -F, 8am -4pm. No refunds or In Person: By Mail: When Will Your Ad Run? credits can be given. Cash, Check, MC, or Visa .Use forms appearing weekly in The Classifieds begin TWO WORKING DAYS Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, after they are placed. Ads placed at the with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY REThe Alligator Offic Visa or checks only. UF Bookstore may take THREE days to SPONSIBLE FORTHE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. 1105 W. University Ave. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be M-F, 8am -4pm By Phone: (352) 373-FIND appear. Ads may run for any length of given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first d y will not Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, be further compensated. UF Bookstore at Reitz Union M -F, 8am -4pm but there canbe no refunds or credits Customer error.or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE M -F, 8am -6pm, Sat. 1Oam -5pm By Fax: (352) 376-3015 for cancelled ads. NOON for the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. 1 For Rent: Furnished 6 Furnishings I1 Motorcycles, Mopeds 16 Health Services 21 Entertainment 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 7 Computers 12 Autos 17 Typing Services 22 Tickets 3 Sublease 8 Electronics 13 Wanted .18 Personals 23 Rides 4 Roommates 9 Bicycles 14 Help Wanted 19 Connections 24 Pets 5 Real Estate 10 For Sale 15 Services 20 Event Notices 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination." We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. -All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. -This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as "personal" or "connections" whether or not they actually appear under those classic cautions. We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information. -Although this newspaper uses great are in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. 

PAGE 10

10, ALLIGATOR N MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 For Rent F Rent r Re6nt For7Rent For Rent unfurnished O F unurshed unfunishe u Lnfurnhed unfurnished The Stuff Dreams are Made of Luxury 1/1, 2/2 flats & 3BR/3BATownhomes Free Cable w/ HBO/Sho, Tan, 24 hr gym, Aerobics, W/D, Gated, Pet Friendly, Alarms *The Laurels, 335-4455* 4-26-72-2 *FIDO FRIENDLY-* 1 br $609, 2br $669, 3br $895 Near Butler Plaza* Spacious *Alarms Includes some utilities* Park FREE @UF www.SpanishTrace.org 373-1111 4-26-72-2 ULTIMATE LUXURY HUGE 2BR/2BA & 3BR/3BA TNHMS W/D* Alarm*Gated*Garages* Tanning ENDLESS AMENITIESprivate dog park FREE Cable* Close to UF & SFCC Leasing for Summer/Fall -377-2801 4-26-72-2 1**BR & 2BR BEAUTIFUL** NEW kitchen, tile, carpet, paint 3BR/2BA Flats 00 $839/mo 2BR/2BA Flats 00 $725/mo 2BRover 1100 sq ft 00 $725/ mo 1 BR-over 800 sq ft 00 $625/mo Close to UF, beautiful, quiet High-speed wireless internet $450 deposit 0 376-2507 4-26-72-2 THE LUXURY YOU WANT. AT THE PRICE YOU NEED Remodeled HUGE 2 & 3 Beds Cable*W/D*Tanning* We Love Pets Why spend more? 372-8100 4-26-72-2 HUGE*AFFORDABLE*1,2 & 3BR Starting at just $639 Pool*Tennis Cts*1.5 Mi 2 UF Indiv lease & Util Avail Call Now -377-7401' 4-26-72-2 CLOSE TO CAMPUS Available now! 2BR/1 BA Apt. $475 MITCHELL REALTY 374-8579x1 4-26-72-2 Be the BIGGEST on the block! 1 or 2BR this FALL. We love ALL pets! Pool, Gym, Park @ UF, Bball, Tennis Call 4 Specials! 352-332-7401 4-26-72-2 STUDIO APT. 60 Sec. walk to UF. I or 2 rooms. Short term avail. $350 & up. Call 352-538-2181 4-26-72-2 BIG & CHEAP 2/1.5 apt 1100 sq. ft. $595 3/2 apt 1300 sq ft $695 1800 NW 4th St. Over 20 houses also avail. 373-4423 www.maximumre.com 8-16-131-2 Campus Realty Great homes for rent in the UF area! 352-692-3800 www.campusreaitygroup.com/rentals 4-26-72-2 GIGANTIC 1, 2, & 3 BR flats w/porches FREE Alarm, FREE Tanning, W/D 24hr Gym, PC Lab, Pool, w/Sundeck Gated Entry 372-0400 4-26-71-2 BIG LUXURY 2/2 Flats & 3/3 Townhomes w/Garage FREE Tanning*FREE Alarms*W/D* Cyber Cafe*Gated Entry*Screened Porches 24hr Gym & Sauna*Pool w/Sundeck We Love Pets* ONLY 1.5 miles to UF Now Leasing for Fall*372-0400 4-26-71-2 NEWLY REMODELED AT UF Studios and 1 BR's from $599 Central Air/Wood Floors available Reserve for Fall 371-7777 4-26-69-2 ACROSS FROM UF Studios/1/2 BRs from $589 Central Air, Wood Floors. Pets ok, Laundry on site. Reserve for Fall 371-0769 4-26-69-2 ACTION REALTY Individual and Semester Leases Available immediately Convenient UP access. $375 to $620/MO 352-331-1133 www.action-realtors.com 4-14-61-2 Live at a Legend! The Polos of Gainesville will give you the best college experience with Spacious Apartments, Three Pools with Jacuzzis, HUGE Gym, Billiards Room, and many more amenities! Minutes from UF, shopping and Shands. On all major RTS bus routes. All at a rate that won't break your bank! Call now. for specials: 335-7656 426-69-2 1BR & 2BR/1BA with W/D, central heat/air, dishwasher, ceramic tile, private patio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th St. Near bus rt. From $545. 377-1633 4-26-18-2 Gator Place -2br/lba condo, newly renovated, d/w, hkups, near ShandsNet School/bus lines edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4-26-65-2 SW Lg 1br, lba. Walk-in closet, d/w, w/d hkups, near Shands, Vet School & UF, $395 -$425 edbaurmanagement.com 375-7104 4-26-65-2 Apartment Bargain Shoppers. Check out our spacious 1 &2 BR. units & compare the $$. Our location, price & size will have you puzzled. Call ahead to avoid waiting 376-1248. 4-26-64-2 PRIVATE BACKYARD 1/1, 2/2, & 3/2 Villas with backyard Newly Renovated, Full Appliances FREE cable w/HBO & Showtime Starting at $428/person Hidden Lake 374-FUNN (3866) 4-26-62-2 MORE BANG FOR YOUR BUCK! 3 & 4 Bedrooms for Fall! FREE UF PARKING, tennis, Affordable, Pool, Pets, Alarm 376-4002 Pinetreegardens.com 4-26-60-2 *Picture Perfect, Quiet Living* 1 BR/1 BA & 3BR/2BA flats W/D, Alarms, Pets OK Close to UF, Shopping & Restaurants Aspen Ridge, 367-9910. 4-26-60-2 MORE FOR YOUR MONEY 1, 2, & 3 BR Apartments Starting @ $380. 352-331-8225 or 332-5070. 4-26-57-2 MINUTES FROM UF!!! 3/3's from only $405 per Bdrm 4/4's from only $374 per Bdrm FREE Cable w/ HBO/ SHOWTIME FREE Tanning, 24hr Fitness Center Ask About our Huge 2/2.5 Townhouses 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Convenient Bus Route! 4-26-60-2 Destiny CondosBrand NEW! 1BR/1BA;tile, W/D, dishwasher 1220 NW lstAveWalk to UF! Call for pricing.Campus Realty 692-3800 2-20-20-2 BLOCKS TO UFI 4BR houses from $15001 MO, 3BR houses from $1075/MO, 2BR apts from $495/MO, 1BR apts from $450/MO. Owner operated. See dalyproperties.com or Call Carol 377-3852 4-26-55-2 Lofts & Townhomes Sign now for Aug! 20flptns 1-5BR next to UF VIRTUAL TOURS & PHOTOS www.LiveNearCampus.com 376-6223 4-26-50-2 Walk to UF and Shands 1 BR/1 BA $375-$475 2BR/1.5BA Townhouse Washer/Dryer $575 Gore-Rabell Realty 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 4-26-44-2 JONESVILLE NEW LUXURY TOWNHOME 3BR/2.5BA. Pets ok. All new appliances. Central H/A. 15 min to UF. $1300/mo 352472-9778 or 305-299-3485 4-3-20-2 PET'S PARADISE No app or pet fee. 2BR, fireplace, new carpet, privacy fence, W/D hkup. Dog walk. 4511 SW 71 Terr $490/mo Call 331-2099. Private owner please leave detailed msg. 4-4-20-2 BIKE TO UF! Large luxury unit $825/MO 2BR/2.5BA, swimming pool Peartree Realty Inc. Realtor 352-335-3802 4-5-20-2 HOUSES, DUPLEXES, CONDOS, OR TOWNHOUSES Walk/bike/bus to UF. Neat, clean good quality. Visit www.gatorpads.com for available units or call 281-0733 or 2840316. 8-16-58-2 3BR/1.5BA HOUSE Large fenced backyard with screened porch. W/D. Pets ok. Avail May 1, $900/mo. Call 352-466-7091. 4-6-20-2 Luxurious Victoria Station Condo. 2BR/2.5BA, W/D, alarm, internet, bus route every 15 mins. 1 mile from UF. Avail for fall. 352-222-4235. $875/MO. Walking distance to Butler Plaza 4-26-33-2 3bd/1.5ba house. N.W. area. Central AC/HT, ceiling fans. Extra space for den or home office. Carpet and tile. W&D hook ups. Fenced back yard and private drive way. $930 one year or $870 two year lease. Call (352) 3756754. No section 8. 4-7-20-2 2bd/2ba house. N.W. area. Up-scale neighborhood. Well equipped kitchen. Central Ac/ Ht. Ceiling fans. Screened back porch, W&D. 2 car garage. Fenced back yard. New paint and tile. $890 one year or $850 two years lease. No section 8. Call (352) 375-6754 4-7-20-2 SAVE $$$, GET MORE! 3BR/2BA for less than $300/person B-ball, Comp lab, Gym, FREE UF parking www.SpanishTrace.org 373-1111 4-26-49-2 1105 NW 14th Ave. Avail. May 10. 3BR/ 2BA. 2000 sq. ft. 1 mi from UF. $1200/mo. Andree Realty. 352-375-2900 4-10-20-2 0 0 GREAT HOUSES FOR FALL O Close to UF. Fenced yards Email: SBR@JacksonLLC.com 1614 NW 21st Avenue 3/2 $1000 2006 NW 35th St 4/2 $1365 520 NW 52nd Terr 3/2 $975 600 NW 54th Terr 3/2 $1155 4430 NW 16th PI 3/2 $1485 918 NW 39th Ave 3/1 $750 4-26-31-2 **10 BLOCKS TO UF** Quaint 1BR/1BA apts in historic Victorian house. High ceilings, wood floors, ceiling tans, AD/Ht. $475/mo avail Aug 1st. 225 SW 3rd Ave. Some pets ok, 376-2184 4-18-25-2 3 BLKS FROM TIGERT HALL 2BR/1BA apt, cent A/C, newpaint, $630/mo. Upstairs/ hd wood floors. $610/mo downstairs/carpet. Inc. water, sewer, trash, pest cont. Laundry on site. No pets,. Avail 8/1/06 352-316-4474 4-4-13-2 3BR/2BA 1700 sq ft house for rent. Wood floors, screen porch, jacuzzi, W/D. 1 mi south of campus. Avail 8/1. $1300/mo. Call 352-258-9116 4-13-20-2 Avail April 1st! Classiest apts in town! 2BR/ ba $974/mo. We'll pay deposit. Pool, sauna, full gym, tan bed. Please call 561-324-1768 orAIM kdobson22785 4-4-10-2 Avail May-Aug. Alt units 1/2 mi from UF campus. Eff $340; 1BR/1BA $475-$445; 2BR/2.5BA $750; 2BR/1BA $715-$550; 3BR/2BA $1000.SD, NS, no pets, 1 yr lease. Call 904-513-1431 or gv1132601 @gmail.com 4-26-26-2 *******AVAILABLE NOW******* 2BR w/wood floors & fenced yard. Walk to UF. 1010 NW 3rd Ave. $500/mo. 1BR downtown. 216 SW 3rd Ave. $395/ mo. Call 371-3260 4-4-10-2 Kensington/Victoria Station Townhouses for rent. 2BR/2.5BA. Contact Robin 954-802-4499 or 954-433-4339 4-4-10-2 FORGET YOU HAVE ROOMMATES! Huge 4BR townhomes w/N/D. 1662 sq.ft. FREE gym membership! 352-332-7401 4-26-26-2 SORORITY ROW AREA Live in luxury @ Windsor Hall. 2 Blocks to UF. Ind everything + pool, gym, sundeck. Starting at $410/mo. 336-9255. 4-26-26-2 ** WALK TO UF ** From any of our studio, 1, 2, 3, or 4BR classic apts or vintage homes. Starting at $350/mo.Come by and pick up one of our availability lists @ 821 NW 13th St. or call 375-8256 4-26-26-2 **WALK TO UF ** 4BR/1 BA beautiful brick house. Hardwood floors, fireplace, cent A/C, '$1600/mo. 313 NW 11th St. Call 375-8256 4-26-26-2 ** WALK TO UF** Sorority Row area. 2BR/1 BA apt in historic stone building. Beautiful hardwood floors, cent AC/heat, 911 SW 6th Ave. $750/mo. 375-8256 4-26-26-2 *SORORITY ROW AREA* Beautiful stone cottage. 3BR/1 BA, hardwood floors. Must see. $1300/mo. 375-8256 4-26-26-2 ** 5 BLOCKS TO UF ** Beautiful 2Br/1 BA w/hardwood floors & fireplace. $1200/mo. Call 375-8256. 4-26-26-2 LUXURY CONDOS! GOLF COMM in Jonesville area 2/2.5 w/garage, gated, b-ball ct, tennis, pool gym, carwash, move-in spec avail MAGNOLIA REALTY 352-200-4992 4-18-20-2 AMAZING POOL HOME SPACIOUS ROOMS IN GREAT LOCATION You must see this 6BR/4.5BA Within 2 miles of UP campus. Call Eric for details 682-7424. 4-4-10-2 Spacious Rooms in Great Location Great for Students. You must see this 6BR/3BA Bike or walk to campus Call Eric for details 682-7424 4-4-10-2 HISTORIC HOUSES DOWNTOWN. Studio, 2BR, 1BR $375-750. Wood firs. vaulted ceilings. Native landscape. Quaint settings. Must see at:: pleasantstreet.net 4-26-24-2 1 Rm in 4Br/4Ba Countryside Apt. Close to UF on bus rte. W/D, utils, cable w/HBO, and DSL incl. $400/mo. No deposit. F only. NS. 954-328-2021. 4-6-10-2 HOUSES 1.5 mi to UF forAug. 1st. 630 NW 35th St. 3/2 fam. rm $1200, 611 NW 34th Terr. 3/2 fam rm. $1200, 642 NW 35th St. 3/2 $1100, 816 NW 37th Dr 3/2 fam& gar. $1300. Please drive by then call 331-0095. 7-27-43-2 Avail May 1st. 1BR/1BA in triplex in quiet neighborhood. $600/mo. 1st, last, &sec. Call 332-5585 4-6-10-2 3BR/2BA 1,800 sq. ft. on 1 acre, fenced in NW close in $1325. 1BR/1 BA private patio. Small pets ok. In NW near Wards. $390 Andree Realty 284-7569 4-7-10-2 One BR apt. for rent. 1 person, 1 car, no smoking, no pets, no fleas. It is small but has it all. All util. pd. $360/MO, unfurnished. Call Charlie "Whitey" Webb. 375-4373 Stop by 1215 NE 20th Ave. 4-7-10-2 Countryside apartment. Rent 2BR/2BA in a 4BR/4BA 1 room furnished, 1 room unfurnished for summer A-C; all utilities included. Cable, ethernet, W/D, near pool. Info 305979-7862 OR 786-412-9337 4-14-15-2 Need one female roommate in new house with wood floors. Free parking, utilities, and wireless. Walk to campus. $500/mo. Call 603-231-7798 4-3-5-2 Union Street Station 2BR/2BA luxury apartment. W/D, alarm, Berber carpet, balcony, 3rd floor, free parking. $1250/mo. Call Eric @ 352-870-9453 4-24-20-2 705 NW 10th Ave. Spacious home. 8 rooms + 400 sq ft screened porch. 3BR/1BA, W/D, short bike to UF. $1230/mo + util. No pets. Lease for fall. 275-1259. Email ATucker458@aol.com 4-10-10-2 1 Bedroom/ 1 Bath Sundown apts. Avail. Sat, May 6 Prorate May rent $445/465 w/pet behind Butler Plaza Bus Route 1 Call Trisha 352-208-4261 4-4-5-2 *AVOID NOISY NEIGHBORS* 2/BR/2BA Flat FREE Tanning, W/D, Huge 24 hr. gym, PC lab, Gated, Pet friendly, Free Cable, Leasing for Fall: 377-2777 4-26-19-2 CoUntryside at the University Female for 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA, $425/mo incl. utils, cable & internet. On bus it #9 & #35. Avail now 352-377-1283, 561-575-3821 4-10-15-2 NEAR LAW SCHOOL 3/1, 1/1, 1st last, sec. Pref grad student. No pets, W/D hook-up, dish, W/D firs, cent A/C, gas heat, trees. Call Tom >8pm or wkend 954-529-4031 426-18-2 APTS and HOMES for Rent visit our website at: www.merrillmanagement.net Merrill Management, Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 1B 1BA apts 1 BLK TO UF 1236 SW 4th Ave $485/Mo Carpet, Central H & Air, Laundry Facilities. Call Merrill Management, Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 Efficiency. Cottage across from Stadium $475/Mo Newly Remodeled. Tile Floors, Full Kitchen, Bathroom Screened Porch. 1806 1/2 NW 2nd Ave. Call Merrill Management, Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 3 BLKS TO UF! 1 BR 1 BA Apt with extra room 1029 SW 3rd Avenue $485/Mo Carpet, Central H & Air, Call Merrill Management, Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 1BR 1BAApt BLK TO UP! 1218 SW 3rd Ave. $425/MO Carpet, Window A/C, Nat Gas ht Includes Wtr, Swg, pest control. Call Merrill Management, Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1BA apt 5 Blks to UF 840 Sq ft. $550/Mo St Croix Apts Central H & Air, Includes, Wtr, Swg, Pst Ctrl & Garbage. 829 SW 5th Avenue Call Merrill Management, Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1BAApt 1 BLK to UP! 1234 SW 1st Ave. #B $600/Mo Central H & Air, Carpet. Call Merrill Management, Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 LIVE ON UF LAKE Huge 4BR/2BA Estate. Pool, Dock, 3 car garage. Bike or walk to UF Bivens Arm $2300/mo. 339-4862 4-26-18-2 Walk to UF NEW furnished common area. 3BR/3BA in 4BR/4BA available. $499/mo. 2 blocks from campus by sorority row. Bus stop outside building. 407-432-0911 4-14-10-2 1BR/BA avail in 4BR apt. Campus Club. Individual lease, Furnished, priv/BA, $400includes EVERYTHING. Avail. starting May. Contact Alicia 352-246-3302. 4-6-20-3 

PAGE 11

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006E ALLIGATOR, 11 Subleases Subleases Subleases Subleases Roommates New site offers solution for subleasers: a marketplace to match leasers with tenants! Only national service of its kind. No matter the need, you can find it here! Free to register! Visit: www.SubleaseAuction.com 4-6-20-3 Campus Lodge. 3BR/3BA 3rd fl, furnished, utilizes, cable. Ethernet, tanning bed incl., no dep. $480/mo. Lease ends Aug. 6 Keith 352-262-6634 4-3-10-3 Male @ Oxford Manor. 1BR/1BA In 3BR/ 3BA. Furnished, Starting May through August 7, $450fmo. Great amenities. Call Alex 786-897-6965. 4-3-10-3 2BR/2BA private 2-story townhouse available May -July. Next to Gainesville PI Apts. $730/mo + utils. 1 BR/1 BA option avail earlier. Call Lindsay at 352-318-3385 4-4-10-3 Female for 1 BR/1 BA in 4BR/4BA @ Melrose Apts. W/D in unit, cable, internet, utilities inc. Avail May 1 thru Aug 7. $384/mo Call Olivia 386-547-8497 4-4-10-3 1 BR/BA @ Oxford Manor, furnished, starting May, 1 ml from campus, $719/mo w/o utilities + internet, price negotiable. Call 305-8152456 4-4-10-3 The Estates. 1BR/1BA in 2/2. Pool view. Pets welcome. All util. incl. Cable + ethernet. Female roommate. May-Aug, $545/mo. 512695-5144. 4-3-10-3 Summer Sublease May-Aug. @ G'ville Place. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA, all util. incl., furnished, wash/dry/net/gym/pool. Females only. $480/mo obo. 813-610-0797 4-4-10-3 ***Female Sublet 1BR/1BA of 3/3 apt. in the Laurels. Large walk-in closet, upstairs with balcony in bedroom. $413/mo, leasee will pay assignment fee. Please call 352-4763860 or email smonroe@tampabay.rr.com.426-26-3 1BR/BA in 2BR/2.5BA NEW townhouse. W/D, internet included. $600/mo + utilities. 3 blocks to campus. Avail May-Aug. email witgator@ufl.edu 4-7-13-3 LEXINGTON CROSSING Bedroom w/ private bathroom May thru August $400/month Everything is included GREAT DEAL 954-610-4120. David 4-410-3 Summer Sublease Windsor Hall. Girls bldg. Behind sorority row! Furnished, deluxe single suite w/refrigerator, microwave, 2 Ig closets & pvt bath. All utils incl. $625/mo. Avail 5/8/06 Contact Lauren for details 407-616-9070 4-5-10-3 1BR for female in 4BR/2BA @University Commons. May thru August $295/MO +utils. Short bus ride to UF. Pool, gym, wireless internet. Call Polly 919-824-0201 4-11-14-3 SUBLEASE! May-Aug. 2/2 in a 4/4 for $450/ OBO. Everything included! Call Lisa 850803-0790 4-5-10-3 Summer sublease 05/14 -08/05. $600/mo. 1BR/1 BAfully furnished. Regency Oaks. Util, hi speed, dig cable incl. Call Stephanie 804381-8072 4-7-10-3 Walk to campus. Sublease for summer Windsor Hall furn., pvt bath, kitchenette 1 or 2 students. MIF. We pay $625/mo will nub for $425/mo. Call 239-571-5789. 4-13-15-3 Countryside @ University Condo 2 bedroom avail. in 4BR/4BA for $425/ea. Cable, water, elec. incl. except phone. Call Irvin (904)6100967 or email icheng@bellsouth.net. 4-610-3 Summer Sublet MayAugust $325/MO Roomate needed for Master bedroom in fully furnished 2BR/2BA apt. Near campus, pool & gym. Pets are welcome. Call 786-543-9418 OR nia1787@ufl.edu 4-7-10-3 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA available May 6August 6 in Lexington $325/mo OBO? Includes everything. Best deal! Call Taylor 321-890-6199 4-7-10-3 Sublease apartment April-July. Female roommate wanted. Walk to campus $300/MO +1/2 until. 954-258-8485 4-7-10-3 Summer Sublease @ Campus Lodge. 1 BR/ 1BA in 2BR/2BA. Third floor, furnished, utit, cable, ethernet, and much more all incl. Great view. $510/mo. Matt 954-591-2349 4-3-5-3 Studio Apt $460/mo incl utils. Located 1 blk behind Swamp Restaurant Call Kristin 404-934-0978 4-10-10-3 Sublease @ The Laurels 2BR/2BA in 3BR/3BA. Upstairs w/ balcony, walk-in closet. $350/mo; Downstairs $335/ mo. Avail May thru Aug. 352-328-4210 4-3-5-3 $639 SPANISH TRACE 2BR/1 BA. $320/per room; avail May 1 -Aug. Pets ok, Walk to UF & Butler Plaza, parking on campus, cheap util. Call ASAP 786-3015239 4-4-5-3 SUMMER TERM Oakbrook Walk Condos. Male for furn 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA. Full kitchen & W/D. Walk to UF. $550/mo. Call 301-643-0093 or bmw2009@ufl.edu. 4-5-6-3 e. 2 BLKS from UF! Summer C. 2BR in 3BR/1.5BA. On NW 2nd Ave behind Swamp. Hdwd firs, big rms, furn. M/F. $300/mo + utils/OBO. 941-380-1783 4-3-4-3 Female for 1 BR/1 BA in 2BR/2BA in BLDG A at LOOKING GLASS APTS. -30 seconds to UF. Floor Plan B -$505/month plus utilities. Availalbe May 8th -August 12th. Call 407808-1814 4-26-21-3 1 BR in 2BR/2BA townhouse for sublease. W/ D available. 20 & 21 bus passing by. Walk to supermarket & UF gym. 3640 SW 20th Ave. Ask for $270 + 1/2 util. Free deposit. Call 352-262-6912 after 5pm. 4-4-5-3 Female summer sublease May to Aug. 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA @ University Glades. $470/mo everything inn!. Call Jennifer @ 321-287-6590 4-4-5-3 Female subleaser needed for 1/1 in a 2/2. W/D in unit all util ind in rent. 2 pools & nice workout room. Needed by May. Please call if interested. 386-937-2860 4-4-5-3 All inclusive sublease. May-Aug. Dates are flexible. $400/mo. Stonerdge Apt. 1/1 in 4/4. Female only. W/D & Cable, wireless. Huge bedroom & walk-in closet. Call (832) 5128252. 4-4-5-3 DOWNTOWN GAINESVILLE 1BR in 3BR Arlington Sq. Next to Starbucks, Dragonfly, & Hippodrome May 12-Aug 12. No dep. Pets ok. Call 352-262-1687. 4-4-5-3 ** I Mile From UF ** 3BR apartment/private bath. Gated community. Lg pool/ hi spd. int. $504/mo Call 904-542-6969 (day), 904-563-3825 (eve). 4-11-10-3 1st MONTH FREE Pvt. BR/BA in 2BR/2BA apt. The Estates. Fully furn. Hispd inet. pool, 24 hr. Fitness ctr. $400/mo. Female only. Call Jessica 352-5517776 4-6-7-3 Summer sublease. 1BR/1 BA. 1236 SW 4th Ave. #7. Rent is $470/ mo but will take best offer. Call Megan @ 514-5590. 4-4-5-3 Furnished room in great location on NW 10th Ave. May 15-Aug. 15. $325 + 1/3 bills. No pets/smoke. Possible renew for fall -year. Ph. 871-5633. Hurry! 4-11-10-3 WALK TO SCHOOL/SWAMP summer sublease 1,2, or 3 BR Avail., in house. W/D, wireless internet, parking, furn./unfurn. $335/385 mo. w/o until. OBO Call 352-2461379. 4-4-5-3 Female summer sublease May-Aug. In 4/4 @ Lexington Crossing $450/mo. ind. utilities, cable, internet, phone. Price negotiable 786-253-9656. 4-4-5-3 The Polos 2BR/2BA. Unfurnished. W/D May -June -July. $600/mo + util. Call 239-887-1342 email sylviar484@gmail.com 4-6-5-3 Summer sublease avail. to female for 1BR/1BA in 2/2.5 townhouse. 2 blocks from campus, W/D, balcony, porch. Furnished if wanted. $490/mo + cable. Electricity paid for. Call 321-508-9413 4-4-5-3 May-Aug sublese for female; 1bed/1bath in 3bed/2bath; May free; $350/month incl electric, internet, cable; close to campus; furnished; call Sara 281-0567 4-5-5-3 Male to sublease IBR/1BA in 4BR/4BA @ Gainesville Place. May -Aug. $400/mo. Furnished, all included. Call Juan 850-3396007 or email matanga@ufl.edu. 4-5-5-3 $376 1BR/share 1BA in 4BR/3BA Campus Club Apts. Poolside building. June, July, Aug. lease. Call 352-870-3234 or email prsper@gmail.com for further information Ask for Jay. 4-5-5-3 $350 for everything! 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA apt in Countryside. All util incl. Water, elec, cable, hi spd i-net. Near pool. Great roommmates & living room furn. Avail starting May. Call Bing 352-275-4296 4-5-5-3 WALK TO CAMPUS 1BR/1BA in a 2BR/2BA apt 3 blocks N of campus. Female only avail May-Aug. Aug rent paid! W/D, DW incl. $450 OBO month + 1/2 util. Call Jessica 772-475-5369 4-5-5-3 Sublease: Big 1BD/1BA in 4/4 apt. Near SFCC. Place is at front of complex. Includes utils., cable, washer + dryer, furnished, $399. Call Eric for details (352) 209-3516. 4-6-5-3 Summer sublease avail. May-Aug for $295/ mo. 1 BR/ 1BA in 3/3. Call Brittany at 239699-4594. 4-20-15-3 1 Block to UF. 1227 SW 4th Ave, Apt. #1 1or 2BR in 3BR apt. First BR $350, Second BR $370. Call Richard 331-0590, or 5145060 cell. 4-13-10-3 Take over lease 1BR/1BA apt. April to July $440/mo. Option to renew. Near campus. (Frederich Gardens). Call 870-1319. 46-5-3 Summer Sublease. 2 min Walk to Smathers. May-July 1 BR. apt. $400/mo. Vegetarian wanted. Call Ravi 375-6597. 4-6-5-3 2 Bed 1 Bath Sublease in historic downtown Gainesville. Avail. ASAP. Call 352-256-4067 to out details. 4-13-10-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA house, $340/ negotiable, all util incl, W/D, furnished if needed, Shady Forest (behind hilton) Maymid Aug. Call Josh 850-830-1314 4-7-6-3 Monticello 3BR/2.5BA. 4942 NW 1st Place. $1150/mo clubhouse, pool, busline. Avail April to Aug. Call Union Properties 373-7578 4-13-10-3 Royal Village 1BR in 4BR/2BA apt. 1/2 mi to campus. Avail April to Aug. $440/mo incl all utils. Call Colleen 941-720-0844. 4-13-10-3 Summer sbulease. 1/1 or 2/2. Fully furnished. EVERYTHING inc. $365/mo. Each room. Females only. 352-271-1320. Leave message. 4-7-5-3 1BR Avail after May 1st. $439/mo on 20 bus. Call 352-359-0663. E-mail: trytowin38@hotmail.com. You can keep the deposit. Near to Butler Plaza and grocery stores. Contact me! 4-14-10-3 Master BR w/BA avail from May 1st to July 26th in 2BR/2BA apt in Bellamy Grand. $427.50/mo. Must be professional or responsible. Small pets ok. W/D, DW. Fitness center, pool. 352-225-1425 4-7-5-3 Female 1BR/1BA @ Countryside. May 8 -Aug 5 w/Aug free. $393/mo all util incl. Fully furn, 9, 35 bus. Pool, gym. Call Lauren 352870-9902 4-11-7-3 2BR/1BA apt available. May 15th $589/mo. Homestead 352-335-1572 or 239-671-8399 4-14-10-3 1BR/1BA summer sublease for female in a 4BR/4BA apt @ University Club $400/mo Ind utils. Avail May 1 to Aug 8. Contact @ 813727-3407 4-7-5-3 $100 CASH 2BR/2BA in The Estates for 2006-2007 school year. $555/mo util incl. Call 954-2909169 4-7-5-3 Summer sublease!! Located close to campus at Windsor Hall. Girl roommate needed. Fridge, own bathroom, pool, workout room, study lounges and laundry on each floor. Call Cara @ 256-426-4118 4-7-5-3 Oakbrook Walk. 1BR/1BA in 2/2. 1st floor poolside. Walk to campus! All util incl. Cable + internet, Wash/dry, furnished for $375/mo May -Augl 585-507-2601 4-14-10-3 Lexington Crossings Spacious 1BR/1 BA in a 4BR. Washer/Dryer. Gym & Pool $300 a month May-Aug. Call 305-323-5967 or Guy98@ufl edu 4-14-10-3 Roommates Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-26-72-4 Female roommate for one/two female UF students. Quiet. Responsible. 60 second walk to UF. Old house charm with all amenities. Avail Now. $400 -up. 352-538-2181.Lv message. Private Owner 4-26-72-4 Need roommates for my huge home! Choose master BR or reg. room. Fun home w/ W/D, bar, hi-spd, cable, big porch! Near UF, 2 bus rts. -$400+ utils. 335-4533 davem@ufl.edu 4-12-60-4 Female roommate wanted 2BR/2.5BA $465 +1/2 util/mo Cable/phone/HS int., AC, alarm, DW, W/D, parking, pool, gym, bus stop, near campus. Non-smoking 407-782-2105 46-36-4 Female roommate wanted in 3/3 in rockwood Villas. $500/MO Available now! Call Jen 954-295-9211 4-26-48-4 **ROOMMATES NEEDED ASAP** To share w/grad student. 3BR/2BA new townhome. Bus to UF, pool, gym volleyball, tennis courts, gated -$350/mo + util. Call 727-729-1561 or celtic67@ufl.edu 4-10-30-4 **FEMALE ROOMMATE SEEKING SAME ASAP** PrivateBed/Bath in a 2BR/2BA apt. Fully furnished in Unversity Commons West. Avail. now through August $375.00/ mo. 352-258-1184. 4-11-25-4 FEMALE ROOMMATES WANTED. Fully furn. new home. Close to UF, bus stops nearby, huge pool & backyard. Wireless internet, HBO cable, sec. aim, util. incl. $500/ mo. Jacqueline 395-7462 or 941-780-3526 4-26-22-4 $250 room for rent. Close to UF. Cool house, great student roommates, flexible lease. Easy move in costs. 941-870-3425 4-4-10-4 Avail May 2 rooms in large house, 1 blk from 13th & University. $300 + split until. Sec dep, NS, no pets. Contact gvii32601@gmail.com or leave message at 904-513-1431 .4-2626-4 4BR/3BA brand new home, W/D, cable and high speed internet, $380 + shared utilities. 8 min from UF Law School, prefer professionals, SFCC/UF postdoctors & students. Call 333-7521 after 6pm or 858-243-8886 (cell) 4-4-10-4 College-aged roommate needed to share 410 sq.ft. upstairs master suite in newlyremodeled 4/3 2200 sq. ft. house. DirecTV,, wireless DSL, parking, security, near Bus Rte 2. $375/mo all Inc. Relaxed atmosphere' great study environment. Chris 283-3464. 4-4-10-4 Available June 1. Large room. Hardwood firs. w/pri BA. M/F, 5 mins. to UF. Sparkling home in Kirkwood. 6-12 mo lease. W/D, nicely decorated-new paint, furn/unfur. $425/mo +util. 352-375-6996 or 352-284-0979. 4-18-20-4 Summer lease. 2 rooms in 4BR/4BA condo. W/D, pool, full kitchen, bus lines. Avail May 1-July 31. $325. John 786-436-1657 4-5-10-4 1 Rm in 4 BR/ 4 BA Countryside Apt. Close to UF on bus rt. W/D, utils., cable w/HBO, and DSL incl. $400/mo. No deposit. F only NS. Call 954-328-2021. 4-6-10-4 Two females looking for 'tidy female. Casablanca West. Two miles from UF. Close to bus stop $500/mo includes utilitie&. No smoking or pets. 352-846-8168 or 561-3297231 4-4-7-4 Roommate needed to share 2BR/2BA Vintage View condo w/grad student. Quiet and 'clean community. $495/mo includes all utils., wireless internet & cable Call Matt 407-702-8019 4-21-20-4 Need roommate to share 2BR/1BA condo with yard & deck in nice residential area with male grad student $400/MOall util incl.cable/int lneal67@yahoo.com 309-868-2234 4-14-15-4 Two roommates needed! 4BR/2BA house w/fun & clean UF students. Furnished house (.8 miles from campus.) $375/MO & 1/4 utilizes. To contact please call 941-650-7164 4-7-10-4 Room for rent, W/D, phone, satelite TV, big yard. Safe neighborhood $300/mo Call Mike 352-372-7387 4-7-10-4 Avail immediately! M/F needed for spacious BR in 3BR/2BA house located seconds to Butler Plaza. #12 bus rte. Pet friendly. Giant, fenced-in pvt backyard. $300/mo + 1/3 utils. No sec dep! Meghan 352-871-6922. 47-10-4 Room w/private bath for rent in 3BR/2BA house. Close to campus. Available immediately. $525/mo incl. internet, util, cable. No smoking, no pets. 352-871-6562 4-3-5-4 ENJOY A ROMANTIC OLD HOUSE near library downtown. $285 -$360/rm + util. Free internet access. Short term. No pets. No smoking. 378-1304 4-26-22-4 All Inclusive 1 BR/priv bath in house off Tower Rd. $650 ind util, cbl/phone/internet, garage w/opener, W/D, pet friendly, quiet. Avail 4/22. Call 3595554 4-4-5-4 PRIVATE AND LUXURIOUS 2BR avail in 3/.25 spacious north Gainesville home. $400 + 1/3 util each. Avail summer/ fall. 954-649-2690 4-26-20-4 UF male to share 2BR/2.5BA townhouse. Walking distance to campus. W/D. $425/mo + 1/2 utils. Call 1-877-833-2865 4-5-4-4 WANTED: Earth Angel to share 3BR/1BA with fenced, yard. Must have goddess energy! Looking for fellow "earth angel". Must enjoy sprited animals. $350/mo +utils. Call Janessa to set up interview time 339-2212. 4-3-2-4 SHARE 2BR/2BA in Clayton Est. $200 N/R dep. $350/mo or $100/wk. Incl. util. Handyman can work off portion. Need vehicle. Caged pets ok. Police I.D. req. Only interest need apply. Donna 331-2344. 46-5-4 Furnished room w/pvt bath. University Terrace Gainesville. W/D, A/C, cable, internet. $350/mo. Call 352-472-9778 or 305299-3485 4-7-5-4 Male, NS, non-drinking, quiet, needda&o share 3/3 furnished apt. at Rockwood Villa. All util included except phone. No pets. $430/ mo. 407-766-7103 or 321-331-7411. Avail in Aug. 4-14-10-4 2 roommates needed to share large NW home 1.5 mi to UF. $425/mo incl internet, utils & cable. No smokers, no pets. 284-0771 4-7-5-4 Classifieds. Continued on next page. 

PAGE 12

12, ALLIGATOR E MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 E tate Estate Real Estate FurIshings Furisiings Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CL4SSIFIEDS! Reach over 24,000 possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone. Please Call 373-Find Quad-, Tri-, or Duplex w/pvt parking, extra land, 60 sec walk to UF. Exc cond. House 3/4BR, 2BA, wd firs, covered prch, concrete patio, garage/work-shop. Pvt Owner. 352538-2181 lv mssg 4-26-72-5 NEW PRE-CONSTRUCTION AND EXISTING CONDOS NEAR UF AT AFFORDABLE PRICES Visit www.mattpricerealtor.com or call Today Matt Price 352-281-3551 Campus Realty 4-26-115-5 *NEW JACKSON SQUARE* Spectacular university views. Walk to UF & the stadium. Classic New Orleans appeal with state-of-the-art luxury. Reserve today. 52 units available. Starting in mid-200's. Call Eric Wild 870-9453 4-26-72-5 Great homes close to UF STOP Renting. Buy now. FREE LIST OF HOMES www.Homes-Near-UF.com Campus Realty Group 4-26-72-5 Hot Student Condos Near UF Save Thousands When You Buy Now FREE LIST OF UF CONDOS www.Condos-Near-UF.com Campus Realty Group 4-26-52-5 2 4BR/4BA's FOR SALE BY OWNER. Countryside and University Terrace. Near pool. Great location. On bus line. 2 miles from campus 407-620-1555 4-26-45-5 2BR/2BA CONDO in beautiful Treehouse Village. Less than 2 mi from campus. Will sell furnished. $115,900. Call Scott Hancock, Campus Realty for more info. 352-359-1678 4-5"25 Bike to UF Only $268,000 New construction, near campus 3BR/2BA 1701 sq ft. 2 car garage. Peartree Realty, Inc. Realtor (352)335-3802 4-5-20-5 LOOKING TO BUYA CONDO? Do your homework; check out: www.CollegeCondominiums.com. One stop shop with direct links to sites. Fast, Free, & Easy. LOOK HERE FIRST. 4-26-34-5 2BR/1 BA condo located close to UF, Shands, and VA. A must see starting at $89,000. Two different complexes to choosefrom. Call Kenny Gibbs with Campus Realty at 352494-0012 4-10-20-5 Many homes and condominiums near UF available. Please call Kenny Gibbs with Campus Realty at 352-494-0012. 4-10-20-5 Great 4BR/3BA home with in-law suite just off NW 34th St. A must see at only $229, 900. Call Kenny Gibbs with Campus Realty at 352-494-0012 4-10-20-5 Nice 3BR/2BA home close to UF and Shands just off of Williston Rd. in SW Gainesville. A great neighborhood for only $215,000. Call K&Mity Gibbs with Campus Realty at 352494-0012 4-10-20-5 2BR/2BA condo in Treehouse Village, 111 SE 16th Ave, close to UF, new. carpet, furnished, very well maintained, 874 sq ft, $114,900. Call Nirav Patel 561-506-4155 or 271-7055 4-3-15-5 JUST WHAT YOU'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR.: 4BR/3BA, 1500 sq ft home only 10 min to UF. Priced @ $182,000. Count On Compean for ALL your real estate needs. ERA Trend Realty 352-745-6118 4-11-20-5 INCREDIBLE LOCATION! Summit House Condos, newly renovated 1 and 2 BR units starting at $99,900 (as-is at $86,900). Steps away from Shands, VA, Dental, Vet. Med, Health Sci., etc. & heart of UF. $3,000 Closing Cost Credit w/ Preferred Lenders. Call Coldwell Banker M.M. Parrish Realtors at 352-372-5375 or at onsite office 352-3762410. 4-26-28-5 Magnolia Place: 1,2 & 3 bedroom luxury townhomes. Within a gated community in the heart of NW Gainesville. Bordered by wild wetlands and nature preserve. Variety of floor plans and sizes available priced from $149,700 to the low $200,000's. Seller pays $8000 in Closing Costs, Upgrades and Bonuses! Contact Coldwell Banker M.M. Parrish Realtors at 352-372-5375 or at onsite office 352-377-4977. 4-26-28-5 3/2 home in NW Gainesville neighborhood. Great condition nw/1 car garage and fenced yard. Convenient to UF/Shands. $167,000. Please call for Appt. 352-373-8176. 4-1820-5 View 50+ DIFFERENT CONDOS NEAR UF Online at www.ufcondominiums.com. 1 new listing 3 blocks from UF at 835 SW 9th St. Call Eric Leightman with Action Real Estate -352-219-2879 4-18-20-5 2BR/2BA CONDO for JUST **$135k** Right off Archer Road at University Commons West. View TODAY. Call Eric Leightman with Action Real Estate 352-219-2879. 4-18-30-5 Graduating? Need to sell your house or condo? Call Kate today! Recent UF grad, student housing specialist. Kate Wallis, ERA Trend Realty, 359-1112. 4-26-26-5 Tired of renting? Why waste $$ on an apt.? Invest in a home of your own! Call Kate Wallis, ERA Trend Realty, 359-1112. Seller Pays commision! 4-26-26-5 University Terrace Gainesville. 4BR/4BA condo. W/D, pool, buslines, great location. Leased through July. $179, $500. John 786436-1657. 4-13-10-5 Malore Gardens 5506 SW 17th Ct. 4/2, FL Km in/Wet Bar New Septic System $259,900 386-462-5653 or 386-462-5400 4-21-20-5 NEED HELP BUYING A HOUSE NEAR UF?? Call Jeff Osgard at 352-262-9119 Campus Realty. 4-3-5-5 GRANTWOOD CONDOMINIUM 2508 SW 35th Place A gated community located minutes from the University of Florida Campus, Shands and downtown Gainesville Currently under construction 2 bedroom 2.5 bath town home floor plans, Units Starting at $174,900.00 Contact Venture Realty of N. Florida Inc. Agent Maria "Birdie" Pla Murnane, Realtor Office (352) 331-1111; Cell (352) 222-8888 www.venture-realty.com, email: venturegnv@msn.com 4-3-5-5 Enjoy your own private patio in a Completely Renovated 1, 2, or 3 bedroom Cazabella condo across 34th St from UF campus. Walk, bike or bus to any part of campus within Minutes. Prices starting in the low $100,000's. For more info visit www.Cazabella.com or contact Coldwell Banker M.M. Parrish Realtors (352-373-3583), Becky Cato (352264-3121) or Cindy Birk (352-264-3141). 4-26-21-5 INCOME PRODUCING 4/4 Condo @ Countryside. Fully furnished, rented, & appliances. POOL VIEW in $190s. Call SIDNEY 770-851-1292. 4-26-21-5 ENJOY DOWNTOWN LIVING in adorable 2BR/1BA condo. 2 condos available. 4 blks E of Hippodrome 5min to UF. 923 sq ft w/ gorgeous Italian tile throughout. $101,099. Call Liberty Phoenix w/Prudential Preferred Properties of Gainesville 224-1243 4-6-5-5 BRANDYWINE 2/2 1226 sq ft. $120,000 appraisal 2006. Range, refrigerator/dishwasher. Call Bettye Stoney Allen 352-318-3931. Century 21 John Merrill. MLS262907 414-10-5 F5uinishings BED-Queen, orthopedic, extra thick, pillowtop, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Sacrifice $110. Call 352-372-7490 will deliver. 4-26-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Sacrifice $75. Call 352-377-9846 4-26-72-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $2300. Sacrifice $550 352-372-7490 4-26-72-6 BED -King Pillowtop mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Sell $170. Call 352-372-8588 Can deliver. 426-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed. Cost $1500, sacrifice $550 352-333-7516 Sofa $175 Brand new in pkg 333-7516 4-26-72-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1400 (352) 372-7490 4-26-72-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Call 352-377-9846 4-26-72-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still-in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-372-8588 4-2672-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. New, in box. $140 332-9899 DINETTE SET 5pc $85 Brand new in box. Never used. 352-377-9846 4-26-72-6 Beds, Futons, Furniture, King Sealy sets $299; new sofas for $299; oak futons $169; sofa & loveseat $399; dinettes, desks, all on sale *New Location* 140 NW 6th St Morrells Furniture Outlet. 352-378-3400 4-26-72-6 BRAND NEW FURNITURE OSOOShop On-line68OO Mattress Sets $169 5pc. Bedroom Sets $495 And Much More! Delivered to your door! www.gowfb.com -Check it out! Or call (352) 376-1600 4-26-72-6 Bed -All New Queen orthopedic pillow-top mattress & box set. Still in plastic with warranty. Can Deliver. $130 (352) 264,9799 4-26-72-6 Bed -$100 Alt New Full size orthopedic mattress set. Brand new, still in plastic, w/ warranty. Can Deliver.352-376-1600 4-26-72-6 BEDROOM SET -$395 BRAND NEW! Stil in boxes! HB, 2NS, Dresser, Mirror.chest avail. Must see to appreciate! Can Deliver 352-264-9799 4-26-72-6 Dinette Set -$125 Brand New 5 pc set in box, never used! Can Deliver 494-0333 Sofa -$225 BRAND NEW! MICROFIBER! Still in package! Will sell with loveseat -$395 for set! Can Del. 376-1600 FUTON-$80BRAND NEW Futon mattress, still in package! Sold with oak Futon, both for $160. Can Deliver 352-494-0333 426-72-6 Pool Table -Gorgeous 8' Alt wood table. Leather pockets, Italian 1' slate, carved legs. Br. New still in crate. Cost $4,500. Sell $1,350. Can Deliver. 264-9799 4-26-72-6 Hot Tub/Spa -$1795.00 Brand New Loaded! Waterfall, LED lights, cup-holders, 110v energy efficient with warranty. Free -Delivery. 264-9799 4-26-72-6 **BEDS -ALL BRAND NEW-" **Full $80 Queen $100 King $170** Orthopedic pillow-top sets. Brand name matching sets not used or refurbished. Still in plastic, direct from factory! 352-333-7516. 4-26-72-6 BEDQUEEN New orthopedic pillowtop mattress and boxspring set. Brand name, brand new, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $100 352-377-9846. 4-26-72-6 BedAll New King! 3pc Orthopedic pillowtop mattress set. Brand NEW, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $170 352-333-7516. 4-26-72-6 Bedroom Set$300 BRAND NEW. Still in boxes! 6 pieces include: Headboard, 2 Nightstands, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-26-72-6 FUTON -$60 Solid Oak Mission Style. With plush mattress $140. All brand NEW still in box. Can deliver. 352-333-7516 4-26-72-6 Pool Table -Gorgeous 8" All wood table. Leather pockets, Italian 1" slate, carved legs. Brand new still in crate. MUST SELL Retail $5500. Sell $950. Can deliver 352-377-9846 4-26-72-6 Hot Tub/Spa -$1295 Brand New Loaded! Waterfall, LED lights, cupholders, 110-v energy efficient with warranty. Free delivery, MUST SELL 352-372-8588 4-26-72-6 Bed-FULL size pillowtop mattress & box. New, in plastic, warr. Can del. $80 317-4031 Sofa $185 Brand new! Love seat $150 still in pkg. Can del 352-333-7516 4-26-72-6 FUTONS e BEDS .FURNITURE LOW PRICES & LARGE SELECTION Dumas Discount 371-4422 1201 E. Univ. Av. New 0 Used 0 Buy 0 Sell 4-26-72-6 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" II %e I a I U U I S L 0 Uip ml I I p p p a r U I p I 

PAGE 13

MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 0 ALLIGATOR, 13 FuraisinIgs F r Sale Autos Help Wanted A Help Wanted BED SETS CLOSEOUTS Sealed in plastic Twin sets $89. Full sets $129. Queen sets $149. King sets $189. 352376-0953 or 352-378-6005 4-26-63-6 MEMORY FOAMSame as Temperpedic. Save 50% & more. Other closeouts. Twin sets $89. Full sets $129. Queen sets $149. King sets $189. Student discounts apply. 4370 SW 20th Ave. 376-0953 We Deliver! 4-26-63-6 OBeds OFull mattress & boxspring sets $49 Queen sets $89 OSingle sets$39 OKing sets $99 Ofrom estate sale. 376-0939/3786005 Call-A-Mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave. 4-26-63-6 1 couch, 1 loveseat, 1 cocktail table, 1 oftoman. All blue coushions, excellent condition. ALSO Skytech walker. Call 352-373-9709. $200 for all. 4-3-4-6 Computers CASH PAID For Laptops Sales/Service 336-0075. Power Supplies & Drives. Joel www.pcrecycle.biz 9-4-72-7 4-26-68-7 GATORNERD.COM -Computer/ laptop repair -Virus, spyware, hardware -Fix it for $44!! -Home/ dorm 352-219-2980 4-26-68-7 A + 8-16-89-7 Computer Help Fast A+ Computer Geek House/Dorm 59 min response. No waiting/ unplugging/hassels. $30 Gator discount w/ ID. Certified MCSE Technicians. 333-8404. www.AComputerGeek.com 8-16-89-7 "COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS" Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-26-56-7 12-6-118-7 Easy, Inexpensive, Guaranteed Computer Solutions Inc 352-371-2230 www.gainesvillecsi.com Refer to this ad for 10% off 12-6-118-7 Electronics Pioneer 12" Subwoofers 1000 watts. Mounted in dark grey boxes. Mint cond. $175 Call 376-3970 Cash only. 4-3-6-8 Bicycles In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds Friends don't let friends drive drunk. PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-26-72-10 Chrome Rims $350 OBO. Fits 15 inch tires with 4 lugs. Rims are in good conditon and very shiny. Wheel locks included. Call 352331-9661 and leave a message. 4-7-5-10 rMo0torcycle-sI Mo peds ** SCOOTERS ** RPM MOTORCYCLES INC SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-26-72-11 Swamp Cycles 534 SW 4th Ave. Largest Selection of E-bikes, Scooters, Accessories and more!! Best Prices and Customer Servicell .www.swampcycles.com 4-26-72-11 ***SOLANO CYCLE*** Scooters from $699. Largest selection KYMCO, Vento, Hyosung, Keen & many others. Financing avail. 3550 SW 34th St. 338-8450 solanocycle.com 4-26-72-11 *NEW SCOOTERS 4 LESS* Owned by Gator grads. 1901 NW 67 PI 352-336-1271 www.newscooters4less.com Best prices in Gainesville. WilI beat all Gville competitor's prices on similar models. 426-72-11 ***GatorMoto*** Our new state of the art facility is now open! We will repair any brand of scooter and we have some of the cheapest labor rates around! Pick up/dropoff available. 6921 NW 22nd St. 376-6275 4-26-35-11 '05 SUZUKI GSXR 600 2900 miles. Never laid down. Black & white. Good condition. $7400 OBO. Call 305-3330958. 4-4-1011 **CASH PAID for MOTORCYCLES ** SCOOTERS, in ANY condition new or used. Running or not. Titles or not. Prompt pick up Call ANYTIME: 352-441-0442 Please leave a message. 4-26-26-11 SCOOTER 2006 VERUCCI Suzuki powered 50cc. Lots of storage compartments. Perfect condition. Runs excellent. Only $675. Call 641-6018. 4-7-13-11 *IAutEsZ FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CAR@ *Running or not!* NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS *Over 10 yr svc to UF students *Call Don @ 215-7987 4-26-72-12 CARS -CARS BuyOSellOTrade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-26-72-12 **QUICK CASH** For CR, TRUCKS & MOTORCYCLES Buy, Sell or Trade 1992 & up only Call Ray 352-284-8619 4-26-72-12 OVER 50 IMPORTS UNDER $10,000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.selectmotorcar.us 4-26-72-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! HONDAS, CHEVYS, TOYOTAS, ETC. For listings 800-749-8116 ext 4622 4-2672-12 BEST CARS e LOWEST PRICES WE BUY CARS www.39thaveimports.com 4-26-70-12 SUN CITYAUTO Test drive any vehicle and eGETA 3 DAY, 2 NIGHT VACATION* Ask for details 338-1999 4-26-62-12 1998 TOYOTA CAMRY LE Asking $3500. 95k. Well maintained. Call Laura @ 352-258-2029. 4-13-10-12 2000 Silver CRV LX Sport utility. 1 Owner. All records. 89,500 mi $7,300. Good condition. 2 W.D. 215-8154. 4-6-5-12 2005 HONDAACCORD LX Black 4 door, 4 cyl. Take over payments. $21,295.00. 352-481-6069 4-6-4-12 Wanted THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY NEEDS VOLUNTEER DRIVERS Transport patients to/from treatments Must have valid driver's license, safe driving record & attend training session. Call 352-376-6866 ext 114 for more info. Gardening Companion, wanted for blind lady on Saturday mornings would need transportation to go to Angel Gardens hopefully living in the Tower Road area. Call 352-219-6948 4-14-59-13 On going volunteer needed: Blind lady need trans on Sundays only to Mass @ Queen of Peace Catholic Church or St. Augustine Catholic Church. For more info. call 219-6948 I live in the Tower Rd. area 4-14-59-13 LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: Gold Diamonds Gems Class Rings ETC Top Cash $$$ or Trade OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY 373-9243. 4-2657-13 WANTED Female for 2hr stationary engineering study in car, around 510", 145 lbs. $50. Call ASAP. Leave message indicating exact height/weight 375-8710 4-7-6-13 WANTED FORD F150 pick-up truck, 1997 to 2004 for 2 hr stationary engineering study. 1999 preferred. $50. Call ASAP leave message 375-8710 4-7-6-13 Hlp'Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings 0 the independent florida alligatoakr What's black and white and "read" all-over??? The Independent Florida Alligator and you can be part of the sales team of the largest college newspaper in the country by applying to be come an ADVERTISING INTERN (this is a non-paid spring position requiring 10-12 hours per week) possibly leading to a paid sales position) If you are a UF or SFCC student available to work both spring & summer and are eager to gain valuable sales experience, stop by the Alligator. 1105 W. University Avenue, to fill out an application and a class schedule by April 7, 2006. We will contact you for an interview opportunity to get your career jump started! EEO/AA. 4-7-13-14 LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, pers ref. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-26-72-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard working person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. Will train, PT to start with more hrs possible. Start at $6.50/hr. Flex hrs. Please call 495-9024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-26-72-14 CNA CLASS: Learn @ your own time and pace. Everything you need to be a CNA and pass the state exam is on VCR tape. 95% pass the state exam the 1st time! $250. Call 800-566-4913 Hrs: 12N to 5PM 4-26-72-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 Call now! 426-72-14 Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and IT needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at. www.gleim.com/ employment 4-26-72-14 $$ STUDENTS GET CASH $$ For gently used brand name Clothing/accessories & furniture $Cash on the Spot$ SANDY'S No appt necessary! 2906 NW 13th St 372-1226 426-72-14 BARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-26-72-14 SECRET SHOPPERS Needed for evaluations of Local Stores, Restaurants and Theaters Flexible Hours, E-mail required Call 1-800-585-9024 ext 6254 4-26-72-14 EARN $60 THIS WEEK! Donate Plasma & Save a Life Best part-time job you'll ever have. NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St. 352-378-9204 4-26-72-14 GATORSNEEDJOBS.COM We need Paid Survey Takers in Gainesville. 100% FREE to join. Click on Surveys. 4-26-72-14 Telephone Interviewing NO SALES $7.50/hr ($8 Bi-lingual) + BONUS Apply @ UF Survey Research Center M-F 9am-9pm 408 W University Ave. Suite 106, Tel. 392-2908 x105 Must work eve/wknd 4-26-72-14 GATOR DOMINOS $10 -15/Hour DRIVERS $6.15 -$7.15/Hour INSIDERS $35K-$50K/year MANAGERS Apply online at www.gatordominos.com Or at any of the 6 locations. 4-26-72-14 GATOR DOMINO'S is now hiring delivery experts & outgoing, friendly customer svc reps. Apply online or at our Jonesville location at 14300 W. Newberry Rd. No exp necessary. Will train the right people! 333-3333 426-72-14 $100 EACH NIGHT Guaranteed 13th St. or University Ave Domino's now hiring 10 drivers. Closing drivers earn $100 to $125 each night. Apply @ 3311 W.University. 377-4992. or 2106 SW 13th St. 373-2337 4-26-72-14 Summer Jobs 0$2100 OCo-Ed Camp OSeven weeks ORoom and Board Included Get Paid to Playl The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs male and female Summer Camp Counselors ages 18 and up. FEYC is an overnight camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL The camp runs June 5-July22 Please contact Krys Ragland at -1-800-523-1673 ext 251 or 352-669-9443 ext 251 4-26-72-14 DRIVER OPPORTUNITY Gatorfood.com Earn between $12-$20/hr! Make your own schedule. Fun environment, great opportunity. For info contact Julian 379-3663 4-13-64-14 MARIO & LUIGI'S PIZZA Now hiring Flyer Distributors $7.50/hr, Drivers $1012/hr, Pizzamakers $7/hr Apply at 3468 W. University Ave. Call 376-6433 or 871-3368 4-26-72-14 Call center needs experienced telephone agents for all shifts 24 hours 1830 NE 2nd St. Apply in person M-F 9am-4pm 4-26-71-14 FREELANCE ONLINE TUTORS WANTED Work from the convenience of your location. Brainfuse is provider of supplemental services to US students grade 3-12. Send resumes to jobs@brainfuse.com *Bilingual preferred. 4-26-56-14 PARAIGM Naar nusvhrreyou vant sn hes Leasing Consultant, PT Sales & customer sevice exp. Flexible hours, Great pay Growing & Dynamic Co. Career Advancement! EOE, DFWP 352-375-2152 X301 email: employment@teamparadigm.com www.teamparadigm.com 4-26-55-14 400 counselors & instuctors needed! Co-ed summer camps in Poconos, PA. Top salary, travel paid, best staff. Apply @ www.lohikan.com or call 1-800-488-4321 4-26-55-14 SUMMER COUNSELORS YMCA CAMP MCCONNELL is looking for male/female counselors for coed, over-ngiht summer camp. Must live on-site. Salary + room and board. Call 352-466-3587 3-1615-14 COUNSELORS Camp Wekiza, Wekiza ,Springs State Park, Apopka, FL Residential Environmental Summer Camp. Orientation 6/6-9. Boys' camp 6/10-24. Girls' camp 6/247/22. Contact mj.meherg@worldneltt.net 4-26-41-14 UPBEAT, OUTGOING HOSTESS to invite & greet guests, at Jewell's. 4 positions avail, $7/hr ALSO BARTENDERS & WAITRESSES. Apply in person M-F, 25pm, 108 S. Main St. 4-14-30-14 PINCH-A-PENNEY Customer Service Sales Stock. Apply in Person 7100 W. University Ave. or 5010 NW 34th St 4-4-20-14 $ DANCERS $ Apply in person only Thur. thru Sat. 8:30 PM, 2212 SW 13th St. TRADERS. 4-4-20-14 Brand Protection Agency Internet Researchers needed for our Gainesville office. Pay starts at 8.00/hr. Exp. in MS Office, and Internet. FT 9AM-6PM (M-F) PT Negotiable. Resumes@NetEnforcers.com 4-4-20-14 ARC of Alachua County, Inc. Apply at: 3303 NW 83rd St., or fax resume to: 352-334-4030, or email alapage@arcalachua.org EOE, Drug Free Residentail Habilitation Tech: Looking for caring, honest & energetic persons to assist developmentally disabled adults and children. 2yr. education or 2yrs. exp. working w/developmentally disabled, children or elderly. Flexible scheduling/job sharing opportunities 4-7-22-14 DELIVERY DRIVERS Earn up to $12/hr. 0 ALSO KITCHEN HELP $6.50/hr. Call California Chicken Grill 3782442 4-26-34-14 Experienced SHIFT RUNNERS needed. Apply after 5pm at 3458 W University Ave. MARIO & LUIGI'S PIZZA 871-3368 4-7-20-14 Classifieds. Continued on next page. 

PAGE 14

14, ALLIGATOR N MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 Hep anedHep anedHelp Wanted Help Wanted Help Wanted GREAT PAY FOR THOSE WHO STAY! Park Place Car Wash is looking for hard workers for all positions. Cashiers (fullday availablity) & line workers (AM 8:30-1 & PM 12-6 shifts avail) 15-40hrs-your choice. Great work environment. Apply in person. 7404 NW4th Blvd. Across from Home Depot. No calls please 6-1-37-14 HELP WANTEDValid driver's license required. Local moving and storage company. Apply at 505 NW 53rd Ave. Gainesville -3744791 5-30-34-14 TCG Phone Reps needed ASAP evenings sod Sat. Mest be articulate and reliable 371-5888 ext 111 or 4112 NW 22sd Dr. 4-18-20-14 PT CLEANERS No experience necessary. No weekends. Excellent pay. Call 378-8252 4-3-10-14 Childcare provider starting May. Afterschool pick-up. Full time from June to Aug. Must be energetic, great attitude & enjoy children. Required: non-smoker, swimmer & outdoor activities. Please call 317-0625 to discuss details. Job location near Haile Plantation. 4-4-10-14 Cashiers, photographers & Easter bunnies to work photo promotion at the Oaks Mall. Call 800-285-6783 4-4-10-14 Web Programming Contractor ASP, ASP.net, VB Script, C#, SQL knowledge. $25+ per hour. Email resume to: jobs@352media.com 4-26-26-14 Camp Counselors needed for great overnight camps 'in the Pocono Mtns. of PA. Gain valuable experience while working with children in the outdoors. Teach/assist with athletics, swimming, A&C, drama, pilates, archery, gymnastics, scrapbooking, ropes course, nature, and much more. Office & Nanrypositions also available. Apply on -line at www.pineforestcamp.com. 4-26-26-14 HIRING LIFEGUARDS at $7.25/hr, SWIM INSTRUCTORS at $7.60/hr. Call 352-393-8358 for more information and training schedule. 8-10-49-14 LANDSCAPERS NEEDED FT/PT 0 VALID DRIVER'S LICENSE A MUST 0 Call 352-222-1904. 4-26-26-14 Learn to earn executive level pay. Work from your location. Call now 352-380-7085. a lifeofabundancecow. 4-4-10-14 DELIVERY DRIVERS & EXPERIENCED PIZZA MAKERS. Must be available to work late nights & weekends. Apply in person @ 5 STAR PIZZA, 2300 NW 39th Ave. 4-4-10-14 G8RBAY.comw 0 Get Paid & Have Fun 0 Flexible Hrs & Competitive $ HTML Java Flash Exp. Transportation Required 0 Resume To g8rbay@bellsouth.net 4-4-10-14 Nanny wanted for 1.5 year old boy. Mon -Fri 7:30am-5:30pm. FT/PT. Experience preferred. Non-smoking. Email resume and references to mickinflorida@cox.net. 4-410-14 a Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. Call 373-FIND. I'VE HAD IT WITH YOUR LOUD MUSIC! Is your roommate driving you crazy? Find a replacement in the Alligator Classifieds! Your roommate hasn't done the dishes in How long?! Find a better dishwasher in the Alligator Classifieds. Oak Hammock at the University of Florida Hire GreatAttitudes Onlyf!! Environmental Services is currently recruiting for the following positions: Maintenance Assistant-FT Drywall repair, paint, light electrical and plumbing experience. Maintenance Technician-FT Strong electrical background and experience working in all phases of general building maintenance. Maintenance Technician-FT Strong mechanical background ; experience with heat pumps, plumbing and light electrical boilers and cooling towers. Lawn Equipment Operators -FT 3Full-time Openings Familiar with all aspects of landscaping including use of equipment; 2 years landscaping exp. preferred. Willing to train those with the right attitude and willing to learn. Hourly Wage $8.00 -$10.00; based on yrs of exp. Floor Technician (weekends included and weekly day shifts) -FT : Maintains all hard surface floor finish by dust mopping; damp or wet mopping; scrubbing; spray buffing; top coating; stripping and refinishing. Maintains carpet appearance by vacuuming, spotting and shampooing by either bonnet or extraction method. Oak Hammock at the University offers competitive wages, uniforms, excellent work environment, and benefits (health, dental, LTD, life, paid time off, paid holidays & 401K match). 5100 SW 25th Blvd Gainesville, FL 32608 Oak Hammock is a DFWP/EOE! careers@oakhammock.org Jobline: 352-548-1180 4-4-10-14 Oak Hammock at the University of Florida Hire Great Attitudes Onlyl!! Dining Services is currently recruiting for the following position: Waitstaff Full-time Must be able to work various shifts. Hiring smiles and great attitudes to wait tables in our resort style retirement community. No experience necessary; willing to train those with the right attitude and commitment to providing excellent customer service. Flexible schedules offered and guaranteed hourly rate of pay. Apply in person; 5100 SW 25th Blvd Gainesville, Florida 32608 Oak Hammock is a DFWP/EOE! Fax:352-548-1049 4-4-10-14 NOW HIRING. ALL POSITIONS. ZAXBY'S ON 43RD STREET. Contact Boris or Emil Phone 376-8700 4-12-15-14 Attention All Majors: Summer Internship still avail. Bus & Mgmt training. Aug profit -$8484, 3hrs credit. Call for info session Dahnell Clervil 352-258-5807 South Western. 4-5-10-14 FRONT OFFICE WORKERFT Medical office. $10/hr. Fax resume & hand written coverlefter to Pm Hall, RN 352-3310413 4-6-10-14 VALET PARKING FT and PT. Flexible hours, will work around schedule. Must be customer oriented and dependable. Call or leave message for Andy 1-888-463-1954 ext. 205Good pay! 4-26-23-14 LIFEGUARDS NEEDED Gainesville Cuntry Club seeking Lifeguards & Swim Instructors MaySept. Apply in person at 7300 SW 35th Way. Expeience preferred 4-7-10-14 Oak Hall School is seeking energetic, creative, and enthusiastic individuals with a love for children to staff its summer day camp program. Positions in the camp are available in our Preschool day camp, our Kindergarten day camp, and our elementary school age day camp. Individuals for the day camp should be available to work daily from June 5-July 28. Interested applicants should submit a resume to Jeff Malloy, Oak Hall School8009 SW 14th Avenue -Gainesville, FL 32607 or via e-mail at jmalloy@oakhall.org by April 13, 2006. Interview information regarding group interview on April 15 will be sent out upon receipt. 4-12-13-14 Are you energetic and motivated? Are you looking for a flexible job? LifeSouth Community Blood Centers, Inc. is currently seeking part-time Donor Scheduling Representatives to help maintain the community blood supply. Evening and weekend shifts are available. To apply, please call (352) 224-1741 after 5pm Monday through Thursday and leave a message. EOE/DFWP. 4-21-19-14 CONTROLLER Controller needed to manage financial aspects of business functions at World Class Cement Manufacturing Plant. Will be required to measure manufacturing performances and report financial results to Plant Manager, Owners and Executive group. Will oversee general ledger journal entries, accounts payable, accounts receiveable, asset management budgeting and financial reporting. Excellent communication and computer skills a must! Great Plains software experience a plus. Prefer 2 years of related experience. Salary Range -$40,000 -$45,000 Fax or mail resume and cover letter to: Fax: (386) 935-5071 Suwannee American Cement -HR PO Box 410 Branford, FL 32008 EOE 4-3-5-14 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED The 30th Annual GATOR TENNIS CAMP is now hiring good tennis players for the four weeks in June. Only quality players need apply. Excellent Pay, working approx 9 hrs, per day. Camp is held on UF Campus, using Ring Complex & the Flavet Courts. If interested, please call M.B. Chafin, Camp Director, at 392-3538, or in the evenings 376-8030. If no answer, please leave a message. 4-11-10-14 Professional Waitstaff: Gator Dining Services, located on the UF Campus, is Jooking for experienced, professional waitstaff and bartenders for a new bistro. Must have exceptional customer service skills and a knowledge of wines. Pay is based on experience, we offer competitive benefits and a great working environment. Apply online at www.gatordining.com. *411-10-14 COFFEE BARISTAS: Gator Dining Services, located on the UF Campus, is looking for Coffee Baristas. Positions are open for early morning and daytime hours. We offer competitive pay, benefits and a great working environment. Apply at Gator Dining Services, B73 Reitz Union, Museum Rd or online at www.gatordining.com 4-11-10-14 Spanish-speaking professional with excellent phone skills for online jewelry sales. Call 224-1857 between 1:00-3:00, M-F only. Or fax resume to 377-0488 4-11-10-14 AUTOCAD PT Mon thru Fri daily 15+hrs/wkly. $9/hr. Opt FT for summer. Must be dependable & good knowledge of basic AutoCAD. 1imi from UF. Email wells@ridgwaytruss.com or call Wells 219-1183 4-7-5-14 SEARS, OAKS MALL Now Hiring! Sales & stock positions. See store for inquiries. May apply online. AA/ EOE. 4-7-8-14 Project Manager/Office Administrator to handle psychologists Training Instutute, Private Practice and Small Publishing Business in Alachua. Skilled in people interaction, computers, software, data bases, office work. Excellent opportunity for individual to learn professional practice. B.A. required. $10.00 to start. 28 hrs/wk. M-Thurs. Email resume to scliett@acceleration.net. 4-6-6-14 DISHWASHER & BUSSER Only apply in person @ the Sovereign Restaurant after 2pm service entrance 12 SE 2nd Ave. 4-4-3-14 DELIVERY DRIVER Own car, no late nights. PIZZA MAKERS. Apply in person between 2 & 5pm. NAPOLATANO'S 606 NW 75th St. 4-4-4-14 *DANCERS NEEDED* Private dance co. Great for students. Great pay, fast cash & flexible hours. Call to start today! 378-3312 4-26-20-14 WANTED Energetic, serious, hard-working individuals to assist customers with high quality sporting goods merchandise. We're looking for the best. Full and part time opportunties. No phone calls. Min 1 year commitment. Lloyd Clarke Sports 1504 NW 13th St. 4-5-5-14 HIRING COOKS & SERVERS Apply between 2 & 4 pm Mon-Fri, CALICO JACK'S 3501 SW 2nd Ave. Creekside Mall 4-12-10-14 SALES AGENT Growing real estate company seeking new agents with license. Please fax resume to 352-338-7077 4-7-7-14 MOMMMY'S HELPER Busy professional woman needs help with life's details: kids, errands, household chores, etc. $8/hr to start + gas money. Must have reliable trans. Call 379-0619 lv msg 4-12-10-14 5 STAR PIZZA ON TOWER RD Now hirng delivery drivers.Great pay, flexible hours.Apply in person 600 NW 75th St. 4-12-10-14 Loving, dependable, exp sitter needed for infant daughter our home/yours. Tues-Fri. Email details of exp and references. Contact info: babygatorgrace@yahoo.com 4-5-5-14 PT Marketing Needed for Law firm. Flexible hours. Reliability a must. Call 376-0006. 4-1310-14 HUNGRY HOWIES is now hiring. Cash paid daily. Drivers + inside workers needed. Flexible schedule. Full + part time avail. Apply in person. 3105 SW 34th St. 4-13-10-14 TGI Fridays Now Hiring ALL POSITIONS Apply in person. 3598 SW Archer Rd. Mon thru Thursday. btw 2&4PM or anytime onlie at Fridays.com. Summer availablity required. 4-7-6-14. Law firm OFICE ASSISTANT PIT, answer phones & support duties. Indicate the.days of the week & which hours you are available on those days. Fax resume to 335-6415 47-5-14 MEDICAL OFFICE Experience for Pre-Med or Grad Student. 2025 hrs/wk. Call 373-4107 4-7-5-14 YMCA SUMMER JOB FAIR APPLYAND INTERVIEW IN ONE STOP! Saturday, April 8th from 9am-Noon We are hiring: Day Camp Counselors, Sports Camp Counselors, Gymnastics Camp Counselors, Lifeguards/Swim Instructors, Customer Service Representatives, Fitness Staff & Transportation Staff. Call 374-YMCA for more information. Northwood YMCA 5201 NW 34th Street 4-7-5-14 Part time lab techs needed for routine microbiology analysis. Send resume to janies@abcr.com or fax to 378-6483 4-2618-14 AAA STORAGE Close To UF, Convenient 4x4x4 $20/mo 4xflsf $35/mo 533 SW 2nd Ave. 377-1771 4-26-72-15 IMPORT AUTO REPAIR.BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, V, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-26-72-15 HYPNOTIST-Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Eliminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self-hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079. 4-26-72-15 ** BELLY DANCE.** Ethnic Dance Expressions Studio For Fun & Fitness 384-9200 www.ethnicdanceexpressions.com 4-26-72-15 EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The countryclub for horses & owners. Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath. 250' x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump paddock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 matted stalls, 19 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-5913175 everglade-eqestrian.com 4-26-72-15 FINANCE TUTOR Individuals or small groups. Experienced, excellent. 375-6641 Harold Nobles 4-26-72-15 CD -h 0 2 0 2 CD 0 S CL Cl) -o C,) CL 0 C) 0 (D 0 0 (D CL 

PAGE 15

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 0 ALLIGATOR, 15 eIIs Serices Health Typing Services Event Notices Want to be a CNA? Don't want to wait? Express Training Services can get you certified under 3 wks! Hands-on exp, no videos. Day/eve classes avail. Next class 4/17/06. Class sizes limited. 338-1193 for details. 4-26-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-26-71-15 HIP MOVES STUDIO Personal Training $35 per hr Belly Dance & Yoga Classes Your first class FREE 692-0132 nicomadance.com 4-26-65-15 TLC HORSEBOARD All facilities & amenities: quality instruction. 15 min from UF. Jan at 376-7762. Greathouse Equestrian Center. 4-26-62-15 MATH TUTOR 7 years of experience. BS in Engineering, UF. English/Spanish. Call Francisco @ 352494-8582 Sliding Scale Rates. 4-3-40-15 MATH & PHYSICS TUTOR Lots of experience. PhD in Mathematical Physics. $15/hr. email Andrew: whimbrel@bellsouth.net 4-6-35-15 ( ** GREAT BANNERS & SIGNS * Custom Posters 0 Exhibits 0 Awards Top Quality Fast e Service 0 Low Prices www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 9-5-71-15 AWARDS & PERSONALIZED GIFTS Plaques Name Badges 0 Cups Etc. Best Selection In Town .www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 9-5-71-15 FOIL HI-LITES, 1/2 head $65. Full head $85 Hair extensions, shampoo, cut, style $25 HAIR BY GLENDA (352) 258-8431 4-26-19-15 EW CLEANING SERVICE Affordable cleaning mith a moman's touch Maid service. Residential & Commercial. Same Day Cleaning Service Available 352-494-6458 ask for Earnestine 4-21-20-15 Studios Available for Local Artists! Very cheap monthly fees!!!! Deadline March 31st. Contact us @ sales@jwexperience.com. 4-4-5-15 UF WRITING CENTER For when you can't, like, figure out, like, you know, how to say it better or whatever. Free writing help, M-F, 9-5. www.ufl.edu/rwcenter. 4-7-5-15 ANONYMOUS HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) ABORTION/ABORTION by PILL (RU-486) IV sedation, Student Discount. Well Woman Care & Birth Control Bread & Roses Women's Health Ctr 352-372-1664 www.breadroses.com 4-26-72-16 All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-26-72-16 UNPLANNED PREGNANCY? Confidential, compassionate adoption advice. Expenses paid it needed. Choose life! wm.america nkidzadoption.com FL lic. # 1105-002-000 (727) 823-1537 or toll free (866) 303-1573 4-26-72-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $99! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199 4-26-71-16 NEED ENERGY? Try "ACT". Feel it in minutes! Lasts all Day! Call for FREE Sample. (888) 275-2112 4-3-5-16 PLACE A BUSINESS CARD SIZE AD SHOWING YOUR SUPPORT OF A JOB WELL DONE $7 5 Pr20E rR AD (ACTUAL SIZE SHCWN HERE) DEADLINE: APRIL 4 'Ago 5' SAME DAY SERVICE: transcription, typing, apps. Desktop pub: brochures, newsletter, flyers, ads, logos. Resume service -17 yrs exp. 24-hr turnaround. Connie 271-2677 4-10-37-17 Personals ANONYMOUS HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) GUNS! GUNS! GUNS! 1800 Gun Inventory Over 500 handguns in stock Buy, Sell, Trade or Repair. Reloading Supplies 466-3340 Harry Beckwith, Gun Dealer 8mi. South of Oville on 441 4-26-72-18 FLASHBACKS PAYS CASH FOR CLOTHES. We buy 10-5, M-Sat. Open to shop til 6. WE ALSO BUY HOUSEHOLD ITEM. 211 W Univ Ave 375-3752. 4-26-72-18 VEGETARIAN? Try BOOK LOVER'S -CAFE Inside Books, Inc. 505 NW 13 St. 10-9 384-0090 4-26-72-18 CLEARANCE SALE -All CDs must go 100,000+ CDs on sale $5.99. Ten for $50. We need more room for our GIANT DVD INVENTORY. Cash paid for DVDs. Hear Again 818 W. University Ave. 373-1800 426-72-18 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-26-59-18 lul connection Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true loye Chat live free, gay STR-8 or Si. Call the Matchmaker free @ 373-7272, 24 hrs. Great way to meet cool people and it works. Chat live mith others. 4-26-72-19 l Even tices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! PUBLIC SPEAKING FEAR? Learn unbelievable new tricks that actually "cheat" nervousness when giving speeches, job interviewing, etc! Real Results! www.cheatingpublicspeaking.com 3-24-5-20 Celebrate th Independent FloridaAlligator s 100th Anniversary 'Pullllhid Illidlrs5, Octoiber 20,.2006 Advertise 1n the 100t~h. /lAiversary Publication: -Hnii11,eneing'sof the Univesity ofFlorida Stories and photographs sin e 1906 -Iproduction of our first isue of thi I. ersity Nlws SAVE UP TO 30% Cal Alligator Advertiqing at 352.370.4482 for more information We infr. 1. d,,rde. WILDERNESS 1st RESPONDER Taught by NOLS/WMI Learn to handle medical emergencies 5/7-16 10 days 80hrs. Gold Head Branch State Park, 30mi from G'ville. 866831-9001 floridaadventuring.com/wfr.html. 4-7-10-20 There will be a meeting for SURVIVORS OF SUICIDE Those who have lost a loved one to suicide Wed, April 5th from 6:30-8:30 pm at The Alachua County Crisis Center at 218 SE 24th Street, Gainesville, Florida. Call 264-6789 if you have any questions 4-5-5-20 Entertainment WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 486-2255 4-26-72-21 FIRST STRIKE PAINTBALL Airball, Speedball, Forts on 27 acres Call for the best group rates! 352-338-8408 4-26-72-21 Shotgun Sports-Skeet-Trap-5-Stand Bunker-Open to Public-Wed-Fri-Sat Sun-1OAM-6PM-Guys-Gals-Families UF-Students-Memberships-Discounts Training-Pro-Shop-Ammo-Rentals Gatorskeetandtrap.com 352-372-1044 4-26-67-21 Download Music and get paid for it! www.burnloungeimd.com mrlimd@yahoo.com.The Revolution Begins! 4-4-5-21 FREE GRE MATH WORKSHOP UF Teach Center offers this workshop Thursday April 6th from 7-9pm. Call 3922010 to register & learn the room location. 4-6-4-21 _Tickets, ***Cruises, Honeymoons, Packages*** Local travel agency offers cruise specials, resorts, guided excursions for everyone. Gator Country Travel (ust off campus) 3731992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-36232 4-26-72-22 'Ride's GMG TRANSPORT 20 Yrs. as the Official So. Fl. Bus Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $40 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.GMGTRANS.com 4-26-72-23 0 1 Pets, Furry, feathery, scaly.no, not your roommate.pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. SALTWATER REEF AQUARIUM 50 gallon Oceanic tank filled with coral anc marine life. All accessories inc. Please call 352-870-5410. Email: spatman@ufl.edu. 4-5-5-24 a Lo st & Found Bike stolen from music building RED specialized ALLEZ sport Reward Call 352-213-3522 4-3-10-25 C HAM PION SH P S IGNATRE S ERIE S N RUNNINs FRIDAY A PRIL '7, 4920[3 6 S H 3W Y13UMR SUP06 RT 

PAGE 16

Sports ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 www.aiiigaLiuiop LS.org Gators look to counter Bruins' daunting defense By DAN TREAT Alligator Staff Writer dtreat@alligator.org INDIANAPOLIS They're two of the most high-profile schools in the country, two that hail from warm-weather locales and two that consistently finish in the top 10 of the all-sports Director's Cup standings. Yet, UF and UCLA have never met on the basketball court. They picked a good time to get together.When the ball is tipped off at 9:21 tonight, the national title, which would be the Gators' first and the Bruins' 12th, hangs in the balance. "I think the first thing you realize is how long of a time it is from [Saturday's] game all the way to Monday night," UF coach Billy Donovan said. "It's a long time. Feels like a week." The opponent Donovan's Gators will face tonight spent its entire season as a top-25 team. The Bruins won the Pacific-10 regular season and tournament championship and earned a No. 2 seed in the NCAA Tournament. Still, they didn't garner much attention, even as they advanced to the Final Four. So just who are these guys? Even if you ask the Gators, they can't come to a consensus. "UCLA is a little bit like Arkansas," junior forward Chris Richard aid. "They have a strong frontcourt, but they also have fast guards who can Donovan shoot the three and penetrate down the lane." Ask Al Horford. "UCLA plays defense like Georgia," Horford said. "They are a .scrappy and physical team who is very athletic. They are a big-time defensive team." Or ask Corey Brewer. "Defensively, I think South Carolina is a very -good comparison," Brewer said. "But you really can't compare this team to anybody." What is definitive is that the Bruins have been a defensive force, allowing opponents to score just 58.3 points per game this season. In particular, they have dominated their last two games, allowing 45 points apiece to SEE HOOPS, PAGE 19 Cameroon connects Noah, UCLA By DAN TREAT Alligator Staff Writer dtreat@alligator.org INDIANAPOLIS -Zacharie Noah might not know what to do. On one hand, his grandson, Joakim Noah, is about to play in the biggest game of his life with a national championship on the line. On the other, two kids -who used to play ball -t t Basketball in his backyard are trying to stop his grandson. But that's what it has come down to: UF, UCLA, the national championship and for whom Zacharie Noah is going to sacrifice a chicken. Zacharie, made famous in U.S. by Noah's declaration that he was going to sacrifice chickens on the Gators' beha, was a soccer star m his native Cameroon long before his son, Yannick, won the French Open and before his grandson became the main event at the NCAA Tournament. X Zacharie maintains a ranch and recreation center in Yaounde Cameroon's capital, and two UCLA players, freshmen Luc Richard Mbah a Moute and Alfred Aboya played there often as children. "I know a lotabout his grandfather. His grandfather has a big ranch back home with a basketball court and a tennis court," Mbah a Moute said. "When I was little, I used to go there and play tennis and swim because they have a swimming pool and everything. Kristin Nichols Alligator Staff "His grandfather is a great perUF sophomore center Joakim Noah blocks a shot during the first half of the Gators' win against George Mason on Saturday. SEE CAMEROON, PAGE 17 Women's Final Four B For complete coverage of the Maryland 81 UF baseball, softball, men's and North Carolina 70 women's tennis and women's Women's Final Four golf teams, log on to the alligaLouisiana State 45 torSports Web site. Duke 64 *E 2000: The UF men's basketball team falls 89-76 in the national championship game to Michigan State. Center Udonis Haslem led the Gators with 27 points at the RCA Dome in Indianapolis, the same site as tonight's title game. National Championship: UCLA vs. UF, ESPN2, 9 p.m. 0 MLB: Braves vs. Dodgers ESPN, 4 p.m. UF rings in midnight for Cinderella stories INDIANAPOLIS Joakim Noah despises pregame coverage. After a win, UF's star center embraces the paperboy with open arms, put Noah can't stand all the analysis ending up to a game. "It's all opinion," Noah said. "I want facts." Well, here's a fact that Noah relishes. The Gators are heading to the national championship game after defeating George Mason, the world's favorite Cinderella team. And there's a word Noah wouldn't mind hearing the rest of his life. It's a safe bet he'll never watch the Disney classic again. "We were tired of hearing the Cinderella story," he said. Noah studies social/behavioral sciences, not journalism, but after Saturday's victory, he was already bracing for Monday's Alligator and anticipating the Cinderella headlines. Andrew So Noah decided to give us jourAbramson nalists a helping hand and write his Drew's Control own headline. aabramson@alligator.org Never mind the space issues editors have to deal with or the fact that Noah's topper was awfully long and didn't exactly make sense. So if the headline didn't make it to the top of this story. I promised Noah he could have his one shot at journalistic glory. Here's the Joakim Noah headline special: "Gator boys are hot, unstoppable. Team shines regardless, sexy." Then he wrote another headline, just in case the paper featured more than one UF story. "Don't get scared now. It's like 'Home Alone."' After becoming the nation's most hated team, the Gators are anything but scared heading into tonight's title game SEE ANDREW, PAGE 17 

PAGE 17

MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 0 ALLIGATOR, 17 UCLA's group of "Ca meroon Crazies" cheer on frontcourt players CAM EROON, from page 16 son. He does a lot for the community so he'll have us over there and give us advice." Mbah a Moute and Aboya may have ended up in the same place, but the road they traveled to get to Los Angeles was quite different. They crossed paths earlier in their lives but did not hit it off until the fall of 2003 when they practiced at the same gym. Mbah a Moute, however, wasn't a typical kid. He is a prince, and his father is chief of the Bafia village. "My role is just being a prince," Mbah a Moute said. "I don't have anything to do, just a few ceremonies." Each had contacts in the U.S., which led them to prep schools in New Hampshire and Montverde Academy in Florida. "I didn't try skiing, but I did have a snow fight," Aboya said of his time in New HampshireWhile Mbah a Moute eventually chose the Bruins over Virginia Tech and South Carolina, he did show interest in playing at UF. The Gators reciprocated the curiosity "They recruited me. Matter of fact, even though I committed to UCLA, they were still recruiting me," Mbah a Moute said. "I was interested in going to Florida, I liked the school. I went there to visit a couple times." But in the end, UF never offered a scholarshipIt could probably be considered remarkable that a country like Cameroon would have this many players in a game this significant. Aboya said basketball ranks fourth in .popularity there behind soccer, volleyball and team handball in his homeland, but he chose the sport largely because of its sharp contrast to soccer. I was interested in going to Florida, I likA. the school. I went there to visit a couple times." Luc Richard Mbah a Moute UCLA forward "I think it's the concept of the game," Aboya said. "Soccer is 90 minutes, and the score is always like 1-0, low scoring. Basketball, anything can happen at any moment. "Even though you're leading by 20, you have to wait until the clock goes off untilyou start celebrating. You saw what happened when we played Gonzaga, so that's what makes basketball different." Although Aboya and Mbah a Moute are just freshmen, both players have had a significant impact on UCLA's march to the title game. Mbah a Moute was named Pacific-10 Freshman of the Year while averaging 9.2 points and 8.1 rebounds a game and started all but one. Aboya missed the first six games of the year after having knee surgery, but played in all 31 games since his return. But his opponents' ties to one of his native nations doesn't mean that Noah is going to be sympathetic. "I have a lot of love for people from Cameroon, especially guys that are playing basketball and doing well," Noah said. "I know [UCLA] has a couple of guys from Cameroon on its team. ."After the game we will probably talk, but right now, they're the enemy. I'm not really worried about showing [them] any love." But the Bruins have been getting love from a student group who has fully embraced them. Known as the Cameroon Crazies, a group of UCLA students wear T-shirts with the slogan and wave tiny Cameroonian flags during the game. One woman had a full-sized flag draped like a cape over her shoulders during UCLA's semifinal win against Louisiana State on Saturday. "My brother was a grad student at Duke, and he gave me a Cameron Crazies shirt, so I thought I'd twist it up a little bit," said David Woo, who founded the group. Woo was also aware of Noahs history. "He's haif-Cameroonlan I think," Woo said. "We love Cameroonians. We love his dad. We just love Cameroonians, baby." UCLA's pair of Cameroonians have signed shirts for the group and met with members after games, and both were excited to have so much support. "That's unbelievable. It's such a great feeling where you are in a place where -you have no support [like Indianapolis]," Aboya said. "The only thing you have is those fans, your coaches and your teammates, so it's a good thing to see those people out there cheering for you, rooting for you. "That only makes you go forward and keep working hard to please them." Cameroon Quicl Facts ~~Population16.6 million Capital: Yaounde Area: 179,714 square miles Life Expectancy: 45 years (men), 46 years (women) Exports: Crude oil and petroleum products, timber, cocoa President: Paul Biya GNI per capita. U.S. $800 Source: BBC A Jennifer LaBrie / Alligator Staff ANDREW, from page 16 against UCLA. If they can win wearing devil horns, imagine the possibilities when a few outsiders jump on the bandwagon. With almost the entire country rooting against them on Saturday, the Gators celebrated Daylight Savings Time a few hours early, turning the clocks to midnight as the game clock ticked to zero. Cinderella's moment in the spotlight lasted much longer than any sane person could have predicted, but the clock had to strike midnight sooner or later. Sure, stranger things have happened, like the big bang and Arnold Schwarznegger's political career. But George Mason was going to fall before this tournament ended, and the Gators were fortunate enough to become the villain. "It feels good to be the bad guy sometimes," Noah said. Just like that, UF is one game away from the ultimate prize. And the Gators earned a trip to the championship game without any of the final-second heroics that normally define March Madness. All they had to do was play their game, throw the rock to Lee Humphrey and watch Noah pound his chest. For George Mason, the stunning run ended without a hint of the magic that propelled the Patriots into the Final Four. That's how stories like this usually end. The little team that could fall eventually falls hard, while some big, bad team from a major conference plays for the title. So much for George Mason's Hollywood production. The Gators wanted no part in that film anyway. "We didn't want for them to have that exceptional story -'Glory Road,' all that stuff," junior forward Chris Richard said. "We don't want to be the team in the movie that got beat, that got upset. We didn't want to be that team." With George Mason out, the DENTAL STAIN REMOVAL RESEARCH STUDY IB #64-06 APPROVED 03/03/06 ThetUniversity of orida Periodontal Disease Research Clintc is seeldg individuals for a research study that willevaluate thetoth stan rmovd ofan experimental toothpaste over a 6 week period oltime. The study requires that you come to our clinic for a pre-sreeaing visit to see if yuqalify ft r the study. f you qUaiy the will be up to 4 study visits over a 6 week peciod. You may be eligible if: you are between 18-70 years of age. you are in good physical health. you have least 4 of your 6 upper front teeth. you have visible stain (from coffee, tea, tobacco, etc.) on at least 4 of your upper and/ or lower front teeth. you do not have tooth sensitivity or sensitivity to tartar control toothpaste. you have not participated in a stain removal study within the past 3 months. Eligible participants will receive an oral examination, a productkit, and financial compensationof up to $125.00 Ifinterested, please call ouroffice at (352).392-9003 between8AM and 1 PM M-F for more information. national media quickly asked the Gators about their own Cinderella story that suddenly has been revived. Remember, this is a UF team that entered the season with minimal expectations. A bubble team maybe. Never a championship team. But after a week of the nexerending George Mason storylines, the Gators are simply sick of Cinderella. "I don't think we're Cinderella," Richard said. "We're kind of like Superman." Buy a cornbo meal e a 2nd FREE eal, get friend its on You. )oe 5s'd 1515 SW 13th St. Take a free practice LSAT with Kaplan and find out how you'll score before Test Day! When: Tuesday, April 4 at 6pm Where: Reitz Union, Kaplan Center Why: Excellent way to be exposed to test format and gauge strengths/weaknesses!! For More Info Please Call (352) 377-8050 Call or visit us online today to register! 1-800-KAP-TEST kaptest.com/isat Test Prep and Admissions L" 

PAGE 18

18, ALLIGATOR E MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 UCLA's Farmar plays amid family worries By LOUIS ANASTASIS Alligator Staff Writer lanastasis@alIigator.org INDIANAPOLIS -This was supposed to be the story of Jordan Faitnar and how he almost came to the Final Four draped in a UF jersey rather than UCLA's. Yes, it is that. But, more importantly, this is about Farmar and his maternal grandfather, Dr. Howard Baker, who is afflicted with cancer. The news seeped from UCLA coach Ben Howland's mouth Sunday. One or two of his players knew about it. Most of them hadn't a clue. T h a t s the first time I've heard that," said the Bruins' star guard Arron Afflalo with a heavy, puzzled look on his face. When freshman Nican Robinson was told, he jumped in his chair. "Cancer? Damn. Wow. I didn't even know that," Robinson said. "We're definitely going to have to talk to him. We'll have to give him some hugs and just rally around him."1 Baker, 67, will watch tonight's national championship game froia Los Angeles, where Farmat's mother, Mindy Kolani, will be his caretaker "He's fighting, and he's a tough guy and that's where I get it from on the court sometimes," Farmar said. "I'm not worried about it. I know he'd love to be here, but they're very supportive." The gravity and the nature of the cancer remain unknown, as Farmar and Howland are leery of the sensitive issue. lbs of Whey._$29.00 Free Workout with this ad! I NESW SpigTerm. 69.00 IYar .1 I9 D ;GyM I Month of Tannin.$100 CAINESVILLE&YM 01NW6THST 376-8400 Great Mediterranean Cuisine BAR & R ILL 378.5179 + 1120 W. Univrs ty Ave. Nct to Bak of America 7I But the player who is arguably most responsible for the revival of Bruins basketball said his grandfather is OK He continues to be the ultimate family man, talking regularly to his mother and grandfather. On Farmar's left shoulder you will see a tattoo of him and his 11year-old sister, Shoshana Kolani. Both stand there, backs turned, embracing each other. The words "Just the two of us," glow above the siblings. Farmar's mother and his father, Damon Farmar, attend most UCLA home games. The same goes for Baker, who attended UCLA and began working at the UCLA Medical Center in 1964. "[Farmar] was connected at birth to UCLA," Howland said. UF coach Billy Donovan did everything possible to change that. Though Farmar was born in Los Angeles and attended high school in the area at Taft High, Donovan went on a recruiting crusade, hoping for a cross-country transplant. "I was very close to going to Florida," Farmar said. "I liked everything about the program. Especially with him being a point guard, Coach Donovan really treated me well. "Everything about Florida was positive, and when I came home from my visit it was really good." After all, who wouldn't want Farmar? The godson of former MLB star Eric Davis, he is a point guard who actually embraces the phrase "pass first." With his poofy tuft of opaque hair bobbing around the court, he averages 5.1 assists and 13.3 points per game as a sophomore. He emulates Michael Jordan not for his fadeaways or unfurled tongue but for his defense. And Farmar "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Contern Available from Commercial News Providers" has redefined the term "grit." He sprained his right ankle against Temple in mid-November and re-aggravated it against Arizona in January. The player with the balloon-sized heart and tendons of rubber returned to the court against the Wildcats. Donovan could identify these traits right away. So, with former guard Anthony Roberson serving as the guide, the UF coach put on a recruiting full-court press. "They had the huge video board there or whatever it's called -I think this was the last year you were allowed to do this and they did an incredible thing on that, [displaying the words] 'JORDAN FARMAR,"' Howland recalled. "I mean, when you come and see that, especially as a 16year-old kid, that was very, very exciting." At the same time, Howland said, "I was sick to my gut from that whole thing." He had just replaced Steve Lavin as head coach and was doing his best to convince high schoolers the program was making a comeback. Howland visited Farmar at Taft the first day he was allowed to. But even on the morning of the day Farmar decided he would stay put, Donovan called the senior about 10 times. Visit us at www.HawthorneReserve.com or call 3Ai2-367-26w0 507 N 39th Rd. Gainesville, FL 32607 Locatedjust 1o'Newbert-y RoadClose to 1-75, UF The Medical Center attd tmore! That was a time when the Gators were also courting point guard Taurean Green. Had Farmar decided to sign with the Gators, "I probably wouldn't be here," Green said. Joked Donovan: "[Farmar] made a real poor decision, didn't he?" Instead, Farmar will wear sky blue and gold, squaring off against the very team that nearly nabbed him. He will strap the state of California to his back tonight, dreaming of home games next season when Baker will be there, recovered, and ready to watch some old-fashioned defense. HAX/THORNE R E S E R V E Hawthome Reserve TE Isoms' fturc: New GE appliances Newvwood cabinets Tile in foyer, bathrooms and kitchen New designer countertops New carpet Community amenities include; Clubhouse with cardio fitness room Clubroom with media center + Pool with summer kitchen Spa Services room Coffee bar -2105 Up to 2 s pucltdIH pn m r i iiiiiltealpt stsrcscprations c lnnit be r died o ton as corcly samg ths r tepesentations -a t of11s d oispr tsr hrteetrsptssntisn rnce sho i be arit do imonts rqired 1y setiot 71 503 othe lorasa to11 foroished-by the doelopr toI a So'e tsr lessert pdosl naiad spilalare sdierlcn tciisaistsatra Soid we prtittted 1, is '' 

PAGE 19

MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2006 E ALLIGATOR 19 Humphrey improves shots after meeting hero N THE UF GUARD MET HIS CHILDHOOD IDOL, FORMER VOLS QB MANNING. By LOUIS ANASTASIS Alligator Staff Writer lanastasis@alligator.org INDIANAPOLIS -UP, here's what you can do now that you've made the NCAA Championship game: Call Peyton Manning and thank him profusely. Saturday night, it was UF guard Lee Humphrey drilling threes and saving the Gators time and time again. This was no coincidence. Humphrey met Manning, his childhood hero, at a team banquet Thursday night. Manning, the Indianapolis Colts star quarterback and former Tennessee player, didn't say much to Humphrey. But a handshake and a case of the jitters just may have given the guard the spark behind the game of his life against George Mason. The Gators (32-6) won 73-58 and will play UCLA in tonight's national championship game. "I don't know how much that translated into the game today," Humphrey said with a sheepish grin. "I mean, I was very excited [to meet him], but my teammates just did a great job of finding me today, and I shot it great." Humphrey nailed 6 of 12 threepointers for 19 points against the Patriots. But it wasn't the numbers themselves that made the difference; it was their timing. Humphrey scored UF's first points, giving the Gators their first lead at 3-2, a lead they would never relinquish. Then, at the start of the second half with UP leading by just 5, he took over. "Humpty Dump is a monster." Joakim Noah UF center Humphrey scored 10 consecutive points on three 3-pointers and a free throw to start the second period. When the floodgates closed, the scoreboard read: UIF 41, George Mason 28. "Humpty Dump is a monster," UF forward Joakim Noah said. This wasn't supposed to be Humphrey's night. Al Horford -maybe. Noah -probably. But nobody saw this coming. With George Mason's tallest players leveling at 6-foot-7, the game was UF's frontcourt's for the taking. Yes, the Gators dominated the glass. But Humphrey and the backcourt, including 15 points from point guard Taurean Green, led the charge. "If Peyton saw it, he has to be proud of him," forward Chris Richard said. "I don't know if there's any sort of inspiration from meeting him, but Lee played great. It was one of the best games I've ever seen him play" For Gator Nation, this might appear like a sacrilege of gargantuan proportions. A UP basketball player idolizing the arm behind one of the team's grandest football rivals? But you must understand that Humphrey grew up in Maryville, Tenn., a city just 16 miles from Knoxville, home of the Volunteers. When he was in the fifth grade, Brittany Fulmer, the daughter of Tennessee football coach Phillip Fulmer, put the biggest smile on Humphrey's face. Humphrey's classmate obliged when he asked her to bring back his Manning jersey autographed. The jersey still hangs on Humphrey's wall. And now that UF has nearly reached their -own Rocky Top, Humphrey will never forget the night he met Manning. "My heart was pounding fast whenIwalked onstage,"Humplhey said. "I think I had the happy feet. I was shaking a little bit." Added Green: "I saw Humphrey walking off the stage -and I saw him whisper, 'Wow.' So we definitely gave him a hard time." UF guard Lee Humphrey controls the ball during the Gators' win against George Mason in Indianapolis on Saturday. Humphrey made six 3-pointers in the game. Bruins welcome fast pace HOOPS, from page 16 No. 1 seed Memphis and fourthseeded Louisiana State. LSU shot 32 percent for the game while its leading scorer, Glen Davis, was 5 for 17 from the floor. In UCLA's win -against Memphis, the Tigers shot 31.5 percent, and leading scorers Rodney Carney and Darius Washington combined to make 6 of 22 shots. So while the wins may not have been pretty, the Bruins really don't care. "Basically it's substance over style," senior Cedric Bozeman said. "All we care about is the 'W.' We pride ourselves on defense. "If defense is going to win games, that's what we're going to do." During Sunday's press conference, however, UCLA coach Ben Howland changed the topic during one of his answers to address the assertion that his team plays at a more deliberate pace. "We were really doing a good job pushing the ball last night," Howland said. "I think you noticed there were actually a couple times that Big Baby [Davis] called a timeout because of the changing ends and the pace of the game." Howland also said that adaptability will be crucial for his team tonight. "They're going to try to press us; they're going to try to create a tempo that's up and down. That's great. We scored 86 points against Arizona at home. We can play any way you want to play." Ben Howland UCLA coach "We're going to have to do that [Monday] because Florida wants to get up and down," Howland said. "They're going to try to press us; they're going to try to create a tempo that's up and down. That's great. We scored 86 points against Arizona at home. "We can play any way you want to play." Foley reveres UCLA program N HOWLAND, BRUINS COACH, RECRUITED NOAH IN HIGH SCHOOL. By ANDREW ABRAMSONand DAN TREAT Alligator Staff Writers INDIANAPOLIS -When UCLA takes the court against UF in tonight's national championship game, UF athletics director Jeremy Foley will be taken back. Admittedly, Foley was a fervent Bruins fan, watching teams led by Bill Walton and Law Alcindor (Kareem AbdulJabbar). But he said one of his favorite UCLA rosters didn't feature any big names when Sidney Wicks and Curtis Roe led the Bruins to a national title in 1970. Foley considers it a privilege for the Gators to face the Bruins tonight. "I can remember being on a lacrosse trip in 1974, and N.C. State beat UCLA in the semifinal game. I was disappointed because I loved watching UCLA play," Foley said. "For me personally, it's an honor to play those folks. "If we can be successful Monday night against a team that certainly is the epitome of tradition and success, it would be wonderful." Foley said one of the highlights of his career came several years ago when former UCLA coach John Wooden visited Gainesville and spoke to UF's coaches. "For an hour, right in front of our coaches and our staff, one of the greatest coaches, if. not the greatest coach of any sport of all-time, [spoke]," Foley said. "That has to be chalked up as a highlight in our profession. To sit there and listen to that guy and listen to him talk, it was unbelievable. "That guy was unbelievable. I'm a big John Wooden fan and I do read his stuff, and that guy is pretty special." F61ey F o I e y said former UF and current South Carolina football coach Steve Spurrier was also an avid Wooden fan. Both Foley and Spurrier read Wooden's books and were especially impressed by one of his quotes. He says failure is not fatal. Failure to change can be," Foley said. "My point is when you lose, you have to selfevaluate." NOAH TIES: When UF sophomore center Joakim Noah steps on the court tonight, UCLA coach Ben Howland will get a firsthand look at the maturation of a player he scouted in high school. Howland, then coach of Pittsburgh, visited Noah when he was a high. school player at Brooklyn's Poly Prep. "Coach Howland was the first person to ever recruit me [in] my sophomore year when he was still at Pitt," Noah said. "He didn't offer me a scholarship or anything, but I remember him being in the office and saying that one day he would recruit me. It's crazy, right? Now we're playing him in the championship." BREWER'S DAD ABSENT: While sophomore forward Corey Brewer scored 19 points, pulled down six rebounds and hit three 3-pointers in the Gators' win against George Mason, his biggest fan wasn't there to cheer him on. Ellis Brewer was unable to make the trip due to his ailing health, and Corey doesn't expect him to be in the RCA Dome for the title game tonight. "I talked to him on the phone [Saturday] after the game," -Brewer said. "He has heart problems and diabetes, so he can't travel like he'd want to. I think he'll-be home watching like he always does." 

PAGE 20

2fALLIGATOR E MONDAY, APRIL 3,2006 Florida: Al Horford -So., 6'8235 pounds, 11.3 ppg, 7.6 rpg He might not have scored often against George Mason, but Horford was a force on the interior, grabbing 13 rebounds, six of them offensive. He also dished out four assists, and should be able to physically assert himself in this game. UCLA: Luc Richard Mbah a Moute -Fr., 6' 215 pounds, 9.2 ppg, 8.1 rpg One of two Cameroonians on UCLA's roster, Mbah a Moute has led the Bruins in rebounding in 31 of their 38 games. He also led the Pac10 in field goal percentage, hitting shots at a 53.9 percent clip during league play. Florida: Joakin Noah -So., 6'11" 227 pounds, 14.1 ppg, 7.1 rpg Even though Noah didn't have one of his prototypical games Saturday night, he still had 12 points, eight rebounds and blocked four shots. Noah had been UF's standout player through the first four rounds, and he could cement his status as the Tournament's most explosive player with a big game tonight. UCLA; Ryan Hollins -Sr., 71/2" 225 pounds, 6.9 ppg, 4.6 rpg Seemingly a physical mirror of Noah, Hollins hds size but is inconsistent in output. He scored in double digits in each of the i Bruins first four tournament games but only put up 6 against LSU on Saturday. His 59.4 percentfoul shootingalso works against him. knTGFtIA Florida: Lee Humphrey -Jr., 6'2" 192 pounds, 10.8 ppg,.458 3PT% With a meeting with his hero Peyton Manning in the books, Humphrey shot down George Mason Saturday, hitting six threes, including three in a row to kickoff the second half. With UCLA likelyto double team UF's big men, look for Humphrey to geta lot of good looks. UCLA: Arron Afflalo -So., 6'5" 210 pounds, 16.0 ppg, 4.3 rpg Afflalo is the most explosive player on the Bruins roster. He has started all but one game in his two years in college. He cant shoot as well as Humphrey but is quicker. Humphrey's skills as UF's best perimeter defender will be tested early and often in this showdown. Florida: Corey Brewer -So., 6'8"185 pounds, 12.7 ppg, 4.7 rpg Brewer was at times both spectacular and maddening on Saturday. He scored 19 points and grabbed six rebounds but also turned the ball over six times. With points likely to be at a premium, Brewer will need to hold onto the ball in order for the Gators to have a chance. UCLA: Cedric Bozeman -RS Sr., 66" 207 pounds, 7.Sppg, 3.3 rpg Bozeman gives up a little height but could bring the muscle to Brewer. Bozeman shoots better from the perimeter than Brewer but has also taken half as many threes. While he has turned the ball over half as many times as Brewer, he lacks Brewer's ability to dominate a game. Florida: Taurean Green -ho., 6'0" 177 pounds, 13.6 ppg, 4.6 apgi Green hit several clutch threes and finished with 15 points against George Mason but failed to record an assist for the first time this season. Tonight is another big game and Green seems to thrive in these situations. But he needs to make smart decisions with the ball and create easy buckets for his teammates. UCLA: Jordan Farmar -So., 62"180 pounds, 13.3 ppg, 4.9 apg Farmar strongly considered becoming a Gator, but he has thrived playing in his home state. He was the Pac-10 Freshman of the Year last season and followed it up by being named All-Pac 10 first team this year. He doesn't shoot great from beyond the arc but can score off the dribble and pass well. So it all comes down to this: 11 titles against zero, 16 Final Four appearances versus three. But as Noah said, history doesn't win basketball games, and this should be a good one. UCLA has the ability to grind it out or play up-tempo, as do the Gators. It is much easier to force a slower style on a game than a quick one, so look for a matchup similar to the one between UF and Georgetown. Both of these teams are on a roll, but at this point, it's unlikely that Noah will allow the Gators to lose. Jennifer LaBrie, Dan Treat/ Alligator Staff (Classic Carwash ~ 3019 0 Ao 1Rd, 374-9227 pair -'' Glend'a-u hlair ExteioisusNAxdil lix Lxtes 0P 2 colors 9ualory ~ 1/2 lHead Ful1 Bleaid $65 485 Shampoo, Cut. Stolle $2fr 1"W I9qf R41i L 10% OFF S WITH GATOR ONE or SFCC ID card Any Repair Any Service .-,etter Quality Better Service Expert Technician Competitive Prices Free Shuttle Service Not valid with any other coupons or spec ials AINESVIL DO aGErn2t 372-4343 -3G00 N Main St n RE C EIVE $20 TODAY & $60 THIS WEEK! -$2 af-e -yo r stdoaion & 3 $40 after your 2nd don-atios Regitere ap t dyy peTiod) MS aclegal iflong na th proof of $ Land4ocal rsidecy 'esppra hur Care dnr 9N apm.-7 pem. 3q0 NW1 83rdStree Ope LA --1 SaL1' a rn3p. ro~idttt#y$4t -~ t~t.tW ~ t 1112 No-rh M-o Oio.t 352-378-9431 earn about the many exciting career 'opportunities tor Registered Respiratory Therapists. inta Fe's 18-month program prepares graduates to earn $36-$46,O00 a year. Respiratory Care April 5-6 9 a.m.-7 p.m. Santa Fe Community College NW Campus, Building W, room 50 3000 NW 83rd Street SANTA FE -COMMUNT COLLEGE www.sfccedu > Index > Respiratory Care (352) 395-5706, Paul Stephan Noon to 5pm Every Day. No Coupon, No joke 'ko~f 
