
PAGE 1

ole Announces Its Selections For fgll Of Fame As Follows: ~~gmrera jrr%. a star pitcher on the varsily baseball tea" las t ear mara~tf % ery hi-1h scholstie average, making phi Beta Kap thi. Ofy ialoridaBluele'. he s president of the summer school bu)ofl:. ard ardti:i. senior in law. is a nrrieuber of Florida Blue Key ad is ef 1 .1 Semiill4le. He is n Who Among tIents n ro'lge's and Universities.' athel i h inalll l L, i rL e i ( tiir of the varsity boving tearm th m ihe inlrutri.p Preident of the V'ong Deruocratic Club and oier"' %enior in Bihinwf'sSAdmninistration i business niaaaer of the -r %t sej c ina politics. P' 'ers was am organizer of the University 44 -qected for "Who's Who Amiong Students" and is a member Blue e Leonard, g ratate in jorna lisi. was mianaging editor of the Forida All~t ear pa is editor-in-chief this year. e is r of Florida Blue Slist i "Iho's isho Among Students."of orida Blue Searle. i senior in Business Administration. has a -Rhoiastic average of Be i's presint ai tihe International Relations Club. le is('ollits saior in Business Administration, is chancellor of the Honor He n,-C(it*i" of tlh sliniming teanmi last year, wae a delegate to the Aonveltion thi year amnt i a ineinbilr (f Florida Blue K-e d g Kren'tzan,Ii s4'lior in la, %as president of Florida Blue Key.last fail, it' ) ha Arong Students," Ien has been outstanding ay a debater, and s 111la.d arberl t rq'gor. recntIY appointed si e president of the student tody, ha to the hap in lhe fields of politics, religion ald college activity. Hye is t of ItemItii 'iinenering Society, which is in chargeo(f Engineers' Fair. r Hedricl,. will graduated front the Law School in February, was an outstholar. :ct i%(' in publications. a nienm er of the Roard of Student ,PubBie kev and "Who'*. Who Aniong Stuidents." Water Maylerry, senior in Education, was captain of the 1937 Gator football Ile was selected as half-hack on the mythical All-Southern team. ord easley. senior in .Journalism, is president of the Inter-fraternity -ConA member rt Fhorida Blue Key, (lifford was editor of the 1937 Book ere's What They Did Power s jreas. SHowsi n SSmons In 6r Court Burrva's Joplinv Edit. gptor Mg. Ed Ocody ,ftacho; I II 4i'~ I 0 I 14 ''"'.4 L. I 4 8 I 14 2 1) 1062 I1 127A III 1017 9 13Fa; 17 14484' 11 tor tor Bus. Man. ...... Wightma n le Edit. Betts Richard' r e Bus. Man. Albert Nelsncn w Edit. Hamiltn i Opp .w Bu,;. rvan. Atkins Pare. k Edit. Mizra h .eimssinnr look Bar. Man. Bvrna. Wa lst of Pub. Cox KIes Einw olm ma inWill1e4n 1 1194 21L 1"111 7 89 22 1 14 19 1'11 19 I 2 ''i 18 1:'''. II 111 18 112.6 12 I 128 141 1 iii; II 125>8 18 112 1168 I 3'14 1097 11 6.K I214 President Anuir.;., 1279 r Mi ltd 1$ I l g 129 1 Snregr .1266 Van t 1137 etic Cain. Pres. g NnI tic Council V. P. H Gamm141) Pot(eh .9 702 letic CouncA 1 Sec. ltric ', 11141 leic Couinicil Membr l Mo, 917 t~arn Ratu .* 1 39 F ICltive Cotuncrl kk Acot d Cantro II l'grl ('s P Mnk (;ni, tfl ik Jon,. I1,1 "iim l.art s l Lanrt. LI Enia: klut ftfeth C Ibert To i ln M,1 eith 4)neSt (*:!! TS A N ~ Ihop Mu' LWrence *~t ky Ehrin b i C. X'nrll Ik A V;4 Ike Sr ii Pa'.,l UCA'rv)%. YnMOnW K, o., I a ,. ., 12 12 15 21 12 13 F 17 17 12 12 14 13 17 18 11 173 612 I9 I 71 52" 71 12 S2 I t3 fit) 7 713 744 7'47 45 I -d 1 1 17 1 5 18 15 17 12 21 17 71 794 ,13~ 78 11 71 5>0 71 71i 71 2a1 8 28 4; 2$4 ; 144 22 1; It 10 17 244 9', l 1.1 10 15 1 9 1'.! l2 it '.4 '4 '-'a 17 7G; 17 "W I 72 71 18 a. 5,1 72 74 ,I. I 12 21) ,01 14 47 37 34t 314 16 "., 4t o 36 :14; 36 35 32 :>5 '11 7(4 18 I6 75 ''4 4.'' 2'7 -46 43 I. 29 419 50 31' 419 '17 '11 .11 44 34 51 71 i4 54 1>7 594 5 7 89 72 70; 74) 54 95 91 Ft I 89 5, 82 71 52 17 744 55 78 5 56 71) .1 7 73 74; 60 GO4 7> Fi 71 594 17 411 141 8O 69 '2 78 67 744 73 ().3 70 1V C 42 45 84a 72 so F 2 1 1 7,,2 7W 941 44 DO 17 69 73 04 47 92 S 59 6 71; 71 109 86; I -4 I I 112 9~i 711 97 113 570 29 31 190 1f 1 11 15 131 115 649 1ll 10 W 65 2 123 158 776 128 121 878 108 119 557 125 101 873 110 136 560 125 118 1904 112 122 530 1'49 124 818 131 113 628 132 92 534 106 136 902 94 104 572 139 117 833 i Ii I aM.4 7:): 9' 131 (194 1 Zr; :1(; 845 118 95r 703 1:'7 94 ',Sf 108 142 874 84 132 631 143 93 762 91 196 130 106 132 121 92 118 116 134 117 754 707 879 601 641 7,(* 104 135 767 135 1()1 683 91 125 131 109 S13 135 95 147 724 720 775 601 113 112 62 124 123 822 l5r 137 922 87 f)5 F514 117 79 (84 117 138 744) (6 12 94 112 W3) 133 E.N(; I NEt-tl N ( (, egory I VlohNb i 'tntis Shis .r W ill mni 'ea .1mm Masters .44Ik P1I.rlet ''4 ( 'aw~,fcirc clo rn mIhl Wainmiglit.-.-.-. Honor Court 4 I NERAL COLLEGE; I 10 hard Anderson Bexfordl Gilliam('ottoi Nmadill Emmilett Smith AfiRICII.TURPl Elliot Whitehm-st Robert arley ARTS AND %(IN .John PB~rl -.lit' G;eiger J. M M4cLaugllil.-.-. 1rab SatterwhiteA R(hIITtXlt'RI jHarryv Lindlsey Milton Abramnis RIt'SIN.gsS ADMINISTRATION nloimea Cnklin. Sidney Mendelson Charles Davidson. Waldo Wallace 667 805 534 791 79 75 87 17 4 58 737 841 71 1(07 144 114 25 114 When Governor Cone Throws A Huge Switch' Tonight The Enginccr5' Fifth A nnual Fair Will Be lorrilly opene I It it pulali. _r\mial ai set tng tf whiining sirens brilliant lights and a I -gni sait''. tli.' gaavel 'n'r will sI titn on a platform i the Plaza of Americas at 7:34 to clos. th' gigantic' twople a'ectric switch. The f:Ar'. a tralitiin c; 1 m Fl(ridas ( llipus siiee its orig ina t ioil by :me nring SmIety it 19134, is dedicate-I this year to the state's hea I executive. He will be honored withI a ancluet ill Florida n Annex 1y the stutlents of the t of i'gneering >etwen"' the hours tof5 :15 and 7:00 h Is evermI II ri r to the 0 f I iIigI (.;ove-iorC on,' Ias b'en asked to primcipal 'iwakr at the banIIevt mw irIIis -x IetIel to he cane oif the 1m ist tfil ventss among Othernota to) .Nttend It' attain aro Arthu Ir I'. fit le. chair-nan cf the state road depart*mt'a ()t0.hK. m1'hiiuas Holmes, -hai r~lian of ti' state planning 11. (7. n iy. <rector (I VOL,. 99 NO. 24 OConnell Methodists From State Campuses To Meet Here Student Conference Opens Tonight With Rev. May Leading Devotional The annual Florida Me'thodist, Stuidenlt CMnlfrence will olen atonight wth a devotional sevice' lead lb ly'ev. lAmrie Htay of JacksnVille at the First Methodist I 'hur 14 ;t 7:.a )l.g'tec are exp1ctert trit all ll.g's in l Florida. ai It-a~ i~ "" nt" I It.' 'rl'r'rernia will le Il t th tni t Satr-day night in 'la a riii St Union A.ley. with lilly Matttews as 'i.; a At', Of 4'eremol miies ;itII I rI ..1 1), ollnger'. prominient St rdivntt. worker' of the nort't lein Methodist C(hurch,. riaking th it ;prcipaal address. 'opic's fcart he interest gr'ioulips v.lhich will nmeet Satirlday' starting a X:30 a m.c mt '1 'Sea cl afor' th Iteality of oIt;n''S. 'OCiai A'ti'n'' Camps Iro1lmi' an rl The Church arn its s sMsiaon In the Woldl To dtv' T se who will speak on ithesa tupiis ate D. M C. Brow Nash ille director of the McI bhorcst Sta1enit Moveinent. Rev. W. V. N eridetih, recreational direct or ciftile N art he rn Methodist ('him rch.; a1 1 rrowmbri ge, 1poIessi1 of a1l#gin s V c'I'at ion at f"Ii", a (Slge These Speakers will tie thhir respective themes il with ile gem rliI Ittileme of the ('inference. "The *clristian Issue Toojiff'icera olt leifilorola Methodist S t tici-ril Ifit 'i carc: Esther I 'yr'nc 1S('\ president; Dani I'nlce iSouthernta vi'e-presidenm I A nm t 1mrie ('111' SC ', 0ietamy: I I rol V.'lnat; ai 1 of Fla. a t Iealto er Springy Recess Bgins 0 Wednesday At Five h1 mArchie11' i:an9 1t. -lit 111 4 l "1'-vo' tI it g *'l,'t I a hu ats a 'a' ;iant ing their wa 11.1 t to tile s prmIig recess t In ii s '\ ifs'av It r):o4 m. firilly. anld extenlu]S 11r14gh Slnda Nloi'4t i the a n' .il I"' Moat 'f the frita'rnity lads. h'tw'evr. are prearing for a protrat Ieii cav-anili-nigh' round tOf social act mvity. Lassies fromI Tallahasce. Xirgia arln I ther points will tie h'rc to aMll too tle fun of Ie Ia ties tjivri,, srin'g recess. l1uiteinmties tlIhis week are shining up their 'adluwes cropping the:r lawns and landlaring sheets for tie expected girl guests. Fraternity inemnber.s are shining up their shot's. dropping their locks and getting fancy costumes in readiness for the festivities. Fra ternlitje.s planning houseparties are the following: rEtca Theta Pi, Alpha Tal Oniera. S91ma Epsilon. Tau Epsior Phi. Phi B1t3Delta, Kappa sigma. Phi Kapria Tau. Pi Kappa Alpha. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Sigma Nu. Pi Kappa Phi. Sigma Chi. Thea Ch' Kaovn Aloha Delta the aviation division of the state road dAcpartment, President John J. Tigert. Urtlminating weeks of strenuous labvr behind the scenes five enginvering societies. representing 0l depart ments of the college, will -ome into tile open and display their varad and spectacular creaions. Over 7000 visitors are expoectedI to witness the^ iteresting exhibits which typify the work carried on by the students in the College of Engineering. Located on the Plaza of the Americas will be numerous booths mi open air exhibits lighted anti decorated with streamers of flashing vari-cnlored lights. Benton 1all. Patody Hall. the Engineering Puil'Lng, and the Chemistry ir4il ding, which are to contain most of the displays, will be brilIantly illuminated throughout. liph ca tudle power floodlights ar to r',b played on the surroundili r'amnpiq. thus turning the night into a glimmering show. A routirng syst em has bee i worked out by the Industrial Society with the purpose of guiding spectators through the various buildings and displays. An instructive program sheet having a map of the exhibits and their locations on the back side will be issued at several points at the fair. This featured aid has received wide acclaim from spectators in previous years so that special attention has bcen devoted to making the service even more helpful to visitors of tiie fair tonight. Of interest to chemical enthusiasts will be the continuous showing of two sound films that will be thrown on an open air screen. One will be "The Wonder World of Chemistry." picturing scenes in duPont chemical planta and laboratories never before recorded for public view. Of particular interest to women are the scenes showing how plastics and rayon are made 7rom cotton and style show featuring the latest creations from man-made yarns. A complete and up-to-date water purification plant for a muniipal water supply will be in operation in the rear of the Chemistry building. It will give the public a bird's-eye view of how their ,vater is made fit for human use oefore it reaches their homes. For the more technical minded speed, a strobosope will be used to make the propell1 r appear to individual there will be shown the most modern equipment in use by chemists today ill making scientific determinations of the various characteristics of cheliilcals. Ilcluded il 4n t display of apparatus "here is to be a dry ice exhtliAt .hich will use solid carbon dioxide at a temperature lower than that at the North Pole. A novel exhibit will he shown consisting of a rubber wheel that is set in motion without the help of any human hand; merely turning on a source of heat near the wneel starts its spinning. The explanation of this phenomena will Le left for the public to determine. Thompson, long a wizard of the art of glass blowing will give a c ntinuoua demonstration of his -kill by creating incredible designedI glass appara'tii. Various types of aircraft en,ines will be on display including radial, rotary, in-line, anti V engines A Packard V-12 engine is to be loaded with a 3-blade Iwopellor and turned up to 2200 revolutions per minute. While the enoie :n t .if'.1i" at almost top sanri a? r.''. As inIi -, inurs.-'there will a et i fwrndry exhibit in wiich th.'.? wl be displayed several kinds of molls and a demontartion )f poring molten metL Cp-to-dIte welding methods shown in a specially con struited cage will be of utmost interest to spectators Outstanding aniong the new features is a scale iodel of the en Live University campus. The exhibit. which was constructed as a WPA project illOcala, is approximately 7 ft. by 3 1-2 ft. in izpxand is shown iii na tural colors. This should prove to he most interest mg to students as well as visitors The hydraulic laboratory. ;i usual will serve Il giving the public som.e of the most spectacular anad rhenornienal f-atires of the fair. Principles involving the hdraulic fit will be of educ'ttional value to visiting eri1ineers. A complete wind tunrpl with 1iiodel plane and scales for measnrern nt of lift and drag will be (xiibited to give aviation enthusiasts a general knowledge of how research is carried on ii that field. -f-e. FRIDAY, APRIL 1, 1938. Wins In FSP Landslide 4. LEAtHING in the-establishment f ine aocotinting fraternity., eta Alpha Psi. on thi.s campus was Tar. I. MI. !eights. To Select Beauty At Jr.-Sr., Proin "Miss Florida Co-ed" To Be Chosen At Dance Fldrida's rnost beautiful cro eI will be selected at. the JniorSenioi Prom April 22-23 from a_ group of girls representing every i leg in lie state, 14 Rood. chairman of the program comImittoe. a nriounced this week. Selection of "Miss Florida Coed" vill mark the first tinie srich a contest has been held in this "tate Lettern have been mailed to six 10i-iia colleges and universities asking them to .select their most beautiful co-edis ini the junior and seni(,r cla.sses. the number to be propairtia.nate with the total enrollmlent in those classes ill eauh y-cl'a. .'I A 'ked to participate were Stet,ont I niversitV. Rollins College, I ~iivt'si~vof 'ra npa. i T n iversi tv of' Miamli.Florrda State College for Women and Southern College. Pict urvs of the contestants will te exhibited in Language Hall priar to th.' Prom and juniors and seniors will vote on the 10 pretIiest. From these to Miss Floi.a Io-ed. will le chosen at the dat:" Friday night. Pe titians circulated last week asking support for the dance were :nonel1 % a sufficient number of at1.lants to insure fintacial sueres of the dante. it was said. reti.1v brewer and his orchestra nave been contracted to play for the Pror. Young Demo's Urge Students Register The Young Democratic Club of tie Univ.rsity of Florida is launching a drive to have all citizens of the student body who are of voting age register for the May priinaries. This year Florida citizens are not required to pay poll tax as a prerequisite to voting Steve O'Connell. president of the Young Democratic Club here, urges that all students who are 21 years of age register in their home precincts while they are Loire for soring recess ReE-straFlorida Debaters Win At Atlanta Tournament Snetman, Grimes, Harlow And Simon Are Undefeated In Finals ATLANTA (Special to The Alligator) -Florida's debate squad added another feather to their already crowded cap as they annex,.d the Southern Association of Teachers of Speech competition here Wednesday.F i;oing through the rounds without defeat, the team composed of Loiw Snetman Stuart Simon. Wilham nGrimes, and Tony Harlow, tht Florida men showed their ability as they debated the question "Resolved that the several Southern states should adopt a system of unicameral legislature." Snetman, winnc,, of the extemporaneous speaking contest at the recent tourney at High Point, N. C. again reached the finals in this event here and alo has reached the finals in oratory. Grimes, winner of oratory at High Point, has Jefested all opponents to reach the finals in the after dinner speaking event. Several members of the University speech department faculty will arrive here today to attend the conference of the Association. The party will return to Gainesville unday. Chinese Author To Talk Here Apr. 11 ('aalonel M. Thomas Tchou, for two years secretary to China's dictator Chiang Kai-Shek, will speak in Florida Union auditorium Monday night, April 11, at 8:00 p. m. in an appearance co-sponsored by Florida Union ard the International Relations Club. Theesubject of his speech will be "Changing China." Called by many China's foremost speaker and writer on labor welfare, Colonel Tchou has just completed a lecture tour covering 53 of the United States' largest cities. From Gainesville. scene of his only Florida lecture, he returns to New York to sail for China. The talk "Changing Chinaa" is a contrast of the old and the new China and is designed to give a clear picture, unclouded by propaganda, of social and economic conditions as they actually exist in the China of today. Colonel Tchou is the author of many books, dealing with housing, social, and labor problems of China. In addition to being a writer and speaker he is also a noted engineer, having planned one of the most practical model houses for the model villages being constructed today for Shanghai workars. Commander M. M. Witherspoon of 'the U. S. Naval Air Station at Pensacola was primarily responsible for bringing Col. Tchou to the campus. Initially the plan was to present him at one of the University convocation programs, but on learning that the series had been completed Director Matthews made arrangements to bring Col. STEVE O'CONNELL. FSP candidate who punched out a 147--vote victory over Earl Powers. Poucher Will Sail For Hawaii Today Sophomore President To Make Visit Of Islands Lester Pouzcher, president of the sophomore class and national president of the Future Farmers of America, will set sail this noon from San Francisco for a three weeks' visit to the Hawaiian Islands. Poucher has been attending a conference of the national organization in Washington, D. C., at which time he was chosen to make the extended trip with all expenses paid by the F.F.A. He was present also at the regional conference of the Workers and Agricultural Education Association in Chicago. While in Hawaii, he will visit the University of Hawaii and the other chapters situated in the island group. Poucher will make the trip alone and return to the United States on May 7. HALL OF FAME PICTURES Individual pIctures for Hall of Fame will be taken Monday from 2:00 to 5:00 p. m. at Alan's Studio. A group picture 4Ill be taken in front Florida Union Tuesday afbrmnoon at 3:00 p. n. Record Vote Cast As Over 2,500 Go To Polls Simonson Only UUP To Take One Of Major Offices By hlaynes Mahoney Culminating two weeks of intense propaganda, heated speeches, frenzied rallies, and general ballyhoo the concluding gun of the race for the presidency sounded early this morning as Florida Student Party's Steve O'Connell broke the tape 147 votes ahead of his hittcnrest rival, Earl Powers. University Union Party. What was expected to be a closely contested camrpaign turned out to be easy for the offspring of the old Democratic League, as 33 of its men rode the crest in the 56 offices on the campus, allowing only University Union Party's George Simon*on. new secretary-treasurer of the student body, to confiscate a top berth. A record election was recorded as 944 per cent of the student body appeared at the polls yesterday. 1166 of them cast their vote: for O'Connell, 1019 for Powers, and 332 for Independent John Schaub. In the race for other major posts the margin was even wider. Holloway became new vice-president by a 1336-1162 decision over Johnson; Spencer Burress was elected to t hat chancellorship of the Honor Couirt. by a 1415-1047 vote over Jopting; Simonson, most successful University Union man, defeated Fienrv Howison by 1278 to 1062 for the office of secretary-treasurer. Other predicted dog-fights wiuch ended in comfortable wins for FSJ' .nen were Rood over Wightman for the business managership of the Alligator. Cody over Bogachco.Af for managing editorship cof the Alligator, Nelson over Albert. for the business managership of the Seminole. Probably the toughest fight in the whole campaign was Hamilton's defeat of Opp by fifty points for the editor's chair of the Florida Review. 'Con structlovism' Ar Is Shown In Bryan Lounge Exhibit On display in Florida Union lounge is an exhibit of an entirely new form of visual art, termed "constructivism" and the work of Moholy-Nagy of Chicago. The exhibit is being circuited ny the WPA Federal Arts Project and was brought here through the School of Architecture and Allied Arts, according to Robert Delson who brought the group here and lectured in Florida Union Wednesday. It is an exceptionally fine exhibit and is being shown here before appearing in New York. Paris. and other world art centers. Tne principle behind the 13 paintings, 10 fotograms, and 4 pieces of sculpture composing the exhibit is that spatial relationships and the capacity of colors to pro-apable of arousing an emotional response just as musical vibrations of a symphony. The works are not to be considered as having any particular reference to any partieular idea, but on the contrary nav arouse different responses in -1ifferent individuals, according as each person's visual senae Is more or less acute. Delson. in his lecture, pointed out that the constructivist school of art grew partly out of University of Minnesota investigations on color projection and space relat ionships and partly out of the functional designs of tle New Bauhaus. a guild of commercial artists formerly of Berlin but now established in Chicago with Moholy-Nagy as director. The exhibit win remain in.lorThe Florida AlI kafor 7I 1 0 

PAGE 2

-in~.j .S. -*~.C% ~' Fair Is Outgrowth Of 1934(,CelebrationHonoring Golden Anniversary Entire Engineer College Joins In Proposal Fair Designed To Show Practical As Well As Theoretical 'The year 1934 brought the 50th airniversary of the founding of the American Institute of Electrical Kiginieers. With the beginning of tii+ -'ea rthe Student Branch of ,ht AI-PE at the University (if -loida felt a desire to appropriately celevrate this fiftieth anniver-sary of its parent organizaC. W. Tristie, then a senior in the department of Electrical Engineer-rig, presented the idea that perhaps an exhibition of the handiwork and ideas of the electrical '-iigineering students, in the form 4f electrical apparatus, would be interesting to the general public. le proposed that an Electrical air be put on, with each member of the Electrical department con.trntcting and operating some type electrical apparatus that woulti Interesting to other students Id the general public. The idea -'as immediately adopted by the itstdent Branch. Entire College Jows. As news spread through the (*oliege of Engineering of the pro"At that the ATEE had undertakAn. many students not in the 'hl-ctrical Department became interested. Very soon after the plan I'as adoptedd by the AIEE, the protosal was made that the entire I'ulet-ge of Engineering take part mt it. and thus make it an Fngi:ts' Fair. This proposal was hirniwiately adopted, also, and the IIIIe I(Illege began to get ready 1-Ar the fair that was to become IiiA' first annual Engineers' Fair. The students received unlimited f AA4ioeration andl encouragement turn IDean Van Leer, the heads of 1h#various departments, and i 'he prOimonrs. General airt :IAtii1naroswe 0a the Fair came to m more than tee commemoration -1 e fiftieth anniversary of the Propellor Club Hears Gaillard 3 i FLORIDA PLA ED HOST to the Amherst College. (f Amherst, Mass., debate squad here Monday. Donn Gregory anti Robert Ply represented Florida and R. H. Custer and F. W. Hutchinson. Amherst. The question debated, non-decision, was "Resolved that the National Labor Relations Board should be empowered to enforce arbitration in all industrial disputes. The men above from Arherst are left to right R. W. Reuter, C. D. Sager. Jr., Custer and Htitchinson. the 'nenibers of the other colleges an I t ,A the general t('IbiIc a more clearly defined cwiception of what i ntinvAring really is. Also. it was the pt rpjose of the Fair to show that the engineering student was Ieat-rning ntme than mere theory frot loAoks. It was tAA dernmnstrat* that he had not only ohtained a t heiret ical knowledge. >-)ut that he had developed the .ibitty to translate this theoretical knowledgee into actual practical applica tion. Athlete Here Also Th(late of the First Annual Intgineers Fair was April 20. 1934. rhis date was chosen because the State High School track meet was held at the University at that time. This gave the High School ,tutdents a chance tti see just what the (Colleie of Fngineering could Orn the morning or April 2) a special edition of the Alligator, termed the Engineers' Fair Editrii, was published. General news or interest concerning the Fairr and Si(or'ies of the mtore h i 'eresting jr'4j,.,ts 1 Wer' <arlied i the front A lar ge mntmer Af i ntere! ting pri '''ts were 1itionstrate y I F. I' Its aim was to bring to -'-Ach departmerit, each project beCOOL Manhattan shirt days for you if you've learned the simple trick of wearing Manhattan lightweight C 001L shirts. Have a good laugh at the weather man and relax in airy comfort. Smart colors and patterns in abundance -come in and pick your choice of Manhattan COOL shirts. ing a demonstrate() of some phase of nginet'ring tw f-stident had studied. This first fair was a genine success and le't with every one the desire to nauke it an annual at i r 'Ih' e itw <' omAmA1r ittt, liAd (har'g'' of it y S lcominpAo A.' I'(t (,. w. Tristie and Ow presidi!11 officer of each sttAienth 6ain-h nanely, K. S. Rizk, F. J. IIAAe, V W. :voss. .ack HayrinAnd. and If'. Dick. (;,mw) Atiend Navigat ion has made many term rkable strides in the last few years." declared S. S. Gaillard, ext( at tv'e agent tif Clyde-Mallory .nis. who was guest speaker at i. P i elit tlu ',s meeting Mon-j lIay. (hiillaid explained me new sysA Af determining ocean depth by at Le, thing a bell (on the hull of a ?hil The tell is mechanically rung --nd the ,restalisointd speeds9 to the iw t and I hack to the ship determine the depth by a ratio of swind speed under water to dep!i. This is useful also in detetrmining location as depths can be I compared to corresponding lepths on government charts and pos ition fixed. Modern equipment carried by siips includes: gas masks for fire fighting, efficient carbon dioxide fire fighting Lux systems, sprinkier systems throughout ships, sound speakers and talk-back microphones and thermostats for Determining location of fires. Lifeboats also have come in for tneir share of safety devices. New au lwhing methods, powerful motors and radio equipment make the it -)o)at capable (Af longer trips in te-%legislation provides for was .stirtated to be more tnan 6,AH M Fyta r si iv 193-1 th Y i e ( t project that has been outnas Yetn presitnted. In 1934 over Itariiing throughout the history of si L attended, white lt' rext year the Fair is the Sigma Tau booth. mAOSc than r.-0 ptison. art said Each year some type of guessing o have bet n inillattenca-w-. in e Il an-'is put on, and the person 1935 very few vital canig's werirtakig the nearest correct guens inadc in the Fair anil its pre,'rt-ives a cash prize. Other prorentatiAl. FAAr tthe first t imlie 'Ut 5lit' interest have been prepeuthe HAntlit t E ieri SA towty t lI .lniotion machines. vacuum assumed te rnIli ity )111ity If tuli Aorchestra, transmission of spilisoring the tit. -i -:r opisoAn over light beams. Packard -tior V.it ti A i Stident airiA' motor tests, stroboscope brant-h's. Thi' SIAA of Archiprottl'llt'r tests, pouring liquid :eoture also tilik joilt in 11hA' Vai r iet'l. glass blowing, hydraulic for the first tint. ab ratory exhibits, time star obit, the years 1 936 anid 19-'.1 the st-rvation, Florida cross-state caFair' onti liAt I ifIA incist in isize rat model, chemical house of magantI p lr'it y La-It year e ic, electrical house of magic. phoProj.'ctS were lenonstiated. The 1to-cell drinking fountain, and dem;tItInI r mt Itttefai11t.lf. A'.eA-hl yeinr AS-tration of remote controlN kzhot t peniodl.4 twice teach hiur for Ifrt-edom of the ether f(JIr distress rIgnar d nJls.Wi Ng nienRiberz Dofthe BIrcipeItoI club include: Patrick Erntnanut-l. Bet-nard Nordrnann, Joe Whittle.,~,Arthur Bulptv-. Ike Stevens, Arignt Russell, Dou~lglas Br4 oV i i and Gus Gautier. Plans were discussed lfoi a trip tol Tampa April 30. to irn-speCt hat b i tacilities. N. C. State Foresters Visit Local Club Senior foresters of the Urniversity of North Carolina were guests of the Forestry Club Tues day night at a meeting in the Horticulture Building. Dr. J. F. Hofmann, Director of the North Carolina F o r e s t r y School, told about their Forestry School and experimental forest. He commended the Florida Forestry School for their rapid Icvelopment. President Pryor of the loca] club then called on Prof. Wyman and the president of North ('arolina Forestry Club for talks. Af ter Phe meeting a genera: discussion and smoker was held The North Carolina Fort-ter, are in Florida ftr a two Ve'ks inspection of forest conDit;'r. here. Gostronomic Facts: At one meal. Graceland College's 211 students eat 100 pounds of potatoes, 70 pounds of meat. 30 pounds of gree'n beans. Players to Present 'Smilin' Through' I i t I I I -A T-t 211 2 I Tt i it -i t'l i' tokde. a~ pr-WiS. a: 1141 1 r AetivAir. AiIh1 : lin eAr St AHit ill Ide' M .I,! Jet, Thaki e. tt pla is nili tiu l it, At i i Il ( t. IIf p I '*on StaliS AA! [i.'h5t't.A1i a tt i l i'tlt Davi d Avant, st a gt' nia nager t it 'het Fl~t ida llave s. will I itA if; ('bage of thestage sett in gm. 'Smilin' Through' will the pitsented in Madlis'n. April 2x,1 :t' in Tallahassee April29. Scout Frat Grooms For Inspection Alpha Phi Ontga iemmbtrs this moaning prep;tred fo tihe biggest week-end in the citing fraternitY's historv. Scouters from all Aver the state arte tite iin tAAwNl intorrow t inspect the chapte Pn I jilin in a scouting progiaria fen.tured by the visit of Bill Lacy, the fraternitv's national field reUresentative. of Kansas ('it Y. The scouts set ip the date of th-ir Founder's Day program f tn April 13. tihe seventh anniversary Afi the chapter. t(, Saturday' be' ~. 1 GENUI-E N E N E P4E(R~4 "I 7-. I V / 0 Ask .rny man who has seen the new "Genuine Palm Beach Cravat-what he thinks of them, and you'll probab y be answered by -I bough-,t SixA" or "I bought a dozen," and I bought a whole summer's supply" and no wonder .They wash like new ...they're cool ...easy to tie ...and hard to muss. A perfect tie if ever there was onelI Baatu Cravat , -N st $he Palm koah Z7* --An foste~red in *'Lsqu&*a Le & L. MEN'S SHOP Shoes AndClothes for the Well Dres. M-. .L~t~ il' SlI AdA?.' I I 1 1 ftiAl t.i lt :jIt. k. litV 1Jt. 'Tv:Iking at To t I itso .it-t e 0 IAI)I t int e st Ii ,, 811 .( l 2: i it .AS? tt ('1t w ll" "iw MA.' i a tl11 I I I f n .-s iaulht X4i tdA Of A I' Ag Club To A Spring O~fficer, Tio A"wil '?, o ileAspring tft, 1 dzriit'-ting Mondt ,n he A' i'ultural A -* t I ni m ri e r sa nw'' \t'etiing \irch showed a rialve Africa. A* II.eetIng Wert anmom ';jeakers who willtAI, re PbS. Put tirer rill va rioshigh aef", r-w At t Tailored by HART SCHAFFNER & MAI -~ .e -. o There wasn't a lbigger stIle hit in the South. land lasti itter Ihaii 4ilfwepht (;naerdinel This ligh Iter-% eight ersioin of' Hart Schaffner N Iar .* fatirns" Ilinpeter Gaberdine was worn i w e ll-ure'eql nen from C.arolina to C~aliforiain. No, that, siimuner'. marching North. Gulf%eight (aberdiine' a stre bet to repeat its E'omtiest 1s.Amn. of' partivdlar imporianee is otir mew h4arlpnnpagie shade. Hiere'i a fabric it lithe ooliiig sparkle. the rich goldenglint, of rare wi e. A t, as yon Lmow gaherdine is not ontly onle tf tithei.et-looLing nen's clothiiig fabrics. low also one of the most rinke. remistaint atal l igeit ca rin. It rnarchcd through Geo Took Florida by Storm1 NOW IT'S CONQUERING THE NORTH $32.5 Double and Dixie Weave SUITS $27.5O single breasted. Drape and plain Attractive spring shades. I _L* & L MEN'S SHOP I I YOOoLBY c000Cool ~ dcool -H $200 t", and $250 COOL SHIRTS Li & L MEN'S SHOP SHOES AND CLOTHES FOR THE WELL DRESSED MAN M .--.-. ... I k I I D -7-= 7e e seem g e eenl t FAIr"It, IrMonI t I 

PAGE 3

,A .t-h d 9 ldraulic Lab To Study -t-o Sdy Tt rLOIP A A LLATOR Water And Its Effects To Be Finished By September pment Will Be ed With Best d In South' bExperiments Designed 1 Provide Scientific ats For State Use new hydraulic lahtbtiatory & university; an iniortant 01 the College of Engirneeirig Engineering Experiient g noW under construction #gl be completed by Septern1, i38. ,*laboratory is of monolithic concrete construction. -building covers an area b go feet and is three stories The building, complete with mot adequate of any sinuiiar ory in th Sc111th, will ctst 000. Wave Tank yf north wing of the building a huge wave tank, one *largest in the United States t'Uk, one of the !nost oultunits of equipment, will ,ued to study one of the most problems confronting the of Florida today that o(i and shore erosion. Everv property damage to the ex9f hundreds of thousands 1)f A is done by the uncont rolled of the waves against shore property. An enormous waste to the citiof the state results from the a raw or improperly treated .This laboratory will provih it. Axperimental waitti treatment fptration plant whereby th"of Engineering and Itiet of chemistry can st y lv solve problems relating ttt the action and softening () ,thus furnishing inftrniiation hch can save the state rutiy sthe cost of the laboratv ill field of municipal watcr Sihaalone. Sewage Disposal ?be population and intdlistrial e!opment of the state is I b( 0ao great that the ahnost inise1 method of sewage tlisposal merely dlumnping the wastes i t ms, lakes and ocean is threatg polhition tf the ovtrtt i iniiis, lnd is dest ro ying tish IrIfe i My lakes and p(1nd.;. Bathing es must be kept clean and from sewage pollution. This oratory, in tcoopcerat icn with departments of chemistry, HiD and Bacteriol gy will be pLipped with the necessary fit lr for investigating problt'iii tis nature. At present there is mo suitable Mating place in tha statt' ttr "'th. htor Works Opertors Slit 6Me," the "Sewvage ()lperato t5 brt 'Course," and other such ,s interested in the study of Olems related to vY iraiilit and / )Iil'Ai ~GIll of' IiKA for 193S is Iirenc' (mi.trie : c' .fneS her. iscru debut in Para-moir x s "(',1ilI' taiADPi of Wittenberg College S t It I I t g inerini t Therei t r> c e ill th1w state FI(rid)f where 1o '1,ui Ikle Is call obtaitn informI aion on the Ilfrictitnal resistalice of YIi t-sInt tf. i II hulls, pIropellr -:peeids, pitch al thl ialieteri ot 'proele, i 1d other Iroble is cci.l d Iwith ; boat dtsig II arid p)r)pul ila n. W h t n c(alplet 1i. t I Iis aU A"it t4r 1.%W l al o pl.v stply l th 111 lm ly Othwr bh 'lly nct-l Ifit ( ilt ic.". i11 addhit it to Ilie direct b lieI t It ithe state. tIhe lab rat(tcrv 11 1 1 111 in il v et benlefilt (t) 111n 1i story a( t IIt. state im gerleral tI I)I Ii t le-st rI I iristr -lt Le d DSP Grand Secretary Honored At Banquet (;ael Scrt-tIry Il .C Wright If Delta Sigma Ill, internationW hnoiarv commerc ol a business fraternity, was guest speaker at the trat erni t y's Ianqiet hel iii the p I l I se ( "tI I TIit41av. The nmeft dI I-%as tot41hl't hetr. lllis ff wt NObIdiga 1414Iogt1, i t. I I, n ijt whi h dI I1 ) 1 )l iek ItI the <lrgazat itn's piellienlt service wer1 in otrmt(I is to l ctin of The not io )Si t i t ibwi t I it iS w bIiIg ii plteted iII ni'ersit v u N iiiest a labhoratories Itll ric-i t' ll-ma briez c." SPORT SHIRTS Sltli lnli d s Iim I1p 4'the-,i c '. t Ii 1 i 'a ti t hit g e t d tl, ied Iyet dh811(1 1 a i Cool ,. h rt\a h-Irf I 11d't a II Sred ~ wjca I. t' sn'le'" I. 00 Ic L & L MEN'S ; ShOes And Clothes for the Wei! 2o5O SHOP Dressed Man Sigma rau Pledges II 'IitU1jsilIonI ('it '' te r of Sigma Fa 11, it(ciii ii-ary tnig i nering fr-aI tlit.V, this w ik ple getd T. K ic h, I. N. A t;.;. .V. KarI, P, I Vau II1, ( '. II .Ir ni tt I.~ ~~T J.ltcs \.'' ig 1i s C. M. e'r andtl .A. ilsir. I ctlessor titiami 1 .S\ rtweve-r w chnled-to h14114rar-Y mt-11bwr-hip For picnic or promenade .. suggest you start out by loo over our Jarman Sports ...F soft, Snow-White Bucks to smartest new combinations ventilated "'Tropcal" styles' Jarmans will harmonize per with the rest of your towr country wardrobe, Drop in look them over. IuEA~T I.", '4 U. Of F. Gets Largest NYA Check Of 15 Florida Institutions ri ven hundred ninety-two stiNYA iindlr the 1937 reLic-f alcprodents in 15 Florida education inpriations act. This year's national stitititis are receiving financial tituota of rien was 7;>993, as ecenipart I with 124 ,x liriu'in the assistance this year under the at!193437 5cho00 rinniqtration's student aid proWilliams explained, owever, Sgrm. according to Aubrey Wilthat while the quota of students *liaiis, executive director of the represented a 39 l'r cent reducNational Youth Administration. tion front thi previyu year, the His figures upon individual al;tWI al number' of t'lludaets aided I lotrnents named the University of during Decerber, 1937. was only Florida as receiving the greatest 32.6 per cent less. This was tri'le, i:nount of assistance, with 229 he said, because many institutions :tudents drawing a yearly total of reduced the average monthly pay$34),510.00, and monthly payments nment of $15 on which quotas we-re of $3 390.00. hascd in order to assist as many Monthly allotments to Florida students as possible. educational institutions thisyear December, 1937, preliminary figatiount to $11.880, Williams said, Ires showe a total cl 95.r23 roland yearly alfotmentA $106,920.00. l'ges anti gradute students receivThe total includes both college and ed an average wage of $11.72. isat rate aid. .Below is a preliminary list, subThe national total of students je t to correction, of state institureceiving assistance, he said,was tions participating in the college approximately one-third lesm than nd gradute aid program, with st year because of a "substantial quotas and monthly arid yearly l decrease" in appropriations for the 'ttmerts as annouiiied byWil1 am 5: h-t itine-(ookman Cillege. Eiward Waters College. "horida A. & M. College .. Flotrita Memorial College Vllirida Normal & Industrial Inst. PI ti d;i Sout hern College. lcori arState College ft ci en tiit John B. Stetson Universit v. Palin Reach Junior (,'ellege. Ringlin, Junior collegeeg. itt cins( Coltege. Mt. 'Petersbirg Junior ( clle tniversitv cf locrida Iniversit v ci inima T iivlsta ycitrlj FOR C tt-, ( PICNIC OR C' PROMENADE 37 14 2) 15 26 6 .14 9 225.00 2, 4425.0 1 .4450.4 9.720.04) 2.115mc; 14.035.04)1 *E.0 4,444 750.-1 94.00 510.4 21 I 4.) 1.*X90.04 37:, t) 3.375.410 3.3911.014 4 311,5 1l1.04 930 :37.04 1/ n M0 ;' $ 55,.14 $ 4.995,-00 240.00 2.1 6C,.04) 9311.011 X,37 0.00 71c $11 .554.4 $ 14t;.jo2 0.t. I ., e king From the and out ectly n or IaLIA SHOES FOR MEN $500 $750 M05T STYLES Lambda Chi Alphas 1 T7 A I /I I trua*ting 31 students in his -rteati i.ig clini." 1 .1 c P(--.qo,. wo tav radneahil rorm New Chapter'of children in 'he third ,ralv of public schools have Ieen-r to'und A large delegation of Univerariong college Stillerits.' I )I. sity of Florida Lambda Chi AlBetts aid. "The fact that they are pha fraternity merabers are presdoing acceptable college work, alent today at Florid Southern ColI though handicapped by rudinenlege, Lakeland for the installation tary reading, is a glowing testiceremnonies of the 90th chapter of monial to their general intellithe fraternity there. genee." Tne ceremonies will continue through tomorrow, with several Students Study Art persons of national renown taking ..i.a.o Ipart. Gueift of honor will be Noel O Civilizaton G. Sargent, natiotial president of ~ii.-a Chi Alpha anti secretary PHILADELPHIA, Pa. 4ACPi of the 3a.:4onal Assoistion of The University of Pennsylvania ?Ianufa4turers. Also pr-sqnt will here has created a department of be Leo F. Mucha, traveling secAmerican civilization to train sturetary o! ihe traterity, ail Mickdents who wish to specialize in the ey Cochrane, manager of the Dedevelopment of social and cultural tr.it Tigers, who is a Lambda Chiinstitutions. A~l pha.The course deals with American literary, political, social and ecoProf Says IJ noniie history, and is described as Reads Like A Child ing in line ""wit" the modern re hdin education which breaks lown when necessary the tradiSTATE COLEGE, Pa. iACP itional limits of university depart,Joe College reads like an 8-yearments of instruction in order to old third-grader, and at least one. meet the real needs of students." college professor is doing someOne of the features of the course thing about it. will W it. stressing of the c)nDr. Emmett A. Betts of Pennflict of ideas and means tof'desylvania State College has conterrnining the rightness (cr wronghlieted exhaustive researches which ness of these ideas. "When al-proves his point, and he is now thorities' flatly contradict each Civil Engineers Bid Fwr Exhibit Honors The CivilrEgineers department 4 the Ellgineers' Fair, featuring suc i delnoinstratimns as those of the State of Florida piann:ng survey propt,. ill hid for top honors hiring ine other departments. Actual pictures taken by aerial i pittography will be displayed and ts zinplicatien in modern mapping will be explained ley attendarit.9 at iris -xhihit. A inmtirn sewage disposal pIlnt Will e*, on exhibition and it can he seen without the usual incon!eiente surrounding such an exThe Civil Engineers department vill also include such demotistraJons and attractions as the foihiwiig: Zeolite Demonstration Filreis, Engineering drawings, Calculaiin!r Machine demonstration. instrument disp'ay, highway n '.erinl. labor'at'y. A. 1. S. C. moe1i4 picture and the Florida Portlant Ceert dipla. other or perpetuate rumors as history. a university 'which is older than the nation itself has a dity to present the truth from the 1iwer il rather than from a tory or a radical standpoint." one of the cit 1rse leatlers stated. I JWhy wait. 'V. I %~ 1 'S 1~. 4 1' 1 cat, '4 $ a' See them now and get the surprise of your life Also, enjoy their smart comfort. preview of the new Palm Beach models in sport suits, lounge suits, evening formals and cool slacks. New whites ...breezy Airiones and blues. irowns and grays. Their perfect washability ...open weave and enduring shapeliness ...are three gifts you won't find in any other suit on earth ...and, speaking o0gifts ...note the price ... $17075 THE NEW PALM BEACH TUX ENSEMBLE $20. THlE NEW SPORT CUT SLACKS $5.50. L.& Li MEN'S SHOP SHOES AND CLOTHES FOR THE WELL DRESSED MAN I I (1 a '1 I;' 'I, 4 I f~1 I SEE AND BUY THE NEW p ALm BEIAC H SUITSi 7 C M ww1 r NY'N -4 lb~ J / A1 We've prepared this L.&L.Men's Shop SHOES AND CLOTHES FOR THE WELL DRESSED MAN I I PAGEt UIPt--E 

PAGE 4

TOM LEMNARD ...EDITOR-IN-CHIEF A^1I1NI) I)ONNtTTE .MANAGING EDITOR aer ~ B itb -Py t ST,.1 nrp ,' ,m' .dt a 5u' rittnu Rats. Look Behind The Brilliance for True Engineering Today the Collegof Enginelli g lbrates its fifth an nual fair. On the face of it there is just cause for celebrating. The fair is bigger than e'er, more scientific, shows tile result5 of more timwe spend oil it and is drawing even larger cro\' ds. True to dhe theories of progr's. the fair is growing. H'oweVer, these signs are \isible to all. For them we give well-earned jrai, e. But behind the Irilliance of its iore spectacular features are other features not less im portant which the general public never sees. Or, more specifically, which the general public never realizes, for it is impossible to look in any direction without seeing the results of engineering in one form or another. Such work as !he new hydraulic laboratory being constructed. enlarging the Chemistry building, mapping the State, and ntimerous other important but unnoticed activities also deserve our acclaim. In other words, the aN e-inspiring disjIlas which draw people from all over this state and many nearby are but overt indications of the actual knowledge and mechanical skill to be fouInd il the College of Engineering. Dean Weil, his staff and every member of the college do far more than can be indicated or inte-rpreted to the general publir. it is the work behind it all that really counts, that is of lasting benefit to the lliversity, the State and humanity. -D. E. B. Register While At Home For Democratic Primaries NolA that the campus election is ovel' ald we have (1111. minds oi the spring recess, wh ich begins next Wednesday, let us convder the duty which we have t our state and national govern ment. Our camuS J)t politics seelms mightyy iOportanIt to some of us, but it is not as flIMIportant Is our part iin tile hUger field of government and politics. Each one of ts who is (]d enough to oite should, if he has not doIle so alleady. begin to conider the, principle aid the qualifications candidates poss-ss for the offices to be voted this The itmportallt t thing. how ever, is to rvg A' l.el h yIl y go h(111* for spIlll 1,0Css, -giter for the priia y ilvctim ]. Registration will cost you wi hing thanks to our Stato Legislature. As college iwen, we should have 1h w c(1l( responsibilitv close ell(tligh to ouiIF hearts to make us vote. This talk about sou college students will become the leaders of tolHnlrr(Iw should be true. L'et' begin 114w tP trails (l selvCs to take the lead ill the political affairs of (url goveIIlliellt -lmt through rulliling for office. necessarily. We can lead by intelligent consideration of the pirinci ples and qualifications of candidates f i puIbl iC office. Alligator Finds Fence Is Painful, Uneasy Seat Iii ih' fii ut at tlilp I I re ai :ta imtpl;rt ial orgali. Ihi Alligator has justly ,c.augh t it froll all sides, from every faction. \\e fouled the fellce we were I rYing to straddle has a strwid of effeci \ (I hat Ijed w i I. In alIo iag tw''rllecolcilable groups to air heir vie\s and their opinillls of' 41t('h other ('1 this page has brought do-n lire froin both ,Ides-oii the editor of this paper. lie deserved it. To the American Legion, we owe an a polofgy for mllaterial colitainied ill all articlee printed o1 this page. The author o f thai article and the editor of this 'uiblicatioi regret those remarks wOhich tel'ied to hlsmil'ch the reputations of inividuAl members of the AliChI' T'll4 fm lv fault w hinch Iliight ho ch cd lo the Aillenicall Legioll Is ',11;1!r ()f the nmenmbers of that patriotic gri'ip. in zi creditable effort to check L.t, rtwt h of .radical elements. have ild(1t-ed other groups without. it see ns to Ml ffi Cent evidence. it might he stated. ili extinuatlijom. that the author of the article. 'in Defen-,c of the Legion.-as writing in a -The Florida Alligator I -% 1 I Ma! ter at the J',tirifl' F.or ia. ror the At of Malrh 3. 1 S' r, r t oar oirrn mithe. or ','e .hi'?t fojrt' ,tl inn f r r, ,''s." f,%. Eat 1-wsrs, iuitw r -i' .MN lagr. T r A r t )' S >'a '.n atlc l %cil a ls dddot d al 11,re >tik (Ill''a t' l () .,,rt 1ack Ithc suljct a'Iii 1111. i ,t lt 1-i) C. ia i I I I f, not. Let it be tllder'ood naft he ,Ahlgator I> Oi t1h sid] of Denmocrac.-agamat Col)nInunisi, F asci'alii tii d various other Ills ( we'e been called all of thell). To iarlaphlras. 1 San1 Idh14loffenzti'n4, Let's Stop A Minute And Look Over Our University's Needs What does thi-t l iversiI Y need!? Before. inmaginasti rti wi 1( in an effort to answer that qtlestionl, wa e might ja use lon g e nongh to divide the many ieed-s ronugh l y 1int1o t w'; o catagories)hysical and intellectual. Of Juese two, few will deny that 01u-r j)hlysical needs are as great as, if not goater than, our intellectual needs. No one wil insist that any institution of lea'nimng can long sur-vive with out a Capa)le sta 1, but 110111etheJ ess, even the Most Ca ) ble staff is helpless without adequate facilities in which to Whiirk .Stephen L acock 0nc! .'itid that if he 'A el'e btlilding a t Llversity ho would first get a i smoking rionl. h-en a (ildol-IlitnolY. thet a reading room and library, and then, i' lie hlad am'v money left, lie would get some textbooks and a professor. Perhaps the satirical sage was too hia rd (i professors, but there ('an be ljo doubt that an w,,titution of learning meeils alaquate physical facilities. And there can be eq ual doubt that the n iersity of Florida needs such physical equipment as mon adequate buildings for I1ct1urc a<la expeiment better housing. ali inipi'oved heating steme, more p P\ed roads, a iid increased intramural facilities. To <ate we have obailed lua' of thes, finallced il part bY the Sta au in prt p \\'lPA funds. Lilt thel' is a delfilite ned for' iore. Not that we're not satisfied with wxhat we have already receiVed--\\ I A hI' Ip jloi ben i\vatlablh-btlt xith progress COMC addo'd bur-dells. 'ealizing this. the Alligator has beent carrying Oilnvestigations into some (if the imre pressing needs of tef l. er"its' 'wilt ite inge eId il view to (do ofthinig about thiem. i cIr eqtuisifII ((tion of al v i sort is \i iFrolls alld deterwi il led 1cm ratjol l f ill (th 1'JIrt of those iI\ol\ed. And preiifliitl to this coopcriition is the neled loI al'ous a whcolehearted interest jl tile probenis at haldBlie-lvinig that tlliinitial itel t call best be arotlsed by appealing h 1l'ougl 50111l4 ilclw-liv( inedil illto both students an i( Phi(iti2s, tile Aligatorii has taken tit( task uponl itsvh t. ( I .l. hlt t ;itI h is pilnt .II the \ale of such a progratmii since is :() little (of the ;chool eal. left. Our' answer to that is t se This p'ogrIamII is hot for thfn i'llt., but fol The .eai'l It is only through continued effort that an Ie rSuLtS C< l W l i i .-hat the Alligator s'k'to d1, is pro\ (1d twl illitial a pctus to it progra m l v hich %\ill last a year, fi". -years. teit 'vers, f'oi'ever. ( )fcol-e the lis aIleady a plog raiNIII ll dlrn n l .It h 04-11 e l iC lle fou din of th l'ix iwiy. B t lo I11l(-]h of' thi w',xi'oii'k has b0 left it a ei alrvldy\--ovengo ed officials of Ih school. ceted interest an acl ion n lie part of 1h1 ;t udents, the mlost pl\ erful force uIf f ie whol I' s stcmSf), in ,rd r 1(1 t y i rY 1)s m lwn il,.II(.I I-!;' d l ihI I IS i1 st1lld 'llts the Alligator will. starting next week, present a st'4i 4f feature stories ()i University ol' Florida iI!eds-thoso needs which are I 15s ulssi ng ai d whichI ca I e sO'(ve by -. i d 'it et f f4 )r1-. a t i' Its re (t intend~l tobe empy t*i forthe I11ittalinahle. hut J I I I, d ea %.I )I. to he a mI v 11ltIt I tn acc i ra l c Is il 1 l) 11v \\'hre ue ae abe. e wil sggest I.Ilt I Is I' u1IaIs to actI In'I. But at least we wc ill p )reI'-ft theI tru.II'eed's I an effort to point )wto 0a 0 fwi a 1ong-ra 1ge program w1c1hic'h 'anII survive only by st ud e I t ,; 11po rt Thvoste enlgilneeri 1t)g st udllts yw z put oil a good show. \\e are sI1i(?eI ill rlVc0mmenliding that you go over to,night. and mar' el at their exhibits. CommentI AmA 'Rat Cap' BI Hugh T T'atter-o %% ritiig Laboratory 118 S "on a rat fap. the svniaml of te'n rnannl in i this liiversity. My dutv is to proclaim to the v.'orld that my owner is a ''rat.'' and consequetntly he is subject to zii manner of cori and frequent chast isement. 0 r1y first day at t he lI'nivert I was placed with unnecessar firmness on the back of the head of a-n awaiting freshman. my_ hew (owner. with instructions to ins( ribe "Rat -----" whatever his nal, was upon my upturned peak. MY owner wvas Justly proud of inc because I represented the attaininernt of one of his ambitions of many years-going to college. Put we "rat caps" are not always looked upon in this light. We are sometimes thought of as de,raorng to our owners and objects of riticule. After the first newness had woin off. I became just a part of my owner. I was automatically Pulled pff every time he entered a ouiiting and usually pushed into hioI back pocket or on top of his desk. When he wished to travel anywhere I was his ticket. A boy wearing one of 'my species can nearly always obtain a ride along the road. I rni getting otoer now. and my color is fading a little. The rain has smeareil the narne written on my peak. and I have become a Ahalwless mass in geretal. Finally the time comes when my owner is no longer required to wear me. I am hung up on the wall and used only when he needs a ride home. Yoars later I shall become one of l:s treasured souvenirs. When he looks at me I will remind hin ,f the davs when he was a "rat" and I was the object of derision and corn. ,MV tribe will liVe on because we havt bixctomre a symbritlxul of the Universtv ani a part of the lives of those who attend. We represent the beginning (f four years in which there wa'work, to N, sure, )mt also joy and happiness. Newspaper Columnist Dorothy Dix awards $10o annually to the, 'rulane University student writing the nest human interest story. Theirc have been 17 wars since rgni:ng if the treatv of the ''war ind wa is' EARL POWERS .BSINI VOL 29; NO. 24. 0AEMBR OF THE FLORIDA INTERCOLLEGIATE PRESS ASSOCIATION. ------SINGL rON./ giPyS L% 44A0tm THE 6000 5wkDEWS AT THE COULGEC OFE T CrTY OFNEW YOZO mE PLANS'0 B A CGA.l. ENER. p V "~t F 1 I, DR. J.A. GAMEWELL As TEACHiNG AT WOFFORD (LGL RP 65 YEARS! HE IS THE OLDEST LIV I ML'4MorD (' op V. ouP 41DLA av' 'T I ii 4 F / -g t 4 9Ii,~;, ,~ 'L-" 1/' I // / / / L kO$SF PARTIES AT OX FOR.D U ENGLA), AR EHLDIN TP Twisting The Dial R % Tom Watsgoi Ilahig Completed Its Seventh Week of Broadvast: "Anchors Aweigh." wi%%tk"F-s Wednesday afternoon variety studi presentation has proved itself worthy of at least whatever degree of i*>te this column can g:ve it. At the sound of three bells fiv' thirty to you landlubbersI Admiral Rabbit Robbins. the salty an swaggering four Sons of Neptune. James Walton and a weekly gues artist take possession of the ether for a half-hour of rhythm. ro mance an'i memories. 1h, program is huilt around an imaginar thirty minute musical the listening to iook Organ Fans might be interested 'hat in tie near lutule .e'Ntly piopulal nickie be called upon to bear t ior.nal Iopetating expl American Federation of is drawing up plans f manuing of a Royalty t-rty million dollar ind rwyaltfiea iu vLu u divi the musicians Wio mi Cordings .Aliothex cia poor misunderstood jio tie decision of the Nat Station of Performng. ple -Iit the fecotds o( ie os mfoin tin ag player The A iligator Forum 1.p'n lttl vt I-. Lanmba (:hi Alpha, h:3lila lil. Sigma Alpha psin. P'i Kappa Alpha. and Sig ma 1 11 Kipsoilt, ;.n :. ien. Siice tie advent or 5pSoling I have watched with gteat ititerest yoi lur fcquelt and liberal sprinkiII of' the sidewalks running in front if your respective palatial ii1i anl' saind I have coztw to t he that litrmatter how reat your eflot you will never lt abl. to ralse one dani spear t grass ill that ((emient. I icalize Miat servi VS you rendr t hi Umatrsity and the city, out nuist you include free showers bir all who pass by? Y"u wofess to be soial institun.i. is it askmg too much to vxpe t a little courtesy? Y"irs for iiy tet and giassless 1 cimel (;. Hall. tIit la AI Iri ga "Birds tf a feathlir fl-k I#)gether." say the old troveri) that re e all f amiliar with. Experieio, has taught me how oniniPiow~eiful this statement is in all aspects of life. Its validity L9 evi'encedl lhv our labor unions, which are composed of "birds of a leathSr.'tby our political parties. our i uliqtrial organizations and most Ilnipjrtant off all it iL evidenced by 'he keen degree of (lass distine;jr that xsts I our infimtoiv coltplex society. "However. there is one organization supposedly founded on the ratherr basic qualities of all huInanity: qualities that will endure iortg after this civilization has rinliled. that because of its promore about Election C ntitei From Page <i)me EDUCATION Tim Hay Roy Michael ICNGINEERIN( Sam IA'arren Alvis Green PHARMACY Neil Bitting Marjorie Baldwin LAW S .0. Carson UCcrge McCaughun. 31 74 76 15 19 35 9u) iessei een, humuarilta wuil at least. attempt to f rt, comisidertat lii )andI It all classes, includin I refer to the cliurcli thiei interest ini there ihetent qualities of ltanili hs capita I-acquit') thN profess to love hi (i % wnet oem lie is Avenue or the lower Ea 'asl they should love h the% 1101the disciples does not God say, ''Lve Iboi Ias thyself ?. Unl howeverr, it seems that clJ(es of God are failin mize their dluty to mar iie ignoring the man w thty are cultivating cli tioIn even in their ownc To substantiate tnis ofier the following evil ing tht past several we noticedd ill olte ofC people's church unions card with a beautiful haired terrier and the I pictured thereon with t .( liose your friends boldly written under pose for a moment yoi of A erica's m a n v starving and beaten discarded by the bette liow would the poster I believe I can say with tion it would cut keenly ly. especially it you A Go'i-iearing religious had the courage to sn face.of all this discoura cause you believed though society has disl 'ou can still turn to G( cihples antd His house of Never nave I reau a more contempt' If th and followers of this church were so weak it that they couldn't affo 'iate with the lower cli of too great and nume tations changing THE sa they aren't worth disciples of God. If the ers in God's army I say be strong enough to g mass of lowly creatur out by society--not t 'rom their door-and I baftle to win and save Very truly yours, Miarvau i. 'I t Sruise and I ,sit %t may say -so. well worth to know inder tit theory that jook organ these curriidietwes a re not appreciative eater s will an add:*i"""iRh "f mi alart sense. Tn It Appears To so f Musicians tthat maestro Benny ( .ooimnan's or the (lefiae swing unit is just albout to fr(t 11 t IS mtiruhle Iown abotit his ears. 'What Austry. Th, .i h a -ew ('(intract with Camel e' a.;rr a series of programs featuring a~e te reH iJ i' 'antor, along with art RCA ck at th Vi tr i-ontract Itlir forty-eight k tirgan :-s r-rI siiss it w'tulol seem ional A so' lit he ns riot in a fiititloll to At tist. t i, liither oI ssensio n within the its n m.aI iks. ill ti'i, 'T tas (if the case are that .1 ameis NIu111101"', rfa r'sstar tnegui arraa er. ant Teddy Wilsorn, I~gitnizug fingered trio amid quarlit piaqst. have lth announced o,411t .v' fmnite sten iins of withdrawo ffer coiitmg fr-mint Ihe itin to join the alsympathill ready ft'iv rmeo 1e Krupa Swing the poo Poind Lionel Haimpton. famed vi1 te lhfit a ist ;i otman t ri (fluarttt i anil ireatiur of "Jivin' the blecaiLwi rif \'ilhr-e'.' is also seriiusy (c'(nsidernaiieunt Ing wtithirawjng go with Kfupa. in rather'Such a catastrophe as this leaves -ng iil)ilI I.", uiiman with only a lot of meanin, regardmn's -wing from his little black "i i ti I',Ii '" I i tt ist Side. At A'eitording To NR 4 of (I01 kl] inletins Ihue oifist perfect transthv llei;g.; "iss-oithat n modern radio enforturtnate science can devise is bethese di.it -used by the National Broadg to r' ogtasting companyy engineers for the nKind; tne '. ni crt series by the newly creatho is w N(' Symphony Orchestra ass distinul; ier the batrins tif Artur Rodroup. inskaid Pierre Monteux. All RNH' facilities used in the nationstatement I I k bhr.'aifrasts have been subdence: dur~tm ret#di ti l thi' most amazing of weeks I ha icl ,Isr s At ?tie same time. ad-vantour young ag, has been taken of the daily rea large plahmarsals tif the 92-piece orchestra white wi-' To onduct an elaborate series of tuwly skunk i'xp-i'ritents in aloustics and miche warning ':>1.huinie placement. with care Siecially (onstructed mil'rfleath. Stillphones receive sftund frtmn a heartu were one shaped area in front of them. Thus thousand extraneous noises from rear and individuals, sides of microphone are eliminated. 'r society. Tests have proved that for a balstrike you ? anced pick-up of the full quality lout hesitarf the orchestra. microphones must Y and deeplie placed forty' fee directly in 'ere(i of the he Ilaced fort .'feet directly itypo Itat tw-t lv feet ali(VP the le'el of the Mile in the otichestra. gement beJust Eleven V ears Ago that even jazz began to approach its aesthecarded you. ic peak. Now, more than a decade d. His isine its initial challenge forpopuworship. 'aritY. jazz iswingo has at last sign with gained the stamp of -public ape members proval. No matter where or when particular kce turn on our radios we can hear n character 'ntonations in swingtime. Sweet rd to assofaced old grandmothers storm the ass for fear hallro.ims. check their arthritis rous tempand truck. Children torAdle home M, then I fron grammar school and shock y of being their parents by asking pointed y are leadquestions about "gut-bucket" and they must "harrel-houw." go into the Lr'uis Armistrong. Benny es thrown ,tan. Fletcher Henderson. Edward urn them Kenntdy Dukei Ellngton, and a fight God's iost of others have, since 1927. their souls. torn down -virtually all the objections of self-styled moralista and -A-'t-teforxuers who pointed With horror TOM FLEMING Fred Cantreli E.D ROOD Bob Mr-CfrrY Merle Wads-orth JOE MIZRAHI CAretd AdvtC At Ad ec 'I Took A Wasserman, -A& Student Who Wants Cerlaji By lDenit" Dabney MONDAY My roommate is in the infirmary today. and when I went over to Bee him I had quite an experienc e. Rod, the fellow who lives it) the next rorom. started talking about taki:g a Wasserman test to see if he had syphilis. He had read in the All'i~or that the infirmary was ofng the test' free of charge, and he knew from his experience as medical assistan. in a CCC camp that it didn't hurt when you took the test. So I said. "Well, what the heck. if you're going over to take the test I may as weH go with you.,' So we went. Janie griteId us with her usual pleasant smile. We inquired about my roommate and sent her upstairs to -take him a couple of books he wanted. And while she was gone we talked with Miss Grimes. thi head nurse, about the Wasserman. "Does it cost anything ?" we asked. "Only the 23 cents necessary for mailingthe blood ample to Jacksonvillc and for returning te results to yin. "And do y'u have to pay that 25 cents now "" "No. you pay at the Business Manager's olWie. We send a bill over there and it's put on your account." So we filled out our cards and went into tue clinic. When our turn came fo attention. Miss Rollins, the nu-,se. greeted us v~.ith the customat'. "Well, what can I do for you?" and almost in unison we i nswered. "We want to take a Wasserman test." "All right. "ho's first?"' Since I didn't know anything about the tesi I let Rod go first. thinking I could watch him. But no soap. Miss Rollins took Rod into the little laboratory across the hall an'i shooed me back into the clinic. But pretty soon my turn came. and she lIv! me into the little laboratory w toss the hall. She fussed arouni a bit sterilizing a ht r if p needles ,. ,i % a. ah : iplass 11hat' she faStug Teell tiiiw on, and it h ink of at oitd1!,v at t-my above thelbo into a vein and about six (ubic blood and then took niew the needle ot$ beaid 11,V f, 6W tohIw (if blood so the hole ji" would close up-Whklt* couple of minutes. To avoid splashft. over the floor, so -' sajul. she held a litt over the sink and contentss of the pum a part (f ne into the She put a cork over I* (ve'r my blood) andinto a mailer to sead sonvillc to the Board oa I -said. 'Is that aln?* ''That's all.' 'Whe will I be a*d the results? I asked. "Oh. about WednesdW And it didn't hurt a way through. TII URJSIA V I lear ned the resultsis today: it was negativel pretty surely that I d4W syphilis. Of course, think I had it. but even relief to know defln=tV don't have. Rod's test was also a He says it's a pretty test, ani after his ezPu the CCC camp he'd ial every boy take the teM. And Rod brought aw% couraging fact. He a Miss Rollins made this when she gave him bhi "Although you hear @ percent of all men have I think it is given altos* much publicity. The pa is far smaller than thA university students." But I still thought T I took it. It is certain y leeling to be sure." Around Washington By Marvin Cox 'Associated Collegiate Press CorrespndentI WASHJNGI'ON, D. C. -The cur-rent "Recession." bOmt evej vone in V ashtngton tah'cs. but no one has been able to M avle an unt.,Iunate effect tpqini the college stiurnts who WE uate in June. Every reqpwsilie official has :onsidered wva -and means%(If chei'o"g the hsines s tailspin. an(d expem i'' pondered over. and attempts ed ti alleviate. its tflect on various groups from farmtrs tv factors' workers. But, unless there is a s tlIlden upturn. this year cti, I? ,!raduates will step out in June it, a world where ) are as s' : e as they were in 19:; 2. I feel rather guilty to bring up Si'h an uniiisant subject %%hen the first flowers are shyly showing their bbtss',ms. the grass is turning green the trees are buduing asealll eason is opening up and the track <tam is training outtiors again. However. the sad truth is that the present slump. over which se;nators have argued -ind to rure which various reme1ief have beei suggested, is going lo make it rii'thty tough for Jim at the degrading effect of jazz upon the yomn 'r generation. That th' ir inno'ent A frican sensualities. muted trum'-t : and. of late, Big Apples. could ever have brought forth such wil I predictions of the inoral downfall of the race is today almost inmonceivable. The fight is not entirely won as yet. but give the "cats" time to have tneir way. wis iraugurated an original and worthy broad-a.3t. Each Wednesday and Frida" afternoon at four o'clock their mobile transmitter is taken to the municipal Dog Pound tor "Towser Town Tattler." Unclaimcd purps are interviewed (ways and nu 'ns not known t this writer and described and an .ttort is made to have then -laimed by ow ners or bought by iterested persons willing to pay ransom. The Newest Dance routlite is kno'vn as "Doit' the Dopey." and it's a honey. The National Dance League has accepted as the official dance tune "The Dwarfs' Yodel Kong" from the current film succ-Rs SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS. you can imagine the antics of the dwarf Dopey all set down to a definite rhythm. you can picture a couple "DoIn' the prey." anil .ltosephine. Fred S1 ,''len they finish up thiae S,) fat as this correpA oven able to learn, th l4 'overnmental big-wigs Itisparticular probleali viev to aiding the June 14 although the general ytth ant jobs has ato atttention of some of theI v,'itest thinkers'. Perapk lhl commissions and 213 1 experts. however. couldA t'iing about helping yoU4 rates until the busine swings back into high Maybe the widely So 'spring pick-up" will 0* problem before June coUW becomes acute. Speaking of jobs uib writer of the ract thAlege studJents who spec. iculture almost always Pna good openings. Pe of them get rich, but 8 comfortablee jobs are C they certainly seem to hu1l'4 eye. A recent trip Iuto t1 .-ountrv (of the South Ihi.s point. With land OO irop(l dive rsification &WOO entific practices generally acepted. it the boys who have problems are in dem htm are in some fotr 'nent work. but other paying plates in pr1 >peration.-. anti it iS Vey one of them lose outu uess slows flown. In the ruralwareas oft* it would appear that heatis are turning more to recent agriculture C6 'Iates to lead them I rofitable farniing P ALLIGATOR Don Brown Ualter Draughon. Henev Cardenas -Jonn M. Turner David DenslowFrank Klein Ski Roo% 'Amt. Bill Metui-re Bob Cody AM Frank owles Joe Scales .Acting and y swerdlin Pat unanu .-------------------------/* I \\I Ia t I s In cf (df,(d II )w i "con6 1, ; --.-.-...--..-: .--, 

PAGE 5

AY, APRIL 1, 1938. TO Head S ervice di Wouncement Of Ap,Otment Made Tomy By Dr. Tigert p.intment of the first FlorService Council, designbetter and increase Florida's Lrelgions" with her resiand neighbors. was announcWly by Dr. John .1. Tigert, snt of the University of Colee. president of -the State Chamber of Comia chairman and Mrs. C. F. president of the Florida of Parents and Teachice-chairman of the new Dr. Tigert declared. members of the service are C. E. Stewart. Florida it commission: C. H. Rowton. Legm', of Florida: Dr. Jeilks. Florida State Media Agciation: S t e p h e n Mct y, Florida Association of tate Boards: Mrs. Porter -ay Florida Federation of Clubs: I J. G. Kelluni. Florida Fedof Women's Clubs; Mrs. s. Smith, Florida Federation Clubs; James S. Rickflorida Education Associa-Robert F. Sikes, Florida Is Press Association: Martin lo, Florida State Bar AsY." n: and Wendell C. Heaton, t Federation of Lahor. three-point program for the -a has been announced ut Colee. The program is to promote radio as an al agency and medium on of member-groups of the to teach member-groups ique of preparing scripts that of broadcast in, itself and member-organizations in jtIentation of constructive tion of educational value to e people of Florida. New Books In The Library TI-EFLORIDA ALLIGATOR "U MISS IMOGENE "JIMMIE" PARRAMORE YMCA Plans Tour CROWNED QUEEN OF GENERAL COLLEGE Of West In July Ih ID. Black T lav Judge llardy.4 Child.n"starriug Mic key Rooiwy. ~'il Piar~ ke r. FayVHolden and Lewis Stone. Atnothor fanilv comedy 'n which the Hardv family dares t he hot-hed of Washinton pitit Itws ag-ainst great odds and shares iii A wkCH --LLES. P. -sy i illie pitIgt i f high sicii t -to oat v NI e o thi "big apple AMKEN, MRS -1. I Enghish .an .Mtit l'nt 0 and past. I.\'laonatI ni NeIsmii EdAly ill af RN ES, R. M.Idsti ell .r (i --e Ws ling an,1i manigoennt.ih r fte (odn B s. MTE. C. S. A history ( f tit s Ti 'fish RseSsle-evold CIr lstace. 2v-. tisli~ ~ ~ ~ ~~'11 Ccsl'e''IC' i~~(tI,2.,nl(liff' IAtx,va rils. BENTLEY, Ii. .A dictimirv -h Spynish termrits in English. e 1 i fiVI 'tlt i:e );l( S io f atW L -n own rlf ;11ititlh tlmi'Ii m'is it' hull t at Finnshurt, 85,th mulic is ms M P"e withl their ay music Inil BONAVIA V F ?P1E (*,I) 1 BRYANT. T. C Lnumhr -M p. s.Thmex BUCK, Nti. .I'. S, Figlhtiln. BC K. MRS. 1. s. T # good RUCK. MA1S P. S A itise 1IBUCK. MNR1 I .'SThe mother. UCK. MRS P Sons. LSON. L. akep&:re in WSTEIN. R( nutil ta in thl o 8 MDAIL. A J K -Astudent's I of hihiogra phyRANKFNFTKI,). .C Th of 1927 in the Mississippi RASER. ( ; T.I 1i'g( if future GAU"S.K. V 1n:11gurol I c onasrnm GRSTFN'Ii;. \' WinanOrganizatiion and magement iness. nz in a l.'m.ra De ;alar.1 a 'nan. IRARERIV YTTEi rity ali iipr.SSitn .(l phas' t eiginermg. NALAM IN T. F1e141 S nd r cornhisti~ EY 11. 1 4'1vating the .n Ame1 Pan VIive C 1'ulic fiAmoitaNI inst I t rk CHAPMAN, If. II Ftirest fiknee. bl.Of Chaucer. C1.1IN'EY. 41 Eli 1) N T111the CLI.NIF-S S.L. a rk .CIPA NT I late Dnim DAGERST .WT-Af PrmcJiNe. of iflimntl ianp t O~ ,OLJ' rwriN.NF: O (TTAVIII bO~til. R~ Fml t )"iita if mtOf ki~ r v,,j'''~ltjj 1ARUARPT, "Ira. ,Vr'li -F: 1 .(1 .A I chF, 1 I autt sn ai riitl li i i hi cAh I I I'it:aiIetl -ti ut 'C ii' ti'ta IaI hg f thIiI' iif'at-Is. : i's ia ic/ i' ii is' :l-i its w;v 111v ti it '-i llyu Ni1'it' n II'S a l at t hii tii rnii s o Ia ndig t 1 t mg t i fI ri m w ml Ihi.s hei It tl l Iimi and greatest t rium ph T I 1 ;yv "Tip)ffI.irig", with i r ) (.' it. NI .IIoI N nI.) Pa it. I I NI' Iens N .X n s t. k 1r III g, wt;I 4 TI Kt h t Ius( s bwalit 1*11 g Ir s s its hmil .Tffm mIIy-guns r ti4 'I tIf u -uht'r.hs u ti f l p-( N gIvII her .i X% Ii 1 1,1 ()oert Mw itg mic .y 11 'ir 4 'It Iru,' in Tho maIrit In Y,I vs." ith11W iIIItII I ( ( 1 A 1I A I n tIiifhI it, rNiponet who w the A i i I mT 1937. makes his f i (IRIP 'K' RI" .-Vt A l 'Ij II t f tIe A urgent it rp li II )INCOLN. .E. TTaching lit 'Fit N.K, N1. Vd at i I 4 For Prompt and Expert C. H. Coles & Sons NORTH SIDE SQUARE S'lhm in-s llt I rwl Ity i iit tIW it Iwt 1I'IIivc rsi vIitf Fltii a tIaYMC A spo isorIt tours. .On iJuly 19, Lwelity boys will leave for t 1w Wet on an 11.000-mile trip that will take seven weeks and will inI tile on the itinerary more than 0 stops at places fif national ill1 4,1 .t .XW hd II v ill IollywA.f o t t ll -tilents will visit tihe 211th ( tn til Fox and M tv t I o-( itwl n-i p-aIlmovie studios. his e YM(CA trips arlt titmll 0 fill a i n--profit (i. l ti I .1pl'ara i fr t his yt; I it Iti to r.'. dontgm vyis socin :s u n "(Wat flesi'gner. and NM is,, Pi t t, li-: ., vie a d highly successful New York theatrical ageit 'h I f', in :wh nt I lh r t Watt t t t. :t 'he wift. pays th alimtiny. Hi hl IV .\ ( tIll m i o dy scl sI i t they' Iirt'eed to finil 1 hihl t-ltv TIImr,;fjyI;v and Fri, yI; I ve Sant1il r ill "Ali I'a a ( ls t iiiw'i," wXitl Tttny Mart in. Li~ont kni A i t Ii T IIlhart. Th' mirth-Iine pietir' of aV ti me I .#Ilded with gags mtii 11is, swing.; antd things. 4( Ittill 'it l S f ni 'Mst in his i r m iii It I I Ii I I i .a t1 .' S I I t i ' I II -a I-f 4'S t 14' 11 f h I i 'a pt 1 by tIt' A a I s ni t 1 I ; t(les tt nitmf)t In l t ^ 'I(w sheIsxwi g XXII hi' I I 7.-Ii: itt \\t In d t' I'ii iII w i I I i Ii -I ( i i i l t I I s I ,I i i (t i lXI' ) v i 7 i 1 1 1 v 'i Iig v a tIrett15 In I I t' I i't IlivI)Il i I usat.I( -t:.ertv xher i n tl Lh -a\'; I is IY ,AI I IemITIY A w ar I'I I14, SiIvit asixv' arc the maids of hotio; with their queen who comI It-il t (;IIIei I(l College Court ail occupied, the spot light on the w' -I'll'd soci rtit'ial vclinlar. Reading left to right top low I it1e: Maty Jint lmlthth. ( ti'al (;abhs: Eileen Joyce, Lec.sbuig Frances ''" -T"lil"l"sse. Viola Ellis, Miami; Mary Elizabethl Nr. i~ vait i sioCi w I Jeanne Mankes. Nw xYork; "Jimmi'" Parraimiirc, \iaiwst lqu'in :Iizabeth Ryan. I alatka; Frances Ti anthamlt. Laikelavd. unii Turnbull, Montice.li. Organizations May Contribute To Florida Union Reading Room Flw, i il S" w i "11-re r"so till )11: that! ne vcve y -tnzation limic cost. m W ips n op('rtun1itY of Datvd al Katf .Flmou T'lmin nI < vit li Itt t t' i' din K XX .l I i tsi spi llt of liii.in i t.ti .It is thy L'tl I-mfon-s dc.'ire to incr-asc ob I It ii t h in i h Ilil ii f iuit rest:1' hlvh' XI' t II it .I uhxais-i' th t i is ilittssr~ e t. u wi >npfne Im ""l : I i1111' lS i liil li' ttu, rl s I 1114)1 1r I tst ii ti is it'lII Iillpi*t vts ep' n i it th yiif I ) st len i o t Ii :I t -it lti I pa s it t hI 'i. X ti -tlI s I,v Il t tt s r I t va I I )v It 'A c Il l l1 rii mI y I ti i if -''f;' I1ii )'I 0-iS t I I v it S 1 iX 1 t i' II I;St )I to li m o I. wi I sI limos t t )f"5hl I a ml I t I I n 1 1 1111, a~~~ )r,,, a f .~0st d n iz. I v ;I 1.' ( I wlm t'l orI lla t 'und ne fapre mg te reI hnf :21 I v : I] r ,I a t 1 mesoerah nI f y 0 m '4 1h S t wi th '$ 2.5 'II CONGRATULATIONS! ENGINEERS! FREE AUTOMOBILE FOR DETAILS INQUIRE BOLTIN Service Station 1111 ii 'lt ill. w 1tisht' ) to ,Ihaunk t hi' fit 1, ,% m 1 -oroamlzal imis wani IIit 1 1111 I I f,)! th ir svle(t~ tri T tions: "U X. V. XXaits. .lr .'Iliwtat ('l X ('art'r' Miarks. Iltit 11 I I -M a ii' I kin' t; i TI I t~s itPi aoli s K aII p a II'III l t I I I I I "f t f )enI tlt V i.r I"f t he fa II. tI Is voa I !oIt IIros V N. I 0 11t ,1 x.;I II Io, vlm 11 will vr en t o I rvai ;m( mi1 ire ( f the displays t r' itf si'li "nat they will provide. a 1,111 evooing "f tAit'ational nI 'entertain"ig 'ecration. Molten Metal Exhibit Will Create Sparks It yiu see sh>X i f bright n igsparlks a0 apple) >ximately I1 this evening, dt lt call the fire ipartmnn Iitit fig hIt a fire. Father. call them to witness al (-.hibit, both slicctacular and in,Ii tiict ilX .Atnid lin't forget to h-, ill 1imI iamwt Y iisell' The ad1 er ut wii -iii -W i -ril -li Votr ti me. I It'.l're Xi i N.:W l st' I I"i a-ct ual Iti'Itlli. ijg. amdil hani'lng of ml-()It lllt' X-l, th 5 tpmo 'il being ;l1(*omlparuw I %.wI 11 11how Is ol S ks whi(h tII'pIar to be stars lii "iiwever. hi I S i i i hotlk gi. Father. the Anld ywu will pr'()'lt b. 'yWur VxPt*riimrii Tit' tildis and jpitti'as fIir the 1iiS ait' sh<'Xwn bt ill t ht t iP t ir.st i lt tiim aniil comii l l iwil ho, m a displays i ll hvti' i hli. n" Ih I' ; It i ai', r rs ill 'd are .Ho ard Collt:0slidents bl" it've i ""lEse "ullt es ;1w a definite ill iinlpl'(-vm'4g lrHdv .i ref ent c i'ge. hits riiivMn t i I ish for i ,s ai d'l ii l ail irvini d1c-sses. AT LAST! Summer Luxury And Comfort Within YOUR Reach!I Ij~. MORAIRE $M 50 MIDWATE JVS RIGHT 110 CAN $2450 -A U GABARDINES By Belmont $2950 Perfection of stviinp, is the outstanding feature of our Belmont GABARDINI'S. The new blouse back makes an idealspeort coat MEN'S SHOP Florida Theatre Block PAGE FIVf. Accounting Fratcrnilij Inslalls New Chapter I icre Suwdam j Ner I I il b l lo I I i 1 .1 ,11 l j I I t I I I Bcta Aii m la 4! ' ternity, \nl' .1 I:tt 1'' -m fstrat i11n. anll-111 ord A I Tiw I tentwt h ( 11:11 ohe ioi ting hriith )Iir \ *.i I' m urday. March 21. bi : .n .ecretary. Prtiless' i ti I mi i !. Miller. of Ohio Slitt, ix wh I was al -()the r :ia p .r at tlie ilista IIt I n h1 2:1 t t4 l1 t 'rd II 1tis 1,' it I I t I V I i .' I V ki y t I (It t ;m t e' i li Irst rI fc Is f 11 .IItn lhqghts Welarmj Offivor" )f h dont, Harry W m Fin Iry E luMA. .Jr .Dy n, 11111 s "W E uk AT Till: Walt Disney 's -----11A i THIS WEEK AT THF, : li' .' -'~. "I'l itk01i 1111gXt fr ( -lsmvass Admin'I ii' Pubii iii A *t -i hit of the Florida A \Il hltants. JJatksonTirbuke C. 1'. A., S t 1 harlt's Potter. C. P. t 'tlter Nucklowx, ( \ -v 1, Pu ms. C .1. A. i Matheilv r 'i I I h I r'n. W esley I i'n 'i'.' are .Iamu.s (.i.1~XX Ioe .l~iiie. Vii 4i: W Arthur, E br .Jiltko Snuith. Rich" W i illian P S hai I'. zzard, (eorgt "NI. yer 0 .kit 4 T. ('ompton, .1.MarI -Li .1 r\Vinn Inhln I1 .AAv. ati Srks .1 r .Nt il NI. Wadswo t h. a t. \ d i i t W. W lins. Last Times Today "Snow White and the AVRI I.0 7 Dwarfs" SUNDAY 2 -FIRST RUNI -No IJune Travis -in---"OVER THE GOAL" MONDAY PICTURES -2 -No. 2Ralph Bellamy -in'Crime of Dr. Hallett" BEGINNING TODAY APR1.I 1ST Last Times Today-Fnday Saturday Only IT1s LAUGHING TIME IN WASNINTSNI C WE LIVE -SUNDAY .MONDAY o0a Tuesday-Bank Night Wednesday-Screeno I-LSThurs fl, (C.Fri. Api 'I HITS! 7-8th-ALSO(MCLT SNE js -w-n F, tq Saturday Only BIG DOUBLE FEATURE PROGRAM -No. 1-No. 2"Hollywood Roundup" "Kid Comes Back" BUCK JONES I WAYNE MORRIS -, gi Matinee Only Tuesday -All Day Wednesday 'GIRL OF THE GOLDEN WEST" Thuirsdav-Frida-' -April 7-8th "HAPPY LANDING5" BLAKEMEADE RIDING SCHOOL (3 il'% O"t et I nse-r.i 1,;-eprt idin In t rf i tiori. SIAM Per Mor i'alo I louitri d oaa, fm'r i rl lin Trail 10dinig -r li r twer Illrse. WHEN IN NEED OF AN AUTOMOBILE LET US FURNISH YOU WITH A YOU DRIVE IT 11 I m U < 11 .RI NTI() Ver I I I I 

PAGE 6

i4'tit' e~f EAfi M kr ~E&I'R g~~ Gator Mermen To Defend Title Record Of Four Undefeated Years G-CL W ilh 1,1op~"to To To,,r aw %jots t II 3W1mm1 A v ll A r t 1four ill It 'I A .f ;I \ I bIA, i:. *-d IIII .h ihe n : N.i.t .1. 1 1, -A I c a e n 4 )4ieit. ltt e -Vt-fIAd IIt n( I Ylt I I I A %% 'in ri a's 'l-str.1 i'roli sh ip 1tinatit z L-oiit. Th a -Artjn-: lefr y e ttrita morning for Knfx\' le a nd he Unriveer.sity f rtene7st-whertI heN 'Aill oefenld -thevil lfi d j I ha3111 itiflship whw'li the. w I last ''eal at Mississii Stat.e (ae a I l an k <;t1rvar hs brought hii i h-i(I' tr ighi a iithe; siti'l ~I A ea (1i; i da Meets alt >hug h .wla itt-en h inpered in fvetiiin the t am t1 to the re ii-tance t of tei e houls in selwohiliolth, u s.('a t m Howaid Skippei anti lit ost t! the squr-id i dltli't ,minii'. tI bill iiring the 1923x title ani t h -viithe tinhtirlishtd retot. fer tI t -a to derent. Th tiost elteio s i it n i>tp ;lpi-ted trm(>Ili filii .I Ceoryia who,it-wiatiA'al iiPI' mo01AIF g,v F: ida t, k llv st muet of the [A501 11e t.t. .<; t igia Tech is piicalty conf( ele I the f-jrst and second pl 'S n theI diving cnompit-titihir although Capti Skipper imav be able to n -aNk inttj their stingihild and t :"I !n.okthipiwa-. iiiImirn ei tilki' I:.st v-ar I TIht, I;at-rs :ii.irJltsientiug ai Sipho itir-e t t hiizt i ill he I.I rSon of "t[li l" A 'Xi wh is eXpectt t.u i c ti slitontt Owii .h vom'ptillwiIon l li t -l hrI t .1wh. It or en te netit, :Ivvnsty, lit, w t he lhl(. A .At l tIfnpin IJ: i ev n and ha Illcrvvd greatl A ., i t I -n hn" a::l .sulpervisiul en (t t)a:w it Ah -fl\ n aAtTh onlv way that :ht' (laturs schools to em)I ttilt. (III)( vjep*ety by ift'ea t i ng th! -lt iaor -(;*i-)igia lswitifim s;i t .-si tnt ft Ifite t-% uts aitd ths take awY a.oints that both teansi le cturit;ng in. Flir ida. ll, xwt nas it :jlly jp,\: Iilel its pip; 1 i l ih: vt ami i hu -I if ipt t ot g ts victt 'V ot yIat -II Ithe it-an 'oIeA I mn9!:(I; t:A t in a :llt lit otherentint A m i d. F1 I-jAuers Meet M-mi J Here Friday XI i li' -t It I t* Ittih .il, liV t h* toid:a st ie a \p wdiae st h illi otv .Itls oIl .I t -; liii ttManti a Ih,; os ii it od ti lS i'Ti' l Ii tean iv iI n It vitv W llia th Tam ipa: inr y St l -tr'nsoi, T nipa Jaik Ranitm. ir I(larwat I-an : Ct-trgt .:A ktksti. Mt .A m itI I nII.I Supreme Court To Pass On Educational Value Of College Football WASJlN(;TIN. D1> .At Tht. '7, S u em ( t.tp j liai a tt(-it ti i le fN I I (tpTiion. has t-r ta ii to itni -as to wheti-T t rit itit ottigitifoothall is art t-idicatinal tttvity. Solicit ( ;'lentAl 1 be rl If. Jacksont has asket d thcont to r11te thai the ti t ivir-isitv I ;irgia and I;rgia thool of TeiliologY list jI.y N ta l esK n tfiottall yamne armissitis a i;L ln tim i V 7< zj -p-fit-4. ~-AA; dJ -p ers i u urncy 1938 Track-field Season Six-Game Trip Is Set For Florida u4lAt Diamond Squaal Tamn 91 IIVIN A/ 1 Oglethorpe, Georgia Tech And Auburn Slated For Week After Holidays 10 4 et Ii II 1 iof PFlorioda's 1,1.h 1 *j hireiilM ill hiin fora l1im i(wtim ates in the I p.-xt lw. wi-tis istS t kittat-kit, el'; iI ittli oYttiIg Pe'hati lAiui i a sixa ame Iriip (-veri Ag iii samzli riUnI i ti! Iay'S, -g it:ouApril 11. It' e tui's Wil "ta.aa v r jingt-Iayrenwint-n oItwilg ei a ,t-rwe ie' Indled heriiytt,-terday' whin lyI (h-Uatktrs t,ok t1,th games. The nna-s %N -ia-it in Atlantli S Anril 11i and l12. Ti Team will rmunmA"! t11at') tzfl( .(0the tther two-garIIsIr't4r-the 13th :nl 14th. Fron Atla:ta tie team will Ijii rev to Auilti Itr'I twO :anin's w'-ith tittPFliIjrnSuint 4 4tf Al-t cli. e April 15 and 16, C.-h Lt,tw I li 1ad Ii tho hiavi-si ,k ai i tn' history()? :lmuSI .ii i i t-am-its ever' it i aI fr thI'miversil v. 'Thi'xp.rir ~ I:-I ;-i lht w:i! tiita in1a t i r w-is. lit-i f t f it' lhi:!. i1i s o)alwd p tiolls with (, te I i Ii bIe st--imi-p, totean' isLw S t .T t, I a ett vatitage (t ine nir-T)Iv-(e IIt i tii. t, -iani, 'w-Ilarda. e havs ibarkedl (is ne .of tilt most amibiti4)ts wmdub-litn rt ent y is At lvast k iglt i itrt paint---, a ittoi he I alt n' I It-h I:ilt re nrns :-ini its lta I tri t oil April17. Gator Nine Win 10.3 Over Raiford Team I at I i tl ( ': I l t i i 11t)" w I i hsar-t 51ti'ris varV lSlili teiui litnidIll hi .valls .!t i h ti-st:1i .-i.-. e rt t -hcnthey !,*Mif.tI d h, !:tf team 1'. -Gatiws siCt)rtdI si'veni runs in ''st' .>: 111.1: a i held their I t-;V t I li 11(ghtI t thi:;t'st ctf th.-glit-. i-:i;1IflJ'.Swalk, 4 n-riI Li Yt iinan'i s sjm ,le itn, i Elmo Sintn'. sn -hmig -tthitwete "" for' two ints inI the first inFit. T e galmt waNs pilt o i' iin I"Iillg v. lwn five run1IS V.tt s-cor-tin tw his, three erI "' i t iItI t N o k P.: Wilus pitched one-.iit. no.Ni bal iting his seven innings i the m11nnl n 11141 Clifton Keib'hanitit the itthei thrve hits antd h i-c iins ;Iin ii nhis two innings omitini duty. The i-ading hitter was Elmo tiinson vho ended The da" with thi t hits in itn t rips t( the 1, "!t v x;"vlwel.G niv Hart--i.i and tia P-ennington -ar'tntei ti: I safet-s t' the v.,I I :If t't'gate retIip Is at t a 1 it ig hmut lt 1 S 't ive i in't1 laV.Vi-I; holaItI hat -at niitlie shot ii) is participatfion : totitbal y'ir -qisite to grailcithin, an" lit, creie t is given thert,Mt, towirtid a tie ree." -LAiytters for the colleges maintamr that in staging the games t -i 1 clients w ere engage4 in thi Prittrma nc .f an essential go i-i niuiitan i'nii n. I LASTr HURDLE! 51iNA1CNiAL c'tR TPW 4 1' 'I-I-Ptnr V -,li ~\ ~l '-'. A REED C OIT INFIRMARY f'%ANJf L--------ByA id Rogs POLITIC.IN ATHLTIC'S ... For G J letes Go To t Tomorrow itors J A i of Florida's ip testerstsnk gnad are shown atv MY ior Knoxville, Tenn., to defend their title o.,four years without Xcosta.Walter Liddell, Ed R" -ad Coa'h Frank Genovar. Stars Of Both Varsity And Freshman Squad Going Florida Deeats To State Competition Th UniversitY-of Florida track Petrels Here In .qusid, bctn varsity and freshman, 1 strong, leave for rall Itni ihi. Two Ball Games moringt o compereidnAin -,ki riua! lorida AA~j rac an field meet which will A review of the political ballot voted on yesterday by the stu-g dent body revealed a great number of Florida's wearers of the Orange noo.llis ill bei and Blue coming out in a new role as upholders of the traditions noon. Thim will be th .,.of thf year for Co of th#' University in every phase of activity. Chief nominees were, Beard's squad and m i B"-ili. -oxing's Steve O'Connell and Baseball's Spencer Burress -he largest aggi-egati who wvr--i iip ftn the presidency and hancellorship positions respecst-nt the University in ively. The Athlttic councill as always, had a complete group of Co'ich Beard started athletic's running for the five posts eipen to them. And even the tober with five letter regular icrnhblelii :f this so-called column had to get his hand into !-y Captain Billy Richa tht -loings iy string to become -q high-hat -'dicker" of this here pubthat start he has evo licationi It just proves again that athletics and athletes are on i'al-eced team nunihi i i high i-itnsih plant -ot' this canipus that they can face the other stu.The remainder of I lints i rhiiitt i-ihii-lt and frel fully capable of at least holing their witlIhe composed of iimtviker ,t the frohn T' t St:t I -\ \ I'A -r mutI w ilc hias bet-ni hld these many 111s -ksiuhas -Inivt-ti : warm-iup1 f4r' the varsity and -i'InIIoI -ll t I -tVIs if tI l ri-A track squad but with the switch 1 'anmi w ift-wt-i s to l lk-ve l n i-t0,olimu) ihiv .weasioin. The --lit r n itti \)I laL-ira :t ID ke ill lIend liitt. a bit f spice to the ,ff'irmlI vilt v-I e1 actors s -mut much lesired competitionn against .i I-it th.st n lit-k ;tars n ith li tSiutheastern and Southbe held on the .aftere first meet ach Per-v will also tie on to reprethis sptI tarly n m men, headed rdson. From ,veIi a wellerin'g about he entI y list outstandin Man so a Tenmn (Conqldered Mtronga The Gator track men are view.' as !n exceptionally strong tcami, wit': considerahle strengthii n it Ii the fielt and track events and will havethe oppiItIIity I<. shiw that strength against soeiti4 tt-he St r-oiiErtIS I 'to lit-IItitit n 101 1' s-mled for the meet. Bith Dkiil' Sout hern anl cinference chainpiuns, and Alabama have siegnii-i t 'In ,tjnttrenve-; Th it-i-nity v list itf -11 is far and abtve tny and should put quite a lit tif atitrl(I tschif)tI un-I d ('initeh tiv--earId hmild pliased4 with the permention to posii-le ftiure aitotipiimtiances t i his prltegi-s but hitabwil nut h,l4 t1 im high hopes for lishmrents tjf the G1ators In Itliti "'"i" '"it ""i" ilual mepts and in tlSEt' iet --e, in the spring S il"ER LATT~Ft --Much euf the strength ,g I Iiith rack is (lue to Captain HichizrdI 'ni--siy vif I tupin's upew s uirts iblicity director, M. F. Wil,ak i(t n and lsgthiti asth-As fine hurdle perforIan-es and tiis. -nnuta w ay's ag wirh t he Siilutin n-is to how to keep i-t the sprinting ability of Francis Fltrida fnonm mi nt:itning its SEC 'winhunig championship in the anti MC hy hot itswimfii ramionh vanesy adBen Bh1y. ett io Knoxviltiwhich starts todaY. Ti quote this enthusiastic'of the latter c-i.sistentlly 41 thi personage. --The 1 """dogs are -ive-ri a chnd;-te i ri i o 99 -. fer sit if lii-la. ltld.-ts of the title for the na st si-verA l v,:-Irs. A Rayburn I 'tar vex *imai Ima i-ui St-parated the two teams in their dual meet. and The spotlight will he ii Al Rvf i-t ,t il tI lt I in i' of-i ale -art step in id l iend a he-lping I AI. however. as li tak s t:itl is Iil by n1ikinig -I It-W -t M tat in t Ihil t-itlacis, '3t'orgia has : (ood 1,s first varsit miviet. Al is it chinc oto win' iThto iuttitem th:t t-etis tie have been forgotten rnembered as the star of the 193 by >r I iIW 4-l wr iriis that ('flcwh -enova :ni the ;aters wiJl be Statt( high school mret here: at the pileii5( tI havIiteb pponit -ntkt hIl s ewd ant! third plcles I ,niversit v when lit, wiin hli#, state -nampionship for OrlandcI high i t l h igt-m tlut-ulit hilt I thim twillIh(Malifterthe s(houl by scoring 26 rtints. fe itils!--Iviolltli tit thei-t1i Itt rnl1Y tMe-trlt Yil(r-lt in the high juip. brad NiX SPIi' IN 1ASEW-ALI. .. FloridIa's dasil 1di's :it,, irrkud it tht viiy much "surprised" i-lass hdays as they i-o 'lt to watch just about the heaviest laniuIln i gtg in that ha-t e -r rt-presented the's i stitution. Tiet :;quid from Y viantageitii nit will :-omne g-lose to even tome of the major leiagtie-;ims in the avi-rage weight of its members. This weight -s nt i>f the "h.'lly' arity hut has been obtained through the mean-is -f 'xpenience and d-velopment received by playing in some of thexcellent st'mi-pro leages whieh (lot the South during the suintimer. Tnre;sed batting powei'. pitching strength, and speed a re rinng r jyv ti tc Hthe heari-Iof I -w Iain.lge ntmf into the 'rwds I lat watt-I I le hi vss terfiirm. T~(~E IH'II~N4 J-'I( ---THOSE F'~ei1aRtOSH .. Th-y created at siiiititi m tietbi l ..j lust wouldn't hilit-at in hisket-hti .ari uw ilernil tic srt-ad their victory blanket over the' hasiieitll imod. Th same grtuitp of freshmen that madt up 1I lhaek hone ft' i tc g-idirttn :iggregatit eland formed the cage squad is working t)it ev-i-v liy uiniderl ih titelage of Sam McAllister'out t iv the frishmnina bseill field. And it seems that they are just as ptit-itint inl the (rtif ht antl ball as they were with the pigskin (w the Ival. .And just tip ktip frmi going stale quite a few of them. iret iatlitnCi0g u' tIrat-k r I fit-li antI show promise of bolstering thi(;iator varsity rixt yenI'4tllt-ge handhinill iaivNt-ns in Ori-rin-I hVI '.ttgamzr-e. I an Oregon ( t .it lit' Hit fi si I its k ntd th' S.* tM iv -A 'o W t, All*FTih-s' Students advertising a University of Michigan play production Iicoted the local(tnern"ansio t aiIv.-r-tise their own play. Ni rthwvslt'itUrivt'sttv son-rrtii's have givell up he'll wi-t'k acivil t is. Congratulations Engineers! COMPLIMENTS OF Jim Larche "CORRECT CLOTHES MADE FOR YOU" 1866 West University Ave. TEP Defeats SAE To Win Ping Pong The honor of being the first eam to defeat the representatives of Sigma Alpha Epsilon in thiinals of a sport in the frattrri(ague fell to Tau Ersilon Phi Monday night wxhn its champion-hip ping pong team turned back ine ehaleng tf !he Mirnt-vans to retain the title fin it-h sev-4Itd tr-ight year. J4) # -lizrani Wte'ti eXt e-nided jt tOrt' hard foittiht Vtt)iis n11 uth of their matchi.s. Woly iand (3Odon, both inembers tof last Year's championship team. Scored icti ties over G;us Adams ari 'ranklin Swann. The MizrahiWatson mat(-h was alled at the -tnd of the fourth game at 2-aP wn the outcome of thi .sie-s was definitely ilecitteil ity t ht-ther matches. Scores 4-1 And 4-2 Wins With Willis And Kerby In Good Form C(tntinued excellent mound performances together with timely un-1)ittlen record on the iialmonti It t xieIlse1 4 Uglithorpe's PetreIs in a wt-gani si-rues here Wedne.sia ati! Thursday. with11 the season' -reirtitI ni"standing 3-11 it.victor ivs. Nestild:ty ft'i i In I' i ft on K-rhy, pitching with mid-seasi' -1,u t .l-t the visiting Georgians. I :iwii fivilits ti gain a 4-2 S Y tIlt:ti was allm t i-t as imipres sy,-t, intwtu-hit 4-1 triumph of K(e-i Wilis, tile -lay b-fore. Kerhv i-attetei the first three Tl' th -ivc hl.-;lie yvcldvd well until the -ii il :'i, --t,-(; Wer-Neturs Score Easy WM' Over Woflerd Flotida's undefeated IiI ins team took every match hereIt ii i vt breezethrough short y u-fart they g defeat. io I> rightI Florida Net. Tour Georo Next Week ford college e of South ( arulil Will Mee* Me 7-41 for an easy intercollegiattrtt And Georia T eth-i,m-i Spring Recess T4 "'he Wofford match, canc-'wUl <.-ce and then re-(scieduledi. W The Iati-t-Wed F the Gators' fourth straight %,in t-nnis S l wil lea*' Lhis season and their twenty-spc on a thr *---r'Wh tour j n-, I.tory out of 23 4Ver a leerwhre th-v xill meet tiI ,f three seftsons. So fart'-Is i ty an-i I;,I.gia scii solid the netmen have dt hi tx'' in The irs: stop tin t stetsitr Southern and Woffe it.i rue at Mat'n in where 'f :ext match ;.;s chidul-I 1( wm ill tak,--0-on Mercer. April 7 with Merce .then go o i to Atlanta vv it Imet Emory on and Georgia reach on Florida Union PlanGeoglTechiwith .trongesttt t squads in More Fishing Trips tory of Ihe shool will sent the niajr obstaclet4 undiefeateil season for thw Fl0rita lL Union will spjmnsor two and Blue netmen d idtlitioinal kingfish trips to Cedat Dutth St attley. Tihe G Keys, other than the two originally -i-i11)n upset last year planned, Dr. I. Matthewsti i-rI defeated thEngmneere 1 ort am anwne thswek hr alati -1-4t. Two hits. an erll' ten n-nntinced this week. There Si ii wibl e fishing trips made on SatSt' rtti Pit it-s tity n s. walyur April 9, and Saturday. April In' thtt lts an .tGai 10. vith a maximniumof fifteen stultalliet Itwt r-urns i mthe fitst inning 'tntso n each. Inquilie.9 and reser:il"ttvations may be made at Florida iitII n m-i' the 5t't't5tic take a 'orltabh led. It was the saie nion infoirmation desk. ;,10(4, wrt that Willis cceivOr, the first trip to Cedar Keys i~ltiulitt SlJI atit t-;a tllisI-eIe-d ,,I n-lie i v mi' wit-n he found Satuay a siueessful tatch -frit. ling tiona r'-it-n tl-ad v ias reported with the grtloup of fifS i i tInt i h uni s i at 'e ni i vs 1-tuling in more than it t -h -s 2 piound.4 of fish. The second H trotip will li-ave from Florida I -ni-Iait in-in, Dixie Howell' and I tii liu i lit thi Gators Union tomorrow morning at 5:00 :It yit Ea colkcted twoits r '. ni-i., tv.'o-hitis W' thle tttai t(f nine his F-ori !a was able to get tiff Ogletunes pitchler%-El-.(Iment Wedi l fte'n i tiltGatto wiclilInv the hig st i-k was catcher --an lnnigtn. ''l'.niny" hit fwr ,Irlv ( ut Aof 1four TiltiI'ly ext i niase hit (Of ttlthe -iins was that If .Jin Deckers in We!itsday's g tan. iD-ker hit for hi -ir'tcuit in the fifth winning f-or lie tinti hr ItIc ia l \inu-ni i\ vs pamnit i-ts by innigs: Agh. liilt oion Eho il) 4o 1 2 2 ri:t (112 ( l Itx 4 .4 Bittt-r'it'sAr -b.-r arni iussell: Will.arid Pliningtn. 'Yc'trday's gam SI-treby intnirigs: Oglethorp tI0ilI 1( l fl 1 2 2 j't it 21)1 11110 Ix -1 9 1 Bati toF14.('h-4w a nd Thmn IIiins.il. I t wq illaI : W y Ifitm a hi J1 11i lit' ti\I I 'OyI r rni: Waitstn la-mscy an Dick f'.-tt s. tai-vItt II .IIy tiggan and Nelsen D)avis. di-i'us and shiot pill --liuwit thTampa inlet the ''an ly ti's toi Atheivs. h-r gia r t .'i1937 S t l ast-ern aliv O pioms wn Apri'9 FORWARD ENGINEERS! COMPLIMENTS OF Ideal 3 Lundry_ ciay courts on Univer nrie and are tieterminedW their petrformii ne, this 1 enemy tiieiritory ii Atlaa cioa-h Stanht-y has that six players and 5 wvitl make the tilp). men, Srirm H v.n and Do ett, have beern definitl1 and th -rminaining four l he contested fur by IA" ritt, Ed Carmichael AlaN ett. Clayton Iogan, HOM deck, Joe Takami. Vieti thon and Jim Pollard. .I of 'U -i The New Pa liii Beach S 'TI-l 'kv SNIARTiF, IC .if) Kr than e fore. The latest in men's sport Hcks and lou models. The newest stripes, cihtc-tkS ;,Ia; d-and cOlors. The smartest whitks. a the brand Airtones. Smart for camotis and classroom. for Satlur(Jay night --.smatItOr ill next iler. Fasv to %vash aiid c.it--Ja'-'fry aiid marve low iva lE at See them at your tzvitice .lotluta m'iday, whik election are at their hest. And be sure he you die new P'alm Beach [.'vezlint Foiafl at and the handsome Palm achi s s at t 1 H'i111 11 t A COI-\ N Y /I -iC? GOODALL COMPANY. CINCI N4 Let our bodY breathe in Palm ~* ~! '"' ---~ A A U Meet Opens Florida's rds.,em .~ I I F F IT t R I I 

PAGE 7

nan Interest' Letters Flow Into ani Office From Many Sources from former students of erSity coming almost the aunra ofI-I eIn n"At --111ri1aii i IIt t 1est the caflpls i ithe' pihioti Wright ''le following typical of many revviveti, be of interest ti4it t0nly i but to S4titttients. It t 'OIies .W-haf written un the cir The Biochemical Foundati, of the Inst it tite, Philadelphia, lanBSPrt2, BS "2 i. Working: Fi'ruarv li 193 Frank: l, I h-aven't w-itteL t to you a M while, so I thought I just drtip a line tip h't you I am still alive. have often thought tif you, WOideredii how yoU and the Gator5, etC. wet're getting I wax in Olan o during vacation, but didn't get an ty to run up to faineslte I was there to ste how Ely former''r ii it':ie out. er I received my PhD deb chemistry at the Unier'Michigaoi I began working e iochemical Research tion of the Franklin Insti-Philadelphia, w here I am bcated. After I started to I discovered much to l iv pleamire that another foirmWversity of Florida man is employed at this Foundation same capacity as myself. h in organic chemistry. He C. Winter, who, by the wa one t my lab)r-at or tors at Florida when I took chemistry there. Winter him all the way to fi baria Illi .iois, where lie got off. This last De'cemher, as I was returning frwii Xit:is vacation ill () nii I, he lid nl ed ) t get on the same tIrain with tie again. This time he rotwith fte as fat as PIliaclelphia. where I !ot oft', :ind lie stayed tilltt i t, train as lie is now working iin jturitnalism tn the -Boy's Li f" magazine' in. New York (ity. I'm sorry ht say [is nanwi' has Hifipoei Itrly to-!ilt fy' ft si the moment. "Well. Frank I a x'e' jit a It it cf-f "'s" in thi i letter, bi it( I don't know much al-ouit you I had nt alternative. Are y i iihiij yet Is I)ic-k Statc marr1it'd yt -: Is "Mla" Ratisty Still carrying on. A nil I1i a It V mo re could I ask. -But as long as I live. Frank, Ill nex'vr Ir'get the time I play.I niy ackcl titin between t h halvts f tihe basketball gatite' tween the Univ. of North ( 'arirna and FliiHa onte night i ebtritary. It was ine of the first imes I ever. playelt ill p;lttli I was scared stift, arnd I rernenb t you introduiced me to the crowd as a boy wht left Leland Stanford I 'iver'sit v to cotIlt t4t a goti1 scholald youl wele right. -f be' tel sign oftl i)w, lbut not before I wish yi,, and tilt Irnive'isit (of, Floridai allti thi it'te' thcre is 1() be had."Dela Tau Delta Observes Founding Delta Zeta ?hapter (of )elta Tau lud his M. S. at Florida. He Delta ceto-h'tetl its 79 years of IlWe now ever working in the inaiitmal existence andI i i e'rs of m roon. Small world. n'e',stee AwtherFbl ida mian, wh rehis M. S. degree' thei t the sanic tirte as did Win-was Maurice' L. Miorte. Dr. Oate xwent to Yale to get D) is nowk" head ()f the o-cheiiistry ret-sear-ch at anti Dtilhie, which is in Philadelphia. I hapto to ti) a Sunda' v Schotol at 'chetrch in a neighSIui i sIn al fter I was and jI nd tih'ht. t he'te wxasin the class. lve years 11f)% hrn I wt t t" an to study f lr tmNy Ph. D.' on the train and ran into WY from Tamnipa wht roomed same section that I did at Section "F" in Thomas He had finishiti his soplhoyear at Florien. adlit-I was to Spend his last twkt ,'vealthe University of I linrtis joUMrraltSim. I I(Ile with local tutel n-te iWith a FlIonlers' Wrdnill ay.night Grill. I ,n x' hartN. Ray C rrol. nation presilent-, gave the' iain address sp'aktg yi tile histor-yii f )tismt. The national group was al.o represent o:-l 1iy .Ianw.s Haker. field sect'eta ry. %'hl) gax'e a resuite( of l eIta Ta i 1)Aic-tatila 4i-unt vwite scope'. Li tcal a mnae a tteii ti wer'e he Rev'. -. H. Wakefiehl, itr. G ..Webher, Jr. -. I inckley John V McQuitty, anI Nabito F. t'vt'ns. Others included Iames II Lbass, Fraik : fl: ri wnette. ant lames A. V\mghan, .tacksonvillv r'r-est A. ltick('r, inof Vivian I. King Oala: Ioh Je'nkins. A laIhna: Syd I nf-stt\Y. T:iinpI: and Hanett Ft"ter Augusta. Me. Ae1v'rtisiing Age" is conoulti tin e'S:ay omilc'st amwig itllege Iter utnii versitNy st ih-'nt s t i Adv-trtising Hcntfits the ('iti-ii1te"-t us Map Be Slow And Black, He Manages To Cash In IVERSITY. Ala. 4AC' eFRutftis has had few u't I treat iinal ailm, but he does bus flc'55 ii ant Iaiaround halls tif eri i kuto mitsmart his c'ustomnet'rs RUR is a Negro shoeshine boy wh snakes thi' nt is itfI i OY Of Alaitiia trmitonis. Whil' pIishin shtes tie cateS ttly and fIna ly inquitre-es mt! lesslV what his ut VItISt1t 111i 'S ht) I't t e thot answer, li then asks. '' "Itli a y l tx -t 'ittip. i eoutntry, Inyway 'tout 2W Wonderhow many I eCuil,1 Call ? A Alak:ciit l'l Nh -lernme see now" time mut foot he:l sci ri l -1t'. Ja'x **AM other indications of patinfi "cmicentra tiiti Nillhican. Det roit, Tennessee. .-." Mer Lhis build-up when his victim-tt-h, is j -lityin, tilt' iWce tremendously. Rufuv dangles his hait temptingiy. 'S o iltIbetcha I could call 'tbout 10 in five minutess' 1e offer generally results in a wa-er t f from .7o :l its Wt the student rega rds as a 'cinch'' propositill. As soon as the stakes are in the hands iiof a disintiAtl hoie dk% d'Ops his mask of ignorance, rattles off the n.ities 21r MItes, pocket.'his winning-i and whistles off t-to gre' p tsi Honey in the 1ow/ I r w Y esto 81, 11 rat im# nt -rit a) 1hineyin th e howl I tie ip tq n1w" we i b rn m i tn i cm ,t, AND p-yegn. r he I> -w ith usmnOke. s its wt iir lH a p*e"i $d p en:1 Special S'tii hnt nt give (1) aitvii-) fl ftpfi-e l att (1)1,,ui)tc om e to tndc' m1 YELLOW m-BOLE ALSO -CA RtbURE TOR -"STIMguieR '.-IMPEIAIL YELLO BOLES Si125 & $1S50 ENGRAVINGS I In One or More Colors -MADE BY The Tampa Times Engraving Plant TAMPA, FLORIDA PRINT BETTER -LOOK BETTER A .\ A A S'ECIAi TYc OFS('1 AND)( LIfEANVALs -Jearette Macl)woald as she is seen in the lavish out-doo' rrmsical 'Ti' Giril (if tit' (0hWest." with Nelson Fi bly. which opens 'Sunlay at thlie ltita 'Theatre. HousepartySche~dule 1111 nizat i.n lit a Th i/a iti r~~tia Mua Phi H.ta li-it Phi D elta lt a 'Iair Fpsioi: P1I H1:4-vt'this -. I )'-It a S I : I', Ka ,ppa Alpl KIpp'ta Sig ';1 L It-ta I 'H 'hli k'a Til I'I 1n N 1 ;Otma Nutt'all't tS('I,1 .Pill II FI ti's itli I tFt lIIlti 11'1 lt 1; it h"1'Ii i t STPall A t iit v' ar i i ' 4.ne -~Thutrsda-, April 71, 938 I nc', ('< pte at1ivi1 t 04 -ph i -litlil : 1t~w~ e "a ir, Hoi se 1'--:41 p -2 4) pi l fllt-Iklajsl .e. 1 :4) pa mi2 :3f i i .'-illgopre ,i' .'1) 9:04) pItnt ii 'td iati-c, Hu se--.-----ll p:ritt~amr -'.-Anfit' wan 1e'gti n -1:01 in~12:01 NI litw. :ts----5:Of hIprt-12 l M m lil ii tas ...5:(I0 pillFriday, April 9, A8V .Sxx itroiig Party. Magnesia Mpgs2 I'll t nD-ae, Homse I'i-li .~LL ke i' i .-.....I I l i it, liwce, Hli tel ''i ti s a ltits tfall. Hi ots .t.-.-.-.-.----*I'Ft -o ~ilke ittsa-.--.-.-.Fl. ii I l'itty It li5-i t-, i tlsi .Pint-e Ltkt) bitncet Masquei ade 20th ('en. CIb9 sw ttm aing Palty, Kingsley '* aikte "-at nt I ante. Ituise 1) ietI rn-i' I--use -rring Panty, Kingsyi-v L~ail(. I)Iw I ii~~ t;i' I ii st' Pwi'ttill. IKv''psttitii' I eigtits .I Pitolt ['titl ltHouse-1) I inc, Mdxc,Springs2 P icnic. ic, s-le' Lakt .'---------Sw it -'., Glenn or Pnksn Sprs. I B'myluet "1141Dance 1H4ouse 7 1 )I ft-. A 1erivait Leg tlo---I )na-c' ('i-lntI y it, I tfwcti,I ):m ,i --,-\A ilt io t lii Lte'g ittl -Saturdayy, April 9, 1939 -( 'ti-IInTtl mu 1 ,all1 A1 ttmehio'ali 14gi itt l T kI I[ l Is ''( 111 1, 1 fi st .. .I I'' ]' I l)i c .t, 1 411"4 I tINIfI tsc' I-tkv k I I Is f I'I -I sfie' ---' IFit a Is t Itt -a ha st Ittlise P~tflcr. HM I.A M ouse ...... -ilul .Iiiiglt .11'i .Il~k it~ok, j mit amt t. Htets' I ie' -{tsI st lit114 It4Iii v .t Its h Mt ij Ii t1'rty. Ilitiy tane' li htse' Ph 'IIIlt -t ;t I 'II I) Ia h tl. Ilti-HIa i 1ir": iti se AI 9 le :f If j i -14 AM) I IhI 6:00 IpmlSAW 1;111 1,11 .110E G pill :ll arm -1 :0lt pmt 4) prr12:10NI 3 :e0 pl2 :1 pm:pri 9oOpr) I prn 2 l00 palI.; :411 pil 14.5 inn34 5tttil fif I iit.f pin 101 J I -1 p T! I elht pi :3)41 pini 1 :00 1 6-l:1)pilN 12:40 pilS:344 pn-,11 p ill12:410 No pIInI 1.:00 Pni1:4141 in.):411) pill. 2:f pill 9:110 pm 4:0) pm 1:4100 j1m 9:010 pril if) p I-12: t:1 12i Fit it -2AH)arN pil I I I ii i 311) lti o1 ant2:00 a In -i I I -2 :00 pnt 2 :',ll p 4 Sum 12:114M 9 F0ll jpt12:1M 1-30 a I ;,w1 t i4 il)"C jul -1 (p)I pillG. 4 (h I IIt t2:) M -:0( 'ltamI 111:110) aml-: I M pri l:i op i-12:00 M t 11olin1 -p4 m 12:() M -2:1 niam :IN) pil 9:00 pi 1: 30 1)1112:34) am 1:30 pni3:30 pml io:il al5:414) ptn X:(H0 pni-12:04 Nl 9 l pjt-12:00 I M 12:00Ni -12:30all' Caroliae Crafti iis adtd another ATO to her list ('randall Hageli. Ani now iat 'we' think of it, what has she die to dmev txall this 'ttt i puhi Y Billy Thotas% is o itiari of few woids Martha I water wittil i li.Sten ti jny iot it0 his siv i rivel so he took his pii back. The qutes! ori oi the xx ek is where ('ott n Madill can disappear to for 36 homs at a stieti'. ant finally show up with pictlies allt over his shirt. We all kritw what a swinimer can't do anti keep in shape Bit you'd oe surprised to seewhat is done "for the ale of swinirwing." tor information ee Ed ( asa LJoma) Roed. Banev ilarfield ('I) haAI a i4 etc with Inez Finley for tW, R. Every nihl sete nad tiii gt twite eartv and now we kn i tfie i r:ti4on it was tor that tat date with the one ('harli Krejiecr. Personal to Dorene Medlin-George Vlorgan, whose ntine hope is tLat you will claim hun was rtjishehaving himself ri one of the lotu jioks in the company' f ont' who is supposed to be engaged Chene3. Dlicl Watson asaeil anna Baker itown for House par-ties .Atti eeping him waiting a weec sei -inal'y agreed. Watlton, yor te-'eill .910111calt h Ill) ",yJi.l John %arren is( tn this way irl li the w'irlit he finalIty got w;eiw a t Mr .l liLambeth probably a result Wr irau.' \e'w4 iC caking a it,' xi.'.jth hitri. Dot Hill has taken a turn for Itbe-net tiI n ung Iwni in the ne-ar tutire t ipsee fti Willia o AT(2. mnp: -!HIth--ho ( dl l'ernari sponi two hours Stnmday night v. lrlIg a itiThi ti vi iii Ititpan-hlien it'n tee to E dna Wilson, Delta Zea ,11t a I'Lit" f e'xi!at!iin i Jorlight have bheen written tt Tampa %' L 1fil i hSe t a lhoitits txxu tia t housii~eplatIt's ate ier e f rii atI a fewt,, iitesttng fat oft the sit nattimn: Framid ii a S lailt.I Phi Ta, c-an dip mtofre IIIiII sing Iuring the jast glet' cli. 11)tim hi' itIa e 5tCevell late's Ir htuseat-s. anti is tNNw I Ji dia (i y si'] rig the'i lto his brtShei s t No Iing it insiderat ions. \\c w t I i" t S "l )I th i gr-Is are goli g lt let-c when they find that tht-v N j t e'i l s I wri he e'ftt N vlict. liis at 'late' with ied Light bown tr hiuls.'II t1it ies Wet hlopt t hat lie tesi'l stand 14i lilt, like Pill N rock ~just dliid ftir A rchit -Meat ar i -tHe a is havik Mtar-ret tl'Al a ros n.e Iibhard, as mus 11wsepol tv dalt-, This silutit he ittt'rc'ting .tiuimor has it !itt the past wil i i' in tiiw l at the satime' t iniT'i w'armIi up fm our pitiusepartIts, Dmiltier Itersh aw. lit Tt k ii, iS ploing tit St. Auiitite this week f ltt t fuilctitin tlere Alsip at the funiction wil lit' three girls wearing 1 11 givl thetii ty I.this erhouse Tht' -it l a' h' will have four t itoir y ti vrms tum:t MDn14luiP I.Mi-'i I Pl is m n-ig a This xxt'q'k I I)tile'lt iii11 i111411 tis it iat Ih ti t ha 't Siiter n swI w y -t lieu lict utuhel, has1aIto ot-! a iiitl -k -ct il .,, one ate iakbrnped dvrAs tE ill.'# tit t'r I1 in b.,I f Nt-X .Is) t iri g tis t It v -ati itt1 I o'c a I lit? :k 1.enr c ii' it tit hill l(t i': Alth ug inuIn \ lupit I Il hp y We' w'leN ha iv lI' I it it i : i t1It'1 tit i t tic fleiiiMesahethsimoaloc mn thlt-latt. 4are. And w wo Al'rlif.lit Swann SA 'I (r trV -'F -I p I llt th S m siIII-t ti -s t hat hlit' ithat e pulbs .\t ir a r \.V H W 4 ie 1w 1h1:1mppy clw dwithI t hf k Ill I iun~ t r. I i -tie-1h aker, K T eltt im ii l :s thll(. t I thait (it l 'hi llercm~jyiA I ral 4 tI r[lima om roti 2 % te 10 114 14' to le tltn-I t h .1 ~l 111 %fO r htv "( tN(1 i\un I I I I I 4% Al ow -4111 k.im 0 I 'NUFF SED Rurnptt THE Clthier ( Ie I' II M: ; 'I ii f C, dfcideIt he wanted to inIit ate Thrown. He did, but in the wrong places, and wo uu ip il lthe .lal Bastilt'. He was and still ist 1r) der observat in on .'istpikn it( insaitty. Bilsy Tontuei~o had Selma Right, KT) from Atlanta. down e~ai-it,'r this year-. b t t ra. l he o)1rff F14) r -[ t 5 I I it: ilI tlhin~s sT atetax Ieo. I it' has invit ed A DPi Bet1y y ra %es oIwn fov hl us'*pa ties. We wmtnterwnat she vill bring on the hart r market when the drv season arrives. Question of the week: Why did Louis#, Horne blow up at Ed Manning just because he tlok her best friend to Jacksonvilel last Sunday night It the pro football scouts could Wive seen .layrry checkinghout I,--nestla night, he. would havye [eefn flooded with offers. It seems uOrrieek "Tiger" and one -I.&%iiin-' frimi Illin is were out in the witantry, and an offendetl fartier "",k a shot at them. More sweatshirt t news. Hill Thompson, Beta. strained a muscle lilt in his head # tuting thick I and] couldn't gipt t, Pan-Hle]itnits. s.t iand Din went up and I II ed i t() take t a e it W ull s ate in the usual 'n i fui Dix'n t'AV And Tom Wl:aer, ('Phi. afi 1 makingg one t "f '.I, rictes, of !)' iinternity's rubj s .ird pinning IHm a La lirr, K AT,. found he etimln't even get a :ilte with her 'I' I 'in-ilIleni-s. although he went up Thtirsda 'v ant begged lierJ' three lays Ito gi \ e him a date. It sto!v .him right. IHo sneaked '01t t'f Tally ,-;it I II: itly mni -n .4 u',r one'elseat-i yeil. .\d \ .Ot. whv did .iimy O( dord ht ave town very t-klenly ioinmmittee Maps Fair Route The routing committee ftoi th 'igineer's Fair has reconimendti hftll.wing t ,ie t" viSit Start ftrmi the xwist sid -4 .1-t4in Hall, gil through the x .-<, rance eof that building, il tI.rS 1k) t he lCt-tral House i lagic. Industrial Engineering *x ,Oits and 'viI F.ngincering c (in returning to the first f' t n SitoS itnaty See atli ntal ( nF' ineering exhibits from xhii I hey will enter the Flettrioal I ll ImP-cing i.ahbtr:. ory at ti tI t. pate if ihiretclay. lii '' ieits are very nniyed seem-s they received a Ilanke ti t :lt Ilie Phi elts for hotise arties. arii were highly plea.sed ,1 !1 theoy disappeared w-he'n th:i !"i1id t lii Phi Delt bids xi'er iu s itol' tus conim(mWn as lair till I i nir is it ;i t t h" .lohnn. Fiernard anl i Phi Btty l aiu romance is on the vrgc cf a txell -reased skid. Isn't is retiarkahl hiw t he coming of hot weather un sticks set :)many things.' I ;uess that's abuit all, htl nex 6 mte will cover houparties. Iu r -l"t\-. "hIt'~ a nor-th-east end -if the hall P.-.I iii piokcctd 1c the shops Leo aving iti, hC3i.;5., vi-itrq v;il pass thro u igH Ihe Materialk Testing labiorator Ws immediately in hahk of tite shps an i from ihere will be cited past the Packart :a ir I1 .e iI IyLIi .t IaI l t ,) ie M Iihanical Eugiieeiing tundlirg for -I i siT 1.) Hv Mvchanival lahto atory. o*iws will l a" the lt the tnotrW i.oi and will crto.the street t) the Astr'onornv exhioil itht !Ihie cspOnneITd bY t hit Civil Eng iner i s Fron this point the v'isitar will t., the I laza of the Arierca; to th ('hentity H uilklin in w hicli wl b thIe etxhijbits of lie ( (ie-riji al:'0igmeers anl the c heynical Iii oi',t'tof Magic. ill Ihie teat j o the 'hemistry Btuil ung wil I t rlitIodel filtatittil plant al, oil the soutn oide l tle ulding' wilI Int i t it e spoistrit b' I I ,y thte Chemical ngiteets. Vi ,ini thent e i.visitor will r ), t4 ) tliet, itt1th Side of th*' tttilitiiull whier t the Mitaryv Ieia itilt will have an cxVhit Ill fritlnt 4f this will Ne two airdarits cifp in tpiti nspection by the public. i tttoii tli i point tl.' x'isttot wIll letit ti tit thex nest side (it Be'notii ill past the Refresitett antI Stma ntau, iotths. This climpletets tien oiteI a rt'oumimtenliletd. Cafeteria Meal Tickets Will Be Redeemable -F' At The UNIVERSITY SODA FOUNTAIN (Florida Union Annex) During SpringHolidays -Thursday, April 7th, -Sunday, Aprdl 10th LET US SERVICE YOU YOUR HOLIDAY SPECIALS. Open Every Day Just The Rooms You've Been Looking For Large Rooms Completely Furnished Connecting Rath with Each Room privatee Entrance to Each Room Maid Service Each Day I ot Water at All Times As a special concession for April and May thege rooms may he rented for only $7.50 per month for each boy. APPLY AT Sixth and Seventh Street Half Block North Of University Ave. At 210 N. Smith St. C I Ilk I ,oo ftr --.-= =--7-=-::= p 7 pma, i I .. IJ I fill I W Ja 

PAGE 8

IF FRIDAY, A PAC-: L V1-tlz Tallahassee Elections Draw To Close; Sororities Name Heads By Ieuina hIo'WP Tils week bought. campus and srority ciin' i i a Students who have been tapped for variousti honorarwc 1 a holding the li meliglit aliing with the new C"llege G'verrn.cers who will be installed Monday night. Officers elected in the final elections were: Senio r rep-res n taives to judiiary,BeRtty Hach and l (hArlot te Kampe: : jufio' t pres.entatives to judiciary. Ina M It'garet Robinson, Fraances Slaie. an Connie Ash; sophomore repi sentatiVeII to judiciary L cilW alker, and Cornelia Watson. House (hirnn The Siix new house ihairi on b (t d were: Kat ue':ne B' Mrnjmie Ruiti Baggott. Lucia nNIn r Ilyn, Esther O'Byrrt, Sue P' ;i r, and Ruth Rogers. Mary B1intc ;,.%t wa chosen (hai r'man tit f campus committee, 1 w' n vi l be ('orJlii'eoil of th e folb' irg : Ma'Frances Caiipb I Gison IDev. Anita Jac i. ia:herine Kirbv-Smith. Martha Moore. Edith Ott. Irtee Peck, Louise Rie. and Kathe ine stev-Its. I lazel Adams was selected the business mana ger of the FIla-L beau, and Babara Adams is the jew'' tieastu:er of the W.A.A. sixteen senior.9 have acieptI hpis 1o become members of Imi 1 Kappa Phi, ratil;Ionl s ihhola t uc hi omiry sm iety.Mits for Suletioni was high schoa ship aid strong psomi hart er. Toso selctedxe i-.-Jamie Jones. 1EIliza beth Kna)pp. Sarah Sinley,. MAi ry Ensign, Cha[lotte Carlton. Eli-d beth Pierce, Elizabeth Jinks. Dor othy Barclay, Kathleen Mil Ruth Prather, Kathleen Grupleb Virginia Schr'iber, H onor May nard, Mary Virginia Lopez. Eve-Z lyn Glazier, and Elizabeth Fi'int The Kappa Deltas elected of-n fices fo next year this ek.U The new officers are: Becky Ashton, president; Ima Marigarit. Robirson. vice -pnsident : Bun iy TIlurnbuil, secretary; Lavina \oss, treasurer; Maitha Baunge, a sistant. tr-astitel; Ja Jakson' Chi Omega Elets lie ni'w ('hi m iga fftiis areC: BettY -arison ptsidint: .ackson 'l'ixaia.vic-pisdt Evelyv tis.iIse(-Ietatv Beshe OvenI, I i nu e1, .Fran -Sl Ii' jilettge tiiithiIr; Scraip Manin. ciii li'poild ii g S iIeta ., i aIi HB. -I Sigmia. KIappt oficcr't tiiit-year aie: Suzanne 'TI US c. pies-e lietv 1-Eiso hi ('t t. eali' It JK. It t V 1. ;4,11I I at 11 -m1 1r4.9 st 1ra11 and IhIStIrI n11 Adi I Bit kr. a 'I nge ncit resJio2.eiit Mi zi' l I lllegr, Pan loplne er4setatve. ,mi P,11 Sli;rkman. slholaship lChaiPrtn: ti 3 it 'sopilhCoiunii ft:.iaiatir:; mcemrcetaiid MlI; v night fmilSujhonori' ( 'citni wv hit-h i-t hi highlist honor ; fri'shlini can obtain. Scholarship. lit-r slIp ;di service ate thi qual itrtia i rs if a.sophone irv coitnel Inieniei. Te The new n: hets a: iMitrinm Almony, Dottii' Mae Anders'n, Vilriia Halkrim. lie t li. P 'lt 10 midt, el ( 'hi~izl. -Fel-n I a tnti \ A Ian ii lI 1a xy I *e a;leisher, ity v 1 hm bl I uinn. I ,,it ( ;alt i+r,.1.va -f I Iht'M j;;j Iet U ) 11 se I HII It r," Malti .turg, Anne Jones. Elizaheti hmLon. Maiv Ellen Long. Amy Ru h McKnight, Anne MMorris, Dot Ma ples.m ialyn mims, Topsy Mithi-It Elizabeth Moore. Martha olii pyi,I tit y Nik inscin. Har ba Ia Nuw t hn. Peggy Ulth1an. NlInme n l'lit f. Roberta ithyne. NIa iy llu,zabwt hi Rix'M ro. il;i Mary Si list fs-h w -ri, t.Ma go r i' Scott. Ht; hai a Tmmiis. Ni Tnps n. aul I \a-ng, Lu-ill Walk.r i *itrit ; \\at n. Nancy \\hif. Strz;i ii' "r -I "" ii. ut .1.1 tOeo I I )l ut Nhio lit i-t lufe-!1 l inght tht-, lambvew:1 s at It w I 1;i i it -tiual h aniquet at 1iml niw 1 hi t.t ait W ak il -;i Sp i t A t. his hanpiiti't t lhe l. il iti : n 0l old tatf h11d Ih laonll"' o ai n l 'i i tih n cdl 1, vsr n i i s herstaiff. Th lo, mI 1,t11"t r voters iidt tir y s thn Near-Sighted Student Shows Scholarship NINNAEI'()LIS. -u iM \ 'i rio tthe ca It i IImSts' i1t11 is 7 f -si11 11 tiii, ts as a c Ays '4o s mne last Ik "I till tif rocl)? 4 fr til U e I. t of M mn a 4d r t Ir of st lj i".1 Ins 55 tinly a tII' c wh' pastI ti v w -I Il tle 'e apt itu 'S a usigh tf ias f li is. N ho 1 1.4ssef 1,\% I-.,t I i I. t11,4I J (' 0 1.4X ~ frIli h zw n if t ho tva r.;ghlte, ., *-o, the ric.r s.hted student way Ilnihlth.t ?,Ipartipate in games and III lt'-; act i1,tiC'S -dliiimg c'Iiilleow.e THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR Wright Gives Four Frosh Essay Contest Club Chtes Is Being Sponsored iClub Charters By Honor Court ,Iw i Of U Forestry Project Gets Approval Of President WPA Allots $8,258 For Improvements Of SchoolI Nursery Forest A %IA prpltji't for utii ii III t and Irota-tiinI of th' Fl.Ia forest .-school nursery. I gll mi's tai? thI 'ast t'o Gat svill R (osvve t. ao rdi o I Iw I' %o r I I 'i'et tm Washgtn til Ihis week by Pisilit itFiget. T pio-jet nio. t a taits thi < mI]Its-oller general's ti nint er siina te ate icht; it will be Ieturne'i to t lt,' WtPA state oftci. The iojett is b'inrig siotii il hthi' Un iv-er-si I's School If Forestnv and provides Ia' a Fd'ral c'ontributtiion1 f $25-S WIiin woiik c%%ill lbeg in is SU Ijk I Ito lecisiiil of thlt. sttt' ;i iinist a ttir. st 14It"r thi ;itst ,InM t %(ILxi 'ttwide f1 eiest hputoji-tLs iin lemJilisdictioi iof the Jackso utit' W iftice it t'ooperati n" withi t F"orida LBoard (A Fiorest y have been in ope aotl. The' ed'ralI s tbs tCip?])I in iIf $ .2,1S for' the building of roaIs. rails, an cid other .gi'ni-;ul iIIIi ments in the na sx-rV't' liasbii )taini'd fur t h1 e, 'noi'esity tough efforts of Senatr iC'(laul.' 'epK'. t ann I U11 trigr'essma ni Lex G rvvn. The' nursiry. a trait (t for's! i ve -etI l Ii Iinsistnig I s it. 559 a -rs. was ixvir IiT tl!a-hlool by the lr'l ita ''i t est and i Park Sei'vice"Gator News" (li t thc oi'gi arwtv if fa:: alIII I th it. I ir Nkk s, a p ograt m t.siglici to 1;fo I II W\' VF'lsttr of f n m i even '. lo es A I X(ex("1ilt examihIle If g-nine Ilirl;J a, iliIstemli'i. Th! it bd GatI Trhe' ftlwox'ng rkixtv hm" Ia sgi.,od;Iend M.he 11on 'ttItIs as ti.si noIuut;ulo Illh%' li-SJ j-ri;iI p'III t t I i t V If t li I (;; Poit' lig;sis xxitig st i'I 0 tt11. utl ( ;Altir11"w c'lotis s cl ()I g p)I(], tr o k l" l ii ulpit hI Ii' t hi't sinilg Ak1lgatoiis grwinIitig wicnigs 1.1k. the ehetter i-p -f rAts I 7ptirias ui l om e frat's College wellr. kv o ufr *vlt iltor Newss a prog ram te'. At dI i II -i w ld iti't'eet slit tc I ill it us mi ke tgt1t: I ix' ;'c'i't Is ;un i tr iti al s t : 1.1cid"11 -:; I f oll'ge 11it'amlpit ftIel's i a i d s Irife Episodes t. (IramllI t Z So thex' liiv before Iar i'x'i's And mi' otire unortliituitant things Thlio ;i gitti liixwslpi-t' lbrinugs 'let Iu's N'ew' tthn listen in ( 'llege ctssmtS. exvirvx-hit' 1ll-it s keel 1 itt gt 1 ;]t Dr. Woodward's Book On Social Pohtics Is Well Received V;1,11t rl n11 wis I)II e npwd ''Igh t i kflh ,t it\ i.at on-pa lle t' i.k I ~ (' 'a ; ~ "uit ''xc .r ust issio' y' Matuillaui ( 'uminy:. New 1) i at-rs Stunhi iumtim-irs 'Ithe Iwictilv x to i4t),, 11m1 st 1bok 1,11 s ot a IelitS i the """',"i f"r' "te let le .1'( [,.,1 'a t' o ugutik is u-1tain '19 11r. \V,-1w rd -s )x.k i c t Ie f great interest nut only It ta anal h'rta. bu through lilpti ait 0oIse wh:' have just ii'tt it Ii; \Vaxi a: u Itali f pl'lsIIDENTS OF CBIS of the various Departments of En i ering who led in the preparation for tioriights Engineers' Fair. are frt in left to right. abii. Nelson Mrliy. American Institute of Chemical Engineering: HarhertG -t: ', Benton Enginecring Society: Ji inn Atkinson, American Institute if E c trial Engineeri: i'Sarn War ren. Sigma Tau: Frank Ebv. Soe; et y fir Advancement of Matiagenit-nt' Bill Bassett. American S-ety of Mechaniii al Enginee;nmg. Diwxner Renshaw. American Soc t ty 4 of Civil En gineers. is not shown Visitors May See Many Queer Contrivances At Fair Tonight A-\ oxiii'xvisiting th dyra-an ah I at)I iv or th Ili.ilvctro ih I tra thweek cc-ill run into a l,n of n t 'ity as eltric t. al nmg repa r e for' a n crii' el11. ut-ate F:nginc'rs' Fair than ta tnt will atinrid and eiglt isitots xk huviit ihe' 'Fair Ls lalui0e I tit'I,-,! A lar gi' putili address sy';oLM atitp Be ittir f Hall to I' ni-hi 'sxing1 nnud'' students u Ihi an aIpl' hs'u I of ihythn in 'hIii yna m11) Iabof atorv visit of.A v.Ill 61. shown lloiw top synlr1raolize al' rna; tors I -mians of a I r-ei nk k it' I lashing iicolired la'uupi anothitr part of the lab they Sill havc' an opporttuility to ma ke w tIon l V40lt Ie-rI-"u'.1ingS, .u11 i heat tihui ''ooUng ptl' kiedh-k 1o t hai im nl-Itno hiter secti on ft ti l Iil t hi'v %. il i lltI a m a i .' to, qlth e r t I;_.'t a I! next t' hi; til''isit it -ill I il a ritlx t;' isi-nig tt'tfiiiat--0 if fi 'A 0X fi's.l!'tl 0V I vIw i 1 Ill I inwt n h le1'r Ii I ltl' I -il si 4 qi1 t xc il shi -xc I I IIAI"* o I ,I-i (' f tI (liheit Ixt ei I-' ha k imifk iar : a I Ii th l hII i(liihmi10 c'is I shit% xc Sil -utit;I i'1 11 (Wi ls ex ittyI iaf,I tit IIlit xI I lt I he i i ieN "it. f I It i rtittu I tinling at full sliimit hi lt;It11ttii t v ( 4t i vfii I 'l,1 I a. -itk il is iA i islor' p egre ait l' I IIIt h a eugst l-fl vigtee frrii hi iinidI and a 'l .fr it.x t'l:,,I it Ninth ('arliia. This Ss a-Itst year as a intiber ii 1(4 1 f:i ilt y' of thi' I niot 'er'sity if rI'!r II anl' .I9 assistant professor in Social Sciences lecturing in -hv (;i'neral College. Pepper Leads On Straw Ballot 'Nefn tor (Ihtde reyper s er.l'ieil Ii" rials for the ,%Vst illthi Inited lstajtes Sellat', wi~hich le now holds. Iita train% lilalllp tI kil-et at the U iioeri I fNof lorifla Nesterda I's-pper r~cvi% fd Yniore thIli so ttv, as % were '-I. for e\-Go% ernor I la % e shl li a n o ( 'itg resml iaitI Ma rk %A ico\ coined. Y Tlie\oto-, whic-h %wa*; -upemrxi d iiy% the iii'ertitys Honor (1er and taken at the aaue ltitle atid tnder the a.tme efvifitio is the regular student hioc el.ct ion whuh w as al I held -e.teray. %howed that "et of a t '"id f '216 6" "t ..:e.t repiier received -, 1445 % xhile \%il('oi % gi'%e"i 411 to shnlt' 267. The result,% are ,moire -ignificiant since the 0 t 1 1tal xite i. repre.%etntative tit It a S er ce t of the students %% Io 0 fite d ill the student Events I n A lumni Livcs FI: FAVF:RI' \ I P'( 'KY. JR LSAI tI!I 33.i-ksn rvill. xcr'te an -u-ilo -A r, h itoctural A comstirs. xhi h appeasin m i turr'nt hulle!t is-Ised by Ihhe v h" 't1 'if Ar h't-, tl o, ;i-f \ifi-I A rts if N Ik I':1 -,-1 1; .,Smater': vdeglree frtm that w,f'r.-it v III the next issue 1if I'' itors w.i ilsii hp vi I ippittuity of si'cingI a photii-ilcect'ic So!i Ing machin114ii sort a groups) ot balls accordiung to their color. Iincludud in the exhibits will hi' th licI muse (if NMagI -i .withItsuci phenomena as hiack light. lighting an clectrilamp with a match. and an aftIIr-tintiir speaker t I I I'll'vif'fe r Twet v-tw' lip))resiIts op the United Stats Cere aluru of coIjeges. A nne-hole gulf -iursi is wing --onstrutted (In the Texas State College for Wmen caiplIs. l3'a'khurn ('olligo stdilenits. in a recent poll, votil in favor of tiore ,''leap year' tatwis. 'i n Diego State College itramratists were amon ,the first cilgim i to give a pertornianice4 of '~.II Caesar''in-modern dress. FVi-r niversity of P lor:Ia alu Ili chlarters were p resented tli" i Week to ciluN9 along tile east co ia"t of the state. it was reported bY Frank S. Wright on his return tIday. Nin-e en charters have beenl granted to alumni cluhs rangimg irom Marianna to Miami. Installation this week were as follows: Fort Pierce, Dan McCarty. president: Fort Lauderdale. John Lloyd, president: Miami. Everett Cla., president: New Smyrna Beach. Arnold Fuller. president Continued high interest at ever v doint was reported byw 'right. At a number of citieS where alumni clubs have now been installed the recent rmeetintgs we e thle first ratlherings of former students ef he I'niversity which have ever been held. St-ed Rollins, Vaiderilt t 'iiersitv's Southern (Conference feri-I ilg champion. ever studied the .port before lh canme tci e ee. Thel UIniversat(v of Minnesota -maintains a Newsteel Theatre tip or ing to Students latest world new.q caught by Movie camferamen, Ihelii 'jnur .("wilt this wiik a: itsgipt sorship Of a frish malI esSiay cot3t. i tpei only students taking the General College C-3 comirehesi ve coiljrse The subject is: "Improving thi University c(i Florida's Ho:.' System. In carrying on this contest, th Honor Court officials have enhsted the aid of the C-3 teaching talff in explainft gthe t h C .head W t.' ,",,' i the em 'N 'i I I 'A' r 1; a 0 *, 1 'S '1 ;' al.ire: ~ if~i 'cirs;JudJg*: St P~-i.5.head of ril-1r -and the K'i-avs arm to bo_ lfarxard has the 's-i of more tbi i, scattered overSS HELP WANTIJD -MALE collegee Nicii -pind this summer in Souith A4*ma )Osition-S. No special experience neceary. af charges) today for a.tonishing information. sout sociation, 827 St. CharleA Ave., New Qrleans, 1 na SrinMEVacalioi Baggage PHONE RAIWAYVEXPRIESSA AINID SANE TMEY, [II ANDI) 10OUBLF 4 \ 1 Cll tor .our trunk's acid bags without extra ll cities and principAl tow%%is -torward them by faicl~ train -dc:ver the at rates as sweet and low as a you cAn express to//ra. you know, It %our tunds ar nent.One hundred per cent, and you rake your troll: baggage bother. When you return to college, ship back by the s noiiical route, and your bAggage ^ill be delivered Special tags and labels-they re by far dhe best to tor the aLang. 113 So. Pleasant Gainesville, Fla. RAWALW XPRE4 AGENCY" NC. Oult NATION-! RAI[-.A* NOW AsoulYOUody money Ak s ourGo", or SERVC 's 9 good* to nfo"0O a -~-tMJild ipe tobaccos. and pure cgrareftepaper ...thcsc Cliestcrficd ingredients are the best a cigarette can have -, -*1~ CA K~ I~i Nv -%o %~ix~~ A' -'S N -S 'S --A' ~ --(S ---' I -I -' -. -I / It .31r In t 'VpeS 'if r',m' F' KAN RO';;S. LLB '28. has i ssicia tel him-Rolf wit l LawSa A.Long, Jacksonville, in 'lit tf f ni luti n of t partn-ttlvrship fiiT ti (irtof v tnmder thfirnet ----a -L'cu fec H a intx telrted '-'eretar' of the .i isinvill'' ar Association. F' 4"1ti]cvs are tYu i t 0'tlIat t Ii -; Bat/ -4 rt eqoff in esterj -the reason they give so many St ore pleasure .is the full flavor and ofmild ripe home-grown and aromatiC~i ish tobaccos, blended like no other ci The Champagne cigarette paper used in making Chesterfields is pure. burns without taste or odor.its h best cigarette paper money can bay. .ou 'I find MORE PLEASURE Chesterfield's milder better tas* '9 ell 4 ad Su We t r". Al u le w "I ENG INEERS THE NEW GATOR RESTAURANT Wants to extend its congratulations to the Builders of the Universe. We wish for you continued accomplishments. VISIT US FOR THE BEST IN THE WAY OF EATS I I In --Ak. Phone 30.* 
