
PAGE 1

weather: warm, high in mid 80s wednesday, april 2, 1986 0the Independent florida alligator Senate saves Accent from debt By SHARON KENNEDY debt but it is still a bad situation." until a couple of weeks after they have been ordered," Walker Alligator Writer "The senate is stuck with giving money to organizations said. "Now we're aware of the problem we're going to do our Accent could have written rubber checks to sex therapist Dr. when their former heads mismanage money," said Student best to see that it doesn't happen again." Ruth Westheimer and author Norman Mailer if the Student Sen. Tom Armstrong, who represents the College of Journal"Obviously there was some kind of miscommunication." Senate hadn't come to its rescue Tuesday night. ism and Communications."I'd like to see (the senate's investiGilick said. "Mark thought he had $3,000 left over and he over Student senators unanimously passed a bill to bail the speakgation committee) hold these chairpeople responsible." spent by almost $9,000." er's bureau out its $10,000 debt, saying they'll not do this "It's not like we have a choice here," said Student Sen. Gilick said beginning his term as chairman in debt has taught again. Marla Dolan, who represents Buckman dormitory. "We could him an early lesson. "Nothing is going to be spent without my Accent chairman Lloyd Gilick was left with $10,061.81 this be sued (by the speakers for breaching their contracts). We knowing it." month in outstanding bills when he took over the SG speaker's have to make damn sure that this does not happen again Phil MacLennan, director of Student Government Producbureau from former chairman Mark Shalloway last month. though." tions, said he had similar problems when he took over the Although former Accent treasurer Mike Ficcaro was charged concert-producing organization. SGP was almost $10,000 in Shalloway couldn't breached for comment despite several with bookkeeping, Shalloway ultimately was responsible for the red, MacLennan said. attempts to reach him. A roommate said he is busy directing a the bookkeeping because he had to sign all money requests, "I would have liked to put on a comedy or variety type show, play. Student Body Treasurer Brad Walker said. unfortunately we may be missing some shows," Gilick said. "I asked Mark when I took over how much was left over and "Accent is involved in StudentGovernment," he said, "they "I'm going to do my best to set up some people who will speak he said around $3,000," Gilick said, rely on Student Government finance to keep their records for free or for little money. "This is really unfortunate in light of But Gilick said bills started coming in -bills that he straight." the fact that Mark put on a pretty diversified and good string of thought were already paid. "I think Accent was depending on (the SG finance) office to shows, in doing so he overspent his budget." "I began to realize we had a lot less than Shalloway let them know when their balance was low," Walker said. A committee of student senators will design a policy to hold thought," Gilick said. "I doubt if he intentionally left me in "But bills don't reach the student government finance office Shalloway responsible for the debts during his administration. Arrested students trial near By JIM HAGY Alligator Staff Writer In their hearing Tuesday with the Student Conduct Committee, the five apartheid protesters arrested Feb. 5 on the steps of Tigert Hall decided the best defense is no defense. The five protesters listened to the committee, which charged them with blocking the entrance to Tigert Hall. Under UF rules, this is considered a disruption of a university function and could result in disciplinary action against the defendants. After the committee finished SUSAN GARDNER/ALLIGATOR presenting its side, it was the proDivestment supporters block the entrance to Tigert Hall during the Feb. 5 protest. testers' turn to speak. But instead of arguing their case, they asked Jacque Betz, one of the five cial system, they were allowed after they blocked the entrance to minds. Each time the five rethe committee toeither find them arrested. "We want ademocratic two hours; Tigert Hall. The sit-in and the mained steadfast, and finally, innocent or withold its recomtrial." 0 the inability tosubpoena witplanned arrests were part of Johnson adjourned the hearing. mendation to Student Services Betz and the four other protesnesses. Students may ask for witnearly a year of demonstrations Dean James Scott of what, if any, ters, who call themselves the nesses to be present, but cannot and protests against the $3.7 milLater Tuesday, Johnson said disciplinary action should be ta"Mandela five" in honor of imprisubpoena them; and, lion the UF Foundation has inthecommitteehadreachedarecomken against them until after their soned South African dissident vestedmendation but said he could not April 21 trial in the Alachua Nelson Mandela, stated several N no legal means to review the ness with South Africa publicize it until after Scott had County criminal court. reasons why they declined to evidence that will be presented been notified, which should be The five protesters refused to present their case. Among them against them. Specifically, the Committee Chairman Simon sometime today. cooperate, they said, because they were: students want to see the videoJohnson, a professor of educaAfter Scott is notified of the saw the system as unfair. E lack of sufficient time to tape UF has of the arrests. tion said he understood the prorecommendation, he will decide "We don't think we can get present their "long and compliThe students were carried testers' stand and repeatedly gave whether the protesters will be justice in an unjust system," said cated" defense. Under UF's judiaway in handcuffs by UF police them chances to change their punished. Tshe 30 IncreasePlan I ..,. .I A proposal to increase the state cigarette tax from 21 to 24 cents per pack could generate $45 million annually for medical research. Amounts shown in millions. Florida Cancer Control and Research $15 Fund University $10 $10 of Miami $10 University of FlorIda University of South Florida H wigh cigarette tax proposed Money woukd o to Shands, other medical schools By MIKE MNASON '" Rehabilitative Services statistics showing li ea$843 million in annual health costs to Florida e '3J3 attributed to cigarette smoking. She said the A proposal er islature to incidence of cancer in Florida is the highest in increase theta a1%ck ettes from 21 the nation. 10 24 cents could million to UF's Medical school. The increased tax revenue will also pay for State Representative Mary Figg, who said million is spent on cancer research. About $1 the Florida Cancer Control and Research she will file the bill when the session begins million is provided by the American Cancer d. degnd tohel determier hory Tuesday, calls the3 cent per pack tax increase a Society. board designed to help determine how to users' fee to help cancer research. spend an estimated $15 million each year. EdithStuart, an aide to the TempleTerrace Dr. Ken Finger, associate vice president at The fund, known as CCRAB, will emphasDemocrat, said $45 million could be raised theMedoseth a"theemis suwh't ize control, prevention and early detection each year by the increase. Shares of $10 miltremendous need," that the $10 million won programs, CCRAB staffer Marsha Jordan lion would go to the medicals schools at UF, be hard to spend. said. She said the fund plans to sponsor low the University of Miami and the University of Joel Calvani of The Smoker's Den tobacco cost cancer screening and cancer education. South Florida, she said. shop said he did not know how the increase Jordan said the fund is not specifically UF President Marshall Criser said he supwould affect the sale of cigarettes. He said the directed toward cigarette-induced cancers, ports the proposal, but added UF was "not proposal probably would be passed despite althoughshesaid"30percent of all cancers are going to spend 'the money' 'til we see it." any objections the industry might raise, citing attributable to smoking." a tax on pipe tobacco passed last year. "We Of the more than $100 million UF spends have no say," Calvani said. The proposal coincides with the American each year for basic and applied research, Cancer Society's "Cancer Control Month" Health Center administrators say about $5 Stuart cited Department of Health and running this month. 

PAGE 2

County takes over library By CHRIS FONZI Alligator Writer Amid "Happy Birthday" balloons and buttons, city and county commissioners voted Tuesday to transfer responsibility for the library system from the city to the county--a move that could eventually double the library system's budget. Tuesday morning, the Santa Fe Regional Library System became the Alachua County Library District, creating a new tax base for the system and establishing a sevenmember board of trustees to oversee i t. Formerly, the branches of the library were contracted to other cities in the county for a fixed rate. County Commissioner Leveda Brown said the change was made so the library system could be expanded beyond the incorporated areas of the city and serve the entire county. "We couldn't do that at the expense of the Gainesville taxpayer." she said. Library Director Polly Coe said the new revenue, which could increase the library system's budget from about $1 million each year to $2 million, will provide several immediate and long-term improvements. Coe said the county may not always call for taxes and the library would have to prove it needs money. In three of four years, Coe said, a new main library in downtown Gainesville may be completed. Depending on the space that is needed, the new library could cost between $7 million and $8 million, she said. The current main library branch is located at 222 E. University Ave. Library representatives said they also hope to obtain funds to build. two new branches in northwest Gainesville within the next few years. Shands trying to keep aid Rise of HMOs decreases funding for indigent care By COLIN WH1TWORTH Alligator Staff Writer Shands Hospital is working with Alachua County commissioners to solve what they say is a big social problem -the care of the poor and homeless. Last year, Shands provided $33 million worth of care to indigent people at no cost. Florida's taxpayers picked up a significant portion of that tab. Although the state gave the hospital $9 million last year to help support the cost of providing indigent care, the remainder of the bill went to Florida's counties and hospital patients -$24 million. But Shands officials say the rise of Health Maitenance Organizations has put the program in jeopardy by changing the way people pay for hospital bills. The remaining $24 million is funded two ways through a fee added to paying-patients' bills and through contributions from county governments. Those contributions are taken out of the taxpayer's pocket. The added fee, also called a "sick tax," amounts to about 27 percent of each hospital bill. Now, Sloate says, patients under HMO plans are not always required to pay the tax, so the inflation of people joining HMOs has deflated the funding for indigent care. "HMOs are reluctant to have their clients carry the burden through their prices," he said. "They havetobe competitive in the prices. They just want to carry the regular delivery program." Shands administrators began touring 16 nearby counties on Monday in an effort to gain support for the cause in Alachua County. Sloate says Shands needs the help of those commissions before the problem of paying for indigent care can be solved. There is no immediate danger to Shands' program, but Sloate says in five to six years, there will be a big problem and the poor will be in serious jeopardy when trying to obtain hospital care. The county already helps Shands' indigent care program -the only county in the state's third HRS district that does. Last fiscal year, the county gave Shands $49,800 under the indigent maternity care program, or $997 per baby delivered. Under a contract now being negotiated, the county would double that figure and change the per patient fee to a flat fee regardless of the number of patients. Panel urges change in By BRAD BUCK "I'd like to see the governor appoint people Alligator Staff Writer trom Ocala and other neaby areas and truly make it a regional airport," Hill said. The Gainesville Regional Airport may end The Legislature opens Tuesday. The counup under the control of a dependent board ty's legislators -Rep. Sid Martin, D-Hawwith more autonomy than the current airport thorne, Rep. John Mills, D-Gainesville, and authority, much to the chagrin of at least two Sen. George Kirkpatrick, D-Gainesville city commissioners. asked the study committee to come to them The airport study committee Tuesday apwith recommendations by April 15 so they proved a recommendation that would create a could pass the airport legislation this spring. nine-member airport authority. The panel But Hill and other commissioners still wonwould consist of five members appointed by der why the state lawmakers seem so intent on the city, three by the governor and one by the passing a new airport bill this session. county. "They've never come to the commission Currently, all seven members of the Gainesand told us what was wrong" with the airport, ville Regional Airport Authorityare appointed Hill said. "I don't think anything specifically is by the city. The final draft of the recommendawrong with the airport." tion should be completed by next week. It will -The study panel's recommendations are first go before city commissioners. If they like "illegal and inappropriate," Commissioner what they see, the proposal may go to Alachua W.E. "Mac" McEachern said. County's three state legislators. "It seems stupid to make these recommenCommissioner Beverly Hill said she agrees dations without first hearing thejudge's ruling with letting the governor appoint authority in Tallahassee," he said. members. McEachern said it would be "political suiairport control board cide" for Kirkpatrick to initiate another airno obligation to retain those workers. port bill during this legislative session. Under Public airports are controlled in one of three the study committee's proposal, the airport ways: a city department such as Gainesville's, director would answer to the authority, ina dependent board with no power to levy taxes stead of to the Gainesville city manager as the or an independent board Xvith taxing authorcurrent system does. ity. The study committee is proposing a deThe new status of the airport director would pendent board. eliminate duplication of effort, authority memLast spring, the legislature passed a bill ber Lois Hensel said. creating an airport board that would take Under Tuesday's recommendation, the city away some of the city's control over the airwould still own the airport property but would port. It would allow the city to appoint three lease the land to the authority. members, the governor three and the county In a revised airport bill they were going to one. introduce this spring, Alachua County's legisBut the city is challenging that bill in court lators proposed that the state take control over in Tallahassee. development of airport property. None of the area legislators could be reached Most airports in Florida are controlled by for comment Tuesday. authorities rather than city departments like Gainesville's airport, City Attorney Marion Radson told the study committee. Correction One problem that may result from the establishment of a dependent board would be the UF student Liz Lanahan is the vice chairwofate of the 11 city employees at the airport, man of Accent, SG's speakers' bureau. TuesHensel said. The new board would be under day's edition of The Alligator said otherwise. 0 BASH RIPROCKS 1222 W. University 372-0044 i Jumbo Hot Dog, Soda & Chips 1 only $2.50 1/4 lb hot dog with choice of toppings. 9I Kraut, Mexican, Chill or Cheese! 0 Eat In, Carry Out or Delivery 0 valid through 4/6/86 0I0eminmmmmmm mmmm. 1 volume 79 number 124 alli#bo all[ ga. NaesRoam 376-4466 Editor.Sallie Hughes Photo Editor Managing Editor .Mark Southgate Opinions Editor. News Editors .Mickie Anderson Sports Editor Greg Lamm, Susan Purtic Art Director Specialr'e't Editors. Features Editor Susan Gardner Bonnie Glazer Marion Manuel .Scott Baker .Matt Holland jj aw1 1uj~ t Ulvi .......td U t: -10 .n al o 0 1 n Mark Bridgwater, Mark Wort Display Advertising 376-4482 Advertising Director. ........Tricia Carey Retail Advertising Manager. ....Michele Browder Advertising Secretary .Debbie Moran aales Representatives Cindy Arndt Pault i anneschi Terry Rhein Courtney Brown Kevin Hoffman Jody Schlesinger Tracy Gashe Richard Ivey John Sherry Laura Geigle Jeff Kremer Jeff Weibel Classified Advertising 373-FIND Cassified Supervisvr .Jayne Murphy Operations 373-9926 Operation Manager.Suzy Martin Production Manager. Bryce Taylor Advert's'ng Production Supervisor. .....Monette Helgeson Assistant Supervisor.Susan Payne Assistant Supervisor.David L. Pieribone Editorial Productton Supervisvr.Elen Baistey Assistant Supervisor .Lyle Fried Assistant Supervtsvr .Steno Scot Typesetting Supervisor .Amy Wutka Assistant Supervisor ..Barry Lupinacci CirculationManager. .Ronnie Combs Assistant Circulation M gr ....Joe Curbelo Business 376-4446 C r er ....V irginia Carro ll General Manager. .......C.E. Barber The Independent florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, pubtshed by a non-profit 501 c) (3) educational organization, Campus Communications. Inc. P.O. Box 14257, Gainesvilte, FL32064. TheAlligaaar is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms, The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. lhe Alligator is a member of the American Newspaper Publishers Association, Associated Collegiate Press and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates One Semester (Fall or Spring)---.-. .....$15.00 Two Semesters (Fall & Spring). .....$29.00 Summer Semester .BB. .O.0 PuttYear(AltSemesters.$35.00 The Alligatoroffices are locatedat 1105 W. UniversityAve. Classifiedadvertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for hotidays. Classifieds can also be placed at the UF Campus Shops and Bookstores at the Hub. Shands. Towers; at the cashier's office of the Reitz Union and off-campus at The Smoker's Den, Briar Patch, and all Chesnut Office Equipment Co. locations to Gainesville. Att rights are reserved. No portion of ihe Allioair may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications. Inc. The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc. publisher of the independent florida alli40gator f( l ftiotnc'S f/ t' O)/)f?'fiiilJ. ifor th(' positioft Of Managiing Editor Sunmuer Semester Applications for th is paid position are available at the Alligator classified advertising desk in the lobby at 1105 W. University Ave. from 8 am -4 pm, Monday through Friday. Applications must be returned to the same desk prior to 4 pm, Monday, April 7. This is an absolute deadline. Interviews and selection by the Board o tDirectors will be held at a meeting open to the public, Sunday, April 13, beginning at 10:30 a.m. Applicants must be present at that time to be considered for the position. The meeting will be held at the Alligator offices at 1105 W. University Ave. Applicants must be degree-seeking college or university students. Te A lligalor is an Equal Opportuniit/Affirmaiive Action Employer 2, avigaior, wednesca 9p ,ium '2 mlin-i d~wnaA% il-%r I 8IOR 

PAGE 3

a ~ a diy april 2, 1986, 3 SAE member sentenced, fined for assault By MARGIE OISTER Miller needed stitches, and a state attorney claims he needs According to stories passed down from older members, Alligator Staff Writer additional surgery on his ear as a result of McCormack hitting mystery vandals once tried to tear the lion from its post by him in the face with a ceramic mug. chaining it to a pickup truck. The next morning, fraternity A former Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity brother was no McCormack was suspended from UF for two semesters brothers found the lion still standing, adorned with a chain and pussycat when it came to defending the stone lion guarding his beginning in January. He pleaded guilty to a charge of aggraan attached axle. house at 2 Fraternity Row. vated assault in February. The charge carries a maximum On another memorable occasion, a suspected rival fraternity Francis McCormack,20, was under the influence of alcohol penalty of five years in prison and a $5,000 fine. tried to blow up the lion with dynamite but instead blew the when he assaulted UF student Anthony M. Miller in November Fagan also ordered, as a condition of his sentence, that plate glass off the front windows of the SAE house. as Miller tried to vandalize the lion statue in front of the SAE McCormack not drink any alcohol. Under the sentence. Finally, rumor has it that Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity memfraternity house, records show. McCormack will also have to pay any additional medical bers once hacked up the old hollow concrete lion and buried Monday, Circuit Judge Osee R. Fagan setenced McCorexpenses Miller incurs because of his injury, Fagan ruled. the pieces in Paynes Prarie. mack to five years probation, 250 hours of community service SAE legend has it that the lion statue has endured more than Since then, vandals have not succeeded in dethroning the and ordered him to pay Miller $5,724.80 for his medical its fair share of attacks in the past, fraternity member Bob new steel-framed king of the jungle, but they have managed to expenses. Parajon said Tuesday. paint it different color about once a week, Parajon said. Plaza forum postponed Views on proposed paving to be aired next week By JOHN A. NAGY Alligator Staff Writer A public forum scheduled for Thursday morning to discuss plans for paving part of the Plaza of the Americas was canceled Tuesday afternoon and will be held next week. UF Administrative Affairs Vice President William Elmore said the meeting was postponed because of students' concern on the paving issue. "Since there was so much discussion and concern about this, we ought to have a stuctured meeting," Elmore said. Richard Cremer, director of UF's Physical Plant, said the decision was made to postpone the Thursday meeting because there was no opportunity in the original forum for the people to voice their opinions about the project. "My presentation was going to be kind of straightforward," Cremer said. "There was going to be no format." The multi-thousand dollar paving plan calls for a raised platform for speakers in the middle of the plaza. Two 8-foot-wide walkways would lead to it from the entrance of Library West on one side and Union Road on the other. About 17,000 square feet of the plaza would be paved over. "If it was up to me, I'dlike to have the concrete in the ground right now Richard Cremer, director of UF's Physical Plant Students who use the plaza for everything fro bathing to yoga learned of the proposal just 1 spring break and asked UF administrators to sti work. Although no time has been set yet for the me Cremer said it could be early next week. John Carlson, UF planning director, said Tues didn't know anything about the meeting since th ject wasn't reviewed by his department. "Usually landscaping projects don't go th planning," Carlson said. "This is kind of a gra) though. What started as a project to put in side has evolved into putting in a speakers' platform Carlson said anything other than putting in walks must be reviewed by the Campus and Pla Assembly. "They're developing a functional facility," he Cremer said, however, the paving plan at the was a landscaping project and "landscaping ha tionally been under the purview of Physical Pla "If it was up to me," Cremer said, "I'd like t the concrete in the ground right now." UPD chief search down to four By JOHN A. NAGY Alligator Staff Writer A UF search committee has recommended a UF police captain and three police chiefs from other universities as possible successors to retired UF Police Chief Audi Shiler. Indiana University Police Chief James Kennedy, Bowling Green State University' Police Chief William Bess, University of Maryland Police Chief Eugene Sides and UF Police Capt. Everett Stevens were chosen from among 61 applicants for the $45,000-ayear job. The nine-rniember search committee took a month to sort through the applications and make its recommendation to Gerald Schaeffer, associate vice president for administrative affairs. Kennedy has beenI lidiana University police chief since 1977 and an assouiat' professor there since 1971. Kennedy is an iati io also. m sun before op the eting, day he e prorough y area, walks sidenning said. plaza s tradnt." o have Bess has been police chief at Bowling Green and has spent several years as a police officer at Kent State University. Sides has been police chief at the University of Maryland since 1976 and spent seven years Boy steps in front of car, pronounced dead at scene as a police officer in Delaware. Stevens, who has been with the UF police By DEBBIE SALAMONE Then the boy stepped into the path of Mills' i pace c ine 1968, is serving as UFs inteAlligator Staff Writer vehicle and was struck, witnesses and troopers Kennedy, Sides and Stevens said they have said. not been contacted yet by UF about th,; comA 12-year-old Gainesville boy died TuesFHP listed Jackson's address as tne state mittee's recommendations. Bess could not be day on State Road 235 when he stepped in Department of Health and Rehabilitative Serreached. front of a moving vehicle and was struck, Florvices youth-families office. Sides was not only surprised to know he was da Highway Patrol reported. Laura Taylor, human services program recommended but startled when he learned Nathan Jackson of 1000 NE 16th Ave. was administrator, said Jackson was a client but Bess was recommended too. pronounced dead at the scene about 9:30 a.m., declined to comment further, citing Florida "Bill Bess and I went through the same FBI troopers said. Statute Chapter 29, whick protects a client's training program together in 1983," Sides Violet Mills, 25, of 1005 SW Sixth St. in confidentiality. said. Lake Butler, was traveling south on SR 235 or Taylor said the office provides a service to In past searches for e officials, those who Brooker Road, when she noticed a pedestrian children and families with a history of abuse have been recommended were called in for standing on the side of the road, the report and neglect or those involved with cases of interviews. The search committee then makes sad.dpnecorelqucy a recommendation to UF President Marshall said. dependency or delnquency. Criser. Criser can accept that recommendaThe boy looked at the approaching vehicle HRS also sponsors several residential protion and appoint the person or reject the when Mills honked her horn as she neared, grams for its clients. recommendation. troopers said. FHP tiled no charges against Mills. Boomeranging buddies Joel Cannon, left and George Dietz, right, who are third-year material engineering majors and Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity members, fight to catch a boomerang thrown by Cannon. Cannon calls the boomerang the "thinking man's Frisbee." "That's what it said on the wrapper," he said. 

PAGE 4

4, alligator, wednesday april 2, 1986 uk N APPRENTICESHIPS Minority high school juniorsand seniors interested in science research can apply for a specialasummer apprenticeship program offered at UF. The program is being offered through the UF Division of Student Support and Special Programs. Twelve students will be selected to participate in the eight-week program, which begins June 16 and runs through August 8. For more information contact G.W. Mingo, program director in the Liberal Arts and Sciences Department, 452 Little Hall; 392-2281. N TIGHTENED SEAT BELTS If the Alachua County Commission had its way, all persons in the front seat of a moving car would have to wear their seatbelts. The commission Tuesday authorized Chairwoman Jane Walker to sign a letter to the county's state legislators supporting a bill that calls for tougher restrictions on existing seat belt laws. Commissioners this year want the state Legislature to pass a bill requiring the driver and passengers in the front seat of a vehicle to wear seat belts and for all young children, regardless of their relation to the driver, to wear seat belts as well. 0 MURDER OVER CAP TAMPA -A 1 3-year-old boy was in custody at a juvenile detention center on first-degree murder charges Tuesday as police investigated the shooting, apparently a result of an argument over a baseball cap. The youth, not identified because of age, is accused of shooting Amos Gilbert Mount, 18, in the chest twice Sunday night. Police spokesman Johnny Barker said the dispute began when another youth snatched the corduroy cap with the name "Gucci" on it from the juvenile's head and Mob costly for Americans. WASHINGTON -The President's Commission on Organized Crime wound up 2%2 years of work Tuesday with a final report warning that the mob has grown into a $106.2 billionunderworld industry costing millions in lost jobs and taxes. One study for the commission said while the bulk of organized crime income comes from drugs, illegal gambling, loan sharking and prost itution. the Mafia has made inroads into virtually every major legitimate U.S. industry. The commission also charges some U.S. lawyers work for the Mob. The panel called for more wiretaps to root out those operating unethically. "Although few in number, they do exist," the report said of attorneys it termed "lawyercriminals." Other attorneys, it charged, are reluctant to report such illegal conduct, but the charges are "not meant to attack the criminal defense bar." Ferreting out lawyers who knowingly commit perjury, obstruct justice and aid and abet criminal acts, "is possible only through use of wiretaps or surveillance or from information supplied by colleagues, friends or others," the report said. It presented five case studies of "lawyercriminals" who actively worked with organized crime, providing "favors," supplying inside information and otherwise interceding, then sold it to Mount for $3. HIGH LIVING IN KEYS TALLAHASSEE-The Florida Keys once again has been rated the most expensive area in the state in which to live, and the Panhandle is the cheapest. The annual cost of living survey by the Governor's Office of Planning and Budget shows for the second straight year that Monroe County in the Keys is the most expensive, Holmes County in the Panhandle is the cheapest. The state survey measures 121 individual items divided into categories of housing, food, apparel, transportation and health, recreation and personal services. E UNION CARBIDE FINED WASHINGTON-Union Carbide was slapped with a $1.3 million fine Tuesday for 221 "because they have been compromised, blackmailed or intimidated." The commission recommended tighter methods of self-policing within the legal society and that fees paid to attorneys by criminal defendants be subject to forfeiture. The commission's final 250-page report, "The Impact: Organized Crime Today," detailed the full scope of organized crime, and claimed it will cost the United States 414,000 jobs, lost tax revenues of $6.5 billion, and every American $77.20. Criminal industries in the nation were worth as much as $106.2 billion, according to the study done by Wharton Econometric Forecasting Associates for the commission. The study said besides drugs, illegal gambling and loan sharking, prostitution was one of the largest sources of income for organized crime and estimated that alone was worth $11.5 billion in 1982. It also said manufacturing and mine industries were the only ones not heavily infiltrated by the Mob. Nine of the 18 commissioners issued a critical statement charging the commission's history "is a saga of missed opportunity." It criticized the commission for poor management of time, money and staff and said it ignored many areas including the roles of American black and Jewish organizations in organized crime. safety violations at a West Virginia chemical plant, the biggest penalty in the 15-year history of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. The proposed penalty was announced by Labor Secretary William Brock, who has been trying to improve the job safety agency's image. OSHA has been accused by labor unions of being more sympathetic to corporations than workers since President Reagan took office. The record fine followe a "wall-to-wall" OSHA inspection of Union Carbide's plant at Institute, W.Va. 0 JOKE'S ON YOU SAN ANTONIO-Zoo officials Tuesday played a prank of their own on.those annual April Fool's Day callers who ask for Miss Lion and Mr. Fox. The annual spate of telephone calls were automatically routed through call forwarding from the San Antonio Zoo to Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. There, phone bank volunteers are asking for contributions to the zoo. Carvel said the callers will be asked to seek out the prankster and ask him to donate a few dollars, too. More than $1,000 was raised within the first three hours. NUSSR'S BAD RAP LOS ANGELES -Soviet schoolgirl Katerina Lycheva says the United States has shown her an image of Russians, created by movies like "Rocky IV", so horrible even she was scared of the Soviet characters. "Soviet people have friendly, open faces, and what they showed in the movie wassomething quitedifferent.I was even frightened ...I hadn't realized a distortion like that was possible," she said. Katya told of her visit to a Houston elementary school. "A little boy came up and said he used to think the Soviet Union was something horrible. Then the other day my mommy and I turned the television on at the hotel, and a film was showing, "Rocky IV", and then, having seen that movie, I understand why the little boy thought what he did," she said. A.UINO CLEANS HOUSE MANILA, Philippines-President Corazon Aquino Tuesday dismissed 39 generals and colonels in her first major move to appease younger military officers who helped topple the Ferdinand Marcos regime. Aquino, however, extended the terms of eight generals and three colonels who assumed what Armed Forces Chief Gen. Fidel Ramos described as "sensitive" positions after the Feb. 22-25 civilianbacked military revolt. The retirement of Marcos-era generals had been a repeated demand by Washington during the final years of the 20-year Marcos regime as part of a program to reform the 250,000-strong military to combat the growing communist insurgency. 0 TEACHERS MISSING BEIRUT, Lebanon-Two British professors at the American University of Beirut were missing and feared kidnapped in Moslem West Beirut, friends and colleagues said Tuesday. Leigh Douglas, 34, a political science professor, and Philip Hatfield, 35, director of the university's language school, were last seen Friday night at a night club in West Beirut. Both men missed appointments over the weekend but they were not officially reported missing until Tuesday, when Douglas failed to arrive at work, colleagues said. Subsequent search turned up no trace of the men. Thispage compiledbySarahDuran from UPl and staff reports. Buy1, Get I .M M ,, .DIG ISRAEL "4FREE"9 Purchase the first tanning session and get the second absolutely FREE. se C64ilie. 1-400-225-4775 371-6655 (new ustomersonly) AZYF ISRAEL PROGRAM CENTER 4/2 Butler Plaza enp 4/16/86 -m mm m mm mm mm mmmmm All You Can Eat Spaghetti Meat Sauce Garlic Bread $3.50 5 rto 10 ruM [very Wodniesdcy e 1f02W Un 31702 W Univ 374-4242 B. A. C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C 8.A C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C.B.A.C.C." THE BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION .COLLEGE COUNCIL would like to CONGRATULATE the following: u TEACHER AWARDS STUDENT AWARDS cd Teacher of the Year Oustanding Student U DR. ANDREW McCOLLOUGH ELIZABETH MERCKEL U Oustanding Student Scholar Department Teacher LAURA A. HALLING BACC Service Award U JILL WATKINS Marketing -DR. MAGGIE SMITH DORNAN Oustanding Minority Student P so ANGLIA EVANS w 0 Finance -TERRY C. TAPLEY Outstanding Minority Scholar LILYAN V. LEVY 0 Management -DR. JOHN H. JAMES Delta Sigma Pi Scholarship Key 00 LAURA A. HALLING Economic -DR. DAVID DENSLOW Wall Street JournalA ward LORI STRASBERG Funded by Student Government Phi Kappa Phi Outstanding Student w DAVID KANSTOROOM B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.CC. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C B.A.C.C. B.A.C.C. JBWAL AVOL."A"Z7 q I 

PAGE 5

Suit claims Pepsi used dirty bottles By MVAKGIE BOLSTER Alligator Staff Writer A bottle of contaminated Pepsi sent a local preacher to the hospital with food poisoning two years ago, the man claims in a lawsuit recently filed against Pepsi Cola Bottling Corporation of Gainesville. Aaron Young, a preacher at Williams Temple Church of God and Christ, is asking for more than C.t000 in damages in his lawsuit and alleges Pepsi bottlers were negligent in cleaning the recycled bottle he drank from. Young, 32, of 730 NW 3rd St., claims he became "violently ill" after drinking a bottle of Pepsi on May 23, 1984. Edward Gemind, general manager of Pepsi Cola of Gainesvillesaid he had not heard about Young's lawsuit yet, but had handled a few other similar cases in Gainesville in the past. The Gainesville Pepsi distributing company supplies the area with about 3 million cases of Pepsi a year, each containing 24 bottles, Gemind said. "One in three million is a nrettv Poodl track record," Gemind said, referring to the small number of contamination cases he handles each year. "But we certainly don't want to alienate any customers." The Pepsi bottling company that supplies Gainesville is located in Jackson%ille, he said. Young's court file alleges that Pepsi did not exercise due care in cleaning recycled bottles and failed to inspect the bottle properly prior to and after filling it. The record also shows that Young suffered injuries that may be permanent and suffered from aggrasation of a pre-existIng ailment. Young claims he also lost time from work because of his illness. Young's attorney. Craig Hall, said he sent the bottle out to be analyzed by Pepsi and by UF Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences experts. The experts determined the contamination resulted from improper bottle cleaning. Hall said. Hall also said he had heard of about 1.000 similar cases around the country. Gemind said he had no idea how many similar cases existed around the country. By DEBBIE SALAMONE Alligator Staff Writer The Alachua County Sheriff's Office terminated its contract with a Gainesville towing company Monday when officials discovered the company possessed no liability insurance. Sheriff's spokesman Spencer Mann said the sheriffs office notified Gainesville Towing and Recovery president Floyd Pridgeon in a letter that he did not honor his part of the oneyear contract between his company and the sheriffs department. The contract stipulates that liability insurance is mandatory. "We thought we were dealing in good faith," Mann said. "This kind of thing goes on from time to time. It put us in a particularly tight spot." Mann said sheriffs officials became suspicious of the company when a purchasing agent read in a newspaper that Pridgeon had violated probation, and after local media received calls from an anonymous informant. Mann said he had not investigated Pridgeon's criminal record and could not say whether the claim was true. However, the towing contract contained no stipulations regarding criminal records. Mann said any such requirements may result in potential discrimination suits and said if the person could do the job, the sheriffs office "would not hold that (criminal violations) against him." Mann said Pridgeon gave sheriffs officials papers he received from an insurance company, but officials were unaware that Pridgeon had not paid for the coverage, and that the policy was invalid. Gainesville Towing and Recovery is not listed in Gainesville's telephone or city directories. However, Mann said Pridgeon's license to run his business is registered with Gainesville's Occupational Licenses Bureau. The department now will implement a rotation wrecker service, utilizing several companies until sheriffs officials decide whether to take bids and award the contract to another company. Gainesville Towing and Recovery has provided wrecker service for the department since Oct. 1. The department pays for towing service on a piecemeal basis. Mann said it may cost about $18 to tow a motorcycle or $28 or more to tow and store an autcriobile impounded for evidence. Radio station gets interest Listeners tune in to sound of ocean waves By JOANNE WORTHINGTON Alligator Writer While UF junior Scott Brewer was fumbling with the dial on his radio, he stopped on a station and became confused. Instead of tuning in music or news, he heard nothing but the sound of the ocean. Brewer is one of many who have run across the unusual sounds of WKTK 98.5 FM, a new radio station serving Gainesville, Crystal River and Ocala. The station will broadcast the sound of waves for the next two days, before it resumes its usual format. The recording, which is actually a Japanese compact disc demonstration record, is being used as a "test signal" while WKTK employees make final adjustments and test the station's new equipment, General Manager Gary Granger said. After the two days, the station's format will consist of music from the 1960s to the 80s. Employees at the station say the sounds of the ocean have been getting a lot of attention, especially from those interested in romance. the sounds come in late at night. "They're really getting into it," Allen said. "We've gotten a tremendous amount of calls from Gainesville -people having parties and also people who say they are doing unmentionable things to the (sounds of the) waves." Granger said he has gotten responses from as far as the Florida-Georgia border and St. Petersburg. "Many people call in saying they sleep to it," Granger said. "And managers call. saying their customers listen to the waves in their restaurants." Construction for WKTK's 1,350-foot tower began in mid-December and was completed Sunday. The tower is located in Williston, and the radio station's studios are in Crystal River and Gainesville. Lou Patrick, program director for WYKS-FM, or Kiss 105, said that using the sounds of the sea is not a new idea. He said he remembered aradio station in Chicago that played crashing surf noises for two days. "I listened to the waves for about five seconds and almost fell asleep," Patrick said. "Any radio station besides mine that WKTK Program.Director Nick Allen puts people asleep is OK by me," he said the "weirder calls" responding to joked. Jaws of death MichaelOrider tries on hiscostume forthe Hippodrome's upcoming play,"The Little Shop of Horrors." He plays a man-eating plant in the play, which opens Friday, April 4, and is scheduled to run through April 27. Law student escapes knife-wielding attacker By DEBBIE SALAMONE Alligator Staff Writer A UF law student'narrowly escaped from an armed assailant Monday night when she screamed as the man tried to force her into his car at knifepoint, police said. The 25-year-old woman was using a telephone booth in a dark area on 1400 SW 10th Terrace at about 10:30 p.m., police said. She told police a man approached her from behind, pointed a knife at her right temple and pulled her from the phone. Police said the victim begged the man not to harm her and offered to take him to her nearby apartment so she could give him money. She said the man did not want her money. Instead, he wanted her to get into his car, she said. The victim said that as the assailant began pulling her toward the vehicle near P.K.Yonge Laboratory School, she fell down and began screaming. The victim said the assailant again placed a knife near her temple and threatened to stab her if she did not stop screaming. When the victim continued screaming the attacker ran away, jumped over a fence around the school and disappeared in the woods on the north side of the school, police said. The victim then called police and gave them a description of her attacker. Police searched the area but did not find the suspect. No arrests were made, and an investigation is continuing. The victim said the man stole her brown clutch purse, which contained about $40 cash. Towingcontract severed Firm 'dishonored' contract *IHaptaI SW 11th Ave.(i 1sw12thA attacked 33 here CORINNE VAN DALEN 

PAGE 6

6. attinator. wednesday anrit 2. 1986 Clean it all up Florida university system policy-makers voted last week to spend $2 million to clean up any groundwater contamination found at UF's 29 agricultural sites. Though it is commendable that UF's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences administrators now have implemented safe procedures for disposing of left-over pesticides, it's inexcusable that some of the unsafe practices documented by the state Department of Environmental Regulation ever occurred. The practices included rinsing out pesticide tanks, polluting the soil with pesticide runoff in the process. and burying empty pesticide containers. IFAS employees were doing these things as recently as two years ago. Part of the $2 million cleanup plan is slated for educational programs on waste disposal. We hope IFAS administrators take the classes along \kith the employees who work directly with the pesticides. Also, it should not hase taken the months it did for UF lawyers to reach the $2 million settlement with the DER. Tests w ere needed immediately. Instead, there w as delay. The answer was simple: If pesticide was spilled, it needs to be cleaned up. If UF did the spilling, UF should do the paying. But there is another IFAS program receiving DER scrutiny, which is even more alarming because it points to perhaps an overall disregard for environmental safety. The program began two years ago when IFAS built partially underground tanks that allow sunlight to hit pesticide wastes spread on the tanks' floors, decomposing the wastes into harmless compounds. IFAS based their project on a University of Iowa study, but because Florida's water table is so much higher than Iowa's, DER specialists say the project could contaminate Florida's drinking water. After IFAS built the two tanks, the DER warned them of the perceived problem. IFAS built another of the $10,000 tanks anyway. Now, DER officials say they may force IFAS to shut down all three tanks indefinitely. A$30,000 loss to IFAS is a greater loss to Floridians. IFAS has answered the proverbial question: What price clean water? At IFAS, it's more than $2 million. We think the price is too high to calculate. Legislators must review the plan since IFAS would pay only $100,000 and the state the rest if the $2 million cleanup is approved. Besides reviewing the plan, we urge them to begin a fullscale inquiry into waste disposal at IFAS agricultural research stations. An ounce of prevention, as they say, is worth $2 million-plus of cure. Phones -F Tuition fight -A The lastest chapter in the SG phone saga is disgusting, to say the least. After three years, "SG administrators" finally got free on-campus phones installed last December and January. But less than three months later half of them have been vandalized. Now, we don't think SG types vandalized the phones themselves, but reports first started coming in around SG election time. We are not, repeat, not pointing fingers, but a legitimate question must be asked. If these free phones, the ones students paid and waited for, were not painted the colors of a student political party, would they have been as likely targets of vandalism? We think not. Chastisement aside, SG leaders deserve kudos for spending spring break time in Tallahassee, lobbying against proposed tuition hikes. They didn't stop the hike, but they did make their presence known. We urge them to work twice as hard come next week at the legislative session. alligator SALLIE ltUGHES Alaneling ditor MARK SOUTHGAT I BONNEs GAZEor BONNIE GLAZER Letters Policy Naime% A, 1 bv I -I, jr-tw %I towIut j i(.,jw If Vathave inonsc mac1 opw ,nsedf at 76 445PM5EMM~f@iggggg 0 0 opinijons FuWE METHODS oF ANIMAL RESEARCH E OMM.LET'S 5 ILKATO' EE WIP H~rEN5. 0 People making progress in Nicaragua In December I spent two weeks in Nicaragua. I spent one ;ME'W'| week living with a Nicaraguan family whose house has been ~ burnt down by the contras (Reagan's Freedom Fighters) in against the tide 1983. This family was forced to flee with only the clothes they wore. They lost their livestock, their money, their farm. Nine other houses were burnt in their tiny village, and three people were killed in the attack. None were in the military. wespkiledtonotherattape op ew rhadfle the ilho fter t guans to decide. And contrary to popular belief, the majority I spoke to other people who had fled their homes a fer the of Nicaraguans live in Nicaragua, not Florida. By the way, the Among the bodies, there were eight women and 17 child economy is presently 65 percent private ownership and 35 The bodies showed signs of torture, skin on the faces and legs percent public. had been peeled away as a warning to others who dared to Reagan islying tous aboutCentral America,andNicaragua organize to improve their lives. One woman, Juana Vasquez, in particular, to further his own black and white vision of the told me: "We were organized, and we were trying to make world lockedin an East-Weststruggle betweengood andevil. food available to the poor. That is the only reason they perseBut if you have doubts about Nicaragua, I hope you can find cuted us. The contra cannot stand for organization. They want the time and wherewit haletovistetat country. 'lens of thouto make the people suffer in hopes that they will blame their sands of U.S. citizens have, there are lots of people here in suffering on the government." Juana and her husband Felipe Gainesville who have spent time there studying, working, were organizing a cooperative to raise pigs. lending technical expertise or just touring. It's a beautiful I learned that the contras target healthworkers, teachers, country, and the people are very friendly to U.S. citizens, unionists, churchworkers and even priests. despite our governments actions against them. Nicaraguans have a good historical sense. They know, from U u U the results of a U.S. Congressional investigation, that 42 to46 Friday before break I was late to physics again, riding across top contra commanders are former National Guardsmen who the Plaza of the Americas, when I saw a knot of plaza regulars served under the hated dictator Somoza. They know that the gathered around Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen chief contra military commander, Enrique Bermudez, was and a big blueprint of the proposed "paving" plan. Smelling Somoza's military attache to Washington. Nicaraguans, above another skirmish in the endless UF war on greenspace, I all else, do not want to return to the past. Since the revolution approached and was immediately handed'a petition by an in 1979 they have increased consumption of basic foods by an astute student. I checked the scene, discovering that the plan incredible 30 percent, they have built 1,200 new schools (not iricluded a permanent evangelist platform from which firebad for a population the size of Boston's), made health care and-brimstone preachers might shower their uninvited wrath free or extremely cheap, decreased illiteracy drastically and down on the heads of an unsuspecting luncheon crowd, not to cut in half the infant mortality rate. They have done all this, mention the general replacement of green living things with moreover, with a virtually empty treasury (it was plundered dead unaccommodating cement. I signed with relish. Joni by Somoza) and in the middle of a war in which 11,000 Mitchell warned us: "Don't it always seem to go that you don't Nicaraguans have been killed, know what you've got til it's gone." Well, we very nearly lost People in Nicaragua are proud of their revolution, because what is virtually the last expanse of friendly, habitable green it is, above all else, Nicaraguan. Sandino, the turn-of-theon campus. The eternal vigilance of those responsible for the century hero who gives his name to the Sandinistas, was a impromptu protest and petition drive is to be commended. I nationalist who fought U.S. domination. Nicaraguans are not hope that the open forum on the Plaza at 10:00 Thursday about to sell out their revolution to other foreign domination, morning is well attended. not U.S., not Cuban, not Soviet and not Martian. As for their Jenny Brown is a philosphy major whose column appears internal economic structure, that is for the majority of Nicarabiweekly. Plaza paving plan needs student input Editor: Let's talk about the Plaza of the Americas -your plaza. If you are a typical student, you enjoy on those nice, warm, balmy days sunworshiping in the Florida tradition; or perhaps, you just enjoy sitting down and relaxing from time to time -repose from the hectic race of rats. Well, over spring break we just about lost the central area of the Plaza to the concrete monster. I thank The Alligator for printing Michael Podolsky's story about this situation, but some further clarifications need to be made, and statements by At Alsobrook, vice president of University Relations, need comment. First, if "dirt brought in from people walking on the dirt paths ..to Library West" is a problem, pave, if necessary, the dirt paths, don't pave huge walks over green grass that is obviously untraveled, crisscrossing every imaginable direction, forming a veritable Tic-TacToe board with the center filled in With respect to Mr. Alsobrook's second point, noisy speakers -give me a break! Building this huge central podium will invite the hellfire-and-brimstone preachers. Future (legitimate) speakers can set up the temporary podium in the central plaza area. Assuming we are now in agreement about the folly of this plan, let it be resolved that no construction of the plaza area should be contemplated in the future without consultation of Student Government. This proposition seems so simple, the plaza belongs to the students, but somehow I doubt administration sees it that way. There is going to be an open forum to hear student, faculty and administration concerns. Look in the days to come for the announced date (of the forum) and let your voice be heard! Lee Foam LS Alligator blundered in not promoting band Editor: Considering the debate long featured in TheAlligator about Gainesville's lack of a student run radio station and all of the great music we're missing out on due to this embarrassing state of affairs, I found it quite contradictory that The Alligator had no write-up before or after the performance at America of the Atlanta-based band Arms Akimbo. I was just lucky to be there on March 15 to see the band's two sets. Having heard nothing of the band before, I was totally unprepared for the excellence of Arms Akimbo's performance. Arms Akimbo has an album out by the same name. Of course, I'll never hear any of those songs played on local Top 40 "Rock" stations, but I wish that such talented bands would not go unheralded by the very publication which espouses such concern for the lack of a progressive music forum here in Gainesville. Julie A. Own 0 I 

PAGE 7

alliaor, wednesday april 2. 1986, 7 CAPITAL WRAP-UP Justices appeal for more judges TALLAHASSEE (UPI) -Despite streamline procedures and judicial automation, Florida needs five new appeal judges and 24 new trial court judges by Aug. 1 to keep up with burgeoning caseloads, Florida's Supreme Court justices said Tuesday. Alachua County, the justices say, is one of five counties needing an extra county judge. Pinellas County needs two, they said. Without the extra hands, Florida's district courts of appeals will continue to handle more cases than the 250 per judge outlined in state judicial guidelines. The quality of justice will suffer, the justices said. In certifying the need to the Legislature, the justices noted mounting caseloads and increased demands .placed on the courts by the lawmakers. Trial courts include the state's 20 circuit courts and 67 county courts. The justices sought an additional county judge for Marion, Alachua, Dade, Palm Beach and Brevard counties and two additional judges for Pinellas County. They sought 17 new circuit judges. In a minority report joined by justices Rosemary Barkett and Raymond Ehrlich, Justice James Adkins noted the court has yet to come up with an accurate method of determining how many trial judges it needs. He suggested hiring a circuit judge for every 27,000 citizens and a county judge for every 50,000 citizens. Such a system would make it easier to "pool"judges, so trial judges can be shifted more efficiently to where they are needed, reducing the overall demand for judges. County court judges who have been Florida Bar members for more than five years may be appointed to haar cases in circuit court. Adkins said it would be easier to pool county judges if the Legislature paid qualified county judges the same salaries it pays circuit judges. Last year the court asked lawmakers for 20 new judges and THIS SUMMER KELLY TOWARD TWO GOALS: AND ATM. With Kelly Services you can make the most of summer. And still make money for school. You'll earn tuition while you choose your own assignments: office clerical, marketing or light industrial work. You can take as many assignments as you like, or hold them to a minimum. So you can still spend entire days basking in the sun. Wxrk is almost always available, too. So Kelly is not only ideal for vacations, it's a smart way to spend breaks year round. And there's an extra benefit. Kelly provides temporary help to 98% of the Fortune 500 firms. So the assignment you take today can help you meet people who could play a big part in your future. Join the 70,000 other students who work with Kelly Services every year. Just register at one of over 500 Kelly offices nationwide. There's one near your home or school. And it doesn't cost a thing to register.Think The about it. It's a terrific way to earnGM tuition this suminer-and still go I L L J back to school with a tan. S E R V I C E S received 13. Circuit and county court administrators have told the court they need 35 new judges this year. Keys oil drilling plan blasted The Florida Public Interest Research Group Tuesday called the federal Department of the Interior's plan to allow oil leasing near the Florida Keys ahead of schedule an "April Fool'sjoke" that could endanger the environmentally sensitive area. The student-funded environmental group also criticized DOI's proposal to expand oil lease offering to within three miles of the Keys beginning next year. Gov. Bob Graham in 1984 asked that all Florida Gulf waters south of latitude 26 degrees North -that is, south of Naples -be excluded from federal lease offerings. Congress instead adopted a mandate requiring DOI to study the Keys-Naples area before considering any drilling. FPIRG spokeswoman Ann Whitfield said DOI had met the letter but not the spirit of that mandate by gathering data but making no attempt to analyze it. "Until you understand the environmental data, you don't know what risks you are taking," Whitfield said. "There is very good indication it's a big risk." Whitfield said the DOI had begun processing applications for oil leases in the Keys-Naples area Tuesday. That area runs from 25-50 miles north of the Keys and the Dry Tortugas. It includes coral outcroppings and 75 percent of Florida's mangroves, which form a highly productive breeding ground for shrimp and other sea life. "We thought we had won a guarantee that DOI would wait until the needed data was collected, analyzed and publicly available for informed decision making," Whitfield said. "It looks like the joke is on us." Gov. Graham objected to the DOI action in a Feb. 28 letter to House Subcommittee on Interior and Related Agencies chairman Rep. Sid Yates, D-1ll. Graham asked Yates to clarify llUrON We hve botreres for heaoy duty equip mnt, fore tractor, laon mowers beets and alocrs Come see us today MU FR ACTUAL" fC soon4Ww L IMSdS !ft Ave. 315-1616 as' intention in the mandate. use the environmental data is not yet completely anaid available for decision making, (processing the appliis inappropriate," Graham wrote. "Data collection es not provide the necessary information for environimpact assessment." field also objected to a DOI-proposed offshore oil program for 1987-1991. That proposal suggests openderal waters off the Everglades and the Keys, including 10.3 miles off the west coast and three miles off the rst coast. ew proposal would also eliminate a 30-mile no-lease ne along Florida's Gulf coast championed by Graham RG. .utun: Pajcic, Johnssoft on crime rnatorial candidate Barry Kutun Tuesday stepped up k on Democratic frontrunner Steve Pajcic, urging 23 'lorida sheriffs to drop their endorsements of Pajcic he has "taken an evasive stand on the death penalty." n cited three bills sponsored by Pajcic while he was a ville representative. One bill would have created a life parole sentence as an alternative to the death penalty, Pnd would have required a unanimous jury vote before g the death penalty, and the third would have prohijudge from overriding a jury vote of life imprisonment ose death. c has said he would sign death warrants if elected >r, even though he opposes the death penalty. Pajcic gn spokesman Colin Leitch said that position did not ajcic was soft on crime. an also took a swipe at Senate President Harry Johnthe letter, charging Johnston had "discovered crime is since beginning his gubernatorial campaign. Also in 'for the Democratic nomination is Sen. Frank Mann, Myers. SE IKO WATCHES 3Ot OFF Cboose tromor I SeringeSile setecion or order Jewelr $3 per gram from the catalogue. -DOWNTOWN6 SW 1st Ave. 378-6654 --mmmmmmmmmmg Glasses 3 800complete ISelected fashion frames and clear SV CR 39 lenses I Custom Eye Care I 338-0200 3312 W. University Ave. exp. 5/31/86 Sm m m all W m m o=m 2O0/d" All Alterations Same Day Service Across from Campus NINA'S 1636 W. Univ. 375-6462 coupon must be presented when dropping off garments B T4/3Y I NEW BATTERY SALE -I %. An equa opportunity emplOYer 01985 Kelly Senvike, Inc 

PAGE 8

8. alligator, wednesday april 2, 1986 Bill aims to stop balcony falls By TIM DOHERTY Alligator Writer State hotel and motel owners are hoping to curb the number of spring break-related deaths and injuries with a bill to be introduced during the upcoming legislative session. Richard Moores, president of the Daytona Beach Hotel and Motel Association, said Sen. Edgar Dunn, D-Ormond Beach, is sponsoring legislation that would give hotel personnel powers similar to those shopkeepers now have in dealing with shoplifters. "I'm certain this legislation will savenlives," Moores said. Under the present Florida innkeeper statute, a crime must be witnessed by a police officer before an arrest can be made or before someone may be detained. The bill would waive the "on-view'' requirement and allow hotel security guards to restrain violators on their own until. police arrive. "We're hoping to deter the people who think climbing over the railings is some sort of game," Moores said. "Having fun is one thing. People falling to their deaths is something else." So far during this break, seven students have died in Florida. Five have died in falls and seven more have been injured. Two fell from a Fort Lauderdale balcony, and another died in a fall from a balcony in Sanibel, a city on the Gulf coast. A fifth student fell to his death from a 40-foot drawbridge in Miami. The proposed legislation is the latest effort to control the thousands of students who swarm to the traditionaldspring break meccas of Daytona Beach, Fort Lauderdale and other coastal cities. Police are calling this the "calmest spring break in years" because of the tighter guidelines laid down by city leaders and hotel owners, and the eagerness of law officials to enforce them. "It's been real busy, but this is the least number of serious injuries and deaths we've had in a long time," said Capt. Ed White, commander of Fort Lauderdale's beach operations force. "There are a lot of reasons for this, but a big one is the kids can see we are serious in enforcing the law. We want them to have a good time, but we are also concerned that the good times stay within our rules." Staying within the rules seems to be the name of the game in both Fort Lauderdale and Daytona Beach. White said although the number of people in Fort Lauderdale dececased thisespring, the number of those arrested nearly tripled. Last year,889 people were arrested. This year, with five days of spring break left, there have been 2,100 arrests. Daytona Beach showed a similar trend. During the period from March 23 to March 31, there were 1,396 arrests, compared to 412 arrests in the same period last year. .__._ meet tonight at 8:30 in the Hall of Fame Room in Yon Hall. Minority business: The Minority BusinessFSociety meets Commanicaition meets tonight at 7 for dinner at Valde7 and Friends, 4401 NW 25th Place. The executive counRonald Reagan need not apply: The College Democrats cil will meet at 8:30 p.m. will meet tonight at 7:30 in Reitt Union Room 337.a Cicerones: The Fliorida Cicerisnes wilt meet today at 4:30 Three athletes in one: The Gator Triathletes wilt meet p.m. in Reitz Unioin Room 346-347. The meeting is Mvmndayrs atrpm in iReitz Union Room 365. All intermandatory for members.estedfersoreu inte Spring registration: Hillel holds spring registration for Membership drive: Savant will hold a tapping reception classes, special events and PassTer Seders today from for spring I986 applicants and all members tonight at 7 pI a.m. tz p.m. at Hillel, 16 NW 18th St. in Reit Union Room 122. A tapping meeting will Sacred sport: The Fellowship of Christian Athletes will follow. People who love people give blood. at the bloodmobile Bloodmobile CI1 1"1 BloodmobilecoCall 377-6905 s for times and locations F CALTODAYFOr AFtWoft ut Creekside Mall Thomnebrook Village 3774955 374-4634 For Men and Women For women only -Li I SA\ANT Is Now Accepting Applications for Assistant Directors and Staff Positions for the Legislative Internship Program Applications Due Friday April 4th WE DELIVER-PRONTOI Lookir TOUR Fo, WACKY Eedy WEDNESDAY IThe gator Inflation Knock-OutSaleI GET A LARGE PIZZA FOR THE PRICE OF A SMALL cLrnmiteivrArea Drivers carry less than 20 Sunday-Tharsday Wednesday Only itOam-t:O am Not vaid with Friday & Saturday anyo t nspe it O00am-2O00am usyorensing trhis SWAra CampusL iiA 377-3337 378-8909 Limited Devery Area 

PAGE 9

ali'ator. wednesday april 2, 1986, 9 FREE MEDIUM Bone "medium" and get the 2nd "medium" FREE FRC)ZEN YCMURT SHOPPE NOW WIT H 2 LOCATIONS 3550-1 SW 34th St. 1245 W. Uni.Ave (Across from Puff-Puff) (Next to Leonardo's 7-788 Exp. Thur. 4/10/86 by theSie Student Government Productions and The Caribbean Students Association Present University of Florida Bondshell, Gainesville Free trip for 2 to Jamaica to be given away the day of the show (courtesy of University City Travel) Jamaican chicken will be available Spring break, VailI style By JOSHUA L WEINSTEIN Alligator Staff Writer VAIL, Col.-It's a familiar spring break scene-dozens of young people dancing in a packed bar. A couple of the people have broken legs, but they're dancing. Haif a country away from the Daytona BeachFort Lauderdale scene there's a different attitude toward spring break partying. "There's snow on the mountain-they really don't have bikini contests here," said Chuck Zingale, a 1985 Ohio University graduate who's now a bartender at Vail's Red Lion Inn. "It's not like everyone's going to drink and puke and kill themselves," he said, sipping a Corona Beer at Cyrano's, a bar across the street from the Red Lion. Zingale has been to Fort Lauderdale and Daytona Beach. He says Vail is more relaxed-"People here are more outgoing. It's the altitude ...I don't know," he said. Whatever it is, it's working well, Vail Mayor Paul Johnston said. This spring break is one of the busiest he remembers. "There's a kind of an inordinate combination this week with Easter being in March," he said. Even the crowd, Vail has escaped the sort of spring break problems going on out west in Palm Springs. The town's 45 police officers, who patrol the sevenmile-long town in blue-and-white Saab 900s, don't take any special precautions before the break and so far haven't had to, Johnston said. "We don't get busloads of fraternities here," he said, explaining that rooms are usually booked far in advance and that when they are available, they're usually expensive. A double room can cost $165 a night during the seasop. The price of that same room drops to $90 a night next Monday. Even though it's pretty quiet here, Johnston said, "it's a hard town for the police in that we expect them to be friendly hosts as well as law enforcement officers." Heart Answers Hypercholesterolemia Hypercholesterolemia is a condition in which too much cholesterol, a fatty wax-like substance, is circulatinn in =aI___________ An Owl Book from HENRY HOLT and COMPANY 55az Maze forContest Insimetions and Rules. People come here to ski, Johnston said. And ski they do, on more than 1,800 acres of trails. At the bottom of the slopes it's easy to tell the beginner from the experienced skier.The experienced people-the ones with established suntans on their faces and sun-bleached hair from the highly reflective snow-look exhilarated and self-satisfied. Like they've just conquered the mountain. They stroll away, carrying their skis triumphantly over their shoulders. The beginners are exhausted. Their drawn faces are sunburned except for spots around their eyes, where the goggles protected them. They stumble away from the slopes, struggling to keep the skis from dragging across the pavement. They tramp away from the mountain, their bulky ski boots clackety-clacking, toward their hotel's hot tub. The mountain has conquered them. After a day of skiing, it's off to the bars, said Helen Meister, an English major at Plymouth State College in New Hampshire. Meiser has been to Ft. Lauderdale twice and says she prefers Colorado-where some people are tanning in the 68 degree weather. "I think Colorado is a much better place," she said. "It's just more relaxed because you exercise all day and then you relax." The city has a hint of Florida to it. The buses that shuttle visitors from one part of the city to another at no charge give Vail a Disney World flavor. So do the streets, which are closed off to most traffic, and the small shops, which sell everything from $2,000 furs to Groucho Marx glasses. Named for Charlie Vail, a former Colorado Highway Superintendent, Vail is 8,150 feet above sea level and attracts spring visitors from all over the world. Zingale said he frequently checks foreign passports before serving drinks to people who look younger than 21. He throws back a shot of tequila and says he likes Vail better than Fort Lauderdale. "And I haven't seen a cockroach yet, either." the blood. Cholesterol is manufactured by the body, and comes from animal substances, such as meat, egg yolks and whole milk dairy products. When the amount of cholesterol becomes excessive, it is deposited on or in the lining of the arteries with other fatty substances. Over a period of years, the lining of the arteries becomes thicker and harder and the Chqnnel through which the blood flows is narrowed. When an artery which supplies the heart with oxygenated blood closes off, a heart attack results. WE'RE FIGHTING FOR YOUR LIFE An terican Heart Association Fast Free Delivery* PIZZA SALAD BEER & PIZZAMAN SO EXPRESS* Campus & OPEN FOR NE & NW SW Area 378-2415 LUNCH 378-2832 s: SUPER SUB SPECIAL 2 for only $3.15 regular value $6.30 no coupon necessary 2-6" Italian Subs expires 4/4/86 -F ------Everyone 1 a ap en Il w Maze is one puzzle book that's sure to appeal to just about everyone. Not just puzzle and mystery fanatics. Because we're offering a $10,000 prize to anyone who can solve it* And that's not all that makes Maze a rewarding experience. It also happens to be the most fascinating, delightful, infuriating book of its kind ever published. So, pick it up at your bookstore today. We can't promise you'll solve the riddle and win the money. Just that it'll be worth it either way. MAZE: SOLVE THE WORLD'S MOST CHALLENGING PUZZLE By Chistophier MansonlPaperbackISS95. BEER SPECIALS Gainesville ABC's only, Prices good thru Apr. 8 MICHELOB MILLER 24-12 oz botis. 12-12 oz botis. 11.79 5.29:room HEINEKEN KONIGSBACHER 6-12 oz botls. 6-12 oz botis. 7 room 449 room temp temp ABC Superlounge Specials Don't miss the Great Miniskirt Contest -Every Friday night at ABC on Newbeny Road across from Oaks Mall! w -M -I w k *See Maze for Contest Instructions and Rules. I IAn Owl Book frmm HENRY HOLT mnd COMPANY 11, 

PAGE 10

10, alligator, wednesday april 2, 198f ALMmm E0--% AMClu neghgent il Jeep suit FORT PIERCE (UPI) -A circuit court jury Tuesday found American Motors Corp. negligent in the design of the discontinued Jeep CJ-5 and awarded $19.5 million to a woman left paralyzed from an accident involving the vehicle. The jury of five women and one man deliberated about five hours and returned the verdict in favor of Elizabeth Walker, 30. Testimony revealed she was not wearing a seat belt Lake Lytal Jr., one of Walker's lawyers,said thecivil trial before St. Lucie County Circuit Judge Phillip Nourse began Jan. 14. "Obviously, we're quite happy," he said. "It's probably the largest (award ever in Florida) for a single injury." AMC, based in suburban Detroit, said it would appeal the case involving the controversial CJ-5 Jeep, which was recently discontinued. Walker has been paralyzed from the neck down since the May 4, 1984 accident. She had been riding in a Jeep driven by a friend, and was thrown from the vehicle when it overturned after colliding with a Toyota on U.S. I north of Fort Pierce. Doctors say Walker, who is confined to a nursing home, will never walk again. Lytal said jurors found that AMC made the Jeep with knowledge of its defects. A high center of gravity coupled with a narrow wheel base makes the vehicle prone to overturn, he said. "They made the decision that they (AMC officials) were negligent in designing the vehicle, negligent in failing to test it, negligent in failing to warn the public if used on the road, the vehicle rolls over too easily," Lytal said. Walker's lawyers had asked for $38.6 million in damages. The $19.5 million award was made up of $10 million punitive damages and $9.5 million in damages compensating Walker for medical expenses and the pain and mental anguish she has suffered, Lytal said. English as official language debated By DEDRA BROWN Professor Reynaldo Jimenez said the "motivated" to learn Englis Alligator Writer amendment is ill-conceived. "If they're going to be in t di romance language professors "There is no need for it," he said. States and wantrto enjoy the disagree on a proposal that would "No osne questions the value and they should learn to speak make English Florida's official langunecessity of learning English." I age said. age. The proposed amendment to the Jimenez also said the amendment is If the amendment, call state constitution will be reviewed by a political move to capitalize on the Joint Resolution 227, is not current trend of American patriot-pApril, it may be placed o the Legislature during the upcoming Apiiinyb lae r session, which begins April The amendment would mean that all signs, legal contracts, birth certificates and other official documents would be printed only in English. UF associate romance language However, Mary Ellen Page, a visiting lecturer in the Romance Languages and Literatures department. said the amendment would make those who speak other languages more h. he United freedom, English." ed House passed in n the November elections ballot. More than 100,000 of the 500,000 petition signatures needed to put the amendment on the ballot have been collected, said an aide to Rep. Grover C. Robinson III, D-Pensacola. pasta & subs 377-7400 3419 S.W. Archer Rd ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT I Buy 1 pie at Regular Price $339 N0 and get the N next pie for Pizza. PastaSoup.Salad. $1.99exp.6/2/86 Garlic Rolls, and Bread & Butter exp. 6/2/86 SRVANT Would Like to Invite All Members and Spring 86 Applicants to A Tapping Reception Wed. April 2 7:00 p.m. J.W.R.U. Rm 123 ANY LARGE SANDWICH AND A MEDIUM SOFT DRINK 34th St. Plaza Exp. 4/16/86 378-2028 W. University Ave. 373-4026 Not valid with any other S.W. .1.3th St. coupon o, 377-5637 special 0 U U I I I U I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I m~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 3 as. m menm m Mmm m m m manu m m e. i I L.s. 

PAGE 11

alligator vsdndotiiav april 2. 1986 11 More shuttle IIotoI.debris found CAPE CANAVERAL (UPI) -With improvSaing weather, the USS Preserver hauled up more wreckage from Challenger's crew cabin Tuesday and officials said they were confident key debris from the booster that doomed the shuttle will eventually be recovered. SBut Col. Edward O'Connor, orchestrating the salvage operation for NASA, said the actual area y4 Bwhere Challenger's right-side booster ruptured *. o : 0-11 probably was eaten away by the deadly tongue of flame that destroyed the shuttle Jan. 28. "The method that this (rocket) case failed is going to result in a lot of burned material, a lot of WHEN YOU SEE melted case material disappearing, so the exact T HI'SSEU spot where it failed will not be available to us," he F*GE said at a news conference. Offshore, salvage divers aboard the USS Preserver, working in 100 feet of water 16 miles east of Challenger's launch pad, took advantage of the 1232 W. Univ. -376-7657 favorable weather to put in extra time hauling up M-F 9-5:30 -Sat. 10-4 debris from the ship's crew cabin before returning to port Tuesday night to unload wreckage. __ .__.__._.,._.,.,. "We've been making real good progress today Display Advertising and conditions are conducive to diving as long as possible," the Preserver's commander radioed. F 376-4482 ."All debris that we've brought aboard can be man carried. The largest piece can be handled by about four men." Preserver's crew also planned to turn over an injured bird, rescued at sea, to wildlife officials before returning to the crash site Wednesday. It was not known if any more remains of the seven shuttle astronauts were recovered during the Preserver's weeklong stay at sea. On shore, Challenger's mobile firing stand finally was hauled away from its seaside pad nine weeks to the day after the shuttle took off on its fatal flight. Navy officials said Monday that radio transmissions from Preserver about the "bird of prey," described as looking like a "half owl, half hawk," were a code but they later said the report was genuine. "To the best of my knowledge there is an injured bird of prey on board the USS Preserver." said Capt. Charels Bartholomew, supervisor of salvage for the Navy. "There is in the Navy terminology a 'falcon code,' which we sometimes use, but to my knowledge this is not a falcon, this is ...some other kind of bird of prey." Bartholomew said improving weather was a boon to salvage crews and that sonar mapping of the 420-square-mile search area was more than 90 percent complete andshouldbewrap ped up by April 8, clearing the way for increased recovery operations. No bond for 'Sorcerer' MIAMI (UPI) Jose Lopez Rega, "the Sorcerer" accused of organizing Argentina's feared death squads, was denied bond once again Tuesday in federal court U.S. Magistrate Samuel Smargon ordered that Lopez Rega, 69, remain in a Miami jail until an April 28 hearing to determine whether he should be extradited to Argentina for trial on fraud and corruption charges. Quoting documents provided by the Argentine embassy, prosecutor Karen Moore argued that there is a risk that Lopez Rega would flee if released. Defense attorney Luis Fors denied that, pointing out that Lopez Rega had voluntarily surrendered. He argued that his client should be freed because the Argentine government did not specifically request that he be held without bond, because his imprisonment has prevented him from consulting Argentine attorneys and because political considerations may be involved in the charges. Lopez Rega, exiled to Europe in 1976, was charged in Buenos Aires with fraud, conspiracy, counterfeiting, theft and misconduct in office. The charges, filed in 1983,stem from Lopez Rega's term as Argentina's welfare minister, which began in 1973. Look at What We've Got on Sale! All warm ups & sweat wear 50% off All skateboard t-shirts buy one get the second at 1/2 price Skateboards ready to ride 15% off Running shorts & tops 50% off Nike Air Jordan 20% off Pony City Wings $29.99 Westgate Regency 112 S.W. 34th St. 37 AL 3-KICK PIZZA OPERA. HotAnd Fast YOU KNOW NO, I WANT A PIPINS Wa4A S HOT PIZZA -FJGHT WANT? ."Es, teH NOW 71OAKS 6 EAST OAKS 4 WEST 378-8818 SIDE OAKS MALL OUTSIDE MALL 374-8118 01 OAKS PLAZA SLEEPING BEAUTY (G-)481INASLZ 2 00,.4005(2 00@ 600) 800 PRETTY IN PINK (PG-13) MONEY PIT (PG) 2 15($200@ 5 00)730,945 2 15 ($2 00@ 5 15) 7.30, 9 55 DOWN AND OUT IN LUCAS (PG-13) BEVERLY HILLS (R) 30($200@5:30)745, 1015 230(200@5 15745,955 COLOR PURPLE (PG-13) THE CARE BEARS (G) 115,415,715,1015 200($200@530)800 HOUSE (R) KNIGHTS OF CITY (R) 230($200@530)800, 1015,95P TRIP TO BOUNTIFUL (PG)RAD (PG) 2-00 ($2 00@ 5:00) 7-30, 9-55 2 15 ($2 00@ 5 00) 7 30. 9 45 MANAGEMENT TRAIN EES A Unique Opportunity GC Services is a diversified financial organization whose main function is the collection of delinquent accounts by telephone for mainly Fortune 500 companies as well as the Federal Government. We are looking for the degreed or about to be degreed individual who is agressive, results oriented and willing to relocate.Those qualified will enter an intensive training program that will lead to a middle management position in 6-12 mos. We offer excellent salary and benefits which include profit sharing and bonus. If you want to make the right career choice send resume to: E.H. Wickline GC Services PO Box 16387 Jacksonville, Fl 32216 GC Services Corp. GMcars like this Chevrolet Chevette. Weekend Problem Solver You pay for gas and return car to renting location. Rate applies to car shown or similar size car, is nondiscountable and subject to change withou, notice. Specific cars subject, to PER DAY availability. Z-28s, Cadillacs, Caprices, Noon Thursday to Chevy nine passenger wagons, and GM 6:00 pm Monday 12 passenger Vans available at 2 Day Minimum Rental everyday discount rates. IS OVMmiles pery. Era$ 3 dUy IEU4 0r der, National Car Rental. You Deserve National Attention. CALL NOW FOR RESERVATION!ii 377-7005 GAINESVILLE REGIONAL AIRPORT 3400 NE 39th AVE. I OAKS MALL 10 $2. DAYTWI-LITE SHOW OAKS MALL 6309 NEWBERRY ROAD 5PEI ALE "'5 /7I ~~'vs~re~5fANiD TWOA4tK, NWY LAX)E SPECIAL DEULVERr PIZZA f2.50 OFF OR f15o OFF ANY ME0' SPECIAL LDEULR'"I'12 A OFFLZ C000 TKPOU6H APRIL Wqlo PLEAE tinOtN COUPON nferN CALLING ONE Ca{4l PER pIZZA PR OfELUER FROM PARn1CIPAINC PIZZA HU 6PEeLAL CUUERY" UN5. (/ZCNT CAH REWMPTIoN VLUE. lto PczLAT If L(NCN NOT VALAD FOR 0INE-IN oR, CARRY00Y, OR vV CoN uN::T*1 NIT4 ANY OTFA PI2LAITAOFFER LtMITeDl DEULIERYm AREA.-4 U -RIEP-qqwp-qqqppl qqlppl -qqr "qwp-41w, --lop, qqqp"qmp"qup-qqlqp--Rw-N r --.ddik.ddb-.dbl-.dbl-ddk.-Idlb-Allb.ddkkh-.ddbh-.ddlbh-.dd 

PAGE 12

12, alligator, wednesday apl 2, 1986 alligator classifieds FOR RENT: FURNISHED 5 BLOCKS TO U OF F Bigrm far seios student Nonsmoker Walk to U fF All 6ites pd Washer & phne $180/m 377-0020 4-815 1 Walk tc cmps, unqe 6. bhr1 .0 pt, high eamn ceimg, 44rpe1, I nlroom,4idcle, wae~r, s-w.r & garbage $255 ma Call 373 0067, Contemporar y Mngemen Iy 332 0311. 4-10-15-1 $98/m4 Fem.le 4 romme needed 4 sLbelfns,,hed H-wnin V1g 44pt May Aug Own room., IuI CyI 375 4854 43 3OXFORD MANOR $130 f ,u, furn, 4luxunoutownhose-,q ,vn May-Aug Call Ch371 7814 4 7 5 1 S-mer ,sublet 2 2 p 44!, 4 s,4re-t4 negotiable Call 3786243 (n.gh) 392 1927 (d1 4 7 5 1 -* *SUMMER -* Own bdrmbath n Oford MnrS $120m. u4il 372 4687 keep trying 4 4 4 1 APPLY NOW FOR FALL ** *BRANDYWINE** 2811 SWArcher Rd375 lI1 4 25 18 1 705 NW 33rd Av, 372-4694. Prtly frned $2204monih, npes CalIvemn1gs 415-10 1 A*NO SEC DEPOSIT Rmmn neded fr. Ig 3 BR4 Bothpi 41 4V9.y Apt On1y $112 monwhl Need smene prone C11 54v4 371 3156 4 8 5 1 Ap4r4menfurnhed or nfrnshed bedroom, one both Sht or long term lee Three blcks frm 4mp4, $275.m4, 332 7746/376-1495 4-25 18-1 Need to sublet for summerc Furnshed cond, wth w/d, micrwve,c wterlbd 1r242per sons Price negotiable Call371-2584 4-8 5 1 Sublet lrrshed I bd/1 bth apt May Ag 422 2 b-ks S of Norman Hall $225 ,10-hes 373 2924. Negotiable 4-10-7-1 *LET'S MAKE A DEAL Sublet furn 2 br I'IF Casablanca cind.d MayJuly w ptn far fall Terms negoableCal 377 3399 4-4-3 1 Sublet 1 summermaster bdrm w king sized waterbed in furn 2 bdrm lux iownhouse near Shands $220m4 + O 0il Doug 375 6871 eve. 4-8-5-1 Sublet for summer 2 bdrm I oh either furnished or unfurnished C01e to UUP Shnds Rent negotiable 377-8314 early 4n44449, late night 4-8-5-1 For subletporly furn 3 bdrm Wmldeadows p, My-Jy, Pay rent & keep security dep C4m4es 4. $133mo each Cal1 371-4571 5 11 p44 4-11-8-1 **** **FEMALE* $200 utihres clI blk from campus Simmer or fall leases Own room wash dr y microwave, ful cable tv, dishwasher, ec 3755458 4-3 5 1 2 people need 1 4 2 more to sublet (m4r bdrm) som4c, Rocky Ptitwhse 2 64r,42' bth, only $389/mo Totalrent or4 ol 373-2784. Also need 1 rmm for fall on4 rent, '10-444 4-4-5-1 $1068on. 4 4spaces41. sublet 2 6r4 MMy July. 10 min to class MI Vernon Aps pool, l.udy.me spf. f4rcall n w 373 7182 4-8-6-1 SUBLET FOR SUMMER I bdrm furnished I 5 mn to 4444. Pol 44444, 44494-I4.Ilr 444444i 8444 negotiabe 371-732 4-4-51 Lg I bdrm I b1 646p, fully fun or un4fur4 4 1 bk 1.HUF. Shands & s4t4 ies PcirksleAp, $299 m 3726728orF813-87687408 4 4 5 1 HELP' Must sublease f1r S4m (My Aug) Beautiful Brandywine 2 br b 6All 44e rnew frn. lymp,I4 po4 ClI 377 885 4 11-B-I Oakbrook Cnd. Rmms for smr Wk to UF All mo4ern conven0ences Only $1508,in '4u1 395 7698 New frn h4n9 4 8 5 1I 2 6drm6i 6b home on beautiful 20 acre horse 14lrm in NW G4v to responsible person for summer Rent neg., ud + sec dep. 335-2673. 4-11-8-1 Nicest 2 br4 42 4 summer sublet C melc4lose to camp", furn or onfur, great deal for responsible udeis4, 373 7490. 1vFOR RENT: UNFURNISHED INCREDIBLE Efficiency Aps Starting ot $169/mra. 2 Bedroom Aps Starting at $204/mo. CAMBRIDGE VILLAGE I10500 39460A4 3783988 4 25-75-2 CHEAP $190 to $199 sdo 4 bilks to UF, water Paid, pool. University Aps 411NW 15 SI 371 0769, 375-6173. 376-7166 4-8-10-2 Unfurnished 2 and 3 bedroom,4d4 shh4 e d4pes,4 'o"4 yro pool, o *"'"44re4 students, 6900 SW 21st4 1-e. 332 8875. 4 2565 2 2 WEEKS FREE' Huge I bd walk n nclosee, 44 ar, w/w carpets, pantry, pc9o4us grounds mag4n4f4e4 oaks Be Ar Aps 636 NW 26 Ave 373-1459, 375-6173. 371 0769 4-8-10-2 2 BR $250 Near C0pu. central air he, carpet Water & sewer pd Woodcrest ApIs 16150SW042ndS1373-58168373-1099 4-8-10-2 WOW' 2 80 $249 to $275, WALK TO UPrl Unv Apts 411 NW 15 S4 371 0769, 375-6173. 3768 7166 4-8-5-2 L1ge 1/1 4d4 .with p .449ghtr4m siu4a,4444ppiances and 44rpe4 fairly ew wooded yard, 4 mile to UF Good terms 3712607. 4-7-4-2 Duck Pond 3 blks to downtown, 3 bedrm I bth $600.m clouding 11 4l PFrancesM4 Mnn Really, Inc L8c Broker, 374-4999 or 495-2637 4-15-10-2 Convenient location, 2 mi from UF, pool, 24 hr laundry, quiet Prelasing 2 and 3 bar's for full 1800 NW 4S t 378-4969* 5-13-20-2 Available for immediate occubcy 2 br 2 bth pt. L4w rent, low il Pool, basketball, e4c Call Tom or Jeff nyime, 335-2742 4-8-5-2 I drm4p4: need to ren by May 2 blocks from UF Phone & elec depos paid for looking for 14st& last but eg Call P1 at 338-1267 4-4-3 2 Spacious 2 br 6'5 both townhouse. Sublease at $295/mo through July 31 Fil optional o $325/m Available end of April. 375-4451 44-3-2 l ve in G4lle4s most luxurious complex. Sublet Oxford Manor 2 bd/2 bth opt May thr4 Aug Pick your own rmm s Fur4 or unf4rn Very willing to negotiate, 375-0702 4-8-5-2 I BR4nfurnished,central a4 & a4pe4 near4 campus. $225, negotiable lease, flexible deposit Call 332-37654fter 5830p.m. 4-8-5-2 Walk to Santa Fe CC, 1 BR $245, 2 BR $295, $125 Sec. plus LMR. Pool, laundry, no pets, Santa Fe Trce ApIs. 378-1190 4-25-72-2 Oak Glade ApIts near UF & VA, quiet area w crime watch neighborhood 1 BR, 2 BR $215$325 plus Sec plus LMR 372-6422. 4-25-72-2 A block from Uf! I br $240 2 br $300, new s4ove/frig, cent 6 ,4ees laundry wood floors, someu4l44c4, flexible deposits 377-8127 4-415-2 Sublet I'll pay you $200 for April 15cupncy $3454 m in Mll Rn, 2b, 1h, pool, w'd hookup, lots more Call anytime 373-0391. 10r 44Seve 4-3-10-2 Convenient downtown location, 302 SE 4h Street, great for students. 3br/b1h, $250/mo. Call 372-6172. 13-32-0-2 2 WKS FREEII Nice quiet 1bd $225, water pd. *-w carpets, cent air, V 0Ilager West 800 NW 18 Ave, take 9 S north from 16 Av then rgh 371-0769, 371-0251, 37-7166. 4-8-10-2 WE ARE #1 Because we offer you the most far yowr mental $ *1, 2 8 3 Br. Apls. fturn.orunfurn. We'll help you find roommates *Tennis cour sauna, pool & gym FREE classesby professionals in Karate, Aerobics, Tennis & Mth Tutoring Regency Oaks Apts. 3230 Archer Rd 378-5766 Country Garden Apts. 2001 S W 16th St. 373 4500 4 25-43-2 HUGE 2 bd 2dbh 1000 sq f dishwasher, 44444444 g44444. 444444144444 oak.$315. Bl A, 044s636 NW28A 371-0769 373-1459 48-)0 2 Av-1 n.w 2 6 4opt 2 shor4 blocks from UFP Close .everyH hng $265 00m4 must s., wil go fas 373-7891 4-3-5 2 Summ44er Sublet opion for fall 3 bdr house w 1d floors. front p ch .44ceing f A C $375 4444 dep 316 SE 61 St. 375-6903 4 j 5 2 SUBLET large, 4bed-,4m4 44 44I May h644 --mmSW are .n arope. water an s4r pd $225 mCall 335-1767 4-4-5 2 GREAT LOCATION 1 bO 44 UF behind Nrm Hall 24rms.mhouseturn4or4nf.n Subl May-Aug $150 + 44ul Aug free 3717788 4-4-5-2 Deal1 the century, 2 BR Phoen. Ap, .11 41-4 4r46*4s4r sble4 6 May-Aug, Reg $300 mnly $199 mn n Call 371-1490 4r 3768 7495 4 4-5-2 SUMMER SUBLEASE .4po-4 1-br pool laundry, near UF, Shands MI Vernon Apis Av-1,ow -Aug 376-1807 anytime 4-11-10-2 What you wa~t in a place to hve is available 4now Walk to classes, low rem tlties, s 4cluded, active, social commuiy Fall rent $2968456 Summer A ar B rent $102-161 Cme see for yourself B8ckma4 Co-op 392-6603. North C-op 392-3857 Reid Co-op 392-6723 Apply a UF Divs441 of H44s4 Office ext to Beauty 4-2-3-2 S4 46e 4 sublet f 4ll opti 4 spacious Ibdm "pl pool Close 44 UF law C4melo Apts Av4lable May 44h Re4t64 4o4 Call 378-9148 4-7-5-2 ROOMMATES Nonsmoke luury townhouse opt Marchwood, pool turn except br. Conenent to campus $185 4 ,392-0309 or 373-2567 4-810-3 Don4 4wait Rocky Point Aps. 3 bedrm. 2 both W-. pets k No waiting lists Call 378-8642, nights Keep trying 4-8-5-3 Sem-stuious roommates needed for summer '44 NE 4 bdrm home 2' mi from campus,. microwave, washer, dryer, duck pond area. 378-6817 4-8-5-3 Female your own room in Camelt! Adacent '. 464p'ng, close to school. Summer sublet $160 mh. '4utlities 371-9639. 4-8-5-3 Own roomi4 bdr house, n s, female pre., f444'gn students welcome. SW area, 2 blk s from UF 375-1705 Holly or Clark. 4-8 5-3 WALK ONE BLOCK UF. Male upper division grad 4444444 Pivateentrane,4b4, 446.4414r44444, $125-155/373-9609, 37-8852. 378-8122.4r2518-3 Sublet fr summer 3 bdrm apt. Master bedroom, $150, Regency Oaks. Free ennis korale/swimming pool, tennis courts. Call 3769967 ASAP. A4-85-3 Nonsmk f share home with 2 students, own bdrm, I bk from cmpus, $150 plus utilitiess 371-2569. 4-4-3-3 Female roommate professional 4 9d student, lovely 3/2 home in good neighorhood. $140/mo & spi til 373-4656 after 9 00p m. 4-8-5-3 Female roomnmat needed i4 b 3 bwrhe. Own bedroom, close to UF/San4a Fe. Sun, pool only $125 mo4 .l1. 4Av4 May 1. Cll 332 7828. 4-8-5-3 female, nonsmoker to sublet .room in a 3 br 1% 4ba p$140m m + t1. Call 373-2212. 4-4-3-3 I or 2 M or F roommots needed to shore apt, each with own room. If E -$148/month, 2 $136/month. Call Joe -395-7844or Mitch 395-7834. 4-8-5-3 Wanted summer, option fall/winter, F for' 2 bdrm,I1 bth house in SW. Walk to UF. $165/mo + '2 util. Prefer laid bock, partying, studious when nec. Mary 371-9003 after 9 p.m. 4-8-5-3 Roommate for4 4summer. 0Own 448*4*/4444*44 both. $150/mo + 141 util. Near Norman Hall. F/M grad student pref. Coll 377-6930. 4-7-4-3 OAKBROOK SUMMER CONDOMINIUM RENTAL 2 bdroom*2 bathewalking distanc. to compusomicrowavi@edishwasheretir. compactor*Disposa*wash@r/dryer 122R-A SW 16th Av*. 375-4245*371-2109. 4-25-18-3 Summer Fm/nonsmk own rm P k master Br in Ig. bright*pt w/dw. 2 mi from camp. Rent 8142.50/mo + 4' 2util. 375-82334anytime. 4-44-3 $90 mo! OWN ROOMI! 1-2rmms needed for MshJu-J-4large rn house/wsh64dryer/ir', 44444 UP 46484449b. 4.371-1988. 4-7-5-3 Fema e o summer with flloption. 4 wn r m n 2 bdr 1 b new townhouse .$145 mo + 4/ util Part. furnished 335-1286. 4-3-3-3 HELP! Female rmmI needed, own rm in quiet SW townhouse, $165 mnh + util. Must see, nice & clean. No pets6smokers. 332-2821 Lisa. 4-7-5-3 Female nonsmoker to shore 2 br I both Phoenix apt for sumr. Washer/dryer, furnished, $165 mo '2 Utilities. Call Beth 371-2459 evenn 4-8-5-3 2 M F rmmts t sh4re luxurious furnished Soneridge 3 bdrm apt. Great deal! reat apartment! Call Mitch at 376-4583 anytime. 411-5-3 MALE WALK 2 BLOCKS UF, uppe4 division grd student RESERVE NOW FOR SUMMER and 198687 $125-155 includes4uti44 ies 378-8122, 3739609, 376-6652. 4-25-18-3 Sublet May -?? OXFORD MANOR. Mastm bdrm in a 3-bdrm 3 bth apt. $175 a month + 44 util. Call Eric 377-9612. 4-4-3-3 SUMMER ONLY $200 Master bdrm & both, Vizcaya Apts. Call Eric flowo4 373-7775. 4-8-5-3 Need f rmmt to sh, large 1 bdrm condo in Sparrow. Pool, jacuzzi, racquetball, tennis & sauna. $100/mo + 4 Putil. 332-7692 or 3766699 4-4-3-3 DAII ACROSS 1 Source of 3 Down ets thinner 10 Important point 13 Napoleon on Elba 15 West Pointer 16 Egg: Comb. form 17 City NE of Genoa 18 Contrariety 19 Old car 20 Rife 22 Gov't. agent 23 Palmer of the tees, to friends 24 Command to Dobbin 26 Frizzed 29 Cereal choice 31 Toward the mouth 32 Tainted 35 VIl x Vill 37 Actress Powers 38 "1 -have danced all night" 39 Oscar-winning director David 40 High mountain 41 Monkey bread tree 42 "River": Asch novel 43 Loud cries 45 City NE of Lisbon 47 "What's in a 48 Ladies of Lerida 50 Abusive criticism 52 Presidential candidate: 1964 56 Dispose of 57 Teddy and others 59 Lake of SE Africa 60 Raw material 61 Kate's friend 62 Ice pinnacle 63 Needlefish 64 Find out 65 Rake DOWN 1 Meteorology abbr. 2 Angle of a branch 3 Cairo's waterway 4 M*A*S*H star 5 Certain fiction, for short 6 The street, in Paris 7 The Golden Calf 8 4, 10 and 24 Down, e.g. 9 Miss Piggie's I place? 10 "All in the Family" producer 11 Part of the eye 12 Blessing 14 -nous 21 Hint 22 Thou, in Toulons 24 He led "The Wagon Train" 25 Domain of Otto 1: Abbr. 26 Comet's head [1 12 3 4 60t 1 5 63464 01"S tAs AnSels-.sne. Male roommate needed. Own furnished room w/waterbed. $160/month + /2 util. SW section. Call Ericat 375-8024. 4-8-5-3 Summer Roommate 4Wnted m/f Regency Oaks, well furnished, private bed & both $195. + / 2util. Call Adrienne 377-0674. 4-4-3-3 GWF needs rmmt to share nice condo. Wash/dryer, microwave, v *r, own room/both. Kitty oky. $195 m* + / 2util. Call leave message335-1827. 4-8-5-3 Luxury housVery nicel Own room Nonsmoker, washer/dryer! A/C, tons of extrasl Only $149/mo * Great place to livel 373-50120 4-4-3-3 F/M: own room in furn. 2 BR Apt. $120/mo + '/2 util NO LEASE near Norman Hall. Call Tom 378-5909 or 392-7229. 4-2-5-3 Mlae rnm4t. for own rm. 8 both in large condo., furn. except bdr., near low school. For summer, fall option. Steve 377-9806 or 375-8708. 4-47-3 SUBLET MAY-?? OXFORD MANOR. Master bdrm in 3 bdrm, 3 both furn apt. $150/mo + H util. Call377-5359ANYTIME. 4-4-7-3 2 F rmmts needed to share nice 3 bdrm, 2 bth unfurnished in Regency Oaks. $160/mo, %4 util. Call Diane, 373-1791 and leave message. 4-9-10-3 NO LEASE own room in 3 bdr 1 both house in NE area. Quiet neighborhood, fenced backyard. $117/mo + %/ utilities + security dep. No last mo rent. Call David after 7 p.m. 338-0019. 4-32-3 HELP! Sh4re a condo INEXPENSIVELY. 2 bdrm, 2/ b6th, pool, w/d, responsible, Fe, nonsoker wanted. Call Jennifer 373-2371. 4-8-53 Own room in house, furnished, non-smoker pleas, no le se but deposit. $150 month plus utilities. 0*44 Pat 375-8395 *1444 8. 4-4-3-3 Take over May 1st, own room in 3 bdrm apt, furn., $195 + '/ util. Tennis, racquetball, pool. Call Dave 332-2719 after five. 4-4-5-3 I M/F for summer C w/FOll option, close to campus, $140/mo + / util, own room, pets ok no deposit. Nice neighborhood, call 3748041. 4-4-5-3 REAL ESTATE 82 Mobile Home 2 Br, 1I2 4th.4Convenient location, Furn., Fireplace, Cent. heat, A/C, Vaulted roof, Ceiling fon. 373-7114. 4-4-10-4 27 Russian range 46 Chess pieces 28 Consumer 48 Andrea advocate 49 Merlin of sports 29 People of 50 Kermit, e.g. Sudan 51 Money in 30 Nautical term 17 Across 33 Sounds from 52 Windstorm the meadow 53 Starchy 34 Saloon, in Soho rootstock 36 Division word 54 One of 39 Rock star born Rebekah's sons in Sussex: 1948 55 Relay 41 Kind of steer? 57 Tote, for one 44 Acorn source 58 Cloth measure ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE. P RA7 $0 T 4/2/6 5 1 r7 1e 90 101 1 I *ais ILY CROSSWORD PUZZLE Edited by Trude Michel Jaffe Now Open Until 12:30! GREEK NIGHT! WEAR YOUR COLORS 8 PM -CLOSING $1.90 DOMESTIC PITCHERS 25C DOM. MUGS $2.75 IMPORT PITCHERS I ITEM SMALL PIZZA $4.99 9 PM -CLOSE EARLY BIRD SPECIAL 5-7 PM $1 OFF ANY SANDWICH WITH LARGE DRINK PURCHASE 114 NW 13th St. Remember Happy Hour Mon-Fri 3-7 pm 375-0004 Gator Plaza S1.90 pitchers or SOC drafts I13 1 15 16 17 19 1 20 21 22 2324 2 26 27 282 3 31 32 3 435 3 37 -38 na 40 4 4 1 42 47 s 50_ 151 1 -2 5 $ Sfi I r-2 a FS 

PAGE 13

alligator. wednesday apr 2,1986.,13 alligator declassified IDOWNOWN. B. a part of. Prime retail space and prestigious office space avilibile in the new SUN CENTER. Cell 3726172. 13-32-0-4 Graduating student MUST SELL 1982 2/1 mobile home. Great/inexpensive living. Asking $10,900 -includes furn. & tv. 332-5648 eves & wknds. 4486-4 Shodiest lot in G'ville, '82 Fleetwood 14x56, 2 bd, 2 both, cathedral ceiling, ceiling fan, washer/dryer hook up, 1Ox10 shed, bike to UF many extras. Must see, $600 & take over pymnts. 373-3372 after 6:30 p.m. 4-8-5-4 Vero Beach 4 br 2 bo, ener-effic, 2000 sq. + garage cbs home, huge patio, big lot. Owner will trade for similar in NW Gville. Write: Frank, 1930 NW 35th St, Gainesville, FL 32605. 44-5-4 Medical/Professional Office condo unit sole/lease equip/furn, exc. Tampa loc. 945 s/f Reos. callDr. Szeja813-962-8514. 4-22-15-4 Attractive 2 bedroom, I both condo in Tower Oaks. All appliances, privacy fence, w/d hookup, storage. Barry D. Boumtstein, Inc. 3737557. 4-15-10-4 DOWNTOWN. BE A PART OF IT Apartments, condos, small shops, available for fall occupancy. Call 372-6172. 13-32-0-4 Price sloshed on custom 2 bdrm. condo near UF with screened porch, pool & tennis. $37,500!! Levy-Stricklond, Inc. 376-4040. 4-8-5-4 750 sq. ft. condo Vs mile to UF. Pool, weightroom, souna, fairly new carpetand appliances. Low or nothing down, pos. cash flow. 371-2607. 4-8-5-4 Mobile Home Excellent Condition, 2 bdrm. 372-9686. 4-8-5-4 GOVERNMENT HOMES from $1 (U repair). Also delinquent tax property. Call 805-687-6000 Ext. GH-9486f io formation. 7-8-35-4 FOR SALE Since 1977 Car Stereo Specialists has been selling top quality cor stereos at low discount prices. Comeesee usat 2201 NW13 St. Or call 372-2070. Open M-F 10:00-7:00 and Sat. 10:005:00. 4-25-75-5 AM-FM Cassette In-dash $29.95 AM-FM Digital In-Dash $99.55 100 Watt equilizer $29.95 Full warroty 373-3754 Audio Outlet. 4-25-70-5 Drawing tables $69. Computer stands $89. Wood boxes $19. Blons chair $49. Small chest $49. NINA'S NOOK 377-6700 818 W. Univ. 4-2567-5 FURNITURE for sale; couch, coffee table, end tables, beds, table and chairs, etc Call Eric 377-9612. 4-4-3-5 MOPED for sale TRACexcl. condition, 6 months old, $400 obo. 371-3495or 371-3434. 4-4-3-5 THE INSTITUTION V4 N p -ARf.YuT9 Cf YEAR'5 3 fA rJR'AT HaT / terrj trswpi rekefromSpeingreek * Must sell HPO bed complete $30000, 10 sp. h1ke $150 080 & car stereo & eq & speaker $3000BO. Call 378-6849. 4-7-4-5 Leaving tocn& verywillng to negotiate onapt neecesstes;supesinglewoterbed9 incolor T.V., dishes, etc. Unbelievable bargains. Nome your price. Call 375-0702. 4-8-5-5 1986 Hondo Spree for sole. Only 450 miles, asking $500 dollars or best offer. Call Livingston dl395-8825. 4-7-4-5 DORM SIZE FRIDGE like neecsmall fridge $100 95-9009. 4-8-5-5 TRS -80 MODEL I 148 K RAM. Includes manuas ond programs. Best offer takes all. 371-4642, please leave message. 4-4-3-5 For Sole, 2 yr membership, Gainesville Racquetball Fitness Club, $150. Expires Jan. 6, 1987. Call 374-8837E. Freeman. 4-2-2-5 CONDO FOR SALE: 2 Bed/t/% both. Bivins Forest. $45,000, will finance. Call: 813-9387825 day/813-734-3501 at night. Ask for Tony. 4-3-14-5 Full size bed, box spring and frame. Bought new lost semester, $90. Call Diane, 373-1791. 4-9-10-5 Oiental tug $100. metal desk $100, bed & frame$50 ,begeug' '$75.Leavemessage3 3729. 4-4-5-5 MOTORCYCLES Hondo MB5 50cc motorcycle. Needs $100-150 of electrical work, but in otherwise good co"ditio,$l45os is 371-1559. 4-3-5-7 '83 Sportster. Ride in luxury* * Enjoy life in leather and chrome, an investment that is appreciated. Good deal. 377-2584. 4-8-5-7 Vespo Scooter 78 125cc, excellent condition, $500. With helmet, carry bog, truck loading ramp, $525. 332-2030. 4-4-3-7 BUY MY SCOOTER & SAVE $300. Brond new Hondo Elite 150D, only 10 miles! $1300 OBOCall 374-4230, keep trying. 4-8-5-7 AUTOS 1977 Pontiac Firebird, automatic, air, V-8, excellent condition, 1 owner, asking $1,900. 373-2068 evenings. 4-8-5-8 AMC Gremlin '75 6 cylinder, runs, needs some work. 372-0465. 4-4-3-8 Exce.ceondition! 79 Cordoba, cruise, air, Pioneer tape deck with equalizer /booster, new fires. $2,300. Call 375-6871 evenings. 4-8-5-8 SERVICES STEREO REPAIR Meticulous repair on your belovedcstereo We do it right the first time! Sound Ideas 2201 NW 13th St 378-0192 4-25-17-9 MINI STORAGE AAA STORAGE 377 1771 Close to UF & convenient 4x4x4 $10 mo 4x8x8 $20 mo 535 SW 2nd Ave 4-25-70-9 376-4511 The Alligator's Pulseline Use it. This week's question: Do you think the University should build a speakers platform and pave two walkways in the Plaza of the Americas? (Monday) Call Tuesday & Wednesday after 8 p.m. 1i m. BREAD & ROSES Well Women Care ABORTION 6 Up to 22 weeks 0 Nitrous Oxide -no extra charge 0 Free Pregnancy Tests BIRTH CONTROL CLINIC 0 Female Practitioners 1 372-1664 Completely Confidential Close to Campus 1233 NW IOth Avenue Across from Center Theatre 2-28-40-9 Pregnant? We offeroobjective and confidential counselingepregnoncy testO & more. All Services Free 377-4947 Crisis Pregnancy Center 1204NW 13th Street. Suite 23 Across from Civitan Blood Center 4-25-79-9 SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSES FARM *riding lessons hay rides rail rides* boording *sales *rentals* wooded trals. 466-3224 & 375-8080. 4-25-75-9 ABORTION "Calt ascecat FREE PREGNANCY TESTS 9*Women practitioers Licensed O s-GYN (with hospital privileges) Gainesville Women's Health Center 720 NW 23RD AVENUE 377-5055 We offer choices to you -o full range of obstetric & gynecology services. Serving Gainesville forI 1 Iyears. Non profit. 4-25-72-9 * ADOPTION * Consider what is best for the boby. ''all Christian Family Servicescofc378-1471. We care. Ask for Kent or Anito. 5-29-25-9 PRE-PAID LEGALA Valuable Service Additional Income/Retire in 5 Years Free Informational Meeting Donald G Pratt 373-3059 4-25-18-9 TYPING SERVICES For Quality Use A Professional Professional Typing 917 NW 13th St. 373-9822 Recorded on diskettesormag cards dissertations theses manuscripts 4-25 75-10 For the best professional typing and editing Hogtown Typing 375-8333 Speciahzing in low arch theses, and dissertations 4-25-6810 *WORD PROCESSING* Professionalqualhtyt student prices Quick turnaround. Hours by appoint. 8 a m -8 p m CallDebbie 378-7120 4 25-62 10 Typmng fast and accurate, reasonable rtte tninor editing proofreading Cal Beverly (t 372-6253 4-25-75-10 Typing fast and accuratepapers these. dissertations Experienced Proofreaditg Reasonable rates Call Lata 378-6642 4 25-59 Word Processig, Typng, Bkkping & Notary, Gradcschool exp Prof qualiy 14 yrs exp spelling ckd NW section, Doawn 332-3913. 4-25 40 10 by Steve Riehm 5iCITIEFOIJNE -E~N ElE Ite 'A'. -. * Word Processing ** Typing * Resumes Reports Leters Theses@ Applications Etc. 376-5465* We're close to campus ***Alachua Word Processig***. 4-25-27-10 TYPING/from $1/pg. papes/theses/disst./15 p. ecpe. i lgl/medical/egt tems as former coc t rpt. Ecel speting/ptoofig. Coll Jill. 377-9647. 4-25-58-10 For the right type, call Kathy, 376-9527. Expert professional service. Reasonable rates. 4-2542-10 WORD PROCESSING/TYPING Resumes, reports, cover letters. 377-0460, MF/9-5 p.m. Gainesville Word Processing Center. 4-23-30-10 TYPING: Legal, theses, dissertations, reports, professional quality, dependable service Nancy, 372-2750. 4-4-30-10 Rest Werd-ProcessisgIn town. 1-day setnice. Grad School apped. Term papers etc. CPM & DOS compt. Lois. 377-0528. 4-25-26-10 * *TYPING 372-7856MARG* * Someday/overnite, spelling ckd, tempapers, theses, resumes, letters, etc. 3436 NW 17th Sc. 4-25-29-10 Typcng 107 ccpm, 14 ys legl se. cpeieece, reasoale, accacte, qality ok, call Jeannette at 378-8653 from 9 am to 8 p.m 4-7-7-10 TYPING SERVICE Term papers, resumes, appltcations. 375-4536 before4:30, 338-ll39after4:30. 4-25-19-10 Prince Typing Services, 2720 NW 6ht St. Resumes, manuscripts, reports. Leser Print aeiiabi.e 371-7160 4-11-8-10 TYPING/WP call 374-8703. Yes, quality service & competitive rates, plus convenient location ust 2klks from Bogeland! 4-25-18-10 WANTED GOLD& GAMONDS Top Cash or Trade OZZIE'S JEWELRY Appointment -373-9243 4-25-72-11 Wanted: Healthy, non-obese men, (ages 50 to 75 years) on no medication, far laboratory and psychological studies involving normal sexual behavior. Appropric. volunteers will be paid. Call Mork, 392-2612. 9 a.m. to 5 p.m Mon-Fri. 4-25-26-11 MASSAGE TABLE WANTED 376-6356. 4-4-5-11 Wanted: Robin Williams tix 2 to 4 front row seats (or near front row). Call 376-4055 4-4-3-11 WANTED: Experienced bass player to join a recenly signed heymetal band. Serious inquiries only. Great opportunity. Call 3350620 4-4-311 HELP WANTED All Positions needed at an Easter Seal camp for handicapped children cod adult,. Camep Challenge. Rti Boo 350, Sorrento, FL 32776 418 35 12 Foil 0 paratme laborers needed Earn up to $15.00 an hour No experence necessary Call (813)886-7151 ext 12 4-10-20-12 Do you need money? Sell Aoa full or part timeearn up to 50% commission 375-8967 4-4-50-12 It A, * * * * * Business Office Clerk Needed Summer Semester Only Must be student, work 20 hours a w hy flexible hours, will train. Apply daily between 9 and 5. Independent Floride Alligator. 1105 West University Ave. No phone cils please. AA/EOE. 13-32-0-12 SUMMERiJOBS Avg. $1300/month + cll. credit. Send name, major, phone# to: Summer Work, PO Box 12455A Gainesville, 32604. SW C. 4-7-5-12 Advertising Seles Rep -(Ca*p-u Terriery Must be esreed student. Summer semester. Must be e elabl 12-15 has/wk. $3.6/hr. Should be very organized. Mst h ebe to work with custeers, b.e god at meth A spelling, willing to proper. ed lepeets and erder oems in great deftl, setaly. All week must be done in ecerdence with strict deedlines. Piek up ppliciens et The Alligator, 1105 W. Univ. Ave. Applictiens must be returned by ns, Friday. April 11. No phonecells. AA/EOE. 4-11-11-12 Ad'ertisg Solets Reps. -Must be esrelled students. Summer A Fell positions open. Must be eeilehi 15 plus hours per meeb in Summer (at 25 hours/mk I. the Fll). Should be very organized. Must be able to work mllh cutemers. e g-od t meth nd spellg. willing to propre ad iayuts and order rs in great detail, nealy. All wee must be done In eccordence with strict deadlines. Pick up applications st The Alligator. 115 W. Uni. An. Applications sat be returnedby soe", Friday, April 11. No phone calls. AA/EOE. 411-11-12 $ADD EXTRA CASH$ THIS AD WORTH $17 To New Donors on 2nd Visit cr who haven't donated in last 3 mos. New Cash Schedule. Free coffee & cookies daily. Rc-mrlyof'far a T.V. GAINESVILLE PLASMA 378-9431 238 SW 4th Ave. Mo/Wed/Fri 8-3 Tes/Th s 10-7Sot10-2 4-10-4012 WRITERS and PHOTOGRAPHERS fair a Greek oriented magazine. Send S.A.S.E. to: Greek Quarterly,.Box465,DeKalb,IL160115. 4-7-5-12 SUMMER WORK! Must have 2.5+ GPA. Avg. $395 a week. Call 378-2866. SW co. 4-7-5-12 Peace Corps Who needs PeaceCorps? Find out 392-2394. 40-5-12 Agents looking for people to work in TV.0 commercials. For info. call (602) 837-3850 Ext. 95. 4-2-1-12 GOVERNMENT JOBS. $16,040 -$59,230/yr. Now hiring. Call 805-687-6000 Ext. R-9486 for current federal hst. 8-18-45-12 A-1 Laborers needed now. Earn $14.50 per hour, full or part time. Call bel-en 9:00 a.m. to 9 p.m. Ask fot pesonel. 1-813-6867151 425-18-1 2 Pharmacy Technician -Community Pharmacy loll ineeperience preferred, sal26 y commensucate P.O. Boo 4070 Gile 32613. 48-5-12 RENTAL MANAGER upper division, grad student fothouse et'ed to motc. Roam echgegd for work. 376-6652, 378-8122. Near U. 4-1813-12 Recreation/PE aid needed for after school program hrs. 2:30 -5. Fort formation call 3734475 4-4-3-12 Pate-tmeJobSteadycmonthly income limited positions available Send name, address and stamp D&D Pubshing, N Grosvenordcle, CT 06255 4-8-5-12 THE DISSERTATION DOCTOR B.A Engish, M Ed Typng & Editorial Services. Sue Kirkpatrick 376 1781 4-25-18-12 Aerobics Exercise instructor part-time morning and early afternoons Elane's Health &Figure Scilon. 376-9133. 372-1744. 4-8-5-12 AQUATICS The YMCA is hiring certifiedlfeguards & swim ,structors Call 376-7172 4-7-4-12 Prti'melatenight cashier,24 hs per week (3 -8 hour shifts) Apply Oaks Mall Chevron. Start ,tmedtately 4-4-312 GOVERNMENT JOBS $1040 -$9,3O/yr Now hiring. Cll 805-6876000 Ex. R-9486 for current federal ist 4-25-42-12 O seasjobs Summer, yr. roundEurope, 5 Amer., Astralic, Asa. All fields. $900-2000 mo Scghlseeing. Free info. Write IJC, P Bx 52FL2, Corona Del Mr, CA92625 4-3-10-12 SECRETARY PARTTIME, neat prnting, some typing, close to UF. Call 377-0040 -leave name & number 4-7-6-12 fst, Free, 30 Minute Delivery Ask for the: GET ACQUAINTED SPECIAL 12" Pepperoni Pizza or 1 Item of choice 378-2415 oids other offers expires 4/3 I I 

PAGE 14

14, alligator, wednesday a'pr ? 19BP alligator classifieds NEW ENGLAND BROTHER/SISTER CAMPS (Mass ) Mah-Kee-Noc for Boys/Danbee for Girls. Counselor Positions for Program Specialists: All Team Sports, especially Baseball, Basketball, Soccer, plus Archery, Riflery, and Biking 25 Tenris openings Also, Performing Arts, Gymnastics, Rocketry, Popes Course; All Waterfront Activities including Swimming, Skiing, Small Croft, plus Overnight Camping, computers, Woodcraft and more Inquire: J & D Camping, 190 Linden Avenue, Glen Ridge, NJ 07028 Phone (201) 429-8522 4-32-212 Surnrer/Fall Openings for Admiristrative Coordinators in Housing Applcants must be grods or srs with a GPA of 2 2 or more Position is live-in, half-time with administrative and supervisory duties Application, and position descriptions available from the Housing Office next to Beaty Towers The Division of Hou g c is11r)EEO employer Deadline Mondaoy Aprl 7 4 p m Housing Office 4 4 3 12 Art, art ed, advert, part-tmre job begin summer term $3 75 per hour to start Job involves art lttering Reply to Box 286, Gv1e 32601 4-8 COUNSELORS Summer boys resident camp in N E High solory, travel allowance for students w,.ith sk 1s m 4 basketball, baseball, soccer sailing, ennis archery, fencing, computer, pioneering, ropes, bicycling Also openings for RN's, LPN's For further information cal 914-381 5983 or write to Camp Winaldu, 5 Glen Lane, Mamaroneck, N Y 10543 4-4-3-12 Resort Hotel, Cruise Lines & Amusement Parks are now accepting applications f nr em f rmationwrte Tourism Information Services P 0 Box 7881, Hilton Head Island, SC 29938 4-8 5-12 $ ADD EXTRA CASH $ TH IS AD WORTH $ 17 To new donors on 2nd Visit or who haven't donated in last 3 mos New Cash Schedule Free coffee and cookies daily Bi-monthly raffle for a T.V GAINESVILLE PLASMA 378-9431 238 SW 4 Ave Mon/Wed/Fr 1 8-3 Tues/Thurs 10-7 Sat 10-2 4 10-40-12 Rus Job Typing Ser vice One hour turnaround No paper refused A Ph.D. on staff to edit your paper $2.25 ord nary ds pg 4 10 NW 13th St 4-25-18 12 2 Entry-LevelRetailManagement Exciting Career Opportunity ROBBY'S SPORTS We're looking for *Career-oriented *Positive-think ing *Sports-minded men and women to join our rapidly-expanding retail chain as entry-level manager trainees Be a part of one of the fastest growing sporting goods companies in America Apply in person (it Robby's Sports, The Oaks Mall 4 4-3-12 SAVE ON RAYBANS University Opticians 3004 SW 4th Ave 378-4480 4 25 75 13 Unwanted Hair Removed Forever 30 years Newberry Rd Suite 1350,372-8r39og-25-75-13 GAY SWITCHBOARD 332-0700 Call About Tues. Night Activities Something Different Every Week 4-25-75-13 Ladies make money We buy & sell good used clothing Call Second Act, 373-8527 4-25 75-13 PASSPORT PHOTOS READY IN 60 SECONDS Media Image Photography 21 SE 2nd Place 375 1911 4 25-61-13 Speed Sale All ladies swimwear 10-30% off Men's suits, goggles and accessories 10% off with mention of this ad Lloyd Clark e Sports 1504 NW 13 St 37237836 4-4-4-13 Tired of parking problem at UF? Work with other students who are just as concerned Applications for Associate Justice, PIR Staff, and Student UPD Advisory Board now available at the Traffic Court Applications due April 7 4-44-13 Alarms!1 For your CAR Stereos, loot We will install your own equipment also MOBILE TEK 374-0664 4-4-7513HYPERTENSIONT HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE? We are testing a naturally occurring food substance as treat mnent for high blood pressure it work-, great in rats We want to know if i works in people too Need 30 volunteers for 20 week period If interested call Dr Robert Code o 392-8952 4 9-10-13 IMMUNIZATION CLINIC During the Spring Semester, Student Health Service is offering an Immunization Clinic at the Infirmary where students may receive the university-required immunizations at no charge. Required are the DiphteriaTetanus (DT) and Measles, Mumps, Rubella (MMR) immunizations and tuberculin skin test (PPD). CLINIC HOURS: Wednesday & Thursday afternoons 1:00-3:30 pm REQUIRED IMMUNIZATIONS WILL BE GIVEN ONLY DURING THESE HOURS. Students should check in at the Front Desk in the Lobby Area. YOU'RE THE JUDGE The positions of Associate Justice of the Student Traffic Court require a special type of person. You'll hear cases, weigh their merits, and render judgement. It requires responsibility and maturity. There are also openings for the Public Relations staff and the Student/UPD Advisory Board. Come apply today at the Student Traffic Court Deadline for applications are April 7. Interviews will be held April 8,9,10,11. I9-1 o rotn-Soutn Ufrvg Surf City! The lates' sty'es of Qu'ks'lver, Jimmy z ams, Gotch Cotch1t in stock now! Shirls, t-shirts & sunglasses, too Check us out. Lloyd Clarke Sports 1504 NW 13 St 372-7836. 4-4-4-13 Beach (bech) n a sandy shore. 4 3-2-13 Horseback rildin at Tall Oaks. $600 hr 7 mi W of1l-75 on#24 to SW. 190C S. 1 mi. Free lesson4 on Wed1Thu s, & F416 1 a bonus 49-3127 4-43 13 USED CAMERA SALE Olympus om10 with motor drive $99 00. Others to choose from ROMO PHOTO 1232 W University Ave 376-7657 The Friendly Photo Store 4-2-1 13 Paul, Surprises areni4e6 but this is ridiculs 1 Patty PLANNED PARENTHOOD. 376-9 4-21 13 TENNIS RACQUETS 19099 Dunlop wood Covers $4.00 &$500 Stringing $9 88 Athletic Attic Outlet Oaks Plaza 378-2426 4-8-5-13 NICKEL BEER AND 25C well brands every Thurs nite at Heaven $3 cover for men & women. 18 E Univ. 9p m -2 a m 376-2226 4-3-2-13 Andy You've made me the happiest uers on I can't wait until that lives 6414144e4114 444 allof 4o11 dream ometrue I love you endlessly Joanne 4 2 1 13 PASSPORT PHOTO MANIA Color $5.99 pairB BW $4.99. No oppl. Ready in 60 seconds. ROMO PHOTO 1232 W. University Ave. 376-7657. 4-2-1-13 INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS: Recently published, Guide to Greencrd from F/J/H Visas. For free details send refundable $1.00 (P&H): Immigration Publications, P.O. Box 515991, Dallas, TX 75251. 4-4-5-13 Christian Hosoi $45.99 Great selection of hot boards including Walker Scorpion, Sims Staab, Sims Pro Rocco, Schmitz Si'x Lucero, Vision Gonzales. All 0cces.also! Lloyd Clarke Sports is where it's at! 1504 NW 13 St. 372-7836. 4-4-4-13 SUMMER JOBS. Avg. $1300 per month + coll credit Send name, major, phone # to: Summer Work, PO Box 12455A, G'ville, 32604. 0* *** *SW co 4-7-5-13 ''Sexism and Literature" Campus Organized Against Rope presents Barrie Straus at 4:15 in 1226&123 of'the 0nion1o4Apil 2. 4-2-2-13 FREE SECOND SET OF PRINTS Come in for coupons 1mited time offer, I roll per coupon 110, 126, 35m4m color f44 1m. ROMO PHOTO 1232 W University Ave 376-7657 Mon-Fri 9-5:30. 42-1-13 $5.00 SPINAL EXAM Family Chiropractic Center 1107 SW 2nd Av. 2 blks from UF Dr. Steven Schargel D.C. Call 373-7070. UF insurance accepted. 4-2-6-13 SKYDIVE Learn to skydive with the Williston Skydivers. Jump course starts Sat. and Sun. of 10:00 a.m., 376-1096. Group rates and weekday instruction avai fable by appointment. 4-10-50-13 KONICA CAMERA SPECIAL 35mm fixed focus camera with built in flash and free roll of film sale $39.95. ROMO PHOTO 1232 W. University Ave. 376-7657. 4-2-1-13 CONNECTIONS Swimmer-weightlifter seeks other GWM for work-outs. Box 12018, G'ville. 32604. 4-2-1-14 FUZZY KITTENS!!! Long-haired, block & white mix, seeking stable, loving homes only. Eves. 373-8781. 4-4-3-1-4 RIDES Miami -$40 R/T -$25 O/W -WEEKLY. Leave Friday/Return Sunday -New 30-Possenger Bus. Ride Cheap/Comfortably/Fast/Safe -332-6182 -(305)221-9281. 4-4-48-15 PETS Desperately seeking11 h11446fo cute1tiger-like kistrte8wks old al ready housebroken Please ca"f13327692 4 43-16 LOST AND FOUND LOST WALLET! KEEP CASH, but please return my misc. items to Brad Bullock, 835 NW 4th Ave, Williston or 374-4054. 4-2-3-17 S petacular avings Newly completed units in Gainesville's finest apartment Community available April 1st with savings up to $83000 These apartments were completed ahead of schedule and are available on a limited basis. @xfovrb1AIanor 377-2777 2777 S.W. Archer Road Bring this ad in to receive your spectacular Savings. GATORS ARE #1 WITH US! DON'T STAND IN LINE! DON'T WAIT TO BE SEEN! NorthFlorida DON'T WASTE MONEY! Regional Hosptal DON'T STAND FOR INFERIOR CARE! SNr DON'T WAIT UNTIL MONDAY! 1 N*I3FNB 5k l Burger %S orid's U 0.k5 Ml 6King ( PicN Save Burdines Exit Ter wllegar Schoo ') Hampton Oaks IN MARCH 1986 EMERGENCY MEDICAL CENTER 6121 N.W. First Place 4 1392-1621 I I 

PAGE 15

alligansr. wednesday anrl 2, 1986, 15 -* To night!. Featuring: CHIPPENDALE CONTEST Sponsored by: KAPPA ALPHA THETA Food, Fun & Then some. Food, Fun & Then some. Food, Fun & Then BASH RIPROCK'S 1222 W. University Wed nesday 95C J-Acr UANqrLs 8-Close 372-0044 Food, Fun & Then some. Food, Fun & Then some. Food, Fun & Then i Kedshirt from page 16 whNvil nl pv ed h im the ss i t r i t Ihaster til nfrnc i (:ho pimiships last car s "euz rim rack athlctN stil rela\s iNimatiach-cd. not withc Icam. Track athltis still gt c-' perircc '4 f compcitio u whilc 1o(bail and baseball players can't participatin games because threy act icar-ori-ntcd-l sports sc while track is ar"c "'iual as cli astamti Brighten Someone's Day! F, STUDENTS $7.00 Haircuts Every Wednesday 373-4680 THE QUIET LIFE ISN'T GONE A Convenient location at reasonable rates. Poolside apartments available for summer. Furnished I & 2 bedrooms 0 Olympic size pool 0 Barbecue gas grills 0 Wall to walU carpet 0 Ceiling Fans 0 3 minutes to UF Campus 0 Spring & Summer leases available SPRINGTIME A T FREDERICK GARDENS 1130 SW 16th Ave professional managed 372-7555 Celt's defense rests case BOSTON (UPI) -Armed with walk-it-up offenses much of the year cmi m cIpponnt. statistics and opponents' praise, the while the SuperSonics have struggled Giard Danny Ainge, 6Boston Celtics' defense can make a in all areas and swill not make the arms always flailing, i the ( strong case for being the best in the playoffs. perpetual-motion man, and is NBA. Boston's opponents are shnooting in the backcourt with I -Their defense is by far theI best ronl 4(.2 percent from the field, (he veteran Dennis Johnson, who Fvv seen tie Celties play in years," lowest figure in the NBA. with has more finesse. A member says \Vashington Btiullets coach Kevin Milwarikee second. Boston is also league's All-Defensive team f Lniighers. ''That team defense is tied with the Bucks for best poit years, Johnson has 104 stea designed by K.C. Jones and it's one diffrential at 9. 1. season. of tie most effective in the NBA. --Thc eltties have the ability to Jones rotates 6-11 Kevin N JrnCs' defensive emphasis is not cmnurol the game through defense," and 7 froters Robert Paris srrprisirrg. for his No. 25 does not said reserve Bill Walton, one of the Walton at the center and o hang from the rafters of Boston toplefen-sicenters inthehistoryof forward spots. Along with Gardn becarrsr of his 37 percent thci sjrrrt. "Our defense can take a strong rebounders, they are si carrrr shooting or i.4 point per tr j nit of a s lowdown game and shot blockers, each having a gaiaverag-. force them ( ) go to th basket instead high of 9 blocks in a game. \Vhas rrally rirphasized ( fr rninig down the shot clock.Nest Jersey coach Dave dccirse this yiar. ven more than in The srrccess of Boston's defense is said, "With them having M ther ycars, said the third-yecar clii to the <iickness of its backctiirt, McHale and Parish, ou h cirach, who has led Boston to 0(ll arr Bird's understanding of the lave the size and the bodies if ctrie cach year. iiamldg and th tsize of the frontline. Going to beat them. The Cctics are fourth in the NBA Bird. like all great passers. knoiw.s Since boston s double-os im avcragirints allowed at 104.7. the passing lanes and has sipc-rior hiss ( to the Kniks on Christma bhii Ni siYork, \Vashington a d anticipatiic. which is why ie has a when their record fell to 21 Seattlie. who also happen to bc three tain-high 153 steals, ni(th in the pieces have fallen into place. ()f the fiur lowest-sciring teams. NBA. If ccrild also be vtrd the \Ve'vc played great bas Th Knicks and IBilets hart tsed Celtics player most likei to double sinceChriisticassaid Jones. Yui are in athicltics to teach for thc bnctfit cf h yicng person, \Valkcr said. -'If it is the best for t h (m cthn it is the best for GIVE BLOOD! ACiai. regional blood center, inc. 1I N.W 13 Set. O e.mF. lt 3m4S LEARNING BLOCK? LONG STEM YOU PROBABLY DON'T HAVE NE! ROSES$14.95 Doz Chances are your rustyj skitls eas a MEMORY BLOCK, Foa xrsin lrs not a learning block Let us 1005 W. Univ. Ave. elp "Bring iall back CLASSES FORMING NOW AT fI a0 409 S.W. 2nd. Ave. FmpIA 377-0014 Nafo 6 Free Garlic Rolls at a When you buy a slice and a medium drink. Offer good with coupon. TV 69 & SAE PRESENT "The Outfield" Live in concert! THIS SATURDAY NIGHT AT 2 FRATERNITY ROW! Brought to you from the people that REALLY know how to party. 1 A E & florida's RQoCk Video Leader foot-5, Celtics' paired 10-year se style of he or five ls this McHale h and opposite being superior careerWohl Valton, ave to you're overtime as Day, -7, tlhe ketbal sift I I :T 

PAGE 16

16, alligator, wednesday april 2, 1986 Louisville takes tough road to title DALLAS (UPI) -The gamble of playing a tough schedule returned the highest sort of dividend for Louisville -a national collegiate basketball championship. "I think playing those games prepared us for the second half of the year," Louisville coach Denny Crum said. "We peaked at the right time for a number of reasons but that had a lot to do with it." While other coaches fattened their records against marginal teams, Crum took the tougher road. The results were splendid, culminating with a 72-69 victory over Duke Monday night for Louisville's second NCAA title in seven sears The Cardinals finished at 32-7 with six losses against Top 20 teams on the road. According to an NCAA study, Louisville had the most testing nonconference schedule in the nation and ranked second to Maryland on overall schedule difficulty. But that was just the way Crum wanted it. The early part of the season was a time to learn and experiment and adjust. The Cardinals played on the road often and appeared on national television so frequently they might as well have been a miniseries. Crum set the conditions his team would have to face in the NCAA tournament. He took the long view -a luxury afforded a coach in the midst of a 10-year contract -confident short-term losses would be more than offset. Crum is not the first to go such a route. Bobby Knight at Indiana has done so for years, and the Hoosiers traditionally are one of the roughest teams anywhere by March. As theCardinals hugged and shouted and clipped the net on the Reunion Arena floor, the season seemed a long way from late January when Louisville was just 11-6. Louisville began the year, not with a string of mercy killings against Division II opponents, but in the preseason National Invitation Tournament. It beat Miami (Ohio) and Tulsa before losing consecutively in New York to Kansas and St. John's. After non-conference victories over Purdue, Iowa, Western Kentucky and Indiana, the Cardinals lost 69-64 at Kentucky. Three games later they were beaten at Memphis State. Soon to follow were backto-back January losses. A startling 84-82 defeat at home to Cincinnati was followed by a 71-69 setback at Kansas. Louisville was 11-6 at that point with a championship in Dallas a desert mirage. Things began to turn with triumphs over LaSalle, UCLA, South Carolina and Virginia Tech. On Feb. 8 the Cardinals fell 76-64 at North Carolina State. They would not lose again, reeling off 17 in a row to the summit of college basketball. All of which bears the mark of Crum, who constructs his schedule like a cabinetmaker. During February the Cardinals went 11-1, playing 12 games in 26 days. In fact, since 1980, Louisville was a 57-12 record during February. Winter may rage elsewhere then but not at Freedom Hall in Louisville, Ky. And come next season there will be another championship banner to show for the effort. USF's Rose possible choice as Pitt coach PITTSBURGH (UPI) -Another name has surfaced as a prospect for the Pitt Basketball coaching job: Lee Rose of South Florida. The Pittsburgh Press said Wednesday it had learned that Rose would be meeting with officials of the university Thursday. Pitt is looking for a coach to succeed Roy Chipman, who announced last December that he would be leaving at the end of this season. Rose would be the third prospect to be interviewed for the job, following Navy's Paul Evans and George Karl, who was fired earlier this week as coach of the professional Cleveland Cavaliers. Pitt officials have said they will not comment on the search for a new coach until they make their choice. In Ohio, Karl said he had not heard from Pitt since he visited the campus last week. He said he expected the university to make its decision about the coaching job within 10 days. Navy's Evans said this week lie had been told by Pitt officials that the job had not been offered to anyone. He also is reported to be under consideration for head coaching jobs at Southern California and South Carolina. Pittsburgh finished the season with a 15-14 record. Rose's South Florida team was 14-14 and finished in a tie for sixth place in the Sun Belt Conference. Rose, a native of Lexington, Ky., has twice taken teams to the Final Four of the' NCAA tournament. His overall college coaching record is 388-162 in 19 seasons -He has never had a losing season. Gator streak 6 with 5-2 win at JU Alligator Staff Report JACKSONVILLE -UF pitcher Todd Gedaminski struckout six and yielded seven hits over seven and two third innings and the Gators scored five runs in the fifth Tuesday to defeat Jacksonville 5-2. Billy Stripp, a walk-on, came in for Gademinski in the eighth, allowing one run with the bases loaded. Stripp won his first game agaist Ohio State in an 18-6 victory, pitching six and one third innings. The JU appearance was his second of the year. Gedaminski, a junior college transfer from Illinois, is now 1-3. It was UF's sixth consecutive victory. UF, 17-15, plays Auburn at home this weekend; Jacksonville, 21-13, plays at Florida State "We've had some tough luck this year," today. JU's loss breaks a five-game winning Arnold said. "Now some of our hits are streak. starting to find some holes." "We've been searching for some help on the mound this season," UF coach Joe JU scored in the sixth on Scot Marabelle's Arnold said. "I'll have to keep Gedaminski home run. in mind as a starter. It was as good as any performance this year." "A lot of those hits they got were seeing eye hits," Jacksonville coach Tom Bradley But it was Gator hitting that won the said. "But they strung them together and game, as the Gators scored five runs in the we didn't." fifth with two outs to go up 5-0. Down 5-1, JU scored one run in the Joe Caforio, John Woodward, Joey eighth. Stripp walked Mike DiRienzo to Fernandez, Rodney Brewer and Scott score Mike Barefoot in with the bases Clemo singled consecutively to make it 3-0. loaded with two out. But Stripp, a freshJose Alou made the score 5-0 with a single man, struck out Tom Donahue to end the that scored Brewer and Clemo. threat. He retired the side to end the game. Women's tennis loss to USF first ever By LAWRENCE HOLLYFIELD Alligator Writer All winning streaks, no matter how long, must end. The skipper of the United States' last entry in the America's Cup knows. So does the Lady Gator tennis team. The United States had never lost a cup race -in 77 tries. And the Gator tennis team had never lost to USF --ever. Tuesday afternoon in Tampa, UF met the Bulls of USF, a team with a 0-for-lifetime record against the Gators. Entering this season, USF had lost 23 times to UF and added an early season 8-1 loss at the Varsity Courts in Gainesville. The Bulls exacted some measure of revenge, however, with a 5-3 victory in which all six singles matches went all three sets. Then No. 3 doubles match was not completed as a result of darkness. "This is the sweetest victory I've had since I've been coach here," USF's Sherry Bedingfield said. "The girls have made great strides since the beginning of the season, and they were really pumped up for today." In No. 1 singles, Ana Almansa of USF defeated Tammy Whittington 6-4,0-6, 6-0. Jill Hetherington, the only Lady Gator to win twice, scored her first victory in No. 2 singles with a 6-0, 26, 7-6 (7-5) win against Laura Garcia. Freshman Siobhan Nicholson defeated Tanya Dubrabeic of USF 26, 6-2, 6-3, while Shelley Sniffen dropped her match against the Brahmans' Melissa Woolley 6-3, 36,1-6. USF won the bottom two seeds in singles to leave them one match short of victory. The Brahmans secured the victory in No. 2 doubles as Rachel Stanton and Woolley defeated Chris Garland SUSAN GARDNER /ALUGATOR and Whittington 6-4, 6-4. The victory improves USF to 16Gator tennis player Jill Hetherington makes a return against Trinity earlier 10, while the No. 12 ranked Gators this season. She won her singles and doubles matches against South Florida fall to 15-6. in Tampa Tuesday. GATOR BIT: Today's UF men's home tennis match against Kentucky has been rescheduled to April 12th. Track coach Byt TVMORRML Algtor Writer They are going to be saved -for next year, Gator shot putter John Turco and sprinter Dennis Mitchell are redshirting the outdoor season in trek this year, not for academic or injury reasons, but for growth and maturity. Turco, a junior in the outdoor season and a sophomore indoors, will come back as a junior in both the outdoor and indoor seasons next year. "It gives him another year to get bigger and stronger," UF head coach Joe Walker 'said. "Academically, he'd be here for, five years anyway, so it was better for him and for us." The same reasons are true for Mitchell. "This year we wer limited to the number of people w9o are capable of running good sprint and mile relays," Walker said. "So it is important for us to have Dennis around for three more seasons. Nick Rahal and Shawn Akridge were unable to compete due tolInjuries. At the beglinmg of his coaching year, Walker felt, that the team would' 'be better next year than they are this year and even better after that. The Gators already have moVed up three notches this past season in the indoor SEC rankings, from eighth last season tofifth this year. "In three years, we will have a more well-rounded tam,*" Mitchell said. "That is what he (Walker) is saving me for, so I can be a prt of that developtcheU, Turco to .-: university &tea not say for tlsese athetee to compel. .Atlset a pay for traitsportation, foodaand lodgIbg tlretselves. They will still practice and train with the team but won't compete for them. They can't score any points for UF. The only difference in Dennis Mitchell's competidow-As' thatDennis Mitchell won't be wearing an orange and white jersey," Mitchell sa4. "I am competing just as well as If I would be competing for Florida. I am still 100 percent Gator." Both athletes favored being redshirted. Turco said he would have a better chance to score points for the team in the future. "I am striving to become technically perfect," Turco said. "I am not worrying about distances." Turco's indoor personal best is 61-71/s while 60l In his outdoor personal best, see i dhft, page 15 
