
PAGE 1

The Florida Alligator Hancock Hold SG 101hn I. I-. hiatt, tk, IL(, will cOntiInut retary .administrative ai~st amt to S 'ri, HanI(OCk'. cabnit .appotiinteit tailed to receive thn. .ipprovil of the egislative ( (JUtcil recenitlv by a 23 -Vl roll 'all vole. IiW have iiot tbtngivin a sat is factory reiaton why hie was turinri dowi by the enm< ii," I-reedmini, 4ED, Sdidi. "it waS party issue. lii ty politp ma i, n thir, hut the students (leserv! VI mI flbWil will do a goodi job." Kennedy, 31 W, has 4 ated hi teljeves the basic reason (or the Count il's action was based on personalities intl Hlancork's status as a freshman. The only reason givtu by the counIc I was I atk Of I'xpe r ieice. At a later date Hancock will again he presented to the council for approval after the council ha' had time to note his work, Freedman said. 'if he continues to do such a good job and he is again refused approval we will still keep him on, 'Freedman said. One of theprojects accomplished by Hancock is the language review sessions which offer free tutoring to students In language studies, Freedman said. "'m afraid with VOTE Party it wil continue to be a party issue regardless of what he does," Freedman said. 'It Is riot party issue with Gsator laty. We Would like to let the council objectively decide if Fiancork is doing a good job by letting therm otbsel vP kits work.'' BLETIN BRASILIA, Brazil (UiPI) IAflist President Joao Go,lt ad his stafftook oreff a chartered aircraft. The 3rd Army there has yemiatned loyal to the president,. Variety Band The Gator Variety Band will present its 14th annual, Janz Concert in University Aditorium tonight at 8:15. The concert will feature vocalists Terina [Awls and Dave Carson in Jazz and popular music uch as San Francisco, Lonesome Road, and How High the Moon. All of the music for the vocalists has been especially arranged for the occasion, inclUding a new and cxPost ltairy,' Stev, Il .Ken Kern, v ait loila'. as Se retary of A< 'I*omii lent JOsai Goulart Brazil. le denied III 0' >i' eiliiii, Adii', Seniors Meet I i 1.I ti tl \e ii\ \N t defl \tt.h 1ssli ills I O ItrhsI\l th' ead .to e elo i A NGEL FLI GH T GIRL S .wiIj be reviewed on Saturday in a joint graduation Force and Army ROTC detachments of the UF. From I Roberts, Marsha Costa, Ann Beall, Edie Morris and Di BUT REBELS SAY HE'S OUT Brazilian Says RIO DE JANEI said yesterday In RU (1*II) Brasilia He's -Belaurd Pei th theI i llwsrni opposition claimL .'e had resigned the presidency and fled the country, Goulart told UP! state! writer Antonio Nasi Firumn in Brasilia in an exclusive Interview, ''I have come here to Brasilia to run the country and I am confident the people are with me." Goulart said he never had resigned the presidency. T h m e r i n n to th s t a o ye ," s i d. "T he reb el w ould -bhp Goulart was interviewed by Nasi Brumn at the president's country residence, Uranja de Torto, near Brasilia, the federal capital. His presence and the Interview belied opposition claims he had resigned and fled Brazil and that Hanleri Mazzill, president of the chamber of deputies, had succeeded to the presidency. The opposition claims were made over the government radio network on the second day of an army revolt. Telegraph connectIons with Brasilia, cut by the rebels, wore reestablished Wednesday night. The Goulart interview was the first dispatch from Brasilia by (IPI leased teletype line since the rebellion started. The rebellion began Tuesday night with the revolt of army units in Minas Gerais state to the north of Rio and picked up support throughout (See BRAZIL, Page 5) WASHINGTON (UPI) -Gen.Doution had worsened. A kidney malglas MacArthur battled for his life function developed alter part of yesterday in the Army's Walter the lower intestine was removed Reed Medical Center alter physiEaster Sunday. Leg I ~) o Council OK's Reading lut a it -m i i I ihirt, rho st,.th-nt oer itmtnt tS.' l'.lative a utilen' swift nil *nmiinols ppim il to hl' ri t I 'dliig of bucdget List session 'I thi iui ent ir~iiest'c I mcd.n nught. parade with the Air eft to right are: Karen one Denning. lii, only in I to disguisICiflCm 's t ih hl' IIl i ntt ml edt I mioti,,i bi Alidii w I., LAhit) I'ei civil, II W, to II, I rn It Inirtliin tf the special ii A llot.itIIn iis.d to 'nver *xp',ndli it e if Sn, fa.11ties. S(, S's etit V of lione' MihiwI lHoltingwerth, ii, .truck n huimotion, whitl would require $650 of the Special I.uiti to he %pent foi 'plo mt of *,piuiment" inst,',.l o( ijuipmuu.'ii for S(, cfiIce. "'t,'ase fellow'. *.hoiist. don't tiotb li,'Iolliing'worth said. "This I Is ii',a (SG Ixicutive branch) iowni. ..we'jI ha v. to ComeC to von (I Iegisintivi' untili) for any add t Iona I eq uipmnent." Ilollingsworth, G ato r Party memibir, wa~s joined in his protest by amnothir GC dr Party member, Minority I I ior I Aader iEarnl Barker, 21!. 'I dton't think SG ran buy much new equipment with $650,' said Barker, '"when you consider the price of such items as air conditioners or electric typewriters. I don't think this money wIll be. spnt unwely.' 1Th. r'xm bnhrok I into laughter wihen I'rside,,t 'rN Tem Floydi I,. l'rie, 11IW, rommri.ntedi, 'Mr. Biarkeci, I think what they're ( Pcrrival) wonderIng .ilut Is the price of det aphones."' l'ri .'s statement was In r'(ite eli to a iopnosl :at I reqimit rmeetiing it thn council to lily dirt.phones for SG; I'reside it Ken Ken nutdy' olfiv,. ih, 'oulkil refetrrut thi, IpropxsmI to th. budget nuut F inancri irniittee at that timt'. allot atIin,, reminalned the s aine am the amount for the last t rimwester, The I yceuni Counuil received lih. biggest itnrease in, allocations for the coming trimester wIth a bo~ost of $1,097 over the total for last sum met. The entire amount proposed for the Lyceum Council now stands at $3,SI I. Thi SC Special Projects fund was slashed $1,710 from the previous summer'. allocations for a total allocation of $4,140. Legishetive Council approved a $12,789 allocation for the Florid. Union. The Union hag not sitmitted a budget request to Ihe council, but pias. to by early Juno, hlolllngsworth said. FlorId. Players received tn increase of $262. A spokesman for the group said the ,noney was needed to pay for the increase in royalty fees of production and stage supplies. Total allocaiiona for the Players are $3,502. 'Go Must Be Brazilia'n' by JACKIE (()RNEI lls Staff Writer Americans think God I A merian, but right now I think lie must be Brazilian," Edward C alelli, GAG from Sat, Paulo, said yes. terday alter reading In a United Press international wirestory that Brazil's President .Joao Goulart was on, the way out of office. Il expected some kind of revolt,'' C alii said, ''after President Goulart started passing laws by himself.,,' According to Calelli, the people began to turn against Goulart alter he proposed a land reform which would utilize 1,200 acres of Ind as government property. The final strjw came when several of the army's generals resigned, he said. "The president Is afencestradp President Still Boss Affairs as ".icting New 

PAGE 2

Price Pr Council [ I NS I g riri .ii Pr1~ I \, Y, IL',rslative o lil I el isfit,ltlv(' Ir jit ,jcr yiIIn [>seflilei over laisltilits 'iiioI I rrrett' iin I,, thspi 'of (1,,Ir, ,Aoli'r, TA S ILIit (h as li i ,sinrnipgth'futm IlrsirpJnt wPjiI4 K'rp ISFmel * 56 Plans Pull Scale Summer I III scaic Sthdelit G;ivernmtyij (SG)a<t ivitles will conL~tju lhit summer~ir with all xeQ utivi *ffi rs and I OmTpIIA* {cpIinet on riudy, accoring to $6 V iee-;presienpt hick (j,,Ier. lPresicdent Ken Kennvciy Is cx ported to be recovered from his current lung ainment next tri-mester. hut if for any reason Kennedy Is not on campus, (,ober, as vlce-president, will perform the duties of the president and a new vic presidnt will be ap"Plans are being made for the spring trimester on the same basis as last year," he said. "The estimate of how many students will attend is 3,660 for the full trimester, 1,400 others for flrstterm only, and another 1,300 for second term only for a total of 6,360,'' he said. Activity fees from these students will pour over $92,000 into SG coffers. ''Three expanding activities ire: lyceum Council with about $1,000 more that, la.st summer; Florida Players with $462 more; and Intramnursi sports with $226 more," Gober said. Rather than meeting oi, a set schedule, Legislative Council will meet on call when the volume of business warrants, he said. 'It is too early to be sure which members of legislative Council will be here next trmstr But if the number of regular members falls below 40, replacements will be appointed to make up that number,' Gober said. a 4 o Tern Head I i I I | I p, ii b 1 d t j i ,' Ft II]!' b [ .1' i this F'' tint' hut I 1141 F loll F pith Ii 71 (, jijui Iii liii Iii le ne pnt trd tjj aj tlh ujto('hveill en it I SI i I I .'rip,. wAiS I iVintIy ielpt Ipi l hi iin ,1f the Maiyor's ( dlii I1. I tadership of VOTE party's tn.jor'ty IIn thw ItgislatIvE (out'iil chaiigd hands hefo re Tuesulay night' Council meeting as U I hard C. (l)Ick) Thomp>son replaced es.1.r M. ( Iuddy) Blain as majority floor leader. 'I appreciate this opportunity .o serve VOTE Party In this position," Tho mpson, 2UC, said. "Buddy Blabn has done an exceptional job as majority floor leader. I hope we can continue have undr hi adershi.' BlaIn, 31W, outspoken VOTE Party leader, announced his resignation as majority floor leader in a party caucus prior to the council meeting. Blain, serving his second term as Legislative Council representative from the law school, resigned to devote more time to studies, lie will remain an active member of the conel and amrember of the importa~nt Rules and Calendar Committee he said. Thompson, representing Murphree Area on the Council, was the majority party whip. He is serving his second tern, as representative and Is chairman of the Rules and Calendar Committee. He is a forthey Honor Court Justice. Mrs. 4 Begins i t i t iut 4 ilw \Iis. I I Ine Fn ~i Florida Boycott SiN~ (U P1) -Mtde Riep. UOV Il Po glling, 1,-Boston, has sujggestedi that Massachusetts res' lonts insider ali ecoIIomi hoy lot oC I lorida for the jailing if Mrs. Malcolm Peabody. Mrs. Peabody, motherof MaSachusetts Goy. Endicott Peabody was arrested Tuesday at St. Augustine, Fla., during a civil rights demonstration. "Thousands Upon thousands of Massachusetts residentshaVe anmwered this siren call and have journeyed to Florida anddeposited millions upon millions ci dollars in this fair state. Come on down, today has another meaning. Today it is clarion call to the God-fearing liberty-loving people of this state of Massachxisetts to come to the moral and spiritual aid of the beleaguered, disenfranchised and discriminated Negroes inSt. August Ino, Florida," he said. He charged that Negroes in St. Augustine "are subject tothe most demeaning economic and restrictive discriminatory set of laws that exist anywhere in the South." "Here AmeriCaO In st. Competition Petersburg ''I I iii 1 I 'i. I a ii1 '. i I rhi e ti! t Nt h ites mI t hkI (e t I ri irk l3'sk Inst I 1i retut 0! home. Continuing through Saturday; dUring our regular store hours, p|us 1 I pm to 2 am. MEN'S & WOMEN'S WEAR 1227 West University it Comes WATCH FOR Again!" T MONDAY! o&B,.EEF SfeW 7$ VERY ;ia Wild lif CoLL~gE CRowD 00 N 

PAGE 3

Ac ws brief Dairy Science [hreti ig ,pPrnest or th I lui, A( e[t P' ilt' al x, 91'i [er i, 'WIs I Stlit (IIIk ''T h. I ilurt oflLvn F r ovidph,.ond~ti Newmann Club The Newmn r lob ihvLmw I mghtclub afir, 'A Night iinshangri-! i,' ttur riay ii lh. ( atholic >t0udnt Cenesrm 9 p.mi. 'ttui b (ev,'ll,~ 4 oektcdl tntb,, will uIav. Thedrt s will In semiut',rui I. NOUn-nmbrs w ill ie fifth ceils. I' IL to C 5 sted mI li stiullet Ce e Club Rendezvous I I i e b .i l tilthaisp 'I, it il thl,' h11 1 thu "IlL I iii [ i kSiiIIFC Chairmen anLIFEd th ie (Ci',*ittees UCI A. L nt it Id inhllir 1,-tild we re e~ (LVII, iBtjsh, 11l ,h1t mapubeIclticijs, (jitii cl I Florida Players ie u l, .it I I ii tO II w, l ie ( t'. tolIl \ugust staidi i'l wvill ft ture llS Is rlih'pi tuitonels I e 111111 p, ll p li-. 'L>Ihlarel," limusi al comriiedv willh oriniil musl'L iii, ist re tu L s iir (hiok, ? fnd til 1 1t)liS, Miuity F trgu.OL' n Dae Ilfrtv Sigma Xi Awards 1. a e, ''e h4't s I Cit tLWII11'Il '14 IP mI Xi in uids it th i. e -It' twtL re t'ived b wiis d fla m mblisf Spring Concert t'he aruiial spring tout university ( herd1' lion .ind Ih, University Symtpliony Jr chistri will le presuinttd cv 8Uhltiai it 3 p.rm. ii Ihi 1. I i sOlOiSts wI Il it ( Viii uwel, sop r a o; .Iuannia slmior, nle',/-supz kio; WIIliimGreiew', tenor igmd dStudent Insurance lhw lost hkid.r will lie viltIled the unIveisty% sudicent insil him,' pli V, Ith, stuairnt insiraniil.ll hestud tied till. B'nai B'rith Women WIlnen t a IlW.ls lihld lix IBruiich, siiidiay, I0 a.mi. it Mirs. A. kelilh, sttt t'xplIoshin chn, imi, will I. Fujiiiiid guests. l01e .111 376-081. ror rennEnp ALWAYS FIRST QUALITY ~, 4t~ kA h '2-. *g~~ Y,4 -$ '~ -~ra~ r& is 'I -. ~ '4 A S is ~1 1 1' V --A ( A U, CI-0~ ---a. C I :1 K I? 4 V dress REDUCED --Ni> r / A4 i~I If 'I hi' 7, shirts FOR A LIMITED TIME A--/ '-i 71 I -4 V 97 --'St ------a -a -----a r 9D, 'p ii In ----.--a a a a a a -a a -. A, Towncraft I, / t 5Vi $1 *I Vt IN // Campus 

PAGE 4

r SNEAK PREVIEW .for these youngsters and UF President as they take a first look at the completed J. Wayne Reitz Florida Atlas which comes off the press April 22. The book is the first of its kind and covers alt aspects of Flarida's developmnent. It is being published by the UF Press. MGMCriff After Sonmc 16 Grill paid 16 years ago, t. (ScasuaM v isit daughter ini Gaiin~svill tid that visit into a career I', mail room. A. MvtO his tiiried the 111l M cCr 1ff, 65, wlic ret Ired Ii on, his duties yesterdIay said he likedt it here, so he applied for Job> with the University to %end his son through college. The first job Mttriff had was walking around campus picking up mall from the varlou, buildings. For the past five years he his delivered mail to the women's dormitories-. teti res Years Unlike most other nail mph, MeGrtilt's busiest time. of ve:.r Is V tlentin'', [)iy --hot (hirIstmhas. I' think every girl1 in the iormis gets V Vjlentiiie's card and some Uvehi get two," he sird. 'This yinr ci, group ci! girls ever, gave rnc ,i valentine. "It was two feet long anda font wide' McGriff said hi plaits to visit that same daughter, Mrs. hot F ralash, who led him to the Job at the university. She now lives in Washiuiglon. After that visit, he will return to florida. COOL SUMMER FUN 9 / a -K ~ ~. -''A -h* --t -Jets Intercept Quicki y Bumps Shaking Speeders rIii ] I te II! *AIr+ I[i-s T 11)1' .'i -] ii I 4 i!I } sl'lprie liriil. e t's(A IJI', ti LVslP rial rh ul 41 inI ihitfill s liv Il lii il"+ l a' Het wcldi if thoe vlogo r.e thlvinp th spingpohl ii it ostlyae 1the e who'v bee as Trivet, hae trlief d vythi a reles riers.utl d' il The sTrivthA deied tuithe~ seenums wer the nlye are maining hoe, siedin Prsiem.Cao Mthero wo Mrs. Lrer ana abt thonlyr thin e owo've up ith toslowdngpeoed. Wit five tstrancetrad onlrythiig frnign, she s tad thavllageo no arlsdrveks,.1hussvr Tloe tte str eet th he pem bims e reate. lyr rmthingp, shod re ietCao aci "The offedin hupeeders 9ard.t The lhin e riud ibe '-i take wlhe osile,u hoe ho pliemusid the village, visitorag andothierlsedr are 'ouext tor imossibl to tracks dow, Mrs.dm GSoetigthigehed hmp ouldm Ceatclong h strge,'hi Dpelarh sideause many vlagencis mus, be c on ad slitgeelah Iv',',,. K) is C> K Fl ~,A< <~>> ' NUN 'A'Av LRAH N -r S/AL, U r r 'a' I A" i --(I I --V tt, Expensive-looking ofycry SLACKS cost only $698 $798 for Ivy Thin for Ivys iio p( wHiff ~.tbe lobe LIT! (s111 *utt -~ Ut. 01 h(I .,t~ ~-~im IrIS / r L23~ 44~W 4Th~W~4 All-new Dressier N I '[ pL a 

PAGE 5

'IF EmIyelre It r -I'lw' Thi') IRighd i s ij[ [1' s I -i < i l e V t piti-, i [, e i .(0 Iisiii, y'i t \s t ( i rle s.l e. Council Approves (Continued From Page I) budrI icequis t ol ., po rmiiehst IIiI+'Ls' oiii ilio l> 101 atrtil ulhp{~itlUJI 'i <lII ienttit'l i hi' I litre Is Oti t I ea[.i, F :11w.ladr lrit n 'Icij\ I p1. l' WI',, n. s 6tu it' b) iit' *t Imus nioji .5Is list ,pummiLt' I [ "It loik, luk. we tI'ht thlt 'lila' amount ci reliiih list stin iii as tihi, year ti arkir! Blair. Allotatirins Cot Student Puttic wVIII roip e a~ tttl fi'f flmnciti of $8,6I. rhec e was no chmpe 'in t amiouit ,llocitt'd I }( lion. The choir wto get ii from student fees. [' intramuirils allo& o it juest waN slatshed $22 fromile!L sunmmner'S total fci .i totil iritihnt of $7,938 The V illlwe Mlavoi's ( cit il a U F Synmphorny 's proposed illo(atlonis amounted t(, $615. Tis is $12 less than, the amount .llo Maed the symphoiiy last stimme r. Although approved at Tuesday's meeting, the allocations will undergo a second reading and final approval when the council convenes for thle SUmmeinr trimester, In the dosing mjitinrts ci the rapid (,nt-houI sesshiiI, lie Legis lat ye Co tn, II pa sed a s;*ca I request for $145 to finance cx penditures ol delegutis t rum hn LI Arnold Air Society ttiendling the SOCIety'S nitioflal corvlne in Denver, (0Th., April 8--12. (Conti nued From Page 1) the day In southern Brazil. The revolt leaders Ihirged the uulart government wasbswinging the 'ouitry toward comnmunlsml. The first indications of trouble to comi were seen last week when a group of navy men mrutinied and staged a sit-in at a union hail until guaranteed amnesty. Goulart said he had ordered t'i arrest of Guanabala State Gop. Carlos Lacerda in Rio de Jazneiro "and many others." He said ie I \ii it\h ,I ., KII it I~ *' Iir'i, r t~~iI I' .' |1' 'II p I [ii Is II1 iL',r'LuiL l i l ci 11 -I e i t lm i t m I '! 1I sib hei ipleiii twit hi ii e huh ~OlA It'. dli L Nh Re I t kA I p. (II it ii li. k'o -k I -r ks "MOVIE STAR AND .because of a lucky employee, beams from standing", a short film acquaintanceship, ci WORLD TRAVEL *Charles J. (Jac among souvenirs he collected whi ER" zk) Helseth, UF e making "Jour showing at the State Theatre. S G President To Be Released Stu'tett (giver nmniut 'resident he, K, rnedyV will p rcbaly he re leased from the health (>'nte r Fri day or Sat urdlay, according to Steve I'reedmin, administrative assistant to the president., Judging fromt what I've seen urd heard at the Health C'enter,'' I reedm in taid, 'Ken will probabhy lie rele.sed I ritlay. The tuhe was taken ,'ut oi' his throat today indl cia seem' ci p. imrprovling. Th1 latest lu'll bu' ieleaseI is SaitAhospital jjsniiizi sid Kn55, Say cabinet mnvmbers for an emerge, s&'SSlOf. But .t Goulart spokesmianin H shla s aid the president w is det. uNmned to .arrv or' the right fr tine new { apital by "arming people.'. Military spokesmen Brasilia said flatly, however, thi would be no distribution of ar to civilians. we will not give arms to a' one on orders from anyone on pretext,' one spokesman for I navy said. niedy's coidition, was ''extlIlrit" and that he was ''up and around.' Kennedy transferred rrom the infirmary to the Health CenterSunlay morning when painsIn his chest increased during Saturday night. lie was admitted to the Health Center with aco I apsed lung .mdl gas in the pleural cavity. An is, Iiei repixi that Keiuriy's illness shoillit bu attributed to a 1Ih',h iii Dr. Ir'tmas I. Birtluy. Goular icy heuiquarttrs at F laniengo e iih indl set fist, to th, four -slt y rastructure late yeste Idiy. it W.S erevacuated quicrkIy. om The government radio said I jr-i the Army cormmander \arshal Arin mnando A rco r a, who had been, Thyal ,re to Goulart, was onferring with ms, revolt leaders near Hesende, on the highway between Rio arid Sao yPaulo on cease-fire terms. Any the LnderfBrazil's colst it Utiofl, Mazzili is the legal successor to Goulart because the vice preslAlask Ne WASIIINGTJ'N (III lay thit federal go fle (Once pt CA d is with ''unbeli.'vable"' rju:ke In their st ate. IDemrovi alit Setis. after aWhite House other offIcials that k d Hits China n ione soewiht o 11, and a li tida \(i kit',eeax It u( iS thii -iead (*uterii('-attait k igaiuist .1 m.isIv, fiia, w4t h i Nleh oiiay shidl lihi Soviet lier's "rIvisitlnist" (it,*xistu'ic. jsoltiis wipuild laud him tn th "i rubbislh hiap of list(Jry." Kirusiith,'V st ri, k hick it l'.kjng i I spte'h it I mai~SS me~etling If ii,' trici Ail itr in wnr ihiri ltuieet. ft. then me will liilveid tii I mlai SOVIt hilot touritir"tfeitsiv 'g "Ii a May Rele Need I) -Alaska's two siniators sald yesterverrinmvnt might have to adopt ., whole aster relief If It Is Ii) adequately cops' desi rurticin c ausd by last week's earthE.l. Bartlett arid Etrnesi (,runing said rout rent'' with l'res idiit fish son and $504) nil Iliiri In federal funds would he needed to restor-e both Ijulble facilItIes nil private husinisses ill Alaska. hey sali tiny diii mic discuss with Johnson thi idea of using govern frin'ii finls to rebuild private IiusInesses. Hut (ruenng said after ih' ronhuri-res: ''WM have b.en doing It iii foisigo 'Ohititil's, hil thur's mit riasoli why we should trot do it in ouin own country.'' ( r u n n o r u h i t h e r r t h q i j i k e t h e W o r l i l h i t t d i n i m i t e d th14l ctnicipt itt federal raller' in roging with its destruction. Johnson met with Grtutiing, Bartlett, Budget Director Kermit (jordion andti twarJ A. McDermott, jirertor of the 0111cm of Itmergent y Ilanning, Ic. review efforts under way to relieve stdferlng in Alaska uni begin rebuilding the state's shattered CCOln liHe telephoned Alaska (joy. William Egajl during the corderdice. Egan was expertedi to arrive ii Washiugton early next week with a group of his advisers, apparently in expectation that Johnson will set up a federal committee. Gruenmng and Bartlett said after the meeting that two pians were under consideration: -I ormathon of a federal commIttee to work with a corresponding Alaska state committee to coordinate planning for Emergency assistance and dratt alongterm rebuilding program,. -A reouest to Conress for a 150 million additional snoregraduate and ney To Under,, i 1, i i i e i People l 

PAGE 6

SNEA K PREVIEW .for these youngsters and UF President as they take a first look at the completed J. Wayne Rettz Florida Atlas which comes off the press April 22. The book is the first of its kind and covers oil aspects of Florida's developmient. It is being published by the UF Press. McGCriff A fter i Some 16 years ago, C. A. Grit! paid a casual visit daughitel In ,Ginesvillr and that visit Into a career ini ih mall toomi. MeCrtiff, 65, who his duties yesterday it here, so he ippi with the 1'nrverslty son through college. retired sadlihe ted for t, Sen 6S Mea his uirited I, 1 I ft On! likid Sjot: d his 'Te first job Mccrtff had W&' walking around campus picking up mail from the various buildings. For the past five years he has delivered mail to the womnns dormitories. ~etires Years II lIk. most other mnaii e, Mc (Iil!', busiest time of vear Is V ,lertiinu's lty hint Chtttistm. "I think every 4irl a the dorms gets a V .lentine's card anid some even get two,' hi said. [This Via' oin. g Ioup ,! girls eve', gave nr .i vilent inc.' It wis two feet long arid holt wide.' McGrIff said hi plans to visit that 'anmedaughter, Mrs. tot I ratish, who led him to the job at the university. She now lives fi W ashlingtoni. After that visit, he will return to Florida. Bumps Shaking S peeders d *lb1 t l [,LIW t st bu w u i 1 I v ie li y spia hul t i t tricycle riti*'S HWIt w.Ilii,' intO the 'tries. Ani estiimntedl lo lhildirte hv e Il Ih, village'. lesiudelt s if the village. dIP llVIdled ml their opmiionis if of solving the speeil 1 probhi m. "Tie people who Arg"t agans it mostly are the ones wh'vbeen doing the speeding,' [wl oach said. laivet ll wives, in a rotipknown as Trivetts, have tried everything from signs, barrels, and calls to areless drivers. The Trivetis decided that 'he speed bumps were the only femiaining hop.', said Presldent Carol Cre--a Mother of two, Mrs. ( arrera said, ''The 'speed humps' were about the only thing Wte could (fomTH with five entrances and only on. policeman, she sald that the village policeman was doing hihhst. With rio sidewalks, and houses very lose to the streets the speeding prolblemi is even, gi eater. I Something should be done immediately and fast,' she surid. (atchtng lhe ,fteniding xpelders .ls hard. The licensenmbri taken when pssible, but those who live outside the village, visitors, and other speeders are "next to impossible to track down' Mrs. (arrera said. Getting the speed bumps "could be a long hard struggle,' Del uach said, because mafly agencies miutt be contacted first ~2 COOL SUMMER FUN p / -Pt .afl --1,q bMI ~r1 .141 jets intercept Quick :7 I')?' u'ear II ~tt I y I Kr' $4 N r 2 t / C 2 Expensive-looking o cr SLACKS cost only $798 for Ivy for Ivys t hm Ad Pc trt pmnI'd 1414 kid -Ititi *Mtt bMw ~ n*ch do! b,. ~ ~oi~m.t~ ra r C 'II '~ g~4 D'll-ne' /1(1/ itfl/U)rItfflt%/(if IC VN"'~ ~V'>N ARAHj NAv>Wv V T S/a 0124 it 1 1 t 

PAGE 7

EmployeItor IU Star -Knelf The Itit dott th Iit. ,1 h irti xi', 1rriji pij tWo <ttthllIs I'ii) 11 Xthilt. hi jI!~, I !I I I! ''.il~' ii h[ ii l~i,. I I, LI. ~l~' ~ I, i>.h'p; ru, l''kvo, run, ILly I tiio;4ip pI o [II III' II e af ii 4 .lll 1 eL' In'' A i l l \ I' S I i'ntrI Council Approves (Continued From Page 1) ie( eI flip Ith x ''0 t lhik ut thn' iiidlret illuelst Of S i. s I i't i kt [' i Ia, i i l,i'' I / '. I' I ,,, .1I! lII I' i e ~ ~I .u 'bI! i'ha d ''I i .' it't III*" ti ilti' r ~ ~ o l -It h T NIk Red tin bi K it t tli utm h t 'i'Li 'ii Hits China *. Khi t ho siL.u' ish-iiit ietist ein lipili st o Ine 1 th Iatip w i I iut ii iiAs rrl v r ii 'Ilertd i.' or it ylad Al W. ILh iL bu i! t \ci Ii*. '4 s t >itontti P I 11. I FuiiIsi B I '-It lOok. uik.we lm4igltt, sirme amntoxnt til reiir,,i lust siunmtti I'm thits ye:,! I aO ked ci. Aliocatitis fox Studicit Publi clions tireastlI G2. I'ubli. atioti' w4ill ro, QIVU 3 totAl leal~to of $8,6-1 The w lin <ht, i nli&, 'th anmounrt illooatud I I' t oli. T thou will get $1, 12 from stiutiett fees. U IIntlamanii illot don request was slaislte, $:2> rrcII Lui stiuimerstotil fiji I total inmupit of $7,93. Th. Vil art M iy t's ( 0un111wa1 catlouis amounted to $C 3. li is is $12 less thin the irmoun[ allo-cated the symphony t ast slimmer. Although approved at Tuesday's meeting, thei allocations will undergo .t second reading and fm~A approval when the council convenes for the Summie14 trimieste r, Blain said, it the dosing flunipelltS of hie rapid oni,-hour s's smn the ILegis lat Ive C oxn' II p as 'ed .i 5Pe (iil request fin $145 to finance expendlittirem ii lelegateS (rii the tiF Arnold Air Society .ttt'nrding the society's national (oneli'e in Ijeniver, (o-o, April 8-2. Stil BaO (Continued From Page 1) the day in southern Bra7il. The revolt leaders char ged the GulaIrt government was swinging the 'duntry toward communism. TIht first indications of troubleto coni 'were seen last week when group of navy men nmutinied and stage a sit-tn at a union hail until guaranteed amnesty. Goulart said he had ordered Ui arrest of Guanabara State Go' Caries Lacerda In Rio de Janeiro "and many others. He said be 2 7 / */~ aa "MOVIE STA R A ND *.becouse of a lucky acquaintanceship employee, beams from among souvenirs standing"', a short film now showing at tI WORLD TRAVELER" Charles J. (Jo ie collected whi he State theatre SG President To Be Released Studkenlt U)vein menit Pr sidenit Keui Keninedv wilt probably he released from the Health (enter Fri day or Saturday, ACcortiinztosteve Freed mant, administrative assistAnt to the president. Judging from what I've seenp tind heard at the health (enter,', Sreodm an nail,"Keniwill probably b~e reletsed I ritday. The tube Way, tuken out if his th roat kxriay and hte 'tetli to bo igrproviig. Th1 Iates ie h'II be I ileapet is S tit,\ uspiit.II spikesmnuu mild Kina-a 55, ays t t alhtnet membilers for anemergem y? session. But Goulart spkesman in Bra.-ill a S .ni the president '4' dfeeronited to cirry on the fight from the new <apatal by airing the people,. Military spokesmen in Brasilia said flatly, however, there would be no distribution of arms to civilians. 'We will niot give arms to anm one on orders from anyone on any pretext,'' one spokesman for the navy said. V icidy's coridit ion w as "cxc.el't and that he wi', ''up and around.' Kennedy transferred from the infirmary to the health Centersunday morning when painsIn his chest Irnireased during Saturday night. lie was ud mitt ed to the HIea Ith Center with a <oliapsedl lung arid gas in thu plcm' al cavity. An earlIIr r.Ipolt iat Keninicy's illness shiouli Ib alt ribttd to a I uni-dowvnI (oniutinoi waatsi ii. ilitiu p '' "rpd ulous" hi, ttplliiiw psitiIJI lr. Tlhtomii I). ilartiay. headquarters at ilunierig' Bellh andl set fir.to ithi four -stot y st ruytire late yerte lay. [i was evau uated qu11* kIy The government radio said F irsi Army tonmmin wer C Mrsh ul Arin udo A netri, who hud bee, lo yl I to Goulart, was onferring with revolt leaders ricir Resend.,, on [he highway between Rio and Sao Paulo on cease-fire terms. Urnderfrazi's coistitutiofl, Maztill is the legal successor to Goulart because the vice presick) Hel le maki seth, ng "J UF graduate and ourney To UnderAlaskc Ne [M towIi, nak pipui, otel ki tit flh i i ,'i.usile wItknI'. \Vittibo -er o tltiuIter-.LtIi k .ijgiii't & Tl,Ls'iVt new sw.auiit 'ii his pcliciesy 1wiep ( in. wi i N onilay .tidl th Soviet I.' tie "rvi slilist"p Iixistenit, poliis wollt Iiiid hin Iii ''r "ihbidsli h,11if thist(Iry." Khripsihltuv situ, k t,.p'k it jiek<if tcit titul w(}ikirs In 1111ih ii gal rimi tJhus Kiulir hiii second rmiipipi > taks mhu could lestii ui~ SpvliI loc tjuiit(rilfeL'i iiaiiihin May Rele WASIiNbTON (111*1 -Alaska's two senl diay the ferleral govertinint ighht have new concept of dIister reli.! If It is with "unbelievable'' destruction caused by Need piors said yastertri ickpt a whole hi, adtte(ultely cop.last week'',s trhQuake in their state. l)emhO! alic Selns. F. .IIartlett anti Irnest (,rUeling said incer a White ITo use confe Frlncp with president .J ujhnson twi ti,.r out'itas that $54)( Tmillion ini federal rinds would be iirei.,i tuo t''tori bKoth public facilitill jed rlvati' businesses mi Alaskat. They si they lid riot disa uss with johnison t h a of [slug govfrrntrwit fuini> I', ,,bld private busiunesses. But (Jruem ain 'di afttn thp, eonnfera': "W4' have been idoiiC It Iii fij igii r ouniti 4>, flud thi-i's 110 rii ,On wily we struldi not d, it ii our own r ,urntry.' (,rannhnw hled tih, earthquak. ''the worst disisti I inUitfll the cold once-pt or teleril Ijlef'' in 'oping with its destruction. Iotiiuson mhet with (,r-LnIIII, Bartlett, Iludget h~irector Kermit Grdionw I. (w, rdJ A. 1'I e lrmrot t, dl reto r Of [lie office of nmergeil y? lniuing, 0o I View efforts undier way to relieve suffeing P A ask a .Ini hn-g i re~ujiding the state's shattered e(OiOImy. lie tc lephoned A lsk a (ov. williamnlI Eguu duruNg the conferene hga wa expeoteul to arrive in washlngtan early next week with a group of his advisers, apparently in exlectatlon that Johnson will set up a federal cornmaIt tee. (jrueir and Bartlett said alter the meeting that two plans were under consideration: -formation of a federal committee t work with a corrnsSponding Alaska state committee to coordinate planning for emergency assistance and draft a longterm rebuildingprogram. -A request to Congress for a $50 million aditional approI 1 I )pl li, ,. ru i y li, ,it, 14.1 i ,,1 listil. test wor ktlis, f f 

PAGE 8

w >1 (1 edlitoriasma Thejp Peuidulumn in (he ixcamblri TmounrtL~fns he hat i i14ri F, iI4pLr, I 'w i w flon andl %support of most if ft Ii'o wr Ii. It was easy then. Thi' picture was on. of Ih. fair-Ipaild ,v ,t trohnr stirlggllrl agist a tyr annical dictatorship. With our niat ural pred 11ct ion for sepirtI ng people ito groups of the ''good guys," and the 'bad guys"' we ac c epted without questiuir that, since Castro was fighting against tyranny, he must he goxid. It was almost im mediately alter the t ri umphial miar h oto ITavana, however, that the whispers began. it was Intimated that one of Castro's men had once been affiliated with the Commrunist party and rurnor, began circulating that the leanings of some of the revolutionary might be somewhat left ofthe eniter.Some ofthe more progressive rctlumnlists ventured to .suggest that the fate of the new regime Was in hands of active leftists. The rest, of course, is history. This week the familiar rumblings began again, this time from the drum of Brazil. Before the critics could begin more than a cursory evaluation of the relative leanings of the principal characters, however, the first act came to an abrupt end; and, with Goulart evidently on the way out, Brazil stands on the same threshold which Cuba occupied several Asabe government that commands the respect intl ait oth people could help stabilize Brazil's currency, improve their investment climate and help the country fulfill the rich promises that lie In itS vast natural resources and increasingly capable labor force. The Intense optimism of the Brazilian people was mirrored ini the response of Edgard Calelli upon hearing of Goularts resignation. 'Amnericans think that God is American, but right now!I think Is must be Brazilian." The optimism was immediately qualified, as he expressed the hope that the Congress would be allo.edto select the new president, and the fear that one of the omnipresent generals would ascend to the Office. And while Americans enjoy the luxury of idle speculation, the Bradihians hang anxiously on the thread of suspense; knowing that tomorrow may bring the promise of a new beginning ...or the continuance of an old evil. And the tide rises, and the tide falls. W.C.N. Learning i The Limelight EDITOR: A request for equal time. As a director of, alas, many years standing, I have never subscribed to the theory that it is simply not genteel or dignified for performers or directors to answer the critics; or that oneshouidpretend to ignore them; or that it is sacase of sou grapes if one do I admit that critics should be the only ones with access to the mass communications media. Therefore, I write to state that although re viewer Federman seemed inexplicably cruel toward one of the most Industrious groups of college actors with which I have ever worked, I, for one, have al"ways enjoyed his articles If not always agreeing with them. Is film reviews reflect thle pursuit of an interest which could develop Into something expertise. His theatre reviews, although often based on viewing a technical runthrough rather than actual performance with audience (for which he has been chastised in the pasU, suggest the possibility of a similar promise. It is in the nature of thetheatre's crafts to produce perpetual students and experimenters rather and directors Mr. Fderman' learning process is being conducted in public. It is an awesome responsibility. He really ought pot to carelessly abuse his position or his following. R?. I-. Mason, Director GREAT GOD BROWN The Florida Alligator Served by t'nlted Press International Managing Editor .BIH Fuller Assistant Mainaging Editor .,.Iohn Askins E ditorial Editor ..'ayne Norflset Sports Editor *.Glenn Laney Feature Editor .Cynthia Tunstall Campus Living Editor ..........udy Lynn Prince Editorial Assistants .Ernie Litz, Gail Sobering, Betty wendt, Betsy Garrison, Stave Vaughn, Sue Dobbie, Charner Pow.Il, Rual Chandler, Pete Hathaway, and :av. Berkowitz. Reporters .Jim Castello, Phil It 'ener, Joel Gaston, Donita Mathison, Carol Nobis, Ant, Carter, Joe sollin, Agnes Fowles, Fran Snider, Judy Teich, E'an Engle. George Mimis, Phil Geyer, Don Federrman, Beckv Qumnn. Larry Zimmerman. Jackie Cornelius. Patti Pitt. Students Deserve E.DIT ) : You have probably oft-times heard the old adage, ''They can't see the forest for the trees. With the ''canned education'' of the tr,mester system a stark reality many students have llist cause to wonder, "what are we missing?"' While the administrationsturggles with day-to-day problems trying to operate this travesty upon education, the trimester, so inflexible It cannot allow students one Bly DOUGLAS MOLITOR Young warriors ofthe trimester, your battle Is almost over. You have foughten well, and your exploits shall go down in the history of our great institution. You have defeated the ugly seven-thirty, and the mighty all-nighter has become your tool. Great progs have fallen before your prodigious effo rt. Greatest of those, the awesome I nal exam looms near. But fear not, for you, young warrior, are young and strong and the exms shall fall as exams have fallen in the past. It has been recorded in the halls of the lower division that the second year men met the enemy at the great battle of the sophomore test. Victory could not be theirs, yet they fought with great vigor and much noise. A freshman class has met the'C'' course a:elarcu"ve. Th* I. .t"ro"ps 'along with the hardened fighters of the upper division did well in battle. Perhaps you were among those who joined the companies of Delt, Sigma Nu, or Beta in Weekend action; or watched the battle of the Cobra at Seebring. Perhaps you joined our comrade at arms of the great northern army at the beaches of Daytona or the fort of Lauderdale. All joined the great one, Don Adds, in his fight against the great Tigert. For those who remain, be brave the trimester's days are numberCd. HAve a strong heart and prepare for its last effort to defeat you. Use the endurance of Seebring, the wit of D)aytona, and the steadfastness of weekends to see you through. Rememiber that this trimester will go as its brothers have gone before It. Defeat this great winter monster so you may have the privilege, that few have, of doing battle with its brother.; In the summer or fall. FIITOI:. A tew days ago, so the paper read, a boatload of starved corpses drifted ashore on a Caribbean ishtnd fromt other once fertile isle io that now saddened region. Yet, yesterday, exerislrg their rights is citizens and residents of a free country, a small group walked down te main street of this city in support, they said, of peace and incidentially announced their intentions to visit the latter island andtprOtest that there stilt existed In that unhappy land a part that ye was free. it saddened me to ee niitatken youth equate abloody [3hrants r eg ime with the true Chrdstians peace to which they so loi aw Laimed their support. I awrence S. Daley The lay tuobserve iii the m 'ruer they choose at the F sit season, studnts 'ont 'nue their edutc atloll. But this [ hornda brand education scenms to lack something that is essential in any true education. It lacks stimulating, controversial, reputable speakers. From time to time, granted, we have a stimukiting speaker such as Dr. I,. S. B. lkakey, who gave such a stimulating lecture Monday evening. But this is a rare and welcome ocr a5)01. --' -----WVhy is It that state wlirrtd institutions in other 40 .i 'a have stimulating pr igr An im regular basis' l et's look a 4 ii the University of Miniuesotus as a part of its educ ationi,, program. The 1S64 Annual \limie. sota Symposium.a 4-da; E re exchange of ideas on GRi Afi ISSUES IN GOVERNMF N r on ike UofM campus. The spake Senator Wayne Morse,<onm Harold Stassen, Presidenttul I jfdidate, Governor George ( .\ iace, Alabama; Roy Wiktr>, NAACP ExeCUtive Se'tetary; James J. Kilpatrick, Jr., \irgn Editor; Dr. Walter Heller, Administration EconomIst; W. AleiVMIlis, Pres. of Rochester Una.~v, Norman Thomas, Soci alis t, holert Welch, John Birth so iwty Founder. This has a great deal to su Imb the educational system at the 1 niversity of Minnesota, ObviOl~y, SWhy not a similar program attlhe University of Florida' Why niis it be left up to student government to sense a need for It and try In vain to set up a fine gpeae program' Why must studeli government have to belabor aproblem that should be the roncerrn of the educators who influence 111 versiy olicy The University of Florida has problems, to be sure, with .1e islature in Tallahassee and Its abundance of politicians, porkchoppers and others, still tirmhig a deaf ear toward the problena of higher education. But aside from the sporadic efforts of stidC[It government, a fruitless criiside from tinie to time by the Floid Alligator, and the efforts of 13i1 McCollum of the Florida I mios who is to carry the standard for bringing controversial, and strll hating speakers here on a regdl3 basis? We need an answer to thisjI9 tHon. Right now. ..* not three years from now after an 'adrnistration committee has lkd into the situation.'' One sge ion for a standard bearer mfib'i be the administration of the LnIIV versity of Florida. The forest to which I referred is a truly comprehensive edWSa thnamt tven, which cannot bera Touch. Monsieur Puddytat '0' A Dragon 

PAGE 9

I EAquitable Distribution or it' A So Spoke The King I I' It t n .' VI By BILL FULLER Monogung Editor StudJent Geovetnmejit yesterday irutetunced a proposal which would !.wve the bulk of student seating 1 Cootb II games in the hands ol the Atlrthc Association. (Ohly seating for 'Ihe Agitaito r, it Uth'Yt Government and Blue Key weud d l handled by bO Ilnee rthe arrangement, Cheddar thee',mian, ldiiminstrative assistant tei hue > president said. lie said liebelieved that ortiuniry stuIdent', ire well taken care (if by bp nw abil, to attend the games at The Alligator welcomes letters to The Editor from our readers. The letters must be signed. --all signers will include a telephone number where they can be reached to verify the fact they actually wrote the letter to which their 'lame is signed. --names no longer will be withheld unlessthe writer can show good reason for sueb action. p e pini'icin md i i e i t i i a itet eth 01 ego prohlenii se lurb it in the gune of a letter the eihtot a been routine iin the past, but that tlIaer t.i b (' \ii ( lr ut j it 't) ii i -( l lt a trone tow itn, ti sthe tuI l fi4 \ hlddI. pl sti mniun dp ie llt lca L)Ve lli l, whih wnii [I 'is. .0 er", swse mmi (I stiet hi thilii foi re sv. ii IihSho~ i ~eI '[he pn ps o this ila n hut t wenape Jttiliuld te tn xx .iliilgsiii] iling to .,iiswt thi cii [0lr hetonit. th r u' k H ,'tttI~ 0 te Ile we'd "it, K ~'~ I in sit,. \t"'I ll dowhit sotiniik right 1k js ill l ier W. W. I. inciedd 'uiliorm the People ii hw 'three It ,oI,., -st, MAizr'h S s ue, -lit therelv ptomiotetie' [xoduIL T'he Rmgs opinion, i pati, CK plains why he Is a King and not Letter Writer. On GtX)I FHIDAY, the heathen r Ii e 9 I tile 1101 of think Ut JW gAls the M \ar chedi to the Sea."' I 1 I e ILI3i Li v,'ry INurnt rlgmtii, m, Tthe the AlI 'A FR would asteof eff,, I tb Investiatadlemi ir verages of On (,&)43t) V NBA Y A mtemlihe I )epahltmTe'it whirl' W. A. Clark r cuT the English this letter was written, SEMINOLES ''; S f/i, 1/ ARE COMING // LIMITED NUMBER OF 1964 YEARBOOKS WILL ARRIVE FOR DISTRIBUTION AT THE INFORMATION BOOTH (ACROSS FROM THE HUB) ON MONDAY, APRIL 6, AT 10 A.M. An lkjt' ill At ri s s a *sre li ,lP \yu oe'i t jposil. 'Aftn ill,' it' sai, lipa only askinw Icr 400 sett.r Blue Key, I, (II! se ts fcu studitili governnwnilm their 'fi wi,'i'i< lit additional fit -eits lot Ihle Agit itI) I al'*doV&wCli fhi' ii5 hi Auttato itsei v spat iii ( hieddtk sit. "We were Jfr ,id The Xgitatur would oppose our effortsto 'twirl dese rvlrwa students 1 th y were not inrcluipd ill 01u pr(pXshd,' tin said. 'Flow tail thny c Tmplalm it they also git to .,t (ut thi. Vard1-11n1 P, Agtitator Flit, r, Walkmg 11und. r, igritui with ( liediti's reasonrg. ''I tcan Blink of It, tigh.r reward for our unselfish Sr rvlce to the sI udent body,'' he s aid. "We count it a privilege to shaie blocs with other unselfish servants of the student body,'' Cheddar replied that hi'was gratified to learn of the Agitator's agreement, lie .sa! such arrangements have beenl routine in the past, but that recently, The Agitator wa~s overlooked in the preferred seating arrangements and THE NOTICE FRATERNITY & BLOCK SALE BOOKS WILL BE DELIVERED ON WED., APRIL 8. DO NOT COME TO THE INFORMATION BOOTH FOR BLOCK SALE DISTRIBUTION. The mnl of genius knows what he is alinllg it; uiobouty else knows. And he alone knows when %Ometlhin) tonmes between him anti Is object. in the course of generation, for noit doing as they do, If you will bring enough to pass in your Own way. -Henry 1)avid Tbureau .y 

PAGE 10

C) 'He Hortli AJ~'jutor ~ ,Ap,'! 9 iQ~4 Fat% A Tflfl Univ. Extension 2832, or Room 14, Fa. Union r For Sale NmW lIOMIS IN PINE F ORES]. A few ready for immnediate Occu-. pancy. (,atisville's fastest growBig nlew home community. VA, VitA, financing. Hugh Edward's, Inc., N.E. 16th Ave. and 15th St. I551. (A -70-ti-c). The ii Takes Never (A-123 pw polaroid land Camer color pirutres. $40 savIng been, used. Call FR 2-0511 .-tf). HEELS put on in S miwnut SOLES pul ean Inms.s MODERN SN EPAIR SHOP s om at eional honk I. .Yes,Virginicz, there is a Dr. Strangelove" and we are HOLDINGOVERH ---2 i I" i. It ter, iI c r 127-P-c. ""JD""i "" tI)1. II F ,.& M A MOTORL~IP. F OR SA~L.--Triumph lhuiderblrd. Very good conditlon. fjS0rt. $345 <ash. See to cday FR 6-0104. 212 N.W. 15th Terrace. (A-I 29-2t-c). 8' x 30 mobile home :md newls constructed 10' x 20' cabana. hie minutes from campus. Town and Country Trailer lodge 376-2$;. W.A. Kelly. (A-I 24-St-c). 6.Air conditioner in good condit on. At a very reasonable price. For Information contaut Bill Wilcox at F R 2-936. (A-130-2-p). Army IDress Blues coat 42 mled. T'""u"e IS W 35 x' '. oiitact Shark-s Maj IlI c/o Moores Tratier 'ar k, 2330 Es. University Ave. (A-129-At-c), Thi s'GreaC For A 2nd BIG WEEK THRU TUES, APRIL 7 1*3*5*7*9 pm .'It Made Me Lof" signed Mcdi ne Grunch WINNER OF 7 ACADEMY AWARDS' I ~~~ABEST PIEUR TEEAI SAM SPIEGEL AVID tE AN lapt paopuia. A after 64)0 p.m (A-I 21-ti-pt-"F" i".weekdtis (cr1.) *I. Infri-rel rier ctor with s iphirt window, Iil un ciii. Thierno-. el, tr' toold Junrtlorn miountirg hri etor. touc I out to itn.t oul I i beri noved to it used in high yr LAw presure chamber. 4t sw sell $100. .Ten .iarrc)w land interference Filteris finm I. to 1.0 mc ronus -K ost $30 -52(10 ci. h -sell all for $5U. 3. (OIA US n isture balance -cost $300, sell $100 arid other Iniftared re search .'ppr t. C il W, .iii ker ext. 2022. Physics liept. MtO rII il Y I [. GU cc T riumph. Recent o ve rh V ii, paint, mw Vhrome. $28 s fir m. *lon Wiggins, 914 South IT'll, 272-9345. y X 1:30-It -p). MUST SW I .' Near new English Bike -Perfect condition -light, lock, basket. Reasonable 376-8648 or Schuht Village 272-I7. (A-laolt-3, MiiL 1< N 135 -HE NUE tSUN'S Mill. STORE, U. S. Hwy. l9 Cry.stal River, F Ia. -Only I hour IS mix. from turiv. literally TONS OF TOWElS AND MILES OF FABlRICS. See the lovely colors available for your home. IRREGULARS OF FINE QUALITIES. Many first quality items also, Our carpet ends are beautiful and about threefourths off. The finest bedspreads one-third off. Tel. 795-3399. (AL For Rent l arge, comfortable front cornerroom. Located downtown. Arranged'for 2 male students. Kitchen and other prIvileges. 6-459. (B-104-ti-c). FIPRNISFIED APARTMENTS FOR RENT: Two bedroom furnished student apartments. Right near camnbus. Will accomodate up to four students comfortably. Special summer rates. Call Mrs. Jones, FR 6-5636. So nearcampus you ned no car. (B-120-If-ct. Air conditioned efficiency apartnments. Suitable for 2-3 people,. $70 per month. 1629 N. W. 2nd Ave. Suitable for 3-4 people, $100 per month. ISI8 N. W. 4th Ave. Tenants pay electric only. Also available for faR trimester, Call evenings 6-4353. (B-114-tf-e). Attractive large room in quiet modern home. Ideal for student who needs a desirable piare to study. FR 2-7883. (B-lI-tf-c)Dm-i WErAVE uN. a.-m """' &f NOW*2 Color Laff Hits! First Run*open 6:45;show NEW AIR CONI)ITIONFEt) ed apts. Bedroom and balcony. Kitchen dinette, ing room on main flooi. ftil full size appliances, machines in each apartme to U"Iversity. Shown by manager -Apt. No. I. Apts. 402 N. W. 18th St. 3357. (B-ll9-I0t-c), furnishbath on and livColor wishing nit. Walk resident Campus FR 2Available for summer trimester. 62160. (B-12-St-c)mot. a. Large clean apartment, electricity, hot, cold water furnished. $40 and $65 per month. Summer rates 1614 N. W. 3rd Place. FR 2-2946 or FR 2-7366. (13-128-St-c). Clean single rooms, $20 and $25 per month. For men only, three blocks from university. 1614 N.W. 3rd Place. FR 2-2946 or FR 27366. (128-St-c). One bedroom apt. 2 students or married couple. One block from campus. Carport. 1126 S. W. 2nd Ave. 6-2771. $75. (B3-128-31-c). uthds. I'iiv aeit nc n. 2-87t. \Tot Hbiuious a p a r tune Ti t LII c, inesville available to highest bidder. Swimmlirig pool, I mile frimn C'amrpus, appoint merits Mon lay irnd I'uesday. Cai J11m Cdin at 6-d; II. (B-I 30-21-ct. 4)' NK L, (tSE located 2 from ii ( mpus, single or roomsi. Also kitchen and room. C all 2-2726 or see N .W. 15th St. (B -130-41-c). 2 --i flour liplex. tluwit InelrborhA)& studients cr ta( ultv. 6-6 94. (IA129it-cF ( I 4N -A ~tr(oflm full part lall fii shedi. Aiiy rio. of 0cC upaits $100 pe r no. 1620 N .W. 15th Ter .all .-8468 after 1. (T-I'9-5t-.t t 1/2 block Iram I aw bmijdini: lbedroonm ipartmnitt, tottiIletely furnished, kihpn etluippedi, .ill tree. Av aitathle after A pril 20. p p )-Utd. (I?) 9-31-c). Flousing for m' C I sItideits. ( le block from campus -Near airorinlitioit ni ma' library, all fai1litles for goodI Iivirng -private entrances. grid floor, motel style. lRefriger ators, somle alrt conditioners. II iversity approved. Low summer rates, Office 127 N.* W. IS Terrace. Phone U -G494,. (B-125-Ot-c). Keep cool this summer in (olonial Manor -apt. 55. F or F ringe benefits in sub-letting, call 3727918 immediately. 4 rooms, good location and good neighbors. (H126-4t-c). blocks double living at 304 Keep rolling N. 12 hours 9g per mile. Autos 58 Triumph TI 3. wire wheels, tonneto cover, radio, heater, one owner. $435. Call 376-8385. (GI 30-4t-p). 1954CHiEVI{OLE T:New paint,two new tires, perfect body, straight shift. Runs good.$210.Ron Wiggins 914 South Hall. 372-9345. (C-i130It-c). P1 ,Y MOUlTH -1952 -Two door. Standard transmission, 6 cylinder radio. Good condition. $120. Call Guy Metzger FR 2-9307. (G-130Real Estate INVEST NOW-PROFIT NOW and later. '5%; net profit and more from income property as compared with 4-1/2% from your savings account. Buy apartment units or future business property in the RIGHT location and at the RIGHT price. As little as $1500 can get you started. Consult Wayne D). Mason /o Arnold Realty 372-3522. (1-126 -U-c). WANTED: A 1958 Ford automobile -6 ryl. standard transmissMon preferred. Call 2-5980 right away. (C-I 30-2t-r). one full pound KC SIRLOIN STE AK $1.95 HALF POUND $1.50 Georgia Country HAM STEAK Grits & Red Eye Gravy 'GOCD E ATING POONE R' at the TOWER HOUSE a Car Rental Wanted NOTICE TO ALL CAMPUS ORGANIZA TIONS Requests for regular meeting space in the Florida Union for the Foil 1964/65 Trimester Sn$ iced of repairs with an F,(ONO-CA for only $3.99 plus 6-3644. (N -91-It-c). 

PAGE 11

Applications School Up In Graduate Over 1963 Lyceum Shows Iitli :1 p ii!a ip l( ii y Ii,' .ld. I i v t O I' a'h I i!1' Cost III S i i of s~~t i[i 11 ut1 I I i\ iLt I '' Iii Io GATOR CLASSIFIEDS Wanted Femal roomatefor next f lI trime~ster. Irivitv Iidrli (Nil I large umifortitblt 114111. Will iiitl S car. 2 8 8 .' l -i. WANTEA.) lRoorimflLtCto shari ll 'unditlofled apartment nt. Iwo blacks ft em campus. $70 a month -$33 per person. Pay elit trility hnll Should have ei. (.ll b-416. (C 129tf -c). One roommate wanted. Apt, for ',ummer. Air conditioned, two rooms and kitchenette. With two roommates. Call 6-0317. John (,aff. (C-129-2t-c). WAN T ED 1950-54 FORDS and CIIEVROLETh. Al l e rndon's Service Station. Located 916 S. E. 4th St. (C-83-tU-c). jHepWanted SPARE TIML. You can earn $40 a week commission by shlowimg the Viviane Woodar U Beauty Program. Call Johnny Tluriwr 376-1480. 9-5 (E -120-I 5t-c). Wanted walter', for summer Imester. Must be 21,* (atethoise Rest iurant. 1222 W.*11 Unirsity Ave. Call 6-5843. K-I 23-4f-). Services 4 C N I I 'B \<. I i i 'I -Xi i -I Li I ''I-1 8--01'p V IN IL ir L \ I 14il LI mlit this w)ek il'f lihai i p 4' I (I 'I lHvi, S. I ;aitreI. AII mtri evvlr t'i',f. Iinrge' $2.Qt. L hii lii'. i x-it Stop9. 1618 N, \, 1s1 A>. ( II -72di.( M-Uij-tt-L F. W( MEt NS Al Ti, PAThINS A NI) l)H<ISSMAFKIN(,. 'asI work and reasoaidl~e rite',. 172-1786 250-B Flavet I [I. (M -l24-Ut -p). TYPING a cur ate rates. 2)56, 8 1:30 p.m term papers, etc. I ast work at very reasonable (all Jean :376-3201, Ext. a.m. to 11:30 a.m. and .to S p.m. ( M-130-It-c). FUEL [Thp value stamps. extra fir itr lube-OU extra for oil filter change -50 extra for oil bhalge -20 ext ra with eacti fill up with gas over 'I gallons,. Mechanic on, duty. Cheaper pr-Ices for good, honest, dependable meIbaniical work. ( honk over prices before you buy. & & II Tenne o 703 WV. ('miv. riy Avye. G-9342. ( M-l30-Jt-ct. NOTICE SEIOL ENEM STAFF MEMBERS WATEDAW Interested students with some experience in Student Publications may now apply for the following positions on the SEMINOL E staff: Cop Edi tor College Editor SSports Editor SPictures Editor Greek Editor Activities Editor .tLoyce rEitor F 4 I 'lIa I 4' ii Iiihig ~tI %IPiliii. ii liii, it liii ib ii', it Lit *1 ILL I. 4,, Lit illot e t Hannaford Talks At Metng "inn i 511 yeuns Is potnudl the 1(d41s gist havIng iii industrial ictidt'it if sifity mthcds ar,' observed, Eaurlc S. Flnnafcord con,suit ant to the Am r I an Telephone mid Telegrapl Compaby yesterday told the Eleventh Annual Coiderence on Accident Prevention Engineering being held In Mccarty Auditorium through tomorrow. Theme of the conference which brings together safety directors from industry over Florida and the Southeast is 'how To Achieve s atety.'' It is being sponsored by the I)epartmenit of Industrial mnd ymtems Engineering of the (oliege of Enginiec, lg. Co-sponsors ate the North, West and Central Florida chapters of the American Society of Safety Engineers. lIannafori said the one to 50 year ratio djoesn'i apply if safely rules aren't abserved, but thai a person who goes through life with an awareness of apparent and hidden risks carn probably avoid them. EMERGENCY RI DE NEE DE D Ride DESPERATELY needed to West Palm Beach tonight.Also ride back Sunday. Call UF extension 2241 between one and six p.m. Ask for Carol in tihe office. Grup \\ I $1,000's .'jI IaE't 1I' "I t ~ Hal Hold w4'Iolhelped mikithelt vIII .1 LI'S' wvltll tljintiuet it tli 1111bi r loiln liumie, 21( introduced guest'. rhe ivor atioti was giveit bay guest -red Kin, Asst.dlIrettr C'ouncIl mnerbltrs mind gut*SIh le uffpt dinner hi fore I isteinrg to an a address by Student Body Vi President Richard Gober. After membrs Goler reviowed thi activities In thne past year aid suggest ways for the council to get a greater share of student government I undis allotted for coni o eios avid 1)eoster, ime Baliarea 00 ri natIr Iand adv Istor 10 the tounci I, prtseinttt awards. Merit certificates wei e pr ccent d to council mermbers. IDe~oster presented the new Prsdn' Award to 'ounril president Robin Sentell, The 4 aad to ret roadtIvye to In clude the names of ill ilume Flal cowicil presidents. 'Thle council th,.z presented DcC oster with a desk set In appreciation for his Advtce mnd help to the concil throughout the year. After diseitssling thn coutnili's past and rut lre act ivit's, Presi dent Sentell presented the counlil gavel to incoming president Frederick Breeze, 3AS. Counciman John ilume closed by emphasizing that next year's our'cli would have to start over and encourage new residents with a willingness to work. COME / giW C A til eilatt nto Awnht stll tills m s (hi ft 4 tisht.ilsI .:s -.iiFo i h iitp ese ti n th' Il yk i oun t I i .ai e t xt th i he rei lvi' ,ilss \littmi "Iit b titming 'She $ III cihr ni o t5( NTMiclr ri hei prfor evil' i, 1111st list 1k f thI dg' leviti will mi.m1. ,8-yin-. I inning lir oni isi will, thlt OrIIheL ri totily pOVt'l, WC tiave .ut 1st,"' said Anderson. Is probaLy 0nW of our I,'ast expe nisve at r vtiowi." Neil U an k in, Me7,o-Soprano with the Metropolitan opera, will open the season described as a "summer of contrasts.'" SAdding to the vanity hi this summerr of contrasts' will Ibe the Iwrformlinc of Marilyn I)"bow, violinist. Inl tie past v itliist presented b~y the I ,yccunm Council have hen "It is IIJIusial tohave a female violinist oil the iiniirt stage, said Anderson. The KCaleiticscope l'layers wIll return gain this summer with presuntation(i the "W or 3( of (arI Sandburg.' This return engageenlt Is In keeping with policy of bringing har k popular attratons, Andierson More Florida talent, In the personi of (jpg Stil Yessin, will addi to the summfler programing. Yessin, who Is from Jacksonville, performs or' the stage and Te prusenation of folk singers lop and i'enny Aronison, will close nut the sunmmler productions. Campus Campus Pacs S3OO Pacs sales net $3,000 to date according to James Harold Sandiford coordinator of Sales. Alpha Kappa Psi, pgcfesslonsl business fraternity, haz had lhs pacs on sale for three Weeks. 'April I' was the l.t day of sales. 'The pacs contalnirq tolletrie. for men and women hay, sold for 50 cents sad,. Smodiford said, 'f1dsyear. sales hay, beent much better titan last years. We have sold 6,000 pacs so far wnd are very pleased with the sales." Alyts Kappa P.1 has sold 74 per cent of the total number of pacE for sale. Temymaefrmtil p jewill go to the Dolars M Scholars fund. 'This is a .cholsri B t 1 t [ wit ut 

PAGE 12

r GREAT THEORETICAL PHYSICIST Protestant Dr. John C Slater To Join UiF Faculty Top Bishop To 4 | Retire Ibilt ii ,ifl .i Y iStf ,d ,i || I, I.le 1* fjit. tili(rpt Ail' hiysSI Nstiwh bUilt h prisert pIifli S Iepaiitniint It MA ,ichpltt. iisI tt4e U i'rhriOhKy, Wis AppAlfI-edGraduate Itesear h Professor .'ii Ir |i'l.l sili I' i [ji it i ti t,t, iii|'S 'i ,ie ,kf~'l fi t l 121UIl! um ithi rl'J iiv.asjt sadhtlnm, fia sear ii uec s-. I l1orv (.rouip, .irn foir rnioilths He Is iintiiciaronill1 ispe< ted it !['I lire ttug its >oliii state for his toInrktbutionls to the theory DR. SLATER di st ing u I h ( taught. i ps opal ( 'iurr I,, aiilmuiie yestetlay he will r etiz e in ( ctobier. Flu speech dhifi ulties that hinder hi preacing "persist irni endently will onhtr le.'r gr t ted the early retirement because I im having a good tinie in my wrk it prtes ding bishop." "I d10 wish I could continue,' he said. ''But ,sijc> I should not .*nd iiiniot, I belie e I an, ready by U od's grace to ace ept this nectssitv not ini sorrow but ti gladne's cf heirt at HIs will.' I pchteutberger has been spiritual Iceide r of 3.5 mi 'I i n Ep1 topali an, since 1)58. lie normally would have Iffen expected to serve as he haspresiding hishop until he rea'heli lie ~tle retirement age of 70 on Nov. IS, 1970. NEW BLUE KEY .officers recently elected are left to right: Ron LoFace, president; Mike Colodny treasurer, and Bruce Starling, secretary. U.S. Liquor R ises WASHINGTON (UPI) -American consumption of hard liquor rose last year for the sixth consecutive year, it was disclosed yesterday. The annual statistical report of the Distilled Spirits Institute showed that per capita consumption of whiskey, gin, vodka, rum, cordials and other distilled spirits was 1.39 gallons in 196:3. The per capita figure is obtoned by dividing the total amount of distilled spirits purchased -258,797,2i0 gallons in 1963 -by the total national population, inchiding mcln, women, children and Pr capita consumption was 1.37 gallons in 1962, aid 1.32 gallons in 1981. It has been inching up steadily since I9SA, wien it wa 1.24 gallons. [Diring the 1940's ,id 1950's per capital consumption of hard liquor averaged about 1.25 gallons a year. in 1930, it was only 0.40 gallons. Beer and wine consumpf ion Is not reflected in theSe (1gwa .As always, the District of Coh ibis was way out ahead of all sides, wili a rennrtadt nr eanit. intake Consumption For I~xtk who live in the Washington area and buy many out-of-town visitors alcoholic beverages in the District. But the sales figures are divided lb the report only by the official population of the tDistrdct itself the result is about highly 800,000. 50 misleading. Nevada ranked second in per capita consumption with 4.02 gallons, Alaska was third with 2.38 gallons, Connecticut was fourth with 2.19, and Delaware fifth with 2.03 gallons. No other stats broke the two gallon mark. New York, Year California and Massachusetts were closely grouped with 1.51, 1.85 and 1.88 gallons respectively. lowest per capita figures were reported in Arkansas, .68 gallons, and Alabama, .70 gallon. A that gest breakdown by December is liquor sales, second, pattern years. months showed by far the bigwith November and August thIrd. This has been consistent for 10 February is always the month of lo the bovious shortest. west Coflsumption, reason that it's ATTENTION COLLEGE 18 to MEN 20 MAKE $100 A WEEK IF QUALIFIED! for the Hie WS 'I t*Kcher of William 13. Shocklty, a 1936 Nobel Pr,.e Winnern Pthysics. Is appelltment here is In the University's Departments of Physics and Chemistry, headed by Dr. Stanley S. Ballard and IDr. Barry H. Sisler, respectively. Dr. Slater ha,. long been assocated with this nation's highest learned societies for his scientific achievements and his scholarly work. He becomes the second memnher of the highly select National Academy of Sciences to join the faculty of a Florida institution of higher learning. Both are at the UF. trading at the University of Rochester, and took his doctorate at Harvard in 1923. He joined the Harvard facultyin 1924 and became head of the MIT Physics Department in 1930. Except for a war-time period of service with Boll Telephone Laboratories, heremnainedas Head of Physics at MIT until 1951. He nmw devotes ruiltimne to students and research with the title Institute Professor, the highest academic rank at MIT, forspots j~acigcr.cos &eio ERELLI no0 *vIilabt. at TIRE CITY BR AKE & FRONT END SERVICE Alignment -to Students 6.00 Special Prices on Front End Repairs TIRE CITY NVHT'S IN THE APRIL ATLANTfIC? "Must the Colleges Polite Sa!'' John 1'. Rule. lorrne, Dean at M I T in a pruvocotiye arti( p says T Idny a student the right to have a girl its room is to punish 'I'm ior what lie might do with lie, "Us.A. Revislted'"' John Dos Passes takes a new kajeidosropic vgew o our country -its turnpikes motels huge publicity parties, and sorn, I, the men who have brimed the sinews Pheb*-Lou Adams"A Rough Map of G,.ece'": The firs' of a flew series on traveling in Greece atone by car Real caviar f'is for Inia. for othE r develop ingdntions inte Ire world. economy lenceis th, everyday job of Th. Atlantic's *dltors be it in tic tiorn or tact. otry increasng nmber those mn oursuit of N academic excellence find mn Th. Atlantic a tiifgad eniht O emnn compianion SALE Get your copy today Now 5 6 1 11 t < rl i Nai 

PAGE 13

22) A (NN LAN&v Sportt Edtor, e ll, <>ther li lpii iwn sa l iir .t I i' ri r ,L it. .... Playoffs I Ii ar is I I' Is ilwivs iuii 'his is ,is it I[te bwgwr t .tfriiitif%, or \ow, with ~wrk --thpl it Wasdh't I ,tbtit s, 11nd Ilhe ttierii 119gator By GLEN Sports N E Sponsors LANEY dtor i' I Ii I, I I 'i'' I, ii LI' Set ~y ti ill t i t II hi [I Il"'"I i i 't s.rhlie i h 'i l t Lia I p[ I' t i I II n t Miss State Falls, it' (juo hJs.io nutth u. I I Iiar b th ilkirir u,ib~i t iL ItlieI i'ii, s ttih1Io. wiih tI trophy. WVt are goinrg to mak it min .mucit I! I'. uliehe, b it ritt>inities imdh doriiis will ,apply Iii> kmcli ot plivi (I oilher sJIOI ts t i ,flnpuil is up to thieni :ld the iztramriurils (lejil tmiiant. We are satisfh,.d it tits ecnd thait wV hive 41pEmii'd 111m*11 whllul in this area. We hope It will contirup to gr(Mw uniitil All tie spurts ii iv. one. ...declared chamipiuii of the namlpuis. Not only will it txe a hocmt to the teami tit WILS, but it .alsi will In .shot in the arm~ to an intramiurals progrru fiat is already coishierI ule of thle best in the south. No Co-operation or course if these matters were left up to the Intramural depart menit they would never get done. We tried to enlist their help for this tournament, but they would have nothing to do with it. I am sure the reasons they gave to me for not sponsoring such a contest were quite valid to them,. However, their excuses sounded like they just didn't want to bNther with anythiiig that would take any energy this late in the year. They have gcwxl ot ganizat on over there on thit first floor or the gym, but if they keep turning down new ideas they will hecomie stagnant. A stagnant intramural department cannot he a good one. Kappa Alpha Zeta This time it is no jok The Kappa Alpha /eta Tau Alpha 7-5 I league softball game. T In This gave the Thetas Theta Downs Tau Alpha 7-5 e. league crown for softball. 'hetas beat Becky Reed was the hero of an Oange the game &s she pounded out a an Oangegrandslam hornet to drive in the winning runs. Kathy Wobie was the Orange the winning pitt her. II| \I \ \I .il\ \ 515 'it S;'11 IS u i li'Y sloll i lG t r Ii I'i lilyt (h wiji etikoisi t ilt' (,atr.1. split ini their two-wilme series with thi, Bulldogs, who bid i mpturel .1 10-2 dels iou Monday. Stite outhit F-lorida, IC -6. But coach iDave I. tller's team came uip with some sharp defensive manieuYers to boll the Bulldogs to a single run. The Gators were charged with one error over the afternoon, a definite reversal iron, their sloppy, seven-crror performwire Oin Monday. A sudden five-run rash in the fourth inning boosted I lorida to the victory. The Gators senteight to the plate and connected for hail of their total jilts jn the inning, which destroyed a Bulldog I-fl lead and insured win No. Jim Dncanled things off and was hit by a pitch. Allen Trammciit backed a single to center, Dunrajn stopped it second. Each advanced a base when Bill IBlonmgren lofted 3 high sacrifice fly deep into the right field corner. Tom Shainnon bounceS to pitcher Ken Tatunm, who fired back to the plate in an attempt to get lDuncan, barreling in iron, third. The throw was in time, but lDuncan induced the State catcher to drop the bail, and tied the score 1-I. Shannon held at first o" the fielder's choice, and Trammiell scurried to third. Earl Montgomery followed with an attempt to squeeze Tram mcli borne rrom third, but Trammell was throwni out at homie a~s the cat (le' mN waged to ho ~It onto tie ball. 6 -1 Playoffs jit .V uIIlPt i.Ili' iii Ik ii vs ao againsi'awhs ,ffred ttit )eop, tit Is hive ilIPii might m: Ie involved. Lid. I antiot f i majority tiilli 51k 'L hitti, or II ke thi. Id.'. Vt'(hit RON CREESE .Gator second soclker hustles down to first base. the ball however outsped the speedy Gator and Mr. Creese was out. The Gators came up with a 6-I victory to split the two game series with the Bulldogs from Mississipp1 State. The Gators next travel to Alabama to do batIe with the Plainzmen of Auburn. The Gators in the sixth singled, stole on a single by added a final run when Montgomery second, and scored Morecroft. Anderson, who hurled five shutout innings for the Gators in relPif of pitcher-author Jim Biggart, was credited with the win. Still leading the E asternit ~visioii of the Southeastern Conference (SEC) with a 4-0 record, the Gators go to Auburn tomorrow ror an important two games with the Plainsmon, who are second in the dlv is ion with one loss. State 010 000 000 I IC 2 F Ii. (JUG 501 000 U 6 I Tatumn, Med ol (7) andi Bigg art, Anderson (5) and Smr~ith. Porter A SPE CIA L EVE RY DA Y Townhouse Restaurant 2204 S. I 3th, 3 376-9904 complete carry -cA service Cagers a ~Favored Olympics Ae N Hy JOIN GRIFFIN UPI Sports Writer NFW YORK ((PI) -The official trials for the 1964 l.S. Olymnplc basketball team begin'ltursday when 96 athletes begin comnpeting at St. Johns University for 12 berths on what Is expected to hb. a gold medial Ul.S. basketball After 12 games -four *ach on Thursday, Friday and Sahilrday a special ()lynipic selection Coinmatt.,e wilt il down and pick 12 players, plus sly alterntn, to compete in basketball at Tokyo iii (ctoher. The United Staten has been allconquering in basketball Slince this American -invented sport first entered the Olympic ,rtgram i.i 1936 and, in fact, never ha loSt even one game in an Olympic baaketbali'tournament. Despite an increased chaflers. from other nations, espncIally Russia, the Yanks will be Weavily favored to win the title again. ip 't. ry of U se il .[ t. rt r ., e, r -e "" '""'" uoteetlughtrophs tilt. \tillmlig 10,1111 \ heanum, l w]Il het la il.hsi Ilel111M1 t it' aliar ij [li 111]; 1111 Fr''| rnent. \c tu ill s rh. I, 4 i in a tia u r r 

PAGE 14

JL I tr%(i~ UF Track Team Wins I 'I I P I! It'll> I thlk hi Ft all' ill I I ii N Lds \t'{ t000 Kki itte hiii 21)' tete tilt ieth I ,04 > ut t Iagti pO MutitteI <Tv meets. H iejler hNI leap5 of Fo mg This Is I [ high (or this event t young trick season. 23-feet 2 it, Ae .li Ij-reet-4 Th. varsity took both Li r'I and and one-hailf 'II t'sreptt lively. (jooalyear '401 tltt mtilQ in' 411.'J .nd thie two rrnii. ii 10<0111 time of 9:31.8, bitteIn'g his timh in tht FluridaP rliys by 2 seconds-. F reshmiul [avid Vwilsoni, the two mile iin 1:34.7 smaishinK the old mark b' over 2$ seconls #1t by Don Gagnon in 1953. I larry Witikle r, I reshi,.n Wns ketball plAyer, won tour events. Winkler, a decathlon man, took the shot put, discus throw, javelin rnhiJup Ininy ordan, fleet (;jtor hiltserondt ig -inst F urmian in the pole Vauit. ('each 'ercv Heard said after the nie,'t, "'This looks uke Its going to be good SPAM'Ii. On' iiataiii [ete Rowe was out with an iniurd ott ack And Jerry Wilson was not jbl.' to compete in the jumps. several theirsrs were sick, but I think they willitt ready forceorgia f torib!, saturday.' I leld events p2 *m will start st ate oii at 1:30 and running ever'ts at 2:00 Bighamn aSouth -4 Bigham section iBeats IY, of flume llalj wrapped up the dorm league softball championship -s they shellacked South IV of Toibert H all 19 -4 Wednesday at Beta Field. Bighanm jumped off to a quick 3-0 lead after tihe first twoinnings of play, capitalizing on the long ball hitting of Mark Springer along with two South errors. The flew champions tallied Is times during the finsi two frames to put the game on ice. South did not help matters, committing $0 errors during Bighan's spine. Leonard Hall and Jeff Pard., ledi the victors with three hits apiece. Phil Copare,Tom Gateway, Cal Reichelle, and Springer added tno sallies each. Pau Fetchr a erry Scott contributed losers. two hits each for the PH IL COPARE ..pounds action out durI ng c hit in the playo of the dorm league ffs fi nals. .Willard .Sigmund FUTURE WAVAS JB F RE UL PSYCH .D. H. Lawrence GO TELL IT ON THE MOUNTAIN THE DEA TH PENAL TY IN AMERICA ..James PROPERTIES C ..NeviIle Freud Boscom Mac Leish Baldwin SALE .. In ra iton l grayblue tar DURING 01 CLOTHING oxford cloth. SOCKS BELTS suirs JR MOVING REDUCED 5.98 7.9 apered model Dacron & Cotton salids, SALE ALL 30% TO 60% OFFI Traditional 4 11l.95 16.95 17.95 *. .reg *.reg *. .reg en spring-weight Models 19.95 24.95 26.95 )cran & cottons, Dacron & wools, solids olive, stripes in navy, blue, in blue, olive, camel. A wide section subtle prints and of patterns. .reg. 8.98 re::;9.98 In navy olive and black. Sport S 3.95 ( 2 for 7.00) 4.95 (2 The latest pleat, hanger coop and Wi NDBREAKERS WALK SHORTS SNEAKERS for 8.00) 4.95 5.95 body, box madras. reduced C. 4 :44 U V le'dthe iveliri tilbrn/ I' bT.clears I event for the varsity SCOTT HAGER ~he bar at 13 feet the UF Il CLEARS this season. THE BAR and three quarter won two meets from inches as Duke and he The freshmen won thetr meet against sets a Furman. new high (Photos Furman in this and by Johnston Photography) 19 New in The Browse Shop Quality Paperbacks OF AN ILLUSION & BEACHES .Archibald Slacks THE POST-FREL'rANS ANALYSIS .J.A.C.Brown & THE UNCONSCIOUS .Bedau I eculical & Reference *. reg. ..reg )E COi CREATE. in fine short sleeve shirts. With tapered Stripe, 5/1 inches. (110 hiuad lump See What's 
