
PAGE 1

THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR A A I 'Cc7 71kW -... I 

PAGE 2

7 a 7 Sa(e &4/' Easter -like Christmas -comes once a year. And, like Christmas, this Holiday has its own Santa Claus. The Easter Bunny is to April what St. Nick is to December. Is there an Easter Bunny? If there is (and no one has axiomatically proven whether there is at isn't), how can he be reached? Or. .is the Easter Bunny the figment of a child's world, the product of an infantile dream -not real at all. Is the Easter Bunny alive? Does the Easter Runny exist? Here's one way of finding out about the real and imaginary qualities of this rabbit. Like me just pick up your pitone and dial. Nh hand surrounded the phone, the other hastily dialed zero. "Operator?" I timidly asked. 'This is the operator, isn't it?" I again questioned. "Yes,' reaffirmed the voice. "May I help. "Well, ou see," I began, "I a e a problem. "You see," I rex iewed, "I want you to help me get in touch with, eb, someone." "What is the party's name?" I was asked. "Uh -it isn't exactly a party. But I like parties, don't you?" Again, a wordless pause, this.time .acompanied by a giggle. I guess operators don't like parties, I thought. ..-"What is the party's nam, please?" ehoed the voice from within. "Bunny," I replied. "Bunny?" I was asked. "Yes, ofato r, I confirmed, m' voice bit uncertain. "Tunny B-U-N-N-Y." "And the part s ffrst name, sir?" th ~pr ator politely asked in ai tone possessig both amazement and confusion., "Oh, I'm sorry," I said apologeticaly "Easter. Easter Bunny." "Easter Bunny?" she asked. I( did bear y U say Easter Bunny, did I not?" "That's right," I affirmed. "I'd like to speak to the Easter Bunny." "But there is no such thing as an Easter Bunny," the once-composed, now-disturbed voice intormed me. "I mean there is no listing of an Easter Bunny in the phone book. "But information told me to dial operator, operator," I informed her. "I don't want you By StanJackn to connect mexith thcEaster Bu ny You're probably too busy to do that All I V ant is the phone number l spcll It for you again. That' sunnyM B N "I kno V how to spell injected a disturbed voce "But .well ho.old areyo thy shoudthat matter Isked stilt Onccalin ay fstf laufht Ihich 0 we?" I d t t HIS phone number," I replwant is ." es, I know," she anticipated. "All you want is the Easter Bunny's phone number." "Uh-huh," I answered. "4ase, listen to inc for a iIInoI she pleaded. "God created all of' us AI of the pt'ople of the world, all of the dniul F the wxorld -cNcn the world itself. "He created sadness, happiness, xxrk, ji ure, health, sickness, little girls, litilc bo s "And bunniics, too?" I nxxondclrinvlo .s1Jc(d. th s,' c' perator rem0.iArkc' '1 i lt ni)11lic's too. "Ccitt in d I s aIre set aside to ic Lmledge ceIrtain cx cents. Christmas is one such dI. Easter is another. And for Fastc'r the honny i ymbolic of all of the wx wonderful and heanti-th e have to he thankful for. "F.Jears and years -oh, hundreds and hurdsof years -the people of the wx orld hv e een celebrating this occasion." "u enthe Easter Bunny is that old?' toal amazement. t rightthe operator replied, appar athnkngse -as well on her Aay out of Iy tiuhled inquiries. "So you see, the Faster Bunny -real, but not alive -is much too old and much too )busy to speak to anyone. "-ut e knows that you're asking for Ihii andis thoughts like yours that preserve the. adton of Easter." CS. eepishly admitted, ashamed at my not having known as much as I thought I did -ashamed also of having tried to instill farce into an event or wonderful joy. Even if the operator could not give ine the number of the Faster Bunny, she did give me the insight and appreciation of Faster that I had lacked and needed. She gave me a genuine belief in the reality -if not the life -of all of the millions of Easter bunnies throughout the world. THE FLORIDA ALIGATOR MAGAZINE SECTION University of Florida April, 1962 This special Alligator supplement was written and produced as class assignments by students in the School of Joumalism and Communications. The Alligator is especially grateful for the services of Journalism Professor Hugh Cunningham and Executive Secretary of the Board of Student Publications K. B. Meurlott. Staff members for this issue include Bill Adams, Clif Cormier, Bill Curry, Carolyn Dart, Stan Jackson, Lucienne Pirenian, Sara Todd and Frank Westmark. About the Cover The Campus Beautiful is beautiful for many things, not the least of which is the UF intramural program. One of the highlights of that program each year is the spring water show. Our cover today shows some of Its parlicdpants, members of the Swim Fins and the Aqua Gators, who join us in telling you, "I's that time of year again. Come on In, the water's fine." Oh, yes, the show's called "Wonderland by Night"'and it's to be April 27-28. 2 

PAGE 3

by BILL ADAMS 111 M Cn i S Iamll)I rl\\it h tile NOundI) o 1 iiusic On tile Florida campus, it's G iiCole. Nir. Cole isn't Imusic instructor and he isilt a MusiC ior. lie isnt even a student. lie's tlw L itodi IIi i 111iidiii "i, home of' thle I )pai t inlent ofI \ I uI I .C \iost ans tiim IOf the eek I can listen to About aiy Lind ol music I \\ant to. I just ci into another room to so eep and dust. \nd he1 h.s quit iA chiiice, lie can listen ai a great s iiety ot musical groups from the Liivisity miphi mi ( )iOciiest ri to the ja// oF Ihe Gator N Ariet\ bland. ('tuess ImyV LIWri-te,''said Cole, "ish (Oneert Blnd TheyI piII different kinds of imulisic, suih as imar CLies and 1'aiiiliar sons lie heard for a l(n, time. A\nd right lie is, fOr icc irdin gim to Conrad 1LitislChka, director 'ifl die ('iincert Band, a L F musie library ii itli omer 6,000 choices ifers quite a Urict0 Of music. The library is mainly composed 4i shedt music donated to the sihlIMI bi C I hiirold i in iani mir tt i Ci ritus i0i' the L ni ri sity m( I l ih da iinds. Another mimb .of ti (Gator band tamil' wihlich 5 isiel1 Inown ii iibill rIiLshin n and soplimoinirc ima11 students 1 tiw Mliit iy lind. It is composed of isic \rmy and \ir Iorce RIOTC cadets. Thos selected for this group meet with th band instead of their bLasic military drill Lsctions. Th c iLL LiCmiiisicil military ])I ndsimien. anotherr ri iifis the c ophinIc Band. Repertoire lii this renou leL muiiiiisirii org-iii i/ation is selctid from the finest lierature available for blind. Thes play svcr.ml Limicerts a simnester mn catmIpus anL totir tih' state (Itrnin the rLik b(twecn SemcestcLrs. Continued on next page OtEAIof1~u I 'U 

PAGE 4

This particular musical group, which is formed each Spring semester, plays music of a lighter character to outdoor audiences in the Plaza of the Americas at twilight concerts. It is composed primarily of members of the Gator Marching Band which is broken up into several groups when the football season is over. "There isn't much use for a marching band when the last football game is over," said Lee Barnhardt, who plays baritone in both the Marching Band and the Concert Band, "so each spring semester I have to decide which other band I want to be in." "I enjoy being in the Concert Band, but nothing can beat the experiences you have in the Marching Band. XVe travel quite a bit both in and out of the state and a Gator Band trip is usually quite a blast." Ambasaors of UF hiehard l3owles, director of the Gator Marching Band said that "even though the main function of the band is to perform at half-time, it has also appeared on nationwide television, in the Governor's Inaugural Parade, and the Gasparilla Festival in Tampa. "It is truly an ambassador of the University," added Bowles. The "jazziest" of-the Gator Band groups is the Variety Band, which specializes in the peculiar sound known to disc jockeys as the "big band" sound. Membership for this group is by audition, as in the other bands, but i especially selective. Smaller combos within the Variety Band give maximum opportunity for improvision in jazz, blues, Dixieland, and other areas. But all the sounds of music in Building "R" don't come from instruments. There is an equal variety of vocal groups, including the University Choir, the Choral Union, the Men's Glee Club, and the "Singing Sweethearts." According to Flwood J. Keister, director of the Choir, "Vocally qualified students have a chance in this organization to receive specialized study and opportunities for performance." The Choir has performed many major works inchiding the "Requiems" of' Berlioz and Brahms, "Elijah" by Mendelssohn, the "Messiah," by Handel, Verdi's "Requiem." This semester it will present Haydn's "The Creation." "This should be quite a performance," said Keister. "We will have special guest soloists from New York and we will be accompanied by the University Symphony Orchestra. Coh ipers John Day, one of the solo tenors with the group, said that even though the members try to maintain a certain level of dignity in their performances, things are always happening that "spice things up a bit." Day recalls that while the group was on tour in New York, the group faced a minor disaster. "We were right in the middle of one of our best numbers when the male soloist forgot the words and had to improvise. This resulted in A set of fairly risque lyrics which proved to be too much for most of the members. I didn't bother to listen to the audience reaction." Amusing incidents seemingly alrx ays happen while a group is on tour. Audry Jones, a member of the "Singing Sweethearts," recalls that while the 3-) girls were presenting a show in Puerto Rico during semester break, it was impossible to keep a straight face during the last hajf of the show. "We had three costume changes in a row, one song after another. After the first, we had to change into evening gowns, and then for the third song, some of the girls liad to change into short tight "tiger" costumes. Ta blaze of gridiron pageantry, the Gator Marching Band, with the fabulous "Gatorettes," forms a man with a horn to play "Blow, Gab. riel, Blow.' Men of the Glee Club pack the busses for a tour of the eastern states. I I 

PAGE 5

'One of the girls rushell int;ler 'dressing room after the first song and put on her "tiger outfit and rushed onto the stage for the formi'al number. After seeing her mistake, she ran from the stage and wile trving to change, she ripped out of her outfit. She ended 1I) singing her solo from the wings." Dr. Del Sterrett, director of the Sweethearts, added that "while the girls get a lot of iamlable experience in the group, they mainly enjoy themselves. And their audiences, 1shether in N i 0ssau or Panama, enjoy the 'Ssecthearts.' Thy(v do a tremendous amount of public rcations -1ork for the L iversity.' 'The 111ale couniterpirt of the "Sweethearts' is tile Men's ( cClub, directed iw Gus B. Webh. '0his 01FOLp t 1oo IlS toed e\tensisei5 il the South St, C ba, and \aslhingloll I.C. It is q'iilnposcd of tacited m1 1from1 Al mlajl'Or sClIlIS of stldy at tie Ln L isersits. Yes, 1i. Coh(, tile tcistodi'ill, des Ine (quite a Clitt ( ifsic, 11t tlht surprising fatt i halt Only a Ncr 'fw of the lbIlillers of the \ Ar11 llIi lli m sicA group arc 1mu1i, majors. The1c llnicrsity dIoes 1nIt inac ((dicc (d Music. Ilt' h i'pa'ttlint o Music Ikis abrtil of tile ('4ice of illce \rts. ,111mic jov A// Il .1 ;, ii hil r i l i jr t iz (lo lil lI (>i r mic se rgrilfor ee~lig l~g '111 P 8H,0 \il .Ifirst cailit' ltre, lie slid, tile llllsic staff llad oril v ti-cr Inellbcrs t) lme't the ncc'IdS of 10,000 students. Prt'sidilnt J. Imilis Iiller believed tht cecln though ltle ,tuldenit N\Lrenot lerc to tud\ mw'i, le -Alould llat\( thc o pp)tunit\ t ) atic lpt ill Illusid it to it its.' Under i\lics p0igrai, tlle stiff ittncrstId .1 On' still C'st i from ti ret t it fiftc ll. "Il Irt'eali/cd tilat Ilcsidcs qlinltity, we nc'eed ed (ulitv, lot a uniersitve cNCl xperic'nc'. We nced'd a cire (iL pO'fp e ( il i'Were' stud'in ,1111i' to sttr c' is a inuletiS. 'iiat reinired a progriin thit ()fTered s(iii c'()rt of music degrc'e. 'We\' ii ll e r1 lls I toll'g' of 1111SiC ltere. Whn .i.U. an tltLe Uniersity ser inade coCilational, tily tried to dis idc' things up equally. N\ ith an attcilmpt to ltCs t' the lmoIire establislc'd prograis wht're thy' 55 crc'. 'We kept on -clgin0ccriing shoI alm 1.S.U. ktpt Ilthli C('lce (if (If niC. 'l C lit 111is 011ti1 j'irpogm1111 11\ MsA ing that Nwc shold o l(t compipmv our neceds to those of anotitr uni rsit bI it to Sitisle te ntds of our cONi 1 Studlnts. Balimall continlicd "In prCstnting its ptUblic concetits nd rccitls, the Dcpartnc'nt of i\Iusit 111is tio objcttilss: first, to bing to the huildireds of participlIts I 55 ide Sarity of Significant ullisicA experiencesS secOd, to offer wVorths CUtItrl xper,1 lt itenceS to the students, tit Ittlty the ltemlilbers of tile Cotxlnllillit, and, to a i11r tl'et'. the people of the State of Floridal." The director cllncldd,5N ills c a sounLd of llusic o tlhe caipuis of sluil all these illterests callic hjsty proud. Ihe Variety Band swings in a campus concert. 5 

PAGE 6

Where The it the L n it ersitV (Of jumpe P n1 i inch albote th111, ml ct istIl ini' has \\is 1W 1() 1 1 Is ll(H lIli A-iha -'siIrts bt,1\ the cIIIale itn11 anIl ()I It on)ilit I I ta I and 41 Ott" By Ltiiienne Pirenianr .. .y. Imitdi 1111 limnlst I A lfill in tI. ,prin s II;I 1 shi irlidl in sm i it( I tht1 bs li t IIlrI s ldmid is i n a 11ll IIshions il m1'lm li t' I r. it l i l ilt 1m11l1 hI' i. ii I I IIc "till ii1 1 il ti l t IsI rId .(; I s I 1 I I s1 111 1 1 1m lit ) I wk I i 1 Is11I ni titi's h1111n I ti I r I ti-.Is. \l i I s, I Ips I tI ( ,.II 1n imI huh lst i burl 1<11111 ilmn t t h I d Is'll i in ll k s. I l)'issi's 1nd11 sh rts m1111111 111ille thtu i i'r. II(t [I,[1, 11 \ t. tIll\ till. I ) i ll"" ,I IIk "II (1i, I v ill" I tIII I til\ ( I II-li Illl iI li I IsI I thit'. I i ll liI i lir(It' t h i in lctilts lilr L i /Ini It II I I(Iti til' tits I i lit till'1 11 II\ It Uliis, i t its 1 ii liic lilt ii I1' \1 d \ ill i ntinl Lo horri k h1 S 'k lri.msi It's I i It thin t' I h111 11 ii itiii 1i i Ii irAtis i ilurillilti rhrt slitliti tll ivist"i\(. 1 \\1i it t 1 I Ilt i t tI' is .I I \ 11111 t isk~i i ii Lii' Itt tlts !'s 1i t t ( Id \ti\S( 1111 11,111" d, nts iW L 1L \ il htii r r tudt ii t isi 1 t I s l'i(r \ t u i \t I I II p in WI (ItIJ' II d1\t \,itt Ilt 1.11211(11'1C. itiit Illms riti il iii, hat me ilt c lnoo thitti 1 ji~riiiii i llt s .' li ii' I~\i'j t t I 111 i t t ire ior too ,L \\ ilurnc h in t he llcd rin ;Iit In ainl' c ish iots b ir dsin.ethe l'indea t s.\iii' hale aimall is L c 'In 'I'att c heed. aIt ri tS ri u h, Pit allt dh ghuritch chne tae tili id Ncm h 1\c Iw m ith drs ha i ntdm Ir ier d slith .Ill inck] A't rn'tl h t a t .s \l at\es a b lhut fila, beil, il s pr m i askills.n t l er .n cuffs ation A thenk s t er ioh o tiecht las I ,I I h mat o itnll'rnx'1d .ti, s eaon t ey arc sniar int lies, hte aloimin oeishe 'ine )Ill( int l(h I S Siu o .r bl \ t ~ t J se1 L i the siiSri tic ind ttmel i trodayisneither tnd) it on 11nmiiAsts loinga angh e dinebiack hgrdul.Proabyt hegcd.tclag roiis ,e\nin tro srs lhland SuitriTh s rMW damtncn a roues ifrat resa sc\i fnrml. t, \\micrhipartIf hane p.'.'I hlyerepre ncufs biaw ghen caina rmer eThseanthey hre smalur \ theTis m ae h also been nis ugina Nv\dt. Thc mtic in goodtl sa nse oa i neilr t the ankies. O r a pterd of ie, t aes I -..... '---- 

PAGE 7

Clothes Are. SIMns. I h iii draIs )spwrt lckt oF 19%1 its i Ilded to the isL md Batik Coat in 19%2. Batik is a imtted, but ((1r1 print,111 like the plhid pattern )1o( Jmailas. hiiri madras, and pilmiot it tons, arcstill nmaltC faxVritfs for sport shirts and burmun)ida. BUt tht b1(ttt do n osord shirt anti madrtis burmudaI(LS arTStill 1n0t a trUC pictur l T('thC i loridA m181 tlt Casnal I lorida IreshiMlan and s01)1ophtmteItt is halppiett whIRetn lie is ringtitb I SitelI shit ittfad'd lhturmtitttdts, nild sIoI m ti' Sl(itcs. oI tt(W il attire lo(I'thil 'I lIM it t11il P, is tilti1 thild 8 fmIAtt OCCsion l1' Ith I lotit m81, for 1C' Oft n I-t tsn't ris' to th' sittatimn. \\'htn 11C (IOCS, the wh lite Inner ja 11(10 non C()nti iltIntal 11(1 and hlaCk trousers itt' still ill i C tilt. ttnmilr)iniis d, briht mtaidras or I at111 Are OftCn SC(nA rbal thc 1m1,11 effort to dctraoct 1(m the finorAM (d, oftile event. A (dN Sprin suits art liIihtweigh]t, t dark and neutral in Li)or this year. t'hitiie tinental lincs NN ill Shape the ;ack et nI Ire than the1 trttistrs.( Grt and deep bei' Te ha tcblIn the mtst popular ttlors this season. The arm (reen ilt i si xeplItimalt' x\irdr s ) in '6 1\\ill ttt be ia cprtvalnt. Sit )Xi leae itthe I lmtridia nan; i\\tarin t'ithter list stasOn 's suit tr this season's. I t's htarTr to tell in his Cast. Nt so with the oirls. ('hAngeCS OcHmeWith the winld 11d gO ith tile tl y. If female fashions get a N 'hithe' theC'll I ha to start all Mtr. Of all the stastins tiages, t' lit hrtdst to pit r it xihI I h I lrIiii Ia COtd in ithtr ntex x ith sntakt'rs. 

PAGE 8

"It is with books as with men: a very small number play a great part." -Voltaire Seymour Block Warrcn French "COiry Row Ih! "He was older than Alontrey in Ca/ithe days he had for1i.; i'S; a poen. a seen an4 the breaths ftink gryaia g he had drawn. He noise, a qualiy cf linked the past with Iigt, zlone, .*a the present, and hAut, .1nostalgig. the eternity behind drci. Cniner' Ri him t h r o b b e d ii / e gahered .;/ through him in a ,he sc/eri .d mi ty ihythm to h' ?min si'n CI Which he sW lYed as i 1re/cs, //ty, r.rthe tides aid sasons fere World, eha'. f .(.c:Id 'n Ron.'' C~l // 1! l(l+/ Canners' Ror Reid Poole "Suddenly the hero saw that the living too are dead andl that we can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts areaconscious of our treasure; for our hearts are not s t r o'ng enough to 1 o v e every moment." hhcnnwo 'f-lA.-/e'r VAnce Ines -10 U hat exmu, if .any, does mau pos. Sos A Power to Stanrine his diestInv"?Can 10 lwil!. UIy crcose a si ale U' io/:ip betoz kin'sclf n /is ce inez? Or are e/is ncds / lie worlabout /him; s ep in/xir5b/y mayrdLis MP?' Challenge e't Mans Future 1). L. Scudder "In the beginning GdI created the heaven and the carth. And the eaith was without form and soid; and darkness wvas upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upOn the face of the waters. And God Saidh, let there be light; and there was light.;' ',5. /Mo! lbI, R. .Iar ln P / /. r /, ,/./ L7 it I r t cr '. / y' r I eur.i I t i .1 by Sara [odd the written word is a powerful thing. It touches tile lives of men, fires them with a moment's ision, and etches their beliefs in a timeless pattern. On a college campus a book's influence on the men who teach is often transmitted to the students. Seven UF professors selected at random revealed recently that their enthusiasm for favorite works carried over into their daily activities. B0kos Although his professional interests are technical, Dr. Seymour Block, associate professor in engineering research, emphasized that his personal interest is people and his favorite books biographies. "People are interesting because they're inconsistent," Dr. Block said. "If tou want to succeed, each success story can tell xou sonicthing." The Diaries of Theodore IIer:l, founder of Zionism, came to Dr. Block's attention because his father was a Zionist. As the leading, literary columnist of the Vienna New An Free Press in 1895, l er/ beCmeI in ibcitd in the DreyfIus casand personally took it on himself to secure the Jcvs return to Israel. Block said the book impressed him because he could place himself in the character of the sensitive man who died thinking lie was a failure. lie named the stories of Bes Franklin and Jacob B1eis amono other favorite biograplphits. Admiration for the ambition of Jack I ondon led Dr. Block to study the man and read his works. "London was a man oIf opposites, tlri IHarry Sisler So the serIt pul posc 4)f a n,,1)1( hi /01/ (int t it h I moI Cs (If r.st' I III t "''t r iw A l II th'it 1ha I ( 11 t, ll t t i ,r. It i n /rk m gin 0 It 1,, L: I I it t 

PAGE 9

bctix een a desire fxor caltiL and a desire for quality in his uruing Dr. llock described him. "l is call of the l~i isi a n ork of perfectiol, he concluded. Rcadings in F '. D Or. F. 11. Bat1ey, political science professir, chooses readings in his particular field as having the most influence on his way of thinking. lie rates the federalist Papers at th head of his list, describina them as "thc most signiheia nt single conimentir n on .\merican o ernmncit." A series of colonial nen paper editorials by Ae.ander hIamilton, jon -lindl Tames Madisoi, the Papers seco.-d tihe much n needed support of New York in C C ept iig the ConstitUt ion. 'Ile perceptive, imain it iie jqilhitx of the Piers coupled dith a b t ifullkils written st\Ile deAt an iimi pact still tfIt in din hieni to',hd said Dr. Partles. \No political scientist is cinsidcrod educated o iout thinem he c utinuecId. "their depth of thought and broidd approach to problems aris in Ifrom the Colistit tio render them Dir. liitlc s xpccified federalist Paper No. 1 I as a knolede of human nature. The piper reco nizes thit groups and factions in a democratic society are controlled by interaction of these groups. Society then, as now, did not recognize this, lie pointed out. Ile summnarized the series as an excellent studv of hiistor, governmentn, sociology, psy Ch1ugs and lasL .' nsp;res onc l, incipe of Cheumist ri l)y Jmoel Iildebraimd Lt's priority c among the iubioks which have influenced the teachiiing of I)r. I larry 11. Sisler, prOfCSIo nid head of tile chemnistry department. "Ificldeibrnis forS ard liikiiig attitude t"I x a rd stUudentS Al scit icc iiid thi modri Men instruct oiial material lie presents hise hIid a great deal to do with my writing lin o mn texts, Dr. Sisler said. T1Whis ind the other books bearing on Sisler's research and teaclin'g were all published around 1940 as lie xLas completing graduatesiiool. Other than professional books~ The Cute for Chri tiani/ s bv C. S. Leois and Ilenrs Van Dxkc's The Blue Florcr have inspired Dr. Sister in religion and philosophy. Le is' book is a welLreasoned and scholarly argument for Orthodox Christianiitv which was not discovered by the author until his later life, Dr. Sisler explained. lhis book did not mold my religion -1 have am ax s been a Christian hiut it lhelpedl to crystalline my beliefs," he said. Aj a young child, Dr. Siser said lie fax ored The Bl e I loiter. ie described it as a colleclion of short stories with phI ilosophical Implications, including l"The Source" and 'The Otlier Wise Man' Source for Religion Dr. ). I .Scudder, professor aiid head (I' the religion department, holds .he 1Bible as the book xxi\l has most affected his way of thinking. Introduced to The Bible as a child by his grandparents' nightIl dexotionsi, Dr. Shudder pursued thlie study Of religious ph ilisoply i college. One year at the .\mericain Lniversity at eirut, I ebonon, acqulaited himi itli the Biblical oUntries, and 2 xears iOf teothin" Bible cou roses further 51tcIii gtlIenm d hius knowledge. '1 can aiuiost sax I know the .1 histon of tt, Jews better than that of tie L niited St itt and Abrahin and Mloses better tium tI ci son," ice said. Dr. Sc tddet outliiiecl tx(o x to reid ti Bible --as a schlolarl an alysis i tI dteriminec facts, aInd as a devotionil ottidc. "Imiterpreting the Bible is .i means of reaching salvation," according" to Dr.t cudder. ie said the Protestant sccks his oxxi salvation through pIersonal Bible readings. [or the Catholic, authoritative intcrpctation is i the hands of the clergy. "But for both grouIps the important thing is gaining truth," he said. Although he feels closest to the iible, Dr. Scudder named four authors lie bceiexes haxe transformed the world in thought and studY -Darwin, Freud, Marx and Iiinstein. Reid Poole, associate professor ai licad of the music department, also regards The Bible as the bool with the single greatest influence in his life. 'Jt X as serec l up to iiie 1w m)ii brother and so manx others from earl chilciihood through carly ,outh,' lie said. "Mc shicxcs still contain fixe editions, or versions.M is;cn ;Words "On iithis side of that book," ut continued, dite most important works ton mehave been the scores, and of course the sounding hmsic, of the sunmphonies of l1eethoven, Brahms, Mozart andi many others. The gratification of understancing music can be in listening alone, mil the books, the scores, the notes thcmseles, reveal details and basis for a deeper and more gratifying understanding." Mr. Poole said books of influence can be related to each period of a person's life and their inspiration flicker or flanuie mp again with maturity. Ie recalled that in his m\ututhi it ias smitten lix the poems of Edna 't. Vincent Millay amid Robinson Ifers, bcut t)no%\ On opening those volumes, 'the passionmate response of south isn't there anx mre "Ihornton Wilder's X'oiman of Andros' is t11e most beautiful single short xwork I have c'cr read,said Mr. Poole. "or maybe it's just the x riding that seems so beautiful from that opening paragraph oiilthrough the book. M r. Poole also listed the works of James losce and dozens of others x hichl have maide iii impression on the youth and the man. Readability Impresses I or \\ne Hines, professor of education, Dickn's Darid Copperfield stands out its One of the earliest books to impress him. "it was the first thing I read of any length s here the writer x as skilled in character building, 4lr. Ihines said. Secral scars liter in the 1910's, the Ness Bepublic series, "Books VIt Changed My MIindl itt him tom re Pi Min 's ain Conl ii n AmericanJ '1/ouglt in the list half do eu C1,1 1.i .Ilimes as (mii to i io tiwo oioIs I, sil teclhiig i It rcmccs. (;G0rgc' I lolin liboiii 'ihe' /llmioo (1mp Ind'li t ( hi/ene o i tioxe bv Iarrisoi Iri Un iisotppl t aiIu cxOiius fi min i sociihit onomc fotinidltion i ix \uich we w)ro lotli soti l scioctos td sled light (' Cductiion1itproblcis, lie Si id. ie cillCd hloh nia's bood' a moist readable atttipt at theory' building i) the social Sciences -and "an iumpliCat iion 11Ir the schmcml adrmiistritot to bcl)imie mmrc c flucLixe in Situations xx ithi other people." An analysis Of the problem ol.populatioii \pansion, he Chal/cage nm T1in's Future is a "Scholarly yet readable prest mition of the Conditions men face hit the years ihac," according to Dr. Lines. Novel Intrigues Jomni Stcinbeck s Cnevx Ru published iii 1945, influenced Dr. \\'arren rremch, assistant english professor, to writc a critique of Stcimbeck. 'It sIus lrgy the dlsire to do justice to this much underrate monk that rioe mime to xxrite mm own recent riticil study, John StROO Aac (Twynx Unitdi Stat's Authors' Series 1961). 1 umi h'iappy that in' tNtcisionm of 'Canooel'I IROi in this iook has beiei singled out for praise by critics, since it makes ume feel I may have bigun to do justice to the intricate stIucturt mand subtle making if the noxcI," he said. lr. Frcnch said ie w as originally attracted to the novel because "the author seemed to Ie speaking to me, to be expressing seitim 'nts I had often frlt 1mmslf." Ile said he was' especially struck by the sadly ironic truth of the passage in Chapter 17 1xhich concludes with the statement that "Doc still loved true things but lie knew it seas not a general IoWe and it couli be a vere dangerous mistress." "Good books do not help us escape reality," Dr. I cnuch concluded, "but endure it, both be hielpimo us recognize uhat it is like James Purdiss MalcolmO, which I an sno reading with mix freshman honors grlomp, and b helping us transcend it, like Cuinerr lRow, iihich I hope they x ill Io oi and r'ad fur themselves Photographs by Newman I 

PAGE 10

*4. over TIPPING? By Clif Cormier Cartoons By Don Addis ~"llE pranksters concentrated on the job at the center of the formica-covered Itabldtop with leers on their faces. Deftly six pairs of hands shoved aside dishes, crockcry and glasses until a near-perfect circle of emptiness dominated the middle of the table. With exaggerated ceremony one youth fished out a shiny, new penny from his pocket and deposited it in the center of the clearing. Noisily they scraped chairs out from under themselves and left. so The young table waiter stared blanldy at the scene. Blood drained from his cheeks as perplexity gave way to anger. He had given the diners real good, fast service and this was his reward -his "tip". Fiction? Nope -it happened in a downtown steakhouse not long ago. 'The waiter was a college student working his way through, his income solely dependent on the tips of his customers. The customers were college students too. PENNY TIPS INSULTING Mac Levin, host at Larry's Wonder House, couldn't conceal his own anger as he narrated the bizarre incident. "My waiters don't ask for anything and they try real hard to please their customers. We know the kids that eat here are on tight budgets themselves, so we don't expect large tips. But it's the louses that leave a couple of pennies on the table hat are Insulting., "How would you feel if you were In the -waiter's shoes and someone did that to you? Why it's an insult -a slap in the face.' He had a point. Few people treat Levin's waiters this sliabbily though. They're guaranteed a dollar en hour and Mac said he had yet to make any 10 adjustments to miake up for lack of tips. At the Wonder House UP students are on both ends of the tipping custom. Eighty-five per cent of the clientele is student trade, and five Florida men serve them on a part-time basis. NOT CHEAP.SKATES When it comes to tipping, students. aren't much different from the population at large. A recent tour of Gainesville's service businesses revealed a few tipping habits. The general concensus is that students .are not cheapskates -in fact, in some cases they're more generous than the natives. If tipping is ai' irritating custom, it can also be said that it does help put a lot of Recomnmended ip s By the A**rkkan Hotel r oe1tion Wolfer .15% and 4s of bill. (Speral table $t f headwaiter) toxI driver .,.1 nder$1 fare; 15% forf"re over $1. Ba0op. per bag; $1 ter three or more. Dooman .25 Hat check girt ..25 Barber. .#Is.4. o*". 25% and up auicn .5% and up ShIne boy .90t.-0.460 41s.101 Bartender.81. 251 and up StLdents throtigh College. At Byron Winn's Primrose Inn, 10 StuldentS are helping pay their college expenses waiting on tables. Primrose jobs have become a tradition at the UF. Winn can tick off an hiposing array of successful businessmen, judges and legislators who paid for their education by waiting' on his tables. Among the present-day crop is Isidoro Santelices, a third-year engineering student from Camaguey, Cuba. Isidore's observations, based on a year-and-a-half's experience, is that student tips don't quite measure up to that of the Primrose's middle class business clients. TEN PUlCENTl-IS "But Gainesville people don't tip nerly as well as visitors from out of tow n," says Isidore. "I make the most money on football weekends, maybe as much as $50. "Last year on the day of the ISU game I spilled a whole glass of CoLe on a guy and he still left me a $2 tip. Was I surprised!" Other Isidore observations: law students tip good; girls usually tip better than boys, except sorority girls -they're "real nice and sociable" but don't leave many tips. "Those high school basketball players tipped like crazy," added Jon Power, 4 EG from West Palm Beach, another Primrose waiter. Both Jon and Isidore consider 10 per cent of the bill a fair tip for their. services. Random opinions from around the campus indicated that most students tipped according to the service received and the quality of the establishment rather than on a percentage basis. Most objected to tipping at cafeterias wvhere the only service rendered was has ing your tray carried to a table. F; 

PAGE 11

How Students Tip Random Observations About Town Reveal UF Tipping Habits Cab drivers think students tip as well as in) other group in Gainesville. Cabbies consider a quarter a fair tip but settle for less most of the tiiie. Girl passengers ti less than boys but this seems to be a universal phenomena in the cab business. Says E: C. Swords, seven years a driver in Gainesville: "Students usually tip a nickel or a dime., Once in a while you get surprised Axith a quarter. But we don't complain. Students tip as well as anyone." W. McCartney, who drove cabs in New York all his life before moving to Gainesville two years ago, said 40 per cent of his coinmpaiN's business was from University 'Funny thing," said McCartney, 'lint the boys from the big towns here M Iorda quibblle more about the fare than the small town fellows and our fares are cheaper than thie re used to at lioire-. McCartney said the best tip lie ever got was a buck-fift. "Got it from a boy I picked up ii front if Murphree," he said. FLITP TIPPEIRS Ellis Guvnn, the genial Florida Union barber, thinks Northerners tip better than Florida natives. "I don't know w hietlier it's because the)' come from the city, but tiex do seem to tip oftener," said Guvnn. Guynn said out of about 15 customers a day he averaged three tips ranging from a dime to a quarter. ".\ll things considered ur student cuitoiimers tip about aerice, head barber Gene Cason said. "In large cities people tip barbers real well, but in the small towns they never tip."' Cason said if he depended on tips for cigarette money he'd have to give up the habit. Gene believes the "flattop" haircut customer is the best tipper as types go. "Don't know why but they are usually the four-bit tippers," says Gene. FAORSS BIG CARS Bellboy Iarold Williams at the University Inn gathers in $13 to $15 a day on weekends, all in tips. Iarold, 16, doesn't get much business from UF students, but he's familiar with the tipping habits of students from other colleges. "We get a lot of x isiting students for athletic events," he said. "They usually tip me 25 or 50 cents, but my biggest tips come from other guests. 'lihe people in the. big fancy cars are the best tippers. They give me 50 cents or a dollar. The ladies tip mc better than the men," Harold said. The registration clrk at the desk disagreed with Iarold on the "big car" theory. He said from his experience it was usually the Eldorado driver xxho shopped for the cheapest room while the small car oxvners asked fewer questions. Beauticians were 1miore reserved about tipping habits of their customers. One said she didn't expect tips but got one now and then. "fifty cents is the usual tip but once in a while a customer will slip a dollar in your pocket xien she's happy with a permanent," she said. IALOPIES WELCOME Carhop Frances Skinner, who serves customers at a drive-in near the campus, said the most lavish tippers wcre hungry inebriates who drove in at the wvec hours of the morning. But the most consistent tippers were the fauxily men accompanied by the xifc and kids. Frances said as a rule drivers of old cars ipped better than fancy car owners. Tipping is an old European customii. Allegcdly' the word "tip" had its origin in English taverns centuries ago, x here it was the abbreviated version of "to insure promptness." Another story has the word linked xith the 'tippler" hio xvas free xith his change around taproom intids. In the LUnited States the custom used to be called un-American. The idea smacked of "flunkyism" in the dLissless Puritan tradition of America. Ilesentful tippers, after being solicited for a gratuity, xMuld scream, "Why the BararPy irates xx would be ashamed to go that strong.! But thme custom spread fast. Today it is estimated that over two million people in the United States depend on tips for their livelihood in some measure. Polls have determined that almost half the population is against the practice but that 80 per cent of the people in cities tip anyway. At least five states, four of them in the South, have attempted to outlaw the habit without success. It was a nickel tip that helped put the finger on Judd Gray of the famous Judd GrayRuth Snyder murder trial in 1927. A New York cab driver who got the tip identified Judd to police later. The old yardstick of tipping a person 10 per cent of the bill has been hit by inflation and 15 to 20 per cent is now considered "right" in mMost sitUations. Many a well meaning tipper Who failed to meet this standard has encountered the cutting trade repy, "You keep it Bud, vou need it more than I do." Usually the tipped will hold his tongue and express his resentment to a fellow employee. IIe' peg you as a skunk, a stiff or a dud all derogatory expressioins of a poor tipper in the parlance of waiters. Oh, by the way girls, those nice husky boys xxho lug y)'(ur trunks in an iiout of the (iorms will accept tips. 0 

PAGE 12

The Campui I L I t~npu Io I mI h \11i1 1) c1 ''( i I ) I I I t I 1 *t 1 ,I ) II !d )1( 1 I l l l l V Id I 11\i 'IItic l fi tI 1,111 I lt 1 It uIt I t 1 l I 1 I .t t I l itI ) 1 I Ir ik I ') I II,,I i I I II I I ) s ()I ( II L() 1 l k S 1 I t I 1 1 Spring, who fashioned you? and where and why are all your tiny trinkets that enchant and tempt a dreamer and his dream. whose cape is that you wear on scented shoulders -a pattern sewn of emerald mist and fastened by a drop of dew and sunshine warm? a shower from its rustle scatters stars and rain-kissed roses on the grassy blanket tossed beneath your feet. Spring, why are you beautiful? so much so that the tears come easy even while I laugh and words to sing your praises are always on my lips and in a heart that's yours alone. so Captures me your wonder that a prayer unmurmured ON1 the year gently rushed past the surface of my being and reembers mwe to God. ...Sara Todd, 4 JM Il t sl I 11 1, 1w -' .1) p il m Itt ( i I It %11(1( J !! 

PAGE 13

f3eatitifudl I i c it hiit t Il i t I I I I I It I )II Iii lil t I I i I lItI .11 du rn I("uh uith -rC~n iikt I nt s L I to 1wit liltc II I it ( I .c cil t \\ til I I LkI L\ I I I\( (III I Ii I ~~ I. I t I r(It I I ir tiltIIII III 1 )1,1111), J I -d I p u t II I tiltiII ,)1 I t J \ ItI I I I II I 'l i I J hc i t lt t II I' v ) I it i i I( ,,I lii ) \\ It i 1T I i II 1i1t L 1 tu ( iit ) ( nit w I tii 

PAGE 14

The Campus Beautiful Continued from page 13 Don't bury your head in the sands of ignorancebuying a Diamond is a major investmentknow what you are buying AALandscape architects usually know where to put sidewalks, but when they miss they have to cut traffic off with wire fences and hedges. "Foot-traffic often cuts the corners from lawns too," said Lake. "To get around this we have started placing bike racks on the corners." CONSERVING LOWLY PALMETTOS Lake said one of Florida's most common plants makes a good landscape piece, the lowly palmetto. These scrubby little palms are difficult to do awvav with and ecquall' hard to transplant. A bed of transplanted palmettos is on the west side of the Student Service Center. A fine spray mist was kept on then for several days so the plants could take hold. "At the rate people are digging palmettos out with bulldozers, they will probably be rare plants in Florida some day," said Lake "That is why we wanted a good bed on campus." UF landscape architects try to keep simplicity in minMd when designing the greenery for a plot of land. Around and between high buildings like McCarty Iall and J. Hillis Miller Health Center, a strong ground plan is used. A strong gui)nod plan is a combination of concrete walks and wAdls plus shapely' shrubbery to form strong patterns. This is done because the scene can be viewed from above as if looking from a plane or at a map. MONEY APPROPRIATED The Med Center has the only two areas on campus that had money specifically earmarked for landscaping. One area is a patio outside the out-patient clinic. The other, used for muscular rehabilitation, is on the west side of the Med Center. In the rehabilitation area are cicrcis bars, swings, benches with built-in checker boards and an extra high step with a hand rail. The high step is used to prepare patients for climbing high things like bus steps. Lake is particularly proud of the work his men have done in the hub-McCarty-Physics building area. Ile pointed out that this area will eventually be campus dead-center. Longrange plans are for a wide mall running from the north edge of the Plaza of Americas, beginning its curve in the Tower area, sweeping behind the Hub and straightening out again past the soon-to-be constructed Florida Union west of McCarty Hall. The most oft-mentioned beauty spot on campus, Lake said, is the small plot in front of the University gate on the northeast corner. The effort there has been to keep oran and blue flowers blooming as yearround as possible. This spring it was calendulas flanked by blupansies. COLORED FOUNTAIN Lake said some day he hopes to see a fountain put in behind the Hub. There is a small pond surrounded by shrubs and trees It Takes Lots of Planning The campus Beautiaul n' nt a hc just happen! It fakes locds of planning aind most beauty spots are careful y drawn out before the spading begins. NodTLake, ouC t iit of t'u isciris the planning --I ndsi pwhg tw o' r I. south of the statisticl I l1s mnd ist 01 \McCrty Ilall. "I would like to srI' the. lotntain put in and drenched sx ith col red flood lights at night," sid Ake. "With the old temporary buildings torn out and a new road ptl through, the fountain u1\tid le x isible foum) all four directions." When the subject of iotor cimiteS up, Ix always tries to duck the ctaorge that lie's time man responsible for the never-misS ttucmptis sprinklers. "I despise those things as much as the students," he said, "but this campus would be nothing but brown without them." Lake explained that the Century Tower butt of almost as many jokes as the sprinklers figures in with campus irrigation. "Originally," he related, "the Century Tower was to house a giant water tower. If we had such a water reservoir, we could turn on the sprinklers from three to seven in the morning. Now, we have to keep them running all the time because we have to depend on limited supplies of woter from pumping stations." Lake said there are many unfinished or unstarted projects on campus -like a planned.outside dining patio behind the Ilub. "It seems like every time we get started on a landscaping project, something more important conies up and we have to stop what we're doing," said Lake. Today, there is only one maintenance man for every five acres of UF property. Lake said grounds maintenance will soon be doing double the work they did six years ago whetn there wi as oic man for ci ry three acres. 211 West University Ave. 2 

PAGE 15

Dags Without Dayiight him and the sour iron taste of her insults and his own rage had rushed to his mouth. They had both won now. One more final exam and the Bachelor's Degree would be his. It would be over. They would have tine to repair the damage. The weaknesses in their relationship would be stronger. Perhaps they would be adults. Paul's heels smashed the floor again as he tried to convince himself that he really didn't mind splashing the diaper in the toilet. ./ 400 Ai .- 

PAGE 16

for a Reason THE College of Pharmacy is at once the newest and the oldest member of the Health Center family of colleges. Founded in 1923, more than 30 years before the Health Center caine into being,, the College was still the last to physically join the Center, moving into its partially cornpcted quarters in the fall of 1961. The College's new home cost more than S 1. 5 million to construct, and boasts an additional half-million dollar array of equipment for teaching. According to Dean Perry A. Foote, the -Nuilding was constructed vertically to adhere with the overall planning of the Health Center. All of the departments in each of the fi ec Colleges of the Health Center, that are equal or nearly equal. havxe been assigned to the same floor. For example, pharmaceutical chemistry which occupies the fourth floor of By Frank Westmark College of Pharmacy joins the $20 million J. Hillis Miller Health Center. the Pharmacy Building, is similar to the biochemistry which occupies the forth floor in the Medical Sciences Building. The purpose of this design was to make all of the corresponding laboratories and other similar facilities readily interchangeable with one another. This philosophy applies to classrooms, lounges, and offices. Dr. Foote said that the College of Pharmacy, for example, requires the use of only one classroomn in its building. 'We can use the existing classroom space already provided in the other buildings;Dean I OOt(\jplaincd. The pharmacy curricuuImII -both general and specific at the same time -. requires students to take coursework touching on all fix e areas of the profession: pharmacy, pharm.c dogs, pharmaceutical chemistry, phariatoognoxy and pharmacy administration. Students are exposed to everything from frogs and test tubes to radioactive ity and bookkeep)in .Drugs Produced Soon to be in operation is a $150,00C pilot pharmaceutical plant -installed on the It's mp me n Building, 

PAGE 17

LIud fl xr iiithat \\i b used fr teaching, research and manuft cturin bulIk \uuin items mfr the Teaching I Ibspital. The facilities, thouh ln a siall e r scale, are similar to the umanufacturing plants of such firms as \ lcKesson & llA)bins. \ccordin i to Dr Charles H. Becker, head prIfclssOri xfdpharmallicy, ii p1t c u(ld produce a <juirt cr-million aspirin or sm1ix1 ar tab lets, cxci, i'ht huins. In addition, such liquids as cniiui icl-' cilieS, mxilki i m nsil, ind tri)pix distilled \\ itlri ca IIbe pr duIImcd. I )IstiIed Aiter is Iscd is IlStjIpc 1sionI Ibxse I'mi iniectibeil( Ipr diicts liii xxic i ii i nd xxIi iSiditim xxpnIIt cthii. ciitIc( l pri. p rII tixix iri xxiii ii roi n lm s sjcpc <i I'lh eq ipp)d \\Ith1 Ltroi-d l\W t lightning to ;11 1 \n b ctxeli x Prisxi x l Il th irl. lcici I cchin' IPhit nrmicacv \xxi m x r aiii xh rmt i rml Ii Is )lii lit n \ik r I i it ru1111 istor mx m Iti i' m t '111d pIl rI llw \ .Stinst~ ti) l t dclnt" k"11-1 I I I Nn( I I. n I (dIs"p)II y,, iml\ ntfl n' c ( nII trol,~~~ cn I ke ie e as ern I t )Ii xlit i ) icu iIn r l xri ti x iI I vri tn ii I liri il is iA x xIi Vx IIIh prc)duxx cts di I xiiit x i\lx' xti m l txx Iii chmici. 1111It111rma -\ IC weredo AWILIbV 1manu IdAtURers. I llmptxI o lestii ited tiir t I -tal retail x lii I t Ippr-() iIII tcI\ ,,m w 'eachinu. laboratories \ll xLiiratories arc designed to prAide students xxith practical experience through tra ii xxundcr simulaxtcdl professional conditixis. lxii( r eaipi)le, in the dispensing labxratoxrx, chci stIuIeiit has his own model prc~ scriptIoii cintcr, xxhic contains ai individnil drug cabiiet, tceline, typexritcr and sink. In addition, each abratory has its own "diumb waiterthat conveniently transports cquipiment to and frmii the storenxixims. AlStudents cairn drugstore i m a e m a lb r o f r te -4 -tee oe tnventory cmnicxl Ixilgixc li""x]'\ xl C IxII c t1C bixa i lkix iii xi .IThlanical ieic icc xx thc' xcui ini tlii >lxin xxxi iimi xx)itir is lhix ip in the n cxS ixt list. The fourth lxxii pharmaetIcal chiiistr department is provided xxith twoxxx spaciOus .laboratories adjacc'nt to one notin er. iiic' some drugs and compounds used arc dangerOus, decontamination showers ha c been installed in the laibxratory to quickly rinse ffl acids or flamatory chcimiicals froix stdllIS in case of an accicl'nt. One of the ma'xjor pro'jccts xd the pharmiceCutical chc'mnistrx' students is the making ll, ulrug& to be used in other laboratories for experimenting on animals. Students lia easy access to a variety f drUgs fronm the Cillege if Pharmacy's 10-acre medicinal plant gardci. In the pharmacology Iahnratory, studc'nts roca ~ T a ln Typro)vahw ni14SC I' WAS 111A o r i n rupsinu (Wn AH 111th 1"1(1s1th t ir t' drm)I-I har <>] C I I I(I S ei ,11 S.1 I1 ,1 ,I a l t t (t s IV <h) F A p lxrimn tltin cl icci\Nith iim xl mitls s i s rxxx, Mice andixx i ris. i' I xIi Al yix critxin 1 Itrc is xVaiiabIclc lxiri xr'eI In lrxr animals. The l niicrsity's Ca ccile i iesarch I hixirai tory is lxxx an iint'gral 1t x IC Cll'gC' xl Phar i ac .Director I im 1is I Iix, lpixless. x4 pharmaceutical chlimxistn, his civoted ilteuxsive rs i rch to d xlxci a cur' I' stomach cAncc'r. The Canc'r Is IrchIxci I i ratori l ix estili liihed in 1949 undcr the direc'tioix (' I)r. l y ixeca c'm the first e ig tinit () itii' 1. 1lillis Alilieu' IlealH i (enter. 'I lie Iaxb artox riders a cancer rs'archx prigraii for graduate sudciits in pharmacy r related areas u' fixci cini. Since its inception in 1923, the College has Dennis Morrison, junior in pharmacy, uses intriemiphsized research and graduate study. The cate balance equipment for precision weighing -ollege offered the first pharmaceutical Ph.D. of drug compounds. oroqram in America. What appears to be a gigantic pressure cooker is in reality cn expensive piece of equipment used for manufacturing Iirquird drugs such cs cough medicines. 

PAGE 18

. .. vow.Ia with Pist6Jin -'C' I6 Coed flyMUBi(iry k1 do oi) \ icv \IC II duat \ II I m ro Stt i& stccnt tc 'sc ila' s t h iscilist hit' tank hf t t ili)1-'t. Seiaemnianat n. Recn Residn o h I tc i ns it ar in <thtt itt0 I tt, i uso ii tit' ( ti I C&t I IIIIII 1IIIt 'tA'li c it ('ito iit st1"1 tli( actt t li l t t IT7 t\IC p \ I I im(' ( i st i l lIt I tt I NIImv IVsa~w hehis (combldthw bh11mks but hI t Stitunt thkc' irst pitt' (f I itn lit ,n s iti' r1 ( naI t 'is i)L'k ci tic' i tt, a Lit ilt tlit' l \. I ( r la '\ Iti'a cc (" i i t tvi \ i tir (' t itts ax ins Lh Sid e i noles, Recn eiet till icc [lt Lit 1p-cc Iti t i Iti ls'x'''t Ch it itt'tii i pc' li' d'l l Au tic )il ltt\it i threev rfo r il n)ro PInI s Pare hi rdictit to i tt rt' In \"Ilm(_,'S idw he she ha unl.(crord 1)(tttr\ ma.dt hm Mhitte meni, rnh trd d took t p am 4(1i fnIt sl~a f t i t l'\tt biisit ( t fid' 44 1 pat \h blicnop. t b 1\1110 P,1in 'c toX\1n. P'ink, \\x, tht 1,11w, se ()I lin's Ptic'i.' \[,li\of tht dtws for \inmerx' x\ork comw m 11m11PstoftPa\rredond Grantanccyted Mnh In the lchLt L ittL Ti Asss a Offi. TII 11i its 1 l It N r to tl le discover\ I t t L h n tu n 'tit ch th td ti ildtat hDartmanti bit'Ld bei i thr( o befor ime, i ic said. -a took a i,'1)It t 400 foot Ll b of arth for tht. xt i'eSio -o I. 441 p t tlicanopy. I wa tbl(e to i) k 111)I)()tters from thw fmur SideL" ()I Pistol-Packing Nancy 1, t41me1Cof its M\n.1 MnL slips on011t rou1ser for : ()ilgy o er fc es, ItIlea\ shirt, and her onbowtS.' One aIdde d de Coratimn111h h1 1 unoC'. bult V\ tIL1h 11h41 her Qc I (U it~. Si / po dlI' I t \\ it1 -I t st L., 11 1i kVi ) it Ii bt.lutmst Sdh ateue dte e "11,U, ccri ,-AIIIc (o (& thc Im lc'e ct III m C\ (11% \idtl tilt stt r s l' i l It c S t rriblt liltt t pr \ t mi fp t icdmcta It \I ,S tlt li ti the iIIs) .thundtr ha tI I, Sut. l It is1)s ribl tal si Itid Ihtisc' stt'trs s tic ittirit it I \\ s I\ ('11 inst ructi 11 111i,d11 11n lc t11('11 '1 1 u 1 (I \ ci r Im ., ., Villages Elusive i a i'ir. tI t Sit ii tiii I t s CRt i it I'p l c ttoititih.i A nd L it n ops I )k GIrc not 1(t 1(I\ IIIn t 1 11 1wh II II Irtid dIti llii" tiltnii th in i ii dcind m Iir t ilit itli\11,t IiC mSIIi i:1 dc i isI t 4 ic m1 It I nI c (otIeI r ItrIIb)cS thc eIN(_II I d S \\ re (\I-\ IeAt -So leit, that thW\ \\0111d throw thewir biokn 1 it tII in ncerb I'i riL's ri t lits i)I I'sc b ry it ltc siiidbu ckct CrouJ is i ot ) LsoLrLc' I o Hinf'MAtIon when hun1nI illdlics, according" t i Naiti .-' \lthogh clillrt'n hiittn't lcd In to III\ [Ii S, t e phtl]'' C I C A1IL,( theCV (i\-(' \o '11-diri"ns winfollmown .1ap Stagecoaches and Gold tiitii ci Ithikri tii Ltod i c r f ClUl IW (,ubtIt1C'd fOlklore Ibeajuse C (dthe number (d til t tI s Ont lhe'a 55rs ithLl st'artchinc for silts SI S S Sh hAS liCirid a sctOi o talc's Iol buriFICJ -Nd. JIationl. S11ppo)SedIVy a St, 'di-\cr0II 01h: 01 th )L'iLcn t t r tds IiwS i cs. ttw siiii'Ltl lS d Intl b itdIIl s me II d, 'itI 1ti'l ini th II sI t t is ithI a ri 1 Seminoles Vie 246 

PAGE 19

gold. and coed ered" search shal. \h ost () f Ithe ,()I(! Stork"', rII V ri11H Ait ill i i t htit ii .i itru t le e1II thIIS I IIeiteiniit \\ tell' I ort \ismop\.It \uIS ne r h s n fr Ill t () el ldnn I in ls hIt t Icd ledierii 'riis i Why Anthropology? \,lili ,ll is t l'ieiti in ii hith i u sit rte in the l'ttttti.'ts I' kJ Iti ll \ \.1 ..1 It i R Is st 'it es etI a s Is in .Stilt cit( ist 111l I t Ilt.' ll the I ii t 'r, \l 'e 't l Il l n11II HIC r I l u mnIIIII. 1, rIher \\(I-]\ I-artilacts. ti (l'slr s hter\ l et.' din e ails r\ le itt ttitittt pjlttiists Ii hi st\ thuatttnaleurs emn d~estrtti w tti lhih ti ll tieset be replace l. Stttnnitr is t'eset' it. fttr at'tal i in. I ttlets i )r siltMIels l i'n the s met 1l d ndians, stagecoaches and Shades of the Old West Alachua County, too. UF Nancy Mykel has "uncovmore than pottery in her h for Seminole villages. (SSI()n Liking I us m lS cmlurSe w ildh 'ili' S 'is e it s ei'ht tu 's is oi a i s eek I tIe [ieils. 1 inte. s t s usill p btl b11 1 \i t a slitel Anthropology Department Expands I lc lilthr11 ogx d pl-rtm ncit \\&, just put n its t\n \ i lth I tr. lthnit \I. Gt( uin tx its L'tid. It i\ Is lirmelt. It t'Ctmt it iti h I itl htii' .( it i t h d rrlith L i l i 111' 1 t ,i r Iui tu lt /insi hit .' L nI)td ttt.s i/Is t.nImil t.i I"r 110 1\c i t Ire II thc fidld, ha-itng mnc the d finlit is c rkII I H ridh Mnt hr11 I'mfrhis PhI. 1dscrt'timn A YV1lc. ,scarch 1,)Iartli lcts 1,)Ithi 1 -C r\ Subitt IIS Ie h Cd I C (Icpt IrtmIIen. 1t InItI t hI 1w ct WC(Ant (1\IsInT into the h1u\\AnII V I I\ T 11 r ublicit\ to thc L I (Icpmrtmin t. I romn the ,t(,r, StuldentS 1b,1\C retri-IC\ d t ,(dd 1-111 Wt t IeS Ind trade C ettleS. \nthrop(loi()tc'JI Stu~die'S 11'( ot limited t"o 101rid 1. ICe deMIrtmen(At 1h' S d(HnC cstenSI\( nl'F~k III 1hCe arri-bbCAn l ea lip00sw -Zt *am, Tnivevsity 1ow" S1)ortshirt Authentic snivrst tls i, t i t i llt I irt / i ili/ las cd of r he soft sh t.linctl .1. i r' 1 e Nat lld I ok lit mii tici s/titis Midi/pot lcoat" or lile ttI ttiil I )tiouiottonit sctiks, tiapceil o f ( (Ilrse .... IrI lifti' hilt'. oI \4ili'uis ti thIl, it st't, or Silk Itp iis, Soft Blii ''7' S ex ./c helit i' slit/i' iostoeite sipot sel's We r(o lf l ?,o (1 [;./ il i\ I ff -NPM ( MIe en till Ol I it tit ..... Serving Sons of Florida For 26 years 225 W. Univ. Avs 19 

PAGE 20

From Classroom UF Student Belongs To U.S. Space Teaii By Carolyn Dart S A 1 L \ l a i n c l i n ls a n d s C h io l r o im i lectures are both familiar e\perienCes to LI 1 Citnilnein flUiT majOr Charlie I laler. 1 IC alteritntes b)1tiCC 11nSi iOL steis i(f SttudN in' te\tbik tiheil il Gains it lie tAnd prACtiin74 practical dtit[Cs At thII C \n O)riandi eILftri.IA legi rinit t student I thle i Lip pln, ill illC \()rked ii U tie IC i 1iimii \oniilillL tiCSid l palie Adlinistralion \ \S \ frmi last summer until he returned t" 1111pw, Ill I i u nr .I f \\ants 1() ImIb 1\ 11 'tn In Is re m er this \1,1'\ C itlle tIii1l o\Irkiig XitI the spiL '1 I 1 s list siiimll-1\ ill A bi". 0 hiip)P r1i lolll, but in the spaL pre IO"11Aill e VeL\ )bid\ Sitl ChI p fi e rt is something ureat i ',a NVO(nd1u11i fLLel to i itch' t iissi Xi XXL)irkel Oi -, li). Petty coitpet it ioinif lililnt oIiirkers is Ill i mi/el at thle ( Ipe 1 id, sinLi tlL'he eril 5piL L7OAiS dLinill L X I XrltL5'Li liirt, t' xcst is mu1h tim ll is uI need ti) t Lmp A\lih Sil ii theIL lintl 4Jd u(1T. 'I Ct it a tadk tiies I Lek, tilL L st it a ii Irker's oeckix sAirn is still i]t Ies thtin that i I ruined missile." Ai lObserver4 i seXLrai Iitan and Atli firings, Crlilie sAid watching a launch from a distance is a weird experience since the cXC sces the rocket's telthin hue before the deafen in roar rLAlches the CAr. Charlic's months if work ifir N \S\ ) ek hi iL Itpitie opportunity to see LA.r5S1 m Iiu IioC prius ptinto pratic. C. SstIarted it thi l ittom t ASrt oh a Si ieer Al Cit 1ill he recalled. I ii ide CheCks in the aturn r clILket, worked m1 theC trAkin liiickhluIse and in the pad -it I li. T iked Al11st CvInXiir. Cable Checking 1ir I hiL iitiri liinIIli hil hlpW d hLL th lid on1 1 armS, tiit Anms xxilh rCALiia story And a hd1f high and hold the U i et in place xx h ile the firinl is started. ie sAidl he helped run test cables tUi thu irns to be sure thex wiirked. "TheL iav before the launch, Lables are lilt LI ineC(tinig the milile to thte bOikhilise INhere tI t II Im IinI m Ili toinIg sy teml i w CxplainLd. .A simIut I t (A tcst i S run,"In d wc thIe c 1 out a-1N thling that's no -1 anthing, thalt shows the xroni un color i,lilit fiashin(( on our ileictronici mins. iThe missile itsil is SuppOSel to b1W 11 Xst Lip N I II it COiiie to the Cape, Soi 10tr it's cLccked lit Ll ctroniialI, inobodly touclle a thin(. Charlie sid lie spwnt a yLiv and a1 iial1 checklin thoe i pet~ritin ill iti'dist riujitors b efi re the iAuni(h i' a Saturn. IIcl hicIpcd in tl: MI.bloh m-byd](ing y"mn thing Tthev nede.-" Ispciit a lot of tiie iialint chances slown to be necessary diri. the checks," le said. "I re iLd drawing, L1h1n eidchmatic diagrams, altered the pil] setup, mci changed pimeL supplies. Checks 4n fuli nd liL k d slims i iri piA of his duties, iCh explaiiid. 'If NouNi alit the i)issue ti i off ir ti stay at a certiiii tempijicertuIrL, Xi1. haIVle t, control this through cletroinici quipmunt Charlie said. "We cant accomplish this Ni itlout cheLcking the iLtchincry to see if it's work ng1. 

PAGE 21

Cape Canaveral Work at the Cape gave him valuable insight into the icry complex process of missile launching, Charlie said. NASA sent him for training to the Marshall Space Flight Center Quality School in Huntsville, Ala., where he learned to look at equipment .and know whether it conformed to government specifications. Returning to the Engineering school classroonis, Charlie found his experiences at the Cape invaluable. Complete Picture "My Jdb helped me a lot this semester," ie said. '\.hat I work out on paper, I've been a)le to see in action. My experience gave me a reason for study, because I've seen the theories carried out." Such electronic components as amplifiers, receivers, and power suppliers are studied and worked on separately in engineering school labs, Charlie explained, but the student never gets to operate a coordinated, complete system. "We design a such equipment as amplifiers and study components, but the picture' is always of one piece of equipment at a time," he said. "We don't understand the application here of a power system, for instance, as we can at the Cape." "Working in the space program is beneficial especially in the students' association with Cape engineers," he said. "They'll usually answer your questions, and when you talk to them all the time you gather a lot of information that sticks." Devotion to the space program also sticks with Charlie. After graduation in December '63, lie wants to work on the space effort, either at the Capeor with a contributing company, "Space-is the thing for electrical engineers," he said. "Electronics is involved in every phase -in launching the shot, tracking the missile, receiving reports, processing the data. The trend is to space throughout the industry." The importance of electronics in the space effort was pointed out by Dean Joseph Weil of tl College of Engineering. "The only way it will be possible for men to go to the moon is through using electronic equipment to answer questions they can't solve themselves," he said. "But equipment requires men to build it and men to put the proper ioformination into it. Training such men is among the major contributions of the College of Engineering to the space program." le said all depart ments of the College of Engineering are space-oriented to some degree because of the space program's appetite for new knowledge in a variety of fields. The dean praised the close relation ship he said exists between the UF College of Engineering and Cape Canaveral officials. UF-Cape Advantages "The recipfocal advantage is of great mportance to us and to them," lie said. "Manpower is important to them -they need people, and our students provide excellent grist for their mill." He estimated at least 30 to 40 pcrcdit of recent UF engineering graduates go directly into space-related work. Challie said five UF engineering students worked for NASA X ith him last summer, and at least twelve work through co-op programs the Cape. "It's a wonderful learning process and great experience," lie said. "You see the reason for studying, you learn while you work, and you're a real part of the national space effort." SHIRTMA Seersucker, favored fabric of our fathers, umnphant return. Crisp, neat. .Indestructibl days, seersucker is as cooling to sport as it Our short sleeved classic has the neatly flare expert cut you expect. kXERS 6m India madraS is one of the world's oldest pkasurcs. still lumper hand-woven and dyed by methods passed on from generation to generation. The Villager shirt. with its trim pan collar, displays the pungent pure tones of' true madras, guaranteed to bleed and mellow. (Available, too, in the Villager pullover shirt w ith button-down collar.) makes a trile on hottest is to look at. ed collar and DQNIGAN'S to S 

PAGE 22

\\htt 1C Sinit' sil iou t ouli titan, mto I share this seat with NowL' I sItthe lady when she first got oni the I Lmd had flashed (Ot of i\ erv best On )er \1hen shc walked doNi the aisle. Of course She could sit with me. f o toted her to sit witih lite Iien Ifirst sm helicr talingifl to Ile i river. I moved the impressite stack o boos il the next seat and the laid sIt down, Shi 0is & lady. h cut tlinoabout le lufrom the top of hi iat to the pointed toes of her shots said tiat she is a LIdy, Mama wtld't hat% Liid tite hlit A iCAs anything. Malia Cotti it t afford,'\i iun didit't like. It was Ii i tith tiny b)1l t fit tit tied nt to the 'icit ttI fittst S Oxv t It )I As l U tik 10' 1Wr sd 111 .,She w IA h ol(dcr t ibA1111,1it itt tshI t to tnti itais older. but she w% s. prctt \(-Iy pretty. '111c looed tttt ,liN it ts it t s t S pictlit insed to 1 it ii iw, tour hilt stiiool library m itMiss Gaiditrs dts .She is mt iiisit tqneen N ithittn of those iiih ioltrs o tittt pro iabl S r tcI ttt lit h litt .I nstd to tlook at ferT nd think iiOw slit mt]ust haVe tor that thing off and seratchedi i leurNeck o hen the -ttst tinishe paititing. The lady hadn't said ant thing to ic so fIri She had smiled a couple (f times, and 1c seeded to Low that I was waiting for lr to say something. She just sat there rubbig her necklace, ine pearl at a time, as if shi was thinking about what soie hygocne hiser had said to her as lie rhutiight them iup from the bottom of the sea, one at a time. .ItLoed iOt the it ndtOW to see withere the hdy had gotten on the bus, I onity saw a itat read, 'Tesitme Safe Speed." she had gotten ol the b])is il Nmolere. \\ hmiN bodly would evNctsI()\\ n inllNoihere i'll never Liow. There was only Slaitwi's Trock Stop, a cattle action, a grotCy\StOfre-Post office cutmhiniatioll and six Itltost burted Out, 1I a d oiIt In hl litr till doing in Noulire? BUt I didn't. Finally she talked to me.'\\ ithi all those iooks. I supose you are in llee somewhere. \mt 1 right?" Its, sie iWas rit. Aid ito sit' tit lti ask i ttii'it I am iajoring in. Ihiat always L OMCS IIXt Slit didt't. I tish SisSy)' sI;Oit otUld btate heard tIIhe 1,11N talk. Sissy liss next door to me in Niiihille.i ier brother Grady iytarried tis Nat br1 ide from ri ced adit tity live i ith Sissy i11d her old im .Ever since thee mttovted in. Sissi i s tried to tal like GratIy's wife, but tile til thin site ever sass is "Oui.' Noit t ill oll holnestl tin iTIit ttlkin to stItbody idi ltat in' thitet sA isoti" I to 3ittr o iat't t'IskI temo Ill bet i till V1 askd old iss if she wts c ra/y or sittethitng S' wtold S "Oi" jIust because Shlitdidn't Littoit ttt 1 rench itwordi for no. Grady 's wife lmist lit Stc 1 n It(i to t ntlill i 22'e0 0 0% 0o 0 0 0c *0 0. ci 0 .out of nowhere % 0 0 by BILL ADAMS 0 o0 o 0 0*o 00 0 000 0 oc **9 a Author Bill Adams based this story on an actual happening -involving himself when he was a freshman four years ago. I1 

PAGE 23

0 0 0 0 Well, I wanted Sissy to hear the lady'sitting ly ie talk because this lady was French, really French. She was as French as the Fiffel Tower. But she had been sitting right by me for maybe fifteen minutes ad hadn't 'said Om one single time. Old Sssy would alrealdy hasIe saidit least Iol r hundred iones. I told the lds o I iere I wcit to school and she told me 'where she ihad gone to school in Swit.'erlmid. I kept asking her questions and she kept anos cring" them just as fast as I asked them. Iere, sitting right by me on a bus, W as a lads who was born in Paris, had been a famous ballerina suhen she was 18, married a ss ealthv theatre owner when she w as nineteen, and was taking a bus tour of the United States. I guess I kept on asking questions so I wouldn't have to tell her I was 18, that I live on a farm in Nihilville, 'and was a freshman with a low "C" average in Collegetown. She had met Claude, her husband, when she was dancing in Paris. He was much older then her and much wealthier. She told me how poor her parents were when she was a little girl, and how she had worked to Pay for her ballet lessons. Claude had just died and left her plenty. Now she was "getting away front it all and seeing the world. She told me about the theatres her husband had owned, about the famous people she knew personally, and about the strange places she had visited. I kept wondering whby she was taking a bus tour. I hate busses and dread the trip every time I go home. The seats are always curved in just the wrong places, there either too hot or too cold, and they stop too much. A couple of miles down the road I found out the lady was taking a bus to be with the common people, "the real people," as she put it, "the people I haven't really known for many years." I guess she really meant it, because she could probably have rented a jet or something if she had wanted to. And then I stopped asking questions and' started feeling sorry for myself. I guess I was really jealous. Here was a woman who had something she could write about. She could write probably best sellers about the famous people, the places she had lived, and. the things she had done in her life. And me, hell. I wanted more than anything in the world to be a writer, and here I am stuck for the last 18 years on a damn farm where the most exciting thing that ever happens is a calf being born or strawberry prices going up because it's "unseasonally warm" up north and somebody started pushing more strawberry ice cream. She must have noticed something was wrong because she touched my hand and asked, "Now what about you, tell me all about yourself." Damn it, I thought, what do I say nowx. What can I say to impress the lady. Then I knew there wasn't anything I could say, so I so.ta shrugged and said, "Oh, there's not really much to tell," and faked a little laugh. She neither shrugged nor laughed. In the next thirty miles she told me things I'll never forget. Things like people write in high school yearbooks .Things like "keep that smile," and "always be as you are noW," "best of luck to one of the nicest guys I know." But tonight, on this bus, they' meant something. Coming froin a beautiful, successful old l.Id\ they meant something. Maia always said that Nhen you conplcte ly think everything is against you, that when you are almost ready to give up and chuck everything, something will happen. Alv some thing' happened that night. I had met a real lady, straight out of "Nowhere" who told me I could be what I wanted to be. Just before ive got to Smalltown, where we both changed busses, just before wve both realized we knew more about each other than we thought, just before we said goodbye to someone we had known for a long time even though we just met 45 miles ago, she looked at me and said, "Son, aim for everything that seems out of reach and then even your shortcomin'gs will be worthy of a little pride." It sounded so trite, so planned and rehearsed, but I knew she meant it. I watched her for a long time until she went around the end of the station to get on her bus to Slicker City. The lady was gone. I Went inside the station and looked at the magazines yon aren't supposed to read, not because they showed more girl than they should, but because the sign said "This Is A Newstand, 'Not A Library." I looked at the clock. It ssas twventv minutes before my bus would lease and I was hungry. I went into the diner. I picked up the menu, even though I knew I would order a plain burger with just mustard and fries. When I looked up at the waitress, she didn't say anything. I couldn't say anything either when I saw the tears in her eyes. I knew then that I could write. I could even write about a calf being born or about those strawberry prices going up and down. Why, now I could be anything I wanted to be. Finally the lady, my lady, with a shaky voice without a trace'of a' French accent, looked above me at the dingy ceiling and said, "What .a nice smile you have, young man, mnav I take .your order please." ~ALM4"S CUB1ANPA? M4AI -. ..' ... .... -s ALAN'S CUBANA THE THICKEST, MEATIEST, TASTIEST SANDWICHES IN TOWN Phone FR 2-3933 318 W. University Ave. '3 

PAGE 24

A SALUTE to the Fighting' 'Gator Baind Your Community is Proud of the Fine Job You Have Done in Representing the "Voice of Florida" REMEMBER, IT'S "POSH" TO BANK HERE ALWAYS WELCOME -.GAINESVILLE, FLA. CENTRAL CHARGE COMPLETE BANKING SERVICE CHECKING ACCOUNTS SAVINGS ACCOUNTS WITH INSTANT INTEREST THRIFTY CHECKING ACCOUNTS FRIENDLY SERVICE-CONVENIENT HOURS CITY BANK 1116 W. University Ave. MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION 
