
PAGE 1

V 1 f e Id va 'A" VOLUME 101 ISSUE 129 the independent florida ig a,410to of Florida P ubished by Campus Communications, Inc.of Gainesville, Florida We Inform. You Decide. D I~ecycIe THURSDAY.APRIL 3. 2008 By DREW HARWELL Alligator Stpff Writer dharwell@alligator.org A man who was arrested Tuesday at the Orlando International Airport on charges that he stowed the components of a pipe bomb in his luggage told investigators he had purchased the pieces in Gainesville, according to a criminal complaint filed Wednesday Kevin C. Brown, 32, was stopped defends eligibility Harrison Diamond / Alligator Staff UF student Sen. Sheldon Nagesh reviews a document during a hearing about his eligibility for his Senate seat Wednesday at the Reitz Union. 0 NAGESH'S ADDRESS AT CENTER OF ELIGIBILITY CONTROVERSY. By KATIE SANDERS Alligator Writer ksanders@alligator.org A UF student senator representing off-campus students is doing so from a few hundred miles away -at least technically. Members of a Senate committee said Wednesday that Sen. Sheldon Nagesh's home address in Texas satisfied a vague Student Body statute regarding the ZIP code needed to represent Student Government's District E. In its recommendation to the Senate, which will vote on thecase Tuesday, the Rules and Ethics Committee determined Nagesh's Gainesville P.O. Box was also Student sufficient, and the senator GOV lrnment shouldn't be expelled. The controversy over Nagesh's address started March 25, when Sen. Ben Cavataro, Orange and Blue Party Senate leader, charged that Nagesh shouldn't be allowed to keep his District E seat because the address on a resume Nagesh submitted for a Senate committee listed an address at the Phi Delta Theta Fraternity house -located in District A. In Cavataro's charge, he provided screen captures of Nagesh's Facebook page, which showed his address as Phi Delta Theta 317. Nagesh discounted Cavataro's evidence because he said Facebook is not a credible source, and there is no photographic evidence of him living there. Nagesh said he submitted a roster of fraternity members to the committee that showed he was listed as out of house. He said he uses the house as a mailing address because it's convenient to pick up mail there between lunches and dinners. However, on Nagesh's application to be a SEE HEARING, PAGE 8 before boarding an Air Jamaica flight to Montego Bay when Transportation Security Administration employ-ees found two vodka bottles containing nitromethane, a flammable fuel used in drag racing. A model rocket ignitBrown er, lighters, prescription bottles filled with BB pellets and lighter fluid were also found inside his checked baggage, according to the document. A backpack Brown was wearing at the time held diagrams on how to construct a pipe bomb using items like the ones in his luggage. According to Seminole County Jail records, Brown's last residence was at 3700 27th Street, Gainesville's Lexington Crossing Apartments. Brown moved in SEE BOMB, PAGE 8 Senator u The College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Faculty Finance Committee said a mandated 6 percent budget cut proposal would be too "drastic." See story, Page 5. AYllhl -Ifom QOmmer i W s -ds 0 Matt den Dekker had a three-run home run and a RBI triple, but it wasn't enough to overcome bad pitching by the UF baseball team in its 11-10 loss to UNF in 10 innings. See story, Page 25. FORECAST OPINIONS the AVENUE I CLASSIFIEDS CROSSWORD SPORTS 1 2 2 Dahlem's widow backs safety site By DEBORAH SWERDLOW Alligator Writer dswerdlow@al1igator.org One year ago today, Gainesville Police Department Lt. Corey Dahlem took to the streets to protect revelers of UF's men's basketball national championship. In the early hours of April 3, 2007, a drunken driver hit Dahlem, and he died the next day. "We don't want any families to go through what our family has gone through." Sally Dahlem GPD Lt. Corey Dahlem's widow His widow, Sally Dahlem, stood outside the Reitz Union on Wednesday, encouraging UF students to use Nightlife Navigators, a new Web site that provides information about nighttime transportation to reduce drunken drinking. "We don't want any families to go through what our family has gone through," Dahlem said. "It's not an accident. It's something that's totally preventable." Nightlife Navigators celebrated its official kickoff Wednesday on the Reitz Union North Lawn with free pizza and a short address by Dahiem. d. Tyler Parramore, a UF law student and the Web site's director, said Student Government, Florida Blue Key, the Initerfraternity Council and the Panhellenic Council started planning the site in fall of 2007. 1 The site lists Gainesville cab companies, Regional Transit System Later Gator routes and the free ride services offered by Gator Ride, a UF student organization. Parramore said he's working with City Commissioner Jeanna Mastrodicasa, who also serves as UF's Assistant Vice President for Student Affairs, to create taxi hubs SEE DAHLEM, PAGE 8 STATE Orlando bomb suspect has local ties 6 8 Thunder 3 Storms 83/63 5 visit www.alligator.org ,HRSA ARL320 Not officially associated with the University 23 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 News Today WHAT'S HAPPENING '99 Balloons For A Cause' Reitz Union Colonnade, 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., today Alpha Phi Omega, a co-ed community service fraternity, will invite students to pay to pop a balloon with prizes inside including coupons, candy and more. Donations are also welcome, and all proceeds benefit the St. Francis House. H.O.T. Clay Spring Sale Reitz Union Colonnade, 9 a.m. to 6p.m., today H.O.T. Clay will host this fundraising ceramics sale to help the UF ceramics department. Museum Nights Florida Museum of Natural History, 5 p.m. to 9 p.m, tonight There will be free admission to. the Butterfly Rainforest for students with Gator 1 ID cards. Celebration of Service Reitz Union Grand Ballroom, 7 p.m., tonight The Center for Leadership and Service and the Dean of Students Office will hold an awards ceremony for those who have served in the community throughout the year. Like What You See? If you have an event you would like to see posted here, please STUDENT LOANS ON ANYTHING! TV's Stereo's Jewelry Musical Instruments Tools 1 We, buy gold & cash checks BEST JEWELRY & LOAN U23 NW 3rd Ave. (352) 371-4367 pawn brokers Aute AM""' -T Repair/Service Foreign & Domestic Free Electrical Check with purchase AAMAC 3 8 d 7 7 378-7676 508 8th Ave. ALLIGAT~o AovERTISING LIViNG \dO Ten Ways to Save Gas and Money .Following the Consumer Federation of America's ten tips could save you upto 20% or more on fuel costs. ups Gas Savings Money Savings .Drive with your 35% $0.96pergallon foot off the brake 2. Drive more smoothly 33% -$0.48 per gallon 3. Clean the air filter 10% $0.28 per gallon 4. Align all tires 10% $0.28 per gallon 5. Slow down 7% $0.19 per gallon 6. Tune the engine 4% $0.11 per gallon 7. Properly inflate all tires 2.8% $0.08 per gallon 8. Lightenyour load 2% $0.04 per gallon 9. Check your gas cap -$0.02 per gallon 10. Avoid idling -$0.01 per gallon Source: MSN "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" e-mail it to dculclasure@all igator.org, and put "What's Happening" in the subject line. The Alligator strives ta be accurate and, cleIsaits aes reports and editorials. If, ydolcnd an erro, please ca aournewsroora ,at 1352) 376-458or an eh o all editor~aiigatoicorg.,1 th0campus kitchens project welcome to the newest classroom S0 Campus: f. the kitchen. Fight hunger in your community Email: info@ campuskitchens.org I'D Owrnsg the independent florida atligatior VOLUME 101 isSUE 129 ISSN 0889-2423 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by campus communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Chad Smith, csmith@alligator.org Managing Editor/ Print Devin Culclasure, dculclasure@alligator.org Managing Editor/ Online Megan Taylor, mtaylor@alligator.org University Editor Kim Wilmath, kwilmath@alligator.org Metro Editor Jessica Pon n,]jponn@alligator.org Enterprise Editor Yudislaidy Fernandez, yfernandez@alligator.org Freelance Editor NoelSanchez, nsanchez@alligator.org Opinions Editor Panagiota Papakos, ppapakos@alligator.org Sports Editor Mike McCall, mmccall@alligator.org Sports Assistant Editor Phil Kegler, pkegler@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor -Evan Drexler, edrexler@alligator.org Editorial Board Chad Smith, Devin Culclasure, Panagiota Papakos, Don Kershaw, Leigh Shapiro Photo Editors Nicole Safker, nsafker@alligator.org Andrew Stanfill, astanfill@alligator.org the Avenue Editor David Low, dlow@alligator.org Graphics Staff Vicky Cabrera, Mikala Kuchera Copy Desk Chiefs Andrea Asuaje, Kimberly Fulscher, Mike Harkins, Jennifer Shepard Copy Editors Vanessa Cantwell, Shelby Etheridge, Ashley Furrow, Holli Horton, Kristen Huff, Kristen Humphrey, Megan Jeffers, Amy Moczynski, Katherine Mojena, Rend Perez, Kristen Scheff, Stephanie Slade, Lindsay Weaver Staff Drew Harwell, Bryan-Jones, Jenna Marina, Brian Steele, Nick Zaccardi Online Staff Ryan Moulton, Carmen Osoro-Rodrigues DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482, 800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org Retail Advertising Manager Rose Sierra, rsierra@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Victoria Livingston, vlivingston@alligator.org Advertising Assistant Melissa Bell Office Assistant Sarah Buckwald, Caitlin Wilcox Intern Coordinator Lauren Solomon Sales Representatives Wendy Alexaitis, Mirian Bobodilla, Jessica Doren, Donna Gurnic, Jonathan Hsu, Troy Johnston, Ashley Moore, Madeline Ross, Jenna Turaniczo CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015 (Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks Marianne Cooper, Wildivina Rosario, Cassia Sookhoo CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckearnan@alligator.org Circulation Assistant David Carlson BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Malloy, businessoffice@alligator.org Accounts Receivable Supervisor Sharin Sexton Bookkeeper Melissa Bell ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Managers Rebekah Hudder Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, lmcgowan@alligator.org President Emeritus C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org PRODUCTION Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator.org Editorial Production Supervisors Kristin Bjrnsen, James Hibbs Advertising Production Staff Erica Bales, Aki Chang, Briana O'Sullivan Editorial Production Staff Billy Bender, Kelley Coggins, Kevin Hart, Prissy Nelson The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, campus Communications Inc., P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of America, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $1,8 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W. University Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for holidays. Classified also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. @ Copyright 2005. All rights reserved. No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus communications Inc. 

PAGE 3

THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 3 ALLIGATOR, 3 ttl N. "Ico Hurley nography" banded halter. $46. Belted hipsters. $42. Junior S-M-L. r Earn flillardj's Rewar Pnns $~a a L Rwnd thobiect to credt approt Certificates for peinaDfrd crei cr -I 1Tt I The Style of Your Life. APPLY TODAY! Ceroificaoes When account mitt amee with the Dilard' Card and expire 60 days from rsuace os -* Every Time You Shop Receie J AccOpenAn $ see credit application for Rewards program terms. USE YOUR DILLARD'S CHARGE. WE ALSO WELCOME VISA, MASTERCARD, AMERICAN EXPRESS, DINER'S CLUB & DISCOVER CARD. THE OAKS MALL, (352) 331-1455: Mon.-Sat. 10-9, Sun. 12-6 I I -ZZ_- 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 Pulitzer Prize winner discusses polio's role in history 0 AUTHOR DETAILS SWEEPING FEAR OF DISEASE IN '40s, '50s. By SARAH JONES Alligator Contributing Writer Pulitzer Prize-winner David Oshinsky spoke at UF Wednesday night about the historical and cultural effects that polio, which hasn't been seen in the U.S. in two decades, has had on the 20th century. Oshinsky, a history professor at the University of Texas at Austin, won the 2006 Pulitzer Prize in History for his most recent work, "Polio: An American Story." About 50 people came to Pugh Hall to hear his lecture, which was hosted by the UF Department of History in partnership with the Alexander Grass Chair in Jewish Studies. Oshinsky spoke about the scientific and cultural details of the race to cure polio, a childhood disease that ravaged the U.S. in the '40s and '50s. He told personal anecdotes, including his experience as one of the two million children who were part of the largest public health experiment in history. Oshinsky emphasized the paralyzing fear the virus caused across the country and the "great polio crusade" that ensued in the effort to knock out the disease that targeted children. "I often write about things I remember," he said, "and I remember my mother making me stay out of crowds, out of swimming pools and away from beaches." "This is a story with a great ending," Oshinsky said, speaking of how quickly the vaccine was discovered after research began. As Oshinsky dosed, he reminded the audience that although polio has been eradicated in the U.S., it still exists in the rest of the world. But there is hope that the virus will be eliminated from the planet by 2010, he said. UF history senior lecturer Steven Noll uses Oshinsky's novels, including "Polio," in his courses to help students better connect with the material. "I'm always looking for books that engage students and that are fun to read," Noll said. "And he's just such a good writer." "This is not a book you want to read going to sleep, 'cause it will keep you up," he *aid. Sarah Hsu / Alligator Pulitzer Prize-winning author David Oshinsky signs copies of his wining book, "Polio: An American Story," after speaking about it to a small crowd in Pugh Hall Wednesday evening. ON CAMPUS Event to promote organ donation By KATIE SANDERS Alligator Writer ksanders@alligator.org As part of National Donate Life Month, members of a student organization that encourages organ donation will host a free concert tonight at the Orange & Brew. The event, Lifeapalooza, features performances from three artists and speeches from two organ recipients, said Michael Glickman, co-director of Get Carded. Doors open at 8:30 p.m., and the first of three musical guests, Nicole Christianson, is scheduled to take the stage at 9 p.m. The Matt Hobbs Band will follow. Glickman said members of Get Carded would also distribute state-approved, organ-donor identification cards to attendees. He said the organization held another event in fall called "Greeks Get Carded," and this is the second year of "Lifeapalooza." "It's just a transformation for me. My life before the transplant -always on dialysis. It's been such a huge change for the better." Elyssa Winston UFjunior He expects attendance to be higher this year because Get Carded teamed up with the Reitz Union Board and the American Medical Student Association to offer the concerts. -At about 10:30 p.m., crowd members will form a giant human ribbon symbolizing support for organ donation on the Reitz Union Amphitheatre while donning green T-shirts and glow sticks distributed at the concert. After the photo-op, the night's headlining band, Umoja Orchestra, will perform and another transplant recipient. will speak to the crowd. Elyssa Winston, a UF recreation and event management junior and one of the night's speakers, received a kidney transplant from her father in January. Winston, who had kidney problems since she was 13, was on dialysis for a year after her kidney failed in December 2006. She said her speech would focus on what her life was like before she received her transplant and how the procedure has changed her. "It's just a transformation for me," she said. "My life before, the transplant -always on dialysis. It's been such a huge change for the better." Center court Oaks Mail 352.332.3950 sunglass5@bellsouthnet April 7, 2008 Turlington lOam-2pmi Gov n uni n ntCan ecn fo their Promn or Homecoming dances. Questions? Contact Erica at 9541292 8247. Karnali at 407-810-3502 or Woman attacked in Constant Theatre Police are looking for a man who reportedly attacked a woman early Wednesday morning in the Constans Theatre, located adjacent to the Reitz Union. A building services employee told the University Police Department she was walking through a door in one of the building's stairwells when a man grabbed her and pulled her toward him, according to a UP) news release. c tShe was able to punch the man and run away, Public the release stated. Safety The incident occurred around 5:40 a.m., according to the release. The suspect is described as a 5-foot-7-inch white man with brown hair. At the time of the incident, he was wearing a white T-shirt with a red bulldog logo and black shorts, the release stated. While the Wednesday incident resembles three incidents reported on campus in early November 2007, officers do not believe this case is related. Anyone with relevant information or who has been a victim of a similar attack should contact Det. Mandy Spurlin at 352392-1111. -JESSICA PONN 

PAGE 5

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 N ALLIGATOR, 5 Gym to add classrooms By ILEANA MORALES Alligator Writer imorales@aIIigator.org Construction to add five classrooms to the Florida Gym began Tuesday. The classrooms should be ready by fall semester for anatomy and physiology classes and labs, said Michele Dye, spokeswoman for the College of Health and Human Performance. One of the basketball courts in the south side of the gym will be transformed into five classrooms and one storage room designed for lab-based classes in the Department of Applied Physiology and Kinesiology, Dye said. There will still be two courts available for students to play basketball or other sports, she said. The project was approved in December 2007 and received $425,000 for construction from the Office of the Provost "before all the budget cuts," she said. Dye said she didn't know if the extra classrooms and classes would call for hiring extra staff. Mark Tillman, an associate professor in the Department of Applied Physiology and Kinesiology, said the 5,534 square feet of classrooms would allow the college to offer more course sections. "It's definitely needed," Tillman said. "We have to turn students On away every semester CaMPUS because we don't have enough seats for them." He said during fall semesters there are usually three anatomy lecture sections that accommodate about 700 students, but lab space is limited. Adding more classrooms with sinks could allow for twice as many lab sections in the fall and classes could be capped at 25 students instead of 30, he said. The ongoing construction will cut lab space in half for now, but Tillman said he hopes the "growing pains" will be worth it. UF ADMINISTRATION Committee: Can't cut CLAS By DEBORAH SWERDLOW Alligator Writer dswerdlow@alligator.org Officials from UF's College of Liberal Arts and Sciences said the college would be unable to make the 6 percent budget cut UF President Bernie Machen asked each college to prepare for earlier this semester. Laying off faculty members and eliminating several degree programs are the only ways CLAS could possibly cut 6 percent, or $3 million, from its 2008-2009 budget, according to a report from the college's Faculty Finance Committee. But the committee wrote that those solutions would be too "drastic." The report also identified six ways a total of about $1 million could be saved, such as eliminating the spring graduation ceremony and all elective and Honors courses. But those suggestions would also harm CLAS' mission, it stated. Machen wrote in an e-mail Wednesday he would not comment on the report until he releases his budget recommendations for next year, which should be ready this month. This would be the second $3 million cut for CLAS' 2008-2009 budget. The college was forced to trim its budget due to decreased legislative funding earlier this year, and the committee released a report in February advising CLAS Interim Dean Joe Glover on how to do so. d be A few days before the committee released Glover that report, Machen asked each department to submit a proposal for a hypothetical 6 percent budget cut next year in anticipation of more legislative cuts. Glover asked CLAS' finance committee to draft a second set of recommendations, and he wrote in an e-mail Wednesday that he would consider the committee's concerns when he submits his proposal to Machen this month. 12th Annual Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings Writing the Region July 23-27, 2008 Thomas Center Gainesville, FL Intensive fiction and poetry, nonfiction, screenwriting, and more! Screenwriter Jamie Pachino of Shrek, Shrek 2, and The Chronicles of Narnia screenwriting workshop. Toll Free: 888-917-7001 www.writingtheregion.com This event funded in part by a grant from the Alachua County Tourist Development Grant, www.visitgainesvile.com, the Florida Division of Cultural Affairs, the City of Gainesville, and the Friends of the Library. 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR 0 THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 Editorial Dubious District Senator's multiple addresses suspicious In yet another indication that UF's Student Government is destined to continue business as usual, the Student Senate Rules and Ethics Committee decided to unanimously allow Sen. Sheldon Nagesh to continue representing District E despite pressing concerns about his true residential address -which is anyone's guess at this point. We would by lying if we said that we were shocked at the news. The fact that Senate President Kellie Dale admitted Monday that she was initially confused about Nagesh's address when viewing his original application yet still decided to go along with it as it was approved by other senators and the Senate secretary speaks volumes about her leadership abilities. Following the majority opinion when it is clearly not the right course of action does not show signs of someone who has the best interests of students in mind, but rather someone who is willing to allow a bending -or in this case a blurring -of the rules in keeping with party politics, Of course. And so we also have to question whether the same quiet consent would have been exercised had Nagesh not been a member of the ruling Gator Party. Our guess is that his application would have not progressed any further than an SG garbage can. The argument at Wednesday's hearing gets even shadier. The contention that Nagesh's Texas address could be valid for representing students is laughable. Technically, the Student Body statute that govems who may represent a particular district states that those who wish to represent District E may be from "all zip codes not listed above." How conveniently ambiguous. But to suggest and accept that it allows him to continue to represent District E when he so clearly does not reside in Texas full-time-is a slap in the face to anyone who expected open, fair government from this administration. Does this one indistinct statute allow Nagesh the privilege of representing District E? That argument is so weak that it's hard to understand how it could have been honestly accepted. When Audrey Goldman, chairwoman of the Rules and Ethics Counittee, told senators that the entire investigation of Nagesh's address would be transpamnt, they should have definitely taken her word for it -because we see right through it. Further inspection of the statute reveals "All off-campus residents will elect senators in multi-member districts based upon the zip code in which they live." And according to Statute 322.125, "A Senator must live in the district which he or she represents at the time of his election." So, when Nagesh produced a letter at the hearing that had been mailed to him at a previously unknown Melrose address, the red flags were abundantly dear. Anyone could mail something to someone, even if the address is completely bogus. Also, knowing that Nagesh listed a District A address -notably the Phi Delta Theta Fraternity house -on his resume sent to the Replacement and Agenda Committee leaves us wonder-ing what else he has misrepresented. If his resignation can't be forced on a technicality, it should be demanded on account of integrity. This obvious attempt at deception also shows that the Rules and Ethics Committee should consider dropping its second title because they evidently do not understand any form of ethics. Opinions CMlrose,? ALLIGATOR www.a igato r.org/opi nion 00 '3' "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" 0 th. tiatdnped-t fleoird alligator Chad Smith EDITOR Devin AlElasbre MANAGING EDITOR Panagiota Papakos OPINIONS EDITOR Don Kershaw Leigh Shapiro EDITORIAL BOARD The Alligator encourages comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about one letter-sized page). They must be tped, double-spaced and must include the author's name, classitiaton and phone number. Names will be withheld ifthe wrter sbows just cause. me reserve the right to edit tar length, grammar, style aod bel. bead lemots to leGers@aligatar.rg, bring them to 112 2 W. University ue., or send tbem to pR. Boo 1d27, bairresuille' FL 32604t-22b71 Colamns at about 550 words about original topics and editorial cartoons are alsa welcome. Questions? Call 376-so5a. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: Are you an Wednesday's question: Do you organ donor? buy notes for your classes from a note-taking service? Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org 52% YES 48% NO 48 TOTAL VOTES 

PAGE 7

Letters to the Editor Lawsuit is about professor's I find it disgusting that ih suit over Einstein's Notes. I Moulton's Wildlife Issues clas I was required to buy the mar tronic textbook." At the time, i lot for a college student. The' nothing more than a CD, DVD seemingly no larger than a driv manual. All of this mass-produ what I would call "cheap qu overpriced. I could only assume the prof of the profits by contracting Press. To clarify, I attended eve never used Einstein's Notes. underlying issue of money g students' pockets to be the big Give Einstein's a break, all stu CD anyway for homework cre it matter in the end? They'll ge anyway. Faulkner seeks to stifle knoi Faulkner Press is suing Ei for copying class notes with fessor's permission. Wait, wh college was about passing on guess Faulkner Press disagrees This falls so neatly into th clause of U.S. copyright law: of a copyrighted work .for as .teaching (including multi classroom use) [and] scholars infringement of copyright." "ideas, .concepts, principle copyrighted. And to nail the lid on the co Notes doesn't just blindly re source material verbatim; the product: a summary of the p ture, and a compilation of usef the class. They cite their source that is required when using tI for their notes. Case closed. The free flow of information critical to a democratic society. T of Florida is a place of learning focate ourselves by depriving knowledge. Pa Florida Free C Tibet needs to be considered The recent furor over th handled the Tibetan riot onl the wide cultural gap between profits World and China. From an ethnic Chinese ere is a lawpoint of view, the Tibetan uprising violated took Michael two extremely important rules of social cons in 2005, and duct within the Chinese society. ndatory "elecFirst, the Olympics is an international t was $80 -a event and China will be gaining intemacontents were tional political recognition and a tremendous and a booklet number of business opportunities. To that er's education extent, maintaining appearances or "face" is ced, all of this paramount. The uprising is a direct slap to ality" and all that "face," a transgression that is not easily forgiven or forgettable. Moreover, keeping essor got a cut problems tightly controlled within the "famwith Faulkner ily" is necessary to not losing "face" in the ry lecture and public. To an ordinary Chinese person, getYet I find the ting the international media involved would rubbing from have appeared traitorous. problem here. Second, most Chinese probably think dents buy the that Tibet benefited much from Chinese dit, what does rule. As such the uprising would appear as t your money ungratefulness on the part of the Tibetans. Philanthropy plays a huge part in a Chinese Crystal Mason society. Thus, the uprising is also another slap 1PH to the Chinese government's magnanimity, a most egregious offense. The crushing of the pledge flow uprising was an internal affair and has nothnstein's Notes ing to do with the international community. out the proWithin this patriarchic society, the crushat? I thought ing of the uprising was like a father disciplinknowledge. I ing his unruly child and the international .community has no business jabbing into e "Fair Use" what was supposed to be a purely internal "the fair use affair. Using the Olympics as a way to apply urposes such pressure would be ungrateful to the Chinese ple copies for hospitality. iip. is not an To a Chinese person, keeping the dirty Furthermore, laundry within the family is more important s" cannot be than abstract ideas such as human rights, democracy or self-deternination. ffin, Einstein's Gelin Looi distribute the 4LS y offer a new rofessor's lecal material for s, which is all these materials n is absolutely Lhe University Let's not sufourselves of trick Flanagan culture member in context e way China y highlighted n the Western China has history of crushing dissent I can't help but wonder if recent letters defending China's "liberation" (invasion) of Tibet were penned by Chinese Communist Party members doing student work at UP. This is the official party line in a country without a free press, where opposition to one-party, communist rule is dealt with harshly and quickly. Americans remember the events of Tiananmen Square some years ago, when hundreds of student protesters were shot and killed while peacefully assembling. But the younger generation of Chinese don't; they receive information only after it has been carefully scrutinized and edited by the country's 30,000 government-employed Internet censors, among others. A Google search of "Tiananmen Square" in China yields very different results than one entered anywhere else in the world. No reference to the incident that caused international outrage will even show up; just some happy pictures of people celebrating the "great Communist state." In an Orwellian world, described in the novel 1984, where the government controls all information that is released to its citizens, fonning an informed opinion is difficult. And in a country like China -which has a 99 percent conviction rate in its criminal trials -dissent is dangerous business. As Americans, we gasp in horror at this act of sheer brutality. The Tibetan people have spoken time again: China out, Dalai Lama back in. Shouldn't the world support them in getting what they want? Ian Schleifer instructor, Reitz Union leisure courses a E E Party takes back seat in SG committees I began my term as Student Senate president excited about leading a two-party Senate that would exercise dynamic debate to create fresh ideas and new perspectives for the student body. In order to accomplish that, however, I believe it's necessary that we consider senators not based on their party affiliation but rather on the ideas and goals they have to improve the University of Florida. Already, we have senators from both parties working hard to increase campus safety, contribute to the U.S. Public Interest Research Groups' New Voters Project and provide for a variety of food venues on campus. Party affiliation doesn't matter in these initiatives what matters is that student senators elected to represent the student body are using their platform points to help students throughout the university. I know that applying for committees is very competitive. When I began my first term as a student senator, I applied four times before I was appointed to the Allocations Committee five months into my term. I encourage senators to continue applying for committee seats, including the ad hoc committees I will create to investigate special interests, and to use their knowledge and passion to continue the University of Florida's tradition of greatness. Kellie Dale Student Senate president Partisan politics distract from duty Student Senate reporting needs to be more representative of Senate's business. Wednesday's article referencing the call for Senate President Kellie Dale's resignation THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 7 was an example of irresponsible journalism; a higher degree of integrity needs to be used when reporting on senate meetings. The call for resignation was an attempt to undermine the progress of the Student Senate and in no way the focal point of the meeting. The meeting included a resolution honoring Army veteran Jonathon Cote and also funded two new student groups. Members of the Orange and Blue Party have made a habit of engaging in partisan politics instead of focusing on measures that will benefit the students. These actions are detrimental to Student Government's mission of serving the student body and need to cease in order for the Student Senate to carry out its duties. The few bipartisan efforts undertaken have produced great things and this should continue. Our duty as senators is to better the experience of each student at the University of Florida. Thomas Cockriel Student Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Committee meetings broke Florida law The flurry of letters from the Gator Party shows their peculiar interpretation of the Florida Sunshine Statutes. This doesn't surprise me since it was the Gator Party-appointed SG Supreme Court that reinterpreted the 14' Amendment to the U.S. Constitution to disqualify the online voting amendment. The Rules and Agenda Committee meeting in question had no public notice posted the required 24 hours ahead of time and no agenda posted for the public. That's against the law. They met behind locked doors despite knowing the public could no longer gain access to their meeting, refused to stop or change location. That's also against the law no matter how well-intentioned. They didn't record the meeting or take official minutes so there is no record of what was said. That not only violates Florida Law, but it also violates Student Body Statutes Chapter 315. The Gator Party defended these actions by claiming ignorance. The problem is that means not only does the Gator Party not know Florida law, they also don't know their own statutes, which they changed just last year. In the election they pitched themselves as trustworthy of our votes because of their experience. But if they don't even read the statutes they vote on, what does that say about their experience? Sam Miorelli Students for Online Voting president Help wanted?. Alligator Classifieds. [352]373 I Ni~-~~I I I --TT I I I I ONE HOUR SERVICE 6 Butler Plaza Newberry Square IFIND (next to Archer Rd. WaIMart) (next to Newberry Rd, K-Mart) 3354232 332-3937 al ao r L 1111100 $$ NEED EXTRA MONEY $$ FREE DENTAL SCREENING ADA 0140 (limited oral exam) & ADA 0272 (2 x-rays) OFFER VALID THROUGH JUNE 2008 BE PAID TO PARTICIPATE $200 perproc For patients who qualify & paricipate in the JUNE Florida Denial icensing exjiination TO SCHEDULE AN INBG LOTS & WINNDIXE N. MA IN SI. APPOINTMENT SHOPPING (CR PLEASE CALL 2442 N. MAIN ST. FDLS, Inc. 23 MUST BE IS YO & NOT PREGNANT TO PARTICIPATE tHE PAtIENT AND ANY OTHER PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYMVIENT HAS THE tlGHT TO REFUSE TO PAY. CANCEL PAYMENT OR tIE REIMBURSED FOR PAY MENT FOR ANY OT LE R SERVICE. EXAMINAFION OR TREATMENT tAt IS PCI RFORM D AS A RESULT OF AND WITHIN A 72 HOURS OF RESPONDING TO THE ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE FREE, DISCOUNTED IEIOR FREE SERVICE, EXAMINATION ORTREAiVMENT 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR E THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 Residents discuss city issues with commissioners 0 TRAFFIC, ENVIRONMENT DISCUSSED AT MEETING. By KATIE GALLAGHER Alligator Writer kgaIIagher@a11igator.org Citizens of Southwest Gainesville had few complaints Wednesday night at the third of four district City Commission meetings. The meeting was low-key after District 2's fervent complaints about a proposed homeless center and District l's overwhelmingly high turnout. District 3, which includes the west half of UF's campus and has a high student population, has few serious problems, said Commissioner Jack Donovan, who represents the district. "On the west side of Gainesville, development tends to be satisfactory,"'he said. The meeting opened with a presentation by city officials, who highlighted the area's growth, including construction of banks and new apartment complexes. About 25 people attended -compared with 100 at the District 1 meeting., but about the same amount showed up at the District 2 meeting. Only a handful voiced concerns, which were mostly about road quality and the environment. District 3 resident Dwight Adams brought a list of America's 50 most enviGainesville City ronmentally COMMIS1 I friendly cities with him, noting that Gainesville was not on it. "They should be working to get on the next list," he said before the meeting. Nancy Sever, a District 3 resident for 22 years, said she was concerned the city wasn't doing enough about global warming. "I'll be dead by the time this happens, but my grandchildren will be alive," Sever said. Vibeke Vala, who has lived in the district for 40 years, was concerned with narrow and steep sidewalk ramps along Northwest 34th Street. "For me, I push my father in a wheelchair and I can't maneuver him," Vala said. Despite the district's high student population, few students were at the meeting. Vanessa Vargas, a UF law student who attended the meeting for class, said she didn't realize that the district covers the house she has owned for more than two years until she arrived at the meeting. "Now that I'm here, I'm actually looking at some stuff," said Vargas, who said she has had trouble with neighbors violating noise ordinances. Donovan encouraged citizens who spoke to share their "visions" for the city. The commission plans to vote on an official vision for the city sometime this summer, he said, and he hoped to get citizen input. "My vision for Gainesville is that it be sustainable in balance of population and environment, vital in economy and culture, and safe and sound for everybody," he said. Senate will hear case Tuesday HEARING, from pagel1 replacement senator, he listed a P.O. Box belonging to ZIP code 32604 as his mailing address. He argued that his P.O. Box qualifies him to run for District E because that district includes all ZIP codes not covered by districts A, B, C or D, according to UF's Student Body statutes. Nagesh received a subpoena Tuesday from Audrey Goldman, chairwoman of the Rules and Ethics Committee to provide evidence he doesn't live at the fraternity house and he owns the P.O. Box. Nagesh showed photos of the box's key and him opening it with the key. He said he receives his bills at that location. He said when he filled out his Senate application, he provided the P.O. Box address because the form asked him to provide a mailing address, not a place of residency. He submitted evidence to the committee showing that his residence is at an address in Melrose, about 20 miles from Gainesville, with a 32666 ZIP code. He provided a bank record and mail receipt of a letter sent to that address. But Sen. Beau Frail, a committee member, said he did not consider the Melrose receipt valid because it didn't prove Nagesh lived there -only that someone mailed something to him at that address. Nagesh also submitted a copy of his Texas driver's license with a Houston address. The committee found this to be a valid address and said the ZIP code qualified him to represent District E under the statutes' current wording. "This is clearly not what the Student Body statutes are meant to imply." Cain Norris Cavataro's counsel Though Goldman asserted that it wasn't the committee's job to interpret the statutes, many senators at the hearing complained that the wording should be revised. Cain Norris, Cavataro's counsel, said after the meeting that the committee's decision established a person's out-oftown address as an acceptable claim for residency in the Student Senate. "This is clearly not what the Student Body statutes are meant to imply," Norris said. Web site paid for by tuition funds DAHLEM, from page 1 around bars and clubs. Mastrodicasa said the taxi hubs would hopefully be established by this summer. Parramore said he also hopes to attract more cab companies to Gainesville and form partnerships between the companies and local apartment complexes to provide reduced rates on weekend nights. "Instead of just saying, 'Don't drink and drive,' like so many campaigns do, we wanted to do something to solve the problem," he said. Kevin Reilly, UF Student Body president-elect, said it cost about $8,000 in SG funds to start the Web site and advertise for it. The money comes from students' Activity and Service fees, which are part of tuition. After the ceremony, Dahlem said she thinks the Web site could help reduce drunken driving because it reminds students about transportation alternatives. "If anything good can come out of this, it's awareness," she said. Report: Man stopped in Orlando airport bought pipe bomb supplies in Gainesville Brown said he bought the items in Gainesville and intended to assemble and then detonate the pipe bomb on a tree stump in Jamaica. Later, Brown said he hoped to show friends how to build explosives "like the kind he saw in Iraq," according to the document. Authorities did not release detonator and the model rocket public defender, Clarence Counts, information about whether and igniter as a wick. declined to comment as he prewhen Brown was Brown told the agent that he pared for a formal bond hearing State there. had concealed the liquid in a vodThursday. ,News The agent went on ka bottle to sidestep examination As of Wednesday, Brown was to write that Brown by the airport's security. ordered by a federal judge to be could have assembled the bomb According to The Associated detained in Orlando without bail by using the nitromethane as a Press, Brown's court-appointed until later in the investigation. Snip, Snip Pat Coughlin, a ceramics graduate student, receives a haircut outside the Fine Arts courtyard from Cassie Ryalls, also a ceramics student, Wednesday. BOMB, from page 1 with his brother, Theo, in early February, according to their roommate, UP alumnus Blake Bonsack. In the court document, an FBI task force agent wrote that 

PAGE 9

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 E ALLIGATOR, 9 LARGE 1, 2 & 3 G BEDROOM PLANS SAUNA A P A R T M E N T S -SwIMINw, Poot LAUNIDW 700 SW 62ND BLVD. 877-78 1-83 4 WoRKour Room PErS WELCOME WWW.LAKEWOODVILLAS.COM TENNIS COURTS LUXURY APARTMENT HOMES 701 SW 62ND BLVD. 888-261-5078 w w W. s p y g Ia s s ap t s. c om SIndividual Leases Fuirnished Units Modern Weight Room SComnputer/Studyv Room O Monitored Alarm Systems SEvery Unit is an End Unit SUtility & Entertainment Packages Available SSwimming Pool Sauna eWhirlpool Tennis Courts S-ind Volleyball B BasketbaR -4, z V;, 

PAGE 10

10, ALLIGATOR E THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 By ILEANA MORALES Alligator Writer imorales@alligator.org UF research projects were given more than $3 million in grants from the Florida Legislature, the Board of Governors announced on Wednesday. The grant program, established during the 2007 legislative session, intends to help move ideas from campuses to the marketplace, said Bill Edmonds, spokesman for the board, which is the highest governing body for Florida's university system. Seven other state universities received grants. UF claimed the most money, with seven of 19 awards from the Legislature. Six "Phase I" grants, worth about $500,000 each, intend to help UF market projects in early stages of developing business plans. The "Phase II" grant worth $250,000 is to help finalize project plans. Fueling university research will benefit the state economy, which is moving toward being more knowledge-based and technology-driven, Edmonds said. "Go back 10 years ago -the legislation wasn't funding anything like this," Edmonds said. He said Florida could no longer depend on agriculture and tourism to sustain itself, especially when less tax revenue has been collected than the previous year for the second time in the state's modern history. "This knowledge-based economy appears to be where the real action is," he said. Edmonds said the award amounts aren't huge, but they are big enough to make a "huge difference" and aid those whose expertise is to find ways to market their research. "You almost develop a sense of tragedy because there are so many great ideas that never get anywhere," Edmonds said. "You can never take luck and personality out of the equation, but we're trying to add another element." "You almost develop a sense of tragedy because there are so many great ideas that never get anywhere." Bill Edmonds Board of Governors spokesman David Day, office of technology licensing director in UF's Office of the Vice President of Research, said research from universities makes them the "engines of the new economy." Day said UF's awards would fund cancer, autism and Parkinson's disease research. These projects would've gotten by without the grants, but not as quickly or successfully, he said. "The rest of the world is always going to be able to offer lower cost goods than us," Day said. "So it is through complexity and technology that we will be able to compete in the world." Day said the research being funded by the grant program could begin stimulating the sluggish state economy in the next two years. you want the best. equipment selection -scuba class .rentals 352-377-3483 www.AquaticCenter.comfl Harrison Diamond / Alligator Staff Shadowy Repairs A worker sprays water onto parts of the south side of Ben Hill Griffin Stadium from a bucket lift Wednesday. Workers first ground down parts of the concrete, then sprayed the water and then a chemical to treat it. HEALTH INSURANCE "Students need Health Insurance.Help protect yourself from the rising cost of medical services. You deserve quality health insurance coverage, and it is available for you. We at Chip Williams & Associates will help you acquire that insurance." Chip Williams WE FIND ANSWERS. CHIP WILLIAMS & ASSOCIATE ES A Contracted General Agency For: Independent Insurance Agents BlueCross BlueShield of Florida Fr N r 33-d 36 .W. d Avenue373-0775 FormNumbr: 1533-99SU3669 S.W. 2nd Avenue U7!RESEARCH UF receives $3M in grants 

PAGE 11

just A Bad Dream Band touring, preparing new long player ALLIE CONTI AVENUE WRITER Nightmare of You is not a hardcore band (however misleading their name may be), it is not a poppunk band and the members are not fighting against their roots. They are simply branching out, both literally and sonically. Veterans of the hardcore circuit, guitarist and vocalist Brandon Reilly and guitarist Joseph McCaffrey said they have finally found something they can settle on: melodic rock rife with innuendo and intrigue. "It was fate," McCaffrey joked. "No -but seriously," Reilly, 26, said. "I've found something that I can really be proud of. I've expanded my musical horizons and had a chance to develop my own style of playing." They just left their homes in Brooklyn days ago to start on a three-month, full U.S. tour, which started in North Carolina. The tour comes to Gainesville's 1982 this Monday and will finish at Gramercy Park in June. They will be supporting two self-released albums: 2005's "Nightmare of You" and 2007's "Bang! EP", both of which have been met with praise by both old fans that have followed Reilly from both the Long Island punk scene and sharp-sensed critics who compare them to The Smiths. Reilly, previously the 18-yearold guitarist of late pop-punk legends, The Movielife, won't "I've found something that I cansally be proud of. I've expanded my musical horizons and had a'chance to develop my own style of playing." JOSEPH McCAFFREY Nightmare of You guitarist be playing at that band's reunion show this summer's at the Bamboozle Festival, but he wishes to dispel rumors that there is any animosity between him and his exbandmates. "I think the biggest misconception is that Vinnie (Caruana, lead singer of The Movielife) and I aren't on good terms. He came over to my house the other day and we still hang out," Reilly said. "I guess I started feeling a little dissatisfied toward the end of us as a band. I was writing my own material and I knew it just didn't mesh with the sound of The Movielife, that's all." After meeting McCaffrey of various local New York hardcore bands, the two began to flesh out some of Reilly's solo material. The two admitted to spinning "an unhealthy amount of Bowie's 'Scary Monsters"' as well as lots of Wilco, The Grateful Dead, Spoon, reggae and dub as they prepare to begin work on their second fulllength album. "We're writing it right now," Reilly said. "We don't want to put it out ourselves after seeing how much work goes into putting out a record. We're talking loosely to a few labels." On the tour, the band will be playing a variety of their material. "You'll definitely be hearing some B-sides and some songs that are older than the record," Reilly said. "Probably about three tunes that aren't on the 'Bang EP' or the IS/T.1 "We will probably pull out some really old stuff but toward the end of the tour, you will be probably hearing some new stuff," McCaffrey added. "Forty sound checks are bound to produce something." U Gnarls Barkley is back with their rush-to-release follow-up to "St. Elsewhere." Is "The Odd Couple" as 'crazy' as the debut? Go inside to read the review. N Wondering where all the live music is happening in Gainesville? Visit www.alligator.org/theavenue and check out our interactive map for information on shows around town. "We make Web videos for Jesus." -Miley Cyrus on what inspires her on her video blog The Avenue talks to the Rick Reilly, co-writer of the upcoming period and football comedy "Leatherheads." Go inside to read the full interview. --, 

PAGE 12

T 0 N G H T F R D A y S A T U R D A Y Common Ground: Caribou, Fuck Buttons. a9 p.m. $12 The Kickstand: Erhabe Drift, Giuseppe, Hospitals on the moon, Gentlemen of the Press. 10 p.m. $5 donation Marketstreet Pub: Strut, Funkatron, Tuesday Night Squad. 9 p.m. $6 Backstage Lounge: Ars Phoenix, Fruit Machine!, Masik 9 p.m. $5 The Atlantic: History, Owl of Minerva, Mouse Fire, Liquid Limbs. 10 p.m. $6 Lightnin' Salvage: Three Legged Dog 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Free! .4 The Hippodrome: The Hippodrome: d "4 Months, 3 Weeks Months, 3 Weeks and 2 and 2 Days (4 Luni, 3 Days (4 Luni, 3 Saptaan Saptamani si 2 Zile)." si 2 Zile)." 7 p.m. $7 apmn PM 2e The Hippodrome: "Caramel (Sukkar Banat)" p.m. and 9 p.m. $7 The Hippodrome: Reitz Union Cinema: "Caramel "27 Dresses." 8 p.m. (Sukkar Banat)" and 10:30 p.m. Free! 4:30 p.m., 7 p.m. and 9 p.m. $7 KeswumnrxIIK he same culinary skills iat informn fine dining < are an indispensable element ill the imnagineering that is making tapas the dining adventure (if the millennium. )est Y(IiIVelsitl( 74ve 247.77.0227 ~ N.W. 2nd Ave ')N.E. 2nd Ave N.W.1st Ave W. University Ave E. University Ave S.E. 1st Ave S.W. 2nd Ave S.E. 2nd Ave 0) a s.E.2nd PI 1982: The Renaissance' Aesthetic, Tyler Brooks. 9 p.m. $6/$7 Backstage Lounge: Niki Barr Band, The Pull Out, Soulfound 10 p.m. $5 Common Grounds: The Ones to Blame, Que Possum, Liquid Limbs, Laserhead 9 p.m. $5 I 

PAGE 13

LEATII ER H ELAS Film's co-writer discusses screenplay, cast, sports and charity work PEDRO LORENZ GONZALEZ AVENUE CONTRIBUTING WRITER This Friday marks the culmination of quite a journey for a little screenplay that could when "Leatherheads" hits the big screen. The movie joins such Clooney Studios productions as "Syriana," "Good Night, and Good Luck," "Ocean's Thirteen" and recent box-office hit "Michael Clayton." The movie, set in the backdrop of the NFL's inception and incorporating a comedic, competitive courtship, has all the elements for a film that could torn out to be a classic football comedy The cast is stellar. George Clooney (who produced the picture) stars as Jimmy "Dodge" Connolly -a classic depiction of the tough-nosed, blue-collared kind of guy that paved the way for the sport we know and love today. John Krasinski (Jim from "The Office") plays the role of Carter Rutherford, who is the typical, ultra-hyped athlete with good looks and impressive background (the Tom Brady of the 1920's). Both of these men battle for the female love interest in a clash of testosterone. That coveted woman is Lexi Littleton, played by Renee Zellweger. Lexi is a feisty reporter who is actively trying to uncover Rutherford's flaws. With a cast that includes two Oscar winners and an emerging young actor in Krasinski, the acting should be fantastic. But what of the writing? I'm pleased to introduce you to Rick Reilly -the highly esteemed and comically gifted co-writer of "Leatherheads." Reilly is most famous as a sportswriter and humanitarian. He has written for years, earning national Sports Illustrated Sportswriter of the Year honors 11 different times. He has since moved on and will soon be a fixture at everyone's favorite sports network -ESPN. As for his humanitarian efforts, Reilly has focused immense amounts of time, energy and money into "Nothing But Nets," a malaria prevention campaign that raises money for nets to protect families from mosquitoes in Africa. In the midst of all the madness, I had the privilege of stealing a moment of Reilly's time to ask him a few questions about the movie he had been hoping would get made for over 16 years now. AVENUE: First off, in reading the history of this screenplay, I noticed it has been in the works for over a decade. How excited are you about the fact that it is finally getting done, and how happy are you with the final product? RICK REILLY: Look, Clooney could've reset the whole thing onto a German U boat and I would've been thrilled. It got made! This thing has been kicking around Hollywood for 16 years now. It's sort of been the Paris Hilton of screenplays. Everybody liked it from afar and then when they got up close, they decided to bail. Mel Gibson was going to do it then didn't. Ray Liotta was, then didn't. Michael Keaton, then didn't. Clooney once before, then didn't. So when his agent told us, "George took the script to Lake Cuomo this summer and rewrote it and he wants to direct and star in it. What do you think?" it took us about one millisecond to go, "Uh, sure." I have no idea what the final product is going to be like. There's been like six different writers with their hands on this thing over the years. It's like having a baby and then having somebody whisk the baby away, and you haven't seen the baby for 16 years, and you have no idea how the baby has been raised or what it's been fed or what it's been through, and then suddenly the baby shows up running into your arms carrying a large check. You're just so happy the baby is alive, you're not real concerned with what clothes she's wearing. AVENUE: I am working on a screenplay myself, and when I write in certain characters I envision certain people in Hollywood playing the role. How do you feel about the collection of cast membears, and how does it compare to your vision? RR: Well, we really couldn't have dreamed of a better lead than Clooney. In those days before the NFL, guys often played well into their 40s and sometimes up to 50, and Clooney is in great shape in this movie, even though he got dinged up pretty good. But he's perfect for the part we envisioned: charming, tough, quick-witted, a bit of a wild-ass, not entirely well-meaning, bit of a drinker and prankster. For the part of Lexie, I It's like having a baby and then having somebody whisk the baby away, and you haven't seen the baby for 16 years. and then suddenly the baby shows up running into your arms carrying a large check. RICK REILLY "LEAHIERHEADS" CO-WRITER envisioned somebody a lot like Renee Zellweger. I think she has a perfect 1920s face, as she proved so well in "Chicago." In person, she's a real Texas spitfire, which we wanted. And for the part of Carter Rutherford, I don't think we imagined somebody so tall as John Krasinski. But from being on the set, he was really perfect otherwise. Very all-American. He's athletic, too. He played hoops in high school and says he probably could've played some small college or Division 3, but he went to Costa Rica or somewhere and did relief work. Very funny guy, too, very quick. A perfect foil for Clooney's pranks and barbs. AVENIJE: Do you have any advice about persevering for writers out there who are battling in this highly competitive industry? RR: Dude, it took me 16 years to get ONE made. Do I sound like I know what I'm doing? AVENUE: Where do you think "Leatherheads" will rank amongst the great sports comedies? Rank these: "Caddyshack," "Bull Durham," "Slap Shot," "The Longest Yard," "Leatherheads." RR: It would help if I see it first. AVENUE: Be honest with me nowyou know all the sports guys out there are worried about how much of a love story this is as opposed to the football aspect. So tell me, does the movie border on pure love story, or would you say the average sports jock would be satisfied with the football content? RR: One thing I've learned is you can't just make a pure sports movie. It'll never work. They want date movies. So that's how we wrote it: enough football to make the guys happy, enough romance to make the girls happy. I think that's what we ended up with, from what I hear. Plus the girls also get Clooney, so it's definitely a date movie. I can tell you, from being on the set for a bunch of the football, they took excruciating pains to make the football look authentic to 1924. Guys got creamed. They'd run the play over and over again until they got it right. Clooney had one play that would've been so sweet. He was playing DB Pnoto courtesy ot universal Pictures (defensive back) and he turned at the perfect time and the ball went right through his hands. It just killed him. Then again, Asante Samuels had the same chance to win the Super Bowl and blew it, too, right? AVENUE: How much in line with the true story of the formulation of the NFL does the movie fall? RR: Sort of. Pro football was a sport for rogues and ne'er-dowells. In those days you played college and then got a good job somewhere. Pro football was like roller derby. But when Ernie Nevers and Red Grange came over, everything changed, and not always for the better. More money, many more rules, a whole new discipline was thrust upon them. And that's what Dodge is fighting: In order to save his sport, he has to ruin it for himself. That's the movie in a nutshell. AVENUE: George Clooney's acts of benevolence have been well-documented with his activism on the social issues in Darfur. I noticed the work you are doing in Africa with the "Nothing But Nets" charity that raises funds to fight malaria via use of mosquito nets. Are there any plans for you and Clooney to team up away from the big screen for charity work? RR: From your lips to George's ears -we could really use him. On the other hand, he's really helped bring Darfur into the American mindset, so he's got enough to do. AVENUE: I noticed you have had experiences that most sports fanatics like myself would give anything for. Which of your experiences was the most impressive or most memorable? RR: I have to say, arriving at a football stadium that you and your buddy invented, filled with characters that you dreamed up out of whole Miller Lites, hearing George Clooney and Renee Zellwegger recite lines you wrote, that's pretty metal. AVENUE: Have anything planned if "Leatherheads" premieres at #1 in the box office this weekend? RR: Kiss Halle Berry full on the mouth. I guess it will be up to us to decide where "Leatherheads" will rank among the greatest sports comedies of all time. Personally, after corresponding with Mr. Reilly and looking at his past work, I expect a strong product. Who knows? Maybe we will see Reilly on E! as the number one story: "Crazed Screenwriter Plants One On HaIle Berry!" 

PAGE 14

@ Sex dreams completely normal and healthy I woke up last week in a feverish sweat that had nothing to do with a possible flu. No. The sweat had more to do with this dream I had that involved me, the dude from "21" and "'Across the Universe" (whose name, as I discovered with the help of Google, is Jim Sturgess) and a hot rendezvous in an alley behind some random restaurant. I woke up so flushed, so wrecked-looking with my hair wildly tangled, that my boyfriend askedme if I was feeling ok. I was so embarrassed from my sleepinduced sexcapade that I lied and have yet to reveal to him my wayward night vision. After all, what will he think? I know for certain that I have no desire to actually live out this seemingly pornographic scenario, especially because I definitely would have consciously chosen a different Jim, namely John Krasinski from "The Office." naughty Nancy Drew and decode what But in all seriousness, is my unconyour dreams might mean. scious suggesting a possibility of me While dream interpretation is often straying? Am I actually destined to run pooh-poohed by serious scientists and into my British boy-toy on a seedy L.A. doctors alike, others still say there is a night? lot to be gleaned from your unconscious Luckily, that's all quite doubtful. musings (including this columnist). Our erotic dreams are, more often than Furthermore, if viewed in a healthy light, not, representational of desires for new dream interpretation can have a positive experiences, unconscious feelings we impact on you and your relationships. have toward ourselves and our partners The gist is this: try not to be freaked and often reflections of symbols we simout by the sex with the ex, the making out ply saw during the day. with a faceless lover, the very public romp They are also void of anything concrete or the totally-unlike-you-situations you or prophetic. engineer in your dreams. In fact, sexpert Yvonne K. Fulbright They're all relatively harmless. says that unconscious erotic encounters Of celeb dreams like mine, Fulbright are essentially blameless, even if the kink says it's "not about the star so much as leaves you distressed. about your own needs for personal fulfillThey are also, however, laden with ment .(not) necessarily sexual ones." possibly pent up desires and for that reaAm I feeling a need to shag out my son, they should be analyzed. hair, gamble recklessly in Vegas or sing Not to mention it's pretty fun to play Beatles music at pivotal life events? -Q,/ Perhaps I'm getting too into playing Freud. These, of course, are only broadly based assumptions and one's own life, situation, personality and goals should be considered in any analysis. Try these helpful resources: Online at www.dreammoods.com is the best site I have come across. With more than 4,000 symbols spelled out in its dictionary, you'll surely find some sense to that scenario involving a banana, an umbrella and Captain Kangaroo. For more in-depth analysis try the books "In Your Dreams: The Ultimate Dream Dictionary" by Mary Summer Rain or "Sex Dreams: What It Means When You Dream About A Celebrity, Your Boss, An Ex-Lover, A Stranger" by Carol Cummings. the. cu e to Adam's Rib Co. Cafe Gardens The Great Voted Gainesville's best Caf6 Gardens has been just u *A.r Ris S rvin. r Unh across from campus since 1976. This quaint landmark establishment with award winning courtyard dining is perfect for any date or gathering. Open 7 days. For live. music schedule, call 376-2233 1643 NWT1st Ave Gator Dawgs Check usout. We have over 20 styles of hot dogs to choose from. Chicago style,, a frito dog, a Colombia dog, etc. and we come up with new ones all the time.,Our burgersare prepared fresh daily and cooked to-order. Our deli sandwiches come with over a 1/41b ofmeat and your choice of toppings. We serve beer, too. For delivery or to see our full menucheck us out at Gatorfood.com. We are located at 1023 W. University Ave. 3784353 Call ahead for pickup. Restaurant Great Fun and Great Food at The Great Outdoors Restaurant serving fabulous steaks, fresh seafood, all natural burgers and signature entree salads. Our decadent desserts are all homemade. TheSpringhouse Tavern has live bands most Fridays and Saturdays on the patio.Enioy our private labeled beers, Tail Gator Pilsner, Nqked Ed's Pale Ale and The Three Merry Widows. Take a'study break and: drive to historic High Springs. 386-454-1288. www.greatoutdoorsdining.com Liquid Ginger Asian G e & Teahouse 101 SE2nd P1 (Behind Hippodrome Theatre Downtown) Offering Asian Fusion Cuisine in a relaxing atmosphere. Try our wide selection of martinis and hot teas. Open for lunch Mon-Fri 11:30-2: 30 and dinner Sun-Thurs 5-10 pm, Fri-Sat 5-10:30 pm, Sun 12:5. Call 371-2323 for a reservation Dinner. Dine In Carry out or Catering. Your hometown,BBQ headquarters minutes from UF. 21 11' 13th St. 373-8882 Hrs Sun-Sat 9am-9pm Delivered by Gatorfood Da.d's BBQ Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, Eat-in, Take-out, Drive Thru, Catering or Tailgating. Everybody loves David's BBQ because, unlike ordinary BBQ places, David's cooks over a real wood fire! Eat where the' locals eat Voted #1 BBQ in Gainesville[ Approved, catererdfor UF's Emerson Alumni. Hall. Mon thru Sat. 7am 'til 9pm. Sunday open at am. Drive Thru'til 930pm sevendaysl 352-373-2002. Have' David's BBQ delivered by Gatorfood.cormn FREE WIFI www.davidsBBQ.com Omi's Kitchen Gainesville's Best in Cuban, Italian, and Mexican cuisine. New menu iteris prepared daily! Come try our famous Cubansandwiches and slow roasted pork. We cater-7 days a week! Visi u's-in the Tower Square Shopping Center at 5729 SW 75th Street. 373-0301' 43rd St. Deli at 13th St. Our professional and courteous staff specializes in addressing your breakfast and lunch'needs. Our breakfast menu includes, "size of the plate pancakes, three-egg scrambles,'French toast, fw*-egg breakfasts, four-egg omelettes, and daily break ast specials. For lunch, we o R ubens, gyros, light lunch platters, Cubans, melts, soup, salads, and dIcailyjunch special l. until two olck on Satuerdysaond Sundays we have an extended breakfast specials' mnu. Ourbreakfast specials include favorites like southern fried grits, pan seared oatmeal, smoked sausage, benedicts, stuffed French toast and sweet potato pancakes. We also pride ourselves in being VEGAN AND VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY JUST MINUTES FROM CAMPUS ON NW 13th STREETJoin us for breakfast Monday through Friday 7 -11am, Saturday 7am -2pm; Sunday 7am -2pm. Lunch is offered Monday through Saturday 1 lai -3pm. MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY STUDENTS CAN SAVE 10% BY PRESENTING THEIRSTUDENT ID. 13th St. location only. 1501 NW 13th St. 373-3354 TCBY Please visit one of our 3 locations to enjoy real frozen yogurt products. We offer a healthy low fat, low calorie treat tho tastes great and is good for you. Make sure you visit for 99 cents Waffle Cone Wednesday from 58 pm. Lcations ,ai34Aih Street ne~xt o Crispers, Thornebrook Village at 43rd Street and Town of Tioga. The Gelato Company The Gelato Company special izes in homemade gelato, sorbets, paninis, sandwiches, and salads. We make 20-.25 flavors fresh daily, ensuring the utmost freshness and :wide variety. Come check us out in downtown Gainesville next to Harry's. Live pianist Friday and Saturday. We caterl www.thegelatocompany.com 352-373-3153' Open: Mon-Wed 1 0am-1 2am, Thurs-Sat 10am-3am, Sun 1 Oam.1 Opm Live pianist Friday and Saturday. We Cater. '7 7 

PAGE 15

Top 5 VANESSA DIMAGGIO AVENUE WRITER Admit it, ladies. You wore butterfly clips during your pre-teen years and donned glittery "Hottie" and "Angel" T-shirts in middle school. While you're probably well aware of these crimes of fashion, you may be committing other fashion faux pas on a daily basis without even knowing it. As a friendly warning of how to steer clear of repeating your formidable fashion foibles, I've compiled a list of the top five fashion faux pas seen on campus. 1. Too-tight jeans. I know getting that last button fastened and zipping the zipper all the way up are big accomplishments for any girl, but muffin tops aren't flattering on any body shape. Instead of spending 10 minutes doing lunges in your bedroom trying to stretch out the elastic in your jeans, try bumping them up a size. Jeans are designed to hug your curves, not suffocate them. A pair of well-fitting jeans is 10 times sexier than a pair that squeezes you in all the wrong places. 2. Wearing the wrong color for your skin tone I see it all the time: pale girls wearing colors that wash them out, and darker skin tones wearing colors that dull the vibrancy of their skin. You can find tons of sites on the Internet that will tell you what "season'. you are in terms of the colors that look good on your skin tone, so look it up some time. As a rule of thumb, wearing clothes in a color that closely resembles the color of your skin is a no-no. You can also find colors that look good on you by your hair and eye color. 3. Visible Panty Lines We've all done it at some point in our lives. Wearing a very tight bottom with granny panties is a time-honored fashion faux pas among women. As college students, we should know better by now. If you're wearing a tight dress or skirt, especially if it's evening wear or a special occasion, you should always wear a thong. When it comes to thicker materials like denim or cotton, panty lines tend to go unnoticed. 4. Dressing for the wrong season This is probably one of the most common fashion mistakes I see on campus. While it's completely unfair that we get about 10 cold days out of the year, that is no excuse to wear UGG boots when it's 80 degrees outside. The worst is when girls wear UGG boots with miniskirts, as if that somehow makes sense. Boots are designed for cold temperatures. The only time you should be wearing UGG boots is at a ski lodge or whe; it's below freezing outside. The same can be said for girls who wear skimpy clothing when it's freezing outside. If the rest of your classmates are wearing winter coats, that's your cue to leave the miniskift at-home. 5. Exposed undergarments This covers a variety of topics, from black underwear with white pants to bra straps worn with tube tops -an egregious fashion display if there ever was one. The bottom line is simple: If the outer garments aren't offering full coverage of the undergarments, something needs to be fixed. Either change your bra to a strapless, your black underwear to nude ones or put something on top that's not quite so see-through. Undergarments are meant to complement your outfit and do so discretely. The only time lingerie should take center stage is in the bedroom. Jpe Loa & Bento Cafe Enjo sushi, rice bowls, noodle bowls and bento boxes. Try our Babe tea withover 30 different flavors. First in Gainesville in a trendy, hip atmosphere. Open everyday all day 11 am -10pm. Carry-out or dine-in. Check out our menu at bentocafesushi.com. 377-8686 Newberry Location. 224-5123 Archer location. Two locations to serve you. Green Plantains Try our Mofongo, chof an & grill mojito chicken. Don't miss our $4.95 dinner & soda on Thursday, student night from 4pm to 10pm. Show gator ID. Visit us at 5150 SW 34th Street at the new Publix Shopping center, 7 days a. week. We cater. 352-378-1930. www.greenplantains.com Mildred's Get the best VALUE for your DO.LLAR Not processed. Fresh, -ood Made From ScrqtchEVERYDAY! Start Living Healthy! Just MINUTES FROM CAMPUS ON THE BUS ROUTE. Mildred's Desserts are Noirh Florida's Best Sweets! Relax with coffee nd dessert on our patio. All homemade cakes and treats! Specialty cakes with only 24-hr's notice. 3445 W. University Ave. 371-1711 www.mildredsbigcityfood.com New Deal Cafe Do you know where YOUR food comes from? We use fresh & local ingredients: Produce, Meat & Fish NO ONE comes close to our commitment to sustainable agriculture. Voted Gainesville's Best BurgerThis 12oz. MONSTER is cooked to order and can satisfy any appetite. Try our Goat Cheese Appetizer, Beet Salad or NY SfripSteak Sandwich. New Marini Menu & Beer Selection! 371 -441 8 TI-AMO! Mediterranean Restaurant & Bar Voted Gainesville's BEST NEW Restaurant. Small and LargePlates. Amazing Party Space-. Sexy Drink List & Intimate Airosphere. Affordable Prices & Outstanding Service. Live Music TuesdayUriNday and Nights! Visit Us a WWWtiamogainesvill 12 S.E. 2nd Ave. 378-6307 Gyros Plus 1011 W. University Ave. 11-10 Mon-Sun 336-5323. We have the best Folafel, Tabouli, Hummus, Baba, Grape Leaves & Gyros-beef or chicken. Fresh smoothie bar & Baklava. Pita Bread Bakery at 2401 SW 13th ST., 372-4995. We sell hookahs, parts, charcoals, fine tobacco and hall meat. Burrito Brothers Taco Co. Hang out on the nicest patio in town while enjoying the best made-to-order, made-fromscratch Mexican food. Serving Gainesville for 30 Years, 1,402 W.UnivrsityrAvenue behind the Presbyterian Student Center. Open 7 days, 11AM to 9PM. 352-378-5948 www.burritobros.com Mellow Mushroom Classic "Southern Style" stone baked Pizza, Pretzels and Cailzones. Monumental Hoagies and Salads, too. Great beer specials. 5 bottled beers for $6 and $8 import pitchers. Come have a slice and a cold beer on our outdoor patio. Don't miss out on our $6.78"Munch Specials." Book Lover's Cafe. Vegetarian and Vegan cuisine.' All natural ingredients. Organic food, smoothies, coffees. Amex/ Visa/ATM 10 am -9pm. 505 NW 13th St. 352-384-0090 Saigon Legend Delicious traditional Vietnamese cuisine with popular Asian favorites as well Pho, BanhCuon, Banh Xeo, Banh Tom HaNoi. Enjoy greatif6od at great prices. Big new room! Family owned restaurant. Next to' Holiday Inn downtown. Dine in or take out. Catering available. Mon-Sat 10:30am -9:30pm, Sun 11 :30am -9pm. 374-0934 1228 W. Univ. Ave Saturday El Norteio TroTr n n e.com Open 7 days week. Come .enjoy our drink specials. Full bar, draft beer pitchers $3.99. Margarita pitchers. $12.00. Come enjoy authentic Mexican co D' c food, offering fajitas, steaks, seafood and vegetarian dishes. Our lunch specials start at $4.00. Big-screen TV. Located just South of 16th Ave on 13th St. Take out available. Also, order online at hompmenus.com 2445 SW l3th St. 377-4633 7.7 Ll~ tips to avoid a fashion fiasco on campus 0 99 mr, P "Z_ A 1 t! -) 4 r a nea 

PAGE 16

live music Avenue takes on: MATTHEW CLARK Iloo Was he AVENUE CONTRIBUTING WRITER about? The mission seemed simple enough: In It se an age of torrent files and Hype Machine, more li] I set out to see if there was any music left real Ho uncorrupted by the ongoing wars between Fernan corpotste America and 20-something hipThot sters downloading off or blogs or the "OC" doing h soundtrack series. I'm a jo So at 9 a.m. I packed my hemp backpack I aw full of water and sunscreen and headed to Meado the Suwannee Springfest, a bluegrass music the crov festival held every year near Live Oak. of jail, s This would be easy, I thought. Compared I qu with my venture to South by Southwest two purity a years earlier, which consisted of a road trip not the with my friend's band to Austin, Texas, this should would be nothing. surely n The exact moment I realized how wrong bluegra those assumptions had been was when I Duri walked up to the grounds of the Spirit of the Underg Suwannee Music Park. mance A barefoot, young man clad in only a tieStage, p dyed skirt greeted me with a smile. concert Suwannee Springfest bluegrass festival ked around; no one else was nearby. smiling at me? What is he smiling Vhat is this guy's problem? seemed to me that Springfest was ke a twilight zone between the surggetowne Medieval Faire and the dina Shrimp Festival. ughts began to build: "What am I ere? I'm too inhibited, too clean. journalist, a straight man." kwardly made my way to the Stage where the band greeted 'd with a lively, "We just got out we're happy to be out." ickly realized that perhaps nd a lack of corruption were characteristics I be looking for, ot in the fans of ss. ngBlueground rass' perforat the Meadow ine trees shaded attendees, which included napping hippies suffering from gender identity and a lack of hygiene habits, toddlers chasing bubbles and middle-aged women in J.C. Penney cut-offs (who surprised me with their incredible ability to balance a Marlboro and a Solo cup while dancing). Describing them as eclectic would not do them justice. S Half of the crowd at the Amphitheatre Stage for Guy Clark's show was a sea of straw-brimmed hats and women combining camouflage and India-inspired wrap skirts. Behind them, among the hammocks, I spotted a presumably 5-year-old, topless girl playing with a hula hoop. Even so, for all the variance in the crowd, the music did seem pure and simple. The artists all respected one another and watched each other's performances with the fans. There was a comfortable energy about the place. To the fast tempo of a banjo, they sang songs about Danny O'Keefe and the Grateful Dead, praising the way most people in this part of the world do about, Jesus Christ. These people live for music. They use "jam" and "old-time traditional songs" in the same sentence. By the time Amy LaVere, a woman with a personality almost as contagious as her voice, began her set, it was starting to rub off on me. My nails were dirty. I was seriously considering going barefoot myself. LaVere, who's playing at Bonnaroo Music Festival this summer, talked cordially with the audience between songs on her upright bass. As the crowd laughed along to "Pointless Drinking," I realized how wonderfully out of tune these artists were with the industry. They just loved music -bluegrass music. Perhaps that was the common thread among all the listeners. They all had a love to jam that unified them, including the girl with the azure, glittered butterfly wings and a sombrero with the man in a Georgia T-shirt that I overhead saying, "I was into whips and chains, she was into pain." O Santa Fe C OMmunit c olle e $$$$$$ EVENT Find money-saving coupons every day in the Alligator. 1 ~ .t pn. 0 i The Oak Grove ld FOOD -DJ GAMES -PR IZES Find out how thousands of students save lives and earn cash by donating 7 -7 D ptasmwa regularly!' Earn $18o/mo. donating plasma regularly! T Ad 10T ()n2nd .. 150 NW 6th St. .352.37&9204' alat r mo Are you interested in a challenging and rewarding graduate degree? Do you want to enhance your advancement potential in a variety of career paths? Our MSM program offers: Comprehensive graduate business education 10 months if attended full-time Designed for non-business majors Part-time attendance permitted No professional work experience required January and June start dates Master of Science in Management lHouah Graduatt School of Busiri'ss WIarrington College of Business Administration UNIVERSITY of FLORIDA www.cba.ufl.edu/msm msm@cba.ufl.edu 

PAGE 17

'Consolers' bulk a buzz-killer ROBERT HILSON + AVENUE WRITER and far between. The bulk of the album works only as a lesson in buzz-killing finesse. After the Raconteurs got burned a few years Clean cut and Nashville spit shined, back for proclaiming to NME that "Broken Boy "Consolers" strings together a series of streamSoldiers" would be their answer to Nirvana's lined ballads -all perfectly tuneful, none par"Nevermind," they apparently decided to dial ticularly interesting. down the hype machine. Take closing song "Carolina Drama" (spoiler Not only did "Consolers of the Lonely" drop alert: in a case of mistaken identity, Billy accia mere seven days after its release announcedentally beats down his old man with a bottle ment, it also validates suspicions that this is of milk). It comes off as refined and deeply not an actual band as previously claimed, but earnest, and particularly rewarding for those in'fact the Detroit chapter of the Jack still awake to hear the climactic singWhite Fan Club. along. Admittedly, Brendan Benson and It's too bad because the guitar The Greenhomes boys make for one "'74" workouts, no matter how spontanehell of a tribute band. They give creously arranged, are truly sounds to dence to the long-presumed notion behold. that ass-kissing works much more efTwo honest-to-goodness collabofectively when done with a high degree rations, "Five on the Five" and follow of competence. Raconteurs up "Attention" kindle visions of a The four chum out the best tunes, Consolers of the Lonely sublimely warped Stripes future in though, when they collectively drop which Jack springs for a bass guitar the hero worship in favor of beer-buddy garage and drum lessons for Meg. jams and off-the-cuff rockers. The former succeeds as a Weezer-playsStomping opener "Consoler of the Lonely" "Elephant" crossover complete with crunchsounds almost ad-libbed, combining crackling ing six-string assault and an "Oh, Oh"-tinged White Stripe's style riffs with tossed-off lyrics chorus. that would enlighten only the blind. If it doesn't kill on radio, somebody needs to White sings, "Haven't seen the sun in axe the Warner Bros.' A&R reps. weeks/my skin is getting pale." Still, in the end, everybody, listener includGratuitous even to Captain Obviious, it's at ed, is here for one guy. The three others simply least a line that provides a refreshing dose of play Robin to White's Batman. self-deprecating frivolity. They know Jack's always had a thing for Soak in these moments because they're few red. Gnarls Barkley gets darker ADRIAN RUHI + AVENUE WRITER Rushed to release several weeks early due to bootlegging, Gnarls Barkley's "The Odd Couple" is anylad with Cee-Lo crooning in fear of death. Although this gloomy mood pervades through "No Time Soon," "She Knows" and "A Little Better," thing but rushed. ere is a slignt sense of nope on me Any tinge of positivity or celebrayearning love tune "Blind Mary," tion on "St. Elsewhere" has disapand the ode to apathy, "Whatever/4peared on the duo's sophoThe best, though, is the chaotic more set. Instead, it's been single "Run (I'm a Natural replaced, by introspective Disaster)." melodrama and paranoia Over blaring organs and carefully paired with some frantic drums, Cee-Lo singof the most soulful and raps his way through what eclectic musical backing in sounds like the bastard pop's recent memory. child of Outkast's "Bombs Those looking for a Gnarls Barkley Over Baghdad," a nod to " 'The Odd Couple' his Duneon Famil roots Crazy rehash are m ror a disappointment. Instead, vocalist Cee-Lo delves deeper into the uneasiness and angst he hinted at in Gnarls Barkley's debut, while madman producer Danger Mouse settles for slightly left-of-center soul, neglecting some of the group's previous sonic shenanigans. This mood is most evident on. "Who's Gonna Save My Soul?" -a simple and straightforward soul balEqually fantastic is the moody "Going On," a gospel song punkified by double-time snares. "The Odd Couple" is not a "St. Elsewhere" repeat. Those looking for danceable pop tunes will probably be disappointed. Instead, Cee-Lo and Danger Mouse have concocted a timeless record that takes soul music to a whole new universe. Salty Dog Saloon II *00 ntroduICmi i M~ANI] 5AND K'At Tke 5alon @N716 552.226.8,536 716 W. University Avenue Ganesrle, FL32601 Need a summer job? Then the City of Gainesville needs youl Lots of great positions are now availablel *Lifeguards *swirn Instructors *pool Attendants -Eamn great pay while having fun and getting a tan! Apply today before it's too late! For more information and to apply for your perfect summer job go to www.cityofgainesville.jobs GAINED VILLE RECYCLE Encore! YOUR NEWSPAPER. allig aor printed on recycled newsprint TAG BODY SPRAY IS SEARCHING SCHOOLS FROM AROUND THE COUNTRY TO SEE IF GUYS HAVE WHAT IT TAKES TO BE THE ULTIMATE TAG TESTEE. THINK YOU'VE GOT WHAT IT TAkES TO PERFORM UNDER THE HOTTEST CONDITIONS? PROVE IT! GATHER A TEAM THAT CAN HANDLE THE PRESSURE AND SET OUT ON THE HOTTEST SCAVENGER HUNT OF YOUR LIFE. ONLY ONE WORTHY TEAM OF ULTIMATE TAG TESTEES FROM EACH SCHOOL WILL WIN THE ULTIMATE PRIZE PACKAGE! ARE YOU READY? WARNING: SIDE EFFECTS FROM WINNING THE TAG SCORE BIG TOUR MAY INCLUDE A SUDDEN INFLUX OF DETERMINED GROUPIES AND THAT HOT T.A. EXPRESSING AN INTEREST IN YOUR "RESEARCH" SKILLS. University of Texas March 27-29 UnvesiyofCntralFlorida March 27-29 /Arizona State Unibv.ersjW April 3-5 SCORE is ty of Horda Apnl 3-5 UniverstyofSouthern Cai fornia Apl15-2 -9, Universty ofMinne1s~t ites Apr il17-19 Sio State Unversity Ap,I 17-19 TOUR ~ U9,ersity of Wisconsin April 24-26 Pennlate1 University Apil 24-26 Vegetable Tempura.9.95 Shrimp or Scallops .11.95 Chicken Tempura.10.95 Chicken or Shrimp .11.95 -Chicken Sawamura .10.95 Sukiyaki and Chicken.11.95 1 Shrimp Tempura .10.95 Sukiyaki Steak .12.95 Combination Tempura .10.95 Sukiyaki and Shrimp.12.95 1624 SW 13th St. Gainesville, FL 352.373.1076 Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs College-sponsored study abroad -One yearMaster's degree in Inter opportunities in Italy, England, and Spain Ideal for business majors and minors; all majors welcome Participate in an international internship in London Exchange programs in Europe, Latin America, and Asia -Apply Bright Futures and Florida Prepaid to program expenses during fall and spring terms Joe Rojo, Director joe.rojo@cba.rfl.edu -(352) 273-0165 International Programs UNIVERSITY of FLORID.A national Business (MAIB) Designed for business majors and minors Semester exchange opportunities with more than 34 outstanding global business schools Practical one-week Study Tour to foreign businesses Bachelor's/Master's Combined option for current UF students No professional work experience required Mindy Kraft, Director mifndy.kraft@cba.ufl.edu (352) 273-0343 """""""""""""**""""""""""""""~""""""""""" """""""""""""""""****-"""""""'-2.,.-2. 

PAGE 18

BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND Classif ieds THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/classifieds -' ~ "Io Rent .nt, ~ .-For Rent For Renit For Rent For Rent For Rent furnished furnished _J unfurnished *SICK OF SHARING A BATHROOM?* Get your own this fall 2tr/2Ba flats, *3Br/3Ba townhms FREE Tanning, WID, 24hr gym PC Lab, Gated, All Amenities, Pt Friendly Leasing for FALL*377-2777 4-23-72-1 NO SIGNING FEES! Luxury 2's, 3's and 4's. No Hassle Roommate Matching! All Inclusive 3's-$554; 4's-$511. FREE Cable, Tanning, Alarms, W/D. HUGE 2/2.5 Tomnhomes 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Great Bus Route 2 Mites to UF *Co-Signer Required for Waived Fees (Exp 4/2/08) 4-23-72-1 "Live in the Moment" Massive-Lavish 1,2&3 Beds Pool*Hot Tub*Tanning*PC Lab*W/D FREE Cable with HBO*Most Utilities FREE One Month Free/Immed. Move! 372-8100 4-23-72-1 1, 2, 3, 4BR Apts. www.ApartmentsInGainesville.com 4-23-72-1 We've got big ones! Specials that is. No signing fees+ up to $400 Cash bonus= MORE MONEY FOR YOUR!! Call 271-3131 TODAY! 4-23-72-1 The Crossing at Santa Fe $484 -$509 Gets you all this! Furnished, Free Ethernet, Free Cable & Utilities, W/D, Events, Roommate Matching! 379-9300 4-23-7,-1. Become a LEX Addict. Live with us for a year Huge 2/2, 3/3 and 4/4's Ask about a FREE 42" Plasma TV! Crazy Events, Pool Parties & More! 352-373-9009 LexingtonCrossingUF.com 4-23-72-1 Roommate wanted-Beautiful Mill Pond Condo 2/2 furnished. minutes from UF bus stop right in front to UF., no smoking! $600 month, 441 NW 48 Blvd, directly across from Gainesville Health and Fitness. If interested call Ashley at 305-323-9742. 1-20-7-1 Two block to UF. Furn room in 4BR condo. Rent includes all utilities, internet, cable TV, pool, laundry, TV & microwave. Very nice. $395 378-4626 4-23-08-78-1 2BLKS to UF-$360/Mo 4Br-$360/Rm Museum Rd-cable, internet, water incl Move in now or fall. 281-3551. 4-23-72-1 Female roommate, own bed/bath, furnished, new appi, w/d. Windsor Park, close to UF on bus stop, pool, hot tub, tennis, gym, $495, 1/3 utilities; avail now. Katie 407-361-1154 4-9-60-1 Walk to Campus! Fully furn bdrm in 4 bdrm condo. Utlil, pool, cable, intret incId. Starts @ $400. 904-8597524 4-10-08-10-1 Make Sure It's FULLY Furnished Couch, bed, end tables, blah, blah, blah. Make sure they've got what you REALLY need -Cox High Speed Internet! Included w/rent at the best apartment complexes. Ask before you sign. Visit www.cox.com/gators for more info. 5-30-08-32-1 Roll out of bed & walk/bike to UF, Shands or VA. Adorable 2/1 available 8/1. Like new, remodelei condo with low uLtilites. $900/month + $200 dep. Call to see, 352-843-0862. 47-14-1 ATLANTIC OCEAN BEACH COTTAGE <hr drive, BIG/SMALL groups, sleeps 2-16 in beds www.octagonbeach.com 813-760-6369 bicycle cruisers, boogieboards, fishing poles incl FULLY STOCKED: as low as $177 918-70-1 LOOKING GLASS SUMMER SUBLEASE-CHECK IT OUT, fully furnished if desired. $1000/mo call 352-359-2922. or e-mail: steve29@ufl.edu 4-16-08-16-1 SUMMER DEAL! Female roommate(s) needed. 2 rooms avail in 4BR/4BA at U Club. 3 buses, pool, & gym! Only $385/mo (inc utils)! Call Kylie 407-782-5700 4-31-4-1 Univ Terrace West, 3800 SW 20th Ave, on bus route, 4 bedroom,4 bathroom, TVs, walk-in closets, kitchen, living room. Need 4 students for Aug 15, 2008 -Aug 14, 2009. Cost is $350/month per student plus utilities & cable TV/Internet(total -$425/month). 352586-6468 4-8-08-10-1 $250. Furn rm in house. Parking, W/D, D/W, wireless, 10 mins bus or bike. Avail May 17 ? Aug 17. Utilities/4. (352) 586-6926 4-3-5-1 2BR/2BA in Countryside near UF & Shands. 3 bus rtes. Cable, internet, wash & dry, light, water, walk-in closet, desk, chair, bed. Amenities: pool, spa, gym, vball/bball courts, additional parking. $480/m. 305-401-6708. 4-4-08-5-1 Sublet Oxford Manor 2bd/bath partialfurn walk/bus to Shands/UF rent nego avail immed John day 352-684-3535 after 6PM 352-263-4638 4-9-08-7-1 $465-4/4 condo at Countryside and two 4/4 condos at University Terrace. Unfurnished avail. for $450. Security deposit waived with parental guarantor. Call Nalini 352.514.3398 4-18-14-1 *FURNISHED 1BR/lBA FOR FEMALE* Walk to UF. Avail after Aug 8th. Sorority row area. Oxford Terrace Condo. $499/mo. 407-432-0911 4-15-08-10-1 VICTORIA STATION 2BR/2.5BA W/D, near bus, close to UF. Avail May 1st. $500/mo/rm + utils. Call 904-343-7377 or 352-328-6948 4-14-08-10-1 Male roommates needed for brand new Oxford Terrace 2 4 bed/4 bath condo. 550/mo w/30 until incl. Lease starts aug 9. internet, cable, wash/dry incl. Professional/grad students pref. Call 407-716-7568 4-8-5-1 $464 Summer Sublease: furnished, ALL UTILITIES INCLUDED, internet/cable, W/ D,3B3B, parking, Bus route 20,@Melrose Apt., more info? marilzapata@gmail.com or call 787-464-7360. Available May 1-August 7 4-14-08-8-1 2-story Townhouse For Rent Rent an entire 4BR or use free roommate matching. Across the street from UF. $479+ rent incl. utilities, cable, ethernet & more. www.TheCourtyards.net 352-372-3557 4-23-16-1 Female sublease wanted for 1/1 in 4/4 (MayAug). Furniture and utilities included for only $490/mth. On bus routes 9, 35, & 36. Call 954-682-8164 for more information. 4-9-5-1 GRU UTILITIES INCLUDED!!!! 4/4 with pvt. bathroom condo just '2 mile from UF and on bus route. Furnished living & dining area. Univ. Terr. West. Rooms avail for MayandAugust. $450/mo. 954-651-1864. 5-13-08-16-1 QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS of GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1BR apt. $375/mo. O1BR cottage $435/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-23-72-2 LUXURY 2/2 STEPS TO UFI OVER $100 IN PRICE REDUCTIONS Available Fall 2008, ONLY $585/person W/D, Monitored alarm, Pets loved! 371-7777 Collegeparkuf.com 4-23-72-2 *LYONS SPECIAL* $199 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-23-08-72-2 MOVE IN TODAY OR AUGUST! 1 BR Available Now! 1's, 2's, 3's For Fall! HUGE Floorplans! Great Rates! Bike to UF 335-7275 4-23-08-72-2 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION Live downtown & have it all! Studios, 1/1's, 2/2's, & 3/3's W/D's*Huge Closets*We Love Pets Going fast-don't miss out! 338-0002 4-23-72-2 Apartments off SW 20th Ave. Close to shopping, bus line and a few miles from UF. Price range $435 to $550. Includes water, sewer, garbage and pest control. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066 Mon-Fri. 423-08-72-2 WELCOME HOME! LEASING FOR FALL! 1BR $560 2BR $619 Pets Loved *Walk/Bike to UP Quiet Peaceful B372-7555 4-23-08-72-2 Deluxe, Large 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 lv message 4-23-08-72-2 Make us your "Home" TODAY!! 3/2 avail now -1096 sq ft @ $343 p/room 2/1.5 townhome avail Apr. 1incl. W/D!I for just $769 -a real steal! Call 376-4002 for a tour. You'll love us! 4-23-72-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 second walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $595-up. 352-5382181. Lv msg 4-23-08-72-2 *SLEEP IN* *GET TO CLASS ON TIME* Close to UF!!! Luxury 1/1, 2/2 flats & 3/3 TH FREE cable HBO/Shom & Tanning Gated *Alarms Pet Friendly Oxford Manor, 377-2777 4-23-72-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-2154990 12-6-71-2 3BR ACROSS FROM UF WALK TO CAMPUSI ONLY $505/person Open late and weekends 371-0769 Collegeparkuf.com 4-23-72-2 A SWEET DEAL on our Luxury 1/1, 2/2 & 3/3 townhomes FREE cable w/HBO & Showtime All Amenities plus FREE Tanning Gated*Alarm*Pet Friendly 335-4455 www.thelaurelsuf.Com 4-23-08-72-2 Ask About FREE RENT HUGE 1, 2, & 3 BRS! Pets OK*Pool*Gym*Clubhouse FREE Parking @ UP! Great Rates! Call now! 373-1111 4-23-72-2 Up your Game! Live large! Stunning 2/2 & 3/3 twn hms Garages avail. Prvt Dog Park, Tanning bed, Bus stop, Sauna 352-377-2801 4-23-72-2 Bivens Cove -No Move-In Fees 2's & 3/s 1 BR-$699, 2BR-$413/rm, 3BR-$360/rm, 4BR-$370/rm FREE TANNING! TWO POOLS! W/D in select units. Call or Come by Today! 376-2507 4-23-08-72-2 Knock Knock, Whose there? 1,2&3 Beds From $367/bed One Month Free -Move Now Cable*Full W/D*Tanning*Pool We love pets! Call Now: 372-8100 4-23-72-2 The Boardwalk-No Move-in Fees on 2's & 3's!!! 1 BR-$689, 2BR-$399/rm 3BR-$310/rm. WID in select units. FREE Tanning! Call or stop by today 377-7401 4-23-72-2 FREE RENT!! 1, 2 & 4 bed for imm. or fall FREE Alarm*FREE UF Parking Pets Welcome Close to everything! Call for specials 332-7401 4-23-72-2 STUDIO APT 60 sec walk to UF. Short term avail. 1 or 2 rooms $425 & up. Call 352-538-2181 4-2308-72-2 Biggest Town homes in Titletown! 1600 + SQF of awesomeness! Garages/ 105f ceilings/Ouated Best kept secret in GvilleFor Fall! Must see to believe, 372-0400 4-23-72-2 NOT YOUR AVERAGE APARTMENT Sign now for luxury 1/1, 2/2, 3/3 for fall! We've got what you need & want! 3 Pools*Tanning*24 study lab & Clubhouse Free aerobics & yoga*Bball & tennis courts *Washers & Dryers*Alarms*We love pets! *Call now for specials! 335-7656 4-23-72-2 2's from $393/person I's from $529 All ground floor-Great for pets! Quiet community Hidden Village Apts. 376-1248 4-23-72-2 NO MOVE-IN FEES! LUXURIOUS Student Living-2's, 3's & 4's. FREE Cable, Tanning, Alarms, & W/D Furniture, Utility and Internet Pkgs Available! HUGE Luxury 2/2.5 Townhomes 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Convenient Bus Route 2 Miles to UF *Co-Signer Required for Waived Fees (Exp. 4/2/08) 4-23-72-2 AS BIG AS A HOUSE! Huge 4BR TH W/D inc. FREE UF Parking*FREE Gym Call for specials 332-7401 4-23-72-2 Let's Face It Size Does Matter! Huge PLASMA TV'S Huge Parties Huge Savings Lexington Crossing.Don't Miss Out! 352-373-9009 4-23-72-2 Fall Sign -Get up to $300 -HUGE & COZY 1 & 3 Beds From $323/bed Close to campus One Month FREE -Move Now Call now: 372-8100* We love pets! 4-23-08-72-2 BIG AND CHEAP 2/1.5 apt 1100 sq ft $675 3/2 apt 1300 sq ft $750 1800 NW 4th St. Over 20 houses also available 373-4423 www.maximumre.com 8-11-111-2 LIVE THE DOWNTOWN LIFESTYLE! Luxury 3 Bedroom Townhouses for Fall W/D*Loft Spaces*Walk In Closets*Pets OK Walk to everywhere-bars,shopping, dining $500 off first moth's rent! 338-0002 4-23-72-2 MUSEUM WALK Gainesville's Best Kept Secret Leasing for Fall & NOW! Luxury 2/2 TH & 3/3 Flats FREE Cable, FREE Tanning, FREE Alarms Walk to UF *379-WALK 4-23-72-2 MOVE-IN TODAY! All inclusive studios from $575 2br/1ba $790, 2br/2.5ba $1270 Walk to class, FREE parking! Pets Welcome! 372-7111 4-23-08-72-2 YOU'VE HEARD ABOUT IT NOW EXPERIENCE IT Live the Condo lifestyle in one of our 1, 2, or 3 bdrm apts. Open Sat 10-5/Sun by appt. Windmeadows Apartments 3700 Windmeadows Apts (behind Butler Plaza) 352-373-3558 4-23-71-2 LAKEWOOD VILLAS NOW LEASING FOR AUGUST Large 1, 2 & 3 bdrm Floor Plans; Furniture Packages Inc. Washer/Dryer; Workout Rm, Tennis Court; Swimming Pool; Sauna etc. Mon-Fri 9-6, Sat 10-3 700 SW 62nd Blvd 877-781-8314 www.lakewoodvillias.com 04-23-08-72-2 SPYGLASS 0 NOW LEASING FOR AUGUST Individual Leases: Furniture Packages, Inc[ Washer/Dryer, FREE Hispeed Internet; Every Unit is an End Unit Mon-Fri 9-6, Sat 10-3 701 SW 62nd Blvd 888-267-5078 www.spyglassapts.com 4-23-08-72-2 CRICKET CLUB 1 NOW LEASING Brand new 1, 2, & 3 bdrm Luxury apartments Conveniently located near shopping, restaurants and SFCC. For more info. Call: 888-509-4649 M-F 9-6, Sat b, Sun 1-5 4-23-08-72-2 ARBOR Ask About Our Move In Specials 1 BR/1 BA starting at $655 Close to UF & Shands 2411 SW 35th P 866-650-8069 M-F 9-6, Sat. 10-2 4-23-08-72-2 

PAGE 19

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 N ALLIGATOR, 19 For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent unfurnished unfurnished unfurnished unfurnished Unfurnished ) ACROSS FROM UF! All inclusive studios from $575 1 BRs from $599 -Avail Fall 2008 Pets loved. Wood floors available 372-7111 Collegemanor.org 4-23-08-72-2 Available Now & Fall Visions South Apts. Walk to UF. new complex 1BR $999 2BR 2.5 BAwasher/Dryer $1499 pets allowed Gore-Rabell Realty 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 4-23-08-72-2 LIVE CLOSE TO EVERYTHING!!! HUGE apts by mall & Archer, Park @ UF 1,2,3,&4 BRs for FALL from $330p/rm Alarm, patio, d/w, w/d, pool, tennis, & bball Call 376-4002 today for a tour! 4-23-72-2 BEAUTIFULAND LUXURIOUS Ceramic tile, maple cabinets, TV in Kitchen Huge Scr. Porches, W/D, Walk-in Closets Only 1.5 miles to UF 2/2's & 3/3's Starting at $500/per person Hidden Lake 374-FUNN 4-23-72-2 **CAMPUS EDGE CONDO** 2BR/2BA walk to class/gym. Mins to Shands. Tile floor, WD in unit. $535/room. Available fall 239-250-6149, 239-992-2449 4-21-0840-2 BRAND NEW 2/2.5 TOWNHOME AVAILABLE NOW! 2 BLOCKS TO UF! Only $600 per person 371-7777 4-23-08-72-2 4BR/4BA Furnished $1099 5BR/2BA Near UF $1095 3BR/2BA Duckpond $995 Ask about Move-In Specials! 30 + Properties Available! www.BosshardtPM.com 352-371-2118 4-23-72-2 MOVE IN TODAY! Rooms and Studios STEPS TO UF As low as $399 -$629 Short term leasing available! Open late and weekends 371-7777 4-23-08-69-2 HOUSES ACROSS FROM UF AVAILABLE FALL 2008! 2 and 3 bedrooms from $480/person! 371-7777 Open late and weekends Collegeparkuf.com 4-23-08-69-2 Live in Luxury Walk to UF Lg 11Br, 2Br, 3Br & 4Br apts by Sorority Row. W/ closet, W/D, Ethernet, granite countertops, built-in bookshelves, TVs, balcony & swing. 352-376-6223 www.SororityRowApts.com 4-23-59-2 Save time on your search 1 site-50 Apts near UF-Limited time specials! Virtual Tours & photos* Studio & 1BR $615+ *2BR $399+ 3BR $630/br+* 4BR $479/br www.LiveNearCampus.com* 352-376-6223 4-23-68-2 *SUN ISLAND APT@ *OWalk or Bike to CampuseO 1-1 from $560/moSS2-1 from $660/mo www.sunisland.infoOSS376-6720 4-23-58-2 ** LUXURY APTS ** CLOSEST TO CLASS 2bd/2ba available for Fall www.LookingGlassApartmerits.com 111 NW 16th St. #1, Call 376-1111 4-23-59-2 Hey, Ad and Business Majors' DVe into a new opportunity! Sales positions & internships are available with the advertising department for UF & SFCC Students! To Compete in today's job raket, you need experience. And the, more experience you have to offer future employers, the better. But how can you get a job that will give you experience when you need experience to get a job? The Alligator offers students just like you that opportunity. You will gain valuable sales experience through personal contact with clients. You will learn the newspaper business from a hands-on perspective. if youcan work Spring and Summer semesters, then we're taking applications. You must be enrolled in Spring and Summer Classes. Join the staff of the largest indeFpendent college newspap er in the nation. Let The Alligator be your first step toward a successful future. Applications are available at The Allgator, 1105 W. University Ave. Application deadLine: FridaC, April 25 at 4pmn Call 376-4482 if you have any questions 1 alii aor **$400 OFF 1st MONTH** Sorority Row Townhomes Luxury 2/2.5 from $635/room Pets loved. Private balconies 372-7111 CollegeManor.org 4-23-08-58-2 Sun Island Summer Rates Plus July free on 15 month lease May 08 -July 09 -1. from $560 2.1 from $650 376-6720 4-23-58-2 3 BLOCKS to UF 1, 2, & 3 Bdrms The Nicest Luxury Apts in Gville www.jacksonsquarecondominiums.com Call 352-375-8256 4-23-58-2 **ONE MONTH PREE** Private Single-story Villas *1 BR ONLY $529** **2BR ONLY $599** 2 Pools*Pond*Laundry Alarms Avail*Small pets ok Move-in Today*375-1519 4-23-60-2 *2BR + BONUS ROOM* TODAY Only $699 POOL*GYM*POND *ONE MONTH FREE* Move in TODAY!! 376-0828 4-23-60-2 **HUMONGOUS VILLAS** WD HU*Storage*Large Kitchen 2BRI2BA ONLY $759 3BR/2BA ONLY $864 **ONE MONTH FREE** Near Oaks Malt & Tower Rd. **NEWLY RENOVATED** Move-in TODAYd333-1120 4-23-60-2 2 BLOCKS TO UFI Studios and 1/1s for Fall As low as $589/month Pets welcome! 371-7777 Collegeparkuf.com 4-23-08-57-2 Union Properties of Gainesville, In. Friendly, Professional Service. Call us today so we may help you find your next home. 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-55-2 WINDSOR TERRACE APTS. 3520 SW 20th Avenue 1 bed/1 bath $495/mo Bus Route, close to shops Private courtyards Union Properites 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-55-2 MALIBU COVE APTS. 1114 SW 7th Avenue Spacious Loft Style Behind Norman Hall Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-55-2 MOVE IN TODAY HUGE 2 or 3 BR Avail!. Pool'Gym*Pets Welcome Ask about FREE RENT! Great Rates! 373-1111 423542 2160 sq ft 46R/3BA home in NW Oville. Minutes to UF. Appi. included. Remodeled. Ceramic and wood floors, 2 car gar, deck, 1/ 2 acre lot, fenced. $1,500/m, 3120 NW 31st Blvd. 352 466-0358. 4-18-08-50-2 Ibr 1 ba each a garden apt SW $540 Pets ok both locations mature only. 352-377-2150 Please leave us a msg. 4-8-08-40-2 Moving/living off campus? Use UFL?s improved off-campus housing service. Go to www.offcampushousing.dso.ufl.edu to find housing, roommates, and more. 4-23-48-2 1BR & 2BR/1BA APTS with W/D, cent H/AC, DW, ceramic tile, private patio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th St near bus rte. From $689/mo 377-1633 www.lenoxcorner.com 5-13-08-50-f st2007 Brand New/ Leasing for Aug" Have your own house and live in G'ville largest floor plans. Clubhouse w/ pool, fitness, computer study, free tanning. Pet Friendly 2BR/2.5BA sq ft -1,263 3BR/3BA sq ft -1,530 4BR/4BA sq ft -1,794 REDUCED RATES FOR A LIMITED TIME Now starting at $565 352-373-7959 www.coftagegroveatgainesville.com 4-23-47-2 PSST.Have you heard? We are giving out CASH when you sign your 4/4 HERE! Less than 1 mi from UF. 3 bus stops in community. RMM Call NOWmwhile me have NO SIGNING FEES 271-3131 4-23-47-2 Whispering Pines, brand new units convenient to hospitals and vet school, 2br/2ba, fully equipped kitchen, icemaker, washer and dryer, monitored alarm system, $1000/mo, now renting for summer/fall semesters, ask about our specials! www.edbaurmanagement.com 1731 NW 6th St. 375-7104 x113 4-23-47-2 Spacious*Affordable*Close to Campus Available NOW and Fall 2008 4/2 from $420/mo & 2/1 from $509/mo Fully furnished, Cable w/HBO included Fitness, Pool, Volleyball, B-ball and more! Call now, spaces limited 352-377-6700 4-23-46-2 Houses, Duplexes, Condo, Townhouses. WalklBike/Bus to campus. Neat, cledhi good quality. Visit www.gatorpads.com for available units or call 284-0316 4-23-08-43-2 AVAILABLE NOW 91BR/1BA Walk to UF 1000 sq ft, hardwood floors, $525/mo. O 3BR/2BA Downtown W/D, $1200/mo. Gore-Rabell Real Estate 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 4-23-08-47-2 Action Real Estate Services Houses to Condos 1-4 BR, Starting at $450 www.action-realtors.com 352-331-1133 4-23-08-45-2 CRICKET CLUB 11 gated condos, Tower Rd, NEW 1,2,3 bedrooms, pool, gym, washer and dryer. Starting at $119,900, 332-4544. Choose your own incentives! 4-23-35-2 1920'S BUNGELOW NE 10th St. W/D hk-ups. Hardwood, fans, large backyard, excellent condition, $900/mo No Dogs 378-3704 No Section 8. 4-2331-2 HISTORIC APARTMENTS Available in Fall. 1-2-3 bedrooms, Hardwood floors, fans, porches, downtown. No dogs. 1st-last-security. 378-3704 No Section 8 4-23-31-2 1 BR Apt $525, quiet, greenspace,trees,near UF, busline, parking, spacious LR and BR, adorable kitchen, pvt patio, carpeted, ceiling fans, graduate students or mature, (352)376 0080/284 3873. No Dogs. Available 4-308-15-2 House on Suwannee River with clear spring in back yard; 3 bd, 2 ba, CHA, WD Hookupsall appliances furnishedlarge yard, double lot, trees, quiet, 5 mi northr-n Bell, Fl on 129. (352) 376 0080/284 3873 4-308-15-2 

PAGE 20

20, A-LLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent, unfurninis u hedf a l unfurnished a unfurnished unfurnished 2BD 1 BA $800 1 block to Shands, VA, quiet, downstairs, rennovated: new carpet, tile, cabinets, counter, paint, Graduate student or mrnKre person. Some utilities included. No dogs. (352) 376 0080/284 3873. Available 4-3-08-15-2 Near VA, Shands, UF 2/1.5 with all buses, amenities, patios, privacy yard, park 2. $500-$600 range. Call 386-328-6229 or email moritae@yahoo.com 4-10-20-2 TOP QUALITY, GREAT LOCATIONS Upscale 1 and 2BR apts. One block to campus on north and east side. Year lease beginning summer or fall. No pets. K&M Properties 372-1509 5-13-08-28-2 3BR/2BA, 1950 sq.ft. house for rent. CLOSE TO CAMPUS. Wood floors, large yard, garage. Available August 1st. $1275/month. 3936 SW 3rd Ave. Call 352.359.1270 423-28-2 NOW LEASING CAMPUS VIEW SOUTH! Located across from UF! Brand new luxury 2 bd/2ba units with maple cabinets, crown molding, W/D, security system & more! Call 333-9333 to rent for Fall 2008! 4-15-20-2 Luxurious Victoria Stations 2Br/2 bath, W/D, pool, walk to butler plaza, less 1 nV/e from UF 3 bus lines in front of complex. $900/month. available 8/1 352-222-4235 4-10-08-17-2 HAPPINESS IS. Living so close to campus You can walk there!! 2/1 behind Norman Hall Won't Last Long!. Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-26-2 FERNWOOD APTS 3555 SW 20th Avenue 1 bed/1 bath $515.00/mow/d hookups, some utilities incl. Bus Route, close to shops Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-26-2 ARE YOUR ROOMMATES DRIVING YOU CRAZY? Check out our 1 bed. Apts. And afford to live alone! Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-26-2 ALMOST NEW UNITS FOR FALL New Flooring & Fresh Paint! University Terrace 4bed/4bath Single room Leases $425/mo Cable, internet and some utilities incl. Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-26-2 2 rooms for rent Immediate move in SW location near Oaks Mall Starting at $350 2 br 1.5 bth townhouse Wood floors & tile throughout, all major appliances in kit. W/D included and fireplace 850-960-1394 4-7-14-2 **Across From U ** $1150/mo Special! 2bd/2ba Limited Time Offer for Fall www.LookingGlassApartments.com 111 NW 16th St. #1, call 376-1111 4-2308-25-2 Why Wait for August -Move Now! Immediate move-ins for 1-2-3 Bedrooms! Washer/Dryer *Alarms Low Rates! Minutes from UF Tons of Parking Call now for 1 month free! 335-7656 4-26-64-2 5BR/2BA HOUSE 504/506.NW 3rd St. Very clean inside. Huge fenced backyard. Zoned legal for over three. Lease now thru July 2009 or longer. $895/mo. 352-371-9409 or 352-213-9369 4-15-08-20-2 4/3 Screened Pool & Jacuzzi Home in popular NW neighborhood. Garden bath in master. Open floor plan with fireplace. Two car garage. Pool service/lawncare included. $2000/mnth $1500 dep. Call 371-2462. 415-20-2 2BR/1BA with W/D. Near Duckpond w/ carport & yard. Pets OK. $675/mo. Jeffrey 246-5801 4-8-08-15-2 3BR/1BA1 BLOCKTO UF -AUG 1st. 1227 SW 4th Ave Apts 1 & 3 Cent H/AC, wood floors, parking, energyefficient, historic bldg. $1425. 352-331-0590 or 514-5060 cell 4-15-20-2 PET'S PARADISE $375 -$575. No app or pet fee. 1 & 2BR, privacy fenced. SW. 352-331-2099 4-1508-20-2 LUXURY CONDO -ROCKWOOD VILLAS 2BR2BA close to UF & mall. On bus rte. $850/mo. Call 332-8841 4-15-20-2 2/2.5 townhouse in modern two year old building, 2 blocks from UF behind Norman Hall. W/D, microwave, kitchen, TV, etc. $1295 including high speed internet and parking. Call 332-8835 4-16-08-20-2 $500-550 ** 1 & 2 Bed Cottages & Apts!! $700 **2 Bed Cottages. Porches & Quiett! Wooden Floors & Central AC. Historic Downtown. Walk to restaurants, shops, & nightlife. ***** MUST SEEtt Call now 505-9264 ***** Photos: www.rentalworkshop.com 5-2708-30-2 Available August: Cute & Clean Vintage 4bd/2.5ba behind Applebee's. Bike to UF! Wood firs, CH/AC, W/D, fans, blinds. Huge rooms! 907 NW 11th Ave. $1760/mo. Others available! www.cozygator.com 352-338-7670 4-4-08-12-2 Available August: Several Cute & Clean two & 3 BR homes near UF. All have wood firs, CH/AC, W/D, fans, blinds, & lawn upkeep. Rents from $800-$1350/mo Others available! Visit www.cozygator.com 352-338-7670 44-08-12-2 Cute Cottage 2 bedroom 1 bath, with study large laundry room, yard service 310 N.W. 20th Ave $795/mo Green Tree Realty, call Barbara 317-4392. 5-29-30-2 FOR RENT 3 & 4 BR houses,1 w/pool and big game room,wood floors, fireplaces,patios,big yards,private parking,close to bus line, UF and SFCC, Call Rob 954-899-7197 4-1808-21-2 COTTAGES AT NORMAN -New! Fall 2008. Within feet of UF and blocks of Sorority Row. Luxury apt: gourmet kitchens, stainless appliances, granite, sec system, woodfloors. 335-5424 or www.bellaproperties.net. 417-20-2 Got Bathrooms? 3 Bed 3 bath homes for Fall Behind SW 34th Street Hilton $1350/mo Call Now!! Union Properties 352-373-7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-24-2 $99.00 MOVES YOU IN! Want specials? Get hooked up @ THE POLOS Luxury Apartments with low-low rent! 1 Beds from $799 w/ $200 off Aug Rent 2 Beds from $959 w/ $350 off Aug Rent 3 Beds from $1139 w/ $500 off Aug Rent 3 Pools 24 Hr Gym 24 Hour Study Room Washer/Dryer*Alarm*Fireplaces*Lakeviews Why wait & miss out? Sign today! 335-7656 4-23-24-2 Female roommate needed Great location! Walk in closet & private bath, steps away from the pool, ample parking and on UF bus route. $395/mo incl. internet and cable! + uti. Call Ali (786)543-4137 4-3-5-2 $390/mo ONLY! Very well maintained. 1 Owin to UF. Pvt BR/BA. Ind Laundry Rm in apt, Full Kitchen, Furn Com Area, WI-Fl Inet, UF Bus Rte, Pool, MORE! OPEN MINDED, Call'Rino 954-854-9445 or rinopatane@yahoo-com 4-23-24-2 Spacious 4 BR \ 3 BA House near campus and on bus route. Nice neighborhood across from best buy. Available Now $ 1100 \mth 352-281-0099 4-4-08-5-2 2/2 Campus Edge condo. 5 min. to Shands and next to SW gym. 6 bus routes. $1100/ mo. Tiled floors, appliances, pool and gym included. Quiet 3/2 house on 39th Ave also available for $1275/mo.(954)325-6375 515-25-2 1614 NW 21st Av (3/2) $1050 3311 NW 30th Av (3/2) $1050 4430 NW 16th PI (3/2) $1450 Email: SBR@Jacksonllc.com Call: 352-316-1893 6-3-30-2 2006 NW 35th St (4/2) $1350 1206 NW 36th St (4/2) $1350 Email: SBR@Jacksonllc.com Call: 352-316-1893 6-3-30-2 SPECTACULAR LAKEFRONT CONDO 2BR 2BA, FL rm, washer/dryer. Close to Shands, UF on busline. $975/mo. Call Fred for showing. Andree Realty 352-375-2900 4-23-08-23-2 Lovely 3bed/2bath house. Hardwood floors, large living/dining w/bonus family room, screened porch, sundeck, large fenced yard, garage. Very close to campus available 8/1. $1700/mo. Call Eric Wild at 352-870-9453. 6-3-30-2 Union Street Station 2 bed/ 2 bath corner unit available 8/1. Large bedrooms and living room. Private balcony. Most secure building in town! 1400/month, parking included. Call Eric Wild 352-870-9453. 6-3-30-2 4 x 1 HOUSE 2 Blocks to UF, sorority row, Norman Hall, Shands. Cent AC/H, wood floors, parking, pets ok. $1720/mo. Avail 8/10 -1 yr. 665-8166 4-11-08-15-2 HUGE 4 x 2 HOUSE 2 blocks to UF, sorority row, Norman Hall, Shands. Cent AC/H, wood floors, W/D, parking. Avail Aug 16 -1 yr. Pets ok $2180/mo. 665-8166 4-11-08-15-2 Gator Place 2br,1ba on bus line, 3600 sw 23rd st w&d,dw,tile,carpet $750/mo 331-7964 (pics on craigslist) 4-9-08-10-2 Unfurnished 2BR/2.5BA for rent. Available May, 08. Near Archer Road/ 34th Street. Call 904-400-2145 or email nguyen2l53@yahoo.com 4-8-08-10-2 4 -5 -6 Bedroom Houses Don't Miss Out -You Must See Great Housing Opportunities Close To Campus Call 352-682-3928 4-23-08-20-2 3/2 Available Fall '08. 1800+ sqft W/ fenced in yard. Mins to UF, SFCC. Pets welcome! Only $975/month! Avail Aug. 6! Call April 352-5141441. 3320 NW 30th PL. 4-7-08-7-2 2 BR, 2.5 BA TOWNHOUSES Two Brighton Park Townhouses, End Units. 1172 Sq ft. DW, W/D, Swimming Pool. Clean and well maintained. Great location on bus rosin close to UP yet away from traffic noise -4415 SW 34th St. Non-Smokers only. Available June and August. $900/month 214-3820 4-16-08-14-2 2BR 2BAApt, Close to UF Central Heat & Air, W/D, Dishwasher, Vaulted Ceiling 110 NW 9th Ter, Avail May $800/mo, rentUF@gmail.com 4-18-08-16-2 *****ANTIQUE HOUSE***** Available now. 1 and 2br/lba apt in old house, high ceilings. $475-600/mo. ALSO 3BR/2BA house in Micanopy, huge bathroom, large yard, in city. Call Greg 214-3291 4-21-17-2 FOXMOOR Condominium Remodeled, 2BR/1.5BA, Twnhse w/ W/D, DSL, cable, pool. Walk to SW Rec/UF/City bus lines/park & ride. $700/mo + utils. Nonsmokers only. Avail 8/9. Call 352-505-3838 4-3-08-5-2 APARTMENTS *INCREDIBLE SPECIALS!* Brand NEW & leasing for Fall 08 >From 1080 sq ft/2brs -1633 sq ft/3brs Beach-entry pool*free tanning*pet friendly 352.376.0696 www.EnclaveUF.com 4-23-08-20-2 NO MOVE IN FEES! $795/mo. PAY LAST YEAR'S RENT! 1 bed/1 bath "The Polos" W/D incl. Screened patio. Pristine. VERY CLOSE TO UF! Tons of amenities! Pets welcome! Move in 7/1/08! keikimd@hotmail.com 4-4-08-5-2 Improve Your LEX Life This Summer 4/4's @ $399 & 3/3's @ $429 Waive All Fees.Don't Miss Out! Ask about a FREE 42" Plasma TV! 352-373-9009 LexingtonCrossingUF.com 4-23-20-2 WALKING DISTANCE TO CAMPUS/ MIDTOWN -Large 1 or 2 BEDROOM SUMMER SUBLEASE. Possibly the world's greatest apartment. Josh.Manning@yahoo.com 352-328-4189 4-14-08-10-2 1BR 1BAApt, 3BLKS to UFI Carpet, Central H &Air 1029 SW 3rd Avenue $525/Mo Call Merrill Management Inc. 352-372-1494 x10 4-4-4-2 2BR 1 BA Apt Near Sam's Club Window A/C, Nat gas ht Terazzo Floors. $550/Mo 2901 NW 14th Street. First, Last & Deposit required Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 4-4-4-2 APTS for rent close to UF! www.merrillmanagement.net Merrill Management Inc. 352-372-1494 x10 4-4-4-2 2BR 1 BA Home off NW 6th St. Terazzo Floors, Window A/C, Nat Gas ht. 750 sq. ft. $600/Mo 404 NW 28th Avenue. Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 x 10 4-4-4-2 2BR 1 BA Garage Apt, 1 BLK to UF! Wood Floors, Central H & Air Includes all Utilities $850/Mo 1014 Sw 2nd Place #B3 Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 xlO. 4-4-4-2 $100 CASH to qualified lessee Available May 1st. 4 blocks from UF (behind Chipolte on University). 1 BR/1 BA, about 850 sq ft. Hardwood floors, W/D incl, pet friendly. $720/mo. 321-945-4438 4-7-5-2 5 MINUTES TO UF 3BR/2BA, garage, wood floors, vaulted ceilings, DW, W/D, fenced yard, great house. Avail Aug. 3642 NW 7th PL. $1350/mo. Sec/ref req'd. By appt 352373-6080 4-23-08-17-2 Studio apartment. Utilities INCLUDED. $575 month, $600 security. 2490 S.W. 14th Drive, Apt #31. 4-10-08-7-2 AVAIL AUG 1, 3/2, 3401 NW 7 PLACE, CLOSE TO CAMPUS. LIV, DIN & FAMILY RM. LG BEDROOMS, WASHER/DRYER & ALL APPLIANCES. 2646 SQ FT, 333-9874. $1425. 4-15-08-10-2 Efficiency at Sundowne Apts. 3600 Windmeadows Blvd #34. Near Butler Plaza. Quiet corner unit. $499/mo. Call 352-2261480 4-22-08-14-2 BLOCKS TO UF Houses & Apts w/ample parking. Rent directly from owner. No dealing w/brokers or agents. Houses from $1500/mo, apts from $525/mo. See dalyproperties.com or call Carol 352-377-3852 5-13-08-17-2 $200 off May Rent!! Apartment Available in Pinetree Gardens. May 1-July 31 with opportunity to renew for fall. Close to campus. Pets allowed. 2nd floor, overlooks pool Call Jenn 352-870-0714 4-4-3-2 Clean, Quiet, non-smoking pre-professional femal for 2BR/2.5BA townhouse. Unfurnished. Very quiet neighborhood. $450/mo + 1/2 utils & internet. Call 561-8274970 4-9-5-2 Nature lover's have. 2311 NE 55th Blvd. (FR 26) $600. fenced yard. 2BR/1BA, screened porch, woodwalls, W/D, central heat/AC, 12 mins to campus (non-smokers) 375-6854 4-9-08-5-2 BLUES CREEK -the gardens 3 bed 2 bath with study, 2 car garage, wood floors throughout great room and study. Huge master suite, lawn and exterior maintenance included, pool, tennis, and clubhouse $1350 per month Jordan 352 -222 -0211 4-9-5-2 HUGE POOL HOME with Hot tub 4 bed (two masters) 3 bath *7 BLOCKS to campus $2450 per month with 1500 sec Jordan 352 -222-0211 4-9-08-5-2 *A Place in the Sune Walk/Bike to UF Big 3 bd/ 1 ba New Kitchen / Huge Yard Must See, $1,500/mo 352-375-8256 4-23-15-2 *Sorority Row Area@ Historic 3 bd/ 2 ba Completely Remodeled W/D inc. Spiral Staircase Walk to Class, $1,759/mo 352-375-8256 4-23-15-2 08 Blocks to UFO Great Deal on Large Upstairs 2 bd/ 1 ba Hardwood Floors Save Money @ $700/mo 352-375-8256 4-23-15-2 *Walk to UFO Studio Size Cottage, Fully Remodeled $450/mo 352-375-8256 4-23-15-2 *Walk to Class & Stadium* Vintage 2 bd / 1 ba Hardwood Floors & Fireplace Huge Bedrooms,Covered parking $1200/mo 352-375-8256 4-23-15-2 MILL POND CONDO 3BR/2BA, garage. Across from GHFC. $1100/mo. Avail May. Call 331-6872 4-2308-10-2 TOTALLY RENOVATED!! 1 BR. Villas *No roommate hassles Courtney Greens Villas 375-3077 www.gremco.com 4-23-15-2 ubsiecses DON'T WAIT TO PLACE YOUR SUBLEASE AD Last spring semester paper published on April 23rd. CALL TO DAY!!! Dr PLACE YOUR AD AT WWW.ALLIGATOR.ORG! Apartments Sublet & Roommates Browse FREE! www.SUBLETcom 1-877-FOR-RENT/201-845-7300 8-13-149-3 

PAGE 21

THURSDAY, APRIL 3;2008 U ALLIGATOR, 21 5 ula ses Subleases sSubleases Roommates lbd/1br in the polo's, fireplace, vaulted ceilings, washer and dryer included, walkin closet, Great Amenties, Great Location AVAILABLE NOW! $730/mon. Call Kern 561306-6871 4-4-08-30-3 CHEAP SUMMER SUBLEASE $325/mo/ rm/OBO + 1/2 utils. 2BR/2BA avail May 8th until July 31st. Partially furnished if desired. $325/mo On bus route 34 & 35. Pool & on site laundry. 305-773-3761 or 786-253-6798 4-8-08-20-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 3 rooms available in a 3/3 apt in Tivoli Apts -1.5 mi from campus. Washer/Dryer and dishwasher, plus gym, pool tennis and bball courts. Avail May-July. $250/rm/month+util obo. Call 941-380-1783 4-4-15-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Melrose Apts. Fully furnished 1/1 in 4/4. Only 2 roommates. Washer/dryer, dishwasher, cable & internet, all utilities inc. Nice balcony, clubhouse, gym, pool, b-ball court. Gated entry. Apt very clean. No fee upon move in! May-Aug (3 mo. pay) $449/mo. Call Jasmine 786-229-7956 4-4-08-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE AT CABANA BEACH Only $480/month! Call Rick at 321-279-4658 or email at rclark13@ufl.edu **NO TRANSFER FEES**' 4-3-10-3 Summer Sublease! $375, 2BR, pets allowed, laundry room, and great outdoor patio. across from college park pool. 2 minute walk to campus and walking distance to everything on University. Call 904.254.5518 4-7-08-10-3 SUB-LEASE; April-July; POLOS April Rent Pd. -1Bdr. -All Appliances -W/D -$45 App. Fee Rent $650 -813-431-6291 4-3-08-7-3 2/1 Sublease available 5/1 through 7/31' in Pine Rush Villas on 20th Street. Each room is available for 334.50 plus utilities. Convenient to bus routes 20 & 21 Pets welcome. Call Joe at 352-339-5795 for info! 4-23-08-20-3 Summer Sublease 2BR/2BA in 3BR/3BA $365/month(negotiable) plus 1/3 utilities. W/D in unit, free wireless internet, walk in closet, pet friendly, 24hr gym, pool, & jacuzzi. for more info(954)288-5889 4-4-08-7-3 Luxury Apartment at Hidden Lake! Available May I -August 1 1 Bedroom/ I Bath in a 2/2 Female Roommate wanted. $550 per month Call 3053041656 4-4-5-3 Summer Sublease-Countryside fully furnished,1/1 in a 4/4,only 11 roommate Huge, spacious room, walk in closet 350/mo w/ utilities. Call Benji@ 386-9568505 or email Benji522@ufl.edu 4-3-5-3 1/1 in 3/3 in Cobblestone avail May-Aug, $550/month i oh!, itint & util. W/D, OW, gym, tan bed, pool, ten & bball courts, sec guard @ night, bus 8/29 just outside complex Call Eritsy 561-779-0046 4-4-6-3 FIRST MONTH FREE! Sublease Homestead apt 2BR/2BA. March 1 thru July 31. $719/mo. 3 miles from campus. No last or security. Call 352-494-7857 4-3-5-3 May-Aug sublease. One room in 4/4 @ The Landings. W/D. Tennis, bball, pool. $450/mo -negotiable. Uti incl. #13 bus. Call David @ 954-993-8992. 4-10-10-3 Two rooms for rent in Estates. $450 per room, includes utilities and furnished rooms with private bath. This unit is poolside! Very nice. Call 352-871-6647. 4-9-10-3 Spacious 2/2 at Boardwalk available May 5 -July 31. South on 13th St. Pool, gym, on-site laundry, pet friendly. $765/mo -negotiable. Call Ana at 786-218-2231 4-4-5-3 Summer Sublease, all summer, $500/month or best offer, Stratford Courts behind Norman garage, 15 minute walk to Turlington, furnished, fully stocked kitchen, 2 porches, wood floors, large closet, lots of parking, fun roommates, call (561)248-8307 or mccredie@ufl.edu. 4-4-5-3 Summer sublease at The Estates! 1 rm in 2/2. Fully furnished, ethernet, cable, pool, gym, bball, rec room. Reduced to $500/mo. Available May, June, & July. (407)949-4824. 4-7-08-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE COLLEGE PARK Studio Apartment Available 5/57/31 $400/Month OBO, Call Travis (904) 612-9171 tknewton@ufl.edu 4-7-5-3 1/1 in a 2/2 at Hidden Lake from 5/1 to 7/31. W/D, Cable, Internet all included. Monthly rent is 575 + half utils. Apartment well taken care of. Please call Ken at 305-519-8985 for more information. 4-23-17-3 .0 .F "Cop righied Malerial Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" COURTYARDS SUMMER SUBLEASE Steps from Campus -Completely Furnished 3 Rooms Available -1st FloorApt. $469 (negotiable)EVERYTHING INCLUDED Mike: mbiemann@ufl.edu 9499815012 4-14-10-3 GREAT Summer Sublease! $430/mo + util 3 blocks east of campus, SW 1st Ave HUGE, NICE, 3/2, walk to campus/midtown CALL 561-635-8642 (Justin) or e-mail jfelder@ufl.edu for info 4-14-10-3 $400.00 -1br/1ba Apt Available for Summer Sublease. Spacious 1 br with living room and large walk-in closet within 1 mile of campus. utilities are not incl. For more info contact Frantz @ 352 328 5136. 4-21-14-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 2br/2ba in Campus Edge. Right next to campus. Option to sign lease for fall. Tile, lots of parking, w/d, pool, gym, pond view. Call 239-253-1610 or mt04c@ufl.edu 4-8-08-5-3 large 1/1 in 4/3 on bus rt 12 490/mo furnished w/ utilities avail May 1-Aug 7 quiet bldg view of woods 239.216.0130 dana8386@ufl.edu 4-1508-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ Madison Pointe. 1/1 in 3/3 townhouse. Utilities included, fully furnished. 480/month OBO. Call Mia at (561)685-7452 or email at mialms@ufl.edu 4-8-5-3 Steps from campus: empty, furnished 4 bdrm at the Courtyards. Rent includes utli., cable and internet. $480 per person, negotiable. Available mid-May to Aug. Call 727-271-0227 or 727-534-0673. 4-8-5-3 ROYAL VILLAGE SUMMER A &/or B AVAIL.4BR/2BA FULLY FURNISHED APPT! ALL UTIL., INTERNET, & CABLE INCL.,CAN WALK TO CAMPUS! ONLY $490/mo neg. Email for more info: BrittanyUF@yahoo.com 4-8-5-3 New Stratford Court luxury 1 BR / 1 BA. 2 Blocks from campus. May 5July 30. W/D, dishwasher, free Hi-Speed Ethernet, Walk in closet, porch w/ swing, $950/mo or Best offer. (904) 237-6975 4-15-08-10-3 Summer Sublease at University Commons 5/4-8/3. 2 Rooms avail. in a cute 4/2You can live w/ a Friend! Furn., Close to Campus, pref females. $360/mo + utils. Contact Andrea at 321-795-8789 or asmith87@ufl.edu 4-85-3 Steps from campus & view overlooking the stadium! Sublease 2B/2Ba apt at Looking Glass. $575 per person. Available May until Aug & half the rent for may will be payed! For more info, plz call (954) 494-9856 423-16-3 ATTN: ALL GREEKS AT UF Is Your Fraternity or Sorority House Closed for the summer? Live Large -Pay Small 4, 5, 6 Br Houses for Summer Sublease. Call 352-682-7424 4-23-08-16-3 Sublease and receive $50 cash! Irm in 4/2 at Gatewate at Glades. Pool view, quiet, friendly roommates, best place ever! Must leave due to graduating! (786)210-8023. $390/m obo, May-Aug. 4-4-3-3 GREAT DEAL! 300/mo Rent AND Util. University Club Summer Sublease May through July. 1/1 avail. in 4/4. pool. gym. volleyball. carwash. rec room. 3 bus routes. call joe 352-362-5843 4-908-5-3 Summer sublease-1/1 in a fully furnished 2/2 on sw 16 st. Walk, bike, or bus to campusonly 5 min walk to Shands! $300/mo or best offer+1/2 cable/util/internet (ave $70/mo). Katie @ 239-860-3872 or kjenner@ufl.edu. 4-11-08-7-3 CHEAP&CLOSE!380/mo OBO @ NORMAN! 1br in a 2br unit at ivy house. ladies only. rent includes: daily cleaning service, utilities, cable, high speed internet, furniture. PLEASE place an offer. 7278714202. 4-9-5-3 Cabana Beach $609.00 2/2 I am moving! April is free! take over my lease (ends June 08) after that you may re-lease if wanted. Great location by Entrance, Pool, Gym, Bus Stop. Room mate very clean! contact me emriba@ufl.edu 305-796-1278 4-9-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE: 3/3 townhouse style apt. in Greenwich Green. $397/mo plus 1/3 electric and internet. Cable,W/D, and some furn. inc. Quiet neighborhood, nice pool, and close to campus. Call 561-602-6589 4-9-08-5-3 $825$ SUMMER SUBLEASE 2/1 House, Central A/C, W/D, Fireplace, Hardwood, Patio, Garden, Quiet and Private. Next to Ward's Supermarket. Option to renew in fall. Cats OK (407)496-9486 or dtfort86@ufl.edu 4-16-10-3 Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-23-72-4 ENJOY A ROMANTIC OLD HOUSE Near library downtown. $285-$370/rm + utils. Short term. No pets. No smoking. 378-1304 4-11-39-4 MOTEL LIVING NOT MOTEL PRICE Share furn 2/2 MH $200 N/R dep. $100/wk incl util. 2 wk advance disc 4 wk. Vehicle A+. Laundry/cook svc avail. N/S, N/A, ND, Near bus/shop. Avail now 331-3666 4-8-15-4 Need girl roomate 4 fall 550/month inicudes everything. 5 mts from campus, grt bus routes, pets welcome.SW 35th Pl clean and spacious call Elina @ 786-493-9069 4-1520-4 Roll out of bed & walk/bike to UF, Shands or VA. Male to share an adorable 2/1 like new, remodeled condo with low utilites until 8/1. $400/month + $200 dep and 1/2 utilities. Call to see, 352-843-0862. 4-7-14-4 1 BD/1 BA avail NOW in 2/2.5 condo near UF. Fully furnished, cable, internet, W/D, pool incl. 4 bus rts. $540/mo + 1/2 utils. call Chris 561-445-9034 4-23-08-26-4 Female, UF roommates wanted by UF student to share three beds/two baths, furn/ unfurn townhouse. 5 min to campus. washer/ dryer. No smoking. No pets. 813-892-3996 4-15-20-4 Female grad student/prof wanted-share spacious 3/2 house. conv to UF Shands & vet school. Very quiet neighborhood, Lg privacy fenced yard. Clean & friendly pets may be considered-sorry no cats. 352-359-3165 4-3-08-10-4 LARGE FURNISHED ROOM w/private bath, NW Gville house. $475/mo Call Mike 352372-7387 4-8-10-4 Close to UF. Responsible individual needed to share beautiful 4BR/2BA house. W/D. $325/mo plus share of utilities and security deposit. (352)-328-4210. 4-8-08-10-4 Female roommate needed for clean & quiet 4BD/4BA condo. $430/month ALL utilities included. Fully furnished. Just 1 mile from UF. Call Dory 954-816-1468. 4-10-10-4 MATURE PROFESSIONAL share 3BR/3BA pool home near University. Safe neighborhood across from Plaza Royale movie theatre. No alcohol or drugs. $350/mo + 1/3 util. Available Aug 1st, 2008. 371-3837 4-3-5-4 Male roomie needed. Share furn 3BR/2BA house w/yng prof $400/mo + 1/2 util Directv, ph, wireless, Vonage, elec. W/D, office space pvt BA (morn) Ig yd fenced, pets ok, trees, wooddeck, hoftub, pond. 15 min drive to UF, near bus, Lakeview Ests 352-682-6297 Ken 4-17-15-4 Walk/bike to UF. Own room in very nice home close to campus. W/D, hardwood floors, internet, etc. $475/mo includes everything. Non-smoker plz. 305-968-1004 M/F roommate wanted for 2 story townhome. 3BR/2BA. 500/mo ALL utilities. Clean, non smoker, allows small pets, bus route to UF/Sante Fe, avail. 5/1 for school year. Call Shelby 904-334-4414 4-18-14-4, Fall 08: Looking for serious female roommate to share 2 bed 1.5 bath townhouse; has w/d, dw, and disposal. $345 mon.+1/2 uti and cable. Less than 1 mile from UF and Shands. 904-315-3243. 1038 SW 6th Dr 32601 4-3-2-4 WALK TO CAMPUSIt 3 BLKS TO UFt Private BR&BA in new modern 2/o.)ndo all utilities/cable/internet included FEMALE Sr or Grad Stud/seat, responsible 1 MON. FREE RENT! Email: kiki4jc@ufl.edu 4-8-08-4-4 Roommate for summer and/or upcoming school year. House in nice subdivision of Capri, bout 10 minute drive to campus or 15 minutes by bus. EVERYTHING INCLUDED for $350/month. Preferably female student with no pets. Contact at (863)521-2078 or email aloha75@uf8.edu. 4-21-13-4 M. grad student needs roommate for 2br/1ba condo w yard off SW 75th St. 20 min to UF. sat and internet incl. $325 + 1/2 other util. 309-868-2234 4-16-10-4 Available now. $400/mo One bedroom, prvt bath in 2BR/2.5BA, W/D, 1/2 util. On bus rt. Call anytime 352-256-0850, leave a message. 4-7-3-4 Real Estate Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUT PLACING YOUR AD ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373-Find SEE ALL CONDOS WWW.UFCONDOMINIUMS.COM Matt Price Campus Realty, 382-281-3551 4-23-72-5-5 NEW CONDOS -WALK to UF 3 Blks to UF. For Info on ALL 1 2, 3 4 Bedrooms for Sale, Call Eric Leightman, Campus Realty at 352-219-2879. 4-23-72-5 GATOR PLACE CONDOS 2/1, w/d, 800 sq ft, 1 1/2 miles to Shands. 3600 SW 23rd St. $84,900 or rent for $650/ mo 352-372-0507 4-23-72-5 New 2,3,4BR luxury upscale condos Available for Aug Own your own house and have the largest floor plans in G'ville starting at $199,950 352-373-7959 www.coftagegroveatgainesville.com 4-23-08-72-5 Walk to UF and Stadium from Luxurious Jackson Square Condominiums Built to last a lifetime. Prices starting at $220s. Call 352-870-9453 4-23-58-5 Need Quiet To Study? 1BR/1-1/2BA condo in gated community has 1003SF, open floor plan, sim. wood floors, comm. pool & tennis.$153,000. Call Judie Irwin, CB MM Parrish @ 352-339-6879. 2-6-08-5-5 4BR/4BA LUXURY CONDO NR SORORITY ROW-BLTAUG 05 $275K INCLALLAPPL AVAILABLE SUMMER 2008 ELEV ON PREMISE-904-838-7581 3-1110-5 

PAGE 22

22, ALLIGATOR E THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 a ll Real tIBayte Furnishig BE AUPy s Are you a self motivated person? Are you happy making your boss rich with all YOUR hard work? Would you like to learn how to become a successful Real Estate Investor. Is this you? 666-873-7794 4-7-08-14-5 1BR/1 BA condo for sale in NW $106,900 Tile floors, washer & dryer, private screened in porch Call American Dreams Realty LLC (352) 338-7505 4-8-10-5 Student Condos/Homes I can find one or sell yours John Ca49in, REALTOR? 21, John Merrill, Inc John@JohnCantlon.com 352-335-9994 65-30-5 CUTE 2BR/1 BA HOUSE FSBO. NW Gville 10 min from UF campus. Move-in condition. Fenced bckyrd w/ deck. Appliances inc. New w/d & roof. Cent H/A. 125K www.mickeystahl.com (352)359-6911 4-3-5-5 RENT TO OWN 4BR 2BA 866-833-7832 x 6 24/7. 4-4-5-5 2BR/1.5BA condo 4 sale by owner. washer/ dryer, security alarm. 2 ml to UF in/dose bus stop. $102K. Melissa: (813) 453-8326 or adorno@ufl.edO 4-7-08-5-5 Completely remodeled 1 or 2BR home. Cheap price $54,000 for quick sale. 13908 NE 150th Ave. Waldo, FL. 15 min to UF. Must see inside. 352-468-3792 4-23-08-17-5 UF AREA Investment property 4BR/2BA house. Asking $275,000. Call Ricardo Kokkas/Campus Realty 352-3183384 4-14-08-10-5 Beautiful. spacious, 4BR/2.5BA house Walk to UP, elementary and middle schools. Move in ready. Asking $339,000. Call Ricardo Kokkas/Campus Realty 352-318-3384 414-08-10-5 Heart of downtown Gainesville! Modern 3bd/ 3br, ideal for roommates. Minutes from UF, above Dragonfly, steps from nightlife. wwnw.FSB4-winGainesville.com/80304 352-870-11 58/medina@ufl.edu 4-15-10-5 GO GATORS -GO SOLAR 1650&1653 NW 34 Ave New 3BR/2BA homes 3 mi N of UF. Dept of Energy. Specs almost no alec bill. Starting @ 266,900 after solar rebates. New dee. disc. Call direct Open house Sat/Sun 12-3 352-514-5060 Schackow Realty & Dev. 4-15-10-5 2 bd/2 bth Loft Townhouse For Sale $129,900 must sell. Nice corner unit located at 3450 NW 37th AV call for appt. 561-6627026 4-17-08-12-5 SAVE on GAS, TIME & SLEEP Walk to campus. Close to everything. 1/1, walk-in closet, dog walk. $86K. Call 352-8708838 5-13-08-16-5 Beautiful home for sale 3 br 2 bath, great location near UF, many extras, built ins, porch, fireplace, french doors, greenhouse, great for entertaining, landsaped backyard 249,900. Call realtor Kim 352-538-1130 5-27-20-5 5Furnishings BED -QUEEN -$110 ORTHOPEDIC Extra thick, pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 will deliver. 4-23-08-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE -$85 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-topfinattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352-. 377-9846 4-23-08-72-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT -$375 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1600. 352-372-7490 4-23-08-72-6 BED -KING -$170 PILLOWTOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588 Can deliver. 4-23-08-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed. Cost $1500, sacrifice $450 352-333-7516 Sofa $175 Brand new in pkg 333-7516 4-23-72-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1100 (352) 372-7490 4-23-08-71-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Call 352-377-9846 4-23-08-72-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-372-8588 4-2372-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. New, in box. $140 332-9899 DINETTE SET 5pc $120 Brand new in box. Never used. 352-377-9846 4-23-72-6 **BEDS -ALL BRAND NEW** **Full $80 Queen $100 King $170** Orthopedic pillow-top sets. Brand name matching sets not used or refurbished. Still in plastic, direct from factory! 352-333-7516. 4-23-72-6 BEDQUEEN New orthopedic pillowtop mattress and boxspring set. Brand name, brand new, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $120 352-377-9846. 4-23-72-6 BedAll New King! 3pc Orthopedic pillowtop mattress set. Brand NEW, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $200 352-333-75164-23-72-6 BEDROOM SET$300 BRAND NEW Still in boxes! 6 pieces include: Headboard, 2 Nightstands, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-23-0872-6 FUTON -$60 Solid Oak Mission Style. With plush mattress $140. All brand HEW still in box. Can deliver. 352-333-7516 4-23-72-6 Pool Table -Gorgeous 8" All wood table. Leather pockets, Italian 1" slate, carved legs. Brand new still in crate. MUST SELL Retail $5500. Sell $950. Can deliver 352-377-9846 4-23-72-6 Hot Tub/Spa -$1295 Brand New Loaded! Waterfall, LED lights, cupholders, 110-v energy efficient with warranty. Free delivery, MUST SELL 352-372-8588 4-23-72-6 Bed-FULL size pillowtop mattress & box. New, in plastic, warr. Can del. $90 317-4031 Sofa $185 Brand new! Love seat $150 still in pkg. Can del 352-333-7516 4-23-72-6 Computers CASH PAID FOR LAPTOPS Working or not, Joel www.pcrecycle.biz 336-0075 4-23-72-7 C 0 IMPU T ER S 4-23-59-7 Computer Help Fast Gatorland Computers House/Dorm Fastresponse. No waiting/ unplugging/hassels. $30 Gator discount w/ID. Certified MCSE Technicians. 338-8041. www.GatorlandComputers.com 4-23-59-7 COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-23-08-32-7 NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE WE REPAIR ALL BRANDS Best Prices in Town SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W UNIV AVE (DOWNTOWN) 4-23-3-3-9 L ForSale PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-23-08-72-10 UF SURPLUS EQUIPMENT AUCTIONS are underway. bikes, computers, printers, vehicles and more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: hftp://www.surplus.ufl.edu/online/ 4-23-72-10 PERFECT GIFTS FOR MOM Mother's Day, Birthdays or Any Days. www.kt2candles.com 4-11-15-10 SLOTS Play the popular game in your spare time. Reconditioned slot machines. Tokens extra. $195. 378-2111 4-7-5-10 Salt Water Fish Tank 55 Gal Tank i/All Components. Tank, Stand, Hood, Light, Wet/Dry Filter, sand,' heater, pump. Retails for $1,500+ Awesome Deal! Local Pickup only. jfleece@ufl.edu $450 4-8-5-10 Motorcycles, Mopeds ** SCOOTERS ** RPM MOTORCYCLES INC SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-23-08-72-11 *****New Scooters 4 Less***** Motor Scooter Sales and Service! Great Scooters, Service & Prices! 118 NW 14th Ave, Ste D, 336-1271 www.NS4L.com 4-23-08-72-11 ***GatorMoto*** Our new state of the art facility will be completed this Spring, We have new scooters starting at $999. lyr Warranties. We also service ALL brands of scooters. Pickup Available. Low Labor Rates. Free estimates. 376-6275 GatorMoto.com 4-23-08-72-11 SCOOTER SERVICE New Scooters 4 Less has LOW service rates! Will service any make/model. Close to UFI Pick-ups avail $19.99 oil changes! 336-1271 4-23-72-11 SWAMP CYCLES CLOSE TO CAMPUS 534 SW 4th Ave. Scooters, E-bikes, Offroad, & Accessories!! Best Prices and Customer Service!! www.swampcycles.com 4-23-71-11 ***www.BuyMyScooter.com*** Buy A New Scooter, Buy A Used Scooter All on one site! Check the website or call 336-1271 for more infol 4-23-08-72-11 GATORMOTO is Gainesville's number 1 service facility. We repair ALL brands of scooters. Pickups available. Lowest labor rates around. Quickest turnaround time. Run by Gator Grads so we know how to treat our customers! 376-6275 4-23-08-72-11 3 New Electric Mopeds/Scooters Burgundy, Blue, & Black. $689/ea. Call 352-284-7174 Other models also available at www.relectricscooters.com 4-23-71-11 Julio Moreira Mobile Scooter Repair Pick up free with any repair. Road assistance. Open Monday thru Saturday from 8:30am to 6pm. 352-258-4183. Best prices around 423-29-11 -Used Scooters For Sale2000 Yamaha Razz(100 mpg)for $600,20022004 Hyosung's 45+mph(2-seater)asking $850 each.call Tony at(305)989-0824 (305)766-0821 4-8-5-11 FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CAR* ORunning or not!* NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS *Over 10 yr svc to UF students *Call Don @ 215-7987 4-23-72-12 CARS -CARS BuyOSellOTrade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-23-72-12 OVER 50 IMPORTS UNDER $10,000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.selectmotorcar.us 4-23-08-72-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! HONDAS, CHEVYS, TOYOTAS, ETC. For listings 800-366-9813 ext 4622 4-23-72-12 JUNK CARS HAULED AWAY! 000 FREE 0 FREE O FREE* FREE*** MUST HAVE TITLE! METRO GNV ONLY! CALL DON 215-7987 4-23-72-12 CARS FROM $29/MO! Hondas 0 Chevys 0 Jeeps and more! $0 Down, 36 Months @ 8.5% apr. For listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9765 4-23-72-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING?** POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK? On site available. Call Steve 352-226-1973 4-23-08-72-12 *FAST CASH PAID* For any car, truck, or SUV -Running or not. '94 and up. Call Segovia 352-284-8619 423-72-12 Sun City Auto Sales 0 2000 discount off finance price *No credit check. All vehicles "0" down 0 352-338-1999 4-23-08-58-12 0 Sun City Auto Sales Buy Here/Pay Here More than 300 vehicles in stock 030 days warranty any finance 0 352-338-1999 4-23-08-58-12 0 Sun City Auto Sales Free service until end of contract Any vehicle finance Oil change/tune up/brake job 0 352-338-1999 .4-23-08-58-12 Sunrise Auto Sales 02000 discount off finance price No credit check All vehicles inspected by mechanic 352-375-9090 4-23-57-12 Sunrise Auto Sales Buy here/Pay here 0 More than 300 vehicles in stock 0 30 days warranty any finance 352-375-9090 4-23-57-12 Sunrise Auto Sales Free service until end of contract Any vehicle finance Oil change/tune-up/brake job 0 352-375-9090 4-23-57-12 Sunrise Auto Sales 0 06 Honda Civic EX, 2Dr, 39k, Blk $11,999 0 04 Honda Civic, EX, 76k, $10,999 0 04 Honda Accord, LX, 58k, $11,999 352-275-9090 4-23-57-12 0 Sunrise Auto Sales 0 04 Honda Element, EX, $11,999 0 03 Honda Civic LX, 56k, $9999 0 02 Honda Odyssey, $9999 0 352-375-9090 4-23-57-12 0 Sunrise Ato Sales 0 02 Honda Accord, EX, $8999 0 02 Honda Accord, SE, $9999 0 01 Honda Accord, SE, $7999 0 00 Honda Accord, SE, $7999 4-23-57-12 New Car College Grad Financing Incentive. Graduating in 6 months? OK. Assoc Arts, or Bachelors? OK. Graduated in last two years? OK. Call today, offer expires 4/30. Call Bob Williams 352-215-9285 6-1928-12 1998 HONDAACCORD COUPE V-6 automatic, silver/black 22-32 mpg. 129k miles. Original Owner. $5500/offer 377-4251 4-11-8-12 Wanted THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY NEEDS VOLUNTEER DRIVERS Transport patients to/from treatments Must have valid driver's license, safe driving record & attend training session. Call 352-376-6866 ext 114 for more info. LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: Gold Diamonds Gems Class Rings ETC Top Cash $$$ or Trade OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY 373-9243. 4-2372-13 BEAN INSPIRATION! Take a blind lady to Mass on Sundays and for walks and shopping as needed. We'll have lots of fun! And you will make a new friend! Contact 219-6948. 4-11-08-72-13 UF GRAD PAYS MORE for gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds, guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell Call Jim 376-8090 or 222-8090 4-2372-13 Aquatic volunteer partner to have fun with me at the local Gainesville Koi Club. I am blind, & I am interested in raising two Koi fish to enter a show, in Gainesville by next fall, Please helpi, we may have fun, 352-219-6948. 411-08-35-13 STATIONARY BIKE WANTED Donation or cheap! Bucket seat if poss. Blind lady wants to exercise to keep healthy & can't play dodgeballl Please call 352-219-6948 411-08-10-13 M Help Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings "Copyrighied Maierial Syndicated Content AYilIble from Commerci8I News Providers" 

PAGE 23

THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 0 ALLIGATOR, 23 Help Wanted Help Wanted EHelpWaanted, HlleWanted elp Wanted 4the indpeden Fida alligator What's black and white and "read" all over??? The Independent Florida Alligator And you can be part of the sales team of the largest college newspaper in the country by applying to become an ADVERTISING INTERN (this is a non-paid position requiring 10-15 hours per week possibly leading to a paid sales position) If you are a UF or SFCC student available to work both spring AND summer and are eager to gain valuable sales experience, stop by the Alligator. 1105 W. University Avenue, to fill out an application and class schedule by March 28th. We will contact you for an interview opportunity to get your career jump started! EEO/AA 4-4-5-08-5-14 BARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-23-72-14 DELIVERY DRIVERS up to $12/hr. KITCHEN HELP $7.00-$7.25/hr. CALIFORNIA CHICKEN GRILL 378-2442 4-23-72-14 LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, perssonal references. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-23-72-14 0the indedenlord the idnd n Florid alligator alligator What's black and white and CLASSIA ED CLERK "read" all over??? The Independent Florida Alligator The Independent Florida Alligator Classified And you can be part of the sales team of Department is looking for a part time classithe largest college newspaper in the fied advertising clerk. Requirements are: country by applying to become an OMust be a currently registered student ADVERTISING REP at UF or SFCC to apply (including (this is a paid position attending summer classes) requiring 15-20 hours per week) *Must be available for immediate start If you are a UF or SFCC student available *Must be available for summer hours to work both spring AND summer and are (8am-5pm on Fridays a must for summer eager to gain valuable sales experience, semester) -other hours flexible Mon-Fri stop by the Alligator. 1105 W. University 8am -5pm Avenue, to fill out an application and OMust be very reliable class schedule by March 28th. We will conOMust be detail-oriented tact you for an interview opportunity to *Must be proficient with computers and get your career jump started! EEO/AA willing to learn new programs. 4-4-5-08-5-14 OMust be good at basic math and spelling PARADIGM PROPERTIES Leasing Specialist, PT Sales & customer service exp. EOE, DFWP 220 N. Main; 352-375-2152 x301 www.teamparadigm.com 4-23-72-14 CNA CLASS: $250! learn @ your own time & pace. All you need to be a CNA & pass the state exam is on VCR tape. I have a 95% PASS RATE! check it out: www.lapcnatraining.com or 800-566-4913 4-23-72-14 i I "Copyrighted Material Sniae Cn Syndicatded Conen I AvaIIable from CommercilI Ne Pri I sp / I = I ik2dhI**hdIj~ OExperience with customer service, cashiering and accounting a plus OPrefer Freshman or Sophomore willing to commit to at least one year. (You'll like it and want to stay :) Come by The Alligator office at 1105 West University Avenue between 8am and 5pm, Monday thru Friday. to fill out an application. No phone calls please. EOE. Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and computer science needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/employment 4-23-08-72-14 SECRET SHOPPERS Needed for evaluations of Local Stores, Restaurants and Theaters Flexible Hours, Training Provided Call 1-800-585-9024 ext 6254 4-23-08-72-14 GATOR DOMINOS Earn $12 -15/Hour DRIVERS, $6.79 -$7.40/Hour INSIDERS $8.00-$9.40/hr MANAGERS in training Apply online at www.gatordominos.com/jobs Or at any of the 6 locations. 4-23-08-72-14 Gator Domino's is growing again. We are looking for career oriented team members. Now hiring Assistant Managers and future GMs. $8.00-$9.40/hr for Managers in training. GMs $40k+. Send resumes to Freddie@gatordominos.com. Learn more at www.gatordominos.com 4-23-72-14 COMMERCIAL CALL CENTER Phone reps needed ASAP Political & Corp Campaigns. Up to $9/hr + bonus potential. 352/371-5888 X111' 4112 NW 22 Dr. 423-72-14 www.gatorsneedjobs.com Paid survey takers needed in Gainesville. 100% FREE to join. Click on surveys. 4-23-71-14 INSIDE SALES PEOPLE For a major telecom company. Flexible hours. PT or FT No nights or weekends. Bilingual a plus. EEOC. 372-2051 4-23-72-14 EARN $60 THIS WEEK! M KS Donate Plasma & Save a Life $$$$$$$$$$$$ Best part-time job you'll ever have. NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St. 352-378-9204 4-23-08-72-14 PARK PLACE CAR WASH Now Hiring FT & PT positions available. Great environment. flexible hours. Apply in person 7404 NW4th Blvd-Across from Home Depot 4-23-08-72-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Scheds! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 Call Now! 4-23-65-14 **GATOR MOVING** P/T Ffr, flex hrs. Good pay, tips advancement. Apply 505 NW 53rd Ave B/T Maiin NW 13 St. Bring friend to work with. 4-23-08-72-14 If You're Not Earning $500 A Day Part Time, visit www.YouBenefitNow.com 8-15-07-5-14 Summer Jobs 0$2100 Co-ed camp Room and Board included Get Paid to Play! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs male and female summer camp counselors ages 18 and up. FEYC is an over-night camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL. The camp runs June 9 -July 26. Please contact Krys Ragland at 1-800-523-1673 Ext. 251 or 253 455-4267 4-23-71-14. $STUDENTS GET CASH ON THE SPOT$ For gently used cloth ing/accessories & furniture. No appt.necessaryl -Sandy's Savy Chic Resale Boutique 2906 NW 13th St. 3721226 4-23-08-69-14 Sales & Leasing Agents PT & FT openings. Need outgoing, customer-friendly attitude & strong sales/closing skills. Excellent bonuses & benefits packages. Fax/email resume, cover letter & avail schedule 352-376-6269 hr@trimarkproperties.com 4-23-59-14 LEASING AGENT, PT Friendly, energetic person. Experience preferred. 20 hrs/wk. Hourly & bonus.Great benefits. Must be avail. weekends.Apply in person, 13400 Progress Blvd. Alachua or Hunters Crossing Apts. DFWP 4-23-0865-14 Statewide Furniture Installers Needed. Hiring Today for FT&Summer Work. Starting $10-$12 On EXP. Hotel & Meal Comp.Fast Advancement, Benefits, Vac & 401K. Must Have valid FL DL. DFWP 352-373-7516. 6-3-72-14 G8RBAY.com Get Paid & Have Fun 0 Flexible Hrs & Competitive $ 0 Sales Experience Required 0 eBay exp. + 0 Resume to g8rbay@bellsouth.net 4-9-08-50-14 Earn $800-$3200 a month to drive brand new cars with ads placed on them. www.AdCarClub.com 4-23-59-14 ADVERTISING SALES REP Greed is good. We're a Gainesville-area newspaper looking for an advertising sales rep who loves to make money. This person needs to be able to impress a client and speak eloquently. We need an ad representative who can not only walk into a business and show off the paper and its Website but also write detailed, professional letters to clients. We need somebody who can attend Chamber of Commerce meetings and have no problems starting conversations with complete strangers. Your reward for having this sort of talent will be a great paycheck. We pay a base salary plus a very generous percentage of whatever you sell. You will not be disappointed. We don't care if you're just graduating from college or have decades of experience. We're looking for somebody who can dazzle us and our clients. Please write us a great cover letter and tell us why we should consider you. If we like what we see, we'll contact you and answer your questions. Send your cover letter, resume and any other supporting material to: Ad Rep Position P 0 Box 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604 423-58-14 400+ Counselor/Instructor Jobs! 3 Coed Summer Camps in PA. Travel Paid. Top Salary. Cool Nights & Warm Days! 1-800-488-4321, www.ohikan.com 4-2308-57-14 **DANCERS NEEDED** For adult entertainment company. Make $1000+/wk. Flex schedule. 378-3312 423-55-14 GRADUATING PRE-MEDS Clinical Assistant for full time patient care. Will train. Email MOAT & resume to: Dr. Levy afn22025@cos.net 4-23-47-14 Fun summer jobs! Earn Great Pay! City of Gainesville Parks/Rec Dept. is now hiring for seasonal recreation and aquatics positions! Apply Online today at wm.cityofgainesville.jobs AAIEO/DFW1Vets Prof Employer. 7-10-08-58-14 LOOKING FOR LEADERS AND SALES REPS. Must be self-motivated and hardworking PT or FT. 50% commission. 888-4640234 4-23-08-36-14 BENTO CAFE Now hiring experienced sushi and wok chefs. Flexible hours PT or FT. Apply in person at Newberry location next to Gator's Dockside and Moe's. 4-8-08-20-14 Local finance co. seeks a FT Accounting Asst to work approx 40 hrs/wk. Competitive wage + bonuses. Candidate must be motivated, mature, and long-term. Accounting exp pref. Fax resume to 1-877-327-3146 4-23-08-29-14 PT FILE CLERK/STOCKING CLERK for busy doctor's office. Afternoons 1-5pm Fax resume to 352-377-9577 2-21-5-14 PAID ADVERTISING SALES and MARKETING POSITION. REAL sales and marketing internship working for Plan It Florida, the free student planner at Gator Textbooks! GREAT RESUME BOOSTER! Call Phil at 610-696-8384 ext 101, phil@studentmediagroup.com wmw.studentmediagroup.com 4-16-08-2114 LANDSCAPER NEEDED FT FOR COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES VALID DRIVER'S LICENSE & CLEAN BACKGROUND A MUST. Experience preferred. Call 352-222-1904 4-15-08-20-14 ARNP/ PA to conduct adult physical exams, PRN, mornings variable. Fax resume to 352-333-3936. 4-8-08-15-14 Positions avail for PT counselors 11am-6pm mon-fri Afterschool program forages 10 & up. starting at $9/hr & up Also Summer Program counselor positions flex days & hrs. New hitech facility www.hangtimeforkids.com 4-9-08-15-14 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED The GatorTennis Camp is now hiring stafffor this summer. Only skilled, energetic and personable individuals should apply. Contact M. B. Chafin at 392-3538 or mbchaf@aol.com as soon as possible. GTC is held on the campus in June and July. We are currently in our 32nd season. 4-18-20-14 Part time receptionist/cashier. M-F, 5:30-8:00 PM and Saturday 8:00-6:00. Apply in person, Palm Chevrolet of Gainesville, 2600 N. Main St. (352) 376-7581 4-7-08-10-14 SANDY'S SAVVY CHIC RESALE BOUTIQUE NOW HIRING. Great working environment. PT/FT positions available. $7$7.50/hr + incentives. 352-372-1226 -2906 NW 13th St. 4-7-08-10-14 ADMIN ASST For CEO Must be professional. Typing 55 wpm. Strong attention to detail. Four year degree a plus. Able to multi-task. Strong written and verbal skills. FT. Some Sats. Medical reimbursement bonus and profit sharing. Please send resume to hr@gleim.com. www.gleim.com 4-7-08-10-14 Head rowing coach beginning summer 2008. $1000/month/9month rowing season. Details & application info. hftp://www.gainesvillearea rowing.com/coach.htm 4-4-08-8-14 SALES/MARKETING CONSULTANT FT. Work with studying products for accountants and pilots. Send resume to hr@gleim.com www.gleim.com 4-8-08-10-14 .,0, 

PAGE 24

24, ALLIGATOR E THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 HpWed J HeIpWate Will ServicesW Health Services I Event Notices Window Blind Installers Needed part time for independent contractor. Please call 352-339-4600 4-23-08-20-14 Phone Reps needed 7.00/hr+bonus. Flex.hours. Send Resumes to sales@primecaraudio.com. 352-870-4536 leave message 4-9-08-10-14 House Cleaning Job All around Cleaning & Laundry F/T -MtSF 1Oam-5pm $6.75 hr Call 256-3323 for more info and interview. 4-23-08-20-14 MARTIALARTS INSTRUCTOR WANTED For fastest-growing martial arts school in Gainesville. Friendly, energetic person. Experience preferred but not necessary. Wll train. Call 352-375-0700. 4-10-08-10-14 GUTHRIES IS LOOKING FOR FRESH FACESI We are looking for cashiers, cooks, and a manager in training. We are also looking for models for our new Gut Girls Calendar! All applicants please apply in person 1520 SW 13th St. 4-3-5-14 The Salvation Army is looking for a spiritfilled Youth Minister with Biblical preaching and teaching experience. For additional information please call: (352) 376-1743 44-08-5-14 Caregiver needed for 25 yr old disabled girl. Must have your own personal low profile vehicle (i.e. no SUVs). Must be a UF student. Position available immediately and must be able to work through the summer semester with time off allowed for the semester break. Hrs: M-F 5:30pm-8pm. $10 per hr. Luxuriuos work conditions. Call Jerry at 377-1306 44-5-14 FT receptionist for research clinic. Answer phone, triage patients, and have experience with MS Office. Experience with Med Manager is a plus. Must be well organized. Fax resume to 331-5761. 4-4-08-5-14 Advanced Web Designer with people skills. Possible long term and mgmnt/shareholder position. Music industry knowledge preferred. Pay hourly or salary. Mike 215-1026. 4-11-0e0-14 Part time work home and office. $9.00/h start. Weekends and weekdays. Mowing experience preferred tel. 352-591-3000. 423-08-17-14 Bookkeeper -A Student Housing Comm. near Univ of FL. Duties include A/R, A/P data entry & gen ofc admin. Prev exp with MRI or other property mgt software a plus. Comp salary/benefits. Qualified applicants must pass a backround/drug test. EOE. Apply online: www.studenthousing.com/company/ employment.asp 4-7-08-5-14 Perfect Summer Job Near Campus FT/PT 9-5 M-F Good $$$ Small financial office, must have computer skills, call 373-3000 or email resume to total_planning@hotmail.com 4-8-5-14 PIZZA MAKER for traditional hand tossed New Jersey style pizza,EXPERIENCE REGUIREDpart time bin, every Thurs & FriEW GNVplease call 745-0456. 4-1408-10-14 All positions open at HEAVENLY HAM. Hiring salad makers, food prep and delivery drivers. Morning shifts needed with flexible days. $7.50/hour. In person 3832 Newberry Road. 4-15-10-14 GAINESVILLE GOLF & COUNTRY CLUB Cart/Range position. FT/PT. $7-9/hr. 7300 SW 35th Way. DFWP. 4-8-5-14 Wanted Mother's Helper for babysitting and transporting children to activities. Experience preferred. $10-11/hr, 5-10 hr/wk. Provide resume/references to jrjmsw03@yahoo.com 4-4-08-3-14 Five Star Pizza looking for shift managers and delivery drivers must be able to work late nights and weekends great working environment apply in person at 39th ave location. 411-08-8-14 DOCTOR HELPER/SCRIBE -PT Req: medical terminology, nice handwriting, good spelling. $12-13/hr. Fax resume 352378-7009 4-15-10-14 MEDICAL ASSISTANT NEEDED for busy dermatology office. Full-time with benefits or part-time approximately 20 hours/week or greater. Experience desired but willing to train motivated, enthusiastic person. Ideal position for pre-medical, nursing or allied health student. One year commitment needed. Fax resume to 352-332-2966. 4-8-5-14 PART-TIME POSITIONS AVAILABLE! Busy office seeking outgoing and energetic workers. MUST be extremely organized and detail-oriented. Must be willing to commit to at least one year of employment. Evening and weekend hours. Please e-mail resume and availability to melissa.anderson@kapla n.com 4-5-08-3-14 Project Manager Internship 352 Media Group is seeking proactive & ,goal-oriented individuals for our summer prog. Email: jsasser@352media.com 4-808-5-14 Graphic Designers Wanted summer internship. Fireworks or Photoshop exp. desired. Artists wanted! Will teach web design. Email: jsasser@362media.com 48-08-5-14 Seeking Web Programmers for summer internship. Must have strong prog. background. Some exp. in web development a plus. Email: jsasser@352media.com 4-8-08-5-14 $10/hr -Office Asstl Customer Service Apply in person, 8-5 Jackson Stoneworks 1111 SE 22ndAve. GVL 4-15-10-14 Full time nanny needed M-F every other week; ASAP Noah's Ark Nanny e-mail resume, pix, schedule to gnv@nanoneone.com 4-15-08-10-14 Afternoon NANNY NEEDED ASAP I start at 12pm / 18hrs/wk M-F thru Summer / Fall; good $$$ Noah's Ark Nanny e-mail resume, pix, schedule to gnv@nanoneone.com 4-2308-16-14 GREAT SUMMER JOB & THE EXPERIENCE OF A LIFETIME! Trail's End Camp & Chestnut Lake Camp in PA are looking for male and female Specialist Couselors-baseball, lacrosse, gymnastics, golf, cheerleading, tennis, hockey, outdoor adventure, mountain biking, dance, waterfornt and web design. Male Bunk Couselors also available; June 17th-August 17thAPPLY ONLINE AT www.trailsendcampjobs.com AND BE CONSIDERED FOR A POSITION AT EITHER OF OUR TWO PREMIER SUMMER CAMPS!! Call Ryan Peters with questions-1800-408-1404 4-4-08-2-14 HCP Services LLC is now hiring RNs and LPNs. Great pay, great hours. Only serious applicants should apply. Requires Level II background screening. Call 352-284-2336 or fax 352-353-0437 4-9-08-5-14 services IMPORT AUTO REPAIR.BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-23-72-15 HYPNOTIST -Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Elminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079 4-23-72-15 EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The countryclub for horses & owners. Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath. 250' x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump paddock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 matted stalls, 19 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-5913175 everglade-equestrian.com 4-23-72-15 Want to be a CNA? Don't want to wait? Express Training Services can get you certified under 3 wks! Hands-on exp, no videos. Day/eve/wkend. Class sizes limited. 3381193 for details. expresstrainingservices.com 4-23-07-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-23-72-15 TLC HORSEBOARD All facilities & amenities, quality instruction; 15 minutes from UF. Jan at 376-7762. Greathouse Equestrian Ctr. 8-13-72-15 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Ask about the student special! 10 Free Boxes ($35 value!). FL Reg MI 19 One item or a houseful! Call Now! 352-374-4791, 800-797-6766 4-23-08-72-15 T-SHIRT SCREEN PRINTING Greeks-Sports-Clubs-Bands *Call or Stop by for a QUOTE* MONSTER PRESS 373-3355 424 W UNIV AVE (in Spin Cycle) 4-23-33-15 INJURED? Law Office of Robert Dixon Call 352-870-0917 4-23-72-15 DATA RECOVERY by DATATRIANGLE HARD DRIVE CRASH? General Repair Professional, CCE Certified, and Reliable $35/Hour, Only $30 minimum charge http://www.datatriangle.com 352-231-3300 5-13-33-15 PakMail:We ship anything, anywhere! We box, crate, or pallet for air,ground or ocean shipments. FedEx,UPS,ABF,Roadway,DHL. We ship international. Call for estimate. Ph: 352-368-9779. PakMail343@aol.com 414-08-16-15 MUSICAL STUDIES Guitar, Piano, Bass, Compose, Drums, Sax, Flute. ANY style. My home/yours. Have played/very best! Call 262-4642 for more info. 4-7-08-10-15 MATH & PHYSICS TUTOR First hour free. 10 years of experience. Bilingual. Call Francisco at 352-494-8582 4-16-15-15 HORSE BOARDING 12 x 12 stall in cement block barn, Good grass turnout with room to run! Only 3 stalls available. 352-472-2627 for info & directions. 4-23-08-21-15 RECORD A HITAT TAYLOR MADE MUSIC Recording Studio. Bands, singers, rappers. 3 hour Intro Rock Block $100. Free set-up. Pro Tools HD. Live rooms, good ears. Ask for .Glenn 374-9230 or 283-0630 4-9-08-10-15 UNDER SIEGE OF CLUTTER? Get help.-352-474-6151. www.pro-organizer.biz 4-23-20-15 GUITAR COACHING Are you ready to take your playing to the next level? I can help. FIRST SESSION FREE. Steve 352-363-0591 5-15-20-15 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $119! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199 4-23-72-16 ABORTION/ABORTION BY PILL (RU-486) Student Discount. Bread & Roses Women's Health Center www.breadroses.com 352-372-1664 4-23-72-16 RED EYE & DISCHARGE ? Research participants receive study related examination, investigational drug and payment. Call Dr. Levy NOW 331-4040 4-2372-16 First Care of Gainesville Urgent-Care / Walk-in Medical Clinic 4343 W. Newbery Rd, Ste #10, 373-2340 Students Welcome-No Appointment Needed Most Insurances Accepted. 4-23-72-16 r3pnais ANONYMOUS HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) FLASHBACKS Buys and sells modern casual clothing. 509 NW 10th Ave. 375-3752. We pay cash. Open 10-6. We buy till 5. 4-23-72-18 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F 373-7070 4-23-72-18 SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480 4-23-72-18 Free Practice Ball with any purchase of $10 & more. EZ Tennis. Will gladly beat any lower price in the world. Tell your friends. Call 372-2257 4-8-15-18 Free Nylon String. Just pay labor. Lowest & fastest stringer in town. Check EZ Tennis for prices-selection -service. Mention this ad & get free grip. 372-2257 4-8-15-18 Tennis -Squiash -Badminton -Racquetball -Table-Tennis Rackets. Lowest prices in the world. Yes, EZ Tennis will match ebay. Check us out. 372-2257 4-8-15-18 Free Overgrip with any stringing. Lots of selection -color -lowest prices. Tell & bing your girlfriends & boyfriends. Express stringing available at EZ Tennis 372-2257 4-8-15-18 Yes, EZ Tennis will gladly beat any lower price -yes including ebay. Bring their prices & get 10% off. Tell your friends. Tell us how to sell lower to U 372-2257. 4-8-15-18 Tennis Balls as low as $2 or any lower price U-find. Nylon strings free, Grip Free &-Y-Y-Y No more excuses. EZ Tennis want U to play tennis -period. 372-2257 4-8-15-18 onnictions Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love ealthServicesent Notices All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-23-72-16 OSOCHOOSE LIFE!IOSO Adoption -confidential & compassionate adoption advice. Expenses paid if needed. www.AmericankidzAdoption.com FL Lic #1107-41 Toll Free 866-303-1573 4-2371-16 IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! Fitness Bootcamp 4 week camp limited availability For more information call (352) 262-0595 2-21-30-20 Flag Football Tournament 7 on 7 Sat, April 12 @ Citizens Park $40 registration fee $1000 forest place team 619-254-2950 or tstearns@bellsouth.net 4-4-5-20 Operation Catnip Yard Sale & Raffle to benefit Abandoned Cats! LOTS of great items! Saturday, April 5th 8am-2pm UF vet school SW 16th Ave 4-7-3-20 377t77n'% WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET EVery Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255 4-23-72-21 SHOTGUN SHOOTING SPORTS Open To Public Wed-Fri-Sat-Sun 1 PM to Dusk -Skeet-Trap-5 Stand BunkerGun RentalShells352-372-1044 gatorskeetandtrap.com 4-23-72-21 Rocky Creek Paintball In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better Call 371-2092 8-13-08-79-21 GMG TRANSPORT Cheapest fixed price in town to So. FL. Buy tickets on line, over the phone, in person. $35 One Way -$45 Rount Trip. Regular and Reverse Trips -One Price www.gmgtrans.com 352-215-8196 4-23-72-23 JAX & ORLANDO INT'L AIRPORTS and Beaches -4 daily trips. $40-$45 ONE WAY or $65-$75 RT RUNWAYS. Travel Better. www.rnwy.com 800-578-6929 4-23-0872-23 SIGNATURE SHUTTLE WEEKLY MIAMI BUS SERVICE UF -ORL, FT.P, FT.L, WPB, POMP, MIA PH 219-8778. ORDER ONLINE AT GOSIGNATURESHUTTLE.COM 4-23-6923 6173 lPets Furry, feathery, scaly.no, not your roommate. pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. -TARANTULA Mexican Red Knee $60 (very colorful), Chilean Rose Haired $20 (very hairy) that need to find a new home. Spiders make cool and low maintenance pets so contact Jenny at siay33@gmail.com 4-3-1-24 Lost & Fournd Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone who's lost whatlyou've found. Call 373-FIND. 

PAGE 25

S po r ts THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org Poor pitching ends with tough loss to UNF in 10 innings By EVAN DREXLER Alligator Staff Writer edrexler@alligator.org After an eight-run loss to Florida State on Tuesday, UF's pitchers were supposed to wake themselves up with an easy win over North Florida. Someone forgot to set the alarm. Awful pitching early and late gave the Gators' offense plenty of catching up to do, and the Ospreys always seemed to outscore them by one run in an 11-10 loss in 10 innings. UNF scored the winning run on a single from Chad Knight off UF reliever Kyle Mullaney, the sixth of seven pitchers on the night. UF coach Kevin O'Sullivan was not pleased with his pitching against UNF (16-12, 7-8 Atlantic Sun Conference), a team the Gators should beat handily on paper. "Pitching-wise, we were terrible," O'Sullivan said. "Every time we scored runs, we gave up runs. It appears the five games the Gators are playing each week are jermian Eaniuy / nuratu Matt den Dekker fouls off a pitch during UF's 11-10 loss to .North Florida on Wednesday in McKethan Stadium. Den Dekker hit a three-run home run and a triple. finally wearing down the pitching staff. "We've got nine healthy arms," O'Sullivan said. "We're asking position players who haven't pitched since high school to pitch. We don't have much. We just keep using the same guys over andover." UF allowed UNF's leadoff hitters to reach base in each of the first five innings, and the second batters reached safely in the first four. "You've got to get the leadoff hitter, and we didn't do a good job getting the second guy," O'Sullivan said. "When you don't get the first'two guys in the inning, you're asking for trouble." UF threw out every pitcher it could on Wednesday, starting usual designated hitter Dustin Bamberg, and then following him with Tony Davis and Josh Edmondson -all before three innings passed. The Gators' last chance to extend the game ended when Matt den Dekker flew out to center in the bottom of the 10th inning. The game was practically a marathon, running exactly four hours. "I like baseball," UNF coach Dusty Rhodes said. "I don't give a damn if it takes all night. .Where am I going to go? Party after the game? I'm too old for that." After trailing all night, No. 19 UF (20-8, 7-2 Southeastern Conference) finally took the lead with a three-run sixth inning. Two singles, a walk and a double plated two Gators, and then Cole Figueroa barely scored from third base on a wild pitch to give UF the go-ahead run. It was a risky move considering the ball only went to the edge of the clay to the UNF catcher's right, but Figueroa slid in just under his tag. "We don't have much. We just keep using the same guys over and over." Kevin O'Sullivan UF baseball coach "(Assistant coach Craig Bell) told me just to be real aggressive," Figueroa said. "If I thought I could make it, just go. At that point in the ballgame, you've just got to take a chance, and that's what I did." It is the first time this season that UF has lost three games in a row. "You've just got to forget it and keep playing hard," Figueroa said. Clint Franklin (3-2) got the loss for the Gators while Ty Pryor (3-3) earned the win for the Ospreys. Bamberg, who also retained his duties as the team's designated hitter, left after 1 1/3 innings and four earned runs on five hits. The Gators' biggest offensive burst came off the bat of center fielder Matt den Dekker, who hit a three-run homer in the second inning and also added an RBI-triple in the fourth. UF FOOTBALL Standout freshman hopes to fix Gators' kicking game By MIKE McCALL Alligator Staff Writer mmccalO@alligator.org Meet the Ton Tebow of kicking. A modest preacher's son who lifts weights with linebackers, Caleb Sturgis is cut from the same cloth as the quarterback, albeit with a different skill set. Instead of tossing touchdown passes, he booms 60-yard field goals. Raised as a Gators fan and home-schooled until he enrolled at St. Augustine High, the biggest rival to Tebow's Nease High, Sturgis has the quiet confidence and manic work ethic to match the Heisman Trophy winner. "He's like Tebow-light, I guess," said Dan Mowrey, Sturgis' kicking coach at SAHS. "As good as Tmmy is, nobody outworks the guy. Caleb is from the same mold. He's going to try harder than everybody else. He wants to be the best there is, not for notoriety or anything else, just that internal drive that he has." Sturgis enrolled at UF in January, and along with his mythicalright leg, he is poised to take over the Gators' kicking game. 'He's got a bomb' It's hard to pin down an exact number, but one thing is for sure -Sturgis can kick the ball a long way .He says his longest field goal since arriving in Gainesville is 57 yards, but Mowrey, d l id who kicked at a tat, claims Sturgis hit one from 71 yards off of a 1-inch block in high school. Another story is that Sturgis placed the ball at midfield during a St. Augustine High spring game, nailed a 60-yarder, then turned around and did the same thing in the other direction. "This sounds ridiculous, but he made it pretty easy," Mowrey said. UF coach Urban Meyer was skeptical of the stories at first but has come around after a few weeks of spring practice. "Oh my gosh, does he have a hose," Meyer said. "He's got a bomb. It sounds the way it's supposed to when it hits-his foot." That leg power -ranked best in the country for high schoolers by Rivals.com -should come in pretty handy for Meyer, whose kickers have attempted just one field goal from 50 or more yards in the last two seasons, with the longest make being a 43-yarder. Chris Hetland and Joey Ijjas, who handled SEE FOOT PAGtE 27 nMLB: Tampa Bay vs. Baltimore FSN, 7 p.m. IMen's NIT Championship: (2) Massachusetts vs. (1) Ohio State ESPN, 7 p.m. MLB Pittsburgh 2 Atlanta 10 UEFA Champions League Liverpool 1 Arsenal 1 iUF guard Nick Calathes broke Ronnie Williams' school record for points scored as a freshman by 5 during Tuesday's game against UMass. Williams had 546 points in the 1981-82 season. Wednesday's question: Should UF sophomore center Marreese Speights return for the 2008-09 season? Percent (Votes) Yes 89% (59) No 11% (7 66 TOTAL COVES Sturgis 

PAGE 26

26, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" Saturday, April 12, 5:30pm Under the stars at the Rembert Farm, Alachua, FL $125 per guest For tickets or sponsorshp information: 352-271-4662 -wA--w.VvaMeensbfe.org Don't rniss the fun at VIVA! 2008 -A Bayou Bash Benefiting Haven Hospice Leave your tuxedo at hone; the attire ra Bayou or Tropical casual All proceeds stay in the community and help support the many programs and services offered by Haven Hospice. o ,,5l92SW34th Street Shoppe of Wilistn by new Publix 352-271-1218 Jager.750 mL.S19.99 Belvedee. LTR-.$29.99 Effe'n 81 Deny. 750mL. 19.99 Sailor Jerry 1 75nL $21,99 9200 NW 39th Ave !A ~ ~ ~ I IT 4PM-1OPM April 4. 2008 :0 PPM Orange and Brew April 5, 2008 PM-ra PM Graham Area 10 E & AvMed Blue C Shield Greyst Harry' and G Lehm North Medic Merca ? Royal Restrooms -Sterling Capital iMrfT Management, LLC The Plant Shoppe Wachovia Foundation S'Ziegler Capial Markets Group Alta Systerms Burkhardt Sales & Service Charges Perry Construction -Conterni. ora Marragamerit Sons Lighting Cox Media Florida Food Servio ross and Blue Forest Meadows Funeral of Florida Homes and Cemeteries xne Communilies Mike and Sonja Gaelagher s Seafood Bar Genesis Group rille Groups Adverrising Heckard's Door Specialties Rlorida Regional at Center Barbara and Bob Hudson ntile Bank Life's Solutions EAP M & S Bank Markey's AV OWQ investment Management Co, Public Super Markets Charitiesa Inc. River Garden Hebrew Home Wolfson Health & Aging Center Salter, Feiber, Murphy Hutson & Menet. PA SantaFe Heah Care Scarborough Compan Insurance, inc, Sonny's Real P Bar-B-Que Ocala The independent Forda Argator The VWlage Three Architecture. inc. V&i Maintenance White Hawk Pictures, Inc. Keep Your'Day Job: Leave Fireworks to the Prof esslonalsl While firvworks can bie spectacular to wach, they c also be extremely dangerous in the hands of amateurs. Attend public fireworks displays put on by trained professional. Its the safer ay to sectr, v vks. "+". NFPA r R 0 A 

PAGE 27

THURSDAY, APRIL 3, 2008 U ALLIGATOR, 27 Entire I "Copyrighted MateriaI Syndicated Content Available from Commercia News Providers" Smooth motion and top talent persuade Sturgis' coach to stay P .9C,'g .0 FOOT, from page 25 the placekicking during that time, tallied nine misses on field goals from 39 yards or closer. "It hurt a little bit, but I also felt their pain," Sturgis said. "Hetland's balls would miss by a foot. It also gave me that incentive to go in there and change things around." At first glance, Sturgis' high school numbers aren't that impressive, either: 13 for 25 his senior year and 8 of 16 as a junior. But most of those misses were from 50 yards or longer. Sturgis had his worst statistical game against Matanzas High last season, going 0 for 3. "That sounds bad for field goals, but his misses were from 62, 60 and 65," Mowrey said. "They were all long enough, which is scary. By pure numbers it doesn't look good, but when you see the distances -he's a freak." Mowrey and Sturgis made a deal that he wasn't allowed to miss inside of 40 yards. He faltered once, on a. 38-yarder that spills out of Mowrey like a bad memory. Football "It was a bad hold, but it doesn't matter," Mowrey said. "The ball could be flat on the ground, but you can make it if you're as strong as he is. That's the whole mentality." The Big Easy Much of Sturgis' success comes from his fluid form. Mowrey compares his pupil's kicking motion to PGA golfer Ernie Els' swing, but it wasn't always so 40 Harrison Diamond / Alligator Staff UF incoming freshman kicker Caleb Sturgis kicks the ball during the Gators' spring practice Monday afternoon. ...I effortless. The first time he came to a football practice, before the 2005 season, St. Augustine's kicker had just quit and the Yellow Jackets were desperate for a replacement. Mowrey had just promised his wife that he would stop coaching to focus on his daughters and law firm, but then Sturgis showed up. "He took four or five funny little steps and kicked the ball off the ground from 40 yards, and it went really high and far," Mowrey said. "I remember specifically going home that day and saying, 'Babe, I'm locked in for three more years."' It didn't take long for Sturgis to earn a varsity locker or a starting role, but he still wasn't focused on the sport. Sturgis started as a soccer player, fol.lowing the legacy of older siblings Lydia, Luke and Nathan, all of whom advanced to the college level in the sport. Nathan is on the U.S. under-23 team that qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics, and he also plays for Real Salt Lake of the MLS. Sturgis tried out for the football team "just to get a ring," as he says. He missed practices throughout the season for soccer, even skipping a football game, but in the end, he got his state championship ring as the Yellow Jackets beat Sarasota Booker High in the 3-A finals. Sturgis made a 49-yard field goal and hit the ensuing kickoff through the uprights. "That's when I decided to start working on football," he said. "I didn't take it seriously until my junior year." Soon, the 5-foot-10, 182-pounder was climbing over locked fences to kick on the school field and outworking bigger players in the weight room. Head coach Joey Wiles estimated that his team won the field position battle 95 percent of the time with Sturgis kicking. On the first kickoff of his senior year, Sturgis booted the ball over the end zone and onto the second lane of the track surrounding the field, and it's those moments that drive Wiles to compare Sturgis to current NFL kicker Sebastian Janikowski. "If he continues to do the things that got him there, and I don't know why he wouldn't, I can't see how he wouldn't be kicking in the NFL one day," Wiles said. "He can be as good as. there has ever been." Before he can start thinking about the professional level, Sturgis has to eam the starting job at UF. He's locked in competition with Jonathan Phillips for the spot, but it's a safe bet that Sturgis will at least make an impact in the field position game this season along with high schoolleammate and kick returner Brandon James. "If he can knock the ball out of the end zone on kickoffs, that's worth two scholarships," Meyer said. Sturgis said he feels like he's one kick away from starting, but Mowrey puts it in different terms. "Let me think of how to say this without being pompous," he said. "I would put up most all of my savings to bet that he will be starting the first game." 

PAGE 28

28, ALLIGATOR M THURSDAY, APRIL 3,2008 L.aDInet Un(cer oecretarnes Cabinet Directors Assistant Cabinet Directors A __ 
