
PAGE 1

ththe independent florida Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc of Gainesville, Florida VOLUME 102 ISSUE 131 i9 We Inform. You Decide. GPD to target DUls tonight 0 THE DETAIL WILL GO FROM 7 P.M. TO 2 A.M. By KATIE EMMETS Alligator Writer kernmets@all igator org The Gainesville Police Department will look for drunken drivers at a DUI checkpoint tonight at 4000 S.W. 23rd Terrace. The Alachua County Sheriff's Office and the University of Florida Police Department will assist in the checkpoint, which will take place from 7 p.m. until 2 a.m. The last GPD DUI checkpoint in March, which was held at 3300 W. University Ave., yielded 11 arrests, six of them DUIs, GPD Sgt. Joe Raulerson said. Raulerson said GPD would like to stop every car that goes through the checkpoint, but if there is heavy traffic the officers might only pull over every fifth car. Some of the possible consequences of a DUI are fines up to $500, mandatory DUI school, jail, community service, vehicle impoundment and a driver's license suspension, he said. "We love for people to use RTS buses, Later Gator or taxis." Sgt. Joe Raulerson GPD Officer Raulerson said officers understand that people want to go out and have a good time, but he wants them to stay sober if driving. "We love for people to use RTS buses, Later Gator or taxis," he said. 10 e~c THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 UF engineering students upset after adviser resigns By KRISTEN HUFF Alligator Contributing Writer With fall registration in full swing this week, some students in the UF Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering are upset by the resignation of their only adviser following an investigation into two student privacy violations. On March 13, Steve Permann, the department's only undergraduate adviser, submitted a letter of resignation. Though the resignation is not effective until May 15, Permann's last day was March 6, which has left the department without an official adviser. Mark Law, the department chair, said in a forum held to address the concerns of students in the program on March 17 that the department probably would not hire a new adviser until fall. The responsibility of advising students before they can register-a requirement in the department-has fallen on Marcy Lee, a program assistant who has worked with Permann for the past UAdministratn year. Lee has diAdministraion rected students with questions she can't answer to professors. But many students just want the guidance of Permann, who advised in the department for 12 years and was familiar with faculty and courses. "I am worried about registration. I feel lost. I'm not going to go to my professors because I feel like they only know about that class," said Suzanne Delica, an electrical engineering junior and president of Women in Electrical and Computer Engineering. The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and Eta Kappa Nu, both student SEE ADVISER, PAGE 9 AROUND GAINESVILLE Local businesses respond to recent pistachio recall By EMILY FUGGETTA Alligator Writer efuggetta@alligator org Some people around the country might be up in arms over the latest salmonella scare, but it turns out some Gainesville residents aren't nuts about pistachios anyway. The Food and Drug Administration announced Monday that a California-based food-processing plant will recall up to 1 million pounds of roasted pistachios that Ward's Supermarket natural said. may be contaminated by salmofoods manager Russ Welker said Welker said he doesn't expect nella. Wards pulled all pistachio prodWards business to drop as a reLocal grocery stores are dealucts, packaged or fresh, Tuessult of the crisis. ing with the potential problem day. "It's a pretty minor part of the by removing pistachio products "We went through and pulled from the shelves. everything we could find," he SEE PISTACHIO, PAGE 9 Man arrested after beer stolen early Wed. A man was arrested early Wednesday morning after he was accused of stealing beer from a Kangaroo and carrying brass knuckles. While inside the Kangaroo on Southwest 34th Street, Garrett Kautz, 19, asked the store clerk if he would call the police if Kautz stole a beer from the beer case he was standing in front of, the Gainesville Police Department arrest report stated. According to the report, after the clerk walked away to call law enforcement, he saw Kautz leave the store with a large bulge in his front pocket. When a GPD officer found him, Kautz was walking away from the store and carrying a can of Steel Reserve. According to the report, the officer found two pocket knives and brass knuckles in his pockets. The store clerk told the officer that Kautz was trying to sell a pocketknife and the brass knuckles. Kautz was charged with an open container violation, petit theft and carrying a concealed weapon. -KATIE EMMETS TOday FORECAST 2 OPINIONS 6 the AVENUE 10 CLASSIFIEDS CROSSWORD SPORTS 15 16 21 Harrison Diamond / Alligator Staff Comedy For A Cause Comedian Marga Gomez performs a stand-up comedy routine in the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom on Wednesday night. UF Pride Student Union and the Hispanic Student Association hosted the event as part of the first day of Pride Awareness Month. See Story, Page 8. 0 UF freshman Michelle Moultrie (right) hit a home run against Auburn on Wednesday to help the Gators sweep the Tigers after missing one by about 5 feet over the weekend. See Story, Page 21. Thunder storms 80/66 visit www.alligator.org a e 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2,2009 News Today WHATS HAPPENING Town Hall Forum with UF President Bernie Machen Today, 6:30 p.m. Yulee Hall Global Room Hosted by the Inter-Residence Hall Association (IRHA). This is the last of three town hall forums. The format will mostly be question and answer, and will run for about an hour. Book Discussion: "Diary from the Dome" Today, 1 p.m. Smathers Library, Room IA Author Paul Harris, a tourist in New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina, recounts his experience in his new book "Diary from the Dome." The discussion will be followed by a book signing and light refreshments. Free and open to the public. International Fine Arts in Healing presents: Empty Bowls Today, from 6 to 8 p.m. Holy Trinity Episcopal Church 100 N.E. First St. Come join the group for a simple soup and bread dinner, and take home a handmade ceramic bowl. All profits will be donated to the Jubilee House, a local hunger-fighting organization. The Lower 13th St. "Good Time" Jazz Band will play. Glimpses of a Fragile Continent: Africa Through a Reporter's Eyes Today, 5:30 to 7 p.m. Smathers Library East Room IA FORECAST TODAY THUNDER STORMS 80/66 FRIDAY THUNDER STORMS 81/52 Lydia Polgreen, West Africa Bureau Chief for the New York Times, covers twodozen countries in western and central Africa from a base in Dakar, Senegal. Over the past four years she has covered some of Africa's deadliest and most complex conflicts, from the widening crisis in Darfur, Chad and Central African Republic to the continuing chaos in Congo. She has also chronicled the sometimes faltering progress of democracy on the continent, the role of resources in fomenting conflict and stories of fragile hope. People United for Medical Marijuana: Open Discussion Today, 8:30 to 9:30 p.m. Anderson Hall Come out to discuss and gather ideas for the cause. Sign the petition to amend the Florida Constitution for medical marijuana. You don't need to be a student, so invite your friends. ACCENT and IOC Present: Gender Equity in Islam -The Elevated Status of Women Today, 8 p.m. Doors open at 7:30 p.m. Touchdown Terrace, Ben Hill Griffin Stadium Muslim women are often perceived as having an infeCom ing H omeforthe Summer SATURDAY SUNNY 81/58 SUNDAY THUNDER STORMS 80/63 MONDAY THUNDER STORMS 76/48 rior role in Islam. Does Islam oppress women, or is it something else? Come learn more about the rights of women in Islam with keynote speaker and author, Dr. Jamillah Karim. UF Interfaith Forum Tuesday, 6 to 8 p.m. Reitz Union Ampitheater Learn about the core tenets of five of UF's largest religious organizations. Advisors of Campus Crusade, Gator FreeThought, Hindu Student Council, Islam on Campus and Jewish Student Union will share their religious beliefs. There will be an open mic Q&A for attendees who have questions about God. Got something going on? And want to post it in this space? Send an e-mail to kbjornsen@alligator.org with 'What's Happening' in the subject line. Be sure to include a oneto two-sentence synopsis of the event. The Alligator strives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. If you find an error, please call our newsroom at (352) 376-4458 or send an e-mail to editor@ alligator.org If you are going to be in South Florida for the summer, earn credits at FAU. Pick up credits that transfer back to U1 a the independent florida Not officials VOLUME 102 ISSUE 131 ISSN 0889-2423 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc, of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Nicole Safker, nsafker@alligator.org Managing Editor/ Print Kristin Bjornsen, kbjornsen@alligator.org Managing Editor/ New Media Rachel Roy, rroy@alligator.org University Editor Lauren Baker, lbaker@alligator.org Metro Editor Brittany Davis, bdavis@alligator.org Freelance Editors Emily Blake, eblake@alligator.org Christina McGinley, cmcginley@alligator. org Sports Editor Evan Drexler, edrexler@alligator.org Assistant Sports Editor Adam Berry, aberry@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor Kyle Maistri, kmaistri@alligator.org Opinions Editor Dan Seco, dseco@alligator.org Editorial Board Nicole Safker, Kristin Bjornsen, Dan Seco Photo Editor Harrison Diamond, hdiamond@alligator.org Sarah Hsu, shsu@alligator.org the Avenue Editor Lane Nieset, Inieset@alligator.org Copy Desk Chiefs Jack Benge, Brian Kelley, Katherine Siegel, Stephanie Slade Copy Editors Alex Chachkevitch, Cassandra Fellerman, Emily Fuggetta, Amelia Harnish, Joe Holzer, Amanda Milligan, Rachael Pino, Jessica Ronay, Jacquelyne Smith, Jennifer Smith, Sara Watson Staff Phil Kegler, Mike McCall, Brian Steele DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482, 800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Rose Sierra, rsierra@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Victoria Livingston, vlivingston@alligator.org Advertising Assistant Melissa Bell Sales Development Manager Daniel Webber Intern Coordinator Sarah Buckwald Display Advertising Clerks Sarah Buckwald, Kaela Hill Sales Representatives Amanda Freilich, Sara Ingebretsen, Shaun O'Connor, Madeline Ross, Lexie Stout, Kaia Tershowski, Ryan Winkler CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015(Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks Ashley Flattery, Wildivina Rosario MARKETING 352-376-4482, 800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4558 (Fax) Marketing Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckearnan@alligator.org Operations Assistant David Carlson BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Malloy Senior Bookkeeper Melissa Bell, mbell@alligator.org Accounting Clerks Jennifer Cavasino, Amanda Clifton ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Manager Judy Moore Administrative Assistant Lenora McGowan, Imcgowan@alligator.org President Emeritus C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org PRODUCTION/SYSTEMS Production Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator.org Editorial Production Supervisors Erica Bales, James Hibbs Advertising Production Staff Erica Bales, Aki Chang, Shannon Close, Doug Eastman, Brianna O'Sullivan Editorial Production Staff Vidhika Agrawal, Erica Ervin, Kevin Hart, Max Weissler The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc PO Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257 The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays TheAlligator is a member ofthe Newspaper Association ofAmerica, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W University Ave Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a m to 4 p m Monday through Friday, except for holidays Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore @ Copyright 2005 All rights reserved No portion of The Alligator may be reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc -\g uTH -UD 

PAGE 3

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 3 'A r;pw%. *UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA UNIVERSITY N T l it THE ESTATES SW 20th Ave SW 24th Ave z UNIVERSITY CLUB NEW AMENITIES INCLUDE: UPGRADED FITNESS CENTER & EQUIPMENT -UPGRADED CLUBHOUSE UPGRADED COMPUTER LAB NEW LEATHER FURNITURE PACKAGE WITH 42" FLAT PANEL 2 :::: .. *D ; r ROYALVILLAGE I r 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 LOCAL Few computers affected by Conflicker worm threat By HUNTER SIZEMORE Alligator Writer jhsizemore@a IIigator org Like the Y2K bug, the projected havoc the Conflicker computer worm threatened to wreak on April 1 seems to have been bloated, but the threat remains. Conflicker infects computers and creates its own network, which could allow cybercriminals to take control of users' computers to send spam or attack particular Web sites. Estimates put the number of infected computers at several million. Experts had feared that a reference to April 1 in the worm's code indicated that it would go live worldwide on that date, causing unknown damage. As for now, the worm changes security settings on infected computers and blocks access to anti-virus Web sites. Kathy Bergsma, UF's information technology security manager, believes that the threat to UF is minimal. "We've had way less than 50 infected ma"We've had way less than 50 infected machines on campus." Kathy Bergsma UF IT security manager chines on campus," she said, indicating the number could be as low as 20. UF has monitored the worm since it appeared in October 2008 and has been in contact with other universities on how to cope with developments, such as new strains of the worm. Although the ports, or entry points, that the worm would use to enter UF's network have been blocked, it could still spread into the network through an infected laptop or USB device, Bergsma said. Ed Wedge, manager of the computer repair company Gatorland Computers, said that he had extra staff on hand Wednesday in case the worm turned violent. "We're gearing up for whatever comes down the road," he said Wednesday afternoon. Man solicits student An Ocala man was issued a notice to appear before a judge for a misdemeanor possession of marijuana after reportedly trying get a 19-year-old UF student to engage in oral sex. Joseph J. Wilkins, 40, pulled his car onto Union Road, next to Tigert Hall, from Northwest 13th Street and began following the student, who was walking, Saturday around 5 a.m., according to a University Police Department report. A UPD officer parked in the Tigert Hall parking lot and approached the student, who appeared upset, and asked if everything was OK. The student told the officer that the man in the car kept asking if he could "suck his dick," the report stated. The officer then pulled Wilkins' car over and asked him what was going on. Wilkins said he stopped to ask the student for directions, then, when pressed, admitted he asked the student for oral sex. The student did not file charges. During a search of Wilkins' car, an open Marlboro Lights pack with five marijuana roaches was found, according to the report. Wilkins told police he thought the roaches were left in the car by the previous owner. On He said a man outside Campus the Kangaroo gas station on the corner of Northwest 13th Street and University Avenue offered him oral sex for $50 earlier in the night. Wilkins said he thought the student was hanging out with the man, so he followed him to see what was going on, the report stated. Wilkins was also ticketed for no proof of insurance, driving without a license and driving an unregistered vehicle, the report stated. -THOMAS STEWART UPD: Shands flasher found 0 HE FACES UP TO A YEAR IN PRISON AND A $1,000 FINE. The University Police Department is filing a swom complaint against Gainesville resident Richard White, 41, for reportedly exposing his genitals to at least one woman outside the McKnight Brain Institute on Monday night. White has been suspended from his job as a supply technician at Shands at UF pending the results of the investigation, said Shands HealthCare spokesman Jeff Kelly. White is being charged with exposure of sexual organs, a first-degree misdemeanor punishable by up to one year in prison and a $1,000 fine. Though he was reportedly wearing light green scrubs with an ID badge during the incident, Kelly said White was not on duty at the time, adding that White's job involves no direct contact with patients. He approached a female Shands at UF employee outside the institute at about 10 p.m. and asked her for money. When she said she didn't have any, he pulled his pants down, according to UPD. White allegedly approached another woman as well before leaving in a small purple car with a spoiler. He was found about an hour and a half later by a GPD officer who stopped a vehicle on Archer Road matching the description. White was picked out of a photo lineup by both women, according to UPD. He has been interviewed by UPD and notified of the complaint. Spencer Mann, spokesman for the State Attorney's office, said the office hadn't received it as of Wednesday afternoon. -THOMAS STEWART "ACCENT University of Florida present: GENDER EQUITY IN ISLAM: The Elevated Status of Women Date: Thursday, April 2nd 2009 Time: 8:oopm (doors open at 7:30pm) Location: Touchdown Terrace @ Ben Hill Griffin Stadium -Gate 7 Keynote Speaker: Jamillah Karim Dr. Karim received her Ph.D. in Islamic Studies from Duke University and is currently the assistant professor of religious studies at Spelman College. She is the author of several published articles and the book "Muslim Women: Negotiating Race, Class, and Gender Within the Ummah," which explores relationships among Muslim women in the United States. www. I slain 0 nC a in pus.com Sb 

PAGE 5

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 5 ON CAMPUS Center holds Q-and-A session on media, presidency By CAROLYN TILLO Alligator Contributing Writer Two editors with about 65 years of combined journalism experience took the stage at Pugh Hall Wednesday night to describe the media's influence on President Barack Obama's campaign and the Internet's impact on print journalism. Bill Adair, Washington Bureau Chief of the St. Petersburg Times, and Al Eisele, editor at large of Washington D.C. congressional newspaper, The Hill, spoke to a crowd of about 100 people and answered questions from audience members and UF spokesman Steve Orlando. Adair said covering Obama's campaign was not different from covering any other election. The campaign was unusual because press operations included new techniques, such as Obama's use of Facebook to rally support, Adair said. Eisele compared Obama's use of YouTube to Franklin D. Roosevelt's fireside chats. "Obama is the first Internet president," he said. Eisele said the media's coverage of the campaign was mostly objective considering the unique nature of Obama's candidacy. He said people underestimate what an incredible thing it was to have a black president elected, and said Obama's election allowed the world to see the U.S. in a new light. Talk of new beginnings transitioned into a discussion of the end of newspaper journalism. Adair said journalists need to take advantage of the Web and use it as a research and presentation tool. "And, it is time for news organizations to reinvent themselves," Adair said. "If you're looking for a scapegoat, you better look somewhere else than the media," Al Eisele Editor at large, The Hill Adair, who also founded PolitiFact.com, a Web site that rates the truthfulness of political officials' claims on a scale ranging from "true" to "pants on fire." News organizations need to help people figure out what information outlets they can trust, he said. Eisele said as newspapers move to the Web, the media loses its watchdog function. The problem with the Web is that there is no gatekeeper, Eisele said. Both editors also defended the media's role in the financial crisis. "If you're looking for a scapegoat, you better look somewhere else than the media," Eisele said. Adair said the financial crisis was an example of the government's role as a watchdog. UF sophomore Zach Mayo said he was not impressed by the speakers' mentality that nothing was the press' fault. But he said he liked how the speakers said the newspaper industry needed to move forward in its use of the Internet. The two speakers also discussed the creation of citizenjournalists, who use the Internet to blog about newsy happenings. Adair said the media needs to trust users to help create its product. But this is hard for journalists who fear losing their jobs to citizens, he said. Adair also questioned the definition of blogger. "It's a meaningless word," he said. Although he does not discount the importance of bloggers, he said a new term should be created to separate journalist-bloggers from citizen-bloggers. Eisele said "blogger" was not the only word in need of revamping, and he considered the new meaning journalism will take on because of the impact of new technology. "To take that a little further, I think maybe we need a new word for journalism," Eisele said. Bea Diehl/ Alligator Bill Adair, editor of PolitiFact, and UF spokesman Steve Orlando look on as Al Eisele, editor of The Hill, answers questions about President Obama and the media in Pugh Hall on Wednesday. Adair and Eisele were part of a lecture titled The Administration & The Media. COLLEGE NIGHT WEDNESDAYS 9PM -CLOSE 3 -2 -1 COLLEGE NIGHT $3.00 PER GAME $2.00 SHOE RENTAL $1.00 THIRSTY GATOR DRAFTS FreeGreat Place To 0fI. e nal Watch The Game] Bowling Cne,1rnglsCi nl Located Past T J Maxx 1301 NW 76th Blvd HAPPY HoUR MON -FRI E 4-7pr 352-332-2695 $1 THIRSTY GATOR DRAFTS www.bowlsplitz.com $2.00 CALLS & DOMi BOTTLES $v U"4 as PIE-Fl FROM LAPTOP TO TABIEOP TRACK YOUR PIZZA OR SANDWICH AS IT'S PREPPED, BAKED, BOXED & DELIVERED. OPER ONLIHI Ga Web Phne HEALTH INSURANCE "Students need Health Insurance. Help protect yourself from the rising cost of medical services. You deserve quality health insurance coverage, and it is available for you. We at Chip Williams & Associates will help you acquire that insurance." Chip Williams WE FIND ANSWERS. CHIP WILLIAMS & ASSOCIATES A Contracted General Agency For: Independent Insurance Agents BlueCross BlueShield of Florida FAr Nubr,83-9 373-0775 FormNumbr: 1533-99SU3669 S.W. 2nd Avenue 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 Editorial Urine Trouble Costs of drug testing outweigh benefits Declaring America's current economic woe a time for "tough love," one West Virginia legislator wants to mandate drug testing for individuals receiving government assistance. State Rep. Craig Blair, shockingly a Republican, sponsored a bill that would require passing a drug test before a person could receive benefits such as welfare, unemployment and food stamps. Under his proposed guidelines, Blair offers first-time offenders 60 days to sober up but strips repeat transgressors of their government aid for two years. Has America suddenly channeled its inner Wal-Mart right before our very eyes? The Editorial Board can't help but think Blair is off his rocker when suggesting drug testing is a surefire way to get millions of Americans off of federal assistance. What makes Blair's argument completely useless is the fact that he fails to account for the outlandish costs involved with forcing countless individuals to piss in a cup. We can only imagine how much red tape would accrue if Blair's bill somehow managed to pass -leaving people who've never touched an illegal drug in their lives to wait even longer before receiving help. How about some compassion for the innumerable Americans left jobless for no other reason than their companies can't afford to pay them? Blair's ludicrous attempt to save the economy while ridding America of its drug problem seemingly serves to spread a rightwing agenda and oppress those hit hardest by the financial downturn. What more would you expect from an attention-starved state representative from West Virgina lacking any semblance of a college education? SNAPs for Barry hanks to a swift stroke of President Barack Obama's pen, Florida residents will see increased financial assistance in their monthly food stamp allotment starting this month. On Feb. 14, Obama signed the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 -legislation that boosts the amount of economic relief families receive by at least $20 per person. Under the program, the more than 1.8 million Floridians currently enrolled to receive aid will see their EBT card's balance surge by as much as $24. Additionally, the Food Stamp Program has been rebranded as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) to highlight the nutrition information available for families to learn more about how to shop for healthy food while on a budget. In the state of Florida, the portion of the population receiving government assistance for groceries jumped 31 percent from one year ago. The $34 million upgrade coming to SNAP is expected to generate $63 million in economic activity in Florida. The Editorial Board is pleased to see components of Obama's economic recovery plan coming to fruition so close to home. As prices for staples such as milk and bread continue to put a dent in Floridians' wallets, the increase in financial assistance under SNAP will certainly help many families make ends meet. What makes the program a resounding success is the fact the state will see a significant economic gain welcome news to countless struggling businesses. While SNAP should not be deemed a cure-all for the many Americans going to bed hungry at night, the program is certainly a step in the right direction for the country. 0 the independent florida alligator Nicole Safker Dan Seco EDITOR OPINIONS EDITOR Kristin Bjornsen Rachel Roy MANAGING EDITORS The Alligator encourages comments from readers Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about one etter-sized page) They mustbe typed, double-spaced and must includethe author's name, classification and phone number Names will be withheld if the writer shows just cause We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, styie and iibei Send letters to ietters@aiiigatororg, bring them to 1105 W University Aye or send them to P0 Box 14257, GainesviIle, FL 32604-2257Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial cartoons are also welcome Questions? Caii 376-4458 Opinions ALLIGATOR www.aIigator.org//opinions Do ~Thej rsaycrr 4al~o Column UF needs grade redistribution system hile I am happy to see that our country is moving in a more progressive direction, I am sad that I cannot say the same about the University of Florida. Our good president Barack "The Messiah" Obama is steering the nation toward a much fairer, redistributive taxation and social program system which will take from the greedy rich bastards to provide for those who have fallen on harder times. Every single rich person in America, after all, "earned" his or her fortune by denying opportunities to the poor. Unfortunately, UF still clings to an archaic grading system which gives preference to those who were born as intelligent and hard-working students at the expense of those who, by no fault of their own, were not born in such a privileged state. These students get locked into a "grade poverty trap" that destroys their motivation and self-esteem. They cannot hope to compete with the greedy A-students who hoard all the good grades among themselves. Accordingly, I propose that UF adopt a system of "grade redistribution" to make grades more equal across the board and give failing students a better opportunity to succeed. This will put the school more in line with the progressive politics of our generation. The system would be a simple. Every high-earning student would be given a progressive, bracket-based grade tax. For instance, all grades from a 2.0 to a 3.0 might be tax-exempt, grades from 3.0 to 3.5 might be taxed at a 50 percent rate, and grades from 3.5 to 4.0 might be taxed at a 90 percent rate, like the AIG bonuses. This means that the bright, diligent grade-grubbers who extort their way to a 4.0 would end up with only a much more reasonable 3.3, only a hair higher than the equally qualified students who manage a 3.5. Meanwhile, the grade revenues collected from these students could be used to fund grade welfare programs for the failing Johnathan Loft students. All students would be letters@alligator org guaranteed a minimum grade income of at least a 2.0. Any additional revenues could be given back in the form of grade-tax credits to the lowest-earning students. This would provide a much more equal system of grading that doesn't give substantial preference to those more capable of earning grades. Those who don't do well in school and don't work hard, study or comprehend the material don't fail through any fault of their own. They were born at a significant disadvantage from those who work and study hard, and they need to have the same opportunities to succeed in life as talented students. It is socially unjust for an elite few students to be earning a 4.0 when there are students struggling just to pass their classes. The school has an obligation to its grade-poorest students to provide for them in their times of need. The government does this for the impoverished, and it does it by taking from the rich. It is only right and just that UF should do the same thing. We can only hope that UF will end its evil, capitalist, "free-market" approach to grades and embrace the progressive, redistributive mindset of our new generation. Johnathan Lott is a political science and economics sophomore. His column appears on Thursdays. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: Would you pass a drug test? Wednesday's question: Would you marry an inanimate object? Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org 13% YES 87% NO 112 TOTAL VOTES 

PAGE 7

Letters to the Editor Marijuana users aren't addicts Legalizing marijuana is the equal of allowing a nation whose leader openly called for the destruction of an entire nation to have nuclear weapons? A bit of a stretch, but that is the claim of Gary Colon in Wednesday's Alligator. While it is terrible that Colon's father was forced to spend nine years incarcerated and unfortunate that his father began using other unspecified drugs, this is not the case for average users. Addiction is a problem for some, but why is it that Colon is not advocating for prohibitions on alcohol and tobacco sales? Each is heavily addictive and hazardous to one's health. Driving under the influence and secondhand smoke pose a risk to others as well. Not all marijuana users claim it is a panacea, simply that there is a huge disparity in how they are treated compared to users of other, legal, substances. Will legalizing it fix the economy, end the Mexican cartels' violence and stop the pain o everywhere? No. Bt kept as a Schedule I hol should be, as we Unfair treatment tion of a class of p thought-out laws s lowed. The inflame Colon's letter, while cult personal expert a rational argument as it is not a wonder necessarily a gateway Not everyone sta oin after that first p for the Doritos and the needle. 0 0 Marijuana should Gary Colon's a lacious I'm almost April Fools' Day jok marijuana is still bad doesn't cause as mal f cancer patients er drugs". The truth is nobody has t if marijuana is died from smoking pot, ever. If you substance, alcodon't believe me then please supply 11. me with the name of a person who and stigmatizahas died solely from cannabis use. people by poorly It is too bad that your father iould not be aldidn't have enough self-control and -tatory nature of ended up in prison because of his based on diffidrug abuse, but should we believe fences, is far from that just because some people are alMarijuana, just coholics, alcohol should be banned? drug, is neither Drugs are to be used responsibly y drug. and by adults only. rts shooting herThe reason your father eventuuff; most reach ally fell into other drugs is probhe Wiimote, not ably just because of the illegality of marijuana. When somebody wants Jan Sznurkowski to buy weed they have to resort to 1L "criminals" who are many times offering them other illegal and very U dangerous substances. Also, it looks like you didn't read be legalized the recent article about the arrest in rticle is so falEastside High School where officials positive it's an found 2.5 pounds of grass in three .You claim that students' backpacks. Right now, it is even though "it much easier for kids to buy marijuany deaths as othna than to purchase alcohol because drug dealers don't as tion. In times of econo should stop wasting cerating harmless start creating an indu make our economy g ish. U U Obama deserves a Here we are in months of having Ba president, and what been given? None. The same country in is now criticizing h I, for one, am sick of on the TV, I don't ca comment Obama m the Special Olympic Tim Shriver doesn't, It is our place to get Shriver? No. THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 7 k for identificaThen the next item of discussion is the "glare seen around the world" mic crisis, we probably literally because since he money incarmade it we never heard the end. potheads and And for what? So maybe we have stry that would a president who thinks before he row and flourspeaks. I mean we are becoming a society of people who don't allow Orlando Torres chances. Do we expect to come out 3LS of a recession like nothing? Sacrifices must be made and it will take time. All I'm saying is that we are doing what we dobest, which fair shake is set the people we once praised up the first three for failure. rack Obama as Can we give Obama a chance to respect has he survive in our world? We think we can judge someone by his actions and our opinions on them, and its that voted him not possible. Obama's actions are is every move. justified and supported by experts. it. When I turn My rant is a reaction to reading re about some "Palin 2012!" because I feel bad that ade regarding there are people out there with actus, and I know al Palin 2012 bumper stickers. Sore so why do we? losers if you ask me. upset for Tim Chris Moody Guest column SG should give Gators for a Sustainable Campus funding Almost everyone recognizes the importance of sustainability. Americans are beginning to prioritize environmental protection, create a renewable power economy and conserve energy. President Barack Obama's stimulus package, bills in the state legislature, and UF's sustainability programs have all made sustainability a priority to prevent energy waste and avert climate change. So why is Student Government undermining the green push by attempting to defund a key sustainability group? The many members of Gators for a Sustainable Campus have successfully pushed for a renewable energy fee, sponsored the recycling Green Team at home games, helped implement recycling programs at bars and apartment complexes and worked in the Gainesville community on local agriculture and in public schools. GSC has partnered with UF's Office of Sustainability for Earth Month in April and efforts to green transportation in Gainesville. For its efforts, it has earned grant money and last year's campus Outstanding New Organization award. Like hundreds of other student groups, GSC receives money from Student Government to carry out its work. This year, GSC requested about $6,000 -the same amount the group received last year and just a fraction of SG's $13.6 million budget. But in GSC's most recent hearing before the Student Senate Ben Cavataro Spea king Out Budget Committee, the committee made a preliminary vote to completely defund GSC. The reason? Student Government created its own sustainability agency, Gators Going Green, as an SG bureau. The agency's leaders would be appointed by SG officials instead of being chosen by grassroots advocates. Budget Committee members said that SG would not "double-fund" sustainability groups. But Gators Going Green is an agency that, so far, exists only on paper -and GSC is an established grassroots student group. It makes no sense to defund students already doing the work. Some day, Gators Going Green might be a valuable partner, but it should not replace GSC. Gators for a Sustainable Campus members -including outgoing and incoming executive boards -oppose the move to defund GSC, as does UF's Office of Sustainability. Even the director of SG's environmental affairs cabinet -the predecessor to Gators Going Green -thinks defunding GSC is a bad idea. The Budget Committee should reconsider its position, and the Student Senate should vote to fully fund GSC. The sustainability of our campus depends on it. Ben Cavataro is a Student Senator representing Hume Hall and is the Orange & Blue Party Leader. jump on the opportunity to see the world M. from a unique perspective If you are curious and adventurous, then pack your bags and say goodbye to the status quo. Study abroad to earn college credit, experience a different culture, learn a foreign language, discover who you are and much more. USAC, your gateway to the world."A Totally Mobile Massage $i5 Chair 51-Hour Massage -e> Massaoe Tracy lelcher MA#54956 352-215-6602 TAFletcher@hormail.coaV ,a Ace, April 4, 2009 Equal Access Clinic is a studenl-run free healthcare clinic established by the University of Florida College of Medicine in Gainesville, Florida. volunteers in collaboration th the Umversity of Florida faculty and staff provide carm for the underserved in the community. Location: North Florida Regional Hospital Please visit www.ufpremed.org/easc for the race application _lorida O UNIVERSITY STUDIES ABROAD CONSORTM T MA EgDonors UF InfertiIi ty C linic go n "ld is currently screening healthy, All --," d youngwomen SU .3DOpn,t between the ages Women's H alth of2 30 at Magnolia Parke o 21-30 3-265-.6200 3951 NW 4 8 Terrace Suite 101 Gainesville, FL DRAGON RISES College of Oriental Medicine Acupuncture. Have you ever thought about how it works? What it can treat? Visit our COLLEGE & low-cost Health Clinic! 1000 NE 16th Ave., Bldg F Gainesville, FL 32601 (352) 371-2833 www.dragonrises.edu 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2,2009 ON CAMPUS Cars stolen, damaged in campus garages Thursday 0 BOTH STOLEN CARS WERE RECOVERED LATER THAT DAY. By THOMAS STEWART Alligator Staff Writer tstewa rt@a l1igator org Two cars were stolen and at least two others were damaged on campus Thursday, according to University Police Department reports. Oldsmobile Cutlass owned by Roy Wilds, according to a UPD report. 60. Wilds told UPD he left the car in the Physical Plant Division parking lot off Radio Road when he went to work at 5:45 a.m. When he returned at 3:30 p.m., he said the car was gone. At about 10:20 that night, a Gainesville Police Department officer saw the car driving erratically on Northeast Waldo Road. The officer followed the car, which made a sharp left turn and eventually made its Botn or tne stolen cars were recovered way through a grassy field before crashing The first car reported stolen was a 1988 into a ditch, damaging the front of the car, The suspect, who fled on foot, is described as a black man with dreadlocks in his 20s. He wore dark pants and a black T-shirt at the time of the incident. The second car was reported stolen by William Adams, 18. Adams told police he left his 1985 Chevrolet Caprice Classic at Parking Garage 5, behind Hume Hall, on March 22. He said when he returned on Thursday the car was gone, according to a UPD report. There was broken glass where the car had been. On Friday at about 11 a.m., a UPD officer noticed the car at the PPD parking lot. There was damage to the passenger-side rear vent window, the report stated. An Olde English 800 beer can, a plastic cigar tip, a bag of Wonder Bread and a McDonald's cup, all of which did not belong to Adams, were found in the car. Also on Thursday, two Cadillac DeVilles, one a 1998 model and one a 1999 model, reportedly had windows broken. The incidents occurred at Parking Garage 5 and in the Elmore Hall parking lot off Radio Road, according to UPD reports. L .d deq%4 v .I r1 NXH w "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" Salesperson of the Month r March 200.9 14'an Winkler MAJOR: Business Management GRADUATION: Spring 2009 igratulatijons! the independent florida We Inform. You Decide. K1iiii Co 4' Comedy kicks off Pride Month By CHELSEA KEENAN Alligator Writer Despite rainy weather and change of plans, the ninth annual Pride Awareness Month began with laughter on Wednesday night. The month-long series of events is put on by UF's Pride Student Union, an organization that hopes to educate UF about issues concerning the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender students. The organization hopes to create awareness and celebrate the lives of the LGBT community, according to UF sociology senior Davier Rodriguez, director of Pride Awareness Month. A Wednesday morning kick-off carnival was canceled due to rain, but there are plans to reschedule it later on this month. But Marga Gomez, a lesbian comedian, still performed to about 75 people later on in the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom, entertaining the crowd with stories about her life. The Tranny Road Show, a transgender troupe that features breakdancing, rap, poetry and folk singers, will perform in Gainesville on April 10., according to the event's Web site at www.ufpam.org. Steve Hildebrand, Barack Obama's campaign director, will also be visiting campus to speak about LGBT leadership within politics. This year's theme, "Dare to," challenges students to go outside their comfort zones, Rodriguez said. The Pride Student Union will be offering events such as a poetry night and "Paint-YourOrgasm." They will also show films and hosting forums for students to learn more about the LGBT community. Rodriguez said this year's goal was to cater to UF students by co-sponsoring events with groups like cultural clubs, fraternities and sororities. Rodriguez said he is excited for what the month will bring and encouraged students to come out to this month's events. "Our community is one that is misunderstood and not accepted," he said. "Through direct exposure and active collaboration we can start to understand each other." AU1 1 441, 4"-44" -4--1 -1, 11f -~ 4 7 F~4 7~7iPtt~ 74i -ic~ A--t 2i2 -~II i~<It SWThTh1 -4~ti4~4'~ --k4 Think about it. You knock out a few classes over the summer in smaller, more attentive class environments. And put yourself ahead for the fall. Because remember, fall enrollment is at an all time high and classes are filling up quicker than ever. There's no guarantee you'll get into all the classes you need. VALENCIA'S SUMMER TERM. ENROLL NOW. VISIT Educationisln.comn Classes start MAY 117" Sex brings life into the world. It can also take it away. Protect yourself against AIDS. t _11_1L_ ---_. L.-_ --Akt .l! -:1 __ -. 2-ft =11-tt --I 1 11 bkhbH 7-A Tr_ F 

PAGE 9

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 9 Students threw good-bye party | ADVISER, from page 1 organizations, have set up peer advising in response to help undergraduates pick their summer and fall classes. Brian Sapp, an electrical engineering graduate student who has served as president of both organizations in the past, said peer advising is important because students need a resource to help choose "manageable schedules." Delica said that is what Permann was good at. "Steve kept it real. He told you who to take. Not to say he swayed my decision, but he gave me the foresight to make my decisions," she said. Students are especially frustrated because top-level administrators have remained tight-lipped on the circumstances surrounding Permann's sudden resignation. At the advising forum, Law repeatedly avoided questions about Permann. "I'm not allowed to discuss the details of Steve's situation, and that's really all I can say about it," Law said. However, the privacy report concerning the situation surrounding Permann's resignation was available under the Freedom of Information Act. On Aug. 21 and Sept. 3, Permann accessed student record information without authorization, according to the report. An investigation by the UF Privacy Office recommended the dismissal of Permann, according to the report. Permann did not return repeated emails from the Alligator and a working phone number could not be obtained. UF spokesman Steve Orlando would not comment on the situation, but said although advisers are able to access any student's records, they are only authorized to access records of students whom they are advising. "He was a great guy. He was responsible for 1,000 kids and he knew us." Clinton Rodgers Electrical engineering senior Support for Permann from students has been strong. An online petition titled "Stop the forced resignation of Steve Perman" had 326 signatures as of Wednesday night, including some from UF alumni. Clinton Rodgers, an electrical engineering senior, is organizing a good-bye party for Permann tonight to give student closure on the situation. "When I first heard the news I was like, 'Man I wish I could just hug him,"' Rodgers said. "He was a great guy. He was responsible for 1,000 kids and he knew us." Gainesville chains of Cold Stone Creamery, Ben & Jerry's don't carry pistachios PISTACHIOS, from page 1 grocery food chain," he said. There have been no complaints from customers so far, Russ said. Ward's will keep the products to help with possible tracing efforts. The Gainesville chains of popular ice cream stores Cold Stone Creamery and Ben & Jerry's are both pistachio-free, carrying neither pistachio ice cream nor pistaLocal chios as toppings. News Amira Dallal, 32, said she bought pistachios from a Gainesville Farmer's Market vendor once or twice in the past but usually buys almonds and won't be affected by the pistachio problem. "It's not a big deal," she said. "A nut is more or less a nut to me." Over 90% of UF Students do not smoke cigarettes Discounts on medication are available to registered UF students who enroll in the QUIT Program. Call the Student Health Care Center at 392-1161. Other Resources: Florida Quitline: 877-822-6669 Tobacco-Free@ufl.edu BecomeAnEx.org LO OF HEATH Funded by the Florida Dept. of Health and the University of Florida -Area Health Education Centers This paper has an impressive past. RECYCLE pithe independent r rorida CR E WSPA E printed on recycled newsprint allhfgatows YOUR NEWSPAPER. ABiotest Help: Save Lives. Preserve Lives. Enhance the Quality of Lives. t;4f-i-, Blood Plasma Donors Needed. Your plasma can be used to manufacture ife-saving therapies for the treatment of hemophilia, cancer, burn and trauma patients. Please help us help those coping with rare, chronic, genetic diseases. New donors can receive $20 today & $60 this week! Ask about owr Specialty Programs! Must have valid ID along with proof of SS# and local residency. Must be 18 years or older. Mon-Thu: 8:00 am-7:00 pm Fri: 8:00 am-5:00 pm Sat: 8:00 am-4:00 pm Wireless Internet Now Available! BIOTEST PLASMA CENTER 1112 N. Main St. Gainesville, FL 32601 352-378-9431 IN -1 __ Emmanuel Gamor / Alligator Jeff Schuhmacher, a member of Gainesville Fire Rescue, talks to a UF student about the cause of the fire alarm at Turlington Hall Wednesday morning. An overheated air conditioning compressor caused some people in Turlington Hall to smell smoke, said UF spokesman Steve Orlando. Fire engines responded to the situation. 

PAGE 10

Thursday April 2, 2009 She's an old, old soul. Sometimes I wonder if she's one of the 'Golden Girls' with a great face lift. Ryan Reynolds on Adventureland co-star Kristen Stewart 1 Columnist Erik Voss reminisces about getting college acceptance letters and the myths surrounding college life. Mae Basiratmand talks to the members of Texas band The Banner Year about their current tour and plans to conquer Gainesville. 14 The Avenue speaks with documentary filmmaker 140 Khashyar Darvich about his new film "Dalai Lama Renaissance." Also, Stephanie Dunn examines the latest trend in movies and television: the bromance. COMing up Be sure to check out the upcoming issues of the Avenue for an interview with Carmen Ruest, the director of creation for Cirque du Soleil's Saltimbanco, and a story on the death of the Polaroid. the AVENUE I J4 4 By ALISON SCHWARTZ There's more to cyberspace than Facebook, which means there are far less creepy ways to connect to millions of users around the globe. So go ahead -step outside of your virtual comfort zone. Human-to-human contact is so overrated. 1)Twitter: It's a stalker's best friend. Twitter allows you to update your friends on your current whereabouts, as often and mundane as you please. Narcissistic? Maybe, but it's the one place on the Internet you can actually give a play-by-play of your daily activities free from interruption. 2)Ning: Allowing you to customize your very own social networks, you'll find your digital niche in no time. I recommend you join "FLA Hustlers" or the "Network with Gators." 3)Stickam: Video chat has met its match. Stickam is capable of chatting with up to 12 people at once -you probably don't even have that many friends. 4)1 Like Totally Love it: Get the latest on this month's hot items and see what other consumers have to say before you dig into your pockets. It's like your own personal shopper, times a million. www.alligator.org/theavenue 

PAGE 11

Hippie revival more than just a musical ASHLEY ROSS AVENUE WRITER Grab your tie-dye, your peace signs and your anti-war slogans -it's time to let your hair down and let the sun shine. Florida Players, UF's student-run theater company, is putting on the epic American tribal love-rock musical, "Hair," this weekend at the Nadine McGuire Black Box Theatre. The show -a story about a tribe of young hippies living in Central Park in the late 1960s -originally debuted in 1967 during the Vietnam War sending bold messages of peace, love, sexuality and racism across the country. Director Jennifer Shorstein, a senior history major, said "Hair" is more relevant than ever today. "There's so much going on now that is too similar to the scent that was in the air politically and socially back then," she said. The show's relevance hasn't solely been noticed by UF, either, as the Florida Players' production is just one of the few that have popped up around the country. Aside from currently playing on Broadway as a revival, Florida State University and theater companies in Jacksonville and Milwaukee have recently refreshed the moving piece. Doug Sharf, a junior theater performance major, plays George Berger, the quintessential leader of the hippie tribe who drops out of high school and refuses to go to war. "It's more than a fluffy musical. It's not as sparkly as other shows because you see the scariness of war." 9 Kaitlin Lawrence UF sophomore Sharf said the show's relevance proves that "you can always stand up to what's going on," but more importantly, it instills love and hope that the world can change tomorrow, which is something America must have at a time of war. "Everyone needs a little more love in their life, and love is the underlying reason to do everything," he said. And with the recent 50th anniversary of the peace sign, hippie culture is more of a trend now than ever. So, with the combination of lively rock music and bohemian-chic costumes, it's extremely relatable for today's pop culture offering a fresh piece to the standard happy-go-lucky world of Broadway shows. "It's more than a fluffy musical," said Kaitlin Lawrence, a sophomore who plays Sheila, an NYU student who protests Vietnam. "It's not as sparkly as other shows because you see the scariness of war." And in true hippie culture, the show has no rules. There's interaction with the audience, many drug references, people jumping around everywhere and even full nudity. Show times are Friday at 8 p.m., Saturday at 2 p.m. and 8 p.m. and Sunday at 2 p.m. and 7 p.m. The performances are free and open to the public. Tickets can be reserved through the Florida Players'Web site at www.floridaplayers.org. THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 11 Texas band takes on Gainesville Photo courtesy of The Banner Year The Banner Year: Charlie Fisher (Guitar/Background Vocals), Michael Murray (Lead Guitar/Background Vocals), Jason Small (Lead Vocals), Josh Smith (Bass/Vocals), and Facundo LaRocca (Drums/Vocals) MAE BASIRATMAND + AVENUE CONTRIBUTING WRITER "Who's Tebow?" asked Michael is "punk enough to rock out, pop Murray, lead guitarist of the band The Banner Year. When he found out it was a UF quarterback, he jokingly replied, "I don't listen to football." Although the band members may not be the biggest football aficionados, one thing for sure is that they master the art of rock music. The five guys from Austin, Texas are amicable as they speak proudly of their five-year devotion to the band. The Banner Year, who got the idea for their name by having "a really bad year," is excited to come to Gainesville. Lead singer of the band, Jason Small, claimed that he always wanted to conquer this city. "Bands like Against Me! are from this part of the country. All their songs are about loving it there or wanting to leave. I'm definitely excited to see it." According to Small, their music enough to sing along and mainstream enough for all the hardcore kids to hate us." The band has played with bands from all different genres, including punk, metal and pop. They are big fans of the Foo Fighters and The fer Year age Lounge nesday, April 8 .S Offspring-who they aspire to be one day. The Banner Year has a strong fan base back in Texas and are always excited to see familiar faces when touring the rest of the country. "We have a lot of the same people come to our shows. Fans are our friends," Small said. They hope to reach anybody with their music because their songs are about universal messages. "We're not looking for a specific crowd," he said. "If people can relate to our songs, we relate to them." If they had it their way, the band would constantly be touring. "It's all about the attitude," Small said. "We show up on time, try to treat everyone with respect, take responsibility. We take things seriously. We don't make promises we can't keep. This is our job. We play to five like playing to 500." Every song is "performed." The band aims to put on a show, not merely sing to the audience. "If you want to hear the music, then you can just listen to the CD," bassist Josh Smith said. As long as the audience is having a good time, the band members said that they have a good time too. "You can't take yourself seriously, life is too short to be serious," Small said. They often insult each other, but only to get the crowd laughing. The only surprise is that fans wonder why they don't have such thick Texas accents. College acceptance letters bring back memories ERIK VOSS AVENUE WRITER Right now, high school seniors all over the country are hearing back from colleges and preparing to take that next big step into college. For nostalgia's sake, let's recall what was running through our minds as we read our own college acceptance letters: Well, this is it. College. The real deal. Everything will be so different. In college, I'll really have to work hard if I want to make the grades. No more skipping class or waiting until the last minute to study. I mean, I'll have to get serious if I want to go to medical school -a dream I've had since I was five and will probably never change my mind about. Forget that C-plus in honors chemistry. Maybe I'll sign up for one of those fun, multiracial College students are mature; they don't waste And that "freshman 15" myth won't apply to me. time with gossip, drama or Facebook. I guess I have to be realistic too. My sweetheart and I can't timewith _goss _p, _drama __r ___cebok stay together forever. It seems like just yesterday we held hands study groups studying under a tree like I saw in the brochure at church camp the summer after ninth grade. Now, we're goAnd to think how my social life will change. I won't hae ing to different schools. We'll probably make it work for the And or abutn myrdrob so meuchha'sngorure. In first two years by calling every night and hanging out on the to worry about my wardrobe so much, that's for sure. In co -weekends, but eventually I'll have to move on. lege, no one cares how you look, which is why everyone wears After all, my beautiful, baggage-free soul mate is waiting for College students are mature; they don't waste time with me in one of those wild keg parties they have on every street Cossege sra deno s ae m ehe ei corner. gossip, drama or Facebook. .Really, I just can't wait to be on my own. In college, no one I'm going to have so much sex! And it's going to be with a holds your hand -not my teachers, my friends or my parbunch of attractive, sophisticated people who won't judge me cents afterward. I'm going to impress them with how much I can Ugh, my parents. Thank God I'll never have to talk to them drink and how, unlike most freshmen, I don't get really annoyagain. -1 T d k1 n g wen m run 

PAGE 12

12, ALLIGATOR 0 THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 Afternoon Tea Time Merlion Top 100 Healthy Menus Restaurants in USA Award Winner! Join us and experience afternoon tea time! Special selection from British and Asian style teas. Variety of tea appetizers served with a pot of tea of your choice. Over 24 types of tea available. Seating available for parties for up to 50 people. Private rooms available. Tea time between noon and 5pm. Free wireless internet access. 3610 SW 13th St. 376-8998 www.merlionrestaurant.net American Gator Dawgs Check us out. We have over 20 styles of hot dogs to choose from. Chicago style, a frito hot dog, a Colombia hot dog, etc. and we come up with new ones all the time. Our burgers are prepared fresh daily and cooked to order. Our deli sandwiches come with over 1/4 lb of meat and your choice of toppings. New vegetarian cuisine: veggie dogs, veggie buns, and veggie chili. We serve beer, too. For delivery to see a full menu -check us out at Gatorfood.com. We are located at 1023 W. University Ave. 352-378-4353. Call ahead for pick up. Peach Valley Cafd We specialize in scratch cooking that's available for dine in or take out for all your breakfast and lunch needs. This sister restaurant to Stonewood Grill and Tavern has a breakfast menu that includes everything from eggs benedict, a wide selection of gourmet omelets, pancakes, french toast, muffins and more. Be sure to try our famous Buttermilk Drop Biscuits & Sausage Gravy, and our one of a kind Sack of Orchard Fresh Apple Fritters, made from Granny Smith apples, tossed in a blend of American cinnamon and sugar. We also offer breakfast on the go with our breakfast wrap, egg sandwich and seasonal fruit bowl. For lunch, enjoy one of our valley fresh salads, sandwiches, burgers or gourmet wraps. You can't go wrong with the Pine Grove Chicken sandwich, made with a fresh, char-grilled chicken breast, smoked bacon and melted cheese. Our burgers are hand packed and made from fresh choice sirloin, NY strip and filet mignon. Our popular Sequoia Burger is made with caramelized red onions, sauteed mushrooms, smoked bacon and melted provolone cheese. We also serve a variety of gourmet wraps, perfect for when you're on the go. Our line of beverages includes specialty coffees, beer and wine. Take out is available (Call ahead to order), as well as catering and party platters. Open 7 AM -8 PM every day. We're located at 3275 S.W. 34th St., next to Carrabbas and behind Hooters. 352-376-1834 THE SWAMP RESTAURANT The Swamp offers something for everyone; signature wings, fresh dishes and an atmosphereasure to please. Sit outside and enjoy cool misting systems on cozy outside decks or sit inside and see the best memorabilia in town. Swamp, daily offers lunch, dinner and drink specials and a happy hour from 4 to 8pm. Don't forget your curbside service and remember The Swamp always caters to you! www. swamprestaunrant.com 1642 W. Univ. Ave 37-SWAMP mm Asian Liquid Ginger Asian Grille & Teahouse 101 SE 2nd Pl. (behind Hippodrome Theatre Downtown) Offering Asian Fusion Cuisine in a relaxing atmosphere. Wed and Thurs night $4 martinis. Open for lunch: Mon-Fri 11:30-2:30 Sun 12-5 and dinner SunThurs 5-10pm Fri-Sat 5-10:30 pm. Call 371-2323 for a reservation. Barbeque David's BBQ Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, Eat-in, Take-out, Drive Thru, Catering or Tailgating. Everybody loves David's BBQ because, unlike ordinary BBQ places, David's cooks over a real wood fire! Eat where the locals eat! Voted #1 BBQ in Gainesville! Approved caterer for UF's Emerson Alumni Hall. Mon. thru Sat. 7am 'til 9pm. Sundays open at 8am. Drive Thru 'til 9:30pm seven days! 352-373-2002. Have David's BBQ delivered by Gatorfood.com. FREE WIFI 5121 NW 39th Ave. www. davidsBBQ.com Breakfast and Lunch Bagels Unlimited Serving Gainesville for over 25 years. BU is a tradition of sorts. We offer many breakfast platters cooked fresh, featuring omelettes, eggs any style, large pancakes, French Toast, Knishes, 17 varieties of bagels and a large assortment of spreads. Also available are tofu and tempeh. Over 100 bottles of hot sauces are available for sampling. 1222 West University Ave. Open everyday from 6:30am3pm. Chinese Golden Buddha Where eating wells means eating healthy. Gainesville's best Chinese food. Now with more sizes available with more vegetarian options. As always, generous portions, fast service & super lunch/ dinner combos. FREE DELIVERY. 613 NW 16th Ave. 3724282 or 380-9076. Full menu and specials a GoldenBuddhaSpecial.com Coffee Shop Maude's Classic Coffee A gourmet coffee shoppe with a wide array of desserts and treats made daily. We also serve delicious sandwiches, salads, appetizers, beer, & wine. Much of our menu is vegan or vegetarian friendly. Bring your own CLEAN 12 oz. cup and get a daily brew for a buck. Indoor and outdoor seating available. Free wireless and parking behind the building. Downtown Gainesville 336-9646. Cuban Omi's Kitchen Gainesville's Best in Cuban, Italian, and Mexican Cuisine. New menu items prepared daily! Come try our famous Cuban sandwiches and slow roasted pork. We cater 7 days a week! Visit us in the Tower Square 2 miles from Butler Plaza at 5729 SW 75th Street. 373-0301 Virtually Cuban Restaurant & Internet Cafe BREAKFAST-LUNCHDINNER-CATERING Located at 2409 SW 13th St just 1/4 mile from Shands Hospital. We specialize in authentic Cuban food. Breakfast specials are cooked to order and start at $3.99, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 0 ALLIGATOR, 13 UU Cuban Lunch special sandwiches start at $6.65 and entree specials at $7.40. Serving a variety of sandwiches pressed on fresh Cuban bread. Ropa Vieja, Chicken Fricase, Picadillo, Roast Pork, Bistec de Palomilla, Pork Chops, Shrimp Creole and Scampi are just a few of the entrees. Also available are empanadas, Cuban pastries, croquettes, flan, guava cheesecake and other Cuban delicacies. Open Monday-Friday 6:45am-9pm, Saturday 1lam-9pm, Sunday closed. For the latest menu and hours please visit our website virtuallycuban.com or call 336-4125 Fondue The Melting Pot Your Fondue experience. Attentive service, fine wines, the highest quality fresh ingredients, a variety of cooking styles, unique sauces, your favorite chocolate fondue. Dip into something different. Located at 418 E. University Ave. (352) 372-562 Frozen Treats TCBY Please visit one of our 3 locations to enjoy real frozen yogurt products. We offer the lowest calorie and low fat soft serve in Gainesville that tastes great and is good for you. Waffle Cone Wednesday from 5-8pm. Locations at 34th Street next to Crispers, Thornebrook Village at 43rd Street and Town of Tioga. Check us out on Facebook. Homemade George's at Phil Nick's Italian, Cuban, & AfricanAmerican foods. A variety of delicious homemade choices. Offering salads, sandwiches, meat entrees & desserts. Chef specialities include BBQ ribs, old-fashioned beef stew, BBQ Cuban pork, fresh vegetable platter, and lasagna. This Downtown Institution is located at 37 N. Main St., offering a comfortable atmosphere for your breakfast: 6:30-11 a.m. & lunch: 11-3pm needs. Catering for your private party is available. Call 3768269 or Fax 367-4395 Italian Manuel's Vintage Room This family owned restaurant is perfectfor dinner any day of the week. Come in and check out one of the best wine lists in town. Ask questions and learn while you wait for the chef to put out nothing but goodness from the Kitchen using fresh, simple, and local ingredients. Try the Early Dinner Sunday, Tuesday-Thursday 5-7pm.$3 wines/$10 bottles.$10 Menu. Ask about our Monday Wine Dinners and private parties for lunch or dinner. 6 South Main St. (352)375-7372 Mario's Bistro Mario's Bistro in Thornebrook Village. Fine Wine, eclectic tapas, weekly lunch & dinner specials served in a cozy European atmosphere.352 3754420 or visit us www. mariosbistro.org Jamaican Caribbean Queen Offering jerk chicken, curry goat and oxtail. Opened Mon thru Thurs IIam-7:30pm, Fri and Sat llam-11:45pm. Located at 507 NW 5th Ave. 352-374-8111 Japanese Bento Cafe Check out Gainesville's most popular sushi joint. Enjoy our Bento boxes, boba tea, sashimi bowls, and noodle bowls in a hip, trendy atmosphere. Two great locations with outside eating. Open every day for carryout or dinein. Call our Newberry Rd. location at 377-8686 or our Archer Rd. location at 2245123. Japanese and Korean Momoyaki A rich selection of Japanese and Korean dishes, all prepareddwith a healthy, homemade touch. Our cool, calmeatmosphere andgreat prices are designed with your family in mind. Sushi, bento, bubble tea, smoothies, and more. Come check us out! momoyaki.com Next to Crispers at Archer and 34th. Key West Style Cabana Cove Caribbean Grille Open for Lunch & Dinner $6.99 Daily Lunch Specials World Famous Conch Fritters G'ville's Nicest Outdoor Dining Sunday Brunch 10am-2pm w/Complimentary Mimosas $4 Martini Menu Wednesdays $4 Mojito Menu Thursdays Full Service Catering $5 off next $25 purchase With This Ad 352-377-3278 www.cabanacove.net 2410 NW 43rd St. Gainesville, Fl. 32606 Located Behind Garden Gate Nursery Kosher Israeli SaBaBa Only a few short blocks from UF, you can experience a fusion of fresh Israeli and Middle Eastern food & great homestyle cooking! Our grocery features unique products from Israel & more. With our kosher menu, Kosher Israeli vegan/veggie options, & late hours, you're sure to hit the spot whether it's lunch, dinner, or snack time. Don't forget to ask about our specials & catering! Free Wifi! Open for Passover with a kosher for Passover menu. 352-376-7600 409 SW 8th St Check out our menu @a menuwall.com La-tin Mi Apa Latin Cafe North Central Florida Best in Cuban. Open daily from 7am to 10pm, and Fridays and Saturdays until 3am. Come & enjoy authentic Cuban food, and our delicious daily specials. We are located 114 SW 34th Street, just across from UF Golf Course. Your Family Favorite Restaurant! Latin Chinese Green Plantains $5 To-Go Dinners. Mon-Sat from 4pm. Try out Monfongo, chofan & grill mojito chicken. Don't miss out $4.95 dinner & soda on Thursday, student night from 4pm-lopm. Show Gator ID. Visit us at 5150 SW 34th Street at the new Publix Shopping Center 7 days a week. We cater. 352-378-1930. www.greenplantains .com Latin Fusion Emiliano's Cafe Come taste our Latin cuisine with original tapas and a wide selection of Mojitos and imported wines and beers. Perfect for social or business gatherings. The Sundowner daily happy hour from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. features 2-4-1 sangria and mimosas, $2 imported beers, 1/2 price wines by the bottleuand $1 off all tapas. Try our Sunday Brunch with endless mimosas from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. Free valet available. 7 SE 1st Ave. For reservations call 352-3757381 www.emilianoscafe.com La Fortuna Have a taste of South America at "La Fortuna Latin Restaurant." Located Latin Fusion at 125 N.W. 23rd Ave. Gainesville. (352) 371-9496. Chicken Fricasse, Beef Stew, Cuban Sandwiches, Picagollo, Lechon (roast pork), Churasco, Etc. Etc. Saturday Specials Ceviche, Tamales, Etc. Hours 10:30 to 4:00 PM. We do catering, too! From Monday to Saturday. Local w Organic Mildred's Big City Food Eat Gainesville's Best Food at Mildred's. We support LOCAL and SUSTAINABLE agriculture! Start Living Healthy! LOCAL. ORGANIC. GOOD. Fresh Dishes Made From Scratch! OPEN SUNDAYS! COVERED PATIO-JUST MINUTES FROM CAMPUS. 3445 W. University Ave. 371-1711 MildredsBigCityFood.com New Deal Cafe OPEN LATE! Gainesville's ONLY Local Beef Burgers! This 12oz. Goliath is Naturally Aged and Fresh Ground. MONSTROUS Desserts. HUGE Martinis. A Diamond in the Rough! Mon-Thurs. 11am-10pm Fri-Sat 11am-llpm 371-4418 Located Next Door to Mildred's Mediterranean TI AMO! Mediterranean restaurant & bar Where FOOD & LOVE Meet! Southern Living Magazine agrees, "[the chef] adds visual flair to every dish to make it as good-looking as it is flavorful." NEW Happy Hour Specials! Everyday 4pm-7pm There's something for everyone! Small and Large Plates for Tapas Style Dining. Amazing party space, affordable prices & terrific service. Visit www.tiamogainesville.com 12 SE 2nd Ave. 378-6307 Pizza Mellow Mushroom We're not sure what is more unique about the Mellow Mushroom--the prices themselves or the value that you get for such reasonable prices. You can eat there on a student budget, but the quality of ingredients and the love that go into every item is good enough to share with your mom. Or boyfriend. There are plenty of salads and you can build your own or enjoy locally produced tempeh, avocado, and teriyaki on the one hand, or a loaded pie like the mighty meaty or the 10-ingredient house special. You might say there's something there for every one of your four boyfriends. Just make sure everyone knows it's your restaurant before you take them. Lunch & Dinner 7 Days, Outside Seating, Unique Beers. Call for specific hours and delivery information. Vegetarian Book Lover's Cafe Vegetarian and Vegan cuisine. Natural, organic, fair trade, meals, sandwiches, soups, home-baked desserts. Brunch Weekends, Cupcake Mon., Greek Special Wed 6pm, Ethiopian Thurs 6pm. c.cards 10am-9pm. 505 NW 13th St. 384-0090 Vietnae se Saigon Legend Delicious traditional Vietnamese cuisine. Pho, BanhCuon, Banh Xeo at great prices. Next to Holiday Inn. Dine in or take out. Catering available. M-S 10:30am -9:30pm S 11:30am-9pm. 374-0934 1228 W Univ For more information on the Guide to Dining Out, contact Madeline Ross, Alligator Advertising, 376.4482 0 h, ind~elendet florida alligator 

PAGE 13

14, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 dlocumentary Iimmak~r JACK BENGE + AVENUE CONTRIBUTING WRITER "Dalai Lama Renaissance," the new movie from documentary filmmaker Khashyar Darvich, follows the journey of 40 of the world's top minds as they meet with the Dalai Lama to discuss problems facing the world. The project, known as the Synthesis Conference, was meant to group some of the most progressive thinkers in one location to brainstorm a way to change the world, with the Dalai Lama acting as spiritual adviser. But 40 top minds also means 40 large egos, creating controversies over face time with His Holiness and disagreements about conferences parameters. Though the conference seems doomed from the start, the wisdom of the Dalai Lama shines through the arguments and the bickering, providing a revelation that proves more personal than worldly. Director Khashyar Darvich discusses his experiences with the Dalai Lama and the Synthesis Conference and its impact on him and the other participants. What drew you to this project? I have always had respect for the Dalai Lama because he is one of the top advocates for peace in the world. I was actually asked to produce this film by the organizers of the meeting with the Dalai Lama because I had interviewed and filmed the Dalai Lama for two previous projects. I accepted the offer to make this film because it was an opportunity to spend several days with the Dalai Lama and be a part of an event that had the goal of impacting the world in a positive way. What proved to be the most difficult challenge for you while making this film? I think that the greatest challenge in making the film took place after I returned from India to the United States with 140 hours of footage that we had filmed. Because there is usually no script for most documentary films, the story has to arise during the editing process from the footage that was filmed. So, it took some time to find the story that we felt would most powerfully impact the audience. What was accomplished by the conference? Many of the people who were at the event went on to become very prominent and influential in the world. And nearly everyone credits the experience with the Dalai Lama that is captured in the film as a transformative event that impacted their life and their work from that time onwards. What was the impact on the individual participants? Most of the people there came away with the clear idea that the most effective way to create positive change in the world was to first change themselves. As we change ourselves, becoming happier, clear and compassionate, we impact those around us and that emanates outward. What made you choose documentary ifimmaking? I first began as a writer writing poetry. And although poetry does reach and impact people, I wanted my time and effort to have a positive impact on as many people as possible. The medium of the documentary seems to suit me because the stories are honest and real, and I have a lot of freedom to craft a story that is authentic and one that inspires me. "Dalai Lama Renaissance" is playing at the Hippodrome through today. The movie will be coming out on DVD at the end of April. Bromance makes sense 0 STEPHANIE DUNN AVENUE CONTRIBUTING WRITER 'I I i rody Jenner stared at me fro the other side of my TV, spra tanned and wide-eyed. "Wha a bromance?" he asked incredulous As if I should innately grasp the h mosocial premise for his new seri Uh, you tell me -dude. Because for months, I haven't be able go to a movie without feeling t man-love. The social phenomenon bromances goes beyond the carefr but charmingly homophobic frien ships of a simpler time; it embo ies the type of drama and unbridl 0 admiration that borders on "Brol back." Where did this come fro and, more importantly, why are rel 0 tionships now defined through po manteaus? 0 George and Jerry foreshadow the "man-crush" back in the eat '90s. Then came Wayne and Gari Beavis and Butt-head. Joey and Cha dler. J.D. and Turk. By 2000, the allu of bromances expanded beyond I and into reality. We watched the lo between Damon and Affleck flourish the playful pranks of Pitt and Clo 0 ney and the shirtless escapades Armstrong and McConaughey. Even sports were given some soa opera-style drama with the adve of the bromance. Would Shaq ai Kobe ever get along? Does D-Wa 0 seriously spend the night at LeBror house when their teams play one a other? Were Romo and Witten rea slipping each other secret plays, Terrell Owens accused, or was T. just jealous of their tightness? Movies now glorify the somewh sweet, somewhat creepy trend. TI 0 weekend, when I saw the John Hai Gator Moving Gears Up' We dncsdix April 8 1 PM JOB FAIR for qualified, service minded people with a strong work ethic. Complete, professional training Great workers get great tips Learn the tier loading system -It's just like tetris (352) 374-4791 .but heavier! 3500 NE Waldo Rd. Bldg B 1 $0 OFF I purchase of mask, I fins, snorkel combo!' I I *lor studeiits rcelsteredinan OI~c Water I L ^tAqua Centr Aquatic Center Gainesville, FL 352-377-3483 www.aquaticcenter.com Scuba lessons Gear and apparel .Local trips .Repair and maintenance .Dive destmai.ns w Rental equipment Restrictions mnay apply. Offer expires 6/30/09. C $$ NEED EXTRA MONEY$$ FREE DENTAL SCREENING ADA 0140 (limited oral exam) &ADA 0272 (2 x-rays) OFFER VALID THROUGH JUNE 2010 GET PAID TO PARTICIPATE $200per procedure For patients w ho qualify & participate in the Florida Dental licensing examination. ADA DI10 & ADA D4341 Cleaning Prophy & RPRS 4 or more teeth ADA 2150 2 surface silver filling ADA 2331 2 surface white composite filling TO SCHEDULE AN IN BIG LOTS & WINN DIXIE N. MAIN ST. APPOINTMENT SHOPPING CTR. PLEASE CALL 2442 N. MAIN ST. FDLS, Inc. 23RD AVE. 381-8000 MUST BE 18 Y.O. & NOT PREGNANT TO PARTICIPATE. THE PATIENT AND ANY OTHER PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYMENT HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO PAY, CANCEL PAYMENT OR BE REIMBURSED FOR PAYMENT FOR ANY OTHER SERVICE, EXAMINATION OR TREATMENT THAT IS PERFORMED AS A RESULT OF AND WITHIN A 72 HOURS OF RESPONDING TO THE ADVERTISEMENT FOR THE FREE, DISCOUNTED FEE, OR FREE SERVICE, EXAMINATION, OR TREATMENT. GRADUATION 2009 r I r I ro The Alligator's Graduation 2009 section is the perfect place for advertisers to either thank students for their support during their years in Gainesville, or advertise for graduation gifts, products or services suitable for graduates. Run Date: Tuesday, April 14 Deadline: Wednesday, April 8 Contact your Sales Rep Today: 376-4482 allig ator r n A [ ~ h wth[S 1 ACi m burg-directed "I Love You, Man," I y_ couldn't help but feel like I'd already t's heard the man-crush jokes in every ly. other comedy of the past few years, 0_ beginning with "Wedding Crashers." ?S. But of the current crop of directors, Judd Apatow is the most broen lific of all, pairing Michael Cera and he Jonah Hill in "Superbad," Paul Rudd of and Seth Rogen in "Knocked Up" and ee Seth Rogen (again) and James Franco din "Pineapple Express." dTo be fair, the ladies celebrated ed their Traveling Pants and Ya-Ya Sise_ terhoods. They shared cosmos and m sexcapade stories on TV. Chick-flicks aabounded, and chick-lit poisoned rtbookstores nationwide. Yet no one knocked the female bond or accused the women of being lesbians. ey A bromance sounds ridiculous, h. but offers pragmatic solutions to our nquarter-life crises. We're graduating, re but most of us sure as hell aren't get7V ting married, and a lot of us aren't ve even getting jobs. Bromances are the h, perfect codependency tool, filling the 1_ emotional void a serious girlfriend of otherwise would have. Shacking up with your special p_ man-friend during the post-college, nt pre-marriage drifting period makes nd sense financially and saves guys from de quick-to-commit girlfriends. 's So here's to making nonsensical nnicknames for one another. Here's to -ly caring more about how you look in as front of your special man-friend than o. you do in front of your girlfriend. Here's to sleepovers, giggly gamat ing marathons and matching. well, is anything. m_Here's to you, bromosexuals. wi ti&a(venu TE SWAMP RESTAURANT TIgkt @ piK: Iadm, Smw 3 P Prize Giveaways! 2-4-1 Red Royals .Q0 $575 Pitchers of Miller Lite and Coors Light S1642 W. University Ave. | 352.377.9267 vwwW.swamprestaurant. COm 

PAGE 14

BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND Classifieds THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/classifieds For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent furnished furnished furnished furnished unfurnished $485 per bedroom-All inclusive! 3/3 TH!! Roommate match avail <1 mi from UF! Huge 24hr gym! free tanning,freeHBO/showtime *Oxford Manor*(352) 377-2777 these apts kick other apts in the teeth 4-22-72-1 I HOT 2/2 AND 3/3 RENT SPECIALS! BEST SPECIALS IN TOWN Fully Furnished and All Inclusive Free Roommate Matching 2 Bed/ 2Bath for ONLY $549 3 Bed/ 3 Bath for ONLY $459 Only $99 signing fees www.LexingtonCrossingUF.com 373-9009 4-22-72-1 NEED ROOMMATES? One Month Rent Free! Inclusive 3's-$535, 4's-$482; HUGE 2/2.5 Townhomes at $530/person. FREE UF Parking, Cable, Water! FREE Roommate Match, Tanning FREE Alarms, W/D, 24hr Gym Sparkling Pool, Tennis, BBall 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Great Bus Route! 2 Miles to UF 4-22-72-1 Deals You Can't Beat! W/D in unit LOW Rates! FREE Cable We love Pets! One Month FREE! Tanning! Call NOW! 372-8100 4-22-72-1 1, 2, 3, 4BR Apts. www.ApartmentsinGainesville.com 4-22-72-1 WANT $$$ JUST FOR LIVING HERE?!? 2/2 & 4/4 APTS STARTING AT $509! MOVE IN FOR ONLY $35!! GET $750 OFF YOUR LEASE TODAY!! CALL NOW: 352.271.3131 GainesvillePlace.com 4-22-72-1 The Crossing at Santa Fe $484 -$509 Gets you all this! Furnished, Free Ethernet, Free Cable & Utilities, W/D, Events, Roommate Matching! 379-9300 4-22-72-1 0 itR -l i, PICK YOUR SPECIAL IT'S THAT EASY! Pick-A-Pair:Wii, Xbox 360, iPOD touch, Cash, Cruise for 2 OR BRAND NEW SCOOTER RENT FROM $459 Groups of 3+ also receive 42" TV or New Furniture www.LexingtonCrossingUF.com SIGN NOW! 352-373-9009 4-22-72-1 We Have your roommates! We DON'T have fees. NOW PET FRIENDLY! Limited time only: $0 Deposit/$0 Fees, and ask how to get your lease FREE! $ign now and pay $0 fees. Nicely furnished 2/1 or 4/2 condos renting by the bedroom starting at only $439 all inclusive. Furniturecablepest control,refuse & W/D all included.GYM,PC LAB, POOL/SPA, AND MORE!! Hurry will not last at these rates. $ave $500!!! 352-377-6700 www.Ucommonscondos.com 4-22-72-1 $487 Roommate Match! Free $1100 Scooter! I Month Free! *CASH BACK! No Signing Fees! Luxury 2's & 3's! W/D Included. *All Inclusive 2/2's-$588/rm; 3/3's $487/rm FREE Roommate Match, Cable, Int. HUGE walk-in closets, porches. FREE Tanning, Gym, Comp. lab. 2 Miles from UF on bus route. HiddenLakeUF.com 374-3866 4-22-72-1 :2 Blocks To UF:: Room in 4br condo incl utils, internet, cable TV, pool. Very Nice $375. 283-8777 www.Gainesville-Rooms-4-Rent.com 4-2209-68-1 **LAMANCHA CONDOS** Walk to Campus 4Br/1.5Ba. Includes elect, cable tv, & high speed internet. $350/mo 352-278-9347, www.lamanchacondos.com 4-3-50-1 2-Story Townhouse for Fall Rent an entire 4BR or use Free Roommate Matching. ONLY 10 Steps to UF $479-$504/ month* All-Inclusive Rent Fully-furnished www.TheCourtyards.net 352-372-3557 4-22-60-1 3BR/3BA avail now in 4BR/4BA Countryside condo. $435/mo/room. Direct bus to UF 3 mi. Bball, pool, exercise room, nicely furn. 3rd FIr. W/D, wireless. Flo 352-357-9656, Sebastian 352-874-8905 4-22-09-59-1 2 BLOCKS TO UF--$349/MO Everything Incl + Fully Furn! Call Drew, 352-275-8555 4-22-34-1 2/2 FURNISHED Apt.: 1250 sq.ft., Patio, Tile dining room, Dishwasher, Microwave, Big Bedrooms. Close to campus and major bus routes.Nice, Big, Great Price!!! Move in as early as May 1. Multiple Lease Options Starting from $650/mo. For more info email Brad: bradleysharkey@gmai.com 4-6-15-1 Serious Student Wanted! Beautiful 3br/3b condo, Wash/Dryer, Gym, Pool, HotTub,Free Internet & Cable. Avail Summer/Fall $425/mo + utilities. Call 941-323-0778. 4-21-24-1 FIRST MONTH FREE! 3/3 fully furnished room for rent at The Estates. 569/month from April-July 31st. Utilities included. Call for more info. (561)389-7559 4-2-7-1 Arlington Square -2b/2baLuxury Townhouse Historical Downtown, Clean, Avail Immediate move-in, Call Sean 239410-1603 5-21-09-25-1 Summer SubleaseVilla Ravine apts. spacious 2br/1.5ba apt. sublet lbr/$412 plus utilities. available June/July/ if needed May and part of Aug. too. Small porch, pool, sauna, and sliding glass door in bedroom. Call 8134951241 for more info. 4-2-7-1 Individual BR w/ full bath & walk-in closet in 4BR Countryside. Util, DSL, cable, W/D, 52 inch TV, year lease from 8/09. $400/mo 352281-4588 4-8-09-10-1 Individual leases 2 bedrooms + bathroom in a 4/2 furnished condo, $450 month includes util, cable, internet, washer/dryer, pool, bus route 9 & 35, 1 mi to UF, (904)349-7980 sjchambers@comcast.net 4-3-09-5-1 2/2 CAMPUS LODGE APT: MAY-AUGUST $500 a month (negotiable)includes utilities high vaulted ceilings, painted, huge pool FREE tanning, cable & internet, 24 hr gym contact carly: csande22@ufl.edu 4-9-097-1 $955/molight/roomy, furnished 3BR-1.5B house 3mi from UF near NW 8 Ave on bus rte.#43, hardwood/tile, W/D, big fenced yard, 222-4020 5-12-0917-1 Large 3/2 house. Rural north Marion County. On private horse farm. Available 5/1 for 6 months or longer. References required. $1300/mo + utils. Call Kevin at 352-5918586 4-7-09-5-1 $390/mo top floor corner unit (4/4); Balcony with lake view. Fully furnished incl. posturepedic bed, washer/drier, cable, internet, kitchen appliances, utilities covered; trustworthy roommates. Available May 1st. Bus routes 9, 34, 36. Contact: (954)695-0683 4-7-4-1 Female only university club apts on 3 bus rts. Less than 2miles from uf, $340/month for summer lease can renew aug. price reduced from $540. Largest student layout in town w/ tile floors. All inclusive including w/d, all amenities. 1/1 in 4/4 904-248-0985 4-8-09-5-1 $385-4/4 University Terrace Condo; available immediately. Free internet, cable, and utilities! On bus routes 12 and 35. Minutes to UF campus and shopping on SW 34th St. Call 352-514-3398. 4-22-15-1 $385-4/4 Countryside Condo; available starting summer or fall. Free internet, cable, and utilities! On bus routes 9 and 35, very close to UF campus on SW 23rd St. Call 352-5143398. 4-22-15-1 For Rent F unfurnished QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS of GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1BR apt. $375/mo. *1BR cottage $435/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-22-08-72-2 UPSCALE 2/2 ACROSS FROM UF! From $599 per person $0 MOVE IN FEES Pet Friendly! W/D and Free Parking 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-08-72-2 *LYONS SPECIAL* $99 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-22-08-72-2 1, 2 & 3 BR -LEASING FOR NOW & AUG! 1 BR $614 2 BR $679 3 BR $889 HUGE floor plans! Pets Loved! Bus stop Pools Green courtyards Open 7 days/wk 335-7275 4-22-08-72-2 Terrific Two Bedrooms For Fall! W/D*huge walk-in closets*park free Downtown location -Close to UF Steps from everywhere you want to be! Sign now, don't miss out -the best location! No fees & get $350 cash back! 338-0002 4-22-72-2 Apartments off SW 20th Ave. Close to shopping, bus line and a few miles from UF. Price range $445 to $665. Includes water, sewer, garbage and pest control. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066 Mon-Fri. 4-22-0872-2 AFFORDABLE & QUIET MOVE IN TODAY OR AUGUST! 1 BR $525 2 BR $600 Quiet Pools Bus stop Walk/Bike to UF & Shands Pets Loved 372-7555 4-22-08-72-2 Deluxe, Large 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 lv message 4-22-08-72-2 Affordable, Spacious, Comfortable 2br: $740; 3br: $799 1 month free & avail. NOW Close to UF, Oaks Mall, Butler Plaza pinetreegardens.com*376-4002 4-22-72-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 second walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $595up. 352-538-2181. Lv msg 4-22-08-72-2 No deposit, No move-in fees!!! Huge 1/1's 2/2's 3/3's <1 mi from UF! Giant 24hr gym FREE tanning/FREE cable *Oxford Manor* (352) 377-2777 These apts kick other apts in the teeth 4-22-72-2 How To Place A Classified Ad: Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M-F, 8am -4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. In Person: By Mail: When Will Your Ad Run? Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any Cash, Check, MC, or Visa Use forms appearing weekly in The Ads placed by 4 pm will appear two publicacorrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE The Alligator Office Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, tion days later. Ads may run for any length FIRST DAYTHE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one 1105 W. University Ave. Visa or checks only. of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Changes called in after M-F, 8am -4pm By Phone: (352) 373-FIND but there can be no refunds or credits for Onlie: / Vsa o MaterardPaymnt y Vsa r MaterardONL. caceled ds.the first day will not be further compensated. OnIi ne: w/ Visa or Mastercard Payment by Visa or MasterCard ONLY. cancelled ads. Customer error or changes: Changes must be made BEFORE NOON for the next www.alligator.org/classified M-F, 8am -4pm day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for minor changes. By Email: classifieds@alligator.org By Fax: (352) 376-4556 1 For Rent: Furnished 6 Furnishings 11 Motorcycles, Mopeds 16 Health Services 21 Entertainment 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 7 Computers 12 Autos 17 Typing Services 22 Tickets 3 Sublease 8 Electronics 13 Wanted 18 Personals 23 Rides 4 Roommates 9 Bicycles 14 Help Wanted 19 Connections 24 Pets 5 Real Estate 10 For Sale 15 Services 20 Event Notices 25 Lost & Found All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national ongin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination We will not knowingly accept any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. -All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. -This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as "personal" or "connections" whether or not they actually appear under those classifications. We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out persona information. -Although this newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitabity, we cannot vendfy that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein. 

PAGE 15

16, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 For Rent fFor Rent For Rent For Rent f T i V IFTiFor Rent u unfurnished unfurnished unfurnished unfurnish ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 12-11-171-2 HOUSES ACROSS FROM UF 3 BLOCKS TO CAMPUS 2-5 BEDROOM AVAIL FALL AS LOW AS $450/person 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-08-72-2 Now you can easily submit your classified ad for print and/or web editions right thru our website! Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. THE LAURELS Come see our 1/1, 2/2 & 3/3 townhomes!! FREE Cable w/HBO and Showtime All Amenities plus FREE Tanning Gated*Alarms*Pet Friendly *Sign Today, Get 1 MONTH FREE* www.thelaurelsuf.com 352-335-4455 4-22-09-72-2 ATTENTION GRAD STUDENTS! Want a sweet deal? Receive 1 month free rent No move-in fees! Call today! 352-373-1111 www.spanishtrace.org *Proof of Graduate enrollment required! 4-22-09-72-2 Do you love where you live? Want to? YOU CAN! Cobblestone has EVERYTHING you're looking for in a place to call home. 2/2 just $1099 3/3 just $1299 Ask how to get one month free! YOU are our number one priority. and trust us, you'll know. 352-377-2801 4-22-72-2 ONE MILE TO UF Available for Immediate and Fall 1/1 -From $699 2/2 -From $805 3/2 -From $999 4/3 -From $1350 AMAZING Specials! (352) 376-2507 www.bivenscove.com 4-22-08-72-2 Going FAST! HUGE 1,2,3 Bed Pet Friendly LOW Rates! W/D in each unit! Waived Move-in Fees! FREE Cable One Month FREE! 372-8100 4-22-72-2 -W 'A -3 .I 6_rI Move in today & pay $0 Move in Fees 1/1 from $649; 2/2 from $699; 3/2 from $852 W/D Available (352) 377-7401 www.biketouf.com 4-22-09-72-2 ALL THE SPACE YOU NEED! At the price you want No Move-in Fees! Move in TODAY! 1, 1 w/den & 2 BRs -Reduced Rates! FREE UF parking FREE Gym Pets Welcome 352-332-7401 4-22-72-2 *@@PARKING@@@ Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-22-08-72-2 YOUR MOM. .wants you to live here! AMAZING DEALS! 1, 2, & 3 bdrms, W/D Gated, Pet friendly, Immediate Move-in Specials (352)372-0400 4-22-72-2 *P OLOS Three Pools! Three Bus Routes! Two Jacuzzis! Business Center! Billards Room! Fitness Center w/ Free weights! Sand Volleyball! Tennis Courts! Basketball Courts! Close to UF, Shands, 1-75, & Shopping! 1, 2 & 3 Bedrooms for NOW & Fall!!! GREAT SPECIALS!!! 1/1-$734 2/2-$425w/all util 3/3-$340w/all util 2330 SW Williston Rd. www.ThePolosUF.com 352-335-7656 4-22-72-2 Affordable, Quiet, Comfortable 's from $550 2's from $375/person Close to UF, Shands, Butler Plaza Pet Friendly 376-1248 www.hiddenvillageapt.com 4-22-08-72-2 AS BIG AS A HOUSE! Huge 4BR TH W/D inc. FREE UF Parking*FREE Gym Call for specials 332-7401 4-22-72-2 Custom 1 Beds NOW! LOW Rates! Wood floors! Waived Move-in Fees*Tanning! We Love Pets! W/D in unit! HUGE walk-in Closets! 372-8100 4-22-09-72-2 LOVE GOING OUT? Luxury 3/3TH Perfectly Located Downtown! 1 month free for fall & no move-in fees from $500/person! W/D*Free Parking*Pets Welcome Live where you play!! 338-0002 www.arlingtonsquare.org 4-22-72-2 MUSEUM WALK Gainesville's Best Kept Secret Leasing for Fall & NOW' Luxury 2/2 THs and 3/3 Flats FREE Cable, FREE Tanning, FREE Alarms Walk to UF *379-WALK 4-22-72-2 THREE BLOCKS TO UF! 2br/1 ba from $700 No Move-in Fees! Water included Wood floors avail! Pets loved! FREE Parking! 372-7111 4-22-08-72-2 LAKEWOOD VILLAS Large 1, 2 & 3 bdrm Floor Plans; Starting at $695 Furniture Packages Inc. Washer/Dryer; Workout Rm, Tennis Court; Swimming Pool; Sauna etc. Mon-Fri 9-6, Sat 10-3 700 SW 62nd Blvd 877-781-8314 www.lakewoodvilllas.com text (lakewood)@65586 4-22-08-72-2 0 SPYGLASS 0 Individual Leases: Furniture Packages Inc Washer/Dryer, FREE Hispeed Internet; Rates start at $485 Every Unit is an End Unit Mon-Fri 10-5:30, Sat 11-2 701 SW 62nd Blvd 888-267-5078 www.spyglassapts.com text (spyglass)@65586 4-22-08-72-2 ACROSS FROM UF!No Move-in Fees! Pets loved. Studios -$549, includes electric! Wood floors available. FREE parking. 372-7111 Collegemanor.org 4-22-08-72-2 HUGE Luxury 2's & 3's Luxury 3's from $397 a Room! Ask how to get a FREE $1100 Scooter. FREE Cable, Internet, Tanning, W/D. Luxury 2/2's from $490/rm; 3/3's $397/rm All Inclusive 2/2's-$588/rm; 3/3's $487/rm Sparkling Pool with Water Fall Only 2 Miles from UF on bus route. HiddenLakeUF.com 374-3866 4-22-08-72-2 2 BLOCKS TO UF! 2/1 and 2/2 FROM $380-$599 per person $0 MOVE IN FEES 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-08-72-2 Walk to Class! 1brs from $599 -150 ft from UF! $0 move-in fees! Move-in Today! FREE parking! Pets Welcome! 372-7111 CollegeManor.org 4-22-08-72-2 GREAT ODIN'S RAVEN: Our 4/4's are classy!! SIGN TODAY and get $720 off your lease! Rates starting at $509!! CALL: 352.271.3131 GainesvillePlace.com 4-22-72-2 Action Real Estate Services Houses to Condos 1-4 BR, Starting at $450 www.action-realtors.com 352-331-1133 4-22-08-72-2 *Fully Furnished*All Inclusive* Free Scooter for each roommate* *Brand New* GatehUpscale lbr-4br* *4 Bus Routes*W/D *24hr Fitness center* *Beach-Entry Pool*Free Tanning* Pet-Friendly* EnclaveUF.com*352.376.0696 4-22-08-72-2 2 bed luxury condos for rent. Granite tops, tall ceilings, private balcony, super quiet construction. $1600/mo. Call Eric Wild at 352-870-9453 4-22-72-2 *2-3BR/2BA APT IN HISTORIC HOUSE* 10 blocks to UF. Near downtown. High ceiling, wood floor, W/D, tons of character. 404 SW 2nd St. $700/mo 352-214-9270 4-2209-72-2 WALK TO UF -AVAILABLE NOW & FALL 1 BR/$495 to $550/mo 2BR & 3BR $560 to $1050/mo Gore Rabell Real Estate 378-1387 Gore-Rabell.com 4-22-08-72-2 SUN ISLAND 1BRs from $575 2BRs from $655 Sun Bay s Sun Key S Sun Harbor 352-376-6720 sunisland.info Lower deposit for grad students! 4-22-08-72-2 1s, 2s, 3, & 4s for Fall Prices from $305 -$629/bedroom Select units are townhomes & include w/d Pet friendly, Pool, Tennis/Bball Courts Close to UF, Oaks Mall, Butler Plaza Pinetreegardens.com*376-4002 4-22-08-72-2 100+ Apts: Walk to UF Roommate Matching 4BR $479/br 3BR $599/br 2BR $420/br 1 BR $689 Studio $625 Photos & Virtual Tours 352-376-6223 www.ForRentNEarUF.com 4-22-72-2 *1 Bdrm1BA w/ Loft* 4 Blocks to UF. Cent AC, No Tow Parking, Pet Friendly, $850/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-68-2 -r. e * e e e 6 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content'.9 Available from Commercial News Providers" I I I %= W (352) 372-3790 | 505 SW 2ND AVE www.Jefferson2ndAve.com I I 

PAGE 16

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 17 Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent For Rent unfurnished unfurnished l unfurnished unfurnished l unfurnished NO FEES and One Month Free! On Bivens Arm Nature Preserve Inclusive 2's, 3's, and 4's MASSIVE Townhomes! W/D and Jumbo Microwaves in Every Unit Free Water, Cable, Tanning, Alarms, Pool 336-3838 TheLandingsUF.com Great Bus Route! 2 Miles to UF 4-22-63-2 ~~~~LOFT---Huge 2-story 1BR/1BA Loft behind Swamp Walk to UF and Library West* 352-376-6223 www.Gainesville-Apartments.com 4-22-59-2 ACROSS FROM UF! Studios and 1 BR as low as $599 $0 MOVE IN FEES Open late and weekends 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-09-59-2 ** Across From UF ** $1150/mo Special! 2br/2ba Limited Time Offer for Fall Luxury Apts w/ Internet & Parking Ind. www.LookingGlassApartments.com 111 NW 16th St. -Call 376-1111 4-22-09-59-2 One month FREE! Zero move-in cost! 1 & 2 BR Villas from $485 Close to Oaks Mall and Archer Road. Pine Rush Villas 375-1519 4-22-09-59-2 One month FREE! Zero move-in cost! 2 BR with bonus room from $604 Two blocks south of Archer Rd. & 34th St Homestead Apts. 376-0828 4-22-09-59-2 One month FREE! Zero move-in cost! HUGE 2 & 3 BRs from $695 Close to Oaks Mall & Newberry Rd. Ashton Square Villas 333-1120 4-22-09-59-2 MOST WANTED 'AI John Leonarus Thompson Black Male (DOB 09/04/80); 600", 160 lbs, Black Hair, Brown Eyes Wanted for: Posession of a Controlled Substance Without a Prescription ALACHUA COUNTY CRIME STOPPERS Call (352) 372-STOP Downtown Luxury & Cash Back 4 Fall! Sign now for studios, 1/1, 2/2, 3/3s! Perfect Location-Great Price-No Move-in Fees W/D*Wood Floors*Bring Your Pets! Great parking-walk to bars-bike to UF Reserve now! 338-0002 4-22-09-53-2 Bivens Cove is everything you're looking for. Close to UF and downtown! Two pools! Free tanning! Pet Friendly!!! 1, 2, and 3 bedrooms ready right NOW! Move in today & get One Month FREE plus $0 move in fees. www.bivenscove.com 352-376-2507 4-22-58-2 *CAMPUS EDGE $1000* 2/2 Walk to UF, Shands & VA. Tile floor, W/D in unit. Avail fall. 239-250-6149 4-15-09-372 *Live on UF Lake* Huge 2/2 with Den -3/2 Fully Remodeled $1275/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-53-2 2/1.5 Newly Renovated Townhouse. Avail Now or Fall 09. Close to Shands, Park N Ride 2, & Shopping. Ind W/D, A/C, Pvt Patio, & Pool. $745/mth & $500 Dep. No Pets PIs. 772-538-5792 orltsao12@hotmail.com 4-709-40-2 Very Nice Mother-in Law Suite Near Haile 1BR, living room, kitchen, dining room, full bath, W/D, cable, utilities all included. $750/ mo. 367-0372 4-10-09-42-2 Luxury Apts @ UF Brand New Apts w/in 2 Blks of UF Classes W/D, Granite countertops, Walk-In Closets, Free Roommate Finder Svc. From $599/br www.SororityRowApts.com 352-376-6223 4-22-50-2 1BR apt. w/pvt gated courtyard located in small proffesional complex @ 3320 SW 23d St. Single, mature applicants only. $550.00/ mo small pets ok @ $25.00/mo 352 3772150 Please leave a msg. 4-3-09-36-2 3BR & 4BR/2BA HOUSES Hardwood floors, fireplace, new baths, screened patio, big yard, carport, storage shed. Minutes to UF, on bus route, $1400$1500/mo First, last security. 954-899-7197 4-3-09-35-2 BLOCK FROM UF Avail 8/1. Houses -single family & attached. Apts. Rent directly from owners. No middle agent. Flex terms. 352-377-3852, 359-3341, 359-5584, www.dalyproperties.com 5-2809-51-2 www.10houses.com 2 & 3 bd houses for August cute,cent H/AC, WD,wood fls quiet areas, yards $650-$1260 352-336-6116 nancy@10houses.com 5-12-09-43-2 WE HAVE IT ALL! GIVE US A CALL! Union Properties 352.373.7578 Walk to UF from our many properties! 1,2,3 and 4 Bedrooms www.rentgainesville.com 4-22-09-44-2 CAMPUS VIEW PLACE IS THE BEST! Forget the Rest and call us today! Brand New! Located off of SW 13th St. Union Properties 352.373.7578 www.campusviewplace.com 4-22-09-44-2 ONE YEAR TUITION AT UF -$22,000 Textbooks & Supplies -$2,000 Calling Union Properties for your new apt. PRICELESS! Call -352.373.7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-22-09-44-2 Finding it hard to choose your next rental? No Worries, We Can Help! Rentals going fast near UF so call today! Union Properties 352.373.7578 www.rentgainesville.com 4-22-09-44-2 2BR/2.5BA townhouse condo, 1 mi from UF. On bus route. Ind W/D. Community clubhouse, pool & fitness center. Wired for internet & security system. $895/mo 332-8841, lindalu@gatorhomes.com 4-7-09-30-2 STEPS TO UF! 3 AND 4 BR from $510 per person $0 MOVE IN FEES Pet Friendly! W/D Available 371-7777 CollegeParkUF.com 4-22-09-41-2 Near UF 4BR/3BA house wood floors, washer & dryer, central guC 3514 NW 7th Place. Available for August Call Manny 352-317-4408 4-2-09-26-2 Downtown Gainesville Union Street Station apt -above Starbucks 2BR/2.5BA, den/study room, bambo floors, granite counters, up-graded kitchen. Available for August. Call Manny 352-317-4408 4-2-09-26-2 Near UF 5BR/3BA 2,600 sq ft house 630 NW 36 Street. Available for August call Manny 352-317-4408 4-2-09-26-2 Very Nice Townhouse 3/3 in Rockwood Villas Only $375/room or $1125/month Large BRs & large closets Quiet area. Great for Pro. students 941-737-6997 3-11-14-2 Quiet, Clean, Lots of Green Space 2BR/1BA house. $650/mo. Call 352-3789220 or mobile 213-3901 4-22-09-40-2 3BD/3BA LUXURY CONDO, 2 YRS OLD Campus View North Steps from campus & sorority row. All appliances, W/D, tile floors, alarm system, 1st floor, patio/porch, dogs ok w/dep. Avail. Aug 1, $1800 407-694-0692 4-3-30-2 $1,600!! HUGE & Beautiful 2 story 4bd/3.5 bath home off of NW 39th Ave! All lawn care paid, pets OK, rent to own option at $229,900 available. Call Dana Fults at 352.318.0686 to see today! $1,600!! 4-6-20-2 **LUXURIOUS 1800 SQ FT HOME** SECLUDED, UPSCALE NEAR UF. 3/2, SUN ROOM, COVERED PATIO W/D. $1400/MO PERFECT FOR GRAD. AVAIL AUG. 1607 NW 12 RD 352-466-4171 LV MSG 4-15-0924-2 $525/mo Very spacious 1BR apt. Living room, fully furnished kitchen, large BR, carpeted, full BA. Private, gated patio. Cats allowed. Avail 4/1. 1807 A NW 10th St. Call 376-0080 4-9-09-20-2 ***POOL HOME NEAR CAMPUS*** 1500SQ FT. 3/2 WOOD FLOORS, W/D, HUGE PATIO & SCREEN PORCH OVERLOOK POOL. $1600/MO AVAIL AUG. 1325 NW 10th Ave. 352-466-4171 LV MSG 4-15-09-24-2 1BR/1BA NEXT TO UF CAMPUS W/D ind in unit. Small pet ok. Pool/exercise room. $800/mo 352-378-5801 x5 4-9-0920-2 HISTORIC HOMES 1-3BR apts + 2 houses 923 SE 4th St, 18 NE 10th St. High ceilings, porch, wood floors. $500-$1100/mo. No dogs. 1st, last, sec. Call 378-3704, sallygville@aol.com 5-12-09-342 Walk to UF. Avail in May. 2BD 2.5BTH: central ac/heat, laundry, full kit $1000. 2BD 1BTH: wall ac/heat, water ind $750. 1BD 1BTH: wall ac/heat, water ind $580. 1 yr lease, SD, and NS. Contact 352-870-7256 or gv1132601@gmail.com 4-22-09-26-2 *2/1 Apt, 8 Blocks to UF* Tiled Throughout Pet Friendly $700/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-26-2 *2/1 Apt. 3 Blocks to UF* HW Floors, Large Rooms Pet Friendly $850/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-26-2 *2/1 Apt-HW Firs-UF 4BIks* Newly Remodeled, W/D hookups Pet Friendly, $1200/mo 352-375-8256 4-22-26-2 4/2 Close to campus, 3962 West Univ. Ave. liv, din,& family rms. Fireplace, all appliances, cent. Heat & Air, washer/dryer. Hot tub. Available August 1. $1475 call 333-9874 4-14-09-20-2 Summer Rates + July Free on 15 mo lease. Sun Island 376-6720 sunisland.info 4-2209-26-2 2br/2.5 ba townhouse for rent! $750.00 a month. First month free!! Pet friendly! W&D included! Close to UF and Santa Fe. Bus stop in front of neighborhood. Call (727)-2434688 or (813)-833-3495. 4-8-09-15-2 2BR/1.5 BA townhouse w W/D. $750/month. Some utilities included. Two blocks south of Archer Rd. & 34th St. Rent directly from owners. No middle agent. 786-399-4592 for appt. 4-7-09-14-2 BIKE TO UF! HUGE luxury 2006 2bd/2ba condo for rent, 1.5 mi. from campus. Vaulted ceilings, slated balcony, W/D, walk-in closets & more. 1,410 sqft! Avail. May 2009. $1,100/ mo. 359-1112 or katewallis83@yahoo.com 5-26-09-30-2 1 & 2BR/1BA W/D. Tile throughout, front gated patio. Pet friendly. From $689/mo. Call 352-377-1633. www.lenoxcorner.com 4-22-25-2 PET'S PARADISE $375 -$650. No app or pet fee. 1 & 2BR, privacy fenced. SW. 352-331-2099 4-2-0910-2 LARGE 4BR HOUSE, 2 blocks to UF/Sorority Row area. Ample parking. Totally remodeled. Cent AC/Ht., wood floors, dishwasher, icemaker, W/D, 1BA. Pets ok. $1740. Avail Aug 16th -1 year. 665-8166 5-26-09-30-2 2BR HOUSE, 3 blocks to UF/Sorority Row area. Central AC/Ht, wood floors, parking, fenced yard. Pets ok. $880. Avail Aug 16th -1 year. 665-8166 5-26-09-30-2 NW 1br minutes from UF, dwntwn, Shands,cent air/heat, deck, w/d hkps, some util incld $495 Edbaurmanagement.com -1731 NW 6th St 375-7104 4-16-09-20-2 CLOSE TO UF 2BR/1BA duplex hdwd firs, yard, W/D, pet ok $825/mo 1010 NW 3 Ave 2BR/1BA home, parking, W/D, yard, pet ok $975/mo 618 NW 14 Ave 1.5BR/1BA, yard W/D hk-up. pet ok $595 608 NW 24 Ave Avail 8/1/09. 561-350-1552, 561-703-8490 4-22-09-21-2 WWW.BELLAPROPERTIES.NET Luxury Apartments at a great price! Call 335-5424 4-2-09-10-2 2BR/1BA Central heat, mobile home from $375-$450/mo, incl water. No pets. 4546 NW 132th Street. 376-5887 4-22-23-2 Available Now or Fall: Cute & Clean Vintage 4bd/2.5ba behind Applebee's. Bike to UF! Wd firs, CH/AC, W/D, fans, blinds. Huge rooms! 907 NW 11th Ave $1760/mo Others avail! www.cozygator.com 352-338-7670 4-6-09-10-2 Available Fall: Several Cute & Clean 2 & 3 BR homes near UF. Some wood floors, all with CH/AC, W/D, fans, blinds, & lawn upkeep. Rent @ $850-$1350/mo. Others available! www.cozygator.com, 352-338-7670 4-6-09-10-2 Available Fall: Several Cute & Clean Studio & 1-BR vintage apts. near UF & downtown. All have wood firs, fans, & blinds. Pets possible. Rent from $595-$750/mo. Others available! www.cozygator.com. 352-338-7670 4-6-09-10-2 HAILEY GARDENS 2335 SW 22nd, Newer 2 Bedroom, 2.5 Bath, Bike to Vet school/ Shands/UF. 904-501-5100 $900 6-30-0933-2 Home for rent in NW Gville $1200 month 3 bed, 2 bath, 2 car garage fire place, big backyard, pet friendly Off NW 39 Ave & 13 St. Avail starting Sum/Fall 262-2933 Meli41082@aol.com 4-13-09-15-2 MOVE-IN SPECIAL-NO DEPOSIT!! SPACIOUS 3bd/2ba from $750/mo and 2bd/1.5ba from $675/mo. 2 mi to campus. On bus route. W/D hookups avail. Tile flooring option. Community Pool and Lush Green Space. Call 352.373.4423 or email GranadaApts@CrescentMgmtCo.com. 6-4-09-30-2 Summit House 1 BR/1 BA Available Now 574 Sq Ft Near Shands & VA $605 per mo. $250 security. Pis. call 352-672-1482 7-209-35-2 3BDR/2BA Creekside home w/fireplace; H/A. Lg fenced yd. Pets ok. New carpet/vinyl. 18 mi to UF or SFC. Non-smoking. 895 lst/last/dep 1st mo free 352-336-3566. manIover@belIsouth.net 4-3-09-8-2 2br/2ba condo at Nantucket Walk. close to UF. private balconycomes with couch, bar stools, washer/dryer, parking space, etc. $1400/mo. email carab@ufl.edu or call 2566981203 4-7-09-10-2 3311 NW 30th Ave (4/2) $1200 600 NW 54th Ter (3/2) $1200 520 NW 52nd Ter (3/2) $1100 3700 NW 12th Ave (4/2) $1300 Email: SBR@Jacksonllc.com Call: 352-316-1893 for appt. 4-22-09-22-2 3 Bd/ 2 ba quiet upstairs condo in Creeks Edge. Recent remodel washer & dryer, central a/c, minutes to campus on busline, mci cable & internet. Avail Sept. $1500 furnished or $1400 unfurnished 727-410-3617 6-909-30-2 5 MINUTES TO UF 3/2. Excellent condition. Vaulted ceilings, spa bath, 2 car garage. Newer home in area. 3647 NW 7th Place. $1350/mo lease. No smokers. Avail Aug. 352-373-6080 4-1409-15-2 FOXMOOR CONDOMINIUM Remodeled, 2 bed / 1.5 bath townhouse w/ W/D, DSL, pool. Next to Hilton UF/SW Rec Facility/UF & City bus lines. $750/mo. + util. Non-smokers only. Available summer/fall. 352-359-6292. 4-309-7-2 Awesome 3 bed 2 bath house w/ large bedrooms, living and family room, built in bar, fenced yard, screened porch, hardwood floors and more. 527 NW 35th Terrace. $1600/mo. Avail Aug 1. Call 352-870-9453. 5-26-25-2 Large 1BR/1BA Cottage. Pasture for 1 horse. Very quiet. 5 mi to UF. $400/mo 372-0507 4-8-09-10-2 NW 39 Av fancy 3br/2ba w/loft Ig open bright Costly laminated wd-looking fir in loft. $775790 XL 3/2 loft apt w/new ceramic firs carpet in huge brs $850. Nice 2br/2ba gated patio, trees $630-670 373-8310, 219-3937 4-8-102 *AVAILABLE NOW & FALL* Clean, spacious, efficient homes & apts Bike to UF, Great locations, On bus route Huge fenced in yard, Pet friendly 4/2 and 3/2 HOUSES 2/1 and 1/1 APARTMENTS 3/2.5 CONDO WITH GARAGE $590.00-$1300.00 Call 352-494-8959 4-22-09-19-2 PRIVATE VIEWS -FENCED YARD DOGGIE DOOR. Cabin & 20 acres, 7 mi south of Newberry -Paddocks, riding trails. $575. Pets welcome. 330-329-8834, writer777@att.net 4-3-6-2 2BR/2BA Luxury Town Hse,1600SF 2STY 4941 NW 1 PL near UF in Mills Pond area SREF,W&D, DW, Pool, Tennis, RC, $950/MO Unfurno utilno pets,avai 8-15-09 Call 954928-1507 or 954-895-8438 4-7-09-7-2 MEDICAL, DENTAL, NURSING, VET MED STUDENTS: 1 BLOCK FROM YOUR CLASSES & LABS. $600 1 BR, $650 2BR PRIVATE PARKING, POOL, LAUNDRY FACILITIES, SOME UTILS INCLUDED, CATS ALLOWED. CALL FOR APT. (352) 376 0080 OR 352-284-3873 OR POSTJ@BELLSOUTH.NET 6-18-09-30-2 

PAGE 17

18, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 O FirVe F Rent Subleases Subleases Subleases wished unfurnished *2BR/2.5BA Townhouse condo near UF. 2 Master BRs w/ own BA, Ideal for 2 to share. Wired for inet + sec sys, W/D hk-up, appliances, comm pool, 1st & sec dep req. $950/ mo 954-805-7827 dennismiller@tycoint.com 4-16-09-14-2 3/2 avail now & fall, 1015 NE 5th pl, gar. fenced yrd, cent a/c pets ok-$995 for fall, special summer rate avail. Edbaurmanagement.com 731 NW 6th St-375-7104 4-22-09-17-2 avail august, 1022 SW 4th ave, 3/3-$1500, 4/4-$2000, cent a/c, w/d hkups, off st. pking. Edbaurmanagement.com 1731 NW 6th St-375-7104 4-22-09-17-2 3BR/2BA TOWNHOUSE 2 BLOCKS TO UF/sorority row. Central Heat/AC, plenty of parking, DW, W/D. Avail Aug 16th -1 year. $1491. 665-8166 5-26-09-22-2 NW 2br/2ba renovated home on shaded lot, wd firs, cent heat/air, some utilities, minutes to UF/shopping $795 Edbaurmanagement.com-1731 NW 6th ST375-7104 4-22-09-16-2 NW 2br cottage near dwntwn, cer tile, cent heat/air, avail now small pet ok$685 Edbaurmanagement.com-1731 NW 6th ST375-7104 4-22-09-16-2 3300 NW 30 Ave 3 BR/ 2 BA. Tile floors, fenced yard, carport. 3 miles to UF, 10 min to SFC. Quiet neighborhood. $1200/mo & sec dep. Avail 5/15. (352) 219-3266 4-14-09-10-2 Awesome 3/2 for rent 1123 NW 14th Ave. available now, $1200 month for the summer. 352.494.4686 4-9-09-7-2 LUXURY CONDO 2/3, SCRN'D LENAI BLINDS IN QUIET DEVLPMT. W/D % TV INCL'D. BIKE/BUS TO UF. DEP $1150 RENT$1150. NATASHA KING/ARSENIO CALLE 321-438-7717/ 407-497-9024 4-909-7-2 MIKE'S HOUSES 3BR/2BA -Close to UF. $1200 to $1250/mo. Avail Aug 1st. 352-665-7316 Pets allowed. 4-14-09-10-2 2BR 1 BA Apts $650/Mo 5 Blks to UF, Central H &Air Laundry Fac. Carpet, Pets Allowed. 829 Sw 5th Avenue Call Merrill Management Inc. 352-372-1494 4-15-11-2 1 BR 1 BA Near Sams Club! $400/Mo Window A/C, Tile Floor, Laundry Facilities on site. 2901 NW 14th St. First and Last Months rent required. Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 4-15-11-2 2BR 1 BA Off NW 6th St. Window A/C, Nat gas ht Carpet 750 sq. ft. $600/Mo 510 NW 28th Avenue Call Merril Management Inc 352-372-1494 4-15-11-2 1BR 1BA Apt $540/Mo 1BLK TO UF, Central H &Air Carpet, Laundry Facilities 1236 Sw 4th Avenue Avail for Fall. Call Merrill Management Inc 352-372-1494 4-15-11-2 2160 sq ft 4BR/3BA home, large 1/2 acre lot near UF & Glenn Springs Elem. Deck on rear of house, exquisite trees, fenced in back yard. Minutes from everything. 312ONW 31st Blvd. $1600/mo. 352-466-0358 4-22-0916-2 01 BLOCK TO UF 1 BR/1 BA $650. 1112 SW 4th Ave S 2BR/1 BA, $575/mo. 501 NW 15th Ave #3. Call Michael 331-2100 4-22-16-2 1/1, Ridgeview, free water, next to park, on the bus line, cent H/A, courtyard, 2 miles to UF, convenient to shopping, no smoking, no pets. $470 SD, $470/mo 562-2824 4-7-095-2 We have REAL 1/1s Available Now and Fall 3 blocks to UF -GATORNEST 300 NW 18 St-Large, 575 sq ft only $649! 4 blocks to UFGATORSIDE 1600 NW 4 Ave, 400 sq ft only $525 Bike to UF -CENTERPOINT 1220 NW 12 St-530 sq ft big, only $549! No Application Fee, Most Pets OK. For info call E.F.N. Properties, (352) 371-3636 or email Rentals@EFNProperties.com 5-12-09-16-2 WALK TO SCHOOL -Immac 3 BR brick home with Ig. yard Easy walk from UF -1617 NW 7th Pl. Quiet NW family neighborhood. Wd floors, fireplace, cent. heat & air, Ig. Fla. Rm., wash./dryer, dishwasher, ADP security, large trees, azaleas, sprinkler system, 2 driveways, off street parking. $1,650/mo. Call Tom at (352) 215-4990 4-15-09-10-2 2BR/1.5 bath, end unit Casa East SW G-Ville location. W/D, ceiling fans, Screened back porch. Com pool and bus route on-site. Quiet location, close to UF/Shands hospital. Grad students preferred $800.00/month available 8/5/09. 352-246-5958 4-8-09-5-2 3BR/3 bath house with garage and fenced in back yard. Cathedral ceilings, W/D, quiet neighborhood and close to UF/Shands Hospital -Located off Williston Rd. Lawn care and pest control included. $1400/month available 8/5/09. 246-5958. 4-8-5-2 Bike or walk to UF, Shands, or VA, 2/1 avail. 8/1, Summit House Condos, renovated with many extras, nicely decorated, 12 mo. lease, no pets per complex, $800/mo, $200 dep. Call 352-843-0220 to see. 4-22-15-2 $385-4/4 University Terrace Condo; available immediately. Free internet, cable, and utilities! On bus routes 12 and 35; minutes to UF campus and shopping on SW 34th St. Call 352-514-3398 4-22-15-2 r subleases DON'T WAIT TO PLACE YOUR SUBLEASE AD Last spring semester paper published on April 22nd. CALL TODAY!!! or PLACE YOUR AD AT WWW.ALLIGATOR.ORG Summer Sublease: 1 bedroom / 1 bath in 3/3 townhouse. In a great location. available furnished. Will sacrafice for only $300 a month. Call 954-288-5889 4-10-09-18-3 May-Aug. Windsor Hall. wood floors, ceiling fan, a/c, internet, pool, 2 blks from campus, furnished, suite bath, kitchen, male rmmate $395/mo.incl.util. 904-607-3549 4-13-15-3 SummerSublease Towne ParcApts 1 BR/1 Ba $550/mo OBO Pets ok. Internet & Cable inc. Call Camille @ 8133403168 4-10-14-3 Summer Sublet, large bedroom w/ private bath and walk-in closet in Creeks Edge condo, minutes to campus on busline, ind cable & internet & utilities $500/mo (furn or unfurn) 727-410-3617 4-22-09-21-3 1/1 available in a 4/4 in the Landings by ihop. Room available May-July (lease ends July 31st). $470/month. Willing to negotiate. Room is furnished. Great bus route 13. Call 954-993-8992 for more info. 4-8-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE in TIVOLI. $400 + utils (OBO). Furnished, 1BR/1Ba in 2/2. Females ONLY. VERY Clean, W/D, Walk-InCloset, dishwasher, big room. Pool, exercise rm, fast bus route. Call Linds @ 3212786222 4-3-7-3 2/2 or optional 3/3 at The District on 62nd from 5/1 to 8/21. W/D, Cable, Internet, Utils all included. Monthly rent is $499 per room. Apartment well taken care of. Call Ken at 305-519-8985 for more information. 4-2220-3 Summer Sublease -1BR in 2/1 available May 1st -3 blocks from midtown, walk to campus, 16 NW 20th Dr. $450/month + 1/2 utilities (negotiable). Contact Mike mschwartzseid@ aol.com or 352-514-6114 5-21-09-30-3 The Estates, summer sublease for $300/ month (normal rent is $540), 3/3, furnished short walk from the pool, close to campus very short wait for bus routes, huge pool parties all the time! Contact me at (786)4860951 or stc@ufl.edu. 4-2-09-5-3 SUMMER LEASE3BR/3 Bath avail in 4BR/4 Bath Avail May-Aug, FLEXIBLE Oxford Terrace Condo-Sorority Row Furnished Common Area, on bus route, non-smokers only 407-432-0911 or NYFL@aol.com 4-10-10-3 Summer Sublease @ District 62nd. $495 per month 1/1 w/all utilities, tv, Internet inc. Furnished, W/D in unit, great loc. sublease from May 4-Aug 7. 2 subleases available in same 2/2 (352) 214-5046 4-7-7-3 One fully furnished Room for Summer Sublease in Lexington Crossing. 3/3 apt. NEGOTIABLE -$529 per month. 5-1 to 8-8. 954-303-3158 4-2-3-3 Furnished room in house with Christian guys very close to Norman Hall, Sorority Row, and bus routes. Rent reduced to $350/ month + utilities. Available May 1-Aug 12 Call Brendan 407-721-1006 or brenbike@ufl.edu. 4-6-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE at THE ESTATES! Furnished poolside apartment for summer A/B/or both. $450/mo, negotiable. Utilities included. Call Laura for more info. (305)439-3264 4-3-3-3 ***Female Sublease 1/1 in a FURNISHED 4/4 at Gainesville Place. $496 a month ALL UTILITIES, Internet, and Fees INCLUDED. Washer/Dryer in unit.Available May 1st-Aug 3rd More Info CALL TYLER 305-360-0710 4-8-09-6-3 1 BR/1 BA Lexington Crossing summer sublease inc. fully furnished kitchen, wash./dry., highspeed internet, cable w/ HBO in 4/4, $450/m 321-243-3399, orlandov@ufl.edu 4-14-10-3 Summer sublet, 2 Bedrooms avail in 3/2 house,$450/mo,furnished,all inclusive: eleccable,internet,etc. W/D,fenced backyard, 10 min bike to UF, 5 min to bus route. Call 407 920-2259 4-10-09-8-3 1BR/1BA 700+ sq.ft sublease at Hawaiian Village available April 6 until July 31 or later. Rent paid for the month of April. $510/mo. Call Robert at 727-410-3380. 4-7-09-5-3 $350-Furnished 4/4 Apartment@ Lexington Crossing-Pool, Gym,Clubhouse. Cable & Utilities included3 bus routes available immediately thru August. Call Ivory (813) 390-7761 4-9-7-3 Looking for female roommate to live with 3 other fun & friendly girls in 4 bd 4 bth condo less than 2 miles away from UF. Tile in common area & bthrms. New carpet in bdrms. Only $375/mo+util. (386)748-8718 4-7-095-3 400/month, 2/2 or 1/1 (negotiable) may-aug sublease in Campus Lodge, beautiful pool, gym, tanning salon, cable, wireless internet, washer/dryer in apt, email marls88@ufl.edu if interested 4-9-09-6-3 Sublease available immediately. 1 bedroom in 3 bedroom house. 3 blocks from Football stadium. Rent $540.00. Split utilities 3 ways. Long term lease available next year. Call 328-7776. 4-9-6-3 Summer Sublease: $600/mo. lbr/1bath unfurnished at Piccadilly Apts. May-July 31. Apt has 4 closets, d/w, and laundry facility. Pets welcome! Call Jennifer at 352-281-4384. 4-8-09-5-3 Tell us with an essay, photo or video and you could win a framed photograph from the 2006 Football National Championship autographed by Urban Meyer and Chris Leak! Deadline for entries: TODAY AT NOON Finalists will be selected by a panel of Alligator and Community judges and voted on by Alligator readers. Online polls will be open from midnight Monday, April 6 to 11:59 p.m. Thursday, April 9. Submit entries to contest@alligator.org Visit www.alligator.org/gradtab for official rules. Participants must be UF seniors graduating in Spring 2009 to be eligible. Deadline for submission is 12 p.m. April 2. Essay submissions may not exceed 500 words. Photo submissions may not exceed five photos. Video submissions may not exceed 2:30 minutes (150 seconds) in length. E-mail submissions to contest@alligator.org or drop them off on CD to 1105 W. University Ave. All submissions will be automatically entered in the contest. Finalists will be chosen by a panel of Alligator and Community judges. Finalists will be displayed on the website for public vote from midnight April 6 to 11:59 p.m. April 10. The three submissions with the most votes will be announced as winners. Winners will be notified prior to April 14. Winners will be announced in the April 14 Grad Tab Special Section. Positive ID required to collect winnings. Officers, directors, employees & their family members of the Alligator, or affiliates of the contest are not eligible to enter contest. You do not need to be present to win. Grand prize cash value: $750. Prizes are non-transferrable. Gratuity and sales tax not included. Prizes must be claimed by April 30, 2009. No purchase necessary to enter. By submitting an entry, you are agreeing to these terms and conditions. Visit www.alligator.org/gradtab for details. the independent florida Ilk.alligator 

PAGE 18

THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 19 F Roommates Roommates l Furnishings o il For SM Aut Female roomate for summer $325 util incl 2 blocks to campus 386-341-4412 4-13-095-4 2 ROOMMATES NEEDED forthe nextschool year. $425/mo + utils. 3BR/2BA house. 813362-7729 4-8-5-4 Now you can easily Real ES tate submit your classified ad a l for print and/or web editions Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile right thru our website! home and much more in the ALLIGATOR r CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible Just go to www.alligator.org/classifieds Visa and Mastercard accepted. 01 br w/pvt entrance avail in 2BR condo Cent AC/H. 2 pools. Walk to UF. 375/mo *1BR hdwd firs, pvt ba avail in beautiful NW house close to UF $395/mo 352-316-3930 www.gainesville-rent.com. 4-3-09-60-4 -::2Blocks To UF:: Room in 4br condo ind utils, internet, cable TV, pool. Very Nice $375. 283-8777 www.Gainesville-Rooms-4-Rent.com 4-2209-62-4 1BR/1BA avail march 1st in 2Br/2BA for responsible mature individual. $390-$400/mo + utils. Barandywine on Archer Rd. yttek@ yttek@hotmail.com or 305-332-6566 4-709-43-4 Roommate wanted for 3/2 house on 1 + Acre w/ pool. Quiet neighborhood great for grad student or working professional. $495 plus half the electric. 15 min to UF & Shands. Move in Today! 772-201-9933 4-10-09-20-4 $400-Female roommates needed for beautiful 4/4 University Terrace condo on SW 34th St. All utilities included, available starting immediately/summer/fall. On bus routes 12 and 35, minutes to UF and walking distance to food and shopping! Call 352.262.0628. 4-22-24-4 2 Females, 2BRs in 3/2 beautiful 5 yr old house. 2 car garage, fully furn, except BRs. W/D. 7 mins to UF on bus rte. Very safe community $440/mo ind utils, cable, internet, security system. Call 321-662-1772 4-209-10-4 LARGE BEDROOM, PRIVATE BATH, ROCKWOOD VILLAS 3/3 TOWNHOME CONDO. Available Summer and/or Fall. $400 + 1/3 utilities. 301-305-6206. On bus route. 4-709-10-4 3rd female roommate needed for 3/2.5 townhouse for fall 2009-spring 2010 year. Base rent 350$ plus utilities. Greenwich Green Apts. Pool/gym. Great bus route. Call 954815-0274 for additional info. 4-3-09-7-4 2 BRs AVAIL FOR FEMALES ONLY in 4/2.5 townhouse. $375/mo/room. + 1/3 electric. 754-204-1624 5-12-09-20-4 FEMALE ROOMMATE NEEDED! 4BR/4BA Clean & Quiet condo at University Terrace West.$450 rent includes: Cable, HS Internet, and ALL utilities Fully furnished. MUST SEE! Call Dory @ (954)816-1468. 4-3-09-5-4 Female roommate needed. Live in a beautiful new house w/ sec alarm, bus stop, fast internet, cable, quiet area, pool. Available May 1st. $500/month. Joyce 941-724-0961. 4-13-09-10-4 Female roommate needed for a 2/1.5 at Casablance East. $500 includes utilities and wireless internet. Room has a walk-in closet. CONDO IS ON 3 MAJOR BUS ROUTES TO UF. contact 904-553-8225 4-14-09-10-4 Female roommates, own bed/bath, furnished, Windsor Park, close to UF on bus stop, pool, hot tub, tennis, gym, $450, 1/3 utilities, avail May 407-361-1154. 4-22-09-16-4 Move In Today! Huge Home 1.5 Miles to UF seeking 2 roomates 65" HD TV, Pool Table, Nice Yard 2 Big Rooms avail. 13'x12' NW 16 & 22 Easy to SFCC. Bike to UF $450/Month 1/4 UtI. 561-756-5368 4-8-5-4 buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUT PLACING YOUR AD ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373-Find SEE ALL CONDOS WWW.UFCONDOS.COM Matt Price Campus Realty, 352-281-3551 4-22-72-5 NEW CONDOS -WALK to UF 3 Blks to UF. For Info on ALL 1, 2, 3, 4 Bedrooms for Sale, Call Eric Leightman, Campus Realty at 352-219-2879. 4-22-72-5 Brand new luxury condos starting at $220k. Granite tops, tall ceilings, private balcony, steel & concrete construction, alarm system. Call Eric Wild at 352-870-9453 4-22-72-5 AFFORDABLE LUXURYNEWCONSTRUCTION NEAR UF, SHANDS, LAW SCHOOL 2Bed/3 Full Baths + Office. Granite Counters, 2 Direct Bus Stops to UF. Matt Price, Campus Realty 352-281-3551 4-22-72-5 WALK TO UF & DOWNTOWN! THE PALMS -New Ultra-Luxury Condos. Granite, Huge Closets, Pool, Call Eric Leightman, Campus Realty, 352-219-2879 5-21-49-5 Countryside 4BR/4BA condo. 1.5 miles to UF on bus route. 1st floor, W/D, security gate, pool. Fully rented until July 31st. Rent 3 rooms and you live for free. $181,900. 386672-6969 4-22-09-17-5 ll Furnishings BED -QUEEN -$120 ORTHOPEDIC Extra thick, pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 will deliver. 4-22-08-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE -$100 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352377-9846 4-22-08-72-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT -$400 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1600. 352-3727490 4-22-08-72-6 BED -KING -$170 PILLOWTOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-22-08-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed. Cost $1500, sacrifice $450 352-333-7516 Sofa $175 Brand new in pkg 333-7516 4-22-72-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1100 (352) 372-7490 4-22-08-72-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Call 352-377-9846 4-22-08-72-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-372-8588 4-2272-6 Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Greenwich Green 372-8100 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-22-72-4 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. New, in box. $160 332-9899 DINETTE SET 5pc $120 Brand new in box. Never used. 352-377-9846 4-22-08-72-6 **BEDS -ALL BRAND NEW** **Full $100 Queen $125 King $200** Orthopedic pillow-top sets. Brand name matching sets not used or refurbished. Still in plastic, direct from factory! 352-333-7516. 4-22-72-6 BEDQUEEN New orthopedic pillowtop mattress and boxspring set. Brand name, brand new, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $130 352-377-9846. 4-22-72-6 BedAll New King! 3pc Orthopedic pillowtop mattress set. Brand NEW, still in plastic with warranty. Can deliver. $200 352-333-7516. 4-22-72-6 BEDROOM SET$300 BRAND NEW Still in boxes! 6 pieces include: Headboard 2 Nightstands, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-22-0872-6 FUTON -$60 Solid Oak Mission Style. With plush mattress $160. All brand NEW still in box. Can deliver. 352-333-7516 4-22-72-6 Bed-FULL size pillowtop mattress & box. New in plastic, warr. Can del. $100 317-4031 SOFA $185 Brand new! Love seat $150 still in pkg. Can del 352-333-7516 4-22-72-6 BEDS 0 FUTONS 0 LOFTS Great prices, Great Quality, Low $$$ All new. 25 yrs in G'ville 1947 N Main St. Mon-Sat 244-5010 4-8-09-10-6 -computers CASH PAID FOR LAPTOP'S Buy -Sell -Trade Any Condition 336-0075 www.pcrecycle.biz Joel 4-2208-72-7 COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-22-08-72-7 -0 COMAlP UT ERS& 4-22-70-7 Computer Help Fast Gatorland Computers House/Dorm Fast response. No waiting/ unplugging/hassels. $30 Gator discount w/ ID. Certified MCSE Technicians. 338-8041. www.GatorlandComputers.com 4-22-70-7 FOR PRICES + DISCOUNTS 352-377-6974 y Bicycles 4-22-09-15-11 In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE WE REPAIR ALL BRANDS Best Prices in Town SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W UNIV AVE (DOWNTOWN) 4-22-72-9 WLIFor Sale PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-22-08-72-10 UF SURPLUS EQUIPMENT AUCTIONS are underway. bikes, computers, printers, vehicles & more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: http://www.surplus.ufl.edu/online/ 392-0370 4-22-08-72-10 II Autos FAST CASH FOR ALMOST ANY CARS S ORunning or not!0 ONEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS SOver 15 yr svc to UF students OCall Don @ 215-7987 4-22-08-72-12 CARS -CARS BuyOSellOTrade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-22-72-12 $500! POLICE IMPOUNDS! HONDAS, CHEVYS, TOYOTAS, ETC. For listings 800-366-9813 ext 4622 4-22-72-12 CARS FROM $29/MO! Hondas S Chevys S Jeeps and more! $0 Down, 36 Months @ 8.5% apr. For listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9765 4-22-72-12 $25.00 stun gun. Great for female joggers and people who work at night. Don't be another victim protect yourself. Free delivery. call 352-682-2170 4-6-09-5-10 %F CyC-eyles, MopedS 000000 SCOOTERS 000000 RPM MOTORCYCLES INC SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-22-08-72-11 *****New Scooters 4 Less***** Motor Scooter Sales and Service! Great Scooters, Service & Prices! 118 NW 14th Ave, Ste D, 336-1271 www.NS4L.com 4-22-08-72-11 ***GatorMoto*** Largest Scooter Store in Town! Run by Gator Grads! New scooters starting at$999. No legit shop can beat these prices! lyr Warranties included. 376-6275GatorMoto.com 4-22-0872-11 SCOOTER SERVICE New Scooters 4 Less has LOW service rates! Will service any make/model. Close to UF! Pick-ups avail cheap oil changes!! 336-1271 4-22-08-72-11 ***WW.BuyMyScooter.comn*** Buy A New Scooter, Buy A Used Scooter All on one site! Check the website or call 336-1271 for more info! 4-22-08-72-11 GATORMOTO Gville's #1 service facility. We repair ALL brands of scooters. Pickups available. Lowest labor rates around. Quickest turnaround time. Run by Gator Grads so we know how to treat our customers! 376-6275 4-22-08-72-11 SWAMP CYCLES Closest to Campus. Largest selection, Best Customer Service. Motorcycles, Scooters, Accessories, and Service. 633 NW 13th Street www.swampcycles.com 4-22-72-11 ***SOLANO CYCLE*** Scooters from $799. Largest selection from KYMCO, Daelim, Hyosung, Adly, Genuine, Estblished 10 yrs, 2 yr warranties 1024 S Main St 338-8450 solanocycle.com 4-22-08-72-11 2008 WILDFIRE SCOOTER 49cc Bright red, 2000 miles, windshield and storage box. Runs great, regular oil changes $1100. Call Caroline 386-497-2682 4-2-095-11 RPM MOTORCYCLES INC FULL SERVICE REPAIR SHOP 11TH YEAR OEM + AFTERMARKET PARTS + ACCY'S HUGE TIRE SELECTION IN STOCK, CALL *FAST CASH PAID* For any running cars or trucks. 1995 and up. Clean or ugly. Segovia 352-284-8619 4-2272-12 *****ATTENTION***** 00000 SUN CITY AUTO SALESOOOS WHY PAY MORE? YOU COULD PAY LESS! 300+ vehicles @ wholesale prices 338-1999 4-22-08-72-12 All Vehicles Must Go! Liquidation Sale Special 60 Days Payoff on Cash Vehicles (Payoff time negotiable) Sun City Auto 352-338-1999 4-22-09-62-12 Over 250 Vehicles Will Be Sold At Wholesale Prices to the Public Including Cars, Trucks, Vans & SUVs Sun City Auto 352-338-1999 4-22-09-62-12 Bring Your W-2 and Ride Home Today Why Wait for Your Refund? File Your Taxes Here and Drive Off in Your Vehicle Sun City Auto 352-338-1999 4-22-09-62-12 Sun City Auto No Credit Check All Vehicles $0 Down Buy Here -Pay Here 352-338-1999 4-22-09-62-12 $$ CASH TODAY! $$ For Your Unwanted Cars Junk!! Trucks, RVs, & Wrecks!!! TOP DOLLAR PAID! 386-234-0072 & 386-234-0075 4-22-09-32-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING?** POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK? On site available. Call Steve 352-226-1973 4-22-28-12 CARS FROM $29/MO! Hondas, Chevys, Jeeps and More! $0 Down, 36 Months @ 8.5% apr. For listings call 800-366-9813 ext 9765 5-28-09-32-12 WJWanted LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: Gold Diamonds Gems Class Rings ETC Top Cash $$$ or Trade OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY 373-9243. 4-2272-13 UF GRAD PAYS MORE for gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds, guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell! Call Jim 376-8090 or 2228090 4-22-08-72-13 The American Cancer Society Road to Recovery Volunteers Needed! VOLUNTEER DRIVERS NEEDED to transport cancer patients to treatment. Flexible schedule. Training and liability insurance provided. Please call 352-376-6866 ext. 5079 if interested. BE AN INSPIRATION! Take a blind lady to Mass on Sundays and for walks and shopping as needed. We'll have lots of fun! And you will make a new friend! Contact 219-6948 4-10-09-74-13 $$$$ NEED MONEY $$$$ Will pay you cash for guns, gold, motorcycles, cars, or anything of value. (561)2523135 6-2-30-13 Help Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings 

PAGE 19

20, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 F Help Wanted Help Wanted f Help Wanted Services personal LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, personal references. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-22-72-14 EARN $60 THIS WEEK! Donate Plasma & Save a Life Best part-time job you'll ever have. NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St. 352-378-9204 4-22-08-72-14 $STUDENTS GET CASH ON THE SPOT$ For gently used clothing/accessories & furniture. No appt.necessary! -Sandy's Savvy Chic Resale Boutique 2906 NW 13th St. 3721226 4-22-08-72-14 BARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-22-08-72-14 CNA TRAINING CLASS: $250! Work at your own time & pace in your own home! To get program on DVD's call 352-597-2559. For online program visit www.lapcnatraining. com Get started right away! 4-22-72-14 Paradigm Properties Leasing Specialist, PT Sales & Customer service exp. EOE, DFWP Apply on-line at: www.teamparadigm.com 352-375-2152 ex 301 4-22-67-14 Earn extra money. Students needed ASAP. Earn up to $150/day being a mystery shopper. No experience required. Call 1-800-7224791 4-22-09-65-14 400+ Counselors/Instructors Jobs! 3 Coed summer camps in PA. Travel Paid, Top Salary. Cool Nights & Warm Days! 1-800-488-4321, www.lohikan.com 4-2209-59-14 STUDENTPAYOUTS.COM Paid survey takers needed. Gainesville. 100% FREE to join. Click on Surveys 4-2209-59-14 DANCERS NEEDED For adult entertainment company. Make $1000/wk. Flex schedule 378-3312 4-2254-14 Summer Jobs 0 $2100 Co-ed camp Room and Board included Get Paid to Play! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs male and female summer camp counselors ages 18 and up. FEYC is an over-night camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL. The camp runs June 8 -July 25. Please contact Krys Ragland at 1-800-523-1673 Ext. 251 or 352 455-4267 4-22-09-72-14. FUTURE GMs Now hiring assistant managers GatorDominos.com/jobs 3-22-40-14 HOUSEKEEPING -CLEANING JOBS All around cleaning & laundry. FT available Mon-Fri, 10am -5pm. $7.25/hr, experience and good attitude preferred. All 256-3323 for more info and interview. 4-22-09-36-14 Clinical Research Coordinator needed for busy clinical research site. Must be experienced in Phase I-Ill trials. LPN or RN prefered but not mandatory. Fax Resume to 352.333.3936 3-11-09-10-14 IT/Programming Internship. Local investment firm seeks individual to work PT/FT with SQL, HTML, ASP, databases, servers, and networks. 2+ yrs exp pref. $15-20 per hour + bonuses, long term capability. Fax resume to 352-378-4156. 4-22-09-33-14 Administrative Assistant / Customer Service Rep with good computer, communication, and people skills. $8/hr, 20hrs/wk, fax resume to 352-378-4156 4-2-09-20-14 MOTHER'S HELPER -JONESVILLE SUN-THURS NIGHTS JULY '09-JUNE '10 1st grader help w h/w, supper n tidy house. email : norial@mac.com 7-2-30-14 PHONE SURVEY INTERVIEWERS WANTED. Start work today! No sales. Opinion research only! Flexible schedules! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ext 4081. Call now! 4-22-31-14 BIG LOU'S PIZZERIA Now hiring servers, pizza makers, cooks and drivers. Serious workers only. Apply in person 5 SE 2nd Ave Downtown. 4-8-20-14 MEDICAL RECEPTIONIST: Full time. Scheduling, phone calls, verifying insurance, entering payments and coordinating office activities. Resume afn22025@bellsouth.net 4-1 0-20-14 PHONE AGENTS NEEDED Must have Excellent Vocabulary and Communication skills. PC skills needed. Apply Now! 4112 NW 22nd Drive. 352-371-5888 x 111 4-22-28-14 Long Hair Models sought. Hip to knee length and longer only please. Earn $80-300, no exp. ness. no cutting. casual to elegant attire. 352 792 1824 www.longhair.org 4-6-09-1514 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED 33rd Annual GATOR TENNIS CAMP 2009 STAFF NEEDED -GOOD PLAYERS ONLY 4 WEEKS IN JUNE-ON CAMPUS COURTS GOOD PAY, GOOD HOURS, GOODTIMES CALL COACH M. B. CHAFIN AT 392-3538 IF NO ANSWER-LVE MESSAGE THANKS 4-22-09-26-14 SUMMER AD SALES and MARKETING INTERNSHIP/JOB. Earn $$$ plus commissions and gain valuable sales and mktg experience working for Plan-It Florida the FREE daily planner for students at Gator Textbooks. GREAT RESUME BOOSTER!!! Email your resume to fla09.oc101 @hiredesk.net for more information 4-10-09-15-14. HCP Services now interviewing for staff RNs, RTs & LPNs in Alachua, Bradford, Levy, Gilchrist, Putnam, Union & Dixie area. Great pay. Contact 352-284-2336, fax resume to 352-373-2254 4-30-09-5-14 Customer Service/ Production Join our team of Employee Owners @ Target Copy. FT Extensive benefits, Training, Nights weekends. 1412 W Univ Ave. Drug Test. 4-6-09-10-14 LAW CLERKPersonal injury office in Gainesville seeks part time undergraduate; freshman or sophmore preferred; Fax 352372-0049, or e-mail cheriefine@cox.net 4-6-10-14 Gardner/Grounds-keeper for private home & 30 acres tending to gardens and mowing. approx 10 hrs/wk. Should be familiar with use of chainsaw & tractor/mower. email inquiry & background to baylaurel@bellsouth.net 4-2-09-7-14 Swim Instructors:lf your good come work with the BEST Sharks & Minnows Swim School. FT/PT $11-14hr.Pool Locations in:Gainesville & 35 others FL cities. Will train. (800) 511-7946. www.sharksandminnows.com 4-15-09-514 PT Window Blind Installer for independent contractor. 339-4600 4-2209-20-14 Handyman needed. 8-10 hours per week. Odd jobs ranging from office maintenance, painting, yard work and more. Must be an independent worker, have reliable transportation and some experience doing this sort of work. Email Handymanjob2009@gmail.com 4-6-7-14 SELF-MOTIVATED -Start today and you can receive $500-$3500 per week. Absolutely no selling. 800-242-0363 ext 8852; www. mygoldplan.com/gmgreen (serious inquiries only) 4-2-09-5-14 Medical Students wanting to work in Healthcare. Happy, friendly, service type people wanting to learn DME medical equipment. Resume Fax: 352-377-5595 4-2-095-14 MEDICAL SUPPLY DME F/T office help, dispatcher for delivery of medical equipment. Must know North Central FI road and towns. General office duties. Resume Fax: 352-3775595 4-2-09-5-14 EARN EXTRA $$$ SELLING AVON Become an Indep. Sales Rep! Be your own boss! Call or email me for more information: Shannon (indep. sales rep)(352)316-1699 or shannon.avon@email.com 4-3-09-5-14 ACCOUNTING TUTOR NEEDED Tutor for introductory level accounting student. Acct./Fin. major, $15/hr plus mileage, flexible to schedules. 352-336-0350 4-309-4-14 Want to be a Pharmacy Tech? Workshop/ books/national cert exam for only $800. All classes taught by pharmacist. 1 night/week for 6 weeks. Next class 4/15/09, Call Express 352-338-1193 or expresstrainingservices.com/pharmacy 4-13-09-10-14 AVON is recruiting Independent Sales Reps! Unlimited income potential with additional incentives and bonuses. Have the flexibilty to work your own hours, from home or online. Call Lisa today 352-207-0623 4-7-09-5-14 --JOB FAIR-GATOR MOVING AND STORAGE Wednesday, April 8th See our ad on Page 14 352-374-4791 4-2-09-1-14 Planting, mulching, trimming shrubs. Person needed for lawn and garden care. Flexible hours, but must be available to work Wed. mornings. Home located 2 miles north of the Hwy Patrol station. $12.00 per hour. Fax resume to:386-462-7935. 4-8-09-5-14 SERVERS Evenings & weekends. Experienced & friendly. Apply in person 2-5pm. Napolatano's 606 NW 75th St. 4-8-09-5-14 Night Owl? Responsible workers needed in Customer Service/Digital Production. Employee owned/ Customer focused company. Attention to detail and energy a must. Extensive training/ benefits. Midnight -8am shift, FT. Target Copy, 1412 W Univ Ave. DRUG TEST 4-1509-10-14 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Local and long distance moving One item or a houseful! 10% off with this ad! FL Reg IM 19 Call Now! 352-374-4791, 800-797-6766 4-22-08-72-15 HORSE BOARDING 12 x 12 stall -cement block barn. Good grass turnout with room to run! Limited # of stalls available. 352-472-2627 for info & directions. 4-22-08-72-15 HYPNOTIST -Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Elminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079 4-22-72-15 ***MOVING?*** 0000 FREEWAY MOVING 0000 You'll love our low rates & references. Student Discount. Call 352-256-0999. Lic #1M707 4-22-72-15 T-SHIRT SCREEN PRINTING Greeks-Sports-Clubs-Bands *Call or Stop by for a QUOTE* MONSTER PRESS 373-3355 424 W UNIV AVE (in Spin Cycle) 4-22-72-15 Mini Maxi Warehouses; corner Waldo Rd & NE 31st Ave; 10 sizes, student/staff rentals; UHaul warehouse complex, trucks, trailers. $20 off any warehouse rental! 352-373-6294 or 1-800-559-2449 Also 100 sheds for sale. 8-31-09-79-15 IMMIGRATION LAW Marriage Visas Employment Visas-Naturalization Richard Ruth, Esq. 352-335-6748 www.ruthlaw.com 4-22-38-15 MATH & PHYSICS TUTOR First hour FREE. 11 years experience. Bilingual. Call Francisco at 352-494-8582 4-15-20-15 Gator Slide Farm: Horse boarding. Owner housing. Dressage, stadium jumping, X-country. Lessons/schooling opportunities. Feeding/mucking mitigate monthly charges. Visitors always welcome. Contact Dibbie 352.466.3538 or gtrslfrm@aol.com 6-1809-30-15 SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480 4-22-08-72-18 WJ2 Connecions Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love Malzy, You are a rocking-awesome little sister and I love you so much. I hope this birthday is the best one yet. And I hope they just keep getting better. Love, Emma 4-2-1 -19 Event Notices IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! ADOPTION-Pregnant and considering this option? Loving couple seeks newborn/infant. Expenses paid. Call in confidence to attorney Rebecca Caballero, 904-886-9552. (FL Bar #0028857) 4-3-09-15-20 Entertainment WALDO FARMERS & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255 4-22-08-72-21 SHOTGUN SHOOTING SPORTS Open To Public Wed-Fri-Sat-Sun 1 pm-6pm Skeet -Trap -Olympic Trap -5 Stand gatorskeetandtrap.com 352-372-1044 8-19-09-97-21 Rocky Creek Paintball In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better Call 371-2092 4-22-08-72-21 Rides M FHealth Services I HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Services Alachua County Health Dept. Call O F 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) IMPORT AUTO REPAIR. BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-22-72-15 EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The countryclub for horses & owners. Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath. 250' x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump paddock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 matted stalls, 19 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-591-3175 everglade-equestrian.com 4-22-74-15 Want to be a CNA? Don't want to wait? Express Training Services can get you certified under 3 wks! Hands-on exp, no videos. Day/eve/wkend. Class sizes limited. 3381193 for details expresstrainingservices.com 4-22-08-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-22-72-15 TLC HORSEBOARD All facilities & amenities, quality instruction; 15 minutes from UF. Jan at 376-7762. Greathouse Equestrian Ctr. 4-22-72-15 All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-22-72-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $119! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199 4-22-72-16 ADOPTION-Pregnant and considering this option? Loving couple seeks newborn/infant. Expenses paid. Call in confidence to attorney Rebecca Caballero, 904-886-9552. (FL Bar #0028857) 4-6-09-15-16 f5oPersonal GMG TRANSPORT WiFi on buses -New Departures Thur 1 & 4:30 / Fri 1, 3 & 4:30 Ret Sun 2 & 4 pm -Mon 2 pm -Also Reverse trips Credit card payments, no xtra charge pay by phone or in person$35 OW1 -$45 R/T www.gmgtrans.com 352-21 5-8196 4-22-72-23 WEZE Zes Furry, feathery, scaly.no, not your roommate.pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. CatBlack tabby, large, long haired, domestic, sweet, playful, 4 yrs old, male, declawed, neutered, special diet for urinary crystals, current vaccinations. Needs loving home. No bad habits.352-284-7443 evenings. 4-2-524 HIV ANTIBODY TESTING Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) Lost & Found *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-22-72-18 REWARD-LOST CAT Blk/wht, F/S, long hair, micro-chip, very shy. Lost 3/20/09 area of NE 3rd Ave & NE 9th St. Call 352-373-1796. 4-10-09-11-25 

PAGE 20

Sports THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 Moultrie homers in doubleheader sweep THE FRESHMAN'S HOME RUN CAME IN A PINCH-HIT AT-BAT. By ADAM BERRY Alligator Staff Writer a berry@a Iligator org After Michelle Moultrie's flyout ended UF's chances of a seventh-inning come-from-behind win against Alabama on Sunday, Francesca Enea said the freshman would be cranking home runs like Enea in a few years. As it turns out, it only took a few days. Pinch hitting for right fielder Alicia Sisco in the top of the seventh in the first game against Auburn on Wednesday with the Gators up 2-0, Moultrie nailed a solo shot out of right-center field for her first out-of-the-park longball at UF. Moultrie's first career hit was an insidethe-park home run against UNLV on Feb. 21. "It was great. Pinch-hit home runs, they just don't happen very often in softball," UF coach Tim Walton said. Moultrie did not start either game of Wednesday's doubleheader, but her home run helped the No. 1 Gators (36-3, 15-1 Southeastern Conference) secure a 3-0 win in Game 1 against Auburn (2512,5-6 SEC). The freshman also knocked a pinchhit double to left field in UF's 7-1 win in Game 2 in Auburn, Ala. Pitcher Stacey Nelson (20-3, 0.43 ERA) held the Tigers to only two hits, walked no batters and struck out nine in Game 1. UF secured its 2-0 lead Sofbal before Moultrie's Softball hom erun thanks toa twRBI bomb to left field by first baseman Ali Gardiner in the third inning. Other than Moultrie, only the top three hitters in the Gators' order -Aja Paculba, Kelsey Bruder and Gardiner -recorded hits in Game 1. The bottom of the lineup came up empty, as the four through nine batters in UF's starting lineup had no hits. In Game 2, though, those batters sparked the Gators' offense. SEE SOFT, PAGE 23 New coaches should scare UF f men's basketball coach Billy Donovan had left the program for Kentucky over the weekend, it would have been a devastating blow to UF basketball. The team would have been without the identity that Donovan gives to the Gators. UF commit Kenny Boynton told the Alligator on Tuesday that he probably would have decommitted from UF without Donovan here. And the players left on the roster would be playing for someone who didn't recruit them. Yes, that would have been terrible for a program in the middle of some serious rebuilding. But something else happened over the weekend and into the first half of this week that drastically damaged the Gators' chances of winning in the next few years. Two huge coaching moves in the Southeastern Conference have brought stiff competition for years to come. The first big announceEvan Drexler ment -one The Drex Factor that came on edrexler@alligatororg Friday -was that former UF assistant coach Anthony Grant, who took Virginia Commonwealth to the NCAA Tournament the last two years, accepted the head job at Alabama. Grant is now the only SEC coach other than Donovan to have won a national title, and that came while he was an assistant under Donovan. Grant's hire by the Crimson Tide hurts the Gators because he knows all about recruiting in the state of SEE EVAN, PAGE 23 Harrison Diamond/ Alligator Staff UF outfielder Michelle Moultrie waits in the outfield during the Gators' 9-1 win against Alabama on Saturday. Moultrie hit her first out-of-the-park home run against Auburn on Wednesday. UF MEN'S BASKETBALL Boynton shines in Miami By TYLER JETT Alligator Writer CORAL GABLES -In a game filled with the nation's best, Kenny Boynton proved he belonged. Boynton, a UF commit from American Heritage Plantation High, scored 10 points and had three assists, helping the East beat the West 113-110 in the 32nd McDonald's All-American Game. The game was played in Florida for the first time, taking place at the Bank United Center on the University of Miami campus. Boynton, the only in-state participant, received a standing ovation from the 5,981 fans in attendance during the lineup introductions. "It's good to know that you have your community behind you," Boynton said. Both coaches rotated their lineups during every TV timeout, and Boynton entered the game for the first time at the 15:28 mark. His first appearance was uneventful, as he missed his only shot attempt and split point guard duties with Peyton Siva. Each team played man-to-man defense, and Boynton matched up with FSU commit Michael Snaer. The West team screened Boynton on almost every possession, helping Snaer score 13 points. "They kept running off screens on me," Boynton said. "It made me more tired for offense." Offensively, Boynton created his own shots, displaying ball-handling skills and a quick crossover. He looked rusty early in the game, turning the ball over on a first-half fast break, but he calmed down as the game progressed. His best play occurred early in the second half. Snaer guarded him tightly while Boynton strung toBoynton gether a series of crossovers before pulling up and swishing the ball from 15 feet out. "Snaer was guarding me and he was bumping me, (but) I just said in my mind I was going to get to the basket regardless," Boynton said. The future Gator displayed good court vision in the second half, getting assists on backto-back fast breaks including an alley-oop to Dante Taylor. SEE BOYNTON, PAGE 23 I DID NOT KNOW THAT U UF pitcher Stacey Nelson and left fielder Francesca Enea were named two of the top 25 finalists for the 2009 USA Softball Collegiate Player of the Year Award on Wednesday. The top 10 finalists will be announced May 6. POLL QUESTION UF BASEBALL E The UF baseball team's matchup with Stetson on Wednesday was postponed due to rain. The Gators' game with the Hatters has been rescheduled for April 15 at 6:30 p.m. Today's question: Will the UF men's basketball team finish ahead of or behind Kentucky next season? Previous question: Who will win the NCAA men's basketball national championship? (see right for results) ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org UNC UConn Villanova MSU Percent (Votes) 49% (35) 24% (17) 15% (11) 11% (8) 71 TOTAL VOTES 

PAGE 21

22, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 Strict workout regimen gets gymnast competing on college level SM ITH, from page 24 the sleepless night trying to disguise her nerves with support for Smith. It was the last night Smith would be flesh and bones before becoming flesh, bones and metal. "I didn't have any apprehension about it, nervousness of course," said Smith's father, Warren. Warren said he even wanted to watch the surgery but wasn't allowed. "One of her trainers down at UCLA went in and watched (and) said she was not prepared for what she saw," Warren said. Warren recalls being in the recovery room after her surgery, when his daughter woke up screaming in that moment of excruciating pain. "I was kind of shocked being in the recovery room with all these other patients that were recovering from different surgeries. I didn't know how to react," Warren said. Smith's response to the surgery was surprising even to the doctors. She ended up having to stay three days in the hospital. "I couldn't move my leg," Smith said. "I couldn't really wiggle my toes. It was awful. The first three days to two weeks, I was like, 'What did I do? Why did I do this?"' Smith was confined to her bed -'~ Harrison Diamond/ Alligator Staff Smith performs on uneven bars during UF's win against Kentucky in the O'Connell Center on Jan. 30. She earned a 9.9 in the event. those first three days. With her leg harnessed and in a full-leg cast, even sleeping was a challenge. "When I'd be asleep, I'd twitch and end up straightening my knee and I would just lose it again because I was straightening something they drilled a hole in," Smith said. "Sleeping was awful, during the day was awful. Everything was just bad." She remembers switching off crying with her roommate at the hospital. When her roommate was crying, Smith would call the nurse, and when Smith was bawling, her roommate fulfilled the nurse-calling duty. "I couldn't move my leg. I couldn't really wiggle my toes. It was awful. The first three days to two weeks, I was like, 'What did I do? Why did I do this?"' Maranda Smith UFjunior gymnast Finally, Smith was discharged, but that just meant dealing with pain in a new setting. When she finally could crutch around, she still couldn't shower properly. With her thigh-high cast, Smith would lift her entire leg over the bathtub ledge, tape trash bags all the way up to her hip and stand on her good leg with her trash-bag-clad leg out of the shower because she couldn't get the cast wet. Crutches and all, Smith only let the injury impair her to a point. Two years before her surgery, she and two high school friends had planned a Hawaii vacation as their senior trip. With her cast taken off, Smith crutched the beaches of Hawaii. "Sand and crutching, I never would recommend it," she said. Box-Jumping Rock Bottom For a gymnast, wiggling toes would hardly seem to take a conscious effort, but that's exactly what Smith faced when starting rehab. After wiggling her toes, she graduated to bending and straightening her knee, which took her two weeks. She then relearned how to walk. And finally, she started jumping on a box an inch off the ground. It took more than a year before she could run and jump normally, and it's still a challenge for her to jump off her right leg by itself. With the titanium rod functional, life back at UCLA wasn't what Smith had enrolled early for. "My injury took away why I wanted to be there," she said. "I wanted to go to UCLA to do gymnastics, and I wasn't able to do it. In the end, it was not a fun time doing gym." Masking it well, Smith shocked her teammates when she suddenly left UCLA. It was three days -the same amount of time she'd been hospitalized -between her announcing it to her coaches and her leaving for Sierra (Calif.) Community College. "It wasn't just, 'Oh, I'm hurt, I'm going to quit.' I had tried so long to come back and it just was not working, so the passion and drive just left me," Smith said. So she thought. Back in Sacramento, Smith started coaching at her club gym, Byers Gymnastic Center, where she coached the level-7 (out of 10) group. There she saw how much fun the girls were having, how easy it was for them to do skills that months before had come effortlessly to Smith. Curiosity gave way to experimentation, and little by little, Smith's passion flooded back. "I started mentioning to Carl (Moore, my boyfriend) and my parents, 'Wouldn't it be cool if I could start doing gym again?"' But before she could even set foot on a mat, Smith had to get back in gymnastics shape. So she and Moore, a current UF wide receiver, trained in the gym, doing box jumps. "I didn't even act like her boyfriend when we were training," Moore said. "I used to get mad at her, and she'd get mad at me, but at the end of the day, she did everything she had to do to get it done." Some parts of her training sessions with Moore, like benchpressing and doing pull-ups, Smith didn't mind. It wasn't until she worked out her leg that her dread kicked in. "I'd be jump-roping or boxjumping, and I'd have tears coming down my cheeks," Smith said. "There was no boyfriendgirlfriend relationship whatsoever (in the gym). We'd be screaming at each other." Box by box, Smith jumped higher and higher up to a rib-high box. She never missed a box. She credited Moore as the one who got her ready to compete at the college level again -this time as a Gator. Smith 2.0 She remembers the butterflies when she had to do that first tumbling pass on floor exercise in practice after two years -now as a member of the UF gymnastics team. "What if my leg just dies?" She stuck that first pass and has stuck countless ones since. Balance beam, which she never thought she would compete on again, is now part of her repertoire. Though her scores are better than those two meets at UCLA, Smith will tell you she's not a better gymnast because of the injury. She wonders sometimes if she'd taken two more months off, if maybe there would have been some change. What she does know is that her surgery was life-changing. It has given her perspective. "I've been through injuries, I've been through times where gymnastics is not easy," Smith said. Because of her injury, she tries to console teammates, letting them know they aren't the only ones to sustain injuries. UF coach Rhonda Faehn believes the injury has made her a stronger-willed person. "She could have easily said, 'Oh, woe is me, I have a rod in my leg, I shouldn't be doing gymnastics anymore. I'm going to slink off to the side over here,"' Faehn said. "And instead, she's done the exact opposite." In June, it will be three years since Smith's operation. "It doesn't seem like it has been three years," Patty said. "But looking at what she's accomplished, it's just awesome." SAR GUARANTEE Butler Plaza Newberry Square 3-1232 332-3937 Sa# w 24Hr. Access www.Santafe Security storagenet City 373-0004 Climate Control LF AA .IZA Here's an opportunity to STANDOUT in the crowd! To compete in today's job market, you need experience. T Alligator offers students that opportunity for the Summer and ] semesters. As a sales representative, you will gain valuable sa experience managing a territory, learning prospecting skills, at improving communication skills. We offer a flexible schedule [0 fLI"ERFISH minimum of 20 hours per week. SR As a sales intern, you will recieve classroom training designed to ease you into the selling environment while learnii W9sp ~ 7~.L!LMIJ AM 

PAGE 22

Do you struggle with Anxiety? Sarkis Clinical is currently conducting a clinical research study of investigational medication for anxiety. You may qualify to participate if you are between the ages of 18-65 and are suffering with anxiety. Qualified participants may receive: study-related medications study-related examinations compensation for time and travel you Sarkis Clinical Trials receive 611 NW 60th Street THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 U ALLIGATOR, 23 Moody excited about -formation EVAN, from page 21 Florida. His presence just eight hours away will hurt UF's recruiting in the future. "I explained to (my son, Anthony Jr.) the opportunity that Alabama presented, the opportunity to be significant, to accomplish some things that had not been accomplished, to blaze your own trail," Grant said in his press conference earlier in the week. He'll get his chance to blaze a trail with the Tide, but it will take a few years for him to get a program built. The more immediate problem for Donovan and the Gators is the man who did accept the head coaching job in Lexington -former Memphis coach John Calipari. Calipari has never won a national championship, but he's come close recently. The coach won the Conference USA regular-season and tournament titles the last four years (against admittedly weaker competition than in the SEC) and did the same with Massachusetts in the Atlantic 10 Conference for five straight years. Sure, Kentucky is a program on the downturn right now. But Billy Gillispie, whom the Wildcats fired on Friday, was not the right fit. He was an up-and-coming coach from Texas A&M who had never advanced past the Sweet 16 as a head coach. He rose to a major job way too fast, and he burned out under the harsh scrutiny of the Wildcats faithful. Calipari has been there before, however, and his aura in the Bluegrass State spells more immediate problems for UF. Calipari was modest at his press conference in Lexington on Wednesday. "I do not walk on water," Calipari said. "I do not have a magic wand." But he might as well have one. He had the No. 1-rated recruiting class this season at Memphis, but now that he's leaving, several of those players might come with him to Kentucky. And with Jodie Meeks and Patrick Patterson returning next year, the Wildcats should be a lock for the Sweet 16. The SEC was a laughingstock among college basketball fans last season. It was a disgrace of a major conference that had just two teams in the NCAA Tournament. But all that has changed in one weekend. Alabama and Kentucky have made their moves to compete once again in the SEC and on a national scale. Now it's UF's turn to stay relevant. 0 THE RB WAS PART OF A SIMILIAR OFFENSE AT USC. By MIKE McCALL Alligator Staff Writer mmcca ll@alligator org Maybe UF coach Urban Meyer isn't excited about the prospects of the Iformation in Gainesville, but one of his running backs is. Meyer said earlier this week that the I-form may not last long for the Gators due to a lack of depth at tight end and fullback, but running back Emmanuel Moody is enjoying the new package. "It definitely excites me, because it's just another way to get the ball to the running back," Moody said. "I feel like one of the reasons they did it was to give the running backs a head of steam so we can use our vision more." Moody excelled in a pro-style offense as a freshman at Southern Cal and earned Pacific-10 Conference Offensive FreshFootball man of the Year honors, but adapting to the spread wasn't an easy task in his first year at UT. Moody tallied 417 yards and one touchdown on 58 carries last season -still a better yards-per-carry average than he notched at USC -but he was Enea breaks tie with third grand slam of season SOFT, from page 21 With the score tied at 1 in the fifth inning, Enea showed off the power she said Moultrie would develop, blasting her third grand slam of the season to left field and turning a tie game into a rout. "Both Tiffany and Ali had great at-bats before her, and then Francesca saw a good pitch and just hit it really well," Walton said. After back-to-back doubles put the Gators up 1 heading into the bottom of the fourth, Auburn center fielder Lindsey Harrelson tied it up with a leadoff home run off Stephanie Brombacher. Brombacher then gave up a hit and a walk, leading Walton to replace her with Nelson. The senior ace gave up only one hit and struck out three batters in her four innings of relief. Walton mixed up his lineup Wednesday as well. In Game 1, he moved Bruder from right to center and put Sisco in right field. DeFelice started the game as the designated hitter, which Sisco had played in the Gators' last six games. Because of off-season wrist surgery, DeFelice has been in and out of the lineup this year. Walton continued his lineup changes in Game 2. He moved Bruder from the second spot in the order -where she had been hitting since Kim Waleszonia was injured on Feb. 28 -to the fifth spot, putting DeFelice in the two hole. "(DeFelice's) on-base percentage is really high, and I didn't want to give up on an opportunity to drive in more runs," Walton said. "She's a matchup problem because she can do so many things -she can hit and run, she can bunt, she's so good at a lot of different things." Georgia Tech commit drops 19 points, wins MVP OYN TON, from page 21_ The game was expected to feature many highlights, and the players did not wait to get started. An impromptu dunk contest began as the pregame layup line gave way to an assortment of reverse jams and windmills. It didn't take long for an in-game dunk to materialize either, as Avery Bradley Jr., Monday's Powerade Jam Fest winner, electrified the crowd with a two-handed tip-slam 30 seconds into the game. Boynton tried to dunk but failed as the ball slipped through his hands and softly bounced into the hoop. "On that play, I was undecided. (The West's) John Henson jumped and he messed my mind up," Boynton said. The game was sloppy early, with many players turning the ball over and slipping on the sponsor logos. With less than 10 seconds left, the East padded its lead to 113-110 when a Suite C Gainesville, FL 32607 T: (352) 333-0094 Derrick Favors slammed an alley-oop from Lance Stephenson. Mason Plumlee missed a 3-pointer for the West as time expired to give the East the win. Favors was named the game's MVP, scoring 19 points and grabbing eight rebounds in 18 minutes. Favors, an imposing, 6-foot-9, 220-pound forward, abused the rim on four dunks. "Favors had a lot of crazy dunks," Boynton said. "He had a great game. I enjoyed watching him tonight." GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERS 25% OFF any one GNC Product Cannot be combined. Need coupon 3914SWArcherRd Daily Secals 377-602 Exp4/30/09 FUNDRAISING YOGA CLASS Recently, our friends at Peaceful Paths lost their newly acquired building to a devastating fire. It's time to rebuild, and we can all chip in! This will be an afternoon for all levels, and a great way to help our community. [Onctuary./ yoga Saturday, April 4th 2:00-5:00 PM $45 Suggested Donation To Resiter: Email melissaayo g nesville.com or call 352-336-5656 and leave a message to let us know you're coming. never a primary option in the rushing game. He said he's comfortable in the spread now and looking forward to playing more freely, without having to think as much as he did in 2008. But a go-to running back has yet to emerge. Jeff Demps is splitting time between football and track, leaving Moody and Chris Rainey as the main ball-carriers in spring practice. "We're still looking for an everyday back, and we don't have one right now," Meyer said. "Everyday means pass protection, not grabbing his foot every time he gets tackled, and we're not there yet. They're good, we just need an everyday guy." [/' -Are you tense, irritable, worried or on edge? -Do you have trouble sleeping? C:, -Maybe you just can't relax? I pTo find out if qualify or to r more informal please conta tion, ct: i 0 r 

PAGE 23

24, ALLIGATOR U THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 2009 TITANIUM TOUGH Smith overcomes painful shin surgery UF gymnast Maranda Smith performs on floor exercise in the Gators Link to Pink meet against Kentucky in the O'Connell Center on Jan. 30. By EUGENIO TORRENS Alligator Writer Maranda Smith opened her eyes and screamed. Bloody murder. She awoke to find herself in the recovery room at the UCLA Medical Center following a surgery where she had a 20-inch titanium rod inserted into her right shin. "I can't even explain the amount of pain I was in, instantly," Smith said. "Like the second I opened my eyes, I was in tears screaming." The rod, which goes from just below her knee to the top of her ankle along the shin bone, was the result of a shin that's given Smith trouble since she was 13. The UF junior gymnast had suffered stress fractures before, and the remedy was six weeks off, like clockwork, and then a return to gymnastics. There were those stress fractures, with suckit-up pain, and then there was the rod, a new beast that took months to get over. "I had been hurt before, but still nothing like this," Smith said. Burning to be a Bruin Smith graduated high school early to be a Bruins gymnast. The Placerville, Calif., native started at UCLA the first week of January 2006. Everything seemed to be fine until the tumbling pass that fractured her shin. "I felt, like, a really hot, fiery pain in my leg," Smith said. "I didn't think anything of it, just, 'Aw, my shin hurts,' as it normally does." It may have hurt, but she toughed it out. She competed in UCLA's first two meets of the season before the pain became unbearable. "But after the second meet I was like, 'Oh man, something is definitely wrong,"' Smith said. "You could see it on the X-ray, just a big slash in my leg. .(The doctors) were like, 'If you take one wrong landing, your leg can break in half,' so that's why I was just done." She had the dreaded black line on her X-ray, indicating a larger-than-normal stress fracture. Suddenly the biggest question on Smith's mind wasn't where in the lineup she'd compete, it was whether she would ever compete again. "I basically tried talking her into retiring then," said Smith's mother, Patty. "Or even just maybe considering being (an uneven) bar specialist and not going on with the surgery." Even Smith was surprised at the severity of the injury. She figured it was another stress fracture that would heal after a couple of weeks off. So she sat out for a month and had an X-ray. No change. Another month, another X-ray. No change. Another month still, another X-ray. Still no change. Every month from January to June, Smith had an X-ray to see if anything had healed only to find no change whatsoever. She was then presented with three choices: take more time off and hope her shin healed naturally, get the rod put in or quit the sport altogether. So in June, after six months of no healing, she decided to have the surgery. "I hadn't given up on the sport yet," Smith said. "I still really wanted to do it. I'll do anything to compete again, so I chose the surgery route." A Month of Hell "I remember my mom, the day of the surgery, she was like, 'You don't have to get it. Do you realize it's not going to be easy?"' Smith said. "And I was like, 'No, I want to get it, because I want to do gym again. I'm tired of just waiting."' Smith thought it would be a quick fix. She couldn't have been more wrong. "When they talked about putting a titanium rod down her shin, I was speculating it was going to be pretty bad," Patty said. "I don't think she realized how intensive of a surgery it was going to be." Patty remembers the night before the surgery. Staying in a Los Angeles hotel, she spent SEE SMITH, PAGE 22 keep it Auto A/C Starters Alternators Repair/Service Foreign & Domestic Free Electrical Check with purchase AAMAC 378-7676 508 8th Ave. Vegetable Tempura .9.95 Chicken Tempura. 10.95 Chicken Sawamura. 10.95 Shrimp Tempura .11.95 Combination Tempura. 11.95 Chicken and Shrimp. 12.95 Teppanyaka Vegetable. 9.95 Shrimp Teppanyaka.11.95 Scallops Teppanyaka.12.95 Sukiyaki and Chicken .12.95 Sukiyaki Steak. 12.95 Sukiyaki and Shrimp.12.95 1 E32-4 \\/ 1 3th t. GEFL_ 3E5E?3/73-1 C/7E Contact us to become part of the largest and most successful student-run philanthropy in the Southeastern United States and join more than 600 dancers as they stay awake and on their feet for 26.2 hours! MAKE YOUR VOICE HEARD Stbuient Government Cabinet Focus Group WminesiayApril 8 FREE PIZZA! The Roltz Union Hl. 347 Email pr@su.uI.eiu 2:30 i.E. pr simm urn 
