
PAGE 1

L, 6 9 hi 1 .1/ ', -C o Florida Alli University of Florida, Gainesville Florida, Tuesday, April 3, 1917 HAL BE. A S BASE 9 MANAGER, Reason For Action eugnation; No Suc$ gsor Be Elected. 'Rosenthal has resignedl r for the University a baseball team. The Board received his resoin which he stated no for his action, SaturdaN 24th, and accepted it im*isupposed that Mr. Rosenschool work is requiring of his time, that he is to attend to the managerties as well as he would improbable that a new !;ger Will be elected to sueC"*Rosenthal for the rest of ihe J#$w, as few games are schedto be played. Dr. Summers oCoach Wicker will do the inOing until the s e a s o n JEP UNDER TJUR BED"_SAYS OR. CDX, Seep under your bed Friday WSaturday nights," said Dr. ILW. Cox in chapel this mornN"and be sure that there is at Jt oiie visiting high school lete sleeping ON the bed you ft under!" Dr. Cox urged every student Of the University who possibly wuld do so to take care of one Or two of the visiting track athktes who -will be here Friday ad Saturday. The Univ. rsityv will make 3any friends over the State if these high school bix's are Shown a good time. .C. A.GETS $250 IN THIRTY MINUTES. Friday morning, within thirty minutes after he began to talk, during chapel period, to the Students about the poor conditi of Y. M. C. A. finances, H. Vill Nelson, Y. M. C. A. Secrebry, had marked on a blackboaid pledges amounting t o Rore than $250.00. The money is to go towards the Y. M. C. A. cottage at Blue Ridge Conference. Five hun*ed dollars was required of our t. M. C. A. on the first of April, id the treasury only had two hUndred and fifty. By this Friday campaign, the fTnt was swelled sufficiently save the face of the campus SM. C. A. Get bust and nav up those FRESHMAN SMOKER GOOD; MANY PEOPLE PRESENT; MR. NELSON GIVES TALK. Saturday night in Chapel Hall, the Freshman class staged a smoker that was a success from start to finish. Upperclassmen and members of the Columbia baseball team were present in addition to the "rats." s Y. M. C. A. Secretary Nelson spoke to the assembly and told tales of whatbad happened in his college days, how class and' school spirit can be increased, and hoN the Freshman class of this year is making tradition as it goes along. Fritz Hatcher followed Mr. Nelson with a bit of an eulogy on the Senior class and some very well spoken words on the necessity of getting a clear idea of what one's life work is going to be by the end of one's Freshman year in college, if possible. Then a line was formed by the door of the room in back of chanel and ice cream cones, cakes and cigarettes vere passed out. GrUttemeyer and Helms furnished piano and trombone music and it vasn't long before the bos were singing "Cheer For The Orange And Blue" and "Whoop 'Er Up For Florida" in true November style. "The Star Spangled Banner" a n d "America" were played with everyone on their feet and singing, and the party dispersed. FRESHMEN SEND SYMPATHY. At a meeting of the Freshman class last night, a unanimous vote of sympathy for T. 0. Otto, whose father has just died, was taken, and the secretary was instructed to write Mr. Otto a letter of condolence on behalf of the class. U. F.for U. 0so On motion of Dr. Jas. M. Farr, made in chapel this morning, the student-body and faculty of the University of Florida went on record as being fully in favor of the action taken by President Wilson in regard to the German situation, and as pledging their support to him in such action. "Mr. President," said Dr. Farr, addressing Dr. Murphree, "the colleges and universities thruout the country have all expressed themselves concerning the recent acts of President Wilson in regard to Germany. It seems to me that the University of Florida should also make such expression. Therefore, I move that the students and faculty of this University request the President to wire President Wilson that we are heartily in accord with the action he has just taken and that we pledge him our full support in this time of stress." Prolonged applause e greeted the motion. Dr. Murphree put the question. Cheering, the entire chapel assembly rose to its feet, unanimous in the belief that the United States is taking the only course compatible with principles of national honor and safety. ENGINEERING COLLEGE WILL GRADUATE MEN WHO ENLIST IN ARMY. The Faculty of the College of Engineering passed the following motion at a regular meeting at 4:30 P. M., April 3, 1917: "Any Senior, who before finishing his course enters the service of the country on account of the war, shall be recommended to the Board of Control for 'the degree toward which he has been working, provided that up to the time of leaving, his work has been satisfactory. "Any student of lover than senior rank leaving the University for government var service shall be given credit for each course in which his work has been satisfactory." MUCH SPIRIT SHOWN ON CAMPUS; FLAGS FLYING. Flags ar flying from the windows of the dormitories, fraternity houses and boarding places on Ond near the campus today, as a sign that tle six hundred odd 'Gators living here are realizing the intensity of the crisis in w which our nation is at present, and are beiro aroused by the dangers that confront it. Judging from the talk at Alex' Burgess', Miller's -and all over the campus-the sentiment of most of the men here can be summed u p i n the two words, "I'm ready." Horace Zetr)uer was called to his home at Rochelle Saturday morning on account of the death of his grandmother. Harry Wood spent Sunday with parents at Evinston. 'GATORS HAVE GOOD WEEK; WIN FIVE OUT OF SEVEN GAMES HERE AND IN WEST FLORIDA. Florid-a Wins Oniy Once at DeFuniak, But That it is hard to beat the Florida Alligators when they are once started is shown by the results of the games the University nine has played this week. Out of seven mix-ups, the 'Gators triumphed in five, beating Palmer College once, Tallahassee once, and drubbing Columbia College three times in succession at the end of the week. The excitement commenced oa Monday a week ago when Florida went to DeFuniak for a three game series with Palmer College. Palmer ,won the first ---A a t Takes Tallahassee Game And Romps On Columbia Three Times. On their way home the Florida' men stopped off at Tallahassee and took on a local aggregation for one session, winning 7 to 3. Rosenbusch pitched for Florida and was in good shape thruout the game. The team was tendered a dinner at the Governor's mansion, as the guests of the Governor's family. A m o s t pleasant time was reported by every man who attended, and they were unaninious in their appreciation of the kindness shown them. Long, the Columbia twirler, for eight safeties, with the result that at the end of the gan-je the score stood 3 to 0 in Florida's favor. A double-header came off Saturday, which was a walkaway for the Varsity. Caruthers pitched the first of the two games for Florida and showed some excellent stuff, which, combined with the heavy hitting ot his teammates, kept Columbia out of it from the first inning to the last. Score 13-2 Rosenbusch was the hurler in MINSTRELS A SUGm CESS; HOUSE FULL; S HOW__SNAPPY. Show Left For West Florida Saturday; Tallahassee Date Changed. The University Minstrels played to a crowded house at the Baird Theatre Thursday night and made the biggest hit of any of the University shows staged here in the history of campus theatricals. The costumes were natty, th choruses and drills well trained, the songs snappy and new, the orchestra music the best that has been heai-d here for years. From the rise of the curtain to the last selection of the orchestra at the end of the show, the audience proved itself an extremely appieciative one, prolonged applause greeting every act of the performance and many numbers being encored several times. Part First brought out many of the season's song hits, interspersed by numerous jokes and quips between the end men and the interlocutor, A. A. Green. The circle was attired in red and green uniforms, the end men's togs were the patriotic orange and blue, and Mr. Green was resplendent in evening dress of white. Following is the cast of the performance: A. A. Green-Interlocutor END MEN Henry Crawford L. 0. Boynton J. K. Sparkman Ed Wellington Bob Smalley F. 0. Spain MINSTREL MEN B. F. McCall F. M. Morrish W. B. Henderson S. Schull G. R. Copeland F'. 1E. Demerritt Z. J. Stanley 0. S. Robles R. Swanson C. E. Duncan J. Dalton (Contin ted on page 4) MACHINE GUN PRACTICE. Students who are awakened from afternoon naps today by the "rat-tat-tat-tat!"' of machine guns need not be afraid that the Germans are coming, nor vet Villa and his villains; for instead the noise will be produced from one of the "little black spitfires" in the possession of the Gainesville machine gun company. This afternoon at 3 o'clock members of the company will Nc. 2(3 ,I i a Aj A A%-IL4 TV A.----F ator 

PAGE 2

I THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR Printea and published by students of the Uniersity of Florida every Tuesday in their own print shop on the campus. Staff Editor in Chief Managing Editor Assistant Managing Editor Athletic Editor Society Editor Local Editors Exchange Editor Business Manager Assistant Business Manager Circulation Manager Asst. Circulation Manage !AA McALPIN B. K. PANCOAST 8. M. Clarkson NORRIs McELYA PAUL COLLINS C. E. CHILLINGWORTH S. D. PADGETT S. STEIN W. E. STONE W. I. fautcliff S. A. B. WILKINSON L. F. Hunter r Entered as second-class matter, September 28 1912, at ''iepostoffice at Gainesville, Fla., under the Act of N "h 3d. 1879. Place all communications and news items in boxes designated for that purpose in Peabody and Language Halls. RATE-The Florida Alligator, $1.00 The 1917 "Seminole" will be dedica ted to "Our Mothers." This decision was made by the staff a few days ago. Coming at a time like this, it seems very appropriate that this year's annual should be dedicated to Mother. "'The Alligator' is issued by the students of the Florida University at Gainesville. This class of young men can usually not make the American eagle scream loud enough for their satisfaction. We are therefore surprised to see the following editorial squib in the 'Gator. Whether the boys are "right or wrong," it shows that they make use of their think-tanks: "'The Gainesville Sun says that every citizen of the United States should be for her, right or wrong. The arguments put for h are good, but they fail to convince us tha we should get ourselves killed just because some poor pusillanimous, unsophisticated, unpatriotic, demented boob takes it into his head to bulldoze Germany in the name of the whole American people by going for a p e 3ure ride on an English or French boat which he knows Germany must destroy or be wiped out of existence. A man that risks his life certainly has the right to know that he is fighting for a good cause. Even at that it is bad enough.' "-Starke Telegraph. In an editorial favoring the establishment of a State printing plant, The Florida Chief, Winter Haven, states the following: "One of the odd purchases by the State University is a good many dollars for the Gainesville and the Florida Alligator. Another--" The argument has a convincing tone but Bro. Lee was mistaken when he made the above statement, for the University has not a penny in the Alligator plant. It is owned entirely by the student body and since the student body is always changing it is placed in trust to the University. The Alligator represents the toil and labor of the students. True the University has stood back of us else we would not be in existence today. But every cent of money borrowed from the University has been repaid. We do not care to go into a discussion of the advantages or disadvantages of a State owned printing plant further than to say that if it will save the State's money we are for it. It would affect the Alligalor in no way vwhatever. True, we have done a little job printing for the University but more for convenience to our institution than to make money out of it. but we WILL FIGHT for the freedom of the seas to the AMERICA N FLAG. We will fight for that principle of political'equality, that principle of justice and fair play to all mankind, for which our fathers shed their blood. The war of 1812 was fought for the same principle. Germany has been just as surely and savagely trying to tie us hand foot as En gland was at that time. We gave such an account of ourselves then that she has acceeded to our every demand since. We have done all we could to keep out of the war. We have let them kill negroes and fanatics who claimed to be Americans and for which almost any State in Europe would have go ne to war. We, the champions of h umanity, have stood by and seen thousands o f innocent women and children sent to the bottom of the ocean without any warning; we have seen millions of dollars of American capital destroyed without legitimate c iuse. We have protested, entreated, threat ened, anid NOW DEMAND! If Germany will not recognize either the laws of God or man, she must be headed in the right direction by the use of power. Ii is plainly the duty of America to help crush Prussianism. This perverted philosophy has come in contact with the liberty of "The land of the free and the home of the brave." The two doctrines are directly opposite; one must succumb to the otherwhich will it be? We do not need "kultur." America stands for clear-eyed, broad shouldered men who hold their heads high and THINK. Florida has done her part in every undertaking of consequence since her admission to the Union, and she will not fail this time. Red blooded men of our fair State w ii fight until the last drop has been drained before they will allow any country to insult our glorious flag. The University of Florida has gone on record as backing President Wilson which means that they will be the first to enlist. When our country calls we are ready to go. It is said in the simplest form but it means a great deal. We know that many will never return. But if we have served our country a -d c ur God, what else can we hope to accoi lish? TRACK MEET SATURDAY. The young athletes from all parts of the State will arrive in Gainesville Friday to participate in the track meet on Saturday. Tie entire University will be taken over by the high school boys who wvill be housed in the various rooms. It would be well if any of the university boys know any of the high school men if t hey would notify Mr. Grimm, Chairman of the Entertainment Committee, of the fact. In this way it will be possible to make the high school men feel more at home. Please do this at once so as to avoid confusion. At this time it is hard to "dope out" the winners of the meet as there seems to be a large number of good men enlisted. Authorities think that there will be a number of "dark horses" in the meet who are liable to slip in and capture the honors. Several new chools are entered and will be watched with special interest. Much rivalry exists between the Duval and Hillsbrough county teams. Duval won in basketball and claims the championship of the State in that event, while Hillsborough claimed the football supremacy, which was, however, challenged by otther state schools. Next Saturday both schools will be represented and will be supported by strong followers, each fishing to win the deciding contest. I UNITED Shoe Store Two well known Biar.ds CROSSED T University Avenue WILSON The Leading DRY GOODS ST( of East Florida The name of Wilson4 package is a guara value quality and i HAVING HAMPOOING INGEING Come to the FLORIDA BARBER On the Square, West SHOP Side W. S. Dorsey & Co. Every Thing in Groceries For goodness sake DRINK DORSEY'S DELIGHT COFFEE Alachua Co. Abstract Co. B. R.-COLSON PresidenLt EDUCATOR Next to Busy Bazaar ---------. Co. Money to Loan RELIABLE PAWN SHOP 110 West University Avenue one ou Alex Francisco style I RESTAURANT Ice Cream Parlor J. S. BODIFORD&CO., Druggists GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA Prescriptions Called for and Deliveret FREE The Phifer State Bank State, County and City Deposilor Special attention given to tVe Accounts of the TeachEs and Students of:FtheUniversit'of Florida No account too L rge or Small Students Pressing Club HATCHER & BRIGGS, Props. Basement PEABODY HALL I -3[:)1 Exx .x > "CL X 3 Manufacturers of Finest Crystal Ice Cold Storage in Connection GAINESVILLE, --COLD DRINKS C O L L E G E REGULAR MEALS EAGLE BARBER SHOP Invites your patronage -FIRST CLASS WHITE 4 BARBERS -:CLEAN -:SERVICE. Give us a call. y name is "John Seagle," And if you will bring Furniture unto me c!c' FLORIDA IGE CREAM I N N SHORT ORDERS CITY CAFE 211 EAST MAIN ST. SOUT ANDREW CALFOT, Proprietor You to Come and Make Yourself at Home Eyes iT el Glasw --r I I I I. I 

PAGE 3

re don't want to make you homesick if you enjoy home cooking just tr IOLMR'5 bINIMN ROOf EAST MAIN I I Just 50 Feet Off the Square. us -+ 1ais and Trophies ClASS PINb I I urnished on Applicatior S H 0E .Riles CO. H Jacksonville, Fla. Be M-Tow ,.iLH. NORAH ORTON OVELTIES 0 GAINESVILLE E S FLORIDA H 0 E GAINESVILLE FURNITURE CO. FULL LINE VICTROLAS AND RECORDS Come in and hear New Records GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA MIL LRS I 01 El S S 0 ofIusi WUniversity Ave. MARY GIAYTON CONNOR Gainesville, Fla. I)IRE' Tul{ S complete musical education in violin and piano. Pupils have advantage of classes in Science of Music. Sight Singing and Ensamble Work. S E E l. Ti CIL F 0 R 0buu, Stationerv, Toilt-t Articles, Qaniie~q, Cigmr ,wl T')bacco. Watt-man's Pens Let me be Your Tailor SUITS Alteration and Repairing F. Stock Be LILWNDLUM ]HE[ TIRE MAN The Alachua Restaurant and Lunch Room FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Hafi a block from AIitntic Coast Line -Itphone 507 -..Say What FloridaI K. A. DANCE. Another of the popular K. A. informal dances was held Saturday night at the rooms of the chapter, in honor Miss Avril Fowler of Detroit who is visiting Miss Eva Futch in this city. "Fess" and "Boots" furnished m u s i c for the affair. K. A. punch was served. The party, which was a large one, broke up at the stroke of twelve. Everyone said they had a good time, and in spite of the fact that it was then April Fool's day. they meant it. G. R. Copeland sang "There's a Rose in This World For Us All" and put it across very nicely. Ed Wellington had his audience going from the beginning to the end of his comedy song "Pray For The Lights To Go Out." Alf Green, all in white, and radiant against the background of red circle uniforms, sang to perfection "I Love You Best Of A 11."9 All." Without a note of regret in, his voice, Z. J. Stanley sang "I Know I Got More Than My Share." Can't make "Coach" mad. Henry Crawford, in blackface, -as evidently sick of "being vampired," judging from the pathos with which he sang "I'm Done! I Ain't Agoin' To Be A Fool There Was." One of the prettiest numbers on the whole program was "Poor Butterfly", sung in a beautiful tenor by M. G. Feuerhak. Lennard Boynton got away in good style with "If You Don't Want Me, Please Don't Dog Me Around, He got every laugh in the song out of it. The ensemble at the end of the First Part brought the audience to its feet with cheers when during the course of the song "Under One Flag," Old You Please YO UNG FELLOW 10 if ycu buy one E4 Suit we'll bet you your next will be E There is Price's Line manship is as it Style and to Please near perl A CL v. x-Vce $5 to $1 d V. Price. Material inc The workEfect as the World's Best Tai.n:1 t( .f-. a ri t Von.CITYY APRIL SOCIAL EVENTS. The social calendar for April is pretty well filled so far. On the sixth, the Theta Chi fraternity will entertain with a house dance; the day following has been set as the date for an A. T. 0. Dance; on the ninth, Kappa Alpha will hold its annual Easter Ball; and on the tenth will be the Stray Greek formal. The Y. M. C. A. lawn party which was postponed from last Friday will be held sometime this month. Glory was unfurled and held in the spotlight. Between the First Part and the Second, the Treble Clef Club, a Lvcetim feature, which happened to be in Gainesville Thursday, sang a number of pretty selections. Rudolph Lohmyer's orchestra was up to the standard and its selections were very well received. The Sailor Boy Quartet, W. B. Henderson, N. G. Feuerhak, A. A. Green and Z. 1. Stanley, did some excellent harmony singing which included renditions of such favorite songs as "Sailing, Sailing Over the Bounding Main"' and "You re the Hone. That I Love So Well." The U. of F. Gym team was "something new." Several startling acrobatic stunts were pulled oft that wotild have done credit to men more experienced in the game than 'Liza Robles, Jim Sparkman, BoLby Swanson and Lennard Boynton. F. E. D.m 2rritt, in an act entitled "Some Skate," did some remarkable roller skating. Among other things, he set up a row of bottles,(Coca Cola), a foot apart and skated thru them in a' sort of Archimedian spiral. Ask Dr. Keppel; it SEEMED like an Archi median spiral. "Don't leave me Daddy," a a pathetic duet between M. G. Feuerhak in the garb, and apparentlv the skin, of a ""aller gal" and Ed Wellington as al coal black "cullud genemin," brought forth rounds o f a pplause. '"m. J. "Jerry" Knauer literally brought down the house with his number, "A Little& Bit of Drumology." After beating fast and furiously on heaven only k n o w s how many different drums, tin pans, klaxons, and other noise-producing arrangements, he went to the xylophone, and, accompanied by the orchestra, produced some mighty good music. He was encored again and again and made one of the I UNIVERSITY PHARMACY A. ESSLINGER. Proprietor For anything in the DRUG LINE CIGARS STATIONERY The Penslar Store Corn.W.University Ave. and Garden St. Gainesville. Florida For ELECTRICAL SUPPLIES go to Koehier Electric Co. Special Prices to Students PHONE 159 GREENLEAF CROSBY CO. Class Pins and Rings Athletic Medals and Trophies Write for Catalog Jacksonville, Fla. Popular Goods at Popular Prices at BURKHIM'S RELIABLE SEMINOLE SEED CO. Gainesville, Florida MARVINS on the Corner. When you want Hardware BAIRD has it Reach'sFootballGoods Wright & Ditson Tennis Rackets and Athletic Goods Eastman Kodaks and Supplies Reach's Baseball Goods Louisville Slugger Bats all Latest Models Remington U. M. C. and Winchester Ammunition Remingtoa and Automatic Pump Guns Remember we carry as complete a stock as money can buy Wholeslae and Retail Baird Hdw. Co. Phone 7 GAINESVILLE NATIONAL BANK Gainesville, Florida Capital $200,000.00 Surplus and Undivided Profits $25,000.00 We solicit your business I VI p. MINSTREL NOTES L-te 'do ,of $15.00 Otto [IN" The unique, up to date facilities and service, excellent cooking and notable moderation in prices, makes the I I [t. Gaineville I S 

PAGE 4

I Buy from our advertisers. Try a MARVIN'S Special. Bernace Feaster spent Sunday at his home in Micanopy. Sweet Clover Sundae made a MARVINS on the Corner. Raymond Maguire of Orlando was at the University Sunday. Sidney Padgett made a trip to Micanopy Sunday t o v i s i t friends. Robert Westmoreland made a week-end v'sit to his home in Live Oak. W. B. Fluellen of McIntosh was a visitor at the University Saturday. Gordon Epperson and sisters Clara and Lois, came up from Williston Friday to witness the ball game. George C. Oberholtzer made a trip to Ocala Friday, spending the week-end. NEW CLUB ORGANIZED. On March 26th, 1917 the students of the University from the t h r e e farthest-west countie,9 Escambia, Santa Rosa and Okaloosa, organized themselves into a club which was named the W e s t Florida Escasantaloc s i Club. The following officers were elected: Wallace Tervin, Pres.; J. L. Anderson, Vice Pres.; 0. F. Marston, Sec'y; T. R. Robinson, Treas.; H. H. Bushnell, reporter; and G. W. Barrow, Serg't at Arms. The purpose of the club is to promote a better social spirit between the members and to advertise the University in West Florida, thereby increasing the number of students from that section. MINSTREL A SUCCESS; LARGE CROWD PRESENT. (Continued from first page.) W. E. Robinson. M. G. Feuerhak. The Tallahassee date for April 2nd having been moved up to March 31st, the show left Gainesville early Saturday morning. The date in Quincy remains the 3rd; but the Marianna engagement will be played on the 2nd Walter Roberts was suddenly called to South Florida Sunday morning on account o f h i s brother's death. Neal Hainlin was at the University last week greeting old friends while attending the Plant Board Meetings. M. W. Branch is now able to greet the fellows on the campus with his usual smile that has been missed much while he was confined in the infirmary with measles. T. 0. Otto Jr. was called to Jacksonville Friday on account of the serious illness of his father at a hospital there. Word was received from him on Saturday to the effect that his father had died early in the afternoon and that he would accompany the body to Key West, their home, for burial. It is not definitely known whether Otto will be back to finish his year here or not, but his friends are hoping that he will be able to do so. MINSTREL NOTES (Coniinued from n tie 1.) man, W. S. and C. E. Duncan, and G. B. Crane played dreamy Hawaiian music on string instruments about as well as any of 'em. The audience was quieter during theiriselections thanast any time during the show-that is, until M. G. Feuerhak ar d Frank Snain entered the peaceful clearing in the H awaiian forest dressed as Hula Hula maidsno, not DRESSED as H u 1 a maids either,-just simply AS Hula maids, and danced in a most expressive manner to the music of the string quartet. Then three sailor boys from Florida entered-Green, Stanley and Henderson,-followed b y the "Gingerbread Highbrows", Crawford, Dalton, Boynton and Wellington, and the meet was complete. A lot of credit is due Ed Wellington for the show he produced, for it certainly was a rec >rd breaker as far as University records are concerned. Lost: "The Modern High School", text book, by Johnson. The book was left in the library. 'GATORS. WIN SEVEN I FIVE OF Alumni. amire ni aV Ef GAMEn rLAI U.I Who Knows Where They Are? Firs' Game. AB R 40 5 0 5 1 cf .3 0 40 41 31 40 4 0 Money to Loan Uncle Moses [detslioi VOYLE BROTHERS Flashlights and Electrical Supplies D .G C. MIXS,1 DENTIST 2nd. Floor City Office GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA UN1VFER1TV MARKEET P. Y .SMIT", Proprietor Dealer in Fine Meats Good Things to Eat GAINESVILLE : FLORI .A More Money from Purebred Cottonseed There is always a big demand for the best grades of Cotton Lint. Use the best purebred seed for planting, since it is just as easy and twice as profitable to feed a purebred Cotton Plant as it is to feed a low-grade Lint Producer. Don't forget that Nitrate doubles the yield of both Cottonseed and Lint. Grow more Corn and-other crops, but select your seed for all with the greatest care. If you grow a longer staple you will get a longer price for your Cotton. Send tost card for free literature WILLIAM S. MYERS, Director 25 Madison Avenue, Now Ym* seeee#.O.eec*e@o@@O@I I I I S H O ES South Side of Square DR.G B. TISON D.D.S Over Millers Ride in the Florida. Rood, ss Rogers, 2b Wood, If Blankenburg, Whitfield, lb McCallum, rf Dagg, 3b Farrior, c Wilson, p Do Business with The Florida National Bank The New Mi//ion Dollar Bank' We do first clas DRY CLE ANING at reasonable prices THE ARAGON HOTEL SAYS They are Headquarters for the Students and Faculty of the University of Florida. It is a pleasure to entertain these gentlemen, and we want you to always make the ARAGON your home while in Jacksonville. Ycu will certainly feel at home in the ARAGON A. H. A. LANGHORNE, Mgr. W. JOHNSON, Asst. Mgr. ---0-W0-mqlOm-W f I THE LYRIC THEATRE H 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 PO 1 1 0 2 11 0 2 10 0 Total. Columbia. Canova, lb Henderson, ss.3 Blitch, 3b.4 Swain, rf.4 Walden, 2b. 3 Bartley, J. G., c ..3 Futch, If. .3 Reddick, cf.3 Long, p .3 Total.28 Summary: Sacrifice A E 2 0 3 1 00 00 0 0 3 0 1 0 3 0 12 1 A E 2 0 2 1 2 1 00 10 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 3 8 6 (Continued from first page) .36 3 8 27 B R 0 0 0 0 H 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 PO 7 0 2 0 2 8 3 2 0 0 2 24 I hits, Dagg and Henderson; two-base hits, Whitfield; bases on balls, Wilson 1, Long 4; struck out by Wilson 8, Long 7; double plays, Long to Henderson to Canova. Umpire, Buie. Second Game. Florida. AB R Rood,ss.5 2 Rogers, 2b .2 1 Wood, if .3 1 Blankenburg, cf .4 0 Whitfield, lb .4 2 Wilson, rf. 3 0 Dagg, 3b.3 1 Davis, c.4 3 Caruthers, p.2 3 H 2 0 1 2 2 PO A E 0 4 1 3 3 4 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 4 2 1 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 Total. ..30 13 9 21 9 3 Columbia. AB Canova, lb.1 Henderson, ss.4 Blitch, 3b.4 Walden, 2b.3 Bartley, J. G., c .3 Futch, If .4 Reddick, cf.4 Bartley, p.2 Long, rf. .3 Total Summary: .28 Sacrifice R H 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 2 7 hits, Game. AB R .2 .0 .4 1 .3 0 .3 1 ..2 1 PO 3 2 0 1 7 1 4 0 0 A 1 1 1 1 0 2 0 E 0 5 0 2 1 1 0 0 18 7 9 Rogers, Wood, Walden; two-base hits, Whitfield, Rood, Davis 2, Caruthers; stolen bases, Blitch; struck out by Caruthers 6, by Bartley 4; bases on balls, Caruthers 3, Bartley 4; Cuscaden. Third Florida. hood, ss Rogers, 2b. Wood, If Blankenburg, cf Whitfield, lb Wilson, rf. Dagg, 3b Farrior, c Rosenbusch, p Total. Columbia. Canova, lb. Henderson, ss Blitch, 3b. Swain, p. Walden, 2b Futch, If. Bartley, J. G., c Reddick, cf. Bartley, rf umpires, Buie and H 2 1 1 PO A E 9 1 0 4 1 3 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 1 1 0 .30 8 9 21 7 4 AB R 3 0 .3 0 3 0 .3 0 .3 0 .2 0 H 0 1 1 0 PO 5 3 0 0 3 1 4 1 1 A 1 2 1 3 0 0 0 0 E 0 2 0 0 2 Total. .25 1 2 18 7 7 Summary: Sacrifice hits, Dagg; two-base hits, Farrior; Stolen bases, Blankenburg 2, Rood; Struck out by. Rosenbusch 3, by Swain 4; bases on balls off Rosenbusch 2, Swain 0; hit by pitcher, Rosenbusch. IT DID. "Be she went, or ams gone? she z Evans. R. J., '06. Earman, J, B., '08. Elliott, W. Y., '13. Fisher, C. M., '08. Fields, W. P., '12. Finley, J. J., '89. Fennell, J. A., '00 Garvin, R. H., '88. Gillen, Pratt, '98. Geiger, A. S., '05. Green, F., '11 Godwin, J. L. '13 Gracy, B. B., Jr.,'15. Giddings, Horace, '91. Haile, Lidney, '87. Hudson, R. M.,'89. Hillyer, W. C., '90. Herring, J. A., '01. Hyde, J. M., '03. Hardee, L. P. '10. Helm, Roy, '10. Hilton, W. B, '11. Hunter, J. P., '11. Harrison, W. T., '12. Henderson, C. W. '13. Hill, F. W. L., '14. (To be Continued.) Try a Sunshine Sundae, sorre thing fine. MARVINS Here and There Al .2 UNIVERSITY BUS It makes Schedule Time Prints Everything Send il to him Marable's Studio Over Miller's North Side Square Let us do your Kodak Finishing Lumber, Dressed Stock and Moulding GAIN[SVILLE PLANING AND COMEIN COMPANY LEO H. WILSON Agent for The CHAS. H. ELLIOTT CO, Unusal creations in "Engraving" and Printing J XV. McCollum & Co DRU661STS Corner East Main and Union Street AkAftmgb 0 I p -t 
