
PAGE 1

COntrtigWrftr The message more than 50 daestudents had for UP = nt Charles Young on "was simple: "We want Hoping Young would hear their shouting, students attended the Graduate Assistants United health benefitsrally on the Plaza of Americas, just down the road from the president's office, toraise awareness ofthe lack of health insurance for Agraduate assistants. Frank, Goeddeke, GAU copeidenr and coriaOf ahi ll;said the-unionkeep *n but continuouslyhas He said tea assistants have a of the same duties as tenuredpofessors -they tahdaMsO uean rde papMs yet don't receive the same be -fts 'You deserve what. youpt and,:yOu.. deserve more, said. to the crowd. "We sould standtogether un-, til we ge It, Goeddeke told the crowd he' expect an offer fromthe I n ne Plw but so farnothas been broulto the tableand thetwo e are at Impasse. One member of the crowd, Spanish teaching assistant Henri Blanc, saiteahn assistants have been 0otiating.fOr years andtheresti arenosigns Of progress. Blant who teaches two ungadu te dames sig s on Ofth&stUdetUt luck enough to have in-y surance, however, he pays hImefk"andSWcann"ot s4I coverage. "It's not just -one small group," he said of those who would benefit "It'silofus." .Goeddeke said on-camus spotforccthe uinsgasis. overwhelmin however, he said'he blames th d nitration for the standsti "It looks like everyone on campus but President Young wants us to have health benefits,; he said. Young said it would be inap-. popriate for him to comment. Goeddeke said GAU has been, told different reasons why-benefit Are. not being. made available. He said rigt now. thed i ion says it's because of budget cuts, but in the past they have been told it was illegal. "WVe get theselame mxuses over and over,"v he said. UPFaculty Senate cairman. RichardBig drse h crowd to s-yif studet and faculty,. ohedr, heis a bettrcac of receiving oHe sadidierforUPto reach its goal of d ob-d better 2Wezs Gth vi f: grduestudents -must'be "You're the bandt And the: feet, the heat and soul of UPto. seachl&"Brig said to tbg crVowd Jonathan ReiskId, president oifthel UF'sUnled Amculty of Florida said witou offering benelits here is no way thoe university will be as cowpetitive whenrcrifting ra4uste,O'o*_beco-me a ui1ge Pr. aterparody uF senior Rob Tobias prepares tor'heal" Ryrin M Bishop, JenniferKorns'and S n Parodies" event Monday, fternoonon TurkI io Po r-o-Qilt~wjt ig haseighi men fora spot in Gaw g6vernukent astoda or Districts IZan months of forums 

PAGE 2

2, ALUGAT TUESDAY APRIL 2 2002 F5OTVfTfT.TA O v j T$.TqA Il(T',r.rT WW2g1oto 2 p.m. & 8 p.m. Performance -The UF Department of Theatre & Dance presents "Man of La Mancha" at the Constans Theatre. Tickets available at the University Box Office, Phillips Center Box Office or Ticketmaster. 7 p.m. -Fashion Show -As part of VISA International Month "A Portrait of Our World, Painted by Many People," VISA is hosting a fashion show in the Reitz Union Ballroom. Quote of the Day "Be yourself, be pleasant, play hard and have no regrets." -Jimmy Buffett TODAY .83/59 WEDNESDAY 83/57 THURSDAY 79/53 ACROSS THE STATE Attorney General urges Bush to veto phone bill TALLAHASSEE (AP) -Attorney General Bob Butterworth on Monday joined a growing chorus calling for Gov. Jeb Bush to veto a bill that would increase telephone rates. Butterworth said the measure would be particularly troublesome for those on fixed incomes. "It is nothing but bad news for millions of Florida consumers," Butterworth said. The bill passed the House 103-12 and the Senate 26-9, and a spokeswoman said Monday that the governor's office, has yet to receive the bill. Bill supporters, however, said it would increase competition in the local market and ultimately benefit customers. By allowing local phone service companies to raise their rates, they then would be required to reduce the amount they charge long distance carriers for access to phone lines. The long distance companies would then, in turn, pass savings along to customers in lower long distance rates. The idea is that more expensive local service would be offset by cheaper long distance. AROUND THE NATION Coca-Cola developing vanilla version of classic ATLANTA (AP) -Coca-Cola is reportedly developing a vanilla-flavored version of its best-selling flagship cola, extending the company's palette of flavorings. from Cherry Coke and Diet Coke with lemon. The nation's largest soft drink company has.prepared samples of packaging for the new drink, which wilbe sold initially only in North America, according to Beverage Digest. Coke officials declined to comment on the report. "It' is not yet an absolute certainty, but I think it's very likely that they'll launch a line extension of Coke Classic,"-Beverage Digest editor John Sicher said Monday. "It's become very clear in the last year or two that new products and innovation are an important component of marketing and drives growth." Regardless of how it might taste, vanilla offers Coke Classic something its managers have been hunting fervently the past few years -buzz. But don't expect to see a vanilla-flavored Pepsi anytime soon. Cynthia Wallw I UF freshmen Bethany Edwards, left, Jessica Blaylock Adrienne Moore, right, come out of the water after ge their hair and faces wet in the Broward Pool on Mondal ternoon. The Alligatorstrives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. !f youfindco ror, please call the editor at 376-4458 or send on e-mail to editor@alligator.org. -volume 95 ISSN 0889-2423 number 127 the independefitflorida t agator Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published-by Campus Communications.Inc., of Gainesville, Fla. Newsroom 376-4458 Fax: 3764467 Editor ............................................. Jenny L. Allen Managing Editor / Print ........................Kristen Moczynski Managing Editor / New Media.......................Jennifer Falor News Editors .... Joe Black, Cortney Blits, Kimberly Lopez. Seth Traub Tallahassee Bureau Chief.........................Diana Moskovitz Sports Editor ....................................... Jeff Darlington Detours Editor ....................................... Jason Brown Photo Editor ....................................... Steven McAlpin News Copy Desk Chiefs..........Heather Leslie, Katherine McFarland Sports Copy Desk Chief ............................. Julie Halladay Copy Editors ........ Robyn Benkendor, Jamie Braun, Angel Dieguez, ......... : ..Emily Engel, Jen Falor, Jessica Ferguson, Alissa Fischetti, .................... Lee HendricksaJennifer Land, Jonathan Lorenzo, ........................Jenny Oberhaus, Aime Palmer, Lance Wills Alligator Online E-mail ..... ..................................... letters 0 alligator. org W eb ........................................ http://www.alligator.org Display Advertising Voice: (352) 376-4482 Fax: (352) 376-4556 Advertising Director ..................................... Brad Smith bsmith @alligator.org Advertising Office Secretary ............................... Lisa Akly Advertising Office Assistants.............Rachel Kim, Sussy Vasquez Classified Advertising Voice: (352) 373-FIND Fax: (352) 376-4556 Classified Advertising Manager ............................ Ellen Light ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks..................... Julia Farkas, Meegan Owen, ........................... ........... Leah Zissimopulos, Jen Stetts Sales Representatives Pauli Horovitz Barbara Cole Stephanie Camargo Peter Harter Keia Mastrianni Krsten Dorries Billy Custer Amy Vance Nicole Shults Laura Covejoy Quyen Vo Intern Coordinator ..................................... Barbara Cole Salas Devlooment Coordinator .................... Jennifer Handline Circulation Operations Manager................................ Scott McKearnan -s.-t.e.. ..... : .satOf org .~~e~r0.5lwtS. ....... ........ .......... Jason Dugan Assistant Online Editor ............................... Stephen Link Online Staff .... Trey Csar, Andrew Diec, Michael Lee, Brandon McCoy Freelance Editor .............................. Kimberly Anne Lopez off center Editor .................... .........Cortney Blits Editorial Board ............................. Jason Brown, Mark Ward Assistant Sports Editor .'............David Fox Assistant Detours Editor ..................Marc Weinroth Assistant Photo Editors..............Melissa Heatherly, Tristan Maher Art Director,...................................... ..... R.J. Reed Tipoff Designer ........ ........Cortney Blits Research Librarian ................................... Anne Vickey Staff ......... ............Cameron Ackroyd, Sarah Anderson, .............Joel Kaiman, Bart O'Connell, Teresa Wood Photo Staff...........................Jordan Fischer, Jen Sens Business. Voice: (352) 376-4446 Fax: (352) 376-4556 Com ptroller .................. ....................... Delia Kradolfer dkradolfer alligator.org Bookkeeper........................................ Jeff Bloodsworth Accounting Clerks.............................Paula Richards Student Accounting Clerks:.............Shahab Nabavi, Sandra Joa, ................ ................................... ..Justin Fitzdam Administration Voice: (352) 3764446 Fax: (352) 376-4556 General Manager ....................................... C.E. Barber cebarberO alligator.org Assistant General Manager. .-.................... ..... Patricia Carey tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Manager....... .................... Stacey Ledvina sledvina@ alligator.org Administrative.Assistant......................... Lenora McGowan Imcgowan @alligator.org • Administrative Clerk ...................................... Ali Cahill Production Production Manager ........................... Monette A. Helgeson mmhelgeson 0 alligator.org Assistant Production Manager ...................... Wendy Goldsmith Advertising Production Supervisor ................... Christa Luckhurst Assistant Advertising Production Supervisors...........Sarah Dixon ....................... ............................C hristina W ood Editorial Production Supervisor ........................... Amy Hylton Assistant Editorial Production Supervisor .............. Katie Haberman "'isau enesp pWUrv the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, a lax-exempt, Florida I"-gllli S k Wcp.-W 147, Gainesville, FL 32604-2257. The Afhgatoris published Monday through Friday mornings, except during -i,. t 0in*,.O M Wdst Aaor lspublished Tuesday and Thursday moorings. rho Aij. 4okpio ofAmW a, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. t -Se•esl"(Fall or Spring) ....... $15 Summer Semester............ $8 T .'Semee.ers(Fall and Spring) ..... $29 Full Year (All Semesters). $35 The AU0mil J : '"W WO S t116W Untlverait Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.'m. to 4p.m. Monday S ao can Owpdat the UF Bookstores at the Hub. 0 Copyright 2001. All rights reserved. No portion l;iny mema i without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc. free cc Advertise in the Graduation 2002 special edition and thank over 6,000 graduating UF seniors for their support, or advertise graduation gifts, products or services suitable for the graduate. Jewelry Restaura Car Dea e Auto Re Car Cart Booksto Framing Clothing Photo S Florists Luggage Electron Travel ants lerships pair e )res Stores g Stores upplies tics Deadline: April 3 Run Date: April 9 atagatr IN BRIEF -V%.FIAIFIO %Wf .-. ----------------------------- 

PAGE 3

I of th but' MfI. F& Pkft Danny Rolling pleaded guilty in 1994 to five murders, three counts of battery and three'armed robberies before being sentenced to death. He will appeal to the Florida Supreme Court today. navoe ~e ae he worst in the cty'5hstry In 1994, Danny Rolling, 47,' pleadedgulty to -the ..five murders, three counts of battery and three armed robberies before being sentenced to death. Today he will appeal to the state's highest court "Ifever saying his l a w y e r acasel should have the deat moved his was app sentencing it's Dann out of .it's a Gainesville "'" He wi where emobe ren, tions were so for the I high. inflict "Rolling's lawyers were seriously deR ficient for failing to take very simple but -necessary steps to ensure that their client was not tried in a hostile venue," briefs state. "All the evidence shows that defense counsel knew that a vast majority of the potential jurors, with good reason, despised Rolling." Rolling's lawyer Baya Harrison will request the court to call for a new sentencing phase. State Sen. Rod Smith, D-Alachua, the state attorney who prosecuted the original case, said Rollings biggest challenge will e convincing a judge that he th fol th pr ny ill er ho te The decision of Circuit Judge Stan Morris was-well grounded and should be upheld, Smith said., Morris, who -sentenced Rolling to death, denied a request for a new sentencing. But Rolling's appeal to the Florida S u p r e m e iere was -Court, reir which hashing the penalty details of the ropriate crimes, may V Rolling bring some Gainesville I always residents to mnbered believe he horror he will be left ed. off. Smith od Smith tlts senator said. "I help about age peo would can't think what these ~e to-~ day if it weren't for Danny Rolling," Smith said. "If ever there was a case for which the death penalty was appropriate it's Danny Rolling." While Smith is "cautiously optimistic" that the initial ruling will stand, he said the years of appeals bring doubts to many about the legal system. "Rolling holds a special place of infamyIn the community, Smith said., "He will :blays be, remembered for the horror he inflicted." i'A AfEmift su UF Student oemMwUvtb incentives encurag 96o commissn m election for Dsa 'SG officials said It wo~*d fiu iad phone calls and, wdno-southa"v students involved. The increase instUdt Politicala a less direc aprach,. StudentL Natalie Hanan sa OutgOiWgtdent Body fteesit 1 students haUve become-more aware 0 MThey ateBowdcitizeniss and tihs, centives to get invovedhe aid Hanansald studentmetionto"ad nexatlon issues and-the proposed cials is a reflection of he.ightenedsm ment in Gainesvillepoltis. And thougiSGdd nottry to conob nesses to donate a and ee dr student involvement, as it did w4t this does not mean this el she said. "Any race.affects students "%d Mai lot of student issues Ike towing wed issues." Hanan saidS(dprovidedOwuaintk in 2000 because the issues.vt. f such as the anti-raveor bAd4 on students.. Although the 31st Precinct, which District.3 votes, costs ofalars tion,lit is not large enough to ipoW or a lot of resources that o* nlympi students," she said.. Alachua CountyuOC Hill saidthe 31st Pftcit makes up 15 percent of Hanan said: each electicei K& t proach in getting students InvW2*w mWe're not putting less Just do some PowelL luu. pop-40A 

PAGE 4

* 1.~' S • Di~iht3. Jack Donovan Age: 57 Profession: Unitarian minister Platform: Development of the sociall fabric" of the city, citing community organization and environmental sustainability as priorities to improve quality of life Endorsements: Human Rights Action aster's degree student missioner a balance between development and Id be the aim of the years Club, Women for dzensfor Balanced ristrator rights and priority Service lorida Itors Ton Domenech Age: 5 Profession: Retired teacher Platform: Building codes have been too strict for too long, scaring away businesses that might otherwise have brought jobs to Gainesville Endorsements: Alachua County Sheriff Steve Oelrich and the UF College Republicans Mark Goldstein Age: 63 Profession: Mammatech Corp. chairman of the board Platform: Standing up to developers who are rapidly changing the urban landscape. Keeping the city friendly to bikers, pedestrians and bus riders Endorsements: Sierra Club, the Solar Energy Club and the League of Conservation Voters Alex Paton Age: 30 Profession: Sales representative for .CableRep Platform: Changing the way negligent landlords are penalized dorsements: The GainesvilleSun, UF ee Democrats, Fraternal'Orler olf ., Citizens for Balanced entGainesville Association 6f dthe.6ainesvilecapter of Organizationfor Won : • • .i•., 

PAGE 5

AOE. 48 aw -6 ft 4 V rb Doi gu IAP IT, IL nil 6-4 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 2002 independent florida alligaor Founded in 1906 Independent since 1973 We Inform. You Decide. Jenny L. Allen Editor Jason Brown Mark Ward Editorial Board EDITORIALS Survey says If Florida voters have shown anything the past few years, they have shown their complete lack of ability to do anything correctly. The latest poll conducted by The St. Petersburg Times and The Miami Herald proves that. Some of the results of the survey are staggering. They point to a troubling lack of information or logical thought on the part of the state's voters when it comes to the gubernatorial candidates. Even though a majority of the state's voters claim to be unhappy with the way Gov. Jeb Bush has handled education and public schools, with 56 percent of voters in favor of a system similar to the now-defunct Board of Regents and 53 percent being against school vouchers -exactly the opposite of two of Bush's biggest education initiatives -56 percent of voters think he's doing a good job, and he holds a comfortable lead against his two main competitors, Janet Reno and Bill McBride. What's even more unusual is -although more than half the people polled don't even know who McBride is -he does almost as well against Bush as Reno does. Bush leads Reno 54 to 37 percent and leads McBride 55 to 34 percent. Incidentally, Reno leads McBride in the Democratic primary, 48 to 18 percent. So, let's crunch all these numbers. People love Jeb, even though they hate what he has done with education and disagree with his ideas concerning the Board of Regents and school vouchers. We find that odd, seeing as the poll also stated Florida's voters have listed education as their top hot-button election issue, going as far as showing their willingness to have their taxes raised in order to help improve schools. Plus, even though the people don't know who McBride is and said they rather vote for Reno in the Democratic primary, both of them would go down in roughly the same amount of flames if they tried to challenge Bush who, regardless of his horrible track record with the issue Florida voters care the most about, is sitting pretty. There's an old saying -the numbers never lie. If that's true, Florida's voters need to get more informed and start thinking more clearly in concerns to this election. Express yourself A 14-year-old Hillsborough boy recently was held down by two people while they shaved off his afro. Disturbing, right? It gets better. The two people responsible for this act were teachers at the middle school he attends. He said the two came in and told him he needed a haircut. He disagreed. They didn't care. Needless to say, the boy's mother has retained the services of a lawyer to look into the matter. While this episode is a bit extreme, it does point to a larger problem -the court-mandated violation of people's right to free expression by schools across the country. Courts nationwide have given schools free reign to regulate how their students dress and style their hair, hiding behind the premise that it improves discipline and learning. The very idea that someone's afro could serve as some kind of impediment to learning is so ridiculous it's funny. The thought that cutting someone's afro off or making someone take the pink or red or green streaks out of their hair will make them less of a threat to schoolwide discipline is preposterous. Surely, with the abysmal quality of schools in this country, there are better things to worry about than the color of little Suzy's hair. The ALLIGATOR encourages comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 words (about one letter-sized page). They must be typed, double-spaced and must include the author's name, classification and phone number. Names will be withheld if the writer shows just cause. We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, style and libel. Send letters to letters@alligator.orbing them to 1105W.I University Ave., or send them to P.O. Box 14257, i e FLe K32604-2257. Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial rons are also welcome. Questions? Call 376-4458. j C A F GUEST COLUMN Pesach suicide bombing ironic (U-WIRE) ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -I spent last Wednesday, the first night of Pesach, with my brother's family and friends, It was a quiet Seder, with children playing in the background while we retold the story of the exodus from Egypt. As I listened to and spoke the words calling for freedom for all people, I wondered why Israel, the Jewish state, can't put that prayer into practice when it comes to Palestinians. The next morning, I read the paper. Suicide bomber, Pesach Seder at a Netanya hotel, more people dead. Oh, the irony -killing people in the name of liberation, while they are gathered to celebrate liberation. A great strategy, if your goal is to get as many Jews as pissed off as you possibly can. Maybe the bomber thought his self-sacrifice might scare the Israeli government into pulling out of the occupied territories. It would have been a misguided belief, but a possible one. Maybe he was just pissed off enough to think it worthwhile to sacrifice his life for revenge. So now the Israeli government is pissed off. Well -more pissed off. And they're invading Ramallah and other parts of the occupied territories, killing more Palestinians. And clearly that was a great idea, too. It totally stopped two more people from blowing themselves up to kill more Israelis on Sunday. But logic doesn't seem to have much to do with the cycle of retaliation that has been a factor throughout the history of the state of Israel. In Israel, Jews live with the fear that the next time they go out to eat or get on a bus or walk down the street, a bomb will go off and make it their last time to do so. In the occupied territories, Palestinians live with the fear that Israeli soldiers will show up on their sloorstep or stray artillery will find its way into their homes. The views expressed here are not When people are in breathing all that fear supporting terrorists or soldiers who happen to be on "our" side doesn't seem like a bad idea. Meanwhile, some continue to resist the vio, lence on both sides. The number of refuseniks Israeli soldiers who refuse to serve in the occupied territories on ethical grounds -is on the rise, up to 383 as of Sunday afternoon. Foreign peace activists in the occupied territories are risking their lives to act as human shields in Palestinian communities and in Yasser Arafat's compound in Ramallah. The Foreign Press Association is protesting Israel's attempt to keep the press out of Ramallah. SARI KROSINSKY U-WIRE One of the earliest things I remember reading in a Haggadah -the book used for Pesach Seders -is "None of us are free until we are all free." Even in the heart of fegr, some still remember the spirit of the exodus. Some still remember to care for the strangers in our land because we too were once strangers in a foreign land. Someone was telling me the other day about an interview they saw, done with two random, run of the mill people. One was Israeli. The other was Palestinian. After they were each interviewed separately, they were then brought together and discovered that they got along pretty well and agreed on a number of things. At the end, the interviewer said that if the peace negotiations were left up to these guys, a deal would be hammered out by the end of the week. Sari Krosinsky is a student at the University of New Mexico. This column first ran in the Daily Lobo. necessarily those of the Alligator. YOUR OPINION WEDNESDAY'S QIU EST I ON TODAY'SC Should the U.S. get involved in the conflict between Should Gov. Jeb Israel and Palestine? YES NO 27% )3% 158 total votes Governo UESTION ,Bush be reelected as r of Florida? To cast your vote, log on to www.alligator.org. Look for the results of this poll in Friday's Alligator. 

PAGE 7

4" -it WV) Art can never b accurately defined Editor.. In a beautiful disply of irony, Dael Priest answers his own question his MQndayletter to the Alhtator titled "Student art piece failed to impres,". He asks how egotistical can one person be? Well, not much more egotistical than one claiming to know exactly what is and isn't art. Apparently, Priest has insight that has eluded scholars and philosophers for centuries. Honestly, how can one define art? Its lack of definition is one of its most defining characteristics. I'm not saying Priest had to enjoy Richard Jacques' piece. Truthfully, it didn't grab me either. Regardless, I do see it as art, good or bad. Either way, it is Still art Only ask thetfs respct. -the itf oti6us aturi of art. Hesays that Jacques' work disgraces other artists who"create somethig Art isnt about creating a physical object. That is secondary.To say that is to saymusicians .are not artists. That idea, I'm sure, many would contest. Also, if Priest is going to continue his stance as the definitive art critic, I hope he learns some better ways to express his disdain other than calling it crap and the artist a moron. Maybe it is just me, but those are two approaches that act more to lessen his argument than support it. Jon Simon Suarez 3LS only the t d tWe'd liitothank the Alligtorfor the continued cover-age of. Student: Government elections at SPCC The elections have drawn arecord number of students this year, and hopefully those numbers will increase even more during the runoff today and Wednesday., We thank the Alligatorfor giving our student government more of a face, which is the basis of our party platform. We look forwardto continuous coverage of SFCC Student Government activities and hope coverage of the school as a whole will continue to grow. Our party Wishes to promote awareness of college events, not kMofAr iated, and. hope itcon-' tinues to incra-se. Thankyoui nand welook forward to working more dosely with the Afator if elected. Chantel Wilson Kevin Love Aleksa a Nesic Leon Pierce SFCC Action Party All viewpoints should be heard Editor: monday's front page story concerning the Middle East, "Israel plagued with more suicide bombings," contained various quotes from GatorPac members and a campus Rabbi on their feelings of the recent violence in that region. lug of newt There is, a'n9 pose is to raise awarenew' the. Middle East and Paleqftse, yet no one bothered to ask their feelings on the fact that the elected President of Palestine is barricaded in room with no electricity or water, while the building he is in is being, showered with bullets. The purpose of news is to inform the general public without bias, and Mondays story did not accomplish that whatsoever. Natasha Chida iLs [S tllt Im gey.lo a os itini0 0 ytem3.iita Ma pi0 UF Geomatics G 'A TI C Undecided about your future? Consider a professional career in the rapidly growing field of Geomatics. Offered at the University of Florida, Contact Dr. Bon Dewitt, b Program Director at 304 Reed Laboratory (Adjacent to Journalism Bldg. & behind Weil Hall). Ph: 392-9492. Email: geomatics@ce.ufl.edu www.surv.ufl.edu Air FOrce Nursing offers the best of everything. To request additional information, call 1800423USAF or visit alrt'orce.con. cROSS INTO THE BLUE Have fun, make a difference: Camps Greylock & Romaca seek caring, energetic counselors and coaches. Co-ed staff, competitive salaries and room & board. Internships are available. Located in the Berkshire mountains of Massachusetts, 2.5 hours from Boston and NYC. Archery, Baseball, Basketball, Climbing wall, Creative Arts, Drama, Football, Golf, Gymnastics, Hiking, In-Line Hockey, Lacrosse, Mountain Biking, Sailing, Soccer, Softball, Swimming, Tennis, Volleyball, Waterskiing, plus Nursing and Administrative Positions. Beautiful waterfront campus, Outstanding group of people, Very rewarding summer. Camp Greylock for Boys -800-842-5214 "www.campgreyiockcom Camp Romaca for Girls 888-2-romaca www.campromaca.com Whtareyou doing this summed I n4214 A mtv -aw U _________________ A. Wellnessls the hlghestquafltyofflfe poslbe. LivMng "Helping studnts explore andcreate I a welness Iffstle" wo.wt irfax fr I" ,sdm Wn' yo'Med bjy .• ......,.. • o : i!:i:i!!i 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 2002 ignite, Swamp, candidates seek topSen senitaSwa prcafrom the all. ouldgoShhpe16dtj By Sarah Anderson hopes senators won't vote for or against senators f tF u d igo. Se h es's Alligator StaffWriter him because of party influences. James said she hopes to unify the dichSenate'sheCampus Cl _C.. ,, a m,,t thrnouh volunteer work. w said has o sanderson@alligator.org In the first meeting of Student Government's new legislative body tonight, senators will decide who they want to lead them for the next term. The Ignite and Swamp parties both have named their candidates for Senate president and president pro tempore. The president pro tempore, the chamber's second-in-command, runs the Replacement and Agenda Committee, which sets Senate meetings and makes recommendations for appointments. The president runs the meetings and serves as Senate spokesman. Although Swamp controls the Senate by a narrow margin, Swamp Senate presidential candidate Robby Jones said he "I surely hope they listen to our speeches and what other people have to say about us," he said. "I hope -they will not be influenced by outside sources." Ignite's candidate, Kim James, said she believes some senators will vote strictly along party lines, but she, too, hopes senators will look at the individual candidates instead of the party affiliations. "I want them to see what I've done, and hopefully they'll come aboard," said James, who served as president pro tempore this semester. "I feel the senators are very ethical, and the will look beyond party lines and see who's better qualified." Swamp took 20 seats in the Spring election, while Ignite took 19. Neither side could say which way the 40 Fusion Party By "fighting for a greater cause -such as an adopted charity -James said the senators would show they can do more than argue in Senate chambers. Jones said he would like to sit down with party leaders to discuss ways to overcome partisan differences. "We can't afford to be split down party lines, or our main goal of serving the students is lost," he said. Jones said he also wants to make SG more accessible by updating the SG Web site. He said he also hopes to add e-mail links to the site so students can better contact their representatives. James wants to focus on diversity, one of Ignite's main platform issues. partiCularly tate o itten off track Swamp also is putting forward Hooker for the position of presided tempore. Ignite is running LaQuitaS11 I think LaQuita has shown a great record of running a committee," Stu Body Treasurer-elect Kyle Jones said Smith's work on the Rules and Etj Committee. Robby Jones said he a Hooker have many similarities that them attractive candidates. He said they both look beyond party filiations and concentrate on serving t students. "I thinkJohn's most endearing quality i that he wants what's best for the students," Robby Jones said. "That's the overall theme between the two of us." Legislature By Diana Moskovitz Alligator Staff Writer dmoskovitz@alligator.org TALLAHASSEE -Granting universities the powers they have been promised for almost a year could take hours, or days or weeks. As lawmakers return to the Capitol today for the first of several upcoming emergency legislative sessions, no one .is sure how sluggish or speedy reaching a compromise on the school code will be. The re-drafted education laws would fulfill the guarantee made to universities when separate begins discussion on tentative sci governing boards were estabsities, and, with approval of the been overhauled since World lished -increased individual education board, institutions War II. freedom for schools. Tasks once would be able to The legislation completed by the state, ranging seize surrounding "Nobody got nearly completes the from paying employees to deposprivate land. everything they education system iting, money in the bank, would "Nobody got evwe overhaul that began be done at each school. erything they in 1998 when voters "We're not setting each apart in wanted, but we crecreated a approved removing their own little world," said Bill ated a product evproduct the duty of overseeEdmonds, spokesman for the eryone is happy everyone is ing statewide educaFlorida Board of Education. "But with," Edmonds happy with." tion from the Florida we are granting each one more said. Cabinet and giving it freedom." Gov. Jeb Bush set to a separate educaUniversities would have more aside for lawmaker Bill Edmonds tion board. flexibility in how they choose to approval until FriFlorida Board The change set spend their funds. Individual day a replacement spokesman into motion the abogoverning boards would set confor the mandates lition of the Board of tracts with staff instead of having governing kindergarten through Regents, the 14-member panel one contract for all public univergraduate school, which have not that oversaw the state's public aool codes universities, and placed kindergarten through graduate schools under the supervision of one super board of education. Bush and members of the newly created Florida Board of Education are pushing the Lemgth lature to finish the task as quickly as possible. Legislators have given the idea of a quick agreement a cool reception. "I think the governor would like us to complete our business, but we are in no hurry," House Speaker Tom Feeney said. Two committee stops are planned for the measure in the Senate with the earliest chance for a floor vote coming Thursday. *50¢ DRAFTS: S$2IMPORTS TUESDAY 9pro-2am :JP GATORs *1605 SW 13TH ST* 20 Same Day Service / No Extra Charge MIM~tCSince NINA'S 1972 Professional Alterations & Tailoring 1636 W. University Ave. (Upstairs) 375-6462 Personality Skin Protectio .n Iu !Made Simple for Everyone You have personality plus lots of ambition, Under the Sun. plus a strong work ethic, plus a "can-do" red, attitude. We have personality too, plus opportunities, plus top training, plus a great environment. We're Fazoli's. the dynamic eILr quick-casual Italian restaurant chain with exciting opportunities for: Associate Managers Associates We provide competitive salaries, great benefits and amazing growth potential. Please Yo've onlygot apply in person at 2612 N.W. 13'b Street, .Tae or call 352-336-4944. ce ofit Look for Right Job. 5i p .Iym teyinfrof"Mday. Right Now.SRA on SK 15+sucre&andSLP wwwfazolis.com on a hat every d Fazoli's is an equal Fo =r i mim 10ACS2346 for more formation. cd1OOal S24 opportunity employer.or v it our web site at www.cacer.org valuig a diverse worklor ceto Ibuild Triple Dot Communications, a full-service marketing agency based in Boston, Massachusetts, is working with a major credit card company to help promote their new online contest on college campuses around the country. What we're looking for is tworeps from your school to distribute handouts to fellow studentsover a two-day period before April 20th. Here's the lowdown: 0 2 students from each school (1 male, 1 female -perfect for friends!!) 0 Dressed as rock stars (we'll provide the outfit), it will be your job to distribute our client's literature on your school's campus over a two-day time frame 0 The workdays do not need to be consecutive (as class schedules may not permit), but the job must be completed within the same week Here's what you need to do: 0 Complete a short report form at the end of both days 0 Take photos of your sampling work with a provided camera 0 Return the report forms and camera to us once complete Here's what you'll get: 0 The opportunity to dress like a rock star (come on, you've always dreamed about doing it) 0 $150 for 2 days of fun work! -or $300 for 4 days! -or $450 for 6 days! -It's a minimum of 2 days, but there may be the opportunity for you to work for more if you'd like So if you think you're the right person, or persons (again, teams of two -male and female -are encouraged to apply), then contact us at the location provided below. Triple Dot Communications e Maria Sweeney 0 54 Canal Street 0 Boston, MA 02114 (f) 617-723-21881 (e) mswee@tripledot.com • No phone calls please GMAT/GRE Courses $295 for 8 three-hour sessions, GRE M-W 6pm-9pm, GMAT Tu/TH Small classes, close to campus. 7-yr. exp. Instructor 1550 MN, 780 GMAT. GMAT Begins 4/12, GRE begins May. Currie Test Prep 375-3926 I ill I av Aha@qhuo 

PAGE 9

UF pfesssticide'' ly Tracy Swwkt Alligator Staff Writer tswar@a~figator-Org While cleanup crewsprepareto pump a toxic gas mto two northern postal facilities closed for anthrax, one UF researcher believes he has found a cheaper and more effective approach to eradicating the deadly bacteria -a common pest control agent. Rudolf Scheffrahn, a UF entomology professor, believes methyl bromide -a pesticide used to control insects, weeds and rodents -is more stable than chlorine dioxide, which may damage electronics, fabrics and photographs. "Methyl bromide is not reactive;,it's not an oxidizer like the other gas," Scheffrahn said. "It won't tend to harm things." Scheffrahn and Mark Weinberg, general manager of Cobra Termite Control in Lauderhill, tested the pesticide's efficiency by placing 80 paper strips with 100 million bacteria spores on them in a furished research center in Fort Lauderdale. The strips were loaded with Bacillus subtilis, an anthrax-related spore, and incubated at UF's dental school. "We put them in challenging locations throughout the buildingunder the carpet, computer key boards," Scheffrahn said. "We found we could kill anthrax spores at the [Environmental Protection Agency]'s standards." The entomologist also promotes the chemical's cost-efficiency, claiming methyl bromide fumigation would have cost a quarter less than the $23 million spent on sterilizing the Hart Senate Office building in Washington, D.C. That cleanup ran into some problems when the Office of Attending Physician logged more than 50 complaints of illnesses related to the noxious gas after the building reopened in January. But methyl bromide has some drawbacks. The pesticide has been found to deplete ,the. Earth's ozone layer and. production will be elm ated by 2005. Scheffrahn is not worried, though. The EPA has apIproved meth-yl bromide for anthrax decontamination in emergency situations. The agency issued a crisis exemption for the limited sale, distribution and use of the pesticide, primarily by UF and Cobra Termite Control, which provides money for the research. "The safety and effectiveness of methyl bromide are the main considerations, and the UF research will help provide this information," said Jeff Kempter, senior adviser at EPA's Office of Pesticide Programs, in a press release. Scheffrahn hopes the pesticide will be used to decontaminate the American Media Inc. building in Boca Raton, which remains closed after the first anthrax attacks. Gerald McKelvey, an AMI spokesman, said methyl bromide fumigation is a possibility, but it's too premature to determine. "I would imagine almost anything would be considered," McKelvey said. "We want something that will do the job without unfortunate side effects." Scheffrahn has studied methyl bromide for 17years and now shares with Weinberg a ending patent on using methyl bromide to eliminate deadly spores. Cobra Termite Control,the largest fumigation companion South Florida, would deontnate the buildings. ThercoianY has contributed $30, to the methyl bromide project tus far. "We're able to Weinberg said. do the work," Kensington North 3901 SW 20th Ave 2 BD/2.5 BA Tanning Bed (*Kensington North) Computer Hub (*Kefisington North) Fitness Center (*Kensington North) Monitored Alarm -System' Victoria Stadm, 3549.SW-3ile Way 2 BD/2.5 D-A High Speed Internet W" Concrete Blk P aryWal Chose to Campus • Washer/Dryer Call (352) 384-0059.or (352):09244 l5 I .SilverWingProperties.com I 0--so-m-ift" S@Jl fumW-ant: Malth4 bromide 01 aybe iplantled, which iff~ewy s~~ie ei ogisms. Coinmodity treatment: Methy bromide gs also can be used fovb anr p o and can be infected into a chmbw r or utnde ra t commodities such as grapes, raisins, cherries, nuts, tmnd. .medStructural pest control treatment M bromide gas us to m t b u il d in g s f o r te r m ite s w a r e h o u s e s a n d f o o d p ro c e s s in g 0c 1 t 4,s f o r in s e c ts -O W rodents, aircraft for rodents, and ships (and other trnsoration vehicles) for various pests. Quarantine Uses: USDA's Animal Plant and Health lnsp*ction Service uses methyl bromide (APHIS) to treat imported commodities as requiredby ardine regulations." Phase Out: Under the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer and under the Clean Air Act, production of methyl bromide is scheduled to be eliminated by 2005. 

PAGE 10

2, 2002 Dvlmb The NcA oinmn is W1 ubl rlati nior B iWagner's from leaves hir los I.hatosip&, Sometime wish I had the money pocket, hesaid. "Lookin I wish I could have done thing better with that mc According to a survey ducted-by UP researche than Shapira and Mark Florida has more than c the national average of cc sive gamblers, and Flor are twice as likely to hay, bling problems. The highest risk grc :Collegestu usually the college age group," said Pat Fowler, the executive I is Irdirector of the Florida Council Son Compulsive Gambling. ons seThe risk of becoming a probdebt lem gambler diminishes with m at a age, Shapira said. Shapira said 75 percent of the 's I still population in Florida is considin MY ered problem gamblers while g back, 1.1 percent of Florida's populasometion is considered compulsive oneY." gamblers compared with 0.5 ,Y conpercent nationally. rs NaSport betting is the most popGold, ular form of betting among coldouble lege students, Fowler said. ompulUF senior Chris Ward said he ridians also lost money gambling dure gaining March Madness. "The Gators loss in the first oup is round cost me 40 bucks," he said. dentsmore -Fowler said compulsive gamblers will often gamble With large amounts of money just for the -excitement. "I had a bookie with Las Vegas lines, at a 110 percent loss," said Ward. "You bet $100 and if you lose you have to pay $110." When gamblers lose money they return to try to break even, though they can't afford it, Fowler said. "I thought I'd just win it back," Ward said. "But I didn't always." Gamblers often try to find alternative ways to pay for their addiction, Fowler said. "I pay for [my gambling] with loan money for the semester," Wagner said. Gambling is a public health issue because of its social cost since it is linked. to drn and. cohol use. It causes m .ha= Wthe gamblers, their friends andf fmIv 1 &es, Shapidrasai Fowler said no standards exist for treating compulsive gambling. Successful treatment for compulsive gambling is hard to obtain. "Typically, the psychological community knows little agut the disorder and how to treat it,' Fowler said. "In Florida, there are little professional resources for compulsive gambling." "The council offers many programs to educate and create awareness to the general populous and more development in the way of prevention, but no treatment resources." Th~ that was ( "Education 6I morta, cause of how a i strikes, Shira said. Gamblers can turn t( Florida Council on Comi Gambling for help 241wo day at 1-800-426-7711. Surveyshows voters want centralized uruversity system wo i c__tu' _p __,.-1. .. .. ..E .. Aitr Staff Write jcackroyd@ alligator. org A group hoping to again revamp Flod higher education has found val: dalon in a recent survey of the state's residents." saying'all along. In 1999, Gov. Jeb Bush made a controversial move to restructure the educational system in Florida, moving all schooling under a super Board of Education, dictating policy and creating separate boards for every university. Hisplan was to decentralize decision making on policy issues, and to give schools the power to determine teir own budgets. "Right now schools are competing with each other for funds," Skelton said. "UF employs 12 lobbyists in Tallahassee to try and get as much money as they can.' The governor's office did not return phone calls asking for comment. Under the previous governance structure, the universities were overseen by the state Board of Regents, which created the schools' budgets and did all the employment bargaining for faculty members. The survey, conducted by The St. Petersburg Times and The Miami Herald, shows the plan by Bush, who is approaching a gubernatorial re-election, doesn't sit well with voters. However, the majority said they still would support him in November. Bush's system decentralized the power to spend money and Skelton said that resulted in multiple voices squabbling with each other over who gets the money tagged for education. She said a constitutional system wouia centrauze power anu reso that problem: "The Regents would look out for A best interests of the university Skelton said. Fifty six percent of the population pears to share that sentiment. Proponents on this system beli among other thingsit would elimin waste resulting from multiple unive, ties funding tle same programs. you ame at an evt hiher risk or 9F xpiencOgthe 'tagedy.o bnen~ ~ r Saftsiflsd with 6wv status quo, Fasuiists for Liaeoneea s a i and less palnktiaftemuai,... If YOU prefer ctomn to "heaoric, pie4 *m II M~ue o ammhria betwerwj* lEMINITS F iUpqE ,t o j vl AF I F L f nIit .rS f.,~pe 

PAGE 12

TUEAY, APIL 2,2002 Ig supports back I Wau *h Medk4'I. ar onMedicl prvides in Gainesville aecn .ermed abo UP students' lack of awareies about, emergency contraception. To increased Waenes, Planned Parenthood., alongwith about 100 other organizationsnatlonwide,is working on a campaign called lBck Up Your Birth Control-with EC." This campaign -s designed to encourage health care providers to prescribe a backup supply of emergency contraceptive pills to women at their request in case they need it durfm a weekend when clinics usually are cose Often referred to as "morning-after pills," emrgecy contraception pills are a higher dose of regular birth control pills that, when takenwi 72. hours of unprotected sex, can reduce a womans chance of becoming r pregnant by up to 90 percent. Emergency contraceptive pills have been available for more than 25 years, and some UF students say they have heard of it but aren't clear about what it is or how to getit. UF sophomore Channa Brownhill said she had no "A idea students could receive backup emergency contrainformal ceptive pills at the Student go a, Health Care Center. when it "That's important informasOm tion for students here to know," she said. "A little inimpor formation can go a long way prey when it's about something pregr important like preventing pregnancy." Judy Simms-Cendan, a Channa SHCC Women's Clinic docU, tor, said she agrees lack of emergency contraceptive awareness is a big problem among UF students. Few students have the knowledge and information needed about emergency conL I ati lor tc iet -ta ipstock d~ traception, and mo students auwa. of their range of option .she said.... Christine, Gaji, director of ex a fairs for planned Parenthood of North :Central ittle Florida, said she hopes the ion can campaign launch will iunng way fence health care providers s about to offer more education any thing time a woman goes in for an 3tike annual exam or birth conmt like trol. enting Gajda said she also hopes nancy." the campaign will initiate more prescriptions being offered so women will get Brownhl backup supplies of emerIF sophomore gency contraceptive pills. The emergency contraceptive pill does not have to be tailored to a specific person or body, and if a woman has a backup supply she or a friend could take it if they needed to, Gajda said. enthood or the SHCC tha drug stores. eral misconceptions invo v hi contraceptive pills, co.n.only CODj with the so-called French aborti "RU-486.". Emergency contraceptive pills ar abortion pill and will not work f youi ready pregnant. Emergency contraceptive pils pr pregnancy by temporarily stoppwig a from being released, stopIf of the egg or by stopping a Fertiliz from attaching to the uterus. Surgery resolves obesity problems Cont. i ing Witer Orlando resident Tammy Meehan dropped out of college, missed family functions and "didn't want to be seen in public"because she was embarrassed. of her weight. She gotup every morning and thought to herself, "Oh God, I'have to live another day being fat." At age 27, Meehan weighed 297 pounds. As the mother of three boys she tried every diet to lose the weight she hadgaied from her pregnancies. None worked. "Mywhole life was governed by weight," Meehan said. "I couldW't even go outside and play with my kids." But Meehan lost 40 pounds in one month, with no thanks to Weight Watchers or Slim-Fast. In August 2000, Meehan underwent bariatric surgery to combat her ongoing battle with morbid obesity. The United States leads the world in obesity -more than 50 million Americans suffer from this disease. Aclcording to the American Obesity Association, it is the second-cause of unnecessary deaths and costs the country more than $100 billion a year. "Obesity is a real problem and has the potential to become as bad as smoking," said Dr. W. Robert Rout, Chief of General, Gastrointestinal and Laparoscopic Surgery at Shands Hospital. Meehan had seen many doctors and realized something had to be done, especially after she was diagnosed with a heart valve defect.from the dietary supplement Fen-Phen Meehanwas the perfect candidate for bariatric surgery, as o called Roux-en-Y gastric bypass.. This surgery is performed on patients who are more than 100 pounds overw~ghor have a Body Mass Index of 40 or more. tei are two parts to bariatric surgery. First, the stomach is pledpffto about one toone-and-half ounces and, seCo, b -reatahed about 100 cm into the small intes.tt the stomachfurther down the intes"ood is cut down. -ws MO.* tak" "eht lanes of freeway and reducing it k*~~wt.t i=aRot said.. -%Nst saidIIis t$'ai for patients to lose an average of Ithree years.ps-srer,75 to 80 peraff their. ;xess weight. inriery is.nota cure-all" and success. Patients must be tat 004)ie a regular exetise proLive art : u""UIR UF freshman Ryan Speer and sophomore Melissa Jurado return to their art class Monday afternoon after performing a live art show on Turlington Plaza. Week focus By Nloiy My Contributing Witer Some get too much, but college students often say they get too little -sleep. Sleep Awareness Week, an annual event sponsored by the National Sleep Foundation aims -to "promote the importance of quality sleep to health, productivity and safety" before daylight-saving time. The week continues through Sunday. The majority of Americans get insufficient sleep on a daily basis, according to the foundaton. Tenty Iercent of UP students .note sleep difficulties as .something that has affected their aca•demip, according to the Student Health Care. Centr es on sleep awareness UF sophomore Crystal Perrine adults ranging-in age from 30 said she often falls asleep in class 102, those who slept for eight because of lack of sleep. nine hours a night experienced "I need nine or more hours of 12 and 13 percent greater chap sleep to be alert, but I can only get of dying, respectivey. BY con0t six or seven a night because of my those sleepig five or six houri early -classes," Perrine said. night increased their risk by 01 The Mayo Clinic, a center for 11 percent. medical education and research, "The average adult does req' recommends the standard eight approximatelysixto eightSho hours a night for adults, but Unisleep," saidJoh Crawtord, cl versity of California, San Diego coordinator for Shands Sleep professor Daniel Kripke believes order Center. He aid that w" less sleep is actually better. students should notuse statP In a recent study led by Kripke, to sleep through mowinga the sleeping habits of 1.1 million they should use the.f na Americanswere tracked for six a method to.gae a p years. The researchersdetermined problemand osderni .that itis "verysae to sleep .only management. seven, sixor even five hours a "Have a Ieguiarbed night," ,e said. Crawford said th. The data showedthat among sleep.tha:y "r ...body ...d --Woo-' 'm0" I .-1 

PAGE 13

them -affec-. ackett. LjanZiu an d -the fttueW .at H&W Memoor-tuam. _rW PAik-and M I --v iticluil-I 14g.fhends Don WMes, Red &ittojis and, NormCxosby. *MU ton'was b6l& and brash and-benevoli4 and he had. the, (guts). to. be funnyff.-Buu6ids skd. Berle!s son-in-law Richard. 'Moll., co-star of -the -Sitcem "Night.,.Court,*-._said .Bgxle was 4evotied-, -to mAin 'M s wifen a gr' dthil childrt ,'nd an drexi laugh. aroujid' Mift 1.6 t to ihp 'bqit i itt -'.Comediar, w6rW, thank--She&y... MemprW, I A44. I iiwd to" Gk "A' alud the late _,lientiv. nI9T Y' 10, for thost6 nevi rv -was one of S Who made. it ;ht of -8 -4 reput#ti for.,steaOW ling media -other (mm'*s" S. the, crowd Pro dwce.r-wrtur Larry kerle"s. fit Gelb Cwacterized wOuldbetc humor-At. Vving other peoMOSes a. nOw home. *..L ,,..,.Seri 9 01 Ano". oy at 9130 was Rh la* told I that eved al -Acv in heaven, p-organize a rbam fo*r and b bit Ainons, otbeT., you tan ftyer-nj said Finkel. 0 i lem like that any i Befle. won the nt Te low for his andb Neaterr' ch I agm I e4 "The K decorated I draped lb trepaicoat 1 406 -C o"Co, hlm boardsare' vhskvd by *kWWft and hwe -apresents. a rem-opportunity br YOUft som on mw "00 in ffakft-dedskms MW wM 9OW the.-,UF o kWicatlons are ;msdhible Atft' D"n'd SkfdOft I Rob UnIMIF wb"Ismw on ADDJIC8b.on. D"d -6f iiW64*7944M. about R ,pr ff*m-,k&rft4Wn abotA -nd I , ZM Vft Dlvlslon'. 

PAGE 14

A4j TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 2002 afe ryroud 4ri W. 

PAGE 16

MM 2220M2 FOR RENT: 1 FURNISHED rr' A-VACATION EVERYDAY! FREE TANNING, 2 pools, Weight room Roommate Matching from $399/RM Utilities, Cable, Fum, W/D $0•depositl 377-2777 4,,24-71 -1 Super Clean Studio Walk to Shands Long & short term lease Now as low as $345 monthly inc all utilities ph 336-9836 4-24-71 -1 ****WE'RE EASY**** Furniture, Utilities, Alarm, HUGE Cable w/HBO & Show, Indiv Lease & Roommate match avail. Pool, gym 3BR & 4BR from only $360/BR Direct bus to UF 336-3838 4-24-71-1 SUN BAY Apartments 0 Grad students $99 Deposit 0 Walk or Bike to Campus 0 1-1 $440/mo 000 2-1 $490/mo www.sunbayuf.com 0O 376-6720 4-24-71-1 *Just Bring Your Clothes* We have all the rest! Fully furnished Luxurious 2br/2ba 1.5 ml. from UF with Color TV in kitchens AvaIl, now, summer & fall "Free intemet; & cable Pets ok Incredible pool & fit ctr Move in now with 1 month free Hldden Lake *374-FUNN 4-24-71-1 CLO student housing 1 blk to UF $260/mo spring util incl. 10 meals/wk. tree comp. lab& ethernet 377-4269.-117 NW 15th St. Web: grove.ufl.sedu/-clo 4-24-71-1 OASIS 3436 SW 42 Ave & 34 St V04LArge Quiet 0" Bed FURN $500 UNFUR $475 Two Bed UNFURNISHED $575 Ask About -year lease special 377-3149 4-24-71-1 LOCATIONOI LOCATIONI* Wlndsossll-Luxury living for women 2 9b6cks toUF. Rent includes: urniture. utilities, cable, ethernet, private beths& kitchenUtes, security, pool, gym, sundeck. e. Starting 0 $400/mo (62)337-9255 or visit www.windsorhall.com 4-24-71-1. Furnished 4BD14BA condos only $385/mo per room. Some utilities icl. Individual leases, roommate, matching. Now leasing for Faill UnionProperties. Inc. 373-7575. 4*4-62-1 if signed by March.31st.Furn/Unfun NOW i4ClL IN RNT.t11-speed Imeret, 'tec. maid, .abi. "d e; walk.to UP Oelteook Wa*4t3flSW 1 St3i,5-4541 444-48-1 Hit "SM004#4)m ams.wall I FOR RENT -FURNISHED Furnished Studio Apartment in quiet NW neighborhood near Walmart on 13th St. $375/mo, 1st, last & security. Nonsmoker. Call 374-9779,.evenings. 4-3-51 Furnished 4BD/4BA. All romms avail. $415/month $200 security dep. All utilities included. Nowi Leasing for Fall!! Call 371-1816 Summer move-in available. 43-5-1 FOR RENT: 2 UNFURNISHED 2 & 3 Bedroom. $340-$500. All Elec, cent a/c, pool, tennis, B-ball, waste, pest,, lawns. 251b pet $15/mo. M-F 10-3 or by appt. Alamar Gardens. 4400 SW 20th Ave. 373-4244. UF bus line 4-24-71-2 Gator Place Apts 3600 SW 23 St. 2BR/1BA W/D is optional. Park in front of your apt. Pet play park. $500/mo 3720507. 4-24-71-2 LOW COST MOVE IN: 1 BR $335/mo; 1BR cottage $450/mo. Pets ok. Some util, 378-9220, 372-6881 Mobile/213-3901. 4-24-71-2 **LUXURY LIFESTYLE** 2 & 3 BR TH avail NOW/FALL Gated, WD, Vault Celings, Cable, Alarms, Scm Prch & Much MORE! Don't Miss Outl 377-2801. BIGGER IS BETTER!! And We Have Something For You! HUGE 1,2 & 3 BR APTS Close to UF, Shands and Downtown Available FALL 2002 Park Across From UFFOR FREE Pets Welcome 335-PARK 4-24-71-2 LYONS SPECIAL $89 1st month's rent 377-8797 CALL WATSON For a complete list of homes and condoe go to www.watsonrent.com or call Watson Realty Corp. 335.0440 4-24-71-2 LIVE AT THE TOP 3 BR penthouse avail NOW or MAY Rooftop patio, French doors, All NEW. W/D. D/W, pets ok. $550 per BR suite. 150 ft from UF. 372-7111. WALK TO UF St. 1,2,3.4 & Houses from $370 Some utils included. Pets OK Avail FALL Call 371-7777 1620 W. University Ave. Ste. 4 4,24-71-2 KOOTERS, HARRY'S, LILLIAN'S All ere downtown, why not you? ***Now leasingor faft*** Studios $460, 111 from $625 2/2 from-.W *50/3 $465/person Lum, Location & Pricel Pets welcome!1338-0002 4-24-71-2 NOWTNT'S UGE! IR buaree06Mporch G!aWwa~mNW 2Met 1460m ;44411*2 2 FOR RENT,UNFURNISHED HUGE 3BD13BA TOWNHOUSE AWAAY FROM THE NOISE Beautiful luxury AND peace & quiet 0 FREE CABLE (w/HBO/Showtime) 0 FREE TANNING & AEROBICS! FREE ALARM & GATED ENTRY! 0 FREE DEPOSIT SPECIAL NOW! W/D., pool, gym, tennis: $375/person It's all at The Laurels 0 335-4455 4-24-71-2 EVERYDAY IS A VACATION! -$0 Deposit and Move In Specials! FREE Tanning* Pools Huge Gym Sauna Gated Alarms* WD Pets OK! 1 BR $664 ** 2BR from $422/person ** ** 3BR from $355/person ** FREE Cable w/ HBO & SHOWTIMEI Now Leasing for FALL **377-2777 NEW AT UF Walk to campus from Your Newly Remodeled Apt. St & 2brs Avail FALL From $499 Call 371-7777 1620 W. Univ. Ave. #4 AFFORDABLE STUDENT LIVING, 1 & 2 BR apts, Located off SW 20th Ave. Price range from $365 to $425, includes water, sewer, pest control and garbage. NO PETS ALLOWED. Please call 335-7066. 4-24-71-2 BRIGHT CLEAN 2BR *MUST SEE Call for specials. 2/1.5 TH W/D hookups, patio, 1000 sq ft, bus line, pets considered. $600-650 278-0970 2640 SW 38 Pl. A HOUSE W/ FREE MAINTENANCE HUGE 2 BR VILLAS avail, now, summer or fall * free cable w/HBO & Showtime just remodeled* no neighbors above or below! fenced In yards pool* 24 hr maint alarm pets ok 374-3866. 4-24-71-2 SHORT WALK TO UF/SHANDS! Sparkling Pools, Quiet Community 1 BR from $425 -2 BR from $495 24 Hour Maintenance, Pets welcome! Leasing now for fail 372-7555 4-24-71-2 2BR in Mill Run Preleasing for Fall. Washer/Dryer hookups. Townhomes $585/mo. Ass ciates Realty 372-7755 or visit our website: www.associatesrealty.com 4-24-71-2 ***Live with your FRIENDS** Luxury 3&4BR Suites from $335/BR SOCIAL ctyds, Pool, Gym, Courts Furniture*Utils*ALARM*W/D*HUGE FREE CABLE w/BO & SHOWTIME Roommate Match avail** 336-3838 .ONLY 1 mile to UF-Direct Bus! "TIRED OF TRAFFIC?** LIVE IN SECLUDED LUXURY AT HIDDEN LAKE *brand new luxury 2br/2ba & 3br/3ba "1.5 ml from UF& downtown *free cable & ethernet avail now, summer or fall move In now & get one month free pool & fit ctr *pets ok Call 374-FUNN 4-24-71-2 Not Simply s PtalatoLive, Itwe..a.Wa of LIF 2/2 Teescape Vile-i3/3 Bungalow LEASIHE NOW forIALL2002 479-WALK (9256) 4-24-71-2 We Have Q;.at wPf he. 20/t-0i, What You Are Looking For! .oc-aloa "ICoaq,, to /Sheppk.urwabolte.0 0I U When will your ad run? Classifleds begin TWO WORKING DAYS after they are placed. Afs placed at the Hub may take THREE days to appear. Ads may-run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there, can be no refunds for cancelled ads. 0 Al real estate advertised herein Is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it legal to advertise "any preference, limitation, ordiscriminatlqn because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or nailon! origin,'or Intentlon to make limitation, or discrimination." We will not knowingly accapt any advertising for real estate whibh is In violation of the law. All persons are hereby Informed that all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. 2 AD employment opportunities advertised herein aresuvbject to the laws which prohibit discrimination In employment (barring legal exceptions) because of rce, color, religion, sex, national, origin, handicap, famlilaltus, age, or any other coveredstaus. Deluxe large 1,2,3,4 SRs60 second$ to UF. Old house charm. -'Central.A/C. W/D ncl. wood floors,-with park .P owner. $495 and up 538-2-81 Iv message. 4-2471-2 Toty remodele4 IB IA. 2*RA/26A 30/A New WWpI Wim-00, 4er* A'Cr/H, coversdpat, OW, vertkwalesome WI. W..) ok-op. -. 4424-71-2 7NewlyWM 0 aw Cash, chbi6 MC or VISA: I -F 4 p Hub Cuomer Service ea m-S proSL10 an pm .... By lk use forms apearing i.seldy In the Angator, Sy nocasby mail.: MC. vIsA or checks only. By. Phone 373+,ND: Payment by: VISA or Mastercard ONLY. $5.00 minimum. MF, 8 am-4pm U) How to corrmctor cancel your ad: cancbln: Call 373-FIND Mon.-Fri., 8-4 pm. No refunds can be.gln Check your a the FiRST da runs Call 373-FIND with, Wy correctons before noon. THE L .11 RESPONSIBLE F01 I ITAY THE AD RUNS 3COREftY.Po0rrected aS will be extended one -No refunds or crmt can be gihmafter.59 the ad. Chang calleIfter .. f& day will.not be o f ; cutomer o or chans.s Correction, must be msd oIn pro at the. Alligator office, SEE NOON. Thore I l be a $*.WI chagefor 11e corre.t1on. u. Now ononbat: WWWA. pclgaom r .M This newaperassmes aresnsibro ll for lNjurrles isn ofr mco."atmade though hMe w of, adwomfetihigmt a persn or contInons' whether. ot they actually appearunde thbe c -ssifictlonso wosuggest that any reader who 06 spends to Ia typeof ad"t usecaution and InestMiga thsirt.y fte aderiwr before i ..i noutpersonl m l acce.tin oee ctn a .vefl ....gAlac rdu Iligclaim;or clefiareNOW",letel aldIn evw aan lhRef ore,caNnot a&n's any' lSuAWsd cetac f lr owod ... .....___II ___"_I_1 __I __I _______ _LUDRY COW OUVM ow PetCOL tmdpevat. fth PAM .30"711. 7w 44-7t-r Mi [ I [ m Now FOR AM .. "FUJOB 2 

PAGE 17

THE LUCKY THREESOME twwrao" wa tuxuly, TH WAD A1604*0018 WeWi* A steal at 0n1y,$4N'PW PSIFWt 6 7 Only 8 W CaN mwl,330-0002 No 86nes About Rtif Live S~ Styleill 2 Treesce" -, Bungalow vallablo NOW, SUMMER, FALL M, useurn WapA Aparbvwnft 379-WALK,4-24-U-22 -LUXURIOUS GE 1.2 & 3BR TH WV ALL amenities ated: Entryl Alarml WIDI Porches FREE Cable wJH80 &-Showtime Large gyml-Pooll Not tubf FREEtAiWING & AEROBICS 4455 SW 34th St -** 335-4455 $ 0-SECURITY MMSIT11111 14MW lfttl AM SW 4. 4-24-SI-2 LAROE ONE wlmo 60 SECONDS TO U.F. wood Roors, vasher dryer factuded, patio deck. Can fOr lih. .Prf ate'o*ner. Avait flow. $495.538-2181. Lv message. 4-24 4-1.2 WALK TO UF ftall -I* ab Aug I St.2 story 3BR/2BA-or'I$R/ftA -w/ study' $900/mo 1320 NW 4th Larts *ALSO* Sfii lo ovillable $35,0/mo. Call 678-358-3294 4-10-35-2 1 BLOCKS TO NORIKAN 28PJISA, AC, Pets OK .$"S 258-6114 4-24-40-2 HISTORICAPTS 3 2 1 t4,dl6q Availabld May lst,'i4, lit ow-660. Go to:,pleasantstrootoal.ndlivil.a.c'o:m then call 371-3571. 4.4-10-2 *LI..E" -DO.A NATUREPRESERVE* 2M2.WA juxu' townhouseis ry p" Orn, tennis, Warm, wid, cabte'& HOO i Shovitime_on ust from $8" 3W-3M., They're Ping fosdf, 444-26-2 4.2448-2 ****Old-Houso** hougo, Wood f1wri, j Ave near-Norman', 4 month I'st, last o.wq 376-3291.., 4-6,119-9. I ApfH 1, the" call' EFFI CIENC Room, A/C'UF. No,"" dent/prof $4 4-9-5-2 is,;Clh 

PAGE 18

Up,2 BLOCKS TO.,UFI 8R or28f li 28R/IBA apt.'+ Summer sublease A,, and/or C. $345/mo pr room.+ 1/2 til. Rent negotiable. Wood floors, on site laundry,I171-0 NW 2nd Ave. Ana3350508. -s~(May*it"owilon. Close to UF, .Pobfecdyard,,shed. -4. 4 ,all.371*4449. -*10OWI~wNOW* 24R4MO&lki ot& ,15 1/2 mi-from UF Vft%'& montb through the summerato abia &internet* call Hidden 1*JW taile *374-FUNN* 4-24-19-2 for rent. I person, 1 car, no making. no pets, no fleas. It Is small, but "a, iteM. All utli..pd $330.00 mo, unfur4ited. Cat Chedey Whitey' Webb. 375m$7& Stop by 1215 NE 20th Ave. 4-9-7-2 A GREAT DUPLEX 2PR, ceilig fae, security doors & windo". privacy fence, W/D hk up. 1727 SW 68th Ter. $390/m6 331-2099. 4-4-5-2 Around UF _S di .. $to $35 ORt $396 to $455 GorebekwW ate, Inc. ww:gore-abelti.m 5-30-24-. COUNTRY VILLAGE APARTMENTS. CIO" to cppus, "Wlt commulnity. May Avoli-lalty. IR1. A, 2BR2BA or .R/IE At a$7342700. 4-24-18-2 Available now near Shnds 2BRI2BA COO Wit go .washer/dyer, water & tmk i l. Qiramiwildlife view & pool. ...aWss. m call 214'I or 377-26566.: 4-12-10-2 ,_W MSA NW condo Las Pampas, ce%~lZ-1a screened paio/brick coutrtyarid, pool pe"'"nag.$700 plus 00ep094 CAN338-8.758. 4-5-5-2 ATTENTION STW)ENTSII, CLOSE TO UPII Avail May very' large 3R-home v/wood flra, ant A/14,screenporch, spac ousN rooms, W/o, carport.104NW 7th Terre, $ 1tcftp. Call 3:1-3260. 4-2418-2 I and 2* BR apoft" e*in various locaions coma ftotW ad4dwntwn. Avail beg M .'$350/me ad up, some w/util. Cl -3260. 4-24-182 ****HOUSES AAPARTMENTS**** 1".3 arnd 4 bedrooms avail for fall (some avail earlier) All i to campus, All prce rangos. Pets arranged. Call 3713260. 4,4-184 29R&2A 1050 sq ft for NS. Avail immedialey. $550/mo W/S00 sac dep. WID bikups, e -iefloors. fenced. back yard /patio. Patis ok. Call Brandy 0 3799M8. 4-4-5-2 ELLWES14USE FOR RENT 3 & 400 houes. Avail for Aug. BIking ditae to-UF. All gret condition $825$13MIWm. Calll e"215.4991 o 378'Q 4 4--. 4U Walk to campus for the summer. w/in 1' block to campus. 2/2.5 "Avenues" apt. for summer C. New rug, W/D, and more. $400/m. Call '262-1544. Ask for Monica. Will negotiate.'4-12-40-3 Gainesville Place. F-for 1/1 in 4/4. $375/mo inc all utils. Furnished, W/D, Gym, pool, ethernet. Available beg of May. Call 954-592-0521. 4-9-30-3 4 blocks from Library West. Big 1BR/1BA Avail in May. $450/mo -negotiable, keep deposit. Includes pool, laundry. Contact Jenny 372-6974, devine@ufl.edu 4-1030-3 3/1 house rent room or entire house. 1 block from campus, next to Windsor Hall. Furnished, W/D, cable, $300/month + 1/6 utilities or'$800/month for entire house. 395-7699. 4-5-20-3 LAURELS SUMMER SUBLEASE. 1BR/1BA apt includes W/D, alarm, gym, tanning bed, Call 256-6494. 4-2-17-3 Girl needed for summer sublease. 1 BR in 2BR/t.5BA townhouse. $255/mo. Very spacious, quick bike or but"to school. Call 3366207. 4-5-20-3 Summer sublease University Terrace. M/F 1BR/1BA in a 4BR/4BA. Furnished, all until included. Walk in closet, W/D, bus routes. 12 and 35. Pool and cable. $375/mo. Call 375-3198. 4-12-20-3 Masterbedroom In 4BR house. Private bathroom. 7 blocks from UF. Sublease for Summer A. Call 213-5147. 4-12-20-3 1BR/1BA in a 3BR/3BA luxury aptl Only 1 roommate, Upscale furniture. Included ethernet & cable. Avail. May to Aug. Price negotiable. Call 305-710-6662 or 352338-1020. 4-9-20-3 SUMMER SUBLEASEBEAUTIFUL 2 BOR OR 1 BDR LEASES WALK TO CAMPUS Call Mark 271-7144. 4-4-15-3 NEED PRIVACY? SUMMER SUBLEASE JUNE-AUGUST $420/month. 1 BR/1BA APT 1' Block to UF. Cqll Alain 373-7998. 4-4-15-3 2BR/2BA in Colonial Village. Sublease Apr 1 to Aug 11.$596/mo (originally $815) keep dep. Vaulted ceiling, W/D, DW disposal, balcony, pool, gym, tennis. Call 367-9762. 4-2-13-3 Campus Club Apartments-SUmmer sublease, furnished 30/2 I/2 BA all utli incj. $300-325 Very Nag. WtD, pool, cable, ethernet, females only.-Call 224-6969. 44-15-3 **GREAT DEAL** at Univ Commons;,, 1 BR/IlAIn 48R/2BA. SUM C Aug Free. I mi to UF, 2'bus its, rm, wi0, DW, storage, cable, pool, spa, tennis, Mal, gym, more. $340/NEG.+ 1/3 utl. Liy 378-4545. 4-12-20-3 SUMMER FLING! Only $200/monthU 28fs avail In 3 2 112 BA apt. W/D included, furniture is avail, pOOl, tennis cts etc. Move in Mayl CALL 384-1856. 4-5-14-3 I BA aptal 4o -On b for $340/mo IF Quietfor 4-154103 *OSUMMER $LBLEAE" 40R/48A in a48 1# SA fw/ wutil. .W/D. pool, gym, compslab, bus ft & 36, alaWi, rent $41 5/mo nog.-University Club Call 692-1101. 4-24-26-3 LIVE DOWNTOWNI Master bed w pers' bath in Arlington Sq. apts fully urn avail for summer sub call 870-3451. Must see RENT PRICE NEG 4-2-10-3 $250/mo ($130 off-) for 18iD1A in 2BR/28A. NO DEPOSIT. M/F pool, gym & more. Call Javi 0 407-265-9914 or emailjavi-bouza@hotmail.com 4-3-10-3 HUGE 1BR/1BA $375/mo, Some:utils incl. CLOSE TO UF & Publix. Pets ok. Furn avail. Balcony, pool, volleyball, Begin May 1. Call AIDIO 372-5925. 4-3-10-3 SUBLEASE 1 BDAPARTMENT $380/mo w/option to renew, Private fenced in backyard. Call 377-3310 or 954-258-9986. 4-4-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 1/1 in a 4/4 0 Gainesville Place. W/D, all utils incl. $400/mo 080. Available end of April. Call 335-9708. 4-5-11-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE/ AUG FREE. Royal Village apts. 5 mine from campus. Free ethernet. Free cable, washer/dryer, dishwasher, Furnished. $385 per month CAN NEG 371-3810. 45-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR in large, fully furnished 4BR house w/sun porch. 2 blocks from law school. Reduced rent$295/mo & 1/4 utils. Ryan 379-3078. 4-5-10-3 Luxury Studio Apt 0 The Avenues. Behind Burger King, across from Library West. W/D. Need to sublease ASAP. Available immediately. Lease ends in August. Call Chastity 850-537-2280. 4-3-73 SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA Stonendge Apt., Available May to Mid-Aug. W/D, DW, microwave. Furnished, walk-in closet. $250 + 1/4 utils. Female pref. Call 372-1696. 4-8-10-3 2BR 1 1/2 BA twnhs, 2 biks from campus on Archer Rd. aval May 5, furn avail, bus ts I1,9, 12.35 ,P&R, SNAP, pool, laundry fac, quiet, sWacious. Call 372,2607. 4-810-3 LESS THAN BLOCK TO CAMPUS 2$PJ28A summer.sublease In Avenues cross frd Mn hMaay off:Univ Ave. Fully hurm Wi).0WAN. walk In closets' & pool. $350/mo.nag. Call 337-1060 for details. 4-8-9-3 $125 REOUTION $325/mo. i BR w/prv. bath. lIcldes all util. except phone. Balcony*,W/D. Sublease needed from 5/5-, 8114 Oxford Manor. 379-4801. 4-2-5-3... Easy Walk to Cam Rent Im. subleasef9live complez, W/O~.OA 'or (064)768i-1321.4mate In attrac4pacous cos(04) 307-0408 ISA/ISA .apt. ova. 2 bfke to is* Can rone B57. 410-11-3 man. 01, M,4 6v 't required. eCd I&A ui3W * Lexkgpon Cros"Su".Agtbl~so $30/m.o lak R tR CallSen 271-2dr May Rent Freet 4-26: SUMMER ,SUOI*ASE, Wpik 7to ce tBRi1BA behind gwaMp Rste Fully turn Rent negotable. Avii,, 6 mar C. Cal Becky or Cristy 337-1 42-53 LAKEWQOD VULAS 18ff/I '58A townhous Pats *ld Ava#liW May Email uforadthtm#Ocoai or call 379-1 709 lv. Wua4 4-940-3 Summer Sublease IOR-kIn-4M18A across from, campus,-Reduced p $350/mo everything Included. Avail M to Aug 2. Call Sus 2622543. 4-2Imis VRA I: h 40 Sum$36-0016 a WihiU 674, Stefanie 336-470., 4 CHEAP $00fvet* room 4 bathSoon University To:araq C Femae needed topaa apt, fully fumised., w in bdrm, available l L a 373-4871 for-more lA k'pt rice lay 5 1.5-3 2 BR/2.5 BA townhouse. Pets Ok Will-pay 1/2 1st month's rent. Washer & dryer Included, no sec deposit. In Kensington South. Avail ASAP. Call Mackenzie 2589162. 4-2-30-3 NS F for 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA in Colonial Village. Ground floor. April FREE! Walkin closet, alarm, 3 pools, W/D. $31 1/mo + utils. O'n bus route. Close to campus. Call Kimmy (352) 222-9378 4-9-11-3 2 rooms available! Female students wanted 3BR/2BA house in quiet neighborhood for summer $325/mo & 1/3 util. Call Carla 262-3087. 4-2-4-3 2 BLOCKS TO UFSummer Sublease1BR available In 2BR/2BA at Looking Glass, $320 + 1/2 util. Call John 0 3725511. 4-3-5-3 Summer Sublease need May 5 to Aug 9. Campus Club. Pool view, furn, Great' price. Everything incl. No sac dep. Aug FREE. Call Lisa for details (352) 2246816 or (954) 665-5472. -4-3-5-3 Pebble Creek Apt 1BR/1BA. W/D, *Walk to Campus and Shands* Available now, Keep security dep ($200)! April rent free ($630)!! Lease ends July call 278-2494. 4-10-10-3 Summer Sublease w/opt 28D/IBA Victorian house, Cent AC/hd wd flrs.Clo to% $550/mo Call 284-2091,.3$Q SUBLEASE SUMMER C 1BR in 38R/2.SOX tobous roommates. $25Wme..4/ nished. foos bal, No. depel & 338-2863. 4-3-5-3 Great summerublease av*l side at the, v 1 4BD/4BA. $400 ,Motb 4eet utiltiies included. Cnill-l **MUST 'SEE** 1 fk 2BR/2BA apt in Tra"ui l $252/mo + 1/2 ut.ll. :$ area. May thru July..:| please. Call 378-5641-h. LARGE 20R/20A v/WIa KEEP.MY SCEURITY IEPO AVAILALBLE NOW, BianasW 1009. 4-3-5-3 lOR/IBAInWW4SORMAI mate.2 blkskfrom UlK$4W cable, ethereto all p11. k*l to pool. Avail May ihru JtIly.J Call, 378-463. 4-1014-34 Lonely Bluesgyo 7Not a sin" efriditoveP Your te4hoWU wt me"a The Pefsrs, lewI# br4i'ou, .v -..i I= k J, i HOCUS-FOCUS I • I + { l r z i i •"• 

PAGE 19

7:-T, PAR SCORE 135-145 FORM 01mam Wa a -2to 74WW wbkt fto W Ows--in eachtaw-Add, points Of .eack woo, 0*6 we*, oad" at, wt T-ww *or& get w point bonus. "BbW tod as a* kft hwe ae Pak Vdw. Womb are in tM OlicialICR49810 PWars DMmylrd Edftn.. For mom I A I low mlftwo loamm"00 ow 60"jww .9910 04-M, EASE AT THE LAUREL -9 13Rs available. SumomiA.-D 4wC. ..or Unfum Pdwo WwWl ok. $315 000.175-3419 6r37$43t$. 234 mer Subl&a*qj Sj 6fjevidgo apts. V413A, VauW C~ ,-,WMi4 n Ckw..' Now B14. WAD,, Oiodl.'j#Gw 0", rm, Huge IMIcony. 04*APWC*fl We 0 3844M 4-51!S-3 *Summer SuM*aj**t*t 38RIW V. Club. 1 cable & HBO,,WffrvW' t1. bus route$: O&SS pan 2. BLOCKS. PROM STADWI. R/2BA house subte* iO/mo. W/D'-hopkvp.':P4W-$! ft-4606* 10 NW 2nd Ave. M4 .-" S nale roommate for It* ..Summer C $qbl*j"wS2"%o.Ik I&' Sunday aT 5 -min bu*L fwwjo)64MW-I 1. call noW Or M-![O:Info IGEOCHEAPOOOTE P 1 st sub asi ISRM lie sk. a' Mixt ority Row-Very 146"Aw"OsA"im", 5/mo + utils. $4iO 0. 4-4-5-3 WALK TO CAMPUS. 29R In NM Houst. -wood--oo6fs, *p"jous. Cali Amy:& chdsw ON-3062. low 't 1w looow* SUMMER SVK****',,' it,, 4A In .48IW48A viinftr ioM ir sity Tatmee. 0 *'kwhod" w4li W, aH -ON". AV*Vot"-" -ASO-, Oat' on.4822 of czqmft*u#."U, 4-15-1" n Is" -A IMISA 1 8 gym-, laundiy. C t6, conpj* lk 4*"town $445 + depoo.'CANIM31SC 4-IMMER SUBLEASO'In Freft-rick Gorn. I BR/1 BA. -may.-hug Is,.-4jw )SO to, UF (onbtis Muti) kjop Posit. Call Kyung 376-1$1,1 6935) 371-4912 (h) 4-2-3-3 Mmer Sublease w/opth to rwto* 10-0 490 houbi Wg$kN M. Ouiet str"4" rdWQ*d floors.,$$ 14. SUBLEASE 

PAGE 20

S i• we EILOW N. -Dumas Univ. Av. c. defirm, extra-thick Ihe1x. Name brand, $ t.Sacrfice $180. call If0 deliver 4-24-71-6 kL SIZE ORTHOPEDIC pmatress &,box. New, unused, wi/warranty. Can deliver. $440. Call 352-377-9846. 4-24.Ki'ng Pillowtop mattress & box Orthopedic rated. Name brand, hfvrj sed rIn plastic with warranty. $230. Call 352-372-8588. Can de4-24-71-6 llRYSLEIGH'BED, solid with PillowWifes.& Box. All new still boxed, $1500, sacrifice $550 352-271-5119 ROOM SET. 7-pc Cherry. akitngbed, dresser wI mirror, 2 Mtnd, chet avail. Dove-tal. New, q.Cr. Retl $6500 must 04#01 S 1400 (352) 312-7490 4$JI new in boxes w/ W. Sacrifice $1,700. an deliver. 4-24-71OMPUTfER DESK bln person-ma76-1935 or 376OW FUR NITURIE-:Goodcond. 4*ka, Wesser,mInor, 2 end-taiedboard, double 'bed wif rame. 16. Call 367-1923. 4-3-10-8 O O Beautiful cherry set w/taprnale chairs, hutch & buffet. Win boxes Retail $5200; sacrifice I&W sell. Can deliver. 352-372'04-246 S*oll oak mission-style frame 4s. O and new,',al unusedin box. ,0 c~i4 defIver..362-a77-9646. 4. "P00O0,Call 278:It 44 Moving soon. Ock04Wqfma */cushion$150, ~*in*la~fl boxspring $40, ~Ws r4~$0 &miscellaneous. Oue en& full beds Apt. "for i$ae Perfect Cono Plese, call 377-3398. with 4 solid oak Windsor awer sofa 6' medium blue wcallnt cond. Nonsmoktoy306-462-0627. 4-5-5-6 r sale. Twin size.Two firm --&=. .... ..0-..__ v. most new conton. IOC, -4-3-3-6 722 4. Main The Red':"6 WE ARE CHEAPER 4-24-71-8 GATOR CAR ALARMS Take a bite out of crime $99.95 Installed FREE. Gainesville's oldest car alarm and,.car stereo specialty store. 373-3754 Audio Outlet. 4-24-71-8 Is Cheaper Better???? Check out Safari AudioWorx 337-0966 336-1128 4-24-71-8 Want your stereo alarm or Video System to be fixed right the first time? Check out Safari AudioWorx *2 Convenient Locations* 1931 N. Main Street 337-0966, 3550 SW 34th Street 336-1128.4-24-71-8 9 BICYCLES In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted sat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds. 10 FORSAILE PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranted. 60 sec to UF. Reserve nowl Reasonable rates. 352-538-2181. Can leave mssg. .4-24-71-10 PARTY SUPPLIES: Complete line of Bar Supplies, glassware, beer taps, draft beer, equipment, Professional Cooking Utensils. R.W. Beaty Co. 4322 NW 13th Street, Gainesville 376-5939 8-19-24-10 MOTORCYCLES, 11 &MOMES *SCOOTERS*MOTORCYCLES* (MZ) MQsquito, Mosquito SX, etc. INo Shipping or Assembly Feesl 2 yr Factory Warranty. ModemSvc Dept Factory trained techs. 518SE 2id St. 377-6974 or www.RPMMotorcycles.com. 4-24-71-11 *MZ Scooters & German Motorcycles* 2 year factorywarranty. Gu ranteed service & parts. 50cc now going for $1649.00 www.rpmmotorcycles.com SE 2ndSt.& 6th Ave. 377-0974. 4-24-47-11 $1. : New Scooters-4 Less New mopeds, scootrs, and ATVs Cheapest prices, many under $1,100 'w--rwsco"ter Full w8rrt-2tles4 : i: -Wwnewscootrs41esscom 646-6524. Deandbe New Mope*ds Save a :ssy PsArldtg AvaniMont Mopeft $750 No Parking Permit Required 352-2229261 4-4-5-11 12 AUTOS *FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CAR• *Running or notl@ *NEED HONDA. TOYOTA, PICKUPS *Call Don @ 376-9317 CARS-CARS Buy 0 Sell 0 Trade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTOSALES 373-1150 4-14-71-12 DON'T BUY A LEMON Complete on-site inspections by certified master mechanic. Hate to shop? Let us shop for you! CAR SEARCH 375-5924. www. mycarsearch.net 4-24-71-12 CARS FROM $500 Police impounds & tax repos. For current listings. Call (800)319-3323 ext. 4622. 424-71-12 ** FAST CASH PAID ** FOR ANY CAR OR TRUCK Running or Not Call Segovia 352-284-8619 4-24-71-12 4 Teno ..----92 Mo epo........ 87 Acura Legend--------' 338-f1999. 4-24-45-12 .. 88 Sub SW----.............. 92 Gao Storm....... ....eb 89 Honda Civic------......... $M', 9i Ford Aerostar------338-1999. 4-24-45-12 91 lsuzuI mpulse.--........$11 Ca 81 Volvo---..-..,...$1199 cash 94 Dodge.Shadow-......-...$1499 cash 93 Pont Tranport-.....-$1499 cash 338-1999. 4-24-45-12 90 Todte Van............ $1799 cash 9$Chevy (fte ........------'s 9$ aturnS.ntr.-..........$1999as 95 oda CSphia-.......-$199 cash 338-1999 4-24-45-12 8§ Cadilac-------------$1999 cash, 93 Ford Taurus------$1909 cash 9-3 Mustang-------$1999 cash 95 PontlactGranid AM -~..$2499 cash 338-1 999. 4-24-45-121 95 Toyota Tercel--------...$2999 cash 95 Toyota Corolla--------..$4999 cash 96 Nissan Sentra--------..$4999 cash 95 Honda Civic---------.....$4999 cash 338-1999. 4-24-45-12 94 Toyota Camry....... 98 Kia............... 98 Isuzu Pk-up......... 98 Chevy S-10.......... 338-1999. 4-94-45-12 $4999 cash $4999 cash $6499 cash $6999 cash TRY US ONLINEI Gainesvillte Onjine Car Sates wwwGOCSnow.com TOYOTA COROLLA 99 52k, white, tinted window, manual, perfact cond. $8995 080. Call Gerald 337-! 0206 or 281-1411 4-915-12 Sacrifice must sell11990 purpleSophia less than 78.5K, 4DR c6loA/C spoiler AM/FM CD stereo factoiy 0 ment, asking $5500. 'Cal(352) 214401 or after 6pm. 386-496-1058. 4-5-10,12 1997 Black VW Cabrio teethersnterler 51,000 miles, PS, PW, 5-s ed, reat condition $10,00 obo, Cal219-3848Pif interested 4-2-5-12 Reitz Union Boardpresents... Tueday, April 2, 2002 8:00 pm, Reitz Union Audioriu A talented guitarist with-an uncanny sense of comic timing, Lynch's boyish looks stand in stark contrast to the dark comedy that he sings in his outrageousiy funny one man stage show. if you Like Adom Sandier, ..;III' I I• .-, pooo !i; 

PAGE 21

anomees the opening for Editor Summ erC Semese E1~ 6f 

PAGE 22

'4 mess. ness. 184som. 4-4WoiW WS nas. wk, iero i Ean fabulous vaosihA 10fe .Contact 6 .1*21119 4 -24-72-14 wr $To~ Pay Old Year Bills? 61t 4061 Today Fora Job edlttlyf Opinion research S. Perceptive Market ReATTEIONM STUDENTS 0 1 11 BASE -APPT. 0 Flex PTFT; cust svc/sales. Will train. No-or-todf and" no telemarketing. chourshlpm Conditions apply 352-336.4003.workfo4studentscom/np Attractlve females who smoke needed for Ingkionai telephone interview. Selected 4ersaM $50. Toll free 888-401-9667, please leave your name and number and call will be returned ASAP. 4-24-70-14 $1500 weekly potential mailing our circulars For info call 203-977-1720. 4-23-69-14 CaUtoerRep APPLY NOW FLEXSCOEDS Natl co. filling immed. openings. $11.50 guar-appt. PT/FT, cust sales, conditions apply (359)336-4003 www.zf9.com/np CAMSH Tired of sitting around wtout it? Sit here + make ilUF FLORIDA REPDIALS seeks P students to raise-funds. Earn up to S8 00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedule. Apply Wt 106 NW 16th St 4th floor, (Behind Burgr King on University.) or call. 39277 4 foir more info. 400 COUINSELOR4 TM6TOAS neededCoed-sutmier *ap*in-Peoe Mtns, PA. Apply ortlai w.n w*ohIkan.com or call Lohlkn1,-800 -.4321. TOP SALARY PAID 4-10-5514.. Interested in Modeling? Visit http://www.danncaps.com/modeinn.htt for info on this exciting opportunity.' 4-24English and Spanish speaking phone interviewers needed for opinion surveys. Flexible hours, no sales. Call 336-6760 ext. 4081. 4-24-47-14 STRIPPERS WANTED IMMEDIATELY Apply French Addiction (17 yrs in bus.) 373-6628. 4-12-31-14 Make $1000 per week Working in your free time Mailsforyou.com 4-5-20-14 ANNOUNCING: FIREFIGHTERS & POLICE OFFICERS NEEDED. LIVE YOUR DREAM! Visit www.jobs9l1 .com TODAY! 4-9-20-14 WANTED WEBCAM BROADCASTER. Like those seen on voyeur sites. Paid weekly. Choose own hours. NO fees. Earn $25 + hourly. Start immediately. http:buzzcams.com 1-888-657-2294. 424-31-14 BARTENDERS NEEDED EARN UP TO $250 PER DAY WILL TRAIN CALL 866-291-1884 X 900 4-12-23-14 Internship for web developers & web designers! 1 mo, 25-30 page project. Seeking students wistrong HTML or graphic design skills who need commercial website exp 81 invest0bellsouth.net 4FL; 2604. 3965 4-14, VALET PA RKIN Full-Time peop. wanted.Must be ustomer-service oiented"&'dependablw. Call John 0 259-6394 GOODPAY. ;:4-2SWIM INSTRUCTORSFT/PT May thru Aug. $6.50-8.50/hr. Must love children & swimming. Will train. Tampa 813-9325455 or Lutz 813-948-7134 e-mail sealswimts@aol.com 4-12-21-14 Copy Editor/Reporter at Palatka Daily News. PO Box 777Palatka, FL 32178 or e-mail aclark~palatkadailynews.com 42-10-14 CAMP COUNSELORS NEEDED! Residential Easter Seals Camp now hiring energetic counselors to assist disabled adults and children in activites such as ropes course, swimming, A&C, animals, etc. Salary + R&B, 352-383-4711, camp@fl.easter-seals.org 4-16-20-14 STOP STARVING STUDENTS! Make xtra $$I Go to www.tipguides.com Simply click on Student Interest! 4-17TIPS TO RAISE YOUR GPA!! Send $5 ck & return address to: OJO Publishing, 1642 Palo Santo Dr. Campbell, CA 95008. 4-17-20-14 DYNAMIC BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY Good Income. Hot Market. NO door to door sales. Free NO Obligation. Informa tion www.LifeLongRewards.com 800925-0922. 4-12-17-14 SAW HEACTHY Z Kmng t06feiy d*eM sod doorhangers. All shifts, flexoblhours. Contact Raynond@ 256-7993. 4-9-20-14 **GATOR MOVING** P/T, FT, flex hrs. Good pay, lip. advancement. Apply 505 NW 3 Ave B/T Main NW 13 St. Bring friend to work with. 4-24-25-14 COACHES NEEDED: CHEERLEADING, TUMBUNG, SUMMER DAY CAMP. PARTIES & MISC ACTIVITIES. Sun Country 378-8711; 4010 NW 27th Lane, 4-5-1014 Summer jobs City qf Guinesille, Lfeguid or Payoatnp Calf Steven 334-5000 x 535 or Check out web. www.statefl.u$/gvl Start today, be read for Summel -Positions available for full or partftime in sales, Gatormania in Oaks Mall. Call 3312333 or 331-1831. 4-5-9-14 SALES ASSOCIATE F/T and P/T for hotel. Hourly & bonus. Weekdays & weekends. Friendly attitudes w/good customer svc skills. Apply in person: 4021 SW 40th Blvd. 4-8-10-14 OUTGOING PEOPLE wanted for upcoming film & modeling projects. NO experience necessary. Please call Eric 0 813-477-4221 for more info. 4-5-5-14 Earn extra ico .m schedule. Full ta~n ATTRACTIJVE-$ERSOK*A Sto. A:st &. -rw"n rands, C*MWtr,.apmp'_, ings & events. 20+ hwk *m WI opportunities. 01-inguala -Plus.:-xoetlatt pay. Send resume to, PMB 5220.P.O.BOX 147050 Gville 32614. 4-8-14 TRAVEL'COORDINATORS $300/$800 wk .--CA$. BONUSES No experience necessary. 271-7870. 4-2-5-14 NOW HIRING FOR SUMMER INTERNSHIPP Sales, Management, & Malketjng, Program open to UF & SFCC students. Avg student earns $7,200 & 3 hr. credit. Call 352-336-1915 between 9am-bpm. SW Co LUNCH RECEPTIONIST M-F 11"-1. Friendly, neat in appearance. Start imvne6 diately $5.50 hr. Call Larae 0 336-1594. 43-5-14 PITCHER NITE AT FARAHS ON THE AVE WED NITE ONLY BUY AJPIOF BEER IET TEN OF FARAIS 'FA. MOUS WINGS FREE 1120 W UNIVAVE., ACROSS 6 Whec Helen hafts, 10 EgyptIan cobras 14 Circle lno$s 15 Waves lrom a boat 1 R.a annoy 17KnOet time Indian 20 2000Otym s 21 Tossed-couse 31:W ot three Cape, 36 Brakes bread 37 Diamond lo3-lso 2 Mai 3 Peculiar 4 Lash locales 5 Frog's perch 6 Guitar sound 7 Fury 8 'You betcha!" 10 Plnball place 11 Knlghtperson 12 Beseech 13 Sparow's snack 18 Prepare for printing 21.Auctoners last word 22 Keyboard key 23 Jewish Sscripture 24 Knight clothes 27 Barcelona bravos 29 What some guzzlers guzzle 30 "50s Idds' TV host Lee 32 Farm bloater 34Waftng 35 Discredit 37 Grain grinder 38 Gimlet liquor 40 Hypotenuse, .e.g. 41 Victory margins at the track 43 Hardships 44 Fruit peel 45 Hammett private eye Sam 46 Personal instructor 47 Old Ford model 51 Force out 52 First king of Israel 54 Classic auto 55 Two-piece piece 56 Actor Chaney 57 High school subj. ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE: S CAM ROMFIFE S OAT .A ST T IFi0 P0.1. 0O R TEE E N A E9, ~ enmiu THE BOONDOCKS FRAZZ cUJ BY AARON MOGRUDER BY JE uE 'Vim, .. S LosAngeles Times Daily Crossword Puzzle Edited by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis 

PAGE 23

40E, O~E 1120 -11W VOW WIW jN-ONLY NO CARIRY-OWiT: 4.7: TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? .me shop helper wanted. 2PM-SPM ~Clean driving record, persortal t pW required. Close to campus. Appl* "son 2205 SW 13 St. 4-24-26-14 ORERS & PAINTERS d extra cash?? FT/PT. Pay based on No exp needed. Call Tim 362W. 54-4-5-14 EOICAL HELP WANTED* LPN, MA, kand x-rayle, ch needed full-ime or time, experienced only,. fax resume -717, 4-4-5-14 WI1NG FOR'GRADUATE INTEROR' RONER for fun-time position starting .f May. Ocala ares.Please call Tracy ll08-4950 between 10AM & 4PM. 4.4 I Thme Positions Avai~ab. ly at 3721'W University:Ave bF7OM3-6-30 M-F. 4-3-4-14 L0 CARE, PLAY LEADERS. RECEPNISTS & CAFE SUPERSTARS., re, leid right away. Our enrichmeot wof4ted Continues to expand-& we r r 0DQg enthusiastic &, tOtP"eel#to maeus world famoWi VU~ lberry Rd. across fred. to apply. Makea "o#r" t# I @1f children, EOE. r4_3+4 OUNTIJ4G 8TuoDk hu assistants for I check writing. 1360" Idule -flexble. afn22%r, j.~ !019. 4-121-10-14 eli/Actors Needed: rtuniles Include TV c m tads, small film roiesAw'1 StCntc tephen at *delscouto yahocom 41246,4 tlfmer Service Rep Pt B Open Infinite EegIC. if 81 & Customer aeryt6o.~ t" ted. Type 45 cwpm, btmingu#_lt 25/hr. -Fax rsme to Ialo ,no c alls. 4-24-24-14' mtemnational Companly is -adig Seeking highly mOivaed peol a CountriesMuli nd Free info: wwb.ut,m.00,01 (18-4 )311M Very driver oa" Car ly in erMi -Stop smoking., Improve *fttiton. Elimnatebad ttypeeRis Lw Stud itRates. Leonard Uimans AAPII, 140 Cott 370-1079. 4-24-. TLC HORSEBOAFID. All facilites & ammenlitles; quality initrc tbon; 165inutes fromn UF. Calian at 37876.Greothouse Equestrian' Center. ** ATOftMOVING & STORAGE Local, and long distance mving. Free Estimates One item or a housefull; Call NowI (352)3744791 800-797-6766.2 4-24417-15 P Pe 4-24-71-1 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 mt~mai mnri novian iimii 4-24 4-24-71-16 THE TRUE VOUI Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $991 Gain musclde hOUeosesfat Groups fotming-now. 339--19.' 4-24-71-48 .t Shduin.Exclusive Facility WOWMS REOUIRCE CEff 'Call for a freeworkobut FRiEE OREQINMfCY TEST 339-2199 377-447 9121MW 13th St. 15 Confient1al -Trlnred Staff, _____________________ 4-24-71-16 IARTIAL ARTS$* Freedom, from, paln. Treat etreeg. has discounts Oville's 'preelr £tu-ce sk .64 Iip6 Ingprograms331 -3 557 4-4w reewiut* deep~osue 04- 

PAGE 24

~,ALUJGATO1I TUESDAY, APRIL 2, 2002 $enior overcomes life of struggles to lead Marland The Assodted Press ATLANTA -For more than 20 minutes, Juan Dixon was nearly invisible, a little man lost in the cavernous Georgia Dome. Then, when Maryland, needed him most in the NCAA championship game, Dixon knocked down two of the biggest shots of the night against Indiana. No way he was going to let this title get away from the Terrapins. Dixon endured too much heartache in his life, losing both parents to the drug culture. He Imard too many people say this skinny kid couldn't make it at a big school such as Maryland. When the Terps were reeling, Dixon was there for them -just as he had been all season. The All-American guard scored 18 points and made five steals Monday night to propel Maryland to its first national title, 64-52 over Indiana. After going 20:22 without scoring, Dixon made a 3-pointer that put Maryland ahead to stay with 9:40 remaining, erasing the only lead the Hoosiers had all night. Then, with the look of a man on a mission, Dixon sank a fadeaway jumper over his designated stopper, Indiana's Dane Fife. Maryland steadily pulled away from that point, overcoming a sloppy performance that threatened to ruin its first appearance in the championship game. "I was patient and let the game come to me," Dixon said. "I can't put into words what this feels like." When the horn sounded, he hurled the ball into the air and collapsed to the court between teammates Lonny Baxter (260 pounds) and Tahj Holdet (247). Somehow, Dixon's 165-pound body held up in the human sandwich. "I may be small, but I'm not weak," he said a day before the game. "I may be 165, but don't let it fool you." Dixon scored I11 points in the first 10 minutes, then Fife clamped down and Maryland struggled to get its dynamic transition game in gear. Dixon was part of the problem, committing seven turnovers. Indiana's Jared Jeffries sent the huge crowd into a frenzy -it was definitely leaning toward the underdog -when he slipped inside for the basket that gave the Hoosiers a 44-42 lead with just under 10 minutes to go. The advantage lasted only 13 seconds; Dixon made'sure of that. Appropriately, a fan held up a sign when it was over: "Thanks Juan." Dixon can thank basketball for providing the refuge to escape his troubled life. His mother, Juanita, often used heroin in the bathroom when Dixon was growing up. His father, Phil, also was a heavy drug user and spent part of his life in jail. Both died of AIDS when Dixon was in high school. But he found peers who could improve the quality of his life, and avoided the temptation to hang out on the Baltimore streets that claimed his-: parents. "They got caught up in the wrong crowd," said Dixon, whose. parents' names, Nita and Phil, are tattooed on his left biceps. Dixon wanted to play at Maryland, but when he came to the school -at 6-foot-3, but weighing just 150 pounds -he was deemed too frail to survive in the Atlantic Coast Conference. Still, he finished as the leading scorer in the history of the program, passing such greats as Len Bias and John Lucas. With his college career over and the NBA awaiting, Dixon gave one of his biggest hugs to Maryland coach Gary Williams. "He took a chance on me," Dixon said. "I love him for that." .U ... ... Looking for the perfect to vacation? Li V w place Check the Alligator Classifieds for good suggestions. F Advertise in the Graduation 2002 special edition and thank over 6,000 graduating UF seniors for their support, or advertise graduation gifts, products or services suitable for the graduate. Jewelry Clothing Stores Deadline: April 3 Restaurants o Photo Supplies Car Dealerships Florists Auto Repair Luggage Car Care Electronics Bookstores Travel the independent florida Framincr Stores o* (Card Shonos a tli1 5tOl Issues at Stake: + Towing rates 4 Downtown alcohol policies + Landlord laws Football weekend ordinances You can affect this ele V O TE'::,::i. : .:.:. .., For City Commissioners r pd. pol adv. by X LCULALUL6 IILMJLV-O %-GLAA L.XJLLWF&.;P The 

PAGE 25

',3jf a ted Press .... r Green Monster was transinto a sea of red, white blue and the World Series r was unveiled in Arizona. e the games began, Pedro rnez and Roger Clemens ere hit hard. opening day at 10 ballparks ida little bit of everything Mony, including packed stadiums. An overflow crowd of 51,638 le largest regular-season turnut in Turner Field's six-year hisrysaw the Atlanta Braves defeat Philadelphia 7-2. It's great to see," Braves left fielder Chipper Jones said "i really didn't notice it until the eighth inning. I looked around and said, AU right.' Maybe we can get these fans excited about the brand of baseball we're going to play." At Camden Yards, where a crowd of 48,058 saw Baltimore defeat Clemens and the New York Yankees 10-3, one of the biggest cheers came when Terrapins coach Gary Williams was sh own on the scoreboard. I:n a taped mensage, Williams wisiedtie Orioles luck and said he hoped to bring home a national title. Also, afan ran along the concourse with a large Maryland flag. At Boston, Fenway Park's famous left-field wall was draped with an American flag for the national anthem as the Red Sox set out to end a World Series drought that has lasted since 1918. Without their own title to celebrate, the Red Sox paid tribute to the Super Bowl chaypioriNew An gM Patrios with23 football players emeong from behind ithe wing. baseballs to. RedSx players. SaeyLwyer Milloy carried the Super Bowl trophy, bringing it to. shortstop Nomar Garciaparra to rub. Martinez, hoping for a healthy season, fell behind '7-1 in the second inning. Boston came back to take the lead, but lost 12-11 to Toronto. Arizona raised the World Sechampionship trophy outot the Arizona'dugout an a replica of the trophy was on display in center.field& Then Randy Johnson punctuated the celebration with a six-hitter, shutting out San Diego 2-0. BUFFET ALLYOU.CAN-EA T PIZZAPPASTASOUP... L-SALAD & GARLIC ROLLS ARCHER SQUARE 3419 S.W. ARCHER RD. 377-7400 m .L i ..' ." I $499. FREE Drink I ALL.YOU.C"N-ET-BUFFET I F 5-close Sat-Sun t-I..C ls A Portrait of Our Worf4 Volunteersfor Tnternationa[Studnt Affairs 2002 Intenationa lMonth 

PAGE 26

'~S ROTA~AJJL ~2QO~ ~S IWiP. ,YAG~31JT SPECIAL K antair.org t asevaul season kicks off time for relaxation ,. Summer has arrived. It doesn't matter that spring just officially began a few weeks ago. As far as Florida is concerned, it's summertime. Two signs told me it was summer. The first one was the sweat that covered my face and caused my shirt to cling to my body as I drove around in my non-air-conditioned car. The second sign was that I was able to come home and turn the television on to a Major League Baseball game. Monday was opening day for most major league teams, marking the beginning of a new season. For me, there is nothing more relaxing than being able to watch baseball in the afternoon. I don't know whether it is the pace of the game, the familiar voices on the telefRsion, the bright green fields or the combination of it all, but something about it gives me a feeling of comfort. During a time when tests and papers are starting to pile up, when it feels like you can't go on, here comes baseball to remind you to slow down and take it one day at a time because there's a long road ahead. Opening day represents just the first game of a 162-game trek that teams must make in a season, and the only way for players and teams to finish that journey is to play one game at a time. Each game makes up less than one percent of a team's season, and each game counts the same whether it is the last day or the first day. Yet, the buildup and anticipation for that first day starts months in advance. In some places, children skip school and igrents take off work to see this one game. For some teams, the-attendance on opening day will be one of the best, if not the best, attendances of the year. In comparison, the National Hockey League and National Basketball Association's first games go relatively unnoticed -hidden by the shadows of football season. 1 But baseball's opening day is able to steal some of the spotlight from the NCAA men's basketball championship and the NHL and NBA playoff races. That's' because this day represents ore than the start of the baseball sean. It represents the arrival of sunny warm weather, laid back days and vacations. So really it's no wonder that people feel strong excitement and enthusiasm when they hear those famOus two words r he i ie Iothe year. Th waiting, Is over. It's time to "play pORTS Poll Question: Does opening day of Major League Baseball interest you? Visit www.alligator.org/spons to vote! Results: Will Indiana's basketball season see continued success in yearsto.come? WW I GAT R. G IORS UEDA, P I ,20 Versatility becomes corner's By Jill Martin Alligator Writer jmartin@alligator.org It might have been April Fool's Day, but UF's defense saw right through the offense. Instead, Monday's football practice was highlighted with several interceptions, including two by cornerback Vernell Brown. "Vernell is a great athlete," cornerback Keiwan Ratliff said. "A lot of people kind of say bad things about him because he's small and he's short, but pound for pound, Vernell is one of the best athletes on this team." Brown has caught Coach Ron Zook's eye more than once this spring. The head ball coach said he has been impressed with Brown this spring and has also been a recent conversation topic with defensive assistant Mike Woodford. The topic concerned the possibility of switching him back and forth on offense and defense. "He's shown that he's a competitor," Zook said. "I like what I see. He's not as big as maybe you'd like him to be, but I think he's a guy that's going to play a lot of football around here." Linebacker Reid Fleming and Ratliff also had one interception each. Ratliff credits Monday's abundance of pickoffs from settling in with the new formations the defense has learned and worked on repeatedly during spring practice. "Interceptions come with basically knowledge," Ratliff said. "If you feel comfortable in the coverages that you're running, you'll feel comfortable out there trying to go after the ball and attack. But if you're out there thinking, then you're not going to be on the attack mode." BOO WHO?: Zook has had a lot to think about ever since he replaced Steve Spurrier as the head ball coach at UF. However, one thing that hasn't crossed his mind is if the crowd will be supportive or not during Saturday's Orange and Blue game. "They're going to boo me in the spring game?" Zook said. "I haven't given any thought to it. To be honest with you there's a lot of things down the road that I haven't given a YES 59% NO 41% JOELkaimnn@nllia TI 1 11 Late stretch to prepare UF for postseason By Gregg Girvan Alligator Writer ggirvan@alligator.org The UF men's tennis team encounters a postseason primer in the next two weekends, with matches against three top-25 teams. Coach Andy Jackson said the matches were important in determining the Gators' seed in the NCAA Tournament. "I would think that a lot of these matches would probably be round-of-16 or quarterfinal type matches in the NCAA if you have a good seed," Jackson said. "I don't know what our seed would be because it is going to be determined in these next tough matches." Assistant coach Michael Hegarty likened the last four regular-season matches to the first in three final schedule segments, with the Southeastern Conference Tournament and the NCAA Tournament being the last two. STILL UNDEFEATED: The No. 1 UF women's tennis team defeated Auburn 4-0 at Auburn. The Gators (14-0, 8-0 SEC) played the game Monday as a makeup game for Sunday's .postponement. The match was stopped after UF reached the four points needed for victory. PRACTICE AND DEVELOPMENT: The focus in practice for the men has been on match strategy and mentality. The matches on the weekend have supplemented the Gators' fitness, allowing the team to focus on non-conditioning training. "I think the hardcore conditioning segments are behind us for this year," Hegarty said. As far as player development, Jackson said the upperclassmen are advancing Trisan Ma"er I Alligator Staff In his freshman year with the UF tennis team, Hamid Mirzadeh will be tested by the fatigue and pressure ol the season's final stretch for the first time. at a quick pace. As for the freshmen, [Hahn] and Matt [Behrmann]." they are in the process of adjusting. The Gators are injury free going into a Hamid Mirzadeh is an example, espedifficult SEC weekend. Jackson said that cially playing at court No. 1 his first has been key to the season's successes. year. "Things have really gone well for us "Freshmen, as the season goes along, this year," Jackson said. "And one of the it gets more difficult, because it's their things being that we have had so few infirst time through it," Jackson said. "The juries." fatigue and the schoolwork and the Jackson also said the Gators have pressure will beat you down. faced opponents that suffered from in"Hamid is just going through what he juries, allowing the Gators to win has to go through to be able to have matches that they may otherwise not sophomore and junior years like Troy have won. "." -": ... ... .. --z .... ..---, .7.:', -,r ,. ..., nw I key asset lot of thought to." Zook has concerned himself solely with focusing on the spring and the off-season, but he has yet to meet with his players and discuss anything pertaining to the season that lies ahead. "I won't let myself think about the games," Zook said. PLAN IN PROGRESS: Zook had been wrest-ling with the idea of changing the format of the Orange and Blue game, but in the end, it seems there won't be much change after all. "We're going to have a game," Zook said. "It's not a definite format. We're going to split it up...the first team versus the second team a little bit." II ---.....•-i ---2 i:-:m L 

PAGE 27

unir amded smfinalis Re, son at the Gary K /Cleveland Gof u~ sophmore Cuiilo is. Invitational. -~ngthe-twenty semiftialists for He is third in school history with Ben Hogan Award, annonced most individual medalist wins with he Friends of Golf and Coonial four behind Chris DiMarco (7) and untry Club, inassociation with Brian Gay (5) the Golf Coaches Association of America. He is a returning player from the The Ben JIogan Award will be pre2001 National Champion lineup and rented to the outstanding male colwas named the SEC and Softspikes lege golfer over the course of the last national Freshman of the Year last 12 months. season as well as All-America honThe presentation will be, made at a ors. black-tie dinner Monday, May 13, at Colonial Country Club in Fort Worth, A list of 10 finalists will be anTexas. nounced on April 16, while the recipThe Hogan Award takes into conient of the award will be announced sideration a player's collegiate and on Friday, May 3. amateur-record from May 1, 2001, to May 1, 2002. No Gator to date has been a recipiVillegas jumped from No. 7 to No. ent of the award. 2 in the national rankings after The inaugural Ben Hogan Award claiming his third victory of the seawas presented in 1990 by the Friends son. of Golf, to a player exhibiting excelHe made the jump after finishing lence in academics as well as college tied for first at the Las Vegas Collegolf as selected by the Golf Coaches giate with top-ranked Troy Matteson Association of America. of Georgia Tech. He also beat out former No. 1 Known as the Heisman Trophy of ranked DJ. Trahan and No. 4 Ryan Collegiate Golf, the winner will be Hybl of Georgia. presented by the Friends of Golf with Villegas shot an 8-under-par 208 a replica of the Waterford crystal trototal, carding 68-69-71 round phy which is displayed permanently scores. at Bel-Air Country Club in Los AnUF Canii The feat garnered him Southeastgeles. JUFjuor ern Conference Player of the Week Vith$eas' third wi honors soon after. Colonial Country Club will present He has also been named the 'Golf the honoree and his school with a rephim fromNo-7toN q World National-Player of the Week aflica of the permanent trophy dis2 in the national rat ter scoring a personal-best 62 to lead played in the Hogan Room at ColoTdwMe i the Gators to their first win of the seanial. Strawberry remains in jail while waiting for co date e Asoiated Press away from entering a niew phase Rouson said Strawberry will T A D l in'his treatment in which he admit to some of the new allegahTAMPA -Darryl Strawberr would have been granted tons, but not all of them. thasto remain in jal until a judge greater privileges, including oc" -decides his fate later this month grater prigs, iac from tC He did specify which rules casional day trips awayfStrawberry acknowledges And While his new attorney -a rural treatment center. 'local civil rights activist and for"He is happy about where he breaking. .mer cocaine addict -reviews hisis ishpyaotweeebrkng cane adis going in his sober life," Strawberry's wife Charisse at-. aso Rouson said. "This is bump tended the court session but deHillsborough Circuit Court the road." dined to comment. Judge Florence Foster on MonStrawberry has also struggled day denied bail for the former with colon cancer and depresRouson said she is continuing New York Yankee while he sion. to stand by her husband despite awaits an April 18 court date on son s his infidelity; the couple have. 'allegations he broke rules at the inRouson said the cancer is now three young children. :residential drug treatment cen-an sh Ar hesieial eateingtw Rouson said he also has gone "She's a loving wife, and she's ter where he was serving two through years of substance a supportive mother who is inyears of house arrest. abuse treatment and, coincidenterested in his growth," Rouson ',Foster commended Strawtally, had the same counselor as said. "She like others get hurt by '",for bein fre e Strawberry did at one South the bumps in the journey. foneryaya.Florida treatment center. She could send Strawberry to Rouson would not elaborate New York Yankee drug coun-7 'prison for as long as 18 months on his past substance abuse. He selor Ron Dock, who has stood b[r violating his probation. : has used his position with the by Strawberry through the nuProsecutors ar seeking NAACP to encourage anti-drug merous violations, said Monday prison tm.atvsthat Strawberry remains detertime.l acsn tepesdn tvismr askceouofmined to fighting his addiction. Darryl RousnutheepresdentsStrawerryawasrkckedsoutro of the St. Petersburg chapter of the Phoenix House dru trat-er saiud Strmaery i vearyhut .the NAACP who began reprement program nearOaaafe pruofmkigayrwtht renting Strawber last week, counselors said he broke many drug use. : said he was hoping to negotiate rules at the program, including witah prosecutors a resolution to having sex with another resi"He wants to get on the other i: the lonlg-running case that will dent, smoking and being uncoside of this," Dock said. ii! Allow Strawberry to continue his operative and disrespectful. Dock said it's normal for. rei! tr eatment. He had been sent there folcovering addicts to break rules/ : April 8 will mark oeyear of lowing a felony conviction from as they begin "acting Out.in( Sbetfor the former slug, er. a a 1999 drug possession and soother ways which don't include [festone he had not been able licitationofprostitutionarrest. drug use. [to reachin 15 years of substance Strawberry originally was , , abuse, Rouson said Monday. placed on probation but vio"They literally don't know Stra wrry wa w ihow to act," Dock said.. [: = Sra bery as one week lated it five times,o ." -" : ,:, : : 

PAGE 28

MIIGAOR, TUESDAY, APRIIL .2, 2002 Terrapins take Ccntro Th 1e Ass Puss started at least 100 games in their careers. ATLANTA star who stepped up and a 00lwund coach -a match made in Maryland, and good enough to turn the Terrapins into national champions. With All-American guard Juan Dixon snapping out of a scoring drought just in time, Maryland ended Indiana's magical tournament run with a 64-52 victory Monday night. This was the Terrapins' first appearance in a national championship game and the senior-laden lineup came through over the final 9:42, pulling away from the Hoosiers to become the fourth Weight No. I seed to win it all. Coach Gary Williams guided his alma mater from the depths of probation 13 years ago to the pinnacle of college basketball. He let his intense demeanor melt long enough to celebrate with his team, which featured four players who had "We had to really grind it," he said. "it took us a good 2 5 minutes before we really ran our offense. Not many coaches get a chance to coach three great seniors like this. It was a thrill for me to watch these guys work hard and get their reward." Dixon scored at least 27 points in four of the first five tournament games, including 33 in the semifinal win over fellow top seed Kansas. He started the title game at that pace, scoring 11 points in the opening 10 minutes. He didn't score again for 20 minutes. When he hit a 3-pointer with 9:42 to play, it gave Maryland (32-4) the lead for good at 45-44 and the Terrapins made sure even a small lead was safe this time. I was trying to be patient," he said. "I was trying to let the game come to me. I hit a big shot." Dixon finished with 18 points and he and lfellow, senior Lonny Baxter -cot*.bined forallthepoints intihe 9-2run that Dixon started with the 3 'and Baxter enided with a.dunk that made it 51-46 with 7:22 to play. 'It's like I'm dreaming right now because I'm part of a-national championship team,' Dixon said. 'A lotof people at home counted me out. But I got better each year." Indiana (25-12), which upset top-seeded Duke then shocked second-seeded Oklahoma in the semifinals, just couldn't come up with another stunner. The team that had thee country almost forgetting about Bob Knight, again used the 3-point shot as its main weapon. The Hoosiers, who were 23-for-32 from behind the arc in the regional final against Kent State and Oklahoma, made eight of their first 12 Monday night. When Jared Jeffries' layup was LookIng for carerexperience that offesmore than a paycheck" mORT fl FaWORHOS frt.h•eNwW•% uyApr. 4@4Mp& ;OdluWit.clcwopom April 10, 2002 9 a.m-3 pm. J.Wayne Reitz Union Ballroom ~s4 i ...-.t w k' v ia ... we iA )ritJhk !* When on with 15 o1s d.l b tp theho stoot ana made just two Of W II shofthind the arc and its dremf b-ithefirst No. 5 seed to Win a national ampionship started to fade. Kyle Hornsby led Indiana" with 14 points, and Dane Fife added 11. Jefries, .the Big Ten's player of the year, finished with eight points on 4-for-Il shooting. The Hoosiers finished 20-for-58 from the field (34.5 percent), the first time in the tournament they shot below 50 percent. The Terrapins, who won 19 of their last 20 games, again were big on the boards, finishing with a 42-31 rebound advantage. "They were definitely physical," Jeffries said. "They did a good job of preparing for us on defense." 410taft"few wwag4tak 044M 
