
PAGE 1

-1'~ S the independent florida Fighting drives toward Baghdad A British Lynx 2 helicopter sets off for a mission as alty count for Americans is 42 dead. Iraqi civilian casualties The Assodated Press American forces battled Iraqi defenders in fierce street fighting 50 miles south of Baghdad on Monday, pointing toward a drive on the capital. Army guards shot seven Iraqi women and children to death when their van refused orders to stop at, checkpoint, officials said. U.S. troops and tanks encountered rocket-propelled grenades and small arms fire in a dawn raid against Republican. Guard defenders of Hindiyah, akey city astride the Euphrates River. Other units fought to isolate Najaf to the south and-prevent attacks on U.S. supply lines. "There are-maneuvers going [onj to try to destroy those divisions that stand in our way of Baghdad, Maj. Gen. Stanley McChrystal said at the Pentagon. He added that more than, 3,000 precision-guided bombs have been dropped on Iraq in the past few days, outof 8,O00in the entire war. in I the northern part of Iraq, commanders saidin assault -on a compound controlled by an. !ai Iraqi group turned up lists of names of suced militants living in the United States. And heavy bombing was3eported dulnthe day, -:y IL .: .. '': -__ .P.: ; froniaxeas-near, m the r-the:to oilfelds 77 ~ bghd4 ~bpblian Gtard We DAN (HUNG: I AP PHOTO dusk falls over Basra, Iraq, on Monday. The official casureach upwards of 4,000 Saddam Hussein and his sons Odai and Qusai, but there was no way of determining when the video was shot. The official casualty count for Americans stood at 42 dead, seven captured and 17 missing. Another 25 British troops are listed as killed in action. There are no official estimates for Iraqi casualties, although officials have said upwards of 4,000 civilians have been killed or wounded. Some defecting Iraqis described harrowing conditions, and not only from America air bombardments, American and British warplanes continued to bomb at will. Thunderous explosions rocked the Baghdad skyline after darl, and smoke billowed from the Old Palace-presidential compound. ..Iraqi-state-run television was briefly bombed off e air, ind aear!ya*telephone' service was Young discusses scholarship cuts By April Simpson and Staci Zavataro Alligator Writers Tuition cuts and the Bright Futures Scholarship Program were topics of discussion at a forum with UF President Charles Young and Provost David Colburn on Monday. The Student Government-sponsored event drew about 20 students concerned about the future economic conditions of the university. "Bright Futures is going to continue in some form at some level," Young said. "We're not proposing to do away with Bright Futures." In a presentation to the Legislature earlier this year, Young outlined the changes, which include raising the Florida Academic Scholars criteria to a 1330 SAT-with an award of $4,000 for each student, a year. Further, the Medallion/Gold Seal criteria would change to include a 1070 SAT and an award of $1,500 for each student, a year. The proposed Florida Scholar in Need program would have students earn a minimum 970 SAT score to be awarded up to $2,000 a year after the distribution of Pell Grant and federaland state-based aid. In addition to the Bright Futures changes, the university itself is looking to add more of its own funding for need-based scholarships. al appreciate access and think it's very important," Colburn said. "I came from a familywhere no one went to co1ffe#1e'He also told the students that b cuts -have measurably fiurt UFs ability to. provide a quality education, Singintellectual disd by large the lossof top because of going to be slim, he added. "We don't have near the staff support that we should have," Colburn said. "We should have that library open 24 hours a day into the weekend. We cannot do that for you." While some university students might dislike the 7.5 percent proposed tuition hike, Young a n d Colburn said the increase will raise university standards and make UF comparable to the universeties of California at Berkeley and Los Angeles, as well as the -University of Michigan. -"There are a lot of pressure points, as you might imagine," Colburn said. "We're not the only ones feeling the effects of this." Young added to the sentiment and said the Legislature might not fully understand the importance of higher education when slashing budgets for state universities. "Investment in education is an investment in the fuColburn ture of the state," he said. "Unless the state of Florida .puts more money into the University of Florida and other state universities, we're going to see a downward spiral pattern." In light of these budget constraints; Gonzalo Frias, liberal arts and sciences junior,, asked Young to justify his recent salary increase. "Thejustification was that I'm -worth five-times -that amount," lie joked before he said. the ard .f.Trustees felt -the salawas-itoo1low to saf& 0t*ed~wt h l ary tbie 4,or enbrw -7 

PAGE 2

2; ~ INBRE AgingThe UF Institute of Learning in Retirement presents -"The Role of Physical Activity in Successful Aging" with guest speaker Wojtek Chodzko Zajko from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. The event will be held from 8 to 9 a.m. in the McKnight Brain Institute Room LG-101. It is free and open to the public. Call 265-8036 for more information. own~ TODAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY 70/44 77/51 S 80/54 In-state graduate tuition was raised 27.22 percent. Out-of-state graduate tuition was raised 34.72 percent. In-state and out-of-state tuition was raised 27.70 percent. We reported otherwise in Monday's Alligotor. We regret the error. The AIIIgotorstrives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. If you find an error, please call the editor at 376-4458 or send an e-mail to editor@alligator.org. AROUND THE WORLD Killer virus causes quarantine in public building HONG KONG (AP) -Health officials sealed off an apartment building andquarantined, all 240 residents Monday after reporting an alarming jump in new cases of a mystery flu-like disease. More than 600 people in this city are believed to have the dangerous respiratory infection, and almost half of those live in the Amoy Gardens apartment complex. Officials reported 92 new cases in the complex on Monday. Severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, has prompted officials in Asian countries to enforce little-used quarantine laws, close schools and impose new health screenings on travelers. The disease, which has no proven treatment, also continued spreading in other affected hot spots, such as Singapore and Toronto. In Canada, which has declared a health emergency, Toronto authorities reported that at least two children had been hospitalized with the disease, and three others were showing symptoms of it. But they would not give details. The World Health Organization said Monday-that experts hope to pinpoint the cause soon, and signs continue to point to the coronavirus, which causes about one-fifth of all colds. Hitoshi Oshitani, the WHO coordinator for SARS, said he believes scientists will determine the cause soon, possibly within days. "But this doesn't mean we will find the specific treatment for this disease within the short time period," he said. U.S. accuses Pakistan of sharing nuclear secrets ISLAMABAD, Pakistan (AP) Washington accused Pakistan's largest nuclear facility of sharing technological know-how to make weapons of mass destruction or missiles capable of delivering them, a U.S. Embassy spokeswoman said Monday. Linda Cheatham said another country was involved and refused to say which. But a North Korean firm, Changgwang Sinyong Corp., was also slapped with sanctions, apparently for its alleged role in missile transfers with Pakistan. The Bush administration imposed two-year sanctions on KISTIN MOER / ALUIGATOR Psychology junior Tiffany Way and engineering senior John Ligas take a break between classes to snooze. Khan Research Laboratories, or KRL, Cheatham said. The sanctions took effect Monday and ban all US. sales and contracts with the laboratory. Pakistan's Ghauri missile series -tested last October and capable of carrying a nuclear payload deep into India -is a copy of North Korea's Nodong missile, the Federation of American Scientists has said. Cheatham said the lab allegedly made "material contributions" to another country's efforts to 'use, acquire, design, develop and/or secure weapons of mass destruction and/or missiles capable of delivering weapons." The Pakistanigovernment has denied similar accusations in the past. It had no immediate comment on the latest charge, though it called the decision to impose sanctions unjustified. volume 96 ISSN 0889-2423 number 131 the independent florida alligator Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Fla. Newsroom 376-4458 Fax: 376-4467 Editor ............................................. Heather Leslie Managing Editor / Print ............................... Jason Brown Managing Editor / New Media ......................... Stephen Link Assistant New Media Editor ......................... Brandon McCoy Sports Editor........................................... Jill M artin Assistant Sports Editor .............................. Jeremy Fowler News Editors ......................... Laura Merritt, Jennifer Valdes Editorial Page Editor ............................. Cameron Ackroyd Editorial Board.......................Sarah Anderson, Andy Davis ...................................... Ryan Kent, Devon Nunneley Detours Editors.....................Stephen Feller, Jason Venture Alligator Online E-m ail ........................................... letters 0 alligator. org W eb .......................................... http://www.alligator.org Display Advertising Voice: (352) 376-4482 Fax: (352) 376-4556 Advertising Director ....................................... Brad Smith bsmith @alligator.org Retail Advertising Manager .......................... Jill Zanni Rodriguez Advertising Office Secretary .................................Lisa Akly Advertising Office Assistants ................................ Amy Vance .Laura Lovejoy Classified Advertising Voice: (352) 373-FIND Fax: (352) 376-4556 Classified Advertising Manager ................. Ellen Light ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerk .................................. Leah Zssimopulos ...................................... ................ Beth O'Neil .................. ................ .............. Jen Alexander Sales Representptlves Bert Matteson Elizabeth Ma.fsatt Emily Tortorella Nicole Shults Camefia Islam nAmy Pierce Mary Riley Elizabeth Marum Josh Hall Dave Naylor Jennifer Johnson Intern Coordinator ............................ Amy Vance Circulation Operations Manager .................................. Scott McKeamin smckeaman@afigator.org Operations Assistants .................................... Joseph Floio ..................................................-. ..A rt Assistant Detours Editor ............................. Jana Adelman Photo Editor ......................................... Matt Marriott Assistant Photo Editor ................................. David Zentz Copy Desk Chiefs ..................... Annie Dallas, Angel Dieguez, ...................................Julie Halladay, Jonathan Lorenzo Copy Editors...............Ashley Holmes, Kristin Hoyer, Tom Gries, ..............Steve Kirschner. Natalie Liem, Brenda Lee. Kelly Lyons, .Christine Mechanik, Tessie Olivera, Jennifer Schaefer, Emily Seawell, .....................................................Polly W erner Staff ......................... David Fox, Gregg Girvan, Joel Kaiman Photo Staff .... Jennifer Katsamantou, Kathryn Kuypers, Allison LaBine Business Voice: (352) 376-4446 Fax: (352) 376-4556 Comptroller ........................................... Delia Kradolfer dkradolteraigator.org Bookkeeper .......................................... Paula Richards Accounting Clerk ................................ Joe Gandolff Student Accounting Clerks: ................................ Alison Mims .Shahab Nabavi .....................................................Shead Rehm an ...............................................Jade M im s Administration Voice: (352) 376-4446 Fax: (352) 376-4556 General Manager................................ ....C.E. Barber center@ alligator.org Assistant General Manager. .... ...... Patricia Carey tcarey afllgator.org Administrative Manager .................................. Stacey Ledvina sledvinaaligator.org Administrative Assistant .............................. Lenora McGowan Imcgowan0aigator.org Administrative Clerk ................................. Jackie MontIosil Production Production Manager .................................. Vem Bean vbean@aiiigator.org Assistant Production Manager............................... L Debi Jones Ad Production Staff ......... Darnaris Claude. Sarah Dixon, Chrsta Lucihurst .... I.issa Prenner, Joelle Seligson. Maisa Kopa, Shire Pinsier, ConnieHuang .......................... Drew Abramson, James My. Shane Rogers Editorial Production Staff ................... Allssa Fischetti, Dori Fuiaeg ...... ................Nichole Wilson. Stephanie Gocilin Applications now available in the Florida lueey Office Due April 4th at 4pm A'' The Independent Florida Aligatoris a student newspaper serving the Unlversty of Florida, pushed by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization. a tax-! .Floida educational institution. Campus Communications Inc.. P.O. Box 14257, Gaineville, FL 32504-2257. Th A lgaltors published Mony through Friday moiring 22M = holidays and exam penoads. Duing I.F summer academic leftu Aegois nulibbad Tueaidv Thursaftymkmii The Aligaor' oI ? !p -M FlOaPress Association andt o utem o SUBSCRIPTIO RATES One Semeste (Fall or Spring). $..!15 Summer Semelte............$8 ... Two Semesters (Fall and Spring).....$29 Full Year(All Semesters):.......$35 The Aigtor offices are located aot1105 W.UnkvnsqyAve Casllsdant pcan at that station fr m .to 4p.m. Mondi -.r. ., 

PAGE 3

A~AW~AI~ j m pride awareness month 2003 Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday 1 2 3 4 5 Pride Fest Candlelight Vigil Talent Show Shane & Rachel Pride Picnic, Reitz Union Reitz Union Reitz Union Road Rules Kanapaha North Lawn Amphitheater Grand Ballroom North Lawn Botanical 10 am to 2 pm 8pm 7pm 8:30 pr Gardens, 1 pm After Party Jetset, 11 pm 7 8 9 10 11 12 PSU Elections Coffee Night at Laramie Project Music Showcase Gator Nights Queer Volleyball Reitz Union 286 Maude's, 9 pm Reitz Union Rion Reitz Union Reitz Union, 9 pm SW Recreation 8 pm Ballroom, 7 pm Colonnade, 7 pm Center, 2 pm 14 15 16 17 18 19 Social, TBA 150 Years Elvira Kurt America's Divas Jetset, 11 pm Lake Waubur, of LGBT History, Reitz Union Reitz Union Rion Reitz Union Bus Reitz Union Grand Ballroom Ballroom, 7 pm Stop, 12:30 pm Auditorium, 7 pm 7 pm 21 22 23 24 25 Film Festival Awards Ceremony Jetset, 11 pm Reitz Union Jetset, 10:30 pm Auditorium 8pm&lOpm PAM Ball, 11 pm Shan ad Rw Shane and Rachl Road Rules: After Party ~~ Jetse 11-pm 16 Comedy Showcase: Ehia Kurt Reitz Union Grand Ballroom 7 pm 17 America's Divas Reitz Union Balroom 7 p ill~U~ it6 aboutfk not.... ihPdM e at 4)-7" 

PAGE 4

Ai iii f'Airtl1D IN CThAV A0lDFI '71 '34A '4, ftLLP..flhi~JI~, I ~ iLL L~LA.. L, ~ Pride Student Unionsolves radio sponsorship conflict By Amy Pedman Alligator Writer aperlman@alligator.org After deciding not to broadcast at-a-Pride Student Union carnival, KISS-FM 105.3 has offered to make promotional public service announcements about the event. PSU President Michael Roedel said that accepting the offer for the event today from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on the Reitz Union North Lawn does not lessen how the organization feels about the situation. The radio station decided not to broadcast from the "Pride Stu PSU carnival. still feels KISS-FM cited the potenstil fel tial for controversy in being should hay associated with an organizaand strong tion for gays, lesbians, bisexthe way uals and transgender indireacted. V viduals as a reason for its backing d change in policy concerning the dislik( the event.towards t Student Government froze Mi any money going to the station Wednesday. So far that policy has remained unchanged, Student Body President Nikki Fried said. Doug Gillen, president of Gillen Broadcasting Corporation, offered t6 make the PSAs Friday afternoon, but Roedel took the weekend to think about whether or not to accept the offer. The PSU executive board decided to accept the offer Monday night because they want to promote the activities, Roedel said. "Pride Student Union still feels KISS-FM should have deejayed and strongly opposes de K ve Ily KI We do% .ev he chain PSt the way KISS-FM reacted," he said. "We are not backing down from the dislike we have towards the station." Although Gillen did not return phone calls Monday, he previously toldthe Alligator that the station does not broadcast from events that some listeners might consider controversial. "I feel that if we sponsor an event, that it is an endorsement," he said Wednesday. "I feel with issues of gay pride and people that feel differently, we feel that we should not get involved and take sides." ,nt Union Although the station will -ISS-FM play PSAs, it has not publicly deejayed apologized to the group, opposes Roedel said. ISS-FM ROCK-FM 104 will broadD are not cast live music from noon to 2 wn from p.m., but not in response to KISS-FM canceling, PSU Treawe have surer Frank Monzon said. station." "We just wanted live music Uel Roedel out there," he said. ;U president The carnival will feature a bungee run, inflatable obstacle course and live music to kick off Pride Awareness Month. Other Pride Awareness Month events include the annual talent show Thursday at 7 p.m. in the Grand Ballroom. There will also presentation on 150 years of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender history, which will take place at 7 p.m. in the Reitz Union Auditorium. Comedy Central's'Elvira Kurt will-perform on April 16 at 7 p.m. in the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom. District 4 candidates share UF ties, views on city issues By Kimberly Jones Alligator Writer kmjones@alligator.org When it comes to electing a candidate for Gainesville City Commission District 4, it may seem like trying to chose between mirror images. Both Craig Lowe and Brad Guy are Democrats in their mid-40s, graduated with master's degrees from UF, worked for UF and hold similar views on city issues. such .as the rave ordinance. They share a passion for Gainesville, evident in their commitment to different organizations, and both feel they have something unique to contribute to the commission that only they provide. Brad Guy loves hands-on involvement, even if it means digging in the dirt. Since moving to Gainesville 10 years ago, his involvement has stretched from the neighborhoods to the parks. In 1995, he started work with community gardens by developing a children's garden at the Porter's community center.. "Community gardens to me are the most perfect thing. They're green space," he said."They allow people to growtheir own food. They provide a way for people to come together., IHe spentsixyears on the City Plan Board and is a member of the East Gainesville SPROUT Task ForceIf electedvGuy hopes toimplem nt thepec'ts bhe'k woked on meat a I ehi the tnpkrede lbpment andenacg the neighborhod plaung pf"WUts Q~nisUniversity Avenue intoa busone of -Guy's visions. -fToday] you never seethe World except through the windshield of your car," Guy said. As a UF alummsnda residea ,he feels he represets District 4 well because ofthe friendships he's formed (with his ei~hbors. W l1hatrs where I live And wo&Ik lknqwA loto Ip~bpt in the nihorodand I can -be really effective." Opposing Guy on the ballot is Craig mission candidates Lowe. Lowe believes in equal opportunity, even if it means addressing unpopular issues. As president of the Human Rights Council of North Central Florida, he lobbied the city to include sexual orientation in its anti-discrimination law. "My focus as an advocate for equal opportunity sets me apart from my opponent," he said. A resident of Gainesville for 21 years, Lowe volunteered for several organizations, including the Human Rights Board and the Alachua County State Committeemen for the Florida Democratic Executive Committee. .. wanted to do the most I can to affect positive change in those areas."Lowe feels people shoiiklvote frhim because he offers astrong consistent vo e on progressiveisues that differs from his opponent because of the maturity he's gaieO low, e ,ip c -a. OI::problem owe ifis wilncrasng Even thoM'gbrAW*Af Pbout fiw ,b*betaINiW bNA-OMP -WL1i*& b*dhetI _M *NOLIWW /IAUWATOR Gator great Former Gator Olympian John Capel signs autographs at the 2003 Coca-Cola Florida Relays on Saturday. 1 

PAGE 5

Senator decries lack offundin for state security. ,~ ... .. ..... t' ByloolUstor l. rite Alligator Staff Writer jcuster@alligator.org TALLAHASSEE -The federal government is not giving state and local governments enough money to fulfill their new homelandsecurity obligations, said U.S. Senator Bill Nelson, D-Fla., on Monday. President Bush has requested more than $4 billion in extra funding for homeland security for this year, including $2 billion for the newly created Department of Homeland Security that would go to local and state governments. But Nelson and others in Congress say that isn't enough to reimburse cash-strapped local governments that have been forced to pay bigger security bills since Sept. 11, 2001. "Requirements are being thrust on state and local governments because the administration refuses to put in the funds that should be there for homeland security," Nelson said in a meeting with state Democrats. He said the federal government was asking states to upgrade security at airports and seaports, but wasn't providing the extra cash to pay for it, leaving local governments to pick up the tab. Florida, which is a major tourist destination and has 14 deep-water ports, is especially difficult to protect. "This is a matter of national security, and you're just not getting the funds," he said. Nelson also criticized the military for calling up National Guard and reserve troops -many of whom are police or firefighters in civilian life -for long-term commitments they might not have expected when they signed up. He said the National Guard was created to react to short-term emergencies, not to staff peacekeeping missions in Bosnia or wage long-term military campaigns in Iraq. Since Sept. 11, 2001, National Guard and reserve troops have guarded airports and seaports and performed other security duties, but their strength has been sapped by the war with Iraq. About 7,500 have been called up from Florida so far. However, state Sen. Paula Dockery, R-Lakeland, chairwoman of the Home Defense, Public Security and Ports Committee, disagreed with Nelson's claims. She said she had seen no indication from Brigadier Gen. Douglas Burnett, who commands the Florida National Guard, that his forces were stretched thin. And she said the state was receiving plenty of money from the federal government, briefing her committee Monday afternoon on the more than $81 million Florida would receive if the president's budget request is approved by Congress. 01 think there is a high level of federal funding," she said. "The key is getting the flexibility to use it." Much of the new federal money would go to ensure that different police, fire and paramedic units can communicate and cooperate with each other. Three million dollars would go to create a standard ID badge system for the state's ports, and Dockery said at lea $1 million would be needed to implement emergency plans for the state capitoL Sen. Stephen Wise, R-Jacksonville, vice chairman of. the home defense c ittee said he was concerned WithpP Yl for ecuti a t the sates busy deep-water pottsIncu Ing Io t fdite In his district. Some fear c~tl~li nclarbllisialor chemical *a oIn i etioi h p6lrscreened cn tes of the l's cargo. Flo 4Zb5dtorey .f the est port secu ...,+ t1 + .n~g I cured a large tW~afo~tem -bt Wise "We'ip i ~ d. -.We've set .n ~ eid .=o of it. our.selves. .ke p k I con serv.ati Gas hie spssar gasoline By A da Groover Alligator Contributing Writer UF graduate student Amy Tomas pulls into the gas station with dread. The sign on the road says a gallon of & 1.79. The tank of her Eclipse is so empty-tne-warnin-t 1ht-i,-iiking red. And she doesn't get another paycheck for two weeks. I can't remember the last time I could afford to fill it up entirely," she admits as she swipes her debit card at the pump. Tomas and other vehicle owners are feeling the strain of high gas prices skyrocketing more every day. According to AAA research, Florida's average price for a gallon of regular gas this month is $1.69, which is 56 cents higher than last year's average and is the highest average price in Florida's history. With fuel costs hitting Gainesville wallets harder than ever, now is an excellent time to conserve gas. Larry Davis, of Discount Auto Parts, said to check the car owner's manual for its average city and highway gas mileage. If a vehicle isn't getting the proper mileage, it may have a problem that needs professional attention. Davis said he recommends keeping tires properly inflated by using the coin-operated machines. To save more fuel, cars should get a regular tune-up, Davis said. For $40, the mechanic will check the spark plugs and the ignition timing. Davis said the quality of the gas also might have an impact on gas mileage. "Some people think that if they buy cheaper gas they're saving money," he said. "If the octane is too low, it will cause the engine to fire improperly." Davis said his last recommendation is to put an additive into the fuel tank. These additives cost less than $5 a bottle and can clean gas lines. "The more expensive products have different chemicals in them," he said. Davis said that even if people don't know much about cars, they could learn to do many things they would normally pay a mechanic to do, often at a fraction of the cost. "Go to your public library and read some books on cars," he said. In addition to vehicle maintenance, Hines also said carpooling is a good way to conserve gasoline, going to social outings as well as work. "People use their cars as a security blanket when they go out to a restaurant or the movies," Hines said. "Even when everyone is going to and from the same area, people feel like they have to bring their own car." Possible tax may solve road-repair woes By LurMmem AlligotorStaff Writer ImerrittaaHigator.org On Southwest 34th'Street, drivers must navigate aroundpotholes, diminishing asphalt and lane changes during late-night road repairs. Like the traffic-heavy roads, many Alachua, County streets have been overdue for repair work and the solution may be in a gasoline tax, local government officials said Monday at a jointworkshop of the Gainesville ad Alachua County commissions. Commissioners ediscsd creating a countywide gasoline tax of up to five cen-t per.aRon to help fud ad improvementsan --Mastri .--We'eavinthtc:i# ration because we need to tbe-rep b for-G -o I rastnwtu-e, -ity, Citsioner M Braddy said.04teinitiaseps to begi eoi Vedipen. Jet4 bo 6e revnue att a ...to-t.. ++.,+t-W+..IP, 1040 t, _4 .1+ ,-+ .'_: :+y ., City Manager Wayne Bowers and County Manager Randy Reid will negotiate the specifics of the agreement, which will base each city's revenue on a combination of population and road mileage. Alachua County could raise between $1.2 million and $6 million, and Gainesville between about $450,000 and $2.2 million, according to rough estimates presented to the commissioners. The commissioners also debated whether they could use the revenue to maintain Xegonal.Tr ansi$yst buses, which are maintainedby, County Commissioner Rodney Long dIt proving bus service wo dhelp allev -.te corsOff V Ncan oahlfic ourroads hesauiddlzmtiAnmit if we makek It f"lezl for ft tog;e effeciejn by1 on~en tW st jv, y MAT MARRIOTT IALIGATOR STAFF Gainesville resident Andrew Bednarzik fills his gas tank at the Chevron on Archer Road on Monday. The war with Iraq has pushed gas prices to nearly $2 in the past month. drivers can conserve gas by following some tips from Lynda Hines, manager of the Gainesville division of AAA Auto Club South. "Try to run all of your errands at once," she said. "Find a shopping center where you can do your banking, grocery shopping and whatever else, all in the same place." 

PAGE 6

Vy' Support diversity Freedom of speech comes at price At last week's Student Senate meeting, a standard, run-of-the-mill funding request was undeservedly turned into a contentious issue. Concerns were raised because student group Nakba 48 requested Student Government funding to bring author and Palestinian rights advocate Ramzy Baroud to campus. Protesting Baroud's planned visit, several students used the author's own words against him but took those words out of context. Some feared-Baroud would bring a message of hate to UF and incite violence. This accusation seems meretricious at best. What could someone possibly say, at a university lecture no less, that would mobilize you and your friends to accost fellow students? Mr. Baroud's opposition does not fear his views. They simply disagree with them. We can't say whether Mr. Baroud's take on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is right or not. And that's exactly the point. We'll never know unless we at least hear him out. Look at the facts. He's contending that America's most loyal ally, Israel, is carrying out atrocities in the occupied territories against the inhabitants. It's a perspective that is enormously unpopular in mainstream U.S. politics. Yet controversial speakers are always the best ones, because of the dialogue and interest their words generate. Controversial opinions are especially important. It wasn't that long ago when even black civil rights was an enormously unpopular idea. The members of Nakba 48 strive to raise awareness about the Palestinian struggle, and there's nothing wrong with that. Every student on campus is afforded the right to express his or her views, no matter how controversial. Part of what makes a university great is the free exchange of ideas and the diversity of opinions. Tonight, student senators will vote on whether Mr. Baroud and his thoughts will be added to UF's intellectual plurality. Let's not deny Mr. Baroud the opportunity to share his views with UF students. Student Senate should oppose war And while we're talking about Student Senate, at their meeting tonight they also will vote on a resolution to oppose the war on Iraq. Believe it or not, there is an anti-war movement on campus. Sadly, it is rarely seen or eard. Tonight's bill will give student senators the opportunity to bring the political debate to campus. And if freedom of speech doesn't excite you, maybe giving the Student Senate a piece of your mind on the war will suit your tastes. Democracy thrives on public participation, and senators ove it when their constituents take an interest in student government, regardless of whether or not they agree with you. How is SG supposed to represent students who they never see. So if you're interested in participating, go to the Student Senate meeting at 7:30 tonight in Room 282 of the Reitz Union and speak up during publicdUebate. Visit the Alligator's message boards at www.alligator.org to post a response. The All ator encourages comments from reade not exceed 150 words (about one letter-sized pag ble-spaced and must include the author's name, cla Names will be withheld ifthe writer shows just cau for length, grammar, style and b Send letters. them to1105 W. Unives Ave.,or send them to 1 32604-2257. Columnsofaot450 vords about oi too areA el coe. ,--Questions? ,all 3 ,6-4451 rs. Letters to the editorshould ge). They must be tyPed, douisificationand phone number. ise, Wem seroe't-e rigkhttOdef U.S. must treat prisoners fairly Now that we find ourselves in the middle of an all-out war, it is. only fitting to take a look back at the history books so that we can properly assess the current situation. Namely, let's -take a look at the Geneva Convention of 1949 and its role in protecting victims of war. The recent situation of American prisoners of war in Iraq has caused President Bush to quickly quote the rulings of the Geneva Convention for. the treatment of wartime soldiers. Article 4 of the convention defines the catego* ries of persons who may be considered "prisoners of war." It says, "having committed a belligerent act and having fallen into thehands of the enemy... such persons shall enjoy the protection of the present convention until their status has been determined by a competent tribunal." Given the profound international importance and awareness of the Geneva Convention, what would be the world's reaction to a country that openly defied its tenants? Apparently, silence. OnJanuary 11, 2002, the United States openly announced that it refused to abide by the 1949 Geneva Convention on the treatment of prisoners of war in regard to the treatment and internment of those taken prisoner in Afghanistan-or Pakistan. The United States explained that the prisoners were not actually prisoners of war, but were in fact "unlawful combatants." It was America that deliberately went to Cuba's Guantanamo 'Bay to build a prison for the exclusive torture of unproven "al-Qaida operatives." The United States doesn't care, that the Red Cross and other humanitarian organizations have been revolted by the barbaric treatment of the Muslim prisoners of war in Guantanamo Bay. The whole world witnessed the persecution of these civilians, who have been incarcerated without any charges and treated as non-combatants, thus depriving them of access to their families and legal representation: Why didn't anyone rush to mention the Geneva Convention when this occurred? Contrary to the information on mainstream NYIMA S. ALl SPEAKING OUT television, Iraqi President Saddam Hussein actually ordered that the rights of captives of coalition troops be respected according to the Geneva Convention for POWs, the official INA reported late Friday. Saddam issued the order as U.S. and British forces unleashed an all-out ground offensive against Iraq and a new wave of devastating air raids on the Iraqi capital and other cities. What was the status of the average Iraqi after the Gulf war? The U.S. government has crippled Iraq with sanctions for 13 years, thereby murdering millions of children. Now, even more sanctions have been imposed on Iraq by the manipulation of the Food-For-Oil program. The Bush administration's refusal to abide by the world's humanitarian law stands in stark contrast to the justifications advanced for U.S. military actions. Bush has justified the waging of war as necessary to defend the values of "civilization" against "evil." And so, as we find ourselves in Iraq, wondering what will happen next, we need to realize the truth of the matter. America, too, has violated human rights laws, the Geneva Convention, international law and U.N. Charter repeatedly over the decades. Let's hope someone speaks out this time. Injustice anywhere represents a threat to justice everywhere. Nyima S. Al is a nutritional sciencejunior. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. ...IUR OP IION Q U E ST ION Is protesting the war anti-American? TOIATISQUESTION Should Student Government pay to bring a pr -Palestinian spiakerto UF to letters@alhgator.org bring az.T ot.uras6Lai janud;. P.Oox 14257, Gainesville WO' 46, gIna topicsand editorial car-1 1 4" -. : -m ? 'w -. "k.-o i--,' 6. ALLIGATOR. TUESDAY, ATRIL1 '203 A be hadepeOd e lria ;odepee4ent since 1973 Heather Leslie Editor Cameron Ackroyd Editorial Page Editor Sarah Anderson, Andy Davis, Devon Nunneley, Ryan Kent Editorial Board EDITOR of.... o L 0m 

PAGE 7

Stationexplains politics decision Editor: Thisletter is in response to an article publishedin the Alligator Friday regarding KISS 105.3's deciston 'ot to Droadcast live from the UP Pride Awareness Carnival. KISS 105.3 has supported numerous groups on the UF and SFCC campuses and in the Gainesville community, including gay and lesbian organizations, for morethan 15 years. We will continue to support our community with free announcements, which total more than $3,000 every month in donated airtime. While we have respectfully declined an invitation to broad.as ive fronithe Pride carnival, we did, again, offer freeaiRime to promote the event. Our decision to decline the live broadcast request came from a longstanding belief that live appearances can be seen by some as an implied endorsement by the station. Since many of KISS 105.3's listeners have young children who listen with them, we feel that discussions about sensitive subjects should be held by families. We prefer to offer the information, and allow families to decide for themselves how to discuss those subjects without undue influence. This belief bas.always guided KISS 105.3's decisions regarding religion, sexuality, politics, tobacco and violence. While we applaud the Pride Student Union and UF Student Government's decisions to present these events, we hope they will respect our decision to support the event without broadcasting live. Should you have any questions please don't hesitate to call or e-mail your comments to President Doug Gillen or Program Director Jeri Banta at 331-2200, Doug@kissl053.com or Jeri@kiss 1053.com. Doug Gillen Jeri Banta War on Iraq has world support Editor: I think that Mr. Ackroyd (in his Monday column) would do well to thoroughly research his facts before he makes statements such as we. only hae Great Britainand a"materin of tiny African and Pacific island countries" on our side in this war. Correction: we have Polish, Spanish, Danish, Slovak, Czech, Bulgarian, and Estonian support in this war, to name a few. Apparently, the almost entire Eastern European (and some Western) block does not warrant Mr. Ackroyd's attention, which I find appalling. Please don't let your misguided opinions cloud the actual facts, Mr. Ackroyd. Brooklynn Martin 4 LS ---Io '.'.... ~ FREE BATTERIES Scalm bn~ory 2,I=1M1ARCHER SQUARE 3419 S.W. ARCHER RD. 377-7400 BUFFET ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT PIZZA PASTA SOUP SALAD & GARLIC ROLLS Siai $4.99I AU-YOU-CAN-EAT-BUFFET LunchrDinner i l r : F : a I Miny .mxidenft are cause *Mir wh din'tsee the qdh... C Anw .4 0 ~ ~~0 L 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2003 Candidates' attorneys debate 2000 el-ection By Amy Pedman Alligator Writer aperlman@alligator.org It kept Americans awake late into election night and early the next morning as votes were being disputed. The two nationally recognized attorneys at the center of the 2000 presidential controversy will speak about their strategies today in the President's Room in Emerson Alumni Hall. Dexter Douglass, chief Florida attorney for Al Gore, and Barry Richard, chief Florida attorney for now-President Bush, will speak at 7:30 p.m. The two will debate the heated issues surrounding the events after the presidential election, said UF oral history professor Julian Pleasants, who helped bring the two to UF. UF history professor Michael Gannon will ask the attorneys the same questions, and both will have the opportunity to rebut the other's responses. The two will also share aspects of their client-attorney relationships and personal stories about the two former candidates, Pleasants said. Pleasants, who has been doing research on the attorneys, said Bush and Gore had different strategies for working with their attorneys. Bush contacted Richard twice during the 36 days after the elections and left all the decisions to his attorneys, while Gore called his attorneys and told them what to do, Pleasants said. If Gore had listened to his attorneys' decisions, the outcome of the cases may have been different, he said. "It's hard to know what would have happened," Pleasants said. The two lawyers had little time to prepare. At one point, Richard had to manage 46 different cases that involved different issues, subjects and judges, he said. At one point, Richard argued two different cases at the same time, arguing one over the phone, Pleasants said. "The whole world was watching him," Pleasants said. "He was under tremendous pressure." The debate is part of the annual Augustus M. Burns Lecture Series, which brings high-profile speakers to campus. Last year, George McGovern, the Democratic presidential candidate in the 1972 presidential election, spoke as part of the series. Security issues prevent Connective concept Painting graduate student Cavi Lofgren and planning graduate student Sarah Owen compete in a design contest for a new overpass on 13th Street at the Architecture building Friday. Group Four's design for the 2003 Willer's Design Competition centered on connective tissue, using the overpass as a way to connect parts of Gainesville. KRISTIN HOTER IAWGATOR STAFF impromptu questions for Clinton By Nicole Janok Alligator Writer njanok@alligator.org Students interested in asking questions of former president Bill Clinton at his speech Thursday must submit their questions via e-mail today by noon, UF Accent Speakers-Bureau and Student Government decided Friday.. Eric Trabin, chairman of Accent, said that all questions may not be answered, but he encouraged students to e-mail questions with their name and hometown to accent@sg.ufl.edu before the deadline. "We want as many students as possible to have the opportunity to ask the formerpresident questions," he said. Keeping the event organized and tightening security were the main reasons cited for the written questions, said Nikki Fried, student body president. Commotion surrounding the microphones and students approaching the stage were some of the safety concerns addressed, Fried said. On Wednesday, University Police, Q'Connell Center security and Accent members, among others involved with the event, met to discuss possible approaches to fielding live questions. But after contract negotiations were finalized at the end of last week, the office of the former president informed Accent that live questions would not be possible, Fried said. "We want to make sure that-we have the most educational arid safe environmert possible," she said. During wartime, security issues change, Fried said, adding that there has been heightened security awareness for Clinton's appearance. The office of the president will review the submitted questions and choose those to be answered during his appearance. In the past, speakers such as former president George H. Bush were met with impromptu questions from students. Fried said the decision to submit questions was not related to the disrespect the questioners received at Bush's speech last Spring. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA The Ladies of Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority Inc. Would Like to thank the following sponsors for theirgenerous support in the 3rd Annual "Ballin' for a Cause,"" 4Charity Basketball Tournament: Trophy Shop 4 Domino's Lambda Theta Alpha Latin Sorority Savant UF 'Papa John's Pizza Mortar Board Senior Honor Society We would also like to thank the following for their participation: Apha Phi Alpha Fraternity Inc. 4Women's Leadership Council 4. Omega Psi Fraternity Inc. -Jewels of Tau T VTVVVVv~vvvvvvvvv-We Deliver 24 our A "( ~b-am tL'Take 'I'4WOf IL OAfor shd tpmr lhdet smwof dwe. em WVc ndoto.wsddML form muul..cdwAG2345 grhbw**nwu ... -p:.. .-. .. .. 

PAGE 9

Please Watch For Manatees For more information on manatees, the Adopt-A-Manatee program, or for a free manatee protection tips packet, contact: 0 You. can help: Stay in deep water channels. Avoid running your motor over seagrass beds. Look for the manatee's snout, back, tail, or flipper in the water. F Watch for posted speed zone and sanctuary signs. Save the ManateeClub 1-800-432-JOIN(5646) 500 N. Maitland Avenue Maitland, FL 32751 www.savethemanatee.org Wear polarized sunglasses. o Don't discard trash into the water. Look, but don't touch. Please don't feed manatees or give them water. Call 1-800-DIAL-FMP, *FMP, or use VHF Channel 16 if you spot an injured manatee. Hundreds of students come to us with Bachelor's Degrees. But nojob. Until they graduate with our degree. Transfer credits advance you toward your degree. Graduate in two years or less. Day, night and Internet classes to match. your busy schedule. Individual attention from concerned, professors, small classes and your own personal advisor. SANTA FE COMMUNITY COUXGE ROT CAREERS Biotechnology Building Co rl Business Adminbiston Caetjovascular TOdOgy Computer notmation beb. aezencyMedical Services Law Enforcement NuclearMedicine Radiography Respiratory Care sonography wwwklkomwblwtfsfcfii TUESDAY. -APRI 1,2 Campus fitness teaches self-defense By James VanLandingham Alligator Contributing Writer Losing weight and self-defense go hand-in-hand in a new fitness class being offered to UF students this week. The "Ki2win" class, pronounced "Key to win," combines martial arts principles with an intense aerobic workout, said Mark-Jason White, a UF freshman and a class instructor. The class will be held from 6:30 p.m. to 8 p.m. Friday at the Student Recreation and Fitness Center basketball courts. The class is free and requires no registration. Though all students are eligible to take the class, organizers anticipate that most of the participants will be women. "The class is designed to teach people how to get rid of a male attacker, so it can definitely be helpful to men," White said. "But we're expecting there to be more women." Leonard Sansevere, creator of the program, has studied martial arts for more than 10 years. A native of Ocala, he said that Friday's class will be the first time his lesson plan has been put into action. Sansevere said he developed the program while observing the growth of cardio-kick boxing programs. While many such classes were effective weight-loss methods, Sansevere said they taught few effective self-defense techniques. "I wanted to create a class that would actually teach women how to defend themselves," he said. "In our class, every move the women do to lose weight will have a self-defense purpose." The word "Ki" means eternal strength in Vietnamese and is an important martial arts principle. Kerry Tanner, a UF art senior, said she would probably favor an aerobics class that taught self-defense techniques over one that did not. "It seems a little more practical," she said. For more information, students can refer to the class Web site at www.ki2win.com. Colleagues-mourn death of a senator The Assodated Press WASHINGTON -Dozens of Washington, D.C.'s most powerful lawmakers and dignitaries bid a sad farewell Monday to Daniel Patrick Moynihan, remembering the former Democratic senator as a visionary who never forgot his humble roots. "We shall miss Pat Moynihan. How cane ever forget him? We all loved him in life. May we never forget him in death," said Monsignor Peter Vaghi, who presided over the funeral Mass at St. Patrick's Church in Washington. Moynihan, who died last week at age 76, was a New York senator for 24 years, an ambassador and an aide to four presidents. During Mass, his casket was draped by a simple white cloth, which was later replaced by an American flags pallbearers removed the casket from the church. An interment was scheduled later Monday at Arlington National Cemetery. Pat Mo han was a man of quiet faith," Vaghi told about 700 people gathered for the mass. For him, this found expression in his long commitment to the body politic, the pursuit of the common good and his special care for the poor, the family structure and the most needy in our midst." Current and former senators who befriended Moynihan during his life attended the short, simple ceremony. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and Attorney General John Ashcroft also were among those in attendance. "He's a great American story," Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., said after the Mass. "He did so many things and did them all so well. He was-a visionary who understood American history. "He was just a-good, decent'guy. He was v# fiend," -said formerSen.Bob Dote of KansasMJfo 'han's reputon as not o i-OATs t~o flai,-hislove ob!oze d. rrofs 1 -was ato p e that ~ft'1~~ U *oil mmm 

PAGE 10

F' I I 4. 4*" 4 1 DI Press DAYTONA BEACH -Rain dampened this weekend's annual Black College Reunion, just as wet weather marred two other major spring events in this city. Mayor Bud Asher, who at one point danced to hip-hop music with revelers, said the event was "satisfying" despite the rain. The Daytona 500 and Bike Week also suffered from inclement weather this year. Black College Reunion is seen as the premier Spring Break event for African-Americans located east of the Mississippi River. No official attendance estimates were available early Monday. Daytona Beach police reported making 472 arrests during the weekend, down slightly from last year. Many arrests this year were for violations including open containers, drugs, concealed weapons, disorderly conduct and driving with suspended licenses. That behavior, along with crowded streets full of trash and heavy traffic, has caused some residents and officials to call for the event to move elsewhere. Public Works Director Stan Lemke said cleanup was "all in all a little lighter than The Associate Rain mars college reunion normal." But City Commissioner Mike Shallow said trash is just one of the reasons Daytona Beach doesn't "get any bang for our buck" with the event. "It was a day-trip event, with most of the people coming on Saturday. They did very little purchasing -just a lot of people clogging up the roads," Shallow said. For novelty and clothing store owner Paul Politis, business was about average. "We didn't do gangbusters, but we did our fair share," Politis said. At the city's oceanfront bandshell Sunday, Black Entertainment Television finished taping the three-day "Spring Bling" hip-hop concert. Rappers 50 Cent, Busta Rhymes, Ginuwine and others performed during the weekend. A Georgia man in town for the event was founddead in his hotel room Sunday morning, police said. Roderic Lanier Robinson, 27, of Fairbum, Ga., apparently suffered from epilepsy, but police were investigating the death as suspicious pending an au_ topsy. Tourism exp setbacks desr The Associated Press TALLAHASSEE -The war with Iraq has had little effect on Florida tourism so far, with businesses doing much better than after the 2001 terrorism attacks, Visit Florida said Monday. Tom Flanigan, a spokesman for the state's official tourism marketing corporation, said a University of Miami study found that more than half of the tourist-related businesses that were surveyed reported they had suffered no loss of business. That contrasted with the precipitous decline after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon. "Unlike the fallout from 9/11, when everything took a quick nosedive, this one seems to be very mild, at least at this point," Flanigan said. Flanigan said a more definitive study will be available later in the Sriences-few )ite wartime week when information is received from national research on consumer attitudes toward travel. Visit Florida contracted with the University of Miami for a series of surveys of state businesses to track the war's effect on tourism. The first survey involved about 250 businesses representing all sectors of tourism, including hotels, attractions and RV parks. Flanigan said advance bookings, once considered a reliable barometer of upcoming tourism, are no longer an effective measure, because visitors are waiting until the last minute to make their plans. The war is not the only factor that is worrying tourism officials. Flanigan said problems in the airline industry, particularly with American Airlines, could have a negative impact on travel to the state. 

PAGE 11

" TSDAY, APRI L f,2 ,,AM La.-.g studying with caffeine pillsbad for By Erk Vh=Mnt Alligator Contributing Writer It's midnight. There are nine hours until the exam and 20 chapters left to be read. This is when some students turn to caffeine pills. Freshman Ryan Click said he has taken the pills to stay awake and study but afterward felt shaky. "They give you a noticeable energy boost for a couple hours at a time," Click said. "When I tried to work my hands would shake." Even with warnings from manufactures and health officials, many students turn to caffeine pills and other similar supplements to give them extra energy to focus on academics, said Linda Gabel, a nurse at Health Central Hospital in Orlando. One caffeine pill contains 200 milligrams of caffeine, which is equal to the amount in two cups of coffee; however, many students take numerous pills at a time, said Dr. John Briggs, who has a private practice in Fort Lauderdale. "When you have a big test the next day, sometimes you do whatever it takes to stay awake and cram," sophomore Alex Loayza said. "I had the extra energy that I needed to study all night." There are other long-and short-term side effects associated with these so-called harmless pills. Not only are these pills highly addictive, but they can cause other health problems, according to the health warning on the widely used caffeine pill Vivarin. Some of the short-term effects listed on the label include nervousness, irritability, sleeplessness and rapid heartbeat. uThese pills increase your heart rate,", Briggs said. "This alone can cause long-term effects such as heart problems, insomnia, chronic muscle tension and nervousness." Freshman Paula Andrade took the pills during finals week this past Fall to gain extra study time. "My hands started to shake, and my heart was beating like crazy," Andrade said. "I hated the way I felt. Once they wore off, I felt sick and wanted to sleep." Each person is" affected differently depending on his or her size and weight, so while the pills might not affect some people, they could affect others, Briggs said. Although caffeine is one of the most widely used drugs in the world, the body can become dependent on it, and the pills cause more harm than good, Briggs said. "It's just not worth the damage it does to your body," Briggs said. "There are many other ways to increase your energy without the use of caffeine." Surgical teams hold the front line An* and visited a hospiThe Assodated Press SOUTH-CENTRAL IRAQ The howitzers flash, recoil and roar, lobbing shells over the heads of sweating Navy surgeons. Inside sweltering khaki tents, the eight-man operating team tends to the wouIded: Moaning Iraqi fighters, claiming to have bee shot by their own.when the tried to surrender. Two Marines, two British allies, 0neyng. If the chop-chop-chop of helicopters signaled the ctl oess of MASH units to eth,0ftin Korea and.Vietnam, the howitzers do the same in Iraq, firing American, outgoing artillery, -over the heads of surgical teams operating between-American and Iraqi lines. Front-line units .like these mak6 it possible toget criticallywounded onto theoper, atin ab le within an hour of the -time they Tell in battle. The 'golden hour' of trauma. "You have one hour to get them to surgery before bad things start to happen," saysCmdr. Robert Izenberg, a surgeon in T-shirt, operating scrubs and pushed-down white mask. "We are the front line," adds Capt. Tony Serfustini, a surgeon, standing outside one of the teits ; a iscarded and bloody wooden szlint by his feet. "Can't get any farther forward than that." The teams, called forward resuscitative surgical systems, are operating for the first time ever in combat. The six eight-member teams, scattered over Iraq, mark the closest Navy teams have ever operated to the battlefield. Past wars, including Vietnam and Korea, had static fronts for months and years at a time -in Vietnam, 14 hospitals that never moved tended to patients scooped out by helicopter or plane. In the Gulf War and onward, Marine units rushed too far forward on too many fronts for the old-style "scoop-and-run" medical teams to get the critically wounded to care in time. "It's a different conflict," said Serfustini, a Vietnam veteran and now a surgeon and Navy reservist in Las Vegas, Nev. "This is a conflict in motion. Vietnam was a conflict in stagnation." The forward surgical units took seven years to design. Navy physicians and others worked to come up with mobile units that were truly mobile, replacing ones that at times needed a C-130 and a landing field to move. The result: a surgery team that can move in four trucks, set up in an hour and tear down in an hour. There are two surgeons, an anesthesiologist, a nurse, operating technicians and corpsmen, together capable of tending to a maximum of 18 patients in 24 hours. Their intended patients: the 15 percent to 20 percent of battlefield wounded who die if they do not receive critical care in an hour. The front-line surgeons are meant to stop bleeding and contamination, and get the wounded on down the line. Nothing time-consuming: shunts instead of intricate grafts on torn blood vessels, clean up instead of repair of perforated intestines. "It's lifesaving surgery and limb-saving surgery," said Serfustini, wearing sunglasses, a flak vest over bare skin and a bandanna wrapped around his head. "Damage-control surgery. I still provide the same high level of care," said anesthesiologist Cmdr. Bruce Baker. "It just doesn't have all the bells and whistles." Baker works with a portable oxygen generator, blood-gas monitor and devices to warm fluids going into patients. gay-federal employees 0Democrat, andft faces long oddsint;,eRe91 publican-contolled Congress.. I "I t doesn't get done in the next two o easI intend-toltrdcad t rsdent of the UnitedW aW' w.-dIn a specht4 h etiu -p -Cmtof K~iidIt lieeu isOA -M as~~setts Sen John Kerry and Reps. of Missouri and .Dennis Kucini Olkowere cososors ofthe Wi -At Allowsgay ctpetordeivedltherights av~ilAble to maridcouples under stia*e lw. Monday, autlinedipW1f would also increase reimbursement rates for doctors and hospitals. "Tisisno-aparWa sU eD~7ad niatn bali ar te htof*v* An~er~ch. 1. iwfessm vdcb ls~Inudio 

PAGE 12

i UF international student numbers increase despite world turbulence By Amy Gorin Alligator Contributing Writer When terrorists hijacked an Indian Airlines jet on a flight from Nepal on Dec. 24, 1999, native Indian Navin Manjooran said he felt a need for his country to combat terrorism. However, the country couldn't afford to fight terrorism and was unable to provide even basic amenities like food, shelter and education to all Indians, he said. "It's hard, but you can't do too much," said Manjooran, the UF Indian Students Association vice president of graduate affairs. "If the government spent money on war, it would be difficult for people to understand." Presented with an ultimatum, they let three terrorists off the plane to ensure the lives of more than 150 hostages, he said. As one of 2,711 international students at UF, the computer science and engineering graduate student said he supports the cfirrent war with Iraq. He said force might be needed to combat terrorism at the root level even though Indian philosophy seeks f'ahimsa," a peace without force. "If you have a war in India, the economy goes down for 20 years," he said. "You need someone else to take the initiative and the leadership." In a time of international turbulence, UF has not seen a decrease in international student enrollment, said UF International Center Executive Associate Director Lynn Frazier. She said the international student enrollment has risen since last year. UF's international student enrollment ranks 10th among national universities, according to the Institute of International Education's Open Doors report. "I think there have been some tensions after Sept. 11, 2001," Frazier said. "Everyone's tense. I'm tense. But the international students report principally they have been well supported." Frazier said she won't know about next year's international student enrollment until July. Recent federal regulations have mandated that universities report when an international student is under full-time enrollment, Frazier said. Cost of war Residents flee Basra, Iraq, on Monday as British Royal Marine commandos patrol nearby. By nightfall Sunday, around 600 Royal Marines from 40 Commando had taken up a consolidation position in the southern suburb of Abu al Khasib after a 15-hour assault designed to encourage Saddam Hussein's opponents in Basra to rise up against his regime. U *S., U.K. sign new extradition treaty WASHINGTON -The United States and Britain signed new treaties Monday that officials said would expand law enforcement cooperation and add new powers in the war against terrorism. Attorney General John Ashcroft and British Home Secretary David Blunkett signed an updated version of the extradition treaty between the two countries. A second treaty enabling the two countries to confiscate and share assets of criminal activity was also signed. "This agreement sends a strong signal to criminals that we will not be thwarted by international boundaries," Blunkett said. Under the asset forfeiture agreement, the U.S. and Britain will have greater authority to seize money and other property from organizations involved in illegal activities. Among those are terrorism, criminal racketeering, drug trafficking and other crime. Similar laws in the United States "have proven effective at crippling illegal operations and dismantling criminal enterprises," Ashcroft said. The extradition treaty expands and updates a previous agreement, particularly in the areas of white-collar crime, money laundering and terrorism. It also makes it easier for either country to bring the other's fugitives to justice. -The Associated Press I. Bigafriend! Purchase a burger or wrap sandwich at rular price I and receive a second of equal or lesser value FREE! wih purchase of any two beverages. Offer good M-F. 11 a.m. -3:30-p.m. w/coupon only. This does not apply.to takeout orders. Not valid W/any other offer. Expires: 4/11/03 12,ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2003 z 

PAGE 13

-&4~~4 ~ -----L LT~ JUVDXL..~A.DDU-~1-~ Airportsa.grace period for ailing airline to pay debt The i da Press -. contend the payments must be made. "'" ... :....."UAL has about $16 million aymentsdue CHIAO -Fo~a~poL~ Monday oApril 1. On March 1, UAL mssed a $3.2 milagreed to give United Airlines a I-d'ahy race r io epr lio n payment on bonds for improvements at eod t roceeding with eviction actions Chicago's O'Hare and a $1 million payment on shul= he airline fail to makedbtpaymentsMim-aebns on about $1.7 billion in bond .aMiami-Dade bonds. UAL's bonds were -generally unchanged UAL, parent of United Airlines, believes it Monday. doesn't have to make payments on the speUALearlier this month filed temporary recial-facilities revenue bonds, orig lly instraining orders to prevent the airports from tended for airport-improvement projects, bestarting default actions should the airline decause of restrictions put in place after the i airline sought, federal bankruptcy protection cdenoto make payments. aiine fe erBut Judge Eugene R. Wedoff of the U.S. Bankin December. ruptcy Court for the Northern District of IlliUAL says the payments represent unsecured nois refused to grant the company's requests. debt, which wouldn't be paid whije it is in In addition to the 15-day minimum grace pebankruptcy. .6d -dhesides on Monday also agreed to a May But representatives for the airpdcs-n Den-23heag date to determine how to proceed ver, 'Los Angeles, New York and Said*rancisc_ Wi th ormal trial on the matter. Key j ustices to dec i affi rmative action case The Assodated Press WASHINGTON -What the Supreme Court says this year in its most significant ruling about race in a generation probably depends on just one or two of the court's nine members. Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy, the court's pgerennial swing voters, could write the demise of affirmative action as the nation knows it or rewrite the rules for when race can be part of government decisions. The historic affirmative action cases the court takes up Tuesday ask how race can be a factor when public colleges and universities choose their students. "It is very likely that it will be 5-4," UCLA law professor Eugene Volokh said of the court's eventual vote. The University of Michigan and its law school give extra credit to minority applicants. Three white students who challenged the Michigan policies frame their argument in simple terms: it is not fair for a minority to win a coveted place on campus just because he or she is a minority. "I was treated unfairly because of my skin color," said Jennifer Gratz, a white student rejected by the university. "Court records show that if I had been black, Hispanic or Native American, I would have had a nearly 100 percent chance of admission with my grades and record." I The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc., publisher of the independent florida alligator and announces the opening for the position of Managing Editor / New Media of The Independent Florida Alligator Summer C and Fall Semesters The applications for this paid position are available in The Alligator Administrative Offices on the second floor of The Alligator Building at 1105-W. University Ave., each weekday between 2 -4 p.m. from now through Tuesday, April 8,2003. Please do not call Further information is available at the time an application is picked up. Please. allow up. to 15 minutes at that time to read information you will need for the application. The application. must be returned to the same desk-by -noon no later than April 15, 2003. THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE DEADLINE. Intrviwand selections by the Board of-Directors will be held at The Afiigator offices in a meeting open to the public, Sunday, April 27, 2003 tho 1 pm. Applicantsepeett obeconsideed. Mimi,-,be, Ne wl b gvnthose who have experience at M..Aff oo --.Inc. is an-Epualopwwy Employerl ~~Village Park French Quarter 1 & 2 BR Furn/Unfurn 3 Pools 3 Laundries * Flexible Leases Close to Campus -Ceiling Fans 1 & 2 SEM. -, LEASES I,' AVAIL. 378-3771 9-4:30 M-F 999-1001 SW 16th Ave. www.gville.com/gville/fqvp fqvp@gville.com ~~~1' 

PAGE 14

[-t 4A Priest pleads guilty to abuse. The Associated Press LOUISVILLE, Ky. -With many of his now-grown victims sitting behind him in court, a retired Roman Catholic priest bowed his head and pleaded guilty Monday to abusing dozens of children as far back as the 1960s. The Rev. Louis E. Miller, sitting with his hands clasped in front of him, admitted to the abuse after the judge read aloud the names of all 21 victims. "I remember these children very well," 72-year-old Miller told Circuit Judge Ann O'Malley Shake. "I remember fondling these children." Miller's plea to 44 counts of indecent and immoral prac4!!iiiiiii!i!~~!!!!ii ii~i~iiii -. Take a momer of peace 1~ I I V.' ( 4.~ U.. it for yourself, everyday. Friendly advice from the tices and six counts of sexual abuse came just as his trial was set to begin. But it marks only the beginning of his legal problems. Miller, who retired from the: ministry last year, faces triatoif similar charges in neighboring Oldham County in June. And he is accused in more than 80 of 214 abuse lawsuits filed in the last year against the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Louisville, which employed the priest for more than 30 years. Miller's attorney, David Lambertus, told the court Monday that Miller was pleading guilty to all charges, but he may not remember all details of the incidents because most of the abuse occurred in the 1960s and '79s. 'He does eti deny to.any person thathe wronged them. He does have definite memory of some of these events," tambertus said. However, Miller said he did remember an incident with his niece, Mary Miller, who charged that her uncle kissed and licked her face in 1972. "I don't see where that was an indecent or immoral practice,"said Miller, whose nephew, Mark Miller, also charged him with abuse. Assistant Commonwealth Attorney Carol Cobb said the state could show the kissing and licking "was meant for gratification, not affection." Europea nstry to boycott U.S. brand names, goods The Assodated Press FRANKFURT, GermanyIn Europe, where burgers aren't served with "freedom fries," some restaurants were refusing to sell Coca-Cola, Marlboro cigarettes and other internationally known U.S. brands in boycotts spurred by anti-war sentiment. In the northern port city of Hamburg, 10 owners of French restaurants decided last week to strike alcohol, tobacco and other goods with U.S. brand names from their menus. The movement is not confined to Germany. Several Web sites call for Europeans to stop consuming leading U.S. products, and other countries have seen similar calls to reject American goods. The ill will began earlier this month, when the U.S. House cafeteria -following the lead of several businesses around the United States amended its iienu to feature "freedom fries" and "freedom toast" in a slap at France's refusal to support the war on Iraq. Things snowballed from there. Greek filmmakers, 'including award-winning director Theo Angelopoulos, have called for a boycott of U.S. movies to protest the war in Iraq. In the southeastern French city of Bayonne, the staff of a bar run by anti-militarists dumped their Coca-Cola stock into the sewers. The Board of Directors of Campus Communications, Inc., publisher of the independent florida alligator JId announces the openings for three members of the Board of Directors: 1. Community Member at Large 2. University of Florida Student-at-Large 3. UF Graduate Student with a background in journalism The applications for these unpaid positions are available in the Administrative Offices on the second floor of The Independent Florida Alligator building at 1105 W. University Ave., each weekday between 2 -4 p.m. from now until Tuesday, April 8, 2003. Please do not call. Further information is available at the time an application is picked up. Please allow up to 15 minutes at that time to read information you will need for the application. The application must be mailed or returned April 15, 2003. This is an Interviews and selections by the Board of Directors will be held at SA o i i &op to the public, Sunday, April 27, 2003 Matsm. ApnW must be present to be considered. M uCamp Communications, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer ~rcZ7~~) 14, ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2003 -L Y ar & ril HOUSE TUESDAY: $2 Bacardi Drinks $2 Pitchers $2 Double Wells Live DJ Old Wave & 808s to the same office by noon no later than absolute deadline. I 

PAGE 15

......... ..... .... --... ... ... ... T E S D A Y A I NBC fires reporter for Iraqi interview The Assodated Press NEW YORK -NBC fired journalist Peter Arnett on Monday, angered that he had given an unauthorized interview with state-run Iraqi TV saying the American-led war effort initially failed because of Iraq's resistance. Arnett apologized for his "misjudgment," but added: "I said over the weekend what we all know about this war." Meanwhile, the Pentagon was investigating whether Fox News Channel reporter Geraldo Rivera endangered troops by revealing the plans of a military unit in Iraq in advance. Rivera denied reports that he had been expelled from the country. Arnett, who won a Pulitzer Prize reporting in Vietnam for The Associated Press, gained much of his prominence from covering the 1991 Gulf War for CNN. One of the few American television reporters left in Baghdad, his reports frequently were aired on NBC and its cable sisters, MSNBC and CNBC. NBC was angered because Arnett gave the interview Sunday without permission and presented opinion as fact. The network initially backed him, but reversed field after watching a tape of his remarks. The network said it got "thousands" of e-mails and phone calls protesting Arnett's remarks -a thousand e-mails to MSNBCPresident Erik Sorenson alone. "When I heard he had given an interview to Iraqi TV, I immediately thought it was about as bad a judgment that a reporter in the field could make," Sorenson said. "I held out hope initially that maybe he had given the interview at gunpoint or there was some extenuating circumstance." In the interview, shown by Iraq's satellite television, Arnett said the United States was re-appraising the battlefield and delaying the war, maybe for-a week, !and rewriting the war plan. The first war plan has failed because of Iraqi resistance. Now they are trying to write another war plan." Arnett said it was clear that, within the United States, opposition to the war was growing, along with a challenge to President Bush about the war's conduct. Arnett, speaking Monday on "Today," said he wanted to apologize to the American people. "I gave some personal observations -some analytical observations -which I don't think are out of line with what experts think," he said. "But clearly I misjudged the firestorm." He said he planned to leave Baghdad, where he was one of the last reporters left for a U.S.-based television network, and joked that he'd try to swim to "a small island in the South Pacific.' Leaving a second network under a cloud could mark the end of his TV career. Arnett was the on-air reporter of a retracted 1998 CNN report that accused American forces of using sarin nerve gas in Laos in 1970. He was reprimanded and later left the network. The first Bush administration was unhappy with Arnett's reporting on the Gulf War in 1991 for CNN, suggesting he had become a conveyor of propaganda: Arnett went to Iraq this year not as an NBC News reporter but as an employee of the MSNBC show "National Geographic Explorer." When other NBC reporters left Baghdad for safety reasons, the network began airing his reports. Arnett was also relieved of his duties at National Geographic Explorer. FLORIDA BLUE KEY Applications for membershipnow available Requirements ft all applicants: Currently a full-time smMdeitat UF Completed 60 hrs of college credit (at least two SseMeers -UAt _F)" Participatqdin ext a activates and demons te leadership at UF R Havea&ieast a 2.0 cumulative GPA Friy, 4, 2003 @ 5:00PM j .s UprM s b a 'a ce, .' View To a Kill A British Royal Marine 40 Commando fires his weapon Sunday or early Monday during a 15-hour overnight firefight with Iraqi forces near the southern Basra suburb of Abu al Khasib. The British named the mission "Operation James" after the fictional spy character James Bond. U.S. forces kill Iraqi women, children The Assodated Press WASHINGTON -U.S. troops killed seven Iraqi women and children at a checkpoint Monday when the Iraqis' van would not stop as ordered, a military official said. Two other civilians were wounded in the incident at a U.S. Army checkpoint on a highway near Najaf in souther Iraq, the official said. The military is investigating, he said. The dead and wounded were among 13 women and children in a van that approached the checkpoint but did not stop, the official said. Soldiers fired warning shots and then shots into the vehicle's engine, neither of which stopped it, he said. Four Army soldiers were killed at a checkpoint near Najaf Saturday by a car bomb detonated by an Iraqi soldier dressed as a civilian. Meanwhile, fresh U.S. forces are flowing to the Persian Gulf, including 500 members of an Army cavalry regiment being sent ahead of schedule to help protect U.S. supply lines from Iraqi attack. The buildup comes amid upbeat Pentagon assessI ments of progress against Iraq's strongest army force, the Republican Guard, which one U.S. general said Monday had suffered a "very significant weakening" from intensified American and British aerial bombardment. "We know how it will end: The Iraqi regime will end," said Pentagon spokeswoman Victoria Clarke. "But we know that there could be some tough fighting ahead." Maj. Gen. Stanley McChrystal, vice director of operations on the Pentagon's Joint Staff, told a news conference that more than 300,000 allied forces are now in the Gulf region, about 250,000 of them American. Last Friday his boss, Gen. Richard Myers, had put the allied total at 270,000. McChrystal would not discuss specific missions ol the additional forces that are en route to the Gulf or getting ready to go. They include 500 members of the Army's 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment who left tha Fort Polk, La., base on Sunday. They and their Humvee scout vehicles, Kiowa reconnaissance helicopters:nd other equipment were sent by air, enabling them to gel to Iraq quicker than if the equipment hadbeen sent b) sea, as originally planned. to Kep Your Day Job: Lmo" am While firewoIks can be spectacular to watch. ttomqalso be extromeuy daemrous km the f ands of wonjoum Attend public S i m dspayspt an bytraied qIqNals. Its the sw .EON" 

PAGE 16

Ar ,it The Associated Press TALLAHASSEE -Voters may be asked to decide what to do about rising malpractice insurance rates paid by doctors, some of whom say they can't afford to keep practicing. Advocates for malpractice victims and trial attorneys, who represent victims in malpractice lawsuits, said Monday they will try to get six measures on the ballot in 2004. The initiatives would be aimed at forcing malpractice premiums lower and requiring hospitals to provide more inform tion about errors, allow people to sue HMOs and require tougher doctor discipline. "We trust the people of Florida to protect consumers, to protect patients, to protect seniors and to demand accountability and fairness from the insurance industry," said Scott Carruthers, executive director of the Academy of Florida Trial Lawyers. Proponents of the measure would need to get about 490,000 signatures to get the measures on the ballot in November 2004. The move comes as the Legislature also tries to deal with the problem, which doctors say may leave some areas of Florida without access to health care. For example, two Central Florida hospitals say the high insurance rates may force them to close their trauma units. Lawmakers have deadlocked on the issue, with the major sticking point being a cap on some lawsuit damages. The House has voted to limit noneconomic damages, such as-those that compensate the victim for losing a family member, to $250,000. The Senate has balked at the proposal. Insurance companies say lawsuit losses are the main reason their rates are high. But the lawyers and victims argue lawsuit limits are unfair to the worst victims, and they say a ceiling on damages won't necessarily lower insurance rates. They argue the insurance industry has fought what they say is the one way to ensure lower rates -tougher regulation that would begin with the assumption that rates should be rolled back to 2001 levels. The lawyers are taking a cue from California, one of-the few states where doctors aren't threatening to quit their practices because of rising malpractice premiums. Voters there approved an insurance rate reduction in the 1980s. But California also has a $250,000 cap on damages, and the two sides argue about which of those is really the reason rates are lower., Gov. Jeb Bush is m fivor of capping damages and toured the state Monday to rally support for a cap. The insurance industry says the only thing forcing rates down with regulations would do is force insurance companies to leave the state, and there aren't that many writing malpractice insurance here to begin with. Insurance company representatives said the industry would likely fight the proposed amendment on stricter rate regulation. Gay couple suspects housing discrimination The Associated Press TALLAHASSEE -A university English teacher and middle school librarian have complained to Leon County officials that their efforts to obtain housing at the Westminster Oaks Retirement Community have been denied because they're lesbians.' "They said, 'if you say that you're cousins, or if you say that you are sikers' ... well, we're not cousins, and we're not sisters," Joy Lewis said Monday. "We haven't lived our lives with tiny lies or big lies." The San Francisco-based National Center for Lesbian Rights filed the complaint claiming Westminster officials violated the Leon County Fair Housing Code when it denied housing to the couple, who are otherwise qualified to live there. Lewis, 62, and Sheila Ortiz-Taylor, a 63-year-old English professor at Florida State University, have lived together for 13 years, marrying in a commitment ceremony last year in Vermont. Their original application was rejected in 1999. They were placed on a waiting list on their second try while the company's board of directors reviews a policy that excludes non-related people from living in their facility. Lewis and Ortiz-Taylor have left a $2,000 deposit to stay on the list. "People are living longer and there are going to be a lot of lesbians and gay men who are going to have problems finding a place for them to continue their relationship," Lewis said Monday. The women are mothers and grandmothers as well. They now live together in a fashionable new home in one of the city's. upscale developments but are thinking about the time whet they could need more care. "Lesbian and gay elders have the same need to plan for our senior years as non-gay people do," said Ortiz-Taylor, who has written books on lesbianism and teachers a lesbian literature course at Florida State. "This is about basic fairness and our desire to protect our children from having to be responsible for us as we age.U I Storm Seasn Spring often brings violent weather. sometimes without warning. Get ready now by planning to stay inside a sturdy building during severe weather. learning how to squat low if cauhtoutdoors dur Wtinand leaming CPR and fis aid to treat injures. Get more information from y loca American Red Cross chaser. A Se Applications for 2003-2004 Student Traffic Court Justices_ now being accepted. If you want tohave an impact on. cam pus paI0gthe pick-1 the Tra nsportaton and Pari SrE oat th ft* Unin--~ e Due b -00~p t-v-In-m :v 'II FF~ A~Tl~ -.. 14 AT T Tr.ATA TTTV4CTYAV ADDIf~x. ---777 16ALGAOTESDAY, APRIL 1,7003.9 Lawyers to pussurancerate relief2on 2004 llt Law tonps urnei-n Some gave all U.S. Marine Cpl. Jacob Hobkins from Columbus, Ind., meets with the It. Gen. Earl Hailston, commander of U.S. Marine Corps Forces Central Command, aboard USNS Comfort on Sunday, after being awarded the Purple Heart for injuries sustained during combat mission in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom. :.": : o ::-.7" 

PAGE 17

-.4'.. ..2r.j -~.,., a--I I With Drink Purchase I UFFET.. ... 1 Student Discount Coupon Nigt' ALL-U-CAN-EAT Every I ay -Every Night IPizza, Pasta, Salads & Desserts lam -10pm -This coupon expires 06-01-03 I ~& ore watch the' I1/2 mi N. of campus on NW 13th St.1nil NIo F n13t S. games on our 1405 NW 23rd Ave. LODC RESOT ew TV's 370 0 ,, =o +154MV1 S 32786 4. TUESDAY, APRIL L,-2003A President promw homelandsecur The Associated Press PHILADELPHIA -President Bush, linking war in Iraq to his. global anti-terrorism campaign, warned Monday that Saddam Hussein or his terrorist allies may try to strike America in retaliation for the U.S.-led fighting. "The dying regime in Iraq may try to bring terror to our shores," the president said in a speech to several hundred Coast Guard personnel. Bush also said that terrorist networks may consider the war an opportunity to strike America. "They are wrong," he said. "We are meeting the threats and acting to prevent the dangers." For months, Bush has sought to link Saddam's regime with al-Qaida and other terrorist organizations despite widespread skepticism from critics who question the administration's evidence. The national threat level was raised to code orange, the second-highest level, earlier this month, just before Bush ordered the attack on Iraq, because U.S. intelligence warned of i war-related attacks. in the United States. Wearing a U.S. Coast Guard jacket, Bush c6untered suggestions that U.S. forces are meeting more resistance than he had expected. "Many dangers lie ahead, but day by day we are moving closer to Baghdad," the president said. "Day by day, we are moving closer to victory." Democrats, aware of Bush's high approval ratings on -the Iraq conflict, questioned the president's homeland security policies but not his war plans. Critics followed Bush to Philadelphia. Scores of anti-war protesters greeted him as he arrived at the port of Philadelphia, their most dramatic props being replicas of oil derricks spewing blood. In his address, Bush focused on the goal of liberating Iraq, making relatively little mention of Saddam's alleged weapons of mass destruction, the initial reasoning for invading the Persian Gulf country. "Our victory will mean an end of a tyrant who rules by fear and torture," he said. Gates Foundation gives research grant The Associated Press SEATTLE -The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation gave $60 million Monday to help scientists develop a cream or gel that prevents sexual transmission of the AIDS virus among women in developing countries. The foundation made the donation to the International Partnership for Microbicides in Silver Spring, Md. It is one of the largest the foundation has made for global health initiatives and is a massive investment in the field of microbicides, which the foundation and IPM-said has been largely ignored by major pharmaceutical companies. Microbicides are gels, films, sponges and other products applied topically to help prevent sexual transmission of HIV..-0 Women are at a greater risk for HIV than men because the -aremo* likely to contract; it in a single exposure, and the-cervix is "a site of parkiUlar vulnerability," accord Sing to -the Web site for the Glob-. Campaign foi Micrdbleides, There are social reasons as -well stiological ones for the increased risk, said Helene Gayle, the foundation's dire+. tor of HIV, TB and Reproductive Health. The decision to use a condom is often up to the man, and female condoms are unavailable to women in developing nations, she said. "The only technology we have is a male-controlled technology -a condom," Gayle said. The foundation also found little interest among major pharmaceutical companies, because microbial products aren't moneymakers, she' said. There are more than 50 mi-': crobial substances under de-: velopment, said Zeda&",. Rosenberg, IPM's chief executive officer. Although years of testing remain, it's possible that a microbicide could be available by the end of the decade, she said. "[The grant] will certain help us more easily achieve our mission," goseberg said addinA that "there -a'e. many$ More 'rdes -'going to need to raise." IPM was formed in-Marcli -2002 Wjth' a $15 .mill!.io from, tOw JaeWlevz ada{ ion"adhs ~ue and gizJrdn thKor~ Bank. United a r opula-_ tion Fund, anidktegovern4 ment.s ,; *-e i.,::::+ :2.)!. ; ni ted): : ,,' -~ .~: 

PAGE 18

4 I' w F,4 1 A AT I Ti""' A£'^]M rT iwz" .1-AZ ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2003 Longhorns gaining notoriety en route to Final FOur The Assodated Press AUSTIN, Texas -At a school with little basketball tradition, the Texas Longhorns should be content just to reach the Final Four. Right? Don't try telling that to TJ. Ford, Coach Rick Barnes and the rest of the crew in burnt orange. They've got far loftier goals. When Ford hugged Barnes after the Longhorns' victory against Michigan State in the South Regional final, the coach quickly reminded his star point guard that the team's goal is a national title. "'We've got more work to do,"' Barnes told him. Texas is the only No. I seed in the Final Four, and the Longhorns like their chances in New Orleans. The other N'6. 1 s, Oklahoma, which reached the Final Four last season, and traditional powers Kentucky and Arizona are gone. The Longhorns (26-6) play Syracuse (28-5) in the national semifinals Saturday. Kansas faces Marquette in the other semifinal. Making its first Final Four appearanae in 56 years, the Longhorns are generating a buzz in a city where football is king. "We haven't won anything yet," Ford said. "This is a great feeling, but I'd rather cut down a net in New Orleans and put it on a national championship trophy." Barnes has wanted to take a team to the Final Four ever since 1981, when he was an assistant at George Mason and watched the games in Philadelphia. Until this season, he had never been past the round of 16 as a head coach. "I told myself then that when I became a head coach, the one thing I wanted to do for my team was to {take] them to a Final Four so they could experience and feel it," Barnes said. "Once you get there and experience that feeling, they will never question anything you tell them or get them to do in terms of getting there." Texas was last in the Final Four in 1946, when the NCAA Tournament field had eight teams. The Longhorns reached the regional finals in 1990. Barnes has steadily built expectations for postseason success. Texas won the Big 12 in his first season, and made the Tournament in five seasons under Barnes. The Longhorns have been focused on getting to the Final Four since losing to Oregon in the regional semifinals last season. Victories against North Carolina-Asheville and Purdue in the first two rounds allowed Texas to advance to play in San Antonio, fueling criticism that the NCAA set up the Longhorns to succeed by putting them so close to home. The crowds in the Alamodome were an advantage more than 60,000, most of them wearing orange, came to watchband fill the arena with chants of "Texas Fight!" The Longhorns didn't sell out any of their home games during the regular season. "It was a great feeling to look up and see so much orange," Barnes said. "These guys earned this. They deserved it." The crowds at the Superdome won't be so pro-Longhorn, although the prospect of a basketball championship has Texas fans scrambling for tickets to New Orleans. "I expect a lot of people to jump on the bandwagon," guard Royal Ivey said. "But that's OK. Im not going to eject anybody." Passionate junior steal spotlight in NCAA Tournament The Associated Press DAYTON, Ohio -Connecticut's Diana Taurasi is so gifted, so talented, so charismatic that even opponents enjoy watching her. Count Purdue coach Kristy Curry in that group. Curry has to figure out a way to stop Taurasi -well, slow her down, anyway -when her team meets Connecticut in the NCAA East Regional final on Tuesday night, with a berth in the Final Four in Atlanta at stake. But there was Curry on Monday, sounding as though she was jockeying to become Taurasi's agent once the Connecticut star goes professional. ."The more I think about her, she may be one of the best I've ever seen," Curry said. "The thing about Diana that I love is her emotion, her intensity, her fire. You see a lot of great players that show no emotion, but she has a special, specialsense to enjoy the game. "It's a fun thing, and I like to see her have fun -just not against us tomorrow." Taurasi certainly is having fun in the NCAA Tournament. That was never more evident than when the defending national champs defeated Boston College 70-49 in the regional semifinals Sunday. The 6-foot junior scored 26 points on 10-for-17 shooting and let her emotions show. She laughed while running down the floor after scoring. She gave a high five to a ball girl before an inbounds pass. At a particularly intense moment, she let out one of those screams that result in the contorted faces captured in so many Tournament photographs. Cocky? Sure. Arrogant? You bet. Can she back it up with her play? Most definitely. "I don't know any great player who isn't cocky and arrogant and thinks they're the best," Connecticut coach Geno Auriemma said. "It's just unusual for a woman to walk around and act like that. But she's not normal. What can I tell you?" Taurasi led Connecticut in scoring, rebounding and assists during the regular season, when she carried an inexperienced team all the way to the Big East Tournament Championship game before it finally lost, snapping the Huskies' two-year string of 70 consecutive wins. She has been even better in the NCAA Tournament, averaging 27.3 points and 6.7 rebounds while shooting 55 percent from three-point range (11 of 20) and 60 percent overall. So what's the first thing she wants to do against Purdue? Pass the ball to someone else, specifically Jessica Moore and Barbara Turner in the post. "I really like to pass. I like to get my teammates involved," Taurasi said. "I love to see them come down the court and g6t layups." Whatever Taurasi does, she'll do it in pain. She has been playing hurt for several weeks now, nagged by a sore back and right ankle. "When you see her make the shots she makes, you're saying, how does she do that? What gives her the guts to actually think she can make those plays?" Auriemmi said. "It's the same thing with her injuries. She just thinks this is not a problem. Any other player would have been out three or four weeks with what she's dealing with." Glavine disappoints crowd in debut as New York ace The Associated Press NEW YORK -The thrill of the Tom Glavine era lasted all of one pitch for Mets fans. -After that, Corey Patterson and the Chicago Cubs flattened them. Glavine started the season with a called strike, then completely fell apart. Booed off the mound in the fourth inning, he was long gone by the time Patterson finished with two home runs and seven RBI Monday in a 15-2 romp against the embarrassed New Yorkers. New manager Dusty Baker saw ace Kerry Wood win with five effective innings on a cold, blustery afternoon and watched Juan Cruz tie a team record by striking out six consecutive batters in relief. For new Mets manager Art Howe, his debut: was an utter disaster. Glavine struggled, and New York's defensewhich led the majors in errors last yeariti a last-place finish l-okee evenwont'. Mewp chersw l 1 and gave 'i ,C full by the middle innings, with fans sitting through a gametime temperature of 39 degrees with winds at 20 mph. Yet that didn't stop the bundled-up crowd from jeering when the Mets couldn't even throw the ball around the infield without a mistake. By the late innings, it had become a nonstop boo-fest. The lone break came when fans chanted "Lenny! Lenny!" as former Mets pinch-hitter came to bat for the Cubs. Glavine never found his rhythm, walking the leadoff man and giving up four runs in the first inning. The two-time Cy Young Award." winner sp"ent'the past 16 years pitching for rival Atlanta but left to'. sign a $35-million, three-year contract with the Mets. For years,. Glavine and Greg Maddux led the Braves' rotation. Perhaps it Was fitting. taas Glavine walked offthe mound after i a rou frt. aaip -the Sheascoreboardtshowed:a zad also *Ve U'1010riwi fithe firpt of At1 Pitcher TOM 4 

PAGE 19

TUESDAY, U When will your ad run? Classifieds begin TWO WORKING DAYS after they are placed. Ads placed at the Hub may take THREE days to appear. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds for cancelled ads. 0 All real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination.". We will not knowingly accept, any advertising for real estate which is in violation of the law. All persons are hereby informed that-all dwellings advertised are available on an equal opportunity basis. 0 All employment opportunities advertised herein are subject to the laws which prohibit discrimination in employment (barring legal exceptions) because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, handicap, familial status, age, or any other covered status. FOR RENT: FURNMH *LIVE THELEGENPAll amenities, cable, clo eto UF. Come see. Open LATE 377-2777 4-23-72-1 2 ikto 0 U How to place a classified ad: In Person: Cash, check, MC or VISA The Alligator Office 1105 W. University Ave. M -F, 8am -4 pm Hub Customer Service Desk M-F, 8 am -6 pm, Sat. 10 am -5 pm By Mail: Use forms appearing weekly in the Alligator. Sorry, no cash by mail. MC, VISA or checks only. By Phone 373-FIND: Payment by-VISA or Mastercard. M -F, 8 am -4 pm U How to correct or cancel your ad: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND Mon.-Fri., 8-4 pm. No refunds can be given. Alligator errors: Check your ad the FIRST day it runs. Call 373-FIND with any corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can b* given after placing the ad. Changes called in after the first day will not be additionally compensated. Customer error or changes: Corrections must be made BEFORE NOON for the next day's paper. There will be a $2.00 charge for the correction. rU-Now on-line at: www.alligator.org 0 This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through the type of advertising that is know as .personal" or 'connections' whether or not they actually appear under those classifications. We suggest that any reader who responds to that type of advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information. 0 Although this newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods ard/or services through any advertising contained herein. IFOR RENT. FURNISHED PRIME LOCATION for UF STUDENTS Lg house furn 4 pvt rms, cent AC/heat, ice-maker, all utits incl ph & DSL. indiv or w/3 frieidt. 208 NW 16th St across from Looking.Glass. Joe 332-2918. 4-1-15-1 2 Roa v i n 4BR/4BA. Brand 40'i-,never been lived: in. $415/mo-fl*tyr fts~,A~~m i FOR RENT -FURNISHED OASIS 3436 SW 42 Ave & 34 Very Large, Quiet, huge patios T'wo Bed UNFURNISHED $575 377-3149. 4-23-72-1 Be a Girly Girl Exclusive Residence Hall for Women, steps to Norman Hall and Sorority row. Affordable rent! Brand new kitchen! Sign a lease and get free shoes! All floorplans currently avail, but not for long. Call 3358471 or ThelvyHouse.net 4-23-47-1 FREE STUFF! HUGE 4 & 5 bed apts directly across from Tigert. All-inclusive and individul leases w/ wireless internet. Sign a lease now and get a free pair of shoes to take advantage of your, new location PLUS Great Rent Specials! Call 372-3557 or check out TheCourtyards.net 4-23-47-1 ** EFFICIENCY WALK TO UF ** Clean, comfortable, pvt entrance, parking. $320/mo incl utils. No pets. Call 3768026. 4-14-25-1 Marchwood 2BR/2BA furnished townhouse. Screened porch/deck, W/D. MidMay thru mid-Aug. Incl. utilities, phone & cable. Responsible grad NS student pref. Rent $850/mo. 352-376-9386. 4-4-10-1 SUMMER BEDROOM Master bedroom in 3/2 house, hardwood floors, private 1/2 bath. Everything you need. $325/mo. Matt 386-212-7277 / 352377-7159 4-2-5-1 Fall 2003 (8/1/03 -7/31/04) 4BR/BA Countryside @ the University Condo. Walk-in closets; pvt full bathrooms, fully furnished, utilities, cable/internet 1BR/1BA avail 4/1/03 -7/31/03 $425/mo 904-333-2674 www.xcopia.com 4-23-201 CRYSTAL RIVER New studio apt. Freshwater boat dock. Completely furnished. Summer special. Bring food & clothes & boat. $700/mo.-Call 372-0507 4-23-20-1 Wanted: a serious, quiet student for remaining furn BR/BA in 4BR/4BA 2nd floor condo @ Countryside @ the University. Bldg has locked entry,-well lit parking, W/D, walk-in closet, furn common area. $425/mo. U.tils paid by owner. Please call for detail 572-6507 or 271-4384 4-2-5-1 Neat University Terrace 4BR/4BA condo. Full kitchen, LR/DR, W/D, cable, internet, utils incl. $365/mo. Male roommates only. 2 rooms avail. 352-335-6134 or 865-6718957 4-11-10-1 Roommate needed. One room in a two bedroom townhouse in Rockwood Villas. Call 352-373-6319 if interested. (Fall 2003) 4-7-5-1 $100 MOVE IN BONUS 1 or 2RM in, 4BR/28A, summer, Sterling. All incl $380/mO OBO. 870-9944. 4-7-5-1 FORRNT: 2: tiRJNSHED Totar Elec-,,-2 & 3 Bedroom. $375-$500. Genta/c, ppl, tennis, S ,baj, waste, pest, lawnmowi L 2 tfi ttto. MF 10-3 or by Fr -0 .4400 SW 20th 44 >jb-i line #20. 4-23-.241 L/ ::--::p it juit a c4dc away. Studio'F s ENGINE, 4 23-26-1 Luxu sfro :.: .....FREE EKE'NDS -ATION LAvAT --* .Av a -1-7777 ....f Hall -Luxurystudont living just 4-23-72-2 Mok to UF. NOW Offering ean-All4:* arid, o--e4 E fitf k -YIa --.AL ci'des: furniture, utilities, cable-.$891 Ig onth',,rent 64 23.925 or vwt-,.at w.wln .114 .yb. ,. ,. 2 FOR RENTUNFURNISHED "HOW BIG IS IT?** Over 1600 sq ft! 4BR TH, WD, Alrm. PETS OK, Prk FREE by UF, FREE Gym, 1, 2, 3 BR TH's Avail NOW/FALL! DAILY SPECIALS332-7401 4-23-72-2 We Have What You Are Looking For! Great Locations close to UF/Shands/Shopping Surf our website @ www.rentgainesville.com Union Properties, Inc. 373-7578 4-23-72-2 Deluxe, large 1,2,3,4,6 BRs 60 seconds to UF. Remodeled, Old house charm. Cent A/C, Washer/dryer incl. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. $495.00 and up 538-2181 Iv message. 4-23-72-2 Astounding-Deals! 1BR-569,2BR-680,3BR-850,4BR-1 140 Alarm, FREE UF parking, bball, tennis We love pets! Open Weekends. Fall Specials, call 376-4002 4-24-67-2 Deluxe, large One Bedroom, 60 seconds to UF. Wood floors, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Private Owner. Avail June or August $595 & up. 538-2181 Lv Message. 4-2372-2 *LUXURY LIVING* l's, 2's, 3's and Rm. Match! Free Tanning, cable and more! Open til 10! 377-2777 4-23-72-2 ***UNION PROPERTIES*** For a full list of our properties Go To www.rentgainesville.com You'll find your next home here! 373-7578 4-23-72-2 LOSE YOURSELF IN LUXURY HUGE 2/2 & 3/3 luxury townhms W/D, vaulted ceilings, screened porch, Pets OK-DOG PARK! Now & Fall! Open weekends! 377-2801 4-23-72-2 ,Close to UF & Bus Route Rooms for Rent $350/mo Some util. incl./Indiv leases Roommate matching @ University Terrace Condos Union Properties 373-7578 4-23-72-2 ATTENTION STUDENTS OTumblin CreekAlmost new 2BR/2BA townhomes completely equipped including W/D & security system. $650/mo Call 372-7755. ARS Associates Realty Services www.associatesrealty.com 4-23-722 BRIGHT CLEAN 2BR/1BA FLAT MUST SEE A/C, DW, W/D hookups, tile or carpet,patio, 850 sq ft, bus line, pets considered. $535 278-0978. 4-23-72-2 AROUND UF 2 bedroom $455-$495 Gore-Rabell Real Estate Inc. 378-1387, www.gore-rabell.com 4-23-72-2 Deserve the Best 1, 2 & 3BRs just for YOU! Free tanning, garages & 24hr fitness. *Only 1-9 miles to UF* Open Weekends 372-0400 4-23-72-2 A great deal in Gainesvillel New 2BR/2.5BA townhouses w/ W/D, monitorefdalarm; jacuzzispoot; tanning beds, & much much more. Starting at $795/mo w/ great move-in special. 352-692-04754-'23-53-2 **LUXURY BY SORORITY ROW**'" 2BR/2.5BA Townhornes,WD,dishwash er Monitored alarm, Pets Welcome! Leasng NOW and F tt '03! Call 372-7111 4-23-72-2-WAI4NA Bt! SPOILED Live pamperd in our 2/12 & 3/3's! 2 FOR RENT -UNFURNISHED Gator Place Apt, 3600 SW 23 St. 2BR/1BA W/D is optional. Park in front of your apt. Pet play park. $500/mo 3769018. 4-23-72-2 Quiet, clean, lots of green space. Rustic 1BR apt. $325/mo. Call 372-6881 or mobile 213-3901. 4-23-72-2 LUXURY at UF Convenience of the dorms, But with your own Private Bath. W/D, alarm, Pets OK, from $460/BR OPEN WEEKENDS 371-7777 4-23-72-2 *'1BD & 2BD BEAUTIFUL* **NEW kitchens, tile, carpet, paint** 1BD-over 800 sq ftOO $575/mo 2BD-over 1,100 sq ft*0$650/mo Close to UF/Shands, pets OK $150 off deposit 0 376-2508 4-23-59-2 CALL WATSON For a complete list of homes and condos go to www.watsonrent.com or call Watson Realty Corp. 335-0440 4-23-72-2 **SLEEP IN LATE** Studios, all utilities included l's, 2's from $449. Pets Welcome Walk or bike to campus! 372-7111 1216 SW 2nd Ave collegemanor.org 4-23-72-2 1 BIG IS BEST! 0 1/1, 2/2, 3/2 & Townhouses! 0 Huge floorplans! Now & Fall! W. Pools Fitness V-ball B-ball Bike to UF *** 335-PARK 4-23-43-2 HOOTERS Live just steps away from Hooters Studios, 1/1, 2/2 THs & flats, & 3/3 THs Pool, Covered Parking, & Pets OK Filling Fast, Call Today! 338-0002 23-72-2 *SUN BAY Apartments 0 *Grad students $99 Deposit 0 **Walk or Bike to Campus *0 1-1 $440/mo**0 2-1 $500/mo www.sunbayuf.com 000 376-6720 4-23-72-2 DON'T LET TIME SLIP AWAY Luxury I & 2BR and 3BR Townhouses ALL Amenities & Gated, 24 hr gym Free Cable & Tanning, Pets OK The Laurels, 335-4455 4-23-72-2 **Luxury Apts w/o a Luxury Price* FREE Cable+HBO & Show, Tanning 3/3,.4/4 from $340/bed 336-3838 4-23-72-2 AFFORDABLE STUDENT LIVING, 1& 2 BR apts, Located off SW 20th-Ave. From $365 to $450, incl water, sewer, pest & garb. SORRY NO PETS ALLOWED. ASK ABOUT MONTHLY SPECIALS 335-7066. 4-23-72-2 WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? LUXURY LIVING ALMOST FULL! Spacious 1. 2 & 3 Bedrooms! All the perks included! 374-3866 4-23-72-2 OUR RESIDENTS ARE #11 V 1BR$430 ** 2BR -$505 Walk to UF/Shands! Pets Welcome Great Pools! Now & Fall 372'1555 4-23-72-2AWESO' LOCATION-. Huge 2BR,A Townhouses FREE/'h WM.BO& ShW... Fitnas Csp~ Po~*Pet4 oK Loosing NOW/FAL*379-925 Another atu4ay nrg "wthout a -dato Read the Alitgator. _IF 4, 

PAGE 20

20, ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2003 2 FOR RENT -UNFURNISHED ABSOLUTELY HUGE! NEW kitchens, carpet, paint, tile New gym, pools, tennis, tanning 3BD & 4BD townhouse FROM $258 per person Close to UF & Shands $350 off deposit 376-2507 4-23-59-2 *LIVE LIKE A STAR *** FREE Tanning*Gym*Pool*SpaAttached Garage*Alarm*Gated Limited Availability! 1,2,or 3 BR CALL NOW! 338-0003 4-23-72-2 Specialnear UF/hospitals, SW 2br/1.5ba carpet, lots of storage, eat-in kitchen, $485 Ed Baur Management Inc. 375-7104 edbaurmanagement.com 4-23-51-2 1BR & 2BR/1BA with W/D. central heat/air, dishwasher, ceramic tile, private patio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th St. near bus rt. From $499 Serenola Manor 3771633. 4-23-79-2 Deluxe, large One Bedroom, 60 seconds to UF. Wood floors, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Private Owner. Avail. June $595. 5382181. Lv Message. 4-23-72-2 GOT WOOD? 1 and 2 BR's with WOOD FLOORS From only $555! 1 block from UF! Pets OK -OPEN WEEKENDS 1620 University Ave 371-7777 4-23-70-2 3 TIMES THE FUN! 3BR's just steps from UF! HUGE living room, courtyard setting, PETS OK, from just $355 per person! OPEN WEEKENDS 371-7777 4-23-70-2 NEWLY REMODELED ST's and 2BR's at UF Limited available Now and Fall. From $549 Free Parking. OPEN WEEKENDS 371-7777 4-23-70-2 Walk to Campus, lbr & 2br duplex, 1414 AW 1st Ave, all new floors, appliances, $550 & $650, Ed Baur Management, Inc. 375-7104. edbaurmanagement.com 423-72-2 ALL YOU WANT AND MORE!! 1, 2 & 3BR's for fall. Great location,Pets Welcome, Park across UF free. Pool, clubhouse, fitness, b-ball, alarms. Call 373-1111, get in on the greatness! 4-2369-2 Totally remodeled, 1BR/1BA, 2BR/2BA & 3BR/2BA. New carpet, Italian tile, cent AC/H, covered patio, DW, verticals. Some w/ W/D hook-up, pool. $395, $495, $675. Some in walking dist to UF. 332-7700. 4-23-68-2 University Terrace Apts Fall leases available! $365/mo. per room inc. some utilities. Roommate Matching Available. Individual leases for 4BR4BA. Union Properties, Inc 373-7578 4-23-67-2 Historic Apartments. Ceiling fans, hardwood floors, high ceilings, some w/fireplaces. 1, 2 & 3 Brs. First, last, security. Downtown location. No dogs please. 3783704. 4-23-65-2 3BD/2.5BA townhouse ONLY $775/mo Brand new kitchen, baths Carpet, tile, gym and more Great location to UF! $250 off deposit 0 376-2507 4 -23-64-2 GET THE MOST FOR YOUR MONEY! Almost new 2BR/2.5BA townhouse with W/D, alarm sys., fully equipped kitchen, front door parking, & concrete block party walls for noise abatement. Great location close to UF & shopping. $675/mo 3320834 4-23-59-2 WE TREAT YOU RIGHT! 1 Bedroom -$430 **2 Bedroom -$505 Sparkling Pools & Nice Courtyards -*Quiet Community'* Walk to UF/Shands Pets Welcome **Now & Fall "*372 7555 4-23-43-2 THREE BEDROOMS -HUGE! FOr; ONLY $7,50)/month TOTAL! Huge tioorplan! WaterISewer inc Bike to UF Now & Fall! poos/itnssB-blV-bal 335-PARK -a.W60V Mfl mI 2 FOR RENT -UNFURNISHED Paradlise In the City! Well located, yet secluded 1, 2 and 3 bedroom houses and apts, 2 blks to UF. Lots'of amenities. Call 376-6223 for more information! 4-23-47-2 Walk to Tigert! Historic 1BD/1BA with lots of charm and personality. 2 blks to UF. Newly renovated exterior, must see! DSL internet included. Call 376-6223. 4-23-47-2 Live like A Kingi WALK 2 blks to campus from Royale Palms! Brand new 1, 2 & 3 bed apts. TONS of amenities! Each W/D, color tv in kitchen, high-speed Internet, & MUCH MUCH more! Check our website for pictures and progress at TriMarkProperties.com OR, call 376-6223. Avail July 2003. 4-23-47-2 Study in Silence 1 & 2 bdrm apts w/ great location behind Norman Hall. Lrge closets, central H/AC and free parking. Thick walls for quiet living. Call 376-6223 or TriMarkProperties.com 4-23-47-2 Walk to the O'Dome 1BD/1BA loft apt. across from FL Field & the O'dome. 600 sq.ft. in lush wooded area. Lots of storage. Steps to campus! 376-6223 or TriMarkProperties.com 423-47-2 FREE RENT FOR 1 MONTH ON LUXURY 1,2 & 3 BDRM APTS!! 2 MONTHS FREE RENT ON FURNITURE PKG. CALL SPYGLASS APTS FOR DETAILS. 373-6330. LIMITED TIME ONLY. CONTEMPORY MGMT. LIC. R.E. BROKER 4-23-43-2 $200 OFF 1ST MONTH RENT ON SPACIOUS 2B/1BA APTS. AVAILABLE NOW. W/D HOOKUPS, PET OK. $575/MO 372-0300 CONTEMPORARY MGMT. CONCEPTS LIC. R.E BROKER 4-23-43-2 WATERFRONT VIEWS & PVT COURTYARDS AVAIL. 1,2,3 BR SPECIALS 1 MONTH FREE RENT SIGN BEFORE 2/28/03. LAKEWOOD VILLAS APTS. 371-8009. CONTEMPORARY MGMT CONCEPTS. LIC. R.E. BROKER 4-23-43-2 1 MONTH FREE RENT 2 BR MOVE-IN SPECIAL! GATED COMMUNITY, PRIVATE COURTYARDS. WOODLAND VILLAS 332-3022. LIMITED TIME ONLY. CONTEMPORARY MGMT CONCEPTS. LIC R.E. BROKER 4-23-432 A cheerful house for people and pets. Close to UF, Stores, Park 3BR/1BA at 208 NW 35th St. $825/mo. Call 374-6905. 423-42-2 *Large 2BR Duplex* Near University Extreme large screen porch 22 ft x 10 ft overlooking a private fenced back yard. Multi use added room 22 ft x 10 ft. W/D + many more extras. Only $400 deposit + $675/mo. 1710 SW 38th Terrace #B. Call 352-372-3131 or 352-376-5095. 4-2342-2 115 STEPS FROM CAMPUSI!! Luxury -Opposite Library West! Beautiful 2BDI2BA...all amenities LOOKING GLASS APARTMENTS Call 376-1111 or Come by 111 NW 16th St. #6 4-23-45-2 NEED SECLUSION IN SW? Brighton Park is your answer. Spacious 2BR/2.5BA townhomes. W/D. New 2000. Pool, numerous amenities. Super specials. 4415 SW 34th St $795 692-0475 4-23-33-2 4 rooms in 4BR/4BA available now $370 rent includes utilities and Furnished living room. Lease is negotiable and ends July 31. Call 871-4632 or 271-7307 4-4-26-2 AFFORDABLE SECURITY Spacious 2BR, customized security gate, ceiling fans,-balcony. Second level on cul-de-sac. 825 SW 62nd Terr $375/mo Pvt owner, Iv mssg 331-2099 4-4-20-2 Affordable I & 2 BR/1BA apts, biking distance to UF, totally renovated, including. new appliances. Great-move-in specials! 501 NW 15th Ave. Call 692-0475. 4-23-. 27-2 2 FORRENT -UNFURNISHED MILLRUN CONDO NOW AVAIL. 2BR/1.5BA, 1,000.sq.ft., W/D hkups. VERY NICE & CLEAN. $565/mo. Call 379-0619. 4-23-38-2 BETTER THAN A HOUSE Enormous 3BR/3BA Luxury-Apts. FREE Cable w/HBO & Show 24hr. Maintenance & Alarm Pets Welcome**379-9255 4-23-40-2 **ELLIE'S HOUSES FOR RENT** Quality single family homes. Reserve now for Aug 1st. www.ellieshouses.com 352215-4991 or 352-215-4990 4-23-34-2 3BR/2BA HOUSE. Available Aug. 1st. Close.to campus. Large fenced yard,.cent A/C, $1100/mo. 3423 NW I1st Ct. Drive by then call Marty 373-7724. 4-23-33-2 AMAZING DOWNTOWN CONVENIENCE Studios, 1/1, 2/2 THs & flats, & 3/3 THs Pool, Covered Parking, & Pets OK Just Steps to Everything Downtown!! Filling Fast, Call Today! 338-0002. 4-23-31-2 *Cruise into Savings* New Apartments from $538 AMAZING special call 332-4300 4-23-26-2 SUMMER/FALL $400 VERY QUIET, 1BR apt Ig, liv/din rm, Ig BR, spacious ktchn, pvt patio, carpet, fans, bus, by UF, clean, safe, green space, lawn & trees. No dogs. 1825A NW 10 St 376-0080 4-4-20-2 Adorable 1BR apt. Move in special. Pets welcome. Call 3720118 4-23-28-2 QUAINT 1BR/1BA APT IN HISTORIC VICTORIAN HOUSE. Hardwood floors, high ceilings, fans, AC/heat, avail Aug. 1. 225 SW 3rd Ave. $425/mo 376-2184 4-715-2 ** "2-Blocks to UF" ** Upstairs of house makes 2BD apt. Cent A/C, carpet $575 mo 311 NW 11th St. 375-8256 4-23-27-2 ** One Block toUF** 3BD 1BA vintage cottage, cent a/c $1100 mo. 1325 NW 3rd Pl. 375-8256 4-23-27-2 ** 1-Block to UF ** 3BD 1BA Bighouse, yard & screened porch, WD hookup. 1326 NW 3rd Pl. $1300 mo. 375-8256 4-23-27-2 Located Behind Swamp* BIG 2BD House, HW floors cent A/C, Fireplace $850 mo. 1835#1 NW 5th Ave 375-8256 4-23-27-2 **WALK to UF ** 2BD 1BA duplex w/ parking 1328 NW 3rd Ave $675 mo 375-8256 4-23-27-2 HISTORIC HOUSES DOWNTOWN FOR RENT Hardwood floors, high ceilings, tile floors, W/D, 3BR/1BA, 2BR/1 BA,. $650 to $350. See at: Pleasant~treet.net 3713571. 4-8-15-2 HOUSES 1 mi to UF now & fall 331-0095 816 NW 37th Dr now 3/2 tam rm $1300 611 NW 34th Terr fall 3/2 fain rm $1200 1802 NW 38th Terr fall 3/2 carport $950 630 NW 35th St now 3/2 fain rm $1200 4-23-26-2 1 BR apt" in cute duplex/home NW 6th St. & 19th Ave. Wood floors, small backyard area, pets w/deposit, close tO UF, on bus line. $400/mo C3all Alicia  372-9525 or call 222-7148. 4-1-10-2 HOMESTEAD APTS 2BR apte from $549 Call about our pie-leasing special 4-23-26-2 37-2. ***MOVE NOW -FREE RENT*** Must See Magnolia-Manor Apts. Stylish 2/2, W/D alarm, skylights, 10, ceilings, front-door parking, petsok. $800$700/mo 371-1072.4-1-10-2 $199 MOVES YOU INI 1, 2, 3 & 40Rapthomes Close to campus & Butter Plaza'On Bus RtTowns Par Apts375-3072. 4-23-26-2 2 FOR RENT UNFURNISHED Rooms for rent w/baths. Kitchen, W/D shared. 4miles from UF. Private home, rural area. $350/mo each share utils. Call 371-2934. 4-1-40-2 Spacious 2BR/1 BA $200 OFF 1st month rent for limited time2/15/03. W/D hook ups, pets ok, $575/mo. Available now! 372-0300. Contemporary Management Concepts Inc Licensed Real Estate Broker. 4-23-54-2 SPYGLASS Luxury 1, 2 & 3BR apts. Act now on our great move-in specials. Offering 1 month FREE rent on conventional and individual leases and 2 months FREE on furniture packages. Mon thru Fri 9am to 6pm, Sat 10am to 3pm. 701 SW 62nd Blvd. 373-6330 Contemporary Mgmt Concepts, Inc. Lic R.E. Broker 4-23-53-2 Cute 1BR duplex in quiet NW area behind Applebee's, wood floors, large fenced yard, some utilities included. Available now. $395/mo 338-7670. 4-7-14-2 For Rent or For Sale! 2Br house in SW near Butler Plaza. Large fenced yard, quiet + private. Perfect for handyman. May owner finance! Rent $475; Buy: 45k 38-7670. 4-7-14-2 Cute, Quiet, Clean! 3BR/2BA house in NW wood floors, CH/A, dishwasher, washer/dryer, bike to UF, walk to stores, Be near bus stop, $880/mo 338-7670. 47-14-2 Vintage 4BR/2 1/2 BA house in quiet NW area near Applebee's. Wood floors, CH/A, laundry hook-ups, nice open porches avail NOW! $1150/mo. Others avail. 338-7670. 4-7-14-2 $129 moves you in! 1 month FREE RENT Move in ASAP. 2BR's from $799. Full size W/D, pool, direct campus access. 3769607. 2360 SW Archer Rd. Pebble Creek Apts. 4-23-26-2 Accepting contracts for fall now! Indiv leases for top floor condos at Countryside 4000 SW 23rd St. Pvt ba w/ea BR utils, furn, living area, W/D incl. Great rates, low depst. 904-261-9840. 4-8-15-2 Room in private family home. Share bathroom. All utils and cable incl. W/D use & kitchen priviliges. Non-smoker, no pets. References required. No lease $350/mo 352-378-7496. 4-1-10-2 SOLVE YOUR PARKING PROBLEMSWalk to campus from Anglia (NW 15th St & 6th Ave). Leasing now for Fall 03. Modern apts, cen H/A, W/D, monitored, sec sys & designated parking. 1 yr lease: 1st, last & sec. 4BR/2BA $1150; 3BR/2BA $950: per mo, Some immediate vacancies avail at discounted rates. Call 386-4624252 for appt. 4-23-26-2 2 FOR E -UNFU ISI ONLY BLOCKS TO UF. 4BR/2BA houses-starting 0 $1200/mo 1 avail 5/i, others avail 8/1. 36R/1 or 2 BA houses starting 0 $900/mo avail 8/1. 2BR/lBA apts; Starting 0 475/mo prefer grad students or seniors. 1 avail now. others avail 8/1.'1BR/1BA apts starting a $440/mo. 1 avail 6/1 others Avail 8/1. Call Carol 377-3852 or 284-9726. 4-8-15-2 DUCK POND EFFICIENCY. 2nd floor apt. 2 miles from campus. A/C, parking, storage. Cats or small dog OK. Available May 1st. Rent $400/mo, 1st & last 0 signing + all utils. 371-7149; Iv mssg 4-2-10-2 1 blk from UF. Avail May. 3BR/2BA $1100; 2BR/1BA $700; 1BRP1BA $450; or rooms $350-300. 1 yr lease, sec dep, NS, No pets. Call 352-870-7256 4-2-10-2 **WALK TO UF** Located behind Norman Hall Library, Gorgeous All-Inclusive Studio Apts. Starting 0 $575/mo Call (352)-337-9255 4-23-25-2 WALK TO O'DOME 2 bedroom 1 bath, Duplex, new paint, Vertical blinds, 110 NW 21st Street. Move in today, some pets ok, Only $495 Andree Realty 375-2900 4-23-25-2 Very quiet/very clean. Spacious & safe $500. 2BR/1BA -carpet, Ig LR & BR's, hook-ups, util rm, fans, bus, near UF, green .pace, no dogs 1824 NW 10th St 376-0080 4-4-10-2 WORK ON HORSE FARM IN EXCHANGE FOR RENT. Flex hours. Wonderful garden cottage, Micanopy 591-2474 4-4-102 *** 7 BLOCKS TO U.F. *** 3 large BD/2BA, study, cent A/H, hwfloors, ceiling fans, screened porch, washer/dryer 105 NW 7th Terr $1150. 904-631-0292 4-7-10-2 $100 OFF FIRST MONTH'S RENT 1 & 2 BR apts. avail. Close to SFCC, 1-75, & Oaks Mall. Pets welcome. Call 3325070. 4-23-17-2 A+ FOR SPACIOUS APTS! 1 & 2 BR apts. avail. Free basic cable, W/D hook-ups, closets galore, & more. Pets welcome. Call 372-9913. 4-23-17-2 9 DUCKPOND 0 m/f prof/grad n/s. 3BR spacioius house: DSL, W/D,DW, wood floors, huge fenced yard (trained pets only) start 8/1 (perhaps 6/1) $350/mo 371-0854. 4-7-5-2 *** DOWNTOWN *** AVAILABLE NOW! Quaint 1BR apt. w/ fenced yard. Recently renovated. 216 SW 3rd Ave. $380/mo. Call 371-3260 4-7:10-2 to your Jewish Community Teniglhti 7:45 pm Pirkei Avot-Campus Club apt 832 Wednesday 6:45 pm Discover a journey into the why of being JewishOrange and Brew (Reitz Union) Thursday 7pm Gators for Israel Elections at Hlel Friday-Swsday Jewish Spirituality Series Presents Rabbi Rachel Sabath When Cage anW *: Judaism's Creative Crisis' Friday night I 30 p-Satur:ay 12& 6:30 po; dy10,&m AN "ant hed at HIMlwl dwi t ue MeaLs 7 pm Poseover is o -0 2w k.a U. e i spa)e's t our conmaunal oedcjis, sign u aply fo a seder grant (vuhosyusea. wt A*.editr *t YOW ktfof HISTORIC HOUSE SE 4th St near GRU.. Wood floor, ceiling fans. cent AC/H, porch, off-road parking. 10 min to UF, WAD1* up.'Iqbacard.$7401mo 378-3704. 4-4.18-2 Pdter Abelow-speaks-on VWsrael a mmrsstravel -HNlo 

PAGE 21

TUESDAY, APRIL I,20X3 .... .... .... .... ..Sit... W_ 3SIBAE HOUSE/APARThENT LARGE PRIVATE ROOM 3 blocks to UF for male student. Share kitchen, bath, W/D. Cent A/C, parking. Avail now or May 1$t No pets. $200/mo + share utils 3722284. 4-8-10-2 LARGE & AFFORDABLE 2BR/$500 + 3BR/$600 + Granada Apts. 378-4969 0 1800 NW 4th St  4-8-10-2 CONDO FOR RENT IMMACULATE, SPACIOUS 2BR/2BA w/garage @ Newberry & 50th Blvd. Available 5/1 $1250/mo + deposit. Prefer longterm lease. Call 352-379-1390. 4-14-14-2 2BR/1BA, 1400 sq ft. $600/mo. $100 off 1st. New paint tile. Quiet neighborhood. Call 335-9657. 4-3-7-2 FREE UTILITIES! $400/mo, incl. everything. 4/4 condo inUniversity Terrace. Private room + bath. Pool, internet, Avail 5/7. More info www.emsys.net/uf/room.html 256-6734. 4-15-15-2 Close to Norman Hall/UF Year lease from Aug 16th Cent A/H Parking. No pets. 1BR/1BA efficiency 1022.5 NW 4th Av. $325/mo 3BR/2BA house 1022 NW 4th Av. $960/mo 2BR/1BA duplex 910 SW 6th Av $550/mo 4BR/2BA house 605 SW 9th St. $1400/mo. Call 665-0144 4-4-8-2 3BD/BA for rent @ University Terrace. Washer/dryer, free cable, on bus route, individual leases. $325/mo, Call Ted @ 514-1075 4-9-10-2 3 unfurn BR/BA w/furn common area in 2nd floor condo @ Countryside @ the University. W/D, walk-in closets, $350/mo. Call for details 572-6507 or 271-4384 4-2-5-2 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTMENT TOWNHOUSES! HUGE! Only $605/month for 2 bedroom! Water/Sewer included in rent 1180 sf! Fitness*Volleyball*Basketball*PoolsI Pets Welcome! 335-PARK 4-23-19-2 ***Pool Home, Close to Cgmpus*** 3/2 split plan, wood flrs,4ireplace, fenced yard. Pool svc, yard maint includ in rent. $1400/mo. 1325 NW 10th Ave. Ph. 4664171, leave message. 4-7-7-2 Lovely 1BR apt for rent in beautiful old house. Corner st NW 3rd Ave & 10th St. Call 352-219-5480 or 386-462-5452. 4-1010-2 2BR/1.5BA. W/D Hkups. Dishwasher, garbage disposal, ceiling fans, newly painted, has blinds. 1st floor. $440/mo. On bus route. Call 332-7298 4-4-5-2 AVAILABLE MAY 1st. Spacious 3BR/2BA home. Close to UF. Big fenced yard. Clean & nice. $900/mo. Call 378-4684 43-4-2 Apartment for rent 1BR in 2BR/2BA apt. On Route 12. Call Kristen 271-1236 4-45-2 DUCK POND! 1/2 MONTH FREE! Large studios & bedrooms w/ wood floors, h-igh ceilings, water & pest control included, $420-$475/rent cats considered, 414 NW 5th Avenue. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-11-9-2 MILE RUN -beautiful 2BR 2BA In great NWneighborhood, vaulted Living room ceiling, washer & dryer, Huge enclosed porch, pool & clubhouse, $800/rent, 3733 NW 56th Place. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com Los Angeles Times Daily Crossword Puzzle Edited-by Rich Norris and Joyce Nichols Lewis 1 Attention getter 5 Large coves 9 Lover of Daphnis 14 avail 15 In a frenzy 16 Miserable 17 Trent of the Senate 18 Zany Martha 19 Get contentious 20 1921 DeSylva/Silvers classic 23 Deem necessary 24 Ignore the alarm clock 28 Three, in Turin 29 Dinghy or dory 32 They may be significant 33 Searched blindly. 35 "Diana" singer 36 1960 Brok Benton hit 39 Hodgepodge 41 Make beloved 42 Chat for short 45 Broker's advice 46 RN's asset 49 Adjusted the pitch of 51 Bouquet item 53 1967 Beatles song, with A" 56 Shutterbug's setting 59 Bouquet holder 60Italian Renaissance family name 61 Larceny 62 Autum .rtone 63 Qrakefrom Me 84 Metal ptqparers 65 Wateroof covean 66 -Lnein a, I Aftrakmwat§f bouta3 Main course 4 Recurring theme 5 Pub seat 6 Eastern nanny 7 Spool-on-a-string -toy 8 Depicts unfairly 9 Bordeaux wine 10 Violin bow material 11 Carry with. effort 12 Columbus sch. 13 Hurricane center 21 Book, in Barcelona 22 "Xanadu" rock gp. 25 Actor Sean 26 Irritate 27 Code-cracking org. 30 Altar locale 31 Shore birds 33 Wasted time 34 Kind of ranch 36 Huck of fiction 37 Bookstore section you should find without asking? 38 Bery of "Monster's Balr 39 World Series mo. 40 Bud's comic buddy 43 Gets to fit 44 Wall Street order 46 Winding, as a road 47 Didn't remove 48 Like haunted houses 50 Whirl on one foot 52 Ersatz fat brand 54 West Coast wine region 55 Old Russian ruler 56 Fraudmonitoring agcy. 57 aPipe down!" 58 Summer shirt ANSWER TO PREVIOUS PUZZLE: POLAICE PWR TjlE IE G i R M PRE EHIE PILAF PjR -CAGE 4 I!EJI xwordedltoeaol.om 04101/03 4 i~4 ~ 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTMENT BIG & CHEAP! Spacious 2BR Apartment, laundry hookups, dining & Living rooms, $395/rent, 535-C NW 26th Ave. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-11-9-2 LEASE THRU DECEMBER! 1/2 month free! 2BR 1.5BA duplex, walking dist. to UF, CH/AC, vaulted ceilings in living room, 8550/rent, 805 NW 3rd Ave. Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 3729525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-11-9-2 SUBLEASE: 3 HOUSE/AF LUXURY TOWNHOUSE 2BR/2.5BA 2 blocks from campus. Convenient location. Alarm system. $600/mo Unfurnished, W/D, DW, microwave. Call 338-1593. 4-16-31-3 Summer sublease avail in Exchange. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA for May, June & July. $474/mo, includes everything. Call Jessica 407-463-5699. 4-1-20-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA Apt. 2 blks from UF. Available summer A & B. Furnihsed or not. Great location. $515/1OBO. Call Jordan @ 219-0071. 48-20-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE -1BR/1BA apt. Very close to UF. Available May 5 $300/mo. Call 371-3446 4-3-15-3 1BR/1BA Across from UF. FREE to move in NOW! March rent FREE! College Manor 449/mo. Redecorated. Util covered. Call 332-7341, or e-mail giliean-lee@yahoo.com 4-1-10-3 $300 1BR in 2BR/2BA furn, W/D, cable, alarm, close to UF. Negotiable. 305-9051042. ERIKADSB@UFL.EDU 4-2-11-3 Beautiful historic 1BR. NW area, spacious, wood floors, vaulted ceilings, sunroom. 3 blocks from downtown. Avail 5/1-8/30. furn/unfurn, $540/mo. 352-3380675. 4-1-10-3 NS, F for 1BR/1BA in a 3BR/3BA apt. Move in May 1st. $338/mo + 1/3 utils. W/D, pool, clubhouse, gym, bus rt No dogs. 376-6494. 4-1-10-3 ***Summer Sublease*** Walk to Class! 1630 NW 2 Ave 1/1 in 2/2 townhouse. Avail May-Aug Price Neg. Call 335-7533. 4-1-10-3 SCRABBLE" is a trademark of Hasbro in the Media Services, Inc. All nghts reserved. DI I FDDDDDIF ] EliRiJ lul ol1F IilFP31 IN PAR SCORE 140-150 BEST SCORE 212 5 SUBLEASE .HOUSE/APARTH ENT 4 1/1 in a 3/3 apt in The Exchange w/everything included. Avail May 1 thru Aug $500 NEG. Female only. Call Nicole @ 352378-9305 4-2-10-3 MUST SEE! 1BR/BA or 2BR/2BA in CAMPUS LODGE! Utilities Included! Great Pool, Weight Room! $480/mo OBO 3381473 4-9-15-3 SUMMER IN MELROSE Furnished 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA incI utilities, cable, ethernet. Avail May -August. $350/mo Call Amanda @ 381-2998 4-1-9,3 GREAT SUBLEASE! Female needed for May thru Aug! 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA G'ville Place, Tons of amenities & furnished. RENT VERY NEGOTIABLE! Call Sarah 377-5187 4-2-10-3 1 or 2 BR's Avail May -Aug in 3BR/2BA apt. Rent negotiable. Contact Joe 256-4216 4-9-15-3 April rent free! Summer sublease -Arlington Square, downtown, 1 mi from campus, blocks from post office, Iirary, coffee shops & clubs 2BR/2BA townhouse $830/mo 377-4421 4-2-10-3 Summer Sublease -Lexington Crossing 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA. All inclusive -free washer, dryer, utilities, cable, ethernet for only $325/mo. Call Chris 271-1346 4-210-3 Best deal in town. Was 400 now 300H! Take 100 buck off and pay 300 bucks for everything incl DSI Sterling Glades University. Call Mark 305-297-4717. 4-3-103 1 huge BR apt. It's in Cedar Ridge Comm. It has A/C unit, but no W/D or hkups. Must have good credit & be over 18 yrs old. Small pets ok. $275/mo. Doesn't include electric. Unfurn 352-665-0013. 4-17-203 Summer Sublease Across From UF. Looking Glass Apts 2br/2ba, furnished, W/D, alarm, Avail May 352-692-3650. 4-11-163*WALK to SHANDS/UF* Crean, spacious lbr/lba, no-hassle parking, reduced rent. Call 256-8332. 4-4-103 Summer Sublease -1BR avail, at Univ. Commons. $290/mo + utils. Keep sec dpst. Aug. free, Fully furn. Call Kristin at 336-0714. 4-4-10-3 DOWNTOWN! Arlington Square 2BR/2BA May-end July, Moving out May. Chance lease can be extended. W/D, DW, pool. $435/each neg. Georg 376-8039, gessl@ufl.edu 4-23-23-3 US and Canada, 02003 Hasbro. Distributed by Tribune Triple Word Score 1st Letter Double IZ RACK 2 I I RACK 2 RACK 3 RACK 4 FOUR RACK TOTAL TIME LMIT: 20 MIN DIIRECTION1 Make a 2to 7-letter word from the letters in each row. Add pdos o* '-word, usen. scoing detns at rigt Finally, 7-leter words get50-. point bonus "Blk" used as any letter have no point value. All te words ar intftcMW SCRABBLE Pae ionay, 3rd Editin. For'a b ua on ow o~ aft d toumaft sod n d W esholpgago to -Wwdaack~e-erdCRMMSPABAssociab(U) -N3u 0"-1 $900 May-Aug. 692-0074 Je nny. 4-4-10-3_ Avail now to Aug. it is a 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA inhabited by males. Close to campus and downtown. Rent is negotiable, TV in kitchen. Ask for Bill 352-5144952 4-4-10-3 2 BLOCKS TO UF 1BR in 2BR/1BA apt avail May-August. Fully furnished, wood floors. RENT NEGOTIABLE. 1710 NW 2nd Ave. Call 3350508. 4-4-10-3 NEAR SHANDS. Pool view. Big 2BR/2BA apt. Unfurnished. Available immediately. Big porch. $330/ea. Perfect for med student. Call Brent 262-2842 4-4-10-3 EVERYTHING INCLUDED 1BR/1BA CAMPUS CLUB APTS avail for summer. $400. Call Brandon Now 256-7245 4-410-3 A Summer sublease May -July. One room plus bath in 3BR apt. Full kitchen, wash/dry, bus. $365/mo neg. Questions? Call Thomas in the Landings 376-0561 4-4-10-3 Summer sublease 3 rooms, Royal Village apts, furnished, 2 blks 2 campus, poolview, W/D, DSL, cable. $400/month 3671021. karola883@hotmail.com Indv. Subleases Welcome. 4-1-6-3 Summer Sublease -I or 2 BR in 4BR/3BA furn apt. Campus Club. $400/mo includes everything. Aug. Rent paid. Friendly roommates. Call Kelly at 224-6132. 4-1114-3 *** 1BR/1BA in 4BR apt. in Gainesville Place. New phase, 3rd fir. Vaulted ceilings, F. Fully furn. All utls ncl. Avail. May-Aug. $350/mo (valued at $479;mo) Call Joy 352-381-8589. 4-4-10-3 Walk to UF, sorority row area. Avail. Aug 03-Jul 04, 1BR, share BA & kitchen w/ 1 other F. Furnished, util. incl. $450/mo. 219-4993 or cmrgator@ufl.edu 4-7-10-3 ***SUMMER SUBLEASE*** 2BR/1 BA apt walk to UF, Grog. I pay $345 but will NEGOTIATE. Pets ok, friendly neighbors 335-9287. 4-7-10-3 Female to sublease lbr/lba in 3br/3ba in Oxford Manor. $335/mo + 1/3 utilities. Pool, gym, on bus route to UF. Call 3769672. Leave message. 4-1-5-3 Summer SubleaseMay-July w/option to renew. 3BR/3BA at Tivoli. $333/mo. Call Chrissy @ 371-5926. 4-1-5-3 1BR in a 2BR/2BA. W/D, furn. avail if needed. Avail May 2003 across from stadium in Looking Glass Apts. $417.50/mo Neg. Brooks or Cindy 379-0516 or 2467201. 4-8-10-3 Summer SubleaseRoom in house. 1 mile from campus. $300/mo. Everything included. Heather 514-8529. 4-2-6-3 *WALK TO UF/Swamp/Gator City* 2BRI/BA REDUCED RENT $600 + util OBO in College Park. 1716 NW 3rd Ave. Avail May-Aug w/option to renew. Clean, spacious, large kitchen, cable & phone in all rooms, strong AC, laundry in complW-, no-hassle parking NO DEPOSIT. (l3l anytime 246-6665 4-1-5-3 Summer RentCampus Club. Poolside. Private bath4BR/3BA. $400/mo. Furn Everything incl. Call Jon at 352-224-6816 or 954-257-2522. 4-8-10-3 Adorable summer sublease! 1BR in a 4BR house behind Swamp; $378/mo.; avail. May-end July; Call Kate 219-8785. 4-15-3 CHEAP! CHEAP! CHEAP! $200/per month 3BR/2BA for summer; footstepato campus call 262-8543, 246-5000 or 5143700 muet $11., .1-5-3 ****Summer Sublease-May*** w/op to renew in-Fall. I large BRin 3BR/2BA apt. w/great roommates on 20th Ave. Good bus. route. $275 + 1/3 utils. Call 337-9952 for more info. 4-8-10-3 1BR/'18A.AVAIL Ik HUGE 38R12'.58A HOVSE. Leoass for 9 mo (AUG-MAY) or 12 mo (MAY.-AY). Room rcos w/garage spot. Full amenities, pool table!! hockey33*ufL.edu or 352-246-8315. 4Designatet itrvers-r. the greatest. Glassijfds a a Stumped? Call 1-900-226-4413. 99 cents a minute 

PAGE 22

I A AT T O'SA t&m m '-* 2,, L -IGAJ ,WI. .Tun, I A3TrILTT,r2--3 22 ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, APRIL 1, 2003 2 FOR RENTUNFURNISHED 2 Summer Sublease! Unfurnished 1/1 in 3/3 @ Museum Walk. 400/mo plus 1/3 phone + cable. Available from June to August. Call Lisa @ 376-5378. 4-1-5-3 SUBLEASE UNIVERSITY CLUB APTS. Females for 2BR/2BA in a 4BR/4BA apt. $260/mo each. Call Lizzy 0 692-5506. 4-1-5-3 ***Looking Glass Sublease*** Deluxe 2BD/2BA in superb condition. Avail ASAP. Fully equipped kitchen. Across from Library West. $860/rent for whole apt. 682-6464 or sinew@ufl.edu 41-5-3 Summer SubleaseOakbrook Walk 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA furnished with all utilities incl! Walk to campus. Only $515/mo. August rent paid! Avail MayAug. Female N/S. Stephanie @'379-1352. 4-1-5-3 ***3 BLOCKS FROM CAMPUS*** 1BR in 2BR/2BA apt, W/D, cable, internet, big TV, big kitchen, pool, fenced yard. $350/mo + 1/2 utils. 352-870-4158 www.lancelot.cc/apartment.html 4-8-103 2/1, 2 blocks for campus. Wood floors, very nice. Sublease available now until July 31st. Reduced rent @ $500/mo. Keep sec deposit of $585! Contact Jenny at 692-0074. 4-15-15-3 Sublease lbd/lba in 3bd/3ba. University Place $463/mon inc all but phone, wash/dry, inc HBO, DSL, fully furn, will pay $150 of May rent avail May 7-Aug 8. 395-7483. 4-1-5-3 Stoneridge 2/2 keep $600 sec dep Avail Summer For Fall 2003. Must See to believe. Clean, decorated, lakeview, pool, pd. pet deposit, carpet $656/mo 2130419; 376-7159. 4-1-5-3 LOOKING GLASS APTS Best location behind Papa Johns on Univ. Ave 2BR/1 BA, $695.mth, very negotiable. Hurry, won't last. Call Jeanne 246-5866 4-4-7-3 KENSINGTON 1 or 2BR avail in 2BR/2BA townhouse, free tanning, ethernet w/equip, comp lab, gym, W/D, Must sublease for May -Aug. $770/mo RENT NEG 3.72-8477 4-3-6-3 $569/mo 2BR/1BA Close to UF. Homestead Apt. Alarm, clean, quiet, upstairs. Available now. Call 352-262-8402 4-232n-3 MUST SEE! 1F wanted for 4BR/4BA at The Exchange. Available May 1st. Great location, fully furn, RENT NEG. Call 3361215 4-9-10-3 PERFECT FOR SUMMER SUBLEASE!I! Campus Lodge, 1BR/1BA in a 2BR/2BA. Furnished, all inclusive, clean, nice! $599/mo. Call Cat (352) 514-1237 4-9-10-3 Lg 1BR/1BA apt. near UF and SFCC for sublease. $389/month, some util inc. Keep my sec dep. Move in ASAP. Call 352-238-0954 iv msg if no answer. 4-1615-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA house 5 min from Uf.& 2 min from dntn. $250/mo + 1/3 utils. Pets ok. Cent A/H, W/D. Call 284-3175 4-4-7-3 1BR/1BA in 3BR/2BA 0 Royal Village. Apt fully turn, W/D, cable & ethernet. $350/mo NEG. From May -Aug. Call 8710541 or email: qlian@ufl.edu 4-9-10-3 Special aism 2S FREE FOR RENT -UNFURNISHED SUMMER SUBLEASE Avail anytime -Aug. 1/1 for F in 3/3. New phase Stoneridge $333 + 1/3 utils. More info, call Samantha 336-9609 4-4-7-3 GAINESVILLE PLACE 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA apt. Living/dining/kitchen. Full amenities. Available May thru Aug 10th. $470/mo. Call 352-3813506 or 954-593-7448 4-9-10-3 2BR/2BA sublease in Greenwich Green. Unfurn.. Avail May to July 31 $750/mo NEG. FREE water & cable. Opt to renew. Call 219-8917 4-2-5-3 Quiet! Clean! 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA house in NW. Wood floors, share with 2 female roommates. W/D, fireplace, $275/mo 256-5311. Available now; March rent paid. 4-2-5-3 1BR/BA in Campus Lodge. Utilities included, furnis-hed! Huge pool, weight room. Avail May thru August. $480/mo OBO Call Amanda 379-3937 4-9-10-3 1BR/1BA @ CAMPUS LODGE furnished, spacious, ethernet, cable, 2 bus stops, pool, gym, utils, May, June, July, August, will negotiate price, Call Jon 336-7782 4-9-10-3 LIVE LIKE ROYALTY 2 blks from'campus May -August. 1BR/1BA for 1 or 2 divas. POOL, workout rm, W/D, cable, elec, furn $595/mo 904-982-1007 4-16-15-3 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2BA next to UF Law School May -August. Large room & closet $300 plus half utilities. Must go! Call Angelo 954-830-0856 4-9-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR/1BA studio house 3 blks from campus. Avail all summer. $515/mo includes digital cable/HBO, cable internet. Jessica 246-8876 4-9-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE2 rooms in Pebble Creek AptsAvail Summer A or take over lease & stay all summer + next year $323/mo DW, W/D, pool, fitness center. Call Julie @ 213-4044. 4-3-5-3 Cheap rent, great location. Large BR avail in 5BR/2BA house across from O'Connell Center. $265/mo + utils. DSL. Call John 904-534-1303. 4-3-5-3 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA furn apt in Lexington. Utils, cable, ethernet, maid svc incl. W/D. $465/mo VERY NEGOTIABLE! Avail May thru Aug 9th. Call Caitlin @ 271-1400 MUST GO! 4-3-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE avail in G'ville's nicest & newest complex THE EXCHANGE! Furn/unfurn luxury amenities & close to campus. 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA for May, June, July & Aug rent incl everything. Price neg. Call Kyle @ 281-1777. 4-7-7-3 2BR/1BA apt available in May 1.5 miles from campus $275 per month 1st month free! Call 374-2832 or emali itsjustme02@hotmail.com 4-3-5-3 Large 1BR/1BA in Country Gardenswalk to Shands & UF. Call 215-4948. 4-3-5-3 GAINESVILLE PLACE! Summer Sublease, 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA. Brand new, fully furnished, incl all utilties, W/D, and ethernet. $300/mo. Call 371-0523. 4-2-3SWEET TOWNHOUSE!!! 3BR/3BA, luxury plus. Window seat, huge closets, W/D in unit, vaulted ceilings. Free tanning & gym. May-Aug. Call 378-7672. 4-3-5-3 the and Nursing -PJns th each .%ring w. ., -.2 FOR RENTUNFURNISHED REDUCED RENT keep my 575 dep lease ends Aug.*-Large luxury studio avail now. W/D, microwave, alarm, walk in closet. Across from Library West. Looking Glass Apt. 373-7215. Rent $500 negotiable. 44-6-3 1BR in 2BD, 2.5BA townhouse, $350 fully furn, tv, desk, bed 1/2 cable/util, bus route. Victoria Station (813)546-6055, avail immed. 4-3-5-3 GREAT DEAL Lexington Crossing. 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA. $400/mo, neg. August FREE! Furnished, cable, util, ethernet, maid service, incl. Call Kunwar 271-1410. 4-3-5-3 CHEAP SUMMER SUBLEASE 1BR in large fully furn. 4BR house. 2 blocks from Law School. Reduced rent $290/mo. Ryan 284-1375. Sorry no pets. 4-10-10-3 Save $100 a month for 1/1 in spacious 3/2 apartment $200 a month includes water and cable. Split util with one other roommate. Call Annie at 377-6610. 4-35-3 1BR in 4BR HUGE HOUSE. Available for summer -May thru July. Backyard, W/D, DW, cent AC/H. $330/mo. Call 367-3803 or 321-795-8281 4-11-10-3 Female for 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA Tivoli Apts for Summer A. Fully furn, W/D, bike/bus to campus. $345 + 1/3 utils/mo. E-mail Allison @ gattralli@ufl.edu or call Glenn (her father) @ (800) 800-3585 ext 222 4-4-5-3 2BR/1BA apt 2 blocks E of UF for sublease May 10 w/option to renew in Aug. $500/mo & $500 deposit. May rent $250. No pets. Please call Marie 262-6595 411-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE! Looking for someone to share a 3/2 nice house in 3008 W Univ. Ave. Very nice roommates. $280. + 1/3 utilities. Call Mauricio 352-219-2663. 4-7-5-3 KEEP DEPOSIT. 2BR/2BA 1,000 sq.ft. townhouse 3 mi from UF w/ alarm, DW and W/D hkups. On bus route..Avail now thru June 31. $700/OBO. Call 954-5574928. 4-7-5-3 Best apt. in town!!! Avail 6/1 walk to class. Lg 1BR/1BA wood floors, fireplace, Ig yard, private pkg. Call 378-1387 -Ask about apt. 1336-W. 4-7-5-3 Room available fully furn, queen waterbed, walk in closet, Large house w/ patio, pool table, by Mellow Mushroom. $360/mo lease negotiable. Avail for summer only. Call Vilhelm 352-281-7911. 47-5-3 Are you a male or female between the ages of 18 and 64? SIf female, have you been postmenopausal or surgically sterile for at least 1 year? Were you diagnosed with, Hepatitis C at least 6 months ago? (Documentation must be provided) If SO, we would like to invite you to participate in a clinical research trial of an investigational drug being tested for future usein Hepatitis C. You must not have received treatment for Hepatitis C 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTMENT Summer Sublease w/Renewal Option 1BR in a 4BR/4BA 0 Univ. Club. Fully furn, tiled living, utility package, large screen TV, alarm, ethernet, fitness & pool amenities. Pay only June & July rent. Call Jason 0 335-9629 4-4-5-3 1BR/1BA at Royal Village. Fully furn with cable & ethernet. Walk to campus. $350/mo OBO. Call 374-8619 4-4-5-3 Summer @ The Exchange $325/mo OBO EVERYTHING INCLUDED/FURN. Call Jeremy 214-7397, 4-4-5-3 ***BEST OFFER*** Summer Sublease in The Exchange, 1BR/1BA, furnished. Utilities & cable included. Call 377-1890 4-4-5-3 F for 1/1 of Ig 3/3 poolside 0 The Exchange. All util incl. $514/mo for summer (May-Aug) or next yr (Aug '03 -Aug '04) or both! Other 2 bedrooms prob. empty for summer, so u live alone! Call Summer @ 870-6988. 4-8-6-3 1, 2 or 3 BR/BA avail in 4BR/4BA apt. @ University Terrace. Gainesville. Avail May thru Aug. w/ option to renew in fall. Rent $270 obo. Call & leave message @ 3795604. 4-7-5-3 Live cheap at The Exchange! Avail. May-July. 1BR in a 4BR/4BA. Extra clean & only $400/mo. All utls. incl. Call John @ 352-284-1256. 4-4-4-3 STONERIDGE APTS Summer sublease 3BR/3BA. 1BR available 4/1. 2 avail 5/1. $338/mo/room NEGOTIABLE. 2 yrs old. Walk in closet, pool, gym. Very clean & nice 352-219-4403. 4-7-5-3 3 blocks from campus 1BR 1BA apt w/ walk-in-closet, kitchenette, great location, spacious BR $350/mo call 335-7416 move in immediately! No deposit.. 4-7-5-3 LIVE AT THE EXCHANGE 1BR/BA available in 3BR/BA for May, June and July. Rent reduced from $530 to $399!! AMAZING OFFER call Zack 0 (305)205-5098. 4-14-10-3 4 ROOMMATES Designated drivers are worth their weight in-gold. This study requires one screening visit, an 18-day, 17-night inpatient stay, and 5 outpatient visits-over 18 weeks at our Phase I Unit at 2401 SW Archer Rd., Gainesville, FL. You may receive up to $3325.00 for completing the study. Food and lodging will be provided to you during your overnight stays. For more iftf ton call: Gainesville (3)o265-0763 or 'To!lrFree (888) 635-0763 Drug and Alohol Testing phase I.ir,.tor_ i r Thomsn will I done. T r Study (wrm atr A Ma Qualified Participants will receive: Subject Recruitrs: Ju*-eAei .-!U Physical Exams Chrltlrna W -d m Labo ory ...... 0 ECG's UNIVERSITY OF Cener or c 3 SUBLEASE HOUSE/APARTHENT Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-23-72-4 Unfurn rm in unfurn apt avail. Washer & dryer, UF 1 block-I room avail in 2BR/1BA. $400/mo including everything. Dennis 352-262-0051 1st mo+ $400/dep. 1143 SW 9th Ave. Can be seen @ your convenience. 6 blks to Shands & AGH 5-15-72-4 Looking for female student 21-25 without pets. Pay 1/3 rent, utilties, phone and. cable in attractive 3 bedroom 2 bath house in historic Duck Pond at 639 NE 6th St. Call 384-1273. 4-23-64-4 $365 only per mo. Completely private BR & BA. Very well maintained unit. Laundry room facilities..Includes all util. DSL avail;ability, 10 min from UF. 954-830-8468. www.revictory@aol.com 4-23-57-4 ** 4 BLOCKS TO UF ** Bedrooms in huge 5BR/4BA house. 3700 sq.ft., pool, wood floors, W/D. $430/mo + utils, $520/mo + util for suite. Corey 904234-5214. Available Aug 1st. 4-7-15-4 Christian man has room for rent in new NW Gville house. $330/mo. Free utils & cable, TV, laundry & pool. On bus rt. Now available. 335-3896. 4-1-10-4 M/F needed to share furnished 2BR/1.5BA townhouse with NS M grad. 999 SW 16th Ave. $270/m+ 1/2 util. Call (352) 281-5140 Vladimir. -4-4-13-4 Female non-smoking student. Rockwood Villas. 3BR/3BA. UF bus route. W/D cable internet. $375/mo + 1/3 utils. 904-2873705 or tperkin12@yahoo.com 4-1-10-4 ROOMMATE WANTED Behind Swamp, 7 blocks to walk or bike to UF. Large house. 1 bdrm $350. Available now. Call 3730825 or 373-6497. 4-8-15-4 1BR/IBA avail in 3BR/3BA townhouse in Rockwood Villas. House fully furnished W/D, rent $325 + 1/3 util. Call 352-2149591. 4-1-10-4 ROOMMATE WANTED for summer &/or fall lease. Completely furn 4BR/4BA. $400/mo incl everything from utils to wireless ethernet. Call Brya 371-5729 or* email brya007@aol.com 4-23-6-4 Regency Oaks: success oriented, nonsmoker female wanted for May 1. 2BR/2BA, great location $330/mo, no sec dep, many amenities. Call Maureen 3791634 4-18-22-4 Roommates wanted 0 University Terrace. 2 convenient locations to UF:" $365/mo per/ room. 4BD/4BA. Individual leases, some in utilites incl. Union Properties, Inc. 373-7578. www.rentgainesville.com 4-23-79-4 2 roommates wanted in 5BR/3BA house $400-450/mo incl utils, hdwd firs, W/D; nice yard. 5 blks N. Of campus. Call CQrmack @ 336-4552 5-13-30-4 WIM 

PAGE 23

crr wi~-' --~ -...-i-'~* -~ ROOHATES 4 BIKE TO UF. New 4BR home to share with female NS students. W/D,-cable, garage. Fall lease accepted now. $450 941737-4454 4-16-20-4 Room available now in beautiful 3BR/2BA NW 64th St home. W/D, pool, patio, DSL, on bus route, quiet neighborhood. Prefer mature grad student/professional, NS. No pets. $350/mo + 1/4 util. 377-3409 4-915-4 2 l r m s -e a l w p v T I N R 4 1 4 4 u "Y condo. Clean, serious students. I rm avail immed $415/mo; other avail 8/1 $420/mo. Wireless hi-sp internet, no pets, non-smoking. Call 692-1143. 4-3-10-4 I or 2 BIG rms w/ baths in 3/3 Rockwood Villas 1/2 mo. FREE, limited time. Furn living area; BR furn 0SL avail. $365/mo + util & cable. Has W/D, big screen TV, BBO. 514-3880/384-3880. 4-11-15-4 Modern house in Country setting! Mature female to share 3BR/2BA house near Micariopy. Large fenced yard, covered parking, easy commuter Very peaceful & secure! $395/mo 338-7670. 4-7-10-4 HOUSE CLOSE TO CAMPUS $350/mo incl utilties. Grads preferred. Call 378-2657. 4-1-5-4 SHARE HISTORIC HOUSE CLOSE TO CAMPUS Large 1BR in 2BR/1BA house. Wood floors, screened porch, extra room for storage. Avail May $300/mo. 315 NW 10th St. Call 377-8485. 4-3-7-4 Need female non-smoking roommate for 2BR/2BA in Windmeadows. $370/mo + utils Prefer grad/prof or serious undergrad. Very clean. Call Kelly 380-0579 kellyh800 ufl.edu 4-9-10-4 Share 2BR/2.5BA furn townhouse Now thru mid-Aug. Pets welcome, 2mi from UF. $450/OBO incl all utils & internet. Call 386-734-3080 Vickie 4-9-10-4 3BR/2.5BA condo near Oaks Mall. Lg closet & balcony, pool &.laundry facilities $250 + 1/3 util. Roger 333-7724 or 5143756 or mail isoroommate 103 @aol.com 4-2-5-4 Roommate wanted for 1BR/1BA in a 3BR/3BA in Rockwood Villas. UF bus route, W/D, cable internet, furn, $300/mo + 1/3 utils. Call Chris 0 395-6319 4-2-54 F roommate wanted for 1BR/1BA in A 2BR/2BA apartment in Rockwood Villas. UF bus route, W/D, Cable internet $300/mo + 1/2 utils. Call Kim 0 379-8890 4-2-5-4 Looking for a mature student to share a clean large house. Incl private bath, WID, study office, garage, fenced yard, utilities. All in a safe neighborhood. $450 + long dist. ph. 331-4281. 4-2319-4 Room w/BA NW 83rd Ave. Across street from main campus SFCC. No yearly contracts, just monthly leases. Rm comes w/ full size bed, study table & TV incl cable. Only $350/mo. Utils incl. 352-256-5529 4-2-3-4 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA Lexington Crossing. Furn $450/mo with Aug free. Includes maid, utils, phone, cable & 5 HBOs. Avail April 25 -Aug 9. Call Alicia 271-1479 4-11-10-4 2 male roommates for neat University Terrace 4BR/4BA condo. Full kitchen, LR/DR, W/D, cable, internet, utils incl. $365/mo. 2 rooms avail. 352-335-6134 or 865-671-8957 4-4-5-4 Designated drivers are the greatest. GIRLS AND SPORTS_ 1 PATE INTRLEAE PLAY IN BASEALL.IT GOES)AGINST FUNDAM ENTAL TLRDI0ON ROOIIATES Female roommate wanted located behind Norman. 1BR/1BA in 3BR/2BA house. Wood floors, fireplace,. newkitchen. Starting in May. Call Julie 305-393-1242. 4-4-4-4, WALK to UF! Large furnished room available in vintage 3/2 only 1.5 blocks from campus, cent AC/HT, W/D, large front porch $295/m + 1/4 util. Parking! 3679128, 375-1474. 4-3-3-4 ;-r%"J0A ) etjj~hw tnp r fiajkrA 1i r sq.ft. fenced yard. Animals welcome. $350/mo + 1/2 utils. 1st & last. NO DEPOSIT. Call 352-222-6889 Kim. 4-3-3-4 ROOMMATE WANTED! To share a nice, clean 2BR/2BA apt w/ quiet roommate. $312 incl water. Oak Forest Apts -6 min to campus -13 bus. Avail now -Aug 3769612, Lekos78@hotmailcom 4-14-10-4 1BR/1BA in beautiful 3BR/3BA townhouse in The Gables. Available May. -Common area furnished. W/D, DW, Clean & nice. Respectful roommates. PRICE NEGOTIABLE 372-1738. 4-15-11-4 Beautiful Home in trees on quiet street near UF. Fun people. Gourmet kitchen, warm Fireplace, DSL, Cable, W/D, cent A/C. Comfortable. $340 or $365 + util. 352-271-8711. 4-7-5-4 5 REAL ESTATE Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATORCLASSIFIEDS! Reach over 24,000 possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone. Please Call 373-Find Quadraplex, Triplex, or Duplex with Private Parking. 60 Seconds to UF. Excellent Condition. Quad -$440,000. Triplex -$395,000. Duplex -$295,000. 352-5382181 Iv. mssg. 4-23-72-5 PERFECT FOR RESIDENT OR GRAD STUDENT. 2BR/28A House w/ garage. Quiet area in Halle Plantation. Maintenance-free lot. Won't last long-@ $127,000 5131 SW 94th St. Indigo Square. 331-1022. 4-23-22-5 3/2 MOBILE HOME 1990 Excellent condition. 14x72. Cent AC/heat. Roofed & screened patio, vinyl siding, W/D hk up, separate storage shed. $12500. Call 3778840 4-11-10-5 FOR SALE BY OWNER: 2 NICE CONDOS 1BR/1BA loft in Sparrow $34500 2BR/2BA w/yard in Greenleaf $74500 Call 379-0619 5-2-24-5 HOUSEHOLD ITEMS, 6 FURNITURE Beds@Full mattress & boxspring sets $490 Qn sets $89 0 Single sets $39 0 King sets $99/ 0 from estate sale. Safe pine bunk bed $109. 376-0939/378-0497. Call a mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave. 4-2372-6 Bedding close-outsOAll wrapped in plasticOtwin sets $79@fuil sets $t1900n sets $139@King sets $19Ostudent discounts apply*4370 SW 20th Ave. 376-0953, we deliver. 4-23-72-6 FUTONS, BEDS & FURNITURE LOW PRICES & LARGE SELECTION. Dumas Discount -371-4422. 1201 E. Univ. Av. New Used Buy Sell. 4-23-72-6 I ] I I II I BY JUSTIN BORUS AND ANDREW FEINSTEIN BRADLEY, ITUSED BUT WHEN THAT YOU'LL NEVER TO BE "RAWENTAL TRADITION BEUNDERSTAND TRADITIONW TO CAtCEIPRII TICAL B I? SACRIFICE ANIMALS BE O WISHED ALL TO NARY OF iTOO'0 6 FURNITUREHOUSEHOLD BED-Queen, orthopedic, firm, extra-thick pillow-top, matress &-b6x Name brand, new, still in plastic. Sacrifice $160. call 352-372-7490 will deliver 4-23-72-6 BED -FULL SIZE ORTHOPEDIC Pillow top mattress &box. New, unused, still in plastic w/ warranty. Can deliver. Sacrifice $140. Call 352-377-9846. 4-2372-6 BED -King Pillowtop mattress.-& box new, never used, in plastic with warranty. Sell $230. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-23-72-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED, solid with .Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed,Cost $1500, sacrifice $550 352-2715119. 4-23-72-6 BEDROOM SET. 7-pc Cherry. Queen/king bed, dresser w/ mirror, 2 nightstands, chest avail. Dovetail cost. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500 must sell, sacrifice $1400 (352) 372-7490 4-23-72-6 SOFA, LOVESEAT & CHAIR. 100% Italian leather. Still new in boxes w/ warranty. Cost $5,000. Sacrifice $1,700. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-23-726 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver. 352-3728588 4-23-72-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/mattress. Brand new, all unused in box. Sell $199 can deliver. 352-377-9846. 423-72-6 BEDS FUTONS FURNITURE All new, great quality, low $$ 20 yrs in town Main Street Beds 1947 N Main St 244-5011 M-Sat. 6-12-36-6 7 COMPUTERS DO YOU HAVE A LAPTOP? NEED A BATTERY?* www.BatteryCountry.com We specalize in hard to find batteries! 4-23-49-7 ,+l nouter eI& 4-23-20-7 Computer HELP! A+ Computer Geek $10 Gator Disc. House Calls, Repairs, Upgrades, Networks, Tutoring, Wireless prog, Cert MCSE 333-8404 www.acomputergeek.com free: (866) 352-4335 423-20-7 Dell dimension 450Os P4 29hz, 256ram, XP, 15 screen, DVD/CD rom, CD burner, 2D graphics, 10/100 PCL, fast ethernet, 4VSB ports, Lexmark 83 scanner, copy printer, for $690 OBO 281-7565. 4-3-5-7 For your cable and DSL hookups and any computer needs. Call C & S Computer at 352-339-1458 leave a message. 4-2517-7 MOPEDS SCOOTERS*SCOOTERSOSCOOTERS Quality scooters as low as $1099. Derbi, MZ, Hyosung, Kasea, Adly, Sinski. Choose from 10 models. 518 SE 2nd St. 377-6974 RPMmotorcycles.com 4-23-72-11 1999 APRILIA SCARABEO 50 cc Excellent condition, low miles, runs great. Graduated and need to sell. $1550/OBO 262-0173. 4-2-40-11 GRAND OPENING SOLANO CYCLE Mopeds from $750 Scooters from $1099. Large selection from Kymco, Malaguti, many others. Financing avail. 3250 SW 34th St 338-8450 www.solanocyce.com 4-23-30-11 2000 HONDA BLACKBIRD CBR. 1137 XX runs perfect 14800 miles. $5500 OBO Must sell excellent condition 352-4683962 213-1081 cell voice 352-475-5300: 1995 Honda CBR 900. Electric yellow, purple, white colors. $4500. Cosmetics perfect, engine perfect. Garage kept. Contact Mike 0 246-7433. 4-3-5-11 *** ***** ***** ****** 2001 SUZUKI SV 650.Excellent Condition, 4000 mile $4500. 2 helmets & ridl7 jcket inctude4. Cal Doug 256-3219. 4-7-S-11 STEREOS, 8 ELECTRONICS DISCOUNT HI-FI 722 S. Main 0 The Red Bldg WE ARE CHEAPER 4-23-72-8 GATOR CAR ALARMS Take a bite out of crime $99.95 Installed FREE. Gainesville's oldest car -,ha speciaiy 5ore-. 7-37b4 Audio Outlet. 4-23-72-8 9 BICYCLES In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized har,Jlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds. NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE Many to choose from *Best Prices in Town* SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W University Ave 4-23-66-9 10 FOR SALE PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve now! Reasonable rates. 352-538-2181. Can leave mssg. 4-23-72-10 PARTY SUPPLIES: Complete line of Bar Supplies, glassware, beer taps, draft beer equipment, Professional Cooking Utensils. R.W. Beaty Co. 4322 NW 13th St. Gville rwbeaty.com 376-5939 4-23-7210 Tires: Lo Pro 17 inch 65 brand new tires 1-352-494-6773. 4-411-10 *AMAZING GLO IN THE DARK* GATOR TEE SHIRT 2 minute charge lasts all night! Intro offer $12.95 Free Shipping www.fireglo.net 4-8-10-10 Fairly NEW set of Dunlop Golf Clubs w/ Calloway Bag & headcovers. Also PS2 New w/ Game & controllers. Sell both for $500/OBO. Call 278-3029 ask for Dana. Leave Msge. 4-3-3-10 MOTORCYCLES, Bring your W-2 & drive home "oday. We finance anyone. Lowest down in town. 338-1999. 68-12 4-23SUNCITY AUTO Cash vehicles available as low as $500. More than 200 in stock 338-1999. 4-2368-12 SUNCITY AUTO Any vehicle financed comes w/ a 30 day warranty on engine & trans. 338-1999. 4-23-68-12 BEST CARSOLOWEST PRICES www.39thaveimports.com 4-21-60-12 85 PORSHE 944 in excellent condition. Only 88,000 miles! Bargain 0 $5,500. Call 472-6016, after 5pm. 4-1-8-12 www.autogainesville.com FIND ALL YOUR AUTO NEEDS 4-23-41-12 1981 Mercedes 240 D 4dr Air/heat radioltape engine in great cond.-Low miles Only two owners manual all white tan int. Call 339-3647 for more info $3500. 4-15-12 www.SwampMotors.com GNV's #1 SITE FOR BUYING & SELLING CARS 4-14-18-12 91 Jetta EXTRA CLEAN AC, Sunroof, $1600/OBO Call: (35.2) 331-9802. 4-1-5-12 1994 S10 BLAZER.4 door, PW, PL, leather, black/black A/C, 4 new tires, 2 WD, automatic, $3500/OB0 Call494-4611 4-9-10-12 1995 NISIN SENTRA 4 door, automatic, 131k miles, A/C, PW, PL, cas"ete/radio. Excellent condtlil $490OA0 At 494-411 4--112 : 1999 HYOSUNG SCOOTER Rs reat, g.d condition. 4a5 2 .terwpp. 94 ,-2 17 4,7-5-1 ..4,-.1 ALSOJO LOADV M mTm AN OIt &RAT AND GUY UV)OHN ..ES ATWWWALtGA?014'IG/COMCSFAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CARO *Running or not!* *NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS, OCall Don 0 376-9317 4-23-72-12 CARS-CARS Buy 0 Sell 0 Trade Clean BMW, Volyo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTOSALEM 373-T1504-23-72-12 DON'T BUY A LEMONComplete on-site inspections by certified master mechanic. Hate to shop? Let us shop for you! CAR SEARCH 375-5924. www.mycarsearth.net 4-23-72-12 CARS. FROM $500 Police impounds & tax repos. For current listings. Call (800)319-3323 ext. 4622. 423-72-12 **FAST CASH PAID ** For Cars, Trucks or Scooters Running or Not Call Ray 352-284-8619 4-23-72-12 **HEADLINERS SAGGING** *POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK* ON SITE AVAILABLE Call Steve 338-5142. 4-23-72-12 OVER 30 IMPORTS UNDER $6000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW. BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 4-23-72-12 FAST CASH I buy cars and trucks RUNNING OR NOT also sell nice running cars Call Raul 316-2080 4-23-72-12 SUNCITY AUTO 338999 File your W-2 here & drive home today. 4-23-88-12 11 ki -, 

PAGE 24

24r-AL+IGATOR,TUESDAW ,-APRIL 2 AUTOS 14 HELP WANTED 14 HELP WANTED 14 HELP WANTED 14 HELP WANTED 1990 ACURA LEGEND 4 door, automatic, 129k miles, all power, sun roof, A/C. Runs good. $3500/OBO Call 494-4611 4-9-10-12 1992 HONDA ACCORD LX 2 door, automatic, 104k miles, PW, PL, A/C, AM/FM/cassette, 4 new tires, Excellent condition $3500/OBO Call 494-4611 4-9-10-12 **GATORMAX iNC.** Wholesale & Retail Used Cars Buy/Sell Best deals in town! 494-4611 4-23-20-12 MAZDA 1991 PROTEGE 5 speed, good condition, 105k Call 352281-0252 Salem 4-1-4-12 NISSAN SENTRA 1988 4 speed, A/C, stereo. Runs great. Excellent gas mileage, very clean, low miles. $975 Call 378-5770 4-1-4-12 Why Buy Used? Daewoo 2002 Leganza (new) $8900 2002 Nubira (New) $7900 2002 Lanos (New) $6900 USED 2001 Leganza SE $6900 2001 Nubira CDX $6500. 2001 Lanos SE 5950 2000 Nubira CDX $5900 2000 Lanos SE $4950 2000 Volvo S80 $22500 2000 Acura 3.5RL $26900 2000 Saturn Wagon $9980 1999 Pont Sunbird $6950 1998 Ford Taurus $5950 Short Term Lease or Rental Our Specialty Bush/Strawn Daewoo 378-3997 4-2-5-12 CARS FROM $500 Upcoming seizure/surplus sale. For current listings 1-800-583-1777 ext 1030. 423-19-12 96 HONDA CIVIC LX AM6matic. A/C, CD, 89k miles, great condition. $5995. Call 373-8815 or 281-6155 4-4-5-12 1999 HONDA CIVIC EX 4 door, CD, auto, 1 owner, new tires, 48k miles, $9200. Call 281-3612 4-4-5-12 2001 TOYOTA COROLLA LE Blue, auto, AC, loaded, 60k warranty, 28k mls, excellent. $8,700 494-0013. 4-9-712 97 FORD EXPLORER LTD 77k; green ext, tan leather int; V6, 2WD, ABS, AM/FM/cass/CD; keyless entry; pwr seat, steer, wdws,lcks; $10, 500/OBO 352-3769194. 4-7-5-12 13 WANTED LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: GOLD, DIAMONDS, GEMS, CLASS RINGS, ETC T9P CASH $ OR TRADE. OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY. 373-9243. 4-23-72-13 BASEBALL CARDS Wanted to Buy. Brad 374-7052 4-3-30-13 WANTED TOYOTA CAMRY 1997 or close to it for 1.5 hr stationary engineering study ASAP. $25 Call 375-8710 lv mssg. 4-7-513 Looking for African American and Caucasil female to pose nude for student experimental film. (Not pornographic). Please call for more information 352-3818011. 4-4-4-13 14 HEPWANTlED This neWSpaperasms no im eponsibil17for Ijr or ions arsg from Contacts No jobs available but we are paying cash for used CD's and DVDs. Giant inventory of hard to find CD's. VHS tapes $5, and less. HEAR AGAIN CD's 818 W. University. 4-23-72-14 PROGRAMMERS WANTED Windows/Linux/Graphics www.hyper.com 4-23-72-14 Middle-aged millionaire needs business partners for rapidly expanding business. Serious only PT & FT 800-323-1588 423-72-14 Interested in Modeling? Visit http://www.danncaps.com/modelx.asp for info on this exciting opportunity. 4-967-14 **GATOR MOVING** P/T, F/T, flex hrs. Good pay, tips advancement. Apply 505 NW 53 Ave B/T Main NW 13 St. Bring friend to work with. 4-23-72-14 LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Shop helper3pm-7pm Mon -Fri 9-3 Sat Hiring for Summer Semester. Dependable, clean driving record, personal references. Close to UF. 2205 SW 13 St. 4-23-72-14 We Need You TODAY! Earn $60 This Week! For 2 Lifesaving Plasma Donations Bring this ad for an EXTRA $5.00 on your 1st Donation! WALK-INS WELCOME! OPEN 7 DAYS THERAPEUTIC C PORTION 150 NW 6th Street 352-378-9204 4-23-58-14 WORK NOW Time Customer Service, Inc. An AOL Time Warner Company TAKING APPLICATIONS Mon-Fri 9AM-4PM TELEPHONE SERVICE ASSOCIATES PART-TIME POSITIONS We have PT Shift Positions Available. We Offer A Base Wage of $7.00/Hour With Earning Potential Up to An Average Of $9.50/Hr. And More!! Bi-Weekly Performance Bonus, Annual Company Bonus, Paid Training, Free AOL, Free Magazines, and Excellent Growth Opportunities. 2-Wks. Paid Training Minimum of 4 nights/week 5:00-10:30P.M. plus mandatory Sat. 9:00 A.M.-3:00 P.M. OR Monday to Friday 9:00 A.M.3:00 P.M. Time Customer Service, Inc. 4110 SW 34 Street, Suite 20 Gainesville, FL 32608 EEO/AA 4-23-72-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard working person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. Will train, pt to start w/ more hrs possibly avail. Start at $5.50/hr. Flex hrs. Please call 495-9024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-23-7214 DOMINO'S PIZZA World's largest pizza delivery company now hiring delivery drivers $9-i14/hr All you need is a reliable car & a very positive attitude. Apply 0 3311 W. Univ. Ave. 4-23-72-14 HIRING ALL POSITIONS ALL SHIFTS PT/FT Kitchen 'help .g deliverydrivers. Please call California Chicken. Grill $762442 4-23-72-14 BARTENDERS POSITIONS 23-72-14 -.. $250 a day potential/bartending. Training provided. 1-800-293-3985 ext-2306. 4-23,76-14 CASHII Tired of sitting around w/out it? Sit here & make it! UF FLORIDA REPDIALS seeks UF students to raise funds. Earn up to $8.00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedule. Apply at 105 NW 16th St 4th floor, Academic Cta j ulil jrli fln. ,or 5 il 392-7754 for more in.-23_......... People needed for flyering $6/hr to start. Please call 219-1168 5-1371-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Pay off holiday debt! No sales, opinion research only Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 4-23-70-14 GREAT JOB OPPORTUNITIES for students who want to earn while they learn. Acctng, mktg, aviation, sales, programming & networking Learn more at: www.gleim.com/employment. 4-23-6914 $1500 Weekly Potential Mailing our circulars. Free information. Call 203-683-0257. 5-22-73-14 NANNIES NEEDED!!! Flexible Schedule. $7/hr. References required www.FLnanny.com 4-23-59-14 Why pay for internet access? Let it pay you! Student recruiters & salespersons needed. High growth area. Earn free ISP plus monthly income. www.ispvip.biz/preferred. 4-23-55-14 100 WORKERS NEEDED! No exp needed work your own hrs. Assemble crafts, wood items, others Material provided. To $480 + week. Free Info pkg. Call 24/7 (801-428-4701). 3-7-23-14 PT Leasing Agent Leasing/Sales experience a plus, great personality a MUST! Must be multi-task & detail oriented to join a growing company. Fax resumes to 377-2069 or stop by 1231 SW 3rd Avenue. 4-23-43-14 Get Paid For Your Opinions! Earn $15-$125 and more per survey! www.dollars4oplnions.com 4-1-20-14 YMCA CAMP McCONNELL seeking summer resident camp staff. Summer contracts of 5-10 wks available. Applicants must be able to live in camp for summer. Several positions offered. Salaries + meals 4 housing Call 800-232-9622. 423-31-14 SUMMER DISCOVERY Counselors wanted for world-reknown SUMMER DISCOVERY pre-college enrichment program. Spend the summer w/teens. Counselors must be at least 21 by 6/20/03 & have a valid driver's license. Apply online: www.summerfun.com 423-28-14 CAMP.TAKAJO for Boys, Naples, Maine. TRIPP LAKE CAMP for Girls, Poland, Maine. Picturesque lakefront locations,. exceptional facilities. Mid-June thru midAug. Over 100 counselors positions in tennis, swimming, land sports, water sports, tripping, outdoor skills, theatre arts, fine arts, music, nature study, nanny, secretarial. Call Takajo at 800250-8252. Call 'Tripp Lake at 800-9974347. Or submit application on-line at www.takajo.com or www.tripplakecamp.com 4-8-15-14 100 WORKERS NEEDED! No exp needed work your own hrs. Assemble crafts, wood items, others Material provided. To $480 + week. Free info pkg Call 24/7 (801-428-4701). 4-15-2014 C ildcare in my home start Apr 1 for 2 yr old. 7:30-6 Tues., Thurs. occ Fd. Exp, ref, CPR cert req. Caff!407-865-8317until 3/22. After 3/22 call 352-3724843. 4-1i*-'14 *MMER & FALL INTERNSHIPS AVAILABLE.marktng. management .intedor d4eign. Serious Inquiries only. 332-7100, 4_.resumes to 332-7101 4-16-20-14 NOW HIRING FOR SUMMER INTERN-I S$IPS Sales. marketifteA. mgmt prorm. Avg, idont earns 3hrtl ordit. Call 336-1"15 Mon thIu Fri Sgm5 SWcompany4-1-20-14-"Leasing Consultants, Paradtam PrepertleasjS seeking full and part time individuals with dxcelfenf customer service experience for our leaping team. Hourly rate plus bonus structure. Apply in person at 220 N. Main St. 3752152 DFWP. 4-4-13-14 FT nanny candidates needed: 30-55 hrs, live-out, mature & energetic; grad stu-' dents welcomed; CPR/lst Aid; ref/Bkg check;" goodpa ; NO FEES CHA! Q J Placement Agency 376-5008-for info & appt 4-2-10-14 NANNIES NEEDED NOW!!! $7 to $1 1/hour steady PT-FT CPR/First Aid/Refs Noah's Ark Nanny Placement Agency 352-376-5008 4-2-10-14 SPORTS! Make $1000/day, watching sports. No selling! Just sports! Couch potatoes' way to make money. 1-800-3141619 ext 9304 www.24-7sports.com 4-4-10-14 BARTENDERS NEEDED 1-800-214-TEND (8363) www.professionalbartending.com 4-2322-14 Internet Marketing company looking for energetic people for photography/marketing positions. Outgoing and available nights a must. Photography experience a plus. Apply at www.Otype.com/nightlife. 4-1-5-14 PRE-MED GRADUATE Looking for experience in medicine? Full time patient care available in ophthalmology. Will train. Resume to Dr. Levy, afn22025@afn.org 4-23-21-14 PT & FT positions available at Lloyd Bailey's SCUBA. Must be a certified diver. Please call 352-214-1758. 4-1-5.14 EXPERIENCED CATERERSpart time servers and drivers needed for all shifts. Apply after 2pm at Celebrations Catering, 904 N. Main St. 4-1-5-14 MIDWEST FEED & HAY needs truck driver. Need Class D License. Prefer farm/ag major or related farm exp for PT/FT delivery & dock loading Call 4726050. 4-2-6-14 Part time entry level Microbiology lab tech positions for immediate hire. Some weekends required. No experience necessary. Fax Resume to 378-6483 4-2-5-14 Summer Work Sales, management & marketing. Earn $680/wk. Great for Resume. Call Angelo 954-830-0856 4-9-10-14 Office runner needed ASAPI Responsibilities include filing and office errands. P/T, afternoon position. Must be dependable with a positive disposition. Must have your own reliable vehicle. E-mail resume with references to semery@creativeenviornmental.com or fax to 352-371-0020 attn: S. Emery 4-1-3-14 SPRING BREAK WAS AWEWSOME! STS America's #1 student tour operator is now hiring on campus reps for 2003-04. 1-800-648-4849 www.ststravel.com 418-15-14PAINTER HELPERS NEEDED Will train. FT & PT hrs avail. Must have transportation $6/hr to start. Lv mssg 378-7013 4-11-10-14 HARDWORKER Local publishing cmapny seeks motivated self-starter who has fun excelling in a challenging environment. Duties include word processing, shipping & general office duties. Must be smart, fast & accurate w/ computers. Hours of work are organize around student's schedule. Excellent base pay + bonus. Call 331-3661. START YOUR CAREER WITH TOWER HILL INSURANCE We can offer a corporate culture that is supportive, challenging, and full of opportunity. We currently have a need for: SYSTEMS TECHNICIAN Want to get your foot in the Information Technology door? Our technicians install, modify, and make minor repairs to persoa omptr hardware a stance to system users. The ideal candidate will have AA and min. 6 mos. related exp MCSE, MCP, A+ a plus. Ref Code: TECH-FA DATA ENTRY OPERATOR Great opportunity for a motivated individual in our Operations area. The ability to type a minimum of 120 kspm with 90% accuracy is required. Must possess a positive can-do attitude and have a solid work history. Ref Code: DEO-FA. ACCOUNTING ANALYST This entry-level position assists in the preparation and analysis of accounting reports queries databases, and reconciles selected GL accounts. 4 yr degree in accounting or equivalent req. Min of 1 yr acctg exp is pref; Must have exp with Access & Excel. Ref Code: ACCT-FA RECEIPTS CLERK Apply p ymts, prepare & reconcile reports, prepare pymts for deposit in a timely & accurate manner and research & resolve pymt issues. Oualifications: Diploma or GED & 2 yrs related exp and/or training; type 7000 kph (type test required) & working knowledge of Excel & Word. Ref Code: RCLK-FA DISBURSEMENT CLERK Review and process disbursements/pymts. Research and resolve disbursement/pymt issues. Candidates must have HS diploma & 2 yrs related exp and/or training; type 7000 kph (type test req) & working knowledge of Excel & Word. Ref Code: DCLK-FA Send resume (Include Ref Code & salary requirements) to: Tower HillHR, P.O. Box 141150, Gainesville, FL 326141150. Fax: (352) 333-6301. Email: hrdept@thig.com DFWP. 4-3-5-14 SEEKING BUSINESS PARTNERS Earn commision on $400 billion telecomminication industry 18 & up. Serious money for serious people. Call 352-219-9551 4-45-14 Clerical Position -20 hrs temp. Strong written, communication & orgainizational skills. Proficient in Word, Excel & internet reseach. Self-starter & personable. Mail .resumes to: Coalition 4035 NW 43rd St G-ville FI 12606 4-4-5-14 Calico Jack's is now hiring cooks and servers. Accepting applications M -F from 2 -4, Located in Creekside Mall. No phone calls please 4-11-10-14 PROMOTIONAL MODELS WANTED Great part time work for out-going personalities! No exp needed. Ages 18+. Pay starts 0 $10/hr. Call Select Media 904730-2045 4-1-2-14 FARAH'S ON THE AVENUE now hiring exp wait staff for summer and fall. Apply 1120 W Univ Ave M-Thur 2-4. No calls. 4-4-5-14 SUMMER JOBS -Co-Ed Camp -Seven Weeks -$2100 Room & Board Included The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs mae & female Summer Camp Counselors ages 16 & up. FEYC is an overnight camp located off of Hwy 450 In Umatilla, FL. The camp runs from June 9 -July 28. Please contact Krys Ragland at 800-523-1673 ext 251 or 352-689-9443 ext 251. 4-23-17-14 Certified Nrsing ASSitant ciSes. lOs r -c leo fsi~ :-.9 -_ U m kT BRAND GRAMS SOLUTION 'TOT&,21 AWAUA"k 0-1 :::£4. J-L-iG' TeR,-TEIESDA'Y,APRIL I"7"2003" WPM W -Mt .--II1 

PAGE 25

TUESDAY, AIM L ixii Send a heartfelt Congratulations! to that special someone who has worked so hard to earn their degree... and Good Luck on their journey into their new life-... [ Wish your friends Thank you & fond farewell... they've been a big part of your life and it's hard to part company... [eil Thank the helpful professor, dean, or advisor that took the time to make your life so much easier... [ Tell your loved ones how grateful you are for their support, encouragement and love... SBid adieu to Gainesville and all it has meant during your time here... favorite places, favorite people, favorite things... [ Your memories will be captured in a special place... messages will appear in Graduation 2003, to be published on April 8th. Boxer DogYou made it out of the doghouse at last! Have fun making lots of kibbles at your new job! Love, Mama Hound. To JeriMy sister, my friend, and my confidante. You are my light; my inspiration, my buddy 4 life. Cancun -the DG house -Spring Breakso many memories! I love you girl! -Bobbi Messages will appear in Graduation 2003, the keepsake Graduation Edition appearing on Tuesday, April 8, 2003. Deadline for copy and payment is Tuesday, April 1st by 4 pm Please enclose your check or money order made payable to "The Alligator" for $5.50 for up to 5 lines and $2.00 for each additional line. Ads requesting bold or extra large type must be made in person at the Alligator classified desk, 1105 W. University Ave.. between the hours of 9-4, Mon.-Fri., or call 373-3463. I a] .BRING TO: IST ZIP Allow I space for each letter, space and punctuation mark. Use 2 spaces for each capital letter I -I I -I --I I --... 4 .I "" ? .......... .. ... ................. ... ... .. I I' .---.' wofor uaddoiaf iinse needed atAdditional cbsigo of $2.1perin pd Us twSpc el~o w 0pe-d --~-ONLY I I I I I I '3 I I Eu HELP WANTED 15 Summer Swim Staff -South Florida Fun Kids Swim Prgm -Boca Raton Lifeguards/Swim Instruct/Office We train and Cert. Good pay. 954-429-8989 Bocaswim748@aol 4-1-114 COMPUTER OPERATOR With retailsign design experience. Call 377-0666. 4-7-5-14 PERSONAL ASSISTANT Must have a car & be willing to do housekeeping, cooking, computer work & errands. $10/hr flexible schedule. Call Frank @ 352-494-1729. 4-4-4-14 NEED EXTRA INCOME? Part time or full time 4th largest & fastest growing telecommunications company. Call Barbara or Marilyn 866-963-2557. 44-4-14 15 SERVICES *THE ENGLISH HOUSE* IMPROVE YOUR ENGLISH Start Now! 103 N. Main St. 375-6422. 4-23-72-15 AAA STORAGE Close To UF, Convenient 4x4x4 $20/mo 4x8x8 $35/mo 533 SW 2nd Ave. 377-1771 4-23-72-15 IMPORT AUTO REPAIR BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality Craftsmanship & Reasonable Prices. Near UF, AAA Approved. 378-7830. www.carrsmith.com. 4-23-72-15 Hypnotist-Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Eliminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self-hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079. 4-23-7215 TLC HORSEBOARD. All facilities & ammenities; quality instruction; 15 minutes from UF.Call Jan at 376-7762. Greathouse Equestrian Ctr. 423-72-15 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Local and long distance moving. Free Estimates One item or a housefull Call Now! (352)374-4791 800-797-6766. 4-23-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-23-72-15 **BELLY DANCE** For Fun & Fitness Ethnic Dance Expressions Studio 384-9200 4-23-72-15 *VICTORY RIDING STABLE* We Rent Horses Large student group discounts available. Call for appointment 386-418-3776 4-23-72-15 SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE FARM Boarding $250 0 Lessons/English 0 Parties/Woodsers 0 Alachua County's oldest & finest horse farm 0 375-8080 4-23-72-15 IMMIGRATION LAW George 1. Barnett (352)466-3182 4-23-72-15 * *. BANNERS*SIGNS * * ENGRAVED AWARDS CUSTOM PRESENTATION POSTERS wVww.signpower~com $IG NMASTER1S 335-7000 5-22-59-15 **ROSI LANE HQRSE FARM*rigupAoqrse..tUils, round pen, more. miles fromi 1-75 & Oal. Mall. Discounts. 352-665-0600. 4-1-30-15 A*,"** to GovernmentU ony How wojui you like to quickly learn how to get-your hands on huge sums of Sfr rttie.*iaHow you can *9to Wte I1or 40V cwn -20LASER HAIR REMOVAL. Spring Special $150 per treatment any area for month of April only! Call Electrolysis by Jessica 337-9252. 4-23-26-15 NEED A BABYSITTER? 2 year experience w/children at Shands. Certified CPR I can teach your child to draw & paint too. Drop your kids off at my house. 281-3693. 4-2-4-15 HEALTH 16 SERVICES All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.gynpages.com/AWHC-Gville34-23-72-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $99! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199. 4-23-72-16 www.healing-experience.com 4-23-52-16 6 Continents 0 42 Countries No Acne, No Gimmicks, No Kidding WWW.ACNETREATMENT.COM Since 1989 4-23-35-16 TYPING SERVICES, 17 RESUMES Editing 0 Typesetting 0 Laser print 0 Cassettes transcribed 0 Resumes 0 Assistance for ESL students Ret. McGraw-Hill Editor Call Arupa 3724825. 4-23-72-17 THE WEB'S PREMIER EDITING & PROOF-READING SERVICE. Describe your job & upload your documents online. It's quick, easy & convenient. Ju "* go to www.editeasy.com 4-23-72-17 Term Paper Editing! Editing Performed by Professors and Graduate Students. Visit us at www.papercheck.com Or Call Us Toll Free at (866) 693-EDIT 4-9-10-17 RESUME WRITING 0 Resumes 9 Cover Letters 0 Career Guidance. Flat rate. Call Today 332-1663. 4-11-10-17 SAME DAY Transcriptions, Spanish/English translation, typing, apps. & Desktop pub: brochures, newsletters, flyers, ads, logos. Resume service. 16 yrs exp. 24hr turnaround. Connie 377-2411 4-4-5-17 18 PERSONALS Anonymous HIV Antibody Testing Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480. 4-23-72-18 GUNS GUNS! GUNS! 1800 Gin Inventory Over 500 handguns in stock Buy, Self, Trade or Repair. Reloading Supplies 466-3340 ...laay .ck .Gun Dealer ... 5-20-154 ~ *Family Chiroractik* Sineam 1.T rntI 4-23-72-18 Classlfib. 'Jim KThe scholar, the humanist. Your academic dedication has been an inspiration to us all. All those 3 a.m. nights of intense studying and your fantastic devotion to the pursuit of knowledge will serve you well in your career at The Brain Trust. Love, MAK and SEH. Smim m mm -liIlgiator 1105 W. UNIVERSITY AVE. GAINESVILLE, FL -i ---m --i -to m a-o --i-in THIS INFORMATION WILL NOT APPEAR IN THE ADVERTISEMENT NAME ADDRESS cYPHONE : E!YW '".64 1, ,1 64 6+ 11 z IK", i o .,7 7 

PAGE 26

-26,-ALLIGATOR, TUESDAY, ,APRIL 1, 2003 --......... PERSONALS 18 PEACE CORPS? PLAN TO TRAVEL? Get some English teaching experience at The English House. 375-6422 103 N Main St 4-23-72-18 CASH for CDs + DVDs. Buy-sell-trade Giant inventory of hard to find CDsCD's $6.99 and higher. Buy 2 get a 3rd free. VHS $5 & less HEAR AGAIN CD's 818 W. University. 4-23-72-18 FLASHBACKS Buys and Sells clothes. We pay cash. No appointment necessary. We buy 10-5 M-Sat. Shop 10-6. 211 W Univ Ave. 375-3752 Downtown 4-23-7218 $STUDENTS GET CASH$ For quality used clothing+furniture Get cash on the spot! Call Sandy's Consignment 372-1226. 423-72-18 Vegetarian? TRY BOOK LOVER'S CAFE Inside Books, Inc. 505 NW 13 St. 10-9 384-0090 4-23-72-18 www. bed roomjoys.com For 10% off orders over $50 Type TOYS in Opt. Info box 7-15-61-18 ROCKET FUEL COFFEE High Caffeine Coffee Get the edge! THE coffee for Finals, +Midterms, tests, reports. Z-COFFEE COPORATION... To order www.z-toffee.com or 1-800-828-4064 4-23-20-18 PERSONALS 20 STUDY ABROAD WITH CEA England, Italy, Spain, France, Australia. Request a free catalog. www.GoWithCEA.com 4-4-6-18 19 CONNECTIONS Chat live free, gay str-8 or bi. Call the Singles Network free @ 373-7272. 24hrs. Great way to meet cool people and it works. Chat live with others. 4-23-72-19 CHATROPOLIS.COM The worlds #1 chat site. Totally anonymous! No regisration, email address or download needed. Meet someone today. www.ChatRepolis.com 4-3-5-19 World's Most Unique Online! Introduction & People Networking Service! "Meet New Friends-Find That Someone Special." www.6+2online.com/sassielas 4-3-5-19 EVENTS 20 NOTICES Is your organization planning an event? You-can place your notice in this section for as little-as $5.50 for five lines! 373FIND. GRADUATE DEGREE IN BUSINESS FOR NON-BUSINESS MAJORS MIS NI MAN. kGEMEN'T Master of Science in Business Administration Concentration -Management Acquire a business knowledge base and enhance your career prospects in only 10 months Preparation for a future one-year MBA ,-Develop your personal,.and professional skills -Combined bachelor's/master's option for current UF students You're invited to attend our... Information Session Wednesday, April 2nd 7:30 PM Stuzin Hall Room 103 mudtour website: www.cba.ufl.edu/msm QUestions: msm@cbL,.1.edu EVENTS / NOTICES 21 UNION STREET FARMERS' MARKET Every'We 4-7pm by the Hippodrome downtown 4-23-72-20 FRATERNITIESOSOROITIES CLUBSOSTUDENT GROUPS Earn $l,0OQ,-$2,000 thissemester with a proven CampusFundraiser 3 hour'fund raising event. Our programs make fundraising easy with no risks. Fund raising dates are filling quickly, so get with the program! It works. Contact CampusFundraiser at (888) 923-3238, or visit www.campusfundraiser.com 4-3-12-20 Excel/Vartec IR Wealth Seminar Learn & Earn. Reception follows. Pay off student loans. Pay tuition. Perfect Career Plan B. Worth your own schedule. 1-866-203-7974, 4-3-3-20 21 ENTERTAINMENT www.ROCKYCREEKPAINTBALL.com FREEBIE SPECIAL Minutes from campus, Safety certified, Action packed, supervised 371-2092 4-23-72-21 ENTERTAINMENT 23, RIDES WALDO FARMER & FLEA MARKET EverySat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 rin from Gainesville 468-2255. 4-2372-21 www.FIRSTSTRIKEPAINTBALL.com G'ville's Friendliest Field! Call for the best group rates! 338-8408. 22 TICKETS Your ticket to savings...Alligator coupons! Find them everyday in the nation's largest college newspaper. ***EUROPE $398 RT*** Spring & Summer! Student Eurailpasses also avail Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-23-28-22 ***WEST COAST $188 RT*** LAX, SFO, Vegas, Phoenix, Seattle & More! Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-23-28-22 ***AIRFARE $138 RT*** NYC, Wash, DC, New England, more. Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-23AL IGATORLASIFV31 1~IEDS MAI-IN1] FORMH 24 G) 0 I -0 co -Furry < room M t petscb m C) tiono co FROZ $0.70 Cl)I discoL I ET Pytho adults ea, dL And rr 4-1-I( 0: -4K z z ZAOFFICE USE ONLY Sp. Chg._ CASH -_CK I Rec. By i U 1. For Rent: Furnished 13. Wanted (Circle One) j __ 2. For Rent: Unfurnished --14. Help Wanted t Day ......$5.50 3. Sublease: HousqfApt. 15. Services 2 Days._9.50, 4. Roommates 16. Health Services 3 Days ..... 12.50 5. Real Estate 17. Resurnes/Typing Serves 4 Days ..... 15.50 ,. __ 6. F-wnl ms 18.5Personal5 .8.50 7. Computers 19. .oolens ay'.Is.f 3 -6StersosiElectronics 0 Eve2t0g aen/ioes -9. Bicycles _21. Entertainment Add ltlsiVys I .forSale -22.-Tickts $2.00 each -If. Mopes/Motorcycles _2& AiOs* 3 12. Autos -24. Pet __ e.ost Found u..f,,eU11 I c0 MAS..RCARD Q.VISA EWATE:.2.00 W. o Miami Bus Service $35 R/T W.P Bch, POMPANO, MIAMI Departures: Fri 2:00 & 4:30 pm 335-8116 www.miamibusservice.com 4-23-72-23 Need a ride to church? Westside Baptist Church bus will pick you up on campus. Rawlings Hall 8:30 Gator Corner 8:40 and more. Call 333-7700 for more info. 4-2360-23 PETS feathery, scaly...No, not your mate...Pets. Find or advertise your or pet products here in the Pets secf the Alligator. ZEN RODENTS -RATS: price start .90 to $3 for large; MICE: start @ to $1; RABBITS: $2.50/lb. Quanity unts avail. Call 870-4525 4-4-20-24 MILESS ns: Burmese $100, jungle carpet s $400/pr. Boas: Columbian $120 umeril $175 ea, leo geckos $25 ea. nuch more! Contact Premium Herps. 0-24 PREMIUM HERPS Quality reptiles at a better price! I carry a wide variety of reptiles. Call to see what I have. 870-4725 or premiumherps@hotmai.com 4-1-5-24 BEST FRIENDS FOR SALE! Maltese puppies, purebred, w/papers! Make great buddies, easy to train! $450 call 352-692-0254 for details. 4-1-5-24 FANCY DWARF HAMSTERS $5 to $15 each. For pics & info see www.geocities.com/florida-hamster/ Email betta5@yahoo.com or call 378-2664 & leave a message 4-9-10-24 25 LOST & FOUND Everybody knows how awful it feels to lose something. If you find something, call the Alligator at 373-FIND and we'll place a free "Found' ad for.you in this section. (Offer does not apply to "Lost" ads.) Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. Time to sell your Red Wagon? Hula Hoop? Looking to buy onie? Check out the' For Sale section for great results. SIa I I I I I I I I I I I I I GMGTASPORT 19 Yrs. as the Official So. Fl. Bus Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $40 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.G'MGTRANS.com 4-23-72-23 GATOREXPRESS.COM *ORLANDO*JACKSONVILLE* *AIRPORTS*HOTELS*ATTRACTIONS email: becky@gatorexpress.com (352) 528-6048 (25o toll call) 4-23;72-23 

PAGE 27

4 4 4 A,.  .... .... .... ? I DID NOT KNOW THAT ... Counting nonconference games, the No. 13 UF baseball team leads the Southeastern Conference in hittingwith a .338 batting average. GREGGGIRVAN THROWING GIRV BALLS aiwun@uhlinfr.n Spring football not bringing any distanceImagine a sport where you practice on yourself. You make all the motions and do all the moves in front of a wall. Place yourself between a light and the wall while doing this. You're bouncing duckin' and jabbin', saying things like "I'm going' to eat your children!" all the while. What do you have? Shadow boxing, of course. The same can be said for the UF football team. We have Dallas Baker, Carlos Perez, Kelvin Kight, Kenneth Tookes, Reggie Lewis, Keiwan Ratliff, OJ. Small, and Reggie Vickers competing for three, at maximum four spots at wide receiver. All have shown flashes, but most of them haven't had the chance to prove themselves in a real competitive game, like one on a sultry day on-Sep. 6 in Coral Gables. The quarterback position is the most publicized unknown, with no one in spring practice distancing themselves from the pack. Then there's Justin Midgett and Chris Leak. While I do not believe either of these two newcomers realistically will get the nod, at least on Aug. 30, they will play a cntical role in lighting a fire under the more experienced suitors. Which means we won't see thetrue starting quarterback until opening day, if then. Then there's the linebacker position. Channing Crowder, Brian Crum, Todd McCullough...the list goes on. This isn't to say spring practice means nothing, simply that it doesn't stand alone. Everyone can agree that no position is safe, especially in the spring. Speculation of who has the best chances to earn the coveted roles on the firstteam can be made, many times proving to be accurate. I could say that Ingle is a safe bet, or Dallas is wowing everyone, or Todd has the best chance to prevent another' Miami-tailback field day, and turn out ,to be right. They have to prove that all through the off-season, however, not just in spring. R gh now, iiprovement is definiterythe idea, but players are shaking off eobwe i i _wi)ee lhew-oles 1 the bo4~~9S~9,bflta ts-m y can7e Gators tailbacks ,fight for starting job By Jeremy Fowler Alligator Staff Writer jfowler@alligator.org Just give it to Ran Carthon and block to the right. If Ciatrick Fason wants the ball, let him run wild, too. For plays of 20 yards or more, DeShawn Wynn is the man. With the way the-UF tailbacks performed during the intra-squad scrimmage Saturday, the ground game could have been the Gators' lone strategy for offensive success. Last year's starter Earnest Graham out of the equation, all three tailbacks looked like a possible starting job hung over them on every carry. Carthon, a senior who is No. 1 on the depth chart, finished the day totaling six As the No. 1 tailback on the UF depth chart, senior Ran Carthon anchors a Gators corps full of young talent. carries for 44 yards. Fason impressed with 71 yards on five carries, and Wynn exploded toward the end of the scrimmage with a breakaway run for a touchdown. Carthon said the energy this season is partly because of the work ethic implemented by new running backs coach, Mike Locksley. "The running game really got going [Saturday], and it showed we can be a big asset to this team," said Carthon, who averaged 5.4 yards per carry last season. Now, Carthon is the veteran. Fason handled a limited role last year, recording nine carries for 27 yards. Wynn's a redshirt freshman who played on last year's scout team. Recruit Skyler Thornton could make an impact next season but is unproven. Fason, however, said his opportunities are endless this time around. "I feel really comfortable," Fason said. "As a freshman, I was kind of nervous. This year, I don't have anything to be nervous about. I'm not new to the system. "If you mess up, you mess up." At least he's accepted that spring practice isn't always flowery, especially after UF coach Ron Zook saw running backs start plays with the ball and end them without it Saturday. "[Fason] can run all he wants, but iffle keeps putting the ball on the ground, he isn't going to have many chances," Zook said. Zook insists fumbling will not be an issue next season, but otherwise he's been pleased with the ground game so far this spring. Wynn has had two outstanding Saturday scrimmages, Zook said, and he's a strong back who generates power by staying low. Wynn complements Fason and Carthon's speedy style, which could give the Gators something they haven't had under the Zook era. "Every day we say we can be like that '96 team Coach Spurrier had with all them backs with Eli [Williams], Fred Taylor and Terry [Jacksonl," Fason said. Baseball finds success with pitching staff By Andrew Abramrs Alligator Writer aabrar Pitching is bac baseball team cox elated. In a baseball by hitters in a Gators -are -r fin4 thanks to pitch For the fans Stadium, ther laupitching ).:.In Sturcay's rainsfTemess on Coach Pat McMahon said. Hoyman ranks in the top 10 mson@alligator.org in the SEC in earned run averck, and the .F age, opponent batting average, uldn't be more innings pitched, batters struck out looking and, most imporera dominated tant to his team's success, wins. ill levels, the A transfer from Brevard ding success Community College and a forng. mer standout pitcher at Cocoa at McKethan -igh, Hoyi= was drafted_ in, e are, major the 43rd round of the amateut prospects to be draft Ust seaon -by the C0lo.1 rado Rockies btelectedtopoi 5:-1vctory ish his game atTJ. 60,.sophomre Hoyans stock could s~ oym1mi th....w-. -after his rece octu. ecte --[The major Voss U d outseven n but t o Imaau, Iyebte. Igo geting to maha," eatmoeiilnt Hymaa-sai. Sues~it' timhitfast pitching coach in high school or community college, UF pitching coach Ross Jones has helped Hoymai adjust to Division I college baseball. "Coach Jones has been huge for me," he said. "Coming from where I was in the beginning of the fall to where I am now has been a huge change for me." Not only have the mechanics improved, according to Hoyman,butle also gained 30 pounds and he feels much stronger. While Hoyman has been a big part bf the Gators' recent success and six-game winning streak, he ,is not the only pitcher who has contributed. refletsn thewnnstreak] reflects.: the success of our hstgffHoyman.said. the entire team feels real confident." The staff includes freshman Christian Madson, and at 6-foot-8 and 250 pounds, he is a dominating presence on the mound. His 28 strikeouts are third on the team behind Hoyman and Conj~r Falkenbach. Other pitchers have excelled ,recdnlly, including t'alkenbach, who after being deioted to the bullpen r sponded by picking up two I iies instinessee. "When you drop a guy dow and he's throwing from a 101 arm slot so often f ue -piting isa huge 'actor an the movement is very good,, McMahon said. "Counors g* Is ,, Jmmw. .-,I m .-.' -... .- 

PAGE 28

I s7ji; l'-A-t10 "l'TT'lCT'IAV AflDTT 1 ')A' L ,V&LL1IGzATU I, I Utb.3jAY AfU ItiZ V s. Tennis coach By Oscar Ubillus Alligator Writer The Gators are winning again and just in time. After returning to their usual ways and producing familiar results, thle No. 2 UF men's tennis team has until Friday to prepare for the two matches that will decide the winner of the Southeastern Conference. The Gators will face No. 35 Tennessee on Friday and No. 19 Georgia on Sunday. aven with a comfortable lead in the" SEC East, Coach Andy Jackson said he knows how important these matches will be. "This is going to be a big weekUF facing'biggest weekend of year' end," Jackson said. "It's the biggest weekendof the year so far." The Volunteers and the Bulldogs are slumping this year, but both teams arelstill very capable of defeating the Gators, Jackson said. Georgia and Tennessee's positions in the standings, both at the bottom of the SEC East, is only a mirage Jackson hopes his team will overlook. "I'm a worrier to begin with, and when I'm not worried, that's when there's a big danger for us," Jackson said. "I know how good their coaches are, I know how good their programs are and I know how much pleasure you get from keeping someone from winning a championship." With all that on his mind, Jackson said he would run more individual practices this week rather tharr team-practices to keep his players fresh and sharp. "As you get down toward the end of the year you want save the players' legs for the matches," Jackson said. "As the old saying goes, 'The hay's already in the barn." With fitness no longer a concern, the Gators will concentrate more on the tactical and technical aspects of their game this week. After putting together two back-to-back solid performances during the weekend, defeating Alabama and Auburn, the Gators will have little to improve. It's all a matter of maintaining tke current level of play, Jackson said .... ._ .. .. Freshman Janne Holmia hasn't followed his coach's advice. He has gotten better every week. Holmla, the No. 4 singles player in the country and the Gators' No. 2 seed, has lost one match, to Duke's Michael Yani, since Feb. 23. The rest of the Gators aren't far behind. "Janne continues to be one of the top players in the nation, but it's hard to sige any one player out," Jacksoil said. "It's hard for Committee announcess :ites for gymnastics regionals Staff Report The NCAA Gymnastics Committee announced Monday the fields for each of the six NCAA Region Championships sites. No. 9 UF will compete in the Southeast Region in Athens, Ga. The six regions will be contested Saturday, April 12. Meet time for the NCAA Southeast Region is set for 6 p.m. in the Stegeman Coliseum. The nation's top-18 team baged on regional qualifying. score were seeded ihtd ,six Igions. There are three teams in each region. The remaining three regional slots were filled with teams from within the region. The winner and runner-up at each of the six region sites will make up the 12-team field at the NCAA Championships, sefvfor April 24-26 in Lincoln, Neb. The Gators have advanced to nationals 20 times in the 21-year history of the NCAA Gymnastics Championships. No. 4 Georgia and No. 16 Ohio State are the other seeded teams at the NCAA Southeast Region Championships. : No. 24 North Carolina State, No. 27.North Carolina, and No.31 Maryland round out the field for the Southeast Region Championships. FRE.AWINS: Freshman g9fj.V ah McNaughton won her first collegiate tournament as the .Pomen's go9lfam shot a 604 tTO Win? a x:iih against Augusta St4te on Sunday after-. nooni McNaughton shot a two-round 148 (76-72) to help lead the Gators' WI. against Augusta State. It wA.hefirst time this season McNaughton-has competed as a me .. ...s... g five. .;::: first round ad &f313, the Gators came back to shoot a 291 in the second round. Senior Jeanne Cho shot a low-round score of 70 ifi the second round to finish the match in third place with a score of 151 (81-70). Freshman Aimee Cho finished runner-up with a score of 150 (77-73). It was the third time this spring Cho has finished as a runner-up. Junior Amanda Dick and freshman Camila Gonzalez both tied for fifth place with a score of 159. JunioJoy Stephenson competedas ia dual for UF, finishingeivetWithascore of 161 (81-80). The Gators will travel to Athens, Ga., Friday -through Sunday to take part in the Liz Murphey Collegiate Classic at the University of Georgia Golf Course. Last season, UF won the tournament after shooting a three-round 879. Jeanne Cho was the tournament medalist with a score of 216 (75-68-73). PRACTICE MOVED: The football team has announced a change in its spring practice schedule. The Gators will not work out Monday. Instead, the practice session has been moved to April 10 and will begin at 4:30 p.m. All practices are open to the public. 1. Mneta@Ponx 6._NwYr_ 0LA 2. Memphis 0 Atlanta Clippers 3. New Orleans 0 7. Washington @ Boston Cleveland 8. New ,Jersey 0 Toronto 4. Milwaukee 0 Chicago 9. Sacramento 0 5. Orlando 0 Dallas Philadelphia 10.San Antonio 0 Detroit (;I4 ] I me to pick -ene or two guys because the team as a whole has played great." Great play doesn't always mean great victories, and the Gators know'what it's like'to be upset. A March 22 loss to Duke allowed the Gators to regroup and focus on winning the rest of their matches. Victories in both matches would give the Gators a 10-0 record in the SEC with one game remaining, South Carolina on April 11, and a strong chance to host an NCAA regional. Both matches against Tennessee and Georgia will be played at the Ring Tennis Complex. 
