
PAGE 1

HALLUCINATIONS CAN OVERWHELM USER LSD Trip Can Be 'Frightening' (EDITOR'S NOTE: This is the second in a three part series on LSD.) By Alligator Services According to Dr. Jean P. Smith, the effects of LSD depend on several factors, including the "set that the person has, or what he expects to happen, and the setting in which he takes the drug. "The setting in which the LSD usage occurs has a very strong effect on the individual's attitude toward self-control and his ability to cope with crises during the drug state .The setting also is important because it affects the degree to which the action of the drug can be focused on specific results." With professional help and psychoterapists present, LSD has been. used in the treatnant of specific psychiatric problems such as neurosis and alcoholism. In these highly controlled settings any attempt at self-destruction or other irrational acts can be controlled and the LSD session can be aborted by chemotherapy. The specific group and surroundings in which an individual takes LSD may "facilitate the helpful or increase the harmful, reactions to the drug. Thus the 'experimentation' carried on by groups of young people who obtain their LSD supplies through illegal channels and take the drug under hightly unsupervised conditions can only lead to tragic results. There is no attempt at directing the drug at specific psychiatric problems, only a desire to go on a 'trip' without direction, supervision, or knowledge of the psychiatric and physical dangers involved." And Smith notes that even with a "positive attitude to begin with, most 'triers' and users go through intensely frightening and terrifying experiences under the drug." He claims that although there is no definite sequence of invariable effects of LSD, certain types of changes typically occur on a "trip:" "Twenty to 45 minutes later (after ingestion) there may be an experience of visual changes where objects unexpectedly begin to 'move.' Feelings may become more intense and rapid changes in mood may occur; the subjet may become extremely emotional with uncontrolled laughing or crying. He may or may not be responsive to his environment and meaningful communication with him may prove difficult. "Intensified and distorted tactile (SEE'LSD'PAGE 3) The America's 4' No. One PRESS I Florida All atorCollege Pace-Maker Daily All-American Vol. 61. No. 107 University of Florida, Gainesville Thursday, April 3, 1969 SUN-WORSHIP KICKS OFF CAMPAIGN Yep, that's right. That big thing up in the Gainesville skies First Party First is the long-lost sun. Now that it's back, UF palefaces are sun-worshipping en-masse, and en-grasse. Take your pick -the F1e s F l S at Fla. Experimental College Offers Unique Curriculum Florida Experimental College, which offered its first courses in January, will open registration for its second term this week, with 34 courses to be offered. The college, which is open to students, faculty, and area residents, bills itself as "an experiment in how-to-learn," and "a place and space to become your own teacher." The idea for the college goes back one year, when several graduate students lifted the concept of graduate seminars, and proposed to apply them in an undergraduate or even non-student capacity. "This is an attempt to learn under a new style of teaching," one college spokesman said. "The student brings the creative infortnafion to class,-where the entire class can react to it." Last quarter, Florida Experimental College offered ten courses, This term, there will be 34, and the college brochure encourages students to create their own offerings. There is no set curriculum for any course, and no instructor, per se. A coordinator for each offering is charged, however, with developing a syllabus, and preparing a reading list for the course. "Wteae6 working under the assumption that the present system is antiquated," the spokesman said. "We want to offer courses in relevant areas the university does not now cover. (SEE 'COLLEGE' PAGE 2) By NEAL SANDERS Staff First Party, with Charles Shepherd heading the list of nominees, became the first party to file a list of top officers Wednesday for Student Government elections. Shepherd has filed for president on the slate, with Senate Majority Leader Charles Harris for vice-president, Jim Roll for treasurer, Craig Lawrence for Chancellor of the Honor Court, and Robert Waddles for traffic court chief justice "We feel UF is headed for difficult days," Shepherd said at the time of filing. "There is a need for effective leadership, and we will provide it." "This entire campaign will be geared to solving UF's most pressing problems," he said. "There is a potential threat from the legislature, as well as from within the university." "The most important need," he said, "is for academic reform." "The first task of our administration will be to revamp the present Code of Student Conduct. It is within this document that much progress in student rights has been held up or pushed back" At a kick-off rally Tuesday night, Shepherd and Harris outlined their platform and goals for the coming year. These included a move to rid UF of ineffective instructors, and a restructuring of the vice-president's office. "We're through with teacher evaluation," Shepherd said last night. "Now, we've got to start acting, to get rid of those instrsctorswithi-thc university who shouldn't be teaching." "A goal such as this will require student initiative," he said. "The same kind of initiative that stopped a tuition hike last year can effect change (SEE 'FIRST' PAGE 3) JIM ROLL .First's treasurer CRAIG LAWRENCE .First's chancellor ROBERT WADDLES .wants Traffic Court post 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 3, 1969 Rathskeller Inquiry Still Being Studied No action has been taken by Gov. Claude Kirk's office on the report of the Rathskeller operation. $39 Milli1on In Education Bonds Unsold Some $39 million in higher education bonds for universities, j u n i o r c oll e g e s a n d vocational-technical centers went unsold Monday when the Cabinet State Board of Education failed to receive any bids. "This will have no immediate effect on the University of Florida, but it will in the future,'" said Walter Matherly, director of planning at UF. Since the bonds went unsold, the UF has fallen short of capital funding. But the plans for the building of a new music building and graduate center, will continue, stated Matherly. "The university has enough money to cover the first phases of vlannine." said Matherly. A report forwarded to the governor's office by UF officials is currently being studied by Daniel Delange, administrative assistant on education to the governor. Bob Allison, Rathskeller business manager, said Wednesday the report had been forwarded to the Governor through President O'Connell's office. Kirk asked the Board of Regents March 12 to find out if it's true that the Rathskeller is putting local taverns out of business and also to obtain a financial statement from the Rathskeller to determine where the profits are going. Engineers have a good head for figures, as you might guess from this lineup of Engineering Fair queen contestants. Front row (left to right) Barbara Ritchason, Terri Page, Dale Chemerys, lPam Coliseum Fund Group Gets Greek Support' The newly-formedStudent Tuesday, April 8 at 7:30 pm, in Colliseun Action Team (SCAT) Room 150-C of the Reitz Union. has amassed the support of over All fraternities, sororities, other ten sororities and fraternities, campus organizations and IFC, and some dorms, in its interested persons are urged to efforts to put an activities attend. complex on campus. SCAT has planned an The next meeting is set for Activity Center Day for May 2. A Slogan Contest for Activity Center Day is being coordinated by Bonnie Jenks, 2UC. SCAT is seeking qualified students to head up its letter-writing campaign, a film documentary, and fraternity coordination. More positions will be created as SCAT expands its responsibilities. Pemberton, Bettsee Smith and Sharon Ford. Back row (left to right) Donna Lough, Barbara Smith, Candi Dodson, Sharon Keller, Karen Osman and Walda Williamson. Arthur Brown Draws Fire FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (UPI) -Arthur W. Brown and the six members of his English rock band "The Crazy World of Arthur Brown" -were fined $50 each Wednesday for disturbing the peace by putting on a show for collegians on the fifth floor of a motel. The band members pleaded no contest to the charge, filed Monday night after some 1,000 vacationing college students gathered below the motel to listen to the music Elliot Zack Heads Honor Court Elliott Zack, president of the Honor Court Bar Association, has been appointed Honor Court chancellor for the remainder of the Spring term. Zack replaces Pete W. Zinober in the court's highest post. Zinober, who served as Chancellor since his election in February, 1968, resigned last quarter upon graduating from the UF College of Law. Zack moves up to the Chancellor post from his former job as Vice Chancellor. He has held the offices of chief defense investigator, assistant chief defense counsel and chief defense counsel of Honor Court. College Open EFOM PA6E ONEq ''T h e r e will be no authoritarian decisions in the college," he said. "Every student has the opportunity to open new discussion areas, and to present new material which challenges established doctrines." An introduction to the brochure says that under present-day methods, "learning is stultified (with) overly directive, authoritarian, or subtly coercive methods. Catalog offerings begin with "The University Today," and end with "Why SSOC?" Other courses deal with suicide, sexual morality, Afro-American literature, and civil disobedience. Other, less defined, courses include an "Encounter Group," and "Sensitivity Group." The encounter group is labeled as an "unstructured, interpersonal relating and sharing on a gut level" venture. There is a $1 registration fee, and all courses may In signed up for at the' Reitzatbift Thursday night in Rooms 122" 123. TERRY FERRER WHO SAYS YOU CAN'T TEACH AN OLD. With the Frisby fad going along as it has, it's just natural that man's best friend should get into the act. Making a canine leaping-catch is Thor, who lives in the French Quarter. THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the "-d.M.rsity of Florida and is published five times weekly except during June, juiy .Ai, hen it is pub'' mi-weekly, and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida Alligator, Reitz Union Building, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32601. The Alligator is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida 32601. Subscription rate is $10.00 per year or $3.50 per quarter. The Florida Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of al) advertisements and to revise or turn5wav opy h it ojeltionibe_ The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustments of payment for any advertisement involving typographical errors or erroneous insertion unless notice is given to the Advertising Manager within (1) one day after the advertisement appears. The Florida Alligeur e @ not be responsible for more than one incorrect insertion of an m scheduled to run several times. Notices for correction must 6. bedwe next insertion. ENGINEERING FAIR HOPEFULS APPLICATIONS ARE NOW BEING TAKEN FOR EDITOR, SEMINOLE MANAGING EDITOR, SENN For 1970 Yearbook EDITOR, THE FLORIDA ALLIGMOR MANAGING EDITOR, THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR Summer Quarter, 1969 Fall and Winter Quarters, 1969 -70 Applications may be picked up from Norm Going, Editorial Adviser, Room 339A, JWRU Application Deadline is April 21, 1969 

PAGE 3

BOOK BUYING TIME Browsing through stacks of books at the SG-sponsored book exchange are Maria Ruiz and Gail Davis. Eliminating the "middle man" from the exchange, SG enables students to buy used texts at lower prices than local bookstores. The exchange will be selling books through Friday. First Party Files First f O:RNE E thin the legal structure of the university." Shepherd promised a fourplank platform to be released within the next few days. No campaigning will be allowed until 5 pm Friday, when candidate filing ends. Charles Harris, who was once considered a prime contender for the president's post, said his decision to run with Shepherd came "because I am convinced that he (Shepherd) is the one student at UF most knowledgefbie ayuur the running of Student Government and the University as a whole." Shepherd said that, if elected, he would revamp the vice-president's position to have complete control of the cabinet, F as well as all student government .Charles Shepherd, Ch projects. Carnigras Offers Discount Tickets Tickets for the Student Government-sponsored Carnigras, 60 per cent larger than last year's, will be on sale at five for the price of four today and Friday only. This combination carnival and mardi gras will include 40 rides and 26 concessions. Candy apples, cotton candy, popcorn, cold drinks, hamburgers, and hot dogs will be sold by the carnival and by Servomation. The Carnigras is being set up on the military drill field. Five tickets may be purchased for a dollar at the service booth across from the Hub, at dormitories, fraternities and sororities. The service booth will be open all day until 5. There are only 6000 pre-sale tickets available. Carnigras will run April 7-12. Tickets will cost more if purchased after Friday and rides will cost 40 or 50 cents. Monday through Thursday the carnival will be open from 4 to 11 pm. Friday and Saturday it will be open from 4 pm to 1 am. Free parking will be available on the north end of the drill field only. Carnigras is the major money-making project for Student Government all year. It is hoped that $4000 will be raised through ticket sales and this amount would be matched with $36,000 by the Federal Government. The proceeds will be used by the Gator Loan Fund. This is the second year for a Carnigras at UF and Chairman Griff McSwine says a contract has been signed for the next five years. Eddie Floyd is assistant chairman. IRST PARTY SHOWS OFITS KATE Male LSD 1-3 time only NICK ARROYO Overwhelming panic Violence 68.4% 72.8% 13.1% 12.3% arles Harris, Jim Roll, Craig Lawrence and Robert Waddles Homicidal or suicidal 8.6% IT'S TIME FOR YOUR SECOND CHILDHOOD .at the SG-sponsored Carnigras, running April 7-12 LSD Good Tr ip Or Bad? FROMPU sensations are most frequent, and illusory phenomena are found more often than true hallucinations. When they do occur, hallucinations may overwhelm the individual, especially if panic and an intense feeling of losing one's mind 'relatedness,' often without chemically-centered religion, or accompany the hallucinations. developing a change in values that transcend his society "In the cognitive or behavorial patterns on which to and culture. intellectual sphere, the subject base such language." "As a consequence, he only may show confusion or impaired Smith details the severe too often winds up disengaging thinking. Time judgment under disturbances that can result from himself from productive, [SD is more variable, and time uncontrolled use of LSD, focused personal and social may 'slow down' or appear to including "psychotic disorders activities and drifts aimlessly stand still. His image of his own of depressive, paranoid, and through life without social boay may change so that he no schizophrenic types with acute achievements to enrich his longer feels the parts of his body and intermitten phases," and personal life." or limbs connected in the usual adds that "chronic anxiety According to Lasher, who way, a very disturbing feeling." reactions and dissocial behavior presents the enforcement point patterns subsequent-to LSD use of view, the user of Smith finds a difference are quite common among hallucinogenic drugs presents a between what the LSD user says repeated users." "hazy" profile: and what he does, and sees the "Even more serious and "It does not appear possible claim of more "love of fellow prevalent than these negative at this time to identify LSD use man" and "relatedness" as reactions are the adverse with specific background illusory for most users. "What he consequences of so-called factors, such as age, occupation, appears to acquire is the 'positive trips' which lead the educational level or social language set to talk about 'love user to feel that he has found standing. Experience to date for his fellow man' and the answers to life's problems, a indicates that: "most LSD users fall within the 18 to 30-year-old bracket; -" -,mostusers are students or recent 'dropouts;' 6 "most LDS users come from middle or upper-class homes; ( "and most users have had ample opportunity to achieve a higher education." That LSD users tend to make the drug the center of their universe is the only common characteristic cited by Lasher, who reports users "talk about the drug and its effect incessantly and seek out other users as their companions." In a survey of 114 LSD users the following characteristics were reported: Average Age 23 (range 15 to 43) 

PAGE 4

P p 4. T'F'" -A-"t"r. Th r '""y. April 3."19 BROADBREASTED U.S.D.A. GRADE A QUICK FROZEN UN TENDER BROAD BREASTED AkTUjKlElfS LB to 1at Pride0 COMPARE! TURKEY 1R 1--mI OKRAFT MACMROM -DINRNE ma PANTRY U COOKING OI8a PANTRY PRUE FLOUR IL AWMUWM. FOIL poolm---"" PACR ABEL MUSHROOMS ."po.w CHOCOLATE .IMBO PIES a MANDAN ORANGES 1 -CCRISCO SORTBG66 CAN TOWN TALK SYRUP m.a SUR EVERY plSAV D AL"Y UP pat : PAY TO 38 49t l1% 19% 23e 24 69% 934 244 37% 47e 104 4/$1.00 4/$1.32 320 4/$1.00 4/$1.32 324 3/$1.1 3/$l7 174 4/1.00 4/$1.16 16c 79% 934%144 490 59o 10, GERBER'S BABY FOOD ALL STRAINED VARIETIES AND JUICES REG. JAR EACH COMPARE PANTRY MAID LUNCH IB 7 oz. COLD DRINK CV. BOOK MATCHES*% cowl PANTRY PRIDE BLEACI CHICKEN POT PIE l-Wl GALVANIZED GARBAGE WHISTLE SPRAY CLEAm CLAPPS STRAINED BABY CHARCOAL BRIQUETTES FONDA PAPER PLATES-9 Shop "r aete sedlon of' Gmuated Usher. Sop now for the bofiays. OU 01EVERY YoAu live PIK111PAY T 1AGS --5/$1.00 5/$1.15 15 S C 79s 89110 N11% 130 2t % mm 28g 310 34 NW -0= 6/$1.00 5/$1.00 20 CAN WA$1.89 $1.99 10, ER 1 -' 49 59 10% FOODS 4 o0mg 84 6/65 17 SUL 0" 88$ 99% 111 hn. me M0 69% 8902 Save Everyday on Your Health and Beauty Needs! .m.ww m COFFEE HAIR SPRAY.990 W.maniminE.L6"ON.SN"sm6fSER s FOLGERS SHAM POO.990F b-n. SLO EUEWII. 32 TL. ANTINEPlC MOUTIWASH USTERINE. 1.09 PANTRY SU .I UII. FAN Y SUE TOOM PAMiE PRIDE COLwGATE.679 L CAN Asum11AD. .4.3wCAM. LMIT -1 OF YOUR CHOICE WITH 5.00 OR MORE ORDER belly -Fresh Baked Goods SAVE M.S 6A6MwV a A L PIES. uwv we.Pinss pP SEEcS MIOUTES SWEET BUNS.3/$1 CHorm ,l TE CAKE.950 COMPARE! BEST-PAK FREEZER BAGS MUSHROOM DINNER Y l SPAGHETTI DINNER "% L PPWISBURY PANCAKE MIX 2U o WHIPPED POTATOES "' a M. EASY ON SPRAY STARCHn TAME CREAM RIN5ESE CONTAC CAPSULES w. LISTERINE no% NICE 'N EASY BY CLAIROL LOVING CARE BY CAROL POND'S DUSTING POWDER HAI KARATE AFTER SHAVE 4 'MACL TWSE-G.* COMPA R I SIZE SAMRA WHITE ENICHEE TIDE DETERGENT *"" $ BREALBOLD DETERGENT CDEEDETERGENT '" ims-.1. A D SALVO DETERGENT 010 IVORY DETERGENT *$ SUM29WJOY ,LQUID DETERGENT THRILL DISH DETERGENT "-,""" CASCADE s'* GAIN D ETGENT ** out EVENTrU. DAY LOW ABLY~ 254 294 490 5 49% 55% 39% 49% 1 49% 59e 1 49% 59% 59% $1.00 99 $1.59 $1.09 $1.98 $1.59 $2.00 $1.39 .75 2/97% $1.00$' 991 $1.50 am Eay rY -5 MY LU ASLY FRMN~ PAT 1.23 $1.27 73o 771 1.43 $1.47 .j9 -$2.3 .2 77s 791 83 BY~ 83Y By 48' 75% 771 y 87 BONUS BUY! TO; 4f 20 2' 2' r2' 16 TO 22 LBS 0 SAC lqw J4 4 60e 4 36 ,03 50 

PAGE 5

'A' FESH ALLsTEFLRAGAE tock.-Up Early LARGE ROA' R ADE -, EGGS CLSE DOZEN ___NC SUNDAY IN CTN. IAPRIL6th nnmyL r mm# S SEVE N AYSA* A WM. BTS SMS T AV TEn *EW=MAY, AR P9L. #WW X SANT W ET S R BONU Buy VERDAY OW9PICE A,:*M0*K 1 Thursday, April 3, 1969, The Florida ANigator, Pag 5 GAINESVILLE'S 10OWEST Da nt FOOD PRICES! Pride 1349 N.W. 23rd AVENUE DICON FOODS INJ.M.UIEDS PLAZA 927 NORTM MAIN AT THE CORNER or l0th STREET BONUS BUY ,H CR S I UE MOHAWK FORIDA NNED SIRIONI FRESH RDVA' OR BONELE~SS E W HAM5 -=sTEA FRYERS SHOULDER SAVE$1,0VSSEAVE B 2 COMPARE! TuRKEY DINNER "-a-ma"uKRAFT MACARONI WNER "m PANTRY PRIDE COOKING M OL PANTRY PRIDE FLOU '-SUL ALUMINUM FOIL Se@RL'PAIR"VR PACKER LAIEL MUSHROOMS."".00 CHOCOLATE JUMBO PIES -" MANDARIN ORANGES "C CRISCO SHORTENIG *"a TOWN TALK SYRUP .in PANTRY MAID-LUNCH BAGS n cow 7 ,. COLD DRINK CUPS'-nmm BOOK MATCHES ne-w PANTRY PRIDE BLEACH e" 30' 0 COMPARE! IVORY SOAP'"' IVORY PERSONAL. 4-" CAMAY SOAP "'-' SAFEGUARD SOAP#". ZEST DEODORANT SOAPo'' LAVA SOAP eaSPIC & SPAN *"' TOP JOB '" MR. CLEAN 2"" COMET CLEANSER -2DOWNY FABRIC SOFTENER "7 OUR RVIRY LOW V;U_ SAVE DAY qjp PRXIII ABLY TO COMPARE 38g 49o 190 230 690 93e 37s 470 4/$1.00 4/$1.32 4/$100 4/$1.32 3/$1.00 3/$1.17 4/$1.00 4/$1.16 79s 930 49o 59o 5/$1.00 5/$1.15 79% 890 110 130 280 31o 11e 44 244 100 320 320 174 164 144 10g 15% 10% 2% 30 OUR EI DAY L PRaCEI FRIED FISH PORTIONS m'u"muTm' 99' FRYER COMBINATION ,"Wom"".nelacusn 59' LIVERWURST &uWusao. M 25' PORK ROLL SAUSAGE omt "m 39'a CHIPPED SLICED MEATS .eeu-a. 33' SLICED BOLOGNA 491 SLICED BEEF LIVER 39. MILD DAISY CHEESE weas 691 SLICED AMERICAN CHEESE 694, TURKEY DRUMSTICKS UWURM MM 296, HYGRADE CHEESE LOAF 2Ls, 59' CREAM CHEESE .taem 296 OLEO am u.a.wum a1/46 25' VEAL OR CHUCKWAGON STEAkS "o Box""' 791. BEEF CUBE STEAKS i.tiUi 791. 'SAVE QM aevai'l 2/2y 2/25 20'ZPE-AKP DE ''"~* IS'5 3 US .. L9 28' 30' 2' JIF PEANUT BUTTER ""'~"'"'' 65' 2/31' 2/33' 2' JIF PEANUT BUTTER '.-~*'''''' 65' 2/43' 2/45' 2' Duncan Hines Fudge Brownie Mix ?.g.61' 14' 15' 1' LYSOL SPRAY DISINFECTANT "" $1.35 95' 99F 4'. DREFT '"T-'''" 73' 67' 69' 2' IVORY SNOW '"' 83' 67' 69' 2' DUZ DETERGENT ''" 83' 28' 29' .BONUS DETERGENT '"' .83 45' 47' 2' OXYDOL DETERGENT ''--"'" 71' fERY py5oSAV OWABLY U U PAY T 1" 30' 69, 10' 35' 10' 491 10I 39' 6' 591 10. 49L 101 791 101 791 101 691 10, 39. 10' 31' M 891 101 891. 101 [VERY p111.SAVE 67' 2' $1.59 10' 69' 4' 69' 4' 63r 2' $1.39 4' 77' 4; 87 4 87' 4 87f 4' 75' 4; est FANCY GOLDEN RIPE B ANANAS' LB CRISP CELLO WRAPPED LB IA$ .PKG IV U.S. FANCY W .hEN EARS -4 Ampmmumifth, ow, I 

PAGE 6

Pap 6, The FlrIh Amtor, T1rdy, ApI 3, Im Yale Professor DROPOUTS Guest Speaker "Battering the Object: the Ontological Approach" will be the topic of a talk by Prof. Wiliam K. Wimsett tonight. Dr. Wimett, from Yale University, will speak at 8 in Bless Auditorium. Sponsored by the University Lecture Series and the Language and literature Clubithe talk is open to the public. FutNY.i FN7 MYSELF LOGWC& FOR CRtONPS, -TRArF~IC, NOISE, "SffO& AMP FARAWAY PLACES, t--i--4 BY HOWARD POST / 1 "'-L0A0S"T. 1~cDevelopment Theme Of Latin AmericanConference "Aspects of Latin American Development" will be the theme of the 16th annual Southeastern Conference on Latin American Studies April 10-12 at UF. Participating in the conference will be outstanding specialists on Latin America from throughout the Southeast. Progrun coordinator is Dr. Wiliam E. Carter, dkector of UF's Center of latin American Studies. Divided into three sessions, the conference will deal with U.S. Presence in Latin America, New Lands and Migration and Political Modernization. Speakers will deliver papers concerning these topics during the conference, and two addresses will be given. Victor Alba of the Department of Political Science at Kent State University, -a native of Spain and citizen of Mexico, will speak April 11 at 12:30 p.m. on "Revolutionaries without Revolution." Charles W. Wagley, director of the Center for Latin American Studies at Columbia University, will talk at 7:30 that night on the trend toward technical studies in Latin American universities. Universities represented at the conference will be Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, Columbia, Auburn, Kent State, Louisiana State, Tulane and West Georgia. Registration begins at 8 a.m. April 11 i n McCarty WHAT'S HAPPENING ACCENT '69 -The Accent committee is looking for taped recordings of any of the Accent programs this year. Anyone knowing of any can call 392-1691. FLORIDA PLAYERS -Tryouts for the production of "The Threepenny Opera," will be held April 7-9 in the Constans Theatre. Scripts and music are now available for checkout in room 363 Arts and Sciences Building. WELLUAN-LORD SCHOLARSHIP -Steve Ely, 4EG, has been awarded the 1968 $1,000 Wellman-Lord scholarship. Ely, a defensive end on the UF football team, has an upper division average of 3.61. Ely previously was awarded the Walter Matherly trophy for the highest adhastic average for a member of the football team. COWLES COMMUNICATIONS SCHOLARSHIP -Willie Rawls Jr, 4JM, has received the $1,500 Cowles Communications scholarship. Rawls transferred to UF from Broward County Junior College in 1967. MENA -Will hold meeting Thursday night at 8 in the Reitz Union room 150. CAMPUS CRUSADE FOR CHRIST -Will hold College Life meeting Sunday night a 9:13 in the SAE House. CONTMPORARY POET SERIES -Prof. Ed Ochester, Reitz Union room 122 today at 4 p.m. UNION MOVIE -"New Cinema II," University Auditorium today 6, 8:30 and I11pxm. ARMY ROTC SWEETHEARTS -Under direction of Maj. Charles have adopted an orphanage in Ke Sat Ho Nai, Bien Hoa, 20 miles north of Saigon. The Sweethearts recently covered dorm areas in a door-to4oor drive for desperately need articles as soap, toothpaste, toothbrushes etc. Students my deposit contributions in Army ROTC building room 27. ESOWfLESSOMNS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS Z Z CHILDREN'S BALLET M 0 0 STARTS MON. APRIL 7th ROOM G-4 UNION o 0 3:00 & 4:00 PM "z Preregister Room 310 Union 392-1655 S .0s LEsSM LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS r Auditorium, the location of all sessions. Both addresses will be in the Reitz Union Ballroom. 378-5724 [)IC IKHIOLNMII I EWLI CLOCK. WATCH & JEWELRY T* REPAI RS TROPHIES -ENGRAVING C230W. UNIVERSITY AVE. W V BLOCK FROM CAMPUS] I WIG SALON WILL NOT BE UNDERSOLD! 100% Human HairWiglets .$4.95 100/o Human Hair Mini Falls ..$29.95 100% Sholder Length Falls. ...$35.60 All prices complete with cutting & styling WE SPECIALIZE IN SERVICES Live below your means. If you'd like to get around the high An cost of living, we have a suggest-ion: Ion.T Cut down on the high cast of getting is) on around. So And buyaVolkswagen-t onlyy $1871* save. That's around $1200 less ian the ovAn e.rage amount paid for a new car toyears day. (leave it in the bank. More's coming .the st A VW saves you hundreds of dollars Of on upkeep over the years. at. Sc It takes pints, not quarts, of oil. car s~u Not one iota of antifreeze. Try MILLER-BRO MOTORS IN 4222 NW THIRTEENTH ST 'Local delivered price, plus tax, tag, & title. (Whitewalls extra d it gets about 27 miles to the galhe average car (thirsty devil that it ly gets 14. the more you drive, the more you d chances are, you'll drive it for and years. (Since we never change ryle, a VW never goes out of style.) course, a VW's not much to look oa lot of people buy a big flashy ust to save face. y putting that in the bank. WN C. REET 1013 W. UNIVERSITY AVE. 372-1189 J 0 whf r 

PAGE 7

The problems and potentials of co-operative education will be aired in a tri-interest study period April 14-15 at UF. Indthe current series, this is the fourth annual Southeastern Regional and State of Florida Cooperative Education Conference. Registratons for the two-day meeting have come from as far as Massachusettes and California. Mrs. Dixie Tedder, co-op coordinator for the College of Engineering, said Wednesday advance registration is not necessary for the conference, open to all interested students, employers and educators. Participating speakers are university and industrial specialists in the field of cooperative education from Florida, Georgia, Alabama and 'Virginia1. At UF co-op education is available to students only through the College of Engineering. More than 90 employers in Florida participate, Minifestival Set May 17 A '"Minifestival", including oil and mixed painting, water colors, sculpture, graphics, photography and other works of art will be exhibited May 17 on the Reitz Union Colonnade. The exhibit, sponsored by Omicron Delta Kappa, will include a $15 cash award for the most imaginative display. Contestants will be provided tables, hanging space and chairs for their entries. Entry fee is $3. For further information artists should contact Derek Donley, in Rm. 129 Tigert Hall. including chemical firms, aircraft manufacturer, power producers and space-related industries. The opportunity to study and work in alternate periods gives the student a major financial assist, Mrs. Tedder said. "The first thing that attracts a student to co-op is the financial aid," she said. "But once they get on the program and realize how much more training they have received, and how much more meaningful their studies are when they come back to campus, money becomes a minor part of it." Conference registration opens at 7 p.m. April 13, at the University Inn. Sessions begin April 14 at 8:30 a.m. at the Reitz Union, moving to the University Inn April 15. For information, contact Mrs. Tedder at 308 Engineering and Industries Building. Episcopal Holy Week Services CHAPEL OF THE jMff INCARNATION 1522 W. UN IV. AVE.I Maundy Good Thursday Friday at a pm at spm Holy Littany & communion Meditation Easter Sunday ate8 & 1 1 am Communion & Sermon Red Tape Stalls Chime Servicing A purchasing order for academic and school songs. servicing and reparis on the Administrators in the Century Tower chimes was Department of Music report the temporarily held up in the UF's necessary purchasing order had purchasing office until this week beeen sent to the office of the resulting in a shortedelay in the Purchasing Division on March 5. restartmg of regulated playing of However, since the total amount of reparis would cost Broadcasters more than $500the actual cost of repairs is about $940 -the purchasing office Sponsor Da y put the repairs up for bids. "We hadn't noted on the The Florida Association of invoice that there is only one Broadcasting will sponsor its company that could possibly 11th annual Broadcasting take care of nay repairs of the Day, April 14. chimes," said UF Carilloneur UF's Dean of the College Willis Bodine. of Journalism, John Paul 'They apparently didn't Jones Will present the realize this until we checked welcoming address during the with the office this past Monday first session at 7:05 a.m. M to find out why we hadn't the Reitz Union. gotten back out copy of the During Monday's luncheon, invoice. Stephen B. Labrinski, Io. president of NBC radio I would hope they should network will be guest speaker. have sent it out by now. After Liz Trotta, television's first all, it is not practical to wait 30 full-time woman war or 45 days for bids when there is correspondent, will speak at only one that could possibly the F. A.B. annual banquet. come in, he said. Entertainment will be Once he arrives, Bodine C provided by UF Men's Glee indicated, repairs would not be CENTURY TOWER Club. long in coming. .still silent Co-Op Education Problems, Potentials AiredApril14-15 Pi Kappa Phi INVITES YOU TO: Thurs. April 3 -Dinner -5:30 p.m. Fri. April 4 -Dinner -5:30 p.m. Movie -7:00 p.m. Sat. April 5 -Lunch -12:00 p.m. Baseball Game -1: 00 p.m. Dinner5: 00 p.m. Party -9: 00 p.m. Sun. April 6 -Bar-B-Q1:00 p.m. Mon.-Thurs. April 7-10 -OPEN HOUSE WHERE IT'S HAPPENING! In Appreciation of Our Many Costomers and Friends You Are Invited to Attend Our THURSDAY, APRIL 3 -FRIDAY, APRIL 4 -SATURDAY APRIL 5 -MONDAY, APRIL 7 Every item in the store will be sold at OFF REGULAR PRICE For The Finest In Diamonds DOES NOT INCLUDE CLASS RING DEPT. 8 South Main Street ML Thursday, April 3, 1969, The FlorId. ANigmeer, Pags7 Heart Association Warns Fat Eaters Americans eat too much saturated fat, says the American Heart Association, and it is warning them to cut down. Studies of the eating habits of men and women show about 40 to 45 per cent of their calories come from fat, which is mostly saturated, each day. In an eight-month campaign lasting through Dec. 1969 the Florida Heart Associations are publicizing the warning and launching a series of education programs to help prevent heart disease. They are starting off with diet as one of the more important factors in the prevention of heart attacks. Underlying most heart attacks is coronary atherosclerosis. In this condition, the arteries carrying blood to the heart are roughened and narrowed by fatty deposits which obstruct the free flowing of the blood. When the arteries to the brain are affected in the same way, strokes become the dangerous possibility. It has been demonstrated that a habitual, conscientious diet can decrease, and maintain a lower level of cholesterol and other fats in most persons. The heart associations give a few simple rules for the normal population: Decrease the intake of saturated fats (in most animal and hydrogenated vegetable products). Eat lean beef, chicken, and fish or veal rather than marbled beef, lamb, pork, ham or eggs. Dairy products and rich desserts are high in cholesterol, and should also be avoided. Drink skim milk instead of whole milk. #, Over half of the deaths of Floridians in 1967 were caused by heart and blood vessel diseases, and Florida is one of the second-ranking areas with a high disease rate due to heart diseases, the Florida Heart Associations warn. LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS rm PAINTING FOR FUN no.88 0 IM STARTS TUES. APRIL 15th ROOM G-4 UNION Z 0 7:30PM .j 0 Preregister Room 310 Union 392-1655 0 EE isESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LEEd ( I ro 

PAGE 8

Page 8, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 3, 1969 The Florida Alligator "The price of freedom -~ is the exercise of responsibility." Harold Aldrich Editor-In-Chief Dave Doucette Managing Editor Raul Ramirez Glenn Fake Expcutiv ECisor News Editor -Perhaps the greatest error in the thinking of many radicals at the UF is what could be called the "now"~ syndrome The radical viewpoint recognizes basic deficiencies in the current way of doing things -the status quo, if you will -and wants immediate correction. Such an attitude has charaterized the American radical movement since its inception 250 years ago. But it has become particularly obvious during the black civil rights movement. The classic argument for radical change of America's policies of racial discrimination -which cannot be denied as being grossly wrong -has been that since black Americans have been in bondage in one form or another since they were brought to America by force 300 years ago, they are tired of waiting for freedom. As the movement has become more radically-oriented, particularly after the decline in influence of non-violent moderates like Martin Luther King, the demand for "Freedom Now" became increasingly popular. It gave birth to the Black Power movement. The "why" behind black militancy is obvious. Blacks are tired of waiting. They want change -radical change -and they want it now. The growth of the radical student movement on American campuses had the civil rights crusade as its base. It adopted the "now" syndrome. The error of the syndrome is its lack of contact with reality, its almost total lack of understanding of how change is wrought in a democratic society. It is very noble, indeed, to philosophize that true democracy exists when institutions are controlled by the people who know them best, the people who live and work in them. By itself, this is a desirable goal, and could probably be described as the umbrella concept of radical thought in America. The real problem 15 presented when implementation of these realistic andsdesirable goals is attempted through unrealistic and undesirable means. The concept of implementation "now" is unrealistic and directly against the grain of American democratic tradition. Change must be done slowly when it has major significance to a large number of people for the simple reason that all sides must be freely aired and analyzed. From the clash and intermeshing occurring in a free marketplace of ideas generally come the policies which offer the greatest good for the greatest number. The method is persuasion not demand. But persuading the elements of power (whether power is viewed as being a majority of the people or as a minority which controls large blocks of economic resources) is not, never has been and never will be, the fastest of methods. The alternative, though, is repugnant to those who believe that the American system, for all its many imperfections and injustices, is basically a good way of life, if not the best. The alternative, regardless of the structural form it takes, is called dictatorship. Much of the radical viewpoint is relevant. Radicals are necessary to our society, for they show us our errors, our shortcomings. But if the radical movement is ever to be the EFFECTIVE force for constructive change it shoudl be, then its adherents must learn how to use the machinery of change in America. They must join the "Establishment" and demonstrate an earnest but patient desire to weed out the bad and cultivate the good, without making the "Establishment" fear its very existence in the process. --The Fifth Column Beautiful Downtown Gainesville By Jas He said that he had heard that the advertisements were going to run -trying to tie him in with "radical" professors at the University, implying that he was the "minority" candidate, (even though he led all five candidates in the first primary and missed getting a majority by less than 200 votes) -he knew the subtle racist push was on. But he was still disappointed. A self-described "eternal optimist" (the young black militants had long since dismissed him a a Tom) he had hoped that Ginesville politics had finally risen above that. He was particularly amazed that his opponent's backers were willing to spend $800 for a full page ananymous ad in the local paper on the pretext of encouraging local citizens to vote in the run-off election and yet there were these big pictures; Neil Butler is black, Y'see, and good ol' Windy why he's white. In other words, go by the tried and true formula, play up his blackness, emphasize his "minority" background and count on the fact that the voters of this town still "aren't ready yet." In fact, Neil Butler was by far the better qualified candidate and was not running as the Black Man's candidate. Rather, he was running, as he put it, "for the city." He had been raised in Gainesville, spent his life here, and funniest thing, he had this special feeling for his home town just like white people have. We talked for about two hours and his manner was best described as earnest. One left with the impression that he really cared about the city, that he knew that the problems were and that he didn't kid himself about how much could be accomplished. One of the group remarked that it was interesting that so many of the white young people are dropping out because of their disenchantment and yet this black man still had enough faith in our established political processes to offer himself as a candidate. So election day came ad went and Neil Butler won handily, by over 800 votes. He had mentioned that he didn't just want to win, rather he wanted to win "big", he felt a large vote would put to an end the type of subtle racism we saw in this campaign. So he wins and everybody smiles and says that Gainesville really a progressive town and bygod, the people in this town don't care about a man's color. Huh. The same day Gainesville was electing Neil Butler as a City Commissioneer, the Municipal Court of the City of Gainesville was in session. A few of us went down to watch a particular case, and while we were waiting we went in to watch the general proceedings. There was a young girl, a young white girl, who had been convicted of shoplifting at Maas Brothers. Before the judge sentenced her he carried on a very quiet conversation with the girl and her mother. One was able to hear the judge ask the girl what her daddy did. Soon fn Straightafter, with fatherly smile and a dressect in plainclothes) then gentle admonishment, he grabbed her by the arm and told suspended sentence. her that if she didn't quiet down Two cases later a black girl he would arrest her. She told was up on ac .pf diswrerly him to let go of her arm and tbnduct. She .' des when he didn't she swung her Brothers with two PH friends, purse at him. and the security officer of the So now she's standing there store decided to follow them. with a blank look on her face, After being followed for about waiting on the Man's justice. fifteen minutes the girl asked And she got it. A thirty-five him if he could help her. He dollar fine and 12 days in jail. allowed as to the fact that he Later on that same night a couldn't but he'd be glad to get few of us are over at the Red a salesgirl. Kettle on fifth avenue At this point the girl got the celebrating Neil Butler's victory picture and promptly blew up. with the campaign workers and She told him to quit following everyone's talking about how it's her around, that she wasn't a a new dawning here in dog, and had just as much of a Gainesville and I keep thinking right to be in the store as anyone of that girl standing there else. The officer (who was knowing what's coming. The Florida Alligator Published by students of the Univ.rsfty of Florida under the aulPices of the Board of Student Publications. EdItorig, Buuine Advertising offices n e 330. Rdl UninPhtw 3W-1t, 392-12 or 3632-1683. "opinions expressed in the Florida MAMWsr am m@ie of MO-401"S or of the writer of the article and not timse at swmaumit-oferta." EDITORIAL UF Radicals Afflicted With tNow' Syndrome IL 

PAGE 9

F Speaking Out An Issue For SSOCJ By Steve Fahrer Thursday, April 3, 1969, The Florida Alligator, Page 9 PLAYGROUND The opinions expressed in this letter 'are my personal opinions and not necessarily the opinions of the members of SSOC and not the stated policy of SSOC. In regard to your editorial on April 2, 1969, you have successfully shown the students that you do not understand what the issues are nor do you understand what in fact "an issue" is. From the beginning the radicals have recognized that "the issue" is that our society is oppressive not free. What must be understood by all students is not only that our society is not free but how the university relates to the society, why the university is inherently oppressive, who it oppresses, and how it serves the military-industrial power elite of our country. There is a growing radical movement at the University of Florida. What is a movement? The movement is a movement through time and space, through tactics and ideologies. SSOC has served as a vehicle to transport people through these changes. How? Some understanding can be gained by following the recognition fight. The first step in recognition was applying for recognition through a student-faculty committee. The questions raised were "Do other students have the power (not the right) to deny other students access to university facilities?" and "Are there meaningful channels to go through at the University of Florida?" The committee voted 54 in favor of SSOC. The next step was a reversal of the decisions by Dean Hale followed by the denial of recognition by Stephen O'Connell. The question of whether there are effective and legitimate channels at the Unviersity of Florida was no longer an issue because there were none. The decision by the committee was completely ignored. There was one source of power within our isolated university community -_. The President's Office. Therefore a new issue arose. That issue was not freedom of speech (we do not have that freedom), not freedom of assembly (that freedom has been altered by the Greenman Resolution), and not recognition of SSOC. The new issue was the authoritarian structure of our university. At the same time there was a movement through tactics. At first verbal tactics were tried as rallies, meetings and newspaper support. All of this failed to give recognition. SSOC escalated its tactics and marched into Tigert Hall 200 strong. That tactic moved student government and all student organizations to action. But just as important, after 6 months of inaction, the unrest on this campus moved the Board of Regents to meet with Student Government President Clyde Taylor within 24 hours. All the talk did nothing but the positive action of two-hundred students risking arrest and suspension moved the Board of Regents. -This led to the final step of the recognition process. The authority was taken out of O'Cotiell's hands by the Board of Regents. President O'Connell is powerless. He is oppressor and oppressed. He is not a President with power bus a policeman. President O'Connellis a police n enforcing decisions of the Board of Regents and his beat is the Unviersity of Florida. At the same time ttiss realization took place another realization took place. The student power movement is a dead end. The university is not isolated in Gainesville. The university is part of an oppresive society. The members of the Board of Regents were found to represent business interests of the State of Florida. Regents were members of the Boards of Directors of banks, corporations and influential law firms. What should be the goal of the movement at the University of Florida? It should not be to take over the University of Florida and isolate it from the rest of society. The goal should be to wrest the control away from those who oppress the students and the people of the state not only in terms of students status but also in terms of the war in Vietnam, the ghettos in Florida, the farmers in rural Florida and the migrant workers. As students we should not be working to control an institution so we may have voluntary attendance, the ability 0 drop classes at any time or a sterile academic freedom. We should be working to end the war by refusing to allow the registrar to comply with draft boards and ending research done at this school in chemical and biological warfare. We should fight racism by demanding black professors and more black students and stopping university business with business' that discriminate in any form. We should aid poor whites in the state by establishing a progressive tuition and low income housing. We must transform our university into an institution that will benefit all the people and not just a small class of opressors. A free university can never exist in the absence of a free society. FLORIDAL March On Easter To Reaffirm Peace MR. EDITOR: The following is an open letter to the university and Gainesville communities: Brothers, The war in Vietnam has gone on too long. The total dead now exceeds the number killed in any war the United States has engaged in except World Wars I and 1I and the Civil War. The politicians tell us they are negotiating for peace (far from the battlefield). They now say they must negotiate in "secret." In other words, they are stalling while the war machine continues to grow, killing our sons and brothers and eroding our freedoms. Even certain concerned Senators and Congressmen, led by Senators McGovern and Kennedy, are now forming a committee to try and stop the cancerous growth of the military. This weekend has special significance. It is Easter Sunday, commemorating the triumph of the Prince of Peace. It is also the anniversary of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, martyr of the Black People and advocate of peace. To commemorate this day, students of the university, veterans and servicemen, and citizens of Gainesville are invited to fulfill their obligation to peace and march with us from the Plaza of the Americas to the Federal Building. At 11 a.m. people will begin gathering in the Plaza and entertainment will be provided until 1 p.m. when we will begin marching down University Avenue to the county courthouse and then to the Federal Building. Our march will be one of more than 40 throughout the nation. Our theme is two fold: 1. Bring the troops home. End the war in Vietnam. 2. Remembrance of Martin Luther King. Our moto is: "To remind .America of the urgency of now." (Martin Luther King) Join with the community and help us reaffirm Peace on April 6. JIM COOK JIM FINE JOHN F. SUGG JOE A. DAVID FOR THE SIXTH OF APRIL COMMITTEE United We Solve Problems--Divided We Fail MR. EDITOR: The torn-ness of the campus at the close of last quarter is indeed cause for deep concern. The possible fracturing of what is called a unity in pursuit of education cannot help but stir even the most apathetic; however, it is regrettable that so much of the conflict has centered on individuals. It seems unfair and uncalled for to attack the personhoodof President O'Connell, Chairman, Kibler, or Prefessor Megill. They are after all holders of office and are carrying out their duties to the best of their ability and with the best intentions; thus, the personal attacks are unkind and unwarranted.It must be evident to all by this time that recognition of the local SSOC group is not the main issue but a part of a much greater issue. If this is true, what then is the issue? Could it be that we all -students, university administrators, faculty, SSOC and leaders on all levels from local on up -can scarcely keep up with the vast problems we confront, much less solve them with assorted groups that seem to be continually at odds. Is there not some way to confront the central' issues of our times together and stop the war between us? Can, we not combine our idealism and vigor and social conscience with the experience and wisdom of the older generation to combat the common enemies of war, poverty, urban problems, injustices and rascism? The hour is too late and the conswquences too great for idle bickering and senseless name-calling. This can only lead to greater divison and violence. Therefore, let our plea for greater understanding' be heard. There aren't really two sides involved; we are all in it together. It is apparent that new approaches to meeting the needs of our world will have to be found. It also-seenms-apparent that wercould find them better if together we start attacking the problems and stop attacking each other. LARRY CUTHILL PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY RELIGIOUS. ASSOCIATION 

PAGE 10

Page 10, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 3,1969 Ike Buried In A GI Coffin Along The Chisholm Trail A B I L E N E K a n ( 1 P I) -Dwight David I senhower, dressed in the tan tuic he wore during World War 11, was buried Wednesday in his little Kansas prairie hometown oi the old Chisholm Trail that scnt him forth to conquer con-tinents and lead half the world. "The march of another soldier is ended. His battles are bought and won and he lies down to rest awhile to await the bugle's call," retired Army Chaplain Maj. Gen. Luther Miller whispered cver the $80 GI coffin of the man who led the greatest armies of history in World Iar II. Then three riflemen cracked a three-gun salute of farewell to America's 34th President, five-star general, hero and friend. A bugler at attention blew the long, sad tones of "Taps" Black Panthers Arrested In Easter Bombing Plot NEW YORK (UPI) -Police uncovered Wednesday a plot to dynamite bomb five of Manhattan's biggest department stores during i ie Easter shopping crush and arrested 11 of 21 suspect& described as members of the Black Panther party. Manhattan District Attorney Frank S. Hogan said the plot was designed to destroy the "power structure" of the White community. Hogan said one of those arrested was Robert Collier, onetime leader of the leftist Revolutionary Action Movement, who recently served 21 months in federal prison for a 1965 conspiracy to blow up the Washington Monument, the Statue of liberty and Philadelphia's Liberty Bell. The target stores were identified by Hogan as Macy's, Bloomingdale's, E. J. Korvette, Alecander's, and Abercrombie & Fitch. He said the plotters also planned to dynamite bomb a Bronx police station and six sections of the Penn-Central New Haven Railroad between upper Manhattan and the predominantly white suburbs. I logan said of the 21 indicted men, eight are sti at large and two a re serving jail sentences in Newark on robbery charges. lie said the plot involved planting explosives at various locations and coordinating fun fire to accompany the blasts. The target date was believed to be Thursday. and the body of the man called Ike was lowered into a cement vault beneath the floor of a simple chapel in downtown Abilene among his own kind of prairie people. "Well done, good and faithful servant," another preacher said proudly over the gunmetal gray casket, the same as those which contain the bodies of servicemen and women around the world who fell while serving with him at war. A chill, brisk wind whipped the tiny American flags clutched by many of the estimated 10,000 mourners who lined the streets of the town that gave Eisenhower to West Point in 1911 and sent him toward his place in history. "As had been said of Lincoln, it can now be said of Dwight Eisenhower -he belongs to the ages," said the Rev. Dean Miller, a California minister from the Palm Desert winter home of Ike. Grief and fatigue visibly threatened to overwhelm Eisenhower's gallant widow, Mamie as she followed her husband's body to the end of its journey. President Richard M. Nixon, Eisenhower's leading statesman-student, led the famous who mingled with the unknown on the funeral procession that carried Ike finally home. UPI N E W S Well-Supported Infantrymen Fight Back Cong Attacks SAIGON (UPI) -American infantrymen standing fast behind sheets of support fire from artillery and aircraft hurled back a Communist charge 25 miles northwest of Saigon early Wednesday and reported killing 49 Reds in a two-hour battle. No U.S. casualties were reported in the jungle fight near Trang Pang, but Saigon headquarters said Communist gunners shot down two helicopters on other war fronts, killing three Americans and wounding 11. In the Mekong Delta south of Saigon, U.S. Army Maj. Gen. Julian J. Ewell said allied troops had battered Communist forces in the rice bowl area to the point where they were simply strugling to survive. "We have beaten the enemy at such a steady rate that he has been forced to concentrate merely on staying alive," Ewell said. The battle near Trang Bang began at 1 a.m. when a force of about 130 Communists followed up a mortar barrage on the night camp of a company of about 150-175 men of the U.S. 25th Infantry Division's 2nd Brigade. EASTER Hunt find the golden eggs hidden aroUnd the UNION~p" zes inside starts friday until Cl are found. FIND YOUR PLACE IN A FLORIDA FRATERNITY. "Rake' in the rewards of being a Greek RUSH is going on NOW 

PAGE 11

Rathskeller Plans Program Change The Rathskeller should prove a bit different as it enters its second term in operation, embodying changes inspired by customer suggestions and the scrutiny of those who've run the program. According to its public relations chairman Eric Williams, the Rathskeller will display additions to its decor, more audience participation and a new format for entertainment. "We've had suggestions and a few complaints that cover everything you can imagine," said Williams. "We've had requests from making the fraulein's skirts shorter to bringing Frank Sinatra in to build up our business. The skirts are the fraulein's decision and Sinatra is a little out of our price range." This quarter there will be no entertainment charge on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday nights. "Of course that means no special entertainment either," Williams noted, "it will be more of a get together type thing. The first three days of the week will feature different 'nights' college night, dorm night and greek night. Seperate colleges, dorms and fraternities and sororities will be honored each week special discounts on beverage and snacks. Each group can provide its own entertainment or just get together for the evening. We'd like to see the groups put on skits, find performers and really have a ball," Williams said. The few changes in the decor include using table cloths and candles on tables in the evening, and new mugs with a Rathskeller crest now on order. According to Williams, TGIF, or "happy hour," on Friday afternoons will be a big thing V E T E R A N S Be a commercial pilot NEW G. I. Bill pays for Flight Training -Call CASSELS IN THE AIR Area's only approved school 378-2646 ACOS this quarter. "We had some big crowds the last few Fridays of last quarter. For a while I didn't think we had any ole-time beer drinkers on campus. It just took time for the word to get around I guess," he said. .The major entertainment this quarter will be on Thursday, Friday and Saturday .nights. "That's when we get our biggest crowds," Williams said, "our date crowd, married students and faculty." One of the major acts this quarter will be a Father's-Mustache-type band. "We want more audience participation performers. Sing-alongs and that type thing," he said. GATOR GRAS TUG-OF-WAR Members of Phi Delta Theta and Sigma Chi fraternities practice for the tug-of-war contest that will be featured during Gator Gras April 10-12. FOR THE PRICE OF 2sMr "Melody Tape" 3" 169 225' 1.0 mil .60 7" 166 1200' 1.5 mil 1.88 7" 169 1800' 1.0mil 2.68 "Acetate Tapes" 3" 111LL 150' 1.5mil .90 7" 111 1200' 1.5 mil 3.50 (ONE Coupon Per Customer) I 3 For 2 Sale "Cassettes" c-60 album 3.09 c-90 album 4.65 c-120 album 5.34 "Polyester Tapes" 3" 200L L 300' .5mil 1.85 3" 290LL 600' .5mil 2.95 7" 150 1800' 1.0 mil 6.20 I OFFER GOOD Thur., Fri., Sat. "Available At Two Convenient Locations" Campus Book Store (The Hub) & COUCH'SInc. 60N. Main--mU Thurndv. ANI3, IS, The Florida AUimfr.P 11 Buy two rolls of any tape listed and get the third. roll FREE with the coupon at the bottom of the page SELL IL "MMUMIAlounuatJOINA I L 

PAGE 12

1 Pawe 12, The Florkda Alligator, Thursday, April 3, 1969 S A VE S T 118 WEBER covered BAR-B-QUE. KETTLES I ONE IN EACH WINN-DIXIE 0000 Ro DRAWING SAT. APRIL 12th .m g;E V KING SIZ D KING 51 D1 PINERREI El 12-oo. CRA (o I%-Lb. DIXI Bri DIXIE DARI Ro DIXIE DARI Ho f -STOC K DO R SALE NOW _LA )ALL STORES -Bottle DEL MONTE KING SIZE CLOSED 20.o .BtleDL-EASTER TU AA CATIUPSUNDAY Na. Y2 Can DEL MONTE FORTUNA FISH 4/1 --Lb Ca ALL GRINDS blmit I Coffee of Choice /$5. or more purchase Exclud. Ciga MTECSASTOR COFFE E39# Green Beans 5/$i. FOLGERS COFFEE 49N. 303 Can DEL MONTE CS OR -GOLD MEDAL PLAIN & S.R. (mit one with $5.00 or more purchase excluding cigareres) ..TRC ~ No 30 Coo DEL MOTESWEET -FLOUR .**** 5 49 No 303 G10 DEL MONTE SUCED -L VORS CND pens~ -CHEK DRINKS'15/$j* --an--0 y R O f t Rrs d -PriosGOd All Week Wed. noon thru Wed. noon April 3.9 SALE LLAR E ARROW (Limit one detergent your choice /$5.00 or more purchoos excluding cigarettes) ETERGENT.89 CoeLsMO40VorL 3 1 EZ RAE "A'FRESH FLA. AL WHITE MEDIUM D Z G5.s.$. 2 DOsZ 89 Peaches CR10 re Pr LADES -46-00DEL ONTE PINEAPPLE GAE Nylon Hose 6-aFuDrELk 1 l okes. /$-Nlo~n Hose39'o. 33 ConDEL MONTE STEWED .51 AE DARLING SANDWICH 75C. VANITY FAIR 3Ply DINNER 9 4 $nDLMOT TEE ead. .R,2/494 Napkins.39 g LING FRENCH HARD 2Roll Pk AURORA BATHROOM aNo 303 Can DEL MONTE $ ll.2/394 Tissue.5*/$I. O ney Buns 29' Mayonnaise 591 SPill bW55 DRAWING I 0 

PAGE 13

ThuNd. .April 3,1969, The Florida Aligator, Pag 13 SA-E I~t~iF;> t W-C Bot Cal OLD FAS Da 4 LA R12-oz.B.M.G. TO Orange Nip2/79' gFry MORTON ALL FLAVORS XCream Pies3/$1. [I No Ir i1I edkI BANQUET COOKING BAG MEAT JENS SAUSAG8.CHEESE PZZA Items.4/$1. Pies.6 ON PACK PE E 4.A.nTS Er A F5" Shells 3/$I. Sticbo.694 D BRAND USDA CHOICE 4ELESS FULL CUT ROUND itei SWIFT'S k PREMIUM -IettesC. Cem Cheese.37 COOKED CANNED REN'S 9W& TEN* 10-OW CRACLEGOOD E A &2? S 99 n Biscuits.2/27' Can Bicuits.6/49 IIVAI AD COTTAGE 3-Lb. SUNNYLAND BREAKFAST LINK e se.2 CUP 59 Sausage.$1.99 -L-. SWIFT PREMIUM ALL MEAT FRESH TON WISCON i.AOSCARE lBRAUNSCWGEB OR .FRANKS.65' PORK STEAKS LB 590 lisy Cheese.,. 791 S n .Spre d. .431Wi-TE THICK SICED aUSDA G-AO.EOWAARMOURG O1d.Sar-ad g -SBACON.2 Ls $1.35 TURKEY.L49 FRESH PORK SHOULDER t& JENNIEED GRADE A BONELESS TURKEY PICNICSR.BRR 3 L9'ROAST.$1.9 H .rW6I. FRESH 4 TASTE a'SEA BONELESS FLOUNDER Wi.sPORK HAMS. K.59' FISH FILLETS. 49' -EFRESH PORK BOSTON BUTT 2%Lb. FRENCH FRIED HEAT A SEE SPORK ROAST.L49' FISH STICKS.99 GUNItyF Rlight.R d -PrimGood AN Wk Wd. noon thrWed. .m.AprB SR OCOMA CHICKN EEF OR TURKEY MEAT MEAT DINNERS. 3/$1. HJ GIEK. THRIFTY MAID -Poly BS DIXIANA MIXED VEGETABLES. GR. PEAS, GR. BEANS, CUT CORN, BABY UMAS Or BLACKEYE PEAS.2 1. -Pi*t RICH COFFEE MRS rIHS APPLE, COCONUT /7.1 G. S N 49 -RICH 4/$1. PIES 2 1. .69 SKF HARVEST FRESH PRODUCE P W-'.-. .59 .DELICIOUS FRESH -ye s1108w.s t, 1PINTS$ 1 eeiFKancy Corn 10 EARS69 SWKNG IZEVLUES 10 Cdjww srg .ie IATRIE. LB d9ORAGE A: TENDE POLE U.S. 1 RUSSET RAKINGI(S-Lb.49 --AVGP ANS.2 I49' P ATOES 10 9o IROTS. 2 a25' FLOWER. EACH 494 -TAT OSA ERCH .53BLD WASHXINGTON STATE EXTRA FANCY WINESAP _AT S X 249RANES. A E TRAFALGAE LONDON lIONS.5I39'UCABBAGE.2 HEADS 394. P OSB I TNDRIA B GmU TE. .P -AN A--mITATOES.B RXB.APPLE.4 f 3 I TS 0I BE C F. mEa ol an- 

PAGE 14

GATO CL SSIF~bSUse our handy mail in order GATO CLA SIFIIDSform. Page 14, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 3, 1969 ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIED To order classifieds, use the form below. Fill in the boxes allowing 1 box for each letter, space and punctuation mark. Count 2 boxes for capital letters. Don't use hyphens at the end of a line (which contains 35 characters). Use additional form if more than 4 lines are required.Minimum charge is $1.00 for 4 lines. For each additional line, add $.25. Multiply the total by the number of da) s the ad is to run. Subtract the discount for consecutive insertions (if applicable*). Mail the ad, with remittance (check preferred) to: Alligator Classifieds, Room 330, Reitz Union, Gainesville, Florida, 32601. Deadline -3:00 pm. 2 days prior to starting day DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE n 0000 0000 0000t a 0 z M 3: m Inn ou 0 -I F 2 10:55 wiC fRR I [GSuggested For GENERAL Audiences INA BALN VICTOR FRENCH BARBARA WERE SOLOMON SURGES LYNN KELLOGG 4 Harry Caplan Charles Marqpis Warren "k F i F a Hugo Montenegre sio 11NIC0AAVIS'9 ES DE1361E MAURICE "C1hro!" sung by Ch No*sle on RCA Readns GARNER REYNOLDS RONET. .' Uk CO-FEATU RE! SHO 1" AT AN NOW! & WALT DISNEY TECHNICOLOR PANAVISION a; ENA VISTA DI RIBUTION OV-S ---Wvvg-s-lp T-1 FOR SALE RED DOBERMAN good lines excellent personalities 2 males 3 months old. Ideal for pet protection and show $100. 378-4665 after 5. (A-5t-107-p) 150cc Suzka, elec. start, new rubber, very reliable $250 -59 TR3, exc. mech, new rubber, $400. 378-7197, leave No. will call. (A-5t-106-P) Bell Helment with bubble, size 7-1/8, almost new; Hemmi bamboo duplex, slide rule with scales for simple calculating or mechanical engineers. Call 372-4944 in the evening. (A-3t-106-P) Adorable Siamese kittens, perfect for Easter, potty trained, males and female. Call 378-7638. (A-4t-106-P) 1968 Benetti 125cc Scrambler road and trail sprokets, must sacrifice, will take best offer. Call 378.2878. (A-3t-105-P) Zenith portable stereo in excellent condition. Must hear to believe $45. Call 372-6608. (A-3t-106-P) EGR 183 students -HAVE ALL THE INSTRUMENTS YOU NEED. Excellent condition reasonable price. Call David at 392-8936. (A-3t-106-P) 1968 G.E. 15 in. portable T.V. witn all accessories. Used only 6 months. $75. Call 378-2703 after 5p.m. (A-St-107-p) BMW-R69S 1968 excellent touring machine; six gal. tank, luggage rack. Call Pete 372-9307 $1350 or best offer. (A-2t-107=p) SURFBOARD -oceanside B-360, 7'8", excellent condition. $130 or make offer. Call 392-8028. (A-2t-107-p) 3 bedroom home, tile bath, fenced yard. Right party may name terms. $12,000, low down, 2101 N.W. 55th Tr. 378-6630. (A-2t-107-p) HONDA 330cc, Custimized $300. Excelent condition. Call 378-6810 or see Elmer at 115 N.W. 10th St. (A-5t-107-p) HONDA 350cc. nearly new perfect condition $550 plus free helmet. See Bob at 115 N.W. 10th St. (A-St-107-p) '61 VW in good running condition, good paint Job & good gas mileage, best offer; call Bob at 372-3044. (A-St-107-p) Engagement wedding ring set .2 karat white gold $85, Phillips tape recorder $45, console TV $35, small desk $15, Call Gary at 378-0589. (A-3t-107-p) FOR SALE Triumph, 1967, 500cc, Only 3500 miles, Perfect Condition, Call 376-4167 after 6P.M. (A.4t-105-P) 1 G.E. Television cabinet model. Good as new, $125.00. Enclosed in handsome case and sits on rollers. Florence Nelson, Ph. 392-1764. (A-4t-104-P) Piano: excellent condition and tone $200. 378-8482 aft. or eve. (A-2t-106-P) Honda 350, 2000 mi., perfect cond., $600. Call 372-7942 after 5:00. (A-3t-106-p) World Book Encyclopedia, 1960 edition. Like new condition. Call 376-0802. (B-3t-107-P) WOODED LOT across from University Golf Course, $4500. R. T. Poole, Rt. No 1, 9ox 1027, Apopka, Florida 32703 (A-5t-104-P) FOR RENT Peace and quiet is yours for the asking by living in one of our secluded luxurious one-bedroom furnished town house apartments. Only-5 minutes from the campus and medical center. $155 per month plus $35 for utilities. Call us now for an appointment to see them. Immediate occupancy. Ernest Tew Realty, In.c, Phone 376-6461. (B-22t-105-c) Unfurnish'ed duplex. Fireplace wall-wall carpeting kitchen complete garage quiet $100 514 S.W. 10th St. 378-0915. (B-107-3t-p) Tired of the rat race? lBdr. Apt to sublease. Air cond. & private patio. Quiet area. Call 372-8855. (B-5t-107-p) 8x38 furn. trailer, 2bdrm or 1 bdrm and study w/desk. 60.00 p/in, lot inciud. See at lot 19, Paradise Tr. Ct., 4546 NW 13th St. Couple preferred. (B-3t-107-P) Two private rooms for males. $30.00 per month, Inquire 225 SW 5th St. (B-lt-107-P) Need one female roommate for spring quarter in Gatortown Apt. $42.50 per mo. Call 372-1736. Two bedroom two baths, overlooking the pool. (B-4t-106-P) Furnished upstair apt. 2 br, air cond., wall to wall carpet. Call after 5:30 378-7845. (B-tf-107-C) FOR RNT Need 1 female roommate to share 2 bedroom apt. with three other girls. French Quarter Apt. 19. Call anytime 378-7037. 'B-3t-106-P) Private room -private entrance, 3 blocks from campus, maid service, $135/term, 115 NW 10th St., call 378-6810 (male students only). (B-5t-1074;) WANTED NEAR CAMPUS: need female roommate for very nice 2 bedroom duplex: $45 a mo. plus 1/3 utilities. Call 372-2048, after 6:00 p.m. tC.2t-104-P) _______ The single University crowd over 21 -For the Frilay afternoon club -will meet this and every Friday from 5-7:30 at the Lamplighter. Private rooms, pleasant atmosphere. Drinks $.45. Come early and bring your friends. (C-3t-106.P) Female to share small house behind NRM starting spring quarter, $45 mo. Call 378-5275 now, through finals and the break. Late at night perferable. (C-5t-106-P) A RR1 -B L with motor, magazines, & tripod. Also compatable 35mm sound recording system. Edwards, Apt. 302, 1225 SW first Ave. Top price!!l (C-5t-106-P) Female for spacious two bedroom apt. close to campus behind University City Bank. New furniture, $42 a month. 378-7879. 1118 apt. 4 NW 1st Place. (C-3t-106-P) YOU SAY-"HE STUCK HIS FINGER IN THE END OF YOUR WHAT?.' -14WIL-T -r -.4 -A --. In 

PAGE 15

*GATOR CLASSIFIEDS* Thursday, April 3, 1969, The Florida Alligator, Page 15 WANTED Ami 0 c female roommate spring and/or summer quarfers. Colonial 3E. t S5 per m of3I-021 st-hare in utities. 3 9 -2t-107-P) WANTED mature fun-loving person to shaic spring and/or summer 1x5l monileornc, 2 br, AC, cable TV, $5 + halt gas and elec, Call Johr 376-2757 between o53 and 63 p -1.31 107 01) Famale(s), modern 2 bedroom apt. in Olympia, AC. $70 for own r, option c brinn toesn 73rate block f ry ampus Cal 37-303 or 3--2,17. (C-3t-107-P) M3 t roorn teo fcr Obedrtom Summi -House Act. Pool, air cond. $67 raunthly. Immediate occupancy. Apt E-26. 378-6784. (C-t-106-P) Romate wanted:t i-oney can't buy tiauir-oness, but $55 per month makes a good tart Includes all utilities AC and phone. (Room 302) College Terrace Apts. 1225 SW First Ave. Call Dan at 3784532 after 4. (C-.t5-p) Arriflex BL, or ECLAR npr 16mm cine camera wanted. Also Nagra IIl aperecorder. Top price! Call Dan at 378-4532. (C-4f-t5p) One female roommate needed immediately for 2 bedroom French Quarter apt. Call 376-7706. (C-2t 106-P) Need roomies for 3 qtr. & sum. Furnished, nice, F. Quar. Apt. $25 mo. 378-7197 leave No. (C-5t-1oi-P) Room Wanted apt. 6 Fredric Garden Apt. $41 25 a mo. 378-5642. Pool, air conditioning. 'C-3t-107-P) Desperate! Need female roommate. Apt 45 Landmark. Two bedroom $45/month. Call 377-5809 anytime (C-3t-106-P) Female roommate wanted for spring quarter for Village Park Apartment Rent $37.95. Cali 378-7849 anytime. (C-3t-106-P) HELP WANTED LISTENERS WANTED: Will pay $1.50 for one hour session. Must bE native English apeak-o an-i ha normal hearing. Please cAl fMis Hardaway University ext. 2-2046 between 8 and 5 only for appointment. Can make up to $6.00. (E-15t-107-C) HELP WANTED -FEMALE. Full time position for experience! officeworker. Should be planning on being in Gainesville at least two years from date of hiring. Must be experienced in office work and must be able to work full time including approximately two nights a week and every other Saturday. Ideal working conditions, 5 day week. WILSON DEPARTMENT STORES, INC. 22 E. University Avenue. (E-10t106-C) WE DO NoI WANT MAGIC but a smart educated man can start career up to $6600 beginning salary. Company car or allowance for your car. Outside work, permanant with advancement program. Call Ed Simmons. Allied Personnell of Gainesville 1800 N. Main 376-4611. (E-5t-105-p) SECRETARIES Big Offices -Not so big too! LawInsurance-Businesses and financial. The best attainable pay for the job you want in the office you enjoy. Cal Paul Grimes -Allied Personnel of Gainesville. 1800 N. Main St. 376-4611. (E-5t-105-p) WANTED Secretary, must be experienced in shorthand, and typing. Salary commensurate with abiity. Call Parks M. Carmichael. Scruggs, Carmichael and Tomaison 376-5242, G'ville for interview. (E-5t-105-p) Male parttime help over 21. Apply Pizza Inn 316 SW 16th Ave. (E-t-06-P) OFFICE GIRLS to type, keep bookd, handle clients and payments. Pay according to your ability. Call Helen Sullivan at Allied Personnel at Gainesville 1800 N. Main St. 376-4611. (E-5t-105-p) FRESHMEN & SOPH: NEED to EARN MONEY this summer? The Southwestern Co. will interview college men this Thursday & Friday, April 3 & 4. See Placement Office JWRU Room G-22 for sign-up sheets. (E-5t-104-P) VW 65 with 68, 1500 engine, replaced 2 month ago $950 firm. Call at 378-7573. (G-5t-107-P) 1964 Volkswagen, great condition, newly rebuilt engine, radio, heat, $800. Call after 4:00, 378-4674. (G-2t-437-PY FALCON 63 2-dr sedan, one owner 1A trans-good tires, go rust. AUTOS T nw pain!,softtop ll_ a11 Pete 700 Cr, offer. excellent etc.Will only :e aro,_in:1 I weck! irco :uy a fun car! Only 6650.-CI-1 y 376-4765, 109 FQ. (G-31-t0o-H) 1959 PORSCHE CU D 1600. AM-FV radio, n-v .s000 firm. Call 378-374 6ft -600 p.m. (G-3,-07-P) PER SO N A L There is only 1 (ONE) day left for you to reserve your $315 seat to LONDON June 23-Aug. 25. Call 392-1655, Rm. 310 Reitz Union. (J-1t-107-P) Dee Sawyer will wake you up in time for class every morning. Simply dial 1390 -WUWU radio. Money back guarantee. (J-lt-107-P) If you lose a pet, car keys, or even a medallion, call the WUWU lost and found department. Dial 1390. We can find most anything. (J-1t-106-C) Experienced Script Writer(s): (Documentary style) Want to do a flick for the film festivals? Maybe we can work a deal. I put up equipment, filmstock and budget; you furnish the scripting. Call Dan at 3784a32. (J-5t-105-p) The Friday Afternoon Clut-for the University crowd over 2 -wil mec* this and every Fride -rr 7 a the Lamplighter. -roateI DM.S rieasant atmospo vt. r Came early and bring0 po (J-3t-106-P) air' woated to co-s. 372-7763 or corm. Frence Qt. (J-31-106-P) Dial 378-5600 and niear a taped message any time dBy o, night. Message changes each Aedveslay. Let Freedom Ring, 16 NW 7th Asp. (J-5f-104-P) Paid Political Ad -RinChair w)T1 L i r Ends Tonight tarts TOMORROW! "The Touchables"t aI 1"Deeply m ovi ng, fi IM I"-Archer Winsten, N. Y. Post qt0initelyone to see .-Ann Guarino, N.Y. Daily News "Explosive, revealing drama brought to the screen with extraordinary skills" -William Wolf, Cue "Brims with laughter and tears -N.wsA.y Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer presents -in Frank D. Gilroy's Pulitzer Prize winning Metrocolor Suggested for GENERAL audiences 0 a JckA ers -MartrnngS. m o o ao o a oo I LOST & FOUND Lost -Reward. University of Florida ring; gold with letters |X on blue Stone, with 1970 and BS on each side. Initials HAH inside; call 378-8580. (L-4t-106-P) LOST: Light brown purse on Univ. Ave. aldng the wall in front of the Grad Lbrary. Reward. 378-8080 or 225 SW 3 Ave., Apt 5. (L-2t-106-P) A SERVICES Alternators -Generators -Starters -Electrical systems tested repairs. Auto Electrical Service, 603 SE 2nd St. 3;8-7330. (M--aug-C) INCOME TAX $4 up. Expert service 2 locations to serve you: 1227 W. Univ. Ave. (across from Ramada Inn) & 107 N. Main St. 378-9666. (M-12t-104-P) NEED A PAINTER? Free estimates Professional Painting Interior and Exterior call after 5 or anytime on weekends 378-4855. (M-10t-105-p) Income Tax. Experienced tax specialist. Accuracy guaranteed. Call 392-1517 after 7:30 p.m. $3.00 and up. (M-5t-106-P) Tennis racket restringing satisfaction guaranteed. Free pick-up and deliver on an near campus. Call 378-2489. (M-19t-107-P) WEEKEND SPECIAL BOWLING 35CPer game 3 games$1.00 Sat. 9pm-6prn Sun. all day UNION GAMES AREA P-ebably the -mostI exitng THEY Ruf GOwALLTHE I WAY UP TOLL.and escue-or slence-I rem the I the captive Allied general who knows the sicrt author of "The GUNS 3 NAVARONE" dICE -I MichaelHordem STATION r ZERA"iG H! tl n. o tt dsna -Metas oor I ---------*. 1 .~ --, -Students only10% DISCOUNT on guns and ammo. Bring this and your student I.D.card -offer expires April 5 1969 Harry Beckwith Gun Dealer Micanopy,Fla Ph 466-3340 m -m Im or 0 -mmion -l m --m ---= m 3 Um* "'THE KILLING OF SISTER 2UeW.lveAve. GEORGE' LEAVES PRECIOUS LITTLE TO THE IMAGINATION IT'S CERTAINLY GOING I TO MAKE ITSELF FELT! I ;Ncriw York Daly Column 14OIF UNDER 17 

PAGE 16

The time was when te' "do not fold, spindle or mutilate" warning on IBM cards provided UF students with a new and unique release for frustration. No one gets the least relief from puncturing one of the tiny little IBM card holes with a pencil point anymore, however. IBM cards and computers are a normal and accepted part of collegiate existence. The fact is, some people say, those computers are doing a better job of servicing the UF community. Of course they aren't equipped to smile sympathically while rejecting your registration for the third time, but there are indications that they're making a real effort at showing some "human" concern for the 20,000 students they serve. Take what's happening at the Dr. Supports Pediatrics Dr. James R. Boulware, Lakeland pediatrician, and his wife, Katharine, have made a significant contribution to the UF undation Inc. in support of Department of Pediatrics pro. granis in the university's College of Medicine. The award was announced Tuesday by Fred Cantrell, dean of university relations and development and executive director of the foundation. The gift will be applied toward the development of facilities for thie fifth floor of the HIutm an Development Ce enter building Dr. Gerold Schiebler, professor and chairman of the Department of Pediatrics, in accepting tnhe contribution, said: "We are indeed grateful to Dr. and Mrs. Bsulware for Ileir award to t he Departmen t of Pediatrics. Dr. Boulware is one of tle most respected pediatricians of this stale. His support of Our program is testimony to his long-standing dedicatioit to the advancement of pediatrics and to the training of pediatri-ians for Florida's children. Dr. Boulware is a charter itember of the Florida Pediatric Society and one off the first Florida physicians to be certified by the American Board of Pediatrics. He has practiced in Lakeland since 1930. His son, James R. Blonlware Ill, is also a pediatrician in Lakeland, in partnership with his father. 'No Parking' Means That University police are cracking down on parking violations ol campus streets. Wednesday morning, four cars were towed away after being improperly parked in the west bound traffic lane on Radio Road and obstructing traffic in that area near The Towers, according to University police. Violators were charged for imporper parking and the towing fee amounting to a total of $10-i5 each. Placement and Career Planning Center as an example. For years Director Maurice Mayberry has been in the business of counseling and guiding students through their transition from college to careers. To do this he has had to depend ott the student to come to the Placement Office and fill out a qualification record to be kept on file and tiasured against the job requiretnents of b usiite s s, I indulstri-al, governmental and educational organizations seeking eiployecs. This year the cottputers S g o i n g to provide this information oi all students. "This talent bank," says Mayberry. will allow a complete search of the entire file of students arranged according to) major. Intshie past our offie Itas served front-50 to 60O percent o f UF graduating students. There's no reason this can't be 100 percent with the aid of the computer. of course, to anyone who is interested in the opportunity. "Witl this added service, says Mayberry, "our office cait offer the student maximtsusn exposure to all logical career opportunities." The Placenent and Career Planning Office continues to serve UF Alsumn i who may have been in the nirlrtairy or want to change theii employment. I I addition, many of tile colleges Within thie liivisity handle placement activities limited to their particular field. "We see oir role in tire U student's life as more than art etmployiment servIce," says Maybeiiy. "Our first concern is to help the student convert his abstract educational interests into the Irecal terms of a career." Mayberry encourages students to visit his office as early as their freshman year. "Early career counsellinIg cair eculip us ts help a student give directionit his entire efforts at t I e utn ive rsi ty .Prope rly coo rina t ed sIsIinmmer work, part-time, jobs, internships and interviews can all help tire student answer his iost I m p orIa i tilt it ate questions -w iamn',ewhlat can I do and whor is interested '111 nmc?" KING of the HILL BOWLING TOURNAMENT 2-5:30 PM Sat. &Sun., win trophies & free games for more info call REITZ UNION GAMES AREA Page 16, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 3, 1969 Computer 'Files' Aid UF Job Placement A REITZ UNION THEATRE SLLJ A N U S F IL MS P RE SE N TS T HE A RC T URU S COL LIECT I ON a collection of brilliant short films kem Cjnem by the directors of the 60's (& 70's) PROGRAM II G O D A R D C H R ISIMAR KE R B 0 R O W C Z Y K DICK LESTER P O L A N S K I B E C K E T T JORDAN BELSON T R U F F A U T M 0 G U B G U B 'AT THE SELLOUT PREMIERE AT LINCOLN CENTER'S PHILHARMONIC HALL THE CRITICS SAID: "Santa Claus Came 49 Weeks Early" "E-tremely Worthwhile An Excellent Cross-Section" "Like a Breath a Fresh Air Judith Crist, WORLD JOURNAL TRIBUNE CUE MAGAZINEC13S BOSTON GLO3E Concert of M. Kabal walerian Borowczyk, Poland APRIL 3, 4, 5, 6 THURS -5UN Al Boys Are Name' Patrick 3 shows daily: 6:00, 8:00, 10:00pm Ai Yoi Kurid, Japan Advance tickets available Act Without Words Guida Bettiol, France at Actua-Tilt Jean Herman, France Reitz Onion Box office Do-it-Yourself Cartoon Kit Bob Godfrey, England U The Games of Angeis alerian Borowczyk, Poland 75c Ydmission The Apple George Dunning, England The Most Richard Ballentine and Gordon Shepard, Canada If you saw PROGRAn/ I1, you don't want to miss PROGRAM ii11. If you didn't see PROGRAM 1, you still don't want to miss PROGRAM II. I I Shots Offered Fulltime student, recess iing desensitization injections for allergies may receive their injections at the Student Health Service without charge. Each student should bring his vaccine and instructions for dosages to the Infirmary in order to make arrangements for receiving the injections. This service will be provided every weekday from Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 11:30 axm. and 1 p.m. to 4:15 .p. 5 .........-.:-.:--::-:: .:-----------------.------. --A BROILER CALVES LIVER & QiNIONS FRIED SHRIMP WITH FRENCH FRIES HOT SLAW & HUSH PUPPIES MORRISON'S CAFETERIAS GAINESVILLE MALL mmn/ F 0 

PAGE 17

By ALLIGATOR SERVICES Disorders on the American college campus pose no danger to the country, a leading psychiatrist said recently, even though he sees similarities between current cases of campus upheaval and student unrest in pre-Hitler Germany. But while Bruno Bettleheim, a Jewish psychiatrist imprisoned by the Nazis, was reporting to the House Education Committee in Washington,eupheavals continued on several college campuses, including the University of Miami and Pennsylvania State University. At Miami demonstrating students briefly took over a women's rest room as some 320 black and white protestors demanded that a Negro student be permitted to return to classes. Merlin Curry, the central figure in the protest, was charged with raping a white coed in his dormitory room in January. He spent more than a month in jail before charges were dropped when the alleged victim refused to testify against hin. Protestors charged racial discrimination in the case. However, school officials denied the charges and said Currey could not be reinstated immediately because he missed the Spring registration deadline. He must also make up the work he missed while in jail, they said. A federal labor mediator was invited to the Penn State campus to experiment in solving campus disputes through mediation. Theodore W. Kheel is due to arrive on campus today at the university, which was the site of several student demonstrations the past few months. Chief among student demands were an Computer Courses Offered Programming courses in the computer languages of COBOL, Fortran, PL-1, and IBM 1401 Autocoder are being offered this quarter by the UF Computing Center. There is also a course in advanced p r o gramming techniques. These courses are all non-credit open to students, staff, faculty and the general public. Enrollment in all courses is by attendance. Previous programming experience and some familiarity with Fortran IV are required for the advanced programming techniques course. It will meet Thursdays from 2:30 to 3:30 p.m. in Room 230 of the Bryant Space Sciences Research Building starting April 10. The instructor for all of these courses will be Carolyn J. Canney. Texts may be purchased in the Campus Bookstore at the Hub. Interested students with any further questions should contact Frank Towers, room 233 of the Bryant Space Sciences Research Building, or phone 392-2061. Scabbard & Blade Rush April 10, 15 Scabbard and Blade Rush, next Thursday, April 15, will be held for advanced Air Force and Army ROTC cadets. Interested cadets can attend the smokers from 6:30-8:30 pm wearing khaki's in Army room 107 of the ROTC building. Besides firing the Civil War cannon, SBBS cadets serve on such community interest projects as the blood drive, adoption of a unit in Vietnam, high school military service orientation program and sponsorship of the Military Ball, May 3. Concert Set For Monday The Concordia Singers of Concordia College in Seward, Neb., will present a concert at the First Lutheran Church Monday night at 7:45. The concert varies from a Bach Easter oratorio to works of modem folk song. The program will also include a special Bach chorale accompanied by a triangle, cymbals, wood blocks, and tambourine. The singers, under the direction of Wesley Broderius, consist of 24 Concordia students who musically express songs from the Lutheran heritage in contemporary style. The public is invited to attend. First Luthern is located at 1801 N.W. 5th Avenue. Miller-Brown -ONE MILE NORTH OF THE MALL A UTHORIZED 376-4562 DEALER D e d i c a t e d t o t h e dissemination of intelligence information concerning military requirements of our nation, the society is a national organization with 107,000 actives. Founded at Florida in 1920, H Company, Second Regiment, has 38 actives. ACADEMILO By DEE DEE HORN Alligator Staff Writer Students and faculty have brought honor to the departments of building construction, art, and sociology by receiving a large number of grants and awards. Frederick W. Burger, 5AR, received $150 for academic -excellence from the National Association of Homebuilders Scholarship Foundation, Inc., of Washington, D.C. Gerald A. Presher,4AR, for academic excellence, won a $150 scholarship from the Bechtel Corporation. Sigma Lambda Chi awarded $50 scholarships to Burger, for the highest grade point average in the department, and to O.J. Knox, 4AR, for the student showing the most improvement. In the Department of Art the rewards are in fame, not money. Douglas Prince, instructor of photography, won top honors with his entries in the 10th Annual Winter Park Art Festival. He was awarded the top prize for the best in the photography category and for the best work in the entire show. Robert Skelley and Ronald Kraver, both professors, each won purchase awards. Skelley's was for his woodcut entered in the College of Pacific Annual Print Exhibition. Kraver had a print entered in American Graphics 1969, University of the Pacific. Two sociology department members received stipends from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.Dr. Wilbur Bock and Dr. Sugiyama lutaka will be working on "Participation and Evaluation of Scientist-Professors on NASA Projects." increase in black student But Bettleheim said that enrollment and more student although the rebellious students voting representation in the posed a threat to their University Senate, composed of universities, he did not consider faculty members and a few them a danger to the country as non-voting students. a whole. Local Poets Present, Discuss Own Works A unique program of poetry for the UF will be presented today during eighth period in the Reitz Union as part of The Language and Literature Club's poetry presentation-discussion series. The program will allow local poets to present their works for those interested. "It is a rare occasion to have the poet himself discuss his own work and it should prove very interesting," said program coordinator Prof. James Highsmith. Previously the discussions have been led by professors or graduate students and have centered around well-known poets. Participating in the presentation will be Peter Lisca, E. Ochester, Lawrence Hetrick, Martin Curry, and Frank Sadler, all instructors at the UF. They will read a number of their creative efforts and answer questions about them, leading and encouraging discussion from all angles. .LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LE2 MODERN DANCE j o andZ z z PHYSICAL FITNESS 0 STARTSRMON. APRIL 7th r ~7:00PM ROOM 245 UNION 0 g Prereqister at Rm. 310 Union 392-1655 l S LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS L91 DANSKIN LEOTARDS AVALABL E AT: IN T HE M AL L HEADQUARTERS IN GAINESVILLE FOR DANCEWEAR RESTAURANT SPECIALS GOOD MON. Thru FRI. VEAL$13 PARMIAGANA $13 w/ITALIAN SPAGHETTI K.C. STEAK $1.50 w/Salad, Potato, Veg. BAKED LASAGNA w/MEAT BALLS & SALAD LONDON BROIL $1.30 w/Salad, Potato, Veg. OPEN WWA I Thursday, April 3,1969, The Florida Alligator, Page 17 PSYCHIATRIST STATES Campus Disorders Pose No Threat 

PAGE 18

Pag 18, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 3,1969 COME TO OUR "EASTER EGG HUNT" OF BARGAINS! We always say "Happy Easter" with money-saving specials. But this year we're also celebrating the opening of the 150th Publix Market -in South Daytona. So to thank you for shopping with us -and for the nice things you tell your friends about Publix -which keeps us growing like Jack's beanstalk, every Publix is also featuring Celebration Specials. So hop right over and fill your basket with the extraordinary bargains of our Happy Easter Sale >T .SWIFT'S PREMIUM GOV'T. INSPECTED, SHIPPED, QUICK-FROZEN, EVISCERATED, USDA GRADE A, 1Q-16 lb. AVERAGE Swift's Premium Skinless Link Sausage 12ee. 69C (Plus 50 SAH Green Stamps with coupon) FaOuDwaweg. Serve With Your Ham, Kitchen Fresh Potato Salad ..... Delicious With Short Ribs, Zesty Cole Slaw Fresh or Smoked, Tasty Liverwurst. Always A Family Favorite Bar-B-Q Fryers e DEEP-BA perlb.39 lb 39 lb 99C lb 79c SWIFT'S PREMIUM PROTEN GOVERNMENT INSPECTED HEAVY WESTERN BEEF SALE! BEEF NEEDS LESS COOKING TIME! Don't Forget The Tartar Sauce, Deep-Sea Large Scallops .e9b. $129 Makes Delicious Salads, Peeled & Deveined Small Shrimp .$119 .PVPwdu~1a LM Eastern Red Delicious Apples. 3 a 59c U.S. No. 1 Russet Baking Potatoes .'O lb.83c Tasty Salad-Perfect Tomatoeso. f. 39 Firm Hard Green Cabbageb. l6b North Carolina Kiln-Dried Sweet Yams lb. 14C Juicy Fresh Florida Grapefruit 0.0 0.bag49 Delicious Sliced Chilled Peaches .298 SIRLOIN, T-BONE, KEY CLUB OR LONDON BROIL per lb. Po* Swift's Premium Proten Bone-in Pot Roast*. 1b.59C Swift's Premium Boneless Imperial Roast. 89 Swift's Premium Boneless English Cut Beef Roast .l.b. 99C Swift's Presium. Testy Proton Chuck Steaks. lb. 69c Swift's Premium Proton Beef English Cut Short Ribs. lb.69c STED p4r -49 --blix Cor" vm6 Di"P Margarine .3 ,',': $1 Serve Oot Bisui--ts, Mrs. Filberts Soft Margarine .'n 43' Delicious On Pancakes, Mrs. Filberts Soft Whipped Margarine. .',' 43c Mede With Peppie ttesh Dough, Pillsbury Cinnamon Rolls .1.33c Kraft's Philadelphia Brand Cream Cheese. 39' Wisconsin CheeseBar,. Individuelly-Wreppecl Sliced American .65c Miss Wisconsin Blunt Medium Cheddar .o-65c Kroft's Flavorful Sliced Big-Eye Swiss ..51 Horseradish.,r 21' Publix New Dairi-Fresh Cottage Cheese .2. .-59c Sliced Bacon. 69. Swift's Premium Quick-frozen Butter Basted Turkey Roast l~''hlpkg $4 Turkey Roast ..s .li.ht & drh) Pk.,2 Cold Cuts. .2-49' (Pickle & Pimento.Olive A PimeseteBologn.) FemsOt re -bessd Labeel Herman Wieners. 59' CelandsZesty Flavored Bag Sausage. 59' Veal Steaks ..k :k.89C tTeenow'.sh2Sliced 5oz te -.1t Bologna .s0s00ss .25' 45' 59' ; UE ei G EEN AM CU w LVA I &IWA WIS A242 I owmk rmm% IL A r % dm-% AWNF& Aplilk Adollik Ammak A dmm n o n n Lm I~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ ,MW a,4 i %ura1 nlmw f mwa w9IWIWIw9% &% o MRKETSr 

PAGE 19

Kiddie ( Pi Good AM Su For Cck Fie Top Yo Flo Deliciou P0 6c-off Jo Ca Thick Ri, Ka Fr Taw UA. reen% ai airo 1 U4 South tu C-rna o Mil Del Mc Sw Tasty I Rip Lindsa Rip Libby Go Sarve Sw Smoke Ch pint 3 c 10 lb. bag. ra. Gao, Dixie Crystals Light .125 S.W. 34th ST. ,w 2-.-------WWEE WW W0 0 0 Abpkgs.% W For Baking Cookies, Dixie Crystals Dark Brown Sugar .2 s.39' BaIemon Bcoastitut"d Lemon Juice ., .39c .L -'., -Thurday, April 3,1969, The Florida Alligator, Page 19 wood Meal Makers._EXTR rvard Beets. 2 l6or49C ___ Oral Atspti Muth Wash Swift's Premiu wood TaitySliced Plain or Self-Rising Flour (limit 1) Either Hafr Whle kld~et .2''rs-9 ise eSlb.49 Smoked Fully Cooe Hm kled Beets .2 s498 Literine Pillsbury's.S. ba 49* (Expires Wed., April 9.1969) Beauty Sweet bt. C1 cu22r h ipz3,.' $1 Hair Spray, Reg. or Hard.to-Hold Serve Chilled, Dole Hawaiian -------------------m-------cumnber Chips 3 jor$1 sar EBXTRA___________________ here Spanish Just Pineapple Juice" 33 $1 I GreenStamsr ifed O lives ..W.69C W o n d e rfu l Yellow Clig Hled r Slic-d .C. --1. .1 tion Non-DairyCreamer, 13,. $1.00 or mre Any ffee-M ate.149. .9cF&P.P each esr99S",,S,4,,ao,,e ,asterCandies F. .caFor P ct Brtet2. (Expires Wed., April 9, 1969) $1 Pear Halves #.2.can39EXT xed Pickles r1 TDRleASliedCrshed,orChnk onte Early Garden Dso 'ice, C'shd, r CJnkGreenStampsR #303 90:4T #21C/2 $AN PUC1 E 9O eet Peas. 5-s $1 .-ineappie .L es DUltra Brite Tooth Paste Lindsy Lsrge~ Fr Drss.rt, S.rve 0.1. Low-Cal 6 oz. tube e Olives.'$ Fruit Cocktail .5 $1 (Expires Wed., April 9, 1969) y Pitted Large CA, l .0.^00. e O ie.4 Serve This With Your Ham, Flavorful EXTRA orvs C. St. c4.French's Mustard :: 19c IIIJWGreenStamps 's Whole Kernel or Cream Style *103T $1CtUft ANO P CmA -Iden Corn ..s.s. 5 *.** t1 A Natural With French Fries, Del Monte Poident Tablet. With Ham. Royal Prince .Tomato .29c 40 count eel ~ ~ 4 PoaosT~ s ssorat Catsup ***b~t. 4. (Expires Wed., April 9, 1969) eet Potatoes ...,-.x39'cfor Salads or Sandwiches, Star Kist y Sear, with Hickory Chips 10 lb ChunkTu n .36o-89EXTRA arcoal Briquets ..7n3 9 I[IIJWGreenStamps Plus 50 extra SAH Green Stamps with Coupon) PRICES EFFECTIVE Suffering Tablets Prices Effective Thru Wednesday noon, April 9, 1969 165 e t. .QUANTITY RIGHTS RESERVED (Expires Wed., Aprii 9, 1969) _A141iwEXTRA ASSOIFJWGreentamps "1jJ FRUIT .11. 1. -C U. ..U.C .I FLAVORS ~Freezer Queen Gravy & Sliced Turkey 2 lb. pkg. ({ExpresWed April 9 1969) ALL RIND BODIENS EXTRA F0A OTDIO JWGreentamps I McCormick's Vanilla Extract 2 oz. bot. -.c-hlg lo7 (Expires Wed., April 9, 1969) EXTRA. 49 t up-JGreenSamps L E OBooth's Lobster Tails EXCLDIN CIGRETES LMIT2 PLASE9 oz. pkg. 6 .(Expires Wed., A pril 9, 1969) -Fl ---aGr-en Rt Cookie Treat Fresh.KeeblFr amps I ter Patters .': 49-Swif's Premium-Skinless Assorted D .39' Link Sausage nytimel F.F.V. Oatmeal, Fudges or (C.c .Bs1 1 .h, l.ddok, A-. L., Chick.,, T.k.y, 12 oz. pkg. g a r C o o k ie s .;. :'. 3 9 cI Sl.b ry :t.o kM c. &. Ch .h.s1)9, (Expires Wed., April 9,.1969) e Topping, Bakers Angel Cool Whip .= 29 ^^-E^ ike Coconut *.:C 27* i E;;i .3b 9 JGreenStampsm"' r Jell. With Bakers Angesl o P e. ld.,Pr .lbLambrecht's Pizza With ieC c ut 00pk.3 cMixed hag bli:;49" Sausage & Chese ike Coconut6. T-;: 39c r. Ti.eFser. 140o .pkg. T Cr8yBreaded Shrimp .FkKEk 9 10. (Expires Wed., April 9,.1969) L Crust MixF.t20:39c---------phetCok AneFoCrab M eat c. 'k* 99 EXTRA skei, Betty CrWCker Agel Feed jJWGreenStamps ke Mix .00.pg. a 53a .m.g .pn I s ch Red Label i UIWith Hickory Chips 

PAGE 20

CARLOS ALVAREZ CUTS on second day of spring practice All 22 Positions Open, Says Graves The UF will have an extremely young, eager grid squad and all 22 starting jobs are considered wide open as spring practice begins. This is strictly a rebuilding year with sophomores and untested juniors likely to carry most of the load on offense. Lack of depth is a primary weakness and the development of this is a major objective of spring practice. Although many players return on defense, this is a defensive team which gave up more points and yards in 1968 than any UF defense has in years. To quote Coach Ray Graves, "after looking at the record and films there certainly is no reason for any defensive player to be self-satisfied with the 1968 season. I don't know of anybody who has a starting job locked up going into spring practice." Graves believes the major weaknesses and areas of concern are (1) offensive line (2) tight end (3) lack of experience and depth at quarterback and running back (4) defensive end (5) lack of depth at all defensive positions (5) poor overall kicking game. Chief losses from the 1968 team were all-Americans Guy Dennis (OG) and Larry Smith (FB), tight end Jim Yarbrough, TB Tom Christian, OB-FL Larry Rentz, DLB David Mann and MG Bill Dorsey. QUOTING COACH GRAVES: "For the first time since I've Squad 1 Bat Girls At Game Today Gator Batgirls Squad No. 1 is scheduled for the UF-Connecticut baseball game today at 3 p.m. All eight girls will be expected to be at the baseball diamond by 2:30 in uniform. Anyone with scheduling problems please contact Sue Franklin. been at Florida we have a situation where no starting jobs are locked up. This will be good in terms of creating competition and drive among our players but bad from the standpoint of trying to field an experienced football team ...We will work on fundamentals and getting the personnel on the field in proper positions this spring. "Many players will likely play both ways this spring and might do the same in the fall .. "We will not hesitate to shift any player to any spot where we think he can help, the first major move being tackle Skip Amelung to tight end .Steve Tannen will play both ways this spring, and in the fall, playing cornerback on defense and split end or flanker on offense. "We will be an exciting team, very young on offense, capable of being a representative opponent but certainly not as strong as teams like Georgia and Auburn, which I think are the two favorite teams in the league." On Eason's Four Bagger Gators Slam Connecticut By CHUCK PARTUSCH Alligator Sports Writer. UF reserve catcher Tom Eason's grand slam homer in the bottom of the eighth inning Wednesday afternoon gave the Gators a sizeable cushion in what initially was a tight game at Perry Field. The Gators 12-4 victory over Connecticut was a close 5-4 game until the Gators seven-run outburst in the eighth inning when the Gators shell-shocked Connecticut's John DeLucia. UF left-fielder Jim Gruber led off the eighth by drawing a walk. Tommy Blankenship followed with a sacrifice bunt which UC third-baseman Jim no Dobrindt muffed allowing Gruber to reach second and putting Blankenship safe on DALE TURLINGTON SCORES first. .from third in the eighth inning Gator right-fielder Daleno Turlington cracked a double to left-center scoring Gruber.H R Pitcher Dave Kahn singled to right-field and scored oY Blankenship.ONLY DAY The Gators leading hitter, Guy McTheny, batting 345, then hit aeasy one off the bat handle LEFT TO ENTER to UC short-stop Jack Melen for the Gators first out of the G A TOR G R AS '69 UF's Leon Bloodworth then singled to center-field pushing Kahn to third. Ron Wright then walked to lead bases for Eason'sT N shot down the left-field foul line H o a that was only fair by a few feet the things you can and just cleared the fence. UC scoring came in the first put in a 6 foot bed. when they scdred three runs on three hits and one hit-batsmen. Their other run came in the second on two singles and an error on Gator right-fielder Turlington. Gator first-baseman Skip Lujack's bases-loaded triple to deep right-center in the first inning scored the first three runds for the Gator sluggersThe Gators scored two runs in the third on a walk to Gruber. A single by Blankenship which put AlI-steelbed6'x 4'8with Gruber on second. Another arr easy-loading tail-gate Perfect for packing bikes srfbards or rugged work loads up toe half single* by Turlington which ton. A gutsy OHV engine makes the big hauls at 30 miles per gallon scored Gruber. And finally a Roomy.vinyl-lined cabslick 4speed. Whitewalls, fast-acting heater/ defroster. Proven reliability. Datsun's the No. 1 Selling Import Truckt single by winning pitcher Wayne Rogers, now 1-1 on the season, which brought Blankenship in to give the Gators a 5-4 lead. UC A i U now 0-5 on the season face the Godding & Clark Motors Gators, who brought their record to 11-7 over-all, again 1012 South Main Thursday at 3 p.m. at Perry 378-2311 Open til 8 PM Field. I 4 (V UNOW W7 4wmav, rwv-TU.i SUNDAY J-Boy 69 Sandwich French Fries, Cole Slow A Regular $1.00.l.e 310SW .13th St. & 1505 N.W. 13th St. B mlI ww 

PAGE 21

Thunrday, Aprl 3, 1969, The FlorIda AIlgasor, Pap 21 Athletic Dept Needs Girls! The search for Gator Girls is on. This quest, though, is not for the usual bikini-clad girls of Alligator fame, but for representatives of the publicity department of the athletic department. Headed by Norm Carlson, Sports Publicity Director, the public relations Gator Girls will entertain prospects as well as promote any athletic events. They will serve the Athletic Department and its program, working with the recruiting of high school seniors of junior college transfers, as well as being available for pictures, publicizing various events of the department. At the latter part of the winter quarter sororities were asked for applicants, or any girls interested in helping the sports program at the UF. During the week of April 7-11 these girls will be interviewed by the Publicity Department, and selection will follow. Ten girls are expected to be selected with a possibility of a few alternates. Girls will be interviewed by the Publicity Department as well as being informed of their possible duties. Being the first that it is, the NICK ARROYO department is "playing it by ear" accoring to Carlson. A selection committee will choose the girls although the members of the committee are still not definite. Expected to be a defimte assistance and improvement to the present tasks of recruiting, the Gator Girls will take on a new identity of sportswomen. Better Team Predicts Carson ATLANTA (UPI) -Georgia Tech football coach Bud Carson predicted Wednesday that sophomores may be the salvation next fall as theYellow Jackets seek to avoid a third straight losing season. "Our rising sophomores, as a group, are better than the athletes we've played with the past two seasons," Carson said at a luncheon held to talk about Tech's spring drills which begin next Monday. "For the first time in my three years, we should have some depth," Carson continued. "Never again will Georgia Tech be as thin as we were this past season." BEELAND RETURNS ONE .during the UF-Amherst match U IS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS z CHILDREN'S TAP Net Men Beat Amherst9-O C 0 z STARTS WED. APRIL 9th The Gator tennis team Gators against one loss (UCLA) Beeland (see picture) had a S ROOM G-4 UNION grooved to an easy 9-0 and a tie (Miami). The UF has tougher time of it against j shellacking of Amherst *yet to meet an SEC foe. They do Pelletier and Steketer but 0 4:00PM University warming up for so Saturday when they take on managed a 2-6, 9-7, 6-2 come o -1 today's match with William and Georgia here. fom behind win.ca Mary. Second man Charlie Owens Match time today is 3 pm. j Preregistration Room 310 Union 392-1655 No. 1 man Armi Neeley rambled over Mike Pelletier 6-1, LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LEJW defeated Amherst No. 1 man, Rick Steketer 6-3, 6-2 to pace the win. It was the tenth win for the 6-2; Jamie Pressly defeated Sandy Mollman 6-0, 6-3 in singles matches. In doubles Neely and Steve UNIVERSITY STUDENTS APPROVED and REQUIRED GYM CLOTHES for GYM SHORTS TEE SHIRTS S SWEAT SUITS SHOES, SOCKS SUPPORTERS GYM SHORTS (BERMUDAS, JAMAICAS) SHIRTS SWEAT SUITS SHOES, SOCKS GYMNASTIC SLIPPERS, HAND GRIPS, HANDBALL GLOVES, HANDBALLS FRATERNITY and SORORITY JERSEYS LETTERED COMPLETE TEAM OUTFITTERS JIMMIE HUGHES SPORTING GOODS Northcentral Florida's Sporting Goods Headquarter 1113 University Ave. One Block Off Campus 376-8212 Rr -----Tranilin -BECKUM OPTICIANS 21 Woft U e,* y .A tA nesy t,.He. Phoe 376.3516 Gator PAWN SHOP MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS DIAMONDS LOANS GUNS BUY SELL TRADE "We specialize in Gator-Aid" 1334 E. UNIVERSITY 378-5575 I L 

PAGE 22

Page 22, The Florida Alligator, Thursday, April 3. 1969 .~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ..,.HE.P O R -----CLIPBOARD ::::.::::.-UK Wildcats To Purr -Or Bite ln'699'7 By BILL DUNN Bradshaw had been with the had a curious interest in -the more aggression in the stands, "People told me it was a Alligator Assistant Sports Editor club six years then. It was two happenings at Lexington, then there would be more on the basketball state and couldn't years before he threw in the footballwise. field." produce a winner," Ray said. "I forming on my palms. The towel after this past season. Bradshaw left Kentucky Bradshaw left a loser but a looked into the sstuatson and Kenu nWilcats h st The graying Kentucky officially in November. He left a winner in the hearts of players. found it wasn't true." h fs gentleman motioned for the loser. His farewell was harsh, and It was a deadly plague of student "We don't know how many my firt bape g me nt reporters to crowd in around may have left a mark on UK apathy that created a vacuum. football games we'll win or n the sporting world and I him after he'd finished talking athletics as deep as Washington's But the Wildcats don't like lose," he told the club. "But I'll emmbestg wel d a with his players. He propped has on a country we all know. losing. It had not been a promise you this. We'll never himself against a tiled tunnel His voice quivered a bit as he tradition before the past embarrass you." The Gators had trampled entering the locker rooms and spoke to a joint meeting of the half-dozen years. When spring The new blood will no doubt Kentucky on the home field. It tilted his cap back, as if to Lexington Wildcat Clubs. A practice comes, UK football will see the Wildcats a contender was two years ago; the score was sacrifice himself to the barrage touch of bitterness showed have a fresh "Ray" of light shine again in the next few years. 28-12 and that was the game of bullets he knew was coming. through. on it. And what a Ray. Probably before this year's when glamour boy Harmon It was routine. Losing was "Never will we have a fighting John Ray had what many freshman class graduates, the Wages proved himself, routine. And it showed on his football team until the attitudes considered the second-best job Gators will be running up against My assignment: talk to face. of the UK students and in college football -assistant to a wilder Wildcat and less a litter Wildcat Coach Charlie Bradshaw. Since that assignment I have supporters change. If there were the head coach at Notre Dame. of kittens. ...0 a r S 0n PU CtU res Petty P aC Ie ESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LEM -W BEGINNING BRIDGE 2 DAYTONA BEACH of the eight races he has entered Daytona 500. Pearson is a close 2 B (UPI) -Driver Richard Petty and finished in the top five in second with $44,880. STARTS Mon. April 7 started the stock car season like seven of them. The top drivers in the grand c ROOM118 UNION a house afire. But David Pearson Pearson finished second in last national point race to date: 0 W is throwing cold water on the Sunday's "Atlanta 500" race to 1. Richard Petty, Randleman, a 7:30 PM fire., pick up 147 points while Petty N.C., 874 points usU Petty won the Riverside, was finishing ninth for 126 2 .David Pearson, Z Preregister Room 310 Union 392-1655 Calif. 500, the first big race of points., Spartanburg, S.C., 870 points 0 R the year, to get a big jump in the Neither driver is a stranger to 3. James Hylton, Inman, S.C., 0 NS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS LESSONS sucratuve grand nation-driver point standings. But Pearson has moved closer by leaps and bounds. The National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing NASCAR said Wednesday that Petty now has 874 points and Pearson has 870 to rank one-two on the point list to date. Petty, Randleman, N.C., has been having trouble finding the winner's circle since Riverside, while Pearson, a veteran from Spartanburg. S.C. has won three the point battle. Petty won in a runaway in 1967 and Pearson got the most points at the end of last seasons C Cale Yarborough of Timmonsvile, S.C. won the Atlanta race and received 150 points and $21,590. This gives him a total of 557 points for the year in 10th place and money winnings of $31,415. Lee Roy Yarbrough of Columbia, S.C., remains the top moneywinner of to date with $45.615. most of it won in the 749 points 4. Neil Castles, Charlotte, N.C., 713 points 5. Bobby Allison, Hueytown, Ala., 663 points 6. Elmo Langley, Landover, Md., 639 points 7. Henley Gray, Rome, Ga., 632 points 8. Bobby Issac, Catawba, N.C., 605 points 9. John Sears, Ellerbe, N.C., 602 points 10. Cale Yarborough, Timmonsville, S.C., 557 points THURSDAY SPECIAL HOT ROAST BEEF 1225 W. UNIV. 97 S Bock from CamDUS HELP! The Florida Alligator needs students to work part-time in the Production Lab eveningS after 6:00 PM Sunday through Thursday. See Mr. French after 5:00 PM Room_330 Reitz Union What's so special about Beechwood Ageing? We must be bragging tow much about Beechwood Ageing. Because we're starting to get some flak about it. Like, "Beechwood, Beechwood ...big deal." And "If Beechwood Ageing is so hot, why don't you tell everybody what it is?" So we will. First, it isn't big wooden casks that we age Budweiser in. But it is a layer of thin wood strips from the beech tree (what else?) laid down in a dense lattice on the bottom of our glass-lined and stainless steel lagering tanks. This is where we mDM 1 p let Budweiser ferment a second time. (Most brewers quit after one fermentation. We don't.) These beechwood strips offer extra surface area for tiny yeast particles to cling to, helping clarify the beer. And since these strips are also porous, they help absorb beer's natural --g "edge," giving Budweiser e its finished taste. Or in other words, "a taste, a smooth.f ness and a drinkability you e will fmd in no other beer at ; any price." Ah yes, drinkability. That's what's so special about .AI Beechwood Ageing. But you know that. Budweiser. is the King of1eeis (But you know that.) ANHEUSER-BUSCH, INC. -ST. LOUIS 9 NEWARK LOS ANGELES TAMPA HOUSTON 9 COLUMBUS ".m 

PAGE 23

Thursday, April 3, 1969, The Florida Alligator, Page 23 15,000 SEAT CAPACITY 'Bama Coliseum South's Largest (EDITOR'S NOTE: This is the sixth of an Alligator weekly series of articles describing the facilities at the other Southeastern Conference Schools.) Alabama's new Memorial Coliseum, the fifth largest in the nation, is actually the nation's largest from the standpoint that every one of the 15,000 seats are of a theatre-type chair variety. This marks the first full season that the Crimson Tide will have spent in its plush new quarters. The final six games of last season were played in the new facility. All athletic offices, dressing rooms, film processing and other related athletic offices are located in the Coliseum. It also features a special "A" Club room, four handball courts, six basketball dressing room, six stage dressing rooms, the President's Lounge and an e l e v a t o r .T h e entire building--except for the handball courts--is completely air-conditioned. The height of the building is largest in the South. The Actilon's WhereZ NEW YORK (UPI) -College football offers the fan more action than pro football, according to a thre-year study conducted by a leading television network. The top college football teams in the nation have increased their margin of more playes per game over the best professional teams from nine plays per game to approximately 17 plays per game, the survey revealed. Using the top six college and top six pro teams for the study, it was revealed that last season college elevens averaged 80.9 plays per game compared to just 63.1 for pro teams. In 1967 the figures were 74.3 to 60.3 in favor of the colleges and in 1966 college games won 69.6 to 60.9. The study also showed that it takes the college teams an average of 16 seconds between plays compared to 26 seconds for the pros. The college teams used for the survey last season were Penn State, Ohio State, Georgia, Texas, Kansas, and Southern California. Pro teams surveyed were the New York Jets, the Baltimore Colts, the Dallas Cowboys, the Minnesota Vikings, the Cleveland Browns and Oakland Raiders. The ABC TV sports department conducted the survey. ...:.-.::.---:-.--:-:---::::::::::.:Softball Umpires Needed, Independent Deadline Near Registration for Independent softball and dormitory handball began Monday. The deadline for entering a team in either of these leagues is Tuesday, April 8, at 5 p.m. You may register your team in room 229 Fla. Gym or call 392-0581. Four men are required for dorm handball and 10 men are required for softball. All equipment will be furnished by the intramural department. The Intramural Department is in need of softball umpires. Games will be played at 4:45 p.M. until Daylights Saving Time at which time games will be played at 4:30 and 5:30. Pa will be $2.50 per game. Good Service Starts od at CRANE IMPORTS SALES-SERVICEREPAIRS CLAE IMPORTS3 Mr. VO. &V* All signups must be in person at the Intramural Office room 229 Fla. Gym. An umpire's rules meeting will be held 7:30 p.m. in room 224 Fla. Gym on Thursday, April 10. w equal to that of a seven-story building. It is 90 feet from the arena floor to the dome. Clear span of the building over the basketball arena is 353 feet by 262 feet. The building is used for athletic events, concert and lecture series, Cotillion Club presentations, as well as -other University functions, such as c onvocat ions an d commencements. Coaches offices are located on the second floor of the structure, while the ticket office is on the first floor. On the ground level are the dressing rooms and equipment rooms. Basic contract for the building was $3,294,000 and the structure covers two acres. Eventually, there will be paved parking surrounding the building for some 4,000 automobiles. Another feature is the Tartan floor in the main basketball area and in the auxiliary gymnasium. In addition to being fifth largest in the nation, among on-campus field houses, Memorial Coliseum ranks as the last year. The Mavericks, in their second year, finished last in the Western Division of the ABA and averaged only a few hundred spectators for their home games. The team will be known as the Carolina Cougars next year, Gardner said. The identity of the team's coach will be disclosed April 9 at a news conference in Greensboro N.C., said Gardner, who said the new mentor would have a North Carolina background. Speculation is the new coach will be Press Mavarich, now head coach at Louisiana State University. The selection might Fullback Now Senator Bill Reichardt, an all-Big Ten fullback at Iowa in 1950 and 195 1, now is a state senator. Reichardt, who in 1951 was chosen most valuable player in the Big Ten, owns two clothing stores in Des Moines. He is a Democrat. ---TONIGHT --BLONDES no HATE MOfE FUN! -IT TE 254-7 P.M. ON YESI WIGS COUNT! SRUNETTES-R EDHEAOS-BALDIES-MAIONS: WA"TM ES WAC no. 14 ONLY DAY left to reserve your seat to LONDON June 23-Aug. 25 $315 Round trip Deadline Fri. 5:00 p.m. Rm. 310 3924655 NORTH VS, SOUTH MAN VS. WOMAN NITRO-BURNING DODGE Vs. BLOWN, INJECTED CHEVY WHO WILL WIN THIS 180 M.P.H. SAT. NITE 8:00 3% miles W. of Municipal Airport on SR 225 U MEMORIAL COLISEUM .fifth largest in the nation. ABA Houston Franchise Moves, North Carolina's First Pro Club The Houston franchise of the give the new Cougars an before following his father to American Basketball Association advantage over the rival National LSU. will move to North Carolina Basketball Association in The Cougars have drafted next season, millionaire Jim draftein the nation's leading UF's All-American Neal Walk in Gardner announced Tuesday. collegiate basketball scorer the the first round and the Cougars The team will be the state's past two seasons -Pete plan to go after him. first major league professional Maravich of LSU, son of Press "We plan to sign him," club. Maravich. Gardner said. "As of this Gardner and two business Press Maravich coached at moment, we do not know which associates, Leonard Rawls and Clemson and North Carolina NBA team will be our Bob Gorham, all of Rocky State before going. to LSU, and competition for Walk but we Mount, N.C., bought the Pete Maravich starred at Raleigh, will be more than competitive in floundering Houston franchise N.C., Broughton High school getting him." 

PAGE 24

Page 24, The Florida Alligator, Thuraday, April 3, 1969 wecare 1859-1969. .110 YEA RS YOUNG Two Convenient Locations 601 S.W. 2 Ave. 1130 N. E. 16 Ave. LESUEUR GREEN PEAS CHAMPION SUGAR WAFERS 14 COOKIES P GERBER BABY FOOD A&P GRAPEFRUIT JUICE A&P FRUIT JUICES 3 A&P TABLE SALT OUR OWN TEA BAGS JIFFY CORN MUFFIN 7ozcan 29t PACKAGE JAR 100 COUNT MIX BUTTERFIELD POTATO STICKS 10o11 46 oz 3 FOR CANS$10 CAN 95t 26X z 794~ B% Oz 1O 2Z, 1OC BOX ot MARTH WHITE CORN BREAD MIX PACKAGE lot MARTHA WHITE BISCUIT MIX ANN PAGE BARBEQUE SAUCE B A&P INSTANT COFFEE FIRESIDE MARSHMELLOW S PACKAGE 104 43t Super Right Western Full Cut Chuck Steak R Agar Cooked CANNED HAM Grade "A" Frozen YOUNG TURKEYS Super Right Fully Cooked (1 Whole or Shank Half or oast 5 lb. 10-14 lb. Ave.) 39 4-16 LB. Ave.) HAMS SWEET TREET VANILLA WAFEI A & P A&P POPPING CORN SUGAR A&P CHICKEN + DUN 5 LB. DALY BAG CAT FOOD CANS DAILY 3 DOG FOOD BRIGHT SAIL SPRAY STARCH A&P FLUORIDE TOOTH PASTE TIP TOP FROZEN CONCENTRATE FLAVORED DRINKS SUNNYFIELD FROZEN WAFFLES SULTANA PURE GRAPE JELLY A&P S$10 HAIR SPRAY A&P B G 10 APPLE SAUCE 594 lb. $3.99 4 lb. 49 lb. RS 1poundBag 25t 2 Pound BAG 29t 24 Oz CAN IPLINGS 49t 10 FOR $1.00 15%Aoz CANS 1lo 24 Oz CAN-49t 7% oz 49 TUBE 49t 6 oz CAN lo PACKAGE 2/23t 2 pound JAR 39t 14 oz CAN 774 1 pound CANS 5 Cans For $1.00 BANANAS CAROS PRODUCE 104 pound 2 pound bag T9~ SUNNY BROOK MEDIUM EGGS 8i0 ALL DETERGENT GIANT SIZE 494 
