
PAGE 1

the largest all-american college semi-weekly in the nation Volume 51, Number 38 TIJE University of Florida,_Gainesville, Florida-Friday, April 3, 19591 serving 12,000 students at university of florida Six Pages This Edition Humphrey Sets TalIk Tonight US Relations To be Stressed By GLORIA BROWN Hubert H. Humphrey eminent senator from Minnesota, and one time political science professor, will emphasize Latin American relations in his lecture on foreign affairs tonight at 8:15 p.m. in the University Auditorium. Humphrey, a member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Rel ations and Chairman of the SubCommittee on Foreigh Relations .affairs arrives in Gainesville by plane today for a one night stop. University Lecture Series is making the necessary arrangeInents for the talk. Bill Norris, right, chairman In speaking tours throughout win, Cerk of the Honor Court, c the country the democrat has be the recent Spring Election. come a forceful avocate of a positive "Works of Peace" program rather than of reliance on milit-F ary force and power. He' has served on the subcomIittee on International Organization Affairs and European Affairs. Humphrey has been actve In the Support of the North Atlan-arsHmhryh beaCtie h a rg e V tic Treaty Organization, the Point Four Program and the ReciproDAVID HAMILTON eal Trade Program. Gator Staff Writer Soviet Challenge The main purpose of the petition In the belief that the Soviet ch-r submitted to the Honor Court Ilenge must be met in every areaT ...dipl matically, ecomonically, Thursday, according to Bill Norculturally and militarily, Humphris, former co-chairman of the rey recently completed a visit Campus Party and one of the with Krushchev and other Eu-p ropean leaders. The Minnesota petitioners, is to call the Honor senator was scheduled to speak Court's attention to certain "irhere last fall, but was forced to regularities" that the petitioners cancel his lecture to attend what assert took place at the College he described as "top level conof Engineering in the recent elecferences in Washington." As Chairman of the Sub-comtion rnittee on Disarmament, HumphThe petition specifically contests rey is mediator between the senthe election returns for the offices ate and the administration in reof President of the Student Body gard to disarmament negotiations. and Chancellor of the Honor Court He served as a delegate to the which it claims were affected by Unite*id Nations, as alternate de"prejudicial irregularities". legate to the UNESCO conference The petition also calls for a new ce in Paris and as adviser to the election at the college of EnginAmerican delegation to the coieering for these two offices. The ference on nuclear testing in Genreason that the petition calls for eva. a new election for only these two Prior to his election to the senspots on the slate, stated Norris, ate in 1948, Humphrey served as is that the College of Engineering mayor of Minneapolis and &asprovote had no decisive affect on any fessor of political science to the other offices. Army Air Corps at Macalester 'Ithe petition also points out inCollege. He is married and the cidences that it terms "prejudicial father of four children. irregulrities" and states the arti. cle in the Election Laws that it asserts have been violated. A preliminary hearing is schedsed for Moda at 1 p.m. at which u time the board of masters will hear the evidence of the petitionere 10m~f f0W ers in more detail. TheHonor Here Tom borrow Courtaccording to its charter must meet within 14 days to make a deBy MIKE DONALDSON cision in th. matter. After weeks of preparation, the Marty Shapiro, who was in 11th annual, campus-wide Sigma charge of the recent election, comCWi Derby will be held tomormented on the petition's assertion row at Norman Field, across from P. K. Yonge. Derby will start wih a motorThomas, Chalom cade from the Sigma Chi house to Norman Field tomorrow at 1 Picked To Head p.m. Immediately following, field 6 P l a o events wil be held in which the 60 Publicatons sororities will compete for trophIIn their las meeting, WednesThe events this year have been day, March 25, the Boa'rd of Studbroadened to incude many new ent Publications selected the ediadditions. Each sorority has ent' tors managing editors, and busiered a total of 16 girls n the for next years Alfield competition plus a queen candidate. ligator and Orange Peel. The variety race requires five For the Alligator the selections girls to a team. Two girls will were: Editor, Joe Thomas (3AS "wheelbarrow race" up the field, Hialeah; Managing Editor James two more will "three leg -race" McGuirk (3JM), New Smyrna bac% down, and the final girl will carr.7 an egg in a spoon to the Beach; and Business Marragler, finish line. Lois Adams (2UC). Palmeto. The d-ressing race promises The following selections were laugiw as ine girls put on a suitmade for the Orange Peel: Editor, careful of clothes, run the leng-hB of the field, take them off, and Bob Chalom (6ASh Coral Gables' repack them. Managing Editor, Jud Clements skill Needed (SAS), Jacksonville; Business Ma Skill will be required in the egg nager, John Robinson (2UC), Ga throwing contest in which ".wo inesville. girls from each sorority will vies for the longest egg throw made Chalom said that the Orang S-4-%iPeel willhbe soldi&r'ain vte ar FSU 'Flying H9h' Circus ToOpen at UF Tomorrow Filing Election Protest of the defeated Campus Party, submits a petWun to George Baldcharging that certain "prejudicial irregularities" had occurred in party Members Dte 'I rregular'ities' that the official voters rolls of the engineering college were made available and used by unauthorized persons. He stated that assuming the charges are true (they are at present unsubstantiated), t h e difficulty arose when the election official neglected to notify t he Honor Court, as he was instructed to do, with regard to the request made upon him for access to the student election roster being used at the polling place. Shapiro pointed out that election officials were "Catagorically told that any variances from the pro* cedures outlined in the mimio were to be immediately reported to the Honor Court representative for a decision." Article 4.4 of the Election Law procedure states that, "There shall be a polling supervisor at each poling place. This polling supervisor shall be a member of the Honor Court, and sworn to enforce these election Laws an dthe Constitution of the student Body. .. It shall be within the power of each polling place supervisor to decide questions of interpretation or application of the Student Body LAws. * Backstage Battle Roofs In Election Aftermath By JIM McGUIRK Gator Staff Writer Elections are less than two weeks old-and their aftermath Is not the expected peaceful lull but Instead a heated, mostly backstage political battle that shows signs of exending Into next year's administration. The most dramatic outward sign of this is the petition contesting the engineering college vote returns. If it goes through it means a new election for the college of Engineering, the college which connotedly swung the entire student body government election with its record turn-out. But the petition only contests the offices of president and Chancellor of the Honor Court. It omits the vice -president and secretarytreasurer. Both won by large mar. gins, both are engineers and both are the probable reason for the solidity of the engineering vote. If the petition goes through, it is questionable whether the engineers will be able to again turn out a big, solid vote for the Banner Party candidates w-th no engineers in the race. Obviously the Campus Party is gambling they won't. The principals are colorful in I;L se -T the best political tradition. Big R~l (4#C O~%'D-io -, on accatore, Banner Party cochairman, is flushed with victory with a smile and a clap on the back for everyone. He dismisses the petition with a laugh, "We won and they're just poor losers and bad sports. They just don't have any sportsmanship." Opposed to him is suave, urbane Bill Norris, Campus Party co -chairman, who is calm, confidant and tight -lipped. He 'refuses to reveal details, releasing the statement "We have adequate documentation to substantiate all points of the petition." Behind the scenes, politicos have already mapped out strategy. There is a good possibility that' the executive council, which is Campus Party controlled, will be (Continued On Page TWO) I Lyceum Slates Opera Singer Here Monday The Lyceum Council will! present Opera Singer Eileen Farrell as part of Gator Gras Week next Monday at 8 p.m. in the University of Florida Gymnasium. Miss Parrell's career was launched in 1942 over CBS radio network in a weekly series called "Songs of the Centuries." T h is was followed by another radio program dubbed "Eileen Farrell Presents." in 1947 -48, Eileen Farrell left the airwaves to begin a concert career. She has sung on many concert courses, music radio pro. grams, symphony and chamber orchestra programs and music festivals. In 1956 she made her1 grand opera debut. Miss Farrell's first Carnegie Hall recital came during 1950-51. During thit period she also gave 61 performances as soloist with the New York Philharmonic Orchestra in five separate engagements. Fifty -five of these performances were with the orchestra under Dimitri Mitropoulos whe% the orchestra played at the Roxy Theatre in New Ybork for a record two weeks stay. One Easter Sunday of 1951 she was heard in an all -Wagner program under Victor Do Sabata. SIngs Movie Theme In 194 Eileen Farrell made the sound track for "Interrupted Meiody," a filmed version of the life of Marjorie Lawrence. In 1955 Miss Farrell appeared at Town Hall in Philadelphia in the American Opera Oompanwf7 premiere production of Cherubini's "Medea." This evoked such unprecedented public and ,critical plaudits that it was repeated in 1956. At the invitation of the United States Informat'ion Agency Eileen Farrell in 1957 inaugurated the new Congrs Hall in Berlin, Germany. In 19M6 Miss Farrell made her grand opera debut with the San Francisco Opera, and 1957 marked her first appearance with the Chicago Lyric Opera. Connecticut born, Into a musical family, Eileen Farrell was taught first by her mother, who wax an instructor in singi at Btarrs College (now the University of Connecticut). She I married and the mothIer of two children. Trianon Application Due Deadline for Trianon Applications is5 p.m. today. Applications are avalabe at the Information Desk of the florida Union, and must be returned there today. Those applying for membership to the Women's Honorary Leadership Fraternity must have earned 70 hours of college credit and must have a mbdmum 2.58 average. '~5 .~. -~ She's Walking On Air' When the Florida State University circus opens at Florida Fleld, lovely Julie Milam will give thrills and chills to the auldlences as she performs daring feats of courage on her slack wire. 'Gator Gras' Fe stiviies Open Today For Week By GARRY SUTHERLAND Gator Staff Writer Gktor Gras, a week-long porgram of Spring festivities, officially opens today and will run through April 10. ISO To Sponsor International Week Here By DON RICHIE Qatar MtaffWrter International Week, the annual event sponsored by the International Students Organization. will be held on the campus beginning Sunday and running through Sat-' urday, April 10, according to Piero F. Urso, chairman. The first pArt of International Wee', until Thursday, will be coincidental with the Gator Gras events. Gator Gras has been in the planning stage for over two years. It was originally scheduled for the spring of 1958 but due to "forty million unforseen difficulties" it had to be postponed until the following Spring, according to General Chairman Jack Sites. The originally planned weekerid would have featured such events as a mass carnival, in which the proceeds would go either for charity Or the scholarship fund. A Saturday night banquet for all student leaders and a Saturday afternoon athletic event before the banquet. That night, afer their banquet an informal dance in the A lecture on Pakistan and i t s Hub, with three bands, was planneducational system, sponsored by ed. The tables would be moved the College of Education, will be outside, and there would be danc-I presented by Miss Vivian C. ing in the streets, Mardi Gras Prince at 7:30 p.m. Thursday in style. That is now part of next Room 214, Norman Hall. M i s S year's plan. Prince, Head of Technical ProcesBaneball Starts Gras ses at the University Library, studied for a period of time at ,the Gator Gras will now officially University of Dacca in Pakistan. begin with the Georgia Tech On Friday, the major event will bbal gam et 0 m tdy be the International Talent Show, Senator Hubert Humphrey to be presented in the University sponsored by the Lecture ComAuditorium at 8 p.m. This show mittee will speak at 8 p. m. today which last year presented the in the University Auditorium. theme, "Around the World in 8& The Florida Invitational Rifle Minutes" to an audience of almeet begins at 9 a. m. Saturday most a thousand, will feature acts at the Rifle Range and the Sigma by students from countries as Chi Derby and parade are set widely spaced as Germany a n d for the afternoon. At 8 p. m. Japan or Cuba and Scotland. the Florida State University FlyAdmission will be 35 cents per ing Circus, sponsored by Student person nd all proceeds will go toGovernment will perform on Flothe Foreign Students' Scholarship rida Field. Fund, which serves to defray emJudge Queen ergency expenses of "foreign" t'u.I Final judging for Gator Gras Qu' dents at the University. een will be held today at 5 p. m. The show will be repeated at Contestants are asked to wear the Auditorium Saturday at 2 pcocktail' dresses. Judging will m. be held in the University AuditorDance Slated ium, where a L!iall reception A Pan -American Dance, comwill follow. plete with appropriate motif, will The Student Jazz Concert to be held at the Hub from 8 to 12'be held Tuesday, April 7 in the *Gate Profits Will be Used For Char By BOB GILMOUR Gator Staff Writer "Flying High," Florida State's collegiate Big Top, will perform on Florida Field at 8 o'clock tomorrow night The circus is being presented by the University of Florida Student Government. The two hour, twenty act show features such acts as tight-rope walking, acrobatic skating, tumbling, trick bicycle riding, int'ricate feats on the high trapeze, as well as the inevitable clownsand a cast of hundreds. Don't dismiss "Flyng High" as "Just another bunch of amatures." The performance compares favorably with any professional talent. They dress in dazzling costumes -and utilize top-noto'h equipment. The circus uniquely performs to only one side of a stadium which will be the west side of Florida Field tomorrow night. The west aide gates and ticket windows will open at 6:30. Tickets may still be purchased ut the information booth of the Stadent Service Center, at various retail stores in GaFinesville, or at the gate on performance night. Adult tickets sell for $1; students 75 cents and children under 12, 50 cents. Student Government has assured both ample parking on the drill field and i n insurance, On the road shows, such as this one, are arranged by Coachei Jack Haskin and Jim I 1. Usually civic clubs sponsor tlhe FSU circus as a benefitbe( iio the circus is a sure money-maker when well managed, and tccvp:s only travel expenses. Any addit-ional money from admissions goes to the sponsoring organization for charity. Profits from the Student Gover nment presentation of "Flying High" will go to the Gator Ciest which in turn donates a portion to the G'reater Gainesville United Fund. The Student. Government presentation comes under the directorship of the secretary of soliritations, Gavin Obrien. General chairman of Circus Night is Buck Bradford. .9A' 9 .e I -I -----1 -.11 -as, a I 

PAGE 2

IN THE DARK Wayne, Award.Winners Featured At Local Flicks 1. When your friends impart confidences, do you feel (A) uncomfortable, or (B) complimented? 2. Do you prefer a task which demands (A) the organization of complex details, or (B) a constant flow of ideas? S. Would your first reaction to a difficult committee appointment be that you had been (A) "stuck," or (B) honored? 4. If you were a contestant on a quiz program which of these question categories would you prefer: (A) popular songs of today, or (B) current events? FE CORD SLACKS REG. 8.98 SALE 799 Your Campus favorite in a fine wash and wear cord. A full line of colors. BUY AT THIS STUDENT BUDGET PRICE Men's Shop-Street floor Trude Tricks Used LO43D AD a A[,D 1ne w es.k ,,.d mini.ms It Il hi nus Costumes I There are tricks in every trade robe of any woman whO wants and Coach Jack Haskin of Florida maxium effect at minim= cost," State University has quite a few says HaSkin. up his sleeve when it comes to Clothes are first desige4 with costume designing. a specific purpose in mind. Me In nineteen years of amateur gir who does a back shiri o a circus work, the professor af evolving tPeze bar nsed5 PO men's physical education has had bet"0 for her back. So her asto learn a great deal about costume, while it boasts a bare midtuming his performers. And he's rfin front covers her back from employed every trick in designshoulders to waist ing the -breath-taking wardrobe Versatility is another must m being used in the FSU annual any wardrobe and Haskin has circle. the answer to that problem. Such By BOB JEROME A top contender in the current Gator Staff Writer Oscar race, "The Defi'ant Ones," A double doze of John W'alner i the current Florida attraction. and two prize -winning novelG Tony Curtis and Sidney Poitier reach the local screens this week. have both received "best actor" One of the better John Wayne nominations for their portrayal of action films, "Flying Leathera pair of chain-gang fugitives. necks," returns to the State TheaFaulkner's "Fury" ter today and Saturday. As a MaWilliam Faulkner's "The Sound rine air ace, Wayne teams up with, and the Fury" opens Sunday at the Robert Ryan to wipe out the JaFlorida. Joane Woodward i the panese forces. rebellious teen-ager who wants to Two Academy Award "greats" escape the grasp of her domineer-"A Pl'ace in the Sun" and "Staing uncle (YUl Brjnner). The arfag 17" -are the State twin bill rival of a carnival worker (Stuart for Sunday through Tuesday. In Wnitman) brings the action to a "Sun" Elizabet-h Taylo-r lures head. Montgomery Clift away fro SheBoasting a big cast, "Rio' hley Winters. In "Stalag" William Bravo" opens Thursday at the Holden is a coc.' POW wno outFlorida. John Wayne is the strong wits the Germans. silent sheriff determined to prevCRIME AND SIN ent a prisoner from escaping. On Dostoievsky's c e I e b r ated his side are deputy Dean Martin, "Crime and Punishment" receives rifleman Ricky Nelson and appthe -adult foreign -film tTeatment ealing Angie Dickinson. via "The Most Dangerous Sin."-This State feature for Wednesday and Thursday st-ars Jean Gabin Contest Deadline Today as a detective who relentlessly The Deadline for entering in the tracks down a young murderer. The State midnig'hter fo'r SaturMiss University of Florida Oontes day is "Young M'an with a Horn.' has been extended because of the featuring Kirk Douglas, Doris Day ,Easter recess until 5 o'clock and jazz. this afternoon. MEN'S SHOP OPEN FRI. & MON. NITES 'TIL 9 FRIDAY AND SATURDAY ONLY! Your choice of Ivy League or pleated Dacron/Cotton __ tricks as sleeves that snap onto sleeveless white midriff bouse, detachable skirts, a switch In blouses are all simple but effective camouflage to make a set of basIc costumes do the work of a bulging wardrobe. Each of the circUS acts appears to be In differert color combinations but act. ually the same costumes see action over and over again throughout the performance. Believing that clothes ought to be, of the best possible material and workmanship to be really ecnomical. Haskin'i circus cost-, u'nes are well made to last many years with simple alteration& All of the Costumes are well made for a sudden ripping seam might spoil af act 80well as embarrass the performer. Biggest headaches are broken sipper. From bright Iridescent satin to filmy tulles and chiffon, ev. ery color of the rainbow can be seen in the sequin and glitter-bedecked costumes. And not only are they lovely to look at but they're practical and econocical as well. CLASSIFIED 14 FOOT runhbout, fargassed bottqm, hardware, windshield Bring wheel, controls andl cushions. 196 Evinrude 36 H.P.I and trauier $495.00 or closest offer. FR. 2.1657. HARLEY Davidson "165" Crash. bars, windshield, buddy seat, -good condition, $221.00 or closest offer. NI. 2-16K. U, WANT-Skin Diving Mqui ment o( all kinds, paruicarly large "wet type" shirt. Cawb ready. FR. 2-9427. A.T.O. House. WU.L hav. several nice student apartments for rent June 1st at special Summer rates. Mrs Jones. FR. 6-5636. V. M. Tape recorder, good condi4idw *Ae m w5 a%. m wu &v -Iretracto. on, two spUDam ndmanya xTELDSCOPE -Tasco refractor, excellent features, also Crosley acaro-matic lenses. 50 mm. obportable radio. $20.00. YR. '2jective, 600 mm. focal length. 2! 9179. Walter Juergensen, 307 eye pieces, 6 and 12 mm), inBlm C. verting priNns. tri pod. $C.00.1 FR.'6-4923. D rBANDCOMbO. All Musical Styles. Canmercial --Cool BOYS 28 inch bicycle, reasonably -Complete. Larry GibsonI priced. J. L. Negin. FR. 2-9477. Drawer 1190, Starke, Woodland 1106 S. W. 4th Ave. 4-3071. DOUBLE breasted white dinner Typewriter For Sale. Equipped jacket. 18% sleeve 18 shoulder. with special keys for banish, Black dress pants Wasst 28, Portuguese markings. L. C. length 31 $20.00 complete Call Smith standard Recently recon"Skipper" day FR. 2-4089 night ditioned. Bargain. Write L. H. FR. 6-2442. Gibson, Starke, Florida. Will deliver to Gainesville for $40.001 %-Ton Admiral portable roorh air-! conditioner, 9 months old. Excdllent condition .Ralph Bive FR. 2-9M8. ASST. Boats and cameras. Will sell or trade for what-have-you. Call Univ. Ext. 530 between 1200 and 1:00 or Fi. 24601 af-' ter 5:00. 4U6 Speed Graphic Ektar. 7/47, 127 mm. Flash and 9 film holdtotal. Private Water iD lessons. For information call FR. -3867. HAVE SOMETHING TO QELA? Run Clauifd in the FLARIDA ALLIGATOR. No charge for ads unless item is sold. FR 23367. WALI4LAngth powder blue evening gown. Rise 15, cost $80.00. 8.11 for $10.00, worn once. FR6-4186.' or. Other accessories. All in FOR RENT 2 Bedroom furnished very good condition. $1M50, apt. Nice for 2 to 4 students near JFJ. 6-474-T. FR. 6747.campus. $67.50 per moot),. Mrs. WORLD'S enly fully automatic J. Jones, FR 6-5638. cleaner.I stop wateh Times up ELEdTROLUXr IIto thIrty minutes. Just like new. New and used cleaner salesand Trade or sell. What have youth service. Free home demonstragot. FR. 2-867. tion. FR. 6-260 Roger Winters. 14 Ft. Square Sterm "KAL.AMA1987 JAWA motorcycle 5 H.P. ExZOO" Folding boat, fully equipcellent condition. Sacrifice $150. pod. Almost new. Sacrifice. F314-A Flavet I or FR 2-0441. 6-4130. Univ. Dct. 561. M. SIm.' I P 0 Awards Offered To UF Reporters campus correspondents for both daily and weekly newspapers in Flrida are eligible to win two awards for best reportingof campus events. Deadline for aubmitting clipp ings is Friday, April 10. All clippings must be turned into the News Bureau, Building H by 5 pAn., April 10. A minimum of 6 clippings is required. The two awards are the St. Petersburg Times Trophy awarded for the be"t correspondent in the daily field and the William L. Lowry award for the best correspondent in the weekly field. CHRIS 1. NEWBERN STUDIO Portraits, Fraternity and Sorority Composites Geinesville Shopping inter 1006 North Main Street WANTED For Summer Souls opening# still available for young men to work at an Eastern Boys Ranch. Must h ve knowledge of horses and be able to teach boys to rioe. Should have athletic and swimming background, Salary plus tips & Expenses. For applications and information make immediate contact with: THUNDER MOUNTAIN RANCH BEANS, NEW JERSEY. Electronic Hobbyists 6 r 10 Meter BC603 Receivers 20-28 M.C. 200 KC -2000 KC Marine Receivers UHF & Microwave Tunable Cavities 115V Solsyns 60 CPS resistors, copocitors, terrier strips, tubes, sockets, rotary switches, transformers, etc. 501 S.E. 2nd Street A E AD 42 kh SOCIALLY SPEAKING Derby, Circus Fill Weekend By GRACE HUINSON Oatr Society Editor Sigma Chi Derby, the Orange and Blue game and F.S.U.'s Crcus performance will take place this weekend and should be a "rip-roaring" follow-up to a "sunburning" past weekend. '7he Sigma Chi's are planning a stag rush party for tonight featuring a minstrel how by the Pi Lam's and movies of old Sigma C(hi Derbies. After Sorority compe'.Itive even tomorrow afternoon everybody is invited to Lhe Sigma Chi house for a big dance starring LtAe Johnry and his band tomorrow night. Trophies will be awarded event winners and Derby queen will be announced. Wednesday night the Phi Delt's and Alpha Chi's socialized. Tonight the Phi's are having a record party. Tomorrow night will be virrictly Left Bank -Bohemian for a Beat Generation affair with progressive jazz, candlelight, and costumes. High' Schoot Senior Rush tops the list of events for the Phi Game's ',his weekend, starting eiinge off with a banquet and partov at the Fijf -hut tonight Toa tie house. On Saturday, the The Sna'es win be thrrowing regirls and their dates will amire an cords (parties that is) tonight and all -day outing to St. Augustine tomorrow nigr: at the Sigma Nu Beach. house. Sandra Wentz was chosen as the new Lambda Chi Alpha Crescent girl at ';'te Lambda Chi's weekend' March 21. Members of her court included Babette LiPatrev, Barbara Scranton, Sue Crujnpler, Mrs. Gary Tullis, and Abble Heck. The Beta's recently elected Dave Hume, president; Hammer Ward, vice president. ; Dan Bing,, secretary; Ron Prati, treasurer;I George Brown, pledge master;' Jack Jung, social ChAirman; Bill (Back -at -Last) Morrison, chorister; Pete (The Fox) Moore, intramural manager. New pledges for the Be'a's include Dave Bal lard, president; Doug Grow, vice president; Dick Hartqmen P e t e Wolf, Dick Tomlin, Kit Skeen. Bill Wylie, Chuck Morgan, and Clarence O'Neil. April FOol's Social The Tri Delta house was t h e scene of an April Fool's Day social with the Kappa Alpha Sou':'ern Gentlemen on Wednesday evening. Sipping cider and dancing were followed by suitable entertainment by the original DDD Combo. Pi Lambda Phi recen-Sy initiatThe Newest DG pledges are Ca. rol Crownover and Pat Erra. Sunday afternoon the Delta Gamma pledges and second semester initites will ent-er.'ain all sorority pledges and initiates at a goodwill -congratulatory party with a caypeo ';Cieme. Kappa Sig Lawn Party The Kappa Sig's joined the ADRi's for a social Wednesday night. Tonight the Kappa Sigs have planned a "lawn party" in connection with Beta Lambda Sigma organization initiation of new members ill follow the part',. Tomorrow nig*1t the Kappa Sig's will have their annual Spring Party and "black and blue" dance. In the afternoon a Spring tubing parry is planned. Tonight t'he SAE's are record partying. Tomorrow morning the brothers and pledges will travel to the &%eriffs Boy's Ranch at Live Oak for a service -project wor~c partly. The first chapter )ft t'he B.B.O. was heldl'ast Monday night. Charter members J o h Brennan, Charlie Vensel, E d d i e Tyler and Bob Smith initiated Bob Kahlert and Tom Pitcher. I nitiya .J.-----------------ed thirteen men who made a 2.5 t'ion will be held soon for pledge me aubrg e Fiji's a n d or better average last semester. Johnny Maxon. Activities will cargucests wiatt .e ji' FstTandThe new Pi Lams are: Buz Loden, ry on as usual at Tarington Hall ue and i tater urn to the houseDoug Schwartz. Howard Owen, this weekend. cue anlertErv Shames, Jim Miapro, Gary AEPhi is proud to announce for dancing. Brooks, Fred Basch, Ron Lefcotheir new initiates W'o are : BeIy AOPI (llCer, witx, Ron Grassi, Steve Issenberg, Barnett, Renee Geyer, Lynn GinAOPI second semester pledgeI Steve Greenberg, Mike Wasserson. Ellen Kobre Libby M'annis, officers are Jane Yusko, presid-, man, and Joe Fleming. Tomorrow Marjorie Miller, Bonnie Schaft, ent; Lindsey Chapel, secretarynight the Pi Lams will throw a Iris Slater. Toby Spar. Julie Steintreasurer; Jenny Clements, social banner party. "Fat Daddy" Hill berg, Susie Siegel. Arlene Trupcrairman. The AOPi's are look'and his racketeers and Barry Zimkin, Judy Wagman. Linda Wideing forward to Rose Ball weekend! bler and his magic horn will. proman, Bobbie. Yorra, and Marjornext Frida7 and Saturday. A banvide music. ie Jaffe. quiet atthe Holitday Inn Friday g night will be followed by a formal'rage 2-The Florida Alligator, Friday,_April 3, 1959 ISO Week Set (Continued From Page ONE) I' with augmentation from time Vo time by guest rythm sections composed of Latin American students. Admission will be $2 per couple. The International Students Organization was established on the campus five year. ago by Dr. Ivan J. Putnam Jr., Adviser to Foreign Students, with the aim of promoting a better understanding between the students of all nations present on the campus and generally to mnace ti~em "feel at home.'"There are 375 students, represening about 50 nations, presently enrolled at the University. One of the facts that ISO hopes to stress is the fact that the organization is not made up solely of students from outside the United States, but also seeks more U. S. students to actively participate. Information on the International Students Organization and tickets to the Talent Show and PanAmerican Dance m'ay be obtained at the ISO office, Room 31, Florida Union. Tickets to the events may a&Vso be purchased at the door. SG Power Battle (Continued From Page ONE) used as a weapon to block cabinet appointments by Joe Ripley, Student Body president .elect. The Student Body constitution 'requires all cabinet appointments to be approved by the exec coun-; cil. It 13 rumored tis will be used by the Campus Party to force politcal appointments from t h e i r, own pa rty 7%e most probable retaliation that Ripley would use in such an instance is the appointment of "Commiasoners" to the cabinet posts. Same job, same people. but a different name which doesn't' require exec council approval. To which Ed Nolan, unsuccessful Campus Party candidate for vice -president said, "Alir admin. istrations which have had comrmiosioners for cabinet positions 1 hve had bad records."I 808 W. University Ave. FR 6-4641 FRATERNITIES, SORORITIES, .ALL CLUB GROUPS The Gracious Host wishes to remind you that reservations are ovoilable during the month of March in our BANQUET ROOM Your group will enjoy the savory food and luxurious service that has mode Pork Lane so popular with the students ^L5 nP P 4 AAPM lII Tils SHOqRQUIZ Do You Think for Yorself ?9 Do you find that you work or study more efectively (A) under supervision, or (B) en your own schedule? is it your feeling that clae riendabips with supemors would be (A) a great help, or (B) actually a bhindrane tt your career with a Arm? Which, to your mind, has the greater nlunce on you in making a good grade: (A) the instructor, or (B) the subject matter of a coure Do you beheve that the saying "haste makes waste" is (A) always true, or (B) often fale? 6 94 rill 11 I TOMORROWS DERBY DAY -Getting in a little pre-game practice for Sigma (hi Derby Day contests are Carol Crownver and Pat Arra, both Delta amma's. HILLEL HOLIDAY SUNDAY, APRIL 5th ONLY "BRING A FRIEND TO BRUNCH" 65c Per Person 11:00 a.m. 'TI 2 for $ 1.0012:30 p.m. FPCAIPTIONS FILLED LEN4E DUPIUCATED 0 P T ICA L C 0. 932 W. Uu~i' AMe. -A=:ParkingFA 2-04001 .W EUROPEAN STUDY TOURS NOW-HAVE FUN IN YOUR SUMMER TRIP TO EUROPE-AND EARN COLLEGE CREDITS TOO' Special student study tours enable you to study French, Spanish, German, Art, Political Science, etc., at the Universities of Grenoble, Bordeaux, Barcelona and others. These tours are sponsored by U.S. universities such as Teachers College (Columbia University) Willamette, Long Island University, in cooperation with the Students' international Travel Associaion (SITA). Full sightseeing programs are included in these tours to help make your trip a more satisfying experience For further details consult WORLD TRAV EL aSKFRV IC K I I I I I I P. Haskin and his crew of costumne desigers-all of whom are circus performers as well as art students at, the University-have been working all year on getting together the costumes for the 200 circus performers. "The basic rules for good circus costumes apply to the wardIFC Blood Drive Booms; Chi Phi Leads In Race With the Spring elections w over, more and more of the ha-' ternities are joiini ad q porting the Interfratert y cmm. cli's blood drive. C*1 Phi i leading the race is the total pint trophy with mtny pints. Alpha Ga = he in top in the re for the pseceat. age trophy with fitteem percent donation. Closest eontsmders are Delta Upsilon, Lambda CM Alps and Sigma CL The drive will end May 14, and the two trophi-es wi be awarded. 

PAGE 3

k FLORIDA'S 'CAPE COD' Key for Lazy By WALT ROBSHAW Laze away tho day fishing in the cross-hatched shade of an old fish net, stretched on a weather beaten dock extending over the emerald waters of the Mexican Gulf. ..dream away your life and troubles where time does ail but stand still. This is the South's answer to "Old Cape Cod." This is Florida's Ceiar Key. Years ago, a railroad baron named William Plant made a decision to by -pass Cedar Key with his railroad, and Tampa became th* state's leading Gulf port. The little village, with the high hopes used up the abundant stands of virgin timber that its city fathers had hoped would lure the railroad and with Its hopes of being a shipping enter gone, Cedar Key turned to the sea for Its income. This is the way A is now. Cominercial fishing boats come and go, charter boats carry the sport fishermen to the big holes where the finny denizens swarm the wreckage of old ships, and on the shore less adventuresome folks fish from the docks, take pictures, or just relax in the restaurants and P tavern suspended above the rippling waters. This Is where the enterprising college student with a limited al-c lwance and a craving for salt ar and bright wun can go. This GUARANTEED WATCH & JEWELRY REPAIRING COLES JEWELERS Since 1908 315 W. University Ave. Living .1 -. -.-. Florida's Cape Cod? This old weather-beaten building over-hanging the waters the Gulf of Mexico is typical of the lazy living atmosphere that prevails In the fishing village of Cedar Key. is the spot for that Sunday evencovers its calm placid look and ing fish fry with hushpuppies and life begins again after the brief of course beer can be purchased hesitation. here on Sundays too. Ageless and unchanging, lazy Cedar Key is a small island and relaxed-this is the town toperched at the end of State Road day. As long as the sea rolls in SR 24, an hour's drive west of and the fish continue to inhabit Gainesville. Facing the open wathe sea, Cedar Key will go about ters on the Gulf it has felt the fury its pleasant unhurried existence. of an occasional tropical storm. During which time the weather beaten buildings get a little more! student Combos beaten and perhaps a fishing boat kA L. I .I or two is damaged by wind and water, but the raging Gulf soon reClass Seems Confused, Fill Which Bed? Students in the School of Journalism's magazine wr-ing class questioned a sentence In a classmnue's arUcle on mushroom growing. It was, ,Mush. room growers have traditionally used composted horse manure to fill their beds." Charlie's Little Nite Club THE CHATTER BOX 4550 N.W. 6th Street, Goainesville AVAILABLE FOR SMALL PARTIES DANCING EVERY NIGHT WITH LATEST MUSIC COME-BRING DATES-OR STAG FR 2-9196 I 110SIJDI T flT? A column of Incidental Intelligence by brand 7T'I I "PRACTICE WHAT YOU PREACH" Sounds like advice right out of "Poor Richard", but Ploutus said 'it many centuries before Ben Franklin. Classical schoars, of course, know this statement in its original Latin: "Focios pse quod faciamus *des." I "'I I I 1 I1 "EVERYONE TO HIS OWN TASTE" There has never been any accounting for tastes, and the man who appreciated this truth first was Francois Rabelais. In his "Pantagruel", he coined this now-famous judgment: "Every one to his taste, as the woman said when she kissed her cow." "LOVED AND LOST" It's better than not loving at all according to Lord Tennyson's "In Memoriam", XXVII: "I hold it true, whote'er befolil/ feel it, when I sorrow most/'Tis better to have loved and lost/Than never to have loved at al." Jocke' SKANTS strped brief "Purely ensational"that's the judgment of college men who have seen the new Jockey Striped SKANTS. Jockey stylists have taken this 100% stretch nylon bikini-style brief.*dded candy stripes. .and produced a garment you'll really enjoy wearing. SKANTS is cut high an the sides with a low waistband and comes in a choic. of red. block. green. rust or 011 1AS No cap to lose. no bottle to break. Just press the i o mKe ounsU By CLAIRE COOPER Each spring, a battery of concerts come to campus -homegrown and imported, from classical to jazz. The spring of 1959 will see a beginning, a home -grown jazz concert, three solid hours of it, honoring the unsung men who produce the "Sounds Around." The Fine Arts Committee of the Florida Union has found around campus eight scattered cambos, from Latin American to progressive jazz. They've put them together in a single program and have given them each 20 minutes and complete freedom to present their specialties. The groups have made it clear that they "will not be grinding out dance music." In the informal atmosphere of the Florida Union Social Room there won't be room to dance. The all -student combos will Include specialists in brass, progressive, folk, Latin American, Dixieland and rhythm and blues. "Sounds Around" 7 p.m., April 7 will be part of the week -long Spring Carnival, "Gator Gras," planned by the Fine Arts Committee. Admission will be free. Election Expenses Due All candidates in th. recent Student Body election are required to turn in expense forms with receipts to the Chancellor of the Honor Court in the Florida Union by 5 p.m. April 4th. 0 Prairie Turned Out to Pasture By BILL PEARCE Payne's Prairie, once a lake, a savanna, and now a prairie of 32,000 acres of rich, tillable land one mile south of Gainesville, ha been returned to its original use -that of pasture land for cattle. Payne's Prairie, or perhaps a better known name is Alachua Lak eBasin, has undergone a cycle o filling and draining as long aA history records. In the floor of the old lake is a funnel shaped depression that diverts surface dra inage underground known as the Alachua Sink. At various times in the past, when the sink became clogged or heavy rainfall emptied into the basin, Alachua Lake was formed. Drainage and rainfall have determined whether it was a lake, a savanna, or a prairie. Origin of Name Unknown Exactly where Payne's Prairie, also known as Alachua Savanna, received its name is unknown. Mrs. Ida McDonald of Gainesville lists two possible sources. It may have been named for King Payne, an Indian chief, son or nephew of Secoffee who ca-me to Florida In 1774 and founded the Seminoles. Payne was killed by Colonel Newnans' forces In 1812. Or it may have been named for a Dr. Payne who had large holdings south of the lake and lived in Micanopy. Dr. Payne undertook to improve the orange by budding sweet orange seedlings onto the wild orange stock. Wet and Dry Wilbur L. Floyd, author of Probable Origin of Payne's Prairie, states that John Bartram, pioneer American botanist, reported the basin filled when he visited it in 1776. It was dry when visited by James Pierce in 1824. The basin is supposed to have been a lake from 1877 -1891. In the fall of 1891, it became very dry and except for temporary overflows has remained dry since that date. Rocky Point, on the northwestern border, was an outstanding region for growing winter vegetables prior to the great freeze In 1894-95. The first rock road in the state was built by the men of Rocky Point over which to haul their truck to the freight depo. Before the road was built, when the lake was at Its height, the crates of vegetables were loaded onto boats and poled to the head of Biven's Arms, the first lake on the right of Highway 441 traveling south from Gainesville. About this same time a small steamboat, the "Chachala," was launched and began its works of stopping at the landings Around the lake unloading freight and picking up vegetables. "A couple years ago the boys over at Grove (Hall) collected king snakes from the Prairie and put them In the dorm counselor's bed," spoke a senior with authority. "I know," he added with a grin, 'I was the counselor." Just as the area itself has changed through the years so has its value -as it returns to Its original use. 0 Frosh Learns of Gator Traditions As He Meets 'Campus Characters' By MICKEY ELLENBURG Each year in colleges and univerfities new students arrive and old students leave but certain campus mainstays always remain as a well -known facet of the campu lire. The University of Florida in no exception. Despite the fact tfrat numerous persons, students and o t h e rwise, have expressed Vie opinion that the University of Florida has no tradition, there are campus characters thai have existed for many generations of students and are generally accepted as permanently molded into the school's atmosphere. This I)he story of Joe Frosh and how 'be becomes acqirainted with the campus personalities -Af the land of the Gabor. Joe starts off the year realizing his ambit'lon -a fraternity party with a lovely coed. The unsuspecting couple are just getting with the swing of the party when they are blinded by a bright' flash. After they can see again they spy a 'Short little man with a tall canmera flitting away to the tune of more flashes and a few giggles. Others try to attract the attention of the flash to themselves with "Over here." Those interested Are Cordially Invited To Attend The CHRISTIAN SCIENCE Campus Organization Meetings Sundays At 6:45 P.M. Florida Union Auditorium Joe has met his first character, Woody, the miss -nothing shutterbug who invariably appears at fraternity and sorority houses catching human nature on film. During his six semesters orf Uni. versity Collegle and more parties Joe will soon regard "Woody" as part of the scenery. Who is "Woody"? His legal name is Francis W. Wood and le is a gradirate of Purdue University with a Chemical Engineering Degree. "Woody" has been a familar figure -at student events for five years, since he came to the campus from the University of Texas where he spent 15 years doing the same history -of-parties on film worc. On a trip through the Post Office Joe spots his first 'Beatnik'. A bearded, individually dressed character followed by his two faithful dogs. Joe thinks this guy is a little old to still be around even with all the probationary time allowed to a guy for bad breaks. Nope, Joe missed his guess, this one isn't a 'Beatnik' but he is as familiar around the campus as some of the crazes. It is Ray Brannan who is often seen and little Business Equipment Co. COMPLETE LINE OF OFFICE MACHINES Electric-Standard-Portable Sales-Service-Rentals FRanklin 6-7456 505 S.W. 2nd Ave. __________________________________ 1~ Mac Sez: 0 I'm sorry that we've been out of Corned Beef and Pastrami, but now we really have it-it's served on Jewish rye. We also stocked up on our famous Steaks since the boys were away. So come and get 'em. Still $1.25 -with French Fries and Chopped Salad. Open Till 7 p.m. Closed Sunday Wonder House Restaurant Back of Sears Roebuck 14 S.W. First Street known about. Many rumors about an electrographic pencil and sign him circulate such as: he holds the pledge when you finish." an engineering degree, he's a former professor. etc. The truth is' that he went to school here and was on the tennis team, but never graduated. He now sells bicycle parts in Gainesville. Joe's education is progressing. Learning of the more important people on tWie campus has made him turn to searching for t h e ones he, and maybe others, h-ave missed. The search is interrupted by a progress test. Joe spends the time between supper and test time studying his course outline and then he hurriedly leaves for his test. He is just seating himself at 7 p.m. when the tense silence of the room is broken by a dul monotoile, "This is a progress test in X-13 and you have 90 minutes o complete the test. You must use Searching takes a back seat as Joe goes home for the weekend and returns with his dad's car. Getting up Monday morning-about 11:55-Joe gets ready to get a belated breakfast when be f i n d t a yellow slip on 'hio windsii-eld. Joe has indirectly met the phantom of the campus, the cAImpus cop. If Joe plays it straiglit he will have few meetings w the man in blue but if he can't park within t'he lines or doesn't have time to park off campus 1'ni first two years he will ag in Ieceive the yellow calling card. Anxious to continue his s 1r'ch Joe rushes through a meul at the cafeteria, bursts through the wvst door and down the steps to be greeted by the most shunned character on the campus, a splashing, stinking spray of water. The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 3, 1-959-Page 3 LEWIS JEWELRY COO "Gainesville's Leading Jewelers" FOR OVER A QUARTER CENTURY 200 W. University Ave. Phone 2-41U6 Home Owned -Home Operated AUTHORIZED AGENCY. DIAMONDS "KEEPSAKE" "PRISM-LITE" "CORONATION" "GARLAND" "CRESCENT" "LADY CROSBY" "FAITH" "JABEV AUTHORIZED AGENCY. WATCHES 'LONGINES-WITTNAUER" "H ELBROS" "HAMILTON" "WALTHAM" "ULOVA" "ELGIN" "BENRUS" "MIwo" CROTONN" 11 English Enlish:.POIL,c~r Sr,4y'g sh: SLOW-WITTED BASEBALL PLAYER rhinklish translation: The guys who patrol the fences on this man's team include a slugger (cloutfielder), a braggart (shoutfielder) and a sorehead (poutfielder)-reading from left field to right. The clod in question-a lout/ielder-rarely breaks into the line-up. He thinks RBI is the second line of an eye chart. But he's no doubtfielder when it comes to smoking. He goes all out for the honest taste of fine tobacco ...the unforgettable taste of a Lucky Strike! CI G A R E 7 STTS HOW TO MAKE *2 5 Take a word-institution, for example. With it, you can make an aquarium (finstitution), q bowling alley (pinstitution), a fireworks factory (dinstitution) or a saloon institutionon. That's Think. lish-and it's that easy! We're paying $25 for the Thinklish words judged best -.ur check's itching to go! Send your words to Lucky Strike, Box 67A, Mt. Vernon, N.Y. Enclose your name, address, university and class. ;-? .a .mu .. THE FIRST Pressurized Shaving Lotion Now you can enjoy Yardley After Shaving Lotion. famous for crisp, cool scent and nick-healing touch, in the new Jetstream pressurized container. I r -, iw. i I IL 

PAGE 4

If Page 4 Editorials Friday, April 3, 195 A Work Among the most pressing items that will face the Florida Legislature when it convenes for its biennial session next week will be the controversial school integration issue. And with the relatively wide spread that exists in attitude toward the integration issue, we can expect some long heated debates. No legislator would commit political suicide by openly advocating integration in the shools, but a good many from the state's urban areas would fall into the category of "progressive moderates." On the other hand, we have the neo-Dixiecrats who will fight any and all measures which would abide by the 1954 U. S. Supreme Court ruling. Plans to evade the edict of the federal court vary. but all are weak and could not possibly do more than serve as another impotent delaying action. The three plans now in the spotlight are the Pupil Assignment, the Last Resort, and the Parent Option. All three are obviously simply evasive measures. But, if Florida is to continue to advance and Increase its status among other states of the nation, its citizens and their representatives must realize the inevitable and sensibly adjust to it. Modern problems cannot be solved by denying their existence or by trying to revert to previous methods of a bygone era. Let's be realistic, the "Old South" is just as dead as the "Ancient Regime" of pre-revolutionary France. We should be proud of our heritage and culture, but not cloak it In ugly folds of out-dated bigotry. About the only rational argument against school integration is that a mass influx of 'Negro children, who in general have a much poorer academic background, will lower the academic standards of our schools. Any intelligent citizen will readily admit the existence and seriousness of the problem-especially in view of the -already inadequate standards in many areas. But does the answer lie in closing the schools? No more than does the answer to a headache lie in decapitation. The obvious solution to the entire problem-that is, the problem as it exists on a rational basis-seems to have been completely ignored. Why not have a school system divided into strata according to ability and performance ? LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Says Profs, Paper Guilty on Race Issue Editor: Congratulations for printing my letter. I did not believe that you had enough intestinal fortitude to print it. le Plan The plan, of course, would have to be worked out in detail as to administration. But here is a rough outline. Divide the school system into, say, three sections -advanced, intermediate and slow. Whether the division would exist in entire schools or simply classrooms would depend upon the size of the community-but in either case each section would progress at a predetermined rate in keeping with the ability of its group of students. However, each of the three categories would progress at a different rate. An analogy could be drawn here at the University with some of the Ccourses. Some of them now have an honors section, which would correspond to the advanced section; while the regular classes would be the equivalent to the plan's intermediate section. To complete the analogy, we would simply add a glower-moving section to the same C-course. Pupil assignment to the various sections could be on a dual basisability and performance. Initial placement could be determined by results from I. Q. and general knowledge tests, similar to those given by the state to all high school seniors. They would have to exist, of course, for all age levels. A student would also be judged on performance. If he were placed in the intermediate section and while there did outstanding work. he would then be advanced to the top section. If, however, through lack of application and study he fell far behind the class average-he would be reassigned to the lower group. Such a setup would serve both as an incentive and a reward for study-as well as placing a child where he would best fit in. But most important of all, such a setup would solve the problem of lowered standards in schools that not only would be caused by integration but that currently exists due to the drag of slow-learners among the White students. A state -wide testing program would, of course, cost money. But so will Rep. W. H. Reedy's proposed million dollar public relations campaign and the other unrealistic and evasive plans. What's more, a plan like this would make Floida stand out to the world as a Southern state that took an intelligent. realistic and ethical approach to the race problem.-LF It is hard for me to remain anomymous, but f must because some of the professors that teach here are for integration. I believe that the professors Reader Claims C-5 Lecturer Aids Students with Opera Spring. .When All The Lovelies Get Pinned IN. AN.D' .-AROUND UF 'International House' Would Have Advantages A VOICE F ROM INDIA Some Views on the Dilemma of Sleep By SID MITTRA The Easter is over. Students and teachers are back to the University and busy hours have started. Some students intelligently caught up with their sleep during the holidays. There are others, however, who decided to have a hectic time and will now be forced to fall back upon 'No Doze' tablets available at the CT. Is this problem so easy" I am afraid not. Great men have fr". quently asked the time honored question to themselves: 'Is sleep a waste?' and have arrived at different answers. Medical auth. orities say that sleep accounts for about a third of our whole lives and is absolutely nece-sa-v for a healthy growth of the bod;and mind. Religious people, on the other hand opine that sleep is a criminal waste of :ime and therefore sleeping hours should be curtailed to a minivnum. Here a're some of the statements made by great men of the world about sleep: "Five hours for an elderiv man. six hours for a young man, seven hours for a woman, eight hours for a simpleton"-Napol. son Bonaparte. "Sleep is a death" -Sir Tho. mas Browne. "There are millions o. people who lo and long in vain. for the deep. sound sleep that iessential to a full and happy life." -Dr. Heinz Graupner, "Blessings on him that first in. vented sleep: it covers a man all over, thoughts and all. like I cloak: It is meal for the hun. gry, drink for he thin"'Lv heat for the cold, and cold for the bot."-Miguel de Cervantes. "A man who g e st6 IA & "It goes without saying that, in our modern civilization, we don't get enough sleep while in bed. And so we indulge in tho charming pastime of the Doze" -Robert Benchley. "Oh sleep -it is a gentle thing, Beloved from pole to pole -Samuel Taylor Coleridge. "What hath might to do with sleep"' -John Milton. "Sleep must be procured, by nature of art" -Robert Burton. >Peace of mind is the best sleeping-draught" -Anon By DAVE LEVY Former Aligator Editor Have any of you been on a campus with an International House? This is usually a structure housing students from'nations abroad and from the Americas. Meals of different lands are served and there is a great deal of exchange between the students who live in the house and the campus at large I broached the subject of an International House during a recent conversation with Dr. Harold Riker, D ir ec t o r of Housing. I found him most recept i v e to such an idea, and of course construction of such a building on the campus would require his approval. All of the dormitories at UPF now are built on a plan of accommodating a great many students. They are level structures, such as Hume Hall. or vertical housing units such as Buchman. But except for the fraternity and sorority houses, there are none on campus which really resemble the "family" units in which students live, eat and do things in common. THE WIRELESS What Next? The Coves of Philosophy By CLIFF ARQUETTF, The College of Philosophy is situated in an old cave just outside the limits of this vast metropolis. I crawled through the narrow limestone archway inscribed w-it.h "No Street Shoes. Smokes or Cokes," down to a cluster of bew'rinkled, bearded professors who were watching some old Castle Films o, the back wall. while a lute and reed-pipe trio played "The Theme From Peter Gun." The pedants were completely" absorbed in a deep philosophical discussion as I fell in. 1st Pedant: "I think the Hub has lousy coffee." 2nd Pedant: "W h a t does that have to do with existentialism ? 1st Pedant: "What do you m e a n by that' ?" 3rd Pedant: "SHADDUPt 1 can't hear the flick."' A small. well..-_._ was then I realized that there was little Hope left for me. S,, Hope and I passed some time thumb-wrestling and playing a couple hands of Fish. I finally quit in a pout when Hope drew her Yangt7e Derringer, blasted mv arm off at the elbow a-nd walked away with a pe-*fectly good hand. I walked along a dark tunnel, paumiing only to scrape the gum off my feet and sidestep an occasional Lexington Avenue Shuttle headed for Grand Central. A small boy was following a trail of string in the opposite direction as I turned into a room. "HeMr'." he said, "Your magical. ain't va^" "Why do you say that. Tommv' boy" I replied gently. as I watched Injun Joe creep up, brandishing a scimitar. "Cause ya just turned into a room." I closed the door on Tom's and Becky's laughter and silently wished Joe the best of luck. "What can I do for thou? asked a white-bearded man who was sitting In the corner. He wore a tall. half-moon bedecked dunce-cap which fit snugly over, "I love you.'' she -rephed, flinging herself to the floor with laughter. "And I love you." I parried and w e went and diid a little spelunking. I guess we had finali' seen the light as we departed from the cave to wander the world as gadflies. I TODAY -SATURDAY TINY CURInS -SDNEY rom STARTS SUNDAY 'AND IN THE An International House would provide such -a setting. Furthermore, it would create incalculable good will between American and foreign students. Educational events could be scheduled regularly in the International House, as well ae meals representing different lands. I am sure Dr. Riker would welcome any ideas on this subject and I think it is something worth while to discuss. Many new dormitories are going to be constructed on this campus in the near future, legislature willing. It would be better, to ha'. e more "family -type units on a campus which is growing so large that soon no one will know what anyone else is doing. * Some more notes on the recent election. This wao probably the moot optimistic type campaign I've seen on the campus. Both parties seemed eager to base their campaign on alerting the. electorate the issues involved, and in seeing a good voter turnout. Both Sides seemed to dwell more on "issues" than in years past. This is a good sign. And present StudentGo'rvernment cooperated in trying to make the campaign a successful one, and meaningful to the students at large. I would recommend to J o a Ripley thet he make a serious effort to carry'thishmood forward next year. Perhaps som)re forums on campus would do the trick in acquainting people with the Student Government messape. The large voter turnout last month indicates student interest. That vote should be a sign that the student body wants to know the issues. not only at election time, but all year long. TODAY & SATURDAY CKISI $1 TECHNMCOLOR $M'uvdav Lata aShw I "SNOWFIRE" Don McGowan SATURDAY, APRIL 4th "THE PROUD REBEL" Amn Lodd "LA PARISENNE" Brigette Bardot "THE VILLER IS LOSE" Joseph Cotton SUNDAY & MONDAY APRIL 5th & 6th "THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA"# C --,. I should t'eac'h and practice tie laws of the state of Florida. The. laws that concerning (sic iin. tegration. This paper is continually trying to misguide the public in what is rigit. The "Alligator' -ways manages to be on tbo left side of the fence. The U.S. Senator race and the race question are my two main gripes I do not believe that it is right for the "Alligator" to give on'y one side of an'y question The majority of the students may differ with the editors. We the students, are paying for the paper and the paper ma;' be en. doring isic) one of our most cm-. tradictor philosophy. -Hate sheets" axe not the WAV to solve our racial problems The question is how' I fully hope that you was be ing irony isic) in the statement "that we need communistss' to demand for majority groups the rights guaranteed to them in the Constitution of the U.S." If no' bringing on the watch dop. Charley. The time 'has come for t* iniver ity to find out if afl t% students want integration h.fqorp. all "Hell breaks loose." We weitold that we would have only one Negro. Now we have two. Next year w will have more. Soon all parts of the univeritv will be open. Then t'he'y will be in our dorms,. our roomna'e Some%'heTe between now ani the future the dan will hrftk and we will be flooded with Ne groes or the IT. S. Army tr .ing to keep order. Which will it be' Lcts start tbe Nall rolling' from the local level and go to the top. I know that I sound like a nig ger hater, but I am not. I jiw don't want them to go to school with us. The Negro race has progr';s mici 'onsiderahlmsin'e the Civ'il War with the aid of the white man and themselves The Negro will pvo css more in the future in thei' sc'ionlA This will he safer in the long run and will help prevent mixed marri-age. ('ampus K. R. K. COMPANY, Inc. Editor: in response to Mr. or Miss "intellectual" who has some pri. or knowledge of, 'and interest in. intellectual and cultural affairs concerning te C-courses: May I compliment you Sir, or Ma'am, on your initiative in rising above our "cornpone" heritage before entering the Univ. of Fla. Somehow, I seem to recall this certain C-5 professor's statement concerning his knowledge tLiat some of the C-5 students already knew something about music, opera, painting. etc. So please, don't make a rash statement fas you did in the first nine words of your contribution to the journalistic "hall of fame.") and then link it with a man who has already given you credit for being above the other 99-99-100 per cent of us who profess to possess very little, If any, prior knowledge about Ccourse$. And I ma summarize the opinions of ,he first 25 students who attended said lecture that I interviewed? "Having had no contact with this drama, Professor-certainly achieved his purpose of keeping the student's attention by explaining the activity behind the music, since no mimeographed notes on the drama were available." "I dare say many of the stuents learned more from this presentation than they ordinarily would !iave if someone else had given a cut 'and dried, ta'e it or leave it type lecture." My own interpretation of your altitude is that you are a Maa's boy orta Mama'srgirl who has never been in contact with th outside world. but rather ,shielded from all such disgusting. annoying crude. contacts of humanity. Better wake up soon. The Univ. of Fla. could very well benefit from a few more Recovering Coed Needs Cheering Editor: This is to advise you that my daughter, Marlene Stacey, who is in her Junior year at the University of Florida, underwent heart surgery on March 19 at The Children's Medical Center, 300 Longwood Avenue, Boston 15, Mass. The operation is a success, and her recovery is satisfactory. It will be about two weeks before we will be back home in Florida. (Gotha. Florida -Orange County -West of Orlanddo) She would be very happy to hear from her friends at the University. She was a resident of Mallory Hall the first two years, and was a resident of Broward HaUl during the third year. until she was compelled to withdraw from school right after the Christmas Holidays, in preparation for the heart surgery. She will need a lot of eheering up from here on out, and cards or letters from the bovs and girls at school will help tremendously. She is anxious to get back home, and looking forward to getting back to school thi fall, and possibly this summer. M. 6. Stacey. FRIDAY, APRIL 3rd "I WANT TO LIVE" Susan Hayward (By the Authorof "Rally Round the Flog, Boys! amd, "Barefoot Boy with Cheek.*) THE TRUE AND TYPICAL CASE OF CHATSWORTH OSCEOLA You all know, of course, that every engineering -Aenor i receiving fabulous offers from dozens of corporations, but do you know just how fabulous these offers are? Do you heve any idea how widely the corporations are competing? Let me cite for you the true and typical case of Chatsworth sceola, a true and typical senior. Chatsworth, walking across the M.I.T. campus oe day la week, was hailed by a man sitting in a yellow convertible studded with precious gem stones. "Hello, 'said the man, "Iam Norwalk T. Sigafoos of the Sigafoos Bearng and Bushing CoMpany. Do you like this car?" "Yeah, hey," said Chateworth. "It's yours," aid Sigafoos. "Thanks, hey," said Chatsworth. "Do you like Philip Moiris?" said Sigafoos. "Of cors," said Chatsworth. "Here is a pack," said Sigafoos. "And a new peek wfil be delivered to you at twelve-minute intervals every day as ift WS V'U 'Shall live." "Thank', bey," said Chatsworth. "Does your wife like Philip Morris"' said Sigafor. "She would," said Chatsworth, 'but I'm not marmwd.l "Do you want to be? said Sigafoos. "What American boy doesn't?" sid Chatsworth. Sigaioos pressed a button on the dashboard of his convertible and the trunk opened up and out came a nubile maiden with golden hair. flaw-es features, a perfect di~wisition, and the appendix already removed. "This iLaurel Geduldig," maid Sigafoos. "Would you kike to marry her?' '%114 e4 11ba "',,her appendix out?"said Chatsworth. "Yeq said Sigafoos. "Okay, hey," said Chatsworth. "Congratulatons," said Sigafooe. "And for the happy bride, a pack of Philip Morris every twelve minute for the .da her Wiie." -Thanks, hey," said Laurel. "Now then," said Sigafooq to Chateworth, "let's get dowm to businem. My company will start you at $45,000 a year. You will retire at full salary upon reaching the age of 26. When you start work, we will give you a three-story house made of bunion, complete with a French Provincial swimming pool. We will I I Ad No. 125S-Req. No. 78992-26 in.-B&W-2 col. 3 1 '16 x 13 in. College Newspapers, Week of March 9, 1959 dynamic, energetic personalities such am this certain C-5 professor. Clarence Goodson Student Blasts Prof's Lecture Editor, The past article which deals with the C-5 opera lectures should be recognized as the Article of the Year," and he or she should be immediately placed on the staff of The Florida Alli. gator. It is good to hear that there are others who are seeking above -the -waist appeal to suc'h fine music that the department could, if they could find the intellectual, present. If University students can only be taught by an association of music to who if they do. are a small minority, then the University is beating the air, ax far as doing anything substantial. Such blast towards "Religion in Life Week" is immature and direct insult to those who want to include religion in their lives. We want to have our coeds respected and the men do not wish to be described as a bunch of hungry hounds. The professors are supposed to give the background, so that w, may appreciate the piece. It seems to niny that t'nere is more in "DON GIOVANNI" than the expression. "mile tres." If this is a necessary part of thepiece to better understand it, then I recant my statement. Eugene Godreau 2UC' LEO BURNETT I' I r o *" 

PAGE 5

Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Tau's Down PKP, I Gruh Blue league lead By SCOTT ANSELMO Gator Sports Writer I Using larger bracket oneas a springboard, Phi Kappa Tau surged to the Blue League volleyball championBhip and captured first place in overall intramurals thus far. In doing so, the current kingpins unseated perennial Blue encounter, the championship conLeague powerhouse Beta T h e t a test, between eager and determPi, which had previously made a ined Pi Kappa Phi and their rough babit of capturing league honors. and ready opposition, Phi Kappa1 Final preliminary play saw The'Tau. ta Chis at Delta Chi in two straight PF Kaps Work Hard 16-14 and 15-2. Also Phi Tau edged The Pi Kaps, guided by their ever so slightly, by a strong Beta sterling performers, Thompson, outfit in a three series match 15Dillard, Perkins, James, S t o n e, 9, 9-15, and 15-13. The latter conand Durrell, had worked hard for test was a rugged battle which this opportunity. They had waded saw the lead see -saw back and through such sturdy opponents as forth continously. Phi Gamma Del. Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Sigma ta outspiked Delta Upsilon in two Kappa, Alpha, 91pha Ganma Rho, successive games 16-14 and 15-3. and Delta Sigma Phi. PGD, PKP Meet On the other hand, the Phi Taus Sarni-final play was heated and had assembled their own scoring heavy as bracket two winner Phi machine and had oiled it to a peak Gamma Delta engaged bracket of efficiency. The Phi Tau lineup three king Pi Kappa Phi for the featured Kelsey, Downs, Harris, right to meet bracket three Godcharles, Severance and Ryals. champ, Phi Kappa Tau. Pi Kappa.IIn securing their bracket, which SPhi jumped to an early lead bywa th lrgscoaingfv stealing the initial encounter 15-10. eam, th defeatedtThet aPi 1Lambda Chi Alpha, Beta Theta Pi The second game proved even and Delta Chi. More exciting, however, as Gary -Klatt, Charley Helseth and Dick Padgett exhibited fine form for! the Phi Gams. But, at games end. STANDINGS Pi Kap had pulled it out of the fire and had triumphed 15-11. In1. Phi Kappa Tau .960 dividual stars for the Pi Kappa; 2. Beta Theta Pi.930, Phie were Ed Thompson, Wayne 3. Theta Chi. 753' Dillard and Martin Prkins. 4. Pi Kappa Phi. 698 This set the stage for the final 5. Chi Phi.676 6. Phi Gamma Delta .659 'EYE' style is 'HIGH' style for that smart look gleam/ look Gainesville Opticians 0 Prescriptions filled 9, Glasses duplicated i05 W. Univ. FR 6-3446 7. Lambda Chi Alpha .631 8. Alpha Gamma Rho .580 9. Tau Kappa Epsilon .497 10. Delta Chi .494 11. Delta Upsilon.465 12. Phi Sigma Kappa .390 13. Delta Sigma Phi .288 ALFORDS TOWER HOUSE STEAKS *SHRIMP FRIED CHICKEN -65c PLATE $ LUNCH 85c PLATE DINNER Recommended by DUNCAN HINES "Adventures In Good Eeating.Pi Lams Capture LIKE MAN, PLAY IT COOL. or so the Phi Tau on the right seems to be saying to his three struggling teammates in their match with Lambda Chi Alpha. The Phi Tau's won this one on their way to the trophy in Blue Loop action. (Gator Photo) Fraternities Start Handball Play Greek squads kicked -off their tenth sport of the year Tuesday. converging on the local handball courts after a four day Easter lay -off. In the Orange League, the Pi Lams, eager after winning their first cup of the season in Volleyball, trounced the league leading Snakes, 3 matches to 2. The Pi Lams found the winning combinations in their doubles teams, while the Snakes consoled themselves with wins in both singles. In the only other Orange Loop action, as of press time, P1 Kappa Alpha woke itself from a cellar sleep to down the hapless Sig Eps, 3-0. Jerry Yachabach and John Goodling were the singles winners for the Pikes, while partners Porter, Schirrard, Sites Noble. Parsons and Rock provided the doubles victories. Blue Lomp Action In the Blue League little black ball action, third place Theta Chi slammed a trying Delta Upsilon two matches to none. Bob Harris and Bob Black provided the singles margin for the winners over Dick Gilbert and Bob Damm of DU, while Larma and Reddick teamed up for the unPASSOVER SEDER APRIL 22, 1959 MAKE YOUR RESERVATIONS NOW AT THE HILLEL FOUNDATION 16 N.W. 18th Street Phone FR 2-2900 Freeman Office Equipment Co. 625 W. University Ave. Phone FR'6-5947 Standard & Portable Typewriters SERVICE AND RENTALS I i'1 I, I ~ -----THE IMPROVED UNIVERSITY RING A, Lflhaa.lain Back mpp"RIII needed doubles win for Theta Chi. AGR Wins Alpha Ganma Rho proved too much for a slipping Lambda Chi team in the other Blue league game played, winning easily. 2-0. Richardson and Glorius, the doubles team for the winners, took their games, 21-9 and 21-16 with Kreulen and Kimsey the losers. Boudet was the winner in the only singles game needed. Cage Meet Starts Internal Week1 The Florida Gym will be t he scene tomorrow night for an unusual basketball doubleheader, as jthe Gainesville AllStars (senof the U of F varsity) meet: the Deportivo Asturias of Cuba in a return match and the I.S.O. quintet hosts C.E.H. of Cuba. A week ago this Saturday saw, the All -Stars on the Castro-governed island as guests of the Deportivo Asturias club. They were' also the losers to this same cage team by some seven points in a scheduled game. Their return match tomorrow is a part of the activities kicking off International Week. SThe Gainesville squad is expected to field a starting quintet consisting of Walt Dzuris at center, Jerry Henderson and Dick Hoban at forward, and Charlie Pike and Don Boone at guards. Toss up time is at 7 p.m., and a donation of fifty cents is being asked as admission to help pay expenses for the visiting Cuban teams. Th Sleepy View Millions of times a year drivers and students keep awake with safe NiDiz Let NbDbz~alert you through college, too NoDoz keeps you alert with caffeine-the same pleasant stimulant you enjoy in coffee. Faster, handier, more reliable: nonGeek Volleyball Cups Victors Dump Delts In Finals; Keep Orange Loop Race Hot By HARVEY KAPLAN Gator Sports Writer Pi Lambda Phi eeked out victories in two out of three games in the Orange League final to outlast determined Delta Tau and take the league volleyball crown. Pi Lam followers were jubilant afterwards, and justifiably so, as Lam's annexed the following conBrackt III, but found the Delts this was their first trophy in over tests by the identical scores of too strong an outfit in the semithree and one -half years of Or. 15-11, 15-11. final clash by the scores of 15-8, ange League competition when Roderman, Storch Star 14-16, and 15-4. they captured the tennis cup !n The spiking of Bob Roderman 1955. and the aIl around play o: FernanThis was only the Pi Lam's third do Storch were instrumental for STANDINGS championship since coming into the victors. the Orange League in 1954. The Pi Lam's took laurels in five 1. Sigma Nu.915 Delta Win Firt Game team Bracket I by gaining hard2. Sigma Alpha Epsilon .892 earned victories over Sigma Nu, 3. Tau Epsilon Phi.814 The Delta started out strong by Alpha Epsilon Pi, last year's 4. PhI Delta Theta.780 grabbing the Initial fray, 1-. champion. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 5. Kappa Sigma. 61 Grid star Wayne Williams and and -appa Alpha. 6. Pi Lambda Phi .748 two cagers called Charley, naine-1 Delts Win Br'cket H 7. Delta Tau Delta .746 ly Pike and Carroll, who had perOn their drive to the finals, the 8. Sigma Chi.689 formed so ably throughout tourney Delts took Bracket II honors by 9. Alpha Epsilon Pi .650 play, again were the spark in the besting powerful Kappa Sigma,110. Alpha Tau Omega .w4 Devthe gallant Deltatr Sigma Chi, and Sigma Phi Epsi11. Pi Kappa Alpha .532 Ht o w ever them anti D elts an Ion. 12. S ig m a P h i E p silo n ..493 into a combination of tough luck Phi Delta Theta was kingpin of 13. Kappa Alpha.475 and some fine team play on the ________ __________ opposite side of the net as the Pi The Florida Alligator, Friday, April 3, 1959-Page 5 0 DAY EUROPEAN JOIN NOW INCLUDES. c n n r i KELLVIU LLUI Airline Transportation 30 Days in Paris 0 40 Hour Course in Culture of Europe Today At Private Accredited University 30 Day Tour, 5 Different Itineraries, Including USSR 9 Organized Weekends PAIISFRANCE.EUROPE AS O(IATION East 49b E AND STUDY 10Eat 9t1r, N.Y F100 No INyear rw 16 al breders. .---. ..--PARIS-FRANCE-EUROPE ASSOCATION -FOR TRAVEL AND STUDY Street, New York 17, N. T. 10 East 49th Buy any number you prefer at any time. A $5.98, 4.98, 3.98, 2.98, or 1.98 record carries a 20% DISCOUNT 12 months of the year. No special sales days. No gimmicks. Just an every day 20% discount. After you purchase your fifth record you have earned your bonus. THE VARIETY STORE 7 S.E. 1st Avenue -On The Square Phone FR 6-5348 er 6-3484 THE TAREYTON RING MARKS THE REAL THING! r. L 6 HOW, RING GETS A RO0U ND! rT HERE'S WHY '4 TAREYTON'S DUAL FILTER FILTERS AS NO SINGLE FILTER CAN: 1. It combines an effident pure white outer filter I it. A. F8 IA IP-Aft.L A V A 

PAGE 6

Linksmen Second in UM Tourney; Cindermen to Test Tech Stigger Wins Golf Title In Sudden-Death Play Gator golfer George "Skip" Stigger captured medalist honors in the University of Miami Invitational Golf Tournament last weekend, by winning a two-hole, sudden-death playoff from Miami's Jim Peace, who had led the field until the final round. Stigger, former high school champion from Henderson, Ken. its dual match record to 4-2, by tucky, fired a 73 the last day, "wrecking" Georgia Tech, 24-3. while Peace was recording a 75. Aaron shot a five -under -par The two wound up regular tour68 to pace the Gators, while a 74 ney play with 72 -hole totals of carded -by Jim Cleveland was the 299, necessiating the playoff. Florida finished second in team play, 19 strokes back of Rollins' 1,215, which enabled the Tars to sweep to their second straight championship. Florida State took the third spot with a 1,235 total. 4 Gators in Top 20 Gators finishing in the top twenty besides Stigger were sophomore ace Frank Beard, ninth with 307 strokes and Tommy Aaron and Willie K. Turner, whottied for seventeenth with 314 totals. Following third -place FSU in the team totals were Miami, Flo!ida Southern. Northern Illinois, * * best score Tech could master. Aaron and Turner pulled off a complete shutout over their opponents as they captured their individual matches over Cleveland and Bootmy Mullin, respectively, by 3-0 scores end combined forces to win best ball, 3-0. Beard, Stigger Win Beard and Stigger also claimed 3-0 decisions, Beard downing Jimmy Sutton and Stigger blanking Bill Leach. Beard teamed up with Doug Putnam, who outstroked Sam Namm, 2-1, to dispose of the Jacket combo of Sutton and Namm, 3-0. J111 P11 blra.L rno AiaA V Ui. Ua +4 , AJVIL.jm tarker managed ut a ne Yale, Georgia Tech and Boston with the Engineers' Lefty Ewing, College in that order. 1%-Y12, but he and Stigger won On Tuesday a week ago, coach best ball from EDwing and Leach, Coirad Rehling's links squad ran 214-24. Jacket Nine Invades Today; UF Suffers 'Lost Weekend' By &SAVIEY &KFLAN "ator ftoils Wrftr Florida's Fighting Gator baseballers retuwn to the friendly cowfines of Perry Field this afternoon and tomorrow, entertaining a strong Georgia Tech squad in a two-game set, after salvaging but one of four frays in Florida State's Baseball Tournament held at Tallahassee over the past weekend. Coach Dave Fuller is expected bo call upon the services of ace 'he following day Florida xucrig'ht -wander Ray Oestricher in cumbed to arch -rival FSU as today's tilt, slated to get underSeminole receiver Jerry Westenway at 3:00. Junior Don McCreadick rasbed out with a grand-elam ry is scheduled to toe the mound homer in the bottom of the fourth in tomorrow's 2:30 contest. frame, leading his team to a narTwirling No Puzzle row 8victory. Illinois found the Gators' twirlTwo round-tripper by shortstop ing no puzzle, as the Big Ten enEllenburg provided the Orange try pounded out a 12-4 decision and Blue with the necessary offen over the Fullermen in their opensive p itch to overcome Michigan, ing game last Thursday. The Illi6-, in tuh Gators final appearni were paced at the plate anc in te tourney. by shortstop Bob Klaus (he's big O richer, All -eC pitcher as leaguer Billy's younger brother), a sophmr, ll t ECrichas who blasted out four base bits,in-ae win, his first of the season, cluding a circuit clout, all good and leveled his record at 1-1. for four runs-batted-in. McGrit: .631 Average Friday, the Gators suffered the UF first baseman Perry Mcfirst of two one-run setbacks to Griff is cuTrently hitting ballet in North Carolina, 7-6. A two -out all directions for an amazing .631 ninth inning bases-loaded single average, while Ellenburg has beltb, Tar Heel right fielder Johnny ed three homers, leading the team Burgw'yn provided the winners' in these two departments. margin of victory, despite the efCoach Fuller may attempt sevforts of UF'ers Don Fleoning and eral switches in his lineup, in Mickey Ellenburg, who hit a home, hopes of bolstering weak spots. run apiece, both with the bases If his present plans go through, empty. Frohock should see action at second base this afternoon, while so-, RECORDS FROM phomore Lynn Howell will move to YOUR TAPE shortstop from third. FIDELITY SOUND Another soph, Paul Booher, may Sound & Recording Specialist take over the catching chores, mo. Box 5455 Jacksonville, Fa ving Ellenburg back to the hot Write for Brochure & Prices corner, the position he held down in 1958. 0 0 The problem was not that Marty had fallen in love with a shirt. After all, he was a Philosophy major. The trouble was ...Marty was in love with two shirts. With Shirt No. 1, the Van Heusen Century, the serious Marty spent hours in heavenlyr bliss. He worshipped the revolutionary soft collar that won't wrinkle ever. It was Century's one-piece construction that drove him wild. (Other collars never did anycould wear It and wear itwash it-drip-dry it, or have it tumble-dried automatically -and wear it again in a matter of hours. It was the most money-saving love he ever had. But when Marty was with one shirt, he miined the other. It was terrible. Like so many others with the same problem, Marty wrote to us. And so it came to that the Van Heusen "etury-Vantage" was born. Thisshirt combined theadvantagesof each intoone FLORIDA ACES SHOW WINNING FORMS. .Skip Stigger (left) demonstrates an iron shot, one of the many he used to cop medalist honors in the Miami Invitational Tournament over the past weekend, while Bill Everett is about to let fly with the discus in Flor ida's opening dual track meet held here last Wednesday. Everett won this event as the Gators lost to Duke University, 67-63. Oranges, Blues To Clash Today At Florida Field The rescheduled annual Orapge and Blue intersquad game will be held this afternoon at 3:00 on Florida Field, giving an early preview of the 1959 football Gators. Postponement of the iginally scheduled for was forced because contest, orMarch 21, of heavy spring rains which affected t h e condition of the field and the condition of the players. The quarterback position Is likely to be a key spot to fill next fall, so many fans will want to focus their attentions on newcomer Jack Jones, who will direct the Blues' attack, and two -year letterman Wayne Willia'mson, t h e Orange field general. The probable starting lineup for the Orange unit includes Pat Patchen and Nick Arfaras, ends; Ronnie Slack and Danny Royal, tackles; Ken Norris and Houston Mills, guards; Bill Hood center; Williamson, quarterback; Scotty Dunlop and Gene Page, halfbacks; and Bob Milby, fullback. The Blue starters will be probably Tom Smith and Henry Farner, ends; L. E. Hicks and Jim Beaver, tackles: Gene O'Steen and Florida's Tennis Team Hosts FSU Tom orro w Florida's varsity netmen will be seeking scalps tomorrow with revenge in mind, as Florida State invades the local courts for a return match beginning at 1:30. The Gators have captured theIr last four matches by 9-0 scores, The best individual performanafter losing to FSU and Georgia ces of the recent period, which in the first two encounters of their saw the Gators play eight opponEaster holidays road trip. T h e ents in nine days, were turned in Seminoles played at peak form in by number three man Roy Lang grabbing a 6-3 victory last Thursand number five man Del Moser, day, the first time Florida's sisboth boasting seven wins, one loss ter institution has -managed to and 9-1 slates for whole season. score a tennis win over the Orange Close on the heels of Lang and and Blue. Moser are number four man Lynn Coach Bill Potter's crew reFry, 7-3 for the season, and numgrouped forces, moved into Georber one man Dave Shaw, with a gia and threw a "scare" into the 6-4 mark. Fry claimed six wins Bulldogs, before bowing, 5-4, in in the last eight matches, while Athens the following day. Geo'rgia Shaw garnered five. had defeated Florida, 6-3. in an Lang -Hay Win earlier match in Gainesville. The number one doubles team Gators Start Streak of -sang and Morrill Hay captured Then the Gators started on their five wins in the last six matches, current "skunking" streak. The and claimed one of the two douUF net squad blanked Indiana in bles victories the Gators registerAtlanta Saturday, ventured back ed against the Seminoles last to the Sunshine State and swept Thursday. past Florida Southern Monday at Florida's strong freshman squad, Lakeland, and then returned home paced by captain Jim Shaffer, to shut out Howard Tuesday and Francisco Montana, Art Surloff Centre Wednesday. and Bill Tym, will get things unBefore the road trip and the four derway tomorrow by playing a 9-0 affairs, Florida had dropped asdewpyitmarrhwiby playinga1-8 loss to Southeastern Conferposeenpoit1matchpitotheFvasipaence foe Georgia Tech, and outses t 12:0 por to th arsty stroked Southern Illinois the folf 'y Don Senterfitt, guards; Bob Wehlowing day, last Wednesday. The king, center; Jones, quarterback; Gators played perhaps one of their Jim Eadens and Gen DeFiore finer matches of the season in halfbacks; and Dick Jones, fulldowning the highly -regarded Ilback. linois invader, 7-1. Page 6-The FloridaAlligator,_Friday,_April 3, 1959 The Baby Gators handed State's yearlings a 7-0 aettack in their season's opener last March and are currently undefeated, their most recent success a 7-0 whitewashing of Concordia last Monday. Stays moist and firm throughout your shave! regular or new mentholated Take your choice of new, cool mentholated or regular Smooth Shave. Both have rich., thick Old Spice quality* * s mi and Th W Cannon Booms, ra tra As LSV Paces a1 wa nec as Florida Relays Lo ont Magnificent Bil'ly Cannon, the hu football -track sens-ation from fir Louisiana State, nipped N o r t heast Louisiana's Dave Styron by inches in the 100 -yard dash, ran an anchor leg on the record -setting 440-yard relay team and placed fourth in the shot put to headline the 16tLh Annual Florida Relays on the Gators' new Olympic oval. Cannon's 9.5 in the century tied the Relays mark set in 1956 by Duke's Dave Sime, but the time was not allowed because of a strong wind which swept the track the entire afternoon. The Bayou Bullet was awarded the KearneyRaybun trophy as the outstanding individual performer, and his team romped home ahead of the field, with 42 1-3 points, to capture the unofficial team crown. Florida made a disappointing showing in the meet, failing to win a single event. The only Gator to place in the individual events was Wiley Selman who tied for third in noe high jump. The Orange and Blue ran fourth in the quarter mile relay and fourth in the distance medley. Four records fell by the wayside as the powerful field made a fine showing despite the cold, brisk breeze that forced some of the spectators to wrap themselves with blankets. Bill Alley, Kansas' ace javelin thrower, broke t h e spear mark with a heave of 231' 11J". Other standards were set by Dir:e in the distance medley, by LSU in the 440 relay and by the Bengals' Dickie Durham in the high hurdles with a time of 14.2 seconds. -. treg-th in the broad jump, le relay, mile run, 880-yard run d shot put pulled Duke through. -distance Tunning of little Car' eielger paved the way as he Yn the mile and 880 and ran a Ill1ant lap for the winning mile ay team. Don Deal, Florida's footballack flash, was beaten In the 2201 ce, but It wasn't because he as too slow. He was neck and ck with about 50 yards to go he rounded the final curve. oking up, he discovered somee had forgotten to remove the rdles from his lane. He hit the mt one in his path and dropped 1GDM -J+I!_J LfSa~j ,vAOU Of+S40H L uf "!MS S 131H 3OI3 3 V d S U R5 O3 3 Vd N 3iSOM N)~l ~J3J.N3" "i JJ1V INn A VN SI3d ISNV 'OHAN 3bd L 3 N3 3 ti 3 A O S -I> S i V 01 d FACTORY PRICES One QuartFWith Each or Gallon One you buy Mary Carter Paint Store 501 N.W. 8th Ave. Gainesville, Fla. FR 6-7588 IfI, s u m m E R KDL KROSSWORD ACROSS L Mount for a starry night 8. Important parts of burlesque 1M Spent too much time at the feed bag 14. Reversible 1r. ciple refreshing16. Goosp in mixed-up snare 17. Short for Ike or El vis 18. Nothing, made out of yarn 20. Kind of versitY IL Half of Wittenberg *ith a lotta sex 2L One response to "What do Sou say?"' 28. r .o'. first name 24. Measure of newspaper space 2&. Ponl cat 27. Bestpart of Barry 2L Hardly those felesa in Westerns SO. Created a hot neck 3L It's run out of on moonlight drives SLTheatrical cowshed 36. Cheesit. DOWN 1. Companion of circumstance 2. Kind of age 3. Thin-sounding sound 4. Scraps at the end of sports 6. Jongg's first name 6. This music just hasn't got tone 7. Sit don: light up a Kool S. Don't go! 9. Iad from Kenucky 10. Another way to switch from "ots" 11. Rock Wn roller 12. Are these base serge-ants? 19. Slightly reluctant 21. They w. enmade a rope out of it 22. Switch from hots to -Filter Kooch 25. Kind of Y tower 29t. The 49' 29. This ones Impossible 31. Fro-ehy mot) ;ui.-e 32. Whe-n this is last, you're 6.nsbed NEW & USED BICYCLES STREIT'S BICYCLE SHOP 615 W. UNIVERSITY AVENUE 1 2 3 416 I H-"' ILL---I '5 'ARE 'VU KaDL ENOUGH TO KRACK TWIS?' 21 441 9 .. 0 14 25 26 2 L Ei"r -4 I '111 Thinclads to Travel; Lose to Blue Dev'Is By HUBERT MIZEI.l, (ator Sporta Writer Coach Percy Beard and his For-a thincladi hope to make Georgia Tech their fir-t track victim of the young season tomorrow when the Gator v;it the Eng:neers in Atlanta. The UF cindermen were edged out of r:ontfnflrn Lucey won the by Duke, 67-63, in their first dual event and l'Fer Tommy M"Eachmeet last Wednesday on the new ern finiSh, ,rCecOnd asphalt track, quite an improveMoN-orman, Rooher Iiordians ment over their Florida Relays Two 1tue pDevil trarkmen, showing where they managed but weighmrn'n Claude M o o r m a n nine points as compared with winand hich Jumper Jim Boxher, ner Louisiana State's 43 1/3. A de-. hail from Miami and Jacksonville feat in the day's final event, theIrespcctive;. Booher won the high mile relay, knifed any hopes Flor-ljump with a leap of 6'4", a-nd ida may have had of spilling the I Moorman finished third in the disBlue Devils. cus behind two more boys from Tommy Michels was a standout the Magic City, Gators Evel c(t for the Orange and Blue in the and Stan Mitchell, for an all-MiDuke loss, with first -place finami domination. ishes in the high and low hurdles. Florida blanked Duke in two of Other Gator winners were Bill the events, the javelin and the low Everett in the discus, Mike Gent hurdles. Hale, who holds the Souin the pole vault, John Hale .in theastern Oonference freshman rethe javelin and captain Don LuCord in the javelin throw, tossed cey in the 220 -yard dash. the spear 18T21"' and was followLucey Keeps Busy ed by teammates Lucey and Jules Lucey was one of the afterElliott. Mitchels won the hurdle Lo uiewstineivi thual fter -race and Gent took second, as the noon's busiest individual performDevils' hurdler was disqualified era, as he won the 220, placed 3efor stepping out of his assigned cond in the century and in the jaylane. Olin and ran a leg on the mile I I s T 0 R A G E No. 20 11 12 I i I mommo fox -, i Ap-,%L 'd" '2. a 
