
PAGE 1

The Florida Agitator K 0 Board Voices li Ie t b li i l ltii l i[ hg W here' UF students will be shocked this morning to discover that Tigert Hlall is missing. Tigert Flall, which housed the administrative offices of the UJF, disappeared sometime last night between 10:30 and II according to Wilibur T. Keys nightwatchman at the building. BY BIG NANCY Staff Writer In a move to protect Florida men from what he called "a group of dangerous compromising frmales," Dean of men Frank T. A-damns yesterday placed a 8:3V p.m. c urfe w on all UF male students. "All boys dorms will be locked promptly at 8:30 every night," he said. "With the boys locked up, the girls can't possibly get them Into trouble as often, he added. The "buddy system' (boys shall travel in pairs) will be invoked to protect boys after dark until 8:30 and while returning home from progress tests and finals, A-damni .nnnunced. taken moments after n lobby at suppertime lost night. Tigr Keys said he car for a jug when he return gone. "'I ytist Itane minute un Yen I lng," Keys said sets' 'drawl UniversIty Pol had gone to of hot coffee d the building his and was to me car for a return, no buildin his Massadwice arrived at the Curfew The recent raid on Humid Hall by some five thousand coeds from the Brothel Hall (the livestock pavillion) precipitated the cudfew, be said. During this raid, some ten thousand pieces of apparrel Were tossed into the windows and the boys were left "terror striicen" by the onslaught. The des,, also noted the number of assaults made on boys by girls jumping out of bushes as a major factor in his decision. "Attack, such as these unde mine the very heart of American manhood," he said. "Besides they force marriage upontoo many unknowing immature men." Keep your window shades down, boys," he cautioned, warning dorm residents against the number of girls who have been caught with telescopes, binoculars, and other long-range lenses pointed in the direction of the dorms. A-damns said he will not tole ate any more indecent dressonthe boys, inferring Bermuda shorts. "He said no more knobby knees will be visable on campus because this is nhvinaclv 2 rnntrihnng Hall? scenle at about 11:15 p.m. with fire trucks and police dlogs hoping to get some practice In case their was riot. 'We heard there was something going on here and thought it was a riot,'' report Police Chief Audrey Surley. "We were disappointed that It was only this." The only remaining evedence of where the building once was was one lone toilet seat belong to the head of the university May Wayne Rice. Pros. Rice was contacted at his home, but he was "unavailable for comment." Chief Stirley later toWd the Agitator that his special man on the sssignnmnt Sherlock Holmes contacted Tallahassee and that th. police there reported seeing a building sitting in the middl, of [Dok Camnbeil Stadium. painted on the building were the words "Go to Hell, P5CW." Holmes said the Taltase police didn't think the buIlding on the FSU campus was Tirt BalI and alter several minutes of consultation decided to take It out to a lake 50 miles from Tallahasee and dump It. The FSU authorities reported that the building seemed a little too big to be Tigert Tall Surley also reporteui that a mysterious phone call received at 1 a.m. warne! that unless the urnversit) was willing to send $2.98 to post office box in Micanopy more buildings would disappear. However, Holmes said he believes that the phone call was a hoax. 'Uf we follow through on this, II Ps irilu.tiOit% it'I all Hlpaeeth~te ilitv If, IIOswALt I e pt t' SGCTFOFS. Announced A formnatlun of uStudent Gioveriment committeee To Find (hit If Ilier. Really Is A I'rendrnt Hell, the group ituiridlately ssiped I stitefret syng lie dout~n II." hlomer IP. teerli, 7AN, toll The Adrilepator,' "l'v 'eve, Sein ii i .*xctpt Ut ( auliullinamora andi you know 'all (hose TV peotl. re really actors.'' Oscar Boobhead, 7AS, who wa% rnmmed rhairmanz of the SGCTIan. TRIAPR?, took the opposite stanil. ''Of course, we expect to uncover alot of slit anid corruption In this investigation,'' Boobhead said. ''Food Service is terrible and everybody knows It.'' Boobhead changed his Stiateitent whey, he wa,, Inforniedthe {omniittee Was to investigate theexiatenct. of President Rotz and not Food Service,. "Oh," he was reported to havy, said. Other members of the committee said they dombed the president really existed. "He Is always 'unavailable for comment' and is never In hi. office," members of the SGCTFOITRIAPR said. President Aeltz was not in his office and was unavallablo for cornment. ._ of Control Disappr t illliii' v,'s~.*I Si tiIit'~ I iii I I' II' lilt A I'. it Ii i I Ishy Ils Ii hl ii .Ihiy ii its futiois this iti 'ii'stei. Nt' h ~ iii ut.,! iiits1 } (II 1111 Arts Wit'k. W. hose the fut 'Lie' because they tiIui!Iv reiv the cliisiv, Agi. t njtet view. lilh~lipIN. s.,id he woul start liTmIeriit.thi to tint! the ,jchnb _''Any univs rsity tintdcoesnit have filiil tramls null IM I litti( StcilIt/ sjid thi, dciisIoni wa, mitl he t u ,e of numT',rols si t oet Complaint' ii rent week.' thiat there ju%t wa.s not enough (lime to lo cv,, ythiuig that had to bw alone. lie said several (-course istructors had also 'aid they would not he able to grade ill the test papers until next December. "I really don't think there was aihything else w. coulddo,"Schlltz said. 'it ain't no big thing anyhow." UF Vice-President Barry PaIntpot, who stood at SchlItz's right elbow durlnu the dramlic announcement, said he agreed *Wit Schlitz. "But if j were the Board of (Continued on Pge13 -u i.-e a ai FEEDING TIME A T BROWARD HALL .brings out the best in the dorm residents. This picture was slop bucket was dropped in the Broward Haill (Photo By Dean Marma Brady) S Men Get .. th 

PAGE 2

Pa9, 2 Ibe F o, (At, Ag ho ~QF Student By Juice A Ut' freshman~u w. ve beaten yester lay when the .!r. jtiltt rm.icIiie he hadl ]tut drlppkf' his quarter in attacked him ra fttfl the young mni kll kedj It fot tllk ng his money,. M ortinier IBlurp, ILI( from Nome, Alaska, was listed in''powerful plddlIrg" oniditlo, it te university infirrnrary last night hy the Janitor, who was left in charge there alter the doctors elef at 5 p.m1. According to the campus police reports, the ivest ig atIig ofric p was also missing. At the scene of lie beating, all that was left was the machine, which was covered with a nuxture of blood arid orange juice, iad a campus plicemlan's undershorts. Metzel Nurd, all ey.'witness to the bizarre crime, said lllurp started the incident by kicking tile mach ine solidly in the side after it refused to produce carton of orange juice or the quarter back. ''le kicked it right ln the side of couple of times andi then the miachlne sc dreamed and begaII squirting orange juice at him,"i Nurd recounted. "Themancursed the machine andhtientitimped him. 'Food 54 Serving ervai Of After weeks of pressure from Student Govtrnmnent (5(i) officers food service head Ci. 1). Welldurn today agreed toserve mixed drinks to siwdent with ID cards. "'Since thIs Includes about every student on campus," Welidurn said, "no one should be dIsappointed and maybe you students wil get off my back." The CampusClub(CC) will serve whiskey sours arid vodka collins at lunch, while Graham Area Cafeteria (GAC) will feature scotch on the rocks. A trial period of serving bloody Marys or screwdrivers to breakfast lines is slated later this month. A Student Government (SG) investigation into food prices and qu.Iity has been postponed IndeflHonor Co Out II Deathi The Honor Court today handed down a verdict of guilty in the trial of Hlargood I ink, 2U1C, for cheating on a prog test, then sentented him to death., "'This is the greatest mockery of justice ever seen on a college campus,' screamed defense attorThey Marvin Belly, SLW. He was sentenced to death $oo,. Throughout the trial, Fink remalned calm and emot lonles s. Some observers, in fact, believed him to be asleep. After the verdict was announced, he paled for a moment, theh regain his cornOh By '6.1 Machine severely ,Ibout flilie Ida~ irk f V thiern dtat keli a ( amihits po'lIt chm wijo came to IIlurp,'.SN a &ill(me. ''I had .a rlas, to go to thl ou I had to leave,' Njrci -iid. o' know what happened thea.' ( amrpus police i hief 0041w I. (fim -StioPler salt] hedjoe, riot tink the machine dieVnoireii the ofi, *r. ''We think ourmtnanjust wandeted off and 4ot lost OnI his way lback to the station,'' he sAd. 'We've got flipwhole stiladiout now sea'th Ing all the mren' S room's 0" Caminpus., Gunm-6hoeler said it was SOP (Standard Operating I'rocedure) for any officer to head imwdiately for (lhe nearest men's room in the event they become lost anywhere on campus. 'We've got a two-way radio loc:atedl iin every men's room so it's pretty easy to find them,'" he explained. Gum-Shoeler did, however, inswer, "No comment," when asked how his poliewomen fared in this situation. ceOK's Booze rnitely, according to an unidentified hut highly reliable source, ''Hut Weildurn had better put lemon peel in those sours,' he warned. The administration has gone on record against the plan, but results of the recent Alachway County wet-dry election has caused a switch in some Tigert thinking, according to reports. "I never had actually tasted liquor until the amendment passed, one topdlog explained. "It's actually rather good. I don't see why the students shouldn't be allowed to try It for themselves. We'ye got to give the swine a few 'sops or they'll revolt. Perhaps it could be rationed according to grades, or something," he suggested. urt Gives iPenalty posure and was dragged screaming and twisting from the courtroom. The case will be appealed to the Faculty Disciplinary Kangaroo Court, which is expected to back up the lower court verdict. 'We've got to convince the students that cheating just isn't worth it," said Fiyranm Goody, chancellor of the Honor Court. Perhaps Fink will serve as an, example to them."~ Fink's execution is scheduled for II a.zm. tomorrow In the Plaza of the Americas. Students will be excused from classes to attend. The Way The Alligator thought e o be appropriate to include within the filterings of this plethot a oftomfoolery, a statement putting the minds of the more gullible students at ease. For those of N tr 3d 40< Step up t) a handsome new level Of (3)01 comfort. The first step to Stock's where you will see a young man world of fine natural shoulder suits by Nottingham. The second step is the scope of selection. ..pure wool tropicols, daCron and premium worsteds in patterns & colorings that reiterate the rich quality of the lightweight fabrics. The next step is the pleasure of wearing a Nottinghom suit, the styles span seasons to give them lasting leadership away from changing fads. Weinit yo-ose-u slcio o Spin &Sumer f rom $65 00 Beaten A i n 

PAGE 3

I tiLl 'el-ui 1011 Seen bem 1 Jo/hl, 91'm H'V dy 'CJr A V AINN Stof* Wit,o Lho it s n d l o .., ..* 1'itc I e~i I, assitahnh ,tril.'tn ir i~s to Ithe i~f for I \T iliteihiifl lejt. it (tell for 114 NootihIl was the rttsoii the At S0 with '"shovel U, 'ii August 19, fl. K | Iijint 'K ti'Ltiib I' 14 rm C ik. Lr~sInrh Iii, ill' iil4 ,iiI .us 11 14 t tholl 4tI(Ie i LI tbeemn Wt'C P Ltja sLIr (uoror briCk wete 1112t II, th, rciicro.t, ilI' we 1., 1nd electrical eqwpm)ireni was instillI1. Coach beard saul tiht the ttoti uunrstr' tlam~ ( o an iiit to $6,089.70 and thil' sunm wxs paul by the Allul-ti \iss. t itiou whiusi funds ( ame Irom fouttitil tin ket s. Now some people bright appjeii "st'ug'' ind s~ '-So What" If you've seen' one 'ohn,' you've see, them .11," nit otbViOILSl> they do jot appre< late lhe finer timgs ii Life. A younig vital tr',m Palatkai, I' a. lramatiriIly Irgutehl, "To (hruuw Optin that big whit. door with its <get,-u-ine' gold handle .ini step uito an array ii green wills and space gus gray stalls with the, r 'ritussary idderi equipment' is definitely a sight to bhld. Th,, lanling white lavatories are u aptivatinrg, anid the desire to wash, your hands Is overwhelming."' In almost any situation, not excluding the 'outhouses,'' you will find both positive and negative opinions interminable, hut in a light sense, Mrs. Katheryn H. Lewis, ad. asst, in the School of Journalism office sumed up this reeling when she noted, 'I may be riding my bicycle since they took my parking place away, but wish they'd put the picnic tables up so I could eat my lunch!"' So in view o( it all, be grateful for those restrooms you midmorning football fans for 'The Eyes of Florida Are Upon You!" Exams Se U F President J. Wayne Schlitz yesterday announced the final examination period next tall would begin on Christmas tDay despite the fac t 'certain religious leaders'' in the community had objected We can't let any one religious group have its own way at the ex-pense ottie university as awhole Schlitz said via telephone from Acapulco, Mexico where tie was attending an important conference,. "Who do these Christians think they are anyhow?" t Christnm The exam period, which starts at S a.m. Christmas morning, was called 'the only thing wveacoid do under the speeded-up trimester system.'' Fiey. I. M. Portly, local minister, called the derision "pretty crunimy (fyou asked me.' Portly said it was just another step by the university towards doing away with religion in the schools, citing the recent removal of the Bible and Das Kapital from the LU library as another ox ample. ACTUAL SHOT OF ALBERT'S GA TOR-NAPPING .is shown here .The picture was token by a secret Ccimema hidden in the nose of a UF student who happened oiong when the crime took place. There were no witnesses. (Photo by Audie I. Shuier) Food Natchie Service Ico Food Service yesterday anhiollired It would refuse to seat the Board of Stupid Putblications In the main cafeteria despite the fact board members had been elected to their posts with the promise they would get all the Southern hash as Day Schlitz said university students would be excused to open their presents Christmas morning but added they would have toopen them in the hail outside the testing rom. Byron Blockhead, wardenof Iniversity College, said, ''We never really had Cihristmuas holidays beloge anyhow. It just always happened that Christmas fell sometime (luring the tbhrist mas vacation."' Student Government was reportedly preparing a petition to irtulat, among students protesting the decision and the Student Group (or Equal Rtights announced they would picket as soon as they found out where to picket. Student reactions varied in a random poll by The Alligator. Mart Snort, 4R?, said, 'I think its entirely fair and don't think anybody has ally reason to gripe. Everyone should take the tests then without comiplal fl lg.' Snort is transferring to Miami in June Most other st udeti reactions were somewhat unfavorable. Says Board the colidt for fin., II appy Welhat ih, ocil Serv ire's head dishwasher, said, ''That Southern hash nmess is our most popular dush when wi' serve it tlonhe side otir pickled horsemitat. liesides I Ii at, die bxard members don't meet the requlremiints to eat her. at a IFxyd Service e'st ailishment, saying that the memberils of th. hoard, "'like juast dioi't make It, man" The disagreement txegaii last week when Roard of Stupid Publirations <hairmFat, Join Iarril issued a statement to ill local press media (The Flavet Thre, Daily Moan aid The Addlepator) that the board would definitely push the issue to the hilt. 'We plan to take it to I'red dent G ritz, the lloardi of ('0ntr nI or evun the Honor Court,'' Barrel said. "We alIm to e at in one of those places if it kills Its.' Student loaders were quirk to point out It could do just that, Willie lDinklehei'r, executive note-taker for the board, said he hoped Food Service would hurry up and change its mf ld. "Afte.r all, my stoma'h ias deadline .Ind deadlines are stinm' thing we muint keep." A dec is ion fro t P res ide t Or iI Was expected before the ciii or the year or the next tIm. he wa' In town, whi 1(h ever comes first. EUROPE ON $5 A DAY AMAZI GIVES NG TOUR PLAN FROM RELIABLE K.L.M. YOU BED, BREAKFAST & SIGHTSEEING FO R ONL Y $5 A DAY: f-irst, decide which ohl in Europe you want to VI and how long you want stay In each. Then bi the list to us. We'll the rest. for only $5 a day, K gives you accommnodatI in good, comfortable hot continental hr e a k ast, anxd sightseeing In ?ach city. Drop in and talk to us about this amazing KI M plan, and KiM's $20 and $16 a day plans, We'll also give you a f ree copy of 'h(LM's Sun and F un Vacations,' a new 24-page Illustrated booklet. a A I f-l I*--% Albert Found In Car Trunk AIIbtrt, the A luig 'to Il -'S imiiNgi iiis't WAS (00und yeSterday by th. karmpus Kops, bound andl g ged In th. tru ik of kori (hiltI Audi.' I. Gunmshocler's tar .titer being mhlssiing ror tori days. Albert was gat&,a -tiapped by per%cji or persons unknown March 20 lromi hiis honey p.'i near the (Vt,tiry lower and hid been th, subflt -fot rep ii. Wit iistave red ii the I runk of the car while It was parked outside the Kop Shiol liar Jennings Flail by Seum, Wot n, 2I4(', Wormi was attIemptInc 1(1 teal(;umstio'ler's car whirn hi. 'tath Alhert growl from ilside the trunk. lit' rat, ii si i e ilK1 got (,ii shooe r wihio shot thi Inc k off the trunk tami rescued thit anlma!. The Chi hf sid he h ui n, lude, how Albhi.rt got i tie I runk of his car ;nddid not know how long he hi*I been there. ''I had been hearing a rumbling from the h:,rk of tin ,ar for about a ek, lie said, 'hut I thought i WaS JIJM FEMr 01nd U oubli."' Albert was taken into police nihtody for questioning atdoumshovlez said ho ixperted to crack the ('U,. %(,Ietime1 tOday. * Kamipus KOP Chi shoeler reported wa dtole, late It. parking piae Kop Shop. Police said lih tot Scum Worm, tioning In conntet let Aid Ic .Gum,his automobile yesterday (trnm in front of the By Ion were looking C, tor qtmnwith thetheft. t 

PAGE 4

I -l I editorials Ihe Vanishing g Floridian ing ~ ~I'met h Is pit vFthi miu Ii iS LeCYI'fOk tI, aid (izthwAIth, rIL' in kinlrnI ;j! stir)ISlip 1 srip ( sriakr ini ,iyhm'' low, the Itipid Iayreid* r asks 'The tot,.! rnport of this iermprk an I Tradition Of The This Uric .iih'dllIui, leIII twt s best ltr bright .iiw 4'\ fj bp1 II Nr of nbrirs, whilil .1ne o1. pu .ip it bl o i by llarkenlii4 tiur reniimbirijjwe, ii, yrat ,nilw~tii April ii,,a whei rittel s it play slhitterd the left., tel phyvsiogiicrmy 1 |,liaive pxiols .iind thir, were wolves in Wales, arid the whpprewitial hiereInl WAS i.rewith, aniafreshman 41, Who shall rermaini vnurless wis! tI aspaintin 1rn (i.mieitals ini a mianner whil1h, to ohlrsuper litively supvl lor way of thinikiw, was solsly a vestigial ritual imitally Instigated by somic Pr.-t imug i primate phelgmnitically extriaing andy wrirprs front his tree nist with a listless phalan~x. Well, to make aniextensIV,' dty NUreiji, I a passing fletcher pausedi and asked, initerrortitively, 'What irE~ you doing, transplanting urniarnetals'' We might very well mause andi ask ourselves the s lme question. A few moments of ruthless iintiospection, dealt with the intrepid hand of lien sdhel when he left the mythological ylinae (from the C, euk amrplin a,'" me mntg "to laugh at the table;'' terra-cotta bed pan), might well lead us to questions of im even more interrogative nature. Are we, in the ultimate analysis, merely transplanting ornamnentals, or are we, eve,' more repugnantly, merely passing fletchers" To phrase It even mote inextricably, are we bulldogging the dilemmna of manipulative deglutition in the face of our own emotional athlete's foot, or are we submitting like insipid serfs to the ventral venesection of some pseudo-semi-extra-neo-quasi-sophomoric protraction of the mental processes? So the next time someone stops you on the street and asks you this question, take our remarkably superb advice and recall automatically that rancid April morn of yore, when rain fell like precipitation on meadows of crayon-green, and answer with the utmost of maxillary rigidity that no mnn is a transplanted ornamental unto himself, and that your slumuber-sanctorum, is no man's herpetological repository. Hut first make sure nobody put a snake in your bed. [D.G.A. Da S. Yer Lif Today Is April Fool's Day, a day dedicated to our UF. Historically, this day has been one of great consequence in the annuls of this nation's history. One April 1, 1776, llobert Q. Traplap started the first international dope ring which cluminated in the Dope Riots of May I of that year in the streets of Boston. It was this group of dope-crazed patriots that instigated the famous Boston Tea Party and served notice to the British that the colonists were prepared to fight for their freedom. On April Fool's lDay, 1804, the decendant, of Elvis Presley landed on Plymouth Rlock ii San Francisco Bay to begin their new life in this rich, young land of promises-. On that samle day In 1881, the City of Gainesville gained its first paved Street which ran from where Broward flail now stands out to the Beta woods. It wasn't until later when lie university began to grow between the two points that the citv fathers decided to do away with paved streets inside the city limits. And just recently, Wn April I, 1962, the Soviet Uion announced it had successfully orbited an elephant around the plant Mars, thus setting a new goal for America in the Space Race. And so with the slogan, 'An elephant on the moon by June,' this great country -founded by foicigners ijnd holstered by cilligiate neurotics -steps boldly forward to meet the challenge of another April Fool's Day. Mr. U'?, this iS yOUt life iin John Somewhere within the upsidedown confines of this fine example of journalistic tomfoolery there appears a story telling of over $6,000 that went for restrooms to bo added to FlorIda Field, the UE's football stadium. At first glance, we cried, Foul,"' and "'Cheat," and 'Graft." That was at first glance. But then we considered the deeper meaning of this monument to solitude and our thoughts bellowedd. When one considers the benefits to be gained from this magnificent addition to oui fine university, when one thinks of what the new structure could mean to a football fan in an emergency, when one really examines these factors, well, it's al-. most too much to consider. As the article so deftly brings out, the age-old adage, "You seen one john, you noen them all is no longer true. It is definitely not the case here at the UIF. This new installation of Ii. ids is so awe-inspiring, no overlytremendous, and so just plain way-out, that The Agitator strongly tonic *kn co* at inan. .-.iA -.i en .,.-. .4. I ..*.-. Nor A LITT LE SIS|TR NOLEET d) (I 'It Ain't No Rig Thing" The Florida Agitator All the News That Fits, Taste No Consideration Editor and Chief ..akn lne Managed News Edito "'"---..Wlkig lner Ass. Mgd.NewsEditor '''.".'".---". B#1 lr Opinionated Editor -''.-""-.-."Wae.or".Jocohn) Sports Editor, Outdoore------.WnNras(orchet) Fe t dEditor ss0 --. .--.--.".Cynthia (Jumping Bean) Twig sten Edtra Asse .""" ".". ....S. Vantebeaione, Su Dc ggie, J. (Chipley Wonder) Gaston, P. Thatawav. P. HeavenFleet nothcr Likc p ote .t u i Pt r lsit)II1ly knip.vn tipa t sr}mii ii thieni.If thpy mleet ti,'' lulliwing Specift utilils -. me must N(IT i i V Al'enui a miemb,,x of the Agiatorstauff, exceptt I un .-Thiuy nitist N( 1 mention any ntrove rsIa sublet ts (U. e. sex, the 'range peel, or Pres. Schlitz 4 .AII must be sline, tielude the hoam e taddres>-a meamu rem ents and tel ephone niumlher or writer (If male, te abve may be Ignored, and th etter must be delvered personally into the circular receptacle provided conveniently in each class room) and if pssible a picture. .Letters of the length just necessary to till the available space will be given preference, and the Aggitator staff will personally investigate any letter whose dimensions indicate that such a persuance might prove interesting. .in keeping with the above it may be noted that a return address of Jennings, Mallory or Rawlings, will be instrumental In bringing the letter to the attentionof the editors. i |, | .|| 1 i I I 4. jr I ill i|| || if r f'. LI frin g A New Tbhc Lid On ( t e (I al | C | |rl i i (1 i 11 | | I d |1 j 1 |r I he 'i"'i4 lie 't*IIVoI' mu1<h 'hiiu io Aw iting]i thei es' ,.erhis i a iru nhliioni. IDurin el.iet IupIlle 0f V(As 5, A v'''i istut.' IIluni he, like te hiv Ijis IIbsehI.'r. And I halidog irii siv'.*ed 'li list gOOtdbv to tLil a I }m'tic i ettuie and turedto hi rd watching to till Pie Va, uous loilginir fot excitement lie Itdt helind. Now your colnn is hinting that suILitwnene far on the horizon, the nib ryompi re minats of this forgotten iace are beginning to take the shallow breath of new life. DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIS (QUID MEAN? It could start with one demented ft eshman cringing in the dark recesses of his lonely room. The perspiring tremnblingsilence echos through an empty soul -setting off reverberations of hollow madness that build into a creshendo of screaming stillness. Slowly the whirlwind of passion condenses into feverish jumble of syllables that join themselves with demonic urgency into the sarriligous cry of a tortured soul --The steming brain gasps a desperate whispered denial, and succombs to the whelming surge of insensibility. The madness rises with a tortured breath and lifts itself cast the trembling lips into the I ilng tImot ii sp'isnii controllable' rage until Lu collapses io rimis> (I icohereniry, the I tOli il m cITmi*s thI. selolf Victiu ii inh swath of liesti *si, the INOISe. At 'ird the camipu.s ntitit iiw is lit. seems to g, ,, uwaia Hut slowly the mmi,j servant iotit., a chiangini lor of iampus life. miii are seen wand1erit; iiuss the glazed expression of Flis rll,' I zed obsession. These pe'opj.' >,n meeting in public, shike haii uj a peculia; manner as if p s some secret signal. The I (Ik 'orange and blue' take on an FIIIi mysterious significance. r0 il groups can be found huddled Ic gether an the oaken darkms m the millhopper, chanting wfth iicreased boldness their for'k~i, slogan --I air a gator 'iim -I AM A GATOR FAN -I AM A GATOR FAN!!I' Bursting into the open like smoldering forest fire the campus is swept into a con~SUmmIIg inferno of frenzied activity. Posters appear as if like magic proclaiming loyalty and s uppoi t. Restless groups of serried etieit prowl the campus night scitte rii leaflets and decorating goalrvsts. Words like TEAM, and WIN d SPIRtIT creep into the :iampus vernacular. On those chilly November <iturdays when the whole seetlius mass of organhzedchaosisgtieied into the stadium, the whll town seems to shudder under thm Impact of thou 9ands of vOices raised in a single chilling roar. Once more the ignominious inviilOi> are subjected to the rattling illfluence of the thunderous chant Ii GATOR BAIT GATORt BAIT, GTOR BAIT! Bugles sound as tIP gators break huddle and the woili 'CHARGE" becomes a quverir' shaft of frustration impaled lii tii spirit of the enemy team. Vanigated patterns of color click iii& existence as cards are flasied with military precision. As ( team goes off the field alter a W'll played game they're given astandli lng ovation EVEN IF THEY LOW Think of the effect this rmaelstrom of activity would haveonthi stability of our fair campus. Some of our most cherished traditions would be lost; no longer coul fans enjoy the lusty cheers extOlling the virtues of Lam'ba POOmT the prodigious irubibition of antifreeze would be curtailed for teal of missing an Important play (Iab would be able to WALK out of the stadium); and last but pat.> mount In Importance, the cheerleaders would have to waste their precious time attending pepralie5 and leading cheers. Mr. Blunder, I appeal to your reason an~d intelligence to throw your energies into the battle to eliminat, this devious force before it envelopes our fair campus. Help stamp out this movement, aoddeal the rmanntnrarq or nennants and ., a ". ^ -. t .'~ 

PAGE 5

Casual Observations Battle Of TFhe Titans R, WAYNE NORFL~r Eddtorai Edpdor wIr iin't nitia. the ii Ij' 1i i dirt weut whit; ing Iy EuJ Io, e a iulying blur of ed .rid whit.'. Ten rrnites liter he iiudy st rolled through the office, sli i ngurin faded lue ceans, .w1 k upper lip suppx rting rettitulous bristling mnustau'he, .ini biti, eyv. peering myopically through horn rim med glasses. Thire a a> ,llght slo Ut Ii to his stihulcier s, and the c arch's wty his at miS swunri at his sides give rio jnorteiitioii of the comiiig daing.r. Whenl re reached the enter if thirm m, an evil glrem flickerI InI hits e\ he qumckly pi voted or' his supe twelve shoes jt] Sent ajithttr flashing missive zOonhin pist mhy ear. addus 'trikis .agai ThIF ilove evezits lii Olily SOmlli of the Latest aitioris pi 'ipltsted by the feud that h;as (l'veloJpid Iretween, myself .nd thladprullferaton of puisen pens known ,is 'Ion edlis' It all started when 0nw lay, in an honest IttQempt it Vt< il icy, I typed a~ mess ige on the iiiimmy sheet for theeditorial page.'hI s spaic res, Cved] tot' b eb Ic ttet t at graphic humor by iim istilt mi 10n of the pert."' The next mnorimirg I found on mry desk small suip of paper', decorated by the famous weeping lion that immediately ienititied it I5 'i message fromii addis. *i t s aid si miply, What is neither (Om~l preheiislv t otr ogernt 101 sells lIe nor IitelI gent io r theet.'' I retaliated with '-What is mlustachroed bleeds black *nk when pierced with a .super' or 'rte! lett, andi is going extliict.AAdvark ad s. After seting thle above, lie give a derisive laugh inn! 'ame hack with 'The thing tihi mikes mie fear for the alhigato is tlhat Its edtoria oliy son h'Wayn.'' let's face it, I was liurtin--. nevertheless t akinig the advice of the hard, I decided that being in the battle, I would bear't that the oppos'd should beware of me. So I couniteredi with.''An addi meter is the newest in the microbiologists table of nmeasures.afl adijimeter is equal to one to tine minus one hundred nillinicrons. The unit was derived by taking addils' I. Q. (Iin miles& to the teni$h power. Ihle unit is Used to measure the humor In an Alligator Cartoon." This exchange seemed to snap the one frayed renmal mu jg Iliread of decency left in the feeble mind, and unleashed a torrent of descriptions such as, "Wayne Norfleet is to good writing as the Jews harp is to Beethoveli's ninth symphony.or as womtanlhood Is to Jack The R ippe r .or as (**CENSOREfl'*l." I waved one little finger of wit to prove I was still alive by remarking that addia is to cirtooning as Bluebeard is to marriage, and that after his last cartoon', addis' pen went into mourning for having been a party to the death of humor, .etc. Oblivious to the obvious attem, at fair play on my part, ad began going completely beyond fte bounds of reason by writing limi.11. 41 1,4 I. a id\it. sJ, \rA Iim ~ij NI 1141 h r n Ph Olitig 1>51 rImm with li Skni.' I wi. ili( wh nI (11114 I me uip maull itdrli M fans will .ill rit, jiii writ, An itirti i rtoio I 1k,' i ftstlve htlhirtj My I itrs wer.' sulbstantiateut sid Wvu, "' holy mIrkerel, I'nm ii liiias otfriy cOltiuns like hell! I .in i rank out the words In thllndering herdis, Poo Lid that I can't do it well!' Said Wayne, art' stie, Mvy <olirin 'Though my fingers is jiist five-fioot-four it' I n a k LI It St,'st *1 a W Nutil jll this Imihst lnii{slide .it.ul[ IOpeIS tII Isihnhil out ifth ii H iv iii', n ti iel ir itti thy t, estth!Ish uili' 'p41t o0p'r spirit at thiInir with !otes tilltiin Iih,' hr like featitis in lii sdwiuidsttirm. Iu 'indet.'rminetito kerpabove of JN'.e toimy muitst.iihiecjIiiti t. lirgi to ii aw biN trt){)z, 'll show mny iinagiiuiitiity by .11l1nw hIm In make It 'is lr gi. is Ii. ieds In, to get hIlspoAint .ii }ss.iid whn hi (01m11 hII tluting th sime old size, I'll ht:ive ii' r*'ls(js ill written jut. 'I couldn't lo hit, was hIs .oiiy Or liy labit would ne*VHr have teasel. For to niake up In sire whit It locketh in sense It would cover ix pages ii least' W. C. N. L ET TER S: b:)It)R. Stop mrc before ,I kill m"or ii Namie Withheld Hav A Blas I lItIN)l{: Stop him' hifoi tOlr' [he kills mip I iviiig ii citer President Speaks 1<1)T1 : We would lik. to offic ally <onlimn tip ectliin of the I :yionla Kops in ;rrestlng 1'!. students in tie it E:st pr va'n toios .Wh at the hMI ,i w can't haive little fun Th.' F ept, of ReItltIin EFITOR: In response to your recent editoral ittackmig miy posi t ion I (Editor's Note: thhi> letter ha~s been slightly edited Iicilise cif spate pi obletri.) FItJITOR. James Wilk Mandy Zilch nstin, George Fink, I'res. Wrights Unless your s' hool tbanid immnediately adopts thi, till gallon hiat L, part 0t the standuarit iifor mi, lie justice depairtmnit will begin aii utensivi imv,'stigaition of your iiistittutioii. I Let There B. Pieces IT )1)R: I we ever find the the typewriter out we're going to stuf throat arid stomp paints "Thou Shalt all over his kidney. guy who stole of our office t it down his him until It Not Steal,'' Student Peace CUion EDITOR: we believe the bellocose rumblings of the Student Peace Union to be dangerous and disturbingly unsettling. : May I take this opportunity to ((Ingiatulate The Agitatoron the fine job that has been lone on JlfmpU5 aid niatlonul news roverage; the copy has betti will written, c curate mid titerestIn~g. i view of the t remniidous problems of putting out i ddily paper siuperimposed on the ('arrying of full awade mit load, I ftink your Nforts hive been superhuman, nd your results mmltieitly %ut'sSfull. Walker ILundty I S N I S L T E A N N C T E STUD Agfgff ANYI 3E Sound attenuators as utilized by military and c onrer cial jet aircraft around crew TH E BIGGES T & EVER PUBLISHED POOLIN'! GREA TES ON OR t ORANGE PEEL OFF CAMPUS "DCC A -----Buy GOODWI N MARKETING'S SUPE R SELL E R He made $9,000 in 2 months from the US Navy, and combines experience and humor to teach salesmanship. ONE----------* POT SHOTS ONE MORE liME KEN KENNEDY INTERVIEW WHO IS THIS MAN SHANNON? LETTERS TO TIGERT PEELMATE BETTY WENDT -----BU Y O N E ---------GI RLS OF FLORIDA A special 6-page tribute to The Girs of Gatorlond ~1 GIRLSS 'N' GRADUATION" ISSUE with Don Addis, "Bodies by Fischer', Fondol Fanoricin, NOP Graduation KIt, Fun, Sex & Laughs!i Sri LL ONLY 25c , Eg|Tog; 

PAGE 7

e G Ur8n2 or Roirm 4 Fla., For Sale ate model flrida mnutorcy' c e115c. 2 cyclInder electric starter. or Informal ion cal IIUary Iluber J72-9345 after 6. (A -128--21-r'x30 mobIle home and newly winsh flrted 10 2(1' rabara. yrve mninules (rom raImpus. Town aiid Country Tra Ic r Lodge 176 -286,5W. A. Kelly (A -124 -St -p5. lambretta I5 So,1). Gool engine. line low cost trarsportatiin.$1 0(. II interested nill F P 6-367k. (A I 27-4t -). Student selling H x 28 mobIle home-complete bath facilities with tub. }hikory Bill Trailer lark. Inquire at iffi e, 37t-6982. (A 'Yes, Virginia, there so Dr. Strangelove'" and we ore HOLDIN OERH N This 'Great For A 2d BG WEEK TH-RU TUES, APRIL 7 I *3*5*7*9 pm S s's 0" S AL WINNER OF OF THE YEAS! L eta PstoV pres s t AM Siu AI NPdcv f I j 'IA, CliIucr~'. Eiizgiiiriw I Inc., N I hint1 ~ ye. iid 2-155!. A' >J-tf-r '. '' II liii 200 p. I. records for ,41e. Inliividually or Us package deal at barg sin pric e --}IIalt class al, halt popular. All ret ords in gcx$ onditlon, mYanty perfec t. 2-3811. after 0(1 p.m. weekdays only. The new polaroid Land C'amera. lakes color pictures. $40 savings. Never Ieen tsed. ( all FU 2 -0516-. (A -123 -f. I rmiiith old1 purebrSd i ow puppy$ 30. Temrixo, iry dIIstemnper shot al ready give i. 2 -%2W or 2-7262. (A-I 29-It-c. PUT YOUR AD tHERE $1 for One Day TIhe Iesi <I mer cfm hlniv' In )i'rs. -NEW YoRKER Peter SeIler*-George C. Scott Dr. Strangelove or How I [arnd ToStog Worrying And ton The Bomb A-uto. 6Jh .14 is hi. tbola | p *,-i)U I. 21U3 N. WV. 15th Tern i i (A-l29-2t). Adura T. V. 17" table model. $ 15. Ext elleit rundition. 3726107. 703 N. K. 2nd St. (A-I298' x 30 miohi Ie homie and newly Sonstruct ci 10' x 20' daana. f ive TmlIultes from campus. Town and Country Trailer Lodge 376-2865. WA.Kelly. (A -124 -St-c). Thi e fot ed room, near }howard Johnson Pest jurant. 2.4867. 2 hedroomi well-furnished first floor dunlex. Quiet neighborhood ie at c anpus. A ir-condit loner. Will a cept 3 mature, quiet men students or faculty. 6-6494. (H129-Jt-c). FOR RENT -3 bedroom 2 full bath houses, kitchen equipped and pa tially furnished. Any no. of occupants $100 per mo. 1620 N. W. 55th Ter. Call 2-8668 after 5. (B3-129-5St-, 1/2 block from law building; 2 bedroom apartment, completely furnished, kitchen equipped, all electrIc. April and August rent free. Available alter April 20. FR 0-7065. (B-129-3t-c), Housing for mleD students. One block from campus -Near airconditioned main library, all facilities for good living -private entrances, ground floor, motel style. Refrigerators, some air conditioners. University approved. Low summer rates, OffIce 127 N.W -1 -6-Terrace. phone 6-6494. Keep cool this summer in Coonial Manor -apt. 55. For Fringe benefits in sub-letting, call 3727918 immediately. 4 rooms, good location and good neighbors. (B126 -4t-c). Large, comfortable front cornerroom. Located downtown. Arranged for 2 mnak students. Kitcheli and other privileges. 6-4592. (B.104-tf-c). HEELS p,9 en. iSiudes SOLES pnt ein 15lmmls MODERN SN semi EPAER nal hk Pour students t amrtort av .,apeL ia msjmi~er ate,. ill Nix. Tunes, F U -I lb. S.u ia ii impUa yoU ietd ii at. ( H-120-tf-c}. Air conditioned efficiency apartments. Suitable for -people, $70 per month. 1829 N. W. 2nd Ave. Suitable for 3-4 people, $100 per month. ISIS N. W. 4th Ave. Tenants pay electric only. Also available for fall trimester. Call evenings 6-4353. (B-114-t-t.c). Attractive large room in qoji modern home. Ideal for stude, who needs a desirable place study. FR 2-7883. (43-Ill-If-c NEW AIR CONI)ITIONEDJ furhished apts. Bedroom and bath on balcony. Kitchen dinette, anti livmig room on main floor, colorful full sr'e appliances, washing machines in each apartment. Walk TO LUrversity. Shown by resident manager -Apt. No I., Campus Apts. 402 N. W. 18th St. J R 23357. (B-l19-l0t-c). Available for summer trimester. Two-story two bedroom furnished apartment, with kitchen. One block from campus. $90 month. Call 6-2160. (B-124-fit-c)-. Large clean apartment, electricity, hot, cold water furnished.$40 and $65 per month. Summer rates 1614 N. W. 3rd place. FR 2-2946 or F R 2-7366. (B-128-5t-c). Large room-furnished, includes utilities. QUITE, tile student. Includes study and sleeping roomi. Located near campus and town. Call 6-5368 or 6-210a 202 N. w. 12th rer. (B-l28-tf-C). Clean single rooms, $20 and $25 per month. For men only, three blocks from university. 1614 N. W. 3rd Place. FR 2-2946 or FR 27366.<(B-W2a-St-c). One bedroom apt. married couple. 0 campus. Car port. Ave. 6-2771. $75. F 2 students or ne block from 1126 S. W. 2nd (B-128-3t-C). Wanted 2 female roommates nee summer trimester. 2bedr behind Norman. $18.75 pe Call Sandy 2-8810. ((-12 Female roommate for ni trimester. Private bed, large comfortable house. w& a car. 2-8588. CC -12 ,ded for DOom apt. Lost & Found] ,I NI WIwrst wit'h m ti'hre m .il [ i det U 2 'CN. Indiit io IlitissryAutos -j 1961 sprite. Excellent meehahitally. Chassis clear, tonneau covet, side windows and good top. Clean car reasonable price. (al Wisser 6-322 Ex.62 alte 5 pm. ad or weekends 2-6295. (G-113-Uf-c). 1956 Studebaker wagon-air-conditioning, heater, radio, good tires. Car guaranteed for $200; will sell nas is" for $150. Call 2-2722. (U -123-SI-pt. SCONG-CAP. We're only "umber 3. We have to try twice as hard &s number 2. Try our FURY at $6.49 plus 90/mi. FR 6-3044. Services GAINESVIL LE MINIA TURE RACEWAY. l argest 'Slot Car'' track in North Florida. Opening April 3rd. If you don't know what it is drop by any night this week for a look-see. Old Phi Kappa P1. W. Univ. above l ord Byron s. (M~1-128 -3t -C). POWER MOWERS AND) E[XiEIS repaired. All work guaranteed. Pick up and delivery. Minimum charges $2.00. Charlie's Fix-it Shop. IGIB N. W. 1st Ave. Call 2-7233. (M-l06-tf-c). EUROPE AN JOBS -TRAVEL GRANTh for all students. Lifeguarding, office work, etc. For prospectus application send $1; Liberte, Lwebourg City Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. (M-113WOMENS A LTE RA TIONS ANL. DRESSMAKING. Fast Work and reasonable rates. 372-6786 or 250-R Flavet III, (M-124-6t-p). i-'Help Wanted I h.SPA RE TIME. You can earn $40 :7-St-c). a week commission by showing -~the Viviane Woodard Beauthi Proext fall gram. Call Johnny Turner 376,oom In 1480. 9-5. (E-120-l5t-c). 'LU needn B-3t-e). WANTED: Roommate to share air.conditioned apartment. Two blocks from campus. $70 a month -$35 per person. Pay electricity only. Should have car, Call 6-4163. (C-129-tf-c). One roommate wanted. Apt. summr. Ar coditined for two two ohn wrrlywb50-54 FORDS and CHEVROLETS. Al Herodon's Service Station. Located 916 &E Wanted waiters for summer trimester. Must be 21. Gatehouse Restaurant. 1222 W. University Ave. CaMl 6-5843. (E-123-tf-c). Real staI with 4-1/2% from your savings account. Buy apartment units or future business property ii, the mncr .---, ... it Car Rental '' It Mode Me Loff'' signed Modi ne Grunch HE STORMED THE ARABIAN DESERT. ITDO T HE LEGENDS ~OLOF THE WORD First Run *open 6:45;show 7:00 eW 

PAGE 8

1< ) PAR T OF POVERTY PROGR AM Corps Move ill ILII tt' lL it itk s i ktke'r. It Is to~~~~~InInua rp~. Volunteers Into Flavets eiitit tIpni i et t .likit 1111'I 'ity Ihig theproGli otI ptits .it thU < tASS [hilts tie ttakod i i } ] Let AZ I. is I, PC ti h o'0 1' wla~ wI' ive Ii shlie (lii hind with tihts,' little lizowln bugs,' sipi I Iii OI riivuid miE Io blivel Iii. "Artr iii ; t pr'its sind It, the mlOnIt'y t, supp10t dl rheme kids ndit I-, nut f(ur thUt they should h ivt to ,lounitt a pwt thili If their stuik to t't i euuIP's frui F onti St rvIt K' Iiite St lii Ihki -ii.sici til l is ih, I uck 'I riproti ion lirntirg the '.atuves. plodluitioI ft iim the hirei. I'hIy ily hi'. .x lhillirern pi family 't preiet ind if lbhe iatives i jtitt t, Eunbu it suihli low r ile It will toiiupletely ha supt the r,41d.nIs wa' Oil polVety .Wi' i in not ha.ve so mnuiy eopI. .imphy.It init .1111 mrintitinouir hgh rt,' tif 'ip.ricin,"' sid Sthr hul4. A rierent poll of village wives iii.ite, l.'ruimitd for rmjrt' ,tiidy time as a iause of the birth decline. X We do our best to dn our parit I nt It is very Ii ff1nult to totipet. with the charms of advanited uglciilatiing or what ever they ildl it' said Ellie Grumpet 4011. living condit ions for the l'eaci Corp volinlt' rs will be Yeriy similar to those enmounte red In the nios t untier dfrveiotd rut Ions aco rd1 ng to Sehriber. ''We choose the IFlavet area as I pilot operation because or the many problems our leaders can encounter. Whereelse canthey learn to dodge the dripping or coffee from a second floor apartment while they fight off the Invasion of termites, said Schriher as he wiped brown dripping from his ears. History of the buildings iin the Flavel are is dtes hauk to the Spanish Americait War. According to data available the buildings have boen sold and resold so often there is one IOU 20 storeroom in the l'tntagon bi dinrg tilled with the records uif silt'. Vet For B (Special To Agitator )--The United States Suprenme Court yesterday voted by atclose 5-4 margin against the chaims of Miss liarbrous Th, ta in the controversial decision deulinug with Miss Theta's right to sit Is official ruem r ilt' of the In I hireel of St ipid PullI C ations, The decision came is Inj sur prise to anyone who hid followed the eve r -spiralIng Thola case which orgiriated sonic five years ago in Gainesville, Vla., uuid ias been repeatedly appealed by Miss Theta ever since on ever-higher judicial levels. "This thing isu't ovir yet,"' a haggard and paIe Miss Theta, replied upxon hearing the Supreme Court's derision. 'Just like every txnrd or judh 1a4 grOup In this country, the Court is biased,'' she Forf 3 Weeks Several UF' students werecaught by a campus kop early last night as they tried to make off with a sink hole behind the Agrieulture Building. officer Albert A. Bresdniple apprehended the culprits when he returned from a routine investigation only to find his rar buried under 22 tons of sinkhole. ocs Theta ored Slot cointiniuie, omd everyone known It is rilieri with dirty plnkros. Miss Thei.t a chia rged h 'resident with tourt-phkiug renimrisieteil if the (lays of I' ranklini Roosevelt and .1.d she would (,rCe again appeal thi derision of the land's highest tribunal. ''I'll tak. ihis to the. World Coun t, if neressatry,'' she replied. "Ti me, effort gnd mono y ire riot Simport ant when the rights of th. IndivIdual Ire at stak,." In the majority opinion read by justice Robber Itsker most recet avqulsition to the Supreme Court, said lDespite the natural tendency of the law to take sides with the harriissed minority, it is nonuptheless Important thsk we realize that the jaw must be followed to thio letter in matters such as this, regardless of the ramifications Involved. Unfortw,ately, despite Miss Theta's good looks a n d chrshe smply is eyes of this majority. I, furthermore, refuse to answer any other questions-," onfib, rou The dissenting opinionnia written by Justice Byron "Whizzer" Whit., who stated, "8.1ng thai I was a big football star back In college and a fraternity man, I have a deeply-OIed seine of the value of sororities and sorority women. For thi. reason, Iheithat the Court must uphold the claims of Miss Thbeta in order to retain the sanctity of the Greek orglslZation." A slightly pale UT president J. Court Bid 

PAGE 9

AFTER 100 YEARS CenturyTower 9 U a -a brT~ Pat Henry Poo--Pood By Leg Council The cluttered details surrounding the refusal of Legislative Councii (LEG) to ratify the nomination of Patrick Henry, IlUC, ror the cabinet position of Secretary of Student Cheer were unearthedyesterday In a special report handed down by LEG Majority Leader Lyndon B. maames, 0LW. Henry, "IUC and unqualified,' according to Blamnes at the Tuesday night LEG meeting, was denied his appointed post by a surprise vote of 43-I in Legislative Cornell's move to thnart the wishes of Student Body president Kenneth Trickledrick, IUC. According to the majority report compiled by Blamnes and others, 'We decided to keep Patrick off the post merely because we are blatantly bad guys in the opinion of UF studentry and we desire to perpetuate this Image, and also because we never like to seat lowly freshmen who have patriotic Freshmen with patriotic names tend to try to climb the political ladder too swiftly, Jonathan Jefferson, 3PE, added. Jefferson ledi the vicious hloor fight to bar Henry from his post. 'Candidates in student body elections should never win just because they have names which coincide wliih famous nationalpoliUicians, present or past," Jefferson continued. The refusal of LEG to seat Henry stunned the normally apathetic campus to the quick, resuIting in the hurried formation of several lobby groups intent upon pressing the LEG decisIon. Charity Woodchuck, IUC, and sellappointed president of the 'Giwe Uie Patrick Or Give Us Datb" lobby group, said the tight wn ot finsihed yet. Ariew group ofienr> pporters, a splinter group fro, the Wocdcbuck lobby. was in the troXy KORNY KOIINE IlUS 'e*f Writer to capture anyone e authorities had Falls wUpI ex.I' ompw[teri N 5lOwyI m the 7 .111. NI "tie it To rl\ 100 ose s f l pril I, 844, toppled g ri u[nd todjs at about fione w is hIinrtdi Loss to explain h" 'I r Gr'd ye~i s, something like the On. Hoist Slas of oil ver Wendell iHoliiis' yO\WHi poem ci the same mlne. j awivs woliereI why they railed it C C ittu r Towei ,'' exI aimiu ,Ixudent whosaidhe would rather not it veal his name. ''.1 tt iall n'\ime Withheld,'" hesaid mHode stl,. 'Me too," aid another. HBut I sure (to like that poem, 'Oliver Wendell liolmies.'" Ciapus police discounted the possibility that the same prank.sters who stole tIE mascot Al-bert might have had a hand in the tower episode. ''That's what whoever did it waiits us to think,'' a police spokesman said. "-They're going to find out we ain't as dumb as they think." Tigert officials expressed themselves as "oke, "horrified," ''saddened'' at the tower's fall. Giving" Prices fl0 .cI ACaIr SPONGE MOPS Never get yoar hands in spring action mop with 4' threaded handle. I9-iNiCH MEiAL PATIO TABLE ggC COVER SET Reflects heat f o r faster, smoother irorinqi AlIu m,nmzed co v er, pad an d shaped foil to place bePRETTY PLASTIC WASTEBASKETS Qeoc nman an.n 1~>jrhit I It tppk~ee,'' s.idbeHkeeperw~%iiSI1w ThrICen. I was playing '(,alde.mus Iwu'tl 7ik I1.Ialways dand ill of suldeii lie tower started to shake. 13v the tin> I had fled to ,fet\,tliete wm Iothilg left but rubbl e." An unlideiitified m~ember of the Civil Aviation Authority( A A)was quoted as hemng not exactly unhappy about the mishap. 'We're net ex-. actly unhappy about the mishap,' he said. He was unidentified. The tower had been considered a men.ace to commert al airplanes by the f AA,. One theory offered holds that the Tower was built to last exactly 100 ROADBLOCKS WERE SE T UP .soon after the tragic demise of the Century Tower in who might have had a hand in the dastardly deed. At pr no leds as to the ide ntity of the cuipret(s)-. an attempt ~ess time th 4 ,$prrnga$le frthe Largest Assortment Ever at "Value REG. $2.99 SET! SHOWER CURTAIN ENSEMBLES Heavy qa age 6x6.foot s h ow er curt'h, V. w it m atchinqg c a f wi, w curtain end vs anc,. Cla SPRING SPECIAL! ANTIQUE SATIN DRAPES PAIR PINCH PLEAT TOPS Pretty floral, scenic a nd modern p atterns of 63% rayon a n d 37%/ acetate. Single window sie; lergths. Satin-w.v. bachi arts as liner. .ompar* at $1 96! COTTON BROADCLOTH TIER CURTAINS t e E .stL 

PAGE 10

thietic Department In A T urmoil; -, It4~t> II n(II the IilKe'<t sa it ,k sjports, listol \thilpti le tvI the 1,0.111 otuto 'hveois Nori' wVII lOt It t+u he .1,1 I it Ii g t e I r iil h ii ksi o r l Change ki'' [(PUTt '0 tin thISbiIhd '~'IS kiftt'L liii' Its 'h't he it' il ti', tthQ m110nev Itid iii i t ii e' lhr Lii N' htuh w. oeshaLets~ will ,t hit! .L1 sm 'etil htut r~tmS aid ii uits, I W, u I will e al *Iihhhes 'dl liiu-zh~ip,, I'. .am sht. Lit ll]tp tO lii ti to(dli A .p lisItlball ritliem 1b'toJ P il vi fmes ( p"5 '' ''>1 *'i hi A lien tints was firsi nn'pbo, ,ii ow tv1r, the leaih-r Uf ''nY( tive btit uip a tijily liii, will Lii i'ssitt let! ultinr whole jew uchof kids. This y'ir's i~dcould onIIy play in ii, key giln' he taught to play in .lite s they do it loridIa stati.' I!, di itervr.ew with lhe mw o tihe Agitator A~$ learned she FwL Sp orts t Is r si hLIl iip t' i Ie AII inr forwarI, prilitiy "Ofmi(Stt. IItodI bbe take drib imi I1 this Idils, I0 i' l r iinet S It 5PEC A L! C Come in today and take Gala Spri Special I ng April advantage of Fool's Day Bathing our Suit Perk your suntime personality with a two-piece model from the Personality that makes us the fool -ingy' attire to browse oke. I .iyoot ( oIntest wire Agitator Ass't. sj award.td the 'Sports lland on'' iiophiy by expose orn their propa Deptf. Wins Awars ports litur st,'vey V iiiit*,taloge was Write IWe Woulil Most LIIke To Get Our! ill the iuuls Oh' hrtmpus for his lurid ritioti Cor the vominig sarndbix season. Vauntolicalone who wa.s last seen l.'avtng (ainesvylle hastily packed suitcases alter leaurrniig award was heard to have said: ''I am very honored to know the of nio however, I definitely rind it of school for th Isazy Is vusy *. Back on out playing ey let' there center sgeta move You arn't on the team just because you have such cute dimples on New Bosketboll y our knees coach Mrs. Norm Slopes, puts the threw .GI alone their eom, (flak boys paces SPORTS S TAFFERS Lazy (hideous grin) and stevey ed out) could not major layout problem. tion recentl, oC his wining of the fellows tIlink so high nieccss.r ry to drop oi looking ror new Ass, to heIp with layout an 'ut id column writing. "Their Is i't much pay mnd the hours are t'ackhreakiru, says Lazy, 'hut Just think or the experience you will get." ''Their is a Very l~'zy added. become spors quick charngeov'r In the sports staff,"' "This gives a %l riving young mThn a chance to editr ral uirk. They you work even more hours, hut they ('Ut your pay.' '~Ad~~.J,. H' L TODAY IS GLENN LANEY Vaughntobecomre to terms on day's The Super Agitator sports won P.U. Litzer 'gold typewriteraward" P U A 4. I 4 r S5 BIRTHDAY -h Doyouandr 'while you shop rapesAnnouncesslopes' a am n onrhiii 1i leLI Shop, at a price Plenty of other r through, too. N i ,irt'. t le .3. -.,,' It he doesn t aan bal hainilGleam [ .us, .\eitator Minits Editor his been pionnum ed first ploe pruewinner ni ilm national Besi smile" contest. L.vy 's Agitatoi spor is e olmun pa to e was submitted to the contest .md immediately won the hear is al the smiling juriges, I ary's entros in the National Newspaper ( opy Editing and 

PAGE 11

Many Contestants Missing All Back Het I Jit I wrildt Elk, U' iia u 'to ii r || Olhirf hiL ISm ii not really is pil 11,101 N sa \r tui Ily thi, txpiris~tii "put it .ill ELJ k iii' n r p'st r e rlrjytu I t a hnj iut ti, thi i ni, i k c.' In I 'r IM .1 il I Pool Team Plays Dirty Pool Svir year thec I Dir id:i poil-slirit ing tU. r-pibimi,.rl tlinig liii Hnr thast 51. 'Ii. h M 'e iwadth irmkfuirt.' wicit I, Link inn Ikt iln th. finm". wm thk'amle. this wi, it WVilhstren flin ii wionty F~lying ()'s." ijimki, Ibeig a 'oli l [ .ila lix w.Ikkel ip IhII u ITad id teapv(,iCi Yelled jpit it ill b.i I is jOt Off tOIDI, but ipily a mir. I ,iix 'in,, isv the way, wi ilavyt liw fipph gilmhs he toughest carpms in the l.*gu+ whii will toughest Ii oripltit 0,n they hay, evil simn. I Was talkimi, to my liuddy lop lIerleisttI I (,airiesvil.' 8,,,, the othit day amd wt wire .iskiel mfl U sty hjillo I, Gail Juil Iuh Martha and .hfiunyv:md the rest of the I-S(W o S I iv',' Ih' Ft khali Is, ijilfi unillrl V Ih], ough a i .I I"' .Ii ]) ikl4 th h t ra n r filoh' liii I. kjii k om in~t<| ithie i tO I ev', to the tthie, itihak Liii K ii" do I r,'mainlI sthiL XpLI S S Ini, m IJJ up gijist -Ihiti n thu IlK 501111 ci h ,i thSpi itt eilittfr ci t disr'ussiiig thilrws .d ird Shirley iid Sally ad tall teaur. Needs Fan Support What our teim ijeeds I, suppAort. With ill lihi tough gamis (doming up I think we shioull all go out and give the teamit support. What a tai rn,'ds more than anything else is support. A strong school pride iS built onfirm .,thletic support. (Ah yes, I almost forgot. The pool-shooting team playS. z 0 Mont Gumway, Gatorthird K ~sacker, retired from college baseball yesterday. Gum&>way was the only third sackCr In the league who used 4the bounce throw over to first base. in tact, Gumway was not particular whi' base he bounced the ball to. The only base he did not have trouble throwing thi' hail to was third-. Stepson Gor e Sports Briefs 4 Hartle Drowns Head swi m roach. Bill Hartle, drowned yesterday while swlimming in F lorida pool. fleath was die to accidenital drowning said captahii of the swim team, Dimpies tivitggodd, who personali, held Hi tie under the water for several mitiutes-. L)Isse ntIon on the team has been rumored. Percile Recruits I Inastartling nio'e esterda, ,rerrile eards, ead track coach of the UEF actuK AT's Woods bvI, ,lv' l 'Lid. Ilk LII II V' oil. U's It,1a Super Challenges Iil } C It w T i' ll')U IL\ II1 slit1 1i ssius N a' the Wev. V tIn IiiHua ~Ia4 Thua h'tinii iil i o te'tly urutd Nuitmty-ot -t-Yeal 1ut onot while d01mC4 thit wit als visterdly, wit iiling per-Itctly ind that hie wyouul lie reuity Iii tight. spiti-up ilnie-tel svstelm, .iperFSU Team Gone I The F SIT Alligator stealing team has disappeared and is presumed dead. Meanwhile Albert has shown up bark at his old stand, several times his original size when he was Gattornapped from his pont' underneath tower. the century *1 '-C8 La 4aC a-v 0 UBlunder Jock ( Retired spor ts editor Walking Blunder has announced that he will go out for the football team in the fall. 'I plan to play quarterback 'sail Blunder. ''I am '-ure I can throw the bal is tar as Shinning (Tommy) did last year.' Miami Finessed The Gaitor Freshman ten"its uei'n snapped Miami''s varsIty 136 game win streak vestArijay aftarnnnn with .i Beat SN Track A 'ISl. I J ter .v li Whiteman Cassius X IL tiii i Iia cit I mit heir it iiow.' spid, "Mali, I'Ti the g'eites thit Solliy 1e113a tliiiks litan the la< guy I fought WhII IL;! Nelson Mcyvi,Ilm ,SuperMiiil's natiager, when asked hi hat ge's {thaiieS in the igainsi (assiis XC said, It TIC big thing." Tis., I. If WIhip th it about In Beta Put It ? ins-') a', C leet sil [ 'f'dl41 bult lii tlish Ih i .,. Ii (jut they tate t.4,1Ii, 5htwA up it their 4 SPP(t iVt' htoist'. It this 111m1. M! InI' i thu. .silt hjer k~r the to thme tdtili tC.IT.,~ii ititsl .Thty wete tavored1 ItTwIl fhit iwardi .is IIII oft surorit Cs hul I ttested to the 81gm .N U' tIpJluitfy of hielig snaikis ini the (I ass. The KAlT house aus, sit uijothl Ieor aal their intraimurilsmngt Kitty lDupai set a record In the Broad J1urnp. Nlips I upa, who Riods Iihe hA Is in all ot their phiys,.ul eudjivot s, jumped three of her teauim1.te during her ret.,It breakmng ptrform unce. Seve. al Sigma Ntis lso wejit lowin belote her ltettriniiit onslaught. M V A Gumway Out Volkswagen, Italian style. The Karm'ann Ghio goes to show you what happens when you turn a Volkswagen over to on Italian designer. It comes out with a noble Roman nose, graceful curves, arnd a 'ow silhouette. In fact, classical tradition is followed right down the line. Fenders, hoods and door frames are welded and shaped and smoothed by hand. Seats and converthble tops are padded and stitched and fitted by hand. Now you might think it's sort of crazy to go to all this trouble, lust to turn out some fancy Italian sculpturing. Especially since this body of work ends up on top of one of those plain VW chassis. But consider. The chassis includes VW's 4-speed synchromesh transmission, big 1 5-inch wheels, torsion bars, arnd an easy-to-service non-temperamental engine. So that with the Ghio's form, and this functional interior. you ye cot Vourself a Qretty solid piece .al n e r o ill i', a e o i i i 
