
PAGE 1

The PR S Florida Alligator ~A fAattscc& THE SOUTHEAST'S LEADING COLLEGE DAILY Vol. 62, No. 8r// University of Florida, Gainesville Thursday, April 2, 1970 OFFICIAL DECISION Price Hike Justification Required Daniel: $400,000 Needed By PHYLLIS GALLUB AfltorWriter The UF Athletic Association needs $400,000, Ray Daniel, athletic department budget director said Wednesday. The present proposal to get this money, which would mean charging students for football tickets and an activities fee increase to the athletic department, is "completely unacceptable," Student Body President Walter Morgan said Wednesday. ALTERNATIVE PLANS have been suggested and action to improve upon the mechanics of the present proposal are still under discussion. Student Government Secretary of Athletics Lee Greene said alumni contributions should be sought. However, Daniel said alumni are being asked for contributions by many different groups and individuals already. He said alumni donations are approximately $300,000 a year now. THE PRESENT proposal-also includes aO5 cent increase in the price of general admission tickets. This is expected to bring in approximately $70,000 for the 1970 season. Greene has proposed an even greater increase for the general public, to take some of the burden of costs from the students. Question has been raised as to the efficiency and importance of the spring sports program. Director of the Athletic Association Ray Graves said to phase out some sports would adversely affect the entire athletic program. DANIEL SAID UF competes in all the intercollegiate sports sanctioned by the Southeastern Conference (SEC). "If we cut some sports, it will eventually effect football and recruitment," Daniel said. He said it is always possible to cut costs, but one reaches a point where he is practicing false economy. A fourth proposal was to raise the sum allocated from each student's tuition, without raising actua tuition. THE $3250 activities fee from student tuition is divided among the athletic a.siatoam, SG, the ReitzUnion and student (SEE 'GREENE'PAGE 2) By CHARLES TRENTELMAN A1lIg*to Writer The UF Athletic Association will be required to justify its need to charge students an admission fee to football games, it was decided Wednesday. The decision came in a meeting between UF President Stephen C. O'Connell and representatives of all groups who receive funds from the student activity fee. WALTER MORGAN RAY GRAVES .suggests alternative .defends increase By TERRY PITMAN said Ralph Glatfelter, president AllatrWrit' r of ODK. Specifically, the policy was "The recent action of the found unacceptable because:Ticket Committee and Athletic S "At a time when academic Association is totally departments and student services unacceptable," according to a are being cut back or held at statement released late their present level, why should Wednesday by Florida Blue Key, the athletic department be the Interfraternity Council and only one free to expand and go Omicron Delta Kappa. first class??" "The policy will prevent sone "Maybe the university needs a students from attending football radical reorganization of its games for financial reasons,". it values, goals and priorities,".the said. statement said. "AFTER ALL, for every 0 The Athletic Association student who can't afford a $4 refuses. to present figures to seat, the department can sell a show exact financial needs of $7 general admission ticket," the department and what this UF Workers' Union To Rally In This afternoon at 3 p., in the Plaza of the Americas, there will be a kickoff rally for the Service Employes Union (AFL-CIO) to begin organizing UF non-academic workers. In addition to generating sunort for the uninn. the raltv WHAT'S GOOD and bad in baseball? UPI sports writer Fred Down writes on the merits of baseball .page 19 ais. .12 Editorials.8 1s,,,at. 6 LWs .g9 .OI .12 Ebin Hapi. -" "3'" Plaza will honor the late Dr. Martin Luther King. SPEAKERS will include: 0 Val Cox, international organizer for the AFL-CIO. 0 Rev. T. A. Wright, president of the NAACP. .Steve UhIfelder and Alan Howes, candidates for student body president. 9 Joe McCloud, member of the Black Student Union. 0 Jay Pffeifer, chairman of Vets Against the War in Vietnam. 0 John Sugg, member of the Young Socialist Alliance and Student Mobilization Committee. 0 Ralph Glatfelter, president of ODK. 0 David Kurtzman, philosophy professor. Director of UF Personnel (SEE MUSKIEE' PAGE 2) According to Student Body President Walter Morgan, the Athletic Association "will meet with student representatives next Wednesday and disclose their financial records in an attempt to justify their needs." STEPHEN C. O'CONNELL .asks justification money would be used for. FOR EXAMPLE Athletic Director Ray Graves -listed renovation of Yon Hall as one need. "Who's he kidding? Does he expect students living in Murphree to pay for the renovation of one of the newest and finest dorms on campus Yon Hall?" commented. Glatfelter. 0 The cost to the individual student is preposterous. For a student to take a date to the five home games, it would cost $38. If he took the same girl then the cost would be only $30. If a student wanted to attend the neutral games, Georgia and Duke, the total would come to $52 for the season. I This policy was accepted on the total projections of Graves, not on itemized expenditures or projections of future needs. 6 The Athletic Association already stands to earn well over $100,000 for the football season without the expected attendance increases generated by a top football team ($70,000 increase -in general admissions; $40,000 -additional game with Duke; $10,000 -one dollar increase in date tickets). 0 The seating program would effectively eliminate bloc seating. I The priority system according to classification is unfair. 'IS IT FAIR for a freshman who would pay the same season ticket price as asenior to sit -al year on the 10-yard line while the senior sits on the 457 We don't think it is,"-said Glatfelter. He stressed that whether the students are charged for games or not, it will not alleviate the financial difficulties of the other recipients of the activities fee. In a memorandum dated March 17, O'Connell said when the activities fee was divided up in July 1969, "it became obvious to all that the proceeds of the $32.50 allocation were not sufficient to adequately fund existing activities." O'Connell requested each of the four organizations to submit budget requests by January 1 to show how much they would need for the '70-'71 year (beginning July 1, 1970) to maintain the existing programs. The extra requests bring the potential activities fee to $37.50, a $5 increase. O'Connell suggested, as a solution to the activities fee allocation problem, that the state legislature grant authority to set. the activities fee for each university, up to a maximum to be setby the legislature. O'Connell said he would have to go to the Board of Regents with a list of needs which "ought to be met from this activity fee." Basically, two different proposals for alleviating the shortages were made: To seek an increase in the activities fee, or to charge students for such services as football games. The only alternative to these would be to cut existing services. Morgan suggested as an alternative to charging for tickets, that the other functions transfer as much as possible of their proposed added income from an activities fee increase to the athletic department. "If we have to," he said, speaking of Student Government, "we can cut back and operate on the $313,000 we had last year and give the extra to the athletic department. Jim Roll, student body treasurer, agreed that this could be done but said the Student Government needed the increase "and he could not consider negotiating the point." O'Connell warned that "we may all be living on $32.50 if the legislature and the regents don't go along with us." He said there was no real surety that the increase will go through. Defending the need for season ticket sales as one solution to the athletic department's difficulty, Ray Graves, director of athletics, said it is necessary to give some idea in advance of how many tickets would be sold for any game to the student body. This is necessary so the excess tickets can be sold to alumni, etc. Pasm to be able to do this in the past -has cost athletics (SEE 'ATHLETIC' PAGE 2) Organizations Criticize Athletic Association Action 

PAGE 2

$12.5 MILLION GRANTED UF Receives State Funds For Med'ical UF will receive $12.5 million higher education in t in state funds for construction Commissioner of of expanded facilities at the Floyd Christian sai Colleges of Medicine and higher education b Dentistry, Walter Matherly, $15 million, approve director of physical planning, last November, will said Wednesday. May 12. The construction, part of the The remaining Health Center's "Project I," is will come from surp being paid for with the UF's the Gross Utilities R share of $25 million in tax Matherly said. money presently allocated for "Our greatest sin All Efforts To Mal UAC Reality Conti PHIL BANNISTER PRINT SALE Today is the last day to view the prints on exhibit in the Annual Spring Print Sale. The exhibit is being shown in the Union Ballroom, A Ba.m.B-H9 p.m. A thletic Budget Head Cites Fund FNROM PAGE ONE health services. This figure is set by the Board of Regents for all state schools and can only be changed with their approval. The next regents' meeting is Monday. UF President Stephen C. O'Connell said he would ask the regents to allow differences in the activities fees in various schools across the state. O'Connell -said students can then decide whether they would rather pay a slightly higher tuition and receive more of the services this money can provide. IF THE REGENTS do allow Greene Knocks Present Policy FROM PAGE ONE3 much needed funds, he explained. Lee Greene, Student Government secretary of athletics, saidthe present plan was both unacceptable and unworkable, because of the limitations -put on students taking dates to the games. Greene suggested instead of selling each student a reserved seat for the season (as the newly passed policy would) every student who wanted to attend football games be sold a "football card" which would entitle him to a seat at each home game. Before the game each student would use his and his date's card. Shortage UF to raise its activities fee, the athletic association could pay their debts, possibly without charging the student -or at least -not charging $3 -$4 a ticket. Graves said the activities fee allocation in Florida is now less than that of many other states. Muskie Lauds Union Efforts F ROM PAGE ONE Robert Button was invited to express the UF's viewpoint but declined the invitation. John McLaughlin, organizer of the rally, has received several telegrams of support from such people as Sen. Edmund S. Muskie, D-Maine. Sen. Charles Percy, R-Ill., and Coretta King, widow of Dr. King, have also sent support. MUSKIE'S telegram stated: "I am impressed by the reports of your efforts on behalf of the non-academic employes at UF. My best wishes are with you on April 2 when you pause to honor the memory of the late Dr. King and to generate support and understanding for the UF workers." UF has 5,500 non-academic employes. MAM SMOKER Monday, Aprilf6 for iformationCal: 372-0038 or 378-6568 Means -of funding the proposed University Activities Center .are still under consideration. UF President Stephen C. O'Connell, in a letter to Chamber of Commerce President Marvin Gresham Monday, wrote that the students' opposition to paying for the center "does notmean that the effort to find a way to make the complex a reality is ended." "ON THE contrary," he wrote, "we. will continue to examine all avenues been or will be su means of funding. The letter, sent and county officials 1 deadline for cons the UAC. Engin The 25th Engin opens today at the Complex Plaza. The fair, which is draw more than 10, SG Candidates F Deadline Toda) Qualification applications for Student Governme quarter elections are due in today at 5 p.m. Students may apply in the treasurer's office on the t of the Reitz Union. THERE ARE 63 positions open, including stud president, vice president, treasurer, honor court ci traffic court chief justice, Honor Court justice posit senate seats Fifty-six applications were accepted by 5 p.m. Tue Roll, SG treasurer, explained the delay in qualifying. .This is normal because most political parties don't I their hand," he said. Roll expects 160-180 applicatio today s deadline. All applicants must be full-time students with a two-point average. Those applying for student bodyI vice president,treasurer, Honor Court chancellor and tra chief justice must have attended UF for at least three THE TRAFFIC COURT chief justice, Honor Cou and senators are required to pay a $5 registration fi applying for the top four SG positions must pa -qualifying fee. V The 18 vacant honor court justice positions are fi each of the 16 colleges. The 40 student senate seats tc are apportioned on a student population basis.' * Party chairmen for upcoming Student Govemment are to meet tonight at 9 p.m. in room 305 of the Rei The meeting, called by Kevin Davey, senate secretai interior, will assign campus billboard space and ballot for the elections. .:. .0. .. Construction he state. is lack of funds for building, Education personnel and miscellaneous d last week costs," he said. onds worth Funds have virtually "dried ed by voters up" for "Title I" grants in the go on sale last few years, he added. Title I is the section of the $10 million Higher Education Facilities Act lus funds of of 1963 which deals with grants eceipts Tax, for undergraduate classroom and lab facilities. gle problem Goldberg: ke No Black LIBERTY, N.Y. (UPI) n ue The Democratic state convention to nominate a which have gubernatorial candidate wgested as a turned into chaos Wednesday ggtod c when former U. S. Supreme Court Justice Arthur J. also to city Goldberg indicated he would sets a June not have a Negro for a ideration of running mate. eering Fair Opens eering Fair will have a controversial feature: Engineering a booth handled by the Army Corps of Engineers explaining expected to the newly-completed sections of 000 visitors, the Florida Barge Canal. ., Exhibits will be presented by engineering societies, industries, ce local high schools and others, ace :-: ::: covering such fields as metallurgical, electrical, aerospace and bio-environmental engineering. UF Vice President Harry nt spring Sisler will greet 10 visiting state legislators Saturday, according hird floor to fair coordinator Phil Parrish. The Engineering Fair Queen ent body will be crowned Saturday, when chancellor, exhibit prizes will be awarded, at tions and a ball given at the S.W. 13th Street Holiday Inn. Admission is sday. Jim free to UF students. Exhibits will be free, and ike to tip open to the public. The fair will ns before be open Friday 5 to 9 p.m., Saturday noon to 8 p.m. and in overall Sunday noon to 4 p.m. president, iffic court Celebration '70 rt es. Opens Today ee. Those Celebration '70 opens today y a $10 with a-folk festival at the Plaza of the Americas. lied from According to John Hawkins, c be fled who handles public relations for Celebration '70, the stress this -time will be in "opening the campus to the community." elections THE FUTURE of Celebration tz Union. depends on its performance this ry of the year. In the past, much money tug areas and personnel have gone into its planning. THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR ist ihe official student newspaper of the University of Florida and is published five times weekly except during June, July and August when it's published semi-weekly, and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida Alligator, Reitz Union Building. University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32601. The Allgator Is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida 32601.1 Subscription rate Is $10.00 per year and $3.50 per Quarter. The Florkia Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical ton of alladvertisements and to revise or turn away copy it considers oblectlonebWe The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustments of payments for any advertseent involving typographical errors or erroneous Insertion unlessnotice is veld to tie advertising manager within (1) opq. 0y after the advertiseMent appears.he Florida Alligator wil not be resparisible for more tha on incorrectinsertion of an advertisement scheduled to run several tirnes. Notices for correction must be given before the next insertlon. Is the stuff ney add to the Their collective working worlds most expensive perfumes. experience? Very deep. Maynard For the world's most expensive Ferguson, Tito Rodriguez, Blood. women. Sweat & Tears, Orchestra Harlow, It's also the name of a nw group Machito, The Latin Dimension, and a new music. Nine of the Lionel Hampton, Eddie Palmieri. weightiest musicians ever AMBERGRIS. together. Blowing as one. It's whale rock. Young, soulful, ANERGRIS. spirited. Original. It's Larry Harlow, Jerry Weiss, AMBERGRIS. Charlie Camilleri, Harry Max, It's also the name of their first Jimaty Mceulen, BillyShay, Lewis album. Kalsn, Glenn John MUet;and .d: OnPcoMM6udn recordss and tapes. G l e. A E.RIS. PARAMOUNT RECORDS a i:vic11 of ~ tro A GUL S 14 CjMPANY 

PAGE 3

Thuudy, Apr12,1070, The eurM AlipoSe., P 3 Faculty To Hear Connor Proposals By RICK ROSKOWE Alligator Write' The University College administration and faculty will meet today to consider Vice President of Academic Affairs Frederick Connor's proposal for University College reform. The meeting, which is By JAY GARTMAN Aligator Writer The U.S. House sub-committee on Conservation HAPPENING BEASTLY BEAUTY: A beauty contest to choose 1970 queen for the Engineers Fair will be tonight at the J. Hillis Miller Health Center Auditorium at 9 p.m. MORE CLOAK AND DAGGER: The movie "Knife in the Water" .is being shown tonight at the Reitz Union Auditorium, at 5:30, 8 and 10:30 p.rn. COPS AND DRUGS? William Kittle, director of the Law Enforcement Police Academy scheduled to open soon in Tallahassee, will be the featured speaker at today's drug seminar sponsored by the UF Police Department. At the Union, room 361. The seminar begins at 8:30 am. and ends at 4:30 p.m. ANCIENT ART: "The Maya," a collection of Mayan art, artifacts and photographs taken by Roy Craven, director of the UF art gallery will be exhibited through April 2 at the gallery. 62Zcte 4 With a John Roberts class ring from, 8 So. Main St. Gainesville, Florida restricted to faculty members, will be held in room 109 Little Hall. IN A DEC. 17 note from UF President Stephen C. O'Connell, the administration and faculty were urged to hold discussions and debate on the controversial reforms that face UC. The UC faculty is expected and Natural Resources has requested UF student Hal Barcey to appear before it Friday to discuss ecological legislation. Barcey, 3AS, will go to Washington, D.C. today to meet with environmental groups, "such as the Audobon Society and the Sierra Club, to see if eventually to present a proposal of its own to the senate. At present there are three proposals the University Senate Curriculum Committee are expected to hear. Proposals come from Connor, UC Dean Franklin A. Doty and Student Government Secretary of Academic Affairs Henry Solares, they can work with newly established groups -to provide a viable output." "Four measures that I would like to propose to the sub-committee," Barcey said, "are, first, a cabinet level post of population and environmental ?ontrol; second, to enact who is chairman of the Student Commission on Reorganizing Education (SCORE). CONNOR IS expected to appear before the curriculum committee on April 1. Connor advocates termination of UC as it presently is structured. He proposes general requirements be fulfilled with legislation to be used in the future (i.e. Sen. Gaylord Nelson's porposed constitutional amendment guaranteeing every citizen a clean environment); third, eliminating jobs that create pollution by-products, and fourth, an immediate freeze on all new goods until they can be produced without pollution." "numerous" alternatives. Under Conner's plans, general education requirements would be included in all bachelor degrees received from UP. The requirements could be taken throughout the four years of undergraduate studies. The curriculum committee will hear Doty's proposals on April 8. Doty is for keeping the UC, adding the UC would require students to fulfil the seven basic comprehensive progr as opposed to the alternative. The proposal allows a student to fulfill the general requirements throughout four years of college. Solares has suggested the general education requirements be spread over four years, with a baccalaureate degree offered in liberal and general education. Solares' proposal contains many points which are similarto Connor's. Great Young Britain! For the price of a stamp, we'll clue you in on the British scene. Naming names of the spots only we local folk are "in" on. We'll tell you about our native haunts. The pubs. Coffeehouses. Discotheques. Boutiques. And the like. We'll tell you where you can beddown for $2 a night, breakfast included. And chow-down for $1. We'll tell you about the "doings" in the theatre. So you can see Broadway hits long.before they break on, Broadway. (Tickets: 904.) We'll tell you about a crazy little $30 ticket that'll buy you 1,100 miles of rail and boat travel. And fill you in on all kinds of tours planned especially for the college crowd. We'll even show you how to make it through Shakespeare country. Even if you couldn't make it through Shakespeare in class. We've got hundreds of ideas. All wrapped up in our free book: Great Young Britain. 20 pages big. With over 50 color photos. It's yours for the'asking. Mail the coupon. And see your travel agent. r--------------------------i British Tourist Authority Box 4100, NewYork, N.Y.10017 Send me your free book: Great Young Britain. I Name I College Addres City State z 5 UF Student Ecologist To Appear Before House Sub-Committee On Conservation *1 

PAGE 4

P q 4, The Floria Nigsor, Thursday, April 2, 1970 CASUALTIES UNKNOWN~ NVA Atacks Cambodian Army PHNOM PENH (UPI) -North Vietnamese troops took part for the first time in an attack on Cambodian forces five miles inside Cambodian territory, the government reported Wednesday. The first report of North Vietnamese action since the overthrow of Prince Norodom Sihanouk March 18 prompted government communiques telling both Communist and Allied forces to stay out of Cambodia. THE BROADCAST on Phnom Penh radio said the Cambodian forces suffered casualties in the battle Tuesday near the border town of Shoul, 100 miles northeast of here. The number killed or wounded was not revealed. In separate communiques, the government denounced the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese for entering its territory and condemned the South Vietnamese "hot pursuit" policy of crossing the border to pursue Communist forces. The Cambodians said they objected to "all violations of its territory by all foreign forces, regardless of the camp to which they belong." THE GOVERNMENT said the "hot pursuit" policy used by Saigon to chase Communist troops across the Cambodian border was a violation of neutrality. "F aithful to its policy of strict neutrality, Cambodia cannot permit this 'right of hot pursuit' on its territory without repudiating this policy of neutrality and thus favoring the violation of its frontiers," the communique said. The government which took power last month previously has accused the Viet Cong of sending troops on aggressive missions in Cambodia, but Wednesday's broadcast was the first such accusation against the North Vietnamese. IT SAID THE Cambodian military had bee me dev T rep cen fort 20,( vol IH arm add of of a Troops n ordered to take all necessary asures to cope with "this grave elopment." thousands of young Cambodians were orted to be flocking to the enlistment ter in Phnom Penh to join the armed ces. A high government official said about 000 men throughout the country had unteered to join the military services. le said under present conditions the y could only equip about 10,000 itional troops beyond the regular force 35,000 and the mobilized reserve force bout 10,000. Paris Asks Parties To Negotiate Crisis PARIS (UPI) -The French government warned Wednesday recent developments in Laos and Cambodia have spread the Vietnam conflict to the whole of Indochina and called for negotiations by "all interested parties" to make the area a neutral zone. A government statement issued after a 5% hour cabinet meeting chaired by President Georges Pompidou said: "THE FRENCH government notes that the recent developments in Laos and Cambodia have considerably aggravated the situation in Indochina and have contributed to the spreading of the Vietnam War to the whole of the Indochinese peninsula." Noting that all hope was not lost that Cambodia could retain and Laos regain its neutral status, the statement also said there still was hope the Vietnam War could be settled by a negotated settlement "guaranteeing the existence of a truly independent and neutral South Vietnam." THE STATEMENT continued: "The French government is certain that an extension of the war which is becoming indivisible can only be avoided by negotiations between all the interested parties with the aim of finding and guaranteeing the basis of an indivisible peace. "Only such negotiations will allow the reaching of a general agreement for the establishment of a neutral and peaceful zone in Indochina." ColgeLessons $7.50 for 6 lessons Tuesday Evenings Mrs. Nancy Ho -instructor Sign up by April 7 inroom 340 JWRUnion -4 -ina .11 GflA3 A BONANZABUflGEfl Or you may went a juicy, tender Bomnausek Served with a steaming-hot, buttery baked potato, Texas toast and a cool, crisp, green salad. i #1 Sirloin Strip. Strip Steak. 81 oz. bonei less or 11 oz. bone-in1. .1 9 9 1#2Rib Eye. Rib-eye. 6 oz. 1.59 #3Top Hand. T-Bone Steak. 15 oz. 2.99 or #4 Bunkhouse Special. Chopped Steak. .8 oz. French fries, toast, cole slaw. 1.29 #5 donanzbw Deluxe. seef ptty. 4 oz., french fries, cole slaw, lettuce, onion, pickle,'Chicklets'. .9. .. or Golden Nugget Fried Chicken. 3 pieces, french fries, toast, cole slaw. 1.59 #7 Shrimp Platter. 5 shrimp, french fries. 1' toast, cole slaw, lettuce.1.5 9 8 filets, 3 scallops, 2 shrimp, french fries, toast, cole slaw. lettuce .1.591 #9 U'l Wrangler. 3 Drummettes or beef pstty, french" f ris, toast, Je*lo .89 Tell George how you liked i. BONANZA NO. 1053 2445 SW 13th St. OPEN 11:00A.M. 'TIL 9:00P.M. the Center of Man invites you to a Person to Person happening with Allan Dahms "Emotional Intimacy: Chicken Little's Vision." Bob Zuber -guitarist at 8:00pm Thursday April 2 Presbyterian University Center 1402 West University Ave ( = -----no ,Y COMETH ""*"a*x / d f FreeBeverage Refills 7 DAYS A WEEK 

PAGE 5

Thursday. April 2,1970, The lisk A IAEN Ppge5 REJECTS SOUTHERN BID Senate Passes School Aid Bil WASHINGTON (UPI) -The Senate rejected a renewed Southern challenge of federal school desegregation policy Wednesday and passed a record $24.6 billion school aid bill. Despite appeals by Sens. Abraham Rbicoff, D-Conn., and John Stennis, D-Miss., the Senate defeated, 43-32, a motion to return the measure to a House-Senate conference committee. A few minutes later the Senate approved the bill, 74-4. The conference committee watered down Stennis' school amendment, which the Senate adopted 56 to 36 Feb. 18. Ribicoff, whose denunciation of "monumental hypocrisy" in the North sparked approval of the original amendment, criticized the revised version as "another step toward the division of our society into two camps, one white and one black." But Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.I., manager of the bill, said Senate conferees "did our best" in negotiations with members of the House, which passed a similar school aid bill without desegregation amendments. "If we went back to conference now I don't think we could do any better," Pell said. In its original form, Stennis' amendment would have dictated equal enforcement of desegregation guidelines North and South, with schools segregated as a result of residential patterns (de facto) treated the same as those segregated by design (de jure). The conference committee added provisions requirng separate federal policies for de jure and de facto segregation -a I Two Declare For Carswell WASHINGTON (UPI) -President Nixon Wednesday attacke senators opposed to Supreme Court nominee G. Harrold Carswell as men who would deny him the right of decision "freely accorded to my predecessors of both parties." In a letter to freshman Sen. William B. Saxbe, R-Ohio, Nixon said "the traditional constitutional balance" between Congress and the President "is in jeopardy" in the increasingly bitter struggle over the nomination. CITING NIXON'S letter, Saxbe threw his support behind the nomination and another Republican freshman, Sen. Marlow W. Cook of Kentucky, said he would vote against Monday's move to resubmit the nomination to the Senate Judiciary Committee for probable burial there. But the Senate's anti-Carswell forces were heartened by the decision of Sen. William B. Spong, Jr., D-Va., to vote to recommit the nomination. SPONG AND Cook both said they would keep an open mind on the nomination itself should the move to recommit it fal. That motion will be voted on Monday. If it fails, the Senate will vote Wednesday whether to "advise and consent" to the nomination. In his "Dear Bill" letter to Saxbe, Nixon said Carswell "has my total support" and dismissed as "specious" the charges against him. "WHAT IS centrally at issue in this nomination is the constitutional responsibility of the President to appoint members of the court -and whether this responsibility can be frustrated by those who wish to substitute their own philosophy or their own subjective judgment for that of the one person entrusted by the Constitution with the power of appointment. "The question arises whether I, as President of the United States, shall be accorded the same right of choice in naming Supreme Court justices which has been freely accorded to my predecessors of both parties. .If the Senate attempts to substitute its judgment as to who should be appointed, the traditional constitutional balance is in jeopardy and the duty of the President under the Constitution impaired." Tallahassee Joins Forces Against Liberal Opposition TALLAHASSEE (UPI) -Lt. represented on the highest court Gov. Ray Osborne announced of the land," Osborne told a the formation Tuesday of a news conference. "bipartisan committee for fair The U. S. Senate is scheduled play" to take the offensive to vote Monday on a motion to against "pseudo liberals" who retum the Carswell nomination oppose Judge G. Harrold to the Judiciary Committee. Carswell's confirmation to the "Judge Carswell has spent his Supreme Court. life upholding our constitution. Osborne, a Republican He is a Southerner," Osbome candidate for the U. S. Senate, said. "It is for these two reasons said he and Sen. Mallory Horne, alone that a far-out liberal group a Tallahassee democrat, would is bent on character assassination be co-chairmen of the to stop at any cost his committee, composed primarily nomination to the Supreme of wealthy Tallahassee residents. Court." 'Our group will take whatever action we deem appropriate to JITS A DEAL. focus attention on the real issue of Judge Carswell's nomination -the right of the silent majority to have their views I t s Only Sorry no take-out services ilstein V Daily Ch 00 En PLEASURE Entrees Choice of Potate Choice of Speci Hot Re reversal of Stennis' intention and a restatement of policies presently pursued by the Department of Health, Education and Welfare (HEW). The measure goes next to the House. It would broaden and extend the program of federal aid to grade schools and high schools for three years. INVENT A SLOGAN o WIN A PRIZE "Whatever Your Cause, It's a Lost Cause Unless We Control Population" efferedforthe*bt soantrndin men.tal Tach-InonEarth Day, April 22. $500 PRIZE to by w-d theb st tsoa215 -paedby st".n onany-f te 21 Rules: Simnply devise a brief state-hking popul2t eh -to the peae.Sen I onatbefr*Alit. 22o o appointed by the ad manager. All decibe eliible for big national prize, to be judged by Paul CEhrlich.Dvid Browe. and Hu~tgh Mooe. Wrie ou sa -n today. One entry oe' studentt. Forfreeolteratureoan population-explosion. apbto Hugh Moore Fund 60 E. 42nd St., Now York 10017. WE'RE NUMBER ONE! IN SCHOL.A RSHIP Appt Not Always Necessary The 'N' CUT (Napoleonic) from Paris! Taking Europe by storm! Requires a specialty cut and permanent wove. After that, just look smashing and forget about special care. It's the greatest! Special Napoleonic Style Cut and Permanent, $1400 13.50 Budget Wave, Mon. Tues. Wed.10.50 HOW ABOUT THE NAPOLEONIC STYLE FOR YOUR WIG? YOU'LL LOVE IT. SEE ALL OUR NEW WIG AND HAIRPIECE ARRIVALS! B1AUTY,WIG SALONS Tel. 372-8511 [ PHI KAPPA PSI, NUMBER ONE IN SCHOLARSHIP, offers you an opportunity to be involved in a unique experience, academics combined with a well-rounded social life. The Brotherhood of Phi Kappa Psi, chartered in 1967, cordially invites you to visit our fraternity during Open House on Wednesday and Thursday 7:30 to 10:30 PM, or at our Smoker at the Union 7:00 to 9:00 PM. Phi Kappa Psi 1125 SW 4th Ave. 372-7817. I Iced Tea or Co .SEL CAFETEMtA -D 0 Truck drivers joined air controllers Wednesday in scattered cross-country walkouts. In other labor disputes, the nation's nailmen and New York City's newspaper workers were still talking, and New York tugboat crews ended a two-month-old strike. CASABLANCA, Morocco (UPI) -A Royal Moroccan Airlines Caravelle jet crashed on a highway south of here Wednesday, narrowly missing a small village before it broke up and burst into flame. Officials said 61 of the 82 persons aboard died. Airline officials said 570t persons were killed in the crash and four others died later-in a hospital from injuries. I 

PAGE 6

Pp 6. The Florida Amlgmpr, Thuruday, April 2,1970 By UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL FBI agents and police sought to determine whether the "bomb factory" turned up by pest exterminators in a North Side, Chicago apartment had any links with similar "factories" found inNew York. Investigators said the third-floor apartment was filled with enough explosives to blow up a city block. Police held Gary Witzel, 22, 50-unit apartment building and much of the block in a neighborhood of medium and modest priced apartments. Investigators said the factory might be linked to bomb factories discovered in New York. Two of the New York factories have blown up, killing five persons, and one was linked to members of the violent Weatherman faction of Students BOTH BROWN and the Justice Department investigators said Miss Dohrn had been identified from photographs as a woman who showed up often at the apartment as recently as two weeks ago and perhaps later. The Justice Department sources discounted a report that Kathy Boudin, wanted for questioning about the explosion of a "bomb factory" in New York's Greenwich Village which ANOTHER ARSENAL DISCOVERED FBI Seeks Link Between New York Chicago Arms on charges of possession of for a Democratic Society (SDS). killed three persons, had also explosives and unlawful use of BERNADINE Dohm,a fugitive been a visitor to the Chicago weapons and searched for a leader of the revolutionary SDS apartment. young woman who they said wing "Weathermen," was a Miss Boudin, 26, has not been frequented the apartment with frequent visitor to the Chicago reported seen since the him. apartment, investigators said explosion March 6 and is EXPERTS WORKED for Wednesday. believed to be in Canada, the several hours dismantling bombs Chicago detective Herbert sources said. found in the factory. Brown said tenants had HOWEVER, POLICE ad Investigators said they found 50 identified Miss Dohrn, 28, as the th e RiLiCEisagd sticks of dynamite, blastingcaps, "Judy White" who rented the they did find i the Chicago explosive liquids, plastic apartment at 5433 Kenmore apartment a book with the name explosives and hydrochloric and Ave. on Chicago's North Side. of Nicholas Freudenberg i it. sulphuric acid. However, Justice Department Freudenberg is another If the explosives had sources in Washington said Weatherman activist who is also -detonated, police said, they "Judy White" was a woman being sought in connection with would have destroyed the identified as Diane Donghi. the Greenwich Village blast. Two pest exterminators Monday night came upon the cache of explosives and weapons in the Chicago apartments. Police and FBI raiders aid they found 59 sticks of dynamite, fuses, blasting caps, plastic envelopes, acid, an Ml rifle, a .22 caliber rifle, two 12-gauge shotguns, and literature on the preparation of explosives. IF DETONATED, authorities said, the explosives would have leveled the 50-unit apartment building and could have destroyed the residential block. Bernadine Dohrn holds the title of secretary-treasurer of the militant Students for a Democratic Society and is a leader of the SDS' most radical wing, the Weathermen. A warrant for her arrest was issued March 16 when she failed to appear in court to answer charges of leading an attack on three Chicago policemen during the Weathermen's "days of wrath" violence here last October. In New York police have identified Ismael L. Brown, a City College senior who died in an East Village tenement last Saturday, as the man who planted an explosive device in the Electric Circus discotheque March 22, it was announced Tuesday. Policesaid the identification was made from photographs by an employee of the Circus, which also is located in the East Village. DETECTIVES SAID they believed Brown set the bomb, which injured 17 persons, because the owners of the discotheque had refused to give full proceeds from the night of March 22 for bail for the 13 black Panthers awaiting trial in Manhattan on 1969 bomb conspiracy charges. However, Stan Freeman, president of the Electric Circus, said he did not think the bomb was planted under Panther orders because Brown was not a member of the militant organization. Freeman said the Circus had conducted a benefit for the Black Panther defendants and the Chicago Seven defendants a week prior to the bombing and both groups had expressed satisfaction with the funds they had received. Brown and his roommate, Godwin A. Bernard, were in the process of assembling a pipe bomb similar to the one that exploded in the Circus when it exploded in their apartment, police said. Bernard survived but is in critical condition at Bellevue Hospital. WHAT DO: Grand Funk Railroad The Canadian Embassy Steppenwolf The United States Army The Poetry of James Wright Krisha Psychedelic Company Carlos Montoya H AVE IN COMMON? BEGINS APRIL 3 Ms Olerin Dtm ~p~m~baust ovunmsn Pmugg 

PAGE 7

UNIVERSITY SENATE'S PLAN Thursday, Apnl'2, 190,Tan UP Evaluation Brings Criticism MILK THING Linda' Burr (left) and Verna McKinney, are the top students being saluted in local radio and TV by the Northeast Florida milk producers mociation in their "Milk Think" commercials. O'Connell On TV Program To Talk On Budget Needs UF President Stephen C. O'Connell will provide an analysis of institutional budget needs and discuss legislation being sought by state universities tonight during a special 8 p.m. program on WUFT-TV. The 1970 legislative session begins next Tuesday at Tallahassee with the university seeking to restore more than $18 million in budget reductions made by Florida Gov. Claude R. Kirk Jr. WUFT-TV Program Director Mark Damen will question President O'Connell on specific budgetary effects created by the governor's recommendations. Govennental reorganization as it affects personnel management within the State University System also will be a part of the 30-minute telecast. The university's proposed 1970-71 budget reflected a request of $112,657,765. Gov. Kirk sliced that amount to $94,595,515 -a reduction of $18,062,250. By GINA SCHRAMM Alligetor WrIter Initial reaction to the University Senate's adoption of the teacher evaluation resolution by Omicron Delta Kappa and Florida Blue Key was that it wasn't damaging. However, Ralph Glatfelter, 7AS, president of ODK, feels unhappy about it because it had not provided for making the results public. "TEACHER evaluation without the results being made public just does not meet the needs of the students," Drug Talk Tonight's Dialogue will feature as its guest speaker, D;. Kenneth Finger, dean of the College of Pharmacy. Dialogue, presented every Tuesday and Thursday over WRUF, will feature a discussion on drug abuse, and why certain drugs cost more under a different name. The program is produced by Florida Blue Key and is aired at 11:05 p.m. Telephone response is taken over 392-0772 and 392-0773. THE GOLD COAST BOOMS AGAIN! Better Services for U of F College Inn Restaurant umder new management Gator Shop MesSportswear Ma/ones Bookstore Books and Supplies The Copy Center scent Xerox Copies 4 cents ya'Il Come Thank you 1700 BLOCK W. UNIV. -I,. Glatfelter said. FBK President Don Middlebrooks said his organization agreed with ODK on the results being made public, and "we feel that more attention should be given to evaluation, especially in areas of promotion." "ODK will have to accept the resolution," Glatfelter said, "even if it does not go far enough. We have every intention of making teacher evaluation mandatory and every teacher's results made public." GLATFELTER also said ODK will go before the Board of Regents and the administration again to get this mandatory evaluation passed. "We have one of the best evaluating systems .in the country -it is not biased, and is fair. We have teachers at UF who cannot teach and ODK intends to do all it can to see that these teachers improve or do not get tenure," Glatfelter said. Vice President Frederick W. Connor, Office of Academic Affairs, coordinator of the evaluation program, said, "ODK's system is very good; however, each college was asked to work out the best system to serve its needs. "There will be teacher evaluation and it will be used," Connor said. We/come Back A TO's Best of Luck This Quarter Love, Little Sisters Florida Experimental College. Registration Week: March 31-April 4 in the Plaza of the Americas 1100100 or call: 376-7539 (9-4PM) 376-8044 (4-midnight) THERE WASATIME WHEN, TO STANDOUT INACROM YOU HADTO WEAR SOMETHING WRONG. You went to a party. And the guys all wore pretty much the same traditional blazers and patterned sportcoats. And whenever someone tried to break the boredom by wearing something different, everybody applauded his courage. But criticized his taste. Because he waswearing something wrong. And they were right. Everything new was either a costume for the kids or the fops. Then the liberation. People like us started making shaped clothing. Soft shoulder shape. With Andwith expensive tailoring. So long as it's tasteful, wide lapels, high vents and And now t's become of course. deep pocket &ps acceptable to wear anything Tastefufly.ingood fabrics. youdamn please. DOUBLE CHESTED BLAZER AS ILLUSTRATED.65.00 SLACKS.NATURAL WITH COORDINATING STRIPES .18,0 NEW ARRIVAL: SHAPED SUITS WITH FOUR BUTTON FRONT, FRONTIER STYLE POCKETS ON FLRR PANS,.85.QtJ Park Fre ou225W W.Univ. Ave. on 1st Fad. Lot fW 1J U 'F"-I~ 'til 9:00 PM ~1 "Mao GO00 WftH ANY OTHECOSIOEK LARGE MZZA OMY 1723 SW. 13th 219 .W. 13th Sale Good April 2-15 'pith coupon 4 

PAGE 8

Pog ., The Florida ANIS~IW, Thursday, April 2,1970 The Florida Robert Fraser A alligator Editor-in-Chief The price of freedom Earl Hartman John Sugg is the exercise of responsibility. News Editors "You think the pressure is getting to old Smitty?" Submarine Deterrent WASHINGTON -It is the custom of the armed services to bow politely to each other's weapons' systems -in public at least -which is why Adm. Hyman Rickover, who directs our nuclear underseas fleet, makes periodic statements on behalf of the ABM. But if Congress were to call Adm. Rickover and ask him to testify under oath, it might be possible to save the more than $12 billion Richard Nixon is about to venture on the second stage of the antiballistic missile system. Rickover would certainly have to say that his own Polaris fleet could overwhelm an ABM system; and if Polaris can do it, the Russians can do it, too. That is why the $12 billion we are about to spend on ABM is a tragic waste of money. If the SS-9 has the accuracy that the Pentagon says it does,two SS-9s equipped with MIRV would have a 99 per cent chance of destroying the ABM's missile site radar. Mr. Nixon's Safeguard will have 12 of these radar installations. Simple arithmetic leads to a cost exchange ratio of $1 billion worth of SS-9s to render a $12 billion ABM system blind, and therefore useless. The Senate will probably take a hard look at the Nixon proposal, first because it is a lot of money in an election year and second.because so much expert opinion asserts that it will not work. But a third argument is beginning to surface among those who study life and death matters. It is that the Safeguard ABM system is designed to protect a land-based ICBM which is on its way out and will be useless as a second-strike weapon by 1980. Thus the case for enlarging our submarine capacity emerges as both an anti ABM argument and as a positive alternative. Three arguments are presented on behalf of the submarine. First, it is undetectable except by chance. Naval experts have searched in vain for any developments which seem likely to make it less so in the future. Second, it is reliable, far more so than the Minuteman missiles which now stuff our land-based silos. The first Polaris submarine put to sea in 1961. For three years thereafter, when unreliability was to be expected, no submarine was late in deployment, no patrol was aborted, no submarine returned early Frank Mankiewiczfrom patrol, no communication message was most of the missiles each ship carried were re firing 99 per cent of the time and, as of 1968 of 61 test firings of the current version missile were successful. Compare that, if you will, with the record land-based Minuteman. The Air Force sa firings have been 70 per cent effecti Minuteman I and 89 per cent effecti Minuteman II, but the observable record is % has a distressing tendency not to go off moment when distinguished visitors (Sen. Young of North Dakota, for example) are s by to ooh and aah. Finally, the future of the submarine di seems promising. The Navy is now in the pr stage of an underwater long-range missile sy be known inevitably as ULMS which will ext range of a submarine-launched missle fri present 2,800 miles to at least 5,000. It will require a larger submarine, and carry at least 24 instead of 16 missiles. It wo deeper and would probably be somewhat But it would give the United States a real de to replace the obsolescent land-based system we propose to defend with another syste many experts think will not work at all. It may be added, even if impudently, would also give us a system which would not Mr. Nixon and Defense Secretary Melvin L changetheir minds regularly as to whe defends against Russia or China. EDITORIAL The Federalist Era Revisited? The Federalist Era in America was marked by a belief that the landed gentry should rule. The theory held that those with the most to lose should be in control of America's destiny. The little man was ignored. He, without education or money, was powerless to improve his lot. The growth of education and increased voting rights rescued him from the bottom of the political order. Unfortunately, this era may be returning to the UF in the form of a $5 hike in tuition; pardon us, the student activity fee. Perhaps we have a warped sense of priorities and perhaps we have a narrow understanding of education, but we feel the classroom is still the reason we attend school. Any tuition increases should go to education, not activities. At this time particularly, when Florida is ably led by Gov. Claude Kirk in a war of attrition against higher education, the UF needs staples, not caviar. To paraphrase William Jennings Bryan, Governor Kirk seems intent on crucifying Florida education on a cross of pennies. The demands being considered for the student body are Ion similar to dressing a scrawny Christmas tree with 14 carat tinsel. The UF may need capital improvements in other areas more. Faculty and staff salaries are not the best either. One graduate student who left to teach in Georgia claimed that Teaching in Florida would cost him $1,000 a year. Fortunately, more of our professors do not use that rationale. In light of these facts, we are opposed to the increase in missed, the student activity fee. If the money were going toward the ady for improvement of the UF educational facilities, the story 59 out might be different. But under these circumstances we of the cannot condone another burden upon the student of marginal means. d of the ys test Twenty dollars, four quarters' activity fees, may not seem ve for like much until you need it and don't have it. ve for orse. It And besides, twentieth century federalism has little at the appeal to us. Milton tanding eterrant edesign stem to end the om the would uld run slower. deterrent which m that that it require aird to other it Alligator Staff Assignment Editor Sports Editor Fred Vollrath Wire Editor Dainn Vkit Entetanment Editor Jeff Brain Editorial Assistant Published by students of the University of Florida under the auspices of the Board of Student Publications. Editorial, Business, Advertising offices in Student Publications Suite, third floor, Reitz Union. Editorial: phone 392-1686, 87, 88, or 89. 'Business, Advertising: phone 392-1681, 82, 83, or 84. Circulation: 392-1619. Opinions expressed in the Florida Alligator are those ofr the editors or of the writer of the article and not those pf the University of Florida. .P.M.- 

PAGE 9

-Staff Writings Thursday, April 2,1970, The Flor AiNgASor, Pop9 a" Consider The Offenses A test. How do you lower the crime rate? A. You make more things legal. This simple approach to the problem soaring national crime rate should be considered by those who call for a war on crime. It is open to the charge that it is a too simple solution to a complex problem but, I never thought a complex solution should be sought for its own sake. Consider the offenses that are "crimes" in the legal sense of the word that never really hurt anyone. The "crimes without victims:", the so-called vices; gambling, prostitution, most sex offenses, etc. This conduct which is considered by segments of the population evil is being forced on those -who choose of their own free will to engage in it. The irony is that few are hurt in these activities, if indeed anyone is hurt, except those freely engaging in it. The outlawing of these practices doesn't stop them. It brings the free enterprise principle into play. Where there is a market and a strong demand for a particular product someone will provide it. In this case organized crime While it is becoming increasingly unsafe to walk the By streets of our cities, while four out of five serious crimes go unsolved, while the incidences of violent crime skyrocket, the p olice are wasting valuable manpower and time raiding houses of prostitution, breaking into gambling establishments, and staking out restrooms. These crimes could be eliminated by repealing the laws that pertain to them. They can be placed in the category of picking your nose and eating eggs with your fingers repulsive but not illegal. New laws are probably not needed to deal with the crime problem. A libertarian approach of repealing laws rather than passing them is better. Research into the laws making certain types of conduct a crime would probably turn up dozens which could be repealed. The prestige of police officers is going down partly because they are compelled to enforce laws a larger and larger segment of the population regards as stupid and repressive. Repealing laws instead of passing them has a multitude of advantages. The prestige of police will raise as they are enforcing those laws which really important, crimes of violence and Fred Vollrath independent redistribution of man hours to work on those the wealth (theft). crimes, the courts case load will The police will have more be reduced and hence a speedier trial, and individual freedom will be increased and the power of the government reduced. Satire Old MacDonyad Vs. DSU By Reg Crowder The ducks have "declared war on the racist UF," according to a statement by Duck Student Union chairman Ritz Quacker. The challenge came in the wake of charges that the DSU Information Minister was consumed at a duck dinner in the J. Wayne Reitz Union's plush Arredondo Room. "This -is just another attempt by old MacDonald to get the bad ducks out of the university system," said Quacker. The DSU chairman was referring to UF President Stephen C. MacDonald, whose policies while manager of his well known farm have come under fire of late. "Old MacDonald had a farm," shouted Quacker as assembled DSU followers chanted the DSU solidarity song, "Eeie. Eeie. Oh." And on that farm he had some ducks," said Quacker. Amongst .a "quack, quack here and a quack there," were legitimate calls for improvement treatment for ducks, charged Quacker. He dimed many ducks for freedom ended as plows. Meanwhile, there were reports that a duck bit a student who threw a Batman T-shirt in the Reitz Union duck pond. Ducks have, in the past, complained that battered beannies, draft cards and discarded Rockfeller buttons thrown into the water made swimming dangerous. "We are the most oppressed minority on the American continent," said Quacker. "The ducks on this campus have no voice in the administration, no voice in student government, and have been segregated to the Reitz Union duck pond," said Quacker. "When is the last time you read about a great duck in out nation's history," queried Quacker? Farley Shepherd, student government president recently re-nominated by the Sheep and Goats party said, "Some ducks just don't know their place." Shepherd said if the ducks aren't happy with their pond, "we ought to ship 'em all back to the swamps." MacDonald's legal aid Chicken Little would not indicate what action the university might take, but noted, "Birds of a feather flock together," and "A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush." Hearing this Shepherd said, "I didn't realize we had a bush left on campus," and launched an investigation to find that bush and a way to erect a building in its place. The Communistic State OPEN FORUM: ere 's o hope for the corn lacen MR. EDITOR: The U.S. has an interesting arrangement with the communist world. Somehow this country manages to allow pro-red-groups to operate in the U.S. while the red government does not even allow the existence of an oppostition group anywhere. If that reasoning seems illogical, consider the position of all the red universities in the world that do not allow any kind of group except those that are party oriented; because supposedly they do not represent the will of the people. The reds are smart. Why allow a group that is openly opposed to the regime operate anywhere. The communists know that the final goal of these groups is to dedicate themselves to revolution. Therefore, the communist leader maintained that groups with such liberal ideas and imperialistic philosophies could not be tolerated in the communistic state. The last statement is the key one: "In the communistic state." Obviously the communists concern is with the people. The fact that they will not like proimperialistic groups is the crux of the communist leaders reasoning. If these pro-western groups are allowed recognition in communistic campuses, the people may W -get very upset, stop paying taxes, and retire to Siberia. The denial of recognition reaches all of us. No campus group on any campus is beyond such decisions. No matter how well established, or how well respected it be. Definitely the world is naive in matters of education. Education is supposed to expose all students to all ideas, from which the students could choose and pick for themselves, and use those ideas as they see fit. The communist world's denial of recognition of groups that oppose the red doctrine on campuses carries an insult to the red students. Since a minority of the imperialistic group on red campuses could not hope to overthrow the government of the people it must hope to do so with ideas of free elections, freedom of expression and association and all the other imperialistic freedoms of a true democracy. The inability of the communist students to see through the loopholes of the imperialistic ideologies is a serious indictment of the conmunist educational system. Therefore, the communist leaders should reconsider their denial of recognition., Granted, such an action would require a great communist courage. Granted, two wrongs do not make one right, but neither a one wrong make one right. POWER TO THE PEOPLE. Pay Trib MR. EDITOR: I sent a letter to the written the night after had defeated the Gatot scoring a record of 52 points. I remind you that the letter was written 3 weeks before Winter Frolics. Finally you printed my letter over a month later, making it appear to say that I would have preferred Pete Maravich to Winter Frolics. Let it be known that I was only attempting to pay tribute to a great basketball player, not making any reference to IFC frolics. RODNEY MARGOL, 2UC Reflections Reflections upon leaving the UF leave me with mixed emotions. Iam pleased that there is a more general awareness with will known problems that abound in all areas of our existence. But, there have never been problems as overwhelming as there exist today and it is not noble but normal to be concerned with them.' That leads to the displeasing side of the general movement of awareness that exists today. It resembles throwing a match in a pool of gas, a big flame at first, then burning out. The flamers are all around. They are the super straights from a year ago who are now "heavy" and "into it." the small society It will be interesting to see the Andy Kramers ten years from now, settled comft table in their middle class positions, with their fundamental principles concerning everything having changed as completely and easily as they have done with the advent of the current fads. We can only hope that when the peace and awareness fad is over, some residue will remain that will justify it as having been worthwhile. TOM ASKEY, 4AS Rotary Thanks To All The Students At The University of Florida: We would like to express our deep appreciation for the tremendous warmth and sincerity shown the Rotary Connection by the student body. The campus is really out-of-sight, and things are getting together in Gainesville more so than anyplace else we have been in the country. We feel that Gainesville will always be a second home for the Rotary Connection. ROTARY CONNECTION by Brickman JAY SOTO, 7AS HOT A&! A6W 6AV SE IT T TO GA0S rTN ute ~ ~ ~ 5T TtPaNT A6AI N!MrcILo uted to e a ____To fN S6A LAW Alligator on Feb. >TrESA LThe earash -ny r with Maravich ~ 4-2 0$~a9AvJ LETTERS POLICY In order to appear in the Alligator, letters must be typed signed and double-spaced and should not exceed 300 words in length. A writer's name may be withheld from publication only if he shows just cause. No letters signed with a pseudonym will be accepted for publication. T w qor seeee Wthe right to edit ail suerS f eaace. 1 1 --I 

PAGE 10

tpM 10. The FloriaM. Aigptor, Thuuey, April 2, 1970 -O LOWE REG LAR RIE 1 ADl EELB 8 .f PRICES GOOD WED. NOON THRU WED. Fr 1evker# pecSis DIXIE DARLING BROWN & SERVE SEEDED OP REG. DINNER Rolls ..2 P39 DIXIE DARLINGGEM SUGAR OR COCONUT Donuts .=P39C TIDE OR BOLD bETERGENI .99 LLNSIZE KLEENEX FACIAL TISSUE 4 200-CT. BOXES $ dii with Beams41$100QUART A06W WHITEOCMASTOHED JAR Paper Towels.4 1 $100 Tomo Catsup.3 .OTLES*1 DIXIE DARLING BUTTERMILK LOAVES ASTOR ALL GRINDS CO)FFEI Li .i.ofyou hew.i.$ ..purchase excluding cige s MAXWELL HOUSE ALL GRINDS COFFEE. .59c WHITE Arrow Bleach.GALLON 29c THRIFTY MAID Cut Green Beans6. 6 NS THRIFTY MAID CREAM STYLE OR WHOLE KERNEL Gold" Con. .e. ..96 "$31" THRIFTY MAID SMALL WHOLE OR SLICED White Potatoes ..6 N303$1 THRIFTY MAID VEGETABLE 0R Tmato Soup E ANS A FLAVO .ur.nBo1*1s C k Drinks .5.B.75ES85 49t CAN MONOGRAMLONGGRAIN Fancy Rice. 3 o 39c DEEP SOUTH Peanut Butter. A79c DEEP SOUTH Grape Jelly. -29c CHARCOAL Briquettes.20 As 89c BLUE ARROW OHt5 LBS. COLD WATER Detergent.00. 89I Fruit Cocktail .S "S 1"0 THRIFTY. eHD Bartlett Pears ..4 Nom"3$10 SHORTENING-L LB. CAN GOLDEN YELLOW Bananas LB. PVRotLatos 0 9 SWEEJUICT ottoes 10BAG69cOranges.5 A.,49c CELLOBSAO PEA.GROWNFRESH MPE Carrots. 2 A 19c St' berries .3 NTS $10 3421 WEST UNIVERSITY AVE. OPEN ON SUNDAY HIWAY 441, HIGH SPRINGS YOUNG ENDIR Pole Beans. 23c rANCE F HGO WX N DEUCIO 130 N.W. 6TH ST. 1401 N. MAIN ST. SA I 

PAGE 11

PRICES GOOD WED. NOON THRU WED. NOON, APRIL 1APRIL 8 W-D BRAND U.S. CHOICE BONELESS BOTTOM W Round Roast Baked He. .9' k. ...0. 12W 49' 14 PORK MA"FAsy Lma Pork RoAt.EAE 69 Perk Steak.9* .79c Suppers .2 -&99c EXTRA LEAN BEEF Short Ribs LB.69 U.S.D.A. CHOICE W-D BRAND BEEF BONELESS EYE OF Round Roost .9.B. $1"9 U.S.D.A. CHOICE W-DBRAND BEEF SIRLOINTIP OR TOPBONELESS Round Roast ..S. B$129 U.S.D.A. CHOICE W-D BRAND BEEF FULL CUTBONELESS Round Steak,. .$1" Top Round Steak $129 U.S CHOICEE WESANDSEEF PORTERHOUSE OR T-Bone Steak $139~ W-D BRAND PURE(3L. $1.79)(5 La. $2.9) Ground Beef .10 LBS. $59 W-D BRAND SEMI-BONELESS RIB 09, "E-Z CARVE" jB LB. SWIFT PREMIUM SAVE 70c Canned Hams .4 A $399 PORK SHOULDER Fresh Picnics. .L. 49c U.S.D.A. CHOICE W-DBRANDBEEF (Sonelos.Chuck .RoovLb.9c) or.n-in Chuck Roast ..69C U.S.E.A. CHOICE W-D BRAND BEEF Shoulder Roast L.99C SUSERS PRESTIGE BAND HICKORY SMOKED Sliced Bacon. PKG.-59c USDA CHOICE W-D BRANDBEEF BONELESS Rump Roast.LB. $129 W-D BRAND U. S. CHOICE N.Y. STRIP STEAK SAVE "I i50C LB.O 39 OCOMA ASSORTED BORDENS SLCED SINGLY WRAPPED AMERICAN Cheese Food PKG Pi C se P. 69 Biscuits ..2 CANS19 W-D RAND LONGHORN 89 c Cheese .0 .0 8 Stick doese K 55 FRESH FROZENN RjD 'GROUPER LA W Meat BIRDSEYE COOL WHIP FOR AAT SCoe rn .59c iches ..7 UARTS oke Roll. 59c Co n-C. .ob. PKG. FRENCH .H.G. Fry Pottoes .2 .A 49c rage Nip .34 s i Steak*. 9C 9c 19C DIXIANA TASYW&'SEA Green Peas.Pl 59 Perch Dinners .PEG. 59 MRS. FILBERTS (QRS.) PAN NDI Mqrgarie.2 .P 66 V readied Oysters. PKG. 79C BUY 4 Cons ..GET 4 Cans FREE .DEANAMIXD SUweiian TC S 4 1" VgetablesA.GL SEIWANTRICH'S Cooked Sh'imp. P Coffee Rich.-S9C U. S. N. I GA. RE SWEET FRESH CHILLED U S. N. RUSSET BAKING Potatoes ..L1 5 Orange J'ce 3S. 100 Potatoes 10 A 79E JUMBO SUNKIST LARGE FRESH HEADS ESCA .ENRY ROMAINE i a .....P5G. Lemnons .6 FoR49c Lettuce. 2 HEAD 49c Sa iadGreens ..10 Gaf .*. 5 9Oc 3421 WEST UNIVERSITY AVE. OPEN ON SUNDAY 130 N.W. 6Th ST. MRS.SMITHPIE TWIN 39c HIWAY 441, HIGH SPRINGS 1401 N. MAIN ST. MORTONHONEY SUPERJRAND'S.f" GOODLUCK (100 FREE STAMPS) VINESRe e s .00 .0.9.9.0PKG. ME u Gns.411 M marine 5 u 12 Ca$p100 UIrOw& LAFREE 6 A6 K arOFineu3 1** Eg .F. .D PKG. vMaigai1ne 2' GS66c Mrgarine 3 PNG Eg s.2 Dz ~.SM~~Lflj w'i ThwmuV, Apr* 2, 1O Tim FluM@d ANIWgmr, Pa P11 t--4fr .. E -77 U WnNN-DWE STORE, NC-C fG-1970 ,71 b 

PAGE 12

Pao 12, T P ali*A4a, Tik', Api 1.Mi FOR SA LE A FREE GUITAR LESSON Phone 372-3225 or come by 1826 W. Univ. Ave., and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher and performer here 3 years. (A-109-St-p). 1966 Honda 305 Scrambler Excellent Condition, low mileage, new front and rear sprockerts, extra sprockets, and plugs $300 373-2319 or N. W. 4th Lane. (A-109-3t-p Reel to reel component stereo, craig deck, criterion spkrs., dyne amp, scotch tape -deer, new, sell for lose -call Mac at 373-2394. (A-109-5t-p). 1970 Honda SL90 Scrambler. 1700 miles. Perfect condition. Call 392-8302 between 3 and 5 PM. $300. (A-109-2t-p). Microscope, new olympus Binocular with 4 objectives 3 sets oculars reho light and camera adapter, case save $200 Call 372-0590. (A.3t-109-p). Surfboard for sale: 10 foot king; local make; good condition no dings, clear with blue foam stringer; $30. Call Shells 392-9631. (A-109-5t-p). 1963 Rambler station wagon classic, V-8 automatic, radio and heater. Excellent condition. Call 372-7821 After 1PM. (A-109-5t-p). Adorable part poodle puppies. Have excellent care, shots. Good with children. 6 wks. old. Must see to appreciate. $25. Call 372-3489 anytime. (A-3t-109-p). 1967 Honda S90. Excellent Condition. Runs like new. Less than 4,000 miles. Helmet included $165. Call Bob at 373-1751. (A-109-3t-p). F lorida State T heatres -1c L-AT DAY L orlP.-. I t \e Dunwich Horror d e STARTS TOMORROW e e "One of the year' se :10 best pictures!": o Robert Redford and e C C e Katherine Ross -e : 'The Sundance Kid : 0 and his girlfriend' 0 this time they : : enforce the law -: : they don't break it. 0 0 Sw ."TELL THEM WILLIE 'O BOY IS HERE" : 0 .2 _els M. f. vImS e .ALLL.AST DAY 2 W. Wversky Aw. "BEN HUR" 00 STARTS TOMORROW VINCENT PRICE : CHRISTOPHER LEE : PETER CUSHING TERROR AND : TORTURE1DII RAMPANTI 00 *00 S P'OR SALE LOS r bright carpet colors. ..restoe them with Blue Lustre. Rent electric shampooer $1. Lowry Furniture Co. (A-lt-tf-c) Car & cycle -1965 HONDA CB160 tools, good condition 1965, VW 113 Good Cond. cycle $300, car $700 call 373-2915. (A5t109-p) VESPA -Scooter runs perfectly. Current inspection sticker, parking decal. Two seats,-new paint, 100 mi. per gaio. Only $99. Call 376-5962. (A-3t-110) MICROSCOPE ekz binocular, -3x, 45x, 100x ol objectives. 10x oculars, variable light, med. school approved, 4 yrs. old, $450, Call 378-1762 after 5 PM. (A-110-4t-p) Tired of walking to classes? Financial Problems Forces Sale of 1970 HONDA CL-90 Lees than 100 miles 373-2912 evenings. (A-2t-109-p) FOR R EPJT #or Rent: Large Bedroom, Private Bath, Porch, and entrance, $60/mo. Call Ann Sheridan 392-3581. (B-109-3t-p) 1 or 2 MALE ROOMMATES. Landmark Apts. no. 26. 111 SW. 16th Ave. Most beautiful Apartment Complex in GainesvIlle. (70% GI R LS) Call 378-1074. (B-109-5t-p). Sublease Uni. Gardens 2 bdr. grad student bid $170/mo. until June 15. Call 378-5955 or UG office. (B-109-3t-p) One male roommate Lankmark Apt. 60 1111 S.W. 16th Ave. Lease until Aug. or June A/C on pool. Full kitchen Call 373-2207 $46.25 mo. (B-109-2t-p). Single rooms utilities linens, maid $150/quarter. Near campus Call 378-7222 or see 115 N.W. 10th St. Evenings. (B-109-t-p). Nice two bedroom apt. only five blocks from campus. Air conditioned, gas heated. Immediate occupency. $125/mo. Call 378-5038, or 392-9367. (8-109-3t-p). 2 Bedroom duplex apt. Just south of The University inn. For information call 372-6333. Leave name and phone no. for J. Pozin. Will contact you. (B-109-5t-p). Several 1 br. apts, bath, kitchen, living room, completely furnished ww carpet, AC $120 mo. Colonial Manor apts. 1216 S.W. 2nd Avenue. 372-7111 Grad. Students preferred. (B-109-tf-c). Need two roommates $45 a month $135 for the quarter + utilities, security deposit payed. Lease runs only to end of quarter. 373-1698 past 4. (-3t-109-p). Across Street from campus -Studio Apts. for both one and two students, ww carpet -AC -cable TV utilities included -completely furnished -ample parking -swim pool. College Terrace Apts. 1225 S.W. 1st Ave. Phone 378-2221 or 372-7111. (B-109-tf-c). 1 and 2 bedroom furnished apts., fully 'carpeted and air-conditioned. Most sound proofed In town. All electric kitchen, lots of closets, laundry and pool. Pets Welcome. Phone 376-0635 for rental rates. (B-7t-109-p) Room for single man across from S.F.J.C. Quiet neighborhood $40. mo. 378-5868. 104 S.W. 8th Str. (B-3t-110-p) Large corner room 4 windows, 2 closets 2 blocks campus. Phone, kitchen privileges,dey, week, month, ample parking 378-4645. (B-lt-109-p) Singlesi How about a private bdrm close to campus, con A/H, full carpet complete elect. kitchen, spanish furniture, pool, gas grills, laundry facilities, patio, Dn/aresa, GIF parties -all for $70/mo. INCLUDING util. La Mancha has it sill Openings for 1-4 students. Call 378-7224 Nowl (C-109-ot-p) Roomate wanted to share apt. 32.50 per month. 1 block from campus. Call3726205. (C-1092tp). FEMALE ROOMMATE: For Wlliamburg Apt. $50/mo. Call LOIS 3724944 after 5 PM. (C-109-t-p). One male roommate wanted (spring &/or summer) for 4 bedroom, 2 bath, central air Apt -one block from Norman Hall $45 plus utilities 372-1272!. (C10-2t-p). 1 FEMALE roommate needed IMMEDIATELY Landmark $46. 5/mo. Call ANYTIME 378-4941. (C-10t-107-p) HELPIII Deeperately need femlMe roommate La Bonne Vie immediate occupancy tf1 June. For more info. Plese call 376-3056 or 373-1368. (C-109-5t-p).' Female roommate for house 3 miles from campus. Own room central air. $50/month, share utilitIes. 373-1027. (C-3t-109-p): Male roommate wanted for Spring Quarter. Gatortown apt. No Deposit. One ero.m W&NTE1y PR. ADV & MKG MAJORS: Representatives needed for on-campus marketing & sales promotion program. Liberal commissions. Call Fred 372-9705. (C-1094t-p). Listeners Wanted -Will pay $2.00 for one hour session. Must be native english speaking and have normal hearing. Please call 392-2049 between 1 and 4 p.m. for appointment. (C-109-10t-c). One Male Rmmete: to share 1 bdrm. apt In Sin City. Pool, Cable TV and air. cond. $40/mo. Call 373-1742. (C-5t-109-p). Female roommate for 2 bedr. poolsde + woodside Landmark apt. 107 spr. and/or summer qtr. dishwasher, good parking call anytime 373-1208 or come by. (C-3t-109-p). Wanted: Male roommate to share 3 br. apt. with 3 others A/C ww carpet, pool, cable TV, very reasonable, poolside, Call Sandy 392-8860. (C-109-2t-c) Non smoking grad. student wanted to share lovely house near Mail. $15-week. Call Susie 378-3606. IC-109-3t-p) FEMALE ROOMMATE: two bedroom apt. to share with one other girl. Close to campus. A/C $60 per mo. Grad student preferred. 376-7611 anytime. (C-109-4t-p). MAN'S BICYCLE NOW Call Mike Henson 378-0952 apt. 22. Williamsburg. (C-3t-109-p) Need one male roommate for strilte apart. 38 per mth share util, AC etc. Call 372-4168 convinient to camp. (C-3t-109-p) 2 Male Roommates for 2-bedroom house, .one block north of campus 1316 N.W. 1 Ave -378-8895. 33.75 month + utilities. No deposit ask for Pete. (C-5t-109-p) Help good people 2001 S.W. 135th St. needs a couple (in any form) or a single for roommates. Large bedroom private bath AC good price. 376-7402. (C-2t-109-p) One female roommate wanted to move into Landmark Apt. immediately. Call anytime 378-4849. (C-3t-109-p) Desperate -Male roomte La Bonne Vie 47.50 a month, cen H/AC, pool, call 372-7252 after 4:00 p.m. (C-5t-109-p) Wanted: One male roommate for La Bonne Ve apt. Pay an averge of $34 pr month + )k utilities, Phone 373-1448. Lease ends In June Apt. 354. (C-3t-109-p) *X8EIF WI WITE1 Male 20 yrs. old for telephone solicitarion work. 10 hrs. per week, no experience necessary. Call 376-20431 for an interview. (E-5t-109-P) A FREE L.UITAR LESSON Phone 372-3225 or come by 1826 W. Univ. Ave. and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher and performer here 3 years. (E-109-St-p). SECRETARIES-TYPISTS: 70 WPM Shorthand and 45 WPM Typing. Positions open on the main campus and in the Health Center. Apply at Central Employment, 2nd Floor of the Hub, or telephone 392-1201 for testing appointment. UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA -Equal Opportunity Employer. (E-107-5t-c) AUTOS 64 FALCON CONVOI5TIBLE excellent condition $495. Call anytime at 376-2738. (G-5t-109-p) MERCEDES-BENZ 1964 190 Sedan. AM-FM air-conditioning. Radial tires, excelientconditon $1,595. Call 378-5068. (G-t-109-p) Red bug-eyed '69 Sprite. Rebuilt engine and carburetor. New Interior. Needs work on transmission. Will sell for $225. Call 378-9129. (G-09-t-p). LEMANS 1968 Ar-cond. full power, HURST 4-speed Mags and Polygiass, engine in perfect cond. must sell soon. Evenings 373-2827. (G-109-St-p). 1963 Corvair, excellent condition, 60.000 miles perfect for second car call Bob at 376-9781 after 7:00 p; m. (G-3t-109-p). :'EJSOYEAL WANTED -Former Peace Corps volunteer to speak at high school. Transportation provided. MarthaOestrelch 378-3430. (J-3t-109-p) Welcome Back Speciall with first purchase everyday this week a $1.00 coupon toward any article at THE BAUBLE BAG custom-made jewelry, 535 SW 4th Ave. Open 1 pm. (J-5t-107-p) Spring Flea Market: Don't know what to do with the crinoline aunt hilda gave you for Christmas? Come sell. It & buy someone also's fringed parasol. Union tent -Apr. 28. (J-lt-109-c) Mo6fNe conte-. -$25 first prize, deadline Apr. 20, applications at the Union rm. 310 (J-3t-109-c) Campus Yo-Yo, Hulahoop, Jump Rope, and Ballbatcontest. Take out your old yoyo and work it back Into condition. At the Union May 1. (J-St-09-c) Reitz Union tent revival -Thurs. apr. 30 from 2-6 P.M. The Empty tent will be provided this one day for anyone to come .Rap on anything. (J-5t-109-c) CHI PHI BROTHERS Congratulations on moving into your new housel Best of luck this quarter. Love your little Sisters. (-lt-109-p) WELCOME BACK FOLKS the bent card coffee house presents real music -real movies -real coffee (free) real fun for real people (J-3t-109-p). A FREE GUITAR LESSON phone 372-3225 or come by 1826 W. Univ. Ave and ask for Bob Zuber, teacher and performer here 3 years. (J-5t-109-p). no. 24 the games peopielplayi Cat and mouse was ours. Maybe our paths will cross again. I dig baseball too. Beat JU. (J-2t-109-p) I did for both of us. A trip to New York is always great, but this time it was special. The reason? The most exciting just out collection of underground clothes ever. Plus exclusive represntation of a collection of imported clothes sold only in the best N. Y. shopes. Marsha Dave Stan or Susie will be glad to sell them to you at the SPANISH MAIN 1642 W. Univ. Ave. open 10-10 Mon-Sat. (J-3t-109-p). Chiquilta.Riz: On this, the 22nd anniversary of your birth, with the tacit approval of my agency I reveal to you, an immigrant, my true Identity. At considerable risk I remain. Edward Everett Horton. (J-lt-109.p) LOST dr F'OUND1 LOST campus Mar 16, male mniniature collie, sable, white, black. City tag 1352. Call 372-4542 or 392-0277. REWARD. (L-St-107-p) Lost BOOTSIE, black & white cat w/ 1. 0. tag In viscinity of Univ. P. o. Reward for return. Call 372-5713 after 5 P P. M. (L-3t-109-p). Lost Deltzgen slide rule. If found Please call 378-5901. The name is Ralph Barlow reward. (L-3t-109-p). FOUND: Camera left at 624 N.W. 19th Ave. Sophomorefrom Beacon, N.Y. with 3.9 average. Please call 372-3203 624 N.W. 19th Ave. (L-3t-109-p) Ruby's ALTERATIONS -1958 N.W. 4th St. 376-8506. Mrs. Ruby Mills. (M-10t-107-p) Happiness Is getting your eyeglasses at the smallest eyeglass office In town. Drive your own waiting room to UNIVERSITY OPTICIANS at 519 SW 4th Ave, across from Greyhound Bus Station, 378-4480. (M-tf-107-c) WEDDING INVITATIONS PRICES ARE LOW IN IDAHO, 100 custom printed only $5.95. Send for free catalog and samples, to Arnold Agency, 206 East Main, Rexburg, Idaho. (M-4t-107-p) INCOME TAX RETURNS $4 and up Campus Tax Service, at Rebel Discount 1227 W. Univ. 372-8309. (M-102-20t-p) XEROX COPIES: Specializing In thesis and dissertation copies and collating. Gainesville Printing Co. 1817 Hawthorne Rd. Call 372-4313. (M-83-37t-p) Alternators -Generators -Starters -Electrical Systems tested and repairs -Auto Electrical Service, 1111 S. Main. (M-107-tf-c) TRIUMPH CITY authorized triumph sales & service. 1970 models from $745 to $1,750. Located north of city limits on 441, behind the Handlebar Lounge. New building soon. 376-9345. (M-7t-109-p) LATIN AMERICANISTS -Need biographic data for your research? Write the Caribbean Information Institute, P.O. Box 4824, El Paso, Texas 79914. HELD OVER EXTRA DAYS. HURRY Walt Disney. .,RVWMSIN~is W OM ETC O'S ) ti~ "THE PAALOOKING GLASS -M.W.13thsSt. as23 doew Ulophone 378-24341WAR" 1962 roll over V W engine in great shape, would make excellent beach buggy must sell now, call 373-1451. (G-5t-l09-p). PERSOPJAL Roommate wanted to share 2 bedroom apt. Furnished, complete kitchen. Very large and nice. Immediate occupancy 314 N W 14 St. Apt. 3 Apt. 378-08198. (J-2t-109-p). SR LS -DistinctiveCUSTOM MADE Personal Dress, WEDDING DRESS & Sportswear by your English dressmaker, KATHLEEN. Bikinis $14, Dresses $14. Add $3 for 1-day service if desired. Phone 378-0320. (J-0t-107-p) 4a W (17-)H -Tm4 Nt ,,CaiJ7~.A~eitlrs, (C-8-3.9-n) (J-St-107-p) t'sn TIVA 

PAGE 13

ThWwV.Apl1;. Tm AI.PO~rP 11P iC 2 iT'SA GOOD BET. ROAS 1.368C BE CONP49C SHIMP PiK-:189C "Super-Rightn" Sliced Bwef "SupW-Riftt" 7 Rib Pfrk Cap'n Johnm Frozen Frenh Fried Fish LIVER LB49 ROA ST 59C FILLETS14 9C 45 9 FreshuJuicy SpElSNationaltBFo hemian GspociFll ORANGES 5 Lb55( BEER cm 6= 9 SAVE 24c resh Crisp Tex asSpeci RIMo C Sa With This Coupon B e You Buy Plain or S.R. -C" R r C B enEr E F= ** LIECB4~ R ASRTS 29 Lb2 BETEAS 6P20 59 GOLD MEDAL FLOUR Sor odn m eial n wr ) C n6 51.0RA39APPL.ES 9'PACPIESI39( 4JnPk I IRy, Irck or Whit Limit 1 Coupon Per Family w/$5 or more order Coupon Good thru April 5Sat your ALP U READ A 9 50 'XTR-AE -10cSAVE 8c WiftThi Copm Wen ou ty %* "s CuponWhe'Yo ftyCamON-6Z. SIZE EASY OFF SAVE lAc r OVN SPRY 9C A W~Ti opn .e .You BuyMenYo uyCrnO WIATIES CEREAL1%MAZOLA A No TROUGH APR.5167 WAt U g Coun th hsCuo ThsS Jhe.Thi shi opn4c Coupon Sx sx sx1b U 5 c T A-m Co -19C-33c,=45c w"' -=-"41 Coupen Good thru AprIl 5 at your AAP ._._._._-._'_.I ..oobo TrROUH APR. 5 -uueu~u ~ 41701. ~ anow. ~ A.ud 1304-70t 

PAGE 14

Page 14, The Florida AegeNr, Thurdav, April 2, 1970 WITOf0 EXTRA --EXTRA --EX" I[IIJw GrWRa I I[III reenStamps ____ Gre wiN InS COUPON AND PI H$ O It Ti COUPON AND PURCHASE OF WITH THIS COUPON Zestabs Vitamins Arrid Extra Dry V Plain or with Iron Deodorant Eye pkg. of 60 $1.79 4.3-oz. can 79c 15c EXTRA GREEN STAMPS WHEN YOU CLIP AND REDEEM THE COUPONS ON THIS PAGE ~AARKA-Sb A A I 0 TRA M. en Stam PsMe MAND PUlCHAS&OF Visine e Drops cc. $1.29 W., Apl ,97) EXTRaAmEXTRA EXTRA JwGreenStamps. jwGreenStamps I IJwGreenStamps -COUPO-t N AND PURCH $ __:Tis O AN U CI gWITH THISCOUONAN. PU S O Double Edge Blades 3/2-oz. 89c or Cold Tablets pkg. of 5 ...75c or Pond's Dry Skin Cream pkg. of 20, 19c or pkg. of 10 ...$1.45 3.9-oz. 99c pkg. of 36's, $1.39 2. '.as'.ss es Wsse Aril8,_170)1 2. fai e WdAl0 90)2.5* 1 eApi 90 EXTA BEXTRAmEXTRA abdJWreen Stamps Fw] GreenStamps IIJwGreenStamps M EXTR~sCUPNAO UA EO IT4)1 I CON ..CA.1 .1 WIT THIS COUPON AN PURCAS Of 71IRN Pristeen Noxzema Skin Cream Conta Feminine Deodorant 6-oz. 93c or Capsules 21/2-oz.pkg. $1.39 3 1-oz., $1.19 pkg. of 10, $1.19 ff1IJi W eeAPM 11,1 1)111 !p4.P. 19")s 23. II ~ -WAms B9 -9" XA -----sk h l EXTRA --,EXTRA EXTRA SJWGreenStamps m l reenStamps IIJWGreen StampsM.1M Regular or Super Medium or HardComi Tampax Tampons Tooth Brush Cosmetic Puffs pkg. of 40, $1.49 each 48c pkg. of 260, 69c 4. (11". W., .AiAI.,. It) 14 (.pi1W. l4, 1*70) ,,,,,24. I. ~. .Ap,, 5. IV. EXTRA EX-TRA EXTRA 11 JWGreenStamps I i J reenStamps BIi iJWGreenStamps White Ein Asst. Efferdent J & Hair Spray Tablets Cotton Swabs 13-oz. can $1.19 pkg. of 40, 99c pkg. of 400, 99c EXTRA -EXTRA -"-,EXTRA IM JWGreenStampsB BJWGree.StamsIsIW JWGreenStampsw Micrin Oral ange Antiseptic Reflector Baby Shampoo 12-oz., 93c or Ig. size 7-o. bat. 99c 18-oz., $1.16 rag. price 6. (.,. O. pA,.5' ."1' 16. p .d.ApU4.1726. 1.1.W&,5pi197" EXTR EXTA EXRA ETRAEXTRA SGreeenntampsstamps .(Green tamps IJWGeenStamps Clear, Lotion or Lemon Brylcreem Vanish Cutex Polish Remover White Rain Shampoo Hair Dressing Bowl Cleaner 3-os., 39c or Any 2 Pkgs. of Gerber 14-oz. bat. 93c 3-oz. size 49c rag. price 4-z., 43c Baby Pants 7. f.,l,."Al, a.1971" 1 7IW. W .". A .1 190)27 (-WA 01H ., 1.4M 31. 1[. W." oal .~>35..a. ." j EX TRAEXTRAEXTRAEXTREXTRA M o.GreenStamps 1 GreenStamps L I j GrenStamps JKGreenStamps -GreenStamps .1, .A.U.$. .C.,.A.C. i. .ll .1. .-P M -.N .C. O 4. i.C.G.6.BtA f Regular or WBody Nxzema Asst. Instant Shave 9 Foam Rubber Gleam Any 3 Pair of Breck Crem. Rinse 6-az., 78c or Fatigue Mets Tooth Pasta Kam-Lee Regular .-ns. bet. 93c I-1-,1 .209 each, reg. price 3.s-o., 55c Ladies' Hose ". Of.,,.wi.0 a. 190.,.411.0k,. ,L,11,7"29 .ts,. ,&. API. lop ,32. '., .w. s, .ares9 7u36. .i, 5.'sIO EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA GreenStamps reenStamps GreenStamps I GreenStamps I reenStamps Br, --k-"i-Byer Aspirin BAND AI DBrand Conditioner Tbe" $1 or aere of Bandages Mildw Disk 4-o. bet. $e .t. of 100, 79 any Cadles any size re. Ak. 9. .,s. w ~a. 19M. We 19. .9.a .-Aso Is 29. MUPI. W .".*AeN .1 79m33. u e,. .1,. 37. EXTRA EXTRA EXTRA G;enXtamps GreenStamps .[IiGreenStamps GreenStam GreenStam oTI~breentIamps ___ 'e,.".5--7.'-., I VI er "er Kiss Petroleum Jelly Ct Tok P!der 4-ez., 39c or $1 or mre of any Pints or Quarts Gamerene LItter 106. ean 59 12-ea., 69c Anchor Haoking Gls-Ware Beg Cleaner or Shempeozer 12% Ils. pkg. 10. e 4.10. -1a.e1n 9. s 20. NX-,. w.A. P,. 1 30. .s. acvsa 34. .,.Wa. sIs n38. .wa.i sis, i 

PAGE 15

-. .. PRICES EFFECTIVE THURS., APRIL 2, THRU WED. APRIL 8, 1970 QUANTITY RIGHTS RESERVED "W "'"-----.Giant All e .59c. Pea.s. o .3. 9 Pr uce -..Nescafe .e509 Pear Halves 3 s9 Coc 3ktal ****.4ea::$ .ol.Sl. 40Ham Chee GAINESVILLE SHOPPING CENTER G 1014 N. Main Stree WESTGATE SHOPPING C W. University Avenue at 34th S Store hours 9-9 Mon. thru Fri.9-7. THESE PRICES EFFECTIVE IN THE FOLLOWING COUP Brevard, Orange, Osceola, Lake, Seminole, Volusia, Mario SWIFT'S PREMIUM PROTEN GOVT. INSPECTED HEAVY WESTERN BEEP SALE Sliced Bacon .',79c TBmne Steks .$11" 5.1w. ,.,=a. .S.W ft, aira ,,,, ,,, Smoked Daisies .$ t1 Pet Rst. 796 Swifts Franks .69 I p"ul*R* et ."a B;oPs Ham .$1"' .00. Bon.es.aem~ $1".) .e,,e.t. Herman Wieners. .' 49 See"t Ribs .59 C.p.I.'. T.Sy 5. 3 5-. 1.-6 16-.ETA Bologna .29' 49' 69 j reeTapsrj Cooked Ham.*,;; 65*h-'s ,.1 ..a. White Shrimp .s 89 .3 "" Lake Erie Smelts .TG35ETamps 4 .5.6. ., GreenStamps .,.d'.,. 6oogchoeeys 42. .am a.asm.Pr. is, reenStamps I '., ,S.dr Me Ru.e I each po 9. rv "rndRGreenStamps2 AppleY .3.49* ------I I .g.I.p0* --3 .mr70fFany ruat. y .m:.uBruhes m~s. ~L 9' ab Foo.4.-7 i.uu. ow.t m. P,k 9 ~39.5656V.2.6 ~ L~J OFF '.h42. XTRA .-b 9 M 1 1PoT .aTO .1 oleBeank2. .3 BUS m. ..ky --"------.--EX. N .t h r .e .5. O ry. aTDn g Jug r. .3 ATIESVNLL MA ENTECorR0# E la!anao,,,,nquet DIer. N 0 $1 SOAC Thurdmy, April 2,1970, The FlorId. AWt.r, Pegs 15 in and Alachua. 

PAGE 16

Pap 16, The FNErl 6Aiiw. Thuuvie An 2.1970 Uip BOOK REVIEWS (By United Press International) The Making of an Un-American by Paul Cowan (Viking Press, $6.95) The basic premise of the New Left has been that significant changes can be brought about only by going outside established institutions to confront problems directly. It is ironic that Paul Cowan's memoir of the last decade, the finest piece of writing yet produced by the New Left, should be infused with a bitter sense that people can do little to help each other. Cowan worked on a kibbutz early in the decade, taught school in an integrated project in Cambridge, Md., went to Mississippi during the summer of 1964, and then spent nearly two years with the Peace Corps in Ecuador. He began with a sense of the brotherhood of people, and ended with a feeling that helping people change their lives invariable destroys them. Cowan's book is honest, sensitive and evocative, a far subtler document than the political framework in which he has chosen to enclose it. By instinct he is a traveler like T. E. Lawrence or Sir Richard Burton, more interested in the way people are, than in helping them become something new. It is a sign of the times that he has allowed his literary instincts to be constrained by politics. Thomas Powers (UPI) Howard Hughes in Las Vegas By Omar Garrison. (Lyle Stuart, $5.95) The elusiveness of billionaire Howard Hughes is known to all and this book on his wheelings and dealings in Las Vegas tells little more than the news media have previously reported. Purported to be the "inside story of Howard Hughes since he went on a colossal spending spree in Las Vegas," the book fails to dispel the mystery of the man but does present an interesting look at Las Vegas itself -the gambling and hotels and political figures who have been drawn into Hughes' deals. But like all books on Hughes, it tells little of the current life of Hughes himself -Hughes remains the mystery man he fully intends to be. Patricia E. DvD (UPI) * *a Return to Black America, by William Gardner Smith. (Prentice-Hall, $4.95) Any book that elucidates the attitudes of the black man in today's racial crisis has value. This one has special interest because of its viewpoint -that of a 40-year-old Negro journalist who was raised in Philadelphia but has lived abroad for 16 years. He has recorded his reactions and opinion on his return, after touring all sides of Black America. For the most part, it is a straightforward report, factual and frightening. Even more dismaying, however, are the conclusions he has drawn. The black revolution has begun, says the author, thrust forward by a growing "national liberation movement." The black is being transformed into a prideful race bound together in a new brotherhood. There must be a change in American society but the transition will be long and painful and may be bloody. And radical white students and intellectuals will help bring the change about. He contends that the United States is progressing to "a fundamental transformation" that will place Black America in a strong enough position "to negotiate its status on an equal footing with the white leadership." S Iieteniong PLEASURE elcrida We orny did it for you. Albums Combining Music, Astrology On The Market NEW YORK (UPI) -Gerald W. Purcell and Herb Alpert set their sights on the stars at a time when man was content with setting foot on the moon. Both had noticed the increasing interest in astrology as mankind entered the age of Aquarius. They believed the time had come to move into astrology on a big scale. SO THEY EACH issued 12 long-play records, one for each sign of the zodiac. Purcell, a businessman who owns the GWP Record Co., limited his albums to music only although each record is accompanied by a booklet especially written for the sign by Carroll Righter, the noted authority on astrology. Alpert, leader of the Tijuana Brass band and president of the small but powerful A&M Record Co., used Moog synthetizer music and commentary to tell an Aquarius or a Virgo what the stars have in store. EVEN THOUGH the rival albums were offered to the record-buying public at the same time, the difference between the two concepts of presenting the 'Knife In Water' At Union Tonight "Knife in Water," a highly acclaimed film directed by Roman Polanaki, will be shown at 7 and 9:30 tonight in the Reitz Union theater. The picture is the second ina three day festival of Polanski films which began Wednesday night with "Repulsion," a film dealing with the subconcious and fear. The festival ends Friday and Saturday night with showings of "Rosemary's Baby," a film starring Mia Farrow and dealing with witchcraft. "Knife in Water" has been called by many critics Polanski's best film to date. Admission price is 50 cents. LOST IN A CROWD? zodiac eliminated the nuisance of competition. Thus, a Pisces or a Leo who takes his astrology seriously probably would want to own both an A&M and a GWP record relating to his sign. "Carroll Righter is more than an astrologer," Purcell said in an interview. "He is president of the Philadelphia Opera Association, a lawyer and a musicologist." RIGHTER'S knowledge of astrology and music was a good combination for selecting appropriate music for each sign. "I decided to record music only because any comment would be distracting," Purcell said. "The records can be played as dinner music or as a background for conversation." "We chose music we thought was most suited for each sign. The music was recorded in England and arranged by musicians born under the signs of the indicated albums.". Purcell, who is married to glamor girl Monique van Vooren and owns a number of restaurants, said the public response to the recordings was good. "We expect to sell $3 million of astrology albums," he said. SUMMER EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (IN MAJOR FLORIDA CITIES) ARE YOU MONEY HUNGRY ??? DO YOU LIKE GIRLS??? Let us help you satisfy BOTH interests Our company will train college men to present our investment olan to single employed girls in major Florida cities this summer. Those selected may start parttime now. EARN $100 TO $175 WEEKLY QalIfcations: Men or women 18-28 years of age; must be neat, personable, own a car, and be wilUng io work evenings. interview: Thursday, April 2,4:00 PM Room 118 Reitz Union. PRICES EFFECIVI THIRS. .FRI., SAT. APRIL 2 3-4, 1970 BODAY, WEDDWN AND ANNNERSAY CAKES ARE OUR SPECIALTY1 Iced with sweet hecelate, 8-I.ch Bavarian Cream Pie : eh9 Plas er with reishas, with asseted fruit tepplua Cinnamon Rolls tray of 45 N. Ihlti Delleles fresh -Butter Bread -n DANH 8Ich 791 II *l, SI prl7 ,191 (ExpiresSatBAKERY Special Orders Call 372-3885 

PAGE 17

Julio The University Gallery will present beginning Sunday an exhibition of the work of the Spanish artist Julio Gonzalez, a forged and welded iron sculpturer with widespread influence. The Gallery will display 54 works -on paper and five sculptures by Gonzalez through April 27. The works range from the artist's early figurative drawings of the '20s to his open form constructions of the '30s and '40s. THIS EXHIBITION, organized by the Museum of Modem Art in New York, is the result of collaboration between the Museum's Director of the Department of Drawings and Prints, William S. Liebermann, and Temple University's Asst. Professor of Art History, Josephine Withers. The exhibition presently is on tour of the United States and Canadian museums and galleries after a successful premiere in Puerto Rico. Julio Gonzalez was trained as a metalsmith in his father's workshop in Barcelona. In 1900 he moved to Paris where he worked as a painter, supporting his family by making jewelry and decorative metalwork. During World War I he worked in a factory -where he learned the newly developed techniques in welding which he subsequently used in sculpture. BESTSELLER BOOKLISTJ (UPI) (Compiled by Publishers' Weekly) Fiction THE FRENCH UEUTENANT'S WOMAN -John Fowles THE GODFATHER -Mario Puzo TRAVELS WITH MY AUNT Graham Greene THE HOUSE ON THE STRAND -Daphne du Maurier MR. SAMMLER'S PLANET Saul Bellow THE GANG THAT COULDN'T SHOOT STRAIGHT -Jimmy Breslin FIRE FROM HEAVEN -Mary Renault THE INHERITORS -Harold Robbins IN THIS HOUSE OF BREDE Rummer Godden PUPPET ON A CHAIN Alistair Maclean Nonfiction THE SELLING OF THE PRESIDENT 1968 -Joe McGinniss EVERYTHING YOU HAVE ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW ABOUT SEX -David Reuben MARY QUEEN OF SCOTS Antonia Fraser PRESENT AT THE CREATION -Dean Acheson AMERICAN HERITAGE DICTIONARY OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE William Morris, editor-in-chief THE PETER PRINCIPLE Laurence J. Petter and Raymond Hull THE GRAHAM KERR COOKBOOK -Galloping Gourmet CULTURE AND COMMITMENT -Margaret Mead IN SOMEONE'S SHADOW Rod McKuen AMBASSADOR'9;6U9NAV. a John K. Galbraith AT UNIVERSITY GALLERY Gonzalez Exhibit In 19281e assisted Pablo Picasso onto dark backgrounds, giving a (a friend of many years) in the lumnious effect, as in the two creation of several iron delicate BOUQUETS (c. sculptures, numbered among 1912-1915). Picasso's finest. From this SCENES OF PEASANTS in collaboration, which was the field (1920) comprise the immensely rewarding for both next series of works in the artists, Gonzalez gained the exhibition. The series following inspiration for the open-form dates from 1932. During this welded metal constructions interval the collaboration which were to place his name between Gonzalez and Picasso among the most esteemed and took place and in the heads and influential of 20th-century figures presented can be seen a sculptors. new direction, an abstract The present exhibition shows post-cubist style whichbegan to a sampling of the many styles dominate his paintings and his Gonzalez used in works on paper sculpture. One is conscious in throughout his life. Drawing and the drawings, as in the sculpture, painting continued to be of planes and rods which important, although much work surround and mold the made after 1928 was preliminary contained space. Gonzalez to constructions in metal. The described his intent, "to project watercolors -and pastels of and design in space with the help 1905-1920, in their depiction of of new methods, to utilize this women, reflect his admiration space, and to construct with it, for Degas; color is often applied as though one were dealing with Open a new acquired mate The figurative HE MONTSERRAT (1939) is repeated h rendering in 1939 These figures are mood by figures famous "Cactus' 1938-1940, whi opened in a scream in supplication,I tragic world horr Spanish Civil War. Tbur.-Apdl 2. 1970. TU F MA Sb 0S7. Yoko Expecting LONDON (UPI) -JQhp Lennon told thousands, of S rock fans Sunday that his wife, Yoko Ono, may be Mial." pregnant and cited that as AD OF THE one more reason for World CRYING peace. n an abstract Speaking over a telephone and 1940. hookup from his home; matched in Lennon told 12,000 persons from the gathered in London's Bethnal series of Green for a rock concert: "I ose mouths think she is pregnant. arms raised "Don't be ashamed to take protest the your trousers down for ors of the peace," Lennon concluded. SWINGERS THE SELECT PLACE New Swinger Bar and Cocktail Lounge Only 18 Minutes From Gainesville At Williston DANCE SWING THE CAVE ROOM THE POLYNESIAN ROOM THE PSYCHEDELIC ROOM A 

PAGE 18

-up 18, The FlarM. Aligutar, Thursday, Apr*2, 1970 at MORRISON'S CAFETERIA ENJOY THESE SPECIALTIES Hurricanes Roar LUNCH AND DINNER THURSDAY Past UF Netters Baked Ham and Candied The University of Miami tennis team demonstrated why it's rated Yams 994 among the nation's top three teams with a 9-0 tromping over the UF netters Wednesday afternoon. Miami's win avenged last year's 6-3 loss to the Gators and boosted F I Y their season record to 14-0. UF was unable to win one set from the Hurricanes. MIAMI'S ALL-AMERICANS Pat Cramer and Luis Garcia easily Fisk Almond ie and won their singles matches over Greg Hilley, 6-2, 6-1, and Buddy Miles, 6-1, 6-1, respectively and then teamed up in doubles to allow the same Gator opponents only one game, 6-0, 6-1. French-Fried Potatoes The largest crowd of the season was in attendance, almost 300 fans. In other singles competition Eddie Dibbs of Miami defeated Gator Captain Will Sherwood, 6-1, 6-3; Paul Lunetta (Uf) lost to Raz Ried 894 in the number four singles; in the number five singles Steve Siegel of Miami beat Bruce Bartlett, 6-1, 6-4 and Sven Ginman won six singles GAINESVILLE MALL over UF freshman Kenn Terry, 13-11, 6-1. IN THE OTHER doubles competition, Sherwood and Lunetta lost to Dibbs and Ried, 64,64 and Ginman and Siegel downed Terry and freshman Ralph Hart, 64 64. S S Cramer, a senior, plans to join the pro ranks but says,"it all depends on how well I do in the tournaments such as Wimbledon and Forrest UF, now sporting an 84 record, will test their ability in the the quarterly comet Southeastern Conference when they meet their first SEC foe -LSU .the.u.erl.co. ; PR ECIOUS KNEES .Alvarez, Cheney Sweat, Blood .GRAND OPENING SPECIAL! Sweat, blood and body I a T contact conpnsed the second MUNTZ STEREO TAPE CENTER day of football practice Wednesday as Coach Dickey followed the same format but got better results. OPENING SPECIALS "We acconulished much more today," said Dickey. "The boys HUNDREDS OF 8-TRACK TAPES-FROM 2.99 really showed enthusiasm." Dickey said both Mike KelleyHU D ESO -R C TA S FOM 19 and Bob Harrell received minor HUNDREDS OF 4-TRACK TAPES-FROM 199 urieg iteycthan Hnase 8-TRACK TAPE UNIT COMPLETELY INSTALLED-46.95 was shaken up in a practice drill. Several players were given the Li.A F C opportunity to try punting, WE RECORD YOUR ALBUMS, TOO! including quarterback John Reaves. Dickey said no Ed STEREO-PAK super-punter was discovered, but everyone will get a chance to 14 NW 13th Street try. THE SODOM AND GOMORRAH OF GAINESVILLE THE SODOM AND GOMORRAH OF GAINESVILLE THE SODOM AND GOMORRAH OF GAINES The ROYAL GUARDSMEN PLUS THE LATEST GO-GO DANCER, MONDAYSj CINDRA (Sam, to Free Be ." her friends) DIRECT C Free Beer R FROM WASH., D.C. g 9:30-10:30 12:00-12:30 THURSDAYS Mini-Skirt R TUESDAYS Cont .Contest Harem Night April 6-11 One Week Only $25-1st Prize $2 5 Prize $10 for every contestant NO INCREASE. IN PRICE DUB S LOUNGE WOUaS 9HL 77ASNIV9 O0 HVMONOD NY oaos 9HL 77IAS2NIV9 JO HVY0IK09 aNV NOaOS VH -77IASiNIV9 90 HVYUO 

PAGE 19

HEADS INTO '70s Baseball In (EDITOR'S NOTE: In this first of several articles on the status of major league baseball, UPI Baseball Editor Fred Down examines the good. In the second article he will analyze the bad.) By FRED DOWN UPI Sports Writer NEW YORK -Major league baseball heads into the 1970s with the caliber of its play and its financial strength at all-time peaks. Whether baseball has lost its status as the "National Pastime" is a pointless quibble. More than 220 million fans paid their way into major league parks during the 1960s and they probably saw the most exciting decade in the game's history. A few critics long for the "good old day" of baseball but any realistic analysis reveals that they really were the "bad old days." GONE FROM THE scene are the little old unkempt parks with their narrow aisles, uncomfortable seats, inadequate parking lots, dirty rest rooms and pop-fly home run distances. In their places are gleaming new stadiums with wide aisles, comfortable seats, vast parking areas, clean rest rooms and more or less standard home run distances. Gone, too, is the old train circuit linking 16 teams in 10 cities with a northeastern boundary in Boston and a westem outpost in St. Louis. The sport is now truly national from a geographical point of view -even international considering Montreal -and its players travel first class by air and stay t the best hotels in every city they visit. Baseball rests on the most solid financial rock in its history thanks to a combination of television and corporation ownership. In the old days, there was no television and many clubs were owned by men who actually lived off the game. They had an identification with their communities which is lacking today but they often were forced to sell stars to pay their bills. Their teams became chronic weaklings and laid the foundation for such a dynasty as the New York Yankees enjoyed from 1921 through 1964. IT IS ESTIMATED that baseball has $40 million in television contracts this year compared to $6 million in 1960. That new money plus the corporation ownership of most clubs meanstthat weaker teas can hold onto their stars. This, in tum, has produced an era of competitive uncertainty dramatized by the New York fot 0pp., Urr PLEASURE E Met's rise to the world championship in 1969. Gone, too, are the old farm-bred players of baseball's pioneer days and the depression-reared players of the 1940s. The modem ball player is a business-man ball player. He is bigger and stronger and the product of a bigger manpower pool than his predecessors. He has the benefit of better coaching, he uses superior ihape equipment and he plays on better-kept fields. He keeps in shape the year 'round. He is more educated and knows baseball can make him a wealthy man. He has a player-pension fund which makes other athletes d rool and may make him goldbrick or play it safe at times. He has his faults -he can sound pretty greedy at times -but, all in all, he is a far superior athlete to the old-time ball player. Thud'y' April 2,1970, The Fi'c"'e"A*'"op"'^19 Pilots Downed, Brewers Toast SEATTLE (UPI) -The Seattle Pilots, a big league club plagued by money problems almost from the day the American League granted the franchise .14 months ago, passed into history Wednesday and surfaced in Wisconsin-as the Milwaukee Brewers. Federal Bankruptcy Court Referee Sidney C. Volinn, to whom the Pilots had turned for help from their financial woes, ruled Tuesday night that a $10.8 million offer from the Milwaukee Brewers to purchase the franchise was in order. Since the American League had voted approval for transfer of the franchise from Seattle to Milwaukee in a telephone conference call Monday, the moment Volinn gave his consent to sell the Pilots became the Brewers. Wednesday, Volinn issued the formal order for the sale of the club. A world where you can go about 250 miles on one tank of gas. And to fill it up only takes about $4.00. A world full of parking spaces you're not too big to fit into. A world of power that lets you pass up everything in your class. And a world of dependable operation where you can drive mile after mile trouble-free. Driving a Datsun is a whole new experience. really a whole new world of driving. Discover it! DISCOVER DATSUN POWER. A 96 horsepower overhead cam engine makes Datsun the most powerful car in its class. Goes 0-to-60 in 13.5 seconds. DISCOVER DATSUN ECONOMY. Initial lower price, up to 25 miles per gallon gas mileage and low maintenance costs make Datsun a value champ. DISCOVER DATSUN SAFETY. Ideal power-to-weight ratio, 4-wheel independent suspension and safety front disc brakes give you safe, sure handling under any conditions. DISCOVER DATSUN AUTOMATIC. For 1970, you can equip the Datsun Sedans and Wagon with a three-speed, fully automatic transmission for very little more. $193800 I'M GLAD YOU LET ME BUY THIS DA TSUN a new world of driving! GODDING & CLARK 115 S.E. 2ND ST. 378-2311 Discover Datsun's Full Line 4-Door Wagon 2000 Sports 1600 Sports Pickup Drive a Datsun, then decide. It's a sound move. 0 P.O.E. plus tax, tag, local freight, D. & H. 

PAGE 20

20. The Fkw~a Alligaser, Thuruday, Apra 2,1970 Pogp 20, The Florkla Aftw, Thuray, Apit 2, 10 BACK JULY 1 Kuhn Suspends Denny NEW YORK (UPI) -Painting a picture of star pitcher Denny McLain as a man who was duped "by his own gullibility and avarice" into thinking he was buying into a bookmaking operation, baseball commissioner Bowie Kuhn Wednesday slapped the Detroit Tigers' star with an half-season suspension. McLain, said Kuhn after a two-month investigation of gambling charges against McLain, was guilty of "conduct not in the best interests of baseball." McLain's suspension is until July 1, 1970. THE RULING BY the baseball commissioner was revealed by him to President Nixon on Tuesday, and Kuhn said the President had called the action "very fair." McLain, who won 31 games for the Tigers in 1968 when they won baseball's world championship, was at home in Lakeland, when the decision was announced. He has been under indefinite suspension since Feb. 19 while Kuhn conducted an investigation of charges made against him in a magazine. In general, Kuhn, himself a lawyer, found McLain guilty of two items of conduct in 1967: FIRST, HE BET on college basketball games on at least two occasions. The commissioner stressed that "there is no evidence to indicate that McLain ever bet on a baseball game involving the Detroit Tigers or any other team," and that "there is no evidence to indicate that McLain gave less than his best -effort at any time while performing for the Detroit Tigers." Jujitsu Meets The UF Jujitsu Club will hold its first meeting of the spring quarter tonight at 7 p.m. The class will last until 8:30. All past students are invited to attend. Membership will be limited this quarter to all past members and those who will be attending the springdand summer quarters and beyond. The instructor is Mason York, first degree brown belt. This is not judo nor karate, but Jujitsu. All persons who meet the above requirements and are interested in taking Jujitsu should meet in the south end of the gym at 6:45p.m. One-Sided BOSTON (UPI) -The Boston Bruins defeated the Toronto Maple Leafs by scores of 10-0 and 7-10 in the first two games of their Stanley Cup playoff. .youaw 9 liiening PLEASURE 'oil More serious was the second count -that McLain had turned over $5,700 to gamblers in the belief that he was buying into a Flint, Mich., bookmaking operation as a partner. Actually, said the commissioner, the deeply-in-debt Detroit pitcher was being played for a sucker by the gamblers. "WHILE McLAIN BELIEVED he had become a partner in this operation and has so admitted to me in the presence of his personal attorney, it would appear, in fact, that he was the victim of a confidence scheme," said Kuhn. LSU Drops The commissioner indicated that if McLain actually had become a partner in bookmaking, his judgment would have been harder. He compared the difference to "murder and attempted murder." In addition to the suspension, McLain was placed on probation by the commissioner, forcing him to make regular reports on his financial condition. Calling Denny "irresponsible," Kuhn said this was designed to keep him from falling into the kind of debt trouble that got him mixed up with gamblers in the first place. Hester, Pistol Pete Maravich BATON ROUGE, La. (UPI) All-American Pete Maravich of Louisiana State and his LSU teammate Danny Hester were suspended from school Wednesday for missing too many classes. LSU officials .said both players had been on attendance probation since last -semester, but will be eligible to reenter classesthis summer. MARAVICH SAID HE intended to resume classes as soon as possible. "Due to the pressures and demands made on me during the past two months, I've been unable to put forth my best effort academically," he said. "I take complete responsibility for my actions and regret that I'll be unable to finish my education this year. I plan to return at a later date." Maravich and Hester were both seniors majoring in business administration. SINCE LSU ENDED its season in the National Invitation Tournament in New York, both Hester and Maravich have signed pro contracts. Maravich, who scored more points at LSU in his three-year career than any other collegian in basketball history, signed to play with the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association. Hester was also drafted in the second round of the NBA draft by Atlanta, but he passed up a chance to join Maravich and signed instead with the Denver Rockets -of the American Basketball Association. COLONIZATION AM SMOKER Monday, April 6 for information Call: 372-0038 or 378-6568 after 2 P.M. First Round. KO HOUSTON (UPI) -Unbeaten heavyweight George Foreman knocked out Rufus Brassell of Limca, Ohio, in 2:42 of the first round Tuesday night with a left hook to the body. The jarring left sent the 199-pound Brassell to the canvas for the fourth time in the round although Earl Keel ruled Brassell slipped the first time. BRASSELL SAID AFTERWARDS, however, he was knocked down the first time by a right to the forehead which was actually the hardest punch of the round and the hardest he had ever been hit in his career. Brassell, who is 25 and ranked 10th nationally, suffered his third loss against 15 victories. The victory was Foreman's 18th in a row and 15th by knockout. The former U. S. Olympic Champ, 217 pounds, is ranked ninth by the World Boxing Association. Having a downer? Brighten up your picture. Union Print Sale April 1 & 2 11 to 9 Union Ballroom UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA GYM CLOTHES for Men and Women APPR( For MEN I GYM SHORTS I TEE SHIRTS I SWEAT SH IRTS I SWEAT PANTS I SHOES by Converse, Beacon Falls and Keds I SOCKS I SUPPORTERS DVED and REQUIREDSPECIAL PRICES NOW! TROPHIES and ENGRAVINGS For WOMEN FOR U BERMUDAS ANY AWARD I JAMAICAS 1 SHOES by Converse, Beacon Falls and Keds H AND BALLS S BLOUSES HAND BALL GLOVES I SWEAT SHIRTS I SWEAT PANTS FRATERNITY and SORORITY OUTFITTERS I SOCKS JERSEYS & UNIFORMS LETTERED AND NUMBERED ATHLETIC EQUIPMENT GOLF TENNIS EQUIPMENT I COMPLETE LINE OF EXPERT I RACKETS GOLF EQUIPMENT I PRESSES, COVERS I CLUBS, BAGS, CARTS TENNIS RACKET I SHORTS FOR MEN & I BALLS AND OTHER RESTRINGING -WOMEN ACCESSORIES I SHOES FOR MEN & WOMEN I LADIES DRESSES I TENNIS BALLS by PennNorth Central Florida's Vost Complete Sporting Goods Store Ws nia, Tre-Trn and JIMMIE HUGHES SPORTING GOODS 1113 W. UNiVERSITY AVE. PHONE 372-8212 
