
PAGE 1

apri3,1978 volume 70, no.106 UF tense over next year's funding By MELODY SIMMONS Algaterstaff Writer Menton the words "Florida Ugislature" to any UF administrator these days and the connotation automatically coining to mind is laden with grn overtones. For it is dollar signal that UF professors, deans and admlnistrators reflect in their eyes this time of year. especially with Tuesday's opening of the 1978 legislative session. I am optimistic about next year, but right now we have our belt so tight we cannot take it up another notch' --Cal VanderWerf BOAM OF Regents officials have requested a budget of more than $667 million for next year. UF administrators and deans, after struggling through this year with bare budgets, are requesting a large chunk of that btidget to fill crucial needs. UF departments were hit hard fal quarter when administrators overcommitted money for faculty salaries and had to resort to using dollars that should have gone to equipment purchases. That shift in the budget has haunted many UF deans and professor, especially in science-related programs, to the point that they now are threatened with canceling sections should extra equipment money not come in soon. R SOME professors, this legislative session will make or break the future quality of their courses. "Right now, we are threatened with closing down classes if we don't get the money," UF chemistry Professor Paul Smith said. "You just can't put that many students on one piece of equipment and expect them to learn effectively," he continued. "IN THE classrooms, we have lines of students waiting to use the lab equipment and as time goes on, the situation gets more severe. I wish we could get some of the legislators on this campus to show them how Iad it is," Smith said. Arts and Sciences Dean Cal VanderWerf said he would like to be optimistic about next year's appropriations, but the final outeome will be "anybody's guess." "I expect there to be the regular concern for higher education in the state, however. I am not optimistic that it will be a lot different next year. Money to do all that we want to do will not be allocated this year' --John Nottress The UF enrollment increases should be recognized by the proper allocations," VanderWerf said. "I AM OPTIMISTIC about next year, but right now we have our belt so tight we can not take it up another notch." he added, English department Chairman Ward Helletrom said he does not expect next year's budget situation to be "great" because of pest funding procedures. "I think the funding of higher education for the future is going to be bleak," Helstrom said. "There are so many demands on funds. 'THE DEPARTMENTAL operating funds are not getting much better and it is having an indirect effect on the students," he said. "I don't me any evidence that it will get better. Unrealistic terns, I don't me any relief," Hllarom said. What is it, then, that UF really needs and expects from the Legislature this spring? "MONEY," UF President Robert Marston quickly answers. (See 'Expectations' page seven) Conflicts push Barger fromUF health post By VICKI WEGLOWSKI Alligator Staff Writer See related story, page six. The man who directed UF's Student Mental Health Service for nearly 20 years and led it to national prominence has resigned in frustration. Citing the strife that has rocked the mental health service for more than two years, Dr. Benjamin Barger said Sunday he sent a letter of resignation to Student Health Service Director Richard Shaara just before the winter quarter's end. "I TOLD Dr. Shaara clearly that I would not be part of a divided mental health service," Barger said, referring to a plan adopted last month to divide the unit into separate clinical and community services. Barger said that plan will destroy the mental health program. "Everypne agrees that is a bad solution. It's just no way to run a mental health service," Barger said. "I've tried everything I could to keep the mental health service together but nothing has cooe of that." Officials have debated for two years which is the better direction for UF's Student Health Services -clinical or community. BARGER FOUNDED the community approach, which views psychological counseling in a preventive light and comuela students before they have major mental problems. Theolinical approach primarily serves students who already have mental problems The conflict began when Sheara demoted Barger from his position as mental healhservleaOe' torir InDecember 1976, placingemphasisn thechn al apprOch. Barger later was rehntted as a coedirector,-but the conflict worsened.dqpte the recas.-dans of tie UF Task (See 'Barger' page six) Budding Picasso Somedsy this artistic novceJiay be featuring her works in the Paris Louvre Museum. But until then, she must be content to practice her craft in places such as Golneaville's Spring Arts Festival. See related story page 15. ---------*1 I 

PAGE 2

2 allinmn. .mndoa. smmit 523 W monlayl capsu mews IN-thewldM Syria blames Israel for planting land mine DAMASCUS, SYRIA (UPI) -Sy ria charged Sunday that an Israeli unit crossed the Golan Heights ceasefire line and planted .i land mine in Syrian territory that killed 12 piople. including nine milars px'rsomnel. Israel nimesiatedenietthe chrge. Damascus said it%%is tholdiiig Israel responsible for the conseqinces ol te most virious reported truce% IolIition since the Syrian-Israeli disengagenit accord on thi' GOlan Heights after the 1973 Middle East war. It said it was lodging an urgent protest with the United Nations. whose forces oversee the accord. Pope wants f reedom for ex-premier Moro VATICAN CITY (UPI) -Pope Paul VI appealed publicly Sunday to Red Brigades terrorists to release former Premier Aldo Moro but denied reports the Vatican was already acting as a go-between with the kidnappers. 'We beseech you to free thw prisoner," the frail, 80-year-old pontiff said in an appeal from his window overlooking St. Peter's Square. Airport rivals hold mass rally in Japan NARITA, JAPAN (UPI) -Thousands of opponents of the new Narita airport held a mass rally Sunday to celebrate their attack on its control tower and warned "the lives of some travelers may be sacrificed' if the airport ever is opened. 'We gather here today not merely to meet but to explore ways to deal a damaging blow to the government, said Issaku Tomura' spokesman for the alliance of leftists, environmentalists and farmers opposed to the airport. U.S. policy may lift 3-year arms embargo WASHINGTON (UPI) -The administration is on the verge of a major arms policy shift that could help improve relations with Turkey, but complicate U.S. ties with Greece and Cyprus. According to published reports, the administration plans to ask Congress to lift the three-year arms embargo against Turkey. Carter visits Africa, condemns oppression LACOS, NIGERIA (UPI) -President Carter Sunday condemned the "evil and oppressive system of apartheid in South Africa," and said he is working to bring all parties in the dispute over black majority rule in Rhodesia to a peace conference in early May. "Wewill now move as quickly as possible to call together the parties who are in dispute in Zimbabwe," Carter said, using as he has all during his trip the Africa nationalist name for Rhodesia. CARTER MADE the announcement after nearly four hours of talks with Lt. Gen. Olusegun Obasanjo, head of Nigeria's military regime, on the third day of his visit to this powerful West African nation. Carter leaves Nigeria today for a brief visit in Liberia, then flies back to Washington, arriving tonight. He said the proposed conference, to be hosted by the United States and Britain, would aim at bringing together Rhodesian Prime Minister Ian Smith and three black leaders with whom he has reached an internal settlement plan for transition to majority rule; black guerrilla forces that have denounced the settlement; and black African states bordering-Rhodesia. CARTER'S NATIONAL security advisor, Zbigniew Brzezinski, told reporters that invitations for the meeting had not yet been issued, making it "premature to speak about Asked if h, could foresee Smith sitting down with the leaders of Rhodesia's guerlls forces, Brzezinski said, "I can't exclude it, but I would certainly not predict it at this stage." Carter told reporters after his talks: "We will begin now to explore the earliest possible date this can be accomplished. We and the British will act as hosts and we will encourage United Nations participation as well." THE TWO leaders, who worshiped together at the capital's first Baptist church before the talks, Sunday night signed a joint communique. They agreed Smith's internal settlement proposals for Rhodesia do not "change the ii legal character of the present regime and are unacceptable" because they do not include the patriotic front or guarantee a "genuine transfer" of power. Carter and Obasanjo condemned what they called the "evil and oppressive system of apartheid in South Africa" and pledged joint efforts toward "the elimination of this system and the establishment of justice, equality and human dignity for all races in South Africa." Isuck tCll Mi hi-, kockin'Piaio MONDAY F rut Iaigiiri 9i .00 100 S Mtn St '*376 6246 THI INGDPFsiDsNT FLORIDA AL AT106 .ia pbcvx.n Of COmps Communwaoon Incorpxosed. o pr-vts, non-prolst cor .h t s pVbshod five t dmw weekly .ud.ing June. July ond Augwo, -'woofisPubmhA SO6-6wW durng evdom hhdays nO em,,,lo,,Opno, e,,,lied ,n TM ,I. UUPU98I1 UWOSA ALLGATOR are wee o di.Or A. .of ,w rs o4heor 1liido. A 465PU .S.dby 1TM 6;-MENPLO" ~;;;OIL^d re e se, h cso Im "Mm@. d. nuow P oma a Gsas.Paso x 14M, knwarsit Seon. e90e-vile. ".ep.s.m ..6e o 3661 13,036*6-156*106 P0o B. IAWuS! reSerV* 0 jg oreek,,,e,,d., .e ., S4copU1s4.3 "3of5.' yav twomo w so um ar dimup oi L&Ume r rnwI A tighi is O ng,0of ay -WdIPW ss S @dE 1 0 -dvrine An. rypwaWhWia drmahs .4 ff ow ~ 0tmem "appe. atIs Wm Nmy TIA. maseAvin ws mebe-ov us-a le for m'WO tan 6e aAtWsVirso bsm if an adveritmem en Ch "Al f un "lo am, pgitltw 5a 4A PROFESSIONAL MANAGEMENT approach to student government experience, openness to all students and a dedication to Terry Brown Ron Jarnagin cdemic excellence.,*e TraurrPARTY is committed to these goals President r and to providing functional integrity to the University of Florida's student Holy F ito Chis miw government. Through lobbyingan Holly Foster Chris Kenward *"support of academic goals, Action Traffic Court Vice President con promote programs that the university administration cannotand will provide needed leadership to the entire university. ACIOIIiu pol. od. paid for by Action' [I ,Of y, prJUF "~ WI ooi e 4 U 

PAGE 3

or WE'RE FIGHTING UOR K2UR Lii* The American Heart Association f Sabine Music Center 0 We offer lessons on guitar, banio, 0 /mandoline, classical guitar and a /fiddle. We also have a wide assortment of stringed instruments and complete servicing for your Is stringed intrument. 'abine Music 505 N.W. 13th St. aieM scCcnYter 273-6.96 By BARRY KLEIN AlllgatoStaff Writer PENSACOL'. -The Board of Regents will examine an energy system proposal today that could save UF $3 million a year. In their monthly meeting here, the powerful nine-member education board also will discuss a possible building additon at Shands Teaching Hospital. If approved, the addition could mean dramatically increased rates for all of the hospital's patients. UF IS asking for $17.5 million to pay for its proposed integrated utilities system. The system will supply UF with 65 percent of its energy needs with double the present efficiency if completed by 1982, UF projections indicate. At a savings of $3 million annually, the system would pay for itself in less than six years. The proposal received a cautious endorsement from the regents last month in Tallahassee, but Vice-Chancellor for Planning and Budgeting Joe Stafford insisted it be put off until today for further consideration. A COALITION of Gainesville residents, led by Mayor Aaron Green, has called the energy system a "40-year reverAttention Artists Everything you need at Catalogue Prices. Make purchases on our STUDENT DISCOUNT PLAN. First Avenue Art Center 12 SW 4st Avenue Gainesville (904) 375-3795 sion to the past." The residents are upset over UF's refusal to consult the city during the system's planning stages and are worried about the possible environmental impact on the community. The hospital also is putting a proposal before the board today, seeking approval for daily rate hikes averaging $32.70 a patient. THE MONEY raised by the hikes will be used to construct a $41.2 million Patient Services Building. The hospital's existing patient services facility, largely the emergencyroom and hospitalstorage areasis "hopelessly inadequate," Hospital Director John Ives said. The hospital has a large number of unpaid patient bills, according to acting Health Affairs Vice President Ken Finger. If these bills could be collected, the hospital would have enough money to pay the construction costs. Hospital officials have asked the Florida Legislature for $1 million to complete the planning for the proposed construction. If approved by the Regents today, the two proposals will go before the Legislature for final approval sometime during the next two months. MONDAY SPECIAL LONDON BMOIL STEAK CUP OF SOUP SALAD BAKED POTATO or F. FRIES Litle Larry's 1225W. Univ. .ees.e.s-e.eeeeeeeeaeeaoas .. PHIL-NICK'S "A GOOD PLACE TO EAT" Take Out Orders --r.ing Sr ,kfas Lundh& Erly Dinner All kinds of sandwiches on white, rye and Cuban bread-lettuce and tomato F" on request. c.a.1spe9.eg4a,,,,,,,,.,,,,,.,,,,,,,,$1.55 Nos $peduls.Sesssel. Swls Tometeen C n Breed.1.5S MeetbelleeVeeler(s.91.35 Ca on ..1 4 Ieusuge&aPeppee,.1.55 neal eW TeTk Sui .e,.1.55 Complete Home Cooked Dinners (including salad, bread & buter) Losor m .. sp e e e.1.95 speIhetl& VeelPe melee 1.95 Speghett& aMeetbla.1.75 g pa .0.0 spo s boee se.**** Breakfast Special 2 eggs, grits. lules, toast, coffee.$1.0 Serst'g 518 lk4e-inV74M9Mesme.Url. 7Q-7 PH. Mel. 5. Set. 13.4M DOWNTOWN'S-FASTEST EATING PtACE Ii I hK --A, i -I --,., -, ;, : I , , , f , , -Tongewood residents may lose bus service By AMY FEDER Alligator Staff Writer High costs and pressure from other apartment complexes has prompted a UF committee to strongly urge the elimination of campus bus service to Tanglewood Apartments and Southwest 16th Avenue. An estimated $52,000 in losses annually and other apartments wanting the campus bus service extended has resulted in the elimination recommendation by the UF Parking and Transportation Committee. "IT WILL be pointed out that $70,000 is spent annually on that route alone, and we only generate $18,000 in bus pass revenue," said Bonnie Jones, parking and transportation coordinator at UF. A subcommittee formed in February will submit the formal recommendation for elimination of the route today, Jones said. A price increase from $8 to $12 annually for a campus bus pass also will be recommended by the committee, Jones said. A TRANSPORTATION study, conducted by the UF Division of Planning and Analysis and the Transportation Research Center at UF, found the bus route economically impractical in May 1977. The subcommittee was formed to find why the route had not been eliminated, Jones, a member of the subcommittee, said. "It was not feasible to implement immediately." she said. Jones said the subcommittee will be very strong in its recommendation for elimination effective Sept. 1. THE SUBCOMMITFEE'S recommendation is scheduled for presentation today at 3 p.m. in room 361 of the J. Wayne Beitz Union. The proposal goes from the Parking and Transportation Committee directly to Vice President for Administrative Affairs William Elmore for final approval. Jones said Elmore usually goes along with committee recommendations. "The fact that 30 percent of the decal revenue and buspass revenue went to that route does not justify the continuation of that route," she said. ONE BUS costs $30,000 a year to maintain and almost $200,000 is spent on the campus bus system annually, Jones said. I ---------------I Regents to debate UF utilities plan But the economic factor may not be the only thing to kill the route. Other off-campus apartments are requesting campus bus service because of the convenience it offers to student residents. "Other complexes want the same service, and because of the financial burden, there is no way to provide bus service to all the areas," Jones said. JONES SAID the committee is against campus bus service venturing into urban areas and competing with the city's Regional Transit System. "We feel we should confine our efforts to intracampus service. We are committed to provide on-campus bus service, not off-campus," she said. Regional Transit System Director Ken Patterson said regional transit would provide whatever services are needed in the Southwest 16th Avenue area. But to ride a city bus, it cots 25 cents each way as compared to 10 cents, or a bus paa, for the campus bus. WHILE MANY students may be forced to find alternate transportation to campus, the respective landlords may be forced tofind alternate ways of attracting tenants. "Cutting off the campus service will definitely hurt our rentals," said Ed Cooper, manager of French Quarter and the Village Park Apartments on Southwest 16th Avenue. EWALD HARTUNG, SEG and Tanglewood resident, is one of many students who rely on the route daily. He will fight the proposal at today's meeting, he said. "I can't see any sense in cutting off this service, and I plan to voice my opinion to the (parking and transportation) committee," Hartung said. 

PAGE 4

4, alligator, monday, aprdl 3, 1976ow EARLY MORNING ACCIDENT AT SOUTHWEST 26th STREET AND UNIVERSITY AVENUE ...more than 40 accidents occurred here Accident-plagued corner draws complaints from homeowners By TERRY GALVIN "Now it's too late to correct it and there is nothing th Alligator Staff Writer can be done," she added. "The road needs to be straightened, but that would mea Mildred Auth has a problem with her yard. While other tearing up our neighborhood even more and that's imposs ioni-owners who take pride in their lawns are fighting bie." church hugs and droughts, Auth has automobiles crashing GAINESVILLE ASSISTANT Traffic Director Brian Kanc through her hedge and skidding across her grass. ly Friday agreed "the ultimate solution is to re-align th Eleven cars have used Auth's lawn for a demolition derby road'' and said it was impossible. "The basic problem i the It years the "over 65-year-old" widow has lived on vehicles speeding. the corner of Southwest 26th Street and University Avenue. "The speed limit is 35, but most of the accidents occur AFTER YEARS of appearances at Gainesville City Cornnight when the traffic is not real heavy. People who a mission meetings and trips to Lake City's Department of eitlbr drunk or high on something just pile off the road, Transportation Office. Auth last year succeeded in having a Kanely said. 2-f(mut guardrail and yellow warning lights erected near her Kanely said he and the city traffic department have bee himi working for about five years on a design they say would he! At 1:20 Friday morning, however, Michael Wallace, a alleviate the problem -the one-way pairing of Universit visitor fromt St. Petersburg, managed to leap over the Avenue andSouthwest Second Avenue. guardrail in a 1970 Datsun and again destroy Auth's hedge. BUT AT a Jan. 16 public hearing in whiich Traffic Dire Auth said Friday she has repaired "hundreds of dollars" of tor Harry Burns.presented the plan to the city, Auth spol damage to her yard, but said the emotional stress of the at'against the proposed solution. clients csts her more. ,Auth said multiple lanes of one-way traffic on Universit "IT'S A constant worrynment, It saps me. I can't have Avenueaiear her home and Second Avenue would only i scmethtig like that happen to me at 1-t a.m. and just go crease the speed of the cars and the replacement rate if h back to sleep. We've had some people harass us for calling hedge. the police oi them. One time I thought they were going to The plan -originally designed to remove the traffic bo ci us.' Auth said. tieneck at the intersection of 34th Street and Universi '[tie problems is a small but surprising kink in University Avenue -was rejected by city commissioners, and t Ave'nue' between 22nd aicd 26th streets. When DOTbuilt the road through the residential area 25 engineers began to work on a more modest plan. ears ago, it threaded the street between existing houses and KANE.LY SAID the new plan designed to upgrade traffic took portions of several lawns. More than 40 accidents have signals in the area should be ready in a few weeks. occurred in yards belonging to Auth and her neighbors since, But the plan won't help Auth. Auth said. "I don't )ave any bones to pick with the cit or the DO "PEOPLE FOUGHT (the construction) like tigers aud except it was not right to build this state road through made trips all the way to Tallahassee for almost a year, but residential area," Auth said. tiey built it anyway," Auth said. "I just wish more people would be more careful." at in ilehe is at en .p ity ke it inker otity 'he ic )T Ia T see r V, .43 0 1 O-Kick off your spring by renting a n Horizon or Omni from Gator Auto We also rent vans, trucks, and all sizes of cars for all of your needs. GATOR AUTO LEASiNG 3535N. MainSt. 372-2561 Affiliated with Howeschryslr-PPymouth len unI e is,-inll do j Many brides like the effect of diamond rows and you will find them all in our collection. Single .double and triple row rings are yours for the choosing. from RIGISTUSD JEWU='t Amrican Members G"'*mi*t .s Miwa s n k iT l iQAWM WM FAGAN'S SURPLUS 50% & 20% off sole 1/2 Price Jeans and Jackets 20% off Camping Supplies 20% off Shoes and Boots 20%of Footlocker sole excludes knives & underwear All Sales final 511 S.W. 4th Ave. 376-4704 Open 9-5:3Q good people. BIG BOY -Frisch's near the Campus: 2035 N W 13th Street Now )I M) V14 a/4 I IL 

PAGE 5

TAKE A UAND, q AF RIEW4I with one -learning -ei RECRUITMENT hot -3ion TOMORROW! inW Dn Tues., Apr. 4 7:30pm "n.,, Carleton Auditorium Everyone Welcome! SAMSON symbolizes strength PEOPLE HELPING m--I Good eel Th KA s Yes, the. KA is bad$ The Shde-S MgAM Homemade Pizza *Sandwiches *Sube **~AAAA~h --**** ihas returnedl k f The O al Italian Sandwich The Cbn Bked Bens/Cole Slow Cheese Coke (plain and fruit) PLUS soo qw t ." The S.J. Hoogie OpeLLEY JEAN'Sam"M* 7 dAAy a wetk a~e~g,3.y4e Give a Little Bit of Your Love Corner brug Stor 378188 II S oll gotu m e a d s rifon e ~ This Spring, get involved of SAMSON'S service programs, Adopt-A-Gwandporeno. One-S Poisond ols Recmm Day Core Snia Detention-P -Tr.no ETC Tuarif .Pedatrics 0 Projec SLend-A-hond Athletic funding questions to be on student ballots By DAN MAJORS Aiigaritaff Writer The futue of the UF Athletic Association's annual $300,000plus chunk of student fee money may rest right where the money comes from in the first.place -the UF students Students can vote in the April 12 Student Government elections on two questions concerning athletics funding one that would advise the Student Senate on how students feel the fee money should be spent, and one that would dictate to the senate whether to fund the association. HONOR COURT Chancellor Dan Molloy said Sunday that both the referendum and the initiative concerning athletics funding are valid and will be-on the ballot for the students' vote., The funding referendum poses a "yes" or "no" question on whether as much as $324,000 in student fee money should go to athletics. The senate takes the voting results into considerationwhen making spending decisions. The initiative, however, is an actual piece of legislation that the students can turn into SC law. THE INITIATIVE states that "the University Athletic Association shall not receive the funds budgeted to it" by the Senate for the fiscal year 1978-79. Both the initiative and the referendum were the result of petition drives last we&. Each needed and received at ast 500 student signatures and were given to Molloy before the Wednesday midnight deadline. A third petition on SC constitutional revision, which would have cut the size of the senate, did not have the 3,000 signatures necessary before the midnight deadline. MOLOY SAID while the referendum only serves as a poll, the initiative will override al SG action on athletics funding. SC statutes, however, give UF President Robert Marston final veto power on all busset recommendations. In other elections action over the weekend, theSC election commissioners met to determine the order of candidates' names and parties on the ballot. SQElections Supervisor Josh Dubin said party officials gathered with the comahln-ers to draw nussnbers to deter. mine what names would appear where on the ballot. DUBIN SAID the Experience Party, which entered the race the last hour beforE the Friday qualifications define, drew the first position on alelectiemachinss. "The Action Party wiN be seond; Your Side sNeAers, third; and Friends Party drew the fourth spot," Dubin sad. "All Independentwill be slotted at the end." Dubin said the election copsnlmdon is to meet Tuesday night to decide whether voting maines willfhe positioned in the dormitories. "We can't really help one area without hurting another," Dubin said of the possible shift in distribution of the UFowned machines. In the past, voting machines heve been set up only at UF colleges. Fam--.*11. a. MNDWUC 4 H fta Macn 4 ~o b SMAL. 'UW4S. T .mE O u r. ..Mofh m pm hmn au Th -1ot uk .-n .2 uo, ',a sm.ls mw s .e Jmb a w na nd ho.*'d. nise SALADS .s. ..23I C. .. ZisM ..2.36 TChose0 ""c c -63 *4 * 66 doJ o Chd SW""...,.5 MA .ta ho.Ks c.Cote. .W .-. C .' ,.e ,.Jm.t. ohmpilmiff~onabodallwoto ..., ..1 I-b ws.Lnmt'eams .i ). .....50M 376m C s cd.c n.h. .ON s in a# wW opped -whkahaprmds.26 V.-U maw% afU somab Nb.opadAc Um, mm b. .s.19 A 01 0MI M OCOWL DS r .c. 2 fais wsmm OM vs .h5 s-I ...1.50 S356 ksiabd is. .36d I ..... 0 I t 4 

PAGE 6

6. llmmotor, mondw., mil2. 1978 Harncr (from p e oe) Force on Student Mental Health last year. THE TASK force recomrn ndaation wen ignored and the Student Health Advisory Board adopted a plan last month to divide the service into separate units so that opposing parties s ithin the service could avoid each other. Barger said he has "no illusions," however, that his resignation will resolve the conflict. -It hasn't made any difference if I were codrector or not. I bm% en't had any power for the last year or so," Barger said. SIIAARA SAID he has accepted Barger's resignation. which will be effective immediately, but that he hopes Barger can be persuaded to stay at UF. "I think this change will be helpful, and that It is in the be'st interests of everyone," Shaara said, adding that he has no present plans to replace Barger. Other UF officials were more upset with the resignation. "THIS IS really tragic. It is going to be a great loss to the university," said Assistant Dean of Student Services Phyllis' Meek, a member of the task force that investigated the mental health service last year. "I hate to see someone who has made such a tremendous contributions to the university as Dr. Barger have to leave under these circumstances. It is totally unneeded, and if the administration had made any effort to take any action, it wouldn't have happened," Meek said. "But with the lack of administrative action, this was no surprise. Anyone could have predicted that the situation would deteriorate," she said. DR. ROBFRT Buchholz, the clinical co-director of the mental health service, said, "I don't think the resignation will have much effect. The persons involved in (Bargersupported) community programs will continue with my suppoirt." Meek said she is concerned that if Buchholz resigns this summer as he has said he plans to, Barger's loss will be even more difficult to overcome. 'It's going to be crucial who is selected to replace Dr. Barger. That will show what direction the administration is going to take in regard to the mental health service," Meek said. VICE PRESIDENT for Health Affairs Ken Finger said Barger's replacement would be discussed at the Student Health Advisory Board meeting Wednesday morning and refused further comment until after the meeting Guaranted Perfect We are proud to he your new Keepsake Diamond Center.and to offer you a complete collection of Keepsake Diamond Rings.each one carrying the famous Keepsake Guarantee of perfection. Why Pay More. Why settle for less. aksk ee L Student accounts .-p : Welcome dIamond gO9eiV Visa-Master Charge Phone 373-KEEP American Expres THE OAKS MAIJ. @ (sAJI t SVII .1 -1. 11A DR. BENJAMIN BARGER .resigns Mental Health c6-directorship Barger said he hopes to have a position with another university lined up soon so he can leave UF by the end of the summer. "This is a sad commentary on the university," Meek said. "The saddest thing is that an overwhelmingly excellent and successful program has, because of administrative ineptitude, been destroyed. It is really tragic," Meek said. "The real victims of this, though, are the students," Meek added. Barge.'s future, program uncertain By VICKI WELOWSKI Alligator Staff Writer Twenty years ago, a young innovative and idealistic pro. fessor came' to UF with a new idea in campus mental health. Over the years. Dr. Benjamin Barger developed and directed a program of preventive mental health that won national acclaim and was named one of the country's top mental health services by the American Psychiatric Association and the National Association for Mental Health. "OUR MAJOR emphasis has been on preventive action in helping students deal with conflicts before they become full-blown emotional distresses," Barger said, "I'm interested in helping other people maintain their health rather than just putting them back together after they've fallen apart," he added. Barger's program became a nationwide model in 1973 when it was used as the first chapter of the book Mental Health on Campus. BUT IN the past five years since the mental health service reached its pinnacle of success and fame, Barger watched the program he developed come under unrelenting attack until its very survival may be unlikely. So Barger has resigned his directorship and said he hopes to be able to leave UF altogether in the near future. He said he has remained at UF throughout the years of harassment and personal attacks because of his hopes that personality differences would not be allowed to destroy the program he represented. BUT BARGER no longer has such illusions. His idealism shattered, he plans to leave his life's work behind with both the program and his own future undecided. He said Sunday he already has applications under consideration at four other universities, but has not yet heard any replies. Barger hopes to leave UF by the summeT's end, and hopefully before that, he said. The 58-year-old clinical psychologist first came to UF in 1959 after a distinguished career at Ohio State University. In seven years at OSU he rose from a position as an instructor of psychology to director of psychological services at the Columbus Psychiatric Institute and Hospital. He received his Ph.D. in clinical psychology from Duke University in 1952. DON'T WRITE HOME FOR MONEY (MAIN). USE THIS COUPON FROM STEAK" SHAKE: TIU FOOD TASTES GREAT AT STEAKJ('##tE. U We 

PAGE 7

0 00 0 0 Blue Denim & Khaki Jeans $12.9 All OtherJeans 20% OFF Wayne Rogers Shirts 15.9 Mens and Womens Short Sleeve Shirts 5.9 Summer Dresses 1.9 1122W. University Ave. OPEN 10-6 Mon-Sot. DONT FORR.verything's On Sojel Expectations I I I U I I I I a FREN FmIES SOFT DUNMK -9 VAUD OULT AFITR 2 PM GOODN.AP8s-, U,,' 2 NMI year," Nattren added. (from pWg0") Each universiy's budgetgasets are copiled by t*e repoats s", which wbrks with "Money for faculty salaries is our highest the unaesiypesdents in deciding just how priority ites," Marion said. much is ne dIn the various areas. "That is not to say that equipment and DFSfTE U' administrators" assurances library money Is not especially needed or Imfrom local legislators, Gainesville Regent portant. Our equipment needs are very Jack McGrif said he doesn't think the eight keen," he added. other regents are aware of UF's equipment Ut VICE President for Academic Affairs needs. Robert Bryan echoes Marston's legislative "I would say that the other regents are not priorities for UF, saying he, too, expects an aware of what UF needs," McGriff said. increase in salary and equipment money "But I think by and large that the Legislature from theLuegisature this session. -, is sympathetic in trying to get more funding "I can see that we need money for four for UF. Their general tone is looking main needs," Bryan said. favorable toward helping us." ,"We need an equitable salary arrangeLocal Rep. Sid Martin, D-Hawthorne, who ment, more library money, a chance to usually is "optimistic" about solutions to establish funding for centers of excellence UF's problems, said the state Legislature and funding for a oneshot support, or equip. would try to give each of the nine state ment, catch-up" he added. universities an equal share in funding. BRYAN SAID he is sure the Legislature -I PLAN to lobby and make sure that UF will allocate money for the center of exand the SUS get their fair share," Martin cellence and the university system libraries, said. but stated hehad negative "gut feelings" ."Vaam expecting a good, normal year, and about UF's other needs. I think the different deans at UF have gotten "UF has a fighting chance for everything," the message across to the administration this Bryan said. "I think the LAgislature is well in year as to their needs, and I believe that UF tune with our needs. I think we will get some will get a better allocation because they have relief this year, but I can't say how much." gotten the message across." he added. Bryan said UF and the regents are pushing Roy McTarnaghan, university system vice to get a special one-time allotment of about chancellor, said he is "highly optimistic" $11 million for the nine universities' equip' about the Legislature's budget allocations to ment budgets. Of that $11 million, UF is exthe university system for next year. pected to receive $6 million in an attempt to "I AM optimistic, but I don't think help replenish the depleted equipment supp. anything will happen until we have a new ly. Legislature, because I don't see how they can ACCORDING TO State University System promise funding increases and no new taxes budget requests, all nine universities will at the same time," McTarnaghan said. need more than $887 next year. That re'UF has.made a number of presentations quested amount is an increase of more than before legislative committees that were well $64 million from the current year's budget. received and good overall. I would say their UP's Interim Executive Vice President chances are good," he said. John Nattrese attributes UF's key problems "I detect a very favorable impression on to the increase in freshman and sophomore the Legislature as to what UF is saying on the enrollment. condition of their budget," McTarnaghan That increase, according to the funding said. formula, leaves a large money shortage for UF ADMINISTRATORS say they do not professional colleges because of the large intend to lobby in Tallahassee for their needs freshman class UF admits each summer and but have made numerous appearances before fall quarter. legislative committees in order to make their "'HE PROBLEM we have had is difficulrequests known. ty in the enrollment figures the Legislature "We usually leave the lobbying up to was using to fund us," Nattress said. "The regents' officials," Nattress said. "We intend problem is in the formulas. to monitor the legislative activities daily, "We want to get back to the point where though. we can allocate a reasonable amount of "I am notoptimistic that it will bea lot money back to equipment and expenses. We different next year," Nattress said. "Money are still tightening the belt there, but to do all that we want to do will not be hopefully it will not be as bad aslit was last allocated this year." I 

PAGE 8

.alligator, nda p ampil 3 1978 ediloriali Cry wolf It oni UF administrators could remember the stores of t he bo who cried wolf. Wht'n the crunch of the wolf's jaws really came do it o the skull of the lamb, no one was wre to help because of the lad's earlier false The crunch of an inferior education is now setting hard upon the heads of UF students. But despite the cries for more money by adininistrators to Florida Legislators, no brave souls are pushing hard for aid to UF because the cries of wolf have been coming for ears. but without ati substance to back t heis op. Legislators have not been told by professors tow difficult it is to teach basic cht'mistry to 600 (reshien in a space where 300 used to fit. No legislators have been guided through UF biolog labs, where advanced students stand three and four deep around the dilapidated microscopes, straining to learn the intricate details of microbial life. Few, if any, UF deans, department heads or top-level administrators have stood before legislative allocation committees and explained how difficult it is filling 100 faculty positions when no money exists to pay the salaries for those positions. Nor have legislators seen first hand the empty shelves in UF's nationally low-ranking library, outdated lab equipment in UF's College of Engineering, the paper-rationing UF College of Education or the six sections of basic economics where students learn from a television rather than a teacher. The lawmakers haven't seen or heard of UF's losing battle to provide quality education because they haven't been forced to. Lobbying for UF interests has been left to founder in the hands of state Board of Regents staff members. And while regents staffers futilely attempt to assign priorities for funding in their budget covering nine state universities, obstacles to giving the entire university system enough money grow higher each day. Businessmen seeking mui-million dollar tax breaks for new industry are wooing legislators' votes with fat campaign contributions for reelection bids. Lobbying coalitions for secondary education are brandishing I11th-grade functional literacy tests and headlines screaming of the 37 percent failure rate to attract dollars for pkblic schooling. Even Senate President Lew Brantley, DJacksonville, predicts little controversy and a short session since lawmakers eager to hold their posts aren't likely to rock any boats. It looks like UF administrators aren't willing to rock any boats either, though they should, They seem content to sit back in Gainesville "monitoring" the Legislature, crying an occassional wolf to the press, and hoping for the best. At least that's the word we get from UF interim Executive Vice President John Nattress. Nattress and his colleagues must act more strongly than they speak and must lobby personally long and hard this spring for UF's dire needs. If UF's top brass can't reveal the hard facts about their economic plight, they must be willing to accept the same response the little boy received. If administrators and deans aren't willing to take the, extra -elop t bring quality education here, then UF wIll deosve its ranking many notches below our nation's best schools. Crying wolf is fine, but legislators won't listen unless Nattress and company produce a rtal wolf S9 opinions 'A l, "t Y vwwmm advice and d Literacy test, standards needed for high-school diploma 'credi bi lity' FDITOR: I am writing in response to your article of March 28, "NAACP, local educators brand literacy test 'biased'." In that article Charles Chesnut contends that the literacy test is flawed by a "cultural bias .not in terms tf black and white but between urban and rural students, with urban students getting the short end of the stick." If this argument is not actually a smoke screen for a charge of racial bias, then Mr. Chestnut should demonstrate that the performance of white urban students on the test has been inferior to that of white rural students. If that is not the case, then his argument needn't be dignified with a response. In the same article, UF educator John Gregory states that the literacy test should be invalidated for the following reasons: I. These 11Ith-grade students, who are seeking a high school low am ator Andrew Froman Editor-in-chief Robertivas Managing Editor Dennis Kneale News Editor Dave Hodges Assistant News Editor Dave locompo Sports Editor John Sisen Inside Editor synn Ko~e Opinions Editor Sill Wax Photo Editor Robert Ariail Art Director Doecy Landy Wire Editor Melissa Williams Layout Editor Lauren Stoddard Layout Editor C.E. barber General Manager Mrs. Evelyn Sest Administrator Anne Simpson Bookkeeper Guy Hudspeths Operations Manager Gordon Reeves Advertising Director Donad Holbrook Production Supervisor Acey Harper Production Supervisor ElainePtIllo Advertising Assistant Katrineoanches Classified Manager LyleAsk Credit Manager Ho7ryontevldac Accountant Publis hed by Campus CommuniCations. Inc. P.O. Box 14257 University Station, Gainesville, Florida., Office behind the Collegeinn, 1728 West University Ave. Classified Advertising: 376-4446; Retail Display' Advertising: 376-4482; Newsroom: 376-4458; Production: 373-9926; Business Office: 376-4446 diploma, failed the test because they were unsuccessful at transferring their answers to computerized answer sheets-a third-grade skill. 2. That the students failed to perform 6th-grade level math problems because of the unfair 8th-grade level of their wording. 3. That "we'll see a decline in education" because teachers will concentrate only on enabling their students to pass the literacy test. It is my contention that the ability to match answers with a computerized score sheet, to perform 6th-grade level math problems, and to read at the 8th-grade level is embarrassingly little to ask of students about to graduate from our public schools in the first place. The decline in education which Professor Gregory fears has, in fact, already taken place. One of the major causes of this decline and of the present woeful condition of our educational system, is that educators like Professor Gregory no longer see a need for standards of any sort to insure that our schools are getting the job done. Eliminating the literacy test would spare the educators further embarrassment over the condition which they have been instrumental in bringing about. The victims of this irresponsible attitude are today's 1Ith,graders. Every possible effort should be made to-enable them to pass the present 8th-grade level requirement. In hy event, the literacy test should be upheld as a minimum standard below which we will not allow our school system to slide. When the point is reached at which this standard is met, the job will only be begun. The next step should be to raise the level of the literacy test each year until I Ith-grade students are again expected to perform at the 11Ith-grade level. Only then will a high-school diploma regain respectability as representing some sort of meaningful accomplishment. Howard Skillington Letters policy The Alligator welcomes opinon onlin. and letters to the editor. All manuscripts must be: "Typed, double-spaced, onea 60-character line. a Signed by the author. Names may be wiis sd frot Publication if the writer circles his or her non., writes withhold name" by the signature and provides a good reason for withholding the name. Send columns and letters to -All'gtor0 inioa Editor, Box 14257, Gainesville 32601," or drop them by The Alligator, 1728 West University Ave. Letters not t"ped double spaced on a 60 spce line can not he printed. U , ..=1. 

PAGE 9

allirtokmon, 409 9 0mhz System not given 'fair chance'. EDITOR: This is in response to Mr. Dennis Kneale and the majority of University of Florida students who actually believe that the Greek system is a crutch for the lonely and Insecure. If this article was published to try to attain some kind of Greek response. then it has succeeded in doing so. I would like to make it known that Kneale was incorrect on almost every facet of Greek life he mentioned.' Kneale begins by saying members of fraternities and sororities are pleasant to be with when they are few in number, but when they cluster together things start getting obnoxious. I am sorry to have to point out that this is true when many large groups socialize. These large groups include dormitory floor parties, social religious gatherings, club organization socials and many more. He next picks on the typical conversation used at a Greek rush party such as "What's your name?". "What's your major?" and of course "Where are you from?" I'am sure many will agree that these lines are used anywhere when first meeting new people in an unfamiliar environment. He calls these questions downright stupid so maybe it would be more intelligent for Greeks to ask "Are you married?" or to talk about the foreign policies of Mozambique. Believe me, there is plenty to talk about during rush if one spends more than three minutes in a Greek house. The conversation is more interesting than just the formalities of introduction. Kneale proceeds by saying Greeks prey upon loneliness to keep their structures alive by making huge promises to rusbees. Wrong again! Loneliness nor insecurity is a qualification for receiving an invitation to join any Greek organization. Greeks rush people who they feel will help their organization be it in sports, service or academics. "If you're not Greek, many Greeks want little to do with you," says Kneale. This he calls a blessing for himself. However, his statement may or may not be true. A Greek can respond in self-defense by saying "If you're Greek, many independents want little to do with you." A blessing in, return! He also fantasizes that every Greek member is close friends with each and every one of his brothers or sisters. Not everyone can be best friends, but people learn to live with one another and respect others as a part of the Greek process. This growing experience is an aspect of college life EDITOR: I cannot, and would not, make the mistake of lumpimg all "Greeks" together as Mr. Kneale did in another scathing Alligator expose March 31 ("Greeks are Crutch for Insecure and Lonely"). I would, however, like to respond to that article from my own fraternity experience and for fraternity and sorority people and situations I have come in contact with. Mr. Kneale, a talented writer who must dip his pen in snake venom, accuses fraternity and sorority members of being "inane imitations of social gadflies," "pimples," "profitprone socialites," and various other fair, unbiased, clearly thought-out adjectives. IT WOULD be wrong to attack the other living arrangements on and off campus -the expensive hermitage o f apartment life, the juvenile, claustrophobic dorm life -in the same terms. I don't find it as easy to attack a whole range of different kinds of people that chose these life-styles as Mr. Kneale does, nor would I want to. Sweeping generalizations, especially based on an unfamiliarity wits the subject at hpnd, are irresponsible, and in this case. malicious journalism. It is hard to begin to answer the accusations of Mr. Kneale's article. During fraternity and sorority rush, most members pledge because they either like the people, the social life, the study benefits, the service projects, or the idehlism fraternity life offers -or the. fact these is a combination of all -these aspects. They pledge, not because they're lonely and insecure, but because they are looking for something a little bit different and a little bit rnore meaningful than what they have find in their dorm or apartment. that can only be found in the Greek system. It certainly does not exist in dormitories. Once again he has failed to mention the true friendship a fraternity or sorority can offer. How many independents can honestly say they have 80 close friends at this school?! I'll leave the definition of 'close friend' to the reader. I disagree totally with Kneale. I feel the good factors greatly outweigh the bad factors when dealing with the Greek system. Contrary to popular belief, it is cheaper to eat and live at a fraternity or sorority than toeat Servomation and live on campus. It is also true that they are the first to offer a hand for charity and service projects. Furthermore, they offer great social programs without disturbing one's AT.'. / W.V."'----.---I There is no "typical horny frat man" or typical anything in fraternities and sororities (just, I am sure, as there is no "typical dorm geech" or "typical apartment rat"). Fraternities and sororities enjoy the fact that they can be different types of people, be their own person, and still enjoy a closeness, a friendship, a sharing of experiences. CERTAINLY, FRATERNITIES and sororities have drawbacks; every living arrangement on campus does. But not all lifestyles offer the charity and service work, the opportunities for enjoyment, entertainment and enrichment that I find rewarding and worthwhile. I am not suggesting that Mr. Kneale would find the same thing, or that the "Greek" way of life is for everyone. I am asking that my membership in a fraternity be respected and appreciated for what it is: something I and other people find important and tight for me, not necessarily better than other campus lifestyles, but certainly no worse. Having worked for the Alligator writing film reviews last quarter, I was happy to find that the attitude toward accepting fraternity and sorority writers for the paper had changed. Previously, when I worked for the paper my sophomore year, my "greek" status was a stigma and a constant irritation.to the members of the staff, so much that I was politely asked to quit work as a staff writer there. I guess that the irrational blind distaste for fraternities still persists. It is unfortunate and unfair; I hope (as Mr. Kneale's article was entitled "Staff Writing") that his opinion is not one shared by the Aifigaeiq staff, lest they revert to the cliqueishness and ignorant prejudice fhey have been guilty of before. Doug Molloy, I LW social endeavors. Greeks also receive help from one another; especially in academics. Again, it is true that the overall Greek grade point average is higher than the overall university grade point average. Once again someone has failed to destroy the Greek system throughhis impartial beliefs. Many people reject the Greek system simply because they are not wanted by a house;others never really give it a fair chance. 'The Greek system can offer what the individual can not attain alone. No, the Greek system is not a crutch for the insecure and lonely. Nathan Slaff, 3AS .clubs offer academic help, community service, friendship 4. -"V 

PAGE 10

10. alligator, monday, april 3, 1976 Legislators make spring (green) in state's capital By BARRY KIIN Alligator Staff Writer 'LI.AtAHASSEE -IHotels antI motels are boiked up solid, downtown is a nearly in. navigable stream of btiumper-tit-bmper trath< nd the Chamber of )mmerce ctuld not hme happier It is pringtime in Tallahassee mid fhit licislatrs are cming to tit liNo cit in Fhirid.: takes litanima Irites f spring quiite' iriiskIt is ie tatv, % ipital IN t197677. hieiiim ars i)fthe lt tlirila I tgislature piried an est imated $12 million (,f ee ti t '1'Tllahiassee ciifters, Ji)tt Nf rinagent ( mtteeVtisticsrevalvd T his monv% received im fthermof large restaurant cl(iiks.ittid iutrigeous hiitiel prison nsti lude the tillii>s brought m by fitlitiby ists who swatmp the cits even kigisliti ci sessiini Theiir tiotits ig wt h the mony spent I legislative aides tid staff, tipped the actial total closer to $17 million -a gitda reasi why t'aahassee restaurant and hotel awntrs ire smiling this time of year. TALLAHASSFI: CHAMBER of Commerce representative John Merrick called the two-month legislative session "an annual godsend." "This year looks even busier than usual with a new Capitol and all." Merrick said. "People itay have to find hotels and motels a little way from tie city if they plan to stay for aily length of time.'' The ne $43 million Capitol building is itideed attracting tourists to Talfahasiee. Largi groups tnstantly gathered around the iiitx)ing Capitol., gawkmtg at its 22-stitry suiminiit. Tei' Tallahassee residents are not entirely ieft ottfiftie show either. The annual Springtime Paride, complete with floats, dancing in the streets and free foosd and drinks. kicked off a weekend celebration Saturday that is scheduled to end with the opening of the legislat ive session on Tuesday. And even Old Sol is playing along. heli afternoons have been a steady 80 degrees and forecasts prihieit more of the same through Tui'sday. Woman wakes up, bites burglar A burglar was driven from the home of and trying to grab her around the mouth or Fritzi Olson late Friday night after Olson bit throat. him on the hand. Olson, of 517 SW 12th St., told the police Olson bit him and he ran, taking money she awoke to find someone holding her hands f rom a purse. OH,THE JOYS OFDEIGA GOOD OL' DO! As the new South grows, some things change and some things don't.Good ol'boys keep what's good and change what's not.Their Rebel Yell is very, very good -definitely a keeper. Folks in other parts have to play finders keepers for this fine bourbon is made and sold only beneath the Mason-Dixon line. Southerners drink to that. Drink to that with Rebel Yell, host bourbon of the South. Je ffersn S Davis to his office as President of the Confederacy in Montgomery, Ala. He served one term. Place 12 slightly torn leaves with stems in a 12 ounce glass. Add 2 teaR B spoons of water and" oneof ana Fill the (tf4,,IJ f L glass wl ithlnlyq"4I cracked ice, a 2 The boll weevil 7 ounces of Rebel Yell forced Southerners and stir. Addinore to do things iceandtgarnaoh besides planting DEEP~' with mistlves. and pickingcotton. E P Then savorthej oy It was bound to of your mint jlip. happen anyway. Relsl Yell Distillery -out'vil-,' Kint uiky 90 Proaf -Kentucky Straight BIoorbon Whiski-Y THE GO00CI,3D 5'U M MO EDUCATION COLJEGE COUNCIL AND FOUNDATIONS DEPT PRESENT THE ANNUAL JW NORMAN LECTURE SERIES FEATURING DR DONALD MIECHENBAUM MON APR 3 10 AM NORMAN AUDITORIUM I Cuong Nhu Karate Center R is Now offering a NEW BEGINNING CLASS taught by MASTER NGO DONG Tuesday and Thursday Register April 4th-I3th -or9:00-10:30am $15 Monthly Tuition 7:00-8:30pm g809 West University 378-4172 a~emee::exutex &_WWIx C ~' 1 Wa-57 Was $5.75 Now $3.15 Fashion top 02028 Melon knit top with of thewek specialladies'cut ECCampsShop *6&BookPstore Vir 

PAGE 11

______ _____ _____ _____ _____ _____ogotocr, monday (we' 3, l~I Many battered women find that once they decide to save themselves from further abuse, they hav nowhere to go. The Sexual and Physical Abuse Resource Center is opening a shelter for these wromen and their children, but they need your help to furnish it. Highway mishap If you have household items, Emile Fougnie of Michigan overturnthe trailer received $200 in damages. clothing or toys you can ed his trailer Sunday morning when his He was driving from Orlando to spare. please call car was forced off interstate Highway Michigan. "We were going slow and somebody cut me off. I started sw75, 15 miles south of Lake City. Fougnie inging back and forth -then landed 377-IRA PI and his wife Rose were uninjured, but here," Fougnie said. or 377-TALK to arrange pick-up date and time. HOLD THE PRESSES!: The deadline for inPURE KOSHER: The Jewish Student tramural fraternity tennis, engineering Union will have a meeting and dance tonight league softball, co-rec softball, law league at 7:30 in rooms B-74 and 75 of the Union. softball, women's badminton and married HAMS: The Gator Amateur Radio Club students' racquetball is 5 p.m. Tuesday in will meet to elect officers tonight at 7:30 in room 227 Florida Gym. room 405A of Weil Hall. MAKE THAT OFFICIAL: The inDOUBLE RUSH: Delta Sigma Pi will tramurals department is sponsoring clinics have two rushes this weekthe first April 4 in today for people wishing to officiate at sport room 102 Matherly Hall, the second April 6 events. The soccer clinic is at 5:30 p.m. and in the Piccadilly Apartments clubhouse. softball at 7 p.m. in room 222 of the gym. Both begin at 7 p.m. ENGINEERS: The Environmental CICERONES: The Florida Cicerones will Engineering Student Organization will have meet Tuesday at 4:30 p.m. in room 123 of EXPERIENCE THIS a meeting Tuesday at 6:30 p.m. in the conthe Union. SUMMER IN ference room of Black Hall. GAYS: The Gay Men and Women's Rap OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY: A covered Group will meet today at 7:30 p.m. in room dish supper sponsored by the Student Oc311 of Little Hall. cupational Therapy Association will be held THE MASTER RETURNS: Registration at 6:30 p.m. today in the Brandywine Apartfor a beginning class in karate will end April ments clubhouse. 12. The class, taught by Master Ngo Dong, BLACK ENGINEERS: The Society for will meet Mondays and Wednesdays in the Black Student Engineers will meet April 4 at basement of the gym. Call 378-4172 for 7 p.m. in room 320 of Weil Hall. more information. SAIL AWAY: The Gator Sail Club will ENTERTAINERS: Drycellar auditions have a general meeting tonight 7:30 p.m. in will be conducted at 8 p.m. April 4 in RawlWilliamson Hall's Bless Auditorium. AN EXCITING OPPORTUNITY TO SPEND 8 INSPIRING WEEKS ings basement. EUROPEAN HANDBALL: Team handIN ISRAEL AT THE LOWEST POSSIBLE PRICES EVERIIIIII WOMEN: The National Organization for ball. the No. I indoor sport in Europe, will Women will have a membership meeting be introduced to UF Tuesday from 5 to 7 including: April 3 at 6:30 p.m. in room 355 of the J. p.m. in the gym. Wear sports clothes if you 2 1/2 weeks tour with distinguished Intellectual and Wayne Reitz Union. want to try it out. political leaders weeks of service In a development town or kibbutz with o Is Y o u r social activitiesW hIsY u 10 days of free time at home base or any other living arrangement of your choice REGISTRATION DEADLINE: April 10th CALL HILLEL 372-2900 FOR MORE INFORMATION 16 NW 18th Street Meeting TonIght TEACHER Ii$ The C ge Of Buejuies Administration Vote Mond and Tuesday infron of Melherly .o f o re er of e YewA Election. PrOOIF Of CWrTW4 &Msnens A~diitatio Required. 

PAGE 12

0 I NOWW OPEN Dully %93 WSun* U14.Sala. Stats We& April 3rd Thru atmApri It -----------SURFBOARD-AGIVE AWAY Plus MEN'S -WOMEN'S HAWAIIAN TROPIC TEE SHIRTS Name Add~rrSALE STARTS MONDAY -APRIL 3rd ENDS -SAT.APRIL 8th City Ph. That's right Fill in this entry form and bring it to K-mart for your chance to win a beautiful new surfboard. DRAWING WILL BE HELD SAT. APRIL 8th Get A Natural Hawaiian Tan! WAig ROYAL TANNING BLEND our Reg. 4.27 2.97 Created especially for the serious sun bothers. keeps your tan dark, soft and moist, helps resist flaking and peeling. No sunscreens. There's a Hawaiian Tropic lotion, oil or gel for every type of skin. DARK TANNING LOTION our Reg. 2.57 1.97 For your beginning tan ...Light sunscreen, promotes a healthy dark base and keeps skin "'Sun-conditioned." There's a Hawaiian Tropic lotion, oil or gel for every type of skin. SUPER SIX SUNTANNING SELECTION Luxurious tanning oils, gels and lotions for every type of skin for the beginning tan through the finished dark, dark ton. VITAMIN E ALOE our Reg. 3.47 2 67 Use after showering or at night. Helps hold your ton, stops sunburn pain, moisturizes. A unique wuw blend -gel from the precious aloe-vero plant, cocoa butter, oils of mink, avocado and lanolin. SUN SCREEN PROTECTIVE GEL For fair and sensitive -skin lets tanning W A "Werd* rays in, screens out burning rays. out. Reg. PROFESSIONAL TANNING OIL our Reg. 3.47 2.67 A rich blend of triple rich tanning oils to be used after the tan has started for the ultimate in dark tanning. No sunscreens. There's a Hawaiian Tropic lotion, oil or gel for every type of skin. Ac DARK TANNING OIL our Reg. 2.57 1.97 For those who tan easily.a rare blend of protection oils, gives a dark healthy. ton. Light sunscreen. There's a Hawaiian Tropic lotion, oil or gel forever type of skin. I s ----------------------------------------------I 

PAGE 13

ol=gat r, monday qrIl_3. 19a 7 The Apartment e For Yout FEATURING Superb Location-Only 25 Yards From Campus Fully Furnished Apts. e Individual Leases Control A/C Wall to Wall Carpeting Swimming Pool RENT TODAY AND SAVE $ Effective May 1. There Will Be A $10 Individual Monthly Increase Affecting All New Rental Agreements. Avoid The Increosel Make Your Summer & Fall Rental Arrangements NOW. 1231 S.W. 3rd Ave. 372-3557 The Moiiday Spoecial With any pizza served in our parlors at NW 39th Rd. and SW 13th St. (voids other offers -not good on 8" pizza) Campus Westside O376-2487 *IRV0 0 ge378-24.1 tk IZZAMAN Arch., td. I 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 00 0 0 0 0 *.0 .0.*0 0 00,*0 State looks to move for boost in economy By JAYNE THOMPSON Alligator Staff Writer The Florida Commerce Department wants to bring the lights, camera and action of the movie and television industry to Florida. Florida's Economic Director Ben Harris will spell out the benefits of the film industry to Gainesville's government and business leaders at 9 a.m. Tuesday at the Chamber of Commerce, 300 E. University Ave. IT IS part of out-going Gov. Reubin Askew's recent pitch to attract the motion picture industry to the Sunshine State to broaden its narrow, tourist-dependent tax base. The Commerce Depart' ment has been encouraging the film industry in Florida for several years because movie and televison productions would boost the state's economy. "You have a motion picture produced in your community and they (members of the film industry) spend millions of dollars buying goods and services." Gainesville Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Chuck McKeown said. 'THEY JUST don't come in here and subsist on nothing" and "import everything they need." Local government and communities can benefit from motion picture productions, said Harris, who helps movie and television producers find talent, locations and facilities throughout Florida. Through the effort of the state and the non-profit Motion Picture and Television Association, many films have been shot on location in Florida. A SCENE from the 1972 Hollywood production of The Naked Ape in Gainesville lured more than 200 UF students to act as extras for S15 a day. Most of the love scenes of Desmond Morris' bestseller on the evolution of mankind were shot in Florida. Producer Zev Bufnsan chose the UF campus for the scene of its "typical" ivy-clad college setting. Other Hollywood productions shot in Florida include Black Sunday and Si'niTough both fIlmned, in Miami and scenes from Jaws and jewsIt were shot in Fort Walton Beach. I 14 k 

PAGE 14

aat : g a "A aio ---aa ---aa --A 1 Z V. a A o' I i I p Ed d I3 Ab~1 Tot| 1! ;Z o fI a No~ \J rac k d ~4 0. Al/ t: 94; I II 4-i 9 i R i R ili;;J ss a as a a s* *si*as a *n e !FWiaisilikIIlIlijs 5 j8jI S PAgiiltfill I I 0 o *0 ir 

PAGE 15

The Monastery By MARK JOHNSON weekend Aigator Staff Writer Monaster dubbed. Edna Charles had a dream. Monks, three piano an on a side, playing tug of war. Wall Str "In the beginning I didn't understand it," bats and Edna said. "but now I realize the Lord had it and doing all planned for me." featured EDNA BELIEVES the Lord planned for walking her and her husband Jesse to attend the Ninth out of ste Annual Spring Arts Festival Saturday and "He i Sunday where 300 artist displayed their step," Ed crafts. She also believes the Lord pa nned for It shows, them to bring her wire, wood and cloth creamonks p tions. Even planned for brisk business. moat of"t Edna is a born-again Christian. Jesse s a live In ca Jew. Together they specialize in monks -od. I'v six-inch-high robed figurines resembling Star in their h Wars sand people as much as religious "LET' devotees. Edna makes them, Jesse sells them. nothing A good life. saw a m "We have a trailer," Edna said. She and arguedher husband live in Fort Lauderdale. "This she ough pays our way, pays the bills, and we have out very somefun, too." Jesse is THE MONKS are popular. Most everyone "Some walking down Northwest First Avenue this them," h aiu 3kw iaw.am# & 19M is stopped for a laugh at "The y," as the little monk market is There were monks playing the d saxophone, monks reading The eet Journal, monks with baseball fishing rods, monks drinking wine ig macrame.One cloth sculpture three monks reading Bibles and in procession followed by a fourth, p. reading Playboy. s physically and mentally out of dna said. "There's a meaning there. even monks are not perfect. I have raying and saying grace too. But hesn ar showng that the world we in distract us and turn us away from e seen even priests without true faith arts. S FACE it -it's showmanship and else," Jesse said. "People say, 'Hey, I nonk walking down the street.' I with my wife for three months that t to do this. We did it and it worked well.". proud. shows don't know how to judge he said, "so they list her as 'monks.' Nobody haa copied her work or done anything like it. A lot of people are collecting. They keep buying them and adding to their collection. We keep raising the prices so the value will appreciate. They were originally about $10; now most cost $20. "PEOPIE FIND joy in them because they can relate to them." Jesse said. "They buy them for friends, relating to their occupations or hobbies. They become very sentinental for people." They started with a dream seven years ago. "My first vision," Edna recalled, "was of rponks having a tug of war, three on each side. I thought, 'Oh, how hilarious.''And I made that tug of war sculpture several times. EDNA STARTS with a wire armature and cardboard filler. Then she soaks the cloth in a secret resin and drapes it around the armature. She bakes the figurines for several hours and puts them in the sun. Jesse spray paints them black, then brown, and Edna applies the finishing brush strokes. Jesse cuts, rounds and sands the wooden bases. Edna makes the little flat feet out of masking tape. "It takes three to four days per monk,. Jesse said. "She can do 10 to 15 a day, but it .a.and his wIfe's wire, wood and cloth creations. o ann halfield still takes three or four days to do them." And Edna has done a lot of monks. "BE'WEEN FOUR and five thousand," she said nonchalantly. "I do about 10 shows a year, and 1 sell around the holidays. I ship and mail them out. It started off as a small thing, for gifts and so forth. But when I entered my first show, I got the fever. I started off in the kitchen, then took over the garage. I made the garage into a monastery. with arches and a crucifix." But she found God only two years ago. "1976, Jan. 28, 10 a.m.," Edna said. "I was watching the 700 Club, rhe Christian 'broadcasting network. I was sick in bed.with the flu. Normally I wouldn't watch TV, and when an evangelistic show came on I said, "Oh, no. a religious show," and almost turned it off. BUIT I didn't. The evangelist asked just two simple questions: 'Do you think you are right with God? Are you sure you're going to heaven?' I thought so, but I wasn't positive. "He said, 'Wherever you are, get on your knees and pray with me.' I had never done (See 'Monks page 16) ENGINEERS Gulf Oil Corporation, a majorenergycompany, has job openings for all types of graduating engineers who are interested in building career in crude oil and gas producing A operations. Duties include drilling, equipment installation and maintenance, subsurface reservoir studies, economic evaluation of producing properties, well stimulation and reconditioning, and enhanced oil recovery operations. Individual development courses will be provided, including outstanding oil and drilli instruction. Positions are located in GuJffoast, Mid-Continent, Rocky Mountain, and West Coast, areas. Excellent employee benefits. Please send resume to: J. R. Ligon, Jr. GULF OIL EXPLORATION Gulf & PRODUCTION COMPANY Sec. E. P.O. Drawer 200 Houston, TX 77001 An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F Cati V -~ -a Tf ea Ho u'Se The Finest Chinese Restaurant Every Monday Specials a Lunch: Moo Goo Chicken,.$2.50 Sliced Chicken Breast Stir Fried with Mushrooms and Chinese Vegetables Light and Tasty Served with Rice and Hot Tea Dinner :W uC hi ShrimpBalls. $5.95 Freshly Chopped Shrimps, Tenderly Seas Served with Egg Flower Soup, Chinese Vegetables, Rice and Hot Tea 3226 S.W. 351h Blvd. Buer Plza 372-7772 I I A O IU'IR11W-1 wana -ShSI What can you do with only abacheloras No w ee Is a way tobridgataWWapbtwean a uerruateucatlon and a chalengngeaponalbl career. Tha lawyerss Asaltant Is Wle to wsor treadi tWaly done bylawyera. Three ,t"I1OI ,S o nSe training can t akills-the couraea are tauht by wy ouchoo ona of thew aon couraea offeredth city In whic you want to work. Since9", The Intitute for Paraegal Walninghas p-amed more than 2,000 Ite In law fi, banks and corporations in over citlea. 'f you "ea enior of high academic tending and are Interested in a career as a LawyaraAaalaantwad lik to meat you. Contact your placement office for an Interview with our representative. We will v your carnpus on: PeisNyAprU 14 The In We for Paragal Training 5 Op711%Uerat, Pa-taalX = Pasnaac 19103 Opaai by Pwra'Logal. Inc , 0www w y AIO w lvWWwWM op 

PAGE 16

1I ~llgator, monday, opil 3, I97 IPUB MIRROR SALEI 'They (the monks') become very sentimental for people --Jesse Charles monks (from page 15) anything like that before, not even in private. I hesitated, but the third time he said it I got on my knees. And I said "God forgive me for my sins. I know I've been abusing you, but please forgive me. I do believe Jesus is your son and He died for my sins.' And I asked for Him to come into my life. "1get up and cried tears of relief. I was a different person. I felt like I was relieved of a great burden." And now our sales have doubled. I feel the Lord has been blessing moe., '"YOU KNOW," Edna said, "the day's coming where people are not going to go down the middle of the road or straddle the fence about God. People keep talking about the eand of the world. The best thing to do is toget yourself right with God now." A bumper sticker pasted on the back of the Monastery says "PRAISE THE LORD." "People see the sign and ask, 'Are you a site?"'. Edna said. "A fellow named Howard came by today and we talked like we had known each other for years. I never had a sister and always wanted one; now I have a whole family." EDNA'S NEW-FOUND Christianity, however, nearly put The Monastery out of business six months ago. She wanted to do something like missionary work or Bible study. For two months she made no monks. "When you give up something you have loved for so long, the Lord is testing you," Edna said. "Nothing in this world should be above God. So I started thinking I was going to stop my artwork. "THEN I did something I never did before -I fasted and went into prayer. I said, 'Lord, I'm not going to eat anything until I find out what I'm going to do." After two days she was still unsare. I was supposed to do the Coconut Grove show, and I had four weeks to prepare," Edna said. "I had nothing, and I needed at least 200 monks. That was my excuse. I said, 'Lord, I'm not prepared to do it.' "THIEN A little next-door neighbor came by and saw my work, and the little girl said, 'That's interesting. Can you show me how you do it? SoI showed her how, and she started helping me, cutting wire for me. Then her two friends came to call, and the little girl's mother sent them over to my house. "Before you know it, I had three people helping me, their little fingers working away. I looked up and smiled and said,'Lord, now I know."' Meanwhile, Jesse is watching and waiting. "HE'S GIVING it the test of time," Edna said. "hesaysnow, 'I pray to the Fatheryou pray to the Son"' Jesse is 51 years old, a year older than Edna. He worked for 25 years as a design engineer for the aerospace industry, but now he builds sailboats. In three or four years, he plans to build one for himself and Edna. "A 46-footer," Jesse said. "We're going to sail around the world. That's how we're going to end it." "UNTIL THE third world war comes," Edna said. She was serious. "Well," Jesse said, "I don't think it's going to come in my lifetime and I'm not worried about it." He paused. "We have a little difference of opinion there," Jesses said, and the couple laughed. WANTED MISS UNIVERSITY Of FLORIDA PAGEANT Teeng & Hard Luck Thursday, Apr. 6 Drivers 8:00pm University Auditorium to check our Low Tickets $1.25 Auto & Cycle available et Con. insurance rates stance Theater Box Un iver sity Office. Feeturinp Miss insurance Florida '77-78 Miss 540MSW 13th St. (S.441) Open 8om-p 7Universty of Miver. "Pay Monthly" '77 and thSUnteiver. Call 375-8550 ----y----------_ __ Coke, Coors, Southern Comfort, Cutty Sark, Vogues, Four Seasons, Rolls Royce, Mercedes, and more. Factory seconds and discontinued styles at unbelievably low prices All mirrors are framed and prices start at under $5.00 Also, ready made surplus of wood frames priced from soc to $2.00 loam to 5pm Wed. April 5th through Sunday April 9th "IN THE OLD ICE HOUSE" 1003 N.W. 4th Street (This ad Good For 10% Discount) TeXs InstrUments electronic sde-rule cocukator SR-40 THE SR440 48 FUNCTIONS PLUS TEXAS INSTRUMENTS UNIQUE A U IC OPERATING SYSTEM Extra functions students and proteslonels ned.versetieometsry, percent, constant, 0ets and powers. common and nature logerlithn reciprocals. trgnem ktrc functions and scientific notation. Plus pare. theses and degree/redien/gred eon. versions. 0 15 sets of parentheses 0 Autometlc turn-off prevents hettery drein SScientific noteton Memory store end recall numbers d. exchange contents with display. well as sum to nemnory. "Rechergeable PrIce Includes carrying case. AC edepter, recher iebie battery, & owners menuel Money Manager $15.95 SR-51 It 9S9.9$ BusinessAnalyst *24.9 TI-57 9.9 TI-1750TI-30 $7.s TI-58 o9.95 TI-5040 The MBA $"" TI-59 *2-9.95 T-50M TI Programmer s$."5 PC100A 1sin9 TI-5100 T 1 -Datachron 59.95 FLORIDA NOOK$TOR 1614 W. University Ave. "IM SK.95 $43.95 941.91 376-MA 

PAGE 17

*ITrn ri ti I [~ h fl itll z M It -vi v t F-iii1 :1 -t I 0, 1 t Z3 I -: hz I t I Me I Ib D L. 

PAGE 18

1, alligator, monday, opril 3, 1978 alligator clas fieds HELPWRNTED '.e 4,777 7777 47.7476 3 itie"Ped e*ibef"d oe"0, Sfte*e'n PUMMO16iN bou171@W-OF Me oi .T~n. 31147 $ A7,6. po""No 4e hii a7d7 suburbia d rie-in .wr.*.7. 7p. 2m2-9523 (4-s.O-) LADOISI torn t~ tSao ISSomonth yOU "AOS' olive t*e way you would Mkw so '"W 10940, Ivagot4.7'.7375-a94 7c77 6 77.7777.77yng (424 63-.) 7r o d me section 377-4072 Of477 6 (4-4 H0US0K10PER. 4 afternoons & week fom 3 0 6 Now cmpus Mus hove car $2 75/ho4 to start 7eferences Evenings 17-6504 Day 375-4636 (4-4-3-o) 4ned mtu7e., 77pierseocedf .nel76en67 .42077y f6 twenty hou, per age call 173 3S43 between 2 & 5 oahernoons. (4.& Used Books-Bookfinding SUYSILL-TRADII Mon -Sa$0-.6 6EUniversity Ave. 378-9117 NHAtI AFFAIR SALON FOR MEN AND WOMEN WITH AD $25 Uniperm -$26 1-1B NW 13ST. 375-2472 CAMP SOEUT Fa oRm.s CAMP COOSSEE FOR 3OS7 I SEJAUTIPUL MAINE loP Slary 77ccom70da.ons and ben its to lawaftned counselors with on 01"m 7 in any of the folowing Sim m77 6-WS4 sa"C anoe.g wa Skmig sculia Dvng Archery RierV Tennis Goof Toamspots Fencing 677774274 Caft% 6 Woodworking Diamatic' 977n9 gPhotography 477 3a6o Rolin f9ish6Ci n o, 7ite47o7747777on apctpos&aw Act now our *oas toquickly' 7.749,,, ,. CAMP OFFICE. Oup. 2 maS$m my loo OVERHAUL SInstall our best linings I Rebuild all wheel cylinders 1 Rebuild front wheel beirings Clean and inspect al parts Rood test the car $69.95 7400 Aw6'e 0,o.6. extra. (Any o744.767774 or 77 vicea Le And but no listed wdll c7rry e .9usp7imen67l cho.) Clyde's Tire & B r a k e Service 37791 "S51. uIVI:. myAwe. HELP WRNTUD I oft neeilw Mift ow ihesed fW atr IPeI hW*.e ph un. Sw. o pW SMcI-2362644 1* 7po(47-4.) Hep Wted:Off 2 ANC CTU-on wor VDIng eNOOMU K-oneee~e wooksid .74310005 10*40994. .4d work FOLNG CLM-who canuse iVs w "ot, Iseverald oe wrkil We sert oDn 1. 3 0 Gainesville, 141I w WINSh t32 adt 0.0 I s A.47-5-$ seeking ssperwieceds w4lpho. .help00or 7977 o43 0 n.-thc all 2S-3994 7nyime port 'tmimdrcftunor engmgiewng ood morn,.9s preferred apply in person ke7s7r assoc 1511 nw 6 st (4-7-5-7) WANT1D-nlg.7etrmg. # no*% a nd pra.a.e or no 4. graduates ofOW technical 7i.s to be commiso.7d officers-n .he.U S A. F orce For more mnformaon call 37MSIOI Sec;etr~ ,,oedo onwe, phone and ,how ,,ntal op,, Pos,,ion ovatiable for 2 months work. only Col Univer t y Ap a, 2764990(4-5-3-.) -UTOS Zno bovgg god g.d cond, fiberg. mum ell SMor b,,Ofe, ofo"*'',fad, -oi-4767,.no4-3--9) cod.66. o1lorod 972 aw Mo 4797 .e full -4 56.0007.m. good cond 12300 cl 238224 '4-5-g) 197 6hnd7 *.press with only 1900 miles 4s.4.4coil pote 373M299(4-4-2-9) 71 VW pop-op camper mew clutch, t4o $ wor,$1000de.,.,a.emak.of., erV-7 (4-5-3-9) PERSONAL SCMOtASM C E5AC4. 94C Over 000 Re.rch papers on fil.3420 SOnt. 6wy, *oo 9i 3333244-07 14-S-26-1) Gurnsooid ResrvinsCol RAI free BDO-354W or7we your travel9age .76777.6Charter*7 (4-12-13-1) E RAI claim for beginners T 7u4s 96O. 7Mphysical conditioning e .defense self confienc .sregit er9 a 4-13 cuongnh O en.e. 7.O w un3 v 374172(4-131-) GAY m.en 7&. .on.ocial ds.cusson roUM 31 I6 76ho6 7:30 every mnday evening for mareinfocal l7 -S92Y4575 or 27620 no (4-7-7-1) S,.,nn and677c7.b7, 47resi.ngng 25. Vaio s w% stocklt i yd Clork*'s Rocqlue Sop7o13thnext toeJuncti on( 4-55-0) NOW AVA$A3U: Th. Arch. Red 374., album: "in The7.Land Of Odd.At yo .4.o7r0co0du4r. (43-2-) Who's Tvo n T E 40MA 3O3RO4A MM*"n Gain.sv.l WCJS Chnnil 20. Monday m.gh7:pn 7: M 4usic and Comedy. BelimeI PERSONAL LOST & FOUND LOST & POUNO fq Leukemia. When you were young, no form of cancer terrified your parents more than leukemia did. Just fifteen years ago, a child with leukemia could expect to live only months. But, thanks to research, things have changed. Children who once lived months are now living years. Many of them are growing up. Some are already adults, living normal lives. Did you ever wonder what the American Cancer Society did with the money you gave us? Well, some of it went to leukemia research. And, if we had more we could do more. Give to the American Cancer Society. American Cancer Societyte Ita no longer death sentence. b7.777vie7 Nm.,su 7i-4 JI 7 e7s4 w FO74 MWdh ..wme' 'C.77N7, A,, 14-2,. =0 WK.7$'ie. 777. 7-77-44i463S d .---. C. uW ew VS-1211(4.-4 7677r77444.4.) PASS.OT $isu4 JtU VACATION 05-. 7oo7i 7m40s27e o 39977j 2i 75-4944 $6.2d-g) INSUANC Tk0U4'S? Und7 25:776.4d.fe.d-pon. Ch. Ow $ 6.7 auto ,at LooUnNs TY lI~kSUjRANjhjk 2704550 (A.2.49.,6 7. 7977 rIpa, wk7.pshoo. b.cc. repn eCkOD" h feel rlpe-pleveidion --mnavfo ore--nfo -o OWu -# classes coil the M a w.ce,. 92-634orf n 373-5410 .n awr ando4oWior ouwney so Ow world of fonsoty and onmaI'o" w'th leonard molten's ANMAT70N IESTIVAL union ballroom at "p longh~i Grls Inse.77ed4i. TackJ., join7he 7se7twos and support Owe U* Trock Team Fill out in OPph7OnonSM J. IM. 4/3-4/7 (4-7-5-1) )*Wish Graduoal*& olesonol G'oup 7'.?M 09 n.7 1w3th6 7749t St, fora' ""c*s-n-o-lifish 'thea'"ca' e"3 persiinoe a command performance, you I lsd u i Con wethe h9 podrom6-free-vones in te ballroompm.hire"1 44-)777677. pteybo.poorpy, ol.sitng. Dow. 767h.pc o,.ans. .47. .7 Thanks for making a wutfier boy feel of hoe gnL ts of Love. Steve (343-1-)4 cosi for *ilur"'s "p'*o 2. 50for used ps a+ topie clean ow rocks and make some coeJ% MYDI & ZE records 919 w university 376-1637 (4-20-204 dew, ,,,ke.,,ow abaii, on -Xmove, ,haes, am" isn SIX in h cineno I'ites happening ,n the union balkrorn we& ntt of op 111%minlers rD. ho Sgma Fi ths proless~o.,W usnse.,,roe,,,,y cordal,,,in,. PACK ARD Thursdoy 7.11pm 0f Piccadlly ckA*x" ALULA OR Ssmn Wneas14--) Rog. Sale Pritce will helpyu W fe 2hwcuneig HP-10 ($175.) $143. and sopportive services, free prognoneiy HP-10C (45.) "S. 'to' 377-4W7(421--) why woof-CMIIIATE ANTS-monda Py-(25) 10. friday with an ari show. dance. floriti o z H-2 15. N bondvanities. Son and Yoto tool (4-6-s 1 HP-25 (125.) 106. HP-29c (195.) 165. NP-53 (335.) 100.HP-67 (450.) 3".' FLORIDA MP-9 (325.) 275. HP-9" (625.) $25. WOrld U.$.A. HP-97 (750.) "S5. MMeUty e nt interviews to select mi Pu ul ie o University City and Mi acssre 3inesville Wed. 7p.rm. FLORIDA Hilton 441." Corner a BOOKSTORE 13th St. ond University Ave -call (305) 339-6006. 1614 LW. University 376-6066 vW44oeosamuVl.3(4741-4s4a4. 7e,-M' c.islehtbow 764. gold somee 6"m e mwow ee e. hm i iiiy of 6.e'.e 444.77e 4d c-Go plt -COON .yw.4 .m.74u7 .777,7.77 P647182774t-2-4$ Qu@Iie$MelreThe Dweewsce 6.' 4 /79 M 7onarcher 77d.7onm 7c 7 B1scl VS713no coNr14-s"Comk e ofkf Pa SERVICES mCorn Pu WPO SI hls people oon-gooks by _iding _anym_ nt _physial abilitytsorin /confidence/o" oetrcs.non Pro". C497 ion's Guide to Port Time jobs.1 44 ADV EN U R poem wys to owrn$400 to 7,0M yr. imjob Suwannee River co* o'7y'ur "77"'6'* 4e'.0p's'a d trips. Backpacking. Box 1342. Grevord, M C2P712 (4-4-7-m) 3772423.777. C 27424-777 Weekend and extended ST1MO1 3310711 2WThebesu o 6se9rvic jg treks. in lownm beingdone7by7an 0'. ng.7with We supply food, 40 y. 97expere7f7Sound Ide. 2201CN 13 4S2. LOW RATES 370192 (4-26equipment and ex2.) perienced guides. Special rates for groups. OWE DOWN wE CAN. .LMsi SCUMA 0AM4 Mon. April 17 or Thu. April 20 sewn g.4p 97ow7.74.4In67n .,467aRoute 1 Box 1224 ", ""P1-'tOT79April15 16SCU A PALATKA, RORIDA CU1111A 7.7t42.20 0S"pby l477 77777.7777. ^1111', 44.74. 6 74.0TrilCn7 34437 32077 --4i""-Av. '2V39. (77m) 376-3406 Nights KATIE MAsM WO ONG d Im tahnew begirinewc of0cu9g nh7k6a7c.n7eir 112c: ON w. univ. tw7.' 7s:20 50/.-:D n* Route 1 Box 1224 tuitin ,egiow arpr 413 call 711141n (412n.4)2 PALATKA, FLORIDA KA4ATEclos. for beginners offed by-32 Cuong Nh67'I R' ,o6mura s club men wed 5:154-486b7sm7fie9 9m register mar729-w 154279V41 n(4-.11 -1"7) %7.77.77747774, 275S -(4-5.-M 774.77767nees774 ss7477 .7 Supe77vi6774by work of a onmblprim. CAM Jon a V3-6112 (44-3-m,) UK1TIMYS7.3PMIN MA 44743 U AL 7'm J3M 04.77.* Seg6I'gmd .lecoL.g8 373-2741.lw4 v(4.-47-7n7) mi7.07-ry. mp7Ei.ne for p.-od NW6.7$see.P.O. bo66374797477 777Y. (4.7-6.-.) .ge b7rn 4<.,.6.47m. 47o 7 food d7k7y. 7.4ln7in.6wy. 747humno, 9477 -. 10 7 --54 46.2204 (4E 

PAGE 19

sports Diamondmen split with Dogs By GEORGE DIAZ Assistant SpetEditor A UF baseball player turned to Head Coach Jay Bergman in the Gator locker room Saturday and asked him if there was any practice the following day. "Nope," the UF mentor said. "Tomorrow is a day for relaxation." THEY DFSERVED IT. The Gators defeated the University of Georgia two out of three games during last weekend's series at Perry Field to lift their Southeastern Conference Eastern Division leading mark to 10-2 (17-7 overall). Second-place Georgia's record fell to 6-3, 19-5 overall. UF hosts St. Leo College at 7:30 tonight at Perry Field. UF split Friday night's doubleheader with the Bulldogs. winning the first game 14-0 and losing the second 5-3. Ron Crum's excellent three-hit, nine strikeout pitching performance Saturday gave UF the series and undisputed possession of first place when UF won 7-0. "Today I had everything going,' Crum said. "I was throwing three pitches for strikes -a slider, changeup and fastball. What helped me out the moat was that I didn't have any walks. It's easier when you throw from the windup." CRUM, WHO raised his record to 5-0, got what proved to be the only support he needed in the fourth inning. RobTeegarden tripled off Georgia starting pitcher Steve Green -missing a home run by a foot. Designated hitter Alan Emerson followed with a bloop double, which bounced in front of leftfielder Joe Stewart to score Teegarden with the game's first run. UF -coming into the series batting .234 as a team -added four mor runs in the fifth inning. Jim Watkins, Frank McDonald, John Brantley and Teegarden all singled to key -11men l y u 3. W WT the rally. In Friday's first game, righthander Pete Teisra notched a four-bitter --'raising his record to 4-0 ad lering his earned run average to 1.34. AFIER THREE scoreless innings, Georgia starting pitcher Alan O'Neal got into trouble by issuing walki to Emerson and Dave Adeimy. Shortstop Bubba Kizer -who was playing with a pulled hamstring muscle -committed an error on a Teegarden grounder to load the bases. Brantley knocked in all three runners with a trMuttoright field. Marc Sullivan's single scored Brantley. The Gators added three more runs in the fifth and seven more runs in the sixth in their most productive scoring outburst of the season. Jim Watkins Is safe on steal attempt Kizer -who had not committed an error in 21 games made three miscues in the first game. His injury prevented him from playing the last game of the series, and Georgia Head Coach Roy Unstattd was quick to point out the importance of Kizer.a .391 hitter. "WE MISSED Kizer," Umstattd said. "He's our best player. I don't mean to take nothin' away from Florida. They're one of the best teams we've faced." In the second game, a series of UF miscues permitted Georgia to win its only game -at the expense of UF pitcher Chuck Dale. A dropped throw to first baseman Dave Adeimy allowed one Georgia unearned run to score in the second inning and a Larry Hall throwing error in the sixth inning permitted another Georgia unearned run. Hand, Olsen lead UFgolf teams to tourney wins By DAVE GEORGE Alligator Sports Writer UF's two head golf coaches may have found it difficult Saturday trying to convince friends the Gators' weekend tournament results weren't just a joke. After all, it was April Fool's Day. Did coaches Bishop and Mimi Ryan really think anybody would fall for a story so bizarre as to claim UF's men's and women's teams won their tournaments by a conibined total of 49 strokes? BUT IT HAPPENED. The men won the CapecCoral Invitational by 30 stokes over runner-up Florida State University and the Lady Gators outshot the other teams in the Lady Paladin Invitational by 19. Plus, UF's Greg Olsen and Elaine Hand won the individual titles. Neither coach was caught totally unprepared since both knew their players were good enough to win the tournaments. But no one could have guessed the winning margins would be so wide. FSU -the team that left the UF men 17 strokes behind in the Seminole Invitational -lost 10 strokes to the Gators on Saturday alone. THE LADY GATORS' 54-hole team total of 933 was 19 strokes better than the topranked University of Miami and 22 strokes better than another member of the nation's top five -the University of Texas. Perhaps the most encouraging note to come out of what was a perfect week for UF golf was the play of Olsen and Hand. Both are seniors who have never really taken charge at UF and both showed they may be capable of providing much of the needed team leadership as the teams head toward the nationals. Olsen started the Cape Coral with a bang as he fired a 6-under-par 66 in the first round.He shot 69s on Friday and Saturday to turn in an impressive tournament total of 9under-par 279, six strokes better than anyone else inthe field. OLSEN'S ONLY shaky moments came early in the second round when he was four strokes over par on the first four holes. But he quickly regained his concentration and salvaged a 75 by playing the final 14 holes at 1-under-par. Hand's golf was more steady than spectacular, but it was good enough to give her a one-stroke edge over Miami's Carolyn Hill despite a bogey on the final hole. Her 74-71-75-226 total made opponents wonder why she was playing at the No. 4 spot for UF. There were many other bright spots for the UF teams. Lori Garbacz gave Ryan, something to smile about by finishing just four stokes behind Hand in fifth place. Beverley Davis was only five strokes behind Garbacz at 235. LARRY RINKER finished sixth individually with scores of 72-70-75-74-291 and GatorsTerry Anton and Pat Venker tied for ninth with 293s. Gators fall By RALPH DIAZ Alligator SportsWriter [he old reverse psychology syndrome will do it every time. Just ask the UF men's tennis team. The Gators entered the University of Georgia's Henry S. Field Stadium Saturday expecting to hear catcalls from the Bulldog crowd. INSTEAD, THE netters were greeted by some 2,500 well-behaved Georgia fans. While the normally rowdy crowd had turned suddenly mild-mannered, the Bulldog tennis team remained as rude as ever in handing the UF netters a 7-2 beating. "Georgia gave us an old-fashioned whipping," UF Tennis Coach .M.B. Chafia said. The defending Southeastern confesse champion Bulldogs shoWed the Gatsrs no merc9 in sweeping three doubles matches and four of 1t6 six to Georgia singles matches. Performances by Chap Brown and KEvtn Cook helped the netters save face. Brown knocked off Georgia's No. I netter Wesley Cash, 6-3, 3-6, 7-6 and Cook upset previously undefeated Bill Rogers at the No. 3 spot, 4-6,6-3,6-4. ALTHOUGH THE loss to the Bollogs was not much of a suprise to Chafin, the crowd reaction was one thing that caught him off guard. Thanks to a new policy that eliminates alcohol from inside the stadium, the Bulldog crowd was "-ss of a factor than in the past. "The crowd was very good," Chafin said. "They were a good tennis crowd because the drinking was A'iminated." The Georgia loss dropped the Gators record to 14-3. The weekend was not a complete loss for the nettes, however, as they defeated Georgia Institute of Tethfslogy 8-1 Friday. Lady Gators top Rollins By DAVE IACAMPO fourth ranked Rollins from the opening AlfgsterSports Editor rally. Pressly. Sherry Acker, Joyce Portman and Judy Acker all won in singles, Julie Pressly showed why she is at the and the doubles teams of the Ackers and top of the UF roster in Friday's second Pressly-Portman sealed the match. regular season victory against Rollins The only roadblocks UF encountered College at the Vasuity Courts. were at the end of the lineup -on courts Shaking off the pressure of a 3-0 deficit five and six in singles and court three in in the second set against All-America doubles. netter FlWaa ltnick, the UF freshman PAULA SCHEB lost a spirited match swept the neit ive games and held on to on court No. S to Rolins Marilyn Smiswin the maldk 64, 7-5. The win sion, 7-6, 6-3 and sa Grattan sa fered a to push the Lady Gatcsrs to a 9-0 record 6-3, 6-4, setback on court six to the Tars' by virtue -af the 6-3 victory against the Helene Pelletier. UF's Grattan and Jennie Ta rs. e 2 -1 .WE'VE N )CATIED her dck that all year,' UPHeed Coach B.E. Palmer %did of the Presey comeback effort. "She never pan~skkua she gets.behind, she justpik upti velo t pk hegans." The Lady Gators seemed to pick tip can OUcom also dropped their doubles match to Smisson and Pelletier 6-3, 6-4. "I think we're improving (at the bottom end of the lineupl" Palser said ."but I duss't know whether we can catch up (to sonIl' of the other highly-rankel teams) by the iI of Is' seasonal." I : 0%108~ mtb 

PAGE 20

W3. alligator, monday, april 3, 1978 Tracksters take fifth Tb. Giors were losers a"d,.i"ers -at the L. sli.'Stte University Invitatioal track meet Saturday. Although the UF squad could only muster 58 2/3 points for fifth place, the three-team Southeastern Conference field tallied 315 points to better the threeteam Southwestern Contterence's total of 219 1/3. -This is the first ie I've ever been in an interconference meet like this." U Cead Coach Roy Benson said "The inter-conference twist added real interest to the meet. Although we didn't win, every point earned contributed to a greater cause." Clive Barriffe and Dock Luckie qualified for the. NCAA Championships this weekend. Barriffe qualified in the 400-meter hurdles with his second-place time of'SI-1 Luckier qualified in the discus with a first-place toss cit182 feet. Luckie also got second place in the shot put at 59-3/4. In other action, Joe Neal wiin the long jump at 24-S anid Calvester Brightman high-jumped tocthird at 6-9 Riounding out U's scoring was Noel Gray's third in the 400-meter run Wimpy Alexanker's fourth in the i80 meter run and Lin Bmchette's fourth in the pole vault r Softball Ater opening the Uniry wsi is (4Scuth Florida Ins itanextal Tournament with its "worst pi performance 4tthe ar,"'the Lady Gacr sotitan bocuncedl ack ti lake a fourth-place fiish in the weekend >tornN 131 opined The tournament with a I-Iosito Florida Siate niversty but wiiits ni-t two out f threegames t finish fourth. Ahead of the Lady Gators was third-place finishreSU' The finals were between Flagler Cillege and Flirida Technological University. Today the team travels ti Tallahassee tic Play SU in a 3p in ioyuleheaer atNriythast Park. Women's track Despite setting fie -inet records, the UP a woen's track team finished si-cditic Auburn University at thTroy State Univrsity rilays held in Troy. Ala.Saturday Senior Lrrainhe Bayet rt record in the lngJcnp with a leap of 20-3 and juniior Jackie Gordon hurled thdiscd* 133 feet to set a meet record. Chalke McCabe set a meet record and tied the team mark with a hurdle of 5-7 in the high jump and Gay Dell entered a new time in th meet~ record ooks with her finish in the 100I-metr hurdles. Er WI. Wi Dry Cellar Audit aar Tue. April 14, -j NOW OPEKIN HARDEE PLAZA SUN DISCOUNT DIRECTLY ACROSSFROM CAMPUS WHERE YOU SAVE UP TO 50% EVERYDAY ON:: HEALTH & BEAUTY AIDS -COSMETICS SUNDRIES -HOUSEWARES -CARDS FILM PROCESSING -SCHOOL SUPPLIES PLAYT X I12~p~ HARDEE'S r** Pst P L A Y T E X RAZORS PDEE' OfUNic NEW ONLY Plus HARDEE'S 225 Deodorant 2.2 Tampns 9 25c nversty Ave. value. Value ["""9 v alue of 2Value17EAMURPHREE 7 I LIBRARY 1 .5az. Helene Curtis SAEoVRYY BAN SUAVE Roll Qn ON KODACOLOR 160 BALSAM FILM PROCESSING value Conditioner 4 value 69 12 exp. Roll or Cartridge Developed oz. and Printed For No More Than S URE COPPERTONE 5.25 ANTI-PERSPIRANT TROPICAL value 8 oz. 20 exp. Rolls A Spey 9BLENDNo More Than 2.20 93.25 Lotion or Oil 0 COLOR RE-PRINTS Value EACH 154 8oz. Gillette 20 exp. Slides or Movies lA VITA-FLUFF A TRADeveloped For Only Ie14 Sham FLUFFATRALOWEST EVERYDAY PRICES ampooBlades9 ON ALL KODAK FILMSI 1.50 EU1.80 value .e 80 9pkg. 'yo5Don't Pay High Bookstore Prices THE SAME QUALITY Large 18 oz. >HAWAIIAN SCHOOL SIN TROPIC SPLE MOUTHWASH SUNTAN PRODUCTS AUP 1.80 AR-PT Value o ,DiscountedCO LESS _______ v 25% AT SUN DISCOUNT OPEN LATE 7 Specials good HARDEES PLAZA thru Friday M W. UniWsty Av. QUANTITY RIGHTS RESERVED 3777788 STEPS FROM CAMPUS Scuba Classes YMCA fully certified course. Lecture & water Work. 7:3O-9:3Op. m. Call the YMCA 376-7172. Classes start April 10th and run all summer. 8 week Classes. -im =I m .4Yogurts *fors 1.00s limit 12 m m m m "" nExpire "r""' ApiDV pms.mmmw 260 N. .1th tF 
