
PAGE 1

lorida 4 AIli-gat or For a Greater Florida UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA, GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA, APRIL 2. 1927 Number 25 Richbourg With A Wekome PlYs With the raves Luit 'TuesAIbbourg received a welcome when he came the uniform of the Boa. diversity on last TuesveH. Ue is a former $ayer and has for two listedd in the coaching rorida team. He is one -ost popular athletes by the University and his appearance the Braves was herhis admirers as quite range and Blue team to their former coach suitcase to express the high esteem with e is held by the Florida Dr. Murjhree presented to him just before the between the Gators and ve and gave a little talk the Florida team and the Outfit extollingthe virtis former Gator ball 1 'md expressing the apwhich the team felt _Mn for the work he ha., -helping them. has been siiyrQ g to uabatage in the pre-season games and his position field seems to the to be assuredwas voted to be put into a fund' for the purchase of a trophy case, which would hold all triphies won by the various teams of the university, and a committee is now receiving bids for this! article, BASEBALL TEAM TOA PLAY TEN GAMES ON 12-DAY JAUN1' Road Trip to Bring Gators Against Leading Schools of South. WxRESSINGIS The University of Florida varSplansfor the junior prom sity baseball team left Friday uing rapidly worked Out afternoon for a twelve-day road committee appointed by trip through Georgia, Alabama t Bob Hughes at the last and TennesseeThe trip will of the punior class. The bring them against some of the consisting of Powell leading college clubs of the chairman; Allan Ramsey, Southern Conference and the Wallace, Tomr Howze, and followers of the Gator outfit Ferguson has been doing are hoping that they will b? splendid work and promise able to pull their average up to prom ever staked here. a good position. Ms been definitely decided The games to be played on this 1he evnet' will be held On trip include. Fort Benning on evening May 27 at the A nril 2 and 3; Auburn on Aprill INSURANCE PLAN OFFERED TO ALL STUDENTS HERE Athletic Department To Receive Percentage Of Premium. CAMPUS ELECT IONS NOW SPLIT 3 WAYS Advent of a Third Part. v,* -1 A; --. I COUNCIL INVITES FRESHMAN TRACK F.S.C.W. GIRLS TO TEAM WILL MEET Council Approves PRESENT MINSTREL OCALO HI TODAY Requisition For -ebator-Sem inole To Show Here During High Strongest High School Sprint School ETrck Man in the State Chairman BC. Thornal of thel Meet. Enlers. finance committee recommendedI to the Executive Council at its: The Executive Council passed The University of Florida regular meeting on Wednesdayl SPassediThe UhartityeyfgFanrdaah h h .I a resolution orderinga commitfreshman track team is schedulniot tatthy25 dayt areua tee to invite the girls of the ed ,tomeat the strong high .ri tio o .$1lmfo b hh e bt Florida State College for Women school aggregation from Ocala land also to provide fund to ento present their Junior Ministrel Saturday afternoon. The freshtertain the Auburn team. Behere during the week-end of the man squad has been Wfrkig cause of the delinquency of the state high school track meet, hard in preparing for thia event expense accounts for Previous April 15-16 The entertainment and they realize that it will debaters in preseftino temized committee has received very entake some real effort in order trips. much discussion arose as thusiastic reports from the ministo defeat the younger crewto the expediency of granting trel, and it is their plan to preThe Ocala team will present such a requisition. But it was sent this offering Friday night, the staut hig % 4hool sprint passed that when itetized e and to have the girls remain man in the state when they bring penis accounts for the South for the dance given in honor of Newcomb, the present holder 4f Carolina-Tennessee debating trip the high school students Saturfour state scholastic records. have been made and sworn to day night. .)-0before a notary public, that $125> The enterta mehit tcom ttee' PHI KAPPA PHI he granted the debating council further reported that the net' for the Emory trip and for profits from the dance given dur. ANNOUNCES NEW the entertaining of the Auburn ibg the state high school basket SENIOR PLEDGES team. ball meet were $180. This amountENP D tea.f thC a--' 4-____ 'e:S~tef~l~u h t Equitible, explained that every policy sold to a student or other person specifying that the policy was bmirjg bought under the Florid;, contract, would pay a little over 25 percent of the prem;urn of the first year and about 2 1-2 percent of the premium of every year it is rcfenwed in the meet. the first of its kind ever held in the south. Last yea. Tech won the I ithth tnnud tudcn! champion-hip. defeating ;r all ,o11I otion, ,I the university y ers and closing the season in I Forida scheduled to take p1dan brilliant style wth a clean sweep on April 7. 1I4 men are 1WNV of Georgia. The quadrangle in the running ft 'rthe 48 ofmeet will hrin together th pfe. wh ic h carry with them --reat(st :sIrray Ii swimming jthe cr a vein i i of the Seven Make Honorary sici I counts,.; oif thy 192-17 Semino .An office will be opened at starsin11 he4so0th ; T)dthe meet 24 MV)A w.kehyS -o sfthe linl Semini Y. M. .A. and a campaign aill n e t ir-este ety; Drake Offered werfte preCsnt-d and a requis~ in tion to-$j"0 t for insurance started among the Membership. J f $1300 t ahn & olier tidents a list of alumni will The td i body selfEngraving company was ap'w The in ha il s n h f )rv(1be furnished and a campai -n h i 0It I thncad hde ead Phi Kappa Phi honorary sociprotI to over the expense be s ant danp tn shape this year. lailv practice e rald oni d s ety announces the following of the engravings in this year w i plan be ise asoib emr are being held and therI1s much the rest-dnffihty r linV pledges: College of Arts and Seminole. B>s th plnit ote fohcompetition for places mmonre e th r n i ,i handlig Science, E. P. Tyler, Angus M. James R. Boyd of the athletic peri tocotibt o the atteam. The -wimners leve h t sin th A2,0 watr. minof ILaird, AR. Jackley; College of department, speaking for Capt. and at thei of tie niderive College Im tx'ery afatirnoon at Engineering, D G. McMillan, W. E. M. Yon, athletic director, a t:00 o elo< s. .anagerI Wx'in mV .f phliCatiolP. of R. Clary, T. SJohnson; Teach: requested the council to approve benefit himself. t a organ says that anyone 'xishni actin a ling hod n ers' College, A. M. Singletary. the borrowing' of a sum not tlth ivrinyofnrthCa.o try out for the team i will be the nirsa ivsal, sTetsinh Dr. G. F. Weber, plant patholexceed $8500 to complete the lintr is orki un s he ah j\tfairhtrialif ie report eie -f dhe h then ogist at theExperimeVr Station athletic stadium. The approval co cs vrte Untd ther to pra 'tic(e at the pecified matnleti policy the chl n and Miss Cora Miltmore. librian, w as grantedschools over the United States. time i h .t.helyc ri vrse., have been elected as faculty The council voted to the d ti in he fr, a .erh. atron-I ir'at srint ol members of the society president-elect to the annual cordon o Mr. Sheppard, a per,. _,,ruea tat wn4 Honorary membership was convention of the Southern Fedsons mayfn buy a i oirst ean' hav ('th( tudee nt 4 andIli(.nvoted to 11r. L. M. Drake of the I ration of (ollege Students,t p f y(Ia% ( f '30 Has peopit ITpremium given to the university. Drake Laboratories, Daytona which will meet at the Univer~ Mr. Sheppard stated that many Rest Scholastic:\tthe same tme the elti0ns Beach. Florida. Dr. Drake is m gity of Kentucky. L xingtonFlorida alumni were buying large v:rae Reored r held, a vote %ill N taken well known among educational APril2 2 and 23. larg adi wssret e %vfrageRecodedwardinof tho Norrand scientific men throughout ------.policies andl it w','s sure to ne'. t h e awrdngofh,%r the stie i H eh thoken at f-the university sufficient monev _-------Trophy to the timiversit v's most chapel a number of tim es, a t ldiI he of material aiDean J N Anderson of the \alua ble athlete .ioig in is a close friend of these, and YPhoi Feve The council assured Mr. ShepArts ad Science college, reports most prmni t enniitates fr i nPard that they would cooperate that tin. freshmen of Phis year this h nor bei z Iamar Sarra. Scare Explaned vith his company to the fullness have the hest scholastic record iit"Red. of their power. It was shown of any freshman class to ever ion alker, iny ('haplin ani M ,ellans Man l DL *that $1.000,000 worth of policies enter the university. The enroll O McTClellan s mantnalila s would, figuring an average j ment i -practically th( Samte as T'htwi nhital Iarti, th' To Be Ready Soon the many different types ofi last year's though the percentsteaks" n the "Hamburzpolicies offered, net the school age of failures is much smaller. s" are now fighting for snAmmon McClellan, who has reDrs. Lassiter and Brink Isabout $17,000. it is reported at "the dean's ofirtmtcv ii the campus, 'th cently made an extensive study sue Joint Statement Re-thet -u e J i nt a t e ae t e -I f i c e .t g, '-.pr.,, of state eg stature an parcugarng ontons.didates from gymnasium now under con4 and 5; the University of Al arly of the Florida government. now A~~~~la.j I ofdtheIV1 Flr ~i government., >IIEILFNI' _______ AN6;EIST C(OX ('ON IWIJ'. nill, somewhat on. The time decided upon bama (in the 6th and 7th of is now rushing to completion the ING SERVICES Ie inauguration to be a very convenient April; April 8 and 9 Vanderbilt; legislative manual which he is For the past few weeks al Wilson Foundation l the camUS as the junior examinations Birmingham.Southern. April 11 preparing for the next session scare' has been manfested on Offers $50,000 In FvanLlist ("x is co ue' a 1latoio ad on that day, and all the and 12. of the Florida legislature. the campus as the result of -I: series of revival services in the Rt t hv of that and other classes --"McClellan's Legislative Mantyphoid epidemic which to all Prizes For Thenies tent on West university avenue, iave a chance to be pres-. ______-. ual" is to be a compact and handy appearances has been spreadin' on the lot adjoining the oman's t and virs rot It will also se little volume containing a great Many of the students as well as Club, and welcomeslthl Idban. ktown on the encement week an importurn it 'Wi deal of information for the legisthe citizens of Gainesville are Offering $50,000 in prizes, the he ral work on e hascbeenyeglectedin this .lators and the general ublic. being inoculated and all preWoodrow Wilson Foundation, 17 There1' is a hand which gies a short from the three it has been neglected inthisEdit Newspapers It will include points on Florcautions are being taken to guard East Forty-second street, New concert i.t 7:10 p. im., previous to boosting their t. The prom will be fo -i Of Florida Soon ida government with a complete against the disease, which if alYork City, announces its essay the meetings. You are invited tit dates is beinby a Prw-Helle e dance outline of all departments, special lowed to spreadI would doubtcontest. Two prizes of $25,000 attend these -rvi-e. been evidenced ay night. legislative data, biographies of less I'YoV ( (ne of the worst each will be awarded by a jury ately the final examinaall members of the legislature. fatalities ever witnessed by this of award appointed b the board at the State Woman's ColThe journalism class in newsa list of all officers and atT jummaunit. -caeoftrusteesOfthefoundation. TALLANTU n Tallahassee will he over paper management, under Prof. taches of the 1927 legislature. One pzAANOTHERGALLANTint't for the girls to be here 0, K. Armstrong, will edit for legislative committees and com1)r. Vs Iassit citv heath pczessful oun bgwoman while r night. It is also expectone deay each some of the leadmittee rules, addresses of the official, and TDr. .A. Brink'c the other f ll he presented to! BY G A INES L E11 at girls from all over the ing newspapers in the state, in legislators. and other valuable director of the bureau of com~ t he whn ill edn. will be present,, so that to the aear futre. the journalism information. municable disease* of the State The subject o. hetheme is: earances. this will be one department announces. Mr. McClellan is a student of Board of Health. yesterday i eseWhat Woodrow Wion Means Gaisvillei gallant fir, desuhstitutinW ins e leading social events.h political science at the University sued the Following Jomnt state t Me," and it is not to he more apartment has te' mOr gained adequate hathro sifor the decoration of the Ia dill thmse pp f the $of Florida. He has held the ment regardiing the presence "f thfan2 ,500 words lOTIng All men At attention and repet I blazingg st Wumi hav,2, not been com-, staff will &i made up of theposition of reading clerk in the yphoid fever il Gainesville:nzttestfnrkh lastl women if the U nited States fi e go n o e s. A s e i g a rook, rid tle as yet, hut the commitjournalism class, th ork of last three sessions (of tie leis-._Since the last statement made ire eligible, if they ar, between hurried summons last Wednni foow turned i working on them and complete charge o e work of lature and in preparation for his I dayliv ublic health authorithe ages of 20 and 85The dead day night, the truck swept just a little It a ve v verye s hunip ttue o tsche m ee fo puttingh h s vout thheelflpaperb li bforh lut olikihei ahasz ofvisite.5. T hedth e t -11, qili tl ao, vey nd uniquehe datty. uttProfessor Armstron belerks of s vsted toi d ties in reference to typhoid sitline on all themes presented is spedily down University av ixV gri ped a ion., purcaned, and lieves that editing these papers ter methodsiif compiling v Iuation in (ainesville. ve addi. October 1. 1927. and no articles nue, everyone of the crew acut-. Although no will be one for everybodyfnllmtve thi cs vlable extion tor siiilia i c okn nional cases have comoe to life, will be received after that time. lv awar( f t de( rtsnonsit the origin ~~~(Iblt i bee anoucd yPo'eprene lng.ratca ins ilbs that all junirbdy. wrfe s asstr hi halines McClellan has acaeptod several scattered widely over the city. The direct and sole purpose of bilit n thi ti('a(ion of gravi (ivered. t Ishbeen announced by PowperienOne Of thes cases. a university these awards is to bring to the mtomiient the spot TiaV jors that all juniors are Professor Armstrong, who has invitations to speak n high dI lying their assessment. le been in touch vit some of the schools of the statk n FW, lorida students in the Ocla hospital, young people o k thnwde united A.r eit s he if that they do so at once, leading newspapers, says,"Begovernment. varsity infirmary. I ideals ani principles if droww turned north followed by a bevy already had m a money is needed and if cause of the poor financial condThe book is bei publishelon. The themes ar not t f panting. scurrying students-pedestal, nt e money is not cillected, tion throughout the state it will privately by Mr. McClellan but \ efareful stud of all these h iiirrhica1 nor criticamii eVer eager to witness a fir', burning t irdI be impossible to put on be hard to make favorable arwill probably bI taken iver by ass's has been made b (itit The -ontes: iu-s are: On1y ine matter how small or nsmgnitiien nciatin nd of a prom that is hoped rangemnents for the editing of the state. health 1 cers ands tate hoard article Ita be submitted by any cantEvidently smino had been arty may hot Sstagedl this year. Nat some of the papers" In the past of health. No coninin source inontnetant. No lette should disturetd in :heit a arn ma, secretary-treasurer of the journalism class has had their Russian (: mpost'rs "n thether han itw s enipad aCcomparY an article. No article slumbers. having Cm ni'at the 'paign speakers US, is colecting the assessexpenses paid by the newspaper On th other hand it is believed-must ear lhe namec the auabandon of their usual attire!estole. All juniors who have not. thex' edited. this year it will he Recital Featuire that the infection has been pickIhmr, either namthe artiche r bn d~--~ im a re a k ed to e h im h arid to .r h srrasig e -, Ihnl mfro n t v a rio u svou rc e s.tAhinnveA NeU E T G IETF Fi -ollowing is the program for -careful watch is bi'ket nthe nvleormt sthn tile itt111 I eital O beiningl kept onA QU T IV N O O --h of Russiandifitionl, and additionalinfor1)" ""t te i. iaot itorBA Q ET G V NO F S -fteroonLuthor, plain, EE CLUB AND ORCHESTRA '-aditOc SundaOco,)Ytam -heituatollecd 1e) v-lplaive sca ed ht BIGGER AND BETTER F (aude Murphre, university orseemed alarming, it is felt that XPEC T FURTHER UCCESS ES art i~ assists'd by" the public Should lie fully cdon rtain thufull name ard ad-________________ 01PECT FURTHER SUCCESSES dress ofrtern ye n ot a a a ,natndMi ir 'seIknown tenor (f Gainsvill, xsed essa osu iestnt ad a hu possesses a rich and poweraccimnpanYing affidavit from wFratern-i n mu t cm wht as a hik r h p ss ss s rch and powe -"i w f h possibiTity of father. m other. legal guardian, quot heb: %, the W o ianf ls ('l-b. hVthi Phi 'e fuil voice of truly operatic qua"ali view of the posllean Unive J. S. Bueno, honorary thti x wonder-ful reputation the ge v. Al students are cordially inany person being exposed to Iminister. employer I' notary Key'tonv Feig:h. Thursday, Amar Univer 47 of the glee club, Presiclub has established for itself. -itel. as always. typhoid at any timc, the prepublic that the contestant'< ag' March 24. At this ettogether .t. .o. uihan, of the orchestra, and, Every fellow who can afford Five numbers from the "Nutventive inoculation is believed to is nto below 2o -r above 35 of manw if the fraterni'xTy men one o the m ift R. H. Fergusoii, of the time and money ought to t3ae cracker Site"-Ts4haikowsky: be the most desirable inm otec. years For the ourpose of correct of this -.cting it Was agreed d~, ac gveviw' o teinivduil i, 11Cto. es oct te ro-!, 1the banquet. dtb, each give views on the individual instction. he',e or Overture Minaturetion. Any student at the um correspondence. a woman contest, that the' were to extend their Although seve *l Situation at Florida for elsew*rC, t, make the club Dance of the Flutes. versity can be given the treatant should indicate whether she utmost toward-! the advancement eternity men pr ,. tri. ; .~-,-t xr. I feel as everybody a n ment at the ifirmary free ofl is single or married. The ar of., -me np renier--. hf )th11 T)1Irt Ie' --, IC in the dark ov of a third party indI pendent iI from the thre-npagn.ng -withq r heretofore unsafmpuis. More the part if men organizations iV) rc-"spective candishown than has in manY elections. N MADE REMEN 4ager. expNcta'il d hont' pcrhap +)It d isQma %, d )r thefillil' I,;" ( of th4' fir( ,,%%a1)0psszible 1 hal have ibeen Ih f -0oml4, politic 11 sp'ak r probaht.: -lunttd 1 t h s-rode a':in g hb in a -t arts-I tb4 i-or o knop 'Canshould w('ar aTER A 'LORIDA ,f Pennsylvania, Kappa Psi from sity, wa toastTom Sebring of (,f Florida was ain speaker of ral of the fraesent were from Ii Prevents Prediction Declaring that the university To BDecided Al of outcome. had much to gain and nothing to Quadrangle Meet lose, Captain F. M. Yon, athletic director, secured the endorsement !-;'Lr '0P OF If E of the Executive Council for theI Th, 1927 Southern Conference Equitable Tnsurance Co. to sell swimming championship will be;NItIHFOR,7T1 insurance to the students and decided saturday nigIM April 9, alumni with the athletic associa-; a: the Atlanta Athletic club aution receiving a percentage of ditorium when Gforgia Tech is 11 )I 1NJen Now in Running the premium. h0St to a quadrangle meet. VanFor Offices; 48 of TheSe Mr. Sheppard. a Florida alumderbilt. Florida. Georgia, anTI le Chfsen nus and conected with the I Georgia Tech will vie fo rhonorso C I. I0 Io *1 Ie 'I L Ito 4 SwiminturTitle 

PAGE 2

0 PAGE TWO THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR Official Student Publication of the University of Florida Editor-in-Chief .J. Lewis Hall Managing Editor.James M. Shaw Business Manager .Kenneth C. Pratt Published every Sunday niorning during football season, every Saturday morning during the remainder of the collegiate year by the FLORIDA ALLIGAToWt at the MeCreary Publishing t'oniparn., 39d E].ast Main Street, South, Uainvsvilie, Florida. Ul IVBRSITY OF FLORIDA, GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA, Entered as second ciasi matter at the Post Office at GainL.-svioiFlorida, under the act of March 3, 1889. Subscription rates, niail or carrier delivery, $1.50 per year. Office: Room 11, Language Hall, University of F!orida, Uainesville, Florida.UM't Telephone: 817-W; then ask for the Business Manager, Florida Alligator, and 70u-.J, ALanaging Editor; 311-N% Editor in hiel. EDITORIAL STA.F Ass't Managing Editor .cwi Editor .,1 ms E iait Co:iylLI i to. I a IP L). Merritt I'. a I-ss I'llarit sS .Auslev Arition McCI.llan .La) Lull U iwnig I. '. iVa go Ltt .1'au 1 .al Jt\lloj ..A iii 1.0iiti "1 VIC) x kc E 1 10 HIMx I.' -4%) I i. 44I o I I 1 4.Al vu.k1-, I TER w4 ALLIGATOR ?NTWscriptnts. an e. Ia s B I' s I N 'NSA11 .' quire the combined abilities of state senators and ieprl t tated. AiL----.CYui E. Pue sentatives. But that fact remains that the problem has Advertisimu. Ma-er Aure reulatoi .anager.n.w. .nwes* Ii has his advertisng' ---------. .e. .eiai been solved in other states and it can be solved here. (erplans complete and a look at aecrtary. ------..-.i.s. tainly the members of the legislatures of other states and the advertising' (utimy shows that business men in this secti) 10 those stUients who may feel pessimistic over the it can be solved here. Certainly the members of the legisare behind the new magazin. dutlOOk bor the L university appropriation we offer the latures of other states have no higher average of intell advertisement from College ofi\\ig OVidence ul the SiUppoL that the press of the gence than our own. HUIi imor" wa s recently rece vei. .I -ad this in itself shows 01,11 tav is kiVg to the tLiiiversity officials. Let the students It is ip to our lawmakers to get together with the Blue Gat r is receiving Odd the (Olluwing editorials and Lake heat: officials of the university, determine their needs, present tention worthy of any of ile and future. Then if there 5sn't sufficient moneyle college humorous publications THE UNIVERSITY aiOWnTi existenceto carry out the program, iour solons can lusy I themselves On April 19 the Copies f (Jacksonville Journal) with ways to raise this "Blue Gator" will be received ondian appreciates t ccesstui efforts t Up in Georgia there is a two-cent state stami) tht I thoe whohae sub. e VIriUL' Martin to reduce taxation and eliminate uncce-l gi tn e.y package of cigarettes sold. It is jst iresentatives of the varinue fr 41 pakageof ciaretes sod. L. teritvhOuIseS will r-ceivo teir ,jo,,inimental expenditures. untevy n w ---,-trih sewi eev ter IeUt not eVery oil(, Wijisible a stamp of this kind in Florida would enable Florioa allotted number and these will P Ioe nme n huses.wiln %iLi the governor in his endorsement of 1t11 i)U(to operate the best state university, both for men and ht ldelivered in the housesMen refusal to r the .diversity o Florthere is to be fod in the United States. u te ibitaken ao increased appropriation asked. it i> quite truie. For goodness sake let's do something about it, i it is special squad of men who sswill deliver "Blue Cator'' I go 'veur states, that the Lnlvev~sit d0111tCvit I only to call the matter to the attention of 4i'r itcal -elwreStudents may look forward to >4 per'cei't, imure fromil 1h SLtate during the M Iarsedatives and then ppearan eof the nzttotn L iL te.with pleasant anticipation. The sratnthan idid d(ing the preceding one. I cover is to be of five-color dei t e, however, that prior to the Present atdminiist ._a-_ sign The magazine itself will Ibe eight. by eleven inches i i ihe Universiy was not receiving an appropliat1. size. consisting of approxiniately oqlatc at all to the Ideal of a great state university A tACIL though the aplpol-priitiol has increased 2u COMING EVENTS t "celt inder the martinn .cegime the eirolment at the -vrsity, in the same period has increased too from "It) 800 to L,000, approximately 250 Peicent. in this t April 2-Freshman dual xneet with Ocala t High School Id iodA, alzo, the ability of the state to provide for th there; Lieisity has increased easily as mich as a result of the .i'a .etA revenue from taxes arising front increments in April 3-Organ recital. 3a n U Nlde Murh rt 'e at Ithe :t h:ti po1pUlation and assessed values of land. The' Martiln a1torium. tuniistration has done well by the University of Florida, April 4-Florida debates Auburn in ihnpel-8 i. mink, but no better than was deserved and not eveiiOrA iltlci a wa rquied n iewoftlu prseit onestonApril 5-John Temple Graves scheduled bor T ues(daV U as was required in view oh the present congestioCape. ii taipiUs and the lack. of funds for proper .pymentApril 5-Masqueraders show at Jacksonville. mis.ctors and for increase in the number of instrucs,.-If a continued growth of this state and its instituApril 7-Election of student body officers. io is anticipated it is necessary to anticipate too a conApril 7-Florida debates Duke in Auditorium-8 p. m. Inual increase in the funds to be appropriated for the Election returns will be announced here. \k.11 services of the state. April 7-Talk in Chapel on South America-Profes. OUR POOR UNIVERSITY (Clearwater Herald, 1i4 state budget commission's proposed expenditure oj tihe Univer,4ty of Florida for the next two years will -:ioit to $234.39 a student, according to the computation .F. Maguire, president of the university's alumni as>04. nation. Ills figures are based on the amount approved j tIl'budget committee for school work and the portion I his money which will actually be used in educational '\0rk at the university as a good part of the ILund wil dii\erted into county work and buildings. The average amount per student is computed on state A school figures which indicate that registration for 27session will total around 2,250 students while for 2i the registration will total 2,450, a total attendance i f ae two years of 4,700 students. Bueno. April 7-Glee Club trip to Georgia. April 9-Varsity track meet :with the Univervity of Havana. April 11, 12-Military inspection. April 15, 16-State High School track meet here. April 18-Florida debates L. S. 1. here at 8 p. I.! Auditorium. April 18-23-There will be short course .for Meternien. Department Electrical Engineering. April 22-Dance given by Bacchus Club at the University Gymnasium. Two million elephants could not do the work now being done by General Electric motors. Whatever the work to be I I SA VI) K, TRcrJ' KiE RI&(,Y)IU) OR BR I1jI t'q -k Songster ReI'er wes in Atlan ta Mal rage fa 4 Iterrj te % versity of Kentucky, $474.30; University of South Caro Bl G Copaes. lina, $351.93; University of Texas, $384.51; Louisiana uaGLE State University, $795.50-The University of Florida, Ready; AppearMA A pa234.39That isn't a sheet of figures for Floridians to be Here April 19th proud of. The University of Florida has requested slightly iGatorV more than five million dollars for work that is imperative cially Closed ; Student Su to keep the state institution abreast the progress of tne port Praised. rest of the state. The budget commission and other ageDAter.i "Blut atr. the niers >i n1oiler-t cies have trimmed the sum until tn university will ge lof -;ar e orouiesty h mf ti about 38 cents on the dollar of what it has requested fo thecatiOpu ndich i stiurrI'nding a new buildings and money to carry on the academic work. tew stands for the first timC Tho Jde At the present time the dormitory at the state univer>itv toApril 19. j.i a tCOMr11 wi-. is crowded beyond reason and he cost of living ott pesent to hee(priner .ivi. sen to the printers. ; .A fI' campus so much higher hat many boys who can not get At the last meeting, of thesC bth i interested in the new niagazine. -heir dei room in the dormitory are compelled to stay away from held Wednesday night in the L% offer Ib collegrebuilding. Editor-in-Chief Dennm tth( .olg--A g ,, a d Allan Ramisev. ill Th, y -bI It is further a fact that many boys from the hi har nd Alla Rati:s. toth lwc h a re O ft 5l11)Scl i ~ i ~ s. b t schools of the state are compelled to attend colleges in made report, il which they stated that the work in both other states because our own college is inadequate to care the editorial anti circulation d(itfor our high school graduates. And when students g artments hail been almost fnout of the state to attend universifs, especially the staw A wealth of wonderful mnaintitutions of other sections, the cost mounts rapidly .terialfor' a1humorous rnagazine ha t t en turned il.h rore. i Every high school graduate of Clearwater ando < fact than there r ille i. room for. Florida should have an opportunity to attend his state iiThe subscription campaign which has been in progress for the stitution but it isn't to his particular advantage to do o last few weeks was officially as long as a penurious budget committee trims the average eloed by Ramsey at the meefIn ng ~esdlav night. ani jhI. expenditures per student to half what is expended In report showed that the e neighboring states. thecanlus had prvsj)ond4'(1 ed in backing the new publication. The Herald is not attempting to solve the problem J Men at the University of Florof how to raise the necessary funds to care for this needida are to be complimented nstandingbehind the effort-i ed expansion in the state university because it would be a the staff of "Blue Gator'." I iresuiption to undertake t(o solve the problems which reh CI rd a I r 'I ic 1 (u WIII 'y &Ot~i tU; 1410i .(11 -1 ua.t.Sl -9~~.WE4~. "-. ~eshi -r -5-:Cment of the -lloca-Cola Prize I 1-pear in man a and in the fO i"1dZ! nes: i'vening Post.May? .May 14 cckl .May 21 May14 May 5 s contest for the, months. College Itowil -I ,C ol[. (Co., AtlanuAO A ~' N, mo 141t 4' : r V creek, W*n th44 r 'ttng that 'eavy f a',r to speak!". j .i ,jjjnd ta Elephan't~s The elephant is rmnrrn'c nost intclligcnt helper. Be consider this intcre;tin impari;n An elephant is much thn tl, electric motor a yardere" or logging, n thin. Th(2 'varder" has power of twenty elephant s; it handles clusters of it works dependably, ttnty four uri ;t a s if necessary. Twenty elephant. v I. 24 ( oundS green food, whi v 1 of jlant must ga A motor "eat:''" t tv li the throw of a s.ith.i u [I V i GA INESVILLE LAUNDRY. INC. .4 .-XriI 9 -: blisher'8 --11 "'fts ar'tu~ ( d Studio ( .tk ia 4 1-%lt e f the I hold. ni in '71 tM,~f-V~ I I AErf 414 t(~c1, w ~'I; L rXi IBrooker IOa X 4, 14 11 N i r' fanie \\ 'I nasci u::Trs \ 

PAGE 3

SATUROAy, APRIL 2, 1927 I ----.--------------.------.-'---.-----A' ___ ItOccurs O s By H. C. Evans, Jr. I* Of course I favored with all my heart the action taken Christmas oy the American Association of College Professors to fig-ht against the movement to forbid teachers from talking about evolution. And at that I am not so sure that old maci Darwin was rizht. But I am in accord with every movement that leads to academic freedom and protects teachers fromt hech eap bullying to which they are sub-jected so constantly nowadays by outsiders who claim that they have a right to tell them how to think. The only thing that puzzles me in this recent row nxp t h ix tell him he might lose university appropriations, that he was displeasing the taxpayers, that he was disappointing the parents and that he was suspected of leaning towards Sovietism. But did Guizzo ncontent himself with one of these methods? Not he; no, no! With one fell swoop he dragged in all of them and tied them up to my attacks on the rat system, which evidently had wounded his sensibilities. It was a literary triumph. One might almost refer to it as an epilipsy of literatureSo don't overlook him; he is almost too good to be true. I have n desire of wrangling with the gentleman or any of his cohorts, but I would like to tell him that all of the parents to whom I have talked, and they have been quite a few, told ne they approved in toto of my position on the rat system; so has every member of the faculty who has discussed it with me. So have quite a number of the b,% I-Q hn X'i 1 A -4U 4 I -_________________________________-~-------______ -------Among the groups that are sponsoring the new literary movement is the Alpha Theta fraternity, an organization for the betterment and interest of cultural reading among the students. We commend the members of that particular group for their work in this line and such an interest will naturally lead to improvement. With the comingof spring of the year there is always a renewed interest in every line of activity on the camIpus. Florida' is Florida more at this time f the year than at. any other and the campus is a scene of energetic endeavors. The elections the coming exams, interest over hasball games and tennis matches, coming track events, work on new and yearly publications, distant house parties and various other phases of campus life are attracting those who will be interestedworld, he was deputy sheriff of his county at one time. We do not remember whether he said he carried agun or not. For vice president, Lanier, descendant probably of the great literary figure, Sidney, announces that he will carry the non-fraternity votes. Ferguson, in his boyish way, says that he would like to be vice president some time even if not now and announces that he will stay in school until this ambition is reached. Al! Ferguson, A. B., M.A. LL.B., vice president of our student body. For secretary and treasurer it is Cleare that it wil be a close race hughes chimes in with a "may the best man win." The publications should have our greatest care this election. What, this campus needsi R, a better system of publication work. We can not have such when we elect incompetent men t othe major offices on our 1h0 .i 11roaclhin9r election is the publications. Give these eight ofonly and your selection is plain. Majors or Hunnicutt? AL. Methinks there is some mistake on the part of someone somewhere. For managing editor, well, if were a study in nature or outdoor life, I would say that the Byrd is surely capable of light!ng on the Branch in this case no matter how high the Branch may rest on the trunk. For the business lanagership 'the gre-Piper and Bayn'ia d will It-ck horns. It would hardly result in another case whert he who dances niust pay the piper. The F Book. Oh! el. Crosier and Padgett! Shut your eyes men and grab. You might resort to the same method for the business end tooIf anyone would like to know who the managers are to '>e; for the various athletic teams on the campus next year he has but over evouiio Is w y couege n o s. inave t a dea thatot e professors should have suddenly neither the taxpayer the parents t i th( day. At present fices your closest attention men. but to glance over the list of become so excited over the fact nor the legislators will take it "aml>us o1)iili n has iththat the For editor-in-chief of the Aliathletic ou'cil. There will be that other people are censoring amiss that a man has come here n'rati(-partyhslightator we have Dreamwold ShaNothing (lose about that ra-e. their interpretation of the first to teach school and has taken edw e but an election is never and English. Before you vote I have gone into the most chapter of GenesisIt has been enough interest in it to resent Wo un il thel ast vote is cat on these two men go over the important of the officers (n the one of the chief indoor sport the way freshmen are treated and counted. This year's elect_ records of each carefully an. campus. except probably the of the American people for years' b% upperclassmen U On promisEs t, be the most take ito consideration the abiicheer leaders, and I leave the to inspect schools and harry de. -nteritig for somne few years. ty of each. For managing editor rest of the candidates for your ___is eccols a d h rre ,we would rather not make a c osid e a n. dJu sfo your fenseless pedagogues out of 0 comment. It is useless to take consideration. Just do your duty their jobs "because the taxpay1As t elections, I might, at up time on an office that is t lyoun y have en of this community are npt this particular time, give a few practically won and only needs on the campus and we will n .satisfied with what their children Gator < pinions which are both personal the count of the votes to place nno 'are being taught." If the origin Sdn public. The race for the he best man in officeFor th only have better publications tbut etter vrtin le of man were the only subject ';residency promises to be the business end the situation is ut which there was regula-,est on the ticket. Wallace, the rather a delicate one. We have We would like to state here Sn' of they thought and expres.nizz0oi Great Commoner, better and more Pratt who has made a fairly that this column will not become n of school teachers, the ppo-i fitting known as "Boll Weevil," good success of that end thi a Campbell-Hall affair and that sion would indeed be a happy -is the Beefsteak nominee. Just year. On the other hand we anyone wishing to criticise the e. The new interet il the literwhat hs platforim is we do no have the great Rosin, whose statements made in this column ary on the campus is one of the know and as far as we can see, string of'business successes range will have the ful use of tht On the contrary, under eve~y best things that has taken place he will not ni(,od one. Wyse, the from publications to organizaforum and if your advise is cuse possible in the present among the students in some time. people's choice and the wearer of tion and back. good we will heed it, if not, we Ay schoolmen are being forbid -There seems to be a revived no man's collar, has not benefitted The Seminole should bear our will act accordinglyAfter we den to use their own jud interest in witing and modern 1v several years experience on most careful consideration. Bemake a statement we move on, In teverysubecsw udgemen literature. Intelligent dcussionfsthe cam pus, and places his faith fore we have seected our mantrusting that the reader will Imch. The purpose of modern are taking the place of the ordiin the hands of those who vote agers for this publication wit see th. logic in the statement. educationn is to train boys and nary bull sessions and such a !or a mail and not for what he little care and hbve received No wrd that enters, this column 1dcirl1s to go ctizns w revived interest is bound to lead'is and what he alone stands for. the same kind of an annual in. is entered until it is thoroughly .irls to be good citizens, we ar< to better things not only for the God help you John! Mizell, the returnThis year you have but, thought over. We make ous .;ang who believes as we do and students themselves but for the pride of the Democrats, has had to look at the list of candidates ettemint :mi neztr retreat nor votes right. It follows then that :inivrsity as well most experience in the political for a period of five minutes add. n-tes r-ght.'I--fo--ows-th------t any body of good citizens has a perfect right to see to it thot their children are not being pc.uted by hearing ideas which they themselves do not hold. -thus can Republicans rid them#&ves of dangerous Democrats bile good Democratic communbis can demand the head of aAyL -publican who shows his re ors. I used to teach the soni THERE ARE NO FEATHERS IN OLD GOLD CGA TE a Republican politican who put SO THEY CAN'T TICKLE YOUR THROAT boy (18 years old) to bed out supper if he ever quoted 1e on Woodrow Wilson. As lg as I was in New Orleans, principle visited mn class bily in colonial Ameriin hisy to be sure that I did not anything against Catholics; soon as I reached Austin,ps, Iwas ale to report headquarters the first month -4 school for talking about the Klux. And in each case I informed that the taxpayers that community had a right know thatotheir children WeM 1ng given correct principle, of *izenship. One of the words which dig.-i Ii ill,ingly seems to be under the! toit-ri. completely in respectablesflit' ,coflvthll l",I IIim )i fSl N oWo he 10 d t o '-i f t : l' i i.lt'~ t' ItaVI(. eCi: ~hI(~i't rtI es oday is "lierty" W n8L' is shown by the fellows tell us that these wild teli's who speak of "liberty" Ile realize there is no such g today! Liberty! 'Ugh! It %UY is a good old-fashioned can word. If my mind is g me well, it seems to me I used to walk down around Battery and the Aquarium on tn Island and look across harbor toward a statue green with age of a matclady they called the God.-, S of Liberty. Gossip reported Ut her that she was supposed be enlightening the world.t poke a good deal of finat ancestors, for not speaking Thinn. as flaringly as we how they said limbs" instead *Ig5" for instance, but I a faint idea that in so7e they were holder. For they to say the word "liber" out in public. I wonder if Vald be considered absolutely 'can if we taught more liberty and a little less restraint. am glad to see a literarY ity on the campus and it every success. I hope do not feel that I am ofOus if I recommend some one -ve member to tfiemmind is wandering back to 'Ja. a: Mr, -nizon. the -lild A l: i -l I III III, -~ -S leap I It ) '' I C k illh none Of fit-il. ________________________________________I addedl, "a Cough III n .:tI A "I'm going back to the liav't ack ,' continued. "I' ma have overlooked the needle, but I'm conVill vou can't dintd a comuh Inia car-load o(0,I ) Gx i l L C I. i' 20 w15c4bD SALESCHRYSI 7WVVV~VVVWV'YVVVVVVVWVVV G AINESVILLE FIT Victrolas and PhoneI NEW RECORDS EN RNITU1E CO. Records 44 hI~j 'I -~' 'I r I ERY FRIDAY *VAL J. W. McCOLLUM & COO THE REXALL STORE UNITED CIGAR STORE AGENCY Special Gillette Razor and Shave Cream deal .794 Spwial Pipe and TobaccoD eal --M.-E. *--. -w--ow GWainesvile Is a Buick Town CGANESVILLE BUICK CO. -OTTO F. STOCI TAILOR Nreii i ry (leaner fle creases that stay put Phone 354 so -Nw*d Nw-~ dwAMM "t SERVICE'' Santary Cleaners -and Dyers 236 E. Union Street PHONE 675 "RESULTS" '9 '9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 9 I 9 9 9 I We invite you to make our store your down-town headquarters 1 i ADDY PAGE LERSERVICE COMPANY t.South INESVILLE, FLA. FIARMACY to 10:30 p. 0O McGRIFF MOTOR 211A-W. ain St PHONE 245 THRASHERS P1 Delivery Service 8 a. m. Phone 36, 7 DtOr ias )f1 ~tret t U 0~ .mwo e cafrinnI'U'CT CIGARETTE 11 t, i. 4,1 CT ,:; I Q& I 

PAGE 4

PAGE TV THL=B FLORwAALLGATOR -a Clubs sciety and Clubs Bacchus Club Dance Scheduled April 22 Another big dance has been announced for the Easter Follies week.end. This dance will be -'E*Aven by the Bacchus club rn F 'day night, April 22, and will ake the second dance that has n announced for that date. same night the Pirate ball be given at the Womern's Y.McCranie's orchestra will play f4% the Bacchus club dan-e, whfir 1l probably be given in the ity gymna-ium. The a scheme will be ollowA.T.O.'s Capture Bridge Tourney With High Score Pi Delta Epsilon Contest Ends With Sigma Chi's Runner-Up; Hobbs High Point Man. The finals of the Pi Delta Epsilon inter-fraternity bridge tournament were played off at the SA. E. house last Friday night. The A T 0 i, capableSpecific changes were suggested to 'this end, but in a broad manner. The university was then without a president, and though the faculty received the student opinions with genuine interest, little was dozen at the time. With the opening of the fall senwester, stt~dent aId faculty committ'ee worked on the problem, independent of each other. Thel faculty committee was appointed by the new president (Arnold Bennett Ilall) while the student committee was a self-constituted group, made up of the remain. ing members of lastyea r's committoe and several additions. The Emerald again became its mouth. piece, and the new Eemerald editor acted as chairmanThe student committee, working with SATURDAY, APRIL 2, is doubtless true that I am a this column sounds like :sone rather insignificant person, and of your masterful productions. H I ES C FE E I worthy of little talk. Q. E. D. There are several perfectly a troButi"9n ,ewhich a -e joinedHAINES CAFETERIA But in a very un-neighborly cious sentences which are joined fashion, I have been labeled tottogether with commas, and th I e ally insig neffi whoe column Is assinine enough cieni. and too unintelligent to foi you to have written it aitIIo ailfGood retire from a severe shower of! by your lonesome. Corner o n, "a Lewi s. break down and confess. There, gentlemen. averyl And if you aren't writinehe nice little pie. I merely offer new eruptions. who is .t aint it as an example of the sprinwr ice take advatacr f styles iTn MUD. this way. Thuri. was a vague hazy r efer -EWARD L. J I -1 1 '. -1 -A 'iM 0 ene in last Wvek S 1SUOi01iso"' tremondolous artifice that (id MI work; a clever suhtf rfug( which the relcntlesMr. Laird lai i bare. It was not possible from that artic le ti i razp the awesome fsignificance of this astound ing revelation. but it at lea' lingti to mind another b on" t ha t Should h)v fl red and yellowV, wbie 1vti. i ..eam wi it a grandti last year's report ag 'basis 01 upenti' i4A x44'. total seort yoar94repwrt founbasIs o e~s xpsd ar* colors of th. club. total score of 9442 was found to activity. concentrated on the need fearlessly exposed. -Y1% a formal dance, be in first place, having somefI' granting broader opportunity The l)emocratic Parry." \ery not a co ume affair Eliot thing around i thousand points to the superior student. qppealin', that name. It savors her, chai n c* the dance lead overi th1 ia rest rival, the Under the student plan the of] iberty bonds, and 'to hell ASigmia ('hi*' whfiNi0dscn.viht( asr".n hhi committee, will nd ut as many m i finished second. resent four-year college course with the Kaiser." and the "home invitations as it will be possible The A. T. 0'> have been awarded, would be divided into two units of :h fr-eBut watt, strip to accomodate a this dance. therefore, the Pi Delta Epsilon oif two years each. In the heif tih lamb's clothing, and o! bridge cup, to be retained until lief that the high schools do ther' i5 the leering countenance The Bacchus club held their the finals of next year's tournanot now train their student .o the hamburger wolf. It wa first meeting of the year last rmentAny team winning tho1 real univrvrsitv work, conscefetiy a lever subterfur. but it id Thursday night in Peabody aucup three years retains the CuT) liiwerini" the standard of the first 1ot, work. ditorium. At t is meeting the permanently. two university years, juniO There Is .iSt e o e atTr realy pledges had a opportunity of Frank Hobbs, of the A. T. 0. collg Crsf of two years was fl'tt little joke that I wish t ledesg thad a oortnity of__t won the fountain pen r'eg'(Igaried as a necessity. Its .mn meeting the men of the orawarded to the individual high futct ion won!b! be the rounding telw. Ia, s abGut a nhis drea organization aid their fellow rioint scorer of the tournament. out of the high school education, ful person has threatened to T pleges. M. ARosin, Phi Beta Delta, with pri\isiouis for graduatingexterniiate politics at the U11_ The first of the meeitg was h m. '4fI As devtedtithe election o ificer ilsl for the ensuing year. Harvey As Yancey wa selected presidentrand been Every at once took his chair and cononery ducted the rest of the meeting. enter Other officers elected were: Eliot absence Fletcher, vice president; Cecil -n Killer,esecretary, and Bill Bond chief J3easurer. a( The vice president, Eliot and a these etcher, who acts as chairman theyT the dance committee, appointed lowers the following men to work with on th m on this committee: Pinkey ing f *oodberr Billy Watson, Tom nual t Ozmer a d Venton McDonald. year President Yancey appointed Ralph Com DaUghtery publicity manager. as fo The remainder of the meeting was taken up in discussing th 2 S club's plans for the rest of the a year. The club decided to put 4 T on a dance during the Easter FolliesThe date set for this is V ) Friday night, April 22. The final 7.S plans will be announced later. p.-T The annual SiAna Tau ban10 quet was held Friday, March 25,1 at the Primrose Grill. The din-; 12. ing room was beautifully decorate dwith the fraternity colors 14 of blue and white. Seventeen' members and the following members of the faculty were present: j Dean J. R. Benton, Dr. W. H.1 Beisler, P*of. P. L. Reed, Prof.' 1 Melvin PAice. Professor Reed 3144acted As'loastmaster. 18. The following speeches were 5758 riven during the banquet: 19. Welcome to Ncw Members--' Ted Lundv; Response-Will Cockrell; What an Honorary Fraterni21. ty Should Accomplish-Dean Ben22. ton: Ideals of Sigma Tau-Pro12,337fessor Price; Accomplishments of Upsilon Chapter--Bobbie Ross. After the speeches the banRad quet -was turned into an informal discussion. Matters of fraternity interest weer discussed, and many In points were brought out to the benefit of all those present. One U of teh main topics of discussion was a better cooperation of students with the faculty. Several Edit members of the fraternity dising cussed it and some interesting irfor rAiuit 5 were brought out. Oreg Flor II.)1 ew 1itpel Ch oir Wil that Sin t Easter Slunday ham Eme The chapel choir of the Uni Eug versity of Florida is rehersing dent in preparation for their spring groun tour which will start during the jabOut first (.f April and will included sitYI a large number of the neighbor-j to the ing towns. Rehersals are being severa held every Monday evening' in street the university auditorium, under tion. the supervision f Director John that XV. IDguThey and month M)rrplireed ffzrElfls Dr. A. A. Murphree, pr'sidlnt, ,t the I niversit yof Florida. At_ tended the State Chamber cf Conimeree convention that was held at Orlando during the past week. Dr. IMurphree is a11'-iemher of the board f di4rector,;nd is very active in chamber of commerce work throughout the state having contributed ver". much to its success. --i--_ 'The F!-lna .\li atr Si r: I I *(,r e er'thi .ii l-tiI gs I M .Um ---mw 1 H It anIea's that tle count I-L the 'Florida Alligator., are -; com-ng as tIf ro betwVee a criminal trial. a detected story magazine and a poutical brawl. Er -pissiblv it i a deI icate question ti a k. but wh1 is it that '(Gator C> sip m )LstriouSly annontymous IA 9 To :ivy 1,1e u rt m it, It ielii gsiO least as well written Ird t a. to 9 \\ -lI('41 14's telh -en t y c iio nut el as Vi iu WO Ma( cIll them no by :1Art tcll 9-14' ( -oI 4ee Colors '-azi nt ion1jI-rI ATIN. ngus Laird atPhI !and dIiIgent rsCrch 9ha n 9 nIInC(ld that '' areshnin hyI hi, ad ralcrui,', tiame (d ')uckxvall'' hail it to Im te lli-1 c1 e o r ho a bi lit v T I rite certain letter to lb 1, rum iI I which 4111 ii1i An ii II t' k e. -1.fXw'co lea secon.-iI NPlw-00-fsw V( S d-IQ at the ('nd( of tw, years those I Besek plts frt1t t. hceliisiilfel-___----a whole the tournament !mis peisonsj wh( d re de-sirous or i-Beefsteak polities. So far eetion. Whoreupon,: 11r s a very decided succes-. (apable 'f pursuing Ii their (edIit is reported that two freshmen man Va btigi iice i-e at14l i-(-fraternity on the camp'r cation further. The registrant 't rin )ahunpka have been 'nad hint i rihis 1o111or ho the eda team, and not a single wh works at half capacity It -el> tii-stl t4d to lHamburter "Allieator" smikl ) if Gartider ._-_ cO from play was marked four years would be required to doctrines. due to the brilliant: Ipr, A s an e e ia'I st a fraternity. Powell work at full capacity for wo at it id sia rkhingT' puns of erbise si iiit Y me T RE s and John Fox were this h granting of a (PIrti tis n mitable dlt! If You real-t t'il, Iw. d' i ii thmk i u( in charge of the affair, ficate tilhe n of the unior 'ly wish9alarge, .I th I" 1 great deal of credit is du college course was expected t' ricnI laug-h, read his mutations tWid .l' n uu a s nii gentlemen for the efforts satisfy those who make up thi tnth is issue. There never was I ubLstiane :nd so likely to aaaput fopth The various f piuil class in the university. By Iaythin' quite like it before. ter hack upon the original slin yr f of the game of briuige sifting the registrants, it wa, Thus endetht he first lesson. i'r'. Andd ais ;I lboth know, An29adqarters or e Florida campus are looksupposed that those who continuCHARLIE CROZTER. ititish is to rlir' ti ii ( bthi o ouard to the second an ed would be better able to doII keep even : little 1 -mT xt 'o an( Supplies Wurnament to be held next high calibre work because I : howlingg on his hoiet counth:ithe itermediate wtraininu', I I IN RE:AIR. ZZce. ,We havo r wIV 91 plete final standings are the lpresence of fewer student ..keotho thaiVN't w A : i old Irik 9 llowsI :11)l dclightc( If) ind that fui -h says that it' Ilk werv o lwpha TauOmega.9442 to 01ra the coeducational (nlrgi somel has faiith, even if it tell w hy he quit thn efstak' pig Chi, that 'ightfull belong tci th II IOtOn btit t't,-our new colylmClub, woulI tut the Allgatir hi Delta Thetai, 80 seUs student. ist, Mr Guizzon. He says, you into scandal sheet. But h 'heta Chi e 5201 The 5Cec0nd tw'o years would knew. hat after be makes a hoesn't v stspCct that y"u bhet (h,50.strictly uprdviin p-A I r k" atoesn (,\,In suspl-TtIthatvod ( Tau Epsilon Phi, 481S .ttoly per division, OP statement he moves on he does ()ft'icial Rec'ognitionu would notl R4.116a1 a44 orlI013 Pi KappaPhi3588to thse persons who had notsa where--trusting that the permit him to sully the sheets )f Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 20 least by average quality work reader vill iee the logic in his our pure and conservative periodKappa Alpha E9Z during the first two years quali~ statement. Really, Lewis if yo ical with thi ldairk secrets (if hI.9 Pa p tapet -24. fied for higher education. The mut have a em tc -a registrants permitted (I tiI-jdconliurger Phi Beta Delta. 2240. muthveorteHm ol past. He sho uld be asham. Delta Chi, 1978.( istrats would on-ctn a derrpolitical column you ought d fthem instead of threateaAlpha Delta, 1817. tinue,existent lan.T e ho unoer to fid.wh nn ri I' ) fl sfl oek ourt s of id n u -the existent plan. The honors a decent sentence and ati die 'eKv by senditig them to the Sigma Nu,9T5. Student would be cared for in dacnt oIto sn ,fo-e b 9 t Delta Tau Delta. rti. u point or two (ito i xhn What does h thitik Kappa Sigmn, 41R.h p h s1 Puns are bad enouonbt wh n "Confessions" and "True Stil:" Pi Kapp Alpha,, dq w l, l"I'oviOU5 (t'oltplishinent and thev haven't any points --hotest magazines ire printed for, a rvi Pu l m Wzh Ienf P apa AlhIntivecapacity.basedonworkI 't even laugh and I tried >P u f this' Phi Kapp Tau down, owe diisiO courses, and harl fate. hadsychological t's and other oavfou ever readlanv0f!. Sigma Phi Epsilo e the suggested as Sidnevy Lani' poetry, Lewis -" -wA 9 of selection for honor standing. ff Mhow in the horriible,doAl ThetatKappaNu. own enti it ls y hown' in yout-know-what have you got to n.t(]rion fclt seommnuathe nerve to link David Lanier R9Delta Tau, down, 737. ._t name with that of the poet. Rom_ and Alpha GaNoma Rho, dwi 1 cprehtensie examination given Nw don't think that I 'am mud bY a faculty body. The student slinging: I am just trying to B ardin g o1ist linramid, down, 9258. himself would be permitted to -kep idnvy Lanier's name from Py ramhl, own. 9858 apply for hti li rs standin-t. ~ 'pitlt' ai'si~iefo qivm-Lnmbda Tau. d(N, y rhs dneing hestmirked. I think that S.he is a gOod poet, and even if he ---The univet'it ychapcl cho is weren't" he's (lead, ot know. b husy rehearsing for their coming and it isn't fair to tk :lvantIa;oncerts .in the churches in the age of him this way. .Multigraphing and TypeSd tghboring towns, DirehtorJ.WW E Education At [niv. of Oregon ors Note:-The followarticle describing recent rms at the University oft zon was written for the ida Alligator and the 7 Student 1wv a senior at institution. So Abrason, editor of the Daily rald. ene Ore.,-(By New Stu-; Service)-For the backd of the radical change to he made at the Univerof Oreg'on, one mnust look e spring of 1926, when1 L students gathered on a corner after an examinaand touched on a problem vas bothering each of them. were nearly all seniors.1 vith graduation only three s away, they had suddenly become aware of the inadequacies of the educational program. Upon exchanging views they concluded that something' evidently was wrong The student's awakenin came too late. Among those in this group was the editor of the Emerald. student daily. TImmediately after the spring') vacation he called together several juniors and seniors, eight in all. and proposed an examination into the university's educational machinery. with a view to ascertaining eBruyn announces' i Tery irst n one't wlout T -rd lightin on the Branch, Their first cono ter how high up th held Easter Sunday and it bi1r0 may -grow htl the tree; Qpecial At planned that a chicken dimnlriii and all that applesauce about to Stud he given after their siig'ng. the great Piper and Baynar ++++ + + + + + + + locking horns, even though this 129 E. 1 time no one will pay the pip' Pho + + just what has all 'that got to FORUM do with the election Maybe + + it'< nny ht I had ono of m11v most energetic freshnm'n tickle 4 4+* +4. m foran hour after I hall read 1Titr 'It. anilI haven't laughed ye!. IW EL idon't know about the Byrd's hopping merrily on the Branch singBack to t'I'1h-' :1 ing bob o' link, spink, spank, jy -t bein s -pink, chee, chee. chee and son f,on; but I am certain that Piper and Bananitl are ne oing C 'V''12<-'''" t,~i lock horns; they're neither one Editor. that kind of boys. They're noth)nfl ..ing you know, if not re!pectablei The Florida Aligator.ad oneratve i Si:and consei-vative7 i'a Self preservation beinh I hate to insult Guizzon. Lewis. Ph first law of nature itisin the but if that Hawkshaw letter firt aw f atue.i 1 in 01 smacked of Gardner Piper then sense starrtling that one should m rise up in righteous wrath andi indignation upon receiving a I 1)ORI BARRER SIN terrfic volley of round shotj broadside. I personally ha dpre~~, dletermnedto phibosophicall yig i Guaranteed Seric e o rud CO teS%)1 nor(, the probable splatter and West Side Square -J. C. Pr splash ot oizy mire and to reas a conveyor for partisan matfrain froni using the Alligator ter of any kind: but, having beer the target for a somewhatjgoodly, share of mud. and noting with regret the tendency toward degrading' the freedom of the press for selfish reasons, and it seems that the only redress I an d~,~ dp~4fol,ti i4 -;z th.,-4, inh +h I I HEW WAV I REIMEIDY I Main St. N. ne 258 -ite COME It our City urn rpany THE CIRCULATING LIBRARY e9S2pa1*C 0IN: STIFHI' IPHONE 24&.W i t Side 9 2 t $1000-0 one .a9e1 t fiction and books Of popular ent I 9 iiferest including Roiance, Adted 9 cntiNre. W tern Stories. ster 9p aorie, nd 1 hort rt i. -011 s ou'MOWt \ M 4dded Fe/ Iee Se a Day th vat Prop. a at 9( \I'I \\ Il-. i' (OME AND 1.00K THROUGH N' raMISS AN A TAYLOR P 1 e ks -ale p 4 m w -w -o w -E W M o.401W 4m u. q w " m w "a w a mte v a p -' 'I, I 1) V 4 Vt ~4j I I I i 

PAGE 5

_ RAY APRIL. Y. 1927 U R Aol& ilk __ T*jB VI4ARJAALUJGATOIR I FLORIDA NET STARS TO MEET Three Leave For TULANE-TEX. IN NEW ORLEANS 'Legislature's The r University of Florida SPORTS WRITERS ennis aggregation left Gaines.O nA e for New Orleans, Louisiana, ORGANIZE FOR A O A --itrsafrernonthewhere they ;t NUENTION HERE Warren, Lewis, McClelan Tel and ih t niversty and Miller Join Legislators Tein ad Tulane lnversity Parsons Elected President; In T aah ee. a trianvie meet. Coach H. C. To Meet H fvans ctompanied the t('an. April 16. BC. T. PARSONS The Florid:1 team made an The University of Florida's *xcelhrt -ihtwin' in the southTit' sports writers on the student body will be depleted by eastern turn-tment. Yenawine 1-niversityof Florida campus four men when the regular ses sj Slaer l'eatnv Tilden-and I tin the journalism office on o t e Florida legislature fis !npt hte'. mis eterin the 'umsday morning: and formed the convenes at Tallahassee on April finals In 0th state intercolleiiUniversity of Florida Sports >. The students who will join tes, Captain rIank Harris deWriters club. C. T. 'Bill" Parthe throng of legislators are heated (:o e I-Ne the s'n5 was elected president of Fuller Warren "America's Young_ m the club and Bill Bond was est Solon" and representative of awm : ft Sae om -chosen as secretary. Calhoun county; Clay Lewis. ped 'uhles. Professor 0. K. Armstrong, representative from Gulf county; Chainerain or Tulane bowed adviser of the club, gave a short Amnon Mcflehlan, youthful radbeforc 'rm Slae d %f Florida talk stating that one of the ing clerk of the house of repreIn the 1nal f the Southern purposes of the club is to tak sentatives, and X. T. Miller, asConference met last springan active part in entertaininI r distant secretary of the senate. Berkley Bell f the Universitv the sport writers of the state \Warren, who was elected to f Texas fre hmar team is one whn they meet here drilrlnlg thf, office before he attatined his of the ranl-! na -. perform F. .A. track mwet. The majority is an able member of ers in thc country. sport writs onvention will b the ,niverity's debating and Beals \\Ii ih t, former not "I ld Saturdayi morninir at 9:00 boxin11 tejis and one of the player and now ne (f the -1 'clock. April 6 fno4 tpomla r students on the sandIinF erit :s the gane. S:inm lutz and Dill(n Graham Mcalmus. declared that ht was certainl.V w1re appoi-ted hairmen of the.MCCIh1Is a debater and impressed with the showin c (mo-flmnittees on program and ari manager of the freshman box-* the Florida boys nt Ormond n1rements, respectively. Bill ing team. He has also distinlast week and that he is going Covode was selectedl to aid Sam guished himself by being the o en( .11Or to arrange meet iltt on his committee author of Florida's first legislatween Floirida and Harvard The i'lub1) is '(Ompozed f, stutive manual which will come from xt year at Cambridge. dents who write for papers In the press shortly after the se-. The mwn ,aking the trip for all sections of the state of sion begins, thus following in the orida are: Captain Frank Florida, Associated Press and footsteps of s g-reat, great, rris, No. I: George Yenawine, thit nited News Service. Sam grea uncle Judge James F. o. 2; Tom' Slade. 3; WilP z. -p rs 'ditor (Gainesville McClellan wIh made the first Cleveland. No. 4. The two San, will be an active number 'impilation1 f Florida statutes hmen are: Gus F Iiuer. No. 1: although he ic not a student. mn a \'lurne called '"McClellan'; i l oIs I I2r N o 2 .' h e p e r o n n e l i s a s f o l l o w s : .jD i g e s t o f F l r i d a L a w s." T Bn rnes Peie ill R d n WA]rre'n01 anld I.xwiS are stUdents Ihedths eenusedont nh Lonn -, .1. SIr)etary; Edniund H. Smith, in the Law (llege and McCe. for six years, and in this time versity deans, faculty members ..illon Graham, Charles S. Aus lan is at r'r-sent enrolled in the students have had no )b aind psychologists as to why this THETA CHIOS FOR ley, Bill Covode, Milton Mitchell, the School -f Journalism but jection to its design, and furthermorbid tendency has spread OIIEY B4LI TIT E ,Francis Harris. K. C. pratt andl will enroll in thLaw College more it would be unfair to the among students. Now we would Ammon McClellan. ne't -mester. alumni to change the ring and like to know how undergraduates ----. -o hence make theirs worthless and themselves interpret the abnorRemaining Sports on Intra.out of date. The matter of the mal attitude which some of their Mural List To price of the ring was alo fellows have toward life." Start Soon. Da ne brought up. It was declared Besides $100 for the best s00 dRthat if we adopt a ring and use word answer to thiquestion.A U. ~loJt U. the Post has :d l(i offered S li SeX eta of the intra-mural Appears ereea y r texfort a certain length of tim ee Post has Ptlblfered, Sports have been completed andR a daee o Next that the price will gradually dey the remaining will soon swing crease amid1 this can never be -into action. The volleyball tour.-M onday NightThree Contests done if the ring design is con-+++++++.+.+.-. + nament was brought to a close !tinuously changed.+ ?ecently when the Tau Epsilon Florida Meets Auburn in The question has been dis+ + Phi's deflated the Theta Chi' First Home Contest of FoFlorida to Meet Auburn, cussed probably more t han any and thereby won the championrensic Artists. Duke and Emory On other for the past few weeks, ship in that s lrt. Next wkill ItTimely Questions, and consequently the spirit ran + + + + + + + + + + + + + comVc baseball.,Puttinforth every effort to high at the meeting. However, The University of Floida tenThe last mentioned phase of he completely prepared, the memthere was no -'doubt as to the nis team has proven itself in the intra-muraschedulewilroba bers of the debatinr team are -tldent of the university outcome of the vote for it was recent matches to be an aggrethe last nientioned phase of making ready for their next three '"] havo their first opportunity ehe intra-mural schedule will meets, two of which will be held to hear the va udity eb.tin probialy bf t nf1the at the university. The questions tamyi here at the auditorium tere! ting. The teams are, and to be debated are interesting, Th lorida tean has the nelga have bee. imc-ticilg daily for timely, and instructive and it is T e at m As th te somtimeBiCrause if this faet.I expected that a large numberqtin, "ebom arn the and because of the keen interest of the students will attend. question, "Resolved that the five sho n already. a stronospirit W. THicks and Sam Huffmanday week in industry would of Comlltitii nhas arisen. Thra i'ill debate the negative of the prom ote the social and economic he courtesy of the athletic defive day a week question with interests of the country." The rtment baseballs have been seAuburn, April 4. The team willArn deLyteSamesuf-. red in order that the fraternidebate here as will that comEnestand ynne. Samil ucoes might have the benefit of posed of Ammon McClellan and man ani Ben Perloff will comem for practice before tho Monte Engle. who will debate los" the Florida team. Urnanment starts. All tho IC the negative of the Nicaraguan .The Florida teams have mNt with very favorable suoess this 'shiii,them should see Ca-question with Duke. Both ofth sowin very fthab e ,es tis d enby at the A. T. 0house. these schools have excellent teams season, wnig over the Uhave ex nt tea,,; nesitISeef wit-h C dfat hina hn Th it rnra-im'al 'mao.i has been ammd it is known that Florida will -rmeo ndite r lina and a loss as to whee the baseball have a hard fight to win. was countered by Alabama urmnont will he beld. Due a A t the -amle time that Floridnib r i which seems to have ivaded the campus today? Does modern education foster too much independent, unguided thinking? "We have the opinions of imn is inadequacy It is askedl that i<debatinrgDuke. another team The second home debate which 11 fraternities give their .composed of Cecil Thompson and is scheduled for next Thursday, ratio naid ti -bcarwith the Ed L. Miller will also debate the April 7, is also noteworthy of ard until the dianrond has been negative of the Nicaraguan quesconsiderable iiterest as it is ided upon. tion with Emory at Emory. The one part of j triangular debate The track meet xill probably Florida team has suffered but being staged between Emory, be held April s a nd 19. No one defeat this season and it Duke and Florida universities. schedahs me out :s vet but is the team's aid to at least Florida debates Duke Unversity Will 1, H ltnear future. equal the record of last year here at that time and will also Tt has been difinitelv announ-1-. and not lose over three out of !,send a team to Atlanta to .feet 'ed tht the golf tOUrnanment will in debates' Eorv on the same date. Ed -start 1 ulaA 1im i 1. All ---Miller and Cecil Thompson will entries should si-c fBo Parker at .(;-flill(Isium n Contest represent Florida at Atlanta, the The ta (ni house. Rules and while the home debate will Se further information remrarding the! Arouses Inerils carried on by Ammon McClellan tOurnament may be received fromrtand Monte Engle. The question hayiem Considerableinterest' has beentobedebatedtheset The vHriniznig ,twill -s haw'rin t~wle gyniliastic contesttome bt."e at ethse the Ray 1 .It will 1w necessary to hril2at 00 p. intervention of the United Statesrun th, nae mfor three days, n. m .Tdiby co.tL.tG in Nicaragua is justified." Flordueto he ackof lacs t iis being promoted by Dr. L. G.' due to the lack of places to Haskcll, head of the physical eduida will debate the negativeUtage Ct. meet, and only one The men who are to particievent It e stajg'ejat a e. !cation department of the univerTh n wh aeb t o aibeen Glent e~r-Innh asaee ntdeime. sity. Only gymnastic instructo hdpate t deesthaveubeen Glen rin hasbee ndesieexludedfrom tiscontest.1 working hard under the tutelage flted as the acene of the meet. rkexlim rin rse on f Professor Buchanan, the coach. All nr should get in r kell is ver* interested inThetieo hes b ,14 Pe2lit 1T thathnthis contest and is anxious to e ni e o f these debatspe r. n. of rivalry may tice a etu.Ter ix te~fuse more vigor and also to prefelt tint in.m.ecer experienced nea r future practicing for this ventthe speeches becoming longlbth ahr 1rmennts of the Ther,will lbe five events 'to winded. Professor Buchanan is Year.an exponent of the art of speakXNeVer before m the history of don.in set ups. These six steno e ~itra.in I ~., ups will he the high bar, low rgtvh uiecadh a muorica br. horse. tumbling, parallels applied himself 1vhok earte Y Was tie hedule been so sysand ringsThree medals will be to the task of fitting these Uatica worked as it h awd incmen for their positions. ais t' "V"-*'pat of the a ae t ""ontst.These Proga mas eiPannun will be (old. silver and bronze as -kgra nhas i hie announce to their respective places in the Troxier to Head ve been printed and carried ---t-st --Relations Clb) ever. fraternity house anThirteen men are taking the fsted in other cmspicieus places Master's Degree in the Graduate b the eampu-. New equipment School of the University this The International Relations club s n od e< +btand met Saturday morning in Langu-I I is oee' pu"cn' 'vu '11-"' 1"' year. This is by far the mLs11-1 -7M sole other way. and this m to ever apply age hall for the purpose of; Say \f netmen The FHI erida lbaseba I e mn plaYed I finr I excellent gam in thei r r'ceenmt erngagemeat wit n the big-league Boston Braves. rheir games against the college nine from Mississippi A. and M. however, were not the best exhibitions of the national pa;time of which they have proven capable of giving. The team s eemna1-d to hit a bad streak in eVc\ amo. when they would pu1ll .m lil that would Sew thi. -onte--st I for their ifppo vita ****'*A ** ~* A**** ************** ** -RE \L 1OME COOKING + Ma 85 Dinner 5' Scplwr .* 4L ui.' by the week + I IL hica 'tlay $6;j)O --meal. -tday .; Better D)rop In At* TI IUEBIRD W .I'.0 t v',istyi Avc. they use ok Pavements? D OWN the side of this page are listed 30 fortunate communities which know from practical, first-hand experience the amazing endurance of vitrified brick pavements. The pavements in qu estion were built before you were born -they were built for horse-drawn traffic-tne five-ton and ten-ton trucks of today were still far in the future-and yet these veteran pavements have stood the gaff of time, traffic and the elements for an average of 33 years. When it comes your turn to specify paving materials, remember that Vitrifiled VIDAL DRUG COMPANY E-eryth ing in ie Irt iylint, Here are 30 out of the many communities which are today using brick pavements 30 years old or better. No other paing material can approach this list in age and mileage. Adel, lowat Alton, l1. ]Biloxi, Mis& Bucyrus, Ohio Buffalo, N.Y. Butler, Pa. Canton. Ohio Carlinville, Il. Cleveland, Ohio Clinton, Iowa Columbus, 0. Danville, 1ll. Davenport, Iowa Des Moines, Iowa East St. Louis. Il. Jacksonville, Fla. Joliet, 111. Lancaster. 0. Lincoln-, Neb. New Cumberland, Norwalk, Ohio Pensacola. Fla. St. Paul, Minn. Sewickley, Pa. Springfield, Ill. Steubenville, Ohio Sunbury, Pa. Tonawanda, N. Y. Williamsport, Pa. A Book for Roads S .cra n/n easy to see that the popularAgatidofm tpier raque4 w161-2 Each manon the Orange and opinion was on the side of the ers. The men showed exception. Blue club is, however, a fighter neg atiee.da deachis I iood baseball playsto anIld there is no doubt in th'D efea -d -T vih the national st'r10w nmind-;of follower; of the team Two Omitted From they met in the sutheastern arid that when they hit their stride Large__M majority Alfigators i t Florid open ourneys, and pr,-a they will come through with a ed themselves to be th leading !d tanding in S. 1. C. circle. AThr mugtin thestudent cai ". r c liege outfit within the 1-aunds The ball tosserA are leaving At haraeetinof the Atudent the nanmes of ihn HaYIof tpenninsular >tate ahen triay tr a roadtrip in which bdt hrdyiteIt Lawrence r wr m they meet several college clubsthe ring amendment which had fr'nm the li t ntmi Fr'an-k Ilarlris won the singles Th. are set on winning th for its purpose to change the the Exe-t-i\ aoIIIpai~li ahe I l V 10 S lade,4n'ajoritv of tiltsandit design of the official student !inlllst weebkif hei ea n jd ad nar hmjoperI te e% :tl of the bad body ring was defeated by the i i:m XlIliat Aof th Fa Ynwi im uhi u o tmut ot dthmei r system i overwhelming vote ,of 47r to -oll IIn tile ml ha viri'epain 1ut Iof1 th i tiem i 46. The meeting was presided called tow h att-lti I qmoht ,tKt over by Ion Walker, vice presiI mmiagi d ,ih.r. :o therw u mo 'l d Beal-b .'I faitt1.C sit ltc-at tilt dent of the student body. th list <rr, *. .a --tm om ith eies t The argum ent for the amendI k j ,ttII tr *< a r *mIf I a tV r I tF o md c te aprt o meant wa presented b Hensn -". ca-m fr -an lI tbmh' tht helaurMarkham. Mr. Markham declar"NEJTVYORA P E anI tII ar r a titt -h 1e 11 heathr ed that the ringnow in use is E nEiTe dt not distinctive of the University OFFERS A PRIZE e a atei of Florida-that ther is nothin rttrin from their triangli .an i FOR B V tlIIlifile AId ".~ut shot at h ililtic; ill Lf in our traditions that make an t' behn n tht Indian head appropriate on our -bi eld in NIw <upf chex ha1 ring. He stated, and quoted $100 Offered for Best Thesis ( orleatis this week-end. On Cause of Collegiate Th1 Tulane and IT-A!1i( .Coaches musl statistics to prove its, veracityI I. ppaid. U 111Nmy student feeIt" that because of the unpopular Mental Deprision.uent hi elP a nd unattractive design of the eA cmbimlitnm iD thVe *r >eta i present ring, a compgaritivell New York, April 1.W (Specal :1 P1.howinm whica tI 11 r e-.ve or str n dit small number of the seniors of "' the Flnrid; Alligator) The .ill. -i-t laStn hv wthele appr priat'0it previous years have purchase, N ew Vok lenino1tay .ii muliberally ihthe mnivortz it. "W e weant a ring,'' said M r. 'ffred a prize )f $100 to the rito wlhat iaw t Markham, "that will be worn college undergraduate \0" iest hml t h' Sout hen Coference to himby the largest number of seniors explains the "wave" of menta]l tornaitimeti t 'be hel itet and graduats possible, and not depression apparenitly sweeping mcnr! :h ei Evans feels th t i Gainiesville Country Club only by 25 or 30 percent, as through A nierica n scho )Is n I hiciimblinationI of net stars I, golf course record was shattered has been the case in past years,", colege-, ithm be -i Dixie and he predict last Tuesday when "Cocky" GibHe also explained some of the 'e America undervictory fm' them in all ,f the bonds, a university student, made in the1adut .) tW~ l0lt'SiS "'' onth vague points in the amendment, iaduate a post-war *r ?"oll( -i.t( tilts. We ,nly op, the nine holes i l:12. Par on the which seemed difficult to underasks the Evening PI-Is im ah:0 he right and that thP ur a -i ana 'Cocky" had to stand. bouncing the offer. "Just what ..C. single and dabeshot some brilliant ''Ol f Il The arguments against the is responsible for the melancholia titl wz \' I e captured 1,y hi, 4 rdtr to pull a 32. PGE FIE amendment came from various sourcesTt was declared by those on the negative side of the -question that the indian head bas been used on the ring. 

PAGE 6

-------------The concludingchapter sets forth problems presented by the Latin Library R the formal reaction in the United American states are fully discusseceives1J States to the question of Ameied. The latter discussion will be 8 u-.can adhesion -"-Literary Review. of much interest to those who 18RIne ronatoakMexican Nation-A History by have been studying the recent, RelationsBooks H. i. Priestly Nicaraguan situation. 'For real understanding his. The book comes to a very intorical perspective is essentialteresting close with several inUnder the leadership of Prof more so in the case of Mexico teresting papers on America's WWHollingswortho f the his.than in almost any other country. part in the International Co-. tory department and through the Mr. Priestly's scholarly "The iperatin. and the significance efforts of Miss Cora Miltmore, Mexican Nation." the product of !f this conference to internauniversity librarian, a group of profound research gives us the tional problems. students' recently organized the clearest record yet published ,n The Le.,ague of Nations-Stephen first International Relatoisn club this country. Its judgements arf PDuggan in the state of Florida. In the carefully arrived tat and the) Mir. Duggan, in this book colinterest of this new organization disparate views of other historilects a number of very intereszthe university library has recentans are carefully weighed."ing articles on the organization lY received a number of books Literary Digest p rinciples and limitations of the and pamphlets from the Carnegie Literary Review1 1:ague; international cooperation Endowment f o r international Syllabus on International Rela%ith the league as applied to conPeace, accompanied by the con-' tions-T. P. Moon crete problems, and closes with gratulations of Amy Hemingway "A syllabus that is informing i .discussion of America and the Jones, national secretary of the and suggestive without being en-, Ieague of nations. The discusInternational Relations club. cyclopaedic; well balanced without sions are used by recognized auThrough the interest of Miss being strained; and sensible andl tnorities on international relaJones :S bound volumes on sucnt scientific without being dogma-' tions and problems, such as, que-tion.s of international import tic."-Historical Outlook, John Bassett Moore, Frederick as the world court, the league fr Russian Debts and Russian Austin Ogg. Everatt Kimball. A. nations, Ameica's relation with Reconstruction-Pasvolsky Lawrence Lowell and Stephen P., Latin America, the political his and Moulton Duggan. tryof Amerna the p iad hs ".A scientific inquiry, largely China: Land of Famine-Walter: tOry of modern Europe and thestl' tistical into the pre-Soviet H. Mallory Mexican situation, havebeen Russian debt and the ability of This book does much t clerI ceived by the library and these Russia t ai pte. arl '1t up Ths realkcaues.fur Ch books wil Iserve as a reference Russiabtoipayaitsthpre-wrian be real causesna ina', flibary for the recently formed war debt in case the obligation! backwardness as a nation. It is lb.r Besiethisr the librar Ito pay were assumed. The book 'ssentially divided into two parts; club. Besides this, the library is has accordingly a very direct rethe economic. natural, social and on international relations, includlation to how fa rRussia is a good i en oause f famine and -ae ; ln -n+Ar rf i t i7 Chinn id then di,; ing 28 charts on the league of nations. The following are brief reviews of some of the books just received: The World Court-Antonio S. De Bustamante "The first of its kind to appear, this volume strikes a note of' unquestionable authority through the fact that the author is not only a highly respected specialtist in international law but also one of the eleven judges sitting upon the tribunal itself. He unearths i the nethermost roots of his subjects in the beginnings of international law among the Greeks and Romans; with increasing detail be traces the growth of the idea of a tribunal of nations; until it became a fact in the establishment of the world court. *TIll business rikinI Wn a 11111 si fl res-in nk-ri a l lUI a It foreign loans." -Literary Review. cussions of cures for the respecInternational Problems and tive causes. The volume is wall Relations illustrated with many interesting This Is, a series ()f adldr.("'-('-;.I" wQ anT paser es dresat th 0 International Relations as Viewed 'd paperspresenAlIth From Geneva-W. E. Rappard National Conference on InternaThe auThor. as a member of the tional Problems and Relations, secretaries f the league of naheld under the auspices of theit Carnegie Endowment for Int thn" irganizatior under three national Peace with the coopera-heads, wich hT ner trey tion of the Academy of Political heaking wf h ptreonefgesScience in the city of New Yo rk. 'peaking of t as three leaguesIa'ilea-et xueietet f It contains addresses on disar me a ague t hrety i. ament and security, internatio nal peac, a leag tI Promote Ilpeace and economic prosperity .eatoa! ('lolwr.t io n awithand their relation to the co trol league to aw wr, losithe reof raw materials, the far ea4 l a"tiner ths ''a te re-, lation.( r -ti'e lague arnd4 question, including discussion<' w h, r the Chinese situation and AfneriThe e i btio k ftr Wn dipaynd. can and1 Br' ish relations with ThsI~i r n(ipa China. B the university library and memnThe French wa debt and the bers of the student body who are T r wd interested may review them. IC' oJuucla There is a small quantity of unde li-ered mail at the Post Office in Language liall. Will you please call anti see if any of it bef longs to you. Also wish to call your attention to the Personnel Cards. If you have not as yet been furnished with these-please call at the Po-t Office or Business Manager's Offiec and *-cure these and fill out and return as soon i possible, as they are a part of our permanent record. Business Manager's Office "" A A I++++A + ++++*** ++.++ + ++A++ + 4 4 4 4 4 ~ WHY 4 4 4 4 4 *4 4 4 4 4 4 i we 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 NOT DINE AT HAIG'S TONIGHT? MG 'S SPECIALTY CAFE University CORNER Arredondo JIJLAR MEAL-.S 40c falt t, 01w *Ir*ll* -*I 08E1WMANw I WR x M MM IMw ww --W wW *** *A GLEE CLUB AND ORCHESTRA EXPECT FTRTII7ER SUCCESS (Continued from Pa' () Universitorchestra-"The Universi: orchestra this year is a" r' uch better organization in every respect than it has been heretofire and from present indications I feel confident that it will be P%-en better next year. It is difficult ti tell Just how many in our present group will return next ear but we are reasonably certain that most. of our best men will be back and we have had assurance from several of the high schools of the state this spring. It is our aim to get our share of these musicians in order that the university orrhestra may take its place among the leading niusical organm7Atio)nif tho south. If we are able to get more good material, and a creditable showing can be made with next year's organization, 'the management feels reasonably sure that several engagements and tours will be arranged in order that the orIchestra may take its place along with the other organizations that are representing' the university from time to time throughout the state and the south-" Robert H. Ferguson, president of the glee club-"The impetus of a glee club is surely a paramount feature in the establishment" of so essential an organiza*tion n!he Florida campus. The splendid support and cooperation of the students is the proof of desire and value, and assurance that a glee club is to be a lasting organization. Next year even more material will be available, ofr the club, and it will be only a matter of a few years until the University of Florida Glee Club will he known as the outstanding organization of its kind throughout the country. The itinerary for next year is greater and broader than any yet. Perhaps the glee club will go to Cuba. All projects show evidence o a bigger and better club than evrSATURDAY, MARCL I THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR I_ _ _ _ _ I -wAL~A-J 797 Tallahassee, Fla., March 31.internal improvement fund, 'tn Until the United States supreme legislature can place any officourt reviews the decision of all cial it chooses on those boards." cases involving the application of Florida railroad rates, the ability of the Florida railroad commisONSTRUCTION sion to restrain the Florida car riers from applying higher interFA railroad commission declared to state rates is suspendedthFred H.4 told the International News Serv-$ ice in an exclusive interview today. numerual ForFisQure "I am in recipt of numerous rtr inqiuiries from various traffic Atnounk To men in Florida and from other states relative to the effect of the PLAY BALL U. S. GOU2T TO REVIEW R.R. RATE CASE State Commission Must Delay Action the state drainage board and other boards, but such is not the case." Governor Martin said in commenting on letters he has rceived in reference to the three commissioners. "The members of the cabinet are named by the constitution and that document would have to be changed before any other official could join the cabinet. As to' the Idrainage board, board )f commissioners or trustees of the ** ** *** ** *** ******** 'u-****** **** **** Pie!. d CakeLike Mother \Makes UNIVERSITY CITY LUNCI Mrs. 11,W C. DeWolfc holding of the Florida supreme court on August 10 of last year The total building permits for in what is known as the petrolMarch were announced as amount]ENNIS eum rate cases, involving the ing to $198,456 by City Compapplication of intra-state and introller's office today, thus es. Don't eii. yo ter-state rates from Florida ports tablishing a new high mark for it (lone right h to interior points on fuel oil and 1927 and swelling the total for other petroleum product'." Davis' the first quartr of the year to .' Lti'Pie'I. said. $350,418. "On March 21 the United States The permits for March were BAIRD supreme court revoked its fordivided as follows: New dwel-B mer order of November 23, 1926, lings, $23,900; repairs to dwelby which it declined to review lings, $2,950; new hospital $150,the Florida court's decision and 000; fillin station, $5,000; new decided that it would review business houses $9,325; repairs Florida rates, including the holdto business hotnies. $4,>00; gaig' of the Kentucky court of rages, $2, 5ff iniscellaneous, appeals, which involved Florida $206. rates similar to those involved inI Included in the permits issued the Florida supreme court man during the last five days was YT "Until this matter is finally dwelling to be (rected in High(lecided by the supreme court of lands Heights at a cost of $5. the United tSates, the ability of 500. the Florida railroad commission -to restrain the Florida railroads (**************k****** [ from applying the highest inter wxt;F state rates is suspended. par do not construe the Unite I c States supreme court's action as' in anyways involving on their k MRS 1 IVARD part a change of opinion as to the character of the traffic, but ST rather as the inevitable result EASTER (ARDS of an alleged conflict in tie wi holdings of the Florida supreme mid court and that of the United States circuit court of appeal, N VELTY GIFTS involving the same traffic. .11 [D "The United States supreme court seems to have decided to 4 J ni oii review all the cases involving this point with the evident inten-P T, tion of laying down a rule which Wtr FrnK will settle the controversy now 4[ existiiig not only on petroleum, 1( raiu a but other freight movements :n Florida." The controversy over freight Order'.o. dnulatrsin rates of petroleum started several r years ago and when the Florida o t state railroad commission ordered I r Florida railroads to use intra4 peial Rte". l or Part% "With [he state rates instead of inter-state rates, which were higher, in 4 m~m.'m m ___ ___ the shipment of petroleum po ducts from the ports of Tampa.i Jacksonville and Miami, the railroads refused to heed the order, I claiming that the shipment, by boat of oil to storage tanks at TWO-PANTS PALM BEI the three major Florida p'rts and the redistribution from tanks from there, by rail, was one continuous inter-state shipment. The commission held that this constituted two seperate and distinct l>Pain witelitienqi If4cv vsripe shipments and took the case to the supreme court which upheld ( I i plainif fi ifne. LONamie, I the commission's contentionv r 'ucIer dil Spa ti.i lii(ts-J a ---p New State Department are here. in a mnoe% 4Iui1 stu Heads Won't Sit With size* 31 to 48. Governor's Cabinent .Potra tically eery wa *h 1nit has _.-f ronm Tallahassee, Fla., March 30.(INS)-Heads of the three pro posed new departments of the state government, the banking, A auditing and motor vehicle license departments, will not have memB -m and our bership on the governor's cabiline. net nor on other state boards, according to Governor John W. Martin, who is supporting the tifh tho d 1it~ ln SPIRttN creating oi te e ree ueparLments. "I have noticed that many think the new heads of those departments. if the legislature creates them will become part' of the governor's cabinet, sit on I b fa -1 RACKETS RESTRU1NG Jr rackets awa. oca get t're in Gainesville .All work ring tlii to HARDWARE CO. on The Square 1 A bae 71 FATRE PROGRAM NION'IJD\k) ENING CLOTHES 1dolpIeA lenjou rinick" Fashion Revie1's re ~r T t F:,-;I). EPPING ALONG t ijolinv 1HineNVEDNESDA) )NIGHT LOVERS tot' andi Anna (o n-ilI'So Pal VRSl)D.% and FRIl) G OF BARBAR \ \\ ORTH0 A (Colmnan andilma Banky SATU RAYY AIMING FURY Wonder Dog Ranger I I: I ~ls i t RCH SUITS AND TS and plaiti tiuue. Linen ast colored suitinMs, Sji. Ildsomeltv ailored.They ls Iong. andi regulars IM0 palts. Price rawer m25.00 artniut and itispeci 0111 the 'on te IOPE'R Announcing the Opening of THE COOKE SHOE STORE I V 11. 4 L w .-' .S A L-%. -it r 9 9 9 9 9 e A 0 209 Rad ltMain Y.trDpt .RMIMf KRUMRINE'S POOL PARLOR WE. t Main CORNER I nion MMIMeillMelinlimmi !, I= ]m = IN a MAI =9 HE liffLimliffn I -"3:w .s -MA 18 I I ns m rwwwwv Aelani ilal Satisfies r,** ML 1*7 I mw t.: E % o 
