
PAGE 1

'Peanuts, Alfred, Peanuts, Alfred E. Neumann and Charlie Brown have all come I for a share of ribbing this week as political candidates sought 6o make hay in anticipation of yesterday's election. Most a d e "originality" In the campus poop sheets has come from toe candidates running Independently of the Liberty Party bloc. However, politicians on both sides have joined in the new-style campaign. Joe Rosier, candidate for president, began his campaign with a speech atop the statue of A. A. Murphree with a lantern in hand. Rosier said he was "Seeking the Honest Man," and used the "lamp of truth" to put forth his high point. Jo Sissine, independent running for Education Executive Council, put out a "poop sheet" paroding Charlie Brown. In her strip, Charlie is seen being berated by his girl, Violet, who wants him to vote against the party bloc. The eye-catching poop sheet apparently caught the fancy of students passing by one of the several poop boards on campus. However, sharp students soon caught the irony of the sheet since nowhere at all on the poster had Miss Sissine mentioned what office she was seeking in the election. She is a snember of Aljha Omicron Pi sorority. Bob Bate, Liberty Party candidate for freshman Executive RC oSI hadie' On Peop-Sheets Council, sported a poop sheet with his qualifications on one side, and a "platform" on the reverse, stating: "I think that Student Government is a farce and wiil continue to be so until all students vote with sincerity instead of voting the way they are told or swayed. "I think that to vote a straight party ticket without consideration of candidate's qualifications is worse than no voting at ail. His platform also stated "I hope that anybody who votes against me will die laughing at this semester's Orange Peel." Bate, a Ft. Lauderdale freshman, is present editor of the Peel. Vice presidential candidate Bob Park, Sigyna Nu independent, ran a poop sheet with Mad comic books hero, Alfred E. Neumann, on the front and his ever-present siogan -What, me Worry? and then added "I'm only 500 votes behind. Vote for Bob Park." Joan Porter, Liberty Party candidate for sophomore Honor Court justice, arranged her name cards face down on the "poop" boards in a question mark designed to make the curious passer-by lift up the bottom card to discover her name. Rosier backers could claim the largest poop poster for his campaign. The Lambda Chi Alpha cannon was hauled on to camER AND LANTERN (Continued on Page THREE) 'CAMPAIGN CANNON' GETS THE 'HEAVE -H O'e*.e As Interior Secretary Truman Skinner cracks down on 'Illegal Poop. (Gator Photo by Allen) the largest all-american college semi-weekly in the nation serving 10,000 students at university of florida TflL' Volume 50, Number 41 University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida, Wednesday, April 2, 1958 Four Pages This Edition 'Bloc' Holds as Biggs, Liberty Party IN ote Nearly Unanimous Victory for 'L'; Chapman, Brown President elect Tom Bigg an almost complete sweep i yesterday. Biggs collected 2,535 of the 3,703 total votes cast. for a more than two-to-one margin over his opponent Joe Rosier's 1,168.1 At 9:10 o'clock last night Rosier I came to the Alligator election broadcast In the Florida Union'sl Bryan Lounge and conceded his defeat. Eletion laws specify that all candidates should submit an expense account to the Honor Court by 5 p.m., Thursday, April tO. If not turned in the candidate is not eligible for election. The sophomore independent, speaking both to the students gathered in the lounge and also those listening in over WRUF radio thanked everyone that had supported him and added that, "for everybody that wanted to see something new in Student Government, we gave it a try." "Dynamic Year" Ten minutes later Biggs arrived at the Union and the crowd that he was "looking forward to a very successful and dynamic Student Government next year." Emory Weatherly, with 2,109 votes, held over a 600 votes edge on Bab Parks, 1,419, for the vice presidential election. In the closest all-campus race of the election, Hyatt Brown, 1,857, defeated Joe Chapman, 1,643, for chancellor of the Honor Court by only 214 votes. Andrew McLeod, the third candidate for the Chancellor's post received 205. The remainder of the top allcampus positions were won unopposed by Liberty Party candidates Jim Ade, secretary-treasurer, 2,522; and George Baldwin, clerk of the Honor Court, 2,673. 'Liberty' Defteste The oniy candidates defeating a Liberty nominee for office were:; Jo Simsine, Education and Eugene1 L. Sadick, Architecture and Fine Arts, Executive Council reprerentatives, and Bob O'Dare who was elected to two positions on write-in ballots but is uneligible for either post because of a qualificationi technicality. Charles Godfrey, Liberty candidate for Lyceum Council president was unopposed, as were the remainder of Lyceum candidates. The new Lyceum members are: Ray Anderson; Tami Cole, Hank Dressel and Martin Steiner. Liberty also made a sweep of Board of Student Publications posts, where winners were Stephen Poldy, Al Strickland and Lamar Veal. Athletic Council posts, all Liberty except Blair Culpepper. coendorsed, went to Bll Wagner, president; Gil Goshorn, vice-president; Norman Lipoff, secretarytreasurer; and nembers Bob Paterno and Culpepper. Amendments Fall All1 ,nrnwn amendments to the i i Close H C Rc: sRace Life 'Nibbles' Ks led the Liberty Party to i the Student Body elections At Bait: Nix It was a possibility that On a write-in drive, Bob O'Dare Life Magazine could have topped Vicki Rains, 11 to 8 votes, covered this Spring's campus and no one was written in. elections. In the Sophomore casnpaing, News Bureau Director Alfor the Physical Education slot on len Skaggs reported yesterthe court. day that Life several times in No candidates was on the ballot recent years has come to the for the Medical Honor Court seat, I University campus, holding Liberty Party candidates Tcon open the possibility that some Pitcher and Joan Porter polled important or unusual event 647 and 755 votes, respectively, to1 would be covered in the pages independent CharlespOtterson's! of the national-magazine. 315 ballots. They may cover some camThe other Honor Court seats pus eiection in the near fuseats went to Liberty candidates, ture, says Skaggs. all unopposed: Buz Allen and Jon The Kappa Alpha yearly Johnson, frosh; Clyde S. Stephens, "secession movementt" and a Agriculture; Lew Kapner, Arts recent science filming were and Sciences; Harry B. Susskind, brought to the attention of Business Administration; Mary Life a n d representatives-4 Pearce, Education, and Ben Robin, came to the campus. Pharmacy. Jack Sites, non-LiberHowever, no publicity for ty, was disqualified from the race; the University resulted in for Sophomore Honor Court. either case. Executive Council In the Executive Oouncil races, two posts where there were no names on the ballot went unfilled, one in Medicine, where no one was written in, and one in Physical Education, where Bob O'Dare was written in but did not qualify. In Nursing, Liz Segal who was un-b opposed, received no votes, and there was no one written in. Seniors can still order their. Write-in candidates won two "official" University of Florida, BIGGS IN HAPPY POSE .. Executive Council posts, in En-c gineering and Physicai Education, class ring and receive t before .As the incoming election retur where there was no opposition on graduation, according to Austin * i ncoming the badot. M. Rutledge Jr., merchandising won the Student Body president Engineering Executive CouncI manager for the Campus Shop unofficial race totals show a tie and Bookstore. between write-in candidates Hair Five dollars down will assure and Shirley, each with 15 votes. delivery in six to eight weeks, The other three Engineer Council he saidr posts went to Liberty Party canThey are made by Herff-Jones didate Larry Ramaekers and coCompany, 10161,% SW 4th Street, endorsed candidates Ray Royce Gainesville. Rutledge said theW and Herbert Sisenberg, who reBookstore acts as an agent for ceived 130, 114 and 101 votes, resthe manufacturer to make ityThere i pectively. more convenient for the student. By JOE THOMAS hrei In the Freshman Executive Orders may be placed at any A series of events wilch ocpute as t Council races, the Liberty Party time during the year by second curred this weekend and the arrival of made a clean sweep. The Liberty semester juniors and above, many conflicting reports regardroom. Whi candidates, and their vote totals pc g2 ing these incidents have left the ty membe were: Bob Bate, 752; Allan Bork,, rices range from about $25 to campus political scene in a genmerely se 722; Tommy Carbos, 748; Linda about $40, he said. They come in eral state of confusion. sier argue Fisher 858; George Moss, 828; both yellow and white gold, and The chain of events was begun and agg-re -8os in three different sizes.T c n es sure him ____ -on--urIay__ e n yh& hasr hmJ Glenn Pinder, 785; Clara M. Smith, 765; Dave Stanley, 811: and Charles Weli., 845. Opposing them were independents Virginia Philpot, 301; Ann Wilson, 462; and Monty Trainer, 393. Sophomores Also Sophomores, too went down the line for the Liberty Party in theta Executive Council voting. Winning were: Ray Barkett. 636; Harold Datz, 706; Sandy Dennison, 722; Arthur Foster, 701; Bill Holt, 717; Andrew Jackson, 702; Ronald Jones, 705; Frank M. King I,s 693; Lillian Rubin, 702; and Guy W. Spicola, 709. Their independent opponent was Jim Reilly,i who poled 323 votes. In the Arts and Sciences Executive Council voting there wasi no opposition to the Liberty Party canidteo _er Rsm.111 A choice of settings include: Garnet, Topaz. Blue Spinell, Tourmaline, Aqua Marine, Ruby, and Black Onyx. The date of graduation will appear on the ring along with the degree received. Fraternity letters can be set into the stone in gold for a slight extra charge, he said. Rutledge emphasized that the Campus Shop and Bookstore handles the only "official" University of Florida class ring. Tomorrow S As Deadline For Trianon on Thursday afternoon when the Liberty Party learned that Maurice de Young, thought to be a fulltime faculty member, was actively helping Joe Rosier with his presidential campaign. Memo Oted It appeared at this time that the Miller Memo, an administrative policy prohibiting faculty participation in politics might apply to this case. The Liberty Party met at the! Phi Gamma Delta house Thursday night and wanted to know if this situation was understood by the opposition. Party Chairman Bob Hendry called de Young at approximately 3 a.m. Friday, morning. De Young agreed that he had been advising Rosier but explained that he was a fee-paving stupresidential possible r Young. Rosier Poor Turnout, Dull Election Tarnishes SG By DAVID LEVY Alligator Editor-In-Chief To the 500 people who filtered in and out of Bryan Lounge last night, this election was just a dull routine. It seemed that no matter what the returns indicated, it was a "matter of fact" to the politicos and interested students who stopped by for a minute. Even when the Honor Court tally indicated that two students had broken the Liberty Party "bloc," it was accepted as "so what?" The response to this entire election was apathy and indifference. Hollow Victory To Tom Biggs, it must have been a hollow victory. Although obviously better qualified for the Student Body presidency than Rosier, we are sure he would have preferred a race against Bob Graham, Harry Mahon, or some of the others previously under consideration. To the politicians the selves, regardless of what partly or "independent" party they affiliated with, it must be discouraging to run without an electorate in support, and for that matter, an electorate which wl even get out and vote. (Continued On Page THREE) li*ct on Incidents Campaigning s apparantly some disto the facts upon the this group at Rosier's le the five Liberty Parrs state that they were eking information, Roes that they were loud ssive and tried to presinto dropping out of the al race with threats of percussions against deOmitted maintains that he was Incidents As They Happened: Thursday afternoon: Rumor of faculty aid reaches Liberty Party. Thursday midnight: L i b e r t y Party meets in Phi Gamma Delta house to discuss the sit uation after a regular political meeting. asked to sign a letterofmresignation although he ommited this in the account of the incident as it appeared in his "Attempted Rape" sheet distributed Sunday night in the dorms. The Liberty group agreed to a man that no such letter was suggested, rather their only concern was whether Rosier understood the implications of the Miller Memo and the repercussions it might have on his friends participation in the campaign. Rosier, desiring more information, then requested to be taken to the leaders of the LibertytParty. At this point the Liberty group called Hendry and a general meeting was set at the Phi Gam house. Before leaving the dorm, Rosier attempted to make two phone calls "for advice", but could not get to his ptrty. on! arrival at the Phi Gam house Rosier again used the phone but says he "made no contact" this timeeither. Oall Cted On the other hand members of thp .ihprtv Pqrtv -.ro"" me;Boldt Resigns as assistant Dean Dr. A. W. Boldt, assistant dean of men, announced yesterday his acceptance of a post as Dean of Student Personnel at American University, Washington, D. C. Dean Boldt will leave his present post August 1, and begin his new duties in September. The unexpected announcement came yesterday, although knowledge of the intended resignation had been rumored for several weeks. Student and faculty leaders expressed regret at Boldt's intended departure from the University. A native of Pennsylvania, Dr. Boldt has held his present position since coming to the University in 1948. He is a veteran of World War II, serving as a Lt.Commander in the U. S. Navy from 1943 to 1945. At American University he will replace Dean Ralph John who has become dean of the College of Arts and Sciences. American University is affiliated with the General Board of the Methodist Church, and has an enrollment of 6,500. Two in Race For President Of WSA Group Director From 1929 until 1942 he was uidce director of the Readin Candidates for the April 28 eleguidncedircto of he eadng.tion of Women Students' AssociaPa., public schools. After WW IIn d he was Chief of Vocational Trainion officers were approved MonAdmimstraday night at the WSA Council ing for the Veteran's Ameeting.tion~~ ~~ inPiaepi.meeting. tiori in Philadelphia. IThe slate was set by WSA ExBoldt holds degrees from Gt-: Bold hods egres fom et-ecutive Committee last week, to tysburg College and Lehigh Unievtie ommithe latnek,. versity, and received aDoctor of Ibvt on by the Cocil. Education degree from the Uni-1 Pat Murphi and Ann Booke are varsity of Florida. -running for the presidency of WSA, es mber of PhirMiss Murphy is editor of CoediHe is a member of Phi Delta, kette handbook for women, junior Kappa and Kappa Delta Pi, honclass representative to WSA and orary education fraternities Phi a member of the judiciary comKappa Phi, scholastic honorary, mittee. Miss Booke is present the National Association of StudentPersnnelAdministration, treasurer of WSA and a member of dent Personnel Amntrtnthe judiciary committee. and the National Vocational Guidt j Dickerson, Jowers ance Association.DikroJws The vice presidential candidates are Pat Jowers and Linda DickBaldwin Here, inson. Miss Jowers is sophomore prentativetoA andMiss PlIons Address Dickinson is WSA elections chairman. Dr. I. L. Baldwin, vice presiSylvia Kotkin and Sandra Dendent of academic affairs at the nison are candidates for the office University of Wisconsin, istof secretary. Sandra Willits and Ing the University of Florida this Yvonne Sunday are running for the week to consult with staff memoffice of secretary. bers in the Department of BacOther candidates are: senior teriology and to make a public class representative, Lea Golden address p. rand Pat Aderney; junior class He will speak on "Graduate; representative, Sally Stewart and Education and Research in AiLillian Rubin; sophomore cass erican Universities," yesterday afrepresentative, Jean Haeseker and ternoon in McCarty Auditorium. Roberta Ricker. Baldwin is former dean of the Women students not on the balgraduate school, dean of the Collot may run for any WSA office lege of Agriculture and director with a petition signed by 75 mernof the experiment station and exbears of WSA. tension service at the University Elections for freshman class of Wisconsin, where he earned representative are held in the fall his doctorate. each year. Sorokin Speaks On US-USSR Relations Convergence of the American dent Louis J. Maloof presided. Hosand Soviet politico-economic retesses for the evening were Mrs. gimes into a third, mixed type, Irving L. Webber and Mrs. Npa ns indicate he has ncy for 1958-59.1 d .w me-.! ,I I -I ,1 

PAGE 2

TI!FLKIDA LLIIIATOI Our 50th Year of Publication P_ 2 EditorialWednesday, April 2, 1958 =o n the-ElectionIssues This is not an editorial in the usual sense of the word. Rather it is an explanation to you, the Student Body, of' what happened this past weekend, and why the Alligator did not publish a special pre-election edition yesterday morning. In the middle of last week, it was revealed that advertising for this week's Alligator would be slight since few businesses would spend money on this product just before students left Gainesville for the Easter vacation. Therefore, the Florida Alligator could afford only one edition before the break. We realized that if we did not come out immediately after the election, it would be ten days or more before the returns would be given to the Student Body. Such a delay would not be a good journalistic move for the Florida Alligator. We therefore cancelled the regular Tuesday edition and planned to come out today, with this post-election edition you are now reading. The staff did hold out the possibility that in case unusual developments on the political scene did occur over the weekend, that we would fulfill our news obligation to the Student Body with a special pre-election issue, even at a serious financial loss to the paper. --And this is just what happened! Joe Rosier, independent candidate for president, announced Friday that he had been called upon in the middle of the night by five members of the Liberty Party under most unusual circumstances. The Alligator checked into his statements, and determined that there was a possibility that some immature, hasty action had transpired during the night. We therefore felt it was our obligation as editors of a newspaper for the entire Student Body, to publish --not as support for any Joe Rosier, but to give both sides of the political fence equal space to present their views. As long as a thousand and one rumors were spreading around campus on what happened we felt that it was our obligation to give impartial coverage of the supposed incident. Then Sunday night, Rosier's supporters published a "poop sheet" obviously in bad taste. A second sheet, showing a lewd diagram, also appeared, but which Rosier denied knowledge of. The fact that Rosier's supporters did exactly the same thing, improper election tactics, that they accused the Liberty Party of, convinced the Florida Alligator no useful purpose would be served by publishing a special edition. We are sorry that Tom Biggs brought up few issues in this campaign. At a time when integration, Charley Johns, academic freedom, and a hundred and one items are on the minds of the Student Body, we regret that the students could not get enthusiastic about some issues. Joe Rosier also, did bring up some issues -but by his lack of dormitory campaigning and active solicitation of independent votes by mature means, he also made serious mistakes in this campaign of 1958. ---The battle, whatever there was, is over. We hope that the administration to be installed will have a better understanding of student interests than present SG --and that the forces which backed this year's officers will have some sense knocked into their heads after two semesters of ineffective leadership. Good luck to the winners ...and losers. This was an unusual campaign, but if all will benefit from the muck .and mire of the past week, much good may develop. Our Loss, American University's Gain "Rarely does one man deserve the accolade as the 'true friend of the student'; rarely has one man made such a lasting impression in the minds of all who have known him." The above quote, part of the dedication page in the 1957-58 F Book, is an example of the type of expression which students from all parts of the camnpuswill feel today as they learn of the resignation of Albert W. Boldt as assistant;dean of men. Ever since he came to the UF campus ten, years ago, "'Ben Boldt" as he has beim affectionately termed by the students, has made a truly lasting impression in the hearts and minds of all who have kno*n him. Never too busy to discuss a problem or idea, Dean Boldt's doors have been open at all times. He got to know the Student Body, its desires, its leaders, its pulsebeat -he shared the wants, The Florida Alligator All-American Rating, 1953-57 Opinions expressed in the Letters to the Edi. tar and signed columns appearing on this page are not necessarily those of the Florida Alliga. tor. Only the editorials are the official opinion of the newspaper. The Florida Alligator is published each Tue.day and Friday except during holidays, yacations and examination periods. Entered &a second ela.S matter at United states Post Office, GainesM1lle, Florida. Offices in Florida Union, FR -3261, extension 655. Subscriptions $1.50 for the reMainder of this semester. Editor-in-Chief .DAVID LEVY the needs, the troubles, of any who entered his office. No words can really express what the Student Body feels today .Few realize that the loss of a truly sincere man such as Ben Boldt will leave a breach between Administration and students that will be hard to fill soon again. In returning from the hospital a few months ago, we looked forward to many more years of service by Dean Boldt .his serious illness had forced him to spend much time away from his office, and he had bounced back into good health fairly rapidly. ...With this announcement that he has taken an important Dean of Students post at Washington's American University, we can only wish him the best of luck. The students have lost a true friend .it is the South's loss and American University's gain Take a Poll Are Food Service employees satisfied with their hourly wages? Director Bert Graham reported in an Alligator story a few weeks ago that he believed the employees were satisfied with their pay. In an effort to get "grass-roots" opinion, an Alligator poll was taken last week. The reply, in a cross-section of employees was emphatically the opposite.' If the survey is correct, and we feel that it is, then hundreds of student employees op this campus are not satisfied with the wages paid. 75c an hour in food tickets, we agree is not satisfactory for student help. It is also apparent as a result of this poll, that Negro help has a rapid turn.l .----.--.-.-7/ U PUNCHING' JUDY Rosier, Lowry Campain Cmard* "Election Night" LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Critics of Scientists 'Jealous of Progress' Editor: I would like to try and answer some of the criticism against scientists and engineers and their education which has appeared in your paper and in the daily papers. There seems to be an idea going around that scientists are failing to do something that they should. This something seems to be that they should eliminate the danger of nuclear war. How the critics expect the scientists to do this Is not quite clear. Critics of the scientists do not seem to recognize their predicament. If a scientist refuses to work on weapons he is a traitor to his country. If he does work on them he is a traitor to humanity. All the while the critics are yapping that he would not be in such a predicament If he had studied more humanities in college. I fail to see any connection between the two. ... Rather than criticize the scientists, to liberal arts educators should turn their attention to serious shortcoming in thir own curricula. This shortcoming is evldqnt in the fact that many of the leaders in the world today have had so called 'liberal' educations. These men, men who have far more authority than the scientists, cannot, or wil not, lead the world out of its trouble What reason is there to believe that this education will be any more effective on scientists? The critics of scientific education always fall back on the argument that a truly educated man must be well grounded in the humanities. These same people do not think it odd to turn out students who have only the most superficial knowledge of physics, chemistry, and mathematics. What are the reasons for the recent attacks on scientific education? Perhaps the critics are jealous of scientific progress and they fear that their fields may be obscured if they do not attract attention by attacking scientists and their education. They may also hope to divert anyone from asking why it should fail the scientists lot to straighten out the political, social, and economic troubles of the world when we have self confessed experts In these fields in every college. William Massey (Editors note: We do not believe the Alligator has "attacked" eflglzners We have pointed out, and leaders of the UF College of Engineering Agree, that more geneardeulacree, that more genera4 education Is needed for all students.) Inquiries about Alligator "Stinky Chink' Editorial .ior: As a former O"gator" I was quite pleased to receive the March 14th issue of the Inorida Alligator. The newspaper still seems to maintain the high quality which it has established through the years. I'm sOU not certain whether the "cute" article Stinky Chick which appeared in the editortal page was inserted to take up space, convey an Idea or warning, or play with words. Asa former jet bomber pilot I can assure you the Air Force "doesn't want to lay another egg"ior ever intended to. As you will agree the def ense of our country and the free world is a very critical and important mission. It takes much m o r e than typewriters, pencils, and paper to ensure this a f e t y. The Strategic Air Command (SAC) is now our first line of defense with its devastating retaliatory "punch." This punch is carried in jet bombers manned by well trained men. But like any other mechanical device, the many systems on the aircraft are apt to Malfuction. Writer Disg Type of UF Editor: I am completely disgusted with all the trash we dorm residents have been subjected to in this political campaign. Every morning there is, under my door, some sort of sheet which accuses one or the other factions of high handed trickery. Isn't there some sort of election'aw that prohibits the slander, etc., that is printed on these sheets? One party group caAs the other such things as "swine" and "trash," while the other calmy denies it. What is the result of all this? Nothing! People just become more apathetic towThough our aircraft are built with safety devices to safeguard against malfunctions, the unexpected can always happen. In our b us in e a a "mechanical" defects are not checked but corrected. * a It takes much more than book reading and classroom work to give our crews the know how to attain their required proficiency. Every mission flown increases the effectiveness of that crew to fulfill its requirements. Our SAC bases are scattered all over the country, near large and small cities. To "re-route the flights to completely bypass all inhabited areas is almost impossible. Flights are planned and flown with flying safety an the number one prerequisite. I can assure you that every possible precaution is taken for the safety of our flight crews and civilians when the more dangerous training missions are flown. Benjamin M. Kaegi "Editor's note: Neither of the three, Mr. Kaegl: but to serve as a warning. usted at Low Campaign ard the campaign. The most striking example of what I am talking about is a poop sheet I received last week depicting three pair of feet. I am sure you have seen one of these and know what I am referring to. This was the most repulsive political propaganda I have ever seen. It served to turn me against the candidate whose "Virtues" it was supposed to be expounding. I wasn't sure before, but now r know I know I won't take the trouble to "vote" on Tuesday. Nane Withheld By JUDY BATES 0ar py E dor Well,it'sa over. In a few days the campus will forget the elction and campaign, the green boards will come down and janitors will sweep sway the last traces of political poop. The majority will forget. But we, in the basement can't forget so easily. We saw and heard too much. For a long time after Tom Biggs takes the gavel We'll remember one of the nastiest campaigns Student Government has ever suffered. Sunday night, a political poop sheet wam brought to the Astgator office. Een the Unshockable were c aug ht oft guard. The act of rape, shown in a series of pict ur es, was poorly mimeoBATES graphed on the top of the page, and below was written, "Independent thinkers, don't let this happen to us!" Another sheet was distributed with the heading, "Attempted Raps" in large black letters. These poop sbeets we" the result of a completely unorganized and unethical campaign to "break the fraternity bloc." Granted, Rosier did have grounds to complain, but his cronies took advantage of a situation which certainly didn't warrent a comeback of obscenity. Such tactics are reminiscent of a campaign conducted two years ago by would-be-governor Lowry. A poop sheet, apparently distributed by Lowry supporters, contained a detailed explanation of the sexual compatibility of white women and Negro men, and vice versa. The material was made to look like integrationist propaganda. And the desired effect must have been to disgust the voter Into voting for segregationist Lowry. But, like Rosier's poop sheet, it was so obscene and ridiculous that it brought about an adverse effect. The bame, as I see it, lies on the shoulders of the candidate, himself. Even though Rosier and Lowry may not have instigated the creation of lewd material for their campaigns their supporters did. And it is up to the candidate to see that his campaign is a clean one. If the candidate cannot manage his campaign, how can he be expected to manage Public aefairs while in office7 For the sake of Student overnment, I'm grateful for the fraternity bloc in this election. Rosier's friends might have run Student Government the way they did his campaign. As for future campaigns, I. hope the new Executive Council will take a good, hard look at the law which surpresses the placement of political poop. The law, as In, all but stifles campus-wide campaigningtand acts as food for apathy. It's this apathy politicans oppose so violently. Why not oppose the poop law? MURF'S COLUMN It s Over. Don't Let It Happen Again By PAT MURPHY Gator Feature Editor You're right it's over. For the most part, the election has been forgotten already. Many will say the whole thing ended over four weeksago. Others will still insist the political bubble burst last night. T h e Student Body as a whole will look back at this election as insignif i c a n t. They will do this because of the lacIk of cagnpaign excitement in a two-party batUe for votes. SIURIE But, excitement or not, the fact remains that a new administration has taken the reins of Student Government forranother year. Another platform must be Aved up to, and another set of student leaders will be observed and criticized by the rest of the University. * Mistakes were made on both sides of the Rosier-Biggs fiasco. A few students who don't know already will learn about Joe R .a .i e r's trip to a fraternity house, at 4 am. one morning. They will hear about the contribution to Rosier's campaign that upset Liberty Party politicos -a contribution made by an alleged professor, who turned out to be a graduate assistant instead. Some might even get word that Rosier was given an untimatum to quit the presidential race, or suffer the contributor to be fired because he wap thought to be a faculty member. Emotions ran high this weekend, as representatives of Liberty Party denied, and friends of Rosier protested, th'e apparently "underhanded" political tasticx used on the independent candidate. Those who were undecided about the political scene swung over to Rosier when they heard the news. The Alligator planned coverage of the incident in a pre-election edition, not with the purpose of campaigning for Rosier, but to inform the students of what had happened. But, two wrongs don't make a right. Rosier lot many of his supporters down and lost his pitch in a pre-election Alligator Sunday night when poop sets at a vulgar naturewere distributed by some of the presidential candidate's friends. a a Mhat does tOe whole thing boil down to? Just this-students today are defending their right to more self-government. But the control of an organization such as Student Government must be in hands of mature, level-headed leaders, who are not swayed In an emotional crisis. Leaders who lose their heads and make mistakes like those mentioned above cannot expect the trust of those they lead. But this election and memorles of what happened won't live forever. As was said before, It's all over. It is for the student leaders now to adopt the Idea of mat u r e intelligent action. To govern the students wisely, never losing their sense ot perspeelive. The campus views the new set of leaders now, and much is expected of them. With the end of the election, tudent Government officers wnl take office-and it won't be over. For the victors it's just beginning. BILL GRAYSON A Grayson Tale of 'Well-Known' Sam By BILL GRAYSON (ator Columnist Probably the most interesting student at the University of Florida is Sam Fink. San, as I'm sure you all know, is without a doubt the best known person on campus. In fact everyone knows Sam Fink.* If you've ever been in the Hub when Sam makes his entrance you'll k n o w what I mean. As he waics in, hundreds of students wave and shout "Hi, Sam." If you've attended a Flor i d a football game Im sure you've seen the entire c rowd ON cheer and call out to S am when he makes his entrance to the Florida Field. When he walks by the Florida Pool, swimmers jump from the pool and run to the fence and call out "Hi, Sam." On his way to class every morning he passes a black Chrysler. J. Wayne rol*:s down the window and shouts "Hi, Sam." Recently a friend of Sam's beQ came quite disturbed. Sam had been boasting that he knew everyone. His friend, Salvatore Krumm, made Sam a bet .... a hundred dollars that 5aMn wouldn't know Eisenhower. Immediately Sam went to the phone and called long distance. The operator said, "Hi, Sam, who do you want to talk to?" "Ike," replied Sam. Presently a voice was on the phone. "Hello Sam. Giad to hear from you. Yes, Mamie sends her love. How about another little gains of golf?" Needless to say Salvatore nearly fainted. He became furious. Before Sam knew what had happened his friend purchased plane tickets for Hollywood. A few hours later Sam and Salvatore were standing on Hollywood and Vine. Within a few minutes Jayne Mansfield rode by In her Caddie and called out, "Sam, do you want a ride?" Sam got into the car and introduced Salvatore to Jayne, and to Elizabeth Taylor and Marilyn Monroe who were riding in the back seat. Salvatore was really mad now. "Come on Sam," he said as they boarded the plane. Later the plane landed in London. As Sam and Salvatore fought their way through the fog they noticed the Queen reviewing the troops. Same waved and instantly the queen rode up and said, "I say, Sam, it's been a frightfully long time since I've seen you. Whibe was just asking about you the other day." A~few days later our friends were walking down the Rue de la Pais. As they passed every side cafe Frenchmen put down their wine glasses and called out "Hello, Sam." Suddenly Salvatore grabbed Sam's arm. Sam f ou nd himself in Rome and standing below the balcony at the Vatican Palace. Thousands had assem. bled to receive papal blessings. Suddenly Sam disappeared and a few minutes later Sam and the Pope appeared on the balcony waving to the thousands In the square. Salvatore was enraged. He knew that everyone couldn't know Sam Fink. He turned to a dirty faced Itailan boy and said, 1Son, do you know those two men up there?" The boy glanced up, hesitated for a minute, and then replied, "Sam Fink's on the right but I don't know the other guy.' LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Men's Council Only Has 11 Persons; More Should Attend Meetings, He Says Editor Whatever the merits or demerits of the recent Men's Council budget, it is misleading However, you might take the opportunity to attend some of the meetings and artleulate about men's problems.Managing Editor .LEE FENNELL R,,cise k~An, n AKIV ter*AVw Letters Welcome f-.2. participation is needed. The charter of the Men's Council provides for a basic membership of eleven persons, I I I I I i ,RqLwoopmw"w 14P 

PAGE 3

I Student Injured in Collision Mitchell E. Levison, University student, was k nocked from his Earl Baker ran a red light at the Intersection of 13th Street andI m V .mzmrm mum ,mvd.&A4.ft .u .z k d1 1 aA 4 t" Alachm Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 2, 1958-Page 3' PCL Prof from Kentucky To Head Clearing Group Dr. Gladys M. Kawnmerer, proYear" in 1956 by her collegues in fessor of political science at the the Callege of Liberal Arts and University of Kentucky, was reSciences at the University of Ken. cently appointed Director of the tucky. University of Florida Pub.dc Ad-i Dr. Kammerer received her A. ministration Clearing Service, acB. from Washington University cording to Dr. Manning J. Dauer, in St. Louis; her M.A. from the head of the political science deUniversity of Wisconsin; and herl apartment. Ph.D. frcin the University of Dr. Kammerer will take over Chicago. the duties of the present director Among several a'c a d e m i c Dr. Frederick H. Hartmann, who awards Dr. Kammerer holds a Phi has expressed a desire to spend Beta Kappa. She has specialized more of his time teaching and in in the field of public adminisresearch, said Dauer. tration but is well versed in all "She is very well thought of in aspects of political science. the field of public administraThe P u b 1I c Administration tion," Dauer said. She was voted Clearning Service is an agency Destinguished Professor of the of the department of political science that offers the cities and towns of Florida expert counselg r E e on their problems of dminCurrently the service is conn ducting conferences on planning and zoning problems of growing To HUead u m ni Florida cities. A model city sonmotorcycle when a car drivenby, ing code is being made up as a motorcycle whF. MaguiredJr., Qb. result of these conferences. University Avenue Sunday afterRaymer F. Maguire Jr., Or.s ese conferences were made ia GanerAql Hoital. Al involved lando, was recently namd presiFr d 211. LLevison nufered a racTured writ anan w e Uan a u e p .pdent elect of the University Of P was another car driven by Charles K, Crown, Gainesville resident. (Gator Photo). Florida Alumni Aun. at its anP nual meeting on the campus. Dull ElectionD.-'-Elected for the 19590 term, Zetas Win Sigma Chi Derby Maguire will succeed William 8. (Continued From Page ONE) Walker, who assumes the presiTo the students milling apaN orm a r C hosen Qdency April 1. Walker, Jacksonthetically around Bryan Lounge, -Cvile attorney, succeeds Paul SheI few voted other than the 2,000 The 10th annual Agma Chi Kappa Delta for egg-swatting, Allley, Tallahassee, as president of Liberty Party check-off and the Derby was won by Zeta Tau Alpha Epsilon Phi for egg-throwassociation. f several former "University" pha sorority on overall points last ing, and Alpha Delta P for the Re-elected for his second term a Party houses that cared. Saturday and Norma Sarra, 2UC t egaas treasurer was L. William Grai: Independent action, even with Alpha Delta Pi from Miami, was three-legged race. ham, Gainesville, who will serve i two independents in the race, chosen Derby Queen. Runners up in the Queen conIn the 1958-59 year.C was nil. The Zetas copped the overall test were Rosemare Meeks, DelUniversity of Florida SignifiUnfortunate points last Saturday and Norma ta Delta Delta, second and Lynn cant Alumni Awards, to be given 9 This was unfortunate. Sarra, 2UC Alpha Delta Pi from Morris, Kappa Delta, third. for the second year at the June P As one political leader said afMiami, was chosen Derby Queen. Overall points were awarded in commencement, will go to Erwin ter Joe Chapman gave his speech The Zetas copped the overall each event for the first three plaA. Clayton, Gainesville; LaMar a conceding defeat (Joe's had been trophy for their wins in the parces except in case of tie. Trophies Sarra, Jacksonville, both past 1 the closest race), "the students ade float, pie-eating contest and were given to first place winners. presidents of the Association; and i didn't vote because they didn't surprise event. Other first place The Derby dance that night was Kenneth Skaggs, Marianna, preshave anything to vote for." awards went to Delta Gamma open house for all fraternities on ident of Chipola Junior College. V The issues of the campaign, It for the button-finding contest, campus and was attended by ap.t was evident, were covered under proximately 1,000 students. BuG p the soot of the "feet sheet." the Center Friday night Derby QueenBusinessG roupP indifference of the candidates candidates and sorority liaison themselves, and the eager, hastCo ducts Survey men were feted at a banquet inI ty, Immature action of many Ocala. Earlier in the week they Alpha Phi Chapter of Alpha Kapoliticos on both sides of the On Lung Disease were honored guests on a Jackppa Psi, professional b u si n e s fence. sonville television show. fraternity, held formal initiaThere were no surprises in the Histoplasmosis, a fungus infection last week of the spring returns, no upsets, no "shaketion that primarily attacks the Blue Key Speakers pledge class of 13 Business AdThe bloc held, lungs, is the subject of a survey To Mot April 9 ministration students. i FineRaebeing conducted by the College The new Initiates are Hansel P of Medicine. There will be a training meeting Drury, Melvin Francher, Fred r se gratest moment of Ninety -five per cent of the for all Florida Blue Key Speakers Fisher, Pete Gillespie, David HuChpnwseefineatce be infections are mild and show few Wednesday, April 9, in the Florigerton. Marvin Kohn, Clayde Lawattributedt he td o symptoms, the medical center reda Union Auditorium at 3:45 rence, Stephen MaCarthur, Oral e Ctr t n e hirddtHonr ports, but the remainder may dePresident Reitz wil give the Mood, Kenneth Palmer, Layton Court chancellor candidate AnMoy KnehPamrrLyo drew McLeod and the recent velop severe complications. snain address to the speakers Pfilmon, William Smith and Clarswitch of Signa Phi Epsilon to Approximately 3,500 students and last minute arrangements and ence Treadwell. b the Liberty Party. will be given the simple skin test problns wil be ironed out. A banquet honoring the new To parody Dickie Sewell of a during a six-week period. DormAll speakers are expected to atbrothers will be held on April d few years ago, who parodied stories, fraternities, sororities and tend this important meeting. 110.d others before him, "once again, other groups will be contacted nobody knew, nobody cared.ndividually to arrange a suitable'Poop' Novelties Appear on Campus a dull election." time and place for testing.Pi -_The tests are termed Impor( 3 n fromg Page ONE)f tant because they will show past C 5-Day Account or present infections, will inform pus and the slogan "Bust the Block" written on it, and later the the state's physicians of the preword Rosier was printed on the barrel of the anament. (Contiued From Page ONE) sence of this disease within the Late Sunday night, Interior Secretary Truman Skinner took both the Liberty politicans, maten pr determine the percharge of removal of the cannon from the campus, on the grounds and other Interested s mewithin the state. that poop could be placed on campus only on the specified green dent leaders spend the day boards and banners. attempting to arrive at the basis in truth behind the many Frost Outburst conflicting reports of all the Today and FRIDAY -SATURDAY individuals involved. Brings Probation T Siday evening: Various "poop" Tomorrow sheets put out by the Rosier The Faculty Discipline Cmgroup begin to appear on mittee has placed a student on THE BEST campus stating their veracademic probation for disordSion of the train of incidents erly conduct at the recent Rob**** FOUR STARS that occurred. ert Frost Lecture. Sunday 1 p.m.: The Alligator John Arthur 8trickland, Jacicdecides not to print an ex sonville Beach, forfeited his __ .Kia. tra edition. bond in city court on charges &ie" Monday night: The Liber t y of -disorderly conduct resulting a C. th Party dist r i b u t e a "poop" from a disturbance at the Frost perfmcmaace!' sheets around the campus lecture. He was removed by N y I eH denying Rosier's accusations campus police from the audiand offering an explanation of torium at the time and taken their version of the story. to the city police station and placed under $25 bond. Education Dames to Meet The Faculty Discipline Committe has placed hin on acaThe Education Dames will meet demic probation for the retonight at 8 p.m. at the home mainder of his undergraduate of Mrs. Vynce Hines, 1220 SW career.l Oth Road, Audobon Park. Featured at the meeting will be a talk on flower arranging Printing Manager Named by Mrs. Jack Moore. To Head Purchasing Dept.S I Tom Wells, manager of the University Printing Department, TOMORROW SATURDAY will take over this week as Director of Purchasing for the UnverLOST ON CAMPUS -one black sity. wAmuma rn.Mk alligator skin shoe, High heel, Wells, 44, succeeds Jack 6. size 6. If found contact Ann Reeves who resigned in January Bush, University Infirmary, to enter private business. Wells has been on the Univer..E. E .. 58 RENAULT DAUPHINE, LIKE sity staff since 1950, and has NEW, STILL IN WARRANTY, been manager of the printing deHEATER, W.W., 40-PLUS M.P. partment since 1954. G. HELP STAMP OUT DETROIT IRON. FR 6-4492. 'CAN YOU sail expertly? Staff STUDENTS! now being developed at Camp ST ossible by a grant trom r-ori a Power Corporation. Data Sheets Available at Printing Dept. Orders for personal data sheets or job seekers are now being! accepted by the University printng Department, according to Act rng Director of Printing R. C. Curnmings.1 The personal data sheet lists pecific information of interest to rospective employers. Cummings says the service is available to all students and almni of the University of Flor-c ida. Cummings says 100 data sheets osts $4.75. This does not Include a he price of photography. Higher prices are charged for rush jobs. An average job takes about twoa weeks. Groups Conflict f On Incidents IH (Continued from Page ONE) bat the Liberty Party was "holdt4 rg all the cards" and left the Phi Gamn house after refusing a ide back to his room. At this point rumors began to Circulate around campus to the effect that Rosier had been "kidapped" bodily from his room ind taken to a fraternity where b e was allegedly coersed into ret igning from the presidential candidacy. The complete episode was cli' maxed Sunday and Monday C ights when both parties involved issued "poop" sheets giving con3 licting version# of what had ocr urred. I Father and Son Initiated J. Lewis Hall Ir., a graduating senior in Law School, was Ini. tiated into Phi Delta Phi legal honorary fraternity simultaneously with his father in ceremonies iast Saturday. .Left to right above are Law School Dean Henry Fenn; J. Lewis Hall Jr., Lou Frost, president of Phi Delta Phi; and J. Lewis Hall Sr., president elect of the Florida Bar Association. (Gator Photo) IFC Appropriates $1,500.Fund For Film on University Life Ray Barkett, Beta I.F.C. Representative, announced yesterday that the Interfraternity Council had appropriated $1,500 to make a movie publicising fraternities and fraternity life. The Technicolor, 15 minute movie will include five major characters, a narrator, a housemother, a diver and two gatherings of mixed crowds. Jack, the main character of the film, is a high school senior who comes to Florida on a week-end visit. Charlie, his host, greets Jack with two of his friends andi ogether they show Jack around! Coed ROTC Cadette First Girl to Receive Position Nancy M. Hamilton, a student at the University of Florida, has become the first girl in the hisory of the Air Force ROTC deachment at the University to be appointed Information Services Officer and Editor of the cadet newspaper, "Wing Tips."I Cadette Hamilton. a resident of Mt. Dora, Florida, is a sophomore at the University majoring I n international relations. the University awnd through their fraternity house. As the week-end progresses Jack sees the fine points of a fraternity and also meets Jane, a coed. The two crowd scenes take place at Church on Sunday and at an interfraternity swim meet. Barkett said that the characters have not been chosen yet and that all of the people in the film would be taken from the Fraternity -Sorority system. Anyone wishing to try out is urged to contact Howard Schwartz at the TEP House. The complete shooting of the film will be done on the April 17-19. II I 'I k WHAT IS A RACCOON COAT? 9e JM Professors Affend Meet In Tallahassee Headed by Director Ral 0. Weimer, nine University of 'rIda Journalism faculty members attended the eighth annual meet. Ing of the Florida &Sholastic Press Association last weekend in Tallahassee. The FSPA, a statewide society composed of high school journalism teachers, sponsors the yearly meetings to familiarize high school students with the latest journalistic techniques. Most of the 600 or more students at the meeting work on yearbooks or school newspapers. The University of Florida and Florida State University alternate yearly as the meeting place of FSPA. Dr. Weimer met with the FSPA Executive Board Thursday, appeared on a European Travel Board Friday, and attended a newspaper makeup lecture Saturday. Journalism professors w h o lectured to FSPA students were Hugh Cunningham, headlines; H. G. Davis, news; John P. Jones, feature writing; George Miller, photography; Joe Vogel, interviews; and Jennings G. Weaver, radio-TV writing. G. W. Gilstrap and Lee Emory Franks attended a joint dinner for FSU journalism faculty members. Domes Set Elections Engineering Dames will elect officers for next year Tuesday, April 8, at Xp.m. In the Florida Union Auditorium. Refreshments will be served after the meeting in Bryan Lounge. U Golfland Driving Range Daily 4-11 p.m. Sat. &Sun. 2-11 p.m. 441, He"n Club fo Everygo* Jos Past INIese.4. N.W. I3th &N.W.qb"es. Men = HUNGRY -Wonmen ALL YOU CAN EAT LUNCH 60-5e SUPPER 75C SINGLE ROOMS AVAILABLE HOURS 11:30-1:30 5:15-7:30 UNIVERSITY LODGE 18 N.W. 17 Street 'I, I SMOKE RINGS come in all shapes and sizes. Like 4-sided smoke rings for squares. Sturdy smoke rings for windy days. Even invisible smoke rings for people who aren't ostentatious. As any competent smoke ringer (Vapor Shaper in Sticklese!) will tell you, the best way to start one is to light up a Lucky. It's best mostly because a Lucky tastes best. A Lucky gives you naturally light, wonderfully good-tasting tobacco, toasted to taste even better. Why settle for less? You'll say a light smoke's the right smoke for you! DON'T JUST STAND THERE. STICKLE I MAKE $25 Sticklers are simple riddles with two-word rhyming answers. Both words must have the same number of syllables. (No drawings, please!) We'll shell out $25 for all we usewmmn and for hundreds that never se orin So snd stacksa of 'em with I I I I I WHA7I A MANWH BLWS TMOK(E INGiS? Wei* S PAR~ WHAT AN MIOUS SMOG SONMAt '"aft oun. Ti L WI" ISA TIY. WHArS A CAME RUNUW? m I 

PAGE 4

Page 4-Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 2, 1958 Minnesota's Edelen Takes Coveted Cup Pleasing the crowd and displaying one of the most modest, likeable personalities of any Florida Relays copnpetitor, Minnesota's Buddy Edelen ran a 9:10.5 twomile Saturday and was an almost u n a n i m o us choice for the KearneyRaybun trophy, Southern track's most coveted award. Edelen, .a cousin of Florida track coach Percy Beard, is the Big Ten cross-country champ and has run a 9:05.4 two-mile, indoors this year. Only a junior, he expects to compete in the Relays again next year. Breaking from the pack at the Sound of the starter's pistol, the affable Gopher maintained the same torrid pace for all eight laps and lapped several men on his way to the new record. On being asked if he thought that having a few fast men up front to pace him would have caused him to run a faster race, Edelen replied, "Well, maybe, but I tried to run at the same pace all through the race; so, I don't know. One thing I thought was really great was this crowd. I've never had the pleasure of running before such appreciative fans, and I guess that spurred me on. It was really great." By the end of the first two lap., it was evident that this was not going to be an ordinary two-me, and the crowd gave him a tremendous ovation each time he passed in front of *e s*aids. After be crossed the finish line, in appreciation of the ftans' applause, be took the traditional distance-man's victory lap, and then, came into the Infield, with a modest, embarrassed grin on his face. Receiving the award, Edelen commented, "This is the greatest thrill of my life." The trophy remains here, with his name engraved on it, and the personable Minnesotan receives a gold watch. The trip to Florida proved a profitable one for coach Jim Kelly and his three athletes. In addition to Edelen's victory, Jim Henry took first place in the shot put, and sophomore Stan Morrow wound up in a four-way for first in the pole vault. tie f~. .----1 I. ~.-< SPRING SPORTS SCENE By KENN FINKEL and JACK WINSTEAD Gator Sports Writers I Writers Stumble over Trophies, Compile Tid-Bits of Information Wandering through the stadium one fine spring day, your writers stumbled through the double-glass doors of the Department of IntercollegiateAtheltics. The first thing to catch our eye was a collection of trophies, en. two-year probation imposed on cased in glass, just inside the enthem by the Association that trance. A careful scrutiny of these spring. relics of Gator sports successes The probation is due to be liftmade us curious as to what indied this spring, and should any of viduals had done to contribute to the spring sports stars prove the honors represented by the asthemselves worthy, they will be sorted cups, plaques, footballs, eligible to compete in NCAA and helmets. events. aleing careful to avoid trlppCatcher for Florida on that Ing over huge trophies which '532 championship squad, and, would not fit into the overstuffed also an Al-SEC pick, was Haycabinet, we eased around the corwood Sullivan, who Is now given ner Into that storehouse of ina good chance to stick with the formation, the sports publicity Boston ked Sox, after five years office.of looking great In spring train. Jimmy Gay, publicity director, Ing only to be sliipped down to greeted us with his vibrant smile the Minors. "This looks like it anld told us that we were welcould be Sully's year," said come to use his files to obtain Bosox manager Pinky Bigany information in which we were gins, recently. interested. Florida's Dick Leslie was runAs the Florida Relays and ner-up in the number one singles o t i e r spring s p o r t s events competition in the conference tenhad kept us busy for the past nis tourney last season. Dave few days, we hadn't had time to Shaw took second place in numget Into any weird adventures. ber four play, as did Dan GuzThus, we decided to fill up space man-Perry in number five. Hugh! this week with a few tid-bits of -"Stringbeai Waters copped Information obtained f r o m the number six honors. publicity office files. Shaw and Buddy Husband .0 were runners-up in number two The Florida Gators hold three doubles play, while Waters and Southeastern Conference varsity Guzman-Perry took the same track records. L e r o y Poucher position In number three douset the present pole vault standblep. With all these wins and ard of 14 feet, 2 and 7-8 inches, in second places, the Gators were 1951. still beaten out for second place J. Papa Hall high jumped 6 In team standings by Louislfeet, 7 and 3-8 inches to set the ana State, 24 to 23. Tulane's 31 mark in that event in '53, and the points made them easy team vic440-yard relay team of Don Lutors. cey, Jim Smith, Lincoln Knowles, Florida holds three freshmen and Ellis Goodloe set the mark SEDC track records, two set by of 42 seconds flat, last spring. -the same man. All three records Florida has had the SEC golf were set in the 1956 conference medalist for the past two years, freshman ineet, with Ellis Goodwith Dave Ragan, now a pro, loe setting a 100-yard dash standcopping the honor in 1956, and ard of 9.8 and a 220 mark of 21 Tommy Aaron doing the same flat. last year. Miler Mike Morgan set the twoThe Gators won the conference mile record, which is 10:19.2.1 baseball championship in 1952 Incidentally, the frosh high hurdand 1956. The '56 team was inles standard was set in 1956 at elligible to go to the NCAA tour. 15.1, by a man with the familiar ney, which is known as the "colname of Billy Stacy, of Mississiplege world series," because of a Ipi State. Winning Streak Is Stopped As Canes Down UF Nine Coach Dave Fuller's basebaders saw their four-game winning streak cOme to an abrupt halt at the hands of the Miami Hurricanes in the Magic City last weekend, by scores of 3-1 and 9-8. Control was the key factor in Friday's game as lefty Tim Twomey walked nine Miamians, in-I cluding three in the eighth inn-I ing. The lanky junior from Tampa walked in two with the bases loaded, giving the 'Canes their two-run margin in the eighth, after the Gators had tied the score 1-1, in the top of the sixth. Florida could manage but Smith, who had replaced Ray Oestreicher in the sixth, give the Hurricanes their 9-8 margin. The Gators blew a 5-0 lead but came back to knot the count at 7-7 in the top of the ninth, sending the encounter Into extra Innings. The victory was the sixth in a row for Miami after drnnnin5' flriduStuteCaptures Four Relays, Two ldividualEventsto Sweep Meet A potent contingent of thinclads from Florida State swept team honors, and Buddy Edelen of Minnesota took individual laurels at the "biggest ever" fifteenth annual Florida Relays last Saturday. The Seminoles compiled an uncord et by North Carolina's Jimras official team total (based on 5-4-3 y it hamstring. The Southeastern fare -well as expected, due GALLOPING GOPHER RFJEIVES TROPHY .Minnesota's Buddy Edelen, who set a new record in the Florida Relays twomile run last Saturday, poses with the Kearny-Raybun trophy which he won for being chosen the outstanding competitor In the 1958 Relays. 2-1 system, with double points for relay events) of 52 points, some 29 points away from nearest competitor, Kentucky. The upstate neighbors from Florida's sister Institution won four relays, not competing in the distance medley. In addition, Jerry Henderson won the javelin, Jim Casteel took the broad jump, and Jack Terwilliger finished fourth In the 100yard dash. Edelen, one of the most popular cindermen ever to compete in the Relays, won the two-mile run in the blistering time of 9:10.5, knocking 9.3 seconds off the reBeatty in 1950, and earned the Kearny-Raybun trophy. FSU set new records of 3:24.6 in the sprint medley and 3:14.4 in the mile relay, in addition to winning the quarter mile and two,. mile relays. Duke's Dave Sime won the 100-yard dash for the third straight year, slipping to a 9.7. The expected duel in this event did not come off as several of the entrants were not in the finals. Florida's Ellis Goodloe won his preliminary heat and was out in front in his semifinal, when he suffered a muscle cramp in his Soph Fullbacks Milby, MacBeth in Spotlight As Orange, Blue Plod Through 8-8 Deadlock A pair of sophomore fullbacks stole the spotlight from several highly-publicized as evenly matched Orange and Blue squads plodded to an 8-8 deadlock in the annual squad spring football game. Jon MacBeth and Bob Milby were the standouts for the Orange Ven. and Blue teams respectively, as Charlie Smith, St. Augustine Jun. I'rn-ior halfbackwas also a rushing eacn pic e up cusmera yizu age and contributed fine defensive efforts. Milby, playing for the Blue team, scored his eleven's only touchdown on a 40 -yard journey off tackle midway through the second period. The husky Ocalam nearly got away again later in the stanza, galloping 22 yards before being stopped by the Orange safety. Picking up 75 yards in nine carries, Milby was the game's leading ground gainer. His defensive play also drew the plaudits of Florida head Coach Bob Woodruff. The hard-running MacBeth started the game for the Blues, but, when Sonny Giles aggravated an ankle injury, MacBeth was shifted to the Orange team for the second hai. The 5-9, 190nd Warrington (near Pensacola) native picked up most of the yardage he gained during the second half, when he wort the uniform of the orange elestandout for the Orange. He picked up 55 yards in nine carries, and was the only Orange back to successfully sweep the Blue flanks. The Orange tally came in the third quarter on an eight yard toss from quarterback Wayne Williamson to flankman Pat Patchen, and the Tampa junior pitched to halfback Don Deal for the two-pointer. After Milby's score, Blue quarter-back Jimmy Manes hit Nick Arfaras, Tarpon Springs end, In the end zone for the extra points. End and guard seemed to be the strongest points on the forward walls of both elevens. Woodruff praised the play of all four guard starters, and flankmen Patchen, David Hudson, and Perry McGriff. Bob Hawkins, a sophomore center, also drew praise from the Gator mentor, as did several other first year men. Dartmouth Net Team To /nvade; Michigan State Drops Gators I Dartmouth's netmen, who have ot been on Florida's scheduled since 1950 when they lost 9-0, will natch shots with coach Bill Pot-a her's tennis team this afternoon Dn the Newberry Road Courts. The varsity netters will then hit the road for an Easter trip vhich will find them taking on our tough foes in five days. The Irst stop for Florida will be in Tallahassee tomorrow, where he Florida State Seminoles will be hosts. Southeastern Con f e r e n e e squads will furnish the opposition in the remaining matches of the holiday tour. Crossing the border into the Peach State, the Gators will invade the home camps of the Bulldogs of Georgia in Athens on Friday and the Yellow Jackets of Georgia Tech in Atlanta on Saturday. Florida will be attempting to avenge two set-backs by thisI same pair earlier in the season.I Georgia slipped by the Gators 5, while a strong Tech team managed a 6-3 defeat. Monday afternoon will find Potter's crew in the state of Alabama, where Auburn will entertain in the Loveliest Village. Not much is known concerning tie Plainsmen netmen, but a. check of the record shows they suffered a 9-0 loss in Gatorland last year. The travelers will then return Swimmers Enter AAU The University of Florida will; send four representatives to the, National AAU swimming and diving championships to be held at New Haven, Connecticutt, this weekend. Gray-haired Jack Ryan will accomnanv four of his SEC individt e t a i o Gainesville, where they will enjoy a day's rest before taking o the home courts again to meet powerful Louisiana State squad which finished second to Tulane n the SEC Tournament last May. Last Friday, the Gator racquetmates last Saturday night, University of Florida intraGOTCHA! .Scotty Dunlop of the Blues picks up a short gain against the Orange In Saturday night's Orange and Blue game. Pat Patchen moves in to stop him. The game ended in an 8-8 tie. Golfers Whip Northern Illinois State; Three Matches in Georgia on Tap Bouncing back from an unexpected loss to Miami, the Florida golf squad downed the Northern Illinois State University linksmen at the Gainesville Country Club Monday afternoon, 231-31. Ace Tommy Aaron, now recovered from a bout with the virus, Skip Stigger, and Al Duhaime fired 71's for the Gators to share medalist honors. Willie K. Turner shot a 72, while captain Pete Trenham and Bruce Louden had 77's. men went down to defeat fof the The victory left Florida with a third time this season, as oppos4-4 mark in dual meets, In ed to four wins, losing to Michi. addition to the team championgan State 5-4. The Sp a r t a n s ship in the Florida Intercollegisplit six singles matches with ate Golf Tournament. Florida and then ganged up to Last Saturday the locals were take two of the three doubles upset, 18-9 by Miami at the Biltevents. more Country Club in Coral GaThe results follow: bless. A mix-up in schedule arBisard (MS) defeated Husband rangements had coach Conrad 3-6, 6-4, 6-0; S h a w (F) d. Rehling and his squad up at 5:30, Zaremba 6-0, 8-6; Hotchkiss (MS) and on the tee some two hours d. Waters, 6-4, 4-6, 6-1; Moser later, while earlier, it was un(F) d. Hoffman 7-3, 6-3; Friedderstood that the match was to man (F)-d. Sassack, 6-2, 2-6, 6-4; begin at one o'clock that after-1 Smith (MS) d. Cleare 6-3, 4-6, noon. 7-5; Bisard and Hoffman (MS) d. Husband and Shaw 10-8, 6-1; Zaremba and Vela (MS) d. Waters FOR BOYS & GIRLS, M and Moser 7-5, 6-3; Sellers and"R L Cleare (F) d. Hotchkiss and SasPROBLEM sack 2-6, 6-2, 6-4. r iinsi from corners of the Students, faculty and administrato, come to the William Sloane House, long famous for its comfortable, inexpensive accommodations and its wide spread program of services. Enjoy cleanrrooms, coffee shop, tailor, TV room, sports. forums and touirs.All a n rmnt n m ELIII P1 With Aaron remaining in Gainesville because of his m1ness, Turner was the Gator medalist with a 78. Lee Raymond of the Hurricanes was low man, stroking his way to a 70. Other Florida scores, including' Duhaime's 74, Stigger's 74, Trenham's 76, Louden's 80, and Don Miller's 82. Duhaime was the only individual winner for Florida. The linksmen now invade Georgia for three matches before returning home for a match with Bradley on April 11. They will meet Georgia Tech in Atlanta on the fourth, Georgia In Athenns on the fif th, and Mercer in Macon on the seventh. In earlier matches this season, the Gators knocked off Tech and lost to Georgia. SPECIAL LOW PRICE S oilIs stant. JIM DANDY Y1,14SERVtC* Dept. A Newerry, 3.6. AEN & WOMEN WITH ,, SKINS! NATE PLES Within 30 Days OR YOUR MONEY BACK! The aU-NEW, amazing "CAMPUS" Facial-Treatment Kit offers M. MEDIATE reli~efrom the.em. The "CA AMPUS" Kit consists of 6 %I 1I! Conference 100-yard dash champ mainly to Gioodioe's injury, and hobbled along, desperately trythe absence of co-captain Davey ing to get to the tape, but fell to Jones, who was in bed with the the cinders, some 10 yards short flu. Goodloe was expected to place of the finish. The muscle is exin the 100-yard event and to run pected to respon. to treatment in an one or two relays, while Jones ten days. was to run in three relays. Louisiana State's Bily CaPlaces garnered by the Gatore non did not compete in the sprint included a third place in the disb e c a u s e of a pulled muscle, tance medley, a fourth in the while Ollan (assell of East quarter-mile relay, co -captain Tennessee State did not come George Pennington's tie for secto Gainesville at all. Thus Sime's ond in the high jump, Art Fosonly real competition came from l ter's fourth in the broad jump, and Louisana Tech's Pat Garrett. Winfield Willis' fifth in the shot The Florida cindermen did not put. Phi Kappa Tau WinsTwo Blue 'Round Ball' Trophies By BILL BUCHALTER Gator Sports Writer Phi Kappa Tau, a proficient winner In competition concerning a round ball, captured the Blue League basketball and volleyball crowns and Phi Delta Theta, which continued its winning ways in an effort to retain the President's Cup, woi the Orange loop volleyball trophy in recent intramur-, al competition. Phi Tau, paced by the hot shooting and ball -handling of Gene Downs, outbucketec' Lambda Chi Alpha 33-19 in the cage finals. Downs meshed T points and Buckets Milikin controlled the backboards for the winners. John Phillpott's rebounding and passing were the high spots for the Lambda Cliin. The Phi Taus continued their winning way In vollyball by rapping Theta Chi in the finals. The volleyball champs defeated Chi Phi in thedsemi-finals 15.4, 11-15, 15-7, and had previously downed P1 Kappa Phi, Alpha Epsilon Phi, and Phi Sigma Kappa. The Phi Delts outspiked the; Delts 12-15, 15-12, 15-9 to win thel Orange League volleyball crown. The final tilt was an exciting encounter and featured some of the top players on campus. Jack Amos and Danny Doyle were outstanding for the "Blue" and basketballers Charlie Pike and Wayne Williams paced the Delts. Previously the "Blue" had whipped Sigma Phi Epsilon IS9, 15-9 in the Semi-finals. The Phi Del& also triumphed ov-er braket foes, Tau Epsilon Phi, P1 Kappa Alpha, and Kappa Sigma. The runnerup Delts captured the perennially rugged bracket III title. Victories were scored over Sigma Chi, Aipha Tau Omega, Sigma Nu, and Sigma Alpha Epsilon. The Delt -Lionmen match was the deciding factor for the bracket championship. Paced by Pike, Williams, and Charlie Carroll, the sky -scraping Delta outspiked the SAE's 15-12, 10-15, 15-13 for their important win. Sigma Phi Epsilon captured the remaining bracket by scoring convincing wins over strong Pi Lambda Phi, Beta Theta P, and Kappa Alpha. Oit By (evis.A*#Wof !"Raftv emid te h~wEipBnad 'Ba~oo 8 a"mlkChe") A FRAT TO REMEMBER Every year, as we all know, the Benevolent and Protective Order of Collegiate Fraternities awards a highly coveted prize to the fraternity house which, in its Judgment, has done the most to promote and enhance the fraternity way of life. The prize this year-eight hundred pounds of putty-goes to the Alpha Hernia chapter of the South Dakota College of Dentistry and Renaissance Art. The award this year is exceptionally richly deserved, for the Alpha Hernia house is the very model of all a fraternity should be. It is, first of all, a most attractive house physically. The outside walls are tastefully covered with sequins. Runniing along the upper story is a widow's walk, with a widow stationed every three feet. Moored to the chimneypot is the Graf Zeppelin. Indoors the house gives an impression of simple, casual charm. The chapter room is furnished in homey maple and chintz, with a dash of verve provided by a carp pool three hundred feet in diameter. A waterspout rises from the center of the pool with the housemother bouncing on the top. Members' roonis are gracious and airy and are provided with beds which fold into the wall and are never seen again. Each room also has a desk, a comfortable chair, a good reading lamp, and a catapult for skeet-shooting. Kidney-ehaped desks are available for kidney-shaped members. Perhaps the most fetching feature of the house are the packs of Marlboros stacked in heaps wherever one goes. If one wishes to enjoy a fine filtered cigarette in any room of the home, all one need do is reach out one's hand in any direction and pick up a Marlboro. Then one rubs two pledges together, lights one's Marlboro, and puffs with sweet content the tastiest smoke the mind of man has yet devised The decor, the grace, the Mariboros, all combine to make Alpha Hernia a real gasser of a fraternity. But a fraternity is I Kill i III m I 5 
