
PAGE 1

The Florida A g 1 tat o r Vol. 55, No. 117 University of Florida, Gainesville Monday, April 1, 1963 Candidates Admit They're Illegil A well-oiled political campus party. gave way to confessions last night 'They weren't man enough to when all candidates running for admit they were bastards," said student body posts admitted they Ron LaFarce, party spokesman. were illegitimate. The Non-Student Party denied "We f e el this has a direct this however. "We never said bearing onthe student body we weren't illegitimate, but we election," both sides said in felt that it did not have a place unision. in campus politics," said Toni "But we admitted it first" said Lreer. the C. Y. B. (C ast Your Ballot) "It was only after we found a It's 5 Swimming Pools Here in 63 Plans for the. purchase of five accounts but it didn't take any local swimming poolswere tax money. announced yesterday by UF Pres. "That makes sense, doesn't it?" J. Wain Gritz. he said. "I feel that a great land grant Gritz said he was proud of the institution like the University of aquisition. He felt that the UF Florida should honor a great was going on to greatness. swimming team like we had this "I expect to purchase seven year," Gritz said. fishing camps, thirteen bowling The cost of th6 pools is estialleys and turn the present 18mated at nearly one-half million hole golf course into a 27-hole dollars. course before the legislature, "I expect legislators around the meets Gritz said. state to complain. But they just Director of Informational Serdon't understand. This money is vices Hope Kernals said he and coming outof the concession fund," Dean of University Relations Bing Gritz said. Crosby, had been waiting for a Mallory Bugle, speaker of the tough job like this. Florida House of Representatives said the move was typical of the He said that perhaps it was the H o no r smartest thing a University president could have done on a legislative year when he is crying m for more money. fl augu "it will make all the legislators happy toknow that the UF is considering first the health of the Starting today it will bepossible students," Bugle said. to pick up an Honor Coed and Percy Whiskers, the UF'spublic leave her before class. relations expert said the It's part of the long-awaited legislators would probably take Honor Coed program. it very well. Paul B endix, UF Student Bod3 Whiskers went on to explain the President, said yesterday that the tax payers just couldn't understand program will depend onthe student all the complicated different body. Gator Editor KidnappE Staff Uncovers Campu. A howling mob of revengeful Davey was dragged from behind campus pbiiticos last night kidhis desk Lathe crumbling basement napped AlleyGator Editor Davey -of the Florida Unity Building and Lawrence, big bad 3JM bully, and carried, tied hand and foot, to a roadtripped him to Dixie County waiting car. while publishing a special edition Dave y' s assiliants were of the paper. described by other Alley-Gator EDaveymBoy' Exposed Alligator I altor David Lawrence said be was sorry he Lawrence, Jr. wasexposedyesterdeceived the students but that he day by the Board of Faculty-Rum was really the son of a David Publications. Lawrence. Willim Epperstein, acting Board Chairman Ralphy board executive secretary said Thompson said it was undecided that when the board checked what action would be taken but Lawrence's references when he he assured -the students applied for editor it was found that Lawrence's salary would be th David Lawrence the syndicated cut at least 40 per cent. "sHe cohumlAs was no relation to the should still be able to getthrough Alligator editor. school on $50 per week." imate slam sheet they (the C.Y.B. party) gave to the p1e d g e s to spread through the dorms did we wish to let the campus know. They were saying we were bastards and not man enough to admit it." A look at the past record of this campaign shows considerable fury. 1) Jim Phew, candidate for bookkeeper of the Honor Court, admitted he was not eligible for election. Regis t r ar records indicated that Phewwasnota student. Phew said when he registered to run, he felt that he was a legitimate candidate. The dean of his college said Phew had been counseled but that he didn't remember Phew attending classes. 2) Jim G. Cracker said he was 33 years old and didn't fesl that was to old to run for president. "Some of our greatest leaders did their best work when they were 33." 3) Candidate Cracker challenged C. Y. B. candidates Paule "Sweet Boy" Bendixs to a nose-to-nose-debate through the dorms. Bendixs refused saying, I believe that all the news with decency is our only limit." 4) Bendixs, the clean man's candidate, saidhe was happy the Aggitator was going to editorially back him in his race. KR C N KWULLtK DIEVE ALAiMU thrills thousands at annual Spring Frolics. Steve Ala'imo Stars In Frol cs M i a m i rock-and-roller Steve Alaimo sent Spring Frolics crowds into gales of applause and won a standing ovation for his performance in the Gym Friday night. Alaimo, nattily attired in charcoal-grey skin, flipped he black hair at the crowd as.,he c r o o n e d through several great college-loved ballards. The crowd went wild. Coed Program rated Today "We have had four fraternity to class. "But you must leave houses putting the Honor Coeds her outside the classroom. Prointo shape, they were a little rusty fessors have lent their approval and we spent over 1,000 man hours to the program on this condition," preparing these Honor. Coeds for he said. campus distribution,," Bendix said. UF Pres. J. Wain Gritz gave P r o g r a m chairman Mick E. whole-hearted approval. "in the Mouse said it would be easier course of development of a great for a student to get from class land grant institution many programs must be started. I have not been given the full details on hd the program. But if It has any thing to do with Honor I am for It." Dean of Livestock Marine Shady s Trutsaid the picking coeds for the program has been a difficult job. staff members as having that "It took the entire faculty and staff "greasy political look." of the Swine division along with The kidnappers bludgeoned the Livestock Judging Team to Davey into unconsciousness with select the Honor Coeds. gold chains laden with service "I only wish I were a coed keys. again," she added. One of the Honored Coeds, Lawrence had just returned to Prudence Sellers said she under, his office from the Florida Unity stood her role as a Honor Coed. poolroom when the mob burst into "I understand everything about the building. He had won $17.32 the program and my oblgations but in meal tickets from staff members I am Puzzled where they got the he had forced into the pool game name." by threats of withholding their Another of the select group of salary. coeds, Careful Eilers, said that It is rumored that some staff Mortar Broad, women's honorary, members may have had a hand would lend full backing to the new in Davey's disappearance. The program. current political campaign has ",This is the sort of service caused a staff split between the we like to be associated with," Unbiased Cast Your Ballot (C. she continued. "Projects on this Y B.) Party member of the staff, -plane will help our usai v e9ra i t y and the 135 Bised staff members. expand." Concert Alaimo proved he was more than a singer when he added a bump and grind routine to his presentation which had a devastating effect on the audience. As a performer, Alimo make good use of two microphones in which he carressedlovingly-sendIng campus coeds screaming Into the aisles. Although it was Allamo who made the show Anita Bryant, and Vaughn Meader also appeared. Leader, the star of "First Family", sent the crowd into near sleep with his long performance. The crowd appeared to enjoy the m.t y excerpts from his First Family record which he quoted many times. After the show, Aliamo thanked the students for their enthusiastic cooperation in hand-clapping and the twisting partners for handling themselves similar to the dancers at Miami BeachSenior HighSchool. Little S*isters Plan Party A rush party of the "Little Sisters of the Madras Underwear" will be held tomorrow afternoon at the UF lifestock pavilion. All coeds who wish to honor what's beneath are invited to attend said President Gladi M. Affiliated. "There's not much to it that I can show you," she said. "Currently its pretty niuch tder wraps." "However, advisor to organisations William G. Dmbtecross told us we have to prove our validity before we canbecomea recognized UF group," she continue. "Its the setlingcc the gro that U F coeds should take more pride in what they wear. We of Little Sisters of the Madras Underwear are proud to have the public know that some coeds do try to be appealing to the eye. "0 ur functions arefairlylimited right now," she said. "But we hope we will be expanding." a 

PAGE 2

Page 2 The*Florida Alligator Monday, April 1, 1963 Party Workers Get .Awards 'in Defeat' By POLITiCO GARRETT iforatoa wh Presented new Uinonaged Editor C. Farris Norrft, Jr. fOr male-teth boiialPyonored.taining party headquarters. of duty" yesterday. Terry Trestworthy forth -Awards -went to: loyality to the party. Ron Catch-a-Wop for his trips to the printer. Toni Greer for dumping a new. Radel w Hih Priest fbr c in -class of voc abula r y into the campaign. Bill "Where Did They Go"Tricycle for house control. Susan Shady for general control. The ATO's for financial generosity.' Jim Cracker for cutest wrinkles. WATCH FOR THE. Campus Shop & Bookstore GIGANTIC BOOK & RECORD SALE. STARTS WED., APRiL 3 WILLHIMINA CURRY .is a 6-foot, 2-inch greeri-eyedbI o n d e who slumps, I-s acti Y in campus politics and a member of Florida Tarnished Key. The cute little coed lives on N.W. 14th Street with. former student body presi'dent Roberf Park .She says she is *not engaged or going steady and when not at home, she can be found in the P. K. Yonge Library of Florida History Ronnie LaFarce Wins Outer-Fraternity ,Prize Laudits were 'passed out at the thanked the frat boys for trusting Outer-Fraternity Council meeting him. last night. Cross was honored for being the unwavering truth-Ronnie LaFarce, president of the orgutization, Ves presented a gavel and cited for "tuMing the OFC, whichwas a r ather ineffectual tool of the administration, into an effective tool of the administration. William Double Cross, advisor to thj Greeks, pointed to the fine cooperation he has received and 'Oh Buoy, We. Winn A Prizz' T'ie Foriia Alligator picked up another award last week when the Association 60 Da.ly College N !ws papers presented .the UF newspappper with theproff reading award. In acceptting this honor. Davdi Lawrence, Alligattor editor, said that he did not believe it happened. "We have tryed all year to be perfect and at least in one era whe.have suceeded. tie'ed n enefilrin~'ousbook "lbe. ceslinn Mon.") 50 CASH AWARDS A MONTH. ENTER NOW. NW~S. NOW: First, think of an answer. Any answer. Then come up with RULES: The Reuben H. Donnelley Corp. will judge entries son the basis of humor (up to V.n laity and freshnes tup to '/), and appropriateness (ip a nutty, surprising question for it. and you've done a to '/3), and thei decisions wj41 be final. Duplicate prizes will. be awarded "Crazy Question." It's the easy new-way for students to in the event of lies. Entries must be the original works of the entrants and wust be submitted in the entrant's own name. Thpre will be 50 awards make loot. Study the examples below; then do your own. dowry month. October through April. Entries received during each month Send them, with your name, address, college and class, will be considered for that month's awards. Any entry received after 'April 30, 19h3, will not be eligible, and all become the property of The American to GET LUCKY. Box 64F, Mt. Vernon 10. N. Y. Winning Tobacco Ceonpany. Any college student may enter the contest, except ementries will' be awarded .$25.00. Wutning entries'subployees ef'The American Tobacco. Company, its edcertising agencies and Reuben H. Donneliey, and relatives of the said employees. Winners will'be mitted on the inside of a Lucky Strike wrapper will get a notified by mail. Contest tublect to all federal, state, and local regulations. $25.00 bonus. Enter as often as you like. Start right now! THE ANSWER: MAGN ETIC POI.E. '11o ees 5*'o .ue'sg '.iu~cr iMesieM woa; uenr uoa e ill3 noA pInoM 114M :NOt1S3flb 3HI THE ANSWER: PUBLIC SPEAKING o0e914 0 c'Aiun '4*noj -n uelV iuo4dolel S14. JOmsue 311fnl Plemsb seop MOH :NuJ5j53LS 3nb3H THE ANSWER.PHYSICAL ED 'ciun sisui5 ciati4nos 'uudl!)3V4 iceitiw isndwea uo uemt I~sauoi~ 0s l 04M Ot4/ ~ nb3H1L THE ANSWER: Samuel eys Alun uOl3u seM 'J aeg S -ucor issau -!snq s.sa0 uOAJSAa inoqe nW 1os moumj Wes soap mOH ):NOiS3Ab 3H1 THE ANSWER: 4!6bjjea 55 ciun -ca jpeq jeq Atuo Alleaj s OM u qHoop noOP mOH : gjU THE ANSWER: *Saddle: --unossipy JO ^ un -xOeQj! pue p:elq poljeasipj Ile:) noA pgnow jeiqa :NOiS3 losied e inb 3HJi dsp unc Oie I the tasteto startwlth.thtaststo staywith THE QUESTION IS: WHAT IS TEG YKCUL SPELLED BACKWARDS? Any way you look at it, Lucky Strike spells pleasurebig smoking pleasure. The reason: Fine tobacco taste. The result: Luckies are the most popular regular-size cigarette t among college students. So get with your peer group. Get Lucky! A tIV odedof _-X440M is our middle name" Plans mor the future year were outlined Oy newly elected president 'Charlie, (another Delt is on his way) Alloy. Alloy said he would strive witt his other officers to widen the gap between the individual fraternities and the Outer Fraternity Council. "Its not good when the two get too familiar with one another," he said. Top 5 Tunes Are. Varied The top tune all around the nation this week, according to disk Jockey requests and record sales is -"Stop the World, I Want to Get Off," frosThe showoff the same nase. Tune number two is"Everybody Can't be aWinner," ssngbySharon Testy. The number three tune is "Let Me Say This About That," composed and sung by the nation's number one rock-and-roller, J. Fake Kennedy, a member of the presidential elan. Walk Right In,"'an instrumental by the Army R.O .T.C. band, climbed to number four this week, and "You Were My Baby Until I Didn't Get Tapped For Florida Blue Key," slid into the number five spot. Waler Line Breaks -But All Is 'Well A disturbed grbup of students jammed the City of Gainesville swtciord late last night with -complaints afterawatermain broke between the UF and N.W. 5th Avenue, flooding a 20-block area. "We'll send out some men and some mops an see what we can do about it.", This is the latest in a long rine of 'student complaints -concerningoff--ampushousing conditions. In early January astudent called the Dean of women 'to report her roommate had been carried off by a large rat, and had not been seen for almost a week. Although off-campus Housing director Karl Flopp investigated the disappearance and the conditions of off-campus housing, the girl was never found and the rats stayed on. Other studentshlvingonI-campus have complained about noisy faculty members. One student reported his next -door neighbor, a full-piofessor in the college of arts and s cie nce s, pave loud parties almost every night and his guest sang barroom ballads continuously. The professor was placed on President's Probation for the rest of the trimester and reprimanded for keeping students awake. -------------------------------THE -.A.N.S.WE .R-.--.----.-.-.S.-. 

PAGE 3

The Florida Alligator Monday, Apri-l 1, 1963 Pige 3 Easter LALLIGAOR ARE In ExamGCoD,GncD tIn ExaM.O1IIiAs By Brenda Starr Un-Managed Editor J. B ro ward Greenpepper, executive director of the State Board of Control, suggested today that Governor Farris Burnout investigate rescheduling E aster to resolve the Easter-exam conflict. "We .can't -change exams," Greenpepper said, '"Maybe the Governor can do something about rescheduling E aster." Greenpepper,. in a statement to the press, admitted that the. trimester system was instituted in state universities just to "make the student suffer." He saiclthe trimester was chosen over the quarter system so students would have to study during Lent. POLITICAL AFTERTHOUGHTS "It's the best time to study are expressed as one Agitator staffer tells onanyhow," Greeapepper said, "Beother, "I told you the DU's never should have jumped." caWhingeb is lpod to do 1AUFstudents. and faculty had protested the E aster-exam conflict Plea ro we oy Graduales to so avail during the trimester. "We need people to graduate," was the frantic plea issued to the UF student body late last night by UF administrators. "We are urging everyone to participate in graduation exerc i z e s on May 4. Due to the trimester and no requirement for senior participation, it appears that our academic ranks are going to be empty," said UF President J. Wane Gritz. "Our public image will be shattered," he added. As a compensation, each student who participates will have one digit dropped froyn his s t u d e n t number. This will enable ease in filling out forms and progress tests and bring individuality back to campus. Each time astudent1"graduates" another number will be dropped. If a student should lose his entire student number before his education is complete, he is automatically eligible for graduation. "But we cannot take responsibility for problems he encounters in the real world," said Gritz. Governor Burnout is expected to issue a statement on the Easter change later today. Greenpepper also said the trimester was chosen because it will free the faculty sooner in the year to seek part-time employment to enable them to maintain their families at the bare subsistence level to which they are accustomed. "Professors and students can get out in the nice Floridasunshine and work at outdoor jobs for their health and pocket books," Greenpepper said. "Our professors will benefit I.a. from some time away from chalk lightning Hit s T'igert Fri dust spent at useful jobs-ro ad construction for example." A streak of lightning rocked Tigert Hall yesterday at 8 a.m. causing no damage or injuries. University staff members, just arriving, were perplexed as to its origin. Several secretaries fainted and phones were tied up all morning. A high ranking staff member immediately commented, "I don't know why this happened." After a morning-long investigation over coffee, high ranking officials were apparently no closer to a solution. "We don't know why this happened," they said. By this time word had been recieved from all points across campus -the lightning was not seen by anyone else. Officials immediately attributed the incident to the students. "It's some sort of prank," said Will Dou. ecross. "They're always up to something." An observer ridingdownUniversity Ave. at the time of the flash commented hotly, "the lightning came from the sky." Word was recieved from Tallahassee at noon, "We didn't do it." After trying all other alternatives, the administration called a conference of several carefully selectedprofessors. The afternoon discussion produced the following suggestions as to pesssie cause of the unidentified 1*11tening"It was a newsuper-atomic testing weapon," said Poly. Sci. Professor Heidelheimer."Maybe we're a target area." "A sign CC offr decadent society," sad 11itOry Prof. Dr. T.K. Weekley. "It must have been dramatic," said Humanities Prof. Dideot Raiffe. "Maybe it could be used in a future production." A suggestion from Religion Prof. Dr. Felton Rudder brought gales of laughter from assembled academicians. "Perhaps," he said, "its the trimester. You are all aware of final exam scheduling." In other action, the Board called for establishment of a ten million dollar training school for glassbottom boat operators in Ocala, home town of Governor Farris Burnout. "There is a definite need for a school of this caliber, considering the expansion of the boat industry in this state," Greenpepper said. "We hope to encourage government expansion in this fast growing technological field by providing a training ground for the operators right in the state," he continued. The U. S. government has expressed concern over the growing need for glass-bottom boats improvements and better trained operators in recent weeks. In order to close the boat-gap with the U.S.S.R., an estimated 50,000 operators and an additional 20,000 boats of ten-ton capacity must be produced by 1975. "0 ur state should do all it can to aid our country," Greenpepper said. Objections to establishment of the new school were raised by UF president J. Wain Gritz, who said the UF was capable of training personnel needed in the field. "We have three large bodies of water. on the UF campus," Gritz sid. "We can remove the reptiles from the Gator ponds, or we can le a v e .them there for obstacle course experience." He also addedthat Lake Wauburg would be an excellent training site. M La Brec* (Stands to reason that a life insurance policy designed expressly for college men-and sold only to college men-gives you the most benefits for your money when you consider that college men are preferred Insurance risks: Call me and I'll fill you In on THE BENEFACTOR, College Life's famous policy, exclusively for college men.) *J I LABREC ie$ W. University Ave. SUN* 4 G6elmsvlle, Fla. 372-2357 rprserhg THE COLLEGE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA the only Companyselling exclusively to College Men I 41-e for JANTZEN I SWIMWEAR ONE PIECE OR TWO PIECE $14.95 to 25.95 OPEN FRIDAY NIGHT TIl 9 P.M. "OPEN A STUDENT CHARGE" PERSONALITY SHOP 8 EAST UNIVERSITY AVENUE ENTER CONTEST NOWII Movie Actress Lael Jackson Will Have Dinner at a Fraternity House Hollywood starlet Lael Jackson, who will arrive in Gainesville Sunday evening March 31 to promote the world premiere of the motion picture "The Garbage Man" will be guest of honor Tuesday, April 2, at one of the fraternity houses of the University of Florida. MEN, HERE IS ALL IT TAKES TO WIN THIS CONTEST and have this beautiful movie actress as your guest. Simply "dress up" a GARBAGE CAN (any size) in the most unusual way you can think of. Have the garbage can on display in front of your fraternity house between 2:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. Tuesday, April 2. The most original and creatively dressed garbage can will win. Judge of the contest will be motion picture producer Robert B. Steuer. Who Will Have Movie Actress Lael Jackson for Dinner? 

PAGE 4

Page 4 The Florida Alligator Monday, April 1, 1963 impressed Seminole Staff Produces By POLITICO GARRETT Unmanaged Editor The impressed Seminole staff has just completed another year of impressive publication. The staff has published two 't h i n-line' Seminole Magazines, the "smaller but better book," according to Editor W. Qui n Dowing, 1L "We hope to reduce the book ever further in the future," Dowling said impressively. "Someday students will be able to carry the Seminole in their pockets." The new thin-line Seminole is full of pictures of campus activities. "We didn't use the same picture more than once on any page," Dowling said. D o w I i n g promised students would find correct picture identifications in this year's edition. "We put all the names in a hat and picked them out one by Thin-Line one until we found one that fit in the space allotted," Dowling said. "As far as we cantell," Dowling said, "this is the first college in the country to put out a book like this one." "We t h i nk the trend toward smaller books more often will spread all over the nation," he continued. "It could even become a weekly publication." Linda Baskind, impressed, was elected managing editor this trimester after the resignation of last trimester's managing editor, Lee Sharp, unimpressed. "Linda did a real impressive job," said Dowlingm, Southern gentleman. "And besides, she was so impressed." Linda, a junior in the College of Education, has spent three impressive years on the Seminole before her electionto the managing editor's post. She is a pledge to the Little Sisters of the Madras TONIGHT ONLY at 7 p.m. only "The Man Who Never Was S ~~Cl ifton Webb Gloria Grahame ForidaUnion Auditorium HELD OVER THRU TUESDAY! Winner of 2 Academy Award Nominations! Book Underwear. "I owe my whole election to the fact I was so impressed," Linda said. "That's how I made it." Linda's duties this trimester included supervision of the Seminole harem and keeping of the editor's datebook. Betty Jean McNaull, impressed Southern Belle, served as copy chief. Her duties included mutilistion of Seminole copy, especially that written by the Agitator's able staff. She is also pledge to the Little Sisters of the Madras Underwear. Backed op by these two impressed Madras pledges, editor Quinn III has burned the midnight oil-working on the Seminole. "He works so hard," said Betty Jean. "He's so popular, he's so beautiful. I'm so impressed." "They work so well," he said. "And are they impressed!" "I've spent every weekend 'working'," Quinn III said. "I hope sometime in the future to be able to relax." All in all, it has been anexciting time for the editor. "I've enjoyed every minute of it," he said. "And it was so easy to make thIs year." 240MMOU N4 RL 2S U,~an eers lned, lii. 10 Movie i~fumain FR 6-5011 last gigantic 2 nites spectacles open 6:30 starts 7pm FIRST RUN SHOWING 19000 Warriors Clash In Blazing Action!!! #1 in Color at 7 & 11:35 #2 hit in color at 8:45 see the clash of the empires The C Pfntur:ion #3 Jack Palance at 10:10 WARtRIORS FIvE...for UF Library is rare edition of "The Carpetbaggers, examined closely by Director Stanley East and a library assistant. Carpetbaggers Starts Library By BRENDA STARR Unmanagable Editor The UF library received its first book today, after occupying an empty building since 1905. The first book is the original paperbackcopy of "The Carpetbaggers", by Harold Robbins. Libraries Director Stanley East, said, "We have chosen -this book Frals Serve Illegal Drink Se veral fraternities were reprimanded this week for giving parties where iced tea was served in the presence of sorority girls. The fraternities were placed on unsocial probation and told not to drink iced tea anymore. A representative of one of the sororities involved, RebeccaQuin denied involvement and said,''o ur girls just drink lemonade." Another sorority representative said, "We don't ask the boys what they are going to serve, we just come." "We must protect our coeds," said Dean Marine Shady, "These boys can't make lushes out of Florida women." FLORIDAI ACADEMY AWARDS Apcil 8 -ABCLTV because of its high readership on campus." The book was donated to the Library by the Agitator staff. "We all read it and discussed its literary merit for several weeks before we decided to donate our dog-eared copy to the Library" said conceited Agitator Managing Editor Ben Garrett. The plot of the Carpetbaggers is an enthralling history of the motion picture industry, with all the color and spice of Hollywood life in its early days. Dedication ceremonies were held in the stacks this afternoon. Director East and alibrary worker read all night while pasting pages back Lato the book before the ceremony. Speaking at the dedication were Director East, an anonymous member of the Agitator who wore a hood to keep, his identity secret, and UF President J. Wain Gritz. A list of all marked pages in the book will be posted in each reading room of the library. The book will be on 5-minute checkout to enable as many students as possible to have access toithe novel. "Lady Chatterly's Lover" anu "Tropic of Cancer" are the next books the library hopes to acquire. "We hoped to get all three at once," East said, "but the Board of Control and Charley Johns are still reading the only copies of the other two books available in the state." Campus gossip has it that the aQuIsition of the first book received so much publicity in the campus paper because Director East's son, David East, is a high honcho on the staff. Let me say this about that," said David East, "1i ain't no big AN UNUSUAL LOVE STORY/ See ItW aFeatures: Sro 1:20-3:20 The 5:20-7:20 Beginning! J' 9:20 NNW-, as:nn := 

PAGE 5

4 1 'To Kill a Sex Craved Buzzard' Draws Raves from Reviewer By BRUCE KOARSE Movie Reviewer "To Kill A Sex-Craved Stud Buzzard," now playing at the Grate Theater, has been nominated for at least eightacademy awards. Gregory Bite, nominated asbest actor, is the Judas-like Northern lawyer chosen to defend a fine Southern gentlemen accusedof raping a Southern girl. Since the setting is in the North about 35 years ago, things look exceptionally bad for him. But this is not the whole movie, just like"Frigid Wife"'wasn't all about iceboxes. Of equal or greater Importance are hft children, Tim, Lookout and Pickle, who d6 deserve awards for their acting. They portray all the wonder, agony, estacy, amazement, sophistication, magnificance and utter splendor of childhood. This is the second major portion of "Stud Buzzard." The third major portion centers around Peek-a-boo Radley, even though he has one of the smaller parts in the movie. He spends most of his time playing peek-a-boo with Tim, Lookout and Pickle. The fourth major portion centers around the stud buzzard himslef, who was also laminated for an academy award. He is played by The Raven, seen before in "The Tales of Edgar Allen Poe." Mr. Raven plays his part impeccably, gut it is not really vaied or difficult enough to make him look like a winner. The character is more impressive than the characterization. The music s cre got a nomination, and with exception of Ravel's ''B olero," it sounded too often like the usual sterotype music you hear at the typical sterotyped American movie. This is one of the most impressive mellowdramas seen in a long time, but it is still a mellowdrama. The moral of the movie is:''why kill the poor little sex-craved stud buzzard? He didn't do a damn thing." Noise, Parties Send Three To Dean's Office Miss Susan Rosebud, 4ED, was recently evicted from her lovely apartment on fashionable N.W. 4th Avenue in Gainesville. Miss Rosebud, and two roommates, C. Ann Bordello, 4JM, and Bobbie Flash-man, financee of Agitator E ditor-in-the-poolroom Davey Lawrence, 3JM, of Oeneco, were asked to leave their home after they were reported in to the Dean of Women for "noise and parties, parties and noise, and entanglements with the sexes." NO 'I just don't understand," said Miss Rosebud, "if we were having sex it wouldn't be nearly so noisy." Miss Rosebud, who has been distraught ever since a consultation withDeanMarine Shady, has threatened to retailiate against society by attacking a Florida man. Miss Bordello and Miss Flashman have made no such threats yet, but are expected to issue a statement within the next 24 hours. Miss Rosebud, who can't go home again, is now a live-in maid at the home of Noble Political G a r ret t, conceited un-managed editor of the Agitator, and his two roommates, Lawrence, and Steve Vat, huckster in training. John Struckland, 'notorious c amp us politico, last night admitted having been party to a ruc us at the home of Miss Rosebud, which caused her eviction. Struckland, a long-timetroublemaker at the UF, claimed the group in the apartment on the night of Tuesday, Feb. 26, 1963, was playing monopoly. "As I recall," he said, "Susan won." S t r u c k I a n d, accompanied by student body president Paul Bendix, Secretary of Academic Affairs John Old were in Tallahassee last week to see Gov. Farris Burnout. When asked if t h e i r visit concerned M is s Rosebud's eviction, Struckland refused comment. According to a top student government official, action is now being taken to restore Miss Rosebud's domcile to her. No details were available, but it is said that a petition to prove her innocence and good character is being circulated in the Florida Union basement. FOR SALE -Black leather '51 STUDEBAKER. Radio, overSymphonic portable stereo record drive, 20 m.p.g., good mechanical player in good condition. Must condition. Best offer over $75. sell immediately. Call Cynthia at Call FR 2-5283. (G-117-5t-c). FR 2-1675. (A-ll7-3t-cl. FOR SALE 1953 Ford. Radio, TRAILER RENTALS -In town, heater, stick shift, original paint. $3.50 up per day -out of town, Best offer over $1a5. Call Gus$6.50 up per day. F. & M. Trailer Sanchez, FR 2-919C f t e r 6 p.m. Rentals. 524 NW 8th Avenue. FR (G-115-3t-c). 6-3118. (A -117-5t-C). IWEAL HOME for University and 1957 ALL WHITE FORD Medical Center personnel. Lovely CONVERTIBLE. Thunderbird location 5 minutes f r o m automatic -good condition. Must University. Call FR 6-4097. (Asell $450. Wes Patterson, 306 115-5t-c). N. E. 6th Street. Call 4-6 p.m. FOR SALE 39' x 8' Southwestern (G-104-tf-c). mobile home with two room cabana. --Must sell by May 4.See at Sheffield GOING OVERSEAS THS YEAR? Trailer Park. 4700 SW Archer Buy a new car at European prices Road, or call J. H. Seals at FR and save. Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, 6-1162. (A-lll-tf-c). -English Ford or D.K .W. Call 1951 SAFE -WAY TRAILER. Hubert Barlow, FR 2-4251, Crane 30' x 8' with a 10' x 8' cabana. Motor Company. (G-86-40t-c). Fenced -in -yard. $995. See ai Archer Road Village, 3620 SW WANTED TO BUY '50 through '54 Archer Road, or call Joe Wills, Fords and Chevrolets. Al Herndon FR 2-6940. (A-OJ-ts-c). Service Station, 916 SE 4th Street. -F R 2-1308. (G -94-tic), FOR SALE 1956, two bedroom Nashua Trailer. 35' x 8' with 15' FOR SALE -TR -3 sports car. x 9' cabana. Furnished and air 1958 with 1960 engine. Excellent conditioned. Excellent condition. condition. Brand new tires all Call FR 6-1387 after 6:00 p.m. around. Phone FR 6-7641. (G(A-108-tf-c). 114-5t-p). BY OWNER -Very attractive new home five minutes to campus in GOING TO EUROPE? THE S.W. Large wooded lot. Beam CONTINENT? Let us arrange ceilings, cyprus paneling, for delivery of your new Triumph hardwood floors, large center hall, or Fiat anywhere. We take your tiled kitchen and bathrooms. old car in trade here and arrange Designed for Florida living. FR for delivery of your new carthere. 2-0328. (A-lll-16t-c). Use it to tour the continent and MARRIED STUDENTS -Throw off return it to the States with you. your shackles of conformity and Call Ken Bowman FR 2-'4373. move into decent housing. 2 Barkley Motors Inc. Lincolnbedroom-CB home for sale by Mercury -Meteor -Comet student owner. Low down payment T riumph -Fiat. (G-114-13t-c). $66 a month. Added feature -no taxes -outside city limits. FR W62 RED VOLKSWAGO N with sun6-1908 after 5 p.m. All day roof, seat belts, and heater. Looks weekends. (A-113-tf-c). and drives like new. $1595. Call FP 2-2975. (G-116-tf-c). Help antedFor Rent iePWANTED -Wate-rsmusit be 21 or over. Call FR 2-9335 between 12 and 3 p.m. No NICE TWO BEDROOM Furnished exDerience needed. (E-113-tf-c). Apartments for students beginning May first. Will accomodate up to 4 students comfortably. Right near campus. Reduced rates for summer. Call Mrs. Jones at FR GIDDYAP -To Wauberg Riding 6-5636. Occupancy may be had at Stables. 441 1/2 mile North of end of this trimester.(B-112-tf-c). Lake Wauberg. Horseback riding, night rides and hay rides. Call QUIE T ROOMS to rent for students. Micanopy 2471 for reservations Also experienced florist designer and pick-up. (J-113-5t-p). wanted. Colonial Flowers, 826 West University Ave. FR 2-5775. WB11-t-) WANTED TO BUY: Binoctuar microscope meeting all requirements of the College of Medicine. Must be in good to excellent condition. Forward complete information to: K. R. Safko, 4224 Elkcam Blvd. SE, St. Petersburg, Florida.(C-113-5t-c). WILL CARE FOR infants or small children by day or nitht in private home. 1406 NW 5th Avenue, Phone FR 6-8961. (M-65-tf-c). NESTOR'S TV, RADIO, HI FI SERVICE -Tubes checked free. Free estimates. Next to Florida Bookstore Parking Lot. 1627 NW .1st Avenue, Phone FR 2-7326. (M-99-20t-p). LOS in vidinty 09 Pesbody -H" .jj&t brown wfth gloyes in pocket. C&Ul Jim Greever PR 6-22M0. (L-li6X-c). NEW AIR CONDITIONED Apartments for summer for boys or girls. Two room efficiency close to campus. Utilities paid except lights. $115 per month with 4 in apartment. $100 per month with less than four. Also renting for fall trimester to boys only. See at 1518 NW 4th Ave. Call FR 6-4353. (B-113-tif-c). ATTRACTIVE ROOM in quiet home. Private entrance, kitchen .privileges. Excellent for student' who needs to study. 372-7883. (B-116-5t-c). AJR CONDITIO NED apartment for rent. Two bedroom, close to campus, completely furnished. Available for summer trimester. Call FR 2-7575 or FR 6-4819. (B-117-5t-c). R ENTALS -Houses and apartments. Furnished and unfurnished in all sections of Gainesville. Contact Wayne Mason C/o Arnold Realty Co. Two blocks e as t of camps, 1119 West University Avese. FR 2-3i22. (B-1'-ft-c). Paid Political Announcement Advertisement 

PAGE 6

Page 6 The Florida Alligator Monday, April.1, 1963 The Paper's Aim: No Limit honor bike apathy Some Honor Bike Parts are missing. In every little nook and corner, I shall look until we find out who* is responsible. I want our student body to have honor bikes to ride. .We paid forthem. We want them -and I swear to goodness I will find those who are responsible. Citizens hear me out. This has happened to you. Don't you care that you have paid money to be able to ride an honor bike? Don't you care if some students have been irresponsible and lost some honor bike parts? I am being nice to say "lost." By golly, I think they have been stolen. Yes, you read this right. I think they have been stolen--with malice and fore thought. Somebody is making mockery of our program. I demand a straight forward investigating committee to find out where they have gone. Students of this great land grant institution don't you care if you are Missing honor bikes? no one cares Apparently someone in Tallahassee is trying io run our university. We know nobody in the state cares about the university of Florida except us. By us, we mean the Florida Alligator. We are the protectors. We are the ones who will save the University of Florida.% We seek truth, for truth is beauty. Beauty is truth we are both. Who stood up for God. Who stood up for Motherhood. Who stood up for Freedom. Who took a stand on Freedom. Just remember us-we are brave. come back, politicos Several weeks ago, I asked that you politicians stop asking me to go drink coffee. I meant only during election time. I feel that for the betterment of the campus we should make up and drink more coffee. You know the Aggitator backed you in your election Paule, I feel that now that you have won you have forgotten your real friends. I am not begging to drink coffee with the politicians I am only asking. a fight for reiti Academic freedom: it's a lovely word and we're for it. If we fight for it, and we most certainly will, then our professors, the Board of Politically-Run Publications and some of our other really true leaders on campus will say we have the best interests of the university at heart. They may even say that we have a great campus newspaper. It doesn't really matter, though. We will fight for academic freedom: first, becuase it's a lovely word, and second, because we will print all the news with decency limited--or something like that. And there's another reason why we're for academic freedom. It's because we think, nay, know, that the university will be greater if we have academic freedom. Also, because we're for sin and against motherhood, or maybe it's the other way around. We really don't know very much, as you maybe can see, but we do know we're for academic freedom. We think if we say the word often enough, you'll be for it, too. And then we'll have a great university. Oh, and by the way, we're for States Rights and President Reitz-and academic rights, too. The Florida Agitator Editor-in-Pool Hall. .Davey (no-kin) Lawrence) Un-Managed Editors.Brenda S. Awtrey, Political Garrett Money Changer. ..Jay Sprinkler Pass-Out Editor. ..Dave (Whitetrash) East Animal Farm Editor. ..Sandbox Lundy Impressed With the Editor.*. .Thandra Thweitzer Chief Muckracker. ....Judy Stables Sophomoric Editor. ......Ron-Baby Spencer Photo Uncordinator. .Mortified Pittwoman The Florida Alligator is the extremely official paperof the University of Florida and is published by subterfuge in a back room of the Florida Union. Offices are located in a good hiding place and editors can be reached in the poolroom or at ne Pub. 1. 1 Opinions voiced in personal columns on this pagedo not necessarily reflect anybody's opinion at all. Editorials will be exchanged for coffee any old time. Tue Florida Alligator is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida. ~Th 00 L SeC "4OWLAA&5LW1r, ,Tuff T G;ET! LETTERS: Bund Club Member Protest s Dear Editor, work our organization is engaged public functions. Those striking I would like to protest the poor in. brown shirts and hob-nailed boots coverage of the minority foreign In addition to this, our fairare the symbol of pre-destined elements on campus. As the haired blue-eyed brothers are leadership, not only for the pulicity coordinator for the Bund the only menon campus with enough campus, but for the nation. Club, I have time and time again spirit de corps for their organiAs long as narrow-minded -submitted important stories to nation to wear the official club institutions such as yours continue your Daper concerning the great uniform to meetings, classes and to supress minority groups sich Halitosis Big Campus Problem ED ITOR: A recent survey showed that halitosis is a major problem at the UF. According to Prof. Wally Smells, some 77.213 per cent of the UF student body suffers the effects of sweeping halitosis. Smells in a speech he gave before the Florida Society for the Prevention of Smelly Sophomores, said "This University stinks." I personally feel the Bad Breath Crisis on campus is the result of several factors. First, the trimester system. Students have been forced to give up brushing in favor of studying. Also in conjunction with the trimester, the tensions. generated by said trimonster system have forced many students to begin smoking in order to relieve classroom tensions. This contributed heavily to the Halitosis Crisis. However, there is a solution to the problem. Now we have found an area where StudentGovernment (MM) can really prove its worth. It can rise to meet the challenge of bad breath and help wipe out the growing threat of halitosis. Student Government can prove once and for all that it is not a weak-kneed group of key-krazed individuals by solving to the ToLawStudents. EDITOR: I am enrolled in the University of Florida College of Law. I am a kool guy but I am not in Phidily Phidily Fee. I want to be a good lawyer but I am not in Blue Key. I want to make good grades but I can't -borrow her notes. I want to read the Shuffle but they disappear. I want to be a campus politician but my grades are too good. I am from Mayo but I can't talk like Bill. I want t' go to the Bar Convention in Miami but Farris won't let me. I want to go to the Law Student Association meetings during the s u m m e r but the Legislative Council won't let me. (Name and last line withheld) as ours, our country will never siMe above the turmoils of racial prejace and superiority. The time will come when *we shall arise and strike down such problem. b The honor toothbrush is the bureaucratic, despotic institutions answer, as yours. The time will come when all blond-haired, blue-eyed (KA's Prof. M.M. "Pep" Sodent excluded) men of America -will Asst. Dean lead the nation. School of Sewage Otto Dorkenstein. It All Happened Yesterday In Student Gov't Offices HUGH McARTHUR r. .Political Potshots 

PAGE 7

A clash between a 13-pound Gator Raider and four football players has caused trouble in the ranks of Piglet Hall. Ceach Grave Raves-andUF Pr**de J. Wain Gritz meet wit the rn-academic council yesterday to ae If it were possible to abolj the Gator Raiders. "'Those Gator Raiders are a detriment to the image of the Florida man," said Grave, "Something should be done." "They don't even major in physiA Wonderful :Time Was Had KBy All2,500 Yesterday afternoon 2,500 howling,hesteria-crazed Frehmuen decended upon the home of President J. Wayne Grit. Their motive as expressed by Shoun Farrel was to force postponement of finals until after the Easter Holiday. During .the riot, campus policemen donned gas masks and attempted to quell the angry stents with fire houses squirting dyed water and ammonia. Their efforts met with little spccess as the students stormed the house itself and set up a fort from which they hurled Molotov Cocktails at the nearby police. As the fracas progressed, National Guardsmen were called to the scene capturedover 150 students from whom they took over 60 Honor Bike chains, 75 machettes reputed to have used by UF Cuban students during the abortive Bay of Pigs invasion, and some 65 dozen rotten eggs. Said Mrs. Gritz, "They ruined my Petunia." Pre s ident Gritz was not available for comment and VicePresident Henry Fulpot couldn't be coached down from his refuge in. Century Tower long enough for reporters to question him. Att. General Robert Kenny, hearing 9f the disturbance, immediately dispatched 1,000 paratroopers to the UF. Said Kenny, "We can't have such goings on at a school unless they are caused by integration attempts." Luckily. for the freshmen involved, however, the paratroopers missed the Plaza de Americas and landedinBeta Woods, 'where they were held in check by 120 Tri-Dels. Said one soldier, who declined to be identified on the grounds of '"What would my wife say," "Man we should have more campaigns .like this" cal education," he claimed. "If we continue to help support the Gator Raiders, it may came .us to lose football-players. fact one of them (Gaw Raiders) evea spoke back tow of my boys. '"My boys Ire very sensitive, they are .going through a phyicolgical stage and the student body should treatithem with a sene of permissivness." Alumni Pasifiet Bill Flem saM he was in favor of the abolishmea of the Gator Raiders. 1I fell, along with UF Pres. J. Wain Gritz, that the Alumni enjoy seeing the tru6 Florida men, present themselves on weekends. Who cares about gurilla warfare." Flem said. Gritz said that in the course of building afine landgrant institution, it was necessary to sift carefully the different elements. Col. Mudfish Smith, head of the MM reserve unit on campus, voiced strong opposition to the Gritz plan. 'I am an All-America football player and a supporter of theGator Raiders. I feel there might be room for both elements on campus,' Mudfish said. "Not so," said Raves. "I don't feel it is safe to .allpw my boys to walk the campus with 130-pound Gator Raiders on the loose." At this point Gritz saw no alternative other than to make a decision. He felt that one must go. The president of the institution of higher r learning was still deciding how to make a decision at press time. A UF student isin city jail today facing charges of feloneous assult as the result of a midnight brawl that sent an ex-UF-student to the hospital with multiple injuries. Jackie (Lecherous) Horean, editor of the Newer Old Orange Strip, is in critical condition at the J. Hellis Sealth Center with a skull fracture 'and a six-indh knife gash across the abdomen. Charges of "Assult with intent to kill" have been filed against .Marty (Madman) Trusst, editor of the Older New Orange Strip. Trusst was apprehended by city poyce about 5 a.m. today while studying anatomy with an unidentified U F coed at the Millhop. The alleged brawl occured last night about midnight at ''G ayland," a local restruant. Witnesses said Horean wassitting at the counter thinkingdirty thoughts and drinking a glass of ice-tea in celebration of the announcement that the Newer Old Orange Strip had been awarded a Pughlickser Prise for literary achievement. Reports indicate that Trusst, who had been drinking malted-milk all evening, suddenly jumped up from his corner table and called Horean a '"dirty lecherous, grave digging ghoul." Onlookers saidthe two were standing nose-to-nose exchanging snotty remarks when Trusst suddenly smacked Horean across the head with a malted-milk cup and slashed him across the stomach with a steak knife. One witness said "it was the most vicious, unprevoked and dirtiest attack I've ever seen." "Ain't so," Trusst cried from Chechda rCheesema rt Fights fo r Democra-cy By RON "BABY" SPENCER moment. "1Tweren't nothin at tali." hot-footed it to Gainesville, laaI He was referring, of course, to smack in the middle of "De Plaa Sophomoric Editor his heroic action in the Havana de Americanoes." Thsa the name. "It were nothing, really." Raid. In that particular' raid, for .the conter-revolutiouary Those were the wordsof Cheddar C: eesemart, working alope after movement which Cheesemart now Cheesemart, noted Gator. Raider the rest of his company had been leads -"De Plaza de and member. of the .anti-Castro wiped out due to Cheesemart'sAmericanoes" Movement. counter-revolutionary movement, slow reaction time in tossing a Cheesemart, blushing red from when describing the part he played loaded hand gre n ade, singlethe unaccustomed amount of in the successful overthrow of the handedly destroyed 24 Castro publicity he was receiving, adBatista regime in Cuba and the troopers, blew up a munitions mitted modestly to his part in the counter -revolution against Fidel du m p, destroyed a stretch of famous Alpha 69 Varieties Raid Castro. railroad track between Matanzas '"E Pluribus Uranium," continand Havana, assassinated Raul mart disguised as a Polaris ued Cheesemart, lapsing into his "Lil Infidel" Castro and Cha-Cha submarine, swooped down on the Latin -Spanish dialect for a Guevera stole a Russian MIG and Havana harbor.,reakinc unl. Another witness backed up Trusst's claim that Horean started the fight. The Associate Press announced Orange Strip (or is it the Older Newer Old Orange Strip) had been awarded the Pughlickerser Prise for literary excellence in pronography. Trusst's bail has been set at $25. Trial date has not been set. damage on C astro's splendid Cuban Salmon Fleet. In addition to his Cuban escapades, Cheddar, now majoring in religion at the UF after his narrow escape from Castro-land, was a leading figure ihthetraining of anti-Castro (and anti-Kennedy) guerillas in the Blue Ridge Mountains of Virginity. SOLES pot en in i 5. 1HS EW *a n IF wiwis MODER M t"IEPAR 80 U. S. ROUTE 441 SOUTH FR 2-6333 city jail this morning. "Horean started the fight first. He smacked me across the face with his white patent-leather gloves." Trusst also denies charges of dirty fighting. ''I didn't have any choice," the 245-pound Trusst said. "I knew Horean (130-pounds) was a judo expert and I just wanted to protect myself. He coulti've killed me." mdleiversy L ~ MOTEL STUDY in COMFORT and PRIVACY Special Student Rates While You're Here, A 00 Per Person Try Our (Double Occupancy) DELUXE BUFFET Luncheon ..1.26 By Reservation Only Dinner .1.94 Everything Comfort Desires" Dinner ..F1.94 Dinners-Bonquet-SpeCrol Functions I B rawl Hurts Horean; Trust Now In-Jail a 'Raider Smashes Grid Opposition The Florida Alligator Monty, April 1, 1963 SO WELL DRESSED is W. Quinton Dowling, 1ll, last night named UF's Best Dressed by an impartial panel of impressed people. Dowling's .impeccable taste wort him the title over 25 other suave contestants who were, unfortunqtely, not as impressive. First Of Many, Many Parts | M m,11 

PAGE 8

Page 8 The Florida Alligator Monday, April 1, 1963 J. Wayne Mugga, brawny 5-foot, 11-inch, 245-pound gorilla has inked a FloridaGatorfootball TOM IN VAATIMI See Europe'sbest Gulded teens or independeMitilner aries, our expert revel counselors con help get extra pleasure from each vacation day and dollar. We sell sea and air tickets, too, at official rates. .0ANos World Travel Service 808 W. University 376-4641 grant-in-aid scholarship play next fall, The Agitator Saturday night from so reliable sources deep Woods. Muggs, who will gradui Katanga Prsp in Jmse, I to play fullback, the Gator revealed after only three Head Athletic Honc Raves said yesterday, knew it was bound to con SEC sometime. Ilike to thi being a leader in a new In football.Besides, would to try and stop him in a Muggs could not be rea comment. While at Katangag the ap 6,461 touchdowns and ga yards during his eight yea as high school star. Ra that while Muggs could or write, little trout expected fromtheReg Office on entrance requil "'After all, heshouldbe first," University SportsI head Corn Narlson said. When asked if the sir Gators and the Georgia game in Athens. The Gators lost both games. According to a sobbing Worm, The proprietor's mastery in shirtasmanhe had "been forced into the ship is due to the variety of his collar starting lineup due to the lack styles and the excellence of his fabrics of players on the bench. All which are cool and easy-care. but dour members of the team had price from been suspended at the time. I'S SHOP $5.00 According to thedejectedWorm, he disguised himself as Tom Baxley for the game. At the time, Baxley was home In Galneaville inkin a contract to play winter ball with t Boston Celtics. rRADITIONALLY YOURS" Free Parking on st Federal LotsECwou AA 12 a a a a a a I e e Ne e anot pree charges. J. Wayne Grits was maaiabie for comedy. Sign Ape and will might spread to other sports at Board, Raves said, but it was learned the UF, Raves said he doubted it. expected to come under discussion metimes Basketball coach Slow Worm sometime this week. in Beta seid, "As a rule we don't sing "We will probably just give him apes to cage scholarships because his choice of a tree on the Plaza ate from they're usually too short. Besides, Of The Americas," Raves said. s slated most of them are so out of shape University Pres. J. Wain Gritz, sources they can't last through our 18 hour reached last night by tin can telea beers. practices." phone, said, 'If that monkey can ho Grey Housing facilities for Muggs had play football, phoy on rules. I Well, we not been mentioned by the Athletic want to beat Alabama next fall." ne to the nk we're gam enMore Poles -Whiskers ched for The number of light poles in Florida Field will be doubled sometime within the next 80 years gained 19 so the UF students who have to ainre sit behind them will no longer be es said a minority group, the Aggitator not read learned late last night from nble was assistant athletic director Mercy listrar's Whiskers! cements. "We feel this group of students student has been in the minority long Publicity enough," Whiskerssaid. 'We plan Publicity to stretch light poles across the ing of entire students side so everybody Warships "Move that drum, dainmit" can gripe." Plans as revealed last night by Whiskers show the seating capacity -From The Sandbox will be increased to 370,000 by placing stands on top of the gym, the engineering building and Bro'Listen My Peer ward Hall. Everyone sitting on Broward H 1 will have to donate $198 to th athletic fund," Whiskers said. And You Will Hear's By SANDBOX LUNDY Animal Farm Editor Once upon a time there was a big sandbox called "A Big Sandbox." All the university students used to roll around in the sand box until the dogs came. They don't roll around there anymore. LONDO N, Eng. (Somethingextra One day a student got tired of not being able to roll around in the special) -The Thursday Morning sandbox and called the dogcatcher. The dog cAtcher, who was a Lamda Past magazine hit the newsstands Poo, knew how to box and took the dogs away. yesterday with a story exposing A lodal sports editor, who knew judo, beat up the dog catcher and alleged illegal practices of several freed the dogs who once returned to the sandbox. The Lamda Poos c r ticket coaches during last got word their brother, the dog catcher, had been viciously assaulted season's cricket championships. by the 34-pound sports editor and they sent another brother, who Benny Moe director of the knew jujitsu, to mangle the editor. Southern England Conference -That he did, and take our word for, it was horrible. (SEC) told newsmen he couldn't The sports editor, while still suffering from shock in the J. Hellis conceive of such a happening in .Muller Death Center, sent word to his 348-pound sister of the fight. his beloved SEC but thata witch His sister, a yellow-belt champion, went to the fraternity house and hunt would soon get under way. shopped the Poo out of the Lamdas. "We're conduct ing the witch This is how the situation stands to date and I wish all you dumb hunt," said Moe, "not because we bunnies who think you know what happened would come by and tell think it'll accomplish anything, us the real truth becuase we were at Gatorland at the time and missed but it will sure take the noose everything. off my neck." iThe1niversity Men's Warden and head cheerleader, Spank T. The story revolves around an Fradams announced late last night he was placing all individuals alleged phone call between Lord envolved on "hanky-panky probation," which means they can't go to Wallace Buttsly, head coach of the any Gator Hops for a year or go near the Millhopper. Georgetown Bulldogs, and his Justice reigns again. W$14Cmv/ mother Pauline Bryenttee, affectionately known as "Bearsy", who coaches the rival Suffux Crimson Tidleys. "Nonsense," said Lord Buttsley. "Just because my mother's team won 1,0350, that's no reason to put her away." Coach Purged For Playing Ball (FLASH)--It was learned late last night that Florida Athletic Director Grey Raves has purged head Gator basketball coach Slow Worm from the UF coaching ranks after two games of the season incognito as a member of the Gator basketball team. Worm, when asked of the charge by an Alley Gator muckraker, confessed that he had played bth the Georgia Tech game in Atlanta -~ 
