
PAGE 1

AC loln i ator --------. -~ "----~ gWAA .abyrDr.. ""taembtrof olat a*m dt _t AU? ._.,,. u~.I ps a-I prothasor In the ide it/orvllsn t th UI pwa thorgan u MLof Sigm El -0 president o theFlorida m5oclatton n these tains W. at2 hasteo tpesenofth apterr of Sa si flU t Imes" t i6w~t their ftealgaee me TWA KAPPA. Prgram of Series .ho musical program of tU #Ti tate college for Woa'in las Sunday over phbTprograM included X Mtevs hftudents and alumnae ~ ct~~cg. Th proram Was $, eIr G sharp minor-Ra-?fqtaee in F sharp minorIn the Rain-Debussy. A u pianist A U A M I -Sharp, violinist; *'Kona AlderMn, accompanist. iA#4'" IStelia-0Griegg. it Th Walk to Jerusalem-Bach. atre. and -Minuet from ul ialtee,-oehman. a Aead.' Lee, organist. biiATOCO $$ Parade wiuos'. A**i 14k id Ini fouter of a play,! Cooveuticin of Florida Wown's Cubs. At the parade held Wednesday aftiboon, in honor of delegates of the various Woman's Clubs, wh a wre In a convenUon here, 0 desbbe'd and Blade, honorary t*1 54 mti t fraternity announced its 0 ,UI*is lies t zhe pledes, officers of the f.,and Batteries, and d4n bearers were given front 4 ,ceiter. The pedges then reIs"e4 the pledge rbbons and all Wrned to their respective Wft Afterward te Infantry and qub ry Battalions passed in reOw ad were dismissed. list ofpledges Is as follows: D.. Butl, Miami; T, Shave, r 4; J. F. Wilkes, Jackavlle; R. A. Driscoll, West Lba Beach, E. J. Uambert, Mia, Z. X Carter, St. Petersburg; U H ~ewker. St. Petersburg; J. r Gainesville; A. L. werP* Fuinlak Springs; L. L. t. Meyers; E. P. ConA.'.T. Stanwick&Yz jaCksotle; R. LL. Williams t; .Lehman. Miami; J. tAlkeland; T. H. Blowers, Aft; W. M. Whitlock, High itgs; J. D. Peters, Sanford; L. 'Loey, ampa; N. A. Patton, PfA coleA :; W. C. Sherrill, OWa~hni Beach;,J. C. CarabalT pa; 1. .Spencer, GainesMe, said A. P. MeLean, PensaSOPHOMORE CLASS I PLAQUE TO in wriat is considered one of the. moat impressive ceremonies that bas ever taken place on the *capus, the Herbert Fossey Memorial Puacqua was unveiled In the drwn"rs lobby of the library buiding last Wednesday night by the 8 ,pomore class. The cerePony, which was viewed by a Nr mmber of members of the cdm, as well as by the entire chapter of the Alpha Tau Omega jrsity, to which Herbert belonged, was conducted by stu*ats alone in carrying out the jproae tha the Memorial be unVwid exgpluively as representaSoto the ,feeling of the Sopho.weeelamand of the student "opening the meeting, Owen f4 v dent of the class bt-u$tt Outhe purpoe of the adepsethe spirit otbew in erectig the pla,He e pressed a message of t, DeanTolbert and Mr. t r their earnest coopera•n help ng with arrangements AtIalOn of the memorLal fUrther. thanked Mr. '**the usiverdtys heerar*asit m Mo itineore, ha gif a ris to ding In the selec-I GAnqZSVBL FLORXDA BTSN DAY, APRIL 3, 1932. .... No__. -___ NV. 3 APPLICATIONS FOR DEGREES ARE RECEIVED Registrar Receives 292 Applications withStill More Coming In. GraduationJune 4-6 Latest News Flashes Acwdg to report ekeIng In to the Aligtor, 11mw Busk devoted out four hft In four tuat bat during hi st pract e gam as member of the Moshel db. He, q.L Roberts saldSM Ferrai recently waadend from the campus to give las double"Allbaseball a try In Canada. Election day Is Tuesday; voting will take place from I to 5 p. in Interest Is _high and the whole University Is anxious to fee the outcome. Many boys have already Mgt for the spring holidays. Unless announcement Is made to the Contrary, regular double est penalties will be Imposed as usual Saurians Take Pair Games in Series With Oglethorpe University DEAN WILSON T'Iwn W ILFvemmeof Alligators outswain]BullI242 Bachelors' Degrees W.E Fower, member of dogs yesterday afternoon as And 37 Master's Degrees ig Nu fraternity and forthe University of Florida Dmer prominent student in the trouneed the U. of Georgia Applied For. Unverity of Flordawas swimming tee-m by a wre of killed In an alrplane crashIn 61 points, to S&. Applications for 292 degrees oanesvllie yesterday. FowGator LIadel Lawhorn wasTO have been received by the regier also belonged to the Serhigh point man, garnering 10 istrar, and others are still cornpentB, lacehus and took an points by splashing to first ... ing in. Included are 37 applicaactive part in campM affairs. place in the 440 and no yard Delivers Able Address to Robert Brazington, a well races. Friendship Club; Gives tions for masters degrees and known local youth also met Br rLsie4t4sprinting In the Purpose of His 242 for bacalaurees. The reat. Rus@e Mithell, onhome stretch enabled DonP olege. manning 13 are for the two-year other occupant of the ill fatams to eke out a v Ito College. normal diplomas, ship, was valiantly elinging to in a brilliantly swam 0 Applications for the degree life at a late hour Iast night. yard relay. Dean W. U. Wilson, of the ColBachelor of Science in Business lege of Arts and Scences, gave Administrat ion umber39."Next Few rNN I a brilliant address before the on the list is the. group seekingFe e Iun n d Ih ru e W lmmbsofteloiarsmn the Bachelor of Laws award, 8 3 members of the iC olb ida Freshman in number. Only four students Friendship Club March 31. "The have applied for the Juris Doctor Place of the Liberal Art College degree, therrequirementssoftwhich In the Universitv" was the subdegree, the requirement whch rRepject of Dean Wilson's talk. are more strict than for theoof Bachelor of LawsThe College of Arts and Bachelor-fivLasn L Y a e P s Mn Sciences exists primarily to make Tent-ive am the een ffmen to have character, not only Bachelor of Arts in EducationLast Y[ae sI character of right hand. but charanBachelorofArtScin c iongri-acter to stand the gaff," stated and Bachelor of Science in Agri--Dean Wilson. culture. Applicants for Bachelor Only 332 Withdrawals. So Inter-Collegiate Press ConDean Wilson said the College of of Science number 21, and for Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Far This Year With Inmention To Be Held at Arts and Sciences was trying Science in Electrical Engineering, crease Of 170. Tallahassee. to accomplish three things: to 17 each. i develop students who are intellec17 tualy honest; to tre to train men The numbers of applications There have been only 332 withUniversity of Florida will be to be as long as they live intellecfor other baccalaureates are: drawala from the University so well represented at the Florida tuall curious; to train men, who Bachelor of Science .ln Chemicalt o r n Engineering, 9; Graduate in far this year; 68 less withdrawals Inter-Collegiate Press Association are intellectually curious to have Pharmacy, 8; Bachelor of Science than that of last year. There convention to be held in Tallahasthe incentive to follow up a subin Arctatecture, 6; Bachelor of was an increase of 170 in the atusee, beginning April 14 and conJect to its conclusion. see, beginalningdPpsil1du-adenoodyDean Matherly of the College of Arts in Health and Physical Edudent body. tinulng three days. The Florida Commerce and Journalism will cation, 8; Bachelor of Science In By the middle of March 1931, Alligator will be represented by speak at the meeting of the F'. F. Civil Engineering, 6; Bachelor with enrollment at 2,388, a totalACharlb enneet ef byF.Club on April 14. Science In MechanicalEngeer-es E. Bennett, editor-in-chief lug, 6; 'acheor of Science In of 400 students had left the Unlof The Alligator and secretary P O R Pharmacy, 5; Bachelor of Science veraity through vesgnation :orte esAscain:Bl o-F L R-A In Education, 5; Bachelor of dismissal. On the corresponding bert, managing editor of The Alli. Science in Journalism 4; Bachelor of Science in Agriculturaldaetiyarwtheolen gator; Harvey Haeseker, assistant Wl RE A E Edueatton, 2. up to 2,558, there hen been only managing editor, and DeVane WiI. j... a.pplicati0ns nave been 332 withdrawals. llama, assistant managing editor.ISErARED receive for the Master of Dean Tolbert stated, "approxi_P Delta Epsilon, Sigma Delta Cli Science degree; six for Master of mately 25 per cent fewer students and the Fourth Estate Club willD Science; 5 for Master-of Arts in have failed in their studies this also be represented. F R HOLIDAYS Education; three each for Master The Press Association held its of Science in Agriculture and year. The first semester of last last meeting in Miami. It will Mechanical Engineer; two each year the student body average probably be held at either Rollins Houseparties And Dances to for Master of Science in P15arwas 1.006, and for the first College or here in Gainesville next, macy, Master of Science in Ensemester of the current year it year. Center Around Frats; pineerinpr, Chemical Engineer and jumped to 1.00. When you apThe most outstanding journal-, Schedule Given. Civil Engineer; and one for ply that increase to over 2,500 lets of the South will give !-:cturesMaster of Arts in Architecture. students you have bolstered the for the improvement of college The social spot light will be Commencement, class day and general average many honor publications. These lectures and turned on Gainesville this week other graduation exercises are points." the round-table discussions are the where the annual spring dances scheduled for June 4-6. A remarkable improvement in real projects of the gathering. and house parties will draw hunNames of the applicants for schoarship among Florida stuThe association will award a degrees and dilomas will be Pubdents is largely attributed as retrophy to the publication showing, reds of far ladies from Florida lashed in the Alligator at a future sponsibile for the four per cent the highest per cent of improve, and the South as the guests of date. decrease. A large number of ment over the preceding year's fraternity men for the dances withdrawals have been caused by work. The comparison of the teas, dinners and picnics that will CONGREnRSMAN DEPLORES financial difficulties. newspapers will be based on four e COLLEGE LIQUOR QUALITY consecutive editions of each year; I featured from Thursday The Minnesota Daly quotes a Dla Tau Deta Has that a, this year's editions will be Satrday. Mlhian congressman as saying Ucompared with last year's editions Scholastic pursuits will give that he delores the poor quaitv Fet oas to give the paper a rate of way to a whirl of social activities of college liquor. The Daily addsaFuq ers eay Improvement. The rating of the with all th color and brilliance "That a poor cojlege student canannuals will be based on last hat co an ri ne not possibly hope to get the kind Cy Houle Receives Cup for year's edition as compared withI that accompany university uncof stuff they serve to senators at tepeeigya'.tos rmmri tl on Washinton.--Ga. Tech Technioue. Being Outstanding Pledge the preceding year's. itionis. From morning 'tii' mornTThe Florida Alligator, The Semiing throughout the three days a In reply to the question, "Who During Past Year. nole, The Florida Review, and round of festivities ireluding forIs the greatest engineer the world The Florida College Farmer will mal dances, tea dances, pop has ever produced, and why?" Delta Zeta, the local chapter be entered from the University of!dances, dinners, outings, and coswhich was asked in a physics Qulz of Delta Tau Delta, gave Its an Florida. tume balls will hold sway. at Wake Forest College, a freshnual Founders' Day banquet on Spring house parties make up man wrote, "Hoover, because he March 28, at the Hotel George a I P At one of the four dance periods of ditched, drained and damned the Washington in Jacksonville. Y aes Is5Please At the year at the University, and In United States in two years."-Ga "Whitie" Whiteside. president R*E I the minds of undergraduates it In Tech Technique. of Delta Zeta, presided over the Results Of Elecion the most outstanding period. MANY FAMILIES IN IT.S. banquet as toastmaster The InFraternity men on the campus There are in the United 'States vocation was given by Bsop Juhave been busy this week cleaning 29,980,146 families with an averhan. The toastmaster gave an Court Chancellor Sees Fine house and preparing for the comage of 4.1 persons per family. Of address of welcome to the new inFuture For Honor lug of the visitors. this number 40.3 per cent, or 12,-itiates; Dick Banks, Harry Hale: System. The guest lists of the fraterni073.345, have radio sets.-Crimson Cy Houle, Syd Lenfestey, Jack ties having house parties which White. Qstner, and John Knox Rhodes.I Chester Yates expressed his have been released follow: The response was given by Dick feeling of satisfaction with the reAlpha Gamma Rho Banks. sult of tho recent honor system Dot Fagg, Marian Heper, MarDEDICATES i Bishop Frank A. Juhan, Beta election, and is highly pleased garet Gallespie. Beth Smith, MilTheta '08, gave a brief address. with the confidence exhibited by dred Evans, Jacksonville; Helen IDF0S V 'Delta Zeta-1925 to 1932" was the students and with the aid ofI Paterson, Bartow: Artemtsa PTthe topic upon which Dr. George ered by both the members of the Evans. Lorraine Lawless. Helen F. Weber, Delta Zelta '26. saddres honor court and the executive Hoist. Lake Alfred; Miable Wiltion of the memorial site. He alsed those present. H. T. Mann,I council. liams, Gainesville: Mary Linda so expressed the appreciation of Beta Zeta, '90. spoke on "TIhe The election showed that the Collot, Uieen tHartness, Wrlma the class fgr the hearty approval Chapter House--A Home at Colstudent body represented at the IBristol. Charlie Sitton. Mary and support that Dr. Tigert exleg." polls were overwhelmingly in Jones. Tallahasee; Louise Helhibied owad te mvemnt. John Fisher presented the' ao of the changes. n vie of ton, Fnrecs Lundberg, Maxciene The main address of the evn 'pledge cup to Cy H{oule, the most the unpleaat weather condiDoBes. Mare urn, Willis-aen ing was given by Ray Carter, who outstanding pledge during the tions the day of the election, and it on eMre ounWiis was probably Herbert's closest past seaon. Ithe light spirit in which special, -o friend ia the University. "The Alumni and the Chapter" Ielections are received by the stu-* At the close of the address the was the subject chosen by James Idents, very great interest was not A Alpha Tau Onega, ice-president expressed regrets A. Vaughn, Delta Zeta 25. N. H. expected. .Augusta Carer and Dynple 1 1 Robuck of Gainesvile; Virina that none of Herbert's immediate Carroll Zeta '08, 'ilfe-president The honor court chancellor feels Mott. Barbara Harrison, Juliette relatives were able to attend the of Delta Tau Delta gave a short that as soon as the necessary adtMahoney, Mary Gannon Jean ceremony and take part in the address. j'ustments are made cooperation (GilmeAln rmvr uln unveiling. In view of their abMusc for the evening was furwill be complete under the new Roger, aren Orgniaer Lrre senca the placo ue was uncovered nished by the "Orange and Blue" system. IMrutieKeePtiPry by the class officers, Owen Duforchestra of the Hotel George The campus will become accus~rerite Krand, Saaattin ry fy and Bill Carlisle. The inscripWashington. tomxed to a new system of penal. :Daisy Kelly, Sarah Hulsey. fartion on the placque, as herein giv-_ __ __ties, and to a discrimination be~ itha rih. hea Elt.an en was then reviewed, and it was M 3ANAGHI OPEN tween freshmen and upper classWiG ht. anono Thehia Elliott shown how wveU-suited the mer-emen in the exercise of these pen!Gardner Ethel Partridge, Marorial was to the noble life of~ The Student A t h 1 e t i c Council arties. Yates appeals to the stu,., h fh r,, ... Herbert Fosse. announces the approaching elecdents again, as he did before the Nancy Lee Bacon of Jacksonville: In Memory of tion of the following manager for election, to the fact that they Doris Trawick, Cecil Hicks, and erbert H. Fossy theresnmust understand the position they Catherine Miller, of Tallahassee; President of the Classof34 the present aon due to the hold and be responsibility they'Mabel Parker, LettyStonebreaker Sophomore Year resignation from school of the rame,. esWpecially in their apand Elizabeth Hickman of AreaAdmired and Respected by All iduly elected manager: proval of these changes that have dia: HIlmer Whitlock and Carolyn Who Knew Him. He Counted Varsity swimming. been made. Holt of High Snrings: Rose Hurt, Not an Enemy Among Application must be turned ;n "By the end of the year." Yates Safo.i SJanette HilluBartow; Us;to Miss Adelaide Yon at the athsays. "it is desired that a workAtkinson, St. Augustine: Lu-! Erected by His Classmates letic office, new gym, on or before able nucleous of students will be1ce The ceremony then came to a; Monday. thoroughly in sympathy with the lle ti.dSavaonah,AGa;Maae Hort close with a prayer by Ben MeDoN FORSYTH, detailed responsibties of our!a Margaret Horon, ginnis. Secretary Athletic Coun.il. honor system." (Continues On Page Three) Give Gators Lead In Dixie Loop; League Games of Season To Be Played At Home. Only By AL DELEGaLU (Cmngiu from iwhind in the eighth Inning to *core three rum and drive Pitcher Dixon from the mound, Coach Brady Cowell's varsity baseball team whipped the Oglethorpe Petrals 6 to 4',on Fleming Field yesterday afternoon. Al Rogero went the route on the mound for the patorm and lhnited the Georgians to eight bingles. By winning yesterday's game, Seminole Announces Selections By Sarg For Beauty Section Portraits of Ten Fair Young Women to Grace Pages Of Annual. Kirton announces Seminole beauties. The young ladies' names appear in the order selected by Tony Sarg, famous artist and illustrator for the Saturday Evening Post; the nam'is of the contributors of the pictures are also being given. 1. Grace Franklin of Orlando-Bill Dial. 2. Fay Sumner of Tampa-Bennett DeLoach. 3. Bud Greer of Lake CityCharles Andrews. 4. Susan Alice Taylor, from state of Alabama--Clarion Logan. 5. Elinor Estes of OrlandoRaulerson. 6. Elteen Giddens of LakelandBobby Barnes. 7. Ross Rus'seU, now attending Randolph-Macon-F r a n c i s Andrews. 8. Nancy Lykes of TampaJimmy Knott. The artist, Tony Sarg, states that he had a very difficult task in making his selections as all the girls were very attractive. All students who turned in pictures for the beauty section may secure them now. Work on the Seminole has progressed very rapidly this year. The annual will probably be out around the fifteenth of May. Everything has been sent off to the printer, with the exception of track and baseball stories. Joe Kirton has just received from th2 printer the first twenty-five pages of the yearbook. The approximate cost of this year's annual is estimated below: Engraving.............. Printing............... Salaries.............. A rt .................... E'ectrotypes........ Photography............ Incidentals .......... $3850 7,000 650 400 200 350 75! Total .................. $12,52) The theme for this year's volume is Shakespeare's "Tempest." A color scheme of salmon, red and black is being used. The colors of the cover are brown, yellow and black. A different style of engraving is being used this year, which makes each page stand out. One of the main attractions of the book is the very unique way In which features are being presented. An. other feature of this year's edition is the large number of color plates. The book will contain 7,000 pictures. Seven tons of paper are being used in the printing. The book will contain 368 pages, which is 28 more pages than the annual last ycpr contained. Thes extra pages are devoted to student government and added features, with fifteen pages of snapshots. There are seven campus scenes in colors in the first section. These include the Law building, Language Hall. the cafeteria, the east gates of the campus, the rose gar-. dens south of the auditortum,the clay road to the Experiment Station, and moonlight on a nearby lake. The Record Company is printing the yearbook., MURPHREE TO PLAY A procrarn of music appropriate to the Easter-seson will be given by Claude Murphree, university organist, asisited by 'George Hack, baritone, at the Auditorium Sunday, beginning at 4 p. m. Students and faculty are cordially invited to hear this pro-ram, which follows: Paean of Easter ... C. F. Mueller Adoration........ Mauro-Cottone Intermezzo..........Dickinson When Evening Shadows Gather ...............1toughton Easter Morning .... Baumgartner Song "A New Heaven and New Earth'......... A. .Gaul Mr. Hack Christ Triumphant....Pietro Yon Prelude to "The Blessed Damozel". ..Debussy The Cuckee..........Arencky A Dream-Mood .... Foster-Nevin Easter Morning on Mt. Rubidoux ............H. EL Gaul the Cators obtained a clean sweep in the two-game series with thc Petrals in the first Dixie Lcague contests of the season for botli team. In Friday's game, Big Ben Clemons let the Petrais down with seven hits while his teammates, led by the war clubs of Moore and Pittman were poundig out a 6-2 win. Big Ed Sauls led the Gators at bat yesterday by polling out a three-base blow and a single in two official trips to the plat4. He was issued bases on balls twice. Whatley, Anderson and George of the Petrals were credited with two safe blowp each. The Gators took an early lead I nthe first inning when, after two were down, Bob Pittman blasted a terrific drive to the right field fence for three bases and sent Eddie Moore scurrying across the plate. Rogero hold the Petrals hitless for the first three frames, but Watley's single, a sacrifice blow by Moore and George's hit over shortstop secured the first run for the Georgians In the fourth inning. Two more ePtrat runs crossed the plate when Pittman erred and Anderson rapped sharply over shortstop. Florida came back to score one run in the fourth when Pittman singled and rode home on Ed Saul's three-base smash to left fled. 'Ogletboroe came back with a run in the eighth, but a threat. ened rally was cut short when Bradley's Perfect throw to the mate cut off Va's attempt to score with two Men out. With the base loaded in the eighth and the Gators trailing S-4, Bill Bradley lipped a single through thirdMbe and Guluzian and Mizell scored. Danny Clary lifted a high fly to centsfield, scoring Plttman for the last eater tally of the azlrnoon. Rogero calmly retired the Georgians order in their halt of the ninth. SIGMA LAMBDA TAUS WIN IN IBy HANDBALL VIE Virtue of Wi, S. L. T's Take Frat Lead in intra-rnurals. Scrapping their way to triumphs in both singles and doubles of the University of Florida intramural handball tournament, in the tourney finals which were held on Thursday afternoon, March 24, the Sigma Lambda Tan fraternity lads pressed to the top of the standings in ths competitions for the 1932 tntromural championship among the 25 Greek-letter societies. George L. Monterlo, St. Petersburg, trounced Fred Hamilton, Charles ton, S. C, to clinch the angles title for Sigma Lambda Tau. The doubles combination composed of Byron King, Eustis, and Ernie Schirmer, Crystal River, won easily from Bigma Phi EpelIon to capture the doubles crown. With a grand point total of 843.4, Sigma Lambda Tau Is considered as likely victor of this year's intramural program. The L 0. Balfour trophy will be awarded for the first time this year, and only two more events remain on the Intramural sports schedule, water basketball and track. Winning of the singles and doubles in the hadball tournameat gave the Sigma Lambda TaU boys thsir third intramural title during the 1932 campaign, the tenni" and horseshoe tournaments having been won earlier in the JEAN HARLOW NAMED POPULAR )LLVGZ GIRL Although she is ot a studet at the University of Southern Canfornia. Jean Harlow, screen star, was elected "%ost popular girl in colge" and presIWent of the class by the juniors there. "Must be worm weather," decided the startled 'lctou commissIoners on finding the results of the election.-Coiorado Oroftigr. w' TUESDAY IS THE DAY LET'S ALL GO OUT AND VOTE I I I A 

PAGE 2

'ial*ur1".Ual department here, was aiso fired mwrMemorial Speech iTr In 1930 three men were.fired. "Red"11 ..........NG.Ra*ls was fired from his job in the equipment n BY RAY CARTER he In the olden days there was a prevalent -0 H o l ach a rena was f og Idea that age was a prerequisite to greatness. w -" .later taken back. Jmmyoyd was fired We have seen, as in the life of Herbert Fossey Pi*W6 D.PARTMETr this year under strange circumstances. lie that a youth can sometimes gain, that recogni7 1-1141 o r-Athletic Director and of unquestioned tion. So it is that I feel free to quote Long. | T • • ability and integrity. When he left no less0fellow: ..."Lives of great. men all remind us, I "DEPARTMENTthan three men were hired to attempt to lii L [TY EPARMEIN" # We can live our lives s ublime, L"W ".. WIIm. the place that he alone had filled. -0. Masse, Joist Atist~y In 1991 three men were fired. Caltin And departing, leave behind us 314AN OV. EPAMTIV Footprints on the sands of time." 4ar Met*~ Ila successor 't* -Rawls in the equipment Arainpescehgefomuad • ..u~~~~e -f was fired. Dale Van Sycktc, Florida's rdntpeeeha gefomuan ; we are gather(d here whail, it is still in the AIstIaZ CPARTMEWW firstt and only all-American grid star was gloaming LU pay homage and tribute to his .. .: ......Wey Jao ellilhated ffm the coaching staff. John( 9:=_ -----Imemory. ~#P O5A3MENR I tht we hae evern achevd was iredh A asa aqaitnciigtnee hv ss PkftAA LI bo the boxing coah who broug i da To those of you who knew Herbert Inti. ...e tHaf* [thq only Souther ( aenc champions matqly what I have to say Is insignificant. I A MN that we ha ve ever achieved, was fired., qy ha aetosyi nsgiiat -dnSono Osd alit A casual acquaintance might never have sus. I ofiti .Boxing was made a major sport in honor --4o wa e moAlratirn pected that underneath his quiet, unassuming ,. .! Patewi to the team. The coach was fired. Furtherpersonality lay the man we knew him to be. .Le1sty. Bustep Cteve mor6 the facts surrounding Piombo and others His friends regarded him not alone with RI Sthis year were by far the most strange that warmest affection, but with respect and ad,'ei AW111*we have ever heard of outside of Chicago. miration. ______ To quote from an alumnus contributor to Into the latter part -of his short life were .W -~n ,nthe Tampa Tribune of a recent date, "The1 crowded a series of events which not only WO,0 Chas, -A.,i*0DrSant 0, liobtrt $t 6. hingthatbother me is which Is slated to t~,~0 IteUrn,thgh trm wc se marked him fs a leader among men, but also t *terohilt poke his head under the Gator guillotine next personified his fighting spirit, his determinat, uintt Marshy, P.01 ,NStand tmuel D 8 k, nt I"al woik o Dek, PallKi. MT WI t'RA W. Ytherntos,.Frank Wtfrsth. -l44h Higgins whose track teams have met tion and his ambition to succeed. He was With unusual success in recent years, or' elected president of his class and chosen capBrady Cowell, the best little freshman coach tain of the football team his senior year In in the South? Their heads are the only ones i high school. Later in the same year, the of the old Gator gang that have thus far Csspectators of the 1929 state high school track cAped the lopping." meet will never forget the finish of the gruelP'. S STAFF' enthe press has already carried the storyhg mile race, when this sixteen year old, sA. teIly, ote KWt. aeotdbyfuh =Oy oater a, R. M. of the readjustment In the Athletic Depart-'barefooted boy fought from behind to win meat that takes Higgins from his position of from the defending champion. O STAFFa tat varsity football coach and also frm Still later, with only forty dollars in his It A. Lewvla. Philln J. B~man. assatvriyfobl oc n lofo :t Lewli Phan A.1e. Sw-omn, 0 njupocket and a determination to get a college 00. IEVa*, 4istyl Alfoid. his outing work which has brought him-1 i --___---education, he entered the University of lFlor. ULAT1*4 MANAGER the reputation of being the best scout in the edctoh nee h nvriyo ir O ho r. IIda. Against the advice of his dean and the At. caution of upper classmen, that It was almost ,Ii'.1a The Alligator maintains that the current -......r .... ... BillCarverumors about the Athletic Department are doimpossible to complete the first year without I. Obt A. %e a N. S .P' A. NewN the University a great deal of harm. We aid, he went ahead and did complete his know the fvcts and we have heard the rum-freshman year unassisted, He was a member tepad stes t the P ooe e. knw tatseanwiveheardplanationof the freshman track squad and maintained #'lrld, rs0%rtheAt of ors.. What we want flow is the explanation,. eloe ""aeae The thltic epatmen islargly tu-well over a "E" average. The Athletic Department Ishlargely stuDespite the fact that it was necessary Woat hed by the dent financed and hence the students have afor him to spend most of his extra time work-at a rubscriptlon rght to krow its workings. The department ing, he became so well known and so highly I [has encouraged scandal in the past by making I esteemed by his classmates that he was W A~ indirect taxation, treated elsewhere on this chosen, as you all know, to lead them during PT WITI 'w Oft FOR]DA page, as well as by the above-mentioned distheir sophomore year. 0001 ad&%" tokg. Imissals. They have also remained rather He had a strong sense of fair play and r e0OWs or t theno of close-lipped is to all of their business. We sportsmanship; he was extremely clean mindp k g.d.aVj9tm,JIs. do not blame them for not letting every ined; he was devoutly religious. Remembering OW t W WL e Of qusta student or other know all of their Christ's Sermon on the Mount, we know that business matters. Such a procedure would he let his light so shine before men that they not berto the best advantage of the depart, have seen his good works, and that his deeds Of A *tr 1A&UWl Tlwmnt or to the students. -do glorify our Father which is in Heaven. t s tog". Th rfedy we suggest Is that the StnIn a day when our interests are varied [dent Athletic e madi be required to make a and there are many distractions to the averupo of theof L06 tl hone' mron#My report to the president of the stu-] age mind, it is much when a man has so lived Sifsl br u" I p -dent bod abont, the concerns of the departIthat his ,comrades should pause and erect a SG k U t t. fat eases of necessity a speal report permanent monument that posterity might t tf the blp "cod be Mde. The student Athletic CouncilI know there lived a man faithful to an ideal Psif Of L all ft"iw 01 O s ftg I sho be required to investigate all matera to the end, faithful to the ideal of young man!*InA c s 'Pt0 rmwo financial or otherwise, presented ,*Ihood. id I" them by any student or Interested party or I believe eael of us have, in our own I st i y ISiM y t'0f oterwise coming to theli attention. The deminds meditated a memorial to his memory, portiaent should be required to answer them but as far as I know, this Is the first time ."o rO 001 ft to uPin 'fuly. Ibis procedue would stop all gossip that Florida men have constructed a physical PPO In 4 hi -and would provide more sensible means of intrite to a fellow student. In the years to vslgjation than letting' very self appointed corme-we know that when college men hesitate t.l 51t3~1msy-bod poke hi b o into the A'hletle Dea moment and read this inscription, they will oh.U eO t fp "tl door. Ift th e g p on tMe campus realize that one life guided by faith and courS Li of t l topped little of itoud otr throuhage was not lived in vain. Pith stat. IF 5UCR A I M AS WE It was his true heart, his clear vision and Sthe stuldent ust6"4%M P 2 0 M D-"I his zealous ambition that carried him ever I A----w s9"1 tepM 1Q011-M 10%% 7tCW, acth a t "to sto ktr of hefisauttos All$ -uduseie b P~SIaud MV06sk_ hm st oftesbisso • Wh S an Aexaation from the Athloot *a; mqnb mfmR end Coach CharMle ibbSchh VDlfsctoe'N)s Jones, and from the Ohrffieda of the -d epatmet. We wont knW *Wt 4I. at the bottom of the rulorg iStabout the Department. we went to Sthe t lbIerta: fatts, whh are -awn anwidly questioned. -mat iiteomews f thelatest up""0a"tll .*tf -sitfe ae fousi, attention ft thK pecuiar situation, The comment is dO n our so* harm and we d mtat tas in "sumnto stop the commdto. Wein t at the conduito s re*alt a setlo o0e0 Ste,,p souldbe takes about the present 0edtk ad some remedy should be fouM whic uld*mum us of future security from twos aveift gossP. Wowill tell here a brie histay of t D4prtment *am the time that the wrte f t the captus four years ago. 1.0 w a Yar of readjustment in the Athltic Depatment It was he year that MlwI ahUWAn former Kansas Ax~e and Nortbwestern coach came to Florida on a five year contat This year was the year that the Wite:me to the campus, and the events subsequent to ts year are the oneo with whic ht edorM deals and about whhtb te TAIeu M 4 ft Anterered.YO m Josew ft # *00 frsthe office Joe Eadwak, -fzara .AV-AAtsul~aastar &ad natioUNly sut-, ebe"0.na oh wa. fired. lieo nw at dW t yo( PARTMENT WOULD TND TWICE ME1,)E t FI4RED OR DWMOTED ANOTIIFR MAN FOR O OVIOMtSLY WELL-OUNDED REASON. INDIUET TAXATION Depresson has Made Idle minds and empt3y piebooks The Cmbination has produced of late much "gosip. We hereby most Ja4eirtlly condemnUtasep institutions and perSwho, b y"polNg indirect taxes on the students, have pib !ced or kept alive this idle We pay a "locker" fee of $1.50 which goes to keep up the swimming pool. We pay lter U'y society fees that are dispensed almost entirely for things not originally or logically intended. We hear of tennis appropriations abd Other athletic appropriations which are so far In advance of what we know is in -fact used for these things that we begin to wonder We pay these fees and we are naturally interested in the expenditures. When we know that they are eleesive for the things designated we rebel at the tax. In our opinion **,haVe a just right to do so. If we want a literarymagazine, more intr*.murals, or other things let the taxes be specifically laid for these things It may be all right to spend taxes for these causes, but It is not just that the students should be told one thing about the expenditures and know that another thing i trite. It Is not right and itis thesource of luch gossip. City of Gaueville, why not a little more ligtt on 1UTivetwty Avenue? The campus has taken up street lighting In a big way. Why not put up a modem and adequate lighting Vytem c a the AveMue? 0 "Thi pub teoMMi itself and the PlodaANgor a the two foremost liberal student in the Su, If t In the aUtM 0o00egate publasift d".-le Daily Tur-eel. Our doie t sympathies are extended to fe Mf i t pdreAtves ofWMilea=Fowler* fesmerSIOstudntof t"e uaftehlft, ho was F fsalyIlrbinjuoin an S airpaecdent Vaster0 WLILU, U. IIU UI. U LUU. U Ioure D.IILtL rupted in his youth, we can only imagine the heights to which he might have arisen. In the words of Robert 0. Ingersol, "While yet in love with life, and raptured with the world, he passed to silence and pathetic dust. .... Speech cannot contain our love. There was-there is-no gentler, stronger, manlier man." .THE FORUM The Florida Review appeared for the first time this year, seeking to fulfill a long-felt need for a literary magazine on the campus. There is very little at the University to encourage anything except vocational and technical interests. More is necessary, if a real Influence on state and national life is to be expected. There should be more encouragement for literature and the arts. There are various agencies struggling at the present time to meet these needs. Among them are, besides the Review, Speculative Society, the Poetry Society, and the Florida Players. AU of these organizations reach a comparatively small number and have a rather difficult time in meeting the purpose for which they were founded. Rollins College has achieved national prominence because of Its emphasis upon the literary activities of its students. There is no reason why Florida cannot do likewiseno reason why it should not do better. If the State, the University, the student body, the alumni, and the literary societies would contribute to a general fund for this purpose, It would be a worthy and a valuable gift, and would bring credit to those who supported it. The editors of the Florida Review take this means of making public their 4mggestion. They are sure that the literary sde of college life needs much more emphass than has been given to it, and they feel that there Is enough talent here at the University to make any such endowment pay for Itself many times over in added glories to the school and the state. They hope %hat thea I ministration, the student body, and the Alumni Association will consider ts matter carefully, and they will cOntmtme to sowthir tntereot in the progress O the Mwsty Ot Vlortlda. Udtorbcbet, By HARVEY HAESEKER Monday and Tue.day"Business a n d Pleasure"Will Rogers, and that mean% it Is good. Wednesday -"Are You LAstening" -Depicts backstage of radio world. Thursday and Friday '"isorderiy ('onduet"-Eilers Tracy and Brendel. Saturday-"Charle Chan's Chance"Another of the murder mysteries with Warner Oland. Will Rogers, America's great humorist Is back with another that should fill many columns with "stars." This time it Is "Business and Pleasure." Playing with Will In his latest are: Jetta oudal, Joel McCrea, Dorothy Peterson, Peggy Ross, Cvril Ring. Jed Proutv, and Boris Karloff. The story is based on the comedy "The Plutocrat" by Arthur Goodrich, which in turn was based upon the novel of the same name by Booth Tarkington. In "Business and Pleasure" Rogers is a rajah of laughter. He plays the part of a sharp-dealing blade from the States wrapped up in the razor business ...til he disovers the pleasure of raisingthatsit. In this one the corn-fed kidder of Claremore becomes a cut-up of Damascus ..insults a sultan and intrigues a siren! As an Arab. Will matches wits and wisecracks with shieks and sirens. That should be enough for we admit prejudice. Will Rogers has spiked the rumor that he is a product of Eton and Oxford after It began to appear that it was getting widesnread credence. He claims to have attended only two small American schools, both in Missouri. and one of them a military academy. Rogers credits Brisbane, editor and writer, with starting the report of his hiqler education. To ouote from the periodicals: "Arthur and I kid each other back and forth in our colunns." Will said recently. "He thought It would be a great joke to tell the folks that I. who never have been In a university except as a guest, was a 'product of one of the world's most famous universities. I thought it a good Joke. too. and helped it along by saving that a man oueht to be allowed to live down his past. Continuing. "I'll have to trot mt mv favorite gag on Arthur' He's the world's greatest booster for aviation, but he's never had a foot off h ground. You can't coAx him into a plane. That many s nersons took Brisbane's little Joke on Rogers seriouslv is indicated by the number of letters the comedian received. Many said they had known all the time that Rogers was an Englishman, and that the cowboy back"'ound he claimed was just publicity. V "Are You Listening" is somegthing on a rather new subject for the cinima world. Not that similar pictures haven't been produced. but rather this line is o,,p that hasn't been ad overdone. William Raines. Made Evans, Anita Page. Karen Morley, Nell Hamilton, Wallace Ford. Jean Hershold, Joan Marsh and John Millan comprise the large and well balance1 east. This one on the radio game should offer some interesting sidelights on the industry. Spencer Trace, best known for his farce in "Skv Devils," is playing this time with Sally Ellers in "1Tsorderly Conduct," Tracy plays the part of a cop In his usual proficient manner. In his seven productions for Fox he has been called upon to drivemany different "means of conveyances" In six of them. These "means" have includod a ten-ton truck, a tramp steamer. a large bombing plane. a large touring car, and a locomotive. This time it is a motorcycle. Of course he has doubled in manV of them and most of these jobs are in his line. The story has to do with the usual, or rather general, corrup. tion in any larre city. A powerful politician almost "busts" him for not falling In line, and then What doe' he do but arrest thel rower's daughter. You know the line anyway"Charlie Chan's Chance," playtug on Saturday, ?Ids Warner Gland as Charlie Chan the sleep. but master Chinese detective. It is taken from one of the novels 'by EArl Derr, BigVers. Of course It Is a murder mystery and concerns the activities of various and sundry detectives in solving the crime. An Easter cantata, "Bethany,, by W. hlys-Herbert, will be given at the First Baptist church of Gainesville by the chorus choir, under the direction of Claude Murphree, organist and director. Sunday evening. April &, at 7:30 p. m. University students are given a hearty invitation to attend. IXTRA-MURALS GET CAMPUS 8PACI Permission to use a portion of campUs ground east of Language "Hall and east and south of the Law College for intramural spo#s was grantod lat week by Dr. John J. Tigert, dentt of the Uni. versity, It has been learned tf Sewyn C. Ives, president o-I stUdent body. THE ALLIGATOR INTELLIGENT PLANS ACCEPTED SCRAPBOOK FOR BEAUTIFYING SMO! By ZONA GALE At l-st a p lan hI. ben workand that. at' hart You live at a time w-en 0t (,() out for :;ataty.lg re L'ii it Unver,i...... .......,,KY world isowaiting.,,ity of Floridas yesore. ,the Of course the' Oko, i ) tack, In fa(t, there are smokeness (o(nitiIti Once. the world was s;t~tled in-liii', phlos in vie ,,w which will sflnete a t. This its habit of settling .ocial difft -"ant lv hen invAoiw whicney'. t econOmicd a ;th e ences by imean .of pli I wouldonly i.iave to wounds and blood hed. L'te I' ist uan is to plant trees ol o n ha er there w ere tho e w ho taliked o f i iu., vi n iitv of the stack, therel or removing the housess Of war. N,v conrealig it from view. This nace, oi : om(.tiing we know that cause.for -i rr g."ood plan. and is within it.ut while weaI 4 difference may arise in farnili, rhA inancial field of the Univerin business, on the playgr i:'d N-. Since Florida has no trees planning, a goo i dea u and among the nations But w .w 1e r than the stately pine. it take the stack down know also that to deliberately wold be rather novel to have a underground stack to, deal out death in order to effecsall forest of California scve lent point where; a settlement is as absurb for na1o.1se on our own campus, in from old rofher erthO t io n s as it w ould be for a f ch0Iol a bo ut tw en ty -fiv e y ears o r so, o dthe au dit riu m boardwmeeting. vith nary a smokestack in sight. of the auditorium. Life is a process in which rea AIn think of the picnics the stuson, good nature, and humane Oent could have in the shade of 'NPIJTS To* practices constitute the bai;frule. these ma,rmoth trees. Vhen we are unreasonable, desrPainting the stack and planting Although there has tructive, or cruel, we are not revines around it Is included in the ed an instrumenthunr gardng the rule, we are not lay-. cond sketch. The stack can be time into one hundred Ing the game. In the use of oipainted with red and white a second, we have nott onous gas, air-bombing, of the I stripes. Think of the crowds that we ever, acquire th blockade, war now uses mean would be at.trarted to the Univermeasure time accurate* so oposed to the rule, so unsportssity to see the largest barber pole ing to Professor E. manlike, that no business could: in captivity, decorated with green Yale University astromo emnlov the like. vines and dotted with a variety there are many causel Thirteen years ago the world Ofl bOssomt. The only objection and terrestial, he I knew little of its lesson. By 13 to the idea is to find vines that act as thieves of time, years from now, the boys and th' wuld --row to the top of the stack is one.---Colorado Oreft girls of today will be men and, women, putting this lesson into C"ONSTIITUTIONAL AMENDMEq' Practice. And the lesson is thef C war is the last refue of social in-: competence, and "the sum of all -We, a committee appointed to investigate the relations villanles." between the Athletic Department and Student Body and | George Washington wasI s t h Dan n I general in the Revolutionary Warties of the Athletic Department, have made an investigate* but this is what he said: mit the following recommendations to the Executive Coun "My first wish i to' see the 1. That Article X, Section 4, Sub-section (a) of the (3 whole world in peace and the inOf the Student Body of the University of Florida be habitants as one band. strivin oer famet* who should contribute most to the: as follows: hanviness of mankind." 1 $10.75 per student for the school year 1932-1933 and Reason and wisdom can ask 1 tiud f, oeachschool th" r 'ftr shall he ivnti., e+. I more. but they should ask There is no greater cor wisdom for the nations t outlawry of war. Peac, imnoqsible in your llfet n erythlng is a thought fir people are met together ( I for their worldwork. !. must cease to interrimt. an exercise in the impr of human relationship. ALUMNI DRIV REPORTS N PUBLISHED Success Seems Assum Drive Nears Completion. Lack of report make i sible for the Alumni Asto give any publicity ei their membership drive w ed March 31. However, I Wright. executive secretary c no esle ti Council, provided that on the payment of this fund tJ* than the Department shall issue to each and every student of the U" e is not book of tickets which shall entitle the holder thereof to Ad -e. Evwithout any additional charge, to any athletic event in tb#t ot. The Florida paricipated in by representatives of the University"' in-i earth r-4 idh wNvr including varsity, freshman, or other representative. WhOO Life is any time the Athletic Association shall charge the studs • movement University of Florida for any game in which representativO Univer-sity of Florida participate within the State of FlorldSa S :r-:-ociatin hall refund to each and every student the aM bv him as admission to said game; if said association shcem tie refuse to refund said amount, the above provision app" O 10'75 per student for the school year 1932-1933 and $10"Wj dent for each school year thereafter ta said Athletic Couwdlj' come null and void, of no force and eff ct, and all students that date on be relieved from payment of said amount of 2I YEI student for the school year 1932-1933 and $10.00 pet student:! school year thereafter and the fees of the Student Body duced by the subtraction therefrom of $10.75 for the school yo red As 1933 and $1000 for each school year thereafter. 2. That Article X, Section 4, of the Constitution of the Body of the University of Florida be amended by the addo Sub-section designated (m) and reading as follows: t inm~ot$1.25 shall be devoted to intra-mural athletics for U! sociation ncern ns year 1932.193? and $2.00 for each school year thereafter. A4 Aich erd. priations from this fund shall be administered by the Athle Frank S iation, but also subject to the approval of the Student AthIs .... "'.. .. LU ZCU1 LuUen1 ntAecutive Council. In no case shall I assoeilon, said that the entireI M asciaaion, aoid g that te ne '$2500) two thousand five hundred dollars per year be aftW campaign I., coming on line in Ii that a complete summary w.-illL-,:from this fund for the payment of administrative personnel, rady for publication in no-t the form of salaries or awards. week's Alligator3. That negotiations be made by the Executive Council-1 The state of Florida i-divid(h. proper authorities relative to the securing of ample and into ten geographical distrie 1 each in charge of a chairman wi grounds for the carrying on of Intra-mural sports. It is oversees the work of hisi subfurther, that the Council endeavor to secure for such pur chairmen. This is the first organland now being used by the Military Department as a polo Ized drive the Alumni Associa'i tzehasreve hd fo nemAunn :10oiathat the Military Department be reimbursed through student i has e-ver had for members m),! i ; certain to be a suc ce:s, other funds for whatever reasonable expenditures they have' The chairmen have done everyimproving this field. As a substitute for their present thing in their power to create in-! it is suggested that the land west of the present' field, now terest. One has even pub'ihed a1 to tung oil trees and under the supervision of the Experi Magazine called the "Baby Alun nus" which is a miniature of th!i tion, might be secured for the Military Department, "Alumnus," the official magaziri 4. We believe that a more comprehensive and unitified f of the association. This created a providing the general student body with athletic equipment 4 great deal of interest, and as a readopted by the Athletic Department. We believe that the s ult of this the chairman hCouncil should recommend to the Athletic Department that th handed In marvelous preliminary It results. e p ish one source for equipment to be used by the general studio The civic clubs, newspapers. an' and one source for students engaged in any of the major radio stations are to be cuIM1pi -sports. The intra-mural department could well serve as a so mented on the cooperation tI-,o have given the association. T 'ill equipment used by the general student body. civic clubs have put on 'oeo-ipl 5. Upon investigation of major and minor sports, we 61 programs w h i ch tiu t i .these branches of the Athletic Department are reasonably #i great deal of interest and hel] -,vidd for with the money and facilities that are available. the drive. The amendment will be presented to the student body fq The newspapers have run neai-ao torials discussing the drive a:n sideration at the regular student body election to be the good one can to for his alnia The statement concerning this change that was made in I mater by joining the Alumni Ai gator last veek has created a false impression in the minds o sociation. Every night during It r ust be understood that this amendment does NOT involve l greater part of the drive, Fiar., 'f S. Wright has broadcast resulI in the student fee. and other thTngs which he deemed j to be of interest to alumni all over the state and nation. This was indeed a good wav to rach "I large number of non-mcmberis an] Weekly BegnW added its share to the success. P PrgrmApril 4,' RMONDAY&TUESDAY:. LYRIC Will Rogers •[ • -In-Double Feature Veek "Business & Pleasure" Wednesday & Thursday from Booth Tarkington's "The Plutocrat" Jawes Dunn & --Added-Charley Chase Comedy Sally Eilers WEDNESDAY-.0In "Dance Team" winiam Haines -'-Ill-Also Thomas Meigham in "Are You Listening?" 'CHEATERS AT PLAY" with Madge Evans, John Miljan THURSDAY & FRIDAYFriday & Saturday "D isor1a j1Js BUCK JONE& with Satly 91o -Tracy, 'South of Rio Grande'£a ree Rap ..t SATURDAY.,. Also..-W ~r er(Xan Warner Baxter & iA Hyamu in "SURREDER" I "Ohle caa'. Chaw'e 'I= FIAMMA ALUG-iil0it, • ...• i b. l 

PAGE 3

THE. n'Lt'A. ALLIMXTC>T SOCIETY and( ...1 .._WILLIAM, FAtor TICULTURE' 117'Y MITEE T S :A A* 4uc po l~gof Cjoup. annual meeting of the ate Horticultural SoOe held here April 19. B. F. Floyd in an, hiii ltb t TO wt the rAID w met Lloyd kiuoun 'hec !irnall OPr at :tbelta lii of, the [oie eD Iyou he fir R. E 'U ho. tkers 4ron tAV d gemr GAk (outil .Out Utetsry usit tool In the ,regular meeting of the Peabody 'C I ub Monday night, Ma :ch 28, 1982, the following resolutions were adopted, and it was ordered that a copy be liven to the executive council and to The tentative program, Alligator, viz.: addresses, discus. Whereas: It has been reported in The Alligator that the executs ad experiments tive council has proposed that the ie whole field if hotpresent twenty-five cent member. )m specializedrnaship fee for "literary societies" of ers to citrus groves, the campus be dropped from the te speakers will be J.student activty fee which is astthe Federal Farm sensed against each undergraduW., W. Youthers ofate upon. his annual registration states Department of In, the University of Florida, and Whereas; Peabody Club, the ofTalks will be given fiedal club of the College of Educaand the agricultural tion, is considered by the execurvice of the UnIvertive council as a "literary society," and mfen, truck farmers;an oers, ta Whereas: Peabody Club is not a la Rose Society, a literary society, but a professional Society of a high order, and ganizatihold within nnthe Whereas: Peabody Club has a -wll attendance of approxi!mately twenty-five regular at' tendants and an undetermined LTA 011 number of others who attend at 1UlL4$UERt_ i frequent intervals, and .Helfenstein, publishWheras: Peabody Club has a hiwannee Democrat, I weekly program that is highly ind as an associate teresting to those intending to 1igma, Delta ClI, Inenter the teaching profession, and Prof*Wional jourallsWhereas: The number of stuv, at a ceremony held dents who are becoming more and Kappa Tau house Frimore interested in the work, and at 6:30. who are attending the meetings I. Averse, a junior In regularly is increasing, and of journalism at the Wheras: The cutting off of the of Florida, was also twenty-five cent fee will do disthis time. tinct harm to the activities of the club, and 3 HAVE DANCE Whereas: This twenty-five cent )UNT DURIN( fee, if diverted to a debating club ATIESWill, proportionately, benefit leas wing holidays the Al. men U1= it does if applied to the Rho fraternity will actIvities of Peabody Club, and e at the Thomas HoWheoea: A smaller number of nd. Safurdy from 9:30 men, proportionately, will have an n. Saturday morning active 'part II a debating club than be a banquet and a even now have as members of e Ocala Country Club Peabody Club 7:00 to. 12:00. Therefore: Be it resolved, that -= ..... Peabody Club petition the execuDDRESSES tive council not to hamper the acTVtivitles of this excellent club by he future will have to taking away the small fee of san of attaining suetwenty-five cents from each stut More, chairman of dent regitered in the Cbllege of I committee on uniEducation. sting, in land grant I students and faculAMJEICAN OE2CAL College of Commerce SOMIETY OOVENIESHERE-lism Friday night at The Florida -section of the the Y. M. C. A. American Cemistry Society held y, who spoke as the its 34th meeting Saturday, April nor of the local chap. 2 at the University of Florida. a Sigma Pi, used as The day was given over to the 1, his talk a quotation subject of "NutriUon." Latin poet Seneca: At the afternoon meeting, Dr. have been before us T. R. Leigh, councilor, reported on much; but they have the New Orleans meeting. everything to congratulate you," DIETRICIISPEAKSsaid, "on the opporProfessor Diettrich," instructor have ahead. But of economics, spoke at the meeting ture is going to be is of the International Relations Club t from the past." held March 24. He took for his subject "The Number of Men in ELECTS OFFICERS Arms in Europe." hi Kappa, national *te deliberated very extensively norary fraternity held upon the comparison between the thly meeting for the total population of each nation in electing officers for Europe and the number of men in g year. The followthe war department during peace were elected: presltime and war. Dr. Diettrich gave Andrews; vice-presvarious reasons for the great Matthews; secretary, variation in the percentage of difach; treasurer, S. T. ferences between the European ian, Erben Cook. nations in these comparisons. He covered the relations between each IND0 PESTLE CLUB of the different nations very ELI LILLY briefly. i Interesting talking pic$40wing the plant of Fli *W Company, manufacturlIsmclsts, was shown to a goup of students in the WIall auditorium last week. jo ving picture was sponsorthe Mortar and Pestle Sofilm depicted the manu• of capsules, pills of all #Ad many well known NWeuticais and drugs. Dr. I Vbote of the College if Oacy made a short introduc",vsse before the film was Mlachinerv necessary for the itlOn of round pictures was C the University of Florida ib the special 'courtesy of IlY and Company. NOTICE HON0BARIES ecto Secerewares of -vFraternties. Al t who have not toeMsbmnutteda conapfrts .1 clam, of their or40"Sa, must have them Seminole offices by y, Aurl 5. JOE KIRTON, Editor of Samiole ALUMi'J QUZLL DS. L. Holland, of flar-tow, Maldent of th. e lorida A nation, played a tot partin preventng mob Sto tour prisoners n the jail Sunday. ltet I Otunded the .11, do. lrthe courts. GUIDE A dish • r .Aulle of Orlando; Mabel Daugh-j Mary Hill, Rochel Wiin, Lid FjI:hhack. Oiln(o: Mar tha !'iacierty, WenonahiBevis, EileenG id-1Sarmrns, Marv Pet'as. Mildred wulI, Live Oak; Cat 'rnMcd's. dens and Dot Way of Lakeland; Sterns and Pat Givens of Miami; Gainesvilie, Ga.: and :;, l .'I Mary Louise Moore, Helen SanScotty Rankin, Elizeth 1: '-ice, gar of Apalachiteolt. ford, and Dot Judkins of Clear-, Catherine Sinxnons. Marion Cawater katherine Schirard, Christor, Mimi Root, Fay Sunner and Tau Epsilon Phi -: i ~~~tinle S0drie ~ -Beverly! Margaret Roach o4"'"T/tipa: Fra/uIfluth Sota-, ,,* t1.ln 1 -,,olt.. -, ,. Bender of Sanford; Helen Cold-1ces Clark aiV' : .0 RtF-hwa1 t.Tea. ; weld, and Dot Hefner of Braden-! of Ocala; Satalh hin.;on and Jf on; Geot.i' Full Program rgry Rowlett and Marie Frances. Gray Thoiras of Quincy;i..t _rz, he ihnt,:. :Burke, of Tampa; Mary Belcher, Sur, Plk ndton rawi dlE;Ettha a en ech\ei JS P14 ed Tarpon Springs; Ruth Cotton, 1Son 0" Valdoda Ga. Laura fl I & a n daShe'oo Is rinnedDothan, Ala.; Ann Walker, Amford and Katherine Hair of L Miami; C 'del Cohen. Ce et VF tl 1!iP !ercu, Ga.; F es We AtOak; Betty Maury, Mobile, A' \ ahnish, Faye Safer. Lucille Forofldayst ivat aa.; Oilean 1etnge, and Jane McCullock, Ft. Firce-FranRosenberg, and Bea Davidson of I Nalalie Levinge of Birmingham, kie Mayfieli., 'r inmr" Allie Taltahassee: Gustava Katz, of .....,Alaa; Mary Potter, Leesburg; Mimberly, Coct-"'r. Ca.: KathNewark, N. J.: Cornelit Perhnan Roanoke, Va.;-Eleanor Pilkington, !Marion McCormick, Eustis; Virleen Long, S'nforr Rosebud Pauline Leibowitz. Ida Lutz and, St. Petersburg; Nan Jewett, Lake. niaBi rd.keechobee; Elizath Greer, Lake. City: Tot Murphy, Adalaide Bloch, Tampa: Fannye land; India Kuder, Monticello. Rollins, Dunellon; Alice HemOrlando; Ruth Tucker, tWVst Friedman, of Savannah. Ga_ -. i mings, Ft. .Pierce and Emma Palm -Beaci: Virginio Flowers, Zelda Bonnetf of Atlanta. Ga.; Delta Sigma Phi ILaurie Smith of Bartow. Montgomery, Ala.; and Helen Ruth Wolly, Ethyl Sigal, Esther listofh e Carter, West Ph Be .Lieberman of Orlando: Rosebelle Incomplete"guessCr-e Pm Sher of Palm Beach; Rose Fleisof DeRt Sigma Phi fraternity for S'4ws ci -hicher of Birmingham, Ala.: Miriam oepatlS Lhifrer o Elizabeth Winters, Grace RanSigma, Nti Jacobs of Starke; Freda JubelrhO epacobs ofttilStarke: EliabetdahJuseargaet okin, West Palm Beach, Jennie Elizabeth Shands, Margaret er of Pittsburgh, Pa.: Pearl Kass, XorMa Robbtt,. Miami; Squint Wertheimer, Edna Bremer, Anne Chitly, and Alma Hartman, of Rosalyn Magezis. and Evelyn Edwards, Doty Tucker, Grace Askew Davies, Palm Beach; Grinesvilie: Adele Youngberg, Krantz of Jacksonville: Beatrice Callahan, Melbourne; Betty Sue Louise Mackey, Pensacola; Mary Rosemary R-r s k i n e, Virginia i Rose, Edythe Hoffman. Sylvia Atwell, Anita Anderson, West Sue Raws, Nancy Bo, Vida Campbell, Dorothy Robinson Magid and Lil Cohen of New York WetSeRws -ac os ia apel ooh oisnI City and Nellye Lehrman of Pt. Palm Beach; Ritadele Murphy, Ball, Sallie Fitch, Augusta McClaribel Hardwick. Betty Taylor, Lauderdale. 1Lake Worth; Carln .atlSarNair, Franes Hockada arolynBattle Nar, Frances Hockaday, Lucy and Betty Bro"nlow of Jackson Lu a. asota; Mary Louise Buchanan, Haughton. Nita Stokes, Marion ville: Margaret Peters, and Jean; Ward, Chloe Frierson, Jacksonette Ruppei of Miami; Janice Waycross, Ga.; Mildren Lou Coffville; Mathilda Haynesworth, Ann Prince, Susan Stovall, Nancy Florida man, Orlando; Mary Key, Green Elizabeth Sharp, Elma Copeland, Lykes, Lila Doachester and Anne; Book Store Cove Springs; Lois Strange, DunDorothy Burnett, Susanne JohnLee Dunn of Tampa; Helen Turnellen; Janice Bailey, Roanokeson Marie FayarL A Mdrer, Margaret Turner and Sarah eVo; MaJaneBaly dDRoankethn Carlton, Mary Lou Anderson. Bryson of Bradenton; Kate LaOperatn on new time Va.; Mary Jane Harland, Deland; Mary Boyd, Euice Nicholson, mar, and Sue Rnkinl of West Juanita Butler, Pitt§7ield, Mass.; Tallahassee; Clara Gunn, Bobby Palm Beach; Margaret Beery and ti Chaperones: Mr. and Mrs. Reed Furr, Margaret Brooker, Jane Jo Quinn of Palm Beah; Marlan Hutchinson, Vero Beach; Captain Bostwick, Miami; Placide Lewis, McCormick, rustis; Dorothy MeAlSuetSple and Mrs. Gimer Bell. iBrunelle Rush, Ocala; Willie Kethan, Brooksville; Elizabeth't t Gainesville; Pearl Williams, Gainesville: Blitch, Quincy; Nancy Lang, St. Mrs. Mosby Taylor, Gainesville. Blanche Morrison, Inverness; Petersburg; Marnie Jester, TusNew soda fountain Mrs. Ed. Parnell, Jensen; Susie caloosa, Ala.; Jessie Booton, Marrece tly installed Kappa Alpha May Scarborough, River Juneshalville, Ga.: Dorothy Teeter, re i a Kate Tilbert, Edith Winston and Ition. Clearwater; Blanche Georgene Shirley Bishop, Gainesville; Nisca __at___ae Go__e____ ___ _=__ Tucker, Emily Hestler, Polly Theta Chi -.• Walker, Annabelle Anthony, Judy Helen Gray, Martha Whiddon, Fleming, Carolyn Arnold, Eleanor Mary Alice Lawrence and Trixie n th Wood, Leah Adamsop, and Helen Hill of Gainesville; Elizabeth of ainsvile ElzabthComing Next Mvonth Holly of Jacksonville; Martha Parsons, Nansy Le Gote, Mar9 Whitaker, Margaret Myers, Evegaret McClellan, Virginia Sims, lyn Morrison, Judy Farrier, DoralJane Hopkins, and Beth RobinT eOrgn lR x llcS e Hunter and Sarah Johnson, Tamson of Jacksonville; Marion lyn ~ ~ ~ ~ o MorsnJudaarocDoaJn o ksondilethMron-eOrginal Rexall 1 c Sale pa; Aline Tolbert and Martha Chiambliss, Mozelle Orr, Corlta I Pierce, Ocala;Jince Crenshaw and Davis and Melba Bartlett of TamA Sarah Luttrel of Orlando; Reba pa; Lillial McGahn, Janice StemDunwoody and Evelyn Cooper of bier, Elenor Knight and Maymo 1 April 14,15,16 Arcadia; Jo Seay, Baconton, Ga.; Tatum of Tampa; Tommie Grace Edna Deal, Winter 'Park; Joy Faircloth, Dot Austin, and Mary Makinson, Kftsimrnmee; Martha 1 Varn of Plant City; Virginia Lee LST. N IN ON THE RADIO PROGRAM Tom Morris, Paris, Tenn.; La and Mary Lou Mulliman of MiGeorgia Newell, Chatanooga, ami Beach; Jessie Baldwin and 9 7-15 EACH SUNDAY OVER Tenn,; and Catherine Swearnigen Marjorie Macky of Pensacola-:5 of Bartow. Louise Arnold, Lake City; Dot iNewman, Ft. Myers; Mary MnNBC NETWORK Phi Delta There ott, Charleston, S. C.; Peggy Margaret Stokes, Virginia Bidazemore, Palm Beach, and Mary dle, and Betty McLane, of GainesIna Brown, Palmetto. ville; Villie Grace Bater D maBrwn Plmtt.I thy Dixon, Margaret Irwin, DoraSigma Alpha Epsilon 9 -i" thy Burns, Martha Me~louh Jane Graham, Tad Goowin,{9 Elizabeth Follin, Claire Kirl., Evelyn Haynie, Elizabeth Kelly, Mary Frances Taylor, Betty Anne Long, and Jean Parr of Schnell, Lucy An.hony and FranGainesville; Jane Reed, Mary C s ces Trexler of Jacksonville; Rogers, tEunice Moore, Helen -' --Maureece Caraballo, lone Rubush Oilphant, Mary Reed, VirginiaL and Mary Virginia Murphy, TabMiller, and Sadie Burrough of 2 REXALL STORES -....... pa;Ruth Rand, 3uly McCarthy, Jacksonville; lsie Davis, Mary I Virginia McCarthy, Susan LeGro, Alice Moore, Marion Dorsett, ,,, ,,_ Betty Hamer,_Helen Coombs and ..-........................ .. active people KELLOGG'S PEP Bran Flakes area treat you like and need. Beeaue lhr&v're just the kind of food that helWp to h ild and nourish you. Whole wheat is a natural food for active bodies. It contains iron and ofier, minerals, vitamins, and proteins. Kellogg's PEP Bran Flakes-the beiler brao flakes -are whole wheat -plus the healthful bulk of bran-plus the match. less flavor of Pep. They're good to eat and good for you. Made by Kellogg in Battle Creek. Quality guaranteed. The mot popular ready-lo-eat cereals served in the dining-rooms ofAmerican colleges, eating clubs and fraternities ore made by Kellogg in Battle Creek. They include ALL-BRAN, Corn Flakes, Rice Krispies, Wheat Krumbles and Kellogg's WHOLE WHEAT Di.,':f. Also Kaffee Hag Coffeereal coffee that lets you sleep. EEPP j BRN FLAKES FLA ....T. PE P 'i ,& BRAN FLAKES Mary Lee Parker or Miami; Louis Yerxa, Beth Kehler, and Virginia Wagner of St. Petersburg; Ann Atkinson, Mary Lou Fox and Ethel Rogers of St. Augustine; C6leen Murphy, Tad Thomas and Louise jEnglish of Bradenton; Peggy Gagemore, of West Palm Beach; June Clark, Ft. Lauderdale; Margaret Clark, Fernandlitia; Dorothy Hathaway, Tallahassee, and Frances Mills of Ormond Beach. P1 Kappa Alpha Helen Kennedy, Estelle Long, Frances Was, Mary Catherine Pacetti, Nellie Ray, Marion Armington, Kitty Rose, Mary Borroughs, Louise Game, Billie Keffer and Mary Wowney of Jacksonville; Anne Gegder, Elinor Estis, Nancy McNair, Grace.1 Franklin. Jean Gegder and Dot 0 HAIR CUTS ..... ,35c We appreciate your pa|[ tronage. D S ce Barber Shop 0 Next to Presto Rest. U aoinoomo3 ----~-.-I ... COUNSELOR ...FIEND WHAT is the best soap for bathing? How much are clothes today? How nuch for the new shoes Joe College needs! What about a new chair or two for the porch ? An electric fan would be nice, but how much does it cost ? In the Alligator you will probably find the answers to these and many other questions. Questions you must answer if you are to be sure of getting the best value for your money, the most out of your weekly budget. Advertising is a friendly thing, ready to help you plan every purchase, to fit it to your need and your purse. As you sit in your room reading the Alligator, study the advMrtsemen*t and make your decisions at your leisure. Consult the advertisements before you buy. Chesrfie.d Radio Program I MON. a5. TUt &M. wM. SAT. Boswet AtEx RUTH SISTHS GPy ETTING 1030p.m.I&T. 1030pm. EAT. l0p.m.E.S,T. SIOKS hOIdCSHWUev" fight bvt Sundoy NORMAN IOKIMItl. An vncwr A COtPWA NfIWOkK A "o • .-,12 ,7 : ?:, for AAP 

PAGE 4

iNew Rates WEEKLY RATES Three Means-..................----------------------85.50 WEEKLY RATES $, Tw o M eals .--.----.......... NO CHANGE IN QUALITY OF FOOD 1666 W. University Avenue CHECK OUT PRIVILEGES ANDERSON'S DINING ROO] mm m o Koa F or Baird the& Finals. -bas been keen for ledware trophy in the SFida open sies esetup trougb II~*I iqWp4-The seqdwu true to form t0r*'4be -but went off fti C4*eil, seeded No. to the sam.flnais by Victory ovor Gilbert 4-N-. 2l the tournaS WUWImaon, also W vpimit with a defeat wtth, eedd No. 4, of er two uarter-finals ky Bm xln. defeated Aaa h4 t0,ght bane4 6-4, 14# and b.Wu Or1 RyroKing mW9-Atmatch which -, 4 In all of the is matobes the outp"rtaln until the last id #us4 ores are as *,ovr Sutton, 10-8, 4.feated HalMi{er defeated 6-2: Covel defeated 6-2: .th defeated I'4 and WiIaimmson 6J 4,1 6.2! ~advanced t the tournament a iour met victory '84 64 6-8, 8-2. He w r of the BranIp finals which at Wke time after J piiirsity Ave. WAVII, Flo. ha Sacker RIF OUT FT S SEASON Marksmen Put Away Rifle With Good Season Behind Them. After having a fairly succes ful season, the marksmen ( Florida's R .0. T. C. unit have pt away their rifles until next yea Competition was completed wit the shooting of the Hearst Tropi match. Members of the tea have shown much interest I marksnmanhip this year. Under the leadership of a fe veterans and brihiant freshma rarksmen, the team has Improed throughout the year. Day and Morgan, two veterans on tt team have been doing exctptiona ly good shooting. FROSH BEAT VARSITY Coach Dutch Stanley's Fresl man baseball players displayed splendid early season form Tue day afternoon to outhit a chose team of varsity players in scheduled practice game on tt new Fleming Field diamond. lowVidal Drug Co. .ePrriptions Our Specialty CUT PRICES.EVERY DAY Phone 239 FLORIDA BARBER SHOP Gww&Me d service and courtesy is our motto W. $ Swe Square J. C. Prevatt, Prop. Paits Wax Mops ALL HOUSEHOLD HARDWARE Come To See Us ISporting Goods and Hardware I. I __I___________________________ II_ THOMAS .HDWE. CO. West Side of Square Phone 22 PECKHAM SAYS BOXING FUTURE IS HEARTENING New Captain States That Loss of Minardi Is Team's Greatest Loss. Captain Stanley Peckham has stated that the prospects for the 1933 edition of the Florida Fighting Gators were unusually good. Besides a number of lettermen, there are a score or more freshmen who will offer stiff competition in practically every weight, stated Peckham The loss of Johnny Minardi, former captain and twice Southem Conference bantam champion will be a severe loss to the Gator mitten, but Charles P. D. Barnett, sophomore, who did not participate last year will bid to fill his shoes; Reinardo Perez is also slated to battle for the champion's place. Minardi is the only veteran to graduate. The returning letterINTRA = MURAL ACTIVITIES By PAUL A. BEST SCHEDULE OF EVENTS Fraternity League Water Basketball--The court s will be ready for practice purposes tomorrow afternoon. The courts will not be assigned, so anyone desiring to use them may do so all this week. Games will begin on Monday, April 11. Track---Preliminaries in this sport will take place on Monday, April 25, and finals on Tuesday, April 26. Dormitory League Water Basketball-Games will begin on Tuesday. April 19. Track-The events will all be run off on Friday, April 29. Independent League Water Basketball-Games will start on Thursday, April 28. Statement From Holsinger Due to the fact that a number of fraternities have been reported withholding their freshmen track candidates from freshman track RK 0. T.C. STAGES COMPETITIONS IN LOCAL UNIT1 Competitions in Both Infan. try and Artillery Battalions Held. To Finish In April Company and Battery Ratings Are Announced By Military Department. Competitions, other than ordinary military routine training, were run off in the Artillery and Infantry Battalions last week. Medals will be awarded the ones successful in winning prizes in the various tests, and a trophy for, the company or battery having the highest number of points at the end of the competitions. Points won by any individual or unit will count tward the standSpeaker Gators Beat Georgia In Swimming Meet By Score of 51-33 With Ladell Lawhorn and Sam Pasco presenting outstanding perfortuances, Fl o r i d a's Fighting Gator natators defeated the Georgia Bulldogs yesterday afternoon by the score of 51-33. Lawhorn and Pasce were Lied for high point scores of the meet with 10 points each, while Allen Hodgson, GeorgWi Florida; time, 3.* 150-Yard ba* Pasco, Florida; Florida: third, I! time, 2:5.8. 50-Yard dash: Georgia; second, g third, Pepper, Fl 400-Yard free i horn, Florida; ida; third, b time 6:22.6. 100-Yard dash: son. Georgia; M Florida, third, ; time, 58.8 Spencer, the Gator captain, and Fancy diving: M. Hodgson of Georgia, were deadFlorda; end, "Mr -locked for socondw with a total of third, Ventuiett, 4 James L. Hurdwick. a secreeight points each. Pasco prove o2 rdse:' to be te witiiFgoheodas leec0ac tary of the National Y. M. C. A. to be the tiring hero as he placa .o. council, who will come here April ed first in the 150-yard back stroke Georgia: third, 10 to address 'various groups on and second in the 440-yard free 300-Yard me*e the subject of religion. His exstyle as well as being a memberF a (Pasco, I cellent background of academic of the 300-yard medley relay which Florida sco, training, together with a rugged took first place. 3:45.6. athletic career and twelve years Gordon and M. Hodgson looked of intimate association with col-Ibest for Georgia as they defeated lege men living in groups, gives Captain Spencer by very narrowThe AlabaniiW' him a sympathetic understanding margins in the 50 and 100-yard termath of collI of just what young men are facdash-.s respectively, space for only a, ing, and in what ways they are Perry and Pepper of Florida ad zle to devote ari experiencing great urges towards Ventulett. of Georgia furnished something finer and better around the crowd with some very colorful issue. One corro which to center their lives. entertainment in the fancy diving however, as the event. Perry bcst 1 his opponent.., Ithree letter woam rnen who wil Idon the mitts next practice in order to insure nt g of the company or battery to year are: Donald Swann, Donald eligibility for the Intra-Mural which he or It is assigned. or ra ars es Williams, Sam Davis, "Red" meet, the Intra-Mural Eepartment The following competitions Cobb, Reina'rdo Perez, Leo Bilinwishes to announce that any stuhave been run off already: Arski and Captain Stanley Peckdent who has not won a varsity tillery Battalion: Neatest basic. Plan for Pen5 a ces ham. t letter or freshman numeral in soldier, Paul A. Best, Battery C, 1 Among the promising freshmen track will be eligible for the Infirst place; Paul E. Elsbery, BatFormidable Gator Athletes: Of prospects are: Dan Allen, who will tra-Mural track meets, regardless tery C, second; Dan T. McCarty, Are To Attend Great popcsBattery A, third, and Nasrccr A. possibly fight as a welterweight; of their record of participation Deeb battery Asi olrd e. WMeet. ut Porter Motley, lightweight; Arthis year. Battery A fourth. r. chie Harris, featherweight; Bob Fine Spirit Shown Best drilled basic soldier. Wilth McMullen, state A. A. U. featheris hopbythwnlam C. Lanitoff, Battery A, first, The University of Florida should It is hoped by the Intra-Mul Raymond .Crabtree, Bat teiy B, be well represented at the coming' hy weight champion; Ernest Gagindepartment that all organizations second s. i nPenn Relays, which will be held n! x'a basra, lightweight; and Hal Starwl otnet hwtefe second, Russell S. King, D itteryPenRaywihilbeed : in buck, giant tackle, 'heavyweight will continue to show the fne D, third; and Oswald B. McEwApril 29 and 30. Coach Nash lig-' Sspirit of cooperation and sportsan. attery C, fourth. gins is planning on entering a w aBest drilled squad: Battery B, crack mile relay team in this anSNeww Account hir Chasshasrac oevdient first; battery A, secondBattery al track and field cariva, ant -wtheiver fForthe B at D, third, and Battery C, fourth is also exiecting to hend Joe Hal ds sS inb four Award has been the closest] Beat drTled platoon at realFlorida's national decathalon con-1 hI System i eUsed n history of Intra-Murals, ormental parades, for this week:Ipetitor, and Joe Jenkins. an out-1 31B4 yh University ofic Flfrortmit d te eela. It-,; Battery B, first; Battery A, see-f standing candidate in the discuss ByUniversity Office the first time that the seven leadohd, and Battery D, third. I throw. ing organizations have bein The infantry battalion has held The Surian track mentor is I grouped within 75 points of each the following competitions: Neatcounting on Joe Hall to make a Comptroller of University of other. At present Sigma Lambda est basic soldier, E. L. DuBois, Jr., i strong bid for the collegiate decaa To Install Method. the race by a narrow margin. it Company C, second; S. T. Dell, the winner will enter this event at is also the first time that a locai Jr., Company F, thirdand H. 13. the Olympics in July. Hail showen 0. fraternity has led the race at thk iller,. Co .'p'.3' Lloyd Morey, comptroller of frtriyhsldterceah' ilr opn A. fourth. ed that he w~ rapidly r-ounding! a the University of Illinois, and aclatesh credit is due the Best drilled basic soldier: S. W. into good form when he garnered i he 9nowledged as an outstanding members of this organization and Shapiro, Company F. first; W. B. 146 points in the two opening i figure in the field of governmenttheir intra-mural managers, for Thornton, Company F. second: W. Track metrof the reason la.t al and institutional accounting dethe splendid record they have K. Love, Company B, third; andN*week against Davidson and PrrSvoted last week to the installation made this year. S. W. Johnston, Company D, I)yterin college. of a sysem of accounting and refourth. Best platoon Manual ofI Coach Higgins hats been bringrti n the University of Flor-e Arms won by platoon from Com-1 ing Hall along Slowly in his train.ida. This system is declared the pany D; platoon from Cam-'_ing and is looldug for him to lisfinal word in efficiency. Befo Co e n pany C. commanded by J.B. play steady i improvement s rth on Farnior. eod platoon f romsea o r, bs~s e should reach Mr. Morey, is at present chair BefFre Civeo second;plat man of the national committee Company B, commanded b y t-sp bt i h e on standard reports for instituBased on Adventure H. D. adgett, third: and platoon Relays are held. Following the tions of higher education. This from Company E, commanded by foothajll season, Hall kept in good; committee, which has functioned E. A. Emmelhainz, fourth. Best' trim by taking part in wreAtling I sincet1930, hasproduced a model M a r ks L a s t Compulsory platoon at regimental parade for and boxing. c' system of accounting and reportMeeting of Year For Infantry Battalion; Company C, The varsity Gator mile relay Ing for colleges and universities. Freshman Class. first; Company A, second; Corn-I prospects have received two rude It is financed by the general edupany D. third, and Company E. Setbacks. Florida. suffered the! I cation board. Adventure was the topic of Dr. fourth. loss of Malcolm Davis, a likely i Mr. Morey was brought into Wilfiam Mather Lewis' talk which The following is a list of the n o endidate foi the relay comhnathe foreground as one of the nahe gave In convocation last Thursevents to be held: tion. who will "W5e unable to corntion's leaders in this important day. He told those present, as Best drilled company, first pete bcau.:;e of s scholastic difficul" field of study during the survey well as those listening on the place, fifteen points, second, nine ties. Captain Ancil Boyette has'! oftelngatclee npoints, third. six points, and' of heladgan coleesan ui-radio, about some of the great adttrepits(natyhtbe.en laid up on til he lfi for a i versites inaugurated by Presiventrrs and about some of the aln only) best mounted batwhile diur, to the recurrence of an dent John J. Tigert during his adopportunities for adventure in the toioraly ) est mount ted, btedn aeaI ministration as United States present time. tpry, first motinted battery. firstoli uylle. e d n'rrtaklpartir Commissioner of Education. At "Adventure," 'said Dr. Lewis, fifteen points, second, nine the first two cinder'engagements the conclusion o that significant "is bound up in the youth of the points, third, six points, and o-the fse ow. -in d s nag n research project Mr. Morey was world. As long as a man sees fourth three points; (artillery bat01 th season wl.th Davidson and named head of the national cornvisions of things to happen in the talion only; best platoon manualI Presbyterian oCllege. mittee which was to evolve standfuture, things to will do, he of terms, fir-st place, five points In addition to Captain Boyette, ard reports.,I is young and adventures come to second, five points, third. t other cotiltcd,.rs who are making The establishment of this dchim; but when he gets old and points and fourth, one point (in-!bids for 1* acs o the rnilc relay counting system is regarded as a does nothing but s' around and fantry battalion only); best cornte iBre .,ho P ri l lyK nig t, ay significant forward step for the dream of things tmat have happarty mnual of arms, first place IHerrick Billy Kniuiit, Arthur University. Institutional accountpened in the past. r e is old--adten points, second, six points,i St rll. an rlatcr ihwab. Should SIng and reprng is widely dfferventure Is his no ." third, three joints, and fourth a strong relay combination e en frag handtport eyiffer-vntwo points fIinfantry battalion i elo,d (1mrin tihe season, Coacn ~ r ent from that of the typical busi"The Marquis de Lifayette was o plc -g -! 't ness organization. A portion of a great adventurer. When he was only); best gun squac, first place -iggiO's "Ilter Florida in thietl the University's revenue is derivibut a youth he came to America five points, second, three points, eert a.the Perin Relays, ed from the federal government, to fight for a cause which was third, two points and fourth, one ot' Jcoh-itn9, hettyLeesburg lad,! and the system which Mr. Morey liberty, a thing which they did not pint (artillery battalin nlyr: best Will also flawnt ioe orange and 0 has installed meets every requirehave in his country. sophomore communication teani, tlcolor. at this annual track ruent of the United States govern"When he .returned for a visit Ifirst place, ten points, second, six and fi!d classic. fie stands good meat, as well as every requirein 1824, he was given thirteen 'or points, third, three points, and! chances of coming through in the meat of the state of Florida. -ffourth, two points (artillery bat'discus throw, according to reports meat of the state of Florida. ~~~~~~~~~~fourteen honorary degrees by tlinol) etsno ncm.fo lrd' edtakttr Mr. Mercy addressed Florida American colleges. It was at this tallion only); best senior in com-.froniFlorida's Wad track tutor. accountants in Jacksonville Sattime that the name of the George mand, first place, five points, hi c -Jenkins has been tossing the disue urday. President John J. Tigert Washington College was changed end place, three points, third. two'Around 140 feet most of the time is enthusiastic over the coming to Lafayette College and he was, points, and fourth, one point this spring and tias showed Ip well 9. of Mr. Moey to the University given a degree from that insti(voice with saber; and best pini n t-e early Tie-t: so far this set. for this valuable and important tution. toon at regimental parades, firstson. 'service. "The trip to Ameira was an place, three points, second two ...... adventure for him as was the points, third one point, and LEFT JIANDER PING-PONGl visit made some years later. He fourth, one point. Left-handed ping-po;ng is being I (OP SECOND VICTORY -.instituted at the "Vn versity of Mii and the honors of the nation were i There are in the United Stat-_; nesota in order t, .'e studeitj Corning fromrsbehinde totscoreea tic in the fifth inningtandcthen confetTed upon him. 181 college fraternities and 34 calwho -1ammer.Col a 'do Oredigpounding out four runs later in I"George Xashington's whole lege sororities.-Crimson-White ger CD ponigotfu usltrI life was an adventure. One A the game, the Fighting Orange reasons that he was so i-nte and Blue baseball team grabbed te -rn waso einter.their second victory of the season sd in public good was that he THRASHER DRUG COMPANY 1,from the strong St.Augustine was an adventurer of the first I S from th emitrong St. Augutnea water.743 West University Avenue Saintson Fleming Field MondayI -.'; .a. -,_ ;.n. .i afternoon. L...I Prrmt dlv e rvieo.,', ,_ 9k. f..,i= I -rest--rs_IL 1%0-111.!.. .... "-"" M" .... .'o "' P ... .. .. .... ..Wresters To Be At Prescriptions first-Agents for Sheaf fer Pens. Drug I Store nearest the University. Cut Prices. Phone 714 Naional A. A. U...... --.....i THEI The University of Florida will Ibe represented by John Dean, Si Osgood, and Bobby Turrill at the 1 I national A. A. U. wrestling chamGanesvendry,Inc. pionsbips to be held in New York BLACK CAT G City beginning June 20. : John Dean, 165 pounds, and Si CLEANERS AND DYERS Open..._ Day and Night ners;in their divisions In thereOpenurwsrrneruporthcent state A. A. U. tournament.heP4op Ow ID y udNih Bob Turrill was runner-up for the Phne 4iad|9 however, 7:ecurng a total ft 14 as the substance point.3 to win the vent. bath tubs. In The following is a brief sum ... .. mary of each event: misinformed daM 400-Yard free style relay: First, summer school Florida (Wiilams. Dell, Pepper might be well to! and Spcncer :9 : second. Georgia: the word to tlime, 4:19: th odtIb 200-Yard Ireast stroiie: F s .pelteded with four, lioffenstei Georgia; second, F. Plainsman. Radio Sai Arbiter Combination Administrator, 8 tubes ................ Crosley 42 Console................... Crosley 42-S Console ................. Croslky 32-S Console ................. Gembox, 6 tubes.................... Sonneteer, 5 tubes ................... M ate, 5 tubes ....................... Oracle (clock) 5 tubes................ 9-record Automatic Combination ....... Radiola 28 and Power Speaker......... Radiola 62 Console, 9 tubes ............ ASK FOR IREE DEMONSTRATION INOUk Baird Hardware Phone 6 A Complete Line of T( EQUIPMENT JUST ARRIVED A Complete line of Bob Smart Sport Shoes -.-A Complete Line Manhattan Shirts -Mansco Underwear JUST ARRIVED Burkhim, Jr., "THE GATOR SHOP" TNUN $4. mmmmm 'Oftdo, mi 
