
PAGE 1

the iepe UIent fl'Ida all Published bycampus Communications. Incsa a o sville. L .I No officially s85isd, withihUnives volume 75, no. 138 Democrats decry student aid cuts fy Machdmel yn-oI proposal to slash student aid. Alligator Staff Writer In Florida, the student vote is "particularly important" in turning back Reagan's aid cut proposals, O'Neill told The WASHINGTON Democratic leaders Wednesday Aligator. branded President Reagan's proposed student financial aid "With four new congressional districts, the ERA (Equal cuts shortsighted and irrational. Rights Amentinent) coming so close to passing and (Gov. At the same time, the Democrats announced plans for an Bob) Graham and (Sen. Lawton) Chiles up for reelection, the ambitious voter registration drive targeted at college students could play a major force in your state," O'Neill students, said. "You students are the greatest asset in a world that is O'Neill joined College Democrat Chairman Bernie Friedrunning out of resources and this is not the time to cut (back) man at a press conference protesting the student aid cuts, our resources," House Speaker Thomas P. "Tip" O'Neill which Friedman said would affect a million'students receivtold students gathered on Capitol Hill to protest Reacan's ing Guaranteed Stu.ent i anstl tINn ,P-1n C.--: of Awr da thursday, april 1, 1982 and 30 percent of those in work-study programs. Also, graduate students would become ineligible for governmentbacked loans -a move that could close half the graduate programs in the nations, Friedman said. Overall, about twothirds of America's 12 million college students receive financial aid, he said. Friedman, a native of Hollywood, Fla., said he may come to Florida next month to organize students in an effort to unseat U.S. Rep. Clay Shaw, a Republican from Fort Lauderdale. The Democratic Party has allocated $50,000 for the student voter registration drive. Most likely the money will be used to support political training schools for student leaders, for a special brochure on the proposed aid cuts or for other types on informational alerts, Friedman Trocey Geist, left, and Chris Pilato spent part of Wednesday afternoon reading Garfield comics at a Graham Pk $" In th g ms. Pond concert. The show, featuring the bonds Unfinished Business and Public Nuisance, was part of Celebration -82.finding local. Iranian father By Phl Kwatz Alligator Staff Writer They sold the house and the car and took he kids. And they could be on their way to Iran. Arrest warrants were issued Wednesday or two Iranian brothers who failed to return heir children to their former wives last weekend. Lawyersfor both mothers say they ear the two may be leaving, or already have eft, the country, possibly for Iran. Both mothers, Becky McDanial, who lives n Gainesville and Jamie Shirvanbigy, who ives in Tampa, have worked frantically ince Monday in an attempt to get federal gencies to help them locate their two young hilden. "We're trying to get the FBI involved, but we can only meet three of the four criteria," McDanial said Wednesday. She is the American-born ex-wife of Qmars Shirvanbigy and the mother of a 7-year-old son. The FBI apparently refuses to get involved in parental custody case unless the child is in immediate physical danger, she said. So McDanial has appealed to state Sen. George Kirkpatrick of Gainesville and U.S. Rep. Don Fuqua for help. As of Wednesday, night, however, neither had been able to get the FBI working on the case. Shirvanbigy and his brother Khosro apparently fled their home in Tampa this weekend after they picked up their children for a regular weekend visit. Their Iranian parents also fled the area, according to Jamie Shirvanbigy's lawyer Frank Quesada. "This was a well-planned double abduction," he said Wednesday. "They methodically liquidated all their assets in the weeks before the abduction." Both mothers, McDanial'scurrent husband Larry, and lawyers for both mothers attempted Wednesday to coordinate efforts tolocate the children, Tampa lawyer Quesada said. Quesada said he has physical evidence that Khosro apparently forged his wife's name on a deed Friday and sold the house for $25,000. The brothers also sold their cars and many other assets in preparation for their alleged flight from the area, Quesada said. The brothers' parents' house has also been completely vacated, he said. Jamie received a telegram from Paris on Monday saying that Heather, her 5-year-old daughter, and her estranged husband were there and not to worry. But Quda said the lawyers working on the case doubt the authenticity of the telegram, suggesting-that possibly a relative of the brothers sent it as a deception. McDanial and her husband have called several government officials since Monday in Se 8KdmeppIng' page nine Separatists women who prefer to *nioy their lives without men 01 "It bothers me that in this country of al A ___________________erplaces women can't be equal., she said.' think that when Jefferson wrote'all men ar Jane hates men' -ematid equal,' he really meant men. It's nit because she was just dumped by a Jane is a separatist -one of a sma boyfrieediorseganenthey leave the toilet seat age of women in Gainesville andi up all the time or because they are Obsessed other eammunities across the country wh with sptts. None of tlsue trivial things literally want nothing to do with men. Mo bother Jeae becauee she doesn't date men, WOistists are lesbians. Soue hate mei she doesn't share bathrooms with men and S6e Just hate what men have done t she doesn't mind sports at all. women. All separatists, however, shares Jane sys she hates men because they have least one important characteristic: they has supprewed women. She says they have stepno deaiee to live with men, sleep with me ped on women and made them their inferiors work with men t associate with men in an since thebeginaiagof civilized life. way. ll in ho St a. to at ve my It's impossible to determine exactly how many women ascribe to the separatist ideology, bit they estimate their own numbers in Cainesville at about 100. They say they dn-'t all live together. Separatists can be found in all sections of town and all walks of life. They also can be found in a few secluded, woman's-only uornmunitiea throughout, the United States, including at least one in Florida. But is such a way of life natural? Separatists say yes. They say their lives are as productive and exciting without men as any woman's life could be. At least one psychologist agrees isolation doesn't have to have negative effects. UF counseling psycologist Jaqui' Resnick says nuns and monks are living proof that people can isolate themselves successfully see'epwm le page fifteen NATION 5 In his first prime time nationally broadcast news conference, President Reagan Wednesday nightcalled for theUnite States and the Soviet Union to reduce 'monstrous, inhum ne weapons' LCAL pge 13 A UF official ays the new registration system will weedout-'closet majors' bynext fall SPOrS pg.32 Woman spors programs across the country are beingftorn between sticking with the incumbent AIAW or moving to the nowNCAA women's program I FBI won't assist In boy. knapped by I 

PAGE 2

I & 2 Bedroom SPACIOUS Apartments On Sit*: 2 Pools 2 Racquetball Courts 1 Acre Pond 4Laundry Facilities acres and acres of landscaping Available Immediately Pre-Leasing for Summer 8 Fall 7 S.W. 16th Ave. 376-6720 Financial Aid from page one said. The democraticc leaders' announcement which White House press aides had no comment on Wednesday -was only part of a recent barrage of criticism of Reagan's proposed aid cuts. Last week, executives at lipsico and Kodak Corp. sent letters to the White House rejecting Reagan's financial aid proposals. And Tuesday, syndicated humor columnist Art Buchwald said this is the first time in his 33-year career he has become so concerned about a political issue. "The most important thing hurting the Reagan administration is the cut in student financial aid, because it affects every person," Buchwald told The Alligator following a lecture to congressional interns Tuesday. -"It is the biggest outcry from the people since Vietman and the hostage situation because students have to take over this country and they should damn well know what they're talking about," Buchwald said. Aiding O'Neill and Friedman in denouncing the financial aid cuts were many leading Democrats, including Rep. Shirley Chisholm of New York City, Sen. Gary Hart of Col orado and House higher education subcommittee Chairman Paul Simon, who all released statements expressing concern about the education of the country's future leaders. Democratic National Committee Chairman Charles Manatt vowed that the House won't approve the aid cuts. And Sen. Edward Kennedy, a Democrat from Massachusetts, said, "America must not end college and graduate loans to 2 million students from poor and middle class families. College, law school, and medical school must never become the private preserve of the privileged." Temporary repairs on O'Connell roof are nearly completed By Done McElroy Alligator Staff Writer Temporary repairs on a 100-foot-long tear in the O'Connell Center's roof should be completed in about a week and permanent repairs are scheduled to begin in late April. The temporary repairs consist of patching the tear's sides and clipping the material in the rip's middle. This is designed to prevent the tear from spreading, according to Adam Frank, general supervisor for Dyson and Co., a Pensacola-based contracting firm doing the roof repairs. The tear was first noticed in mid-February following a night of heavy rains. Center Director Jim Dalrymple said UF officials do not know the cause of the tear. Since the roof first ripped, the tear has gotten wider, but not any longer. Permanent repairs would mean replacing the entire western portion of the center's roof, where a blue and green patch now covers the tear, Frank said. The Teflon-coated roof material is no longer made by Du Pont, Frank said, so it must be ordered from another company, Owens Corning Fiberglass Inc. Dalrymple said the repairs are moving slower than usual because events scheduled rmI w-UP at the center have hampered the work. "Work is progressing less rapidly because we vvant to keep the events going," Dalrymple said. "The tear has not caused any cancellations and has made only a small difference in theair pressure of the building." UF panel plans Its own Investigation Into local animal research By mroward LIston Alligator Staff Writer The death of a mongrel dog used by campus researchers has sparked an investigation into the care given animals at UF, officials announced Wednesday. Jacksonville Mayor Jake Godbold has already announced his intention to investigate the incident, which involved a dog obtained from the Jacksonville Animal Shelter. The animal had 30 percent of its stomach removed by UF surgeon Stephen Vogel as part of the research he was conducting into gastro-intestinal ulcers. Several days later a columnist for the Jacksonville Journal discovered the dog in its blood-soaked pen, where it was left unattended. Vogel's incision had reopened and the dog's entrails were exposed: It died on the operating table when *technicians and students failed to close the wound in time. Arline Dishong, a spokeswoman for the UF Miller Health Center, said Wednesday that veterinarian Richard Halliwell, chairman of the UF committee on the care and use of laboratory animals, will convene an. investigation by his committee on April 13. Hafliwell was in London and unavailable for comment Wednesday. "The committee will review the incident and take an intensive look at post-operative care (given animals)," Dishong said. Animal research at UF is performed by scientists at the Health Center. Vogel defended his work on the animal, saying "This happens with about the same frequency with humans." Both Vogel and Dishong say the incident was extraordinary, occurring only about every two to three years. Godbold said Tuesday he wants a full accounting from Alvin Moreland, the administrator responsible for care and upkeep of animals used in the research. If he is not satisfied that dogs are given "humane" treatment, Godbold said he would discontinue the 20-year practice of providing UF researchers with dogs and cats. About 1,700 of the 12,000 animals confined each year in the Jacksonville pound wind up in scientists' cages at UF, according to Dishong. She said Health Center researchers experiment with as many as 13,000 animals a year. Most of those are rats or mice. UF pays Jacksonville nothing for the pound animals, Dishong said. Dogs bred for laboratory use often cost as much as $300. Weather Today's forecast: mostly sunny today, fair and mild tonight. Highs in the mid-80s (29-31C>, lows in the upper-80s (13-16 C. 2, 111Q dr,'thdr Vj c" r40'0082 only one Of uiese pens Is thin enug to dra w -u"eline~eiow It's the extra-fine rolling ball of Pilot's remarkable new Precise Ball Liner Pen. (if you haven't guessed which one it is. look at the top photo again. It's the trim beauty on the bottom left.) But unlike the others, the real beauty of Pilot's Precise Ball Liner is the extra-fine line it puts on paper. It glides smoothly across the page because its tiny tungsten carbide ball is held securely within a needle-like stainless steel collar. A collar that makes the Precise Ball Liner the mostdurable,. trouble-free rolling ball pen you can buy. It's letter-writer'sjoy.An artist's dream. A scribbler's delight. One more fine point the Pilot Precise Ball Liner doesn't have a bi. fat price. It sjust a skinny $1.19. CaShmpusShop .& Bookstore El (Located in the Hub) 

PAGE 3

Steve Southeriand -persuasion before force By Frank Lo~mt. Alligator Staff Writer Steve Southerland says he's not content just to hold the fort. "I'm not so much in the position of holding the fort as Iam of taking back what's ours," said Southerland, the 21I-yearold history major who is scheduled to be sworn in tonight as UF student body president. Two weeks ago, Southerland's University Students Alliance Party captured 53 percent of the vote, while the Students Unite Now Party with presidential candidate Brian ,allard got 47 percent in a run-off election. With his first day in office only beginning, Southerland is already planning to face the challenges that lie ahead in his administration. He wants to persuade UF administrators to give SG officials the control over Student Government Productions and Carnigras that they once had. He wants to persuade a SUNdominated Student Senate and Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee to cooperate with him. And he wants to persuade doubters that he's not too soft-spoken to be a good leader. Southerland says it's just not his style to scream and preach about issues. But when Steve Southerland talks -he expects people to listen. In dealing with UF administrators, for example, the Stev Miami native says he hopes to restore respect and everyda' ...calls himself communication with student leaders. "I expect just as much respect from them as I give to way the game is played them," Southerland said. "They have to offer me respect -I "I consider myself think I've earned it." Southerland said. Althc His SG colleagues offer mixed reviews about his two-year and bring your advers tenure as a student senator from Tolbert Area housing. Southerland said it's ji "Well, he was quiet, he was not on a committee, he didn't opponent has a good po introduce a bill or offer an amendment, said former Student In fact, Southerlands Senate President Skip Dvornik. "He just sort of sat there." President Charlotte M Former UF Student Body President Erik Melear also said cabinet. he didn't remember Southerland being forceful on many "We don't feel that w issues. it wasn't on our platfor "He was not the most outstanding, outspoken, effective Members of both SUP person in the senate," Melear said. If Southerland doesn't get ly for any positions in over that reluctance to speak, Melear said he's in for a rocky get the same consider administration. Southerland said. "The only concern I have about Steve is his ability to be Despite that vow, se outspoken," Melear said. But Melear added that skeptical Southerland Southerland's image as "a hell of a nice guy" also will prove because of political fav an asset in persuading people to see things his way. "I don't know how e Although he backed Southerland in the run-off election, because of a low voter Solidarity Party presidential candidate Richard Baltin said it endorsement, a guyc was his distaste for SUN Party presidential candidate comes in and says 'Hi Ballard that made up his mind to endorse the USA Party,. they all turned out forv "I'd be surprised if he (Southerland) was a strong student Outgoing Florida BIL advocate," Baltin said, "but I think he'll be an adequate was the head of a( representative." Southerland in the e Those criticisms aren't news to Southerfnd, he said. political favors in retur "I'm not the wishy-washy person everyone thought I But Morgan denied s was," Southerland said. "Steve Southerland s "The approach I took during the whole time in the Senate on what the payback w was on a one-to-one basis," he said. ded, however, he is a s And Southerland says he plans to extend that one-to-one the spoils." diplomacy from internal SG matters all the way to the state Southerland said he Lgislature. anyone else. "I know a lot of legislators from my previous lobbying ex"What I said from th perience," said Southerland, who spent a semester as an in-that I was going -tern with former Florida Gov. ReubenAskew. "I know the Southerland said. "I I Southerland an 'aggressive compromiser' ."1 If an antagonistic compromiser," tough it's good to make up your mind aries around to thinking your way, ust as important to realize when the oint and learn from that. said that's the philosophy he and Vice ather are using to assemble the SG e have to discard an idea just because m," Southerland said. N and Solidarity are welcome to appthe USA executive branch, and will ation regardless of party affiliation, several SG officials said they remain Won't dole out cabinet positions iors he owes. ncumbered he is," Melear said, "but turnout and the lack of an Alligator can have some credibility when he ey, my house has 200 members and y ou." ue Key President John Morgan -who Greek house coalition that backed lection -may be expecting some rn for his backing, Melear said. uch insinuations. sold himself to us on his merits and not ,as going to be," Morgan said. He adtrong believer that "to the victors go hasn't promised spoils to Morgan or he beginning of the campaign was this to cut no deals, and I didn't," have never made a promise to give anyone a position." Soon-to-be Student Body Treasurer Jim Fried, who also ran bn the USA Party ticket with Southerland and Mather, said he had offers to run with both SUN and USA parties but sided with Southerland because of his determination. Not even sworn in yet, Southerland has received national -and even international -exposure. A battle with cancer cost Southerland his left leg eight years ago. But that handicap hasn't prevented Southerland from being president of his housing area, a cabinet director and a student senator for two years. In fact, that struggle has won the son of a prominent Miami lawyer the respect of friends and foes alike. "Steve is a very strong individual," outgoing Student Body President Mike Bedke said. "He seems to be able to feed off the adversity," said Fried, who also will be sworn in at tonight's ceremonies. "He showed me a lot of determination." The care Southerland uses to decide his positions on the issues impressed Fried as much as Southerland's courage in overcoming his handicap, Fried said. "He takes a lot of feedback and uses it to make his decisions," Fried said, "and when he makes his-decision, it's a considered one." UF Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen said he hasn't dealt extensively with Southerland yet. But from his contact with the new chief student executive, Sandeen said he's come away impressed. "I'm looking forward to working with him just as I have with all other student body presidents," Sandeen said. "I've found my conversations with him so far to be delightful." One of the USA Party slogans vowed to keep UF Officials "off the slippery slope." Southerland said a stance of active and decisive leadership should take students off the defensive and stop administrators from reducing SG power. Already, UF Officials have taken control of Carnigras and much of the power of Student Government Productions, Southerland said. There also have been rumblings -but no overt action -about eliminating the Halloween Festival, he said. "I will immediately take the stance that the Halloween Ball is a student-desired project and admittedly there are some problems with it, but I think we can work them out and keep the Halloween Ball on campus," Southerland said. Although Southerland said he has his sights set on the goal of increasing UF student power with administrators and state legislators, former occupants of Southerland's new office have widely different advice on how to attain that goal. "He's got to establish a respectful rapport with them," Melear said. "He's got to start his lobbying now and he's got to do it while the legislators are at home." Former S student Body President Doug Tuthill had another suggestion. "Militant is the key word," Tuthill said. "Be militant and aggressive. Bedke, however, said Southerland should have enough conflict in his administration without creating more. With a Student Senate composed almost completely of SUN Party members, Bedke said Southerland could find himself "butting heads" with antagonistic SUN supporters all year. But Bedke said he's urging SUN Party members to help Southerland and serve as "watchdogs," but not to fight him. "In my opinion, politics are through," Southerland said. "I have a year to go out and try to bring as much effective change to this university as I can." Bedke -he's proud of his track record By Lim Backman Alligator Staff Writer Several past occupants of the jot agree: dealing with UF administrators tends to "radicalize" even the conservative at heart. That's what former student body presidents Doug Tuthill and Erik Melear said they found to be true of their terms in office. And outgoing student bod President Mike Bedke said that his sear-long term was no different. '"I used to be an ultra-conservative and closed-minded," says Bedke; But no more. Since taking office last May, Bedke confidently sass he "matured a lot." He credits that accelerates] maturation, in part, to his sometimes rocky dealing with Tigert Hall administrators. He said his skepticism grew after incidents such as the decision to ban Carnigras, despite-a previous promise by administrators to keep the annual fair. In addition, Bedke said he really learned what it meant to be an elected representative when he had to take stands on issues he didn'personally agree with. That was the case last fall when students voted 3-1 in favor of giving the city $90,000 to keep Regional Transit System buses rolling. Bedke disagreed but supported the negotiations anyway. The Board of Masters later ruled that using student monei for the buses was contrary to state law. Still, the first-year law student says it's been a good year and his experience was overwhelmingly positive. And, says Bedke, he's proud of his track record. "We've accomplished 90 percent of our platform," he says. Outgoing Student Body Vice President David Burns said the 90 percent estimate may be misleading. When working out their track record, Bedke andCo. included other successful projects-they didn't list on their campaign plank last slicing. Burns was referring to projects such as the $275,000tor increased lighting on campus and the Gator Ride sharing program "Mike wonsomeand Mike lostisome'-Melear said. Although some student leaders criticize Bedke for skirting national issues and his frequent absence from the third floor of the Reitz Union this semester (his first term in law school), overall Bedke's colleagues and Tigert administratorsioffer glowing reports about him. "Mike is the best out of the four," said former Student Senate President Monty Stokes, who recalled the administrations of the past four student body presidents. "He is very intelligent and had a unique analysis ability. He was able to garner the facts and piece them together." "He was a very effective young person and a good spokesmann" said Lake City Sen. Pete Skinner, who worked with Bedke to get state money for campus lighting last spring. "I have the highest respect for Mike," said Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen. His predessors Tuthill and Melear however, are a bit more' critical of Bedke's tenure. Melear said Bedke fell into the same trap that evees student body president falls into. "At first you start off with a bang and then you suffer a slump as you come near the end," Melear said. "Out of onto four stars, 'd give him three." "I would have preferred it if he had taken more of a stance on national issues," Tuthill said, referring to Bedke's decision to pull UF out of the United States Student Association, a national lobbying group. "He seems stable -a nice stable type of student biiody president," Tuthill said. Among his successes during the past year, Bedke lists two voter registration drives which added 2,000 new student voters to Alachua County's roster, Student Senate redistricting which broke up Greek voting blocs, removal of Baby Gator Child Center from SG's checklbok and placing student representatives on all 36 campus committees. But Bedke admits he had his losses too, namely failure to establish a Sexual Harrassment Board, change a state law that gives administrators ultimate control of student activity mike U.ef .says he matured a lot from his one year in off ice and service fee money and shift funding responsibility of the Student Nighttime Auxiliary Service from SG to UF administrators. In addition, he said he wished efforts to stick this year's tuition hike were successful. Bedke said.he's geld he had his chance to challenge the student lbody presidency. Now it's time to finish up law school and get married in August to Diane Dimnel, a UF Marketing major. "There's definitely life after Student Government," Bedk said. 

PAGE 4

4, alligator, thursday, april 1, 1982 Parents agree to meet to discuss little girls' spat By Roxm Kopetmm Alligator Staff Writer Nancy Jo Burch and Shirley Lynn Nickolls attend the same elementary school and play on slides together. They also talk to each other now. Tonight, their parents will also be talking -to settle a case that almost led six-year-old Nancy Jo to adult criminal court last week for hitting Shirley Lynn last month. Last week, State Attorney Eugene Whitworth refused to preprosecute Nancy Jo, a first-grader,n aggravated hatters charges in adult criminal court as requested b-, her lawyer and granted Friday by Circuit Court Judge R.A. "Buzzy" Green. Green said he had no alternative under Florida law but to grant the request to an adult trial. Nancy Jo's lawyer, Alan Wilhite, said he wanted a jury "to lok at all the facts." In juvenile court, no jury is involved. Both families will be meeting tonight with Gary Weinstein, director of the Juvenile Alternative Services Program. Although Nancy Jo is too young to participate in the Community Arbitration Program, Weinstein was asked to arbitrate in an unofficial capacity. Weinstein said he plans to sit down with the children and their parents and resolve the case in an informal setting. Nancy Jo was accused of assaulting Shirley Lynn with a stick last month while 13-yearold Ronnie Dexter held her hands behind her Nancy Jo Burch back. Nancy Nickolls, who said the blows crushed cartilage in her daughter's nose and caused a nosebleed, called the Alachua County Sheriff's Office, where the children were taken. While an agreement might be reached tonight regarding the two girls, the fate of the Dexter boy is still unknown. Public defender Martha Lott, Dexter's attorney, said Monday that the boy will participate in the Community Arbitration Program, which seeks to settle neighlxirhixid disputes out of court and sometimes involves community service. Tuesday, however, Lott said, "I thought we had an agreement but the state attorney informs me that it's not final." Don Royston, assistant state attorney, said Wednesday that a decision in Dexter's case AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON R11"uIt MI Texas1 %%%a11C% w0ll#1 ~ olbittmla.mma EIECTROfIC/COIP(/TER EN6iNEERS PROM Zz VRI+(XLXo) BASIC' ROM /101 110 FORTRAN DIGITAL YOU SPENT LONG HOURS STUDYING TO GET YOUR DEGREE BUT NOW YOU'RE PUZZLED ABOUT WHERE YOU CAN GO TO BEST USE THOSE SKILLS. WARNER ROBINS AIR LOGISTICS CENTER offers a civil service career as an engineer with a chance to work with state-of-the-art technology to support the most advanced defense weapons systems in the world. Warner Robins ALC will hire approx. 180 electronIc/computer engineers in 1982. For more info. call toll free 1-800-841-9193 or 1-800-342-0570 (in Georgia) or write to: DPCSC-Employment office, Robins A.F.B., Georgia 31098 WARNER ROBINS AIR LOGISTCSCET ROBINS AS.I., GEORGIA 3 1OS U.S. CITIZENSIP REQUIRED -AN EQUAL oPPORTUNrTY EMPLOYER m has not yet been reached. Tigert Hall Wednesday. Because [ott also requested last week that Fishback and UFLAGS President Brut her client be tried as an adult, Royston said McCoy plan to charge Marston and t charges could be filed in adult court. "That Regents with denying the rights of fr doesn't mean that charges will be filed,"he speech, free association and equal protectiO added. under the law unless the UF gay rights adNickolls, Shirley Lynn's mother, says she's vocacy group is given back its office in the relieved' about tonight's scheduled meeting. Union. "I wish it would have happened a long time The Board of Regents is a 13-member ago," she said. group that runs the State University system. Nancy Jo and her parents could not be In February, the Union Board of Managers reached for comment Wednesday. deleted UFLAGS from the list of organiza. Weinstein said that if the girls' parents tions to be granted Union space, thereby efwant to, he could arrange a trip to fectively evicting 4t from the office it shared Disneyworld in Orlando for both families. with the National Organization for Women. "The newspaper said that we're going to Board members said at the time that eat and on the news they say that we're going UFLAGS does not represent a wide enough to Disney one weekend," Shiry Lynn said. sector to UF to justify using one of the sought after offices. M ar r ton target Fishback expressed some optimism for UFLAGS after the meeting. But Naples said be couldn't "speculate" on whether UF ofoficials will give UFAGS its office back. Student Affairs Vice-President Sandeen a Erefused to comment Wednesday, saying "the law suit threat answer will eventually come from legal By Roxerm Kopetman representatives or the courts." Because there Alligotor Stoff Writer is the "possibility for some legal action," Sandeen refused to say if administrators are Unless UF officials grant the UF Lesbian considering UFLAGS' demands. and Gay Society an office in the Reitz Union Marston could not be reached for comby noon Friday, the group plans to file suit ment Wednesday. against UF President Robert Marston and the Fishback said all the documents necessary Board of Regents, a UFLAGS attorney told to file a lawsuit have been prepared. UF officials and Board of Regents represen"We realize that to a lot of people in the tatives Wednesday. university community, this may not seem Jere Fishback, a St. Petersburg attorney like a significant issue" he said. "But while from the Florida Task Force, the state gay UFLAGS only has (about) 30 members, it rights lobbying group, said he told Student represents statistically 10 percent of the Affairs Vice-President Art Sandeen and university community. Board of Regents attorneys Caesar Naples "That's why we're here and that's why a and Greg Gleason, among others, of the penlawsuit is going to be filed if the dispute is ding lawsuit in a closed-door meeting in not cleared." 

PAGE 5

Compiled from United Press Internotional Reagan plans nuke arms talk with Soviets WASHINGTON -President Reagan, saying the Soviet Union has "a definite margin8 of superiority' in nuclear arms, called Wednesday for carefully planned talks with Moscow to dramatically reduce "monstrous, inhumane weapons." Reagan, who rejected one congressional proposal to immediately freeze U.S. and Soviet nuclear arsenals at present levels, said the United States may be ready this summer to begin strategic arms talks with Moscow. "Well, we've heen thinking that possibly this sunser wewould be ready, as far as ttur own team is concerned," Reagan said in response to a question as to when the talks may start, and whether they might include a summit with Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev. "It takes a lot of work to prepare for one of these. You don't just go and sit down at the table and say, 'Let's talk about nuclear weapons,"' Reagan said. "When we're ready, then of course setting the date will depend somewhat on the whole international situation." White House spokesman Larry Speakes said afterward Reagan's reference to this summer applied to starting strategic talks. He said decisions for a possible summit with Brezhnev for arms control discussions would be looked at when actual talks begin. Facing reporters in his first prime-time, nationally broadcast news conference, Reagan renewed his vow to reject any cuts in Pentagon spending that would hamper his $750 billion, five-year program to close what he calls "the window of vulnerability." The question of nuclear arms dominated about 50 injuries, a pro-Israeli Palestinian ofSo Reagan's ninth meeting with reporters, but ficial was injured when his Iomby-trapped be also said, "I am listening, I'm not inflexicar exploded as he opened the door. Do ble" toward suggestions of how to change his The official, Kamal Fatasta, head of the deficit-ridden $757 billion 1983 budget, Turkmiyeh town council, underwent surgery of stalled on Capitol Hill. for leg wounds and was in satisfactory condiS tion, authorities said. fin Soviet leader Brezhnev S, charge martial Sl Sovits carg marial left hospitalized in Moscow law violence increasing sho MOSCOW -Soviet President Leonidpo Brezhnev, in failing health at 75, has been. WARSAW, Poland -In a charge that tio hospitalized in Moscow, Soviet sources said seemed to take the Polish government by surT Wednesday prise, the official Soviet media said Wednes24c The sources said it was not kno dn if day resistance to martial law in Poland was but Brezhnev was suffering from a specific ilincreasing and that at least 43 people had lead ness or simply needed to rest after a taxing been killed by "counter-revolutionary fina month of public appearances. forces." Ele mIntWshitnt eartanee rtments In other developments, detained Solidarity Bus In Washingtton, the State Department sai leader Lech Walensa finally got to see his 2C it was "aware it rumitos and reports" f month-old baby girl, born following his arAm Brezhnev's hospitalization but was unable rest, when his wife Danuta visited him outdiff to confirm or deny them. side Warsaw Monday. mil Rumors that Brezhnev was in ill health The Soviet weekly Literary Gazette said rig began to circulate last week when Soviet Polish officials had received death threats bec television did not show footage of his return and that "counter-revolutionaries" and the D to the capital from Tashkent. Solidarity underground had committed '43 cas The rumors mounted when a visit by Stouth sayings since martial law was imposed in "pa Yemeni leader Ali Nasser Muhammed, Poland Dec. 13. bas scheduled for the end of March, was "The 43 deaths cannot be confirmed," a day postponed without explanation. Yevgeny Chazov, Brezhnev's personal Polish Interior Ministry spokesman said, physician, has also called off a long-planned declining further comment. C visit toi Britain but it was ntit clear it that was Ncrg asy o d rs b related to the health tf his No. 1Ipatient. wsIcaragua says Honduras b Diplomatic sources said they would beI s 'aggravating tensions' dei especially alert for his presence or absence atnDe celebrations marking Lenin's birthday April MANAGUA, Nicaragua -Nicaragua acma 21, when Soviet leaders generally appear at cused Honduras Wednesday of "kidnapp1w the memorial meeting. ing" one of its diplomats and humiliating its t ambassador in the latest twist to increasingly I Jdnai hostile relations between the two Central ch bomb Injures Palestinian American neighbors. ly Francisco Hurtado Lopez, an inspector at ac YANIT, Israeli-occupied Sinai -A proNicaragua's embassy in the Honduran las Israeli Palestinian was injured by a car bomb capital of Tegucigalpa, said security agents toI on the West Bank Wednesday and Jewish setdetained him Tuesday as he prepared to tiers streamed out the Sinai, meeting a 'board a flight to Managua with Ambassador $4 government deadline to evacuate before the Guillermo Suarez Rivas. Hr desert reverts to Egypt next month. The Nicaraguan Foreign Relations tov In Jerusaleum, British Foreign Secretary Ministry charged "irresponsible elements of mi Lord Carrington arrived for talks with Prime the Honduran army" were aggravating tenMe Minister Menachem Begin in the midst of a sions between the two nations. new dispute between Israel and Western Relations between the two countries have on Europe over criticism of Israeli policies on become increasingly tense since leftist Sanse the occupied West Bank. dinista guerrillas overthrew the Somoza fa In the West Bank, where two weeks of regime and took power in Nicaragua on July loi violence have resulted in six deaths and 19, 1979. ho mocrats fallh5 needed majority AN SALVADOR, El Salvador -The ial vote count of 1.19 million in El vadors violence-wracked elections today tthe U.S.-backed Christian Democrats 'et of the majority they needed to stay in wer and rightists moved toward a coalin-regime. 'he U.S.-backed Christian Democrats won of the 60 seats in the constituent assembly a coalition of two rightist parties could d to a majority of 33 according to the l but unofficial vote count announced by action Commission President Jorge tamante. BS news reported Tuesday that U.S. bassador Deane Hinton said it would be cult to continue U.S. economic and itary aid to war-torn El Salvador if farhtist candidate Roberto D'Aubisson omes president of the coalition. 'Aubisson, a stridently anti-communist hiered army major who was called a thological killer" by former U.S. Amsador Robert White, was second in Sun's elections. harles and Diana may uy 'haunted mansion' LONDON -Buckingham Palace nies it but Prince Charles and Princess ana have offered to buy a 26-bedroom insion said to be haunted by at least o ghosts, The Daily Mail reported wednesday Diana, expecting the couple's first ild, reportedly on her 21st birthday, Ju1, is unhappy with Highgrove, the 346re estate she and Charles moved into t summer, because it is too vulnerable the public eye, the newspaper said. Charles and Diana offered between .5 million and $5.4 million for Belton house, situated near Nottingham, the iwn of Robin Hood folklore about 110 les northwest of London, The Daily ail said. Cleaning women at the mansion insist working in pairs and often complain of being a woman dressed in an oldhioned costume and a man wearing a ng black cape wandering through the IUse. 6th Annual Israel Cultural FestivWTODAY Join us on the Plaza to Celebrate the Third Year of Peace between Egypt and Israel. 11:00 a.m. Entertainment by Tamar Rosenfeld, Israeli Folksinger, guitarist, and composer. 12:00 p.m. Ceremony with Special Guepsts Hillel Rubin, Dean Ralph Lowenstein and S.G. Treasurer Jim Freid 12:30 p.m. Mimist Sasha Nanus, and volcalist Ron Dagan 1:30 Speaker John Rothmann and Local Entertainment -Israeli Dancing Also FREE pita, humus, buttons, and balloons. RUN FOR ISRAEL Registration and T-Shirts available on the Plaza "Wear Your Israeli T-Shirt Day." Presented by UF Jewish Student Union JF 

PAGE 6

6,o)ffigciaisy, nci d drp',n1982 Off icials concede drop in. larceny rate may By Michelle Hendorson Alligator Staff Writer UF police Chief Audie Shuler's attempt to focus in on campus larcenies by reclassifying nearly 1,100 of them as "missing" reports has blurred the city's crime image, Alachua County Sheriff's Office and Gainesville police officials said Wednesday. But Shuler said his decision last year to report only obvious larcenies and reclassify the rest along with missing items reports was made "to get a more realistic picture of larcenies." The number of reported larcenies at UF plummeted 58.4 percent,from 1,591 to 579, between 1980 and 1981, according to statistics listed in the recently-released edition of Crime in Florida, compiled by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Although the new reporting policy was announced last year, Sheriff's Chief Deputy Wayland Clifton said his office had not anticipated the 58 percent drop. "I wish we had known, so we could have geared up for this," Clifton said. "Those reports have had a significant impact on all three (UF, Gainesville and Alachua County) figures." Clifton said the larceny figures -which contributed to the county's 5.5 percent crime rate decrease -are "going to catch up with us in the future years. The second we go up, it makes us look like our (law enforcement off icials') position is untenable." be misleading Despite its 5.5 percent decrease in reported part one offenses -murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary, larceny and motor vehicle theft -the county kept its state ranking as the fifth highest in all types of offenses. According to projections made by his office, Clifton said Alachua County's crime rate should have increased more than 6 percent. "I just don't understand it," Clifton said. "I wish we knew some way to decrease our crime rate by 58 percent." Equally surprised by UF's low crime figures were police officers at other state universities. University of South Florida police Chief Paul Uravich said he was "shocked" when he saw the FDLE crime reports. "Any time a person reports property as having been taken from them, we code it as a larceny report," Florida State University police Lt. Jack Hadley said. "To us, it's a larceny whether it's a book or a camera, even if they just left it sitting for a minute." But Shuler said he wants "some indication of ownership, and some indication that a theft as occured" before adding another larceny report to his files. "A larceny reptirt is just a piece of paper put in a file," Shuler said. Nevertheless, some larceny reports provide leads to persons who may have been involved in more serious crimes, Uravich said. Despite his feelings that the larceny figures Audio Shulor changed larceny reports to 'missing' reports to get a 'more realistic picture of larcenies' may have been misleading, Gainesville police Chief Atkins Warren defended Shuler's decision. "Those procedures are set up by UF," Warren said. "He's (Shuler) just putting the process a little more on the victim." Warren and a spokesman for Sheriff Lu Hindrey said they were confused when The Alligator asked them to explain the county's lowered crime rate earlier this week. Both men originally credited citizen involvement with the area's declining figures. "I was thinking about the first three months of 1982," Warren said. "I never distinguished between the two figures." Warren said he had "no problem" with the sudden statistical drop, "as long as it's explained" to citizens and no one is lulled into a false sense of security by them. "I certainly did not intend to mislead anyone by changing the procedures, Shuler said. "If I wanted to alter the number, r could have done it." Yet Shuler admits he "may have been too stringent" with the new reporting policy. "It's hard to tell (how the.UF crime reports will affect crime awareness among students). "But they certainly wouldn't be w ise to keep their doors unlocked." Reagan's cuts to affect local library services By Darren Edwards Alligator Writer Local library services will be dealt a severe blow if President Reagan's proposed 1983 budget is approved, said a local library system official. Ann Warrington, director of the Alachua Count Librars Ss stem, said Reagan's proposed eliminationof the Librars and Constructions Act, a program which has provided funds to improve basic community library services, would be "very devastating." Virginia Gregg, director of the state library system, also foresees hard times for library services. Small libraries will be ha rdest hit, she sa id. Last year, Florida received $2.7 million in LSCA lunds. Alachua County's library system received $70,000 of that total. The loss of that money, said Warrington, would mean mans library services will have to be cut back or eliminated completely, unless local taxpayers pick up the tals. The services that would be partkN cutback include: the new library branch at the Alachua County jail; the Alachua County mobile library, which serves readers in inaccessible areas; Alachua County's Toddler Pre-educational program. Grants supporting the Florida Librars Network, under which public libraries share material, would also be eliminated. This would make it virtually impossible for Gainesville's Sante Fe Regional Library to borrow materials from other state libraries. "It would be a shame to see this program (LSCA) come to an end," Warrington said. "It is a long-standing program which has truly proved its worth." Warrington has written letters to Florida Sen. Lawton Chiles and Paula Hawkins. She said she has received "warm, positive responses." The big problem facing most library officials in the state today is getting their full share of LSCA money for this year. Gregg said. Attorneys in Florida and other states are preparing a lawsuit against the federal government to get money "that is rightfully ours," Gregg said. Many libraries received onily partial funding. U -~ -,"M No%-are 11 wv 111urMembe FDIC the p4 American Cancer Society GOLDEN KEY NATIONAL HONOR SOCIETY April 3, 1982 9: Oa m Tigert Hall Parking Lot REGISTRATION DATES April 1 -Union Colonnade, G.P.A. -9A.M. -2P.M. Registration Forms Also Available at Sun Banks April 3 Tigert Hall Parking Lot8A.M. -9P.M. $5 Registration Fee Includes Free T-Shirt and Door Prizes 15 Mile Road Course Around Lake Newnans @ Sponsored By CLASSC You've Stil Got Time to Beat The Rush Do you plan to disconnect or suspend your telephone service during the spring? It so -and you already know when you're leaving please call Southern Bell's business office right away to make the arrangements. We're getting into one of our busiest times of the year, so call now and avoid the rush. Our telephone number is listed on the top, left corner of your bill. BIKE FOR LIFE Sun BanK Sun Bank of Gainesville 

PAGE 7

FVM4A SIDE-WALK SALE Sidewalk Sale Large indoor plants 1/2 price Rose special $15.99 doz. ADon't Miss Our Everything in the store Great Remodeling 15% Sidewalk Sale. OFF Great Savings on office & art supplies, gifts too. UPTO50% OFF 10 %OFF all Parakeets 3 Days Only 3214 SW 35th Blvd. Gainesville; Fl Exotic Birds, Fish and Pet Suppilies Super Specials on Flying Saucers wood items, macrame, Buyi -Get u Free silk flowers (6 paks) only Sidewalk Sales "Limit 4" (Thurs.& Frionly) Come look at our Soft Serve Easter items Sundaes Sign up now for Buy 1 -Get1 Free spring painting classes (Sat. only) KINGS KRAFTS 9 k-1CZ'S) ICE CREAM FRESHET ICE CREAM 375-7391 anb otheR panticipatinc ButeR Plaza meRchants American Coin & Stamp Ashley's Pub Cathay Tea House The Coffee Mill Computer System Resources Copy's Uniform Shop Fabric King Hair Plus Greshams Drugs The Hairbenders 251 Id 

PAGE 8

Dorm dwellers resigned to rent hike Alligator Wr~ter ADVERTISE' 376-4482 Ym cm n.wa~ane Disoor) we -dmi ca l ** YM to w Wfw" Guerenteed GnenW-bm details in course. Current meowature Sa. rental leareme $492 152 528 52 475-492 50-52 368 39 413-489 43-51 359 38 277 29 372 39 334 35 243-291 26-31 215-239 23-25 reakdt e dls.,1962 --10.5% $544 10.5% 583 10.5% 525-544 10.5% 40710.5% 456-540 10.5% 397 10.5% 306 10.5% 4t 105% 369 10.5% 269-322 10.5% 238-264 For many students, paying $50 or so extra in dormitory rent next fall is' something they must accept. But they still don't like it. Although there was little protest of the dorm rent hike when the Board of Regents approved it recently, at least one UF area government president said students should have known about rent increases averaging 10.5 percent before the housing lottery March 1. 'I was upset when people signed up for the lottery before they knew about it (the rent hike). It can be blamed on the area governments for not telling the students how much rent was going to go up," said Scott Young, presi-dent of Bcowacd Area Government. UF Division of Housing officials say the extra rent money will benefit oncampus housing residents through such services as exterminators for family housing, a family housing security force and computers that Housing Director James Grimm says will save money. The only income we get from housing is our rent. We operate strictly on rent alone," Grimm said. "So after we got all of our costs (estimates), our expense analysis said we needed about a 10.5 percent housing increase to meet our needs." Young said minutes of his area government's meetings were posted on every floor, although heconceded, "residents may not have paid too much attention." By the time Regents -the 13-member board that oversees the State University System -passed the increase, many dorm residents knew about it. Students Rom and Faculty 15% OFF With Current Fee Card or Faculty I.D I Romo Camera Shop I 1i 232 W. University Ave. 376-7637 or 375-7129 I (Nextto HolidaytInn) M-F 9:00-5:30p. m. Sat. 9-1:00 'America's Hottest New Group" with special guest Janie Fricke ICo ert Fri. -p pom. Reserved Seats $10.00 r Availableat: Reitz Union Box Office I Belk Lindsey (Both Stores) e Spec's Music Godfather's Cafe Phone, Mail and Credit Card Orders 392-1653. At the z STEPHEN C O0CONNEiL CENTER mon. *"ru T ues. at April 5 Butler PlazaN pr I stnig Miller timesMo, -Sayrve old Atoryj. love OoL(a -II 8n4#OaSSL 04 )nthe mrne n j. te19 Beer Brewed by Miller Bewing Co., Milwaukee. Wis. "Well, it seems like they really need to do It," said Karen Casson, a thirdyear liberal arts major, "but I'm not happy about it." Said freshman Ronald Jackson, a Murphree area resident: "I'm on financial aid, so I'm really trying to pinch my pennies. I understand it's for better housing equipment and such, but I'm not toofond (of the rent hike)." Grimm said residence hall rents reflect the economy. "If the recession is beginning to slow down, that should help. If that hap. pens, we should see some stability in rent rates," Grimm said. There was one protest when the Regents approved the rent hike UF requested. Forty Corry Village residents signed a petition calling the rent increase "excessive and unwarranted." "Considering the 20 percent rent increase of just last August. ..(this) 10 percent increase scheduled for July would mean that the rent would have increased by 30 percent injust one year," the petition stated. momLVOV -----------PIPS Type af room Towers Air-conditioned singlis Ar-conditionned doubies Air-conditioned triples Nan-A/c singles Non-A/C doubles Non-A/C triples/quods Co-op A/C sngies Co-op A/C doubles Co-op Non-A/C singles Co-op Non-A/C doubles 

PAGE 9

Kidnapping from page one an attempt to get help, including U.S. Rep. Don Fuqua, D-Altha, state Sen. George Kirkpatrick, D-Gainesville, State Attorney Eugene Whitworth, and officials at the FBI and the State Department. Fuqua's press secretary Bill Cox said one of Fuqua's aides worked diligently Wednesday in an attempt to get some governmental assistance. "We've spoken with the Immigration and Naturalization Service in Jacksonville, but they have no exit control in this country." Cox said. "As of right now we can't get a federal agency involved." Kirkpatrick said he was called at his house late Sunday night by Becky McDanial, who he said he has known since he sold her a house several years ago. Kirkpatrick owns a local homebuilding firm. "We couldn't do anything until we got a warrant. We've been in contact with Fuqua," he said. "But I'm still kind of upset thatwe can't get anything done. The FBI has certain rules they have to follow." Kirkpatrick said he knows McDanial's exhusband. "He's a nice guy, but he rationalizes everything. He might think what he's doing is the right thing to do because he rationalizes it." As of Wednesday, the only agencies officially investigating the case are the State -Atorneys --Offtees --n -TaspaGainesville, according to local Assistant State Attorney Johnny Yarborough. He said another agency would become involved only after it can be proven that the brothers left the country. "That's when the State Department would get into the picture," he said. Yarborough said his office issued the warrants for Qmars' arrest and asked INS and the Port Authority Police in New York to be on the look-out for the brothers, who are in this country on visitation visas. Tampa lawyer Quesada said the main problem for the two mothers is a lack of sufficient money to pay for private investigators in different countries, but that could cost as much as $30,000." Khosro and Jamie were separated a year ago, he said. A judge initially denied Khosro visitation rights because the Iranian had threatened to take Heather out of the country on several -occasions, Quesada, said. After Khosro appealed that decision, a judge decided to allow him weekly visits as long as the mother and her parents were present, Quesada said. After several months of visits under those restrictions, Khosro again appealed and was allowed to take the girl away for weekends, Quesada said. "And then this happened," he said. McDanial said she had thought when Qmars first started taking her son Kristopher, 7, to Tampa every other weekend that something like this might hapHANG GLIDING Kitty Hawk, NC April 15-18 Students $185 Non-students $195 Transportation, living accommodations ground school, and 15 flights included. Sign up rm. 330 JWRU Gator Outdoor Recreation Program CANOE THE SANTA FE Sunday. April $10 student $15 Non-students Includes equipment and instruction Sign up rm. 330 JWRU a -ATLANTIC ART REPRODUCTIONS Over1200 different prints EXHIBiON DATE: Mon. Apr 5th AND SALE PRICES thru Fri. Apr. 9th OFFMART'PRKT LARGE PFNTS TIME: 9a. m.-6p.m. $30()EA3FOR$700 PLACE: Reitz Union Colonnode To be held Sat., April 17 from 9am-4pm on the Reitz Union Colonnade. Registration for tables will be held on March 29. 9am-4pm In Room 336, JWRU. Sellers must register In person and bring appropriate ID. Tables are Vx3 (max. of 2 per seller). Student Tables $9.00 Non-Student Tables $16 For further Information call 392-M55 Reitz Union Th. 4/1 7 & 9:30pm F &So4/2.3 7 &t9sSp.m Ilk /4 SpmOnly Sun. 4/4 7 & 9:30pm k -A F. & Sat. 4/2,3 midnight AARSON GRAPHICS INC. ORIGINAL GRAPHIC ART ETCHINGS -WOODCUTS -LITHOGRAPHS -SERIGRAPHS BY OLD AND MODERN MASTERS Exhibition and Sale April 5, 11-7 and April 6, 10-4 Reitz Union 2nd Floor East Gollery U I Fri./Sat. 9 pm APRILO-10 ERAL PUKM -$14.50 TUDNT M 611 A J.W+R.U. DINNER THEATRE CABARETT" TKKETS ON SALE a Ualverslty sax Office GEN C.lMIWs UPI Ii -I a m mecky McDanIel ...stores hopefully at a picture of her son Kristopher, who was apparently kidnapped Monday by his Iranian father pen, but added that after three years the fear The brothers apparently had some business moved to the back of her mind. relationships with the Shah's regime before "It's like a dream," she said. the takeover in 1979, Quesada said. For this She met Qmars at Sante Fe Community reason, it is doubtful that the two are headed College in 1971 and they were married two for their homeland, but he declined to rule years later. out any possibility, he said. They moved-to Iran -where Kristopher -McDanial said her son had been "'very was born -forA couple of years, she said. vocal" in recent months about his objections She and her son moved back to Gainesville in to going to Tampa. 1977, she said. Her husband came to "He misses playing soccer and his American because of the imminent revolufriends," she said. "We told him never to get tion in 1979. They were officially divorced on a plane with him (her ex-husband shortly after he came back, she said. Omars)." 

PAGE 10

M*. iii,-,,t rsdv. -,es -19on minion. A tough job The hours are long. The pay is crummy. And the job tends to be more than a bit frustrating. But Steve Southerland wanted it anyway. And UF students last month decreed that the 21I-year-old history major should indeed have it. Soon it will be official. Tonight Southerland inherits the student body presidency and the third floor Reitz Union office that goes along with it. We'd like to welcome Sutherland and wish him the best of luck. He's certainly going to need it. As president, Southerland says he'll megaphone the student voice in Tallahassee. He says he'll keep UF administrators off the "slippery slope." He says he'll get more students to take an interest in their Student Government. Hmmm, we could swear we've heard that song before -except in previous years the lyrics were more clearly stated. Hopefully, once Sutherland assumes office, he'll be less vague about his goals, not toi mention his mcans for accomplishing them. Luckily Southerland has been around SG long enough to realize the king-sized obstacles that stand in his way. These include: a potentially hostile Student Senatedominated by members of the Students Unite Now party. During the recent SG elections, Southerland narrowly defeated SUN's Brian Ballard ftor the student body presidencyx san Activity and Service Fee Advisory Committee also dominated by SUN party members. These student budget-makers are the folks who hold the SG pursestrings. They are charged with diving up some $3.5 million in student fee mone; ,a UF administration that in recent months has even more blatantly than ususal ignored student opinion and projects and simply steamrolled ahead with its own plans. Recent examples include the administration's failure to support setting up an Off-Campus Association and the decisions to ban Carnigras and X-rated mov ies fIrom the Rathskeller; Poa disorganized] and sometimes ineffective statewide student lobby ing gru -the Florida Student Assciatioun -whostbsoardl oft directors Southerland now joins These are perhaps the most glaring trouble spots Southerland is bound to encounter. Unfortunately, they aren't likely to be the only ones. Like all of his predecessors, the next UF student body president will be frustrated by the' incompetence of his subordinates. He'll be lied to by friends and enemies alike. Worst of all for his student constituency, he'll undoubtedly be ignored by Tigert administrators. Still, Southerland must remember he has made a deal with the UF student body. During the campaign he made many promises-. We intend to hold him to every one. These include Southerland's vow not to devote all of his efforts to squabbling over SG politics. He promised to stake out positions on state and national issues, and has guaranteed he will make a sincere effort to rejoin the United States Student Association, a national student lobbying group, He also has said he will fight for student control of O'Connell Center bookings, establish both onand off-campus housing advisory boards and expand campus safety programs. Once Southerland is sworn in tonight he will assume a full-time-plus job as student spokesman, confidante and scapegoat. To be effective in the post, he must work closely (and cease bickering) with Vice President Charlotte Mather and rambunctious Treasurer Jimmy Fried. He must:realize he capoot change his mind or back down on positions as easily as he revised and re-revised his campaign platform. And without becoming a doormat, he must develop a rapport with state lawmakers and Tigert bigwigs. Is all that worth the $53 paycheck he'll take home each week? Apparently, Steve Southerland thinks so. We hope he's right. I --I AkSe zz"Z:, :\z s 49U. OOOL5LAZ<: I ~I MIi#M?13 pii -F sm6 -A Whitehead painted unfair picture of anti-war leaders Editor. Regarding Michael Whitehead's March 18 column "Today's students lack causes to tire them up," thanks for your amusing rendition of Gainesville's own "anti-war student guerrillas vs. the cops" adventure. No thanks ior sour characterization of the anti-war leadership past and present. In this thoroughly scurrilous and irresponsible tract, Whitehead presents the leaders of the anti-Vietnam war resistance as a bunch of opportunistic troublemakers. He then goes >n to suggest that when Reagan sends the Macinrs to El Salvadiir, liical anti-war activists will bei quick tir resume the "never-ending battle for truth, justice and compassion against the Gainesville Police Department." Fortunately, despite the omnipresent slanders by numbskulls like Whitehead, the number of vandals and rockthrowers against the war were only a small fraction of those involved in the movement. The real leadership of the movement was well aware that such adventuristic individuals greatly hindered the development of the kind of broad-based movement needed to bring an end to the war. The real leadership of the anti-war movement invested enormous sums of time and energy to the cause, not because it was exciting or fashionable, but because they wanted to see an end to the bloodshed. I can say, from two years of experience, that the leadership of today's anti-draft, anti-war and El Salvador solidarity groups are every bit as idealistic and dedicated as their predecessors. The fight against militarism is no game. The Vietnam war brought incalculable devastation to all of Indochina. More than 56,000 Americans came home from that conflict in boxes. Many times that number are still suffering, mentally' and physically, from the war. Why? To make Vietnam safe for democracy? "South Vietnam was on the side of democracy" because its rulers were friendly to Washington. It this kind of doubletalk sounds a little to familiar, then perhaps it's time to join the movement against U.S. intervention in El Salvador. WilliemT. Peterson Gainesville Ordeal of UFs homosexuals fast becoming tiresome Editen Isn't it about time we moved on to bigger and better things? The -gay ordeal" has gone far enough, and The Independent Florida Aiigator has embarrassed UF to the point where we are now more popular than a certain group of television thieves from a neighboring university. In reference to the letter captioned "Today blue jeansynbolize how cornasnpace gays are" on Monday, we'think that Bruce McCoy, UFLAGS director, has staged a meaningless fiasco that symbolizes nothing. If he really wants to feel he is part of a majority, why not declare a day for the support of gay civil rights and ask supporters to wear something a little more loud, or "gay" so to speak. Something that wi clearly demonstrate their support something along the lines of pink spandex tights, or maybe white dresms or even purple broaches -and then we can clearly se who is actually supporting this unbelievable madness. If this were done, it would take the burden off the blue jean wearers who resent Bruce's scheming tactics which make a weak and shallow attempt to prove UF stands behind him on this most distressing subject. Let's face it, UFLAGS, the majority of us have become more conservative and no longer want to put up with this. Hell, we've elected Ronald Reagan as our president and have more important things to worry about, like how we are going to afford school next year. So all you supporters of gas civil rights, please wear your pink tights and white dresses and end this bullshit once and for all. CurtO'Rourke 2 UF Mike Mulholland 1UF Harry Rozelle 2UF Non-supporters of gay rights also wore leans on Monday Editor: I am writing this in response to a letter to the editor that appeared in The Alligator on March 29 concerning Gay Blue Jeans Day. In that letter, Bruce McCoy, director of UFLAGS, said that the purpose of Gay Blue Jeans Day was for gays and supporters of gay rights to show their support by wearing blue jeans. According to McCoy, "the reason blue jeans were chosen is very simple. Blue jeans, like gay men and women, are very commonplace." My first thought, upon reading that letter and the above statement in particular, is that I will certainly agree with McCoy that blue jeans are indeed commonplace on campus. It is probably fair to assume that they (blue jeans) are as commonplace on campus as Izod clothing or umbrellas on a rainy day. Thereby, choosing blue jeans as a symbol of the showing of support for the rights of gays was as absurd as it was useless. I am sure a more mature and distinguishable means for the showing of support for gay rights was available for UFLAGS to choose. If Gay Blue Jeans Day accomplished anything, it enabled those who do not support the rights of gays to express their feelings by not wearing blue jeans, as I did. nobert J. Giganti =SA "ator Edfor: DwnoWnna rsGenera siag C.E. rb' MnoginEditor :0oe r M Op'o,. s.oosAhik News EditorDine .5,uru IBusnsomMog":Hary Monevdeo News Editor. AdornYeomans, Aduertvsc s, E,,,,,iCorey nsdeEdtor: BarryMein SPsOnEdio: etrirssis j___ ________ OpnionsEditor: TerryGodbey Published by Campus Communications, Inc. P.0 Box 14257 Universay Station, Gainesile, Florida. Office behind it. Colle Inn. 1728 W.ai Unversy Ae. Classified Ad"'s'isine: 376-4446; Retail Dispsly Adv.rtsisv: 376-4482; N01**'":v 376-4438; Production: 373-W"26; ussiets Office: 376-4446P LefttesPlc Letters must be typed OW k on a 60 charter line, dated and algne4w the author's real nome, have address and telephone number of wia not nnlaemA w I IV, UlllvuluF, IrluFauuy, UPFII 1, 1 TOL j I 

PAGE 11

.opt ons alligator, thursday, april, Abortion is selfish solution to an unwanted pregnancy Editor: I wius glad to see your recent coverage of the "Moratorium on Murder" rally and otarch organized last week against killing babies by abortion. It is good to see so many students and people of all ages turning out for the rights of the unborn child. Mothers and medical personnel have no more right to kill a child before birth that they do after the child is born. Dr. A.W. Liley, world-renowned fetal researcher has said, ". ..Biologically, at no stage can we subscribe to the view that the fetus is a mere appendage of the mother. Genetically, mother and baby are separate individuals from concep-. tion. Abortionists claim they are fighting for women's rights, but women's rights should never extend to killing other women (or men) for their own convenience, even if they aren't born yet. Let's face it. A major reason there is so much opposition to banning abortions is because a lot of people are making big bucks from it. Another reason is that people are choosing the convenient and selfish way out. U.S. Surgeon General C. Everett Koop says that a full 97 percent of abortions occur for convenience and economy. Between 375 and 400 people marched last week and even more attended the rally at the Plaza at noon. The Alligator is to be congratulated for being the only print or broadcast media in town to report that accurately. David Talcott 7116 Plenty of childless couples are waiting to adopt babies Editor: I would like to thank all the people who helped organize the pro-life rally and march on March 24. Life is a precious gift and the truth needs to be spoken. Abortion kills hunan beings. This is a violent way to solve "social problems." Killing human beings is not the way to solve problems; it only promotes a greater disrespect for human life. Life is a common bond which goes beyond differences in political or religious beliefs. It is against the natural order to kill one's own flesh and blood. Do not be misled by the rhetoric and illogical propaganda which is promoted by those who make a lot of money from abortions. Life begins at conception. Denying scientific facts does not relieve anyone of taking responsibility for their actions. Women in problem pregnancies need our-support and loving concern to Help them carry a child to full term. Babies in the womb should not pay with their lives. A pregnant woman carries a human being in her womb, not a "blob of tissue." And don't think these children are "unwanted." Childless couples have to wait an average of six years to adopt. There are many loving couples who would gladly adopt a baby. Please, for the sake of the yet-to-be-born, and for your own sake, look at the facts. Life is precious. We must speak out against this holocaust that not only kills innocent babies, but also diminishes the lives of each one of us. Trish Barnette Gainesvifeo ----. .< .I.s'.-*-f:'-. -:-. .4:,'.-'*. .-.-dto 9 ..-' N p ,.* .' fj::.-'I .' -' ''o-> .o ,.eta -.4. 'to a'. t o -*.-,. 0 co,'.'n i t -.A-PO-'. s -o'.%,-.t % I -.o. -0 to-to .-c w io 02. a v. 'Meat cleaver approach' has claimed millions of lives Editor: Regarding your recent article on the anti-abortion protest, I did not say, "killing is jvst the simple answer to abortion." I don't even know that means! What I did say was that abortion is never a solution to any problem. Abortion is simply killing. Abortion is simply an easy out, a quick kill. Abortion is the meat cleaver approach to complex social problems. How can a campus fall into outrage over Vietnas, or El Salvador, or the death penalty, yet still turn a cleaf ear to the muffled cry of a dying child? Ten million American children are not alive today because of our social insanity -10 million! We can't cover their blod with slogans. We can't evade the guilt of our rampant immorality by attempting to tar the pro-life movement with innuendoes of being "far right" or "hyper fundamentalist." Use the Bible, use the Koran, appeal to any.religious system on the planet, or, God forbid, use your own conscience. Abortion is still simply killing. You know it is. The burden of proof falls on those who say abortion is not killing. A matter of personal choice indeed! From two young people assuming the responsibility for sexual activity, all the way to nine old men making you and I accomplices to mass murder, abortion is and always will be a social concern. If illicit sexual activity is su.ch a private matter, why do we label one of its consequences a "social disease"? It is nothing less than a "cheap shot" to call the pro-life movement "fascist," "repressive," or "totalitarian" as its facile opponents do. Fascist oppressors are those who kill people. Wave your coat hangers if you must. The fact remains that abortion-related deaths have risen with the coming of abortion on demand. Weep crocodile tears for the abused child, or for the child who suffers birth defects if you must. The cold fact remains that child abuse has risen in the last decade even as abortion has escalated. The fact remains that the majority-of abused children were planned children. They were, not "unwanted." As we argue more babies will die because, as a local television news person smugly intoned after "covering" the rally last Wednesday, "abortion is still legal in this country." It was a cute ending to a 20-second "in-depth story" -but hardly the last word. Mike Braun Gainesville was there when Mt. St. Helens blew! At first, I noticed a vibration buzzing through the soles I slowly stood, when the whole top of the mountain The sun flashed silver from the fIying object and a very of my hiking boots, and I paused on my trek around the violently exploded. I was slammed onto my back by a strange thing took place in my jarred brain. I saw a southern perimeter of Mt. St. Helens to ponder the origin fiery blast, as if the furnace door of Hell had blown off its helicopter, but at the same time, some weird trick of of the tremor. hinges. I must have been knocked out, and when I came stress told me it was a luminous winged horse! One part Standing very still, I sensed an uncanny quiet. It was as to, the hair on my eyebrows, head and beard was singed. of me knew it was impossible, but that part had a weak if the firs and ferns and crags around me also listened I couldn't focus my eyes or shake the terrifying boom still phone line to my dreamy vision that actually saw a dazzikeenly. The tremor increased rhythmically, like some ringing in my ears. ing white-winged horse! I was sure my heart would snap huge animal's pulse, until the earth's agitation became like a clock-spring wound past its endurance, and I heard audible. A sound like distant thunder began -a steady, myself laughing, but it sounded far away because by now powerful thing in an uninterrupted crescendo. my ears were numbed. Soon, the ground beneath me was no longer a stiff and M 3 The gliding flight of the horse seemed like aerial ballet solid thing, but a rocking horse and I pitched forward to Staff W r na zooming sculpture of light. It soared toward me, then my hands and knees. The steadily mounting magnitude of banked sharply over my head exactly like a damned the event changed my initial reaction of apprehension to Mairk Canter helicopter! I screamed with emotion when I heard it wonderment. In other words, I was scared shitless! neigh. Then, out of the forest, stretching to a 'green blur before Something dropped from it -it was a glowing feather, me, the rocky walls of distant Mt. St. Helens began to or a broken piece of star -spinning downward like a thrust upward. Earth and boulders slid and tumbled I peered through the dust at a burning pyramid 100-watt maple leaf. I tripped and fell twice trying to down the slopes of the jagged mass, shoving up out of the dominating a wasteland. What was more frightening grab it because it was suspended from the sky on a cable crackling crust like the smoking pulpit of d buried god. than any other sight was the holocaust panorama of acres and slowly swinging back and forth. I felt crazy as a Suddenly, all motion ceased. The sharp crack of echoes of trees knocked flat! I began to shiver uncontrollably, saint, drenched in tears and caked with dirt, sweat and still ricocheted in a dozen directions. I felt the thunder tasted blood in my mouth and realized it was pouring out blood. All that matters is that I grabbed the shining swing catch and shake through me. A fat column of thick dust of my nose. And yet, I gazed at the volcano to see what and something above me boomed out a message formed a black charcoal sketch on the backdrop of pale spectacle remained, transfixed like a moise before a It was now obvious from my manic viewpoint that the blue sky. It was a sketch of a giant's armored fist. A few dragon. whole cataclysmic sequence of events was a conspiracy to stones still chased, each other down the trail on the rise An object then appeared from the gaping mouth deliver this message to me and to turn my attention to it where I stood, but this too, finally stopped. Now the created by the explosion. It was 1ois far away to discern at so that time could never rob its intensity. wilderness was lorded over by a monstrous black fist stilt first, but continued to approach the spot where I was The words I heard were, "Happ Janet Cxiki' Day! rising from Mt. St. Helens. kneeling, wide-eyed and in shock. April Fools Ya'll! I 

PAGE 12

St aaator thursday, aprT Porn ban High Springs guards religious beliefs By Ed McIntyre Alligator Writer HIGH-SPRINGS -"We feel like a small town is our last hold-out in America against what's going on in our country," the small, white-haired woman said. "And it the small town tals, what are we going to do?" The large crowd around her applauded sigorouss as she said, "I stand for small-town morality. Two weeks ago those 250 people met at the High Springs Civic Center to do something about "what's going on in our CniIetrs," at least as it attects High Springs. The meeting was part o anonco-nt in this small, agricultural community Inorthwest of Gaiesille to ban the sale of what some citizens call "pornographic and oliensie magazines, such as Playboy, Penthouse and Hustler. The Rev. Ron Huggins, pastor of the First Baptist Church of High Springs, and a leading figure in the anti-porn tight sass the magazines "are offensive to the values of the people of the community. We arnot talking about nndit per s. Huggins, charges that the magazines advocate homosexualits, adultery, wi(-swapping, group sex, masochism, sadism, prostitution, child pornograph rape and incest. The anti-porn citizens' interpretation of the U.S. Constitution is based on the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court decision, Miller vs. California, which established the principle (i "community standards" as one guage bs which a cit count or state could regulate obscene materials in its Jurisdiction. They maintain that the community in High Springs considers the magazines obscene. But, according to High Springs City Attorne, Cars Grunder, a more recent federal district curt decision declared that Playboy, Penthouse and similar publications, were not obscene under several other guidelines established by the Supreme Court in the Miller decision. So, Grunder last week recommended to the High Springs city commissioners that they not pass a local ordinance that would ban the sale of "soft-core" magazines. Florida statutes already regulate "hard-core" pornographs and the display or distribution of "sot-core" material to minors. Without an ordinance, the anti-porngraph forces in High Springs have already succeeded in getting soni-stores: to stop selling the offending magazines. But proponents of a local anti-porn law think such a measure is necessary to totally rid the city of what they see as a threat to their values and their children. The citizens of High Springs are "strong, religious-minded people," as one of them put it, and it is the religious communit iof the city that has been most active in the effort to ban the sale of the "skin magazines." Last fall the Santa Fe Regional Ministerial Association, representing more-than 20 congregations in the High Springs area, began a petition drive to remove the offending magazines from the six stores that were selling them in the city. The Rev. Thomas Gensel, president if the Association, said their first effort drew no responses from the stores, all ofi which are owned by out-of-town interests. Last December Rev. Huggins, representing the ministers, asked the High Springs City Commission to pass an antiobscenits ordinance. Because Florida statues on obsceniits take precedence over local ordinances, the commissioners declined to do so. Instead they urged the mininstrs to pursuelegal action through the State Attorns 's Ottice in Gainesville. All of the commissioners, however, signed thi Ministerial Association spetition calling on the stores to remove the Ait tending magazines. The commission also helped arrangea public meeting on March 18 ISbetween the ati-porn citizens of High Springs and the stores' representatives. In inviting the stores to the meeting, the Cits Commission informed them of the petition drive, which bi iiid-Febuar had garnered more than 1,600 signatures rom adults in and around High Springs, according to Huggins. The signers promised to bovcott the stores if the sosnot remove the Credit card convicts and 'interestingpeople Editors note: Bits and Pieces is a semi-regular column that highlights humorous and bizarre news items from United Press International and other news sources. Don't Leave Home Without it: Seven inmates at MainState Prison were recently caught after aparentl having charged personal items to a false credit card nyimtber and having the items shipped to the prison in Thomaston. The resourceful inmates arranged a credit lintworth $500 by simply calling American Express Co. The mail order company that the inmates were calling didn't ithir ito verify the credit card number, according to American Express officials. "It's not a form of fraud that we run into ver often because it's so easily traceable, says Janice Landrum, public relations manager for American Express. "We got the names of the people who were doing it right awash. About $500 worth of chocolate, cheese and watches wirs ordered by the inmates and shipped to the prison. (United Press International) What About Spanish Fly?: The evidence is apparently conclusive: drugs and herpes are killing off America's sexual appetite. That was the conclusion of the American Association of P E magazines. down. .Socio No representatives of any store came to the meeting, but points this out. several had already responded to the petition Iy removing The anti-por the magazines from their shelves. character of th "We exist to serve the particular community we operate sold to minors, in ...-said Steve Schwartz, area supervisor for the South often openly di Georgia Grocery Co., which operates a Suwannee Swifty fense under Flo convenience store in High Springs. "The action we take will Some of the be decided by the community." The Suwannee Swifty have turned up removed its adult magazines about three weeks before the Although Hi March 18 meeting. the magazinesI Majik Market District Manager Paul Field said that the where the studs threat of a boycott was a decisive factor in his decision to High Spring remove the magazines from the High Springs Majik Market local anti-por just days before the meeting. about both the "We'd probably lose more money due to ill will in the of local citizen community than to the loss of the magazine sales," he said. they lease. Two other stores in High Springs, a Jr. Food Store and the At the Marc Revco Drug Store, also were reported at the meeting to have responded to th removed their adult magazines from sale. "The major Two High Springs Lil' Champi stores did not respond to said Peterson.I the invitations, and both are still displaying and selling adult here is the mi magazines. Lil' Champ District Manager Julian Jackson in hoots." Jacksonville said he had no intention of withdrawing the "Did sou samagazines, since the petition called for the removal oft"nrasked. nographic literature." "No, replied "We don't sell any portnographic literature," he said. tected and that Jackson pointed out that the magazines in his stores have a few minute been cleared by the courts for passage in the U.S. mails. "these liberal, Clerks at the High Springs Lil' Champs said last week their about 'rights.'. business has not decreased since March 18. One clerk said result of respos she had seen a 10 percent to 15 percent increase in sales sI a God-fearingr the adult magazines. Another ma: "I guess because people want to see what they can't have," could regulate shesaid. regulate "uorn At theuMarch 18 meeting a 1969 UF graduate who owns a "I can't be High Springs drugstore, Gene PettewaN, called the Lil' something can Champ non-response "a slap in the faceto the peopiie of the man said. High Springs and the City Commission. Pettewas called for law because of a Isos mcott of the Lil' Champm stores, as well as ftor a local antiHuggins, W obscenity law that would prevent the other stores fIrom local anti-obsc reinstating the adult magazines. and Orange Cs The anti-orn citizens of High Springs seem motivated for a High Spri large yI their religious beliefs. But Rev. Huggins said it is However, at not solelI a religious issue. torney Grunde This is not the church seeking to enforce the law on the law stealth witt comnunit," Huggins told a public ise-ting last January .After Grund "We are individuals. ..who feel that immoral patterns (I magazines inc beha jior) are never private matters." Huggins said the oftenfederal district ding magazines to not upgrade character "but tear it week decided Sex Educators at its annual meeting last month. Herpes ansi stimulants such as cocaine, pot and Quaaludes are leading most Americans down a road to asexual limbo, according to some sex therapists. While high "umbers o 25to sI-ar-lds are reported to try drugs to enhance their smx lives, somc of the association's sex counselors sas it instead leads to a flagging interest it (Miami Herald) Rat Talk: Joseph Wade just wants-il to sit back and watch The Creepers, a new horror fIlick play ing at a downtown Bits and Pieces Adam Yeomans Chicago cinema recently-. What he thought was somebody kicking him in the next seat turned out to a rat nibbling on his ankle. The cinema, which at first wanted to toss Wade iut for causing an incident, will pay for the 40-year-old Windy City man's medical expenses. One nurse who works at a near[)% hospital said the rats "are running like crazy in those places.(United Press International) Nouveau Bored: For only $4,000 a year, you can be oflogical evidence as well as biblical evidence n citizens seem particularly worried about the eir children. Although the magazines are not there were charges that the magazines were displayed in convenience stores, a criminal ofirida's anti-obscenity laws. anti-porn citizens also said the magazines in public schools. gh Springs school principals confirmed that have turned up is the schools, none could say ents obtained them. s citizens who are opposed to the idea of a n ordinance have expressed their concern constitutionality of such a law and the rights ns to purchase and sell whatever publications h meeting Frank Peterson, a local attorney, he anti-porn group. ty does not need to be protected in this town," When he added, "What needs to be protected nority," he was greeted with several derisive y the minority is supposed to rule?" someone Peterson. "I said that rights should be proshould concernyou." tes later, a young woman rose to denounce godless maniacs running around hollering .According to God, we have 'privileges' as a usibility. ..You have no 'rights' if you are not man of God or woman of God." in rose to ask why, if the City Commission e speed limits and beer sales, it couldn't sography" in High Springs. lieve a town with this many citizens for 't pass an ordinance that can be enforced," "This is a bad country when we can't pass a usome other law somewhere else." agner, Petteway and other proponents of a enity law cited orginances in Fort Lauderdale ounty that they claimed could serve as models ngs law. fter investigating these "models" City Atr reported to the City Commision that neither h the sale of the magazines. her's report, and with the information that the question had been declared not obscene Iby a court, the High Springs City Commission last ot to consider a local anti-porn ordinance. ficially recognized as an interesting person. But first you have to pass a test: You must be interesting. Iris Ratcliff and Andrew McKelvey have founded the interesting people club in order to find those interesting folk who like small talk and spending money. The dues pay for dinners, theater tickets and limousine rental, if so desired. "We are looking for interesting accomplished people who must also be able to afford our rates, Radeliff said. There are from 25 to 60 current members, according to Radcliff. "We want people with a fair amount of money who are successful and doing fine socially and are simply turned on by the challenge of something like this." (Walt StreetJournal) Dear Abby and the Boxer Shorts: Carol Luke was soi happy when she finally gave birth to a child after five years of trying that she wrote a thank you letter to Dear Abby. It seems Abby had some sage advice for Luke's husband Galen: Stop wearing jockey shorts. Instead, Abby advised wear boxer shorts. The loose shorts apparently provide a little breathing room and allow for a higher sperm count, Abby said. Though some doctors say there isn't any bona fide proof that boxer shorts improve male fertility, Carol Luke says she has Abby to thank for her daughter Catherine Ann-Marie. "It was the only thing we could think of thatwould have caused the pregnancy," Carol Luke said. "I'm not going to say it would work for everybiidy, but I'm led to believe that's what worked for us." (United Press International) g FA-A-A-A--L LAk i I I 

PAGE 13

Official: 'closet majors' to be weeded out "yOreg Crekeft Alligator Writer Liberal arts and sciences majors who are trying to enter other colleges but don't meet the requirements -popularly known as "closet majors" -will be weeded out by next fall, one UF administrator predicts. Closet majors are on the roll as liberal arts majors, but are actually staying in school long enough to hike their grade point average or meet other requirements for admission to another college. Administrators say closet majors contribute to overcrowding of classes, sometimes denying a place in class to students majoring in subjects sucfi as business or nursing. Academic Affairs Associate Vice President Gene Hemp said UF's new registration process will have'a large impact on closet majors. "It'll probably clean up the job," he said. "The students will fill in class preferences and these will be sent back to colleges to check prerequisites and other information." .UF Registrar Vernon Voyles said students lacking curriculum requirements, particularly language courses, are notified by the college. If the student fails to satisfy the college's requirement within a given time, "they inform me that the student is no longer eligible for enrollment at the university," Voyles said. "I flag the student's record to prevent them being processed" when they go to Tigert Hall attempting to register. Closet majors present "both a question of philosophy and a question of overcrowding," College of Liberal Arts and Sciences Assistant Dean Dan Kelly said. "They're not making progress toward any degree." Kelly said about 950 liberal arts juniors and senior stUdents lacking the college's language requirement were told in October and February they should begin the sequence or face expulsion. However, Kelly said, "language was a small part of it. You can look at a student's transcript and tell what his (true) major is 98 times out of 100." Closet majors electing to stay in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences rather than being kicked out of school, Kelly said, have to sign an agreement that they will start a language sequence, set up an outline for liberal arts study and "promise they won't take courses in other colleges." "We don't think nursing and business students should be taking a lot of courses in liberal arts and sciences," Kelly said. But the problem, said College of Business Administratio Assistant Dean Jack Faricy, is that closet majors take too many courses outside liberal arts. To cut down on the number of non-business majors in busine classes, the college started a new drop/add policy. The policy gives priority to students who have accrued the most hours within the college, Faricy said. Before the policy was in effect, "You would come in the morning (of dropladd) and there would be hundreds and hundreds of students waiting in line," Faricy said. "That's wrong. David Swartz, president of the Business College Council, said students often found registering for necessary classes "impossible," especially if they were close to graduation. "It's not really fair," Swartz said. In the College of journalism and Communications, admittstrators decided no student with a CPA lower than 2.5 would be admitted to journalism classes. That has effectively excluded "so-called closet journalism majors," Dean Ralph Lowenstein said. But, Lowenstein said, journalism classes aren't totally closed to students from outside the college. "We have people from other majors such as business and fine arts taking classes over here and we're happy to have them," Lowenstein said. Hemp said liberal arts majors taking a large number of credits outside their college are, in many cases, doing more than just diversifying their education. "I don't think anybody's going to object to somebody taking a course in marketing or public relations," Hemp said. "But when they start taking six or seven, it's fairly obvious." "There was a lot of publicity (about the weeding out process) last fall, but it's been very quiet," Hemp said. "By next fall the problem should be pretty much in the past." prqBash '32 featuring: Th. Riff 35 Kegs Set. 9: -D.U. House $2 don. We're NEW in Town foto express Quality Film Developing! Satisfaction Guaranteed! Come See Us! FREE Color Print Film With All Processed .Color Print Rolls Mark 35 Custom Processing Albums. Album Pages.aKodak Film. Flash Accessories 2225 NW 13th STREET BUTLER PLAZA GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA 3260 SW 35th STREET 32605 GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA (904) 377-6956 32607 (904) 378-7976 3850 NEWBERRY ROAD GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA 32607 Offer Expires (904) 373-3981 our Neighborhood Photo Center" "Y 

PAGE 14

14, alligator, thursday, april 1, 1982 Profs lukewarm on U. S. Caribbean plan By am. Wkrited Alligator WriterI Three UF professors express reservations about President Reagan's Caribbean Basin Initiative, although they approve of the basic idea behindnthe plan. The plan, as recently presented by Reagan, includes $350 million in economic aid, duty-free status for Caribbean exports to the United States and tax incentives for U.S. investors in the region. It is intended to promote trade and to encourage investment into the area. The aim is to improve living standards in the region and reduce the appeal of extreme leftist groups such as those fighting the governments in El Salvador and Guatemala. "In the short run it gives some hope, but that's about all," said UF history Professor Andres Suarez. "If you look at the external debts of the countries involved, $350 million is a pittance." The countries targeted to receive U.S. aid are Costa Rica, El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, Panama, Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, Barbados and the Dominican Republic. UF Latin American Studies Professor Terry McCoy said he thinks the program would be significant in stimulating trade between the Caribbean and the United States. He added, however, that the political instability in some of those countries probably would make it difficult to promote investment. Steven Sanderson, a UF political science professor, predicted that the effect of the plan on the Caribbean would be "slight." "Most businesses that invest overseas looked a few sears ago. They're saying that there's a lack of infrastructre, such as roads, electricity and delivering capability," Sanderson said. "They also have a wary eyte for the political climate, especially in Central America." The initiative is now being debated by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in Washington. McCoy and Suarez said there was no way of knowing whether the living standards of citizens in tlose countries receiving money under the proposal would improve. It would depend, they said, on how any income generated by the plan would be distributed from country to country. Sanderson was more skeptical about the initiative leading to an increased standard of living. "It's not clear that the type of industrialization proposed will benefit significant the working classes and rural dwellers of these countries," he said. Reagan's plan calls for the development of "finishing industries" in which U.S.-made parts would be assembled by Caribbean workers for exportation. Sanderson criticized this strategy, saying "you can't step into Haiti or the Dominican Republic today with 19th century technology and expect to be competitive on the World Find an Apartment ALAN'sCUBANC SellACar free FindEmployment sme w. i. Axe. s Available Services 350 And Much Morel efref" M.b orplum Aigator q Practical livin for the mature student Renting ummer all I.e's Expensive Than Dorm Rate For Summer 914 SW' 8th Avenue. Call Carol 378-7224 WITH E --UF PLZA TOYOTA ECONOMY RENTALS 1982 TOYOTAS! WilKNSSIAL Anytime Friday To Same Time Monday $4990 Free Pickup & Delivery Economy Gas Mileage Major credit cards and cash deposits accepted. 33" N.uM e 172-74 10 SFlorida Gulf of Mexico Cuba Dominican Haiti Rep Belize Guatemala Hondurat Jamaica Nicaragua Barbados Caribbean Sea a El Salvador Costa Rica 0 Guyana Panama ZI ,VCountries receiving U.S. aid Colombia chris walton market." favored by the Reagan administration would receive some Although he said Reagan's intentions were good, McCoy financial and technical assistance. Second, the dependence called the administration's approach to helping the Caribof the Caribbean Basin nations on the developed world, bean countries "too mechanical." especially the United States, would increase. "The problems aren't all that simple," McCoy said. There Critics of the Caribbean Initiative have charged that the are things going on in the area that this administration is not plan is being used as a "cover" by the administration for senvery sensitive to. Whether the plan will generate private inding additional military aid to El Salvador at a time when vestment and provide enough jobs to make for a lgvel of such an action would be unlikely to receive congressional political stability is not clear." atproval. Suarez said the program was "helpful in its present form," The plan calls for $60 million in military aid in addition but that "this is no guarantee that the political situation will to $350 million in economic aid. Most of the military aid is change." It would be five or six years before the effects of the scheduled to go to El Salvador, the only country included in program would become clear, he added. the pldn that does not have a Caribbean coast. Sanderson also criticized the logic of trying to stop the McCoy said he thought the issues of economic aid to spread of communism through capitalist development as Caribbean nations and military aid to El Salvador should be "ignorant of socialism and ignorant of the history of the considered separately. "The extent to which the two issues region." are confused can make them mutually destructive," he said. "The idea that socialism or communism is necessarils a Negotiations and dialogue between the governments of the result of capitalist failure" is inaccurate, he said. Sanderson United States and Cuba are "essential" to solving the longsaid that socialism has on occasion had wide appeal during term problemns.that the Caribbean Basin Initiative seeks to times of relative economic prosperity. He pointed to the address, McCoy added. 1970 election of Marxist candidate Salvador Allende in The Reagan administration has repeatedly charged that Chile as an example. Cuba is supplying arms to leftist guerrillas in El Salvador via According to Sanderson, The U.S. could expect two main Nicaragua, a charge denied by both the Cuban and results rom the Caribbean Basin Initiative. First, regimes Nicaraguan governments. Ever Thought of YOU As a Career? Frankly, I was a little apprehensive about talking to you in this manner. They say people don't read anymore. And a lot of advertising is more attractive than this. But then I thought, "Wait a minute. These people are college students. They appreciate frankness." So, if you have a few minutes, I have some tree advice. It's about money. Maybe you can use some more? Well, you can earn some with us. Maybe a lot. My advice also concerns experience. The kind that shows You know. ..Spirit. Character. Okay. If you aren't interested in a ob, stop here. But if you want one that pays while it trains. ..that will test your ambition, your hust'e, your drive. .then please consider this. Most of the ads in The Alligator were sold by people like you. They do a great job. And they get paid for it. Usually our salespeople get good obs when they graduate. They also move up fast. Now don't get me wrong, that's because of their own ability. But many feel-they owe a lot to what they learned at The Alligator. For example, Bruce Matza, vice president of Neiman-Marcus said, "Many of my early skills in creating, managing and delegating were reinforced with my involvement with The Alligator." According to Ted Wittner, president and chairman of Wittner and Company' "It taught me the first fundamentals of salesmanship. It also taught me the basic advertising concepts that have been useful in business over the past 30 years. I wouldn't trade anything for my experience." J. David Huskey, senior vice president of Joske's Department Store, Houston, added, "I consider my experiences in advertising at The Alligator to have contributed more than any other factor to the business advancement I have enjoyed." rcio Carey And there are many others who soy much the same thing. Maybe you're interested in a career in advertising or business. You will learn a lot of both at The Alligator. But you wil learn a lot more too. You'll learn how to handle trust. You'll learn how to hear "no" and not let it stop you. You'll learn how to deal with people in the business community. You'll learn how to sell yourself as well as Alligator advertising. You'll learn, most important of all, yourself. Yes, you. Your strengths and weaknesses. Make you nervous? Of course it con in the beginning. But overcoming that,.steeling yourself. That's all a part of it. If you think this kind of experience is what you need, I want you to apply for our next opening. But don't wait until then. Come by The Alligator Advertising Department today or within the next few days. I want to talk to you. This is more than a job. It can be the beginning of YOU asa career. I believe that's o great career choice. I I I I 11 Mexico 14AWM Mlwl- 

PAGE 15

Irene Thompson, director of women's studies at UF, said she isn't happy with the thought of separatism. She said that in the past many of the lesbian separatists excluded not only men, but heterosexual women as well. This type of exclusion is slowly disappearing, she said, as more people begin to understand homosexuality. "I hope there isn't a (strong separatist movement)," Thompson said, "because it would be a downfall for the feminist movement if all women -gay or not -don't support each other." Every one of the six separatists interviewed for this story said they have no interest in supporting anything or anyone connected with what they consider a society ruined by male domination. Separatists say they have to keep an extremely low profile. Since many must remain in the patriarchial working world, they say they must hide their beliefs in order to make a living. The women in this story refused to allow the use of their last names, their places of residence; or details about their professional lives. Mary, a Gainesville separatist, said she finds it hard to talk about her views of separatism. "It's hard for me to verbalize because it's not a situation that's ever been spoken about before," she said. Despite their inhibitions about talking to the press, separatists can be very vocal when they want to be. And when they do choose to talk about separatism, their tone is usually negative. They have no problems talking down men. But most don't call them men. They call them boys. Inside. ----------------------Some men, she said, put women on a pedestal -insinuating that they should be perfect. When women are less than perfect, though, men tend to label them with words like harlot, tramp, and floozy -words that have no male counterpart. "That's the two-faced hypocrisy men have put on women," she said. "Women like sex as much as men do. And I think they ought to be able to do it as much as they want without having to be called tramps." Jane says this two-faced hypocrisy is illogical. "Women get raped and men say they probably asked for it ...It's like. opening a bank and saying you'd better close it or you're just asking for it to be robbed." Jane says she's not looking for a Utopia, or even a chance to get even. "I think that's the reason I'm a separatist," she said. "The only way women are gonna have the opportunity to do everything they are capable of doing ...is to do it on our own. I think if there were a place to go where there were just women, there's no question that I would go." Connie, a 34-year-old law school graduate, moved into a separatist community in Florida four years ago. Life there, besaid, has included soie complications. Since it is a community of about 11 lesbians, Connie said "I think a lot of men who are into war are playing with. toys," says Barbara, 37, a separatist who lives in a women'sonly community in Florida. "They don't think about the people they're killing. Often times when I think about tnen at war, I think about little boys with toys." J ane, a 43-year-old ex-Army officer, with four years of college behind her, saia she first noticed the social difference between men and women when she was a smallchild. "I can remember that there were different rules for girls and boys at age 5 or 6. From that moment on I resented the fact that I was not born into the group that had all the privileges. I found myself wishing I were a boy in much the same way I assume blacks sometimes wished they were white. "What I wanted, of course, was to have the same opportunities as boys." As Jane reached her teenage years, she said, she stopped wishing she could be male. "I realized that there were things about being a girl and being a woman I liked," she said. "But I still resented the inequality of the situation." She said she first realized she was a lesbian at a late age 27. But finding an alternate sexual life aided in the discovery of her hatred for men, she said. "The first 27 years of my life I was trying to get with the program -with what society wanted. I kept thinking someday -I haven't grown up yet -but someday I'm gonna want to get married. I'm gonna want to have kids. I'm gonna want to be a housewife. But that day never came." I Jane is very definite about her hatred for men, but she says she has no difficulty in getting along with them because she doesn't even care about them. It's the sexist attitude that permeates society which bothers her the most. steve madden women who can't get a man. They just hate men because they're fruitcakes.' But, you see," Jane said, "I'm not a fruitcake." Barbara was more direct. "I'm not this ugly bitch that'd never had a good lay," she said, not bothering to excuse the use of foul language something advocates of the patriarchy would have expected her to do. Barbara said it wasn't until she was 30 that she decided to become a lesbian. And she became a lesbian for some of the same reasons she became a separatist. She said she doesn't want to spend a lot of time convincing someone to respect her. "One of the reasons I think I'm a separatist is that I tried to fight the system. I fought and I fought and I fought and I fought, but I didn't get very far," she said. Although she has been fighting the patriarchy for yes's, she says she really doesn't hate men. "I really don't carry around a lot of hatred for men," Barbara said. "I do feel sorry for them. I don't spend time feeling negativethough. Instead, I take my energy and I give it to those who give it back and I feel much better." And those who give it back are the women who live in the seven other cottages that surround hers. "It's not a place," she said of the community. "It's an ideal we've worked for. Not that it's been easy. But it's been worth it." See's.P. -low pagesixteen Separatism eetlege from page one from the opposite sex. In fact, liesnick said, if people "can't cope with the other sex" it might be best for them to isolate themselves. "It could be detrimental, though, in that they wouldn't learn to assert themselves. But it could also be beneficial in that they could learn to assert themselves with women first" and then integrate back into normal society, she said. Two UF professors associated with the women's studies and feminist movements, however, say they believe separatism is a self-defeating philosophy. "When you look at separatism, whatever it is, I think that's just a big bunch of nonsense," said Ruth McQuown, UF associate dean of liberal arts and sciences and an active feminist. alligator, thursda, p6 -J~ the surrounding town does not take to them very well. The women are constantly subjected to prank phone calls, peeping Toms and rowdy residents trying to knock down the fence that separates them from the rest of the world. "We have to keep a low profile," said Connie. "It's not real popular. We're lesbians and we catch a lot of flak." Connie said the women started the community so they could "live in a space where we could try to live out values -trying to live together in a cooperative way, trying not to pull rank or have someone have power over someone else. "We're trying to bring back a kind of nurturing or a kind of caring. We call that matriarchy. It's been so beaten down, so disparaged for so many years," Connie said. Her roommate Barbara, who has her masters degree in business, said that's exactly why she likes the community. "I like the trust level I feel in a community. I feel safe. I feel validated for wholam," she said. In the community, Barbara says she doesn't have to put up with what she did all her life -men putting her down. "Most men, including my husband, put me down on many levels," she said. "You might be put down for what you look like. You might be put down for how you talk, for being too aggressive. "The man you're with may not put you down, but he's gonna put some woman down," she said. "Somebody's uncle or father may not be sexually abusive to you or in front of you, but they're gonna say it or dq it to some woman somewhere." Barbara wants it made clear that she was married before -for three years -and that she has had her share of men. She said a lot of people believe that lesbians and separatists are so unwanted that they have to isolate themselves. Jane concurred. "There's a lot of men who will read this and say, 'Oh, we know who they are. They're the ugly, frigid "Mom 

PAGE 16

Separatism cousinued from page fifteen K athy, 34, also is a separatist. But she says she doesn't really hate men. "Well, I hate men who oppress me," she said, "And that's pretty much all of them." Kathy is a lesbian and a college graduate with a degree in theatre. She talks non-stop, pausing only when she runs across something she hasn't yet thought about. She pauses, for instance, to think about the word 'hate.' "Hate is a strong word," she said, "because it means you're still putting energy into (men)." And Kathy by no means puts her energy into men. "My survival does not depend on them. I don't really hate men as much as I think they're pretty pathetic," she said. Kathy defines a woman's struggle against the patriarchy as a kind of war. "Most women have a pretty hard job because they have to survive with men. They have to survive in a world that's run by men. .It's like a story (men have) made up, and if you don't fit in the story, then they get frightened and they rape you or fire you or whatever." Kathy thinks separatism will prevail in the long run. She said it will get much stronger because "men are stealing all our assets" including the freedom to live, work and think as women choose. Separatism is going to go underground, she said. "Once men figure out that women are separating out, they're gonna want to kill us. They're gonna want to destroy us." t's highly unlikely to have a separatist who's not gay unless it's a sacrifice," said one lesbian separatist. And women who make "sacrifices" do exist. Sharon, 33, said she has been celibate for the past seven years. She is about as separate as a separatist who is still active in society can be. She lives in a small, rundown house in the remote southeast section of Gainesville. Her neighbors behind her and to the right of her house are trees and squirrels. The inhabitants of the rundown house on the other side of hers are nowhere in sight. Dressed in jeans and tank top, Sharon tells the story of how she has been moved in and out of the system several times. After getting an Associate Arts degree, she had a technical job in California for a few years. Then she decided to live out of a truck and on the road for a few more years. When she felt the urge to settle down again, she took a job with UFShe was fired from that job because "they say I have an attitude problem." She says her supervisor at UF didn't like the way she dresses or the way her shoulder-length brown hair frizzes out. "But I was doing my job," she said, her anger at the system showing. "And I was doing it good." Her most recent job involved photography. She was fired from that job for the same reason -her "attitude problem." "I can deal with men on a business level real easily," Sharon said. "But when they decide they want to deal with me on a penis level, I get insulted. My spirit gets confused. I react in a militant way." And it's because of her militant ways that Sharon is no longer employed. She says that since men won't let her work inside the system, she's off on the road again. Her house is up for sale, and she says that as soon as it's sold, she'll be off. Her truck is sitting in her front yard, packed with most of her belongings, waiting to go. She says she will roam the countryside, visiting women's-only festivals and women's communities and communes, looking for the love, support and creativity that she can't find in Gainesville -the same love, support and creativity she can't find in men. "I really don't think (men) have the ability to feel," she said. "Women have the ability to love and grow. Men are conditioned to build -to deal on a mechanical level. Ever seen a guy work on a car? Women are conditioned to create. To be supportive." She gives an example: "There's something you really need. You can't get it, but you know you really need it. Women have a way of saying it's gonna come. And sooner or later, it comes. Men can't do that. They go out and find a way to get it." Sharon says that women are the creators. She said she recently heard a story to back up her beliefs. Supposedly, she said, "Earth started out with only wimen goddesses. One got bored and created man to serve the women. They'd raise the children -they were more or less the students as opposed to the teachers of that time. I have the feeling (the men) went out to conquer things. They found the only way they could stop that was to stop the agricultural (efforts of the women) and start the industrial (revolution). And that started rape and war." M ary, a 40-year-old *rho has chalked up a number of college degrees, says she is a separatist "of sorts." She says she doesn't "particularly have friends that are men. The friends I have are women and they supply all I need." Mary has not totally separated herself from men because she still works within the system -the school system. As a teacher, Mary says the school system works on the "good ol boy" basis. "To be legitimate, something has to be maleoriented." Although she is not particulary fond of them, Mary says that she doesn't treat the men she works with badly. "It's just that they have their lives and I have mine. I don't need them. I don't need their security. I won't play their game -being a good girl, deferrjng to men in all things. "They just know that when I deal withthes, I assume the same power level they do. And that bothers the hell out of them. It bothers them because women aren't supposed to assume the same level. They're supposed to cower and cringe and ask permission to go to the bathroom," she said. "It also bothers them to discover that there are some women who don't need them. That's a blow to the ego, needless to say." Mary said she has been a separatist since "the age of about 4." It resulted, she said, from "the simple experience of being tired of being put down because I was a woman. Ilbelieved I was less of a human being because I was a woman. Then it occurred to me that I wasn't." Mary says she struck out on her own -to the point of being a free thinker -when she was 7 years old. "I didn't accept opinions or beliefs until I had examined them and then accepted them for myself." Although her professional life is not separatist, Mary says her personal life is. "I simply don't invite male energy into my life," she said. "I'm a lesbian. I gave up my male lovers a long time ago. I never found a male that could keep up with me -in all aspects. They were either an egghead or an athlete. But they were never both." Mary concurs with Sharon about men's lack of creativity. "They're all heads. Men are just walking heads. They don't have bodies," she said. "They're brains. They're mechanical. There's a creative, intuitive side that they don't use. They've all got it, they just don't use it. They have to be strictly logical, factual, rational, scientific. And it's gotten them in hell of a lot of hot water." Mary defines the hot water as war. "The fact that we're on the brink of World War III influences every assumption we make in our lives." Still, Mary said, the ultimate solution can't be separatism. "We've got to try softer," she said. "We've got to learn to get along with each other. That's why I am and am not a separatist. I don't preach separatism as such. I preach peace and harmony. That's what I teach. We can learn the hard way, and we can learn the easy way. "It's up to us." I ...u.i.e s0 Omicron o Delta Kappa and Student Government invite you to o "Reach For the Stars" with m w ith. ,,.r.v-ii.-. 3:30-4:20 Graham Concert series featuring "A Week-long Festival of the Arts" Today's Schedule Tomorrows Schedule Friday, April 2 Thursday, April 1 9:00-11:00 Positive Nuisance -Comical Entertainers, Colonnade 9:00-4:00 International Culture Day 10:00-11:00 George Kirkpatrick Building Construction, Room 127 FAC 9:00-4:00 Creative Anochronauts Mid-Evil Display, North Loawn 10:00-12:00 Conference of Editors and Scholarly journals -Politics of 9:00-12:00 Refilection hair demonstration, Union Colonnade nrneo dtr n cool orosoiiso 9:00-12 ORJonha"icrentrts. UnionPA lonnadePublishing andthe Humanities, 2012 W. University Ave. S900-1:3OGr"gJones "tccenirique Entrees" GPA 11:0011: 20 Magic Show More& Bruace Roberts Busi ness College 1 1:00-2:00 Isroeli Cultural Festival, Plaza of the Americas. 12:00-12:20 11:00-1:00 Mimes Gerry Turwey Business College. 12:00-12:30 Creative Anachronouts Mid-Evil Fight Demonstration, Colonnade and 11:00-12:00Hippodrome Theatre Performance North Loawn. 12:30-1:30 Florida Players Lunch Box Theatre Music & Acting, Union Colon12:30-1:30Florido Players Lunch Box Theater, Music & Acting, Colonnade node 1:004:00 Red & Murphy & Co. (Blue Gross Bond) Holland Low Center. 1:30-2:00 Maria Alvarez Imperial Dance Studio, Union Colonnade 1:30-3:00Conference of Editors and Scholarly journals Politics of Publishing and the 2:15-2:45 o Humanities, 2012 W. University Avenue. 3:00-4:00 University of Florida Gospel Choir, Union Colonnade 1:30-4:00 GregJones "Eccentrique Entrees" Union Colonnade. 3:30-4:20 Tencity, (Bond), Graham Pond 3:30-4:20 Rhonda JemesQuartet Graham Pond 4:40-5:30 4:40-5:30 4:20-4:40 Positive NuisanceComical Entertainers. Graham Pond 4:30-5:00 Gainesville Civic Ballet Children's Ensemble. Union Colonnade 4:20-5:0CannonbI ClCoggers 3:30-4:30 Suzzukil Players, Union Colonnade 4:20-4:40Ellalie Ifo Unmoge -African Dances to live drums, Graham Pond 8:00 Spring Undergraduate Art Show, Ground Floor SRydios adjacent to All Day Jack Southern softwear display, Union Colonnade University Gallery 8:15 Faculty Recital, University Auditorium 8:00 Hippodrome; The Gin Game 8:00 Hippodrome: The Gin Gee 8:00-11:00 Undergraduate Student Art Show Univ. Art Gallery 8:00 Civic Bullet, Dance Solo U. of F Dance Co/ New Moves Gainesville Ballet 8:00 Lawn Movies: Comedy Night, UF Bandshell Animal Houm. Theatre, Holland Law Center. Cd--~Rvn.o h O 0 

PAGE 17

Terrorism expert: U.S. has to -ready for 'Pearl HarbO*r' Oy TmmuBtlar Alligator Staff Writer The 800-megawatt Comision Federal de Elictricidad nuclear plant at Monterrey, Mexico, had been operating for two weeks in 1985 when the armed men stormed the plant before dawn. By the time the police and Federal authorities began massing outside the compound, the terrorists had threatened to dynamite the reactor vessel if their demands were not met. The northeasterly winds would carry the poisonous residue from the reactor's ruptured heart across Monterrey's 900,000 people and into south Texasacross Laredo and Corpus Christi. The United States immediately offered to help, saying a battaloti from the 82nd Airborne Division could be underway in hod. But once in Mexico, what could they do? And what would happen to the government in Mexico City that let U.S. troops setfoot on Mexican soil? The 1980s could be the decade when terrorism goes nuclear according to Israel's Sabi Shabtai, an international consultant on the problem of terrorism. And if terrorists threaten to unleash a nuclear disaster by destroying one of the nuclear reactors Mexico is planning to buy, or by detonating an atomic bomb in an American city, Shabtai says they will find the United States unprepared for a "terrorist Pearl Harbor." About 75 people listened to Shabtai's ominous warning Tuesday night in McCarty Auditorium. Shabtai, a political science professor and Israeli army veteran, was speaking as part of the UF Israel Cultural Festival sponsored by the UF Jewish Student Union. "What I can fear is terrorism going unconventional. Going nuclear," Shabtai said. "We're not talking about science fiction, we're talking about a problem that is tangible." Kidnappings and shootings wouldn't be enough to panic Americans, Shabtai said. Most Americans have already been dulled to violence by living with crime. The result, Shabtai said, is that if terrorists strike in the United States, they'll strike in a big way, and that may mean a nuclear blast in an American city. Thousands of pounds of plutonium have disappeared from the record books of nuclear power plants in the United States, Shabtai said. And terrorists have realized that building a nuclear bomb is really very simple. "If that happens, all the statistics about a few casualties and minimal property damagecan go out the window," Shabtai warned. "I don't know what that does toyou, but itscares me." The ultimate targets of a terrorist act aren't the people caught in a bomb blast, according to Shabtai. Instead, the terrorists are out to intimidate the rest of a society. "That's the difference between crime and terrorism," Shabtai explained. "If you go after somebody's wallet and hit him over the head, you aren't out to terrorize society." Terrorists have spared Iron Curtain and some Middle Eastern nations because they aren't about to bite the hand that feeds them, Shabtai said. Oilproducing countries such as Kuwait have paid protection imsney to the terrorists, Shabtai said, and the terrorist groups have been helped along by communist nations. ** Baily's ** Electronics 101 Now openat Gator Plaza Frogger Mousetrap: bonkey Kong Alpine Ski Tempest so Trap Turbo Defender Pacman Red Baron Galaga Grand Champion RAINY DAY COUPON Good For 1 TokOn Li it One Per Persn thoughtpossibe -Sabi Shabtal "It is very unlikely that a group such as the Italian Red Brigades or the Baader-Meinhof gang (in Germany) or the Japanese Red Army or the Palestine Liberation Organization is going to act against their sponsor," Shabtai said. But left-wing ideology isn't necessary to join the terrorist ranks, Shabtai said. Some are just in it for the money -that includes Americans who have contracted to be advisersfor Libya, Shabtai said. Whether for personal rage a financial gain, Shabtai said the terrorists may be just beginning to wage war. Shabtai outlined four major steps the United States must make to combat terrorism. cz educate the public: "The public has to look at terrorism as a war," Shabtai said. e "revitalize" intelligence agencies: "I realize this is very controversial," Shabtai admitted, but said, "I am far more inclined to do something now when you aren't operating under panicky conditions," se cooperate with other western nations that have had terrorism problems. This does not necessarily mean the United Nations, Shabtai said, because several U.N. members have aided terrorists. s build a counter-terrorist strike force, similar to the Israeli commando force the freed 103 skyjacked hostages from Entebbe Airport, Uganda, in 1976. Western nations wiH probably survive attacks by terrorists, Shabtai said, and not have to face anything as drastic as being destroyed. But the real danger is that they may not survive as western democracies. Uruguay had a peaceful history as "the Switzerland of South America" until the Tupamaro guerillas began a campaign of violence in 1969, Shabtai said. The government eventually cracked down hard enough to snuff out the violence -and also democracy, he said. In the United States,"once the bomb goes off,and I don't care what city or whether it's a one kiloton bomb br a two kiloton bomb, you're going to see the kind of police state you never thought possible in this country," Shabtai said. "The people will demand it," he explained. "They'll say 'Give all the power to the CIA, the FBI, and bring in the military'." "It's very easy to do away with democracy," Shabtai warned. "It's much, much more difficult to bring it back." I Irnib 15 ii: an -euTFAR-TS K> alligator MO5NWin5veam *esVsM.n.W. 5 754444 'Whether it's a one kiloton bomb or a two kiloton,bomb, you're going to see the kind of police state you never 6th Annual (UIsrael Cultural Festiva Saturday April 3.8:30 pm Israell Coffehouse Featuring: Vocalists Tamar Rosenfeld, and Ron Dagan, and Mimist Sasha Nanus AtA EPi 14 Fraternity Row 3rd Annual Sunday, Aprl4, 2:'Wp.m. Starting at FloridaTirack PreregIstration this week In front of G.P.A. Proceeds to benefit PROJECT RENEWAL town Tel Mond in Israel. Presented by the UF Jewith Student Union. .--. 777::---'. I-.1 --= ---------------------H FREE Concert Party at the RAT. No admission charge -5 Live Bands ETHM TNIONTI Fri & Sat Return of the electric sounds of 10 DA RAT'S Behind Murphree For farther Info. 392-1097 -91 5 liml &. ".I ". 1 

PAGE 18

Delicious Honey or Pepper Loaf .qesi 89* SwissCr se ."W 9 Zesty-Flavored PublxPotatoSalad. 89* Great for Sandwichesl Roast Beef .1 Flavorful American Beauty ,onw m fthtdq V=ftcfpft e our Ham .4"0,1w890 Mi G0aPubg. yougoquyphotophMcessng, Great Tasting! s-Miioi.rphoso re. inaddio, wM i Cheddarwurst.7 $24 M y ro cowrgamnPUlix deels, yougMttwo Ready-to-take-out Southern """"""""'naanwesoroacolo~pr inna". Fried Chicken. "'$370 qIIw Plain or Seeded Jewish Rye Bread. k 79* Fresh-Baked Dutch Apple or Apple Pie.,r Hot from the Delil Beef Stew .E 27 Macaroni & Negaves. Cheese. $in snow Iseatw~ FW96 e~ham i Mt 1Pablix thi THURSDAY special coce uAI 7 I WUDPM5AY APCL 7, CM low. CLOND DAI R SUDAY Mazda Corn Oil Margarine Quarters. ', 79* Mrs. Fibert's Golden Quarteg, Margarine ...: 55' Non-Dar Whipped Topping, R ddiIp .994 Dairi-Fresh Cream Cheese-. 69* Sunny DegtFlorida Citrus Punch. 89* U.S.D.A. Choice Beef Boneless Shoulder Roast .7 $2 T H EPL ACE FO R H E AR TY CH E E SE Kraft hidividually-Wrdpped Cheese Food -2 Sliced American. 1 Sie1 Kraft Sliced Big Eye Swiss. s Waconsin Cheese Bar MWid or Medium Cheddar, Mozzarela or Colby Halfmoon $IS Long morn. P 1eBreakatone Ricotta Cheese .S 149 Camembert or Brie Gerard Cheese. $S149 THEPLACE FOR SEAFOODS Seafood Treat, Frozen Turbot Fillet .7 *249 Seafood Treat, Frozen Smelts. $140 T HE PL ACE FOR Q UA LITY M EATS Boneless Beef For Stew.7 $1" Sunnyland Meat or Beef $I Jumbo Franks. $14 L.es Palm Rver$1 SlcdBacon ...s Kahn's Meat or Beef 9 $ SlicedIologna. k. Kahnno sgradded pk Kahn's Braunschweger. .$119 Kahn's Meat or Beef 1-6. Jumbo Franks ..I" Swift's Premium Regular, Garlic or Beef Sliced Bologna or1,.$1 Cooked Salami. .16 Swift's Premium Sizzlean or Firebrand1 Brqakfast Strips. ,. $1" Hishire Farm Smoked or Polish ausage .7 1 Rath Daintees. e $2"2 Jones Minute (AN Varieties)S Breakfast Unks. ip k 1 Tambse i Cheese Piz"a Kits .3p*ko 259 I T HE PL ACE FOR PRODUCE Zesty Yellow CookIng Onns.3 59* Tender, Fresh Asparagus.7 $1" Slightly Tart Apples. 3 b2, 99* High in VItamIns A and C Cntaleupe.f F ,orsJuicy, Sweet Seedless Whitb Grapefruit .B 8b;,$129 Floia Juicy, S wet Sdss Red Grape fua". 8 Z; 139 Low in Sodun Florida Yellow Squash .7 39* Florida Fresh, Crisp Carrots .2 b 49* Florida Fresh, Firm, Green Cbbage.7 15 Florida Crisp, Green CCuuIbers or Peppers. 4 89 large Size), Tasty 739P Florida Fresh, Crisp Endve or Escarle .39 "Marie's" Brand Ranch Dressing .'1'0 PF 

PAGE 19

I99 Aist semO.O,, Beautltutlae 1lah Areca P ans.t* 12"e PUBLIC RESERVES THE RIGHT TO LIMIT QUANTITIES SOLD -FINE WINE Gallons Hearty s.7-02-s Burgundy Wine. b.t. 39 __________~rEusa,7~[I Make eming fn hfom Got Veluen 10 $ 4 Got vok n I1 thie Wek for Just neswb% III O&.WRA BONUS BUI Assorted Flavors of Sealtest lce Cr am .' Sealtest Coconut, Orange or B Ten Plus Bars.p Nabisco Sugar Heney Grahams. Nabisco Nile Wafers. Publix Special Recipe Thin 2 WheatBead. Assorted Flavors of Jell-O Instant Pudding .2 Star Reai Chocolate Morsels. Viasic Kosher DiNs.3 In Syrup or in Natural Juice, Slic Crushed or Chunks Dole Pineapple. Assorted Flavors of HI-C Drink .C Giad (3-Mul) Trash Bags. Fabric Softener9 Downy. Whitens Ciothes 121 Purex Bleach .b i THIS AD EFFECTIVE: THURSDAY, APRIL 1 THRU WEDNESDAY APRIL 7, 1982 CLOSED SUNDAY. F 10o( OFF I! With This Coupon ONLY Maxwell House Reg. or Elec. Perk Coffee 1-ib. can (EffectiveApr. 1-7. 1062) of e 15* OFF Po's -~e With This Coupon ONLY $13: i Dole (6-pk.) Pineapple Juice box 129 8-oz. cans (EtcU iApr. 1.2) 2* *119 onnnnaonaaa lot50 200 OFFP r With This Coupon ONLY O." 79 Era Liquid 2-*,. Dtergent pkg 990 6"-z. bot. 2.(Effective Apr. 1-7, 1062) j*a99* ed, 00000000#0000000oo o ca* 690 15* OFF -With This Coupon ONLY ca* 690 (20t Off Label) B-t $199 Fresh Start Concentrated Detergent 20-oz. bot. Il02 Effoctiv Ap. 17, 1062) o. 90.s. Guarantee S000or.wHo 08rs Eaw m. Ian 10y .E )m 900 p. bem. ft .W 5h id fullpurchasepriceo wilbe C Mody = 7h o r 41.d.m8 sow i mel e e ft &wyedPub"ilx Store Hours 8:00a0.m. 101N.Min St. til 900 P.M. 322iSW. 359h 51d, Monday thru 4115 N.W. 16th Sivd. Saturday Closed 1i0 N.W. 13th St. Sunday 12s S.W. 34th st. THiS AD GOOD *T THESE LOCATIONS ONLY: ............-.I ............ SAW. Nere'hOi walks: -i 1. .R08 W" P w .roft LDE ftLD MiLDOR HOT0 me .VLANC W0TnsCLOTHES ST"RREAL Breakfast 2.0it0 Mft vsWW. fPOeoAg5ORT3DPAVORS ~JCCRUARW Keeher -kf~ --AS Palkon CH.",DOW .Kodhwr PurOX C awit c Sausage Pisapple Dis Weach Morses Grade A slw* o 6 A 0.a ON46-oa. can f o m -..e 2".a2-OLJr12-. os t12-g. Mp. Large Eggs o 0 08 ;.;*80 .1".g. *". "so~. ..eP n Mgo l". .p P w 0 aW pi THEPLACEFOR THE PLACE FOR GROCERY ITEMS FROZEN FOODS MinitLlteBurgermaker Charcoal. bag 225 Pizza Patties .Pg.$439T Maxwell House A.D.C. or Elec. Perk PDownyflakeT Master Blend Waffles .. Coffee.";an 4'A1ez. 6 pack sRegular Dinners .-* 69' $1.19 + deposit Honey.2. .205 .Southland's Regular Cut or Gulden's French Cut Brown Mustard. $;-107 Green Beans .2*'O79* Sun Giant Old Milw ukee Raisins. o. $139 100.1 U, Cream of Chicken -*b*1FROYEN EFBeer Campbell's Soup.*a. 394 High Liner (BUY 3 GET 1 FREE), Perch Fillets.p 17oz. cans Deodorant Beauty Bar Golden Fleet Peeled & Deveined Regular & Light Zest Soap. a */1" 1Shrimp Pieces. $519 $1.59 ( e ) Alachua County Only SI.4 UNDFRWOOD", F-NZ 3 

PAGE 20

I I I. I I .1 I I I I 'I I I BACK W LEADERSHIP RETREAT Sponsored by Office of Student Services WHEN: SUNDAY, APRIL 4, 1982 WHERE: LAKE WAUBERG TIME: 8 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. TRANSPORTATION + MEALS PROVIDED FREE Three Topic Areas! I. Leadership Development II. Personal Attributes of a LeaderI III. Strategies for Leadership *Worksho) facilitators will be UF faculty, staff, and students *Open to all black undergraduate and graduate female students. *Sign up at: Career Resource Center, Of f ice of Student Serv ices or t he Institute of Black Culture Deadline April 2nd Irv 12 noon. SUNDAY; APRIL.4 "Come Find Out What Makes You A Leader" Gator wood Apartments The Finest In Apartment Living For University of Florida Students Now Taking Reservations For Fall Spacious & comfortable One and Two Bedroom Apts. with Patios or Balconies. Gatorwood can be your Home away from Home. Call To See Models Today 373-7579 2337 S.W. Archer Road zw, ari IV t AAO% SUIT CLEARANCE 20-30-50% OFF H. Freeman, Deansgate & other quality brands RODERICK'S Classic Clothing for Ladies & Gentlemen Fine Shoes and Sportswear Monday through Sat. 10-6 'S"Plio 3 s2 s.th .Yelalow .g .-s C'eksde Mal 3501 S.W. 2nd Avo. 0 37740"2 I I -.9mob.-A I T 41W!,musq a l1,Io IV 004b*.%.o QWO#4" Q004motobo Q004ft" emo*" too4b" Qto4k" ew~ Quo" I I I I I. I I I I I I I A 0 $770 million wil be available for the spenHouse--offers to ding plan. Gov. Bob Graham likely will call a third mX 'Plan special session -on the insurance code, the m end, t XoON Equal Rights Amendment, and a package of to satisfy S Ae08 'cri-fi ghting bills -forthe following TALAHASSEE -House leaders offered Shuttle astronautss Wednesday to guarantee substantialiproper-Cal ty tax relief If the Senate will split revenues'C umbla In from penny sales tax hike evenly between the state and local governments.ccondition' Senate leaders, for the mossMent,.anyway, WHrrESANDS, N.M. (UPI) -Astronauts stuck to their position that only $177 million Jack Lossa and Gordon Fullerton caught of the $770,million go into the state budget upon their sleep in Houston Wednesday and and most of the rest go to the cities and counengineers said the space shuttle Columbia ties for required property taxrelief, finished itseight-day flight in "terrific condiBut they agreed to study the House profion.". posal and said they are gratified House George Page, chief of ground operations members appear more willing to enter into for the reusable spacecraft, said the damage serious negotiations than they were lest week to the ship's 30,000 heat shield tiles was when the regular session came to an abrupt much less than experienced on either of the end, first two flights. House Finance and Tax Chairman Steve "In general the vehicle looks in terrific Pajcic, D-Jacksonville, unveiled a plan that condition," Page said. would .provide substantial property tax The spacecraft did lose 38 tiles during its relief, but still allow the state a 50 percent March 22 launch, but Page said an inishareof the sales tax increase money. spection showed virtually no damage to the The proposal also would enable local spacecraft's structure. governments to have substantial new "It's a time when we grade outselves as revenues and still reduce or, at least freeze at well as the flight," said NASA spokesman last fall's levels, property tax collections. John Lawrence. "They'll go through and If the Senate were to go along with eargrade the flight -how things went. They'll marking $385 million of the new sales tax be grading their training to make sure they money for the state budget, it likely would were trained for the problems they faced." insist that part of this money be put in the At a mid-day briefing at White Sands, working capital reserve fund or spent on onewhere the Columbia ended its longest and time construction projects so year-to-year toughest mission in space Tuesday, project state spending doesn't grow by that much. officials reported that all 12 bees carried Pajcic has indicated he would agree to aloft on an insect flight experiment died' restrictions on use of the status' 'take of the I I in orbit and one ifter landing. sales tax hike money. ' All the moths and houseflies came back A hey element in the House plan is a alive and were flown to Houstonfor study by phaseout of the optional property taxes. Todd Nelson, 18, of Rose Creek, Minn., the available to school districts for construction high school student who designed the experiprojects. The special tax of up to $2 per ment. $1,000 of assessed value was imposed by the Page said he still hoped to launch the ColLegislature two years ago and is scheduled to umbia its fourth time Jine 27, but said a firm run through 1984. launch date decision must' await an assessPajeic proposed phasing out the tax beginment on how many additional tiles on the ning next year, a move that would provide at shuttle need to be strengthened. The least $30 million in property tax relief and preliminary estimate was that the 1,100 of probably a lof'more. the ceramic tiles required strengthening. Some of the sales tax money that senators The Columbia, which had'accumulated want for property tax relief would he freed 5.8 million miles in space when it landed at for state government spending. New Mexico's Northrup Strip, is scheduled A breakdown in talks over distribution of to be ferried atop a NASA 747 to the Kenmoney from the penny sales tax hike and nedy Space Center April 7 for refurbishing over legislative realplportionment forced the for its next flight. Legislature into a brief special session last The top priority for the astronaut the reFriday and a second one that began Monday mainder of this week are meetings with and is scheduled to run through April 7. George Abby, NASA's director of flight A conference committee on the $10 billion operations, who along with ground-based budget and tax increases was called back to controllers and instructors will go over the work Tuesday afternoon. The panel is Columbia's flight plan. meeting mostly in subcommittees, with the A1aby, during the debriefings, will help most important subcommittee wrestling with determine if the objectives of the shuttle's the penny sales tax hike. third flight were met. Later, Lousma and The other subcommittees cannot reach Fullerton will hold more detailed conversafinal agreement on the state budget until the tions with individual ground-based flight tax subcommittee decides how much of the teams. 

PAGE 21

Classified Advertising WORKS! s 37 -4446_to INA'SNOO PULTZER 1 Arces Lorgest Selection P LT E Quality used Furniture PRIZE-WINNER 818 W UniversityAve Lite-Lyons We Spy Furniture Realty & Investenns, Inc. Behind Toco Bell Augustus L "Skip" Uttle Broker-Presidtnl ~"" apre--h A Comedy/Drama by DL COBURN 34-year-old Florida Gym suffering from neglect, deterioration 5y Jon McKenna Alligator Writer The Florida Gym has seen better days. Since the O'Connell Center opened more than a year ago, conditions inside the 34year-old building have steadily deteriorated, according to faculty members with offices in the gym. After urine in the gym stairwells was not cleaned up for several days, health education department faculty members requested better maintenance from UF Physical Plant Division. One department administrator said the urine created a stench that drifted down to her basement office. The gym was built in 1948 for UF basketball games and other sports events. In recent years, concerts have been performed there. Now, with the O'Connell Center completed, the gym hosts only an occasional guest lecturer or intramural sports game. Some faculty members say gym clean up has gone downhill since -Physical Plant janitors switched from a day shift to an eight-hour night shift at the year's start. "From late December onward, the coedition of the building has gone down," said C.A. Moore, general physical education department chairman. "There has been an accumulation of dirt and debris in classrooms and we once went without toilet paper for two days." But UF officials said the gym has not been neglected by cleanup crews. "Custodians are given detailed task assignments and they should know how to do them," said Tom Nycum, Physical Plant director. "But if they have a question or problem, there is a supervisor in the building the entire shift." While overall campus cleanup has improved, Nycum said there are bound to be some buildings that aren't as well kept up because workers are getting used to a new schedule. Another problem in the gym are the transients who sleep and shower there, according to health. education Associate Precfessor William Nuetzel, the gym safety coordinator. UF Administrative Affairs Vice President, William Elmore said UF is planning to install heavy-duty doors in the gym as an additional security measure. Nuetzel said some of the health and safety hazards include: & steel plates ripped from the edge of stairway steps making footing dangerous; -handles ripped f rom doors, leave ing jagged edges. Scoe have not been replaced for two years, he said; -a 30-foot stretch of dirt and debris that was left sitting for several months in a gy m hallway; -shoddih Iuilt chairs that rock under the weight of a student. Although some of the ireboard panls fatting from the ceiling over the Iasketball court are now being replaced, a gaping hide with panels leaning downward show that debris is still falling. Some faculty members at the gym say they feel the building has been overlooked because of the increased attention given to the O'Connell Center. Elmore denied the gym was being ignored. "We revarnished half the gym floor anhd are looking to improve security,' Elmore said. "Cleanup hasn't been cut hack to m knowledge." A NEW GENERAllION OF JAZZ 1,Is BORN! The Record Bar proudly announces the birth of a new jazz label, MUSICIAN. Nine new releases including a previously unavailable recording of the giant, Charlie Parker, plus All-Star recordings by Freddie Hubbard, Lee Ritenour, John McLaughlin and more. All nine are on sale now at the Record Bar. On sale through April 7. 6.49 LP/6.99 cassette JOHN AfrL GHIJN r_ ERIC GALE BLUE HORIZON MIl eh4L% W.\I) 14 q & 4 4 A ~lN 4'41 t sA 9IstiscoA" j tn. i tasura TK LEKI Stop by msufaammu register t awfsamm" of "Musi UU I (No purchaser WIIEunmuumA On sale t Bw im 49 CLP/ The Oaks Mail Chw4w "UMe"s kmftmdw mmewwwwd towr wmft the Record Bar and to win a free copy cans Guide, Vol.I" necessary.) through April 7. msetteA -1 .iDave's Mobile Automotive Repair This Week's Special TUNE-UPS Most Cars 4-cyl. $29 &cyl. $31 t-cyl. $33 Includes parts and labor, setting timing, adjusting carburator. I'll repair you car right in your driveway or wherever you are." 3T-5610 Florida Gym fireboard panels are falling from the ceiling, forcing custodians to sweep for several days to clean up, one faculty member says 

PAGE 22

.-------------------SAVE CO SAVE SAVE SUGAR COFFEE. ICE MILK 5g c $189MI Ther1s a nw game in town. 33ZFP P0FPZ DIBN Pages YOU CAN'T WINGet your F YOU DON'T PLAYTo VY, MS AS OF ARCH 24 1962 Gift Catalog WIN 1 IN CASH THURS. -WED., .1 APRIL 1-7, 1982 0 U64-Ncm $ NED m PmD 16sCMN AY. FUn -T CI L K1 RA sr.swFM.,aIa. ICOCKTAIL V -.CalquTmm~ 5 A HI A GRAPEFRUIT JUICE CAN C my "DIS. CAN @ LNCHEO MEATE.I. 1 CN b& CA "O, mo "It C"UN NAJN <c CIIAVBEANS 4CmTwe "D s T m 0 F"Is N UN CATBALLMUHOSIX.CNK F UA BAUTTHPRC.CA GA CN I1TMAD RENBEN ( RACEOLI PECEALWIENERS kV ERId ECMIAL CTOWESWEE. 9L E D N I { $5 99 $ 99 $Qc 9$9 $ 99c TOR1. ..9E imiliiiK ....C S PAK *w*1*0* AL*C*U B~ir~itl ER OA AL A S W|N ..P.US ,OOM SAV~tEN E 3.0'. PO99S T 5m .MRS .il .a COO YJRALE AUEFRU.ITY. 9 C R.CON. ..u -.QUIC -UCE PEBBELES$m SAVE UP TO 24,S AVE 70ec G6EYSPECIAL--SPEi UPRRNDSPEED C I REPRNT ICKUOITSOLMIAUKRECTi ASTOR OI. .,L REPINT ONY 1AMY. 90.0 C .'J" F R UI D. .....9. M Z ANG WMC A C EE E IAe e MEK LL F DEELS 6 $ 'ADO A5E SOF M K .C'10 PK R M U G ..69" KUF 'y KLEEWEXER-ORAT 2 Az.OW DID ISH.12 $ TBEAGTSSE E EG UNNS U. CHUN TUA .c' 7 9 s.89c CAN 2621 Hawthorne Rd. 3441 W. University Ave. 3503 Archer Road 200 S.W. 16th Ave. 130 N.W. 6th St. 2500 N. Main Street 

PAGE 23

221 Ilwthorne Rd. 3441 W. University Ave. 3rnArd'.r iqd 2W S.W. '6th Ave. 1 LW.b Sam t. 25W. NMain Street WE'VE GOT THE WINNERS! SAE 27,965 PEOPLE HAVE PLAYED BEEOPLE BINGO & WON SO FAl $1000* IN CASH. .SO FAR SAMMY JONES RICHARD A. CONNEL SANDRA PAUL BERNICE SNEED RENEE L. ADDISON HELEN KOEHLER ANNE B. GUEST CAROLYN MARIE BRANDIES WALTER ROBINS, JR. TERRI A. FOSTER JUANITA JOHNSON RUDOLPH C. DEESE SANDY SAPUTO JOAN MAHONY SYLVESTER BOWEN JR. EVAL BELLE PALMER REBA BLOODWORTH FRANCIS GRIDER HOMER L. MARCH J 1000 IN CASH ...SO FARFPEO Y.SA AANN OT rFRED ARME KRUTHILARM NRUM MRGOCAGRAY Y L.IROSAIE IS.SNORMANKEN MARY POLCMORS ILL ETY HARELSON AY CUNIFF JUDY TONEENDURNW GRRUS CAR PAINS ERTE DELUCA ROARATMIL YON WX OME P. CRAWFORD JAMES -ACALE LAURLG"BSER E JAE ERLYLAURifY CASSANDRA YOMAN CARL CREWS DANA PERMENTER LINDA RSHIMG KATRYN CARIGS CLIA JOENON MA INDA LOT LEONA SUNNT MELODY ICS JUITH WAICII GEORGE VLMISAN MREMEN MAELS CLZVINGEE MZ AL AR SON L A TURNER ELZAET JENSO ATONY WHALERS Y R INARDON ISAELLESMONS NORMA CONTE MYLEA. FRIES LECY ORSEAUX ARMSPALL MARIN AY JR. .EL" CESER ROERT .NINE MS. RALP THROWER CRISTNEAT JEANNE HUNTER MELMA GREEN EA AIS RUY AES JARN STT SHIRLEY KATES KENNETH SMITH 05155 WALER TONY 55jpFRS TERRY TIEYNI MAONA MOSLEY WLLIAM TORENT LOSRE PILGER ROET A GRANT SRE Y= CEL LINDA HARS PRICLLA TANER MN. ED CEMY CARLS SWIM USIJAMIMISMITh SKAYS WITAER MARY SEE INNER LORETTA CREN DOROYYELES S OE A. UMNON R111.1E31M. EAY OISSIE MAE ALLEN JUNG CUMMIS ATONY SM CORELL MIONAMSNN MARGARET MILL STPHANIE ILL. EARL CULNERS JAMES LEE WISON ELZASEYG MCLAAEAN EVELYN ANER ELAET HUTION gem SEY E JERNIA WANA STRLNS SIRLEY LONG MCHAEL S WOOD AROL NICOLSO LEON MRITER MAST LIDA RASTLY ERNEST JIFF BROEOSURN SDONAL HERRIG SE PAGE & CA. NEWMAN J S. HERIDON KENNETH CRAY RK"EAEYET 40,000 TOP VALUE STAMPS SOD FARE He"MEALY PEIOS LUA SS mms LEMENTS P N.JJON" WILSI MARNNMUS ECHAEMN iMNL JCKSN CARENEIR DISTOIRLE A. RAUNNEMA MI CENREE L. SIRE N SUMEERAN= A IR LNA POERER RSIE AMULLSI US LLAN LLD NSINUSSRLL. INN. NNANM R HODISEMK CUTHBER NY SNTPRUW RgRN PUIRIS ESNS MAool" MEMER MARY DSE KOMES OSEYLL .EIECARI NACYSAROLL. MOLARE ST MlANMEN MU PPSYOEEIS J P.OOnE wigELY alowSO RT?? 5*555 RNOWARE SMECA SNN SAIM AE UELYT CIAMM= EDRRNY RIa ESNLSMN S LUARE -JAME E DANA E "U PH LCKF m CAL TM DA MON mom. n oE HALE S 0 ILLONR PRCESGEPITTJAIN EYLY ASMALIMEPLY CUR. -J I W RNWELL. OLE 9sI S .ITA MASURSISEDAJOA N NE ALE LAMM ER RRMISEE KARL MENALL JUTCESPOXT JAN COLIN IRGINIARAIDENRN JUININTOOLE"R JAM SS" ANM LNITNt NS. A. K L EATS MRISSNYTCOOPER EN N JUG SMLL ELON M MER OSNE ERRAW LESANRM BotGJAMNoSIANE vsOAN AM5HUTTN NTY SEUAY FLSOKNEDIRME RAUALLKSITTRSKSIUMETA USLESLEOSIR MNLL RUTIEAMARPR ALM TAYLOR LAIMR.EAl. MTISR MES I.LLANTMILYPINlES WNIE TRM ENNET H SA ..JEANETT$P NT3INLCA PATON HEENLJASONS LARA LARIII MRY a". L0,U &MARAAJ0 E 4 ITrmLAIN AmA S VALET CHRLTE IRmUIRI CALYNJSIITFRS MARY A ULLPAUASNRAAMMOC EM U M OPM RNE NSA GARET MALNRMO N W SNDL SERIES InEYSUEs LC N AIERSON JAETSEANLLDCANEME CLRMA EI INY NOMATAYLER RU1N11AHOLMEU ALCE SANE MUSE LESISM LANDEVEREAR LUIJOLINGOARSM NESMALAWNDAORLOENE*SW"INUR MTO MAISIL. LOTS COm TR IBMSNR UPPOREMNESS ARY INYN WN=RMEJANS ELUNSNIT aPENSION SANNKA EN SINY RARCIESM"ANDEN JA9S P.SGNY J.IL AKSG IS. RERYCAWSP ILIJA MATOS C ILPRINKME I MESUIIN NAL SAMNIN DINE MNI AEGmmRSY SU OUNEUSILOSO MARGARET CSIIERN LOIA SR0I.RISSIY (HNMR ARAMMNER0. CVAL L LNGLJA PRICES GOOD THUS. -WED., APRIL 1.7, 1982 ( D-WD BRAND USDA CHOICE -PINKY .I.RDU A ICKEEORN BONELESS BOTTOM FRESHEECD SMOKED. HAMS ROUND STEAK PORK LOIN SHANK ~L d PORTION n cl$ 9 1 9 .u ~qSAVE LB.RTO s.I 13L.SAVE 4OcL. WBR AND ~NSS4WD USDA CHOICEop BRAND BONESS SLICED rUEREADcb HARVST PUSH CHUCK ROAST COOKEDHAM*EFUICEBEL PERSF ORANGE JUICEE BELL Ffm Is .S. .6 ."LLO 9 9 ". .HARVEST FRESH PRODUCE W-D"BRAD USDA C E JEWA-Ma. IR OSM AND USA CHOIC S EWELSS AMNISYNUE CAFOM Rosm '. $2 1 u" Im Plm ..$10 -0 MASS501" CHOICE EO ECNY~iUCUT SARII!SN"MR w cHUCK HRAST.S.I -r H WSWTOMTOS .2.StE OLSNAM A CHOIEINET ROSEDSOE HASM IRmim SNOM TI .2" FRERPARTS INNERS m11cAMSE. 2.=W W0OBM AII5MCJICSAMR BONELESS 85 .2Ea.NS "" W MAT ...$1"". ... ORNS.UT.,$14 SD NICTN)IM A I IVAAIOEIETVL SNRT=.$11z POTATOS. =P wS FROM THE BEEF PEOPLE IO FOD baums aremmese CTimP eUN $MAILlEERYWAM. W $I GOURMET NNMAT dkuM POTATOESA. $ INS CAIIIEIPIOII.PIZZA OT PIES inusnc. Z"I 

PAGE 24

a 5 K -CL r ygCCHU U -' I IEsLT a Seiko a TeCcUMA a C o lEs SIuSAVM KE 9rLu s uS eVi o MSK o jET Fiesis e S 5oimL aoores 0 GLWVIES .LO BOOKS9 0 TEXT BooKo sL.ATe.* ya April 6 ALENYS IC AND TRAL .o ( MN.wJ-ri. 9-7 94s. a t. i.373-9Z435 sat."-6 AMSC present SNLAII CRNII The Sunlanc SAMSON w lives of the )O, Center for .service org 0, Florida. anc ticipate wit from jazz m People with what THE S are all abou APRIL 3 IN Is ID UA I,----I m A 21BYm4376-4482 ill'. -~ '1 ~ Alibi -3334 W. University Ave. Cin City --1611 SW 13th St. d Carnival is an event sponsored by Lamplighter -One NW 16th Ave. hich brings a little sunshine to the sidents o the Sunland Training +-Beat the Clock the mentally retarded. Social and Inizations from the University of with 104 drink sd Gainesville commUnities parh forms of entertainment ranging starting @ usic to a softball game. 8:30 h the will to help people. That is S UNLAND CARNIVAL AND SAMSON Specials good A C City & Lamplighier only tt. Ladles never pay cover at RiG DADDYS* 9:30a.m. A'*i'--'e-m-s'-t + + W W AgCe +++** r -r -r -XC --'IL7 -'1 -1 ----------Z% -2o7.--a---ty----sh hi her head down, ap-parently deciding Fauly as.9 SYsteM what to do. To the a7 azement of her students, she began the leci re where she had has UF law students leftoff. This brought another round of laughter from the students and even got a smile out of steaming and fuming Dunn. She then cancelled class for the day, 10 minutes early. Alligator Writer "I was pretty shocked how she kept going on," student Laura Weiss said. "It sure took The cooling system at the UF Holland Law my mind off economics." Center is on the blink again and some law "It got laughs out of the students," Dunn students and officials are hot under the collar said. "The whole thing is just silly." because of it. "I've never had this happen in a class The cooling system at the law school west before. This is my first year teaching here. I of the main campus has been broken down hope it doesn't happen again." for about a week. High temperatures have Streakers appear on the TV replays about forced students to sit closer to doorways and twice a year, Olinger said. outside to do their studying. Electric fans The streakers are still anonymous, Olinger have been set up throughout the building, said. No action has been taken to find them. but most rooms, especially the library, are He said the camera only caught them from still too hot. the back. "We didn't catch their faces." "I sit six feet from a fan and it's still hot," said Jean McCreary, a law student. "I don't study here anymore.'Unless I have a class next, I go home. I hope they get it fixed before final exams start." II The problem started when tubes carrying coolant burst and got "water all over the electrical wiring," according to Jere Hudson, assistant law dean. The cooling system's motor is supposed to be rewired by a Tampa My Denbo Vaughan company and should be back in operation by Alligator Writer Monday, UF Physical Plant officials said. "It's been heating up like a furnace lateMt ioity b sinr m SocIety: meets ly," said Tom Read, UF law school dean. tonight at 7 in room 213 of Bryant Hall. 'We were lucky earlier this week with the SOTA: Students Over Traditional Age cooler, rainy weather. But now that it's sunmeets tonight from 5:30 to 7:30 in room 349 ny again, it'll really get hot." of the Reitz Union. The law school cooling system has a Stuff You rslf Lately?: get help at the history of breaking down. The law school Overeaters Anonymous meeting tonight at 7 library was closed in spring 1980 after the in the UF Infirmary. air conditioning was shut down because of "Housing for the Elderly": lecture will cooling system problems.' be presented tonight at 7:30 in McCarty Physical Plant Director Tom Nycum said Auditorium sponsored by the College of Arthere should be no problems in getting the chitc.lh.eswlheedtoa co ""'n'sys"e "''ck n '"pertion. he pro Pie'eCA-6a-ti--: will be held today cooling system beck i operation. The pro from 11 to 2 on the Plaza of the Americas. blem isn't in the system's design, he said, but The event is sponsored by the Jewish Student "just that mechanical equipment breaks Union and features Israeli food and enterdown occasionallyy" tainment. AJ Csicert: tonight at 8:15 in the Streaker's sprint odds University Auditorium courtesy of the UF jazz bands directed by Gary Langford. spice to filming of AphaKappasPktheUFbusinessfraternity meets tonight at 8 p.m. on the third floor of the Union for a general meeting and ineconomics lecture "aug"ura"tion Space Ushig In the 199.' will be the By Crele Murphy topic of discussion at the UF L-5 Society Alligator Writer tonight at 8:30 in room 355 of the Union. Even though dirty movies have been bannCmter Awerenss Day: will be held ed a th RatskelertheUF eonoicstoday from 9 to S. in room 520 of Norman debate at hea u ecflic Hall. The program is sponsored by the ColWdeprtenshoe uefikalday lege of Education Student Council and will Wednesday. ,Dfeature panel discussions, microcomputer During Professor L.F. Dunn's fourth demonstratoins and mass media presentaperiod Basic Economies II class, several lions rtisadms ei rsna young men were caught on film streaking teia mansovestininPr Thytrdthrough the classroom tuguese. join the Brazilian-Portugnese Club Theyentredthrughthebec ofroom for conversation today at 4:30 at the Pizza'n 120 in Bryant Hall and ran down the side aigrew, 1542 W. University Ave sle and out the back door, said David OlLe to Drae for SAess: at the Phi inger, who was taping the lecture for the Chi Theta Spring Fashion Show tonight at 8 media center and for other classes to watch in the Union Ba room. laterin th day.CLASSO: will have a meetingtoday at 4 in "There were about eight guys," Olinger room 2134 of General Purpose Building B. said. "Some had on shirts and hats. The last three were totally naked." wi.r. s. H.-nsis. pube. .an .,a m .4o" Olinger shifted the camera from Dunn to ^" *",", "Wa & hihw fm the streakers, and caught them from behind iam.,'Mw .a. .mwdowsby kV o w s.f.rs .w just as they were running out the back. """ by x 4. a b. Whennthe cffmaieara bfadhed bao cin.Du, w. When the camera flashed bark to Dunn, universayAv. I 

PAGE 25

ecusI8I;s IS alan erguson .promote patriotism in cross-country trek Family's crusade pushes U.S. pride 0 'I 4HO___a ...39. .AR S M -AKES.--.mE.=79 11 4r A By Lur Puftersen Alligator Writer Ken Cundiff and his family have traveled more than 70,000 miles through 48 states to get millions of Americans off their keesters." Known to truckers as "The All-American Family," the Cundiffs live in a red, white and blue van, and dress in red, white and blue uniforms with baseball caps. They've spent two years on the road trying to stir up patriotism in the masses. "Apathy and negativism are what we're trying to destroy," said Cundiff, who with his wife Georgia and their 13-year-old daughter were in Gainesville recently. Their stop here was part of a trek leading to Washington, D.C., for a celebration they call "American Unity Day" planned for July "We can destroy people and we can destroy cities, but we can't destroy pride, patriotism, education and freedom in the United States," said the 58-year-old Cundiff. In many cities the Cundiffs were greeted by the press, city officials and welcomed into the homes of both ghetto dwellers and millionaires, Cundiff said. The 58-year-old Cundiff said they have stxpken to ministers, children and any club that would listen. But one incident in particular is a special memory. "We were speaking before the North Dakota House and Senate and didn't know our caps weren't allowed until the sergeant at arms came over and made us remove them. The speaker of the House then told us to put them back on. "It was the first time in North Dakota history that anyone was allowed to speak before the House and Senate while wearing their hats," he said. Cundiff, who is a former auto dealer and farmer said he was first inspired to make the trek when he was recovering from open heart surgery in 1979. He reviewed his life and saw just a "path of rocks and stones pushed out of the way on the path of life." "I could see where I'd been but couldn't see a footprint. I hadn't really done anything. All was in a selfish note and I could see that this was true across America," Cundiff said. The Cutidiffs plan to gather one person from every state in Washington, each with his or her state flag, for the "All American Family Reunion." They also plan to hang in effigy dummies representing "general apathy" and "too much negativeness." "People must get together not representing certain organizations but representing themselves as a free, proud, positive, unified, patriotic group," Cundiff said. Not all the Cundiff's rallies have been a success, but Cundiff said that for every negative response his familN has received there were 60 other people who said "go get 'em." Although we sometimes felt like busted balloons because of the low turnout at our past rallies, every onehas drawn more and I'm convinced that this one will be the best," he said. The Cundiffs are hoping to get the attention of other countries with their rally for "peace and pride in the '80s." "I don't have all the answers," said Cundiff, "but maybe, just maybe, other countries will look over and say 'Lanak what's going on in America."' "It may prevent a war." HEROF RIES CHLLNGES HIGH LD COST I.AND YOU WIN! SAVE NOW ONGOLDE! I uM20 a ---inLg -0vk -mD.tethisThUr&Fri .9to3 .b HUB aow post 1$25W E~aauup~-o -E& oI r U I I. S 5RAMMFLLED "ConlritHrESav HAOMVIG FKE' EA.grII2 QREIN ORASS.GUC29*0 ----------------.3. oz.9 U & M CA IES ."E17 Ronrico Rum Seagrams 7 Light or Dark $6."liter $6.17liter emus ftew sun ~n r--I I 

PAGE 26

I7. Spring .3 Li eeing ) SG7 GET INVOLVED. Applications are Available for Student Government Cabinet and Staff Positions/1982-83 in the Following Areas: 1. Academics, Research and Development 2. Recreation 3. University and Student Government Relations 4. Community Relations 5. Legislative Affairs 6. Transportation 7. Communications 8. Minority Affairs 9. Women's Affairs "Also one ASFAC-At-Large seat is available. Application Deadlin 4pm Mon.-, Applications available in 305 J. WAYNE REITZ UNION WE'RE HERE TO SERVE YOU1I 1Study in Colorado 1tham ummor Enjoy a month of: -Spring Skiing (at 11,000 feet) -Climbing -Backpacking -Whitewater rafting -Canoeing -Fishing -Great Outdoor Photography -Warm Days/Cool Nights 0 At the same time satisfy your summer school requirement. 0 May 8-June 7-Plenty of time to return to a summer job. Courses offered in: Zoology, Anthropology, Geology and Astronomy 0 TRANSPORTATION AVAILABLE Deadline: Monday, April 5 Call 392-1701 VITOBring in this ad and receie tis 14k goldfed locket for only $14.95 $40.00Value Wewa" to see how many people"i f sowet offering hs very special pice on a beaudful locket. AD you do s7N* in &s a ikde,,,,, of gnwa savings at Rutherfoi's Keepsakw Diamond Gallery.whe valeisorW pledge. D dIery w~Nail OF3~ publicity customarily assert that their rigid were violated because their trials were n relocated. It is somewhat incongruous that a deft conviction dant argue a change of venue prejudiced i TALLAHASSEE'In an unusual appeal, rights," Harper said. "But a defendant h TALLHASEE -In n unsua appal, not a constitutional right to a change mass murderer Theodore Bundy contends his vnue. conviction of the. murders of two college women was influenced by adverse pretrial Challenging expert testimony tying But publicity yet his rights were violated because dy's teeth to bite marks on one of the victim the trial was moved to another county. the appeal acknowledged that "the weight In -a 123-page appeal filed with the Florida legal authority weighs toward admissibility Supreme Court, Bundy raised 10 other of bite mark identification,' but said ft challenges to his conviction and death issue has yetlo be decided in Florida. sentence, including ineffective counsel, the The appeal also contended that testimony use of hypnosis to aid an eyewitness, the adfrom Nita Neary, a Chi Omega who caught mission ot expert opinion on bitemark idenglimpse of the murderer, should not haa tif icatiisn and improper jury instructions, been admitted because a police hynofist ha, A jury sitting in Miami convicted Bundy in aided her in recaaidg his features. July, 1979, of the murders 18imonths earlier The state Attorney General's office is es of Lisa Levy, 20, and Margaret Bowman, 21, pected to file an answer brief in about both of St. Petersburg, in their Chi Omega month. sorority house at Florida State University in Bundy was sentenced to death for each Tallahassee. the three murders and given prison term Bundy, 35, later found guilty of murdering totaling 198 years for other offenses. a 12-year--old Lake City girl, was charged with the murder of a woman in Michigan Sto eo e i and was named a suspect in at least a dozen "ther murders around the country. shotgun at thieves The pervasive uncontrolled invasion of The owner of a liquor store in Hawthorn the media into the judicial arena violated his fired two shotgun blasts at two men wh right to a fair trial, lawyer Robert Harper drove off with a six-pack of beer without wrote in the appeal filed Tuesday, adding: paying, Alachua County Sheriffs Offic The media in the Bundy case controlled the records show. docket, not the trial judge. The media changRobert Walker, owner of B and B Liquc ed the venue, not the defendant." on State Road 200, handed a six-pack of bes Harper argued that various pretrial hearworth $3.50 to the suspects, who then drove ings should have been closed to the public away, according to records. and press, that Leon County Sheriff Ken Kat.Aiter the two suspects drove off, Walks saris shsu" have beeoo "ered silent and fired two rounds of b irdshot at the fleen that prospectivijurors should have been sethieves, records show. qo-sti-reil until a jorN was siatest.Lo a ma At thsaio"-time, thc appeal asserts that Local man charged In Bund's trial was moved from Tallahassee to Miami prematurely, thus violating his right rape of Ocala womar provided b thestate constitution to a trial "in the-counts where the crime was commitAn Ocala woman was allegedly raped by ted.Gainesville man early Wednesday morning judge Edward Cowart, -a Miami judge Alachua County Sheriff's Office record assigned to hear thecase, ordered the change show. in venue after the first five prospective jurors Gainesville police stopped a car near th in Tallahassee were dismissed for their 1500 block of University Avenue at 4 a.m knowledge of the case through news acbecause the driver ran several red lights, counts. Sheriff's Office spokeswoman said. "Strong as the evidence was of the difficulThe woman driver told police the man i ty of the task, the impossibility of obtaining the car raped her. an impartial jury was not demonstrated I)y Arrested was Neal Joshua of 1615 S an exhaustive effort to select such a jury from 42nd St. Joshua was still in Alachua Count' among the citizens of Leon County," Harper jail Wednesday night on $5,000 bail. He wrote. charged with sexual battery. The appeal conceded that Bundy's lawyers The attack allegedly took place onc themselves had asked for a change of venue quarter of a mile east of State Roads 229 an( -artier in the proceedings and acknowledged 331 outside city limits, the spokeswoman indirictls that defendants claiming adverse said. r--------------Sa----i%.1 hts not enhis has of ins, Of ity he ny ad a Of Is e ho ut ce or ,er ve e r a g, ds he n. a n w is ekd in I 

PAGE 27

Film on macho males sparks heated debate All igator Stff Writer .There are two types of girls here tonight: the quick pickups and others, probably freshmen, who want a guy for the year," the sandy-haired college student in the film tol fellow partygoers. "Me, I'm looking for the quick pck-meup. I'm here to get a girl to go to bed with me." The roots of society-imposed masculinity run deep, UF sociology Professor Cynthia Rexroat recently told some 20 listeners at a National Organization for Women-sponsored presentation. 'Men's Lives,' a 1974 documentary film shown during the presentation, was the subject of sometimes heated debate between men and women gathered at General Purpose Building A. Comments by men suggesting their interpretations of masculinity throughout the series of interviews in the film sparked criticism from both men and women present at the showing. "I think a man is someone who does what he believes in,' UF graduate student and agronomist Scott Christiansen told the group. "I'm $20,000 in debt, but I'm doing what 1 believe in." Stepping off the economic "treadmill," as Christiansen suggested, would be difficult -if not impossible -for women, UF NOW President Ruth Segal argued. "We're stuck in a system that is going to end our lives and perhaps the entire planet," she said. "And all they are doing is laughing atus." 'They" are what UF graduate engineering student Gisela k $eft Bosch defined as the 'Ruling Class," male government of-9 -.HL e l ficials and big businessmen who she said make unwise decisions that affect everyone in the United States. "Women were complete individuals in the Middle Ages," Bosch said. "They were the leaders in medicine, chemistry, UL and they were able to perform abortions. Men did not have the right to interfere." Somewhere along the way women lost out, Bosch said. She said she wasn't sure why sexual inequality occurred, however. But adopting "male" roles is not the way to achieve equality, a male onlxker who asked not to be identified said. "I've been hearing a lot of good ideas here tonight, but you females need to avoid falling into the trap of becoming like men to be equal to them," he said. "Because one morning you're going to wake up and say 'hay, we're getting screwed anyway."' Pressure to succeed triggers student stress ..-.T. By Jines Virge Alligator Writer It's a freshmati's first semester at college. He Wkalks into a chemistry class of about 350 people. The professor instructsAhim to shake the hands of the two people sitting next to him because one of them will more then likely have flunked or Deefshort dropped out by mid-term time. Paranoia sets in. Student stress iegins. The highly competitive atmosphere that xervades ans large university leads to stress that prompts students to acts of violence or aggression, UF Student Conduct Officer Mike Rollo said Wednesday at a forum on "Student Aggression. And those acts of violence are increasing, he said. Rollo was one of four members who spoke Wednesdaa at -the Reitz Union on a pannel at the 50th Annivrsary aConlerence for the UF Counseling Center. Rollo said there has been an increaseain student "passiveaggressive" violence, a crime against the property of a person instead of a direct attack on him. Crime on. the UF campus has risen steadily with the pressures on students. UF police investigator Martha Varnes said that the number of calls the UF police went from 1,164 in 1960 to 26,000 calls in 1975, and the crime rate is still on the rise. But Varnes, who describes tday's students as iore conservative, said that students are now miore likely to use the system to "deal with their problems. Wayne Griffin, campus minister for the Presby terian Stuadent Center, said the competition on today's college campuses is leading toa breakdown in relationships. "Students are confronted with a high amount of cipeti I 2 tion, and sometimes they must compete at the cost of rela-tionships. The studenttoday has the sense of doing whatever r it takes to get one up on the other person," said Griffin. Some students turn to alcohol and drugs to deal with the pressures of their academic careers. "The drug of choice these days seems toh e alcohol in large amounts because it is more socially acceptable," Griffin said. "Even acid (LSD)," he said, "is starting to show up around universities again." Rollo's answer to the problem of stress and aggression is research.t Bread "We need to spend more time studysing and understanding all the different types of students," he said.-Mw ks"wbet "How did you got al those "I advertise in the students in your store?" Alligator" -f ipt-or" 6 10a Fi s-Tender eiv mtls pole Jumbo Beans Shrinip' 39 Cb. $499b PRICESGOOD MURUTUZS. APL .th cut-Uip FRYERS 39v 4 Iast quWst, 4 segqusr'ses, 4 W5555, 4 glss Ci -c ?I 

PAGE 28

44 DO-ERS and GO-GETTERS to help build ETA ETA AU A Growing Fraternity Join Us For Our Final Rush Of TheYear (At The TEO House). AK 'K 'K SPRING RUSH '82 Friday, April 2 0 Meet the Brothers 4EK 4K Oyster Bash 4k I Rock to "Loaded Roller" Saturday, April 3* Formal Rush 9:00 P.M. to 1:00 A.M. Both Nights FLIPSIDE Appearing Friday & Saturday A pril 2 & 3 j208W. Univ. Ave. 372-6475 The J W Starling Farm 125 ACRES & 3 BR HOME Will Be Sold At -AUCTIONOffered in parcels of: Sac., 3ac., Sac., 1 cc., 20ac., & larger This property is to be sold to the ultimate highest bidders!! Sat. -April 10th -10:30 Location: Just West of Sampson River at Graham, Fl. look for the Ben Campen Auction Signs. Only 15 Miles from Gainesville & 8 Miles from Starke 4 BE SURE TO REGISTER FOR THE 1 WIN UP TO $5000.00 CASH DRAWING The drawing will be by the reigning Miss Univ. of Fla.L Cynthia Nutter Security By: Kendall Security Service BEN CAMPEN AUCnIONEES, 11C For More Info-FREE The #1 Real Estate Auction -Selling Company Brochure & Map Contact 502 NW 16th Ave. Gainesville, Fl 32602 904-375-6600 Certified Auctioneers & Lc Real Estate Broker Jax legislator offers Internship to students interested in politics y Kent Kise Aligator Writer If you want to be in politics, Rep. Andrew Johnson, D-Jacksonville, wants you to be in politics, too -as an intern in his office this Sharp, intelligent persons with a "genuine interest in politics" who are willing to work 40 hours a week without pay are encouraged to apply for the five intern positions in Johnson's Jacksonville office, said Colleen Olden, Johnson's legislative aid. "Good grades help," Olden said Tuesday, as does having a place to live in Jacksonville, since commuting from other counties would be costly and inconvenient. An intern's life is busy. Olden said interns may research specific topics such as energy, education or transportation and prepare reports for Johnson. This research enables interns to "get into a few subjects pretty' deeply," she said. Interns also handle constituent caework. They remedy complaints and "mediate between the constitutent and a state agency," Olden said, to help citizens receive unemployment compensation or other aid. Working on the development of legislation is yet another facet of the intern's job. Interns ferret out statistical and factual material to support a bill and "work out compromises" between disparate groups or legislators to improve a bill's chances of success. Interns also do general office work, such as reading reports and drafting speeches, memos and letters, so they must be able tos type, Olden said. Interns also get practice in writing press releases and planning various programs. Students can even earn up to 12 hours of credit for their internship under the independent study program. Interested students can call Johnson's office, person-to-person collect, at (904) 488-8278. Prof: national lump in book-banning requests 'a plague' By Melinda Zisser Alligator Writer Since Ronald Reagan was elected presilent in November 1980, the number of offcial requests that certain books be banned or censored has more than tripled. Taimi anta, a Illinois State University English professor, offered that figure during the Children's Literature Association's ninth annual conference in Gainesville last weekend as evidence of a "plague" that is beginning to afflict some Americans. ':Censorship is on the increase, like a plague," Ranta said, killingg intellectual freedom in its wake." Ranta said the increased book restriction request figures came from the American Library Association in Washington D.C. The trend toward increased censorship affects publishers as well as readers, according to UF English Professor John Cech. "Publishers won't take chances," he said. "They'll go with safe tiles." Members of the association are concerned with censorship throughout the country and shared experiences of people who demanded educators and librarians restrict the use of books such as Benji On His Own, Webster's Collegiate Dictionary, I'm G.ladI'm a By, I'm Glad I'm a Girl and Stuart Little. Many librarians at the conference were concerned about the reasons for questioning a specific book. Often people who file a com-. plaint to restrict a book's use don't read the entire book, said Linda O'Connor-Levy, a librarian from the Tampa-Hillsborough Public Library. "Every single bxk on the shelves can be removed for something," O'Connor-Levy said. "A book must be judged as a whole."' In one example, Cech said some concerned parents and worried librarians are drawing diapers on the main character of In the Night Kitchen a book by children's author Maurice Sendak. Members of the Children's Literature Association decided last-weekend to form a group that will draft a resolution for an official statement against book censorship. Members aren't expected to vote on it for another six months, said Douglas Street, an English professor at Texas A&M University. Although the official statement has not been made, some conference participants have formed strong opinions about censorship. "We can't afford to go back to Hitler's Germany where they burned books," said Priscilla Ord, an English professor at Iona College in New York. "Public libraries and schools were established -so every man can think," O'Connor-Levy said. "People don't realize their freedoms are being chipped around with this censorship. Unusually wet winter means early influx of mosquitoes, prof says By Llte. files AlligatorWriter An unusually early rainy season this year brought an early influx of mosquitoes a UF insect expert says. But there are certain ways people can control the tiny insects, says Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences Professor Donald Hall. "Normally, this is our dry season," said Hall, an entomologist. "For the past few years it's been extremely dry. This year's weather, however, has provided an environment for young mosquitoes to develop." There are many old theories and remedies for warding off the bothersome mosquito. Moderate to indulgent intakes of salt, soft drinks and other solutions have been offered to control the mosquito problem. As for the validity of these antidotes to ward off the pesky insect, Hall noted, "none of these have ever been scientifically proven. "Most people don't realize that there are over 60 different types of mosquitoes in the state of Florida," he said. "Not all feed on humans. Some feed on birds, others feed on cold-blooded animals alone." Of thse that feed on people, Hall said, a few develop in artificial environments such as old tin cans or automobile tires that collect water while lying around. By eliminating some of these sources, mosquito reproduction can be reduced, Hall said. People can at least temporarily reduce the number of itchy red mosquito bites by using commercial insects repellants and coils, Hall said. But these commercial preparations must be constantly reapplied to be effective, he said. Local gas stations to drop prices below $1 Two Gainesville Sprint gas stations are to take the lead in the local gas price race today when the price of regular gas dips below the dollar-a-gallon mark, United Fuel Company officials said Wednesday. Beginning at 111a.m., regular gas will sell for 99.9 cents a gallon at Sprint's 2310 Archer Rd. and 1-75 andArcher Road locations, marketing Director Susan Petrucci said. The Sprint gas station on Newberry Road is independently owned, however, and will not be lowering its gas prices, Petrucci said. Unleaded gas and diesel fuel prices will remain unchanged, she said. Felon takes shot at prowlers, lands In lail A convicted felon shot at two prowlers earlier this week only to be arrested for illegally possessing a firearm, according to Alachua County Sheriff's Office records. The incident occured Tuesday night in northeast Alachua County at the residence of Melvin Stevens, 22, near the intersection of State Road 26 and State Road 325. Police said Stevens is a convicted felon who had several guns in his possession, a violation of Florida law. Stevens' bond was set at $5,000 by County Judge Stan Morris. As of Wednesday evening, Stevens was in the Alachua County jail, a jail spokeswoman said. 3764462 DISPLAY ADVERTISING PU LIC AUCTION PUBLIC AUCTION Pop- 

PAGE 29

UF researcher says spiders can control cockroach problem By netsy August Alligator Staff Writer They crawl under the sink and behind the shower curtain. They're in cracks and crevices and they live in paper bag and cardboard boxes. They lurk quietly beneath refrigerators and scurry for dark corners when kitchen cabinets are opened. And they share living quarters with almost everyone in Florida. But UF researcher Ann Trambarulo said Floridians can solve their roach problems in a month or two, as long as the don't mind having a few spiders around. By introducing nine or 10 big, brown, eight-legged creatures into a honie, the UF graduate student said a person can control a roach problem without the use of pesticides. "It's really very simple and you can't go wrong," said "Spiderlady,", as she is called by her colleagues. "The spiders only come out at night, there's no mess from webs and they're not poisonous." German cockroaches, which are small and (lark brown, are the No. I-household pest in the United States, she said. They live where there is food and water, and she believes people will do "almost anything" -including keeping spiders around -to get rid of them. A local survey she compiled last summer proved her theory correct. Sixty-four percent of the Gainesville residents she questioned said they would prefer spiders to roaches. In her lab at UF, Trambarulo is breeding some 200 spiders and feeding them roaches to test the specifies of their predator-prey relationship. Since she began her research last semester, the 24-year-old entomology student found it may be that a chemical scent attracts roaches to spiders, as if they were "almost asking to be eaten," she said, but she hasn't proven this yet. In one experiment, she found the roaches did not move toward the spiders after their antennae were cut off Trambarulo first thought of the idea of controlling roaches with spiders when she moved -into a roach-infested Gainesville home. "I let about 15 spiders louse in my house and after about a month, I had no roach problem." She claims she is probably the only person in Florida with a roach shortage She spends much of her time trying to trap unsprayed roaches for her experiments. The spiders -more commonly known as banana spiders; South Florida housekeeping spiders and giant erab spiders have bodies which grow to the size of a fingertip and are' most often found in tropical climates. They will also eat American cockroaches or "palmetto bugs," another tropical household pest. These roaches are larger than German cockroaches, migrate through water and the males can fly. "The spiders really aren't picky," she said. "They'lI also eat other insects such as ants." Trambarulo's study is the only experiment of its kind on record, said entomology Professor Williard Whitcomb, who called it "a great idea that works beautifully." Trambarulo said she especially likes her idea because it eliminates the need for pesticides, which she said only make the problem worse. "What people are doing is creating a 'superroach' -one that is resistant to all types of pesticides." But Danny McCoy, county supervisor of onvirometal health, said pesticides are veryeffective for controlling roach problems. "If you see they are becoming immune to one pesticide, all you have to do is change brands," he said. "If you vary the sprays, you shouldn't have a problem." McCoy said most Gainesville residents find they have temporary roach problems, and the city in general 'has no big infestation problem." Some other traditional methods of controlling roach populations -boric acid and roach traps -are not always successful either, Trambarulo said. Boric acid is messy to work with because of the humidity in the South, she said, and traps do not always function as they should. .When she graduates in May, Trambarulo plans to market her idea by starting a spider farm. But in the meantime, she suggested two ways for controlling a roach problem: # line the rims of several small, empty jars with baby oil or petroleum jelly. Place a few pieces of canned fruit or soda pop in the jars and set them wherever roaches have been sen -under sinks, behind the refrigerator, in the back of kitchen cabinets. She said the roaches get in, but these c n't get out. When the jars are filled, simply replace them; .sprinkle a cornmeal and boric acid mixture along fixorboards and behind appliances. This method is somewhat messy, she said, and there maybe a humidity problem. And there is one more thing Trambarulo has noticed whilo' doing her research. "Floridians are the only people I know who sit around and exchange roach stories," she said with a smile. How do you make sure your customers and prospects are thinking about you? Your products? Your service? The Alligator: reaching them where their minds are. The Alligator WeahsA uineO Spending Or fluencing a Total Of 8495 Million. How Do You Make Sure Your Business iGets Its Share? That's Easy, ADVERTISE! For More Information, Call 3764482 -~. N/r -A M 1 iA.ASas D OLAR A W. i -.A Vi--J v Buy a r n BiSCUit r0esI uron Breakfast 136NW13th Stree' Got 1 FRE 375-0213 (annst purchase 0 11 W 23rd Avenue a bvmege) 378-6948 Expires April4th N.W. 13th Cooking Sampling being featured each Saturday. Come in and try some new & delicious recipes. INTRODUCING GREEK DINNERS After 5 p.m. at the 13th St. location only alumnsz ,irm I., UM ( cIt. Starke Strawberries $5.99 flt Local Grown English Peas.59c if California Carrots.5 1# sags for $ 1.00 Spanish Onions.5# for $1.00 Fresh Spinach.e.79c iag Bananas. .4# for$1.00 Washington Rome Apples .49c i,. Fresh O.J., "Best in Town". .$1.99 hail gal. Borden's Lowfat Milk $1.69 Health Vaiey I onatoSauce. ..1.9a Soybean Margarine, Olti Stot' Mill. .85c Sunflower Seeds.79c il, Raisins, .>ackage'. .$1.19 l>. Walnuts .$2.25 i1. Apple cider. .......$2.99 giti. Health Valley Vegetable Soup .99c CiI 100 % Natural Peanut Butter. ....$1.79 Plus Brewer's Yeast, 16ttz. .$2.99 WinnerNut6Mix .49 l 11 tj 

PAGE 30

4_qtigpw, h~ors aprit 1, 1982 FOR RENT I & 2 BEDROOM C.11 375-1111 A 23-75-1 STONERIDGE 1&8 2 BEDROOM F7_ $285 00 Colt 375-21 8 1-21671 3 Morch free, wI k to -aP-s I b, left bebmed ceih, bap.,, '235 mCneper"'y Monagemrent, broker 373-07 378-6663 4-1-15-1 S-mmer suble-s I br furn P6ccdllyApt #275 ,, pool L1.ndy$270/mh 376-2483d2ys 377-8271 e22gs 4-2-10-1 Av1.bl. n-w -2 bedrI bol ,:I C-I arhe.', tully C cap td, lse UF $260/mColl 375-7986 tl 00 pm keep -ry6ng 4 17 0-1 **"-ARCHERWOODSAPT.'. S6be h 1, be .61u -nd r-2my wbdrm6 .pi beginn M-b y I s' w/-P -n to assume ._as ?n fatll HBO/cobiv 'ebd hes 21reody 6coecd PETS ALLOWED Only $320 00/moth Coll 378-8099 4-6-10-1 A2l6ble n 2 bdr/2 11/2 bh 1mos1 n w11 .w11 cpel. dshwahr Ioe 1. U of F $2685 392 4750 r 375-2367 4-13-151 Sb my 3 bdr/2 bh Ap t., dn-y $325 m-11, wh trll op6n, 62rPe dshwashe, cS,s to U I, F b lm, s n w 37 52367 1 ,r ,92-4750 4-13-15-1 SWble 2 b ap for s5mmS C Cenlai -u 12666s r2queb61bike o c1mp6 s SW $300/m. 377-8797 4-7101 REDUCED RENT Vs12y2 I 66 61P p1 766 nd6y6 6n c22se 6 mp. p 3781265 -w1kmg 9r bke d F11 e 1 ce sdyIng -m 6s $115/m6 66 3d ed C,11 377 4721 4 1 5 1 .* SUBLET t,* 3 bdrm -,wn cldes C 66 72-9597 4-1 56 1 EFFICIENCY APTS Avalable I, sh-r f 13gt6 le2se 22 121 N 5th Tr $125 rent nc d 6 w r3 oms 6 share bath P--, 376995 4-1-5 1 F., r-n 3 sepe-t tf r nised I~~m mI oseW.1kmg, di-ane 1. -ap-s E 2266en 16366 $133 72r m C6 377 2 23 4 66 615I Suble' 2 bedroom I ba1haprmna 6662, Av'26ab6e Apr 2J166630 6rf6r e2e6e Coll 371 6055 26e 5 pm 4 226.1 F.r reI:,2pb,,"n,,r,,,hed ap L-,uy .-It $29 Frpo wahok up rpl drapes w_ in c se .ex e n s rge 3786 6 4 14 14 1 6 Emp,"y bedro Ilm C.1ntry Garden s11r-ng su m rA ihrough nex ye.r Ap stuih 1.d c -s t a p-s -aher -.d dryer o:1 371 2175 4 2 5 1 2 TAKE ADVANTAGE NOW'' .ur 2 667666' 6611 'A C-p,,032 6663 66620m 636 642 3 6 76 1 6 SUBLET 2 r 66 rd 2 p6 P636 nq My-Ag 376.97B3 41 5 1 "7mme S'ble -B-o Vie 2 62d666 2 bol, 2 1 pn Pbs r'1, $285 m2 C. 371 42 1 5 $2 6 P6'626. 3 2 m pu depsi v.Ible MyA 15 Coll 373-2517 tf e 5 4-1-5) WalIk 'o sco lPon es' b u is m Clo C ep -1i 13739240 -n1 r 1.p PARK FUN + SUN Ir,, -6p., $140 66d $155 6666 May6 Au~g opt 1111 waser dryer tencd yard pe 72s 6k n226 6666moke Col 37365359 In he Pines 3 bdr/12 1/2 both twhuetseuytr rsed .,nd Teysptosu ocmps2 2o6 s 6 766s 266 $3 5 6 m, S34 $250 C.11372-4312 427-5-1 1 BR DUPLEX S 12 /-I-s 6 blocks 6626 U of 7 376-9623 4-7 5-1 B'G OLD HOU SE b0 66ks I'm F $350/ 3769623 4-7-51 SUaLET 0,R SUMMER I It 2bdrmsr P.e P.0, $120/m-onth + i /4 Itsts ch C2 1375-0617 2sk 2 2 Greg 4 1 8 1 6b6l 2 bdm/2 bh o6 P-16 Wes Av 26 8/ p262 opt666 Sp22u 37822 phlonce _oPe' / & poIl 3842. 4 7 Sublease female m6ste2r bedrm w/ private balcony, pool, roqueb8ll courts, 501 SW 756h St. $129.00/mo 373-6382 offer 6 4-1-5-1 I bedroom I bolh unfurn opt. Central air, pool, available May st -Village Pork ApIs 1001 SW 16th Ave. 371-0631 Srh $225 mth 4-1-5-1 OAK FOREST 2 23ales to sublet summer begin May I Fully frnshd/l master w/ bth "negotiable rent Coll 377-2479. 4-1-5-1 Sublet one bedroom in Oak Forest two bedroom townhouse Avalable Aprl 30 Two months for the low price of $180 + $100 deposit Call Dav d at 375-8778 4-2-5-1 CAMELOT APTS -summer sublet. option to rent in Sept 2 brm, sauna, pool, outdoor gas grill, close to campus Reduced from $325 to $225/mo Coll 373-327 4-2-5-1 REDUCED RENT -Master bdrm w/ both Mole o share house from May to Aug 14 Close to campus $500 for entire Summer''Coll Lee 373-4933'keep trying 4-1-4-1 Sublet 2bedroompt unr No2dep needed Avail 4-15-82 or sooner thru B-1-82 Amf $130 + $260 6st mo rent Atr 5 pm cll 376-0865or 373-9973 4-2-5-1 6 Sublease for the summer two bedroom luxurious 6pt 3 minutes from campus In the Phoenix complex with possible fall option 373-7075 4-2-5-1 Nice 2 bd I both apart Only 2 1/2 yr old Close to campus, Shlands and VA On bus route dishwash. carpet rent negotiable 378-4364 or 392-0518 4-2-5-1 Share large home mn duck pond or 1 12 mi t UF Own master berm w Ig cedrned closet, wash mo. huge kitchen $150 mo + 1, ti 375-7402 4-2-5 1 SUMMER -Sublet huge I -br opt near Butler Plaza New carpet bus to campus pool, and f ree cable TV $230&mo Call 377-9797 anytme 4-2-5-1 OAK FOREST opt 2 b/2 b May I S discount rent for old $ Ater 6 372-3222 sublease 4-2-5$195/mo 2 br' 2 b3h trailer near campus Sublet summer No sec dep Fully turn Casilegate Call anytime 'ili mdnight 373-6092 4-9-10-1 2 APRIL FREE rmmed ovad til Aug i e bid 2 b Viscaya port furn 2 m to UF Pool laund $120 or best otter + 613 ui 371 7575 4 2 5 1 2 FOR RENT MOBILE HOME 260r 2 bd-'2 both Furnished central h/o Call KAREN 3730972 K4-2-5F C SUBLET I bdrm tfurrished opt Close to cot lege & or) bus route $230 mo 4 deposit Call before 8 30 onm or af ter 9 pmn 378-5416 4 12-10-1 MayI Sugar6oo Oaks 2 br 2 Both energy efthctent all appliances, fenced yard wd hook ups children & small pet ok $350 376-3026 4 5 5-1 1/2 BLKS. FRM. CAMPUS Available May I opt for Foli 2 br I w bth -n 3 br 2 bih house AC gas heut fifepl cbl 375-3049 4-5-5 1 T hree bedruonms ovaiiable mit)our bedroom "pt al The ~Viliage Starting summer semesler Rent $102 5 ) i elec tr ic Call 371 1081 4-5 5 1 SLuble, I bedrojom ,n VOInge Ap's avoiloble Mny 1 $215, fnom-0 Call 374-8083 4 5 5 1 Untiquot Avoil. May unkique brick & wood walls, cathedral ceilings I bd in 2 bd home. $150/mth + 1/2 uti7s376-1304. 4-2-4-1 Summer Sublet comfortably furnished two. bedrm pt Southwst-Vills $25/mo. + u66i6ies Negotable. Coll 378-0063 uni 12.00 p .A6vlable May 1. 4-5-5-1 DESPERATE Need to sublet spacious 3 br 2 1/2 both townhouse in SW area. Available May I for $225/month Call374-8678 4-1-3-1 Sublease a I -bed, I -both apartmentflor the summer w/ option for fall, close to campus, $200/moC 9ll Sergio at 373-5738 4-5-5Spacious 2-bedroom,I both duplex. Available May 15. $290/month. Convenient 6ocaton, real close to campus. 375-1971 Keeptry g 4-12-10 DUCKPOND AREA -Sublet My-June NE Boulevard. Spacious 2nd Floor, 2 bdrm apt $275/mo 378-6484 4-7-7-1 Hawaiian Vi loagoApts 371-6574 2 bedroom furnished summer sublet for $300/month MAY RENT FREE w/ op6on to renew lease for fall 4-12-10-1 August Rent Free Sublet one bedrm apt May I6st to Aug )5 Reg $205 per month, with Aug free $128 50 per month in SW sec of SW 161h Ave Wll talk about early entry or other agreement Cll Tom at 37761393f7er876 4-13-5-1 Own room in spacious 3 bdrm house, quiet NW area Available April or May thru Aug $117/mo + 1/3 u 3 After 5 373-1255 or 392-6526 4-2-3-1 Sublet For Summer 2 br I both 1 5 mle SW of campus near village, new lost year, semiurnished $300 per mo 373-8780 4-6-5-1 SUBLET 2 bedr oom apt Fully furnrished, central air' 2 block s from campus. Available Mayl-Aug 15 $275 per month Includes water & trash pck-up Call 378-9748 4-6-5-1 OAK FOREST sublet beg May Ist w tal op non 3 6 2 both washer/dryer, replace, overlooks pool 375-5955 4-6-5-1 Own mosier bedroom and both in Regency Oak aptFor summer Inexpensive & I/3 utilities 6Fal 7lease 2opt 8266h 376-6797 4-6-5-1 Sublet one bedroom op Sugartoo Village Balcony patio laundry tennis, central a, c 372-39206219 month 4-6-5-1 * AVAIL MAY I * Rm1 for comfortable Phoenix opt on bus rt Close :o UF nice area, heal/oc. hookups urdurn $150, mo + 1 '2 util Call 378-9470 cnylme 4-6-5 1 Suble for summer 2 bdrm trench quarter rip, $310 ma opt on foil wilr receive $25 tecisson on increase in fall it you sublet nowCal 375-3411nytme 4-6-5-1 Sublease own room in 3 bdrm luxury apt n, Country Manor Many Extras $112 per 6o Call Jonny 6371-6637 4-6-5-1 Wanted I or 2 people to sublet spacious I Bd turn ideal for summer' Pool sauna weightirm tennis cl Rent negotiable Call alnynme 37l-2573 4-13-10-1 Reduced reni on 3 br 2 both aptinm SW area AC Available May Ist ONLY $250/month Thru Aug 15 Cl377-3498 from 4-6 4-6-5-1 Sublet May Aug Fall option I bd I bih apt Poolside lound clean, waik/bus to UF Shonds $225/mifh + deps 377-0880 p m, 4-5-41 2 BLKS FROM UF 6 6216 28666 2 BLK FROMUF Is Tlame t) make your move -Beoulitul 2 1ye eff6cenc y p 6 Avail now furnished626 6 6 $162 506Cal377 5456 4 5 5 1 Spacious Private large pa69 os Ample park ing quiet $25000$30000 Cler 6 espu6sble 60sm 36m 6adulcMustsee to appreciate377-3149 $e 6onebdrr6d y 6626ull furnished Ren now or reserve for August $25 4 S pus ti tie o, summer Call 4-6-5-1 Suble 2 br I b26 n 66Brondyw'e apt or o-mmer op! to, Fall Pool sauno bike or 6,S'o $226 666Co375-5371 4-5 5 15 NEED A SUMMER APT 2 wth tall opo6 2 u edrrt-, lowohouse I tmile liom, 7 '' "266 66 2'73 76 6 '6 -yc 6e poc 6ll nym6e 378 6447 4 2 4 1 Sublease halt morih (April) tre, e ,v r (;earl qu~e tur hr ,p, Very lose to Uf A6 6221 5 2 00) 62373 4837 6tter 5 16 4 5 5 1 LANDMARI, APT Sublet I-bedroom To,,, %1"" "b '""'""ofMay w"h op''""for all P Aoe e 2o2ble 373-7581 4 7 5-1 H62822 766V6geI bdrm turn or untui upi for sublease begmnmg May anve 11'ero locahon $26k) mos Call Caihy 474 8905 4 6 4 1 May Is'I br furnished opt mt Village Park -1 P001 & voleybalcour tLo'ssatf rees Cl2276378l f 17 4 i2 8 Need to len, beautifully furnrished 2 b,/2 b uxury up, Overlooks lake nCue area (5, 1 8/30) Call 378-864e e 2 turn bed rms ovadl Moy-Aug in new quiet NW home A/c washer /dirye, xta $140 mo + 1/4 Wi Call ayime37788 keep frymny 4-7-5.1 I need 2 people to sublet my opt on SW 1s51 for summer terms A & B. It's big, turn, and close to campus Call 371-6163 4-7.5-1 Wi pay you $1 0 11/ 2 Aug rent o sublease one bedroom furnished ap, in Hawaiian Village Option for tall Call Sond' tler 7 00pm6372-3430 4-2-3-1 Won beller? Like 'he best? Help a Graduating Gala sublet his Apl for Sumewl)4Fall option Please call soon 3769 6-5 166 6222 2662 Greal 3 6m 2 house behind 0dome Woshe, dryer dishwash. wood tiocirs' h~eploce Many xtras Available May is' $400 mo2h Call2378-586 4-6-5-1 *ATTENTION** Village Apis 1-3 ,oommates needed to sublet (May to August) in 4 br townhouse Each with own room Tennis, racquetball, bbll pool all lighted 102/mo Call Bob 378 1698 4-2 3-1 1 BDR APT -turnishedl pool and loundry Only $209 00/mon 2 railes from campus Available May I 6s Call 376-0119 after 5 pm 4-6-5-1 b22 2 6668hs7funed 2Grea 7ol, 3egtom laSundry on bias roule Call Available now -1.273 66 6shortform leases ,t desired for summer months Pool, tennis5owint, clubhouse, Everything you could wont of popular Regency Clak s 3230 SW Ar. cher Rd 378-5766 4-26-19.1 FOR RENT one bedroom condo 2l appiances plus pool. sauna, etc. $250 00 per m76nth 371-2673keeprv7 4-6-5-1 ce h 4 5 b Ic re P, 2 A1 4 Female Roommates wanted for 2 bedroom 2 both urn6shed pt Close to Shnds. VA. pool. laundry Avlable mmed Call 3752562 4-7.5-2 Female roommate needed for I bedroom 7pt for summer A &/0or28 One block from compushas poo' $102 mo 376-8658 4-5-3-2 378-8403/392-9420 ask for Greg o message 4-2-5-2 FEMALE/SUM SUB (May) Phoenix sub, I bdm t 2 bdrm/ bh, nice, clean Only $10(mo. Coll Jan 372-7625, 392-6038 (lv msg ) 4-2 5-2 Neat and Responsible rmmt for luxury 2 br apf ol PHOENIX Regency OAKS turn 3 bd apt, pool. lounPH E I dry. bus + shops Mstr w/ both $155 May 376-2603 4-2-5-2 1 other for summer B only $135./term Col 374-4114 4-7-5-2 Roommate to share 3-bdrm apt -own bathroom and no deposit $113 a month + Summer qtr M or F wanted to sublet own rm 1/3 utilites 1324 NW 16 Ave Phone n 2 bdr 2 b h 2pt Windmea6ows complex 371-0425 Overlooks the pool. 4-2-5-2 Cll Amy or Dodo #378-2171. 4-7-5-2 -.__ --AUGUST RENT FREE LET'S MAKE A DEA 2 CALL ME 2 rms @'$90 Sube MayI -Aug 14. F l op6on Own ea 1/4 ut l take best offer/ 6 4 bdrm bdrm6$122/m + 1/3orshe8291/m + 1/ '27h tennis/ b0ll/ HBO/Rob french quarter 373-96252Ralph 4-2-5-2 Summer A & 8 female nonsmoker Own Great deollFemole roommate w 6nted, room 221 apt $120 + 1/3 utities Call cwn room i 2 bdr I bo Goorwood op' 375-1609 after 3 ask for Stacey 4-2-5-2 $100 per mo 1/2 utl May 3-June 30 375-892 4-7-5-2 F or M esygoing-seous student pre Shore house in quiet res NW area Own Roommate needed for summer A and, or B rm/w p6v both Fully furn cnrl/a m tr UF i share 3 be8rm Country Vllage furnished $1656 1/4,If Avoi 4/1 Outside pets ok ap August Free Co1371-0733. 4-5-3-2 373-4278. 4-2-5-2 Female Roommate to shore 2bdrm 2 b fuly 2uished 6pt for A 2B or C form. Col7377-7820 24-75-2 (F) roommate desperately needed for summer Luxury apt w/ lots of extras Close to campus only $100 a month Call 378-9056 keep trying. 4-5-3-2 Roommate needed to finish out semostor. One block off campus. Running out of cash and neod a place to stay? Help me got through eco 2013 and your ren will be 6aken core of. Co0l Mike 373-7615 4-2-2-2 FEMALE FOR APRIL two bdrm I both, pool. laundry, good locoon6374-4706 6 377-2856 and 2 e v2essage. 4-5-3-2 REDoUCEL'REI 125 (down fro,$165) I 22 temole2 6 62 apt Piccadlly Aps Av'.b'6V02, I376-550-p 47.2 l | | IM E I M HI i || ||| Eg Subet LARGE 2 DR E botha pt. May-Aug w/ Deall Roommate wanted imm2 2 -P shore Fem. Roommate Wanted s28 2 r28 ng pril17 option to renew. PETS ALLOWED. Archerbedroom/b i a 2 b/2 b fully furnished but start paying first of May. $110.0/mon, woods$320 a month. Coll 372-6937. 4-7-5.1 Windm dowsa pt $71/m + 1/4 util. Call 1/367 7. 1/2b2th, furn. CollJoi375-20. Tony371-629. 4-5-3-2 4-5-5-2 SUBLET APT. for summer in O 7k Forest 3 bdrms. From May to Aug.washr/dryr, SUBLET EMPTY ROOM IN GATOR TOWN AT. Nonsmoking fer. r2mm 2 for summer 2urn. nicl (neg.) Colt Susant 2 378-0111 PAY MAY, JUNE, JULY, AUG-FREE. 1/2 (5/1-8/15). Short r in 2 story 2 bdrm. 4-7-5-1 SECURITY DEPOSIT TO BE PAID. CALL townhouse in Hawaiian Village $l0 + 7/4 L 2 ----2378-12162TONY. 4-6-10-22 utilities. call Sharon 371-11874-5-5-2 Sublet beautiful 2 bedroom townhouse May hru August Option for fall $325 6 month Female nonsmoking, no deposit, 6own Homele? We need studious non-smoking Cal2377-7682 4752room. May 1-July 31$130 + 1/2 utities f67$'o sho*r 87'r8r of Bradyw ar.-62226NW 16h Ave. C2lla after 6 p 6377-3044. -ing May. $115 Debbie or Laurie 3744642. For sublet w/ foil option 4-2-10 4-1-3-2 2 bd 2 1/2 both now townhouse apt unfRomaefrs mrwntd $325/m0 but summer rent neg6 Starts June Female roommate needed to shore Lg 3 Rp6mrn 771rs.mm 2r2w7n +d. Call Kell, 372-7882. 4-5-3-1 bdrm urn opt this summer. Bed, dresser inOption for fol. $106. per month + 1/3 6 2-cl Avai June I w/ opt for fall, pool, sauna utilities. Village Pork Aps. 375-1264. Subtle I bdrm -University Gardens from 371-1190. 4-5-10-2 4-5-5-2 May I -Aug 1 4 Walking distance to UF, bus route access, $250/mo. Keep $150 sec Shore beautiful home in Northwood. 3 br/2 2 rmts needed to shore 4 bdr townhouse 1/4 deposit -377-0203. 4-7-5-1 both furnished fireplace. Summer and/or bills only $100/month. Pool, tennis, basketfall option No l2se C2ll 375-5327 bol, clubhouse. Call 375-1454 9-11 m or SNOOZE late, walk to UF Sh2nds. 2 bed/2 4-6-10-2 after 3 pm. 4-5-5-2 both apt. Available May 1. fall option. Lois of e x'rosl Coll374-8599. 4-7-5-1 Mture, quiet, female for own room i 3 br, MALE/FEMALE to shore 2 bdrm/ b G0or2 b house in good NE 2rea starting May 1. town opt MAY-AUG. Own room furnished, Summer sublease w/ opt 3 bedroom 2 both $130-140/month + 1/2 uti 371-2187 near campus, on bus route $110 + V/2 util. opt n Regency Oaks Ap6s A valuable May 1 4-6-10-2 No deposit. Coll 377-8471 after 5. 4-23-19-2 Has great clubhouse nego. Call anytme 375-1267 475-1 0066 tur.oom with fu lbo 66in 267 2 roommates (female) needed to sublet trailer. Cstlegae. Sublet for summ. No summer semester, 2 rooms available 2 Want fem to l 6ve6 own bdrm 8 in turn sec. dep Call 373-6092 anyimef ll mid$122/mon. each, spacious 2prtment, cl homw for sum w/ f l 7pt Close to UF, on night 4-20-20-2 377-4278. 4-5-5-2 bus i 2e, w/ washer $120 + /3 ut 0725277 47-5-1 0SUMMER ROOMMATE SUMMER DEAL -female sublet I bdrmi needed Own room i 2 BR townhouse Onnicely furnished 2 bdrm pt option for fall. CLOSE TO CAMPUS -3 blks north of univ 2 ly $1 10/mlh + 1/2 util. Close to campus -Available May 1, May rent free $150/mo bedroom apt Available May opt fall Nice cal76 375-2435 4-6-10-2 373-846. 4-5-5-2 s6eet$2800amonth C 373-0408 4-7-5-1 Own room in 2 br turn opt $137.50 + 1/2 -SW Villas Nice 2 bdrm. available May 3 ul/mo. M roommate for summer + option Roommate needed to shore luxury 3 bdrm, $260 negotiable Option for fall 376-0923 for next yea 10 min walk to campus. Call 2,both, 2 story home. Fireplace, skywmKeep6rying 4-7-5-1 378-2688 4-7-5-2 dows. 2 sundecks, central /h. Cll 377-1719 or 375-1454 keep tryig! 4-5-5-2 Pine Rush -quiet shaded. 2 bdrm opt beg MSTR BDRM & ETH in large furnished 2 b/2 b May 2 pools lund 6c, good neighbors, apt $130/mo + 1/2 utif May thru Summer A -eed $667/62+1/36 ne o6 6 bus62e b 0ke path to UF 377-0762 &8, lots of extras 376-6224 2-11 pm NW6drmm22h.2.6/6 + 1 02,n 4 7-5-1 -15NW home, dshwr, cnirl ac/ht, great locale, 3765-2 15 min bike to UF, cable, start summer. Call 6666676._6676-6667-626 22666 ---8-26 ---6 Vic2378-4855.4-6-5-2 Summer Summer Summer fem. roommate to shore I bed apt I blk Subtle 2 br. I bit Close to cam. a, c turn from campus. Mar rent free $102.50 per $300/ 1 ,6h 6 2 May 6ree thru July with opm6 Ca6 Meg375-6223 af6er m 152 885 m7666662s6r6662r2om p.626 6on 375-5339 4-7-5-60272r4p22-5 6622272226762,om. ue76 .----------2nd floor, close to campus, Ig. yard. Come Hawaiian Vllage, Female for summer 2 by or call 1836 NW 2 Ave. 375-3969. 4-6-5-2 e bedroom apar'mentt o subtle. i,shBD Townhouse 1/2 Both $88.75/mn + ed quet, very close to campus, poo6 2 ready 1/4 .Call 378-5722. 4-1-5-2 Summertii2b22pass8fllopt. May6I6ask2for6Mono37725922or372-7555.070666266h62 /62 4-7-5-1 s r ri37 292 r37 75 .----------Own room in Ig 4 br 2 bo house 1 1/2 blks Shore 3 bdrm 2 bth house Nice wooded from Togert on SW_3rd Ave. Sublet 2wnhnThrea 5 min walk Shands, VA. Pets ok Ony2"/e. Coll Te.d27S2M2 se m 66 6Pen6x 2 bdrm, 661/2 Responsible female preferred. $113/mo 4-13-10-2 both. dw cent air, only $250/mo available 373-0223 keep trying, ees best Avail. April MayI For more ifoco1377-2702 4-7-5-1 1 4-5-7-2 Needrommatebginning7May7236Sh22 Sublease 2 b r 6 22 both furnished -2 bdrm opt. Neat, likes cats. Please call townhouse May -Aug 15 $305/mon. Aug 3 Blksto Tigert afer5 378-0717 .46-5-2 rent free, wait to campus, on bus route, / osrenc2Rpr fr.Aaly pools373-3730 4-7-5-1 6622sonie262662pr $62567M Regency Oaks -female wanted 2 br 2 b REGENCY OAKS -+ 1/2 u6 Dep, st & lost Call 378-9554 88750 772-A66 26666. Pool 727 2 7262622,2266h2wn7266m62to 6626e86276r 4-2-6-2 nis andsuno, bus-route. Call 371-6023, ask May I -option for fall; semi-furn-9'reot locafrSaron. 4-6-2 io, oBRANDYWINE 1-2 rmis for ms r bdr i -7-5-1 spacious 2 bd/2 b opt for summer, rent REGENCY OAKSFemale roommate neednegotiable. Cal377-0497 4-1-5-2 ed in 3 bdr opt for summer A and B Rent OAK FOREST sublet 2 bdrm townhouse on negot Call375-0248 4-6-5-2 the lake Many 'benefits. Must see to GREAT DEAL in REGENC Y OAKS own room 62672 76 6668 6676 666 37670 in cleanturnished apt $120/mo. May-Aug Roommp6e7WantedImIned22 -occp 67 66on7bus 88ne FEMALE 373-9923. 4-1-5-2 spacious NW 3 bedroom house with mle Subl 3 AUGU2Sbth FREEyaopt and female 1/3 utilities. Plenty of room for 66662636b7 28266 36262y2 276 2next to 6S6merNeed29g66s o.shreo bd ownspace373-0448. 4-6-5-2 p 6 & sauna fall opon, close to UF & l6w6622620736 2 626236ed2 6i2500826672p6school Str6ng May Call 371-2704 06226 2r7 Ho22p,$ i506a9 378-333566 42625-2022662667-6 7 Avalable now for summer. Furnrm.with own both in turn mobile hm Wash/dry, on R O M A T S SUMMER VACANCY Femaleroommate to bus line Many4extras. $105 + 1/2 Wi ROOMMATES share one-bedroom townhouse. 120/mo M or F to shore 2 bdr 2 balcony apt with Fall option 376-9634 4-1-5-2 private entrance Next to campus $110 Mate room in 4 bdrm house Close to cammonth 203 NW 15 St #4 876-8962 Need one roommate for summer ten pus $75/mo Ist, lost, no lease 1209 NW 12' 4-23-17-2 minute from school, cheap near super Ave 373-3812. -1-2-2 market and on bus route for more into cal ---375-3731 4-2-5-2 Mle or female roommate to shore a spacious 2-bedroom apt for summer Close FREE : 2 campus arid walking distance to shoppHELP ng centers, poo', laundry, parking 376-4833 4-6-5-2 water and garbage collection. mole roommnate for 2 bedroom turn op own room, need mo1le roommate May I-Aug 15 2 ROOMMATE WANTED close to campus $137 50/month Mybr/2 b 6 furnished, option for tal SW 34th Clean nonslnoking mole to shore furnished August op0i3nin al371-2719 4-7-5-2 and 2d Ave Near low school 373-9179 late condo of Bivens north for the summer, fall 4-2-5-2 or sprmg. Call Mike 378-1979. 4-13-10-2 DREAM COME TRUE ---female roommate wanted for nice 2 bdr apt April rent tree Female roommate wanted Best Deal In Town IIIIIIIII/month. Own across from O'Connel cir $149 00 a mo to share master bdrm & both in beautifully room In 4 bedroom brick ranch 2 miles March free! 1/2 utl For more information furnished apt Poolside $85.00 + 1/3 utifrom cmsieon 4hS. alj& 666 377-524222ft 600 pm.Gisel 4-7-5-2 Call 378-3110 4-2-5-2 e8ern2ons 371-0427.4-2.2 *Masler bdr available ot Wmdmeadows Non-smoking females to shore 3 bedroom Fen rmml. wnted own roomrn 2 bdrm move in now fully furnished exhouse in NW for summer-fall opt $140/mo apt of The Village for foil and /or summer. excellent pool weight room ca l + deposit Shore utities Call Suzonne $180/mo 371-6062. 4-7-5-2 371-2655* 4-7 5-2 378-0310 4-2-5-2 -olI 0or7M 7I-e--u-o-e--$85 FemaleOwn BR AND BA TH Furn M or F -own bedroom March, Apil rent free permnthOwn room 0mn bike rdefrom $130/mo + utIs Summer term At Reg Woodge Manor, pool, tennis, rqCboll campus Call Honk after 5 392-1821 or Oaks Call371-1293 4-7-5-2 $853/mo + 1/326, Ph372-6789, 4-2-5-2 373-5980. 4-7-5-2 Roommate for now, summer and/or fall Fall roommate (m) Shore 2 br lownfise Female roommate wanted to shore furnishOwn room i 2 yr old NW 3 bd/2 b house Sugar 6 Oaks Prtly turn HBO etc ed 2 bdrm opt Call 375-8928 for details $150 + 1/3 oll376-5615oter 5 4-7-5-2 $155/mo + 1/2 u. $75 deposit Call 4-7-5-2 ind 

PAGE 31

FALL668. 2 kis b6006 506906. 95664 1 sh6re 2 bd aPar0. sos bdn. $145 mo. 1/2 ustIS.Ak for Elisa 370-3973. 4-7-5-2 Fone,,1,O.,n,.a11e needed A,,il ,en,,,ee, T6o bedroom furn6.6ed pt 5 mns hot cafpusc1N Cher 30P.8O937S-I724. 4-1-1-2 Female R5M86 .5 -4dtoS hare NA frO sumo A & Pm /sption for f6 As.v b .y I $117.Wn60h + 1/3 uhI. Donn 372-5718 WindmeadowrsApt. 464-2 5orown,.5 s t45.8 s m 6 tnh6-as. 060/090566665o. lip i9986/gro. p44 0P30 111066. 5661 60 wPool. l5655.,. 66 373-3063-7-52 Suble I br aWindleadows Avoia ..,666611 furmd Fall option On bus rt .Cll37-5501. 4-7-5-2 FALL 82 1/2 nonssokeng fO 0 rOOMmOs .needed ,orentapt. for fse. CollCJ 3937125 4-7-5-2 Wanted: Ferole (or couple) nonsmoking for furn 2 bdt ap clawe to comp3us. oc. Pool.slaundry HO. 155/sMo + 1/2 ut 7.50Ls .Lom Opon 5507. 375-008I 4-775-2 Master b5565665mss69OISdoops. AMol0ble May-Aug .only S150 per month t.rn~shed! On bus route. great local-on Call 373-550. 4-7-5-2 VILLAGE 6715 2 60rn 5005 65615.15 fo soopo froflS7308 + 1/4311.7fo hole summer$115 + 1/4 for fall Own room Coil Dobbse 373-4092 or 377-3456. 4-7-5-2 06 O. 5069960 6 .~ 264 56p 595g~s6666p. 94600y*9*9 066006050567 -3 5655.6.6 .6. ..5. ..7.0.2. .5.5.-. .PHI.CH USDierCohypow IVreg. w2nd sae.TYp4 mg, iumepins owyery f lEM 8=t NM 2-3 hours a week in Ath*e FAMILY 0C1111CIACTIC aNTR w bo Excecd. .I -C' r pr ole 6nal mua 1 -60 ypo5n p VO. 5 PM 6 5 Earn. 56 wic066 eek.00 naly.s.hilsp"e andOwosogensMI0 T TlA Pmeno 530L (4S6Cer pow 0 s. *9MS0cric 0. -Dowrn. -39413. 4-23-17-6 D OW"05 M M -G5 6 96ASMA d9655 76-oan0 d spe1 .o5wc9.corre l Dre for Succm 495-315. 4-6-54 COW (Sinc 1969). 56 W. Unv. Ave. tshe msogments m you, backbone-the w U v 1 5o9-.6 .-8 4 376 1.9 Ca ll0 .orppoi0ne0m. 6S AD results b.6g6.O6 h.5 e eensso,, Fashion Show 9 t%~r TX6.0511 201.Great602pv5c, 6pe0liA8 in brhds, k 0865 0632 66-RA. For do. only. fora -&W8 Po3*9U ballr. hion. Alto wemwut On@W W p.suit. new, XL. madloft .WElling otal.Coil 371541950. 4-23-7" T"Ltftvok 01oe,4__ 0M Cal Bob or Keith V1037-154-1-2-4 4-23-55-6 lis 65565065609.60. .60606d.1.g .66.CO 30-650 3-2-5-FR EE 5616sloo6661.6 Pmtho.e Lovebi.d for sale wh cage. $a63imninui .5 9 Add aset 0M7per 65690 y,0ior6e.8oe -0n percent 6 A people dden Plus free kilen. Cot Sandie 6.379901. 3 e7ssmW prepa6a6i. Develop a li5e'i s o6"alp6 S INA55and0di80s0a56e6with yaw'yoarouyndk 4-2-3.4,46osd664 ~ 0 .466666o0u -1390 h abuofMsl2-w --3 skilo-orienand nutusone. 0 s n te s, bWWdplem a -Howdonors ac4 -1"---C573378-90L.4-2355. cetpdde0i4. No op. necay. SPINA EM 010=.gTIYMN.Wt= aoch F&od Wtti ".:5-~ ESpr ing Bash EROTIC Rsitntws otow Qo. worsiniaTisa wr~ Pt .nw.ais h EXAM INA SngBs n.M.5 yr.wassna. S LAR X 41=1Del 4-23-4 3,.5.2 Dlt__a Upsilon --_ _ ._ __ ADU ETS N =GE -flest~s parttime Beautiful,5666,,.e.o Wben ou r.,oew. gi.0e 14 k. iGOI II hours. Good pay. MUAT have plenty of &z-TheRi ff 1091 1tpe machine. Hungry sto.dent o.ust have 5"is 06ns 6an 0ea5i 0059the 60o6e600peritcColl372-26.4-5-5-8 sacrifice for much dd cash. Rip me off. p in town. CollScottat W3041.W. -_e s $175 will bicker. Coi 378-1902after 6. As 4-23-50-6 5A06056UW 9H4M 03THAN 23.35/hr? for ErKs 4-1-2-4 _6_0 Thomas 86bn k. is g to hire 10 C 5heFam il 11o11c 7C.16 rD Apri13 Gopher it ----_.__ TYPING:Leo, i 1996540 L g6. d9d. s sod0rkinosg 0.154 ne Afor. Shog6. D.C. 373-70170 107 SW 2 Ave 2 Fender orecaser w/ rani, 1972Maple w/ report es =kn#arl y. &%it t*_ m r.nw Wod ftbe han*d w numes.bocifa inUF -2N9 w ith ChlIitZ and whil P7ck guard. in 7 client condition. Nancy, 372-27%. 34-0-66 Cal374-1975 for more nso s 5son. 450 -----$4000 lfr Coll Dave 378-0950 ---"&Sl-----S--------eureSvU 4-6-5-4 IM 0V5E YOM GRADE1 Research Part51te .Applyn person only Affirmbrin'"" -CO ~'SNI OOgD8 U -catalog -y-Again. 1125W UnvetisrtAve 4-2-3-8 Uns. Ave 377-67006QUA lTY fn as 4-2-3-9 Leaving town! Musi5ll530b6pages-10.278'_optics qu__ .4-23-37-9 )0-s Moped 50cc Deluxe Model 7 months -Rush$ 0 0.Box25097C old, kept ondo 0s, many extra&. Coil Los Angeles. 1 213) 477-8226V *0"5 '"0n65n60 ov.d0bNe 0 .hEoss 376-3908 or 371-0319 4-2-3-4 4-2-26 PERSONA ane0hesia66 a556.631564os.006p09o 0UnontdSHo0Reove ODRNALScro' if ~'r .-". 3$6 F urnilurewaterbed/ hoter. dresser. GEA windowa/c. couch, mirrors. lamp.3-chrs. coffeeablt, pokertoble Olyms7os1mera, clock. Call Jeff 371-0427 fter1 2-noon MUST SACRIFICE -Ir p cerwn vego 41S5R w/ IS" woofer Brand new $575 00 or best offer Scott 373-3720 Roommate* anted sumAer A. Own 6-5bedroom.n 6drm.,p on bus roue $,65 and 1/2 uhIes per month. Call 377-430 SFI -MoaaOOh 66 in slalom -2001 Great 4-6-4-2 condton-skng $100 Call 373-0747. keep tryig. 4-2-3-4 Nonsmoking male. own room io3br ---house. Reno for summer with option for fai Brand new spoke mogs 4 2.5 5, 55/mon1h + 1/3 Ph. 377-2242 4-7-5-2 Brdgseslone steel belled 70 odols $225 Sony open reel lpec lock$. 200. 40-wost Female room wanted forSu 5me^ boost. 377-3290. 4-2-2-4 Own room n 2 bdrm furn townhouse 8 -----per month + 1/2eec. Coll Sandy378-1117. Bcycle-Free Spol 10 speed men's 26 in 4-6-4-2 frome. good condition. $80 Coil Manny 371-1396. 4-7-5-4 F non-smaking. clean, studious, own room ---------------in Waio0er. $63 + 1/2 usl. 4 miles from 00 0 **AMPLIFIER OPOn so sulee for Foil. 377-4164 -YGs g ui sop 700 0w s 151 4-7-5-2ear tremolo reverb 4 bond eq. Coil Eris Own room in 3 bdrr house close so the ------0n56 $105/ma,-1/3uisites.$.1.00 1. Weddng-gown. veslip Ann Aai5/1/82. Ist 6st. psit. 370-725. neclne, fitted.bo satin11 0, Lo. 4-7-5-2 p76e0 e h250 ce P a l n7e-2 .4-7-. wtsai v-1035030 Phone37-264S. -75.4 FOR SALE 1/2 PRCE BEDDING Des. Dre6ers. 068s0 6So oDonng 50 sefts. 1A. 1 0101s. coffee and end tables etc.Wide --onto chioome fom See to Affoodoble Fnftum e Addor1g. I20 E Unv. Ave( block st of W Rad.sd.) 373-SSM E423-754 NINA'S NOOK Do" tcouch"mmdoos, -w%"W-beh, *9 A60551sT-5A67.0-.6 10 .-un. 0Am0-0b5h0T"o ell 423-75car SwooSrooraf hm grow souod sysW prof iW wonaonsond trieny .d .0226 MW 13 S. 372-2070 Opn 10-7 -33-756-4 STEREO is OEEM a Dt0C3N0I6F. 72 S Moon. 11he00 hfd MWEver8MC50so27 0t.56 5 n po 97160619 Tolmo373. 44-10-4 Maxot hom. aloy rvkS.u0our qupped0ood050.6008.0600.033.222--15-4 Full bedroom so for salsl imcludes desk, dressers. shmoves. nd %win sszm bedlitAN excenw c76550.Col6372-99colato6r6 USED OFFICE FURNITURE more omn 6o imk tobs, dsse~cre.ar.al desks. 70 5a0.e5red 15t,0 650650.me. e1n.15smr.e s,.,. 30.c11u.5. chows. 65 arm c41rs, display cal500. counters. and much -toe The Office Marl 69053232Ave 33-756& 4-2321-4 For sole -10 speed free Spwr mo5n's 26 in. home. Good cooo 60SI 00or bo6fe Coil K7392-70663 4.1-5-4 For sale -mdrshorskne gropte ski, texas S1ru1nwot / 6.6116 printer, hydrosido. 0eow6L*kas ova.d0le Coll David -37577&.4-24--4 Bond Ale9b6= -for sale -sllow109g Oolr-net n p.rIcond. f156644or$375col a loss. Market v55 .e $775 Ca7 378040'392-940009 4-2-5.4 Travel troAw 0r2 roadwasler 32' so" car;o0ed. po door, .1s-oll 54g, 030uCn do hrted Sbay (Ms TrgrPark V4753017 Haripoon 5.6.4*6606.695154 .oe nacok-@WO mo "A" to uy nou outiy eo w at Of 0140 cst it C1lOCA&655nowow ss 5700.03w737306.-24 975 s A7d6060al 4 C76.2 W 65"60 amr mew tow Por, mom gn g,219 4-6-5-4 2 Quality sont body se. 9 6y car repcw ca reasonable rafts. spacai room taor fac^it, staff. studens, CCf-ce376-4952hom472-349.56-M.6 Ss me & iOElseipas W. Wm1.WrityoAve. 437 F56. 5545.014 *.**M -372-78568.60 Spe7.ng5 som. .o.n 600Ter Madamss, scrapes, etr ****Nr G' ofl~i-W laht**" 4-23-30-6 BEST TYPISTW 4 TOWN Expp Gd Sch To. PPys. Resumes, eft. Los 377455 Results Guaronseed 4-i4-306 8s06ns-.OE0f.1156 P'ot-quack service for yp5. word pro/ yp/ prant. 1015 W U2bis 5.0UF 375-3355/375-1633-64-117-6 Y-'f-snhed yow paper-now comes Hogown 1.5! Hogtown Typn190 Service-375-0333. 6es Isto col-4:30-Mom. 42-to.6 YOUR RESUMENEDS a color photo to akeo0p5op5 r p6e-. sSy Per pc--. 502 MW IS o. V 3% Hire IwCk wil do -o"-n and oddlbCo ,60 Yo,-ho ,,05 sh,,-, -.0ocoe. 373-5021.4-10 -ogs. u -is, low mil.og.heinem.: ""cluded. 2.0 or besta fter 370-3214 STEREO REPAIR (bro. c66.01se'lby :"osO6.o FAST Askig $115 or best offer. CoI 392"379 -FAIR ngs 47-5-4F for sale: Kenmore automatic room air cond. ', ec e lc sts es ara 500 bu, fian/emp controls, one -on6h whip it Webks,373-44 -4246 old. excellent cond. asking S260 coil Poe -_ .___ ___ _ 377-4:00 --4 1 W115 1'11111111 --fe"in"am"Sme"'"o AUTOS TPN 1964 Mwrcgdes scion. Gasoline. This car Rasoal ats k-&db oe~t has hodone owner. 372-5410. 4-1-5-5 15 % on ss0a66or chlow"Aft1 .4*.9o ----------------5706375.6606063 4060 973 9yso6th7 6Good dFp5ndb co; loo" good and moc5686 co6yOnd. 60019960015 -a 569 C5i oh6 4:0. 378-5W o 377-439 0r$1/ POW 57M6CAV60116SW1C11 1I 4-6-5-5 Down Feor9 d377-5469 4-l-6364 w wm clOns off"e Coll 372-1664 A-23-17-9 W056166660 TANor A56 S 00706 Mm0 A fo1 we 3D. 3year s .6S6lonS0 Roo "TAN for Sr, 5OV E10U5d Dwyer E 85E0.63 .how n 376-9133 4-2-09 rop6mm. Sohdo 9Fcs R Ebody ho -b6kis-to6 5h6.gonforever. Wereo04 1000 DO N 080660556 .$oo1530 G05swss0.Ph 372-0 -2!3-75-115156 (un6ned soI) Adds5 7nnng -ors $10N 60 ned)mt s menon of 7 ca eeyor LDoydClawim's RockwtShop I WS SAVE ON RAYBANS 6069005 St 37-7360 Open 7 do5 n-f 0---5. &n7"-11SKYDIVE 07 ***FREE** FFoang gators or* lung a 1S UMP coww et. at the unon -R349 of 7 pm 6Eeryone S .s w om Infocl fo372-1957 Free w0v 4-&.1 9 A 5o OTHm 5m 6oblut P -0-711censww irs wriporions to be able so commIunec-Ote 377-4W7 but what S com,76 ?How S done"6F6nd6 423-75-9 out 1 pov V,, yscoomm ab OS 374-8705 4-615-9 .6 at 6s3tr Cmdc wtHads Prwsg 76633 91Pro o0",W 006058 Good to ce500 6*9.6 3744951 4-275-9 --,d for more 0, 5s1dy Very 7_85566_reasonablep"aocopu Chs 376-8962 030OGACAMC606071MV01 4-23-2"P9c11e 0006s a o 8ogyp6er 5Asy YO, Prtner 5r15 PlOy Eosc ShuTe00e63s) '1, 1 01a 06g say of7 iebok Codgom. Great8 gr#1/sbr60ckS#3,656toA$WOWand5d6wome scrsessw p "Snd 9995 TS 502 4W 7 5#191 -*92, .Aply0ow860o* d.00 by 431-1-9 '.006".6Sanite s.--. r 75e 65.456 e3-0 Cd.lor. 375-300WO.5g85.00o80005 looko for e50 --og.0NW8Rn*375-661 47-10-9 New fd h a byd dMecodsafte 195FCC 6.11m, s-smh Tecs-agy -, 9145 1' "10c 0. W g6 $4 go 796pwmell36o g6dima0s. b16,, 606 000W5w0/9.637755M -s.56 -o --S ---001) 911 -to" 0 .00605581900*96550.AND 6o49 o. Done -Job attift .8365 6 A 5.9. mombo* .onge 79and6'820 Fa___ e"m 0W*gog Cos"So -3-25.9 IFA~ ~ HEALTH SREA. 00 HEAR0 0650 i e so .opirs ".0 e .4 1we howe 1, RORmACIeC,.-, c woamA a Dam an wompooftaw ==01M. coma 5+ CHIROPRACTIC H'by Appoontrent 75656 fltols6 0 -,5 oe.Sgong so 01sodent A o ng fra Spec,01 Lady fo, o t,,endly ,eo Mnh ."A ea we poIWI#V*per. ,0If Y-oqlfy -M.h7 "lot'try$ 3769506 MISOGYNISTS UNITE! P &QV if1115 5-7tun to4do0the11u,.05g 422Anors nsaefo o h1,4,nr# bother 4al on the beach, or hOv bou, 0 8-9 ode short% ay 337A5 Sahe wrOk andup. Porero gnt6 nae 5rns w.9 0n11e5. b I9I*"3Yo soO 7n8and can't -clot 5. 10.t.sw 9o b 7sV. 5 s5615h yos Oy ros gveS 70 .on 0 6, ..5-9 15640600-.o. 0--o -h 6on 6660956er otb oss E"s o g --'yb66"56606697 1y" 5ada '"9 60 &~O-y de-*$.n. 59.lota 50bo6n6ao. 01-171 Cop 50568 A *9006C 0061558 C^tn T'M CIO'-vm td ,Alsta lif t.F41,54676036 O"' '' and wms emid aoast d ----1 (1 54.h 600. 5.a6 100-C buoYCOUM5 4-1-40 55*06.A ~O.9.OACMNIW Fe Commwsxtey Coe. g 375-00 1 3-66_9 poop ga -km ooomdboomww e e HOOiOW and so A# bm to ow aftAoom aftnnem Id",h *9. *96.95I 6.11 21 St 32 ,C.3am, 37m5-666e4S-3i go" sp. w66'7G. VSM5 -234" mdnAM AWMWO WsCPMMChn Cb CHEVY L0V truck. N-cond.n and out A ---A .A $I60OYAMAHA RD 4WS0 M9YA65OPE9 .0mECo( ? A ecAJm606O960M 60s ----.QJ. J4wy usrs-656 -r600 005s. PopSd.350. Call352-702. 4-2-3-5G 00563FEG14A NC Y.IF So. --"--f-t-------.6 Co0 e vo wo as0 Uameno -a0rem n ow InTk of-116'72 Toyo Corono 6rk6N.6Clean G 00 666000p 6 9 r .a eal.Coll Tom ohm S 5Pn home Progratamsi ms mm e Imis w m mapaommooadmmamoa. o 371 -1713, work 377-7170. 4-5-5 loa n6. Sept andJam6 For me,4 o dmlnwk*A came--o----bn orea o-0cm md. 8owvom oo pWmat1 m 1960 0156.86310 GO AM/SM comim006 5o S20ex-20o 20L413. 1cd I1111003IIII spend,32 a", exceilervecond43.n,6#ranS M KMMNO-0) V -M -d3 5 3G7 3 -a7eM N I 084rmt8 -7 8 8 8 4-2-3-5EXPSEYCuJaF swnBIM oWR a Z2 Commo -iuual bronze, off sumroot /0We r ym o 00n37CO7-60. 3-6.5378-9191 --1 --'*-a --I bow ofer over S Can Al147wc.377-63624 hil Snloombn2 n's A.o 34-9155 3-3o you loan 453-5 H .o C,.o eoo n -ooo& MeE.s36M3-4. 1976~3D. 71A0 door 4 sp.d -cod-r ,-*e ."o-H TLCS$. o-/fm stereo, now baynaerorvile4HO LACS$1.3 Exic cnd PR ed to sell 5795.377-367. 4-6.-6 Aor a -coe &bkovowstm loces for 4-2-2-5 P16015as 365m6=mm too 60 3 Uod os ah lp IM --60 s== 0 1306 5.r 2-Mke000w o a 61e09om 72 Py Solei~too316.ec cond or/f. 66 4*"' 0 od+ 0 5m.l 3o2-242amm S 9m IM13b St sow open Savespr hdrs du3l e2h. now gs, wses,2corp under$ O 6 2 mm6 --o -3de ---5 soov whi 16/21 Spg 013001n5 378-6333C I-ammoorm, 4.7.5.5 YE OWTo"sACEmT sTRINGINGSdALSEPrices S : 000-2 M 18O MIadn7 o .Psor 5690. 564 96 0wor iom& _____2i__o ______ -WO-vioWU v4 m 9Lewn -.5112iing 056561 a &2255 sagemStamom S9") ----_ -aps 7 S50565.63nsamnsn f SERVICES me "' w ad"of Corw L-0 Ow Pin oes -Mmic vow= Smom Cap bery~ o. _________________ _O.W -59 t So W A3158d P",76 6511119116111516 11165101511 5763to5Sim64. 0006gwdJewGSift" MMU5S -curmie rde a Sle"pyHclowwoodedtfrols loosing 8renats Insorucison CASH orqvnorgeo any L 00 os 9656611woo&6566598geCopleteboding 6s s W o m s *9 373*~0.V~80-62,89 'Vea -0 65 Co. 0se0~M 3754060 346633264423.5-6 s4oys.6. 376-5*9 0 6s -, -2X754 Co 7 39 -Tome Ammons typing foso and c~ufato ReA sonolo M 234 foC IO Morlo2rCASO cm emor on soe Epr Pp ers,507tiews0 .Cx5o0.s som o aNh377 73ow35l ory6 .I lomimooe W ewM 5 ots oostoar .soms *0c Rio 375 1486 wng of o0 f s w O + 7-23"95mad6 0730s 4 23756 423-75.7 -p mm--fro059 3a -00 191W40 5063"50.s5'"Or6slow 6565 .3 ism 5aA5Crd fsbo46soone torAmod v 7b65*9 oLCaN mw Nw umh a mo Aqscopkcs POOCesoter bpoif brdong7etox Copos8 doong I V25 637102 4-6-c7 -S r 219W UlrY 0s1r6y A5. 370-9353 --____damom al a m e. a Me r 4I (Owl r lls1od ff Cof"p ) 56)WAM A60R 0 0 (SgN" 0.6s82 5 oooeaq the. e n. Wo .923-S a, 6 423-75youIs how"O58Ng 8 AV66r 63amesm a .b 0 A bMemoaa O 0m a 30wO4054 0010.4~0vol T 5ypO **TAU MKO516. 101,90 A-2-27 DOLFINMor low1boo". l,"Rbov" Notorded ors m" ov4ar--lpdooW wsioov OW OLa Fmiladrs b:m,m. P A p r to '-40Pro isfypng~fd choul approved 99 W Aspk 80 0mjem Me.% .4 A J.9 16 Io)373402 After 5 376-3706 A en dee n or.0. aas mow 150050 15696940065k629 W NTED06WA. 60 64oI6,4 6 5 mo05800J"pae6 6 3-009 31a e1 e.rsosaw Unroof,-0111, I A 1896smb; All__INShop__________So 3-3. slorkpoormit6 76-576 1 y -60 -m1w .o m m"J-m.3.M~-4teae0tr em0 6" 3-OhaMs neM"m-o0meAm'a mo 860 6 s. 6s-su 9%N9.--a-oN 323 62654 -6s-.s.-s 36608O. py". a Ow veecofton i a good fr o as o s Am -a=* Be hpyand myre to", LOST AND FOUND F aVV10do I"wo& d4m and b"t kK* ey -W dbos saw FewoW o ny e VPa 66505656 'sodim Cp s 30 *9 5~66a 4t 5 11 p156 #or .3. 503e646 REWARD bmaso.aiop 573 cma 0465 3,171 6 z37 7 4-51, 1 0 nea~c se.mra akm e .W SwWds l amso-,0 2 762 475.67,i ( %11ADVTI g .0a.0 ~ ~~ 

PAGE 32

St. alligator, thursday, april 1, 1982 ''' p i t NCAA switchd divides women's collegiate sports my S tt K l e tion of ignoring until 1985. Alligator Staff Writer Under AIAW rules, prospective student athletes could not be contacted in person unNCAA Executive Director Walter Byers til they visited the campus of the school said it was a decision "intended to provide a recruiting them. Trips to a campus were paid choice. for by the student athlete. A choice, he said, for universities to retain Under NCAA rules, three off-campus membership in the Association for Interrecruiting contacts with the proset and collegiate Athletics for Women, the sole members of her family are permissable. An governor of women's sports since 1971, or to additional three off-campus contacts at the join the 76-year-old NCAA, the traditional prospect's school are permissible. One trip manager of men's athletics. for the student athlete to campus is paid for It was a short-lived choice. by the institution. She also is limited to six Many schools, spurred by the NCAA's paid visits to Division I or Division 11 abilities to reimburse them for travel exmember institutions. penses to national championships and Eligibility rules for transfer students also generally give women's sports a higher differ between the two leagues. Under AIAW degree of visibility, switched allegiance from regulations, students who transferred imthe AIAW to the NCAA. mediately were eligible to compete. But In all, more than 20 percent of AIAW's under NCAA guidelines, transfer students, as membership of some 960 schools made thea rule, must sit out one academic 'season switch at the first opportunity to do so, the before becoming eligible to play. 1981-82 academic year. Plus an additional The playing and practice seasons in 12 percent of AIAW members decided not to basketball also are restricted by NCAA rules. participate in the association's national Practice cannot begin until Oct. 15 and the championships this year. UF is in the process first contest cannot be played until the last of switching to the NCAA. Friday in November for Division I schools AIAW president Donna Lopiano said these such as UF. In comparison, there were no losses placed the association in a staggerlimits on either the playing or practice ing" financial situation, a situation so seasons under AIAW rules. burdensome the AIAW was "put out of Lady Gator head basketball coach Mickie business," unable to offer memberships to DeMoss said it was these changes in schools for the coming academic year. recruiting and playing and practice seasons Even so, the association has decided not to that could most affect her program. "Now fold without a fight, and has filed an antiwe'll be able to recruit just like the men," she trust suit that calls the NCAA's decision to said. enter women's spurts "a massive effort to DeMoss also said it was "kind of sad" to b uy women's athletics and add to its consee the AIAW fold. "I't was the foundation glomerate interests." of women's athletics. I don't think they gave Citing violations of the Sherman Anti-trust it a chance." Act, the suit, filed Oct. 9, 1981, in Federal Lady Gator softball coach Frances Cox District Court in Washington, D.C., charges agreed with DeMoss' assessment that women the NCAA with "conspiracy to restrain trade will "be able to recruit like the men," but adand commerce in the governance, programs, ded that "more regulation would place more and promotion of women's athletics." pressure on the athletes." It also asserts that the NCAA used its ex"Because they regulate (recruiting) so cess monopoly profits from men's athletics to much, it makes it not as personable and more purchase the women's market, and that pressure-packed," she said. unless the AIAW suit is a success, there Additionally, Cox's team plays slow pitch ultimately will be "no intercollegiate athletic softball (rather than fast pitch), a sport curbody but the NCAA" or an organizatiss rently not sanctioned by the NCAA. Cox subordinate to it. said, however, that she is certain that with In turn, William Kramer, a lawyer for the the aid of an AIAW "push," the NCAA NCAA, said the AIAW's claims that the Lady Gator s ftoll would choose to offer slow pitch championNCAA has violated anti-trust laws ar ...is a sport which currently doesn't come under NCAA sanctions. ships in the future. without merit. "The anti-trust laws are Regardless of Cox's certainty the NCAA designed to promote competition, not to will sanction her sport, there is a sense of inpreserve the position of an organization security and uncertainty as to how the already dominant in a particular field," he ranked Rutgers University. As a result, the far back as January of 1980. In April of NCAA will govern women's sports on the said. AIAW suffered a loss of about $600,000, 1981, the NCAA scheduled conflicting dates whole. Lopiano disagreed, saying the AIAW only said Marilyn Weiss, AIAW's commissionerin basketball, swimming, field hockey and Said UF gymnast Ann Woods, "The AIAW filed the lawsuit "because it became increasat-large of national championships. cross country. was a -good program started by women that ingly apparent that this (financial) impact Weiss, also director of athletics for women NCAA Women's Championships Director built up almost to the equivalent of the was not the result of fair competition." at UF, said NBC reasoned that since most of Ruth Burkey, said the championship dates NCAA. It's just going to take awhile to find, The suit, which AIAW director of publ i the nation's highly ranked schools chose tor were established in the best interest of serout how it's (the NCAA) going to be run." relations Shari B. Kharasch said will not be participate in the NCAA's wrmen's basket icing the sport." Weiss echoed Woods' sentiments. "Right heard until late summer, also charges the tall final, it did not have to honr the coWeiss saw the conflicting dates as just one now we don't believe in the NCAA rules NCAA with inducing AIAW sponsors to avenue the NCAA used to gain control of because we feel that ours are more in line discontinue or modify its support of AIAW tract e N nals pa n what she called a "marketable product." with the needs of the student athlete. The sir odiy is spprrt ii lA lay pied No. I Luisiana Tech Univessevents, including televised championships. t i against No. 2 Pennsylvania's Cheyney "Women's sports didn't used to be signifiNCAA is not concerned with student rights Those televised championships include the State Collee cant,and now that they are, they (the NCAA) -that's why we've been at odds for so long. women's Division I basketball final, which want control. They forced it on everyone, she "But the NCAA can give visibility to NBC in 1980 contracted to televise. This AIAW leaders say they lst the basketball said. women's athletics, plus dollars to provide year, however, NBC announced it would not championship because of NCAA strategy to What the NCAA primarily "forced" on the other things. Eventually, it is where we televise the game, played Sunday between schedule championships that coincided with AIAW was several recruiting rule changes, wanted to be. I just object to the way we got fifth-ranked University of Texas and eighththose of the AIAW, which were scheduled as which AIAW member schools have the opthere." McDonnell, gymnasts eye AIAW championship S By JorgeMllen Then came last weekend's tournament in Utah. In McDonaffected McDonnell negatively. Alligator Writer nell's opinion her performance not only was embarrassing "Lynn thought with Ann being hurt, the load was on her (23rd place in all-around with 35.10 pints) but also a major shoulders," Weaver said. "Lynn is a very emotional girl and Nineteen eighty-two has been an up ansi down year as far factor in UF's disappointing seventh place finish. sometimes she'll let things affect her too much." as UF gymnast Lynn McDrinnell is concerned. Just when "Nothing could be worse than the way I performed last McDonnell, now believes this weekend's AIAW championthings looked like they were coming together for the week," said a teary-eyed McDonnell. "I placed a lot of ship meet will allow her to make up to teammates, coaches sophomore, it all came apart at last week's NCAA national pressure on myself. I said to myself, 'Lynn, this is it. This is and fans for her performance in Utah. championship in Salt Lake City. your chance to show everyone what ysou can do.' I wasn't "I'm going for number one teamwise and individually in But just as there is a down, an up must follow. With that relaxed. In my mind I was thinking everything was going to that order," McDonnell said. "The AIAW is not as thinking, McDonnell hopes she can make up for the disaster go wrong and it lid." prestigious as the NCAA but it would still be nice to win a in Utah by leading the number one seeded Lady Gators to A particular disappointment was an 8.50 score, her kowest national championship, especially for the seniors (Woods, the AAW national championship this weekend at Memphis, of the season, on the balance beam. Last year McDonnell Kathy Gordon, Mary Heidenwol) who have helped me so Tenn. finished second best in the nation on beam and sixth in the much since I came to school." world at the World University Games. Weaver agrees that winning the AIAW would help lessen 'The season started horribly for McDonnell, who said she "I fell off my mount and then again on my one-and-a-half the disappointment of the NCAA debacle. was suffering from "personal problems." The Lady Gators twist," McDonnell said. "My head wasn't together on beam. "Winning in Memphis would give us something to show reeled backward along with McDonnell, dropping two of I let all the things bother me that I usually can put out of my for our efforts this year," Weaver said. "These girls have their first four meets, mind. The platform we were competing on was small and I been fighting and working hard all year, we've come back Things began to change after the season's fourth week for let that get to me. I let all the commotion with the fans and from a lot of adversity and it would be great to finish the UF and McDonnell as the squad won eight of its next nine the television cameras (CBS was taping the event for a Sports season successfully." meets, including the Southeastern Crnference championship Spectacular segment) bother me. It was a chaotic situation Despite her back injury, Woods is expected to compete Friand both the NCAA and AIAW regionals. It appeared and I just didn't handle it correctly. I felt out of place, sort day and Saturday night. The senior was walking stiffl. in McDonnell had returned to her 1981 form, when she had of like a foreigner." practice this week, but as Weaver comniented, "Ann is as won the SEC gymnast of the year award. The Ridgewood, UF head coach Ernestine Weaver felt a pre-meet injury tough as nails" and the possibility of Woods not competing N.J. native cracked 36 points in eight of those nine matches. (sprained ligament between two back discs) to Ann Woods in her final collegiate meet is "very slim." L. I opq 
