
PAGE 1

)w The Independent MNA Florida Alligator APRIL 2,1973 Published b% (amipts C ommunications. hic. GIainlesville. H orida VOL. 65, NO. 107 \olassociatett with the Unieriltv ol Florida Would be used for married housing UF ponders Tanglewood purchase See related story, page 2 By JIM SEALE Alligator Staff Writer UF has plans to purchase the Tanglewood Apartments at 2901 SW 13th St. for $2.9 million for married students as Flavet Village married housing units will be demolished, according to UF Housing Director James Hennessey. UF President Stephen C. O'Connell will ask the Board of Regents (BOR) at its April 9 meeting to approve the plan to purchase the 208-unit Tanglewood complex instead of the UF's previous plan to build a new 222-apartment complex east of University Village. Hennessey explained that UF decided to buy Tanglewood rather than build a new apartment complex because it was less expensive "and the units would be more readily available." Married housing director Charles Davis said that the average rent of the Tanglewood units would probably be about $90 to $100 a month, as opposed to the $120 to $140 a month rent which would be charged for the previously planned apartments. The University originally had gotten BOR approval three years ago to build the 222-apartment Tanglewood Apartments may replace Flavet as married housing complex for $2.88 million. It was to be paid for by the BOR selling bonds on the open market, with UF paying three per cent interest and federal loan subsidizing the rest of the bond interest. BUT IN THREE years, Hennessey said, building costs of a 222-apartment complex had risen from $2.88 million to $3.6 C11 C. J. WALKER Wheelchair kicks off drive The 1973 fund raising drive of the Alachua County Easter Seals Society was duly "kicked off" Saturday by a wheelchair trek down University Avenue by members of the society's board of directors and city commissioners Ed Turlington and Courtland Collier. After hassling with street curbs and other inaccessible areas, this chair now rests before City Hall, in hopes that it's future rides will be made easier by contributions. million, and that the amount of money from the Housing and Urban Development's (HUD) College Housing Program to subsidize interest on the bond under the $2.88 million proposal wasn't enough. Hennessey explained that it was the federal subsidized interest loan "that lets us keep our rents down." The BOR must approve the new proposal and HUD must approve subsidized interest loans for the new plan, stressed Hennessey, before any negotiations to buy Tanglewood could begin. HUD appraisers must make inspections of Tanglewood to determine the feasibility of federal funding before HUD will approve the change in plans, Hennessey also said. HENNESSEY said that "if we get a green light on everything," purchase of Tanglewood could be mady by August I and married students could move into Tanglewood for fall quarter. SG campaigns By DEBBIE STOUDT president is Marsha Burns, Cesar Alligator Staff Writer Perez for treasurer and Jim While Sunday officially began Harrison, 4LW, for honor court nine days of campaigning by chancellor. Jack Kabat is the four student government parties, candidate for chief justice of the today kicks off the campaign traffic court. speeches and promises. Future Changes Party is The four parties vying for running Tyrie Boyer as government positions are the presidential candidate, Berni People's Party, the New Singley as vice presidential Direction Party, Future Changes candidate, Mike Blocker as Party and We. treasurer, Julie Huston as honor RUNNING ON the People's court chancellor and Richard Party as presidential candidate is Cole as chief justice of the Keith Towtsley, 7AS, for vice traffic court. president, Peter Flanagan, 3AS, WE IS RUNNING Gary and Wayne Schwartz, 4AR is the R u t ledge as presidential candidate for chief justice of the candidate and Marian Jedrusiak traffic court. as vice president. Gary Newbert Presidential candidate for is running for treasurer, Mark New Direction is Jim Reinman, Pollack for chancellor of honor 31LW. On his slate for vice court and Leonard H.O. Married Housing Director Charles Davi said occupants of the 240 apartments in Flavet Village would not have to move out until other married housing units became available. Davis said that Section 2 of Flavet, comprising 6 apartments, would be phased out first and no new occupants would be taken for this section. He said the individual Flavet buildings, with 8-12 units, would be phased out as soon as only two or fewer families remained in them. begin Spearman Jr. for chief justice of traffic court. Townsley thinks his party is unique because nearly all his candidates are new faces to student government. "We're free from the mistakes of the past," he said. He explained that lie was running so that through his actions, people like the Board of Regents would realize that students aren't radical like the press has suggested and thus they would be more willing to allocate additional funds to the university. JIM REINMANN, said he thinks student government has lost credibility with the (See 'Campaign page 3) Bill creates mcnagement.board for Shands By MARY JO TIERNEY Alligator Staff Writer In o r d e r t o im prove management of Shands Teaching Hospital, State Rep. F. Eugene Tubbs, R-Merritt Island. introduced' a bill making the University of Florida, the Board of Regents and the State Department of Education no longer responsible for the administrative controls of the teaching hospital. Tubbs, a former research intern and resident at Shands, also provided in his bill to return any money that has been appropriated to the hospital by the legislature and not used development of the 405-bed Tubbs said there are eight during the fiscal year to hospital hospital. (See 'Shands 'page 2) projects, rather than back to the state's general funds, as is done Ap i F o a now. April Foolshs come In an earlier news report. and gone. Tubb stated "superfluous see pages 5, 6, 7 controls" are impeding the 

PAGE 2

Rock' out Randy Kidd, one of the entertainers who performed in Saturday's multi-community service rock concert held on the Plaza of the Americas, sings before 500 on the lawn. The concert, sponsored by Ye Pirate's Crewe, served as a used clothing collection site for the Community Action Center, a voter registration drive outpost, campaign stomping grounds for city commission candidate Jean Chalmers and a SMC announcement forum. PHOTO BY E.H. KAMENITZ Flavet residents protest village phase out By JIM SEALE Alligator Staff Writor Flavet Village residents protested plans by UF Housing to demolish the 240 Flavet units, several claiming that phasing out the low-priced rental apartments would make it financially impossible to continue attending UF. Flavet units rent for $27 a month for one bedroom apartments and $29 a month for two bedroom apartments exclusive of utilities charges. This is considerably lower than either campus of off-campus apartments. A LETTER to The Independent Alligator signed by Flavet residents protested that no residents were ever informed of the planned demolishment and that no administration or housing official had consulted them on the matter. Director of Housing James Stands FROM PAGE ONE levels of administration "that have to be threaded starting with the doctor. From him a request must be routed through the hospital administrator, dean of the medical school, vice president for health affairs, president of the university, the Board of Regents commissioner of education and the Cabinet Board of Education." Rather than have the State Board of Regents and the State Education Department control the management of Shands, the ubba Bill would create an Management Board that would only be responsible to the governor. The Management Board would include UF President Stephen C. O'Connell, Medical Affairs Vice President Dr. Edmund Ackell, Medical Dean Dr. Chandler A. Stetson, Chief of Staff Dr. George Singleton, two persons to be appointed by the governor, two from the general public and three who are doctors. The board would be given the authority to regulate and manage the development of the hospital. In a meeting with the Shands house staff of residents and interns Tuesday night, Ackell supported the bill saying it was necessary but would try "to bring a compromise, bringing the two parties, the legislature and the educational system, together." fta c8 oM had40RE C01 dRa m e sh I lUT. A C4 lad Ld 1410-61% 0 d stde hois .". a"m pid. Opnin o"re.ee.din th ndp nn Florid A .igtrr thoee.of e. .e itr or of te wrtut. of .e atce eds.o ofte 101001.M The independent Florida Atligator rservestrigt o ramputstheoerahicalH ieeerpofralled ve risae.nott ndofto revp or tn aw'luy lleopyfive tmeswedkry Thce IdpinduetJFlorad Augatwheilt con sidelossof ymotfo~ 1r cay a oseid y$.tn ieoei tyo.gr .apisaeo o.,r.on in eIn aen et e Ais ao give othe" feediet o rs oruorfthWi 11 on te dayrticer nd5 ho sevrthen appvearsit tto.Gissil.Foia 20. The Independont Florida Alligato ilCth opnie or moIshe n leoiw oot lea ortiso f nt ad toevseesie o r uesaway as opit cotsieeOr eorreoT sln ee ho l eoridathelnextorll too eraspat.o oeta n sr toino g* oR'before t.".ne't .ns.r.ion Hennessey said it was decided in July of 1971 to demolish Flavet Village because housing was losing money on them due to costs of maintenance. The plans remain despite rent increase and the fact that Flavet Villagers now must pay their entire electricity, sewage and trash pickup service. Until last year, the only utility* bill paid by Flavet residents was part of their electric bill. The costs of maintenance were due to repairs in carpentry and plumbing, said Hennessey. "The apartments have outlived their usefulness. We were plowing more money into them than we were getting out of them," he said. "IT'S LIKE moving cattle from one boxcar to the next," protested Flavet resident Steve Abrams (6AG). "Basically, our rights are being trampled." Abrams said the past increases in rent and added utilities charges should have covered the costs of maintenance. "Maybe Flavet is an eyesore for the administration and they want to construct a new sterile building -but this really affects our lives and is going to hit us hard," he said. "we are happy here. The buildings are generally in good shape, as good as some of the off-campus student housing," Abrams also pointed out. "I THINK we've been very much misled," said resident Ellen Perez (7ED). She said she was told by the Housing office tiat Flavet apartments would be available at least until September of 1974. "Both my husband and I are students," Perez explained. "We're on food stamps as it is as is most of the Village. My husband and I won't be able to make it now as students." Randy Kautz (4FY) also said, "If this goes through I will no longer be able to go to school. Nobody from housing has even come over here and talked to us about it." David Pokomy (2UC), a commissioner of the Flavet Village government, said the estimated 40 foreign students feared protesting the demolishing of Flavet because they would have their visas taken away. Local gasprices vary, most rise Gas prices in Gainesville are up but not out of sight ...yet. Last week prices at most small independent service stations rose two cents per gallon for high-test gasoline while most stations affiliated with large petroleum corporations remained stable. PRICES RANGED three and four cents between independent stations, such as Colonial and Charter and larger company stations such as Shell and American stations in Gainesville. Most independent stations are selling 100 octane or high-test gas for 38.9 cents per gallon. Large oil company stations vary between 41.9 and 42.9 cents per gallon for high-test. Octane rating states the antiknock properties of the gasoline. The higher the octane count the less likely the automobile engine knock. In many stations throughout Gainesville, then, prices are three to four cents more per gallon for gasoline with an octane rating difference of only one. Last week the difference was five to six cents per gallon. How would you l"ike 2 years of -College For Free? (including books, fees, and $100.00 a month) If you are going to be a Junior in the Fall and have an interest in Nuclear Power Training then there is a full, two-year scholarship waiting for you. The NROTC Unit at the U of F is offering scholarships to all qualified male candidates.The requirements are : 1. Be a male citizen of the United 6. Be accepted for the Fall quarter at States the U of F 2. Be a sophomore or in the 3rd year 7. Agree in writing to. apply for of a five-year program Nuclear Power Training 3. Must have completed 9. qtr. hours 8. Successfully complete sYPer of physics and 9 qtr. hours of calculus training at the Naval Science Institute 4. Have a 2.0 GPA or better Newport, R I (All expenses + $307 per 5. Be physically qualified month will be paid). If interested, please contact Captain J.R. Davis at the NROTC Unit, U of F, 392-0973 .The deadline for application is 15 April 

PAGE 3

The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973, Page 3 Committee challenges FBK ruling By SONYA BOOTH admit we Alligator Staff Writer "WE organizal The President's Committee on the Status of sororities Women has voted to challenge University Attorney But in Thomas Biggs' ruling on the legality of Kappa)% discrimination against women by student men and organizations. admitted Biggs stated in February that UF may recognize a an orgat student organization which discriminates against Irene Th women. The ruling came after the Student Senate "No o Budget and Finance Committee voted against question student fee funding of men's leadership honorary other st Florida Blue Key (FBK) because FBK does not added. VP candidate in eligibility hassle By TAD WEGMAN Alligator Staff Writer Unless Article VII, section 4, of the UF Student Body Constitution is declared null and void, Peter Flanagan 3AS, the People's Party candidate for vice-president, will be ineligible to run for office. Article VII states that a student must have completed three quarters in residence at the university to run for president, vice-president, or treasurer of Student Government. FLANAGAN, a transfer student, is beginning his third quarter here. Keith Townsley, the party's presidential candidate said "This is an excellent opportunity to challenge some internal contradictions within our constitution. Basically, Article VII, section 4, forbids all transfer students from ever holding this major position in government. By the time the transfer student qualified for such an office, he will be just weeks from graduation. Townsley plans to bring this case before the Honor Court and the Board of Masters. FRANK GRAY, Chancellor of the Honor Court, explained that he will have to research the case and the process for changing this section before he can connent on the matter. "It's an uncertain area. It appears that on one hand there is no justification for us to hear this case, yet on the other hand, we're the only body that can handle this decision," commented Gray. Townsley contends that the article appears to be in direct contradiction to the preamble of the constitution, and Article I Section 1, which states that every full-time student, as defined by the regulations of the university, shall be a member of the student body and shall have an equal voice and vote, along with his fellow students. GRAY SAID that the best method for solving this problem would be to introduce a constitutional amendment changing the requirements. However, there is a problem with time in this case. Townsley-needs the decision very soon, in order to coordinate his campaign. "We are planning on a quick decision from Frank Gray and the Board of Masters," said Townsley. Before the Board of Masters can convene, it must be approved by the Student Senate. Approval is expected at the next senate meeting. "IF PETER is disqualified from running, I will be forced to choose a new running mate and continue my campaign as a write-in with my whole party under me. The whole write-in procedure is simpler than using the machine. I am confident that this would benefit us more than hurt us on election day, since the student body lacks confidence in student government and its methods," stated Townsley. "I plan to reform numerous archaic, impersonal, and discriminatory procedures in the body of the constitution," said Townsley. Flanagan was unavailable for comment. Campaign FROM PAGE ONE students. "When I mention student government to someone, the nicest response I get is a laugh." He adds thian he is giving students an alternative by running. "Ttle fact that some off the other parties have been involved witth past administrations tends to tint them." he said. He adds that a president needs help and cint do all tile work himself. ., r Tyrie Boyer of tire Fiuture Changes Party said lie will work for "student control over tie studen 's life."t li said tit hiose whi rurnfsr offices always talk about change but rarely initiate it. ''BY OUR PAST accomplishments in areas we have served. I think students will see we will do more tian talk." he added. He cited how he had instigated a bill so that freshmen and sophomores would be allowed to park on campus during the summer quarter. Gary Rutledge said the most important thing is going to the studeist body and asking them what they think should be done. "From what we have seen, students are interested in increasing the quality and quani ty of services both indirect and dhiect.' he said. ",Besidesr this. we,. shQuld inc.se, anq,,, initiate new prograris that will be of direct economic benefits to the studersts." Rutledge added. Tire campaign will last trough April tO. Students will vote on April 10. It there is a run-off it will be April 18. Tfhe only candidates students have to vote for jointly are presidential and viec presidential candidates. omen. RECOGNIZE there are differences in tions which are all-male or female such as s and fraternities. view of the fact that ODK (Omicron Delta will probably admit women, Savant admits tle men's honorary Gold Key at FSU has women, we question tie whole concept of nization like FBK," committee member otspson said. one wants to destroy Florida Blue Key -we it's using campus facilities and funds from tudents not FBK mreibers," Thompson I 112 Advisory Commi ttee President Glenna 1 said a subcommittee will determine "wording, how and what to challenge." The group may recommend that UF President Stephen O'Connell request a ruling from the Board of Regents or State Attorney. Final vote on the form of the challenge will come in the u >mmittee's April 25 rneeting, Carr added. Included will be a question on whether state funding and use of facilities make the state a supporter of discriminatory organizations. The committee will also ask whether a distinction should be made between different types of discriminatory organizations such as residential and leadership. (n Tuesday Morning) 4 THW FIE$T 1)4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ .4+ 4+ ..4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ ...4+ ..4 + 4+ 4+ 4+ 4+ 2 Wet Unversty Aenue4+ It'corelion selingleaher4+ W+ -4 -4 -4 --+ -4 -4 -4 --+ --+ --+ -----4-4 --+ -4 --+ --I 2 West University Avenue 4+ Its ti ore nw se linn lenatmrr4 '4 ~ * *4* a.a.e W Waw a W Ak&-4 

PAGE 4

Page 4, The Independent Florida Alligator. Monday AprIl 2. 1973 Page 4, The Independent F lorida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973 Meat, Watergate also discussed Gurney speaks on education By JAY O'CALLAGHAN Alligator Staff Writer U.S. Sen. Ed Gsrney told UF Student Body President Allison Miller that education musL also be included in budget cutbacks. At a Friday question and answer session, Gurney said, "There is no way for an individual or government to live beyond his income. Other programs are being hurt too. People need better health care." "That's why we need more money to educate doctors," responded Miller. The exchange came after an early morning session with a group of Sen. Ed Gurney speaks for Chamber of Commerce George E. Wolff UF prof, dies George E. Wolff, a 49-year-old UF social science professor, died March 21) after a single car accident on South Main Street. Dr. Wolff was teaching freshman institution classes this quarter. He was faculty adviser for Phi Gamma Delta fraternity and former director of the University Colege Honors Program. Wolff became Alachua County's eighth traffic fatality. Gainesville Police Department information officer Dick Gerard said Wolff had been traveling at an excessive rate of speed and failed to negotiate the curve at the intersection at the Williston Cutoff. He is survived by his wife Ann and two children from a previous marriage. Johnson-Hayes Funeral Home is in charge of the local funeral arrangements. Services will be held Monday at 11 a.m. in the Holy Trinity Episcopal Church at 116 N.E. Ist St. TODAY CAMPUS LILY DAY Please Give a Little to Help a Lot I Sponsored By: National Student Speech & Hearing Association Alachua County Easter Seal Society Gainesville area community leaders, sponsored by the Gainesville area Chamber of Commerce. Gurney said revenue sharmg hid not changed the amount of federal grants the UF will receive. Miller said, "Sen. Gurney was exactly how I expected him to be. His closed-mindedness about fiscal policy, I find truly amazing. His comments on the court system and Watergate reflected his preference for politics rather than judging by merit." In answering a question, Gurney criticized Sen. Lawton Chiles' proposal to have a nine-man committee appointed equally by Gurney, Chiles and the Bar Association recommend federal judicial appointments to President Nixon. "Sen. Chiles wants to get a piece of the action under a Republican President. By custom, the President receives input on appointments' from his party," said Gurney, who pointed out tha, the Chiles committee might appoint someone with a differing political philosophy. A member of the Senate commitee investigating the Watergate affair, Gurney said that he'd "like .o get to ,he bottom of the Watergate affair, to pass some stringent laws about this." Gurney said last year's presidential campaign had been very security conscious because of radical groups, directing bombings and death threats against the Nixon campaign. "One of the reasons Republicans may isave done this was to find out what the Democrats were doing," said Gurney recalling alleged Democratic vote fraud in Chicago in 1960. Convicted Watergate spy James McCord's testimoney that much White House involvement remained uncovered was "total heresay and should be checked out with all types of independent sources. Types like McCord, sentenced to 35 years in jail, have an axe to grind," Gurney said. Gurney said he hopes President Nixon's sudden clamp on meat prices works. "I defy anybody to come up with a magic solution. "I don't know anyone that knows the answer to this business. In extremely prosperous times you have an insatiable demand for anything, decreasing the supply, which raises the prices." Controls sometimes hurt and sometimes help, said Gurney who voted with "mixect eelings" against a 90-day general wage price freeze, but suppo'-d rent controls in areas with a shortage of housing. Gurney said the 1971 price freeze caused some industries to lay off workers because thev could not make money anymore, if they could no' raise their prices Gurney said he supports Nixon in his efforts to trim the budget, pointing out that even with the Nixon cuts, the federal government wilt "still run a deficit of 12 to 13 billiontdollars." Be some hody at a prieanybody can afford at Eline .Powers. $t'2 per week 4-month program. Unlimited visit s. ElaicPowers hassomethinlu for ek ( rx bod \sk am bodv. 01r program costs less Mid accomnplishics an1v. \lagilifirrilit iiaclii(. attention ever inch of the war. Plis Tinic." wlwn w\ A Saeit off, tu-rthii It it iI Iit. w (Ir I (11h Iit I Me abodaineeda fiend. (At a price am bod can afford) Call today for your free ElainePowers figure analysis FigureSalons 1240 N.W. 21 Ave. Prol6t Outreach recruits members Memoers of Project Outreach, a program to keep Alachua County jail inmates "connected with the outside world d" are recruiting volunteers 7:30 p.m. Wednesday at the Center for United Ministries on the corner of Northwest 14th Street and University Avenue. Ellen Levitov, organizer of the group, said the 20 members keep inmates informed of current events, talk to them and are presently establishing a library at the jail. logging with a friend is a fun way to exercise, and keeping in shape always seems easier with good company along. So you don't want to give up even one day's run, and certainly not several days due to your period. That's why you should depend on the protection of Tampax tampons. Because they're worn internally, you'll feel completely comfortable. When the tampon is properly in place, you won't even know it's there. And you'll be free to keep up with your jogging. Active lives demand reliable internal sanitary protection. So is it any wonder that more women in more countries around the world turn to Tampax tampons? The internal protection more womenIrust 10, i~ ~ p PY tO. 372-1744 

PAGE 5

The Independent SUNDAY Florida Alligator APRIL 1, 1973 Published by Campus Communications. Inc. Gainesville. Florida VOL. 65, NO. 107 Not associated with the University of Florida Fee increase 'justified' Tuition hike due soon By JANIS PRITCHARD Alligator Feature Editor As rising prices spur consumer boycotts and "meatless weeks" throughout the state, students c a n expect another belt-tightener when tuition fees are raised to $375 per quarter beginning this fall. Acting on a proposal issued by the Florida State Board of Regents, the state legislature recently approved the $185 increase. "We agreed with the BOR that this near-double fee hike is justified," Sen. Bob Saunders said. "People fail to realize that tuition only accounts for about one-fifth of the cost in sending a student to college." According to Saunders, with fast-rising prices putting a strain on university budgets, the state legislature passed the proposal to increase fees rather than draw upon other sources such as tax increases. "We felt a tax increase, like on property or sales, would be an unfair burden to the average citizen. Someone has to assume the cost of educating our young people, but at this point, the best way seems to be charging the student personally," Saunders said. Along with higher fees, students will be enjoying greater benefits according to Gainesville BOR memOer Jack McGriff. "While we're taking more from each student, they'll also be getting more in the form of services they're paying for now," McGriff said. For $385, students will not only receive an education, but will be eligible for a variety of s e r v i c e s i n c I u d i n g complimentary football tickets. "Free tickets should ease the pinch a little as few students take advantage of season tickets and wind up paying $7 per game," Hardee McAlhaney, ticket manager said. "Now students will be able to catch away games as well, without paying $7." Another provision calls for a change in text book policy. "With more funds available, professors can buy a limited number of the texts they'll be using for their class. The books can then be made available to students who can't afford $12 at a crack for one book or who are willing to share a text with one or two students," Harold King, bookstore assistant manager said. A percentage of each fee will be earmarked for a new scholarship fund to be created for students with severe financial problems. "To date, many deserving students have had to forfeit their education due to a lack of funds," .D. Turner, financial aid director, said. "Many of these have been borderline cases. Ihat is, they had too much money to qualify for financial aid grants set under our present guidelines, yet not enough to (See 'Toition 'page 6) O'Connell commends Bellows In the President's conference room Friday, UF President Stephen C. O'Connell presented former Alligator Editor Randy Bellows with a award in recognition of Bellow's outstanding service to Tigert Hall and the administration. Remarking at the presentation, President O'Connell said, "Randy always was a great help to me and the UF administration in general; I guess he's been one of my favorites." Plaza of Americas Astroturfed by fall By DALE THOMAS Alligator Staff Writer By fall quarter, frisbee freaks must be more cautious chasing their toys around on the Plaza of the Americas. If they fall, they may suffer a severe "turf burn"-because the Plaza will be Astroturfed during the summer. THE INDE PENDENT Alligator learned of the plans Friday from a source in the Department of Physical Planning. Originally the information was not to be made available until the end of spring quarter, but the Physical Planning office acknowledged Friday that the Plaza would be artificially turfed immediately after this quarter. The turf will be installed by the Monsanto Corporation, whose brand name is Astroturi. Monsanto covered Florida Field in 1971. THE 420 foot by 360 foot area will be covered to save Plaza of the Americas .fake field for frisbee freaks money that would otherwise be spent in upkeep. "In the long run, we will save thousands yearly. It's much less costly to run one of our heavy-duty vacuum cleaners over the turf occasionally than mowing it every two weeks," said Joseph H. Stafford, director of the Department of Physical Planning. Stafford also pointed out the savings expected on fertilizer, labor and even f asoline. tie explained the vacu.tin cleaners use much less fuel than the mowers. THE $750,000 cost of installation will be paid for with allocations from the tuition increase. Astroturfing Florida Field cost only $190,000in 1971, but the Athletic Association received much of the material and equipment free, according to arr Association spokesman. "There's also inflation to consider," Stafford said. He said most of the trees will be left to provide shade (and for appearance's sake), so the difficulties of laying the turf around them adds to the cost. The cost averages out to just over $41 per square yard. Managing editor continues libertarianism Alligator editor resigns to 'live in cave' By SAM M. TAYLOR the headaches come froti." Condon's office. "I kind of like TallahasseeCorrespondent HIGHLY PLACED student it here," sh,.' comtnIented. government officials refused to "However, I think Tim has Amid a shower of Iccusations comment except to say, "See earned a' eCsitoria, mandate, as and recriminations, ltdepedctt sy boss." After tracing the line Rassd.' 1Wlot's ttscd to say. I Florida Alligator Editor Tim of command up to President mte C :aty on as a radical Condon resigned today, vowing Alison Miller and getting tle lie.ar o course, and keep to "live in a cave where politics same answer (Miller refused to I red 'o'IratI to write the isttt si ctomplicated." reveal who her "boss" was), 'dit ri Is aind take care it tle While rumors abounded about Alligator investigators went to ti t .1 pi;es Condon's reasons for resigning as O'Connell. who said lie didn't fi the rumors pdsseJ ot editor. ie refused to give any have "Condoit watch" that uiVy. 'U 1h placed ostrces in rt -'Ii all wsas that fond itt tad statement other than to say. Its tie mcant it time. Altae tot "Ask tle people in student Managing Iditm Debbi Smith It 'tt0cotservatiye tot ttose Tim Condon government*, they're where all scrambled Its mtove otto t .e i' .igamor 'pie 7) Debbi Smith 

PAGE 6

Page 6, The lndepend.tt Florida Alligator, Sundey, April 1. 1973 Cross -campus highway replaces Tigert By MARY JO TIERNEY Algitor Staff Writer In a surprise move, the Board of Regents approved the construction of a cross-campus highway that will cut through the middle of campus and Tigert Hall. The proposed highway will be perpendicular to 34th Street, extending through Fraternity Row and Stadium Road to 13th Street. According to Forrest Kelly, a member of the facilities committee of the Board of TuitionFROM PAGE 5 adequately cover their expenses without causing sever harship." "There simply hasn't been enough money to award to all the students who teed it, but now, with the new fee increase, this will change somewhat," Turner said. Surplus funds may possibly be alloted to the Housing Department for dorm improvements. "Although our rents are also going up in the fall, this will probably only cover the higher costs of maintenance," Jimes Hennessey, housing director said. "Now maybe we'll be able eto provide for all students living in dorms some of the feature comforts scattered around, like carpeting and air-conditioning." An additional feature in the plan will provide for revamping campus recreational facilities. Th e Athletic Association will have access to the entire stadium when the Journalism College is moved to the Physical Plant Department. 'Now we'll have the space we've long needed for free play, 'with the addition of these extra rooms," Ray Graves, Athletic Association director said. The Association plans to utilize allocated funds to build a polo field and add a fully enclosed heated Olympic-sired swimming pool. "We need these additions if we plan to compete effectively Regents, the highway received unanimous approval from the Board of Regents "because it's the only solution to traffic problems on campus. Reaction to the new highway is mixed. UF President Stephen C. O'Connellsaid he was glad to see the Board of Regents taking such a progressive step in solving the transportation problem. "I needed a new office anyway," O'Connell added. UF Football coach Doug Dickey said that he was pleased to hear of the plans for with other colleges," Graves said. While UF has oft been termed "one of the prettiest campuses in the country," BOR's plan concurs with Physical Plant Division Assistant Director of the cross-campus highway, and would donate his controversial astro turf for carpeting Yon Hall. Student Government President Alison Miller said Student Government will take no action since the proposed road will not affect the third floor of Reitz Union. But Environmental Action Group (EAG) Director Ed Berger said his group will "put forth an all-out effort" to prevent the highway. Tigert Hall progress takes its toll Maintenance, L.J. Hodgins that UF needs new pathways and landscaping more conducive to "romantic pursuits." "This campus should have a romatic atmosphere as well as an academic one. People come to UF to enjoy one another and to find happiness, perhaps love. We should make an effort to provide students with the right kind of surroundings," Hodgins said. Regent members contend that the main impetus behind the fee increase was prompted by sharp drops in enrollment this past year. "We now have fewer students to carry the load, so this forces us to impose a heavier load on a few students," McGriff said. *CAESAR PEREZ TREASURER JACK KABAT *TRAFFIC COURT CHIEF JUSTICE *MARSHA BU RNSg *VICE PRESIDENT JIM REINMAN PRESIDENT *JIM HARRSON HONOR COURT CHANCELLOR *$ .,IN STUDENT GOVE RNMENT % .-P.Political Announcement by Now Direction Party What type of Peace ,Corps or Vista ,Volunteer coulI4you be by talking to Don Matthews, 304 Reitz Union or phoning 373-2255? That depends on you! 

PAGE 7

The Independent Florida Alligator, Sunday, April 1, 1973, Page 7 Blue Key taps homecoming queen By TAD WEGMAN Alligator Staff Writer Florida Blue Key, the traditionally all-male honorary, last night in a special meeting tapped Elizabeth Sue Nelson, 1972 Homecoming Queen, in an unprecedented move to stem criticism of the organization's sexist membership policies. "We called this 'speical meeting to accomplish two things," explained Dan Ponce, president. "We wanted to amend our constitution to provide for the admission of women, and furthermore, in order to prove our sincerity, we wanted to tap one woman for membership." Nelson and Lynn Holloway were the candidates for membership. Holloway is chairwoman of the rules and calendar committee of the 'Student Senate, a former managing editor of The Independent Alligator, a law student and active student feminist. "Nelson was definitely the more qualified of the two," commented one member, who asked that his name not be used. "After all, everyone knows and Alligator FROM PAGE 5b rdiclibs in student government. They forced him out through the standard left-wing tactics of lying and back stabbing." THE ALLIGATOR was unable to substantiate the charge. Meanwhile, in student government offices, a highly placed student official attributed Condon's resignation to Tigert Hall pressure. "They thought they had a genuine right-winger in the editor's chair," said the student official. "And for the first time in about five years, we thought we did too. "But we've all turned out to agree with libertarianism more than anyone thought, so far. I think O'Connell terminated his registratioilor something." THE ALLIGATOR was unable to confirm that rumor. The board of directors of Campus Communications, Inc., met in emergency session just after the announcement in order Elizabeth Sue Nelson .s.tapped into FBK likes the Homecoming Queen of each football season, so we felt she was really representative of the student body." "I am so excited, I just don't know what to say," exclaimed a s u r p r i s e d Nels o n upon notification of her selection. "I am very proud to be chosen to represent all the girls on campus in this really neat club!" In past years women both on to formally install new editor Smith. "We don't know a thing about it," shrugged Tony Kendzior, Alligator general manager. "Maybe he just digs living in a cave. Corporation President Bob Sharkey, the editor and publisher of the High Springs Herald, had a little more to say. "I always thought Tim was a little too radical-looking," he said. "If he'd just have gotten a Union closes The Reitz Union will close today at noon possibly for the remainder of the spring quarter due to "deterioration" in certain areas of the third floor, the union Board of Managers decided at an emergency meeting with the union director William Rion late Sunday night. "Too' many people with swelled heads just added too much weight up there," one board member commented. and off campus have protested the discriminatory membership policies of Blue Key. Betty Friedan, national proponent of women's rights, interrupted the 1970 Blue Key Homecoming banquet to protest "the elitist and sexist practices" of the club. In November 1972, an amendment to open Blue Key's doors to women was defeated. Local women's rights leaders were reserved in theircomments about Nelson's selection. Several women expressed skepticism about the action. Mary Trelawn said, "It looks suspiciously like tokenism to me right now, and I hope they don't think they can appease us by admitting just one woman. However, Wilma Jinit, student coordinator for the local National Organization for Women (NOW) expressed some optimism about the tapping. "This action represents a beginning of the end of our efforts to smash one of the last male bastions on this campus. But now the real struggle is starting. We want to see this organization go truly equal, with fifty per cent male membership and fifty per cent female haircut and stopped looking like such a gol danged hippie.-. oomph!" Sharkey was unable to speak further, as Kendzior-was sitting on his head, and The Alligator was unable to get any more information. membership. We want all spring quarter to accomplish this qualified women to have an goal. opportunity to join Blue Key." Ponce refused to comment on Jinit called for another the possibility of a session of tapping session before the end of that nature. 1029 W. UNIVERSITY OPEN 10-7 VOG(3UE Little Print Tops from Florence White Super things to wear with jeans, shorts, trousers .Whatever! Available in sizes: S-M-L. Here are just a few from our great selection of tops. ca G APRIL 2-43 3:30 -5:30 FLA. FIELD CALL 392 -1674 FOR INFORMATION I 

PAGE 8

Page 8, The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973 Editorials POWs' ordeal 'Death was the easy way out. It's not being able to die that gets you. Many times I prayed for death and envied my fallen comrades." So spoke Capt. Harry Jenkins, a POW who related his torture and mistreatment at the hands of the North Vietnamese. One POW tells about letting maggots eat the dead and rotting flesh off his arm, since his captors would allow no medical care. Another tells of severe beatings administered because he refused to see American "peace" visitors. Another tells of sitting for days on a stool with his hands handcuffed behind his back ..without bread or water. Still another tells of torture because he refused to cooperate with North Vietnamese propagandists: ". ..They put me on a stool and crossed my legs and forced a nine-and-a-half foot iron bar through my ankle shackles in such a way that it took three men to force my legs so that my ankles were parallel ...It was the closest I ever came to losing my mind. I don't know how many rosaries I went through; it must have been 50." And nearly all agreed that the Americans -supposedly seeking "peace" -who visited Hanoi actually encouraged the North Vietnamese in their war against South Vietnam. That is, they helped prolong the war. People like Jane Fonda, Ramsey Clark and Cora Weiss, an "anti-war leader" who some POW's charged was responsible for sending mail only to captured Americans who cooperated with the North Vietnamese communists. "We would resist to a physical torture point to resist seeing these people," said Marine Lt. Col. John Dunn. The people so indicted, of course, are scrambling for cover. Jane Fonda called any POW's who said they were tortured "hypocrites and liars." Which is Fonda's style. Weiss, of course denies it all. Then, another revelation: On a CBS special report, a former POW related that he knew personally of at least 12 men who died under torture. And the "peace" movement trundles on. They told us American POW's were well cared for. They told us food and medical care were quite adequate for American POW's. They snickered at any suggestion that the North Vietnamese might be torturing POW's to set up their slick press conferences. And they visited Hanoi, urging the North Vietnamese communists on in their war against the gentle and victimized people of South Vietnam. Now America is out of the war. ..,and North Vietnam presses in to try and complete its frustrated conquest of South Vietnam. But for us, it all may become a bad memory. For the POW's, it will be something more. ,. something worse. And for the "peace" workers, who helped prolong the war? They're undoubtedly proud of the part they played. for peace? Wednesday the SMC aims to have a rally. ..a "peace" rally. They'll have speakers, they'll have demands, they'll even march somewhere and picket. SG presidential candidate Gary Rutledge will even speak. Among their "demands" is one that calls for an end to economic support for South Vietnam. While the North continues to attack, continues to war. Which means our local SMC apparently doesn't mind the North Vietnamese invasion continuing even now into South Vietnam. Which means, apparently, that our local SMC supports one war that created and continued by the North Vietnamese invaders -and is against another -that of the South Vietnamese defending themselves. Is the SMC calling for an end to the war ..or a North Vietnamese victory and the slaughter which would follow? tOW -6 Domtt TA TT Tnet TDM It-nM A AMTIFUL FJeBSS? It's the same ole song By FRED VOLLRATH The 1973 Spring Student Government elections officially get underway today. Just keep one thing in mind about the major candidates. There is not a single issue they are going to bring up that they aren't either reponsible for creating or already had several years to correct. IT REALLY doesn't take a whole lot of originality to run for office. The issues are always, the same because the problems are never solved by student government officials once they are elected. All major candidates have held major positions in Student Government during the last year. The question I have for them is why haven't you already solved the problems on campus you say exist during the time you have already been in office? Nixon's campaign slogan was "four more years." ALL THE major candidates slogan seens to be "one more year" for Future Changes, a New Direction, or We. But, it is quite demeaning to a politician to admit to a block of voters that it doesn't matter who gets elected, there is nothing they can do about it. The reason they rarely accomplish anything is because frankly Student Government doesn't have the power to do most of the things necessary to solve the problems of parking, overcrowded classrooms, the high cost of books and tuition, etc. THIS LEADS TO the next logical question that if there is nothing they can do to solve student problems why bother II FRED with the expense of student government? More and more students are asking themselves this question and coming up with the answer thay maybe they shouldn't bother with the expense. I How many now feel that way we will never know because the "responsive student government leadership" currently involved in this campaign refused to permit students to have a eight to vote on the issue by not placing it on the ballot forbthis election. THE PROBLEM faced by Student Government politicians of course is that SG has suffered a tremendous blow to its credibility last quarter when it was discover .' by The Alligator that its top 6i e officials, Sam Taylor, resident; Linda Gloeckner vice-president and current .r-idential candidate Gat.: Rutiedge were not even students part of the time they held office. And secondly The Alligator is no longer the house organ of Student Government, willing to overlook their faults in exchange for political favor. But to paraphrase H.L. Mencken, "no student government politico ever lost underestimating the intelligence of the student voter." Buddy, Joe answer editor (Editor s note:) Two weeks ago, two 17-year-old girls, Ann Arceneaux and Janine Ligotino were klled while hitchhiking into town to buyasome beer for their boy friends, "Buddy" and "Komo Joe. The incident prompted Independent Alligator Editor Tim .ondon to refer to the two men as "asses" for not going with the girls. In response they requested the printing of their side of the story which follows. "I don't deserve to have that impression (ass) thrown out to $ the public, "said Joe. They went on their own. They said, 'good-bye we're going to get beer,' but I'm not their jailer." I never thought of Gainesville as a threat. If it were Tuscon or New York, I'd probably gone with them. But this is the All American city." "THERE WAS nothing we could've done to avoid it. If one of 'em had said, 'let's go with us,' I would've gone, but I never thought to. I thought for a sec I'd go, but changed my mind. I never suspected it from this town, but I know different." I don think it's right to be called an ass, 'cause no one knows the srory.Talk -tb frDsili (a Gainesville Sun reporter v who covered the stabbihg-death story). He came tun to me and asked to go for a beer and we just told him what happened." "Corbin took words from our sentences and mixed 'em around, Buddy said. "We were misquoted." What Tim wrote in his editorial he assumed from Corbin's article, Joe said. -We feel people think we're to blame because of these articles. The editorial jumped to a few conclusions." The Editorial Staff Inde penden t Tim Condon Debbi Smith Editor-in-Chief Managing Editor Florida Carol Comer Marina Blomberg A ll gator News Editor Layct Editor Business Staff Published by Campus Communications Inc. R.A. 'Tony' Kendzior .General Manager P.O. Box 13266 Univ. Sta. Gainesville, Fla. Ed Cornwell.Advertising Director Office in Publication Suite, Reitz Union Sid Beighley.Advertising Manager University of Florida Mrs. Evelyn Best.Office Manager Editorial Phone 392-1686 Advertising-Business 392-1681 IM, i 7 

PAGE 9

Campus crusaders infest the campus By KEITH HAUSER Campus Crusaders aren't particularly awful as religious fanatics go. In fact, when compared to the rest of the fanatical zealot clan, they're pretty run of the mill. They just seem overly obnoxious because they so heavily infest this part of the world. It's easy to tell Crusaders when you see them, due to their habit of hanging around together in clumps, like bananas. YOU CAN often find a clump of these fine clean cut youth hanging out in the mall outside the Union (in equal numbers of both leading sexes). They're the ones who look like they're standing around waiting to receive their Honorary Mousekateer ears. If you didn't know better you'd think they were the Up With People Singers. When they're not sitting in the background at Nixon rallies chanting "peace with honor," their usual activities include taking each other's picture, Meat boycott underway, By BETTY BLODGETT Money makes the world go 'round, but it's housewives that seem to keep it on its axis. It's those apron clad women who make it their business to keep business in line. It isn't very often they must take off their aprons and don their battle gear, but this is one of those times. And this time they have a genuine beef. And it's just that -beef. Rising meat prices have brought the ladies to battle. The battle may be fierce and long, judging from hints of retaliatory plans by the National Farmers Organization to meat boycotts. Nevertheless, the sign bearing gals are ready for action. Already, across the nation, meat boycotts have begun and are taking hold. A nationwide "April Fool's Week" meat boycott is set to begin Sunday. Indications are that it may last more than just a week, perhaps a month or more. Who's to blame for the spiraling prices of meat? No one. No one, that is, wants to take the credit. or the blame for getting "fat off the hog," so to speak. Nevertheless, whoever it is is going to feel the Whistl'n dixie Well it is on to Washington with votes instead of rifles. .. now. Took us (bad grammar intended) to rise again; but we have done it. Whistle Dixie whether, black white, Democrat or Republican; preferably white and Democrat compliments of what Mr. Lincoln did to use over a hundred years ago. In April Ted Kennedy will journey to Montgomery for a Wallace feed. I understand he isn't driving, there are a lot of bridges between Massachusetts and Alabama. Tire tables have turned, so for all the ]lot heads in the audience, there is no particular reason to put on the bed sheets this tiue, so play it cool at tine Daytona 500, Tallagadega, Darlington and the rest of the speedway, motorcross places in the South. UnlessaMr. Nixon ends busing before fall, inost pf' us died in the wQoi hoagy dvip~ig bourbon tasters will have to think that busing has less to do with northern rioral conscience and iore to do with the state of the economy in Nichigan where they iake themi. ..but don't use ireri. Mr. Nixon the South is still pretty solid and still pretty damined well registered Democrat. ..so end busing by the fall or you calr forget any pinch, especially when those ladies begin to really clamp down hard. Locally, many women have begun to picket local supermarkets, and they have had an effect according to local supermarket meat department managers. What's the real reason behind the meat price hike? Dr. Richard F. Mathews, UF professor of food science, said it's the increased demand for meat. According to Mathews, the average American consumes about 115 pounds of meat a year. Twenty years ago the average consumption was about 50 pounds per year, he said. Mathews said the only way to have a long range effect on meat prices is for the demand to decrease over a long period of time to let the supply catch up. "Raising cattle isn't like raising plants," Mathews explained. "It takes a long time to build up a supply." He did say that he thought the meat boycotts would have a short term affect on lowering meat prices. Dr. Howard Appledorf, assistant professor of food science, said he was against the meat boycotts but said persons on strike would do fine if they substituted milk, cheese, eggs, peanut butter, dried beans and fish for their protein source. inroads into the South of a lasting nature. And for thd people who used Gainesville's streets more often than the homecoming committee remember Charles Evers says it is better in the South now than in the North. .. too that the dual school system's facilities are still intact if you want it back. And in passing, isn't it a shame that Massachusetts tried to secede from the union in 1972.now any good county boy can tell any Harvard lawyer that seccession is illegal. .there was a long trial about that ovei hundred years ago. God Bless America and Whistle Dixie. hall Caine Jr. Sp/4 Vagrants Editor: Are you stranded across campus or across town? Are you wailing for two groovy greek chicks to prevent you trout bein held merciless at the hands of a rapist" Call tile Prnitehleitic lot Line day or night! A nmeiibier of the "Duty List' will he waiting, keys in hand. Naybe it's because of our overall higher GSP that we can afford to devote all our time and risk our own safety to pick up any student or vagrant within a ten mile radius of Gainesville. After all, what good is a sorority if it can't provide bus service for UF's 24.000 students? We as concerned women students, do not deny the seriousness of increased crime in the Gainesville area. We strongly advocate the establishment of a crisis center or any iItional crime prevention iograin. However, we d( )1 feel the plan presented : The Alligator is a viable srrttioor. It is orir belief that it is totally ridiculous to expect urrined and untrained sorority women to travel alone for the purpose of transporting strangers, unaware of their motives. CONCERNEDSOROROTY WOMEN Cathy Czufin Diane Lema Sharon Howard Holly I lorton Chiis Niederprrenm Debbie Brulet Susan iarby 'tervilBellinger Julie Deart (Vi thia Rgers Cindy Fergusrirt Jitnkh Walker Stacy Wattling Sandi Colt kissing passersby, sitting in circles singing "Feelin Groovy" and anything else that reeks of patent phoniness. If you happen to wander a bit too close to one of these painful creatures, you're bound to become the unwilling victim of his missionarying. WHATEVER happened to the good old days when they used to ship them all overseas to afflict unsuspecting foreigners? But* I'm being cruel. No foreign people ever did anything so monstrous as to deserve being Christianized for it. ONCE HE'S hunted you down, you might as well forego any plans of escape. You're trapped. His usual line of attack is a lie about taking a poll for some innocuous sounding magazine. Then, once you're cornered, he'll whip out a little booklet about the "four laws of God," the product of some true believers in Bean City. Actually, I always thought there were about 10 of those divine ordinances on the books. But I guess some enterprising Baptists got together and chucked out the moldy ones, added a few of their own, and presto change-o, you have a modern, streamlined, easier to swallow religion suitable for the swingin sixties. Annuilspringriot fever in the air -1 1 BRIAN DON E RLY A column in last Thursday's Alligator advocated calling off this year's Annual Spring Riot (ASR). The author, Bruce Nunley, felt that "if you don't give a darin the rest of the year, you don't deserve to kick a cop in the springtime." THERE IS only one thing wrong with Mr. Nunley's argument. He makes the mistake of thinking that the ASR has (or should have) something to do with politics. This-is an easy mistake to make. The \SR is always draped in political trappings. For one thing, it usually coincides with a politically-related event. Last year, it was the invasion (or incursion or whatever Nixon called it) of Cambodia. THIS WAS primarily a coincidence.-It is more to the point to remember that the ASR took place in the first few nice days of spring. Probably half of the rioters never heard of Richard Nixon, much less Cambodia. (Pnomh Penh? I think Bic puts it out.) A second confusing aspect of the ASR is the set of 39 non-negotiable demands that are negotiated with Pres. O'Connell each year. This contributes further to the ASR's phony political veneer. THE TRUE nature of those demands can be discovered by looking at what happens to them. First, O'Connell accedes to 36 of them, compromises on two and refuses on one. Then after the riot, he appoints a commission to study them. Everyone realizes what this means. Of course, The Alligator will run an editorial six months later decrying the fact that O'Connell has not ended the "/ietnam War or hired a proportionate number of left-handed I huanian professors. But this is only for show. No one ever expected anything. And the ASR was not about the 39 grievances presented to Tigert Hall. UNFORTUNATELY, Bruce Nunley is.not the only one to see political overtones in the ASR. The local law enforcement officials also view it that way. This gives them an excuse to send for the Marion County Goon Squad. It also accounts for another annual visitor to Gainesville: the ilBl. Freshmen and other rookie riot-watchers should remember that tire FBI agents are the short-haired guys photographing Scott Canil. The long-haired shutterbugs are the VVAW members photographing the FBI. tHIS PHENOMENON has led to the persistent rumror that the outsidee agitator" behind the ASR is Polaroid. I can assure you that Iris rumor is false. Polaroid had no more to do with the last ASR than tie Cambodian invasion did. What, then, is the ASR about' It's about drinking wine, tirowing Frisbees on 13th Street and ruiud weather. In shtor it's the spring major social event: a spring version of l*oinmecoming (but less political). It would be a terrible mistake to discontinue such a fine tradition. Where else can yOi get a show of that quality for free? And this one isn't even paid for by the activity fee. The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973, Page 9 

PAGE 10

Page 10, The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973 for dspai -hr he'th. -904AV0MACO4-9Tu She was admitted to A 1achua AGTeersL HsitlTedywihag A NURSE i Daniel's WaR oAd T e ligtorSnay Se sn 4 4 R 'wet DAnewcw ,Mer s iat d mostggepayonAm. Daniel's plight still severe Although it appears Eestine Daniel will overcome the financial crises that had threatened to evict her family, she has another reason for dispairher health. She was admitted to Alachua General HospitalaTuesday with a high fever. A NURSE in Daniel's ward told The Alligator Sunday, "She is no better than when she came in, and she can't eat and is vomiting." Daniel, who is keeping five children, is diabetic and half-blind. She and the chddren were threatened with eviction from their home at 2632 NE 11 Place last week because she failed to make her last three mortgage payments. Community Action Center volunteer Roberta Malavenda said by Sunday the total amount of contributions to ease the plight of the Daniel family had reached $441. THE BACK mortgage payments due total $330.92, but because her contract specifies, Daniel must also pay the mortgage company's legal fees. That will be another $269.50. In addition, another $81.81 mortgage payment became due April 1. Meanwhile, the fund raising will continue, Malavenda said. If any money is left over after the bills are paid, it will go o the Daniel family. The fund raising drive for the Daniel family was begun by the Northeast Gainesville Teen Club. The club held a bake alc that pulled in $40. Jaycees hold Special Olympics By DIANE GREULING average, generally averaging 53 Alligator Staff Writer but bowling two 101 games. Jephall .etdedyath r Special Olympics events are Mnally headed aetes scheduled on 3 levels, local, competed Saturday in bowling regional and state. Every 4 years and track and field events during mentally handicapped persons of the local round of the Special all nations may compete in the Olympics. The Special Olympics International Special Olympics. are sponsored nationally by the Last year's Special Olympics Joseph P. Kennedy Jr. included contestants from Foundation and the Jaycees. Canada, France and Puerto Rico. During the 9:30 a.m. ceremonies at P.K. Younge, Gainesville will be host to Jaycee Tom Willis handed the 2,000 mentally handicapped microphone to Reverend Chuck athletes June 15 and 16 for the Lucas of the Crossroads Church state Special Olympics. The of Christ. regional Olympics will be held "Let us not ask why, but April 28 in Ocala. dream dreams and ask why not. We thank You that someone has dreamed dreams for these children." At a signal from Wilis a gun fired and the fourth annual Special Olympics -for the Mentally Retarded People of Florida began. Over 200 participants ages 8-26 from SunAnd and The Opportunity Center vied for Certificates of Merit. Bowlers placing first, second and third in their divisions also won ribbons. Rosettes were awarded to those bowlers scoring highest above their average. Outstanding athletes for track and field events were: 50-yard dash, Jeff Smith, time 6.2; broad jump, Brian Wickman, 7'8", Debra Ellis, 7'l "; high jump. Jimmy Hamilton, 3'7"; Cornell Butler, 3'5"; 300-yard daih, Jeff Smith, 37.8; softball throw, Leonard Forbes, 190'; Tommy West, 138' and Debra Ellis, 138'. Exceptional bowlers were: Chuck Congleton, Edna Joe Buxton. Josie Swain. and Emitt horn. Congleton bowled the highest soredof the day, 149. Buxton scored highest above her 17A1ARE COMING TO YOU w'e riave L-iCUs You have Ideas TOGETHER WE WILL MAKE THINGS HAPPEN Rutledge, Jedrusiak, Neubert, Pollack, Spearman & You Paid Political Ad M MS &4w 1 G ODTATN.FOR TU .N >1k A f %q)T75kidkC JA dAW O Af A1 MTIS /S .t. 6A "W 1r GOOD MON. TUE. ONLY 131.Stwtckv Fied Ckickrn 214NA.334th St. 3764472372-3649 7* Reg. mmywe mmDINNER $1.49 3 Pc. ChicRen Maslved Potatoes$ 'Col Slawv and BRING COUPON Rolls 5.98 LIST PRICE 720 W. ROCK RECORDS ARE ALWAYS 3.99 AT FROI STRICTLY FOLK 3 MON S THE NEW UNIV. ACROSS M SANTA FE 73-0617 .-SAT. 10-9:30 UNDAY 12-6 LED ZEPPELIN IP $3.44 AT STRICTLY FOLK (mog. List price) NOW THRU TUESDAY (4/3) ONLY I i 

PAGE 11

The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973, Page 11 Sees slower increase in enrollment Wattenbarger new Education head By DAVID MILLER Alligator Staff Writer Dr. James L. Watenbarger, Director of UF's Institute of Higher Education, will become Chairman of the Department of Educational Administration of the College of Education Sept. 16, succeeding Dr. Ralph B. Kimbrough, who will continue as an instructor in the department. The recipient of the first junior college education degree awarded by UF, Dr. Wattenbarger, 50, forsees a reduced rate of enrollment increase in higher education in the 1970s: "All of higher education will increase at a much slower rate. In the 1960s Florida was a rapidly growing state, and there was a backlog of need, as Florida had had a very low college attendance pattern in the 1940s and 1950s. "IN THIS DECADE there has been little or no increase in high school graduation. The American Council on Higher Education reports the number of men in higher education has decreased for the first time in 20 years. Part of this is due to the end of the draft, which for years caused young men to go to college as an alternative.' In 1953 the UF Press published Wattenbarger's book A State Plan For Public Junior Colleges, originally a 1950 doctoral dissertation, which proposed a statewide system to replace the previous tradition of administration by local boards; at the time of publication there were only five public junior colleges in Florida. In 1955 the Florida Legislature established a Community College Council, whose research resulted in 1957 legislation providing for a statewide junior college system; implemenation was completed in 1968, the year Wattenbarger became the first director of the Institute of Higher Education. A C C O R D IN G t o Wattenbarger: "The 1950 plan was based upon a dual system of education; the 1954 Supreme Court decision (Brown v. Topeka Board of Education) changed the direction of that. A unitary system was established in 1960. "The final plan gave more emphasis to continuing education for adults; there is a growing feeling that the need for education is life-long. There is increased emphasis on continuing education, with people coming in and out of education: even highly skilled professionals have to come back and continue their education. "Occupational education is important, with less emphasis on d egrees. Our whole society using the baccalaureate degree as b e c o m i n g i n c r e a s i n g I y prepartation for baccalaureate seems to be getting away from a job requirement." Computer out, humans 'in at housing By DEBBIE STOUDT Alligator Staff Writer This year the UF housing department will be more human. Hands will now replace the computer. Students now living in dorms will have priority in room assignments over incomting freshmen and transfer students," Joe Ball, assistant director of housing said. A second reason for the removal of the computer is to let students know early what his room assignment will be. "Last year when the computer was used to assign students, it randomly put students wherever they happened to fall," explained Steve Haulman, area director for Murphree, who initiated the idea not to use the computer. "The old students had no advantage." Instead of the computer, assignments will be m:ide hy hand. Haulman said a student who is reqjuesiiting a single room, muist put itt his application request at his area office no later han April 3. Applications from all the areas will then he taken Io lie main fice and arranged in order, giving the oldest resident first clioice,. until all the single rooms are full. On April 6, the student will know if hie i lithe rioom. On April 9 students who want their same room should take their preferential form to their area office, Haulman said. When the form is turned in, the office should be able to "tell him on the spot if he'll get the room," Ball said. Those who would like to stay in tie same area but want a different room in that area should turn in their form on April 10. The area office again should be able to tell if they will get the room. Students who want to move from one area to another, should leave thle preference form in the area where they'd like to live, April I1. "They'll know that day if they'll move," Haulman said. April 12, students requesting off-campus housing should turn in their forms to their area office. In late April, the names of those who have enough hours to live off campus should be released. Oni June 1, every student will know if tie has been released from his housing contract. Ball explained that the list of room assignments will be run throUighl the computer so a print out is made, but that alonewill be its role. "This year we wanted to give them more opportunity to live where they chose, which last year didn't happen," Haulman said. RIDING HIGH ON THE PLATFORM SANDAL Roach exciting new fashion heights \th the shoe of the season ... the platform sandal Strappmg good looks that cry out fashion '73 with plenty of sole! From oircollectioi of footwear sure to g ive you a lift 22.00 w 

PAGE 12

gator, Monday, April 2, 1973 Karate! PHOTOS BY TOM HAMILTON Lynda Kitchen .smashes board A thing of the spirit, a thing 40, male and female, student of the mind, a thing of the and staff. body: karate is these and more. The Cuong Nhu Karate Club A new beginner's class will be now has over 200 regular starting under the instruction of practicing members, ranging Sensei (teacher) Ngo Dong, a from brown belt down to white fifth degree black belt master of belt, as young as I I and as old as South Vietnam. The class will Phil Morgan (L) and Frank Van Essen (R) pitted against each other during class sparring Tong Wai Lee (L) and John Benson in, .locked in sparring attack during class first meet Wednesday, April 4, at basement of the Florida gym. 5:30 p.m-. on Florida Field. If it Membership is free and open to rains, the class will meet in the all. Try it ...you may like it. 20 New Styles of Chicks Tops -All Under $10.00-many $5.00 & under. Bean Bags .Jewelry from 20 countries 1642 ed 'd''itly OLendu Animportant announcement to every student in the health professions: NEW SCHOLARSHIPS ARE AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY. THEY COVER TUITION AND RELATED COSTS AND PROVIDE AN ANNUAL INCOME OF $5,300 AS WELL. If a steady salary of $400 a month and paid-up tuition will help you continue your professional training, the scholarships just made possible by the Uniformed Services Health Professions Revitalization Act of 1972 deserve your eloj)ittention. Because if you.are now in a medical, osteopathic, dental, veterinary, podiatry, or optometry school, or are working toward a PhD in Clinical Psychology, you may qualify. We tnake it easy for you to complete yourstudies.You're commissioned as an officer as soon as you entet'the program, but remain in student status until graduation. And, during each year you will be on active duty (with extra pay) for 45 days. Naturally, if your academic schedule requires that you remain on campus, you stay on campus -and still receive your active duty pay. Active duty requirements are fair. Basically, you serve one year as a commissioned officer for each year you've participated in the program, with a two year minimum. You may apply for a scholarship with either the Army, Navy or Air Force, and know that upon entering active duty you'll have rank and duties in keeping with your professional training. The life's work you've chosenforyourself requireslong, hard, expensive training. Now we are in a position to give you some help. Mail in the coupon at your earliest convenience formoredetailed information. r----------------, "redForce. Schskrahips CCi4 Univer. Ciy. T. .s" i ., fty~~ C~,, y.___Force Nam sot se. city Enrolled.t School) T grdaeiIMonth> <Y.r) (D.gr.e>) L Month>-.y>-<e., L ---"''"----_--"'Si Sense Ngo Dong .scrutinizes class CLUB MEDITERRANEE Makes Your Vacation an EXPERIENCE Grab your 'PAREO' & Go ONE tO A MAY WEEK *alAiniquuPUUU.VV JUNE Accommodations-Activities ALL Meals (including wine) Air fare-from MIAMI $156.00 1H IS IS A WILD ONE CK with PAT UNIV CITY BANK WIL 1116 We UNIV. AVE. PH=312m-3415 GATORR ADS SELL 1 

PAGE 13

PAIDADuVEuRISEMEN IwI~ ndnependentFlorida Alligastor. Mf8.Monay Arl 2, ij mp The Buget Race Tomorrow moving, when the crack o0 gavel sigi fies the ste of the 1973-74 Elorida legislative session, University r Flo da budget Orficials will enime it with the crack of the star's u itr. v' "gun lap" he ast lap it, mile run. though much attention is focused on the budget when the Legislature eoqns its deli'. 2;i .it. -iu u funding for the University tegan h-re months ago. It started when department chairmen met with faculty members to decide nn priorities fnr the nrnming vear It c; -med tte :vrtmerr Odirme. auii ted these prinrities : ie who in turn r-nrdered there for vice oresidents. The viin orsidints rmiser trem and seit their stiggestiuns to the president who, in consultation with the University Budget Committee, prepared the final recommendations for the University. These were the sent on to the Board o Regents who made their changes in presented their recommendations to the Commissioner nf Education 9s a budget -incorporating the neeris of the ntir Diviior of Universities (all nin -tate universities). The commissioner forwarded these recommendations, after review vith Ittle change, to 6he Governor's office where they were changed e'ensiv. esul, ing in $1.5 milliorless than the Regents reuiest. This Nvwhere, i the aralag\ oi the mile run, the e enters the last ap. The ina ap sa eJ last we! whet Urversty budget officials me, with -legislative rommittw (principdilv the Senato Ways air Means Cir iittee ani theHou' Apprbp ations Corimi 'fe) to persuade tiLtr so put bac[ viat sh Govern. vas taker -tnt of 'h. Regtns' reLonmiendritis. Teams for the U' versity w ontinu -to meet v* ; isato rs iroug ina sprint t the f iin s 1 1ii .ato the last lap -s-.lr -&A ---A-. A --.1 '2 '10702 P 1-1 3 ml nAAr% Ar%%llrn"rlCCILAChI"r 

PAGE 14

,o p4 ga or, onl ay,Ip.r 1, l. 7 This Year's Budget A better understanding of the end result of the last budget race (for the current 1972-73 year) may be helpful in predicting the outcome of the new race. As can be seen in Chart A, which depicts income sources, only half (51%) of the University's budget comes from general revenue (tax) funds appropriated by the Legislature. Only eight per cent of the total funds come from tuition and fees. In looking at the University's total of seven separate budgets it should be understood that for two budgets -Contracts and Grants and Auxiliary Enterprises -the Legislature does not appropriate any state funds. It simply authorizes spending of funds that these units generate on their own. Contracts and Grants are self-explanatory. Auxiliary Enterprises are such items as the bookstore, housing and health services. Although the Legislature appropriates funds in four categories -salaries, other personnel services, operating expenses and operating capital outlay they do so in terms of the seven separate budgets of the University -Education and General, J. Hillis Miller Health Center, Contracts and Grants, Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences, Auxiliary Services, Engineering and Industrial Experiment Stations, and Veterinary Medicine. As can be seen from Chart B, which depicts total expenditures for all University budgets, by far the largest allocation (nearly $100 million, or 64%) is for salaries. Chart C depicts the Education and General budget receiving the largest (34%) portion of funds. A quick analysis of the funding for the specific areas for the current budget shows that nearly $90 million is allocated for academic and student-services. This includes instruction, course and curriculum development, research, counseling and career guidance, student development, financial aid, health services, academic advisement, etc. Another $25 million goes for the direct support of the academic and student services. This includes computer support, libraries, audiovisual, academic administration, etc. Slightly over $21 million goes for physically operating the University. This includes management, administrative services and maintaining the physical plant. This $136 million funds the core of the basic mission of the University. An additional $28 million provides the variety of other services that the University performs, such things as housing, bookstore and parking. B EXPENDITURES by APPROPRIATION CATEGORY 1972-73 A FUNDING SOURCES 1972-73 F //Ahj~ $ ,300, 000 ... FE Eg% $13100,000 S24,300,00 DISTRIBUTION of BUDGET by UNIT 1972-73 EE 4% E & G $52,900,000 CONTRACTS 10%/ .. & GR ANTS $16,000,0 OPERATIN( CAPITAL OUTLAY 1.VET MED 1% $350,000 PAID ADVERTISEMENT 1% Page 14. The Iinde n 9lrd lijtrUntwAml717 

PAGE 15

I A quick glance at the chart at right shows just how much of a job University budget officials have ahead of them. Throughout the Legislative session, they will be meeting in Tallahassee trying to restore much of what the Governor cut from the budget recommended by the Regents. Current Regents Budget Request 1972-73 1973-74 Education and General Total State University System University of Florida Engineering and Industrial Experiment Station University of Florida Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences University of Florida J. Hillis Miller Health Center University of Florida Veterinary Medicine University of Florida Auxiliary Enterprises Total State University System University of Florida Contracts and Grants Total State University System University of Florida Governor's Recommendation 1973-74 $197,386,304 $220,452,749 $212,058,920 $197,386,304 $220,452,749 $212,058,920 52,912,815 N.A. N.A. 7,000,000 7,565,842 7,315,842 24,418,T8 27,201,862 29,047,392 34,826,440 352,880 261,894 26,980,422 32,967,240 162,399 51,779,662 60,206,304 54,496,091 24,340,193 N.A. N.A. 42,774,029 47,992,908 47,992,908 16,043,493 N.A. N.A. The State University System Education and General, Auxiliary Enterprises, Contracts and Grants budgets include University of Florida figures, therefore specific dollar amounts for UF are NOT AVAILABLE. Seeking Improvements in The presentation that follows is a basic outline of items the University is asking the Legislature to fund in addition to the Governor's budget. The dollar figures are requested improvements aTd may or may not represent the final figures appropriated by the Legislature. For comparison purposes, a chart illustrating current funding for each budget is included. Except for increases to cover inflation, funding is recommended by the Governor to be relatively the same. .Education and General Commonly known as "E&G" this budget unit includes all colleges except Agriculture and those in the Health Center. ACADEMIC POSITION NO LOSS PROVISION $264,000 The combination of a declining per cent of college age students going on to college, a leveling off of the size of the college age pool and the opening of two new state universities may cause a temporary decline in the number of new students at the University of Florida. Consequently, the University is urging a special allocation (similar to one received by FSU and UWF last year) for faculty positions in addition to those generated by formula. Without this the University could lose some academic positions in 1973-74. The University is asking only for an extension of this provision for one year, as enrollment decline should only last that long. (The Governor has not included this in his recommendations to the Legislature.) RESEARCH OPERATING EXPENSE $440,920 In spite of the fact that the University has a different mission than other state universities -advanced graduate and professional education and research -it receives the same operating expense per academic position as each of the other eight institutions.Consequently, the University is recommending the adoption of an additional operating expense allocation of $2,000 per research position rather than an additional $100 per academic position. NON-ACADEMIC POSITIONS $ 765,000 In order to make better use of faculty resources and provide support for graduate and research programs the University is urging the adoption of a new formula for determining Career Service positions. (Cont.) I Next Year's Request rAID ADVERTISEMENT 5 few slampWww"Wilt F-~V The I asenetFlorida AliIwaor, Monday. AprSi2, 1073, PigS 15 DA r% Ar%%lr-r2'rlLr-ILAC&I'lr i 

PAGE 16

F--~ Paaa 16, The Indapandn MFlorida Allitor, Monday, Apri 2, 1973 PAID ADVERTISEMENT E&G Improvements (cont.) FLORIDA STATE MUSEUM $308,000 Although physical facilities at the Florida State Museum are adequate, sufficient funds needed to complete public exhibits have not been allocated. At current funding levels it will take 10 years to complete the public exhibit area. To cut down this unreasonable time span, the University is requesting $250,000 per year for the next three years to contract for extra help needed to complete the exhibit area. The museum also needs $58,000 more to support their regular programs. University is asking for increased support to take advantage of current trends in the development of instructional media. A substantial portion of these funds would be used to train teachers to use these new media methods effectively. NORTHEAST REGIONAL DATA CENTER $3,088,000 The University is requesting the Legislature to consider a one-time expenditure to purchase the new computer being used in the Northeast Regional Data Center -this will eliminate the cost of spreading the purchase price over four years. CONTINUING EDUCATION $ 175,000 ADMINISTRATION AND GENERAL POSITIONS $870,000 Administration and general positions are used in offices which serve students and alumni, such as the registrar, counseling center and financial aid as well as offices serving the entire campus community such as personnel, purchasing and accounting. Only a small portion of the positions comprise the central administrative officers of the University. Recently increased work loads imposed upon the offices serving students and alumni and the campus community have forced This Year's Education and General Budget Includes the colleges of Arts & Sciences, Architecture and Fine Arts, Journalism and Commurications, Business Administration, Education, Physical Education Health and Recreation, Engineering, University College. Instruction $19,200,000 Individual Research 3,900,000 Continuing Education 1,000,000 Community Service 500,000 Radio & Television 300,000 Libraries 2,200,000 Museums 700,000 Audio Visual 300,000 Computing Support 600,000 Laboratory Schools 800,000 Auxiliary Support 90,000 Academic Support* 9,100,000 Professional Personnel Development 100,000 Student Development 150,000 Counseling & Career Guidance 150,000 Financial Aid Administration 100,000 Residential Services 40,000 Services to Special Students 601,000 Academic Advisement 1,600,000 General Student Affairs 100,000 Executive Management 500,000 Administrative Services 4,300,000 Physical Plant 7,100,000 TOTAL $52,890,000 *Includes career service positions and salaries and all operating expense and operating capital outlay used in the instruction and research prograins. current resources to be used more often in responding to clerical processes rather than in serving the campus community. The University is requesting more than 70 new positions to meet this increasingly serious problem. LAW LIBRARIES $145,000 The University of Florida law school ranks sixth in the nation in student enrollment, 44th in the number of library volumes and 98th in book dollars expended per student. The University is supporting the Board of Regents's proposal for separate funding for law libraries and the continuance of the special allocations for book operating capital outlay. UNIVERSITY LIBRARIES $3,200,000 The University is asking the Legislature to support the University Library at a level commensurate with the stature and status of an advanced graduate and research center. There are more than 50 research libraries in 28 states that spend. more for books and add more books per year than does the University of Florida. AUDIO-VISUAL SERVICES The University of Florida and Florida A&M receive the least number of dollars per student for audio-visual support among the state institutions. The The University is asking the Legislature to provide for students who take credit courses by correspondence with a similar Wevel of general revenue support as those who take the same courses as resident students. The University is also asking that a modest amount of general revenue support be provided for the non-credit portion of the continuing education program. This would allow for rapid dissemination of results of research programs to citizens. PHYSICAL PLANT I $400,000 The University is asking for a continuation of an increased building maintenance allocation in order to handle deferred maintenance problems. The University will need at least $400,000 a year for four years and an average of $50,000 the next two years in order to correct major maintenance problems that have been deferred too long. These include elevator replacement, stair tread repair, steam pipe replacement and building waterproofing. Ma AEIE ENGINEERING AND INDUSTRIAL EXPERIMENT STATION $ 250,000 In addition to urging the Legislature to continue funding EIES as a separate budgetary unit, the University is asking for $250,000 to be used as seed money to obtain federal grants for research in beach preservation. This request is in addition to the current $500,000 appropriation from general revenue. As. Institute of Foodl As directed by the Board of Regents the total 1973-74 I FAS budget request M4E was submitted in two parts. The first reflects the amount needed to continue operating at the current level, the other lists resources needed to become more effective in certain areas. cu i This budget request includes an estimated $1,219,284 in federal funds. However, recent cutbacks in federal funding will reduce this amount by $289,164. 1 If these funds are not replaced by funds from General Revenue, a serious reduction in the research and extension programs of IFAS could result. EWP CONTINUATION OF CURRENT PROGRAM LEVEL FACULTY SALARY EQUALIZATION $ 543,320 Although the Legislature has mandated equal pay for equal work within the state universities, this has not been the case for IFAS. Faculty salaries average $1,267 below similar positions in State University System. These funds would be used to achieve salary equity with State University System's E&G faculty. MEET INCREASED OPERATING EXPENSES $574,816 Expense appropriations have not kept up with costs the past four years. This has reached a critical point since the increased cost of uncontrollable items has required about 80 per cent of the increased appropriations allocated for expenses. This has caused loss of program efficiency, postponement of property maintenance and use of stocks of supplies which have now become critically short. MEET OPERATING CAPITAL REPLACEMENT NEEDS $ 200,000 This funding request is to be used to replace worn out and obsolete items. About 10 per cent of the existing inventory needs replacement annually. Last year's appropriation was for replacement of less than eight per cent of existing inventory and resulted in a $200,000 shortage. Ir ;n te ing f EN' a D' ti tiary tion duct and c h t Ft hu ru kn RLL~ft~ 1 $$a,000 

PAGE 17

D#IAm LlVtf IS~MENT 7w FuOwvw r W",uyMfl 1 2-~ 1 ugs Po 1 What About SalariesP The Governor's recommendations include a 5.25 per cent average increase for all state employee positions including faculty, administrative and professional and career service positions. It must be noted that this is an average increase -increases to individuals will be based on merit and may be more or less than the 5.25 increase. The Board of Regents has employed the Frank C. Brown Company to conduct a study to determine a competitive compensation scale for faculty and administrative and professional personnel. The study may result in increases above the 5.25 figure for these positions. The Brown study will include recommendations for fringe benefits, as well as salary adjustments, for faculty and administrative and professional positions but will not include adjustments for state career service personnel. Since it will not include recommendations for fringe benefits for career service personnel, the Legislature may not act upon the study until a fringe benefits study for career service personnel can be included. Nevertheless, the Board of Regents is planning to proceed with the submission of the study and to do what it can to obtain the recommended salary and fringe benefit adjustments. and Agricultural Sciences MOET INCREASED ENROLLMENT NEEDS $271,995 Additional instructors are needed due to enrollment increases that have occu ed during the last three years. Enrollment increased about 10 per cent in 1 0-71. In 1972-73 when University enrollment did not grow, IFAS enrollt increased by 4.5 per cent in the fall and 13.5 per cent in the winter quarter. EXPANSION OF CURRENT PROGRAMS In order for IFAS to conduct effective research and development programs in certain critical areas, the Board of Regents has recommended increased funding for IFAS in the following areas: ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND NATURAL RESOURCES $1,157,000 FAS could make positive, constructive contributions to reducing pollution I improving the quality of the environment in the following ways: (1) D lopment of non-chemical pest control which reduces environmental pollutil from pesticides; (2) Disposal of secondarily treated sewage effluent by terJary treatment through the living plant-soil filtering system; (3) Use and utilization of solid municipal waste and untreated agricultural waste in agricultural proluction; (4) Control and use of plant nutrients so they will not enter surface mnd ground water supplies; (5) Development of a comprehensive aquatic weed :rol program by the use of fish, insects, pathogenic diseases and mechanical sting and secondary utilization of these plants; (6) Preservation and prot on of recreational areas, and (7) Protection of health through the producJot of foodstuffs free from contaminants. ttAL DEVELOPMENT $ 548,000 Rural and community development efforts of IFAS are aimed at combining uran, natural and financial resources with public and private institutions in 'ug areas to make desirable places to live, work and play by: (1) Accumulating :n *edge and information about human and natural resources and their potential to attract and support new industries; (2) Planning, financing and producing public services needed for community population, and (3) Developing new management practices and enterprises to improve the earnings of low-income farm and non-farm families. INCREASED CAREER SERVICE POSITIONS $305,000 Prior to the 1969 wage and hour law restrictions, many Career Service employees worked more than 40 hours per week during planting and harvesting (cont.) This Year's Institute of Food and Agricultural Sciences Budget Instruction $ 1,300,000 Research Institutes t 15,100,000 Individual Research 50,000 Community Service 20,000 Agricultural Extension 5,100,000 Libraries 200,000 Academic Support* 1,500,000 Professional Personnel Development 100,000 Academic Advisement 70,000 Executive Management 200,00( Administrative Services 300,061. Physical Plant 500,0(U TOTAL $24,440,00 *lncludes career service positions and salaries and all operating expense and operating capital outlay used in the instruction and research programs. tMission and program oriented research I -~ Ii PAIn AnJCoiriOlEILAleILM9r The 1-m I -odkm-I FinrWm AlUmmto. &Aft-AA-is -s eamms m-a-* 

PAGE 18

PAID ADVyERTISEMENTI IFAS Improvements (cont.) seasons and at other special times as a condition of employment. The 1970-71 Legislature recognized the restraints of the law and provided 47 of 100 needed positions to supply the loss in working hours. The remaining 53 positions are needed more than ever to increase the productivity of the research program. RESIDENT INSTRUCTION PROGRAMS management of confined livestock to avoid stress and maintain health; (c) beef cattle production testing program; (d) improvements in swine production an& management with special emphasis on swine industry in west and central Florida; and (e) a more orderly and competitive marketing system for Florida's agricultural products. $ 233,000 Additional support for the resident instruction program is needed in order to reduce the time each teacher must spend in the classroom. This request is based on consideration of 14 contact hours per week as a normal load. In addition, the preveterinary student number is growing rapidly thus requiring careful, time-consuming counseling, advising and handling applications for the regional program -a statewide responsibility of the I FAS instruction program. The formula generated academic advisement resources does not provide for this special need. One additional academic position with support is needed. AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM $ 2,835,000 Existing IFAS programs which offer further opportunities for highly productive research and extension education programs have been identified as: (a) mechanization of the harvesting systems for horticultural crops; (b) the proper Fl J. Hills Miller Health Center To continue current programs the Health Center is asking that $3,805,904 be added to the 1972-73 base of $29,047,392. For improved programs a request of $213,906 is being made to provide additional expense dollars over the four per cent inflation guidelines for Teaching Hospital operating expenses. A total of $1,759,238 for new programs would provide support for items generated by the Project I expansion. These include the opening of 48 new beds in the Teaching Hospital, library expansion and increased plant operation and maintenance. In addition to the resources required for the completion of the construction phase of Project I, the following resources are needed for improving and expanding current programs and for funding programs which are a part of Project 1. COMMUNITY HEALTH AND FAMILY MEDICINE $276,000 This program has been mandated but not funded by the Legislature and was developed in order to combat the serious shortage of doctors practicing family medicine in the rural undeveloped areas of the state. Currently, twothirds of all doctors practice in a specialty area while only one-third practice in the area of primary care of family medicine. These funds would help continue several programs that have been developed to solve this problem. EMERGENCY AND OBSERVATION ROOMS $91,000 New emergency and observation rooms are to be completed by April 1, 1974 as a portion of Project 1. These resources would be used to staff that operation for the last quarter of the 1973-74 fiscal year. SHIFT DIFFERENTIAL $306,000 These funds would be used to make the shift differential for nursing personnel comparable with similar institutions in the Southeast. COMMUNICORE PACKAGE $ 326,911 This consists of two parts: the Learning Resources Center and Teaching Laboratory Resources. The Learning Rei@rces Center will utilize automated instructional systems for presenting a large volume of information with the use of tapes, television recording, filmstrips, etc. The Teaching Laboratory Resources program will provide a student oriented area for the convergence of a variety of teaching programs taught by Health Center faculty. PHARMACY -OTHER PERSONAL SERVICES $33,000 This request is needed to support the instruction of clinical resident pharmacists. LIBRARY $45,000 This request is related directly to personnel needs associated with the Project I expansion. The library will have the responsibility for staffing and maintaining a new area five times its present space. This Year's J. Hillis Miller Health Center Budget Instruction $ 3,400,000 Individual Research 1,000,000 Community Service 200,000 Libraries 300,000 Audio Visual 20,000 Teaching Hospitals 18,000,000 Auxiliary Support 400,000 Academic Support* 3,900,000 Academic Advisement 80,000 Executive Management 300,000 Administrative Services 500,000 Physical Plant 900,000 TOTAL -$29,000,000 includess career service positions and salaries and all operating expense and operating capital outlay used in the instruction and research programs. / P I-TeI' .Fkislmt -LndwA i2l7 

PAGE 19

AILADVER ISELMENT The ndnependent Florida Alligator, Monday-. April 2,1973, Page 19 Capital Outlay Although undergraduate enrollment is projected to level off at the University, the need for fixed capital outlay will continue to be significant. These funds will be needed to accommodate modest growth, especially in graduate programs, and meet existing space shortages. In addition to funds for Project I at the Health Center funds will be needed for the College of Veterinary Medicine and renovation and replacement of buildings -many of which were constructed nearly half a century ago. J. HILLIS MILLER HEALTH CENTER CAPITAL OUTLAY $2,752,715 The state deferred purchase of important equipment and borrowed money from other University programs to build Project 1. The University is requesting that the deferred purchase be funded at this time and that the borrowed money be repaid in order that deferred programs can be continued. COLLEGE OF VETERINARY MEDICINE $10,010,000 The college is beginning to take shape with completion of the architectural program and a more finished form for the curriculum. However, recent federal cutbacks in support of Veterinary Medicine programs have necessitated the request for full state support of the building program. $15,080,000 RENOVATION AND REPLACEMENT These funds, combined with funds previously allocated from bond funds allocated by the Regents, will permit the University to renovate University Auditorium, Anderson Hall, Leigh Hall and Weil Hall. It will also permit replacement of Peabody Hall, Floyd Hall, Reed Laboratory, Grove Hall and the Seagle Building plus temporary buildings AE, CJ, D, E, I and K. Renovation and replacement of all substandard space will require $41,350,000. The real"winner" in the budget race will be quality education for students of the University of Florida. 4Lr. -A UnIversIty Digest Prpti~ep ~pi risdy d r (,#yhVOl lvs o) thiolp,4,(1 s"ar Iotoi/ic f, )Ihl /npfIv P h 'I pl mi /?tp rd [otosld II.IlI/I iIIIIIfIo-lp lIv~ I Ot I This Year's Veterinary Medicine Budget Academic Support* $100,000 Course and Curriculum Development 100,000 Architectural Fees 150,000 TOTAL $350,000 *Includes career service positions and salaries and all operating expense and operating capital outlay used in the instruction and research programs. Urera t D"est PAIrN .00 

PAGE 20

Page 20, The independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973 or OlfM APRII E. A. Gorman Editor Dirt Band played but turnout poor The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band otayed in Gainesville Saturday mnght. Appearing with them at tizens Field were world seller Charles Lloyd (and ;and). Hi.-r (a .ca band), oo Nate a John (a Gainesville let and ttcc'.ds). but on ,oout 2,700 people card thes our bands at the Indoor concertt which was oduced h, One Family. 'It wa potentially a good ncer t aid Sap Taylor anage I ate and .johj. e gest bi nof tuci-e inis incert on the 'octtr. u of ti peopc of Gainesville. lot peopk (knew (about it) but cc didn nme ., It was their caft)I e: an outdoor 'o c and I possible tain-ot .It's absurd that the 'Itipr tAA his towc sa"' wa oiseun' but wont I even come Oui for a --iollar concert." Rob Matett, ."friend of the family" at behind-the-scenes worker to .ie concert, echoed Taylor's disgust over the crowd turnout. "What do the people in Gainesville want" tEntertainment or just to :.ay they went to a big-name stow?' he asked. 'ihere were other problenis too. Tw( days of rain preceded the day o lie coct'. And the Nitty ( ty ikt Band's 0 lipmetid ti sw up. Competition stuo" oc 1! pwniUC their drav an, i t rT( ect, tII I it''t1 1 > ),I ieiC t' u g Ac p i h M!t "',e i G :r io hon ing th meswit be hl ApIt 15. ihi ite witei sill gbc Aprti -ait, hechSeond hIloor C ie a.( i rtcCptiot hoot in the witters wit bC hl~d Aptl 15. PFisi prize wii be a $100 git certiicatiC Secoto ard tird prizes vl : be gift certificre: troth various merchants. All stucients are invited to submit, and any itedia will be accepted provided tle piece is cottplete with a frame. Collection Cohleccor's 'Corte collectiots )I fine pottery wsV; 1hc ott display i rIo 1 I 18 of t le Union begiting tomorrow. These "collectables will be frout the collection of Mrs. Elizabeth Jones of Gainesville and will include examples of Belleek. Rock Wood, and Weller which are all from the United States. Miles complained about the, noise ordinance that caused them -o stop the Friday-night concer it t11 p.m. instead of midnight. He also complained that the gym is only available about once a quai er for concerts. It was used the first Saturday Nitty Gritty Dirt Band ponsorea ov One ramity At the last minute, Nate aitC John agreed to allow the Vir' Band to use their ;quipmen: cancelhtin another git to do Iccoidirig to Taylor. Accotoing to Marier. ts hro e hat plhyrd eacd iustaineu approximately a '( pet i. oss of the amount tht v cr ssp c sed to be paid. P 'youwrs Cliffot' 'one, at ,! i ier were t -avactt' 'inesville Poice the concert to shut down at 1:30 p.m. The permit obtained irom the City of Gainesviile for ihe concert stated the nusic should be over by I1I p.m. A Friday-night concern Ttint Iume Hall with the Archer Road Show iorm'. Known as lawbo w sei pagied wi th seveN noise compialit. littoit a trailer park, acco:ditic uMike Miles, : mcber ,t )GP Ye Pirate re%. i sit tiHc Garw 'In e n, -,c otv;MCC ,?,V ightof4spriag a rtr, by rhc AMachoa Cou?.y School Borvd "Caines'ille: bad name nationwide for having coicer. Miles said, but added the betteli concert held Saturday afternoon in the Plaza of the Ameri'a came off pretty go-d "The Dirt Bait !nencan by and Jammed," Is ;ai" [TODAY CAMPUS LILY DAY Please Give a Little to Help a Lot Sponsored By: qlational Student Speech & Hearing Association \:achua County Easter Seal Society THREE GOOD REASONS FOR YOU 1O Ccme To The Recruitment Meeting Tuesdcay N qht at Carlton Auditorium 7:30 PM NDAY L 2, 1973 I ---- 

PAGE 21

L Jacob Latenier, pianist The Pro Arte Musica's 1972-73 season will conclude with a concert performance by pianist Jacob Lateiner on April 11th in the J. Hillis Miller Health Center Auditorium, at 8:30 p.m. Lateiner's performance will feature Beethoven's "Waldstein Sonata," Schubert's "Two Impromptus, Op. 90," Chopin's "Scherzo in C Sharp Minor," and Schumann's "Fantasie, Op. 17." Exhibii THE GALLERY was started, according to employe Bruce Walls, out of a hunger for a place for artists to display their art. "We are working hard with plans to make Gainesville a place known for its art, like Winter Park," he said. I The exhibits at the Lost Art Upstairs Gallery change every two weeks, and, according to Walls, "objects are displayed at reasonable prices." The Lost Art Upstairs Gallery located at 1636 W. University Ave. in the Renaissance Fair is featuring a new art exhibit today. It will run through April 14. Among the Potpourri of art supplies, framing supplies and counters, the works of five artists will be on display. The artists include: Diane Voyentizie, llarry Michael, Steve Rochow, Joan Dickson and Helene Flemming. DIANE Voyentizie has won first and third prizes for her acrylics in the 1973 Fine Arts Assoc. Show. Also a member of the Gainesville Fine Arts Assoc. and the National Council on Education for the Ceramic Arts, lelene Flemming will feature fun c t ional pottery such as bowls. cups, milk pitchers and teapots in her display. larry Miclhael, presently exploring the aspects of sir realist painting, is front Aruba, a small island off the coast of Venezuela, and is T rie Boyer marn i a The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973, Page 21 opens today self -taught. will exhibit her creations of STEVE Rochow has exhibited macrame on driftwood with in various shows in Miami, seashells, belts and necklaces. Chicago, and Gainesville. He The Lost Art Gallery is works with various modes of Gainesville's first private art wire mesh to make silhouettes of gallery and was built on the people in different positions. concept of helping art students A member of the Gainesville and citizens get a variety of art Artisans Gtild, Joan Dickson, supplies at a low price. 1~~, I TALK 1 During this campaign we'll be future changes we'd like to see! Things like student control of the at And human sexuality clinics And a decent activity complex for p But if you want changes that you don' some you do, tell us about them. We're, a You're our spec Paid PoliticalI I 5. p S 1 The Lost Art Upstairs Gallery .in preparat* n for the exhibit '01 U US walking around campus explaining what activity fee erformers t see in our platform, or disagree with all of us, in this together. ial interest group Ad Proudly Paid By Future Changes ad I 

PAGE 22

Page 22, The independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973 FOR SALE 0 Men's 10 speed bike, 23 inch frame schwinn varsity, lights and Acc., $60; 12 ga. dbi. barrel shotgun in exc. cond. with acc., Bill 372-1272 (a-5t-102-p) 1972 Invader mobile home. 12x47 carpeted partially furnished excellent condllton. 495-2517 after 3-30 (a-St-102-p) 5 acre farm for lease in Williston $1 per year water electric septic tank 40 ft. building mindrity group accepted write 2007 2nd Ave Apt 236 St. Pete, Fla. 33702 (a-5t-102-p) Darling baby Ferrets $25 makes wonderful pet call 372-8011 (a-3t=103-p) banjos guitars harps strings and most musical merchandise. The Folk Shop 1634Y W. University Ave. Come up stairs. flat pick still 5 cents. (a-St-102-p) 48 pass. bus, 90% conv. Heated H20 bed, fold down couch, chair, refrig stereo, shag, a/c & heat, new eng, brakes, rad., clutch, 2 spd axle, and more. must see will trade, cost flexible. Ken, apt 208, 702 sw 16 ave (a-2t-106-p) 1965 opel good mileage driven by little old lady 500 dollars or best offer telephone no. 392-8921 (a-3t-104-p) 1971 Kawasaki 250 excellent condition must sell $595 or best offer call 392-7585 after 6:30 will consider trade for smaller trail bike (a-5t-104-p) Triumph Bonneville new paint, tools & fact. manual, helmet & acc., see at 1416 nw 5th ave., after S, cull 372-1704, 35,000 ml. 570.00 (a-5t-104-p) MOBILE HOME 4 sale 48x12 2 bedroom carpet a/c 1972 Like NEW LOW equity & take over or Cash sale Call Bob 378-6346 (a-St-104-p) U.S. Divers yellow vinyl delux twin 53 unit /U.S. Divers aqua-master regulator/pressure gauge tnewi call 373-1167 (a-5t-107-p) 6-trck Sony tape-deck-receiver plus four matching Sony speakers Price is negotiable Call Steven at 373-6745 after 6:00 p.m. iu-St-107-p) 5,000 btu AIR CONDITIONER exci cond 1 yr old $90. koss esp6 stereo headphones $45. call RICK 372-7863 (a-5t-107-p) TRIUMPH daytona -500cc 1969 very good condition -must see to appreciate -call 378-0864 ask for BJ la-5t-107-pl Stereo; realistic sta-65c receiver, optimus 5 speakers, 3 way 50 watts rms. receiver -82 watts ihf. excellent condition. call Steve 392-8082 (a-3t-107-p) 1971 honda cb 350 gold metal flake inc helmet $425 call jerry at 392-7574 (a-3t-107-p) BI FOR SALE 1970 Honda cl 175 needs some work but nothing major looks good $200 or best offer call ernIe at 376-2320 (a-5t-105-p) 1971 G.E. Refrigerator for sale Excellent Condition -Just like new $85.00 caH 378-8089 (a-3t-105-P) large premier accoustical guitar I paid $189.50 -will sell for $75.00 good condition phone 373-8115 morning or after 5:00 (a-3t-105-p) by owner: brick 4br 2Vabath 2 flreplacexfla room wall to wall carpet c heat & aIr 3360 sq. ft $49,500 bank will loan 44000 -2002 nw 12th rd. 372-0996 (a-10t-105-p) 3 hauling trailers $60 each. 2vw vans for buggys or parts, no engines. 1 $50 other $100. Miscellaneous vw engine parts (many) Tom 372-5100 (a-5t-106-p) DRUMSI add your snare to my drums and have a full set $60. GUITAR stiles solid body elec./w. hard case $125 468-1759 10 rings. (a-3t-105-p) Dalmatian puppy -male, AKC registered, shots, partially trained, affectionate, Intelligent $95. Fairlight Dalmatians 378-0293 after 3:30. (a-5t-106-p) 1970 Honda Litle 50 very good condition and low mileage price negotible. call 373-7667 after 5 p.m. (a-4t-107-p) 5'10" creation surfboard. good condition. $40 call steve 392-7311 ia-2t-105-P) Electric guitar, freedom amplifier. guitar has magnatone neck & body Gibson pickup & bridge -amplifier is 100 watts. Call Steve at 372-4701 (a-3t-106-p) Nagging wife? Screaming kids? Unwanted guests? Ord6r an Inflatable Rubber Hartley! Just Inflate with BOT and attach m miniaturized Babbling Device. Quite Obnoxiousd H artley Pseudoenterprises, Lower Bonita Springs. (a-1t-106-p) 1972 triumph bonneville assume payments or pay cash & save many custom parts call dick ats373-6150 ia-3t-106-p) SCM portable Corsair typewriter. Good condition, only used a few times. $20 or best offer. Call Karen 372-5015. Hi J and K! (b-3t-106-P) Mobile Home 12x55 Furnished 2 bedroom air conditionedwil MRent Sell or Trade For Older Modal 378-8490 372-5633 (a-St-106-p) 36" round glass top table 4 chairs best offer; 35mm yashica $50 373-7045 after 4pm (a-3t-106-p) panasonic track recorder deck $65 worth $100 new. lafayette stereo amp -$110, 160watt. qarard 55b-$50 call gary -392-9253, 244 rawlings (a-1t-106-P) aggies. A NEW FASHION KICK From FREMACS LEVI'S CHEAP JEANS BRATEN j 4 .nA M~ "HOMs OF TE AZY LTTLE TAeSll" IFREMACS" Fremaics in the Gainesville. 'I "Vonnegut reaches something* the theater desperately needs: an imaginative mind. I find the thwack and the quack irresistible." .Walter Kerr, The New York Times K -.1 -Wednesday, April 11 UNIVERSITY AUDITORIUM TICKETS ON SALE AT CONSTANS I LOST WAX CASTING WEDNESDAY AFTERNOONS APRIL 4 -25 MAY 2 -23 1:30 pm -4:30 pm $8.00 for each Session JEWELRY CONSTRUCTION TUESDAY AFTERNOONS APRIL 3 -24 MAY 1 -22 1:30 -4:30 pm $8.00 for each Session REGISTRATION ARCHH 26 -APRIL 2 8:30 AM -4:30 PM kRTS & CRAFTS CENTER WRU -G -41 392-2378 J of F ID REQUIRED EES INCLUDE SOME SUPPLIES. :NROLLMENT IS pWEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENINGS BEGINNING APRIL 11 AND 12 RESPECTIVELY AND ENDING MAY 30AND 31. 7:30 -9:30 PM CHARGE --$8.00 INO REFUNDS AFTER 1st CLASS) STUDENTS REGISTER IN JWRU 310 RESERVED-2.00 P ROG R AM OFFICE GEN UBL -1.00 BEGINNING MARCH 26 -8:00 RESERVED 2.50 AM -5:00 PM NON-RESERVED 1.50 LIMITED AND MUST lulk BE MADE IN PERSON. TASTY DESSERTS TO CROWN ANY MEAL TUESDAY APRIL 3 CALL 392-1656 FOR RESERVATIONS LIMITED TO 20 n &I ELIZABETH JONES PRESENTS A COLLECTION OF DECORATIVE POTTERY IYE J-IK 9 v1I C --.A IF 

PAGE 23

ATCOR CL ASSxF'IEJ The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2,1973, Page 23 GuITAR stoat trying 35.00 with case call 392-1553 ask for Joe Beckham night -4754254 (a-3t-104-p) 8x40 trailer one bedroom, air conditioned, on 5 aCres rented land 10 minutes from med-center $85o.oo call anytme 376-2044 must sell this week (a-3t-104-P) 1970 bronzwood 2br. air, furnished, in excellent condition, very clean lot 5 baker's shady nook, $2900 or best offer, come by or call 376-8178 (a-3t-104-P) raleigh super course 10 spd, superb condition, $120. beneill 250cc IncI shop manual catalog $50 or best offer drawing straightedge $25 378-0601 (a-St-104-p) 1971z Honda s350k 2300 miles. fork brace, spare tires, helmet, accessories included. $450 or best offer. 373-1047 5816 S.w. archer No. 106 (a-2t-105-P) 2 NEW H70 x 15 Sears tires -$10 ea. New Peanut gas tank -$20. 650 Yamaha seat -$15. Triple intake & cars for 235 Chevy -$10. 372-4733 (a-t-105-p) Surfboard 6'6" plastic fantastic speed-beach break shape 4 mths olc excellent condition, $95. see at 816 n.w. 11 ave. 372-6739 (a-2t-105-p) lbr 2bath home. open beam cling, cn heat/air, corner lot, fenced yard, gas grill. cp+utiiity$1460 sq ft. 1368 ne 31 pl. $29,000. 378-8714 (a-5t-107-p) stereo troubles? for fast guaranteed repairs on amps -turntables -tapes -or any sound equipment call bob 376-1747 day or night (a-3t-107-p) CW 7:10 V Fpt y~r.M' 9:20 @5 Reaomme or Children SHOW 0 1:30 302 'o egen 4:34 :0 7:43 9:25 $1.00 215 Daily Except Sunday & Hiiiidays I C f4* WNNER OF~ SHOW 3 ACADEMY 2:00 A WARDS 5:20 aimc 1asm 8:20 SMAMUA "WK. 8E fi$i REIm8IES 2 11 9:15 Daily Excp Sunday & Holidays SNOWS -mCK SAlt" 1:45 AN 5:0 Theylaidtheconen the 7:25 wrong dde. newthe 9:20 cneet'sutu etn eau 81.0y 2:15 Daily Except Sunday & Holidays sublet apt free security deposit 71.75 Own room lp:oo color tv and heat and central air Close to campus call 378-4069 anyone lb-5t-103mps I br. apt. air conditioned, carpets, private patio, new law school and Westgate Shoppint Center. Nice and quiet, lease through Aug. $140. 373-1376 (b-40t-69-p) Need male roomate, private house, own room, nice but cheap, in n gville, $55 per mo & share expenses 3 miles from campus, 373-5018 (b-3t-106-p) Male roomate to begin now in 2 br Hawaiian vil apt damage fee, last month rent paid. Call 378-9096 to inquire further. (b-5t-102-p) Female roommate 30.00/mo. Share kitchen and bath. Call Kath or Diane 373-0618 (b-3t-106-p) mate roomate liberal mature large 3 bedroom apt. Ground floor next to pool, own room waterbed $85 + one-third utli. Williamsburg 378-0350 or 376-1253 (b-St-102-p) deal! 1 bdroom duplex -3 blocks from campus -$115 mo. -avail. april -call 373-7704 living rm/kitchenette/nice neighbors! yard. (b-3t-106-p) sublet female The Place March June Y4 rent March rent free nice roommates beautifully furnished has pool and sauna 376-1178 or-No. 123 (b-5t-102-pl NICE 1 br apt furn a/c private patio very quiet and close to nature married couplets or trad student 378-0088, 373-1585rafter 6:00 $140 (b-3t-105-p) own room air conditioned house n.e. se c t Ion carpeted, furnished, semi-liberal togetherdperson preferred $50 a month and 1/) utilities call 378-6140 lb-Si-lOS-al female to share large bedroom in a nice, large house -apt. Only $50 + 1/3 utilities a month 4 blocks from campus air conditioned call 373-6105 (b-3t-105-p) roommate wanted own room in luxury apt. close to campus central air and heat one month free rent female call 372-7046 (b-St-105-P) 1 bed. apt. available immediately at summit house. $129 unfurnished carpet, pool, central ac, laundry. call 373-8390 or mgr. (b-3t-104-p) sublet one bedroom furnished hawaiian village apt. $175 per month 373-0312 (b-St-104-p) sublet $105 mo. new 1 br. mobile home, all elec. newly furnished central ac carpet private patio, woods star. shed, after 4 p.m. 373-5788 .b-3t-104-p male roomate for new trailer own rm 15 miss fr campus, $61/mo Intl auks near pool, laundryhave darkrm.L want someone semipermanent. pat 378-0601 (b-5t-104-P) Best deal in Gainesville $120 and 1/ utilities for spr qtr no deposits -new apts. close to Med Center 376-5519 (b-st-102-p) sublet 1 bedroom apt in Country Village $147/mo call 378-2775 (b-5t-104-p) FOR RENT need 1 female to share room in a 2 bedroom apt behind norman hail $45 + 1/3 utilities 378-8677 (b-3t-105-p) Your own room. Liberal roommate wanted. a/c, washing machine, etc.; very nice. $70 + W utilities monthly. 1367 NE 28 Ave. 373-6118 (b-St-105-p) sublet village pk 2br unfurnished br um. Included $160 mo call office 378-3771 or No. 84 at 373-5902 occupancy by apr 1 (b-2t-105-p) male roomate to begin now to share 3 bedroom house. air cond., quiet furnished, 2 miles from campus. 60.00 + utilities ph. 373-8373 (b-2t-105-p) female to sublease 2 bedroom mount vernon apt. available 7 april 73 call 378-4947 (b-St-106-p) Spacious two-bedroom apartment with central heat and air, lease through august, $140. 904r n 40th Ave. 378-2079 (b-t-104-) Female roommate fot spring & sum. qtrs. Summit House apts 46.75 4 W utilities. Close to Med center & VA close to campus call 373-5273 (b-3t-104-p) Roommate wanted In tralor $55/mo. includes utilities. Call 373-8146 (b-3t-104-p) Male roomate to begin now in 2br Haw vil apt damage fee pd rent 55 mo. a/c pool. quiet section call 373-7320 will negotiate (b-t-104-p) 2 BDRM APT $155 mo. at 501 nw 15th ave. couples, grad, law students preferred. call 373-3345. after 6 p.m. call 373-1857. call today!!! (b-St-107-p) sublet 1 bedroom furn. apt. patio, quiet neighborhood, shaded yard, ac $110/mo. first, last and deposit 321 nw 19 lane 376-8423 (b-2t-107-p) NEW 8 APT. COMPLEX, fully furnished 1 bdrm; washer-dryer & attic space/apt.; 1.5 to center of campus, sw 19 ave off sw 34 ave, 376-2018 372-4408 (b-t-103-) live with the characters of FRED Steve, Geo, Jay need roomate sp.; Own Room, a/c & heat, modern kitchen, washer/dryer, cable tv, good locus; $72.50 + utli. call 372-6132!! (b-3t-107-p) roommate -own bedroom ac washer carpet $50/mon + ha util lot 307 mobilecity avail after apr 15 apr rent free call crishna 373-7980 or 392-0952 (c-3t-105-p) male roomates wanted for great apt. all the extras +water & gas free rent 55/mo + I of electric -call 376-6318 ask for alan country village apts. D-7 (c-4t-105-p) female to share hawaIIan village apt. Y4 uti. march rent free call 376-2275 anytime (c-3t-105p) roommate wanted to share 2br apt with 2 other girls. $35 per month + 1/3 util. I blk from campus. calf 378-9790 (c-3-105-p) Liberal female roomate wanted to share rm. 38.75 + I futil. Avail. April 1 near campus Call Neil 376-7270 (c-St-105-p) WANTED Girl Firday 5hz days a week pleasing personality able to type must be vibrant and enjoy dealing with people apply In person Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-5 p.m. Horne's Motor Lodge St. Rd. 121 & I 75 (c-4t-106-p) female roomate needed french quarter apt 53.75 per month. no damage deposit call 373-0036 (c-3t-104-p) 2 females for hawallan village townhouse spring & summer. Great location. $58.75/mo. Call 373-0713 DESPERATE! (c-5t-104-p) 2 and 3 yr. toddlers with and without nursery experience in 1-hour session at institute for Dev. of Human Resources. Child must be observed within one week of birthday. Study to run until June 30. 392-0741 (c-5t-107-p) female wanted to share trailer only 45/mo no lease no deposits own room + 1/3 util call 373-2688 lynda now willing to negotiate (c-5t-105-p) Grad. stu. needs kind. honest. simple free-thinker to share house. Own room. Onw bath, study. Pets & Plants welcome $75+Yhutil. 373-7684 (c-2t-105-p) REFRIGERATOR TO RENT wanted for Spring quarter call 392-9650 anytime (c-St-104-p) wanted: chick to cook for two guys, 4-5 nights a week in a 3 bdrm luxury apt (self-clean oven, 2 refr. call 373-3013 af ter 1:00 p.m. lc-3t-106-p) N rW DM STREE T and 23,d IOULEVARD-I 1:55 A 3:50 NM0 f] 9:50 V MON THRU SAT ALL SEATS $1.00 TILL 2:30 1 3 sRUnd 23rd BOU EvARD 1:35 4:1 S 7:00 NG 9:35S PG CLS COLOR BY ADMISSION 504 SHOWS 7:30 2th& 9:30 Century -Fx presents WLKAIT -ludith Crist, NBC-TV TICKET AT; CONSTANS THEATRE BOX OFFICE MED CENTER AUD. APRIL 3,4,5,6 CINEMA I NOW! AT: 3:05-5:-6:55-8:50 SAT. AND SUN. AT: 1:35-3:30-5:25-7:20-9:15 FROM TNE JUNGLE T TIHE GYM.E'S TE EATESTI CINEMA 2 NOW ENDS THURSDi I-I-I -vasramwff 0 off on any LARGE or GIANT pizza Limit one per coupon -valId April 2-3-4-5 Sorry, offer void en cheese pexs. 316 S. W. 16th Ave. as WANTED 10, Female roomate OWN ROOM 54.00 + one-third uits. Univ. Gardens 376-6706 (c-5t-102-p) Wanted: Desk Clerk 2nd shift 5 days week apply in person Home's Motor Lodge 1-75 (c-5t-104STUDIOUS mature roommate to room with two senior architect grads. 58.00 mo. + util. pool. Butler Gardens 952 sw. 16 ave. cn city 373-7070 (c-3t-104-p) need 1 roomate spr. quarter country gardens apt. B-2 $58.00 a month plus W utilities call after 5:00 372-9895 373-4226 pool close to campus (c-4t-105-p) Leaving town so must take a loss Looking for easy-going girls share modern apt close to campus $100/spr qtr + Y util no deposits 373-0073 (c-3t-106-p) HELP WANTED LOCAL NAVAL RESERVE Unit has immediate pay openings for navy vets w I t h a d m i nI s t r a t ive, & communication backgrounds. 1 night per week 372-4e38 (e-19t-102-ch) OMING 

PAGE 24

GAT(pR CLASSIFnEK)S Page 24, The Independent Florid,,1llgoc, Monday, April 2,.1973 H E L P WA NT E D NEEDED: person with car to assist me In retrieval of disabled car from vrginia. cash dispensation and expenses call gary 392-8821 (e-3t-104-p) $8 Vaccine study will pay eligible volunteers 1450. if Interested come to Reitz Union, Room 118 on April 2, Monday from 1-4 p.m. 8$$$ (a-3t-105-p) NIGHT HELP NEEDED Burger King, # NW 16th Ave. Part-time and full time positions available, 5:00-11:30 p.n., 3-6 nights a week, neat appearance required must be able to work through summer Apply in person between 2&5:00 p.m. (e-5t-107-p) LOCAL JOBS --Parttme, full time or summer Opportunity for high earnings. Plus educational fund awards. Call 373-5794 8:30-5:00 for appt. (e-5t-107-p) Professor needs babysitter for week ends, 4 children, in my home. Prefer couple or mature female. Must be reliable. 392-0802, 376-4177. (e-3t-106-p) Needed Volunteer Reading Tutors. If you can read & like kids you can help. I hr. per week (your convenience) call 376-2442, 373-6014. (e-4t-106-p) Experienced secretary or bookkeeper for law office. Legal experience preferred, but will train if otherwise qualified. 376-4674 (e-10t-104-p) GRAPHIC ARTIST -DRAFTSMAN to prepare camera-ready graphs, maps, etc. in ink. 15 hrs. per wk. $1.75 per hour. Call 392-0171 (e-5t-107-c) AUTOS 67 VALIANT 2dor stnd., radio, heater, vinyl top; sharp, extra clean. $525 373-1997 days, 378-9754 eves. its a beauty. (g-3t-105-p) vw service & repair, valve ad & tune ups. painting & body work on foreign cars. excellent work at low cost. headers & 14" chrome wheels 475-2213 local (g-3-104-p) 65 pontac bonneville dependable transportation body need some work $271 or best offer 376-7606 (I-3t-10-) 1967 Austin Healy Sprite Good condition New Engine, Top and cover $1,200 in the pines aps 16b 378-0236 or 376-2597. (g-5t-104-p) 67 R-MdLER 6 cyl air Automatic Good Condition $700 378-8490 372-5633 (g-St-106-p) 1966 ford econ supervan -low mileage -excellent mech cond 240 eng -std trans -set up for camping -must sell -best reason offer -call 373-3440 a 5 p.m. (g-2t-105-p) '67 MGB new tires, clutch, brakes, electrics, carpet. runs great, body poor. call 378-0812 ask for Tom $700. (g-4t-106-p) PERSONAL S P R I N G ...Native Tan Snta. products from Daytona Beach. Save up to 50% by calling 378-9929 or come by Landmark Apt. 137 (j-St-104-p) Natural Foods. Vitamins, Hi-Pro products, yogurt makers & juicers. Sunflower Health Foods. 7 W. University. Downtown, 378-8978 (j-28t105-c) TailiQ -Quality work -men and ladies .terations -27 yrs with local mens store -business -phone 373?.3Home phone 376-3091. 6-South Main St. (j-5-64-p) DRUMS! add your snare to my drums and have a full set $60. GUITAR -stiles solid body elec. w/hard case $125 468-1759 10 rings. (J-3t-105-p) Wedding invitations $11.50 per 100; business cards, $9.95 per 1,000; rubber stamps, resumes, prntng.Cliff Hall Printing, 1103 N. Main (t-ft-102-p) GOODIE TWO SHOES Wooden Sandals that do good things for your feet & legs $4.50-6.50 Mother Earth has iti 604 NW 13th St. (j-St-102-p) NURSING EDUCATORS, Three positions available Immediately. B.S. required, M.A. preferred. Experience or training in any of the following areas: Medical, Surgical, Fundamentals, Psychiatric, Maternity, Pediatrics. Annual Salary: $12,000-$14,500. Floyd Junior College P.O. Box 789 Rome, Georgia 30161 Phone: (404)23.551 ,Extension 235 PERSONAL FREE female half sIamese cat -call 373-2850 after 5:00 (j-3t-107-p) Co-eds Facial Hair removed forev fast, low cost gentle hair remove. EDMUND DWYISR, Electrologist 102 N.W. 2nd Ave. Call 372-039 for appointment. (J-ft-54-c) FINALS!!! WORRIED!I! Take the pressure off yourself ..You will never fear a TEST again, If you learn our new PROVEN "method." Send just $1 TODAY to: Testing Research Co., S. Stoller, 2154 N. Kildare, Chgo., II. 60639. Satsfaction Guaranteed or your money back. (J-5t-102-p) ABORTIONS -For free Information and referral, call A. F. P. I. 0., a non-profit organization at 202 785-1077. (J-10t-102-p). PREGNANT? For confidential counselling Call Collect (305) 754-5471. (j-24t-97-p) sugar daddy -how about lesson No. 150 tonight at your place? can you dig It? anyway, happy 21st b-day tomorrowl luv ya always, your sweet baby (J-lt-106-p) Chuck, Happy 22nd birthday! Next year this time we'll both be alone, so let's make the best of It now. I love you, Chucky (j-1t-106-p) LOST & FOUND WATCH FOUND in parking lot by Women's Gym on Wed. March 14. To claim call Wendy 2-9622 11-3t-104-nc) Reward for return of wallet lost in gym tues. night no questions asked I need the ID's 372-1976 3860 sw archer rd (1-3t-106-p) Lost Girl's engagement ring gold band with marquis diamond lost on campus reward when returned call cathy 392-8578 (1-4t-106-p) 2 keys found on med. center hill. march 13 on a people's bank chain 373-5606 (-3t-103-nc) FOUND: Girl's watch near Broward pool. Call 2-0541 to claim ask for Madelyn. (1-3t-107-p) Z. SERVICES GUITAR LESSONS learn a. easy and basic approach to the guitar with lndivldi instruction call after. 5pm 378-v .vg (m-3t-107-pi Individualized learning for your pre-schooler. Mornings or all day. Certified teacher. Call Jud 373-4518 (m-5t-107-p) color slide development ex process bi & wh neg. & 5x7, 8x10 prints, overnight service, reasonable rates c a I I b o n n ie or george 481-2854/378-8509 (m-St-107-p) Penico Stables, Western and English rentals, 315 an hour. Night rides on Friday 7 to 9 p.rn., by reservations, Party facilities call 475-1700 (m-30t-107-p) SELF HYPNOSIS for self improvement individual instruction Donald Pratt -Hypnotist Licensed 373-3059 Certified call for Information or appointment (m-10t-104-p) want a new different dating experience? try astrological dating service send name full date of birth inc. hour if known p.o. box 12536 $5. Fee must be included. (m-St-104-p) SCUBA CLASSES -start mon april 2 -only.$35 -national ymca cert call g'vlile ymca -372-5621 -or call Instructor mike iukowski 373-3440 (m-2t-105-p) 'PROFESSIONAL TYPING SERVICE now has exclusive Magnetic Card Typewr4ter. Dimension, constancy, error free, higher quality typing. Dictation by telephone and excellent copying services too. Call 376-7160. (m-55t-58-p) SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE farm boarding stables & riding academy finest care for your horse. stalls 7 pasture lited ring 378-1342 373-1059 (m-lOt-100-p) 3 TENNIS LESSONS -$5! Expr pro forming classes now. Private and semi-private also available. Call Jerry: 378-9452 (m-5t-104-p) WE'RE WIRED FOR SIGHT AT UNIVERSITY OPTICIANS. 535 S.W. 4th AVE. 378-4480 (m-ft-54-p) IFC Spring Frolics tneyve cnangea even pore ft than you FloridaGymnasium THURSDAY, APRIL 12 8:00 PM TICKETS: $3.50 ADVANCE $4.00 DOOR -date of Concert Rebel Discount, Recordsville, JWRU Box Office GET YOUR TICKETS EARLY WHILE THEY LAST I q Lost your contact? Gator ads MAKE contacts! li ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS' To place classiflads, use the form below, and strictly adhere to the following instructions: Minimum charge is $1.25 for 4 lines. For each additional line add 35 cents. Multiply the total by the number of days the ad is to run, then subtract the discount. The discount below is applicable ONLY if the ad is run in consecutive days. THERE ARE NO REFUNDSI The acceptance of payment with advertising copy does not constitute a binding agreement on the Independent Florida Alligator to publish said copy. The Independent Florida Alligator reserves the right to act as sole judge of the suitability of any or all advertising copy submitted for publication, and the right to edit, revise, delay, or reject any advertising CopyMail this ad, with remittance (check preferred) to: Alligator Classifieds, Room 330, Reitz Union, Gainesville, Florida, 32601. Deadline -3:00 p.m. 2 days prior to starting day DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE (A). W S 0> Z M M em 8IT er 00 ". 2Z al 0. 0 '0 Con --4 M C) CLC M. m M --~ ~~ -----4 2 -7 ---0. .--l ...,0.1 5 N. L M 0 t Z -. -...---.. 

PAGE 25

The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973, Page 25 WATA S HwUI;AE INGU IiaNmfm0R .m1C -l 9 o O By SHERRY STEIN Alligator Staff Writer Know: Savant applications are now available at the third floor Student Activities Desk in the Union. Any fult-timise student with a 2.0 average who has attended UF for one academic year is eligible. Deadline is 5 p.m. April 23. Handles (bar) well: A mcetintg of the UF Cycle Club will be held tonight at 7:30 in. room 118 Union. Delilah?: A Samson recruitment meeting will be held in Carleton Auditorium Tuesday night at 7:30. Be Fair: Cami-Gras will be April 5-14 in the evening at the ROTC field. Military Quickness: Army Sweetheart Rush will be Thursday night front 7-9 in room 122 Union. Business Fog: A rush smoker for Delta Sigma Pi professional business fraternity will be held Tuesday night at 7 in room 122 Union. Open to all business majors. Here's To You: A presentation to the Business Dames by the Director of Sunland will be April 3 at 7:30 p.m. at the Perry House. All business administration wives are invited to attend. Farm Heads: An Ag Council meeting will be in room 1031 McCarty Hall April 3 at 4:30. Prints or Pauper?: An ACE Publication Sale will be held all day April 5 in Norman Hall. Sponsored by the Association for Childhood Education. Closed Bars: Project Outreach, a volunteer program to work with inmates in Alachua County Jail, will meet-April 4 at 7.30 at the Center for United Ministries. Anyone interested in working with this project is invited to attend. Cave Men: The Florida Speleological Society will meet Tuesday night at 7 in ilse Seminar Room of the Florida State Museum. Chop, Chop: A beginning class of Cuong Nhu Karate will be reld Wediesday at 5:30 at Florida Field, or the basement of Florida Gym if it rains. Open to all students and staff. Run Around: The CEH Film Series will present "Walkabout" April 3.6 at 730 and 9:30 p.m. in the Medical Science Building Auditorium. Admission is 50 cents. New Positions: An introduction to yoga will be presented at tile Center for United Ministries tonight at 7. Sponsored by the Center of Mats. Lib and Let Lib: An Action Planning Board meeting of NOW will meet Wednesday night at 5:45 at 2020 NW 32 Place. Anyone needing a ridesould meet at 5:15 at the Union Arts & Crafts Shop. Open to all members and potential members. Baby Donkeys: The Young Donkey will mect tonight at 7 in roomI 355 Union. Elections will be held. Discussion will be held oit the state and national convention and lobbying etlorts. Ex-Sea Bees Forming construction bat. in Gainesville. Earn extra money + retirement with pay. Naval Reserve 372-4838 All new and prospective members are urged to attend. Poor Baby: ZG will ttect Tuesday night at 7:30 in rstmt1 150B Union. Horse Phi: A meeting of Lambda Gamma Phi pre-veterinary club will feature guest speaker Dr. Anderson, DVM Wednesday night at 7 in room 211 M e ch anical Etgitteeriito Buildmitg. lie trip to Aubui University will be organized. Refreshments will be served. All are welcome. GSU: The Graduate Student Union will mect April 4 at 7:30 p.m. in room 349 Union. All niembers are urged to attend. Mother Nature: EAG will have an Earth Week meeting tonight from 7:30-9:30 in room 362 Union. All EAG members and any in terested persons are invited to attend. Candidate: City commission candidate Jean Chalmers will speak Tuesday night at 8 in Hune Lobby. April 4 she will be in Towers Commons at 7 and Murphree Commons at 8. * * * *4 * * * * * * IA * * * * * * * * * * * * * 74 L LL 0 SAL PER No. By CHERYL TUCKER Alligator Staff Writer Members of the local chapter of Mensa are the first to admit theiiitrganization is discriminator bit not against color, creed, or religion. The sole requirement to Joiniss that yoti score higher than 98 per cent of the population On a standard intelligence test. QUALIFYING SCORES are 475 on the 12h Grade Florida Placement Exam, 1300 on the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) or 1250 on the Graduate Record Examination (GRE), said Mensa's faculty advisor, Dr. Robert W. Davis. Davis said there are about 13,000 members oif Mesa nationwide but that as many as 4 million Americans may be qualified to join. Of the 30 local members, more than half are college students. Their majors range from English and psychology to math and physics, Davis said. Some of the occupations of non-students members are accountant, pilot, chemist, housewife, aviation expert, teacher, candlemaker and Disney World boat driver, Davis said. WHY DO people join an organization like Mensa? John Boots, an accountant from Ocala, said, "I was curious to see if I could get in." He also-cited the need to talk with other people on his intelligence level. "Half of my clients are redneck," he said. "They would rather talk about the weather and baseball. Yi cai call it snob appeal if you want, but yo just get starved for someone to talk to." BILL RUSSELL. a chemist. said, "It's nice to sxt I belong to Mens. But, he said. the organi/atin doesn't seem to have any projects. "The Shri at least put on i parade." Rtssell said. t):tvis said that while maty people Join Mensa I'm the social aspect of havingi a good time andi having imtetestitig hull Sessions" with other intelligent people, some joiit Ist Ito prove how smart they tie. THESE "EGGHEADS,as )avis calls them. are 'more iiierested iii showing their own Mental capacities than in icciimmiisunicating"' with Otihi people. Unffortunately, tie said, "Mensa draws them like flies." Being able to carry around the little yellow Mensa membership card in their wllels seems to satisfy them, Davis said. At a recent Me'nsa meeting the topic (f conversation was not complex mathematics, lievy philosophy or even current events. Mcibers discussed movies showing in Gainesville. the Academy Awards and absent members. It was not a stuffy, formal, elitist gathering -only a group i people interested in talking with other people. Anyone interested in joining Mensa can contact Dr. Robert W. Davis of the Comprehensive Physical Science Department or President Doug (oleman at 378-9566. 4K X X. This IsK 4K __ ~IT!'KK et *t*le y u c'K .L PATS a TOP OL DR 'K BOOT $10SHIRS $4to'$ MENS LOGS$4.5 LEHL USATO LASTCHANCVU'K' RMITFOR OINGOUT F BUINESKSAL 73.1Graned te 1th dy ofFeb.197 .1 MENSA for smarties only V V J6 .16 46 wm amp Fft.F Jb-AL 46 JL -16 JL A-J A. 11 A A.'% %.X I I I 

PAGE 26

Page 26, The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2,1973 Airport security measures improved A vital part of the new look at the Gainesville Municipal airport is the antihijack -,concourse which houses the federally regulated metal detection equipment used by air travelers. "It has been running very smoothly," said Airport Supervisor Gene Liddon. "No problems have yet been encountered and the way it works, there shouldn't be any." Major aircarriers are the only ones who come under the federal laws, sQ they can receive financial help to man the operation. The law states a person has to be stopped and searched. If he does not allow it, the, airline can deny a traveler passage. The Gainesville airport has set up a carefully guarded area which is available only to Gainesville airport's security shed houses metal detectors to allay future hijackers Airport expansion in view Gainesville's airport could get a major facelift if a new 20-year master plan is approved by the Gainesville City Commission. But, according to Airport Supervisor Gene Liddon, the commission doesn't even have a copy of the report yet and no firm dates or commitments have been made. "It is only a preliminary report, subject to change," said Liddon. "It needs the okay of the commission and the final decision will be theirs." Liddon said a 20-year master plan is needed to get the support from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) because they would not approve it unless a 20-year airport plan is mapped out. "The FAA, the state of Florida and the city commission will have to be involved to finalize the master plan," said Liddon. The plan was drawn up by the Atlanta consulting firm of Dixon Speas and calls for a new termidnal, new crash buildings, nore service and access roads and various other storage hangers and buildings. Liddon announced the plan at the Aviation Advisory Board meeting March 21. and said the expansion will include the airlines and their sizes. Eastern Airlines is considering expanding from a twoto a four-ticket counter. However, Eastern spokesman H.A. Diggs ul they have not finalled tdatqfor the nwve, At the present time the is wok going on at the airport wh"h includes new overlays and strengthening of t he runway, installing medium density lights on the taxi ways and new visual approach slope indicators at the runway cnds. artworkk is under a. $347,000 fund we have been working on," said Liddon. Liddon said this present work was not connected with the master plan and this was just a repair and a rebuild type of operation. "The master plan, however, is an excellent tool for the orderly growth of the airport," he said. "Expansion must be made in a step by step process and a 20-year overview is the best way.". Air passenger increase has been considerable, said Liddon, but not enough to bring in another airline. Major aircarriers need the traffic and even with the expansion Liddon doesn't see other airlines at the airport in the near future. Shawnee Airlines, a commuter aircarrier, has made an announcement to resume service to the Florida region with its short-hop passenger service. "They probably won't be coming back to Gainesville, they have not set any firm plans," said Liddon. "They have said they are beginning in south Florida during the first stage. Maybe Gainesville later on." Eastern is not worried at the moment over the expansion and the plans Shawnee Airlines has in returning to the Gainesville airport. "They probably won't affect our operation," said Diggs. "They work similar to the Florida Airlines, a small commuter airline." passengers and a "sterile" wood frame concourse has been built to house the metal detection e q u i p m e n t a n d t h e magnetometer which makes a check of a traveler. "Eastern Airlines maintains the operation," said Liddon. "They handle the security; they're the only major aircarrier here." Eastern Airline spokesman H.A. Diggs, said he was very happy with the new antihijack procedures. From Eastern's standpoint it looks very good," said Diggs. "We have had no problem to come up and it appears the whole thing is a success." However, Capt. William J. Stotts, regional manager of Florida Airlines, doesn't agree. "Commuter airlines, such as Florida, don't fall under the federal act," said Stotts. "So w are really left out in the cold." "But they're forcing us into using it because we have to rent concourse space from major ailines at most airports," added Stotts. "For instance in Tampa we have to pay Eastern a bundle to use their concourse, and so our passengers have to use the procedures." Diggs believes the new federal act may prevent future hijacks because it will make a hijacker think twice before planning something and "hopefully will bring an end to the problem," he added. Sam Tasker, supervisor for the Wackenhut Detective Agency which sets up and handles the checks for Eastern Airlines at the Gainesville airport, said the procedures are working very well. "The operation is handled by Wackenhut for Eastern," said Tasker. "I screen and help check the passengers' bags and use the magnetometer to check for metal objects." Tasker said the general public is reacting well and learning quickly, said Tasker. "Most passengers try to be very cooperative during the whole thing. It has been received very well with the travelers." PINK FLOYD D".)TV Side of the Moon SMAS-11163 $5.98 LIST NOW ONLY Available on 8 track & Cassette FO Don't miaa these other tho r t/ Pink Floyd milestones: BUDGET TAPES AND RECORDS 16 NeW. 13th Ste 376-9597 BUSH AUTO REPAIR TWO CONVENIENT lOCATIONS #21311 N.W. 5th Ave. Convenient 378-4525 Only five blocks #11011 SE. 2nd Ave. from campus. 372-0138 Quality Auto Repair at Reasonable Prices 6 mo. 6,000 mile unconditional warranty -parts & lafor WE DO NEW CAR WARRANTY SERVICE Electroffic Tune-Ups -Brake Service 4 Front End Alignment -Tire & Batteries' Auto Air Conditioning -Sales & Service Alternator & Starter Rebuilding Mumers & Exhaust Systems DIVISION OF BUSH AUTO SERVICE CENTERS, INC. L ---------------L 

PAGE 27

The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2,1973, Poa 27 Report urges growth, land use control Florida should halt its promotion of growth and adopt a state land use plan, according to a report of the Florida Defenders of the Environment conference held at the Florida State Museum over the weekend. UF professor John Kaufmann, a conference participant, said the report in its final form will state that growth in itself is not evil, but that "the current pattern of growth in Florida is bad." 1 THE REPORT recommends that Florida's state government cease advertising to attract new r e s i d e n t s to Florida. Immigration should be discouraged until they find out what areas of the state cannot stand further growth and direct growth towards those areas that can accept it,Kaufmann stated. The 60 participants, half of them from UF, concluded that growth increased the cost of living and damaged the environment, although a minority report by several economists xlate d that there are added reasons for the rapid rise in the cost of living. The report also calls for the creation of a state commission to determine the desirable limits of growth in Florida, that would lead to the development of an official growth policy in a state land use plan. Restrictions should be placed Happy birthday Happy Birthday, Wanda June, by Kurt Vonnegut Jr., will be presented in the University Auditorium Wednesday at 8:15 p.m. Reserved seats for students are $2 and nonreserved seats are $1. Reserved seats for the general public are $2.50, and nonreserved seats are $1.50. Tickets are on sale at the University Box Office (Constans Theatre). on development in certain placed on land sales to danger spots near the water and discourage land speculation, the a transitional tax should be report also concluded. UJA solicits donations for world Jewry uring the week April 9-13, all Jewish students both on and near campus either will be telephoned or solicited at their homes for a donation to the United Jewish Appeal, in an attempt to reach the goal of $3500. In addition to collecting money for the drive, the UJA will "educate Jewish students on the current situation of world Jewry," according to Jeff Dworkin, campaign chairman, "especially in Israel and the Soviet Union." THERE ARE 70 volunteers helping with the drive, who have been educated to make the Jewish student aware of anti-Semitism. Pledges made at the time of soliciations can be paid later, Dworkin explained. For anyone willing to help, or who would like more information, there will be a table set up in the Plaza April 9-13. Navy here to see students Interested in becoming .,a Naval Officer or Nayal Aiatdr? The Naval Officer Information Team will be at UF April 2-6 to interview, test, and counsel students interested in earning a commission as a Naval Officer. Programs include Officer Candidate School, training as Naval Aviators or Naval Flight Officers and specialist programs in a number of fields. BIG DADDY IS ONE OF A KIND Monday All 1 oz drinks 9-2 AM 30C Beer 4O Wednesday 25C Bottled Beer Plus Free Hot Dog Night AND SO IS HIS LAMPLIGHTER LOUNGE I Everyday No cover. Low drink prices Tuesday Super Special Night Thursday All unescorted ladies-2 free drink chips When school gets you down and you need to get away LMPIGHT R set out or. 1 NW 10 AVE. MUST BE 21 

PAGE 28

Pm 2. The Inslepeket Florida Allkaor. Monday. April 2.1973 r The Independent MONDAY Florida Alligator APRIL 2, 1973 34 records broken two tied Record setting splurge at 30th Relays By MIKE ENGLISH Alligtor Sports Writer The skies threatened to drop rain on the 30th annual Florida Relays, Friday and Saturday, but as it turned out, it wasn't the rain drops that kept falling, records kept falling. A mixed bag of 34 NCAA, Jr. College, decathlon, Relay and age-group records were broken and two were tied. UF claimed one NCAA record, when the shuttle-hurdle relay team of Hesley Bostic, Harold Smith, John Power and Roger Peterson crossed the finish line in 55.9, clipping a second off of the old time. Their respective splits for the event were: 13.9, 14.1, 13.8 and 14.1. Essex County CC, from New Jersey, set a national Jr. College record in the sprint medley relay with a 3:19.7. THE NEWLY NAMED Percy M. Beard Track was also the scene Saturday of 1973's fastest mile, a 3:58.5 effort by Leonard Hilton of the Houston Striders Track Club, going into the Relays record book. in the open class. Juris Luzins, top ranked miler from the U.S. Marines, led most of the race, but succumbed to a home stretch kick by Hilton and finished second with a 4:00.2. Still plauged by an injured leg, UF pole vaulter, Mike Cotton, gambled on just taking one jump to win the university class vault and won. Cotton passed on all heights up to 16'7Y" and made it on his only lone attempt. He passed the old Relays record set by Alabama's Olympian Jan Johnson at 16'6". UF freshman Will Freeman took the frosh-J.C. division on Friday with a 15' vault. The Florida Track Club added a few new chapters to the Relays record books. In the decathlon competition, Carl Wood set a Relays decathlon record in the 110-meter hurdles at 14.4 which got him 914 points. Tom Bolig added a 212' 11" javlin record to the books in the decathlon, for 820 points. In the open three-mile Saturday, FTC's Jeff Galloway set a new record with a time of 13:38.6. FTC COMPETITORS also reaped off a bunch of gold medals. Frank Shorter won the open six-mile in 27:54, Barry Brown took the 3000-meter steeplechase in 8:52.9, Jeff Howser did the same to the high hurdles in 13.6, Ron Purdum was first in the high jump at 6'6" and Ken Brauman took the open long jump with a 23'6" leap. PHIL BANNISTER A field of 14 in the marathon was led by Dennis Spencer of the University of Georgia who finished in 2:30:53.8. Phil Southerland of Mike Cotton FTC was second and Dave Worthen of FTC was 12th. ..setting Relays mark of 16 feet 7 inches in pole vault UF shuttle team sets national mark By PAUL SHEA Alligator Sports Writer Roger Peterson glided over the last 120-yards of hurdles for the Florida shuttle-hurdle relay team Saturday afternoon, anchoring the 55.9 run, a new national record. Hesley Bostic, who ran the first of four legs, raised his hands above his head and danced around the track. He was joined by Harole Smith who ran the second leg and then John Power who ran before Peterson. THEN CAME THEIR coach, Jeff Howser. Before joining the group for the post-race celebration, Peterson stood by the finish line grinning. Then he joined the other four who were being congratulated by UF Track Coach Jimmy Carnes. Slowly, between hand-shaking and autograph signing, they made their way to the awards table to pick up the winner's watches. Peterson, a senior from Coral Gables, Fla., had been in the national limelight before. It was good to get back. M w 9 a-W., ni, Nipped at the tape Peterson wins in record time over Penn's Bruce Collins As a. tenth grader in 1966, Peterson held the national record in the 120-high hurdles. With a 14.1 timing, he was one of the nation's premier young hurdlers. HAMSTRING PULLS killed his chances for any better times in high school. He made it to the state meet his junior year but could not run in the high hurdles. Still, he got a track scholarship to FSU, but in his freshman year he "didn't do much." As a sophomore he qualified for the indoor nationals but reached only the quarterfinals. He did however, beat all the good hurdlers in Florida and was the mythical state champion. But he ws far from national prominence. The highlight of his days at FSU was at the USTFF Indoor Championships in the Astrodome where he finished seventh Peterson left FSU and went back to Miami -which had no track team -and gave up track all-together. "I was fed up with track," he says. "I'd=been running since the seventh grade and I wasn't getting any satisfaction out of running. I wasn't motivated at FSU." HE CAME TO UF last year, sat out the season (transfer ineligibilityl, and started over again this year. He's running better than ever. "The program is so good here it fired me up to run again," said Peterson. At'the SEC Indoor Championships this year, Peterson ran a 7.2 in the 60yard. high hurdles, the best he's ever done. The 55.9 tht team ran Saturday shattered the national record that was held by tht University of Michigan. It was a 56.7. They all feel Saturday's time can be bettered and they want the world record which is now 55.4, done by the California Striders. ."I KNOW I CAN get my time down," Peterson said. "It's just a matter of getting all four guys to run a good race together." The tiimne might have been slower than possible because Power had run twice before on Saturday and Bostic once. Peterson credits the success of the hurdle shuttle relay team to Howser, who coaches the hurdlers and sprinters for the Gator team. "He's the best I've ever worked under," Peterson says. "There is no one who even comes close to him. He works out with us and gives us a lot of motivation.' In September, Peterson has another kind of hurdle to jump -he's getting married. Whether track will fit into his life or not he doesn't know. "It's hard to run on a track club and work too," he said. Jeff Howser .team coach O oly %.wV vvolw O U w -6 oA, fr I 

PAGE 29

By BARRY VORSE Alligator Sports Editor The 30th Florida Relays saw 30 records broken and more than 3,000 athletes compete, but this was not the reason meet director Jimmy Carmes termed the relays "a fantastic success." "Most important was the enthusiasm of the spectators," said Carnes Sunday as he reflected on the meet. "The students were really interested and this is important. For the first time, we had a complete sellout and had standing-roomonly. OF COURSE most pleasing to us personally was the performance of our hurdlers in the shuttle hurdle relay (a new NCAA record of 55.9). This has to be the best performance ever by a Florida team in relays." Cares heaped praise upon the hurdle relay team of Roger Peterson, John Power, Harold Smith, and Hesley Bostic, but most went to their coach, former Duke star and winner of this year's open hurdle event Jeff Howser. "Jeff has done a tremendous job. We've been waiting for our crack at the record and we made the most of it BREAKING a school record for Florida was the mile-relay foursome of Doug Musgrove, George Bridges, Bemie Gibson, and Beaufort Brown. They were timed in 3:09.7, besting the old mark by nearly three seconds, but finished third overall. Cares cited Bridges for his efforts on three relay teams Saturday. Besides running a 47.0 split in the mile relay, he ran an outstanding three-quarter time of 2:59 in the distance medley event and a 1:54 half in the two-mile. The Florida Track Club may get three outstanding runners who participated in the relays. Leonard Hilton ran the first sub-four minute mile in the Deep South. Finishing second and third in the event were Juris Luzens and Byron *Dyce. The three may join FTC if they can establish roots in Gainesville. DYCE is now interviewing for an assistantship at UF, while Luzens' wife needs a teaching job before he can settle in the area. Carmes wasn't sure of Hilton's plans, but does know he hopes to move here. "The community needs to assist us in this situation," said Cares. "If the community helps and makes these people welcome, we'll get more outstanding individuals here." Many of the 30 records broken were high school. To Cares this is an indication of improvement of track in the South. One result of the relays may be a new event at the Florida Invitation Track Meet, April 14. Cares noted that the current shuttle hurdle relay record is held by the California Striders, a club which would obviously I have an advantage over a school team because any four good hurdlers can get together and run. "We just may go for the world record at the Florida Invitational with our team and the Florida Track Club," said Carnes. "We could get Jeff Howser, and Carl Wood, Don Usse y and somebody else and we could really break it good. It 's something I'll be thinking about." George Bridges Tom Boig praised by Carnes .FTC member won decathlon javelin GREAT LEATHERSAND PRICES BEAUTIFULLY HAND F:Tt, ATHER GOODS 4TH AVENUE -OFF 13TH STREET -BEHIND "SOUND CITY'' Carnes: fan response made Relays best ever 1970 CADILLAC ievetwood Brougham 4 door sedan, white vinyl over turquoise with white leather interior AM-FM stereo tape player, climate cn trvi. k0-40 split front seats avo navy other Cadillac luxury accessories. Was $4295 .4.1. .$4 95 1970 OLDSMOBILE i oronado, 2 door hardtop, brown vinyl over gold with gold vinyl, radio, heater, air conditioning, power steering, power brakes, electric seats and windows, power door $3295 ..93195 1970 OLDSMOBILE Vista Cruiser station wagon, 3 seats, white over blue with blue vinyl interior, radio, heater, air conditioning, tape player, power brakes and steering. 2 TO CHOOSE 52595 1969 OLDSMOBILE 4 door, black vinyl over yellow, AM-FM Stereo, tilt & telescope steering wheel, power door lock and loaded with accessories. Was $2195 -.*1995 68 FORD FALCON Futura Sta. W ag., blue w/matching interior, R&H, auto transmission, good transportation. 196 OLDSMOBILE 9, 2 door hardtop coupe, black vinyl over green with black fabric, radio, heater, air conditioning, power steering and brakes, electric windows and seats, thoroughly reconditioned. $ 395 1971 010M69 L/S, 4 door sedan, white vinyl over blue w-blue fabric interior, air conditioned, power door locks, tilt wheel & other extras. Very sharp. Was$409. .. 1971 PONTIAC Lemans, 2 door hardtop, brown vinyl over gold with beige vinyl interior, radio, heater, air conditioning, power steering and brakes, automatic transmission, with floor shift. Was $2, 795.2695 1969 CADILLAC Couple de Ville, 2 door hardtop, dark green vinyl over light green, air conditioned, power steering, power brakes, tape player, AM-FM radio, power windows and seats and much morel Was $3195 .82 0 1967 OLDS CUTLASS sla. wag., white w/black vinyl interior R&H, AC, PS, PB. $,95 70 DODGE CHARGER 500, 2dr ht, black vinyl over green, V .auto transmissov, air, book price $1,950, good buy. $1595 71 MERCURY C)UGAR 2dr ht, white vinyl over coral, AM-FM stereo, AC, PS, PDB, steel belted radials -extra clean. Was$3295.92995 196 CUTLAM 2 dr nt, bone w/white vinyl interior, PS, AC, R&H, good transportation. Was $1995.17 196 BUICK Electra 225, 4 door hardtop, black vinyl over dark gold, loaded, drive to appreciate this local one owner. Was $2495. 19 CADILLAC Eldorado, 2 door hardtop, white vinyl over green with white leather interior, loaded with extra equipment and featuring front wheel drive. 3 in stock from Was $3595.'3295 196 CADILLAC Sedan de Ville, 4 door hardtop, beige vinyl over light green, air conditioned, power steering, power brakes, tape player, power door locks, air conditioned, looks and runs good! Was $2795. 5 1969 CADILLAC Limousine, Sedan Jump seats for two passengers, black with tray fabric, AM radio, power door locks, automatic dimming, cruise control, radial tires. Was $4595.'4295 1970 CADILLAC CE de Ville 2 door, black vinyl over white, AM-FM stereo radio, climate control, cruise control, power door locks and loaded with other equipment. Was $4295 .---.53995 1972 OLDSMOBILE Delta 8$ 4 door sedan, White with blue fabric interior radio & heater, air conditioning. P.S., P.B. remote t r unk release thoroughly reconditioned. Was$3595 1969 OLDS Delta 88, 4 door sedan, silver with black vinyl interior, air conditioned, power steering, power brakes, radio and heater. Was1205 X-Clean .I It-0 I,, The independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2.1973, Page 29 OVERSTOCKED ALL CARS MUST GO PRICES GOOD THRU APRIL 1 72 CADILLAC 1972 OLD 98 L/S, 4 door sedan, white vinyl over blue in-blue fabric Interior, air conditioned. power door locks, tilt wheei & Sed devVilie, 4 door hardtop, other evtras. Very sharp. hove vivyl over blue w/bluv Was $4695 leather interior, AM-FM stereo, air covditiovivt. Power door lock, 1971 OLDS Torovado 2 door climate covvro, loaded with hardtop, front wheel drive, white equipment, vinyl over bamboo, LOADED, S extra clean and you must see to $6295 appreciatethis beauty! Was.$449s9.4115 1971 OLDS Holiday, 4 door 1972 CADILLAC Ssedan, beige vinyl over green with 19n ADILAC Sdan e Vile treen interior, air conditioned, 4 door sedan, SUN ROOF, brown power steering, power brakes, vinyl over gold with saddle tan electric windows, electric seats, Interior, AM-FM stereo, air power door locks, vinyl over conditioned, power door :ocks, black. cruise control and many other Was $3595 ......$3295 extras. 4 other '72 Caditiacs In stock. 196 VW BUS red w/sun roof, Was8699.-%Beige 7 passengers. *1695 1971 CADILLAC Sedan de Ville, 1971 OPEL Station wagon, light Brown vinyl over dark gold with blue with beige vinyl interior, gold fabric Interior, AMA-FMradio, radio, heater, air conditioning, 4 electric windows and seats, power speed floor shift. Extra sharp. brakes, steering and vinyl roof. Low Mileage. $4995 was $95 1.-.8 790 73 OLDS CUTLASS 4dr. 1971 CADILLAC Sedan de Ville, townsed. Gold w/match interior, black vinyl over gold with gold R&H, AC, PS, PB .. fabric Interior, power door ocks, 40 95 AM-FM stereo, tltf and telescoping steering and many 67 PONTIAC MAND PRIX 2dr more features. HT, Black vinyl over gold R&H Was$5195 ...4995 AC,PS,PB. 9 3 1972 CADILLAC Fleetwood Brougham 4 door sedan. Beige vinyl over Russet (Gold) with Beige Medici (Crushed Velvet) upholstery. AM/FM stereo tape player, cruise control, tilt telescopic steering wheel, auto dimming and light sentinel and lots of other extra equipment. $7495 

PAGE 30

Page 30, The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2, 1973 Relays aftermath: morieslitter At nine Saturday night, the only remaining sign of the 30th Florida Relays, was a banner across the northeast corner of Beard Track and the odor left by nervous athletes that had seeped from the restroom under the grandstands for two days. Two girls were running slowly around the track. "Come on," one said to the other, who had dropped behind. "This is good for us." HOURS EARLIER, some of the best track talent in the country had been running for a different reason. For them, the goal was to set records, and set them they did. Despite the lack of "big names" that ran in the 29th version of the Relays, this weekend's circus was the most productive ever. Some of the "names" here like FAMU's Rey Robinson were left behind. Memphis State took the 440 and 880 relays, leaving last year's king, North Carolina Central and strong UF teams at the finish line. THE RELAYS WERE kept alive by "small people" like Memphis State. And Steve PAUL SHEA P A ligator Sports Writer Barras, a seven-year-old miler who won his age group with a 6:27 clocking but won the crowd the way he did it. Refusing to be passed by a girl in an older bracket (two groups ran at the same time), Barras put on timely spurts to pull into the lead each time the girl got close. Finally, on the last lap, he lost the lead he held throughout the race but still got a standing ovation at the finish line. The Florida shuttle-hurdle relay team, who had never run in competition before, suddenly holds the national record, and are talking like the world mark will be their's too. Ed Hammond of Memphis anchored the 440 and 880 relays and won the university 100-dash to win the Kearney-Rayburn Trophy as the weekend's outstanding athlete. LEONARD HILTON, running for the Houston Striders defeated Juris Luzins of the Marines an4 Byron Dyce with a 3:58.5 open mile. UF I ootball tackle Mike Stanfield placed second in the discus. Barry Brown of the Florida Track Club burned the steeplechase in 8:52.9, far ahead of his nearest competitor. It was a happy time for Jimmy Carnes when the Relays were finally over. Again they were a success and again records had been set. He did it this year without Jim Ryun or Bill Toomey, but instead with 16 Olympians and some others who are dreaming of the Olympics some day. HERBERT WILLS is only 12-years old but he thinks about the Olympic games a lot. He ran a 5:01.8 mile Saturday, destroying his old record set last year at the Relays. He's been runningeveryday for about four years. "I do about ten miles a day," Ruggers swamp Mass. The Florida Rugby Club clobbered Massachusetts FLORIDA controlled the game from the outset. 11-0 Thursday afternoon on Norman Field. An experienced forward pack dominated play and Highlighting the Florida scoring was a goal by kept the backfield in almost constant possession of fullback Howard Robinson who had taken a pass the ball. from Roy Brewer who had made an interception at the Florida 30. The backfield performed with precision, covering Florida made the score 7-0 when Bill Johnstone each other well and passing accurately. successfully converted the try. On the following Massachusetts' speed was checked by deadly kick-off, forward Buck Curtin booted the ball to the tackling, especially from Gene Jane and Jim MWss. 30. Back John Young caught up with the ball Loutzenheiser. Robinson also personally prevented and dashed into the touch zone. at least one goal by himself. The deadline for women's dorm bowling is April 5. There are four people to a team. The deadline for sorority softball is April 5 and Novelty day is April 10. The deadline for women's independent racketball is April 9 and don't forget, you need 4 to a team. The deadline for student wives' racketball is also April 9 and for this you need 2 to a team. The deadline for co-rec softball is April 16 and a team is made up of 4 men and 4 women. TlV deadline for the all university co-rec tennis tournament is April 12. No varsity tennis players are allowed to play in this. Join the IM jogging, cycling, and swimming clubs to earn awards. Call the IM office for further information of this club. There will be a dormitory (men's) championship meeting today 4f 7:30-in room 229 Florida~ The fralerstty era lorgolf and tennis will, be made on April 4 at 4 p.m. in room 229 Florida Gym. We ned otcais for softball. I~'tfo~at~reu get paid to te. th office _81 by room 229 erida Cin if you're I1~SOtd said Wills, smiling through a mouth full of braces. "I get up at 6:30 and run -go to school -and then run in the afternoon." While his classmates in Tallahassee play football and baseball together, Wills runs alone. "I'm not too good at anything else, he says. "My friends are all surprised when I win races." He says he wants to compete in the Olympics and set the world record in the mile someday. But he agrees with Carnes and other track people who see the records falling more and more. "Ryun set 'a pretty tough mile," said Wills, "but it will probably be broken before I get there." Gary Koch's 277 pa ces UF g offers After four rounds of golf at the Cape Coral Invitational, UF's Gary Koch had a score of 277, beating out the old match record of 279. It was typical of how his team was doing. The UF golf team won the match, by 22 strokes, with a composite effort of 1,138. FSU was second with 1,161, then Indiana with 1,161, Miami with 1,179. SKochposted rounds of 68, 69, 68 and 72 to lead the Gator golfers. FSU's Rky Impaglia had the second scoring spot and Miami's Wayne Hufflines was third. Woody Blackburn and Andy Bean, both posted four day totals of 290 for the Gators. Ben Duncan posted a 291, Kevin Morris had a 292 and Kip Minter shot a 299. TUNE-UP. GO MILEX! ELECTRONIC ENGINE G UA RANTEED IN WRITING ALSO SPEC I ALIZING IN AIR CONDITIONER, CARBURETOR, IGNITION, ELECTRIC SERVICE, BRAKE SERVICE 1952 North Main St. 372-5247 Hours: Mon.-Sat. A Ms yPM We Honor Mostor Chwre. & DenkAmericard Fr e hg Amlysis Daily 8 AM-9'AM 10% STUDENT DISCOUNT on Imported Car Parts IN STOCK NOW -PARTS FOR ALL MAKES & MODELS including V.W., MGB & Sprite IMPORTED PARTS 1012 S. MAIN ST. 372-4341 Village Green Apartments 3101 N.E. 15h STREET e GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA 32601 FHA 236 Government Subsidy Apartments Availlable -to Qualified Married Couples & 'Families -I1,2, and 3 Bedroom Apis From $120.00 a month to $149.00 a month Includes al jufIlities ,unfurniwi wa o carpeting, central air conditioning & heat, kitchen equipped Please apply in person to Gail Roberts I 

PAGE 31

Percy Beard (left) ,day declared in his honor by city councilman Courtland Collier Florida athletic director Ray Graves recognized the special guests present and introduced University President Stephen C. O'Connell, who served as master of ceremonies for the occasion. THE PRESIDENT lauded Coach Beard for his fine service to the University and for his many accomplishments while head coach of the Gators. Beard served in this capacity from 1936 until 1963. He was founder of the Florida Relays in 1939, a carnival of events which has grown to become the Corporation, was introduced by President O'Connell. McGahee was a member of the first Beard-coached team and served as team captain of the 1939 team. He praised Beard for his quiet but effectual coaching and said Beard was loved by his teammates and "he has made his mark on thousands of athletes." COURTLAND COLLIER, Gainesville City Commissioner, who served as the mayor's representative, issued a proclamation which set aside Saturday, March 31 as "Percy M. Beard Day" in the city of Gainesville. Gators meet Wake Forest The UF men's tennis team is hoping for a large crowd today for their match against Wake Forest. Just 10 days ago, the North Carolinians edged the Gators 54 before more than 4,000 home town fans. The Gators are hoping their 7-2 victory over Georgia Tech Saturday is an indication they are ready to beat Forest. Saturday's results: SINGLS: Grey Kine (F) do. Bill Cantrel=64, 26, 6-3. Juan Daz (F) dea. Carter LeCraw, 6.2,6-3. Ray Hldemna (F) clo. Buzzy Wilett, 7-5, 6-3. Jim Oecher (F) def. John Calin, 5-7, 6-2 6-4. Mike Boling (F) dof. Steve Burdick 6-. -. Dave Presly (F) def. Dick Hodnett, 6-3s 6-. DOUBLES: Prssly, Diaz (F) def. Cantrel' Burdick, 66-1. Caloi, LaCraw (G) do. Hidama, esher, 4-6. 7-6, 7-5. Wilet, Hodnt (G) do.:Boing,-ing NoblesH-, 6-3. UF women beat USF UF's women's tennis team beat the visiting University of South Florida 6-2 on the UF courts Saturday. Now 4-2, the girls travel to Miami Thursday for the state tourney. Saturday's results: SINGLES: Gene Shapiro (UF) deo. Gale O'Connor, 6-3, 6-4. Trry Sherlock (USF) def. Kay .Rdd, 66-1 Lynn Nelson (VF) do. Rubin Edenbaumk 6-. 7-5. Nancy Rampll (UF) def. Frankie Wilson, 6-3, 6-4. Susan Hal (UF) do. Judy Brooks, 6-. 60. Carmen Garcia-Benocha (OF) won by datult. DOUSLEs: Shapiro, Reed (UF) def. Brooks, O'Connor, 6-4, 6-4. E-denbaun% Sherlock (SF do. Rampli, Garcia-Bengochea, 63, 5-7. 6-3. Gator girl sprints place A strong UF women's sprint squad gathered places for the Gator, Womnens squad at the Memphis State Invitatonals this weekend. Carol Gauss dashed to a second place finish in the 100-yard dash with a time of 11.9 Lesley Smith placed fifth in the 100 with a 12.1 and placed fourth in the 220-yard dash with a 29.3 clocking. In the quarter, Krisi Stovall "was second with a 65.2 and Kate Patls wssixth with a 72. Lifesaver*Steel Radials are built to last with BFG's exclusive CUSHIONED STEEL' CONSTRUCTION. Steel for strength and impact-resistance. Cushioned between double layers of Dynacor' rayon cord for a luxurious ride. PRICES S1A1 AS LOW AS45 40,000 MILE GUARANTEE in normal driving, you'll get at least 40,(5 mi es of tread wear from the Lifesaver" Radial Steel R/s on your car. If you don't get 40,000 miles, take the guarantee back to your BFG retailer. He'll allow you credit for the difference toward the going trade-in price of new ones And add a somiall service charge. DRIVE IN TODAY! A1TENTDON OMNMS OF VEGAS -PINTOS COLTS GREMLINS CAPRIS CRICKETS .WE HAVE RADIALS TOHT YOURCAR! LifesaverRadial T/A AL Wide 60-seres tread Reoed whitletters LAt0E01 SIZES AVAtASLE TO FIT MOST CARS N Ch, Cht Rodriqez P01POLMETER Goli' love PA f CORD TIRES! -aGl oe CUSTOM LONG MnA retail alue EM514 CM1-4 B7M14 Uahonlt E-434A14 $ 1aa:22While Stocks Last! ALL SIZES SLE PCEDI esrroALus D' $WAYVI I TO CHARGE (BUDGET TERMS ) ANK MASTER pIE SQW the N Goorih birp at th [ JacksovlAirECShow Apri2 4 N Tll. AR a w The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2,1973, Page 31 UF track renamed for retiring Percy Beard The Florida Track and Field became Percy M. second largest relays in the country. During his Beard Field Saturday in a naming ceremony held tenure, he led the Gators to two SEC near the conclusion of the 30th Annual Florida Championsups. Relays. Ben McGahee, president of the Carolandc o 

PAGE 32

Page 32, The Independent Florida Alligator, Monday, April 2,1973 Superb pitching wins 2 for Gators By LEE M. TOBIN AlllgasorSport WrIter Backed by the superb pitching of Mike Newman and Doug Corbett, the relief of John Reich, and some excellent defensive play, the Florida Gators swept a two-game SEC series from the Auburn Tigers Friday and Saturday 1-0 and 2-. The Tigers got six hits in the 18 innings this weekend, with Newman giving up only one in Saturday's contest. That will e a pitch Newman will not forget for a long time. It wasone out in the top of the ninth and Newman was working on his second no-hitter of the season, when Auburn Coach Paul Nix sent David Duffner to pinch hit for leftfielder Curt Cope. After working the count to 2-2 on Duffner, Newman threw a change up. "But it got too high," said the stocky right hander from Atlanta. "When he hit it, I knew he hit it hard,tbutdI thought it was going to die. It was just floating." It came to a resting place over the left field fence for Auburn's lone run. Newmanoquickly retired the last Auburn batter to up his record to 4-2 forthe season. The Gators scored their first run Saturday when Bob Carpenter, batting leader for the day going three-for four, hit a single to right field. He went to second on a fielder's choice, and then scored when catcher John Fuller hit a long double off the left field fence. Newman then provided the Gators with the second run, when he showed his power by blasting a homerur 380 feet over the left field fence. Carpenter scored the only run in Friday's game as he reached on an error, was sacrificed to second by Bill Finney, and then was singled home by Tom Dulaney. Doug Corbett, who started Friday's game, was working well until the eighth inning, when he walked the first batter. Corbett now 3-1, felt that his arm was tiring and asked Coach Dave Fuller to take him out. Fuller replaced Corbett with Reich, gave up one hit in the two innings, and made a stop on a line drive and started a double play that was to quickly vanish all hopes Auburn had. "These were big ball games for us," said Fuller. "Particularly after losing the two to Kentucky, they were really big. -IM wm ner no-hitter "We won two one-run games up only one walk the 18 innings The Gators, now 5-2 in SEC Tuesday, and will return home by playing well all over. We gave and played good defense." play, will travel to Jacksonville Wednesday to face JU at 3:00. SAVES YOU UP TO 50% EVERY DAY RECORDS CARDS SUNDRIES-HOUSEWARES 1227 W. UNIV. HEALTH & BEAUTY AIDS -COSMETICS FILM PROCESSING -_SCHOOL SUPPLIES CREST Soz. fi VALUE -T PEARL tooth polish $1.59 VALUE DROPS 990 TAME BALSAM Trial Size 19 SUPER GIANT SIZF SCOPE 24 oz. $2.05 VALUE 9 9 m CLAIROL Long & Silky SUPER SIZE $3.29 VALUE Save $1.30 U CLAIROL HERBAL ESSENCE CeeRinse $1.29 VALUE m miss NE BRECK SUPER BALSAM VALUE REDKEN AMINO-PON 8 oz. Shampoo $2.00 VALUE $1*3. REDKEN REDKEN P.P.T. Climatress Conditioner 1.5 OZ. Tube Small Size $2.00 $1.50 9 9 VALUE VALUE $4.00 VALUE REDKEN EXTREME Protein Pack E $2.19 GALLONS of BRECK Shampoo or Creme Rinse $15.00 59 VALUE$59 SAVE 50% ON KODACOLOR FILM PROCESSING COLOR PRINTS 30 cent -4 -A VALUE 1 EA. 12 EXPOSURE ROLL OR CARTRIDGE DEVELOPED & PFUNTED AT REBEL 4.75 VALUE $2.75 AOVIE & SLIDE PROCESSING 20 exP.$135 Kodolor Instamatic 12 EXPOSURES EVERYDAY 9.9~ RECORDS ALL $5.98 VALUES $3 88 Don't buy records anywhere until you check RE BEL DISCOUNT'S prices TCz1 7" to "5 z S. ~FL GS NN UNIV. AVE. REBEL DISCOUNT Specials good thru Friday-Quantity rights reserved OPEN LATE 7 SPECLS OOD 1227 W. UNIV. AVE THRU FRIDAY FUAE DAYS A WEEK ACROS 743 IN IMFM IRREW-=r m i I 0 
