
PAGE 1

DIANA ROSS & THrSUPREMES Making an appearance at the UF tonight under Student Government sponsorship, Diana Ross & the Supremes expect a fufl crowd. If you plan to be part of that crowd, there are still several hundred tickets at $3, $5 and $6 which will be on sale to students and the general public beginning at 9 a.m. at the Stadium ticket window, gate 13. By NEAL SANDERS Alligator Staff Writer All that now stands between a pair of campus swimming pools and their September opening date is a decision by Florida Attorney General Earl Faircloth. But one probably won't be coming soon. Plans for the pools, presented to the Board of Regents for approval in March by UF President Stephen C. O'Connell were cleared for construction.However, within a few days, legal snags made the pools' future doubtful. The issue was whether $150,000 could be spent to build the pools without legislative approval. Seeking a solution to the problem, Vice-President for Legality Of Parking Fees For UF Still Undetermined By DON YOKEL Alligator Staff Writer The legality of the University Senate and Board of Regents approved parking plan at UF scheduled for Sept. 1, is still debatable. Attorney General Earl Faircloth has taken almost two months to answer a question raised by a Gainesville attorney inquiring into the legality of the plan. Richard T. Jones, legal council for an undetermined number of UF Physical Plant Division employes Tuesday said he is still waiting for the attorney general to give him some indication of why he thinks the plan is legal. A question of the legality of charging employes to go to work may be raised by Jones if he can determine which is cheaper for his clients; paying the parking fee or paying a legal fee to fight paying the fee. Another letter is being mailed to the state legal offices by Jones in another attempt to IButler Wins' Neil Butler, Gainesville businessman and a UFz graduate, captured the run-off election for City Commissioner Tuesday. Butler, a Negro, received 4,750 votes and W.W. (Windy) Wilkerson, a local barber, received 3,780 votes in the hotly contested campaign. The returns are final with '68 abOntee ballots left to be counted. .--0--get a reply on the questions posed by the attorney. Jones said he is also writing to the Board of Regents asking for their opinion on the matter. The Regents wouldn't have approved the plan unless they thought it was legal, he said. Employes at UF earning less than $4,500 a year will be required to pay $5 with a fee of $10 for employes making more than $4,500 and students parking in peripheral parking lots. Faculty using on campus parking space willbe required to pay a fee of $15. Willaim E. Elmore, vice president for business affairs at UF, Tuesday said the plan is moving on schedule and should be ready by Sept. Business Affairs William Elmore consulted University Chancellor Robert Mautz about a possible legal route around legislative approval. Mautz responded by writing to the attorney general's office, citing specific Florida statutes which would enable the Board of Regents to approve the project. Faircloth's opinion, if in favor of the university, would clear the way for architectural plans to get under way. Faircloth has not yet released an opinion, though. At present, only preliminary studies have been made on the popls. But tentative sites have been selected and cost estimates made so that money could be allocated. One pool will serve the west campus dormitory areas.eThe other will be located between Broward and Yulee areas. According to Elmore and Mautz, money for the pools will come out of campus improvement funds. These funds are provided out of dormitory rent receipts from students. No appropriations are necessary. If the matter goea before the legislature in the form of a bill to release the funds, the matter could stretch wel into the summer, while the bill sits in committee. A call to Faircloth's office Tuesday revealed that probably nothing will be done in the near future. Faircloth could not be reached for comment, but an assistant, Richard B. Knight, said that requests for opinions are in a considerable logiam. EARL FAIRCLOTH ...rules the pools "We receive over 300 requests -per week for opinions," Knight said. "Dr. Mautz' request will be handled by normal channels.". "Normal channels" for the attorney general's office means that the letter has been given to a committee for research. "There are five divisions in this office," he said, "one of which is concerned with education. The attorney general approves all decisions before they leave this office, but the leg work is being done by researchers." Mike Davidson, Secretary for Recreational Activities, said that once the legal barriers are cleared, the pools can be open within six months. "I've been quoted a 90 day construction period," Davidson said. "That would give the university all this quarter and well into the summer to work on the plans and let out contracts," he said. (SEE 'POOLS', PAGE 2) John Mica Seeking Presidency UnderISSUE Party Banner John Mica, a 26-year-old graduate student in education, officially announced Tuesday his candidacy for the student body presidency under the banner of the newly formed Issue party. Mica's running mate is Steve Hull, former Alligator editor and one of the founders of the now-dufunct New Movement party. Issue stands for Independent Students Seeking United-responsible Efforts in SG. Mica said his campaign would be centered around more student participation in university committees, a thorough restructuring of "SG, i ndig iminationvof wht he ter#d t6 He system" and putting student funds to "better use" -and academic changes. "We're for constructively changing SG, he said. "We'd like to see SG getting more involved in social probelms and projects such as Samson. "Students want to deal with real issues," Mica added,"and not play political gamess" Mica said lse would seek "putting students in positions of power." "Revisions of regulations should be done by the students," he said. (SEE 'MICA', PAGE 2) CLASSY CLASSROOMS Suzy Adkins, 2UC, wasn't too impressed with the condition of her classroom in Building OE, despite its excellent ventilation in time for the UF's sunny season. The very, very old and dilapidated frame bbiIdings are being torn down to make way for a pedestrian mall. JOHN MICA an ISSUE candidate I The Americ's A No. One PRESS Florida Allig actor Coege Pace-Maker Daily All-American Vol. 61, No. 106 University of Florida, Gainesville Wednesday, April 2, 1969 ALREADY REGENTS-APPROVED Future Of Dorm Pools Depends On Faircloth 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 2, 1969 Debate Team To National Invite Tourney After winning first place in record in the elimination speaker. They def the district six elimination tournament held during finals University of Kentuc debate tournament, the UF, week when they received more University, Emory debate team has been invited to ballots than any team has ever the University of participate in the National received in district six. Memphis State Uni Invitational Debate Tournament The top four teams from each the University c this month. of the eight debate districts in Carolina. UF debaters Gregg Mathews the United States will participate To determine th and Ralph Glatfelter broke a in the national tournament, to champion debate tear FEC To O pen be held at Northern Illinois be eight prelimina University April 14-17. rounds, and the top Registration for the spring Also going to the national from these rou quarter for Florida Experimentai tournament from district six are: participate in four College will open Thursday in the University of Miami, the rounds. room 122-3 at 7:30 p.m. in the University of Georgia and "Resolved: that Reitz Union. Emory University. control of United Sta Thirty-two courses are offered At the eliminations policy should be s: ranging from sex, urban tournament, Mathews was the curtailed" is the sub problems, and literature to the top individual speaker and will be debated fraternity system, guitar, and Glatfelter was seventh place tournament. racial attitudes. UF College Of Medicine d eated the ky, Auburn University, Georgia, versity and of North ie nation's m there will ry debate 16 teams nds will elimination executive rates foreign ignificantly ject which at the Re Cieves $126,750 Grant UF's College of Medicine has received a two year supporting grant totaling $126,750 from the Commonwealth Fund of New York. The funds are being directed to assist a new unit in the office of the Dean with three broad concerns: 0 strengthening premedical counseling 9 drawing together the educational programs of the College of Medicine with the other colleges at UF 9 a i d i n g i n t h e implementation and evaluation of new medical curricula. The Commonwealth Fund helped establish UF's College of Medicine 17 years ago. The planning and evaluation unit of the UF College of Medicine has been established under the direction of Dr. Paul R. Elliott, who holds appointments on the preprofessional counseling staff Mica LPesISSUE F RON PAGE ONE "Students should be able to recognize their own organizations ana control their own affairs." The candidate said he would favor placing students as full members of the University Senate, tenure committee and a revamping of the Code of Student Conduct by an all-student Student Conduct Committee. Mica said he would oppose the continued use of student activities funds for campus improvements programs. A former secretary of academic affairs and secretary of public functions, Mica has directed the teacher evaluation program and served as an Honor Court justice. He is a former president of Delta Chi fraternity and a member of the Interfraternity Council President's Council as well as of the Order of Omega. Mica is also a member of Blue Key, leadership honorary fraternity. He said of his running mate: "Hull is a proven leader. This was clearly demonstrated under his editorship of the Alligator, during which thc paper won for the first time the Pacemaker award as the best student daily in the country." "His association and development of New Movement party has shown that he is one of the few individuals on campus that has political courage and integrity," Mica added. Hull,22, is a business major from St. Petersburg. He has been a secretary of Blue Key and was an unsuccessful candidate for the Program Council presidency last fall under the New Movement party banner. He's been named to Who's Who in American Colleges and Universities and to the UF Hall of Fame, -ind is Managing Editor of the University Report. Mica said his party is to qualify a full slate of candidates today for the five offices to be contested April 24. THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the University of Florida and is published five times weekly except during June, July and August when it is published semi-weekly. and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida Alligator, Reitz Union Building. University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32601. The Alligator is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida 32601. Subscription rate is $10.00 per ypar or $3.50 per quarter. The Florida Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone off a dv aertfivon. dr-pc.n tsid.inei objectionable. The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustmnents of payment for any advertisement involving typographical errors or erroneous insertion unless notice is given to the Advertising Manager within (1) one day after the advertisement appears. The Florida Alligator will not be responsible for more than one incorrect insertion of an advertisement scheduled to run several times. Notices for correction must be given before next insertion. and the faculty of the College of Arts and Sciences, as well as serving as Assistant Dean for Preprofessional Education and member of the Admissions Committee of the College of Medicine. Through this new unit, Dr. Elliott will serve as the principal link between the medical school and the undergraduates to ensure that prospective medical students are adequately and properly counseled. In addition, he will maintain liaison with counseling staffs at other universities and colleges from which the medical college attracts students. Dr. Elliott's unit will also serve as the focus of a campus-wide endeavor to formulate more closely integrated programs of undergraduate studies and medical education. An operational planning group of UF faculty, chaired by Dr. Elliott, has already played an important role in helping the medical faculty to plan and develop a new me dical curriculum which may be implemented as early as the fall of this year. School Workers About 5.6 million full and part time workers are employed in American schools. .A pril6Crnommittee .Sets Easter March UF war protesters have a new angle. They are voicing support for GI's, along with the conventional criticism of U.S. foreign policy. Frats Set Up Ghetto Cleanup By CHRIS SCHAUSEIL Alligator Staff Writer More than 200 fraternity men will canvass Gainesville ghettoes Saturday collecting trash and discarded objects such as "old refrigerators" which are a hazard to children who may lock themselves inside. The project is being promoted by the Public Relations Student Society of America (PRSSA) for Beautification Week in Gainesville. "Our purpose is to improve campus community relations" James Dicks, PRSSA spokesman said. Beautification is more than planting flowers and trees, it's a "way of life" involving sociological studies on man's relation to his environment, he said.c' The PRSSA is working in conjunction with the Gainesville Beautification Board. It is -emphasizing a beautification week because the PRSSA is "sick and tired of 1 per cent (of campus students) giving us a bad image with their negativism and destructivism." Ninety-nine per cent of college students are not satisfied with the world, but they are trying to change things in a peaceful manner, he said. Fraternities will also build two "tot lots" (small playgrounds) in the city Saturday, and sororities will pick up trash off some of the roadsides. Book Exchange Open This Week The Student Government book exchange will be selling textbooks for the rest of this week. The exchange will be open from 2-5 p.m. on the Reitz Union colonnade, but no more books will be purchased. CHICKEN 3 pieces chicken french fries huosh puppies, cole slow FREE DELIVERY DIAL 1020 W. UNIV. P R m-B The April 6 Committee has planned a peace march for Sunday that will protest the Vietnamese war, support civil rights for servicemen who oppose the war, and also commemorate the first anniversary of the death of Martin Luther King. Jim Fine, 7AS, chairman, and several members of the committee returned Tuesday from Jacksonville, where they passed out leaflets to servicemen inviting them to come to Gainesville for the march. The committee is now asking for volunteers to house the men while they are here. Activities will begin at the Plaza of the Americas at 11 a.m., when several bands, including the Second Coming from Jacksonville, will perform. At 1 p.m. a march will begin down University Avenue to the Federal Building where ceremonies will be held. Among the scheduled speakers is Larry Carres, a student at Santa Fe Junior College, who recently returned from 13 months of combat duty in Vietnam. To date support for the committee has come principally from local churches and from the Women's Group for Equal Rights. An appeal is now being made to campus organizations, according to Fine. A meeting will be held tonight at 8 in room 150 F and G of the Reitz Union to discuss further plans. Pool Decision "FROM PAGE ONE Elmore would not speculate on when the opinion might come. "There is no way around an opinion," he said. We need to know if revenue certificates can be issued for recreational facilities connected with student housing. "Florida statutes allow for dormitory service facilities to be constructed with only Board of Regents authorization, and the 'pools would come under this law," he contended. SPECIAL FREE DESSERT with EVERY 0Y ORDER --------------- 

PAGE 3

Students Swell Trailer Courts 19*ALGATOR SERVICES The college crowd has made a "new" discovery -one Grandpa -made long time ago -about the economics and efficiency of trailer giving. In fact, the way trailer courts are springing up near the perimeters of the UF, parents may have to start "trailer funds" to prepare their children for college. Owners of trailer courts close to campus estimate 75 to 95 per cent of their occupants are students. Even mobile home parks further out boast a 50-50 ratio of student residents. Don Ashley, a university jounalism major from Leesburg, who set up trailer housekeeping with his wife, Claudia, claims the mobile home relieves many problems associated with apartment living. For instance, he points out, there's no problem of parking space. Nor is there a lack of privacy that you sometimes might find in a crowded apartment complex, Ashley adds. One of the luxuries of trailer living is a private yard. "This may seem insignificant, but for a college student, it's quite a privilege," Ashley says. While Ashley didn't say it, he could have added: Especially if you keep boa constrictors and rat snakes for pets. "It's really great to have room to move around, have a cookout, or just relax quietly on a lawn chair," the 6 foot 4 former Leesburg High School football player remarked. A neighbor of the Ashleys, Robert Baker of Riviera Beach, cites free water, garbage pickup and sewage services for which non-trailerites have to pay extra. And Bruce Byrd of Venice made this point: "Since students are the main customers of the parks, owners have begun to cater precisely to their needs. "Many have installed tennis, basketball and badminton courts, touch football fields and swimming pools." But Ashley thinks the one big advantage that stands out above all others is the "investment feature." A student living off-campus here can expect to pay at least $100 a month for a minimum of nine months, Ashley says. Upon graduation, he would have spent a minimum of $1,800 (two years apartment rent) and have nothing to show for it. "That's really a conservative figure," Ashley remarked. "Old hands here tell me the cost would be more like $3,000." Students claim a good used trailer can be purchased for a price between $1,500 and $2,000. Even if they were financed for only two years, payments would run in the vicinity of $70 to $80 a month. "Rent on trailer lots ranges from $20 to $30 a month, depending upon the facilities offered and the proximity to campus," Ashley reports. "Therefore, trailer payment plus lot would exceed barely $100 a month." p dFEATURING CHUCK WAGON STEAKS FROM 99c OPEN 11:00 AM to 9:00 PM -7 Days Weekly Westgate Shopping Center -PHONE 378-3320 3321 W. University Ave. -Gainesville, Florida Wednesday, April 2, 1969,The Florida Alligator, Pap 3 Sears super suspension at the Junior Bazaar Well-built babies. A skirt. A jamaica short. A groovie hold-up in cool, easy-care cotton. White pique with colorful embroidery. Pop canvas prints. Jr. 5-13. Charge em on Sears Revolving Charge! a. skirt 7.98 b. short 5.98 c. short 6.98 I S CHARGE IT S y rsar igRevohts g-ulrg Shop Monday, Thursday, and Friday Nights 'tid 9 p in SHOP AT SEARS AND SAVE Satisfaction Guaranteed Sears or Your Money BackI SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO. TOP OF THE MALL N.W. 13th at 23rd Blvd. 24-HR Catalog 378-2631 Retail 378-2531 

PAGE 4

LSD USE IN GAINESVILLE INCREASING 50 Per Cent Student Body Taking Drugs? (EDITOR'S NOTE: This is the first of a three-part series on LSD.) By ALLIGATOR SERVICES In 1938 two research chemists, Drs. Albert Hofman and Arthur Stoll first synthesized LSD itt a Swiss laboratory of the Sandoz pharmaceuticals firm. In 1943 Hofman observed the drug's peculiar qualities after accidentally swallowing some of it iII the laboratory. fie described the effects itt his journal: "I noted with dismay that my environment was undergoing progressive change. Everything seemed strange and I had the greatest difficulty itt expressing myself. My visual fields wavered and everything appeared deformed as in a faulty mirror. I was overcome by a feeling that I was going crazy, the worst part of it being that I was clearly aware of my condition. The mind and power of observation were apparently unimpaired."' This strangely powerful drug, praised by some and damned by many, has become a highly controversial issue particularly for young adults. Dr. E. Arthur Larson, chief of mental health service and staff psychiatrist at the UF infirmary, estimated that 50 per cent or more UF students are taking, or have taken in the past, marijuana or LSD or similar hallucinogenic drugs. However, lie notes that the marijuana users make up the larger share of the percentage, with significantly fewer using the harder drugs. "We see some 900 new student patients a year," he said, "and this gives us a pretty good cross-section of the student body. Although most of these are not drug-related problems we have begiiii to see more and more Studcnits in the past iree years witIt emotional problems related lo the use of various psychedelic drugs." He also notes that the majority of LSD users fall in the'once-or-twice category -individuals who want to see what a "trip" is like, take the drug once or twice to find out, then never take it again. In an effort to head off dabbliig with Ilie dangerous drug, the Food and Drug adiniiistratIon published a two-part series in the suiimer of 1907 called "LSD: the false illusion." The purpose of tlie series was to oiint out tle power of the hallucinogenic drug and lie risks of self-experitientation. The series, excerpted here, was prepared biy lie Bureau of Drug Abuse Cont rol. Part sicwsas writ ten by Dr. Jean P. Sttith,acting director of ie division of drug studies and statistics, and parIrIwo by Lewis P. Lasher, director of te division of case assistance. According ti Smith, who present s Ile psychologist's point of view, LSD is an aminiie alkaloid which acts primarily on Ile ccit ral iIervos system and closes as low as 20 to 31o0 micrograms may affect individuals whiot are cxpecially susceptible." (in contrast, a pinpoint spot of ink on a ptes would tain ajtproximatrly 250 iicrograms.) Smith reports that "Some similarity exists between the changes induced by LSD in man and ei clinical pict ure of schizophrenia ..." Ie, aslsot iites that a though LSD has heeti observed to cause respiratory failure it atitials, iio humia deaths directly attributable to the drug are 01I record. )SD has, however, indirectlyy caused a lumber of death by thwartig or removing natural protective attitudes, sensible judgment or the ability lo perceive and evaluate commonii dangers," Smith says. tle cites incidetis where: 0 "A student at the Berkeley Carnpus of lie University oif Califormia receittly jumped out of a widow to his death, i the apparent belief that citicr lie could Hly, or iII the atiteipt to fle from a pamc thtat had seized htii. 4 "A Los Aitgeles juvenile was killed while walking oi the freeway, coitviiiced that he was invisible to everyone. 4 "A young man i Brooklyn murdered his mother-in-law for no reasoii that w-s apparent I him after lie got through his LSD episode. 0 "A girl iII Loiidon 'flew' Out if a widow proposed destination, USA and enled up dead si the pavement.'' 378-5724 1lt 1(1I (I4[I CL OCK, WATCH & JEWELRY REPAIRS TROPHIES -ENGRAVING it W i)NIVnsirs' cVF. sittic K f i-OM CAMPUS Episcopal Holy Week Services CHAPEL OF THE +It+5+ INCA R NA TI ON I 522W. UNIV. -sVL. Maundy Good Thursday Priday at 8 pm at 5 pm Holy Littany & Communion Meditation Easter Sunday at 8 & 11 am Communion L .r -m on NEW COURSE BEGINNING TONIGHT SELF-HYPNOSIS APPLICATIONS IN SELF-IMPROVEMENT FREE LECTURE AND DEMONSTRATION LEARN WHY SELF-HYPNOSIS IS THE MOST POWERFUL AND EFFECTIVE TOOL AVAILABLE TODAY FOR SELF-IMPROVEMENT. Wed. April 2, at Ramada Inn INSTITUTE OF APPLIED HYPNOSIS 5445 MARINER ST., TAMPA PHONE 872-0698 SCHOOLS THROUGHOUT U.S. & CANADA Ta ntaI-EYE-Zing Shoe -In $50 Show Wardrobe to Be Given Away April 12th First 500 to Register will be given favors. You do not have to be present to win. Quality you will recognize. and, on what a happy budget! This/Week Only Wed.-Thur.-Fri. 10 a.m.-9p.m. Reg. hours 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. N 5 Across from University Bank 1025 W. University 378-8750 The Alligator has been awarded its fifth consecutive All-American rating by the Associated Collegiate Press. Bonus points in areas of particular excellence gave the Alligator a total of 4,020 points, 20 above the perfect All-American score of 4,000 points. The honor rating -highest given by the ACP -again thrusts the paper into competition for Upper Division Intro Slated Gamma Beta Phi, an honorary service organization, this quarter will sponsor programs to introduce students to upper division colleges. Each program will feature a dean talking about "his" college, a representative of the placement service offering ideas on iob opportunities for )f the college, and department chairmenggiving capsule views of their fields. Questions from the floor are invited.The introduction to upper division prodgramsare designed to allow students to gain information on curriculum and programs that can help them make the choice between upper division colleges more intelligently. Good Service Starts at CRANE IMPORTS SALES-SERVICEREPAIRS CRANE IMPORTS So E. Univ. Ave. 372-4373 the Pacemaker Award as the nation's leading college daily. The Alligator received tle Pacemaker Award last spring. Citing excellence in features and general news coverage, judge G.D. Hiebert praised the controversial series on contraceptives which earlier this year prompted Vice President of Student Affairs Lester Hale to ask for an investigation of the Alligator's ethics. "Congratulations on the 'Pill' series," Hiebert said, calling the series "perhaps your peak performance" in "quite a semester of news." "You have enough excellent feature copy to fill a few other college papers," Hiebert added. The editorial pages of the Alligator were also praised. "I like your alert news sense," he said. "The editorials keep a sharp focus on the machinations of 'Big Campus' for the students -th is is good!" Hiebert commented on tli Alligator's now-defsnci literary supplement, "The Campus Thing", including the picture if a nude coed Used on "The Thing" 's first cover. 'The Tting' is ain interesting experiment it literacy trial and sometimes -error. I'm not going to get involved in ie 'nude' photo ibt. YoU Used it and got the expected reaction and so, what else is new?" He described the paper's photography quality as "excellent." MONDAY TH_FRIDAY LARGE QUARTER DELL'S GRADE A FRIED -(CHICKEN NIGHTS ONLY PORTIONS LARGE ENOUGH TO SATISFY MOST HUNGRY STUDENTS! S Uni313 West -.g University Ave. -w --ic-vv a Page 4, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 2, 1969 Alligator Wins 5th Straight ACP All American Rating 0 m m m m I kh I 

PAGE 5

-I Ag Society Honors IFAS Entomologist James E. Brogdon, UF entomologist with the IFAS Extension Service last night recieved the 1969 Gamma Sigma Delta Senior faculty award. He was recognized by the international agriculture honor society as one of the nation's leading authorities on insect control. -. a JAMES E. BROGDON ..Senior Faculty Award Since 1953 Brogdon earned the title of "Mr. Bug Killer" and has worked with growers, ranchers and home owners alike with insect problems. Dr. Sal J. Locascio, associate professor with the vegetable crops department, was presented the junior faculty award. He earned the honor via his teaching and research in tomatoes, strawberries and southern peas. Merit awards were presented to four agriculture leaders who have made outstanding contributions to Florida's $4 billion agribusiness. They were Herman D. Jones, Jacksonville poultryman; Latimer H. Turner, cattleman and citrus grower from Sarasota; Buford W. Council, vegetable ,, er .Junior Faculty Award UF faculty initiated were: Dr. Esam E. Ahmed, food science; Dr. Frederick T. Boyd, agronomy; Lawrence H. Halsey, vegetable crops; Earl M. Kelly, district agent, Agricultural Extension Service; Frank A. Robinson, entomology and nematology; Vincent N. Schroder, agronomy; Paul E. Shuler, and John R. Strayer, toMology -John Eldon Turnidge, senior in fruit crops from Jefferson, Oregon, was voted the outstanding senior of the year. He earned a 3.956 honor point average out of a possible 4.0. Dean Marvin A. Brooker, College of Agriculture made the presentation. Welcome To The Club I've just cancelled my membership. But in case you haven't, let me show you around on my way out. The dues are about $30 a year, the clubhouse is a beautiful building, and all the very important people here occupy the third floor. Outgoing member Calahan The very, very important members are about to acclaim an authentic, credible, genuine, very approved of two time big chief of all the very important (not to mention philistine) campus politicians. Chief Shepherd Oh yes, the membership has a black sheep in the wings. He's not here now. Spends his time working in the ghetto or caring about academic problems. Seems he wants to be elected chief. Black Sheep Mica if you are a very, very important prospective member, welcome to the club You've already paid your dues at registration, and the campus political shepheards will be happy to pull the wool over your eyes. All you other optimists join me in supporting John (Black Sheep) Mica. He'd make a damn good student body President. Paid Pol. Adv. Mick Calahan ,m-u.u.u.u.m.u.u.u.u.u.u.mu.u.u.u.u.u.u.u.m.u.u.u.u.u.u.u.u.u.u.u.u.umI B c I J J I 

PAGE 6

Page 6, The Florida Alligator, Wedneaday Biggest Ship Rejoins War In Vietnam SAIGON (UPI) -U.S. commanders Tuesday announced the return of the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier Enterprise to Vietnam waters as a weapon against the Communists' spring offensive. But air strikes by B52 jets, mightiest bombers in the American arsenal, were being cut back to slash war costs. With the Red offensive in its 39th day, military sources said this war has killed more Americans than the 33,629 Americans slain in Korea from 1950-53, thereby making it the fourthmost costly war in terms of U.S. dead in American history. American headquarters said the Enterprise, biggest ship afloat, rejoined the war Monday for its fourth tour and within hours launched j e t fighter-bombers in support of U.S. troops hunting Communist forces near Cam Lo, eight miles south of the DMZ. The Enterprise strikes were flown over a mountain battlefield where American foot soldiers reported killing more than 250 North Vietnamese regulars in heavy fighting last week. Defense Secretary Melvin R. Laird, announcing the reduction in B52 strikes, said in Washington the move was in line with orders from President Nixon to trim defense costs. Air Force pilots have flown thousands of missions in the eight-engine jets of the Strategic Air Command since they were first thrown into the war on June 17, 1965. The planes can carry up to 15 tons of bombs. Psychiatrist States Opinion On Sirhan Los Angeles (UPI) -The first chief prosecution psychiatrist said today it was his opinion Sirhan B. Sirhan was not suffering from a psychotic delusion when he fatally shot Sen Robert F. Kennedy. Dr. Seymour Pollack, a professor at the University of Southern California, said Sirhan was motivated by beliefs which are shared by thousands of persons throughout the United States and the world. Pollack said those beliefs included a feeling the American government was and is hypocritical, that its policies are anti-Arab and pro-Israeli, and that Kennedy himself was a "bad person" who favored Israel. Skop [ve to 8 MC -Sal April 2, 1969 DROPOUTS WHAT'S 'IT HAPPENS TO iN THE -E A LOVE LETTER! FL F? Mexican Miners,. Believed Dead BARROTERAN, Mexico (UPI) -Rescue crews, their eyes red and faces smudged, waited Tuesday for deadly gas to clear deep inside a dusty desert coal mine where 156 persons were feared dead in Mexico's worst mining disaster. "There is almost no chance any of the men will be found alive," said Jean Heitz, a French engineer who runs the Altos Hornos Coal Mines about 175 miles northwest of Monterrey. Eight bodies -all blown from the exploding tunnels Monday night -were recovered. Heitz said 148 miners were trapped inside two shafts and were believed dead. "We can't say flatly because there is always the possibility some will be found alive," he said. "But judging by all the elements it seems that no one could have survived the blast and gas." Women and children of the trapped miners stood in a silent death watch on the flat, parched prairie outside the No. 2 and No. 3 shafts. Their men toiled underground for an average wage of 300 pesos -$24 a month. Rescue workers ran tests and waited for pockets of methane and carbon monoxide to clear inside the mine before they could look for any of their surviving comrades. New Trial For Ray? MEMPH IS, T e n n. (UPI) -The unexpected death of Criminal Court Judge W. Preston Battle may have been hastened by the James Earl Ray case, and, ironically, may provide Ray grounds for a new trial. Medical Examiner Dr. Jerry T. Fransisco showed that Battle d ie d o f coronary insufficiency -"a form of heart disease in which emotions can cause a fatal outcome." Battle was found slumped over a desk in his chambers Monday, just one week and a day before Ray, had been scheduled to go on trial for the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Ray suddenly changed his plea at a special hearing March 10 and entered a guilty plea in exchange for a 99 year sentence. Blow Yourself Up TO POSTER SIZE 2 Ft. x 3 Ft. Send any Black and'White or Color Photo. Also any newspaper or magazine photo. We will send to'u a 2 ft. x" 3 ft**perfect pop ar" poster A $25.00 $ 5 Value for$ 5 Frame for 23 ft. Poster only $3.50 3 x 4 Ft. RI O "' $750 .in sturdy t.be. Original returned undamaged. Add Skc --! hostage and handling ton EACH tem ordered. Add local Sales Tax. No C.O.D. SEND CHECK, CASH or M.O. to PHOTO POSTER 210 E. 23rd St., Dept. 166A New York, N. Y. 10010 Colege Reps wanted-wri~te fon detil BY HOWARD POST Ho' T8e -THAT'S THE YOt HAVE to CHic9KJ OUBLE WiTH REGAR,FOR Ll~N ij Yoij .PRIVACY! ---\~ ~ 'Z2Q~---.l/ 4s. closY' "Authorized Adler Dealer" SALES-SERVICE-RENTALS "Authorized Smith Corona Dealer" ADD OFFICE EQUIPMENT FORMERLY Hancock Office Equipment 582 N. Main St. 376-5551 It's been single-edged,double-edged, banded,injectored, plastic-coated, and now electro-coated. But it's still straight. Tn Tfssas aroa W Nc -s cc c -r nas Pair bie. s cant see Y ,%t --s an see yiv. And withna~s a hidden 'or seburns. sasy flip-top r a rechargesc-, t tveic as as any other ou changing you changing yloenco n You can't get any closer Ea--L -nd Street New York, N.Y. 40017 ffmmmmm I 

PAGE 7

ST. LOUIS, Mo. (UPI) -Dwight D. Eisenhower's own kind of people, standing quietly at railroad trackside in the cities and hamlets of the Midwest, said their last farewell Tuesday to the man they loved and knew as "Ike". Eisenhower's fellow Midwesterners gathered by the thousands to see the flag-marked funeral train as it rolled through the hills and flatlands of the nation's heartland on his last, long ride home to Kansas. Moved by the spontaneous outpouring of homage and affection, the Eisenhower family removed the cloak of secrecy it had hoped to impose on the route and schedule of the train on its mournful run from Washington to Abilene. At Cincinnati the family directed that the train's itinerary be released. And, for the first time on the journey the family had an American flag draped on the side of car No. 314, where the body of the two-term President and supreme commander of allied forces in Europe during World War II lay in an $80 regulation GI casket. Brief stops were scheduled at this Mississippi River city at 6:45 p.m. CST, at Kansas City, Mo., at 2:15 a.m. CST Wednesday and, finally, at Abilene at 6:45 a.m. CST. Eisenhower will be buried Wednesday in the "Place of Meditation" chapel at the Eisenhower Center, near the grave of his son David Doud, who died in infancy. President Nixon was scheduled to fly to Abilene to join Eisenhower's widow, Mamie, and other mourners for the 11 a.m. CST ceremonies. Hours before the 10-car funeral train rolled though, crowds gathered at scores of towns and villages in southern Indiana and llinois, hill country linked by history with the boyhood and youth of Abraham Lincoln. Dan SappmmiFidelity Union Life Insurance Co. 1636 V Kremlin LeadershipDivide DEFERRED PERMIUM PAYMENTS L O N D ON (UPI) -An reported on agriculture at home, Other Pofltbureau members are THE LEADER IN SALES TO COLLEGE MEN authoritative ,diplomatic report said Monday the leadership of the Kremlin is uncertain and divided over future Soviet policy. The 11-member Politbureau was said to be "at the crossroads" and very much preoccupied with debating the most suitable course of action, it said. The report said the ruling Troika in the Kremlin of Premier Alexei Kosygin, party Chief Leonid Brezhnev and President Nikolai Podgorny have been weakened by recent Soviet failures at home and abroad. Divergent opinions were strategy toward the United States and Communist China, and relations with rebellious Red bloc parties. Russia's leadership is under growing pressure by the sheer weight of events and passage of time to deicde which way to go, but so far evidently has been unable to makeup its mind, according to the assessment. Some members of the Politbureau, the assessment said, are completely obsessedwith the China problem. They advocate all-out concentration on how to deal with Peking and China's alleged aggressive designs on the Soviet Union. pushing for an early meeting with President Nixon to seek some degree of accommodation with the United States on a priorty basis. The ruling Troika reportedly is awaiting the outcome of a meeting with Nixon before allowing a definitive decision on any of the major outstnading key policy issues. S pace Shots May Transmit Live Color SPACE CENTER, Houston (UPI) -Apollo 10's astronauts may transm live color telecasts back to earth during their moon orbiting flight in May, Apollo spacecraft chief George Low said Tuesday. Color television from a manned spaceship would mark a space first, although un-manned spaceships already transmit color TV pictures of the weather. Low said the feat, in addition to providing the public with glimpses of the awesome sights such as earth's blue and brown globe seen by the astronauts, would be of engineering interest because of the added detail live color pictures could provide instantly. He said the color television system being considered for Apollo 10 is a technological breakthrough he learned about only two months ago. He said there is a 50-50 chance it can be included aboard the moon orbit flight, scheduled to start May 18. "This is a very preliminary idea, and it's awfully late in the game to start considering it," Low said. SENTATIVES Tom Stewart Mel Ward Arlie Watkinson V. Univ. Ave. 7-1208 EASTER Hunt find the golden eggs hidden around the UNION, Prizes inside starts friday until all are found. The new Bra Top in Leisure W ear by "Miss Elaine" 6f 100% cotton for cool summer wear. Comes in several colors and prints in sizes 9-13. Price $8.00 Figure Fair shops figure fashion experts with Bras, Girdles, and Lingerie. Gainesville Mall DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER UF's Rp .uniformed in 1951 Jim Bartlett 1 VS George Cori I 1 Midwesterners Pay Homage During Ike's Last Ride' Nikos Kazantzakis' masterpiece Now at your local bookstore -'."Alive with energy earthy and Rabelaisian," says the Saturday Review about this fiery tale of a modern pagan by "the Proteus of contemporary novel writing." -N.Y. Times Book Review Already an award-winning movie .now a smash Broadway musical nearly 1,000,000 copies sold! And don't miss: New editions of these other sukperb tazritzariis novels: SAINT FRANCIS, THE GREEK PASSION, FREEDOM OR DEATH 95 each wherever BALLANTINE BOOKS are sold Wednesday, April 2,1969, The Florids Alligetpr. Page 7 UPI NE WS a b I 

PAGE 8

Page 8, The Florida Alligator, Wednsday, April 2, 1969 Demonstration Declared Disruptive (EDIT O R 'S NOTE: inside University buildings. wich follows will be read to there suspended from the printed below is the Although no specific areas on any individuals and any group University, subject to a complete text of UF the campus are designated for which should congregate in any hearing on charges of President tephen the purpose of demonstrations buildings on this campus in disruption which shall be sC r imrom tu speeches violation of the above filed forthwith. O'CONNELL 'protest disruptive' The Florida Alligator "The price of freedom is the exercise of responsibility." Harold Aldrich Editor-in-Chief Dave Doucette Managing Editor Raul Ramirez Executive Editor O'Connell's statement to the demonstrators in Tigert Hall's second floor last quarter. They were 1) ro t es t ino O'Connell's decision not to grant SSOC a n official university charter.) The effects of the SSOC sponsored gather-in at Tigert Hall on Friday afternoon, March 7, have been assembled and assessed. Not only did those who gathered-ms leave the corridor littered, they effectively disrupted the operation of my office and other offices located in the building. A copy of the SSOC statement delivered to the campus newspaper on Sunday, March 9, has been given to me The statement threatens that a "study-in" vigil will be maintained in front of my office from nine to five o'clock on the first three days of the week beginning March 10. As set forth in the "Policy Statement Concerning Campus Demonstrations" adopted by the University Senate at its January 30 meeting, and approved by the Student Senate, "DemonstraGlenn Fake tions may be held anywhere on News Editor the campus, so long as they do not disrupt the normal operation of the University or infringe on S P ha the rights of other members of the University Community, except that no demonstrations AJ-it (including mass protests parades or picketing) are permitted 00 7k.7 The Florida Alligator Publiahmd by studsns of the Unisnity of Florida under hs auipies of the Board of Stdant Publications. EdltorilB. svnmswAdg fsinglm sinRoRs330,Re Union. Ph.,. "Opinions expressed in the Florida Alligator are those of the editors or of the writer of the article and not those of the University of Florida." exclusive use of the Plaza of the Americas for this purpose may be obtained by prior clearance through the Office of Student Affairs. Any use of PA equipment o r sound amplification anywhere on the campus must have prior clearance through this same office." Consistent with this policy it is necessary and proper to announce that any gather-in such as conducted in Tigert Hall on Friday, March 7, "study-in," vigil, or any other activity disruptive of the orderly operation of the University by SSOC or any other group or individuals either in Tigert Hall or othe? University buildings will be and are hereby declared to be disruptive of the normal operation of the University. Every effort will be made to distribute this announcement to the floating representatives of SSOC prior to the time of the announced "study-in." In any event, the foregoing and that mentioned policy. In event any. group or individual shall gather-in so as to disrupt the normal operation of the university conducted in such building as did SSOC on Friday, March 7, the following action will be taken: 1. The representative of the president, whether he be administration, faculty member, staff or student body official, who is in authority in the building or portion of building in which the disruption occurs shall request that those creating the disturbance cease, desist and remove themselves from the building. 2. If the disruptors do not cease, desist and remove themselves, an administrative or academic official representing the president shall advise them that any student who has refused to obey the request is then and Upon announcement of the order of suspension the administrative or academic official in charge shall request those students suspended to identify themselves by presenting appropriate documents such as ID cards. 3. After lapse of a reasonable time following the request to cease, desist and remove themselves from the building, the representative of the president shall request a campus policeman to inform any disruptors remaining on the premises that they are in violation of law, and that if they fail to cease, desist and remove themselves from the building, they will be arrested. Any persons failing to heed this warning shall be forthwith arrested and charged in the proper court for appropriate violation of law. JKWA s What Is The Issue? "The issue is free speech." And then: "The issue is that the University of Florida should not be in the business of 'approving campus groups." And then: "The issue is that his is an authoritarian repressive university." And then: "The issue is.". Wait a minute! What IS the issue? SSOC and other campus radicals keep telling us, "The -issue is-."And it's always changing. No matter what anyone tries to do to resolve the issue there's always another slinking around beneath it, waiting for the right moment to leap forward and be announced. Last quarter, President Stephen O'Connell, in a decision we disagreed with but nonetheless understand the reasoning of, ruled against granting official university recognition to the local chapter of SSOC. SSOC blew its collective mind, yelling to high heaven about how O'Connell's decision denied them freedoms of speech, assembly and association. A significant number of student groups, including several traditionally staunchly conservative groups such as Student Government, Florida Blue Key and Interfratemity Council, volunteered to sponsor SSOC so that its members could freely exercise the constitutional rights which they felt had been denied them. SS woudavefreespeech, free assembly, free association --free love, if they wanted it. Instead: "Well, that's not really the issue. The issue is that the University of Florida shouldn't.'' The "establishment" student leaders agreed. They promised to carry the battle to the Board of Regents and get changed the policies requiring universities to approve and charter campus groups. SSOC would have been instrumental in changing an unfair policy. A wrong would have been righted, eventually. The issue would have been resolved. Instead: "Well, that's not really the issue. The issue is that this university is authoritarian." Maybe so, the students agreed. They pledged themselves to working for positive change in the climate on campus. Little things. Like student control over all student conduct regulations and adjudication. Like student control over student organizations. Like greater student voice in university policy decisions. The student leaders acknowledged the radical complaints. They promised reform. Maybe not tonight. Maybe not even tomorrow. But just as soon as democracy could do its work. Just as soon as possible in our kind of society. SSOC should have been happy. Their voices, raised in strident protest against a social atmosphere they could not embrace, had been heard. The machinery of reform was oiled and running, and they had flipped the switch which started it. Instead: "Wel-that' e ha ." Our question again: What IS the issue, SSOC? In our view, the issue is wisdom. Or, put another way, the knowledge that the best way to change another man's mind is, first, to be right. And then be patient. 61-N 

PAGE 9

F Speaking Out investigation : -Not until March 10, five weeks after my original speech, was it announced that there were no grounds on which I could be disciplined. The pattern of public conirent, private meetings, and public announcement is typical for the normal operation of the university. It is also typical that at no time during the entire affair were any of my colleagues (except my chaiman in his role as administrator) or my students asked for their opinion. According to all rules at the University of Florida, full power is vested in the president of the university (although he is subservient to the Board of Regents). O'Connell, whether he liked it or not, had to play the crucial role in the affair. Many people in the university have wondered why O'Connell did not reply immediately and tell Slade that he did not have any business even to write the letter. After all, Slade is only one member in the legislature and he is not even a member of the education committee.O'Connell made a major point (at least in private) that there was no "investigation" of me. He said that he was following "due process" and referred to Senate Bylaw No. I, which tells how a complaint from outside the university ought to be handled. To begin, "due process" assumes that some kind of charges have been made which are worthy of investigation. O'Connell stated that he receives many complaints about faculty members, but that this was the first time that he had ever used the procedure. The report on the non-investigation was about 75 pages long and included two legal briefs, letters from people above me, and copies of some of my political statements. O'Connell carefully referred to an "inquiry" and never (to my knowledge) used the word investigation, although the press repeatedly referred to an investigation. This point is important because if there had been an investigation, formal charges would have had to be filed. I would have had the same right to counsel which the administration had, and the investigation would have been conducted by a faculty committee rather than by the president. O'Connell's letter to Slade concluded that there were no grounds for "disciplinary action" against me. This is, interestingly enough, not even a possible finding according to the procedure O'Connell claimed to be following, which carefully states that there are three possible findings for the preliminary inquiry: a) the complaint lacks substance. b) the complaint has substance but remedial action at the department or college level is sufficient. c) the complaint has substance and must become a matter for charges. I would presume that O'Connell should have told Slade that his complaint "lacks substance," but instead he (along with others from the university except for my departmental chairman) made a major point of assuring the legislators that I had used "poor judgment," had failed to exercise "proper restraint" and indicated that I had possibly violated professional ethics. vvUdflV5Udy, p~o o o ma mr on. .ud .,.i#usr, rAW tV My Point Of View By Dr. All of these findings are directly would resign in the event of Dr. Mgill's contradicted by the judgment of my dismissal, particularly if it related to any colleagues, who provided the most outside influence." State Sen. Tom. effective support. Their letter to Slade, March I], 1969, O'Connell (written on their own O'Connell's report which was initiative) perhaps best stated the issue reprinted in Monday's Alligator when they said that the "key issue. ..is presented one side of the "Slade-Megill the affirmations not only of the RIGHT Affair." I think that the issue must not of Professor Megill as a citizen and a be seen as a matter of free speech, but member of the academic community to of the nature of the university and the say what he did at the place and in the society in which we live and work. manner in which he said it, but also his Slade has perhaps best understood DUTY as a professor and a philosopher the situation, and I think that it is to express his sincere and important for the members of the well-considered convictions." university community to see that the Pressure from the students, in private way in which my case was handled is and in public, was an important factor really just one more example of the in the final decision. Not only radical authoritarian nature of the university, but also conservative students and that a faculty member has no way, volunteered their assistance, and many except perhaps Supreme Court student organizations protested against decisions, to protect himself. political interference in the university. My original speech, made February 3, Two demonstrations, including a was hardly noticed by anyone. Even march to the president's house, showed Slade, according to one reporter (Hank that they saw their own interests Drand in Florida Times Union, Feb. threatened by an investigation. The 30), got the idea of demanding that I be radical students reacted the soonest and fired from another representative with with the greatest sense of political whom he had dinner several days after I awareness when they circulated a participated in the "Accent" program petition saying that no internal or panel, external investigations should be The first cluster of events, most of allowed on campus. which were public, occured on the two Of great personal satisfaction to me or three days following the release of was the role played by JOMO, a local Slade's letter. At the end of the second black militant group. While other people flurry of activity, which was private, I were still trying to figure out what was had my first contact with the happening, the day that Slade's letter administration and President O'Connell was released, members of JOMO (on Feb. 24), accompanied by everyone accompanied radical students to a in the "channel" above me, i.e. the head meeting of the Action Conference and of the college of Arts and Sciences and demanded that a resolution be passed the chairman of my department. By condemning political interference in the that time it appeared That the decision university. It was surely a new sight for had already been made, although I was "A new order is emerging and a new kind of society will come about -a society in which free people can begin to exercise real control over their lives." -KENNETH A. MEGILL ...1.969~ the University of Florida -the front invited to "clarify" my position. rows of the Action Conference were Many people have asked me about occupied by blacks, who have my contact with the legislators at the traditionally had no place on the meeting in the Schultz Building. The university campus. state legislature in Florida, as in most I am convinced that it was their states, is primarily composed of men presence which assured the immediate who have inherited wealth or who are adoption of the resolution. Their role in indebted to wealthy men. The leaders this affair showed how important it is are obviously members of the country for the University of Florida to become club set in their local towns and are a real public university which is open to tuned in to the local power structure all citizens. which they represent. "If justifiable cause is found to Slade himself is an ambitious young dismiss any employee of this institution, politician who understands an issue and I will not hesitate to do so." President how his own personal advancement can Stephen O'Connell, Feb. 12, 1969. be assured within the existing order. He "The support of members of the knows where power lies; his problem is department where I work, of the how to come to power. Perhaps an students with whom I am associated, of examination of the quality and the black militants whom I am happy to composition of the legislative leadership call my friends and of the many citizens would give one of the best arguments who have defended my right to speak for keeping the legislature out of the and teach has made it possible for me to university. remain at the University of Florida." The whole experience has shown me Professor Ken Megill, March 10, 1969. more clearly than ever before that the "It was the greatest whitewash since problem at the University of Florida is Tom Sawyer painted the fence. .I must not with the personalities of the in all candor say that administrators, but with the President O'Connell has been hampered authoritarian system which responds to because of recent Supreme Court rulings political pressure from a legislature and I also can appreciate his reluctance representing the propertied interests of in veiw of Dr. Hanna's statements in the State. Monday's meetings that he would resign The president of the university is a and that it would be his predictions that political appointee and thus responds most of the philosophy department best to political pressure, but he is also a man -who must live and work in the university. No matter who he may be, our university president is faced with an inherent contradiction. He must have peace. He must also have a university, and this requires him to permit all kinds of disruptive practices to go on, since one of the major purposes of any real university is to disrupt and disturb the existing order. It is a sad commentary on the University of Florida and the condition of American society when one's only real protection against authoritarian systems is the United States Supreme Court. The legal opinion by the university attorney stated, "It can definitely be said that the trend in Supreme Court decisions affecting academic freedom is increasingly toward more recognition of the concept as a basic constitutional right of teachers and professors. The day of discretional dismissals of academic personnel in state institutions is over" Former Dean of Law School Henry Fenn, in a memorandum which O'Connell requested, concluded with specific reference to my case when he said, "If any disciplinary action were taken against Dr. Megill and he elected to contest it in the courts, it is very doubtful if the courts would sustain the University or Board of Regents." Before there is real protection for a faculty member, the University of Florida must become free and open to all, which will require a fundamental change not only in the university, but in the economic and political structure of the state and country as well. A free university is not possible in an unfree and racist society such as the one in which we live. From this case, as well as from many similar cases throughout the country, it has become clear that in order to have a free university and a free society, institutions must come under the control of those who live and work in them. The movement toward a new kind of democracy is well under way in this country, and it can only be temporarily slowed by the use of violence by those in authority to suppress democratic movements. A new order is emerging and a new kind of society will come about -a society in which free people can begin to exercise real control over their lives. KENNETH A. MEGILL Attorney Belli Enjoyed UF Visit MR. EDITOR: library. I hope they will be San Francisco, drop by our I enjoyed very much being on they will fulfil the lawyer's Again, thanks so much for your campus and I'm so sorry I obligation to the university, having me on your campus and did not have an opportunity to which institution's principal I'd like to return. spend more time with you. function is to arouse curiosity in !'ve asked my secretary to inquisitiveness, as well as teach. send some of my books to your Whenever any of you are in MELVIN M. BELLI in order to appear in the Alligator, letters to the editor must be typed and signed and should not ecd3O0wordJnengtk Writers' names may .be withheld from publication for just cause. The editor reserves the right to edit all letters in the interest of space. m Ar -I a A *no In 

PAGE 10

-0ea aK \v0 10 Pr! / /2p~ THE UNIVERSITY -.op Young dadnb SEdwardia, bhn you the "Forties Pinstripe." A three in one dre &Pst oyt iAcrepe. Moded S -~~lotte which isee Itat41Wa ltntMee "C)v-.7The outftIncluds wide leg pantsanahltof A T 7'q ........... & 

PAGE 11

L, 0 0 4? $-JEW ~ ~eo, 0 STAG AND DRAG this gOwat Janet captivates the swim set in "The Wild One" swimsuit. Sare as M~Y Wow is the word for this multicolored wildly printed and nore swimult which Is accentuated by a bat-wing sleeved b k and w#dte coverup. tiw -wIWIG Modeled out in the Easter parade in this fashionable suit which I.a brown w d beige plaid Eton ;tyle belted cawt g a long line beige crepe top accenting a brown linen A .yhtAW Ops off the ensemble. Modeled by Katie. 

PAGE 12

GATOR CLASSIFIEDS Page 12, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 2, 1969 mw. AT I anism in the movies has come a long way. The very latest word on the subject is 'The Killing of Sister George!' Beryl Reid spews out her words, many of them the four-letter variety, like a well-stoked furnace. Her performance is strong!' -au a w5 egse" DMITTEi COLO Iei aon lCba. Tese two iled agents must win World War I this wee end .or dic. explosive drama of an Allied teamn parachuted into the Bavarian Alps behind enemy lines during World War Hf. FO RSALE Piano: excellent condition and tone $200. 378-8482 aft. or eve. (A-2t-106-P) 1 G.E. Television cabinet model. Good as new, $125.00. Enclosed in handsome case and sits on rollers. Florence Nelson, Ph. 392-1764. (A-4t-104-P) Triumph, 1967, 500cc, Only 3500 miles, Perfect Condition, Call 376-4167 after 6P.M. (A-4t-105-p) WOODED LOT across from University Golf Course, $4500. R. T. Poole, Rt. No 1,C ox1027, Apopka, Florida 32703 (A-5t-104-P) 150cc Suzkielec. start, new rubber, very reliable $250 -59 TR3, exc. mech, new rubber, $400. 378-7197, leave No. will call. (A-5t-106-P) Bell Helment with bubble, size 7-1/8, almost new; Hemmi bamboo duplex, slide rule with scales for simple calculating or mechanical engineers. Call 372-4944 in the evening. (A-3t-106-PI Adorable Siamese kittens, perfect for Easter, potty trained, males and female. Call 378-7638. (A-4t.106-P) 40 rda 350, 2,000 mi., perfect cond., $600. Call 372-7942 after 5:00. <A-3t-106-P) 1968 Benetti 125cc Scrambler road and trail sprokets, must sacrifice, will take best offer. Call 378-2878. (A-3t.105-P) Zenith portable stereo in excellent condition. Must hear to believe $45. Call 372-6608. (A-3t-106-P) EGR 183 students -HAVE ALL THE INSTRUMENTS YOU NEED. Excellent condition reasonable price. Call David at 392-8936. (A-3t-106iP) FOR RENT Peace and quiet Is yours for the asking by living in one of our secluded luxurious one-bedroom furnished town house apartments. Only 5 minutes from the campus and medical center. $155 per month plus $35 for utilities. Call us now for an appointment to see them. Immediate occupancy. Ernest rew Realty, fnc., Phone 376-6461. (B-22t-105-c) Need one female roommate for spring quarter in Gatortown Apt. $42.50 per mo. Call 372-1736. Two bedroom two baths, overlooking the pool. (B-4t-106-P) Need 1 female roommate to share 2 bedroom apt. with three other girls. French Quarter Apt. 19. Call anytime 378-7037. (B-3t-106-P) Male parttime help over 21. Apply Pizza Inn, 316 SW 16th Ave. (C-lt-106-P) Law or grad student wanted to live in 3-bedroom, nicely furnished home near campu. Utilities paid. Call Bill Early evenings at 378-3862. (C-3t-104-P) NEAR CAMPUS: need female roommate for very nice 2 bedroom duplex: S45 a mo. plus 1/3 utlities. Call 372-2048 after 6:00 p.m. (C-2t-104-P) SPECIAL Lunch and Dinner Wednesday Special CHICKEN STEW & DUMPLINGS Thursday Special BROILED CALVES LIVER & ONIONS MORRISON'S CAFETERIAS GAINESVILLE MALL Roomate wanted: ;;oney can't buy happyness, but $65 per month makes a good start! Includes all utilities AC and phone. (Room 302) College Terrace Apts. 1225 SW First Ave. Call Dan at 3784532 after 4. (C-5t-105-p) Arriflex BL, or ECLAR npr 16mm cine camera wanted. Also Nagra IlIl Taperecorder. Top price! Call Dan at 378-4532. (C-4t-105-p) If you lose a pet, car keys, or even a medallion, call the WUWU lost and found department. Dial 1390. We can find most anything. (C-lt-106-C) The single University crowd over 21 -For the Friday afternoon club -will meet this and every Friday from 5-7:30 at the Lamplighter. Private rooms, pleasant atmosphere. Drinks $.45. Come early and bring your friends. (C-3t-106.P) Female for spacious two bedroom apt. close to campus behind University City Bank. New furniture, $42 a month. 378-7879. 1118 apt. 4 NW 1st Place. (C-3t-106-P) Female to share small house behind NRM starting spring quarter, $45 mo. Call 378-5275 now, through finals and the break. Late at night perferable. (C-5t-106-P) Need roomies for 3 qtr. & sum. Furnished, nice, F. Quar. Apt. $25 mo. 378-7197 leave No. -(C-5t-106-P) ARR1 -B L with motor, magazines, & tripod. Also compatable 35mm sound recording system. Edwards, Apt. 302. 1225 SW first Ave. Top price!!! (C-5t-106-P) One female roommate needed immediately for 2 bedroom French Quarter apt. Call 376-7706. (C-2t-106-P) Male roommate for 1 bedroom Summit House Apt. Pool, air cond. $67 monthly. Immediate occupancy. Apt E-26. 378-6784. (C-5t-106-P) Amiable female roommate spring and/or summer quarters. Colonial Manor Apt. 38. Rent $55 per mo. plus utilities. Call 378-0295. -fC-5t-106-P) ~LAST DAY. "THE NIGHT THEY RAIDED MINSKY'S" '9 M ALSO "SALT & PEPPER" STARTS THURSDAY EXCLUSIVE FIRST RUN Adiffeientkind of rile. Adifferentind of man. On his neck he wore the brand of a killer On his hip he wore vengeance. Nai al na ~tReS usCHI1RRUI1= .CO-FEATURE. MHOW SWEET IT 15!" JAMES GARNER & DEBBIE REYNOLDS ,,WOVMETCO'S M-. ISL ~at 23rd n Td ph me379-2434 a A YOU SAY HE PUT HIS FINGER IN THE END OF YOUR WHAT? He sponsored Hi indoor sports n .. PETER McENERY -DIANE CILENTO GLENDA JACKSON IN"NEGATVES' 3WE 3.5.7 .9 e turnedCalendar to a boom town Dr Brennan nd paradise. James Garner Joan Hackett Waite CSupport Your Local Sheril ~Zji~ A tropical jungle becomes an -I is/at ii ---------, -, ., !.*.,.4,, .lve---,& -, --,b: 7m WATDISNEY DLAST "HOCARSE I 0 1W 

PAGE 13

66 IF YOU MUST HAVE*. $ 0 OR MORE WEEKLY THIS SUMMER. Good Humor OFFERS IT! ( CAMPUS A i ll INTERVIEW A rl1 One of the highest paying of sion. (3) Be in good physical all summer jobs condition. No experience necesMany students working full sary. Work is easily learned ... summer averaged above $125 and everything you need to sucweekly. One out of three made ceed is supplied, free. You're $133 or more weekly. One out your own boss ...work in the of four made $139 or more open where people have been weekly. buying GOOD HUMOR foryears. How to qualify for interview Sign up now for interview (1) Minimum age 18. (2) Need See your Summer Placement valid driver's license and be Director or Student Aid Officer able to drive clutch transmisnow. AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER (M/F) ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIED To order classifieds, use the form below. Fill in the boxes allowing 1 box for each letter, space and punctuation mark. Count 2 boxes for capital letters. Don't use hyphens at the end of a line (which contains 35 characters). Use additional form if more than 4 lines are requiredMinimumncharge is $1.00 for 4 lines. For each additional line, add $.25. Multiply the total by the number of da> the ad is to run. Subtract the discount for consecutive msertions (if applicable*). Mail the ad, with remittance (check preferred) to: Alligator Classifieds, Room 330, Reitz Union, Gainesville, Florida, 32601. Deadline -3:00 p.m. 2 days prior to starting day DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE -IJ .I 4A --I DODD00300 4c a CL, I A O 0 U, -I -I I z 0 z F rI Desperatel Need female roommate. Apt 45 Landmark. Two bedroom $45/month. Call 378-5809 anytime. (C-3t-106-P) Female roommate wanted for spring quarter for Village Park Apartment. Rent $37.95. Call 378-7849 anytime. (C-3t-106-P) HELP WANTED WAITRESS -Cashier-Hostessattractive coeds for part or full time work. Employee discounts, beautiful surroundings. Apply in personnel office 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Maas Brothers. (E-3t-104-C) HELP WANTED -FEMALE. Full time position for experienced office worker. Should be planning on being in Gainesville at least two years from date of hiring. Must be experienced In office work and must be able to work full time including approximately two nights a week and every other Saturday. Ideal working conditions, 5 day week. WILSON DEPARTMENT STORES, INC. 22 E. University Avenue. (E-10t-106-C) I interviewing for immediate employment. Part or full time male personnel. Better than average salary. Apply in person 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. Wed. and Thurs. ARBY'S Restaurant, 1405 SW 13th St.(E-lt-106-C) WE DO NOT WANT MAGIC but a smart educated man can start career up to $6600 beginning salary. Company car or allowance for your car. Outside work, permanant with advancement program. Call Ed Simmons. Allied Personnel of Gainesville 1800 N. Main 376-4611. (E-5t-105-p) OFFICE GIRLS to type, keep book, handle clients and payments. Pay according to your ability. Call Helen Sullivan at Allied Personnel at Gainesville 1800 N. Main St. 376-4611. tE-t-1OS-p) SECRETARIES Big Offices -Not so big too! Law-Insurance-Businesses and financial. The best attainable pay for the lob you want in the office you enloy. Cal Paul Grimes -Allied Personnel of Gainesville. 1800 N. Main St. 376-4611. (E-5t-105-p) WANTED Secretary, must be experienced in shorthand, and typing. Salary commensurate with ability. Call Parks M. Carmichael. Scruggs, Carmichael and Tomaison 376-5242, G'ville for interview. (E-5t-105-p) FRESHMEN & SOPH: NEED to EARN MONEY this summer? The Southwestern Co. will interview college men this Thursday & Friday, April 3 & 4. See Placement Office JWRU Room G-22 for sign-up sheets. (E-5t-104-P) AUTOS Love Bug for sale! 163 VW excellent condition. New tires, etc. Will only be around 1 week! A great buy, a fun car! Only $650. Call Terry 376-4765, 109 FQ. (G-3t106-P) PERSONAL I Dial 378-5600 and hear a taped message any time day or night. Message changes each Wednesday. Let Freedom Ring, 16 NW 7th Ave. (J-5t-104-P) Paid Political Adv. Experienced Script Writer(s): (Documentary style) Want to do a flick for the film festivals? Maybe we can work a deal. I put up equipment, filmstock and budget; you furnish the scripting. Call Dan at 3784532. (J-5t-105-p) There are only 2 (TWO) days left for you to reserve your $315 seat to LONDON, June 23-Aug. 25. Call 392-1655, Rm 310, Reitz Union. (J-1t-106-P) Li' Rodd -Happy 23rd and may you always stay sweet 161 Love from your Lil' "Hamster-Goat." (J-lt-106-P) Girl wanted to cook for 3 guys. Call 372-7763 or come by Apt. 67. French Qt. (J3t4106.P) PERSONA The Friday Afternoon Club -for the University crowd over 21 -will meet this and every Friday from 5-7:30 at the Lamplighter. Private rooms, pleasant atmosphere. Drinks $.45. Come early and bring your friends. (J-3t-106-P) Carol Sue and Barbara, who t ik d acting with me in Little Larry'sd. night; if still interested, call Dan at 378-4532. (J-2t-105-p) X LOST & FOUND Lost -Reward. University of Florida ring; gold with letters 2 X on blue stone, with 1970 and BS on each side. Initials HAH inside; call 378-8580. (L-4t-106-P) LOST: Light brown purse on Univ. Ave. along the wall in front of the Grad Library. Reward. 378-8080 or 225 SW 3 Ave. Aot 5. (L-2t-106-P) SERVICES NEED A PAINTER? Free estimates Professional Painting interior and Exterior call after 5 or anytime on weekends 378-4855. (M-l0t-105-p) Alternators -Generators -Starters -Electrical systems tested repairs. Auto Electrical Service, 603 SE 2nd St. 378-7330. (M-tf-io4-C) INCOME TAX $4 up. Expert service 2 locations to serve you: 1227 W. UnIv. Ave. (across from Ramada inn) & 107 N. Main St. 378-9666. (M-12t-104-P) income Tax. Experienced tax specialist. Accuracy guaranteed. Call 392-1517 after 7:30 p.m. $3.00 and up. (M-5t-106-P) My office Is small. My business Is new. Parking Is terrible but you'll be glad you came. Buy your next eye-glasses at University Opticians, 526 SW 4th Ave. Next to Greyhound Bus Station. 378-4480. (M-lt-106-C) EAT-IFrEE CHICKEN -COLD CUTS 5:30 -6:30 THIS IS '69 MUNCH WITH THE BUNCH "Students only= 10% DISCOUNT on guns and ammo. Bring this ad you tdentI.D0cad -offer expires April5 1969 Harry Beckwith Gun Dealer MicanopyFla Ph 466-3340 *GATOR CLASSIFIEDS* Wadneaday, April 2, 1969. The Florida Alligator, Page 13 Be a commercial pilot NEW G. I. Bill pays for Flight Training -Call CASSELS IN THE AIR Area's only approved school 378-2646 U -----------,,,, m .L -I ---" --" "" ---~ -- 

PAGE 14

Page 14, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 2, 1969 I 4-IE PIN VGA / lest you forget the life of a GATOR--BUY YOUR SEMINOLE NOW Please reserve copies of the 1969 Seminole in my name. I have enclosed $ ($5.00 per copy) Name Student Number A ddress-I .--I -------1, %City State & Zip You will be notified in the Alligator when the yearbooks have arrived. Mail to 1969 Seminole, Rm. 330, JWRU. i) 0, A 19 -INIPP, 

PAGE 15

PARAGUAY STUDENTS SUPPLY "LATIN TOUCH" .during six-week exchange program at P.K. Yonge IN 1975 POPULATION PREDICTIONS-----daceCounty Keeps Lead Adjacent lower East Coast counties -Dade and He plans the next set of county population Broward -will be Florida's most populous in 1975,. projections for early 1971, following the 1970 according to figures released by the University of census results. This will serve as a benchmark for the Florida's Bureau of Economic and Business new projections, as well as a check on past Research. projections and the methodology on which they are Reporting popoulation projections of Florida based, Beller reports. counties for July 1, 1970, and Julyl,1975, Ronald Dade County continues to lead the state in E. Beller, head of the population statistics division population, as it has inevery estimate since the 1960 in the College of Business Administration, predicts census count. Broward climbed from fifth place in the state will have 6,528,000 people in 1970 and 1960 to second in both the 1970 and 1975 7,463,000 five years later. calculations. By 1975, Dade residents are expected to number Figures show Dade gaining 254,400 people in the 1,320,900 and 650,300 will be living in Broward, 10-year period from 1960-1970. Another 131,400 according to Beller. are anticipated by 1975. The charts issued in March are the second in a continuing population projections series originating Broward with 333,900 listed in the 1960 census in 1967. Figures were rounded to the nearest 100, count, should gain 204,100 in the 10-year period and some of the extrapolated results modified to ending in June, 1970, and another 112,300 during correct absurd results that were. inconsistent with 1970-75. events not reflected in the historical series. Duval, second in the last census count, drops to Beller said historical patterns weighed most third with 580,800 in the projected 1975 figures. It heavily in the 1970 projections, while both shows gains of 73,500 for the 10-year projection judgment and patterns influenced the 1975 figures. and another 51,800 by July 1, 1975. Studies Show Corporate Giants Continue Real Estate Ventures UF real estate expert Dr. William Beaton says commercial and industrial involvement in real estate activities is likely to continue. Existing participation by business corporations in the development industry has been welcomed by the traditionally independent entrepreneurs of business, Dr. Beaton points out in the current issue of "Economic Leaflets," published by the University's Bureau of Economic and Business Research. "It appears that as the size and complexity of real estate projects have grown, developers have acquired a more sophisticated approach to their operations," Dr. Beaton reports. "Construction know-how is now combined with an ability to use modem financial analysis and language, as well as modern management principles and techniques," he stresses Dr. Beaton notes that numerous commerical and industrial firms have their own real estate departments to handle activities in which the firm will invest and use. He says that corporate giants have shown extensive new interest in real estate as a profit-making venture in recent years. "There has been a substantial commitment of funds to the creation and financing of projects not Pi Kappa Phi INVITES YOU TO: Wed. April 2 -Dinner -5:30 p.m. Thurs. April 3 -Dinner -5:30 p.m. Fri. April 4 -Dinner -5:30 p.m. Movie -7:00 p.m. Sat April 5 -Lunch -12: 00 p.m. Baseball Game -1:00 p.m. Party -9: 00 p.m. Sun. April 6 -Bar-B-Q1:00 p.m. Mon.-Thurs. April 7-10 -OPEN HOUSE WHERE IT'S HAPPENING! connected with the ordinary business of the corporation," he reports. Dr. Beaton is professor of real estate and urban land studies at the University. His study on corporate investment in real estate covers the nature of new corporate commitment, the benefits and problems for the corporation and the real estate development industry. Wednhaday, April 2,1969. The Florida Alilptor, Pap 15 P.K. Yonge Host To Paraguayans The UF's P. K. Yonge Laboratory School, known for its innovations in education, is achieving recognition in a different direction: as emissary of good will. Each year for the last four, children from Asuncion, Paraguay, have come here to live with American families and study for six weeks at P.K. Yonge. In that period -and including three children now here -approximately 10 percent of Asuncion's schools have been represented. This year, as an added novelty, two Latin teachers from the American Community School in Asuncion are studying American curriculum at the university's College of Education. Part of their program involves, of course, P.K. Yonge, which is a branch of the College of Education. Mirta Branda, 10; Maria Julio, 11, and Hugo Chaves, 12, as might be expected, are impressed with the innovations they have found in America. In addition to school, their "foster families" -Jack Rutledge Santa Fe Junior College, Dr. James Lister, a university education chairman, and Dr. James Winefordner, University chemist -give them the full whirl of Ameican living, from hot dogs to basketball games, with tours of Silver Springs and the Cape Kennedy Space Center for a bonus. Although the six-week stay may seem short, the impression is lasting. And continued correspondence is more of the norm than the exception. Many of the Paraguayan youngsters are saving their dollars, hoping for a return. Dr. Emmett Williams, assistant dean of the College of Educatiox and an orginiator of the program, said a return visit is a realistic part of the program. SHOE REPAIRS SOLES ATTACHED HEELS ATTACHED 15 MINS. 5 MINS. MODERN SHOE REPAIR SHOP UNIVERSITY AND 101 N. PLAZA MAIN ST. 376-5211 OPEN WEEKDAY NIG 'TIL 9:00 P.M. $1 ANY P4 OF SLA in stock regular .0 0 of slacks 1236 N.W. 3rd Ave. HTS AIR CKS with purchase 9, NOW OPEN FOR LUNCH (SPOAL LUNCOWN MWN) JA MONDAY TIU FRIDAY 11:30 2:30 SUNDAYS 12: .9:A P.M. o *TsTUR& ClAU ORa 'Ia it DINNER DAILY5:0 TO 19:0 P OVTSceus a ,--.-F3 ALL YOU CARE TO EAT FRESH SEA TROUT OR SEA SQUAB FRENCH MIES -HUSHPUPPIES -RATES SIAW ADULTS 1.50 -CHILDREN 1.00 PIRATES COVE LO5STIR-IOJSE OCALA Aasoau M HWY. 31 -1-27 35" &W. I3131ST. lb MRS50131K05310ON WIINW AM'LAUh MUSCUMO 4iAaa-Msae no374-2a931 I I 

PAGE 16

Page 16, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday. April 2. 1969 ONE OF 17 NON-SCHOLARSHIP TRYOUTS ------= Negro Reports For Spring Football By BILL DUNN schoolers will iot report til defensive halfback. week." including Steve Tannen, who Alligator Assistant Sports Editor fall. The 5-foot-9, 175-pounder, The end of the week, to will be working out as a split The UF broke a football Issac Jones was among 17 who played some ball at most of those trying out, end for the first 10 days color barrier Monday in a non-scholarship hopefuls Gainesville's Lincoln High means more rugged drills and Veteran receivers Guy very subtle way. trying out for the team School before entering the warmer weather, both McTheny and Paul Maliska Head Coach Ray Graves Monday when spring football service, is a freshman at the enemies of even the husky were noticeably absent from had to fumble through his drills got under way. university. He is 21-years old. anatomies. the drills. McTheny, on an roster to find the name of the Jones was on the field in "I think we're going to The Gaors went through adjacent field, was pacing the stocky Negro standing along shorts while most of the have a good team this year," extensive opening day passing Gator baseball team to a 5-0 the sidelines in a white pair of players were in full pads. He said Jones, changing the drills with veteran lefty Jack win against Tennessee. shorts and a tee-shirt. He was had not yet taken a physical subject. It's going to be hard Eckdahl running the first Maliska was hurdling on the w e a r i n g fo o t b a ll exam. to win a position." unit. There is speculation that track team. Transfer flanker cleats -property of the UF "I'm just going to try my In the 115-year history of promising freshman John Gary Bimson was also Athletic Department. best. I'd rather not talk about the UF, there has never been Reaves would take over the working out with the Though the Gators it until it's over," said Davis a Negro on the football team. post after Eckdah said last tracksters. technically signed a pair of quietly, obviously bothered Jones' attitude reflected winter that he wouldn't mind In all, 102 candidates blue chip Negro prepsters this by a small swarm of that of the rookies in camp. playing flanker. reported Monday. They will winter to football reporters. "I don't want "They're chompin' on the Both Reaves and Eckdahl be vying for 22 starting spots scholarships, the young man publicity. I know I'm going bit today," sad 'one veteran uncorked long bombs in what Graves called the was the first to set foot on to have a hard time." writer. "But most will be throughout the drills to some most wide open scramble the Gatro gridiron as the high Jones wants to play gone by the end of the not-so-experienced ends ever. TEPs Jump Ahead'Handily' Tau Epsilon Phi wrapped up a rain delayed handball chanpionship over Pi Lam and opened up a 135 point Orange League lead over Beta Theat Pi. Phi Tau closed the gap a bit on Chi Phi as they won the Blue League handball chanpionship. The Phi Taus now trail the Chi Phis by 89 points. The next sport is golf which will be played in match competition. The Orange and Blue League draw will be held Thursday April 3. Tennis, track and softball will follow in that order. Registration for Independent softball and dormitory handball began Monday. The deadline for entering a team in either of these leagues is Tuesday April 8, at 5 p.m. You may register your team in room 229 Fla. Gym or call 392-0581. Four men are required for dorm handball and 10 men are required for softball. All equipment will be furnished by the intramural department. The Intermural Department is in need of softball umpires. Games will be played at 4:45 pm. until Daylights Saving Time at which time games will be played at 4:30 and 5:30. Pay will be $2.50 per game. All signups must be in person at the Intramural Office room 229 Fla Gym. An umpire's rules meeting will be held 7:30 PM. in room 224 Fla. Gym on Thursday April 10. PHOTO HDQTRS FORART & JOURNALISM STU DENTS!1 1232 W. UNIV. CAMEA SHOPS 3765 v F 7675 I FIND YOUR PLACE IN A FLORIDA FRATERNITY "Rake in te rewards f being FILE a Greek RUSH Is going on NOW ____ I I 

PAGE 17

Wednesday, April 2, 1969, The Florida Alligator, Page 17 Grades Ground Jumper Jourdan The nation's No. 1 high jumper may be setting marks in his specialty but he's not doing the same in the classroom. UF's Ron Jourdan, currently rated the nation's top high jumper and NCAA indoor record holder, has, for the moment, flunked out of school, the Alligator learned Tuesday. Jourdan participated in nearly 20 indoor invitational meets on the national circuit this winter and was frequently forced to miss classes. "Right now, Ron's ineligible to participate because he is not in school," explained his high jump coach, Don Hester. "He's trying to find out now what he can do to get back in." The slender junior, who has gone 7-foot-2 for the best jump of the current season, sat out a Gator triangular meet Tuesday against University of Richmond and Hamilton College. "incomplete" grade last quarter, He said he hopes he can make it up soon so that he can participate in the upcomin According to Hester, Jourdan has to make up a biology test on which he received an Karate Dojo In Southern Open Tourney Gainesville's Universal Karate Dojo will compete at the 1969 Southern Open Karate Tournament Saturday in Decatur,Ga. The group, composed mainly of UF students and faculty, is led by Black Belt Dirk Mosig. Team Captain Mosig took a third place at the Tennessee Open Championships last Saturday. The Gainesville Karate Club has taken 75 trophies in major tournaments eince June 1967. JOURDAN TIMES MEET 1.while ineligible to jump UF SEC Tops In Rebounding Florida's Gators grabbed 1,304 rebounds during the 26-game regular season while Kentucky's Wildcats latched 1,296 to take the rebounding championship of the SEC with an average of 50.3 to 49.6 LSU finished third with 46.0, then Georgia with 45.5 and Vanderbilt 44.8. Your Hair's Too Long! DE'LROIT Kenneth Meyers, ranked No. 1 on the Wayne State University tennis team, says he's been told by his coach to either shave or scram. A 22-year-old psychology major, Meyers has grown a beard. Athletic Director Vern Gale says a no-beard rule is general policy for athletes and that Meyers "has elected not to be on the team." Marvin Atlas, 23, chairman of the Commission on Student Government at Wayne, has taken up Meyers' case and says they are contemplating legal actions based on the first and 14th Amendments, and may sue for damages. KARATE JOIN THE ACTION AT UNIVERSAL KARATE DOJO, THE SCHOOL OF CHAMPIONS -OVER 75 TROPHIES WON IN TWO YEARS! A NEW COURSE FOR BEGINNERS STARTS AT 224 WEST UNIVERSITY AVE. TODAY AT 6:00 P.M. UNDER THE INSTRUCTION OF DIRK MOSIG, 3rd DAN B L A C K B E L T CHAMPION. SECTION 1 WILL MEET AND SECTION 2 on T Th, 6:00 -8:00 P.M. FOR INFORMATION CALL 378-4126. Florida Invitational in two weeks Even if the trackster, who has made national headlines throughout the season, does manage to pass the test, he must * The Gator track team romped to a lopsided win against University of Richmond and Hamilton College in a triangular meet Tuesday afternoon on the UF track. The UF won all but one hurdle event as Coach Jimmy Carnes gave his regulars either the day off or stuck them in unfamiliar events to take the meet handily. Joe Schiller won the 100-yard dash and ran a leg of the winning 440-yard relay. Irishman Eamonn O'Keeffee and Roger Carson took the 220 in 21.5. John Morton came out on top in the discus with a toss of 170 feet. Your Generator OVERHAULED Soecil $ 50 ALACHUA COUNTY GENERATOR SERVICE 500 NW Ith AV, GAINESVILE MON. FRI8 A PASAT.FL5PM then petition to get back into school for the spring quarter which started Monday. "Ronnie was keeping up such a heavy travel pace that it was bound to catch up with him," said Hester. "We're hoping he can work everything out. It would be a tragedy for such talent to go to waste." A 6-foot-l junior from Pensacola, Jourdan jumped over seven feet in 16 meets since the indoor season began in December. The weekend meets kept him 'far away from the classroom in such cities as Washington D.C., Baltimore, New York City and Columbus, Ohio. Frank Betz won a surprising 2-mile race in 9:42.8. Scott Hurley topped the pole vault field with a jump of 14-feet-6. Squad 6 Batgirls At Game Today Gator Batgirls Squad No. 6 is s c h e d ulIe d f o r the UF-Connecticut baseball game today at 3 p.m. All eight girls will be expected to be at the baseball diamond by 2:30 in uniform. Anyone with scheduling problems please contact Sue Franklin. M iller-Brown ONE MILE NORTH OF THE IVALL A UTHORIZED 376-4552 DEALER WEDNESDAY SEAFOOD SPEtIAL BLUE WATER CLAM DINNER -97 1225 W. UNIV. AVE. /2ABLOCK from CAMPUS SLA apartments WORTH WAITING FOR 1500 northwest 16th avenue Professional Management by Ernest Tew Reelty, Inc. It's our trademark and your key to creative, fine styling. "Clean scene" casual sport clothing is our thing, for those who can dig it. Hang Ten can be purchased at most fine stores everywhere, write or phone IR.I.S. and we'll tell you where. Mark Martinson, former U.S. Surfing champion, wears the striped toot shirt, $7 sod beach tronks, $8. Hang-Tent 2en W. i.s 225 W. UNIV. UF Track Team Wins Ti-Meet MUST PETITION TO ENROLL -1 6,774 

PAGE 18

P~a 18, Te Floria Afigsar, Wdnday, AprN 2,1969 UT TAKES 2 OUT OF 3 GAMES Tennessee Beats Gators 6-2 By MARC DUNN Alligator Sports Editor Tennessee swung past the bumbling UF Gators Tuesday 6-2 to take two out of the three game series. The Vols collected six runs on 12 hits and four errors, while the Gators scored their two runs with three hits and committed three errors. UT Centerfielder Sam Ewing led off the fourth inning with a bases empty home run. Phil Garner hit a single aid later scored. Ewing led the Vol attack again in the eigth inning by doubling home Norman Pratt and then scoring on Garner's bunt. UF's runs came in the sixth inning with pitcher Larry Sheffield reaching base on an error. Guy McTheny walked and Leon Bloodworth was safe on a fielders choice, scoring Sheffield. Mike Jacobs, pitchhitting, got on a fielders' choice scoring McTheny. UT's Mike Duvall got the win, and Sheffield the loss. The Gators got their two runs without getting a hit. UF plays at home again today against Connecticut in the first of a two game series at 3 p.m. UF is now 10-7 on the season and 3-2 in the Southeastern Conference, UT is 8-6 on the season. UT -000 200 031-6 UF -000 020 000-2 BOOUDTVU I U E S I E SAGGED during Tuesday's game with University of Tennessee Experience Helps Henry Win NationalA airlines Open (UPI) -Bunky Henry figures casual approach to the game and higher than his 41st at Pensacola all those hours he spent kicking it slowed his progress. and won only $1,458 in this, his footballs helped him win that Now, though, since it's his first, year as a touring pro, $40,000 golf check the other livelihood, I think he'll settle credits fellow pro Billy Maxwell day. down and win like he's capable with helping him to win at The way Bunky -his real of winning." Maimi. name is George -sees it, there's Another Bunky Henry "Billy's always believed in a lot of similarity between being booster is his former football me," said Bunky. "He offered to a placekicking specialist -which coach, Bobby Dodd. help and, boy, and I glad he did!* he was -and being a "Bunky is a clutch player," "He's been helping me a great professionalgolfer -which he is. the Georgia Tech Athletic deal with my putting. It started "In both cases," says Bunky, director said. "He proved that at Jacksonville the week before "you've got to keep your head when he kicked field goals and Miami. I was hitting the ball down, keep your eye on the ball extra points with 60,000 people well, but my putting was and follow through." screaming. horrible. I simply could not The football led him to He's a strong boy. He'll be make a putt. Georgia Tech where he set an hitting eight irons like Nicklaus "Billy got me in a little more NCAA record by kicking 50 and Palmer where players are upright position and moved my consecutive extra points. hitting four irons." hands out some from my body The golf, highlighted But Dodd, a realist, pointed so now I don't have as much previously by his winning the out that he did not expect the wrist action." Canadian Open as an amateur, 25-year-old Henry to do so well Bunky made it to the hit a new peak last Sunday when so quickly interview tent as an early leader he won the $200,000 National "A lot of good young golfers at Pensacola a couple of weeks Airlines Open at Miamilike Bunky go out on the tour ago. "When he was about 8, he every year," Dodd ftid. "Only At that time, his goal was to used to follow his dad and me one out of 25 or 50 make win enough to escape having to around the course," recalled his enough money to stay out qualify on Mondays and get a uncle, noted amateur golfer Billy there." chance to spend a little time "Dynamite" Goodloe. "We got Bunkv, who had finished no with his family. him some clubs and soon he was going along with us.V "The game always came easy for him," Goodloe said. "It Climb aboard came so easy, he didn't have to The S.S. Winnjammer practice much. He had a too a o : Meals served from 11: 00 AM to Students Midnight ArtStS Draftsmen A store full ofOffice Supplia bernie Sher atsshaOrgan / most at 50% to 75% Discount S r Such As: Thursday, Friday & Saturday 25 jPa n s nColor ..5 20 oPencils 6H to66.5itOysters & clams on the half shell 29 A Ball PointPens 2 for 29 t Michelob on draft Mm Steaks & Seafoods our Specialty Memo Books & Binders. ..price Plastic Report Covers price Visit our Package Store competitive area Analysis Pads & Sheets I pnce prices -Try our Special package deal $2.35 Paper box card files for Student Organizations. for 3" x 5" cards now 95 A At the sign of the beacon light. Cocktail Lounge til 2 AM Harry Lawton, Manager 520 S.W. 2nd Ave. J TENNESSEE AB H Rt RAI Long 2b Walkney ph Pratt lb Ewing ef Garner rf Campbell 3b Whelan ph Mondelli cf Kinard ss Petrella c Duvall p 2 2 0 0 2 0 0 0 S0 10 2 3 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 3 4 3 4 4 UF AB H McTheny ss 4 0 Bloodworth 2b 3 0 Gruber cf 2 0 Jacobi cf 2 0 T.lingtson rf 3 0 Ovea C 4 1 Wrigh A3b 3 0 Lujack lb. 3 0 williams If 1 0 Courier If 3 1 Sheffield p 3 Kahn p 15 R 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 RBI 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Hurry Only 2 days left to enter Gator Gras '69 STf A-K *v 5 N $1 KE Student Special (With The Coupon) Our Regular 88t Steakburger Luncheon And Any 15C Drink $1.03 Value Only 854 ,lustax Steak n' Shake 1610 S. W. 13th St. Gainesville Molly's Blooming Iris "I love leather all kinds of it that buttery soft suede that he wears that I never could resist touching and how it kept me so warm that night when he had the top down and wed driven and driven and I saw the sky so fantastic through my Revlon lashes the slivers of clouds kept trying to tie together to hide the moon shine I didn't even care the way my hair was blowing crazy I just slumped lower into the wrinkled leather seat and watched how he controlled the car everything was so good and beautiful I wished I could keep it all like this inside me so I told him how I felt I just turned to him and smiled and looked up raising my Revlon lashes slowly he dug it he likes my eyes more now I know even though my real lashes weren't bad but now I've been wearing these un-phoney Revlon eyelashes that anyone even me could put on because they're ready to wear you don't have to do anything just remember to take them off because they feel so natural I guess Revlon really knows about eyes because if he knows I'm wearing them he never says anything about it and can he ever go on about something when he wants to like tonight when he came by and was ranting. about how apathetic this campus is and I laughed at his seriousness and he didn't like it much but then he laughed and I told him about how I had gotten locked cut of the apartment with just my slip on and how it must have looked to those old maids across the way when I crawled in through the window and then we both really laughed and then I. asked him with my Revlon lashes stop he asked me stop now and I said stop here and I moved next to him and put my arm around his shoulders so that I would be close enough to put my head on his shoulder stop and I moved closer and I said stop here and he stopped and I ordered the cheeseburgers to go." Better stop in at Campus Shops and Bookstore and get Revlon Eyelashes quick! 'I C t Kiser's Office Equipment 604 N. Main Street m I 

PAGE 19

F Smashes Indy -o In Net Match Gator Netters swept past the University of Indiana Tuesday I ootbaI Tube Time Scheduled NEW YORK -A total of 36 college football games will be televised this year by the American Broadcasting Co., including the annual Florida-Georgia tilt n Jacksonville, Nov. 8. Sept. 13 -Air Force at Southern Methodist, night. Sept. 20 -T exas at California East, West Coast, parts of the Southeast, parts of the Midwest, most of the Southwest; Indiana at Kentucky most of the Midwest, most of the Southeast; Kent State at Ohio U. (Ohio); Arizonadat Wyoming (Rocky Mountains and pars of the Southwest). Sept. 27 -Princeton at Rutgers (East and Maryland); Richmond at VMI (parts of North Carolina, Virginia and West Virginia); Washington at Michigan (West Coast and most of the Midwest); Auburn at Tennessee (most of Southeast); Texas A&M at Nebraska Rocky Mountains, parts of Midwest, all of the Southwest). Oct. 4 -Mississippi at Alabama, night. Oct. 11 -Texas vs. Oklahoma at Dallas. Oct. 18 -California at UCLA. Oct. 25 -Michigan State at Iowa (East, Midwest and West Coast); Auburn at Louisiana State (Southeast); Texas Tech at Sputhern Methodist (parts of Southwest and all of Rocky Mountains); New Mexico at West Texas State (New Mexico, Arizona and part of Texas). Nov. I -Air Force at Army (East, Rocky Mountains and parts of Southwest);Ohio State at Northwestern (Midwest and West Coast; Miami, Fla. at Houston (parts of Texas, all of Florida); Texas A&M at Arkansas (most of Southwest); Louisiana State at Mississippi (most of Southeast). Nov. 8 -Iowa at Indiana (East and most of Midwest) Oklahoma at Missouri (parts of Midwest, Rocky Mountains and Southwest); Florida vs. Georgia at Jacksonville, (Southeast); Stanford at Washington (West Coast). Nov. 15 -Notre Dame at Georgia Tech, night Nov. 22 -Four regional games, to be picked, followed by UCLA vs. Southeren California at Los Angeles, night. Nov. 27 -Texas Tech at Arkansas. Nov. 29 -Army vs. Navy at Philadelphia, followed by Penn State at North Carolina State. Dec. 6 -Texas at Arkansas. ENROLL FOR YOUR STUDENT INSURANCE NOW! March 27-April18 The Premiums are: Student Stu & Spouse Stu, Spouse & Children Stu & children Eligibility: All full-time students (carrying 6 hours). This program will cover you and your dependents whether or not you are in school and during vacations until Sept. 16, 1969. 9-0. Armi Neely downed Canadian Davis Cupper Dave Brown in three sets, 4-6,6-2 and 6-2. Charlie Owens, No. two player, beat Geoff Hodsdon in straight sets 6-1 and 6-1. UF is now 9-1-1 on the season. Their only loss was at the hands of UCLA, ranked second nationally, over the break. The Gators won the other two matches on the west coast over Stanford and Oregon. UF also won against FSU and Southern Illinois in March. Today another home match is scheduled against Amherts. Neely def. Brown 4-6, 6-2, 6-2, Owens def. Hodadon 6-1,6-1, Pressly def. Parsons 6-1,6-3, Beeland def. Snively 6-3, 6-3, Hilley def. Meis 6-3, 9-7, and Lunetta def. Schumaker 8-6, 6-3. In doubles matches Neely and Beeland def. Brown and Parson 6-3, 6-1, Owens and6Hilley def. Hodadon and Mets 7-5, 6-4 and Premsly -and Lunetta def. Snively and Spence 6-1,1 6-1. Anniversary The 5 5th w e d d i n g anniversary is traditionally known as the Emerald Anniversary. Funny The Funny Cars return this weekend, as the dragw under the lights Saturday nig One of the very few wo Della Woods, will be wheelil Dodge Charger, hailing from hemi-powered racer 1200-horsepower using nitro Miss Woods opponent ani of Richmond, Virginia, will II, "The 11th Commandmen Under construction for n 1lth Commandment" prom fastest Funnies in the nati powers the flip-top funny, at of 180 mph in just over sever One of the youngest Fu Gainesville Dragway ready for first night drags Cars Drag Saturday to Gainesville Dragway nation, Atlanta's Scotty Scott, will be on hand in 'ay hosts its first show his hemi-powered Funny Jeep, making exhibition ht. runs throughout the meet. men Funny Car pilots, The Funny Car show will be staged in a best two ng her "Funny Honey" out of three match race. A full program of racing is Pontiac, Michigan. Her also sladed, with a special Round Robin Stock produced over Eliminator booked also. -methane for fuel. Rich Bennett returns to the 'fast path' this week d arch-rival Ed Burnett, in a new injected 427 Dragster, a Bo Laws debute his new Chevy Automotive production. I. Saturday's time trials begin at 5 pn. and run sore than a year, "The until 8, with the first round of Funny Cars ises to be one of the assaulting the quarter mile strip at 8:30 sharp. on. A 427 'rat motor' General admission is $3.00 for this special show, training speeds in excess with children under 12 free with adult. Gainesville n seconds. Dragway is located 3-h miles north of the Municipal nny Car drivers in the Airport on State Road 225. IBOBBIE HALTER Nina's designers play with unusual shapes and great colors all day long-so you always get the liveliest shoe styles around. All fun and no drudgery make Nina the happy ending shoe! 1127 W. University Ave. You May Pick Up Brochures And Enrollment Forms From The Places Listed Below Or Mail Them To McGriff-Scarborough & Assoc. INFIRMARY STUDENT GOVERNMENT OFFICE McGRIFF-SCARBOROUGH & ASSOC. 376-8393 -537 N.E. 1st ST. Sponsored by Student Government 9 the ha py en g s 

PAGE 20

P 20, The Florida Alligator, Wednesday, April 2 1969 Pa 39-20971 AV -i W V Va NEWS 392-2097' i ENTERTAINMENT -THIS WEEK -ENTERTAINMENT 1. VICE MRTIN The sensation from Miami-All week March 31-April 5 Don't miss the only full-week show for this quarter The "RAT" Lives The Rathskeller is starting it's second quarter .and it's going to be better than ever. Thanks to many helpful suggestions from all of you we're going to make a few changes. After this week (with the fabulous Vince Martin) the Rat will have no entertainment charge for Monday-Tuesday or Wednesday nights. That's right it's going to be free-free-free. You can just drop in, catch a cool one and enjoy the place. Monday nights this quarter will be COLLEGE night We will honor different colleges every Monday night and all faculty and students of these colleges will get a special discount Anything goes, you can get up your own entertainment or whatever. On Tuesdays we will have dorm night The same thing goes for the dorms. You can get your own entertainment, singers, skits or anything else. And a discount for the featured dorms too. Don't worry, we plan both men and women dorms on the same night, so there will be plenty of people to mix with. Wednesday nights will be greek night After chapter meetings we'll honor different Frats and Sororities each Wed. night with a discount and FREE popcorn. Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights will be entertainment as usual -in great Rathskeller style. This quarter we're going to have some really great acts. The Ewing Street Times will be back and a great new group, "The Mustache Five" from Atlanta, and many more. Plus great talent from the community. If you didn't get around to coming to the Rat last quarter, don't make the same mistake again. "Meet you at the Rat" Wed. TONIGHT Wed. Spaghetti Dinner 97( Spaghetti, Garlic Bread and Salad Remember when this is what the "RAT" looked like 6 months ago. Ain't progress wonderful Membership Card? No membership CARD is ever required during the day except for bar service. Everybody can land should) eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner at the Rathskeller. You do have to be a member or guest of a member to get bar service and to get in after 8:00 on Thur.-Fri.-Sat. nights when the entertainment starts. So don't listen to rumors E at lunch or just drop into the Rathskeller during the day -no membership required. Reservations For All Got a group that wants to get together in the afternoo or evening for a meeting or just to hoist a few co( ones? Make sure you all get a seat -call for reserve tions. You can reserve for up to 220 people. On Monday nights we have a chicken special for $1.05. On Saturday night we feature a t-bone steak special with all the trimmings for $2.75 and of course our spaghetti special every Wednesday for $ .97. Talent Scouts Don't be left out. When your college, dorm, or fraternity or sorority is honored on their "night" at the Rat, be sure you entertain them. Singers, dancers, actors. You don't even have to contact us, Just be there on "your" night -and have some fun. BUD, BUSCH, SCHUTZ, MICHELOB AND LOWENBRAU ON TAP plus 8 or 10 more imported Beers in Bottles. Between classes, after classes, or anytime after 11:30 A.M. It's going to be a really warm summer. Cool it at the Rat. Get your membership card and you don't have to depend on a friend. Meet you at the "RAT" T.G.l.F. "Happy Hour" Every Friday from 2:00-6:00 P.M. this is where it's at. Reduced prices on Beer (5 for $1.00) and what a ball. Plenty of male (and Female) TGI F'ers. Make it your regular stop on Friday afternoons. Everybody else does. n aCRAT IS COMING I MEMO .-L TADVERTISEMENT V / E T P 4 : EMET U. OF .FACULTY CLUB INC. t1L 1L1lR I -, 
