
PAGE 1

volume 74, no. 103 wednesday, april 1, 1981 Campus parking costs up, bus prices down By Michael Szymanski Alligator Staff Writer Come May 1982, UF students will pa one-third more for campus parking decals than they do now, but bus passes will be one-third cheaper. Administrative Affairs Vice President William Elmore Mondav decided to hike future semester-long decal prices even higher than was recommended to him by the Campus Planning Assembly and the Parking and Transportation Committee. The two groups had wanted one-semester decal prices raised by about 30 percent. But Elmore went over their heads and upped that figure slightly to put it in line with recommended annual decal price increases. He cut all bus pass prices by 33-percent to encourage mass transportation use. Elmore cited the semester switch and higher parking administration and maintenance costs as reasons for even further raising decal prices. He called the higher rates "fair." (See chart page two.) Parking and Transportation Committee Chairman Joseph Wattleworth said the committee "had no say" after Elmore decided on the increases. Elmore has direct responsibility, for final approval of parking decal prices, Wattleworth said. With Elmore's decision, single semester decals will cost more than clecals good for two semesters. "My main reason for making the changes," explained Elmore, "is that some of the semester prices were cheaper than half of the annual prices, and we would lose more money by people buying two semester decals rather than one annual decal." For example, the planning assembly had proposed that official business decals would cost $16 per semester and $40 per year. Elmore feared that most people would buy two one-semester decals and save themselves $8 Ang tbst much out of UF parking coffers. nI+ iditin, eonhmtetrs whuWiuild buy two .parate semester decals would cause additional expensive paperwork. So Elmore made all semester decal prices at least half that of annual decal prices. "This way, more people may stay during the summer, too, and take advantage of the cheaper annual prices for parking," Elmore said. The official business decal price goes from the recommended $s16 per semester to $20 per semester. The annual price remains $40 -$110 more than the current price. Restricted decals will cost $16, instead of the advised $14. The annual price will be $32. Now it is $24. tn bods Reserved spaces at the Miller Health Center, now $60, will cost $80 per semester A one-year pass will cost $160 -$34 more than the current rate. to ow O"UtSsi'Dcals' Pete Sparks, "the tintitled dean fAm &0e o fightingg" ships the championship pit bull tre ea, riars he breeds, like the one above, all ove r the world Chickens, mules, rabbitsand a pony page two also keep the longtime breeder company on his Bradford County farm, See related story page G r h m stie id n Graham: strife-ridden prisons need guard pay hike By David Geurevitch AlligtorStaff Writer Editor's Note: This is the first of a series on issues before the 1981 Florida Legislature, which convenes Tuesday in Tallahassee. Gov. Bob Graham is asking the Florida legislature to invest a recordbreaking $214 million into the sate's troubled prison system to hike guard salaries, to increase staff and to ease overcrowded conditions. Graham -stinging from critical national publicity on Florida's prisons -expects to present a prison budget package that will pay for two new prisons and a 22-percent increase in guard salaries. The Department of Corrections wants to put one of those prisons in crimeplagued Dade County, a move that has been pushed by North Florida legislators. Several have been angry at what they perceive as housing South Florida's criminals in North Florida prisons. Bradford County is the home of Florida State Prison -Florida's maximum security prison -and Union Correctional Institution. Despite the strife over prison overcrowding, legislators are pushing bills that would probably put more people in jail by imposing minimum mandatory sentences. The proposed budget allocates $4 million to pay 116 new prison guards, 68 mental health workers, and 129 parole and probation officers. In addition to the $214 million, the budget includes a $42 million constructin program and more than $12 million to raise prison guards' salaries by $2,325, about 22 percent. .ee'PrOeo'e the Independent florida E Utor mmmmmemmammm. 

PAGE 2

2. alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981 DECAL PRICES (annual) Current Price from 9/1/81 from 5/1/82 to5/1/82 to5/1/83 Commuter and Dormitory $12/year $12 $16 Official Business Decal $30 $28 $40 Restricted parking $24 $23 $32 Motorcycle $3 $5 $5 Reserved space for $126 $110 $1b health center Bus Pass $6 $12 $9 Decals continued said the main reason for both groups' recomfrom page one mendations was to meet the budget. He said tDecal prices from August 1981 through the campus traffic and parking auxiliary May 1982 will be slightly lower than current department could not handle expenses annual prices because they'll be valid for onwithout the increases. Iy nine months, thanks to the semester Half the $253,542 decal revenue collected switch. But motorcycle decals, now $3, will last year financed the campus shuttle buses. cost $5 starting August 1. Almost 20 percent went to salaries of traffic But Elmore cut the annual bus pass from officers and checkpoint guards, 9 percent the proposed $ 12 to $8 and from the proposwas spent on printing maps and permits, and ed $6 to $4 a semester. He said he did that to 9 percent covered administration overhead. encourage bus use. The rest went to travel expenses and parking Academic Affairs Assistant Vice President lot improvements, mostly resurfacing. Gerald Schaffer said Elmore carefully Decal prices remained unchanged for nine reviewed the two committees' recommendayears, said Burrows, so the increase is "long tions and decided some prices needed to be overdue. higher to discourage commuters from misus"The cost-of-living adjustments in salaries ing decals. He said the committees originally and inflation of costs have forced us to finaldecided on low semester prices because "it ly raise the decal prices," Burrows said. seemed unfair to charge a student for a term Parking and Traffic Committee member and a summer when he is staving only one Julian Smith said he thought (fecal prices semester." should be even higher in order to force cornLee Burrows, acting parking coordinator, muters to use alternative transportation. JUST SOME OF OUR GREAT WATERPROOF PACKS. 20 DIFFERENT STYLES TO CHOOSE FROMWITH LIFETIME GUARANTEES WE'VE GOT THE ONE TO FIT YOUR NEEDS. ALEN'S AQUATIC AND TRAIL CEmNER C. UNIV. AVE. & 34TH ST. MON-FRI 9-8 SAT 9-6 SEierra Ch, ,b, In 1892, John Muir began his fight to save wilderness. we're carrying on the battle. U I I NI / the independent florid alligator accepting applications for the following positions this week: Photographer News writers/Feature writers Copy Editors Gain valuable experience at one -of the nation's top five college daily newspapers. Please stop by The Alligator Offices, located at 1728 W. University Ave, behind. The Olde College Inn. I I b r p tl g EMMMM Contact the College of Medicine 392-3711 I did. And my life is almost ack to normal because of it. )ver 20,000 people like me have eceived successful kidney translants from people like you. It's he most valuable gift you'll ever ive. Correction Because of a typesetting error, history in The Alligator Tuesda\ concerning anew Gainesville meter reading firm I isted an incorrect pric'. Meter Action charges $ 19.95 to check electric meters whether they're proven accurate or not. It charges $5 extra to check water meters. Weather Today's forecast: cloudy with i chance of showers and a few thunderstorms, beconing partly cloudy tonight. Lows in the mid 60s (17-20 Cl, highs in the mid 80s (28-30 C). Rain probability 20 percent tonight. 

PAGE 3

alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981, 3 Administrators: freshman parking ban would just aggravate problem |m >" By Adam Yeomans Alligator Staff Writer Top UF administrators said Tuesday a proposed freshman parking ban would further "aggravate" UF's current parking woes. One said the ban would be a "disincentive" for potential freshmen to attend UF. "I hope it can be reconsidered," said UF Academic Affairs Vice President Robert Bryan. "It's a disincentive for f reshmen." Monday, the UF Camr'as Planning Assembly recommended the ban -which would prohibit freshmen from parking on campus -begin perhaps as soon as fall semester. The ban comes on the heels of a citywide parking ban that wiped out 3,000 parking slots on the outskirts of campus March 16. At a Tuesday morning staff meeting, UF administrators disagreed with the planning assembly's rationale that cutting freshman parking would alleviate UF's severe parking crunch. "It's not going to solve the problem," said UF Administrative Affairs Vice President William Elmore. "It's going to aggravate a lot of other problems." Other administrators agreed problems would fester if the ban were implemented. They pointed to areas such as dormitories and off-campus parking being affected adversely if the proposed ban goes into effect. Bryan said the pending expansion of several other state universities to full fouryear institutions could cause freshmen to look away from UF to other schools that offer parking. As a result, freshman enrollment would go down, as would the demand for dorm space, he said. UF Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen said although UF has almost twice as much dorm space as any other state universit, the proposed parking ban is "something we should not play around with." Until 1974, UF would not allow freshmen to park their cars on campus, Elmore said. And as a result, freshman quotas were not filled before 1974, he said. When freshman parking was allowed, the quotas filled up and "have been filled ever since," Elmore said. UF Executive Vice President John Nattress has final approval on the proposed bill, but says he has not received the planning committee's official recommendation yet. "We couldn't put it into effect that quickly," Nattress said of the committee's urging to start theban fall semester. Since current freshman (lorm contracts sa freshmen can park on campus, the soonest the ban would start probably would be January 1982, Nattresssaid. Several UF freshmen agreed the ban wouldn't solve UF's parking impasse. If the ban alreadyv had been in effect fall quarter 1980, Tom Bolev probably would have left his Volkswagen home. "It's such a hassle," Boley, a Murphree -Hall resident, said of the proposed ban. "I probably wouldn't have brought up my car. Graham Hall resident Michelle Bono said she does not own a car and the ban would not have affected her decision to come to UF. Bono said, however, her friends have a difficult time finding parking spots on campus, especially after the commuter lot fills up. Ice cream couple Jane Grant and Chauka Fleming enjoy the sun and ice cream as they relax near campus. Doctors say Reagan joking; healing quickly By Robert Bertolott. Alligator Staff Writer One surgeon whose hands literally were a heartbeat away from President Reagan was jubilant Tuesday when he spoke of his star patient's growing strength and fast recuperation. "I saw him (the President) just a few minutes before a briefing this morning and basically he's doing outstanding," said Dr. Joe Giordano, one of the key surgeons who operated on Reagan to remove the bullet from his lung. A gunman identified by police as John Hinckley Jr. fired six shots at Reagan and his entourage Monday afternoon as they were leaving the Washington Hilton Hotel to go to his limousine. Reagan was plugging his economic recovery program to leaders of the building and construction trade just before the shooting. Giordano, who said he was "a bit of a neophyte" in dealing with the unexpected media blitz he received after the surgery, said Reagan's recovery "should be just fine. Even after taking such a gunshot wound to the chest, he's quite alert." The weapon used, a .22 caliber "Saturday Night Special," ironically was bought on the same street in Dallas, Texas, where President John F. Kennedy was assassinated 18 years and five months ago, police said. Reagan, meanwhile, had very little sleep after awakening from a three-hour emergency operation Monday afternoon. Doctors continued to observe his condition throughout the night. Despite the doctors' vigil, Reagan resumed control of the government from a Washington, D.C., hospital bed. "If Il'd gotten this much attention in Hollywtxl, I would have stayed," Reagan joked with his medical team. Reagan's personal physician, Dr. Daniel Ruge, waited until about noon Tuesday to tell the president the news that his press secretary, James Brady, a Secret Service agent and a Washington, D.C., police officer had been seriously shot during the brief burst of gunf ire outside the hotel. "Oh damn, h damn," the president said as he learned the news about Brady, who remained in critical condition Tuesday evening with-a bullet wound in his head. "Oh dear, we must pray," Reagan said as his eyes welled with tears. 4eagan was not told earlier because his medical condition then still was uncertain. Deputy press secretary Lairry Speakes said four White House staff members went to the George Washington University Hospital Tuesday morning to see the president. The men found Reagan sitting up and brushing his teeth, whereupon the chief executive quipped ". .I always heal fast." His apparently unruffled attitude was broken for an instant when political aide Lyn Nofziger told Reagan the government was running just line without him. The presilent responded, "What makes you think I'd be happy about that?" Reactions in Washington ranged from incredulity to outrage as people learned of the attempted assassination. One Washington lobbyist for the Florida Department of Education was amazed at "how fast the news travels in this town." "I was on (Caritol) Hill when it happened and could watch what was happening from TV sets in some Congressman's office," said lobbyist Steve Sauls. "The feelings in the Capitol were a mixture of shock, surprise and sadness. "We were discussing the budget cuts for post-secondary education and all of a sudden it was like the time John Kennedy got shot. It became very somber and quiet on the Hill," Sauls said. Another Washington resident, attorney RandyBellows, said the public only sees a slice of the event through the television camera lens. "Any time vou see an assassination on TV, the background picture is strange for people who don't live in the city. This event was so strange and the crime so bizarre because I had passed that hotel so many times before," said Bellows, a former Alligator editor. United Press International contributed to"this report. Downed computers hold up financial aid By Ion Johnson Alligator Staff Writer Students treking to Anderson Hall for financial aid had an unpleasant surprise waiting for them Tuesday -the computers were on the blink. The computer systems at the Northeast Regional Data Center, which is the center for most UF computers, closed down for about an hour Tuesday because they could not be kept cool. The delay forced many students to make a return visit or to wait longer than usual for computer printouts. Student Financial Affairs Director Doug Turner said an increased number of. student applications for government loans also helped lengthenthe lines. Turner estimate that an additional 5,000 students at UF applied for the federally insured loans this year because of relaxed regulations, which released an extra $10 to $12 million. To disburse the extra money, Turner said he hired 25 extra part-time student employees to help the two regular staffers. "I've been waiting for quite a bit to get a printout on my records. There's no one in front of me though," said freshman Bob Denham. But many students didn't seem bothered by the shutdown. "It seems ito be running pretty smooth except, of course, for the usual runaround," said sophomore Michael Bush. Turner said the computer problem arose during a slack quarter. "It's like A Sunday picnic compared to the last two quarters," Turner said. "By now, most of the individual problems are ironed out." *Tu="v r"mmme"" etri Dirnctor Doug TUdt*iW 

PAGE 4

4. alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981 united press luteruatienal Hinckley fits pattern of assassin They are quiet, slightly overweight vounag men more familiar with guns than with girls. they walk unnoticed through their formative years and drift through early adulthooa never completing anything then start. 'tha' run away frona their problems ma responsibilities, blaming lailutre after failure on aa unjust systema, perfidious friends or usCCII demons. Finally the can bear lailure no longer and dcide to shoot soaMaaaa at unquestionable access. Sataral psychiatrists interviewed bs 1 'Tusda said th abtv patteraa may fit John Warnock Itincklat Jr. the wolld-bc A attssin of President Reagan. ''Tha president is a ideal target of these popI because aabltt will ae able to ignore their assassination attempt said \aaka Tellegen, a Unersits oft Miesot a psychologist wh'lo paait / 5itapersonalits assa ssm ent. Al'ciaat assassination attempts ias at b aaa'a alpoliticalb i toaai attd.'aal T\ aa aaaabe t acts that stem f rom serious psa ahoIagica alistatrbances. These are people ,%hoat t ar ot so hl rb tatat Ihat th dant knoas Ihows to a i a a g a tll 'ta s it. It ll asi \brathatasa at tat 'sas'ork, tho exam ed ISon o "tat killer Dat id Berkosit/ aal nd ahoahasiblshd a stud () I ii kilrsta presidents, saia altaaghIha'has notacataaindIat iIkit i' astatalal sa'tpecilate about som applaratt indicators tat taartal p'rsonalit. la' tartastled[thastccessaof Ilincklat tat' at itI it aaaim kla'a th so' II a'ki 's tladr w-%ias tar\ saaccesstl, compeliie,an tttbt-.aaccording ta .\bralams', v while the son, ) tth cthA r hand, was not. The son changed his course of study from business administration -something his Oil a'x''tiVa father could appreciate -to arts and sciences, something his father could not. The soi then dropped out of college. Abrahasen adicated it is almost as il th sot recognized t couldn't n astre ta to his fatlhtr. "Remember, the president is th father of ot r country, ta a sense. "At the ars least, the president Is the symbol of lass' il this coI IItrI-\. a'peratatsoha kills go\sa'raanmt Itat tallicia Is reaaity Atalt like to sos a Itpeopat that thesacaltaa't. can do mtlaing 'accomplished th tIl(. \%h,(-wr(-not nobod\ .licillk hits Ja rebel'liouISne(SS igamllSt the Abrahamasen said John ilkes Boothe, assassin of Prasident \abralam Li -ol t as similar i sonc rspects.T tat psychiatrist said Boothe asit a laildactor ho n v race ed the c-itiCal "at' claim thatI ltats l tttat '-alsoanactor did. Almost all of these people araa't'sa' iagl farlstaratd. 'teta go throt gh intense internal conflict and ths basa a Iloss of sel estet tat a here aret t aI'ps of killers. I thos ols iouslt iggressia'. Itos l. I illed ith hate. o erambitioas. And t t the other side h s tat ta' s ithdarawa rasars 'at. stat .\'rs .a art sl\. "It is ataong those people (Ile latter) tlat ound people who ar' COtsideredt alaamost childlike, ptartictalarlhotict and a. ithdrawn.,. As ptare s 'C'latioa I linckle he said, is the lat tr.a \ person a tt''has all intense latas lite Mid da dreams. J 4 abasta'ationas tt ancelataa sarika' alans. Nina' na'mbaa's dthat atpaartic'ipaate' in the vote, which Solidarits' sources called a triumph far "common sense." The vote upheld Walest's decision to suspend the strike that had threatened to push Poland to the brink of what many' feared would have been civil strife and, possibly, Soviet intervention. The session was storm with Walesa, the hero of the Polish labor movement, finding himself th target of bitter criticism by hardliners. Another murder victim identified ATL'ANTA -The mud-caked, nearly adea O tf a young black child pulled from a river was identified 'ruesdays as that of 13-year-old Timothy Hill, the latest victim in this city's unsolved string of 23 murdered or naissing children. Dr. John Feegel, assistant Fulton County medical examiner, said after completion of an autopsv that the youth had been asphyxiated, 'suffocated, if yOua will ..perhaps ia gentle asphyxiation death." "My own assumption is that he was asphyxiated in some way and then put in the river." Feegel said there was no mutilation nor any signs of sexual abuse on the body but that this alid not rule out a sexual motive in the death. "Little boys in their underwear are in their underwear because someone has probably been fooling around with them, don't you think?" he said. He said identification was made through visual observation, fingerprints and dental records. Hill disappeared March 13 but his name was never added to the list being handled by the special police task force investigating the murders because authorities believed he was a runaway, a supposition denied repeatedly by his mother. He was the 21st child known to have died at the hands of killers,who have left virtually no clues for police to work with. It's not easy to trust someone with your hair and We value your trust. 5o we refuse to cut your hair until we know exactly what You want! Low prices on cuts, perms, highlighting and all your hair beauty needs. No appointment necessary for cuts. We use and recommend '4REDKEN See Us Today For A Quality Cut! Colen' s 373-1195 1628 W. University Ave. Doctors say Brady expected to survive WASHINGTON -White House press secretary Jim Brady, whose survival was in doubt after he was shot through the brain in the attack on President Reagan, is "much improved" and is expected to live, his doctors said Tuesday. "We believe he is going to live," said Dennis O'Teary, George Washington University's dean of clinical affairs, at a White House medical brialing. "We are cautiously optimistic, but we have no idea where ha' is going toend up," he said. All assessments from the hospital Monday were pessimistic. listing his medical outlook as "not good" and his condition as "very critical." But after 4% hours of delicate brain surgery, the doctors were more optimistic, and they Upgraded their prognosis markedly early Tuesdas. ''Mr. Brady is much improved over his initial prognosis," O'L art said. "He is responsive and is msing tle right siaat xhis bady in response to command. We are guarded as to prognosis but his progress so ftar has been extraordinary." t)eputy prass secretary Larry Speakes quoted the president's personal physician; Daniel Ruge, as saying Bradsy was in "serious but improving" condition. 4 Wednesday is Free Pizza Two for One Drinks at the Lou ng 1. J QUALITY Precision Cuts UNISEX nip. I Polish union cancels strike (DANSK, POLAND -The Solidarity labor union canceled a general strike threat Tuesday and accepted a compromise accord with the Communist government during a stormy session in which militants branded Solidarity' leader Lech Walesa a sellout. After ia bitter debate peppered with accusations by both sides, Solidarity's 4t-member national conanittee voted 22-4 with six 

PAGE 5

alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981, 5 Prisons continued from page one The turnover rate among prison guards is 50 prceen statewide. At FSP alone it is 80 percent. Guards at the max imum security prison complain their $l0,300-a-sear staid ting salaries aren't worth the risk of working in a hostile dangerous environment. There were more than 150 assaults on correctional off icef at Florida State Prison last year. One guard was murderer according to the Department of Corrections. But critics of the prison complain that raising salari without improving the quality of guards won't solve the pr blem. John Middleton, a lawyer\for Florida Institutional Lega Services, has sued the prison t6 reduce overcrowding and fi alleged guard brutality. "The core of the problem is correctional officers'attitud towards inmates," Middleton said Tuesday. "I don't think will solve the prison's problems to raise salaries without rai ing standards." Department of Corrections Secretary Louie Wainwrigl wants money to do all that Graham's proposed budget sut gests -except that he wants $39 million more than Grahar was willing to give. State Sen. George Kirkpatrick has an altogether differed plan. The Gainesville Democrat's plan calls for no substai tial budget increases for prisons. Instead, he has propose making Prison Industries private not-for-profit companies The idea is to allow private business in Florida to invest i prison industries -the various pursuits in which prisoner make such items as soap and clothing and do data processing -and run them for a profit. Prison industries then woul not be in competition with the businesses. Inmates would work for less than minimum wage, b would earn a salary for learning trades such as printing an data processing according to Kirkpatrick's bill. The inmate wouldn't receive the money until they left prison. The bill has bipartisan support, as well as backing fro Sen. Joe Carlucci, D-Jacksonville, chairman of the Senal Corrections Committee, Kirkpatrick said. Another bill receiving widespread attention would bar ii mate mothers from keeping their children in prison wit them. About five babies now live with their inmate mothers Florida Correctional Institution at Lowell, a women's prison r -r ~ rs 1, es in Marion County, according to Rep. Chris Meffert. 0The Ocala Democrat said he wants to repeal a two-yearold bill allowing inmate mothers to petition a judge to let al them keep their newborn children in prison. ir Under Meffert's bill, inmate mothers would have to send their children to relatives or, as a last resort, a foster home. es "Prison is no place for a child to grow up," Meffert said. it "It's a very sterile environment for a baby." sIf that makes it easy for babies to get out of prison, another bill before the Legislature will make it harder on inmates ht who try to escape. 9The bill, sponsored by Rep. Fred Lippman, D-Hollywood,. M would mandate that any inmate involved in an escape attempt in which someone was murdered could be charged nt with first-degree murder, under the bill. nCircuit Court Judge R.A. "Buzzy" Green once ordered d Florida State Prison to cut its inmate population to 750 until s. the prison was better staffed. He changed the cap to 900 last n month. rs Last October, he found Florida State Prison so overcrowdig ed that he deemed it "cruel and unusual punishment." Later, d he dismissed escape charges against 10 inmates who cut their way through a fence in broad delight. ut d es m te nth at )n Overcrowding comes as no surprise. In 1970, Florida had fewer than 130 inmates for every 100,0)0 residents. Today there are 200 inmates for every 100,0)0 residents, and the state has grown 40 percent. Part of the increase in inmates comes from longer minimum sentences mandated by the L'gislature. The state's 1979 drug trafficking law, for example, provides mandatory prison sentences of three years for possession of more than 100 pounds of marijuana. "You can't rehabilitate people with minimum sentences," Middleton said. "The type of inmates with 25-year sentences are desperate and will try to escape." RING DAYS Thurs.& Fri., Apr. 2-3 FREE OPTIONS AVAILABLE ON ALL PLUS10$ OFF ULTRIUM RINGS 5$ OFF WITH MONEYBAGS Orders will be taken at the Hub, 9a.m.3p.m. both days. 25$ Deposit Required Campus Skm&Bookstore I-f 'U' v a 

PAGE 6

T-\ I 4~ ~ q C0 1 j 0 gg I 0 ~ O_ 1. C) C % IL1 .1m 1 Ila er iiqjm:*;i U i t 8 .P .0 a i g 1110 9 0 g 0 0 0 0 0 Pr ii I I I OPEPOMM I 

PAGE 7

Student association sues lobbyist for missing $500 YOU A EAT EACH Here's another Frst 'n Best to crce below write the number of sandwiches youwantE out the crossword puzzle, and brIng it to Cick-fil-A e'll ,ve you all the Chick-ffl-A sandwiches you can eat for 1.19 each sandwich. N".EmrS'. GAZL ACROSS:DON 1. First 'n Best boneless 1. The Chick-f-Asandwich is breast of chicken sandwich. '_n Best. 2.Chick---A is sewed piping 2. The Chick-fil-A sandwich is hot on a toasted_ ._ First 'n 3. You'll find a Chick-fl-A 3. Chick-l-Ais the boneless restaurant in a_ __ breast of chicken that's out of mit mmmmmmmmo I. m nt 3L 1A YO yczre ab~ys~er a_ Fill in number youI WhetheryoulI 1-fl toutornotelt L U entitles you to i ckesoanIeach sanwch I OffegOd a thrw& 0Se I Aprll11,1981. sundays. I (er goodat: Oaks Ma l I--E Iy Michael SzymansklI Alligator Staff Writer Pretrial hearings began recently in an attempt to regain $500 that student leaders say was improperly obtained and spent bV a former lobbyist. The Florida Student Association contends its former legislative director O.C. Allen "smooth talked" $500 front a bank teller who oversaw the organization's account in January, 1980. The hearings were in Tallahassee Monday. No trial late has been set. Allen -who has not hired an attorney according to court records -could not be reached for comment. He is no longer an employee of FSA, which represents students at all nine state universities in Florida. In January, FSA filed a suit against Florida Industrial Bank -which holds the group's money. The suit charged that bank officials cashed a $500 check for Allen front the FSA account without following proper bank procedures. FSA Executive Director Will Wallace said last June he had in hand a canceled withdrawal slip for $500 that was signed by Allen. According to FSA rules, either two lobbyists or student body vice presidents who comprise the board of directors -must sign the withdrawal slip. UF crime rate By Dn. McElroy Alligator Staff Writer UF Police Capt. Vernon Holliman says he is "tickled pink." He's happy because UF's crime rate went up only 12.1 percent this year compared with a 21-percent increase in 1979. Those figures come from the 1980 annual crime report released earlier this week by the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. Gainesville and Alachua County didn't fare so well. Their crime statistics placed then fifth in the state with 31.6-percent and 38.6-percenw increases in crime respectively. Topping the list of crime rate increases for the state's nine universities was the University of Central Florida with a whopping 78.4percent increase from 1979 to 1920. The figures released are compared on the basis of seven crimes -murder, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary, larceny and auto theft -known as the FBI crime index. Holliman, who had not yet seen the American Gigolo Night Wednesday Spm-l10pm It's Male Burlesque featuring "The Feel Good Dancers" Rock Happy Hour CHSER2 for 1 Ddnks 5pm-7pm Tuesday thru Friday Tuesday Thru Saturday Bobby Griffen on Piano Weekdays 5-9 Starts at 8:00 pm Nightly Sam Fulton Entertains Tuesday thru Saturday 9-12 at the Lounge Banquet Meeting Space Avilable Call Shirley 376-2221 gliuit n 03 y, opr i, o r FSA representatives said they are keeping a "low profile" out of fear that Allen could file a countersuit against FSA. Before the suit against Allen was filed, Wallace said Allen told him he used the $500 to support two student government campaigns at Florida State University. However, Allen later told the FSA board of directors that he used the money for a scholarship fund in honor of state Sen. Dempsey Barron, D-Panama City. UF Student Body President Erik Melear a member of the FSA board of directors said he cannot determine on what grounds Allen could file a countersuit because the board "did nothing wrong." He said, however, that the board discussed the possibility of a countersuit. "All we want is justification of how the money was spent," Melear said. "Right now we're spending $500 to get $500 back. If we start losing money to get the money back, we probably will not continue." Former Florida State University Student Body President Robert Auslander, a member of the FSA board last year, was tight-lipped because "there could be countersuits" filed by Allen. "But we're 100 percent behind the suit and it seems fairly clean cut," Auslander said. As of Monday, no suits were filed against FSA in Tallahassee. increase slows them other than that he was very pleased. Chief Audie Shuler could not be reached for comment. Gainesville Police Chief Atkins Warren did have something to say about the city's everincreasing crime rate. "I don't feelscomfortable with it. We must reduce our crime," he said. "We shouldn't be in the top ten at all." Warren expressed relief that the city didn't rank any higher, as was expected after a national ranking placed Gainesville in its top ten worst crime cities. "I feel good we are not number one," he said. UCF Police Lt. C.]. Russell cited several reasons for that university's No. I listing for the second straight year. "The growth that is coming this way from Orlando and a high transient population contributes to the high crime rate," he said. Russell said there is a direct correlation between the student enrollment growth and escalating crime. He pointed out that UCF is one of the fastest growing universities in the allinatorwed aved n il 1 I981 7 

PAGE 8

8, alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981 Opitln Still learning Will this country ever learn? For 17 years, it has borne an ever-increasing legacy of murder and assassination. America's citizenry and its leaders continually have been felled and wounded. John F. Kennedy in 1963. Martin Luther King and Robert F. Kennedy in 1968. George Wallace in 1972. Now it has happened again and the people recoiled in horror. This time the flags of the nation came within inches of flying at half mast. The bullet that hit Ronald Reagan entered his left side and deflected off a rib. The missile barely avoided the 70-year-old man's heart. It is a sad commentary that similar violence is hardly a rare occurrence. It happens every day to the less well known. Americans are shooting one another at an alarming rate. In Alachua County, murder increased 80 percent last year. The nationwide murder rate increased 7 percent in the same period. To accomplish this grisly task, Americans have armed themselves to the hilt. There are guns, guns, guns and more guns. Guns to commit crimes. Guns to defend. Americans own 55 million handguns and automatics alone. Only when someone well known is on the receiving end of this violence does the entire nation stop and think. It is prime time to act on this shameful problem. Gun proponents argue Americans have every right to protect themselves. Arm up they say. It's the American way. The loudest voices here belong to the National Rifle Association. But even Reagan, surrounded by the machine gun-toting Secret Service agents, was not protected by this system. Instead, he sits in a hospital recovering from surgery. His wounded press aide, James Brady, lies down the hall, almost certainly stricken with brain damage. Ironically, this is the president the gun lobbyists have found a friend in. Reagan's gun control policy has been similar to his overall philosophy: less government intervention, more local control. In short, he plans to slice the agency that oversees federal regulation of guns. By sticking with this position, Reagan would be violating public opinion and good logic. A recent Gallup poll says 63 percent of Americans favor tighter gun control laws. It is obvious beefing up gun control would keep the weapons out of the hands of criminals. Punishment would only be a secondary line of defense. As Reagan recovers, he should consider changing his gun control position. He would find some uncommon allies. Sen. Edward Kennedy brother of the two slain leaders -has proposed a bill that would ban the. sale, import and manufacture of small handguns. And it is a small handgun -the infamous Saturday Night Special variety -that was used by Reagan's assailant. Kennedy's bill, coupled with strong gun registration and usage laws, would undoubtedly curb violent crime of all forms. U.S. Sens. Paula Hawkins and Lawton Chiles of Florida should take note of this bill and back it. Rep. Don Fuqua ought to join them in ignoring the powerful gun lobbies and taking into account their constituents. The nation is tired of mourning its dead and maimed -whether they be the president of the United States or the next door neighbor. Editor: First of all, let me come right out and say I'm not entering the educational field to make money, simply because there is none, period. But fair is fair, right? I think it's absurd that there's such a variation in faculty salary throughout the departments at this university, or for that matter, all universities in general. I believe that here, the liberal arts and sciences professors, along with the professors from the colleges of fine arts and education have salaries ranging from about $21,000 to $23,000. At the medical school, the faculty gets anywhere from $50,000 and up, and at the omnipotent law school, the professors receive more than $55,000 a year. Of course I've heard the argument that if we didn't pay these 'professionals" an admirable salary, they could hypothetically go on their own, open their own businesses and gross over $100,000 a year. Bull! Those professors who receive only $21,000 go the same number of years to college and possess the same number itf degrees, but it appears they get punished for choosing their individual field. I think the administrators should approach Ed.or Dov.dDohl GeneroMonger CE Barbe, Ne"sd"' NJonnSusskind Ader iig Diec ot Suionne eierser, News Editor Gina Thomas Operotnons Monager' Guy R Hudspeth Sports Editor MorinoCohen Product on Super sor tee Herring Published by ( 1mpus G C;ommusivations. Int. P 0 0'ox14257 UniverstyS aionv Ganviu' F loda Ofice beh~in heCollege nni1728 WestUnUversity A~v Clositer Adverisin 37 64446, Retail Display Advernsing 376-4482; Newsoorr 376.4458, Producton: 373-9926, Business Office 376 4446 Letters Policy Letters must be typed and double-spaced on a 60 character line, dated and signed with the author's real name, have address and telephone number of writer and not exceed 300 words. Names will be withheld if writer shows just cause. The editor reserves the right to edit all letters for space. Readers may submit longer essays, columns or letters to be considered for use as guest columns. Any writer interested in submitting a regular column is asked to contact the editor and be prepared to show work samples. the starting salary for any professor on a individual basis and not impose a set minimum starting point such as, "Oh you're a law professor so you will automatically start at $60,000" and "You're an education professor so we can only give you such-and-such amount." I am bitter. I won't harp on the fact that with a master's degree, which is worth an extra $1,200 a year in Florida, I'll only start out making Lroughly $11,000 to $12,000 a year while all my friend'te engineering college with just a bachelor's degree re getting offers of $20,000 and up. In fact I've been tol' that the engineering college has a hard time getting graduate students because seniors are getting such astronomical starting salary offers that they figure it is not worth going to school an extra year for the master's degree and a "few" thousand more. When the system could promote such thinking we have to start asking ourselves if a college education is becoming just another commodity. Robert Hill 3ED Spice up WRUF Editor: Are we supposed to considerourselves fortunate here in Gainesville, home of Florida's "flagship" university, to have two or three hours of good classical music in -the evening? How come we are going to have, or already have a great football team, a great basketball team, a great gymnastics team to complement all our other great teams but we continue to coast along with a radio team which has developed mediocrity to a high art? All this goes beyond a few sonatas and symphonies. We are talking about the quality of a university program, the quality of education. To use an example of last year: what if the university art gallery showed nothing but decoupage and posters year after year? Instead it's nice to know that we can go there from month to month and experience something new and different, to be challenged, to like and dislike, but always to grow. By the same token, wouldn't it be a pleasure to know that we could turn on the radio from day to day and learnor hear something new, to be "educated" by the university radio station, as it were? Every time we turn on the radio during the day and slide past WRUF (who would want to stay there except for a couple hours of excellent programming in the evening) we are ignominiously reminded of the fact that somebody with 100,000 watts of ill-deserved power thinks we are all a bunch of Readers Digest dimwits. Arthur minf Professors' salary discrepancies unfair 

PAGE 9

alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981,9 0 Living to eat? If you can answer yes to more than one of these questions shops especially -hide your previous purchases in your car then you are a foodaholic and should get help from and hurriedly wipe crumbs off your clothes before entering Foodaholics Identifiable By Body immediately. the next restaurant for your "to go" order? Do you starve all day but then eat before going to bed -Do you order an extra drink with an unusually large with the amount being determined solely by whether you get order for yourself so that the cashier will think that it's a "to ready for bed early or late? go" order for two people? P-If you go on a binge before you hit the hay do you get Do you feel obligated to say, "I'm having a party" to up the next morning craving more of what you stuffed into the bleary-eyed Albertsons cashier at 3 a.m. when you're your face the night before? bogged down with bags of munchies for yourself? *.-Do you turn down dinner dates because you're on a diet -Do you avoid studying to keep from eating? and then kick yourself the night of the date because you.end vDo you eat before a dinner party so that you won't up splurging anyway and you passed up a freebie? gorge in front of the other guests? ,.-Women, do you find yourself increasing the amount of .Do you find yourself gorging at dinner parties anyway? makeup you wear in direct proportion to the amount of .Do you say, "No thank you" to the last roll on the plate splurging you've been doing, thinking that the increased and then find your eyes glued to it during the rest of the makeup will hide the increased poundage? meal? Do you resent the person who finally leans over and Do you bring your own diet dressing to your favorite grabs it (usually the thinnest person at the table)? salad bar and then end up pigging out on the potato salad .If you're on a binge at home, do you find yourself and macaroni salad, using the dressing only on a tiny pile of finishing things off just to get rid of them? lettuce crammed into the corner of your heaping plate? ,"Do you find yourself buying something and even m' If you eat something fattening in the morning, do you tyo i tie I know I'llnlesshat pha t of it?"saying to find yourself saying, "Another day shot and continue ti Does your mouth have anything in it right now besides stuff your face all day? your tongue? s"' Do you hang out in the kitchen during parties while the uAre all these questions making you hungry? Romeos and Juliets hang out in the bedroom? Are you charged extra for "all you can eat" buffets? Colloon Kely Do you hit all the fast food places in town -doughnut 4JM ERA Apple pie and family meets feminist Voter registration Is free, palnia easiest thing in the world," says Ala Elections Supervisorliuddy irby. April t'Is the lest day to register ft May 5 election that will decide c Gainesville city commissioners an charter referendum. On campus students can register tc Student Government Office, Room 3 Wayne Reiti Union or at the Student fice, Room 124 of Tigert Hall. Off campus voters can register at the County Administration Building, sity Ave. from 1:30 to 5 i.m. On Apr tions Supervisors Office will only be4 p.m. to 5 p.m. To register you need proof that y older and you must swear you are County resident, a United States citiz not been convicted of a felony. I'm no Mike Wallac Editor: I'm no Mike Wallace, but I'd like March 30 "Purty girls" editorial. I'm no engineer, but using the figures fror it looks like 5 percent of Erik Melear's cabin same representation as the 5 percent of the st make up. A nit-picky numerical example, y twisted than yours. And I'm no William Randolph Hearst, I tired of hearing of how persecuted the BlacI is and how incompetent the infant politician Senate are. Their meetings and plights are to and finding fault with them is about as diffi fish in a barrel. It's just lazy. recycled journa And finally, I'm no Robert Redford, but just not that great looking. Ms "and the The lady with the "Stop ERA it's not God's way" sign chua County stood at the fringe of an enormous crowd. The crowd occupied the steps of a huge post office and the protesters a vote if tlhp swayed and hollered and heckled like a mighty ocean with an two new each drop of water in agreement. d a county There were signs, slogans and shouts everywhere and all of them echoed the same tone the lady on the fringe exhibited. vote at the The scene was big, beautiful apple pie. 305 of the J. A curious onlooker approached the lady on the fringe. She Services Ofhad a nice face 4nd the kind of happy expression a complacent child might wear. She saw the onlooker coming and Room 169 of smiled at him. 21 E. Univer"Hello," he sai& "Protesting today?" i1 4 the Elec"Yes," she said. "We want to stop the ERA." open from 12 "I can see that," said the onlooker, who was now a partaker. "You also seem to want to stop abortion, busing, ou are 15 or SALT II and ..." he strained to read a sign off In the distarut an Alachua center of the hugh throng, ". .and too much sex on televien and have sion. It looks like you've covered everything except the First Amendment." "We thought about that," the lady said, "but we decided that that one can wait." m bLt.L .The onlooker stepped back off the curb to get another good look at the crowd. It was at least 12,000 strong and to criticize your each member was carrying a placard and singing or chanting, except for those with megaphones, whose voices broke n your editorial, through the heavy din of the traffic and spoke of the evils net is black, the that are ERA and abortion. uet sbod, the The onlooker said, "Can I ask you a question?" udent body they "I guess so," the lady answered. tes, but no more "Do you know what the Equal Rights Amendment says? I but we're really mean, can you recite it? It's not real long, you know." buStudent Union "No," she said. "I really don't know what it says." ss of the Student "Then why are you against it?" )o easy to report. "Because it's wrong." cult as shooting "But how do you know?" lism. The lady's husband, carrying a sign of his own protesting Ter iTouma's abortion and wearing a pair of stewed fetus buttons to punctuate the sign, leaned between his wife and the onlooker and said, "Because it's against God's wishes. It's not His way." MichelS h "Yeah," the lady said. The .mlooker was perplexed. "God esnit want women to have the same rights as men?" "Sure," said the husband. "Sure," chimed the wife. "But He wants equality to be real and sincere and from the, heart," the husband said. "He doesn't want things like the ERA that will break up the family and destroy all of His traditions." The crowd suddenly roared, nearly two-thirds of the mass in unison. Network TV had arrived. "Look.honey, TV's here," the husband said. "Oh boy," the wife said, and she jumped up to see. "Don't jump too much," the onlooker told her. "There might be children watching." The wife stood on her tippy toes, as she would have called them, and her husband smiled like a clam and held his sign higher than any other sign onthe fringe of the crowd. The onlooker was ready to retreat to the curb when he decided he really wasn't ready to retreat there. kevin turley "Say," he asked the lady, "Do you have a job?" She climbed down from her tippy toes, accepting that she would not be beamed into millions of dinner-time living rooms. "I'm a housewife," she said. And probably a damn good one, the onlooker sincerely believed. "Well, if you had a job, what would you do?" "Oh, I'd probably be a secretary," she said, and then a smile and wild eyes took over her face. "Or a race car driver. But probably a secretary." "What does your husband do?" "Sells hardware." "If you sold hardware as well as he' sells hardware, wouldn't you like to be paid as well?" "Yeah. Of course," she said. "I thought so," the onlooker said, and he crossed the street and bought a sausage with relish, onions and tomatoes, a root beer to wash it down with, and he caught the next bus uptown. 

PAGE 10

10. alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981 Committee trims health VP list By Adam Yeomans Alligator Staff Writer A faculty committee searching for a new Health Affairs vice president whittled the list of final choices from 19 to nine -three of whom are UF employees. Three subcommittees each evaluated six or seven vice presidential hopefuls, said UF Executive Vice President John Nattress Two or three candtidat('s were selected from (ach subcommittee, said Nattress, who doubles as the committee's chairman. The subcommittee candidate evaluations were closed to the public. The Health Affairs vice presidential spot opened in July when, then-health affairs Vice President and College of Medicine Dean William Deal quit his dtual posts. After Deal left for another jot), UF officials decided to split the post into two separate positions. Deal returned to UF in September and immediately was rehireit as medical school (lean. None of the other applicants for the sport were interviewed. UF Affirmative Action officials had blasted Deal's reappointment as a violation of UF's hiring guidelines. But Nattress said the hiring was a "unique situation." Nattress has said the controversy is dead. The UF employees vying for the position include department if Pediatrics Chairmanu Gerold Schiebler, acting Health Affairs Vice President Ken Finger and College of Medicine Associate Dean J. Lee Dockery. Northeast First Street could become a haven for thousands of art lovers this Saturday and Sunday during the 12th annual Spring Arts Festival. Sponsored by the city of Gainesville, Santa Fe Community College and the Chamber of Commerce, this year's festival is scheduled to feature 275 artists and craftsmen from 25 states, France and Canada exhibiting paintings, sculpture and crafts. There also will be UF Executive Vice President John Nattress heads the search committee The other six candidates are: P Maureen Henderson, University of Washington Health Affairs vice president; -W. Marcus Newberry, Medical University of South Carolina dean; w Charles Mullins, Dallas County Hospital chief executive officer; -Norman Knorr, University of Virginia (lean; ,,-nRonald Kaufman, George Washington University medical affairs vice president; Philip Caper, John F. Kennedy School of Government health researcher. children's plays, bands, choruses, bluegrass and country music groups. Free bus service is offered to the downtown festival Saturday. Buses will leave the Oaks and Gainesville malls every 10 minutes from 9 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. More than 60,000 are expected to attend this year's art show on tree-shaded Northeast First Street between University and Eighth avenues. THE %A1% SlF Iti9%41 presents The Great APRIL FOOLS DAY Party tonight Featuring-The Male Factor showtime-7:30-ladies only 9:00 BRING ON THE MEN WITH FREE CHAMPAGNE A/so Featuring THE RIFF showtime 9:30 LADIES NITE! (7/2 price drinks 7-72 pm) 100 S. Main 376-6246 Thrvery Beew iHai Design $5.90 OFF -shmmpee, Cut. Coupon onl good UMlv. 373-7229 Debbl*, Pat, & Erin for new chenm 6*i St. 373-7229 JOE HNLDENN Hugo Award-winning author of The Forever War, Mindbridge, and now Worlds; A Novel of the Future, Viking Press, and Gainesville's Jack C. Haldeman, II, uthor of Perry's Planet and Vector Analysis. GOINGS HALDEMAN PARTY Autographing books at Goerings' Book Center from 1:00 pm to 3:00 pm, Saturday, April 4. Coca cola, cookies, coffee. Because there's a two-year Army ROTC program, in case you missed taking ROTC in your first two years of college. You'll have to work to catch up, during the summer before your junior year. But in two years you'll earn about $2,900, more than half of which is tax free. Then you'll earn an officer's commission at the same time you earn a college degree. LEARN WHAT IT TAKES TO LEAD Contact Cpt. Workman/Cpt. Streb at (AC 904) 392-1395 or stop by Room 103 Van Fleet Hall. ,iI LU Scheduleyournext French class MFrance. It's a lot easier than you think. As you'll discover in the next issue of Insider -the free supplement to your college newspaper fromFord. And it makes a lot of sense. If you're going to learn French, why not learn it from the experts. Insider wifl irtclude everything you need to know to dojust that %WUltell you how to get there, what it costs, how to plan, differences between American-affiliated universities and foreign learning institutions, an outline of language requirements and, most importantly, how to find ajob. So if you've been thinking about taking a semester or two abroad, stop thinking. And next time registration comes around, schedule your French class where you'll learn the most.in France. Don't miss the next issue of Insider Besides travel tips, you'll wee the great new lineup of Ford cars for 1981. Featuring Escort, Mustang and theexciting new EXP. tomorrow is here from the world of Ford. 'I-W Look forInsider. Ford's continuing series of college newspaper supplements. FORD FORD DIVISION Spring Arts Festival opens this weekend 

PAGE 11

VIRGINIAGROWN RED DELICIOUS l API,ES OUICK EASY MEAL 12 OZ.0 PACKAGE L. JANET LEE ALL MEAT SLICED CAREPULLYRIPENED BOLOGNA. P E88* D'ANJOU PEARS ..39* JANET LEEiNOItIDUALLYWRAPPED SINGLES S twGANT SLICED CHEESE .DATES .2 "OL FASHIONED SPUT-TOPWHfTE BREAD E I -EASY QUICK MEALI CHICKEN FRESH DAILY SNACK PACK 92 PIECES OF CHICKEN COVERED WITH CREAMY ROLL ICING 9C. SW CINNAMON ROLLS6. 8FO89* *BAKEDBEANS PLAIN OR SEEDED & ROLL HARD ROLLS 12. 2Fo89 ALL FOR ONLY. NEOSHO JANET LEE PICNIC CHARCOAL GRILL BRIQUETS #1706 18INCHES 10 LB. BAG MULTI-POSmON GULFLITE CHAISE LOUNGE ..E7" CHARCOAL LIGHTERi. O69* ULTRARiTE*OPPLAZL ALKASELTZER TOOTHPASTE1. 1** ANTACID.pp C E99 -I Inaag HAVINSPEIASactoneseersed Ie s11 1 t o be lov, 6/12 oz. cans of CHECK WITHUSFIRSTIA st as WEN4W GTVERYU 2G Ua Schlilt beer for YOUNEIM.ALLVOU DO IS.S9M TLAWWONKTERI M C str~it o hretn n PRICES E APRIL1 E R,,.U tan 13Th ST. 8 23"" BLVD IN EVIs. By Ian Johnson Aligator Staff Writer One hundred bicycle racks worth $2,000 will be given to UF, but only fraternities and sororities will get them. The racks are a promotion for the Bike Anchor Rack Co. which hopes to secure a contract for racks with UF, according to distribution director Larry Honey. Honey said the racks were slated for UF but the fraternities and sororities were being contacted "to cut out the bureaucracy involved in going through the university." Student Affairs Vice President Art Sandeen said it was an "individual" matter between the Greek organizations and the promoter. Interfraternitv Council President Neil Contess said he was unaware of the gifts but could not see anything wrong with them. "It's like a birthday present -there are no laws against a present. It seems to be a gift and beyond our jurisdiction," Contess said. Most of the houses contacted were "excited" about the free racks, Honey said. Any Greek organization wanting a rack is welcome to it, he said. Honey said he decided to give racks to the fraternities and sororities. He is a member of the Bicycle Safety Association, a nonprofit organization locaIly involved with bike safet v. The Bike Anchor Rack Co. contacted the association to distribute the racks and he was assigned to the jo) Honey said. Honey said he was planning to distribute some of the racks through the Athletic Association too Racks could be placed in front of the O'Connell Center and Florida Field, he said. The racks are of a newly patented design that can secure two bikes per unit. They look like 300-pound concrete pyramids. A casehardened chain attached to each side goes through the front and back wheels, but the cyclist must provide the lock. Honey said that a similar program is underway at Florida State University and the University of Southern California. what'Fs hap pening By Ellen Flanagan Alligator Writer Siddha Meditation Center: meets tonight at 7:45 at the Center, 1000 SW Ninth St. Walter Joseph will talk on "Reflections on the Self. Student Supper: University United Methodist Church sponsors a dinner tonight at 6. The meal is $1.25 and will be followed by a 30-minute program at the church, 1320 W. University Ave. UF Lesbian and Gay Society: meets tonight at 7 in room 346 of the Reitz Union. Planned Parenthood Volunteer Training: has a session tonight at 7 at the Presbyterian Student Center, 1402 W. University Ave. What's Happening is a public service of I trInd,,etriviet Fborida \'lligatim and is printed on a space-ovailoble basis Informa tion far events will not be taken over the telephone. Persons wishing to submit information to the column may do so by filling out a What's Happening form of The Alfigtl's office, located behind The Olde College Inn, 1728 W University A ve L alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981, 11 Greeks to get bike rocks TIDE MAXWELL HOUSEALLGRINDS TIDE MASTER BLEND DETERGENT COPPEE 490. 420N130OZ 9 BOX 9BAG JANETLEECUTOR FRENCH STYLE JANETLEECREAMSTYLE,WHOLE GREEN BEANS 4. .CORN4. .1 PLAIN OR SELP-RiUNG SALUTO PILLSBURY FLOUR .79s PARTY PIZZAe.A e2" A f. Jib, 4. 46,%,-4% 

PAGE 12

TOMORROW NIGHT! SGP/Florida Concerts and THE FM present CHUCK MANGIONE and the CHUCK MANGIONE QUARTET A Jazz Experience 8 P.M. in the O'Connell Center GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE Tickets $7.50 and $9.00 on sale at Nell's. Spec's Music, Godfathers Chess King, The Reitz Union Box Office and all day tomorrow at the O'Connell Center U ;k***ApriI 4th-Pre-Charlie Daniels Picnic, 2-6 p.m. Lake Alice Field, FREE April 11th-All Nite Movies UF Bandshell, 8 p.m., FREE April 26thEATLEMANIA Tickets on Sale April 13th May 2nd-U-2 and Secret Affair, Live at the Rat May 29-split Enz, Robin Lane and the Chartbusters UF Bandshell, FREE Concert The South's Gonna DO IT AGAIN April 12th-8 p.m. in The O'Connell Center TICKETS NOW ON SALE $8-, available at Chess King. Godfathers, Speed's Music, Heil's Take Out, and and very special guest The RizUnion.Bo,,,ce a presentation of SGP/Florida Concerts and THEFM Mk SP/Florida Concerts, The Connell Center and Present: Ap r* d* o *o11h. %, : V: og 6: &:1 ." 9 April 2nd to 11 th Ilii Ii El E t %/ 4 ~I % Ie wtig Cf4Ere t eriks Presents CBS RECORDING ARTISTS NEW ROCK LIVE AT THE RAT THURSDAY FRIDAY APRIL 9-10 With Spectacular eRides eGames Prizes Great Munchies Gates Open 5 pm on Weekdays 12 pm on Weekends Advance Ticket Books are on sale at the Reitz Union Box Office Watch for Special Discount Nights LOCATION: ROTC Drill Fleld .0 Wnlinantnr makinmmeinv naril 1. 1981 

PAGE 13

inside Pete Sparks' dogs' bite is worse than their bark Pete Sparks doesn't need a door bell. A 45-pound block-andwhite bitch chained to his front porch wakes up all of southeast Bradford County with a blood-curdling howl. Seventy-five other pit bull terriers are also convincingly ferocious enough to word off any would-be trespassers. Sparks, 79, shares his ramshackle form outside Starke with a fluctuating collection of three mules, a pony, two dozen chickens, several robbits and his pit bulls, which he raises for sale. He has finally given away the 6-foot eastern diamondD e a n backak rattler he kept in the kitchen as a pet. Post the house, you find dogs sprawled all over the yard. Most of the older dogs are held to 30-inch o f th e automobile axles by thick steel chains. The bitches and their young litters are kept in crumbling, fleo-infested pens. Sparks got his first pit bull P it in 1925. P it"I was going out in the country in Miami and thought I needed a good dog," he said. The Kentucky native has story and photos been raising pit bull terriers ever since, and has shipped by stan badz his much-in-demond pups oll over the world. "I've sent my dogs to Alaska, Guatemala, Puerto Rico and almost every state in the union," Sparks said. He says he sells 50 to 60 pups each year and will only peddle the pups. "I wouldn't sell any of my grown dogs, it would just upset my breeding program," Sparks said. Sparks keeps records on the bloodlines of each dog, and can rattle off five or six generations of ancestors of almost any dog on the place. Buyers con be assured that somewhere along the way a dog inherited championship genes. The pit bull terrier is considered a champion dog after he wins three matches. Most dogs are retired after three or four fights and use for breeding. "The most fights I ever heard of a dog fighting was eight or nine matches and some fights have lasted tree hurs," Sparks said. "I don't fight my dogs but if I got something that looks Ilk. irs good pit matesiol, I'll turn it over to some of the younger fellows and let them fight him." While dog fighting often is considered a cruel sport, Speaks defenid his passion for the pit, addIN that ea. pie magazine hiss clled him the untitled deae a4-, .nd agf. j I' I alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981, 13 A,:-,; -Ikiula M., A wal I I 

PAGE 14

14, alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981 Sublet ow bedoo m in o n house 2 bl0ck8 TOR RENT10 U.F. SW 2d Ao o. A-oilobli Apoil 1, .o+ /mon + 1/5 utity CALL 371-2995. MALE -m"ll loom i j use75 m_ .+ 1/ 4-3-31 .I.Noo oo.e $110 po 2718NW 2nd A377-52" (off 27h5.) 4-3-3-1 Regoency Oak2bo pt$325/m0. Lease thr. Aug. p8v1e both. Pool 1 0tennisw1ghts. lll bod opfni00Ol.d d'y rm341h ad Archr Seth 371-441, 8801800 5 fromCompu 4-3-3-1 1236 SW 4th A. 15 Co1l 377-1012. 4-3-3-1 Sbl t nice 2 bdr apt in M orcoibo 8860r (Butler PA -A R0.6 ) En 8235/mo w/-.c.SUMMT HOUSE Apt I BR furn. near Mo d y deposit Intel Occupy immediately CenterOu. ti, new 0rpI, oooundry rm, 392-8261. 4-7-5-1 pool. 2nd floor 376-9668 days, 375-4214 nts 4-7-54 UNRELATED PERSONS OKI 4 d 2 ath house cent air/heat $460919 18-oDrvoby then call 375-6173 4-7-5-1 Nina's Nook Used FurnIture sublet 2 bfurnaop across from o'connell on Uei te Un, Ao. $275/mo call 378-3642 or Buy & Sell 376-44508) <wkfor robby H ry 377-6700 4-33-1 818 W. Univ. Ave. I bedroom opt. low cost, quiet, carpeted behind To Bell paco'c'se o compus on bus roue Cll b0twe0 9-6, Moon I1375-3077. 4-7-5-1 KAAP PAAyHA present 11W APRIL 1,119 47O0pM A IT TlE KMAAJS0J HELP KA w AN USCH F/buT 1 D 50 KEGS Ai 0 O -ALCo0o0C 04A(S The Gainesville Little Theatre and CsAklsv&EEertoent Netwok Ld. present Noel Coward's FALLEN AN&Li TONIGHT stud./sr. Cts. Disc. SRweA TTHhUm THRU SAT.ca sm fo CURTAIN AT 8 tcketisfet. SPRING FEYER You've WaitedR All Winter Long For a New Honda and the Sale You've Waited for IS HERE CM400E Retail $1699.00 WNO1499 Streits Honda 4820NW. I3th St. A Great Dooll sublet for summer, Village Pork 2BR, furnished, waO-to-wall, A/C $255/mo.; fall renewal option$285/mo. Coll 377-0933. 4-7-5-1 A brand now prtment, close to campus, Shond + Nationwide. Quality feature5295/mo. Call 378-496 or 375-00164-10-10-1 Efficoncy in r0w of home, furn 2 mi from tied ctr prefer male grid student, 9iet. no pts $175 per mo. with loose deposits 378-2016. 4-3-5-1 Great opportunity for students 81bedroom both uil not includ. $179 rent $200 S.D. call 372-3826. 4-3-5-1 sublet immed. A rislotively now 2-bdrm opt. close to c mpus. Free month rent. minimal deposit. Terms re ngotiabl. 376-0741 Phoen,. 4-1-3-1 New 2 br 81/2 both unf. house, nice neighbors + landlord $300mo. Ist lost + deposit, 6 or 12 moo. ose. No kids or dogs. 378-1390. 4-1-3-1 immedi0e occupancy 4 bedroom spli level op' 0000 8rst'e0 from campus $135 + 1/4 utiities. fully furnished call Mat 371-2466. 4-3-5-1 Hart Building &Real Estate, Realtor 373-8424 1 BR 2 bIk to campus $210 1 BR S.E. 8st + ave. $190 2 BR Neor G'ville Moll $225. 4-10-10-1 Available immediately. 4-bedroom par tments1 1/2 both, central hating and air. Coll for more information 378-9135. 4-13-10-1 Sublease 1-bedroom unfurnished Gtorwood opt. starting Apr. I lease exp Aug 1 $240 month renewal pso375-1701. 4-6-5-1 Cottage efficiency. All utilities paid. Six blocks to UF. Very quiet and pvate. Prefer gr0d or mature student. $170. 376-0654. 4-2-3-1 1 bdrm I bth pt, 2 blks to U of F, fully furnished, beautiful large rooms, cable TV, pets ok, ext. cleon, sublet now w/option $195/mon Steve 375-8574. 4-6-5-1 Available: gor7e opt. Complete kitchen separate util. 1Located 1 blk from frock on 23rd St. $130/mo + util. Call Ed 373-4044 d0ys-night. 4-3-4-1 Sublet) bedroom opt. 2 blocks from campus. $180/mon. plus utilities. Call 373-6219. Close to campus & shopping. On bus route. Unfrn. opt. Large bedrm. Immed. Occpcy. Mary 392-4746 days or 376-9698 eves. 4-3-3-1 Own room in spacious 3 bedroom house. Biking distance to campus. $100/month + 1/3 utilities. Coll373-6219. 4-6-4-1 Bedroom Furnished cologe 145 per month 3620SW Archer Rd. 4-7-5-1 Sublet I Br Furn.Apt 00 TE WOODS Pool, Laundry, Bus Route. Available through August (209 month). Will pay you $50 to sublet. Coll 371-1623. 4-2-2-1 Sublet I br 1 bh Cedar Ridge Apt. 1st Mo. rent FREE 220 mo. r08es negotiable 372-5287. 4-7-5.1 New 2 br quod Sugorfoot Oaks, carpeted, drapes, fully equipped, wosher/dryr hook-up $265. 377-3022 375-3600. 4-7-5-1 New 2 br 1 b quads w near hands av6lable Apr 1 quiet w poed re0 $290 LMR + swco$125 no pets 376-3336 372-6422. SUBLET NOW a HAWAIAN VILLAGE 2 br. Apt. 315.00 a month col John at 372-1191. 4-7-5-1 HOUSING PROBLEMS block from campus Only $350/quarte0r for room, 3 meals/doy, & recreation room. Co-ed, co-op living. For more info, coil Margaret at 392-7517 anytime. 4-7-5-1 ROOMMATE Mosier bdrm -own both in luxurious Soneridge townhouse/fully furnished King Size bed -reduced rates -price negotiable female prof. pools -sauna -tennis / Michelle376-5551. 4-6-5-2 OWN ROOM in SW furn 3 bedroom opt nonsmok.,116.66 + 1/3 utilities call 376-6586. 4-3-4-2 SPARROW CONDOMINIUM: $110/mon plus utIs for own room. Facilities include pool, soun, whirlpool, etc. Coil 375-2549 or 378-4831 (before 10 pm). 4-&-5-2 The price is right! Male $78/mo. + 1/3 oloc share bdr w/snr ele eng Frederick Grdns -nice pool! Coil ft/evn ** 373-9532 4-13-10-2 LOOK AHADI FALL 81 NEED 2 FEM. ROOMATES BY APRI L15 for Sept 1, 1981 1 yr lease 3 bd 2 b1h unfurn Howson V1g opi 1/3 ul rent $115 mo. Please call NOW 373-8510.Jon. 4-7-5-2 Female rmm s (2) wanted own room in 4 b' opt. starting June 12. The Vllage ren8 $102.50 plus 1/4 utils hbo tennis swimming etc 378-3395. 4-3-3-2 Liberal M or F Own room in furn 2 b opt on SW 16th 95/mo + 1/3 util coll 377-4703 after 4:30pm. 4-3-3-2 ACT NOWI Applications are now ben ac.cepted from mole UF students oatGorgia Seogle Cooperative, room and 20 m0ls pe. week only $410 per quarter Coil 376-9179. ACT NOW. 4-3-3.2 roomote wanted to share large 3 bedroom opt. of woodgate 000nor. $126 + 1/3 utilities. Coll 377-4985. 4-3-3-2 mole nonsmoker wanted for spring and summer 9r. Own room 0 How. Vill. 372-5491, 4-7-5-2 Fm rm prf. for I modern, N.W. home. Own rm, immed. occ. Fully eq. kit. & furn. lounge. Borgin at $1005mo. + 1/4 uil. Coll 370-4361. 4-3-3-2 Prefer female rmmt. own m in Nice home, no cigs, 10 min from campus, front yrd bus stop, 115 + 1/3 utl, Doug or Juie 377-4138. 4-7-5-2 Easygoing roommate wanted for two bdr. opt. Completely furnished. Close to campus in SWoreo $140/month, 1/2util. 372-7968 ofter 5. 4-7-5-2 M/F roommate needed for Ig NW house, 500t886 liberal god studiouso. Pets ok con. oenientarea. 372-796 or 374-4338. 4c7-5-2 Need rooo0m.6e immediately mole or female Windmoodows opts. $140/mo. Beautiful facilities niceroomtes 34thArcher371-1441. 4-3-3-2 BEST DEAL Roommate needed for Spring Ort. to shore now 3 br/21t6 homeS00lmo (rog $135 mo; will take loss) + 1/3util. Coll 371-2370. 4-7-5-2 1 or028females8or00ose0bedroom& boh in furnished Goorwood opt. Swimming pool, tenns court, call Sue oft375-0537. 4-3-3-2 Roommate wanted to shore nice spacious 2 bedroom 2 both opt for spring and summer All you need is bedroom furniturel female preferable 157.50/mo + 1/2 utilities. Coll Bth 375-0603 Avoilable Immediately 4-7-5-2 female roomoteto shore br in 2 brofurnished apt 70/m0 or own room 120/mo (+ ul) rest of March is free 3 block& to UF. 373-1778, 4-3-3-2 Own room in delightful 3 BR hom9. Spacious, big desk, own entrance. $115/month + 1/3 utilities. Move in now. Coll Alex 377-8610. 4-3-3-2 own room 1/2 bIk. from Normaol $10 mo. + 1/2 utilities. occupy I apiooll bolkris or michow at5378-3777 kept trying. 4-1-3-2 wanted male roommate f r 2 bdrm, 2 both, opt for sping qtr-summer qtr. pool, souno, rk + tennis crs. oundry. own bdrm shore371-0789. 4.3-5-2 f.m. roomote wanted to share 2 bd/furn pt except for bedroom in yons opts opril ,en,fe.1l$147.50/month, + 1/2 bi). call police 376-6764 A.S. A. P 4-10-10-2 Female to shore large house near UF-no pets, no single rm -$120/mo. includes utilities. Student375-1349. 4-3-5-2 ROOMMATE wanted to shore monster bedroom at windmeadows furnished 0pt. need own bed. $125mon. plus 1/3 util. phone 371-2655. 4-3-5-2 roommate wanted own bedroom in furnished 0pt. southwest 20th Move in now rent p0ce negotiable call mike 375-1038. 4-3-5-2 Stoneridge: Luxurious opts. sauna pool, exercise room: moster'6rmfor ren with own both in three bdrm townhouse fully furnished king size bed, female preferable. Call mchelle 376-5551 4-3-5-2 For spring only Own room in large 2 Bdrm. 2 081. Ho, oil 8th, extras, preferomle oom80m 50eust see to pp reciater$150 + m 11 1/2 util. 376-0339Bob 4-1-3-2 FEMALE(non-soking)owaned o68shareIOfully 8ur6shed apt$0 + + 1/2 5uil88,o h1r 3 blocks from UF co-pus call Janet 373-3869. 4-3-5-2 1 Female to shore furn. 2 bdrm 1 bth apt Wooded setting, laundry, pool, pets ok. $134.50/mo. Call Liso 374-856or373-9389. 4-3-5-2 nonsmoking mole roommate wanted to shore bedroom in Hawaiian village pt. $90/month + 1/4 utilities. 371-1904. 4-1-3-2 New luxury house, N.W. pvt bdr mature student/prof, no cigs pref; to shore w/low student; w/d, fireplace, bbq, etc. $165 + 1/3 ph. 373-1868. 4-3-5-2 Great location for spring + summer-option Ior fall. 2 br furn. $135 + 1/2 utilities. Frederick Gardens 371-1533 eves. 4-3-5-2 Shore mod. home with mature quiet nonsmoking male. Furnished inclu. Loundr $145 mo. 1/2 util. Lost, security 372-1115 leave message. 4-10-10-2 own bedroom in now nw house. washer, dryer hbo nos eo. $50 500 + /3 Utiitie.'. Soy 373-4465, 375-038, 118981 373-0542. 4-3-5-2 LAKE HOME female only own bed and both I commute toG'ville daily $150/month includes utilities Ho wthorne 481-3660. 4-3-5-2 Village Apts n.ds feoa. to sublI own room in 4 bedrm twnhse spr/summer qrs. 092.50/mo + 1/4 util. Great foclitistl 375-1853. 4-2-4-2 1 or 2 males to showsI bdr in 2 bdr, 1 1/2 both1andm0rk opt. $78.50 -$128.50ngo. near campus. call 377-6520 of 373-3152. 4-3-5-2 Roommatemo rle female own bedroom on bus route pool tennis 5 min. from campus $195 month furnished 0pt. 372-9798. 4-3-5-2 TUD4nTS$I. HAIRCUTS (Wednesday ONLY) 33" W. UsIvsty Ave. ENSES '35/p. .7 378-261 Ki~Uw*d Nsokb.WI Studious and Friendly pe.so0 fr a ozy furni Whdo five min to campus, Hove pool &laundry. egins May/Jun,. $97.50 + 1/4 util. 377-4784. 4-6-5-2 COUPLE or single person to hors specous, modern house in N.W. 15,,,,,, bus ride to UF. Dish 8 clothes washers, pe 37-3827. 4-6-5-2 roonsto,50neededtoabo sve3-bdrmopt with moleAlloemne enI, ofryoootr $127/o. pool, nis, 1-cqu1bo1, etc -511372-4310. -3-4-2 Mlpnol-s. oker o shone br in 2 br opt urn.; a/c on bus rout. -$70/mi. plus one fourth util. Now. FPnh.O 6r Apis. 0, 16 Avs. 010. 4-2-22 S'on"ridg.-'--.oo d." d ooofo .ish ed two bedroom opt. Call Kevin at 371-1239 for more information. 4-6-5-2 Female roommate wanted Ioshore matter bedroom & both -5.00 + 1/3 uti. -Own room ooilable May 1-130.00 -poosid, aio-ond. 378-7759. 4-7-5-2 Roommate wanted. own roo m in 3 bdrm Mocaibo opt, 117/mo. + 1/3 utl, cl 376-6586. 42-22 Wnted 1 female Rooommt. share 1 furnished bedrm &vigroom. Strt Aprl $92.50/mo. + 1/2u8lih1i.s + 1/2 phone + $50 d6posil. PH: 378-0957. Near cop1s. 4-3-3-2 SHARE house with oep.ron. Nice or-& house 137.50 + utilities 611 NW 34h St 372-8625. 47-5-2 Own frnroom in 3 bdrm house 4 m from campus. 100 + 1/2 ut. Call Gary at 376-9941. 4-6-4-2 female, nonsmoking, own room in furnished op .For sprgq. 1/3 utilities no ein 85000ima6e0. HawaiianVillage call after 5 Needorommft0 in boulifol hos that's close io campus Right price and lease does not h-e to be signed. Call 371-0005. 4-3-3-2 Moe or fmleo1. shar .2 bedroom p. $125.00 a month + 1/2 utilities. Call Ma 374-8734 after 5 p.5. King's Croeok Apts. 39th A-. 4-3-3-2 Neorlnonsmoking m or I roommate needed for m I bdrm in 2 bdom Iblk from Normon HlI 112.50/mo 1/2 ul & deposts Call 373-=23. 47-52 Oe block10fro50 low school. Ml. 0 woooo50d.131 pr 5m. + 1/3 ld1. Pase ol 376-5762 or 373-5300. AolI. now. 4-7-5-2 0EMA6E0 00868MAT00Neded Immediatel. Country MorAps .On o oowak in closet -1/3 utilities -Furnishd. 373-0739. 4-7-5-2 AVAILABLE0 IMMEDIATELY n0oom1000 1 hosewaed a a 0 lkig distance 1 campus $75 to Cl377-633. 4-3-3-2 Mother bedroom in0 I.xius Ok Forst. $135 + 1/3 utility 378-4617 immed6 ocuponcywasher/dyr inaopt. 4-3-3-2 Sho. 2 bedooo 0p0. hav ow oo 2 block offomopus $100 per ro. 0Lw utility bills. Coll Jeff 376-214. 4-7-5-2 r---m*e-.lned ownoonpool Wris courts97mo.Ph375-2327. 4-7-52 R 06,5needed owno050140/m00+ecuiy + 1/4intl. Sprro condo room-1furnishe. pool, rb & tennis, gym move in now Mary Ann oAndy 373-646. 4-3-3-2 Nonookin gfesomle roster br w/ ownboth in 3 brop Regency Oaks br urn. avail. cl anytime 373-5964. 4-6-4-2 Ooo5a0t wanted far 2 fb. 1 boh. Vill. park P God s'-t-'l----d 1 -enihbors. ClJudy"374-M.4Kp"yg.42-22 FOR SALE Mobil eho"-.fm.1969 12.45 Cntlo h8o1/,10, oiing,h 0ded park, i 5.from shand. $4100 495-973. 4-1-3-4 VIDEOCLU FORMING oil topes changege IBEtA500 11999V0A T120 1499 professiool lype VWt comers reasonable. 372-7468. Rcaific Stro 95mp8Iffier Rceiver 6 month, old 3250ftostin1g $120 call anytime preferably ofter 5 ask for Joe 378-9635. Zenith 19 inch Orpor ,bl with notw,cy oar good condition $225 cl 377-0104 ofter 6;00 P.o. 4-1-34 Get lid of the sound.8 ofd.ic. or Irro50g AM radio with a visit ao Car Sero. Specikithof 2201 N. 13th St. Open 10-7 0-P. 1-SS. 37-2070 61,494 IOSpood, mono 5/ogwdoo,01.r, brokeseo obles just tued1 very clean bt the raningetop $1 *2 Cthy "4-400(860i) Neky etks& speedeSuits .11% 0a" Bobs Spootong Goodb 31OQ.W 4 S. ehind MateflnAd Po Nil 

PAGE 15

0l'l194O', wea~lOneway, Upl 1, I, 1 3* FOR SALE, Roligh girds 3 speed $70; 2 ton speeds $80, $90. All jus uned, row ports. Ndtuition 1024 NE3rd ve affr 6 or weekends 2 twin beds for sale $15 piece good condition col .-378-9904. 4-6-5-4 Portable drafting table with parallel bar. Carrying case included. $40 372-0633. 4-6-5-4 -. Color TV console 25 inch Motorolo $150 also Seirs Solid state black ond white 19 inch $70 like now coIl Dave 371-0573. 4-1-1-4 CHEAP and in GREAT condition: twin bed and desk. price negotiable. Call 375-1462. 4-6-4-4 King size woterbed $140, full size bed w/ hoodboard SM. twir We costro convertible $70, dresser $45. call 378-0190 anytime. 4-7-5-4' 10 sipped for sale, Good condition. Coll 375-6423. Ask for J.P. $40 firm. 4-3-3-4 SANSUI QRX-7001 om/fm 4 channel tuneranp. 27 waft per channel. $290. Call 378-8199 evenings. 4-7-5-4 Mattress & box Spring $40 Two huge dresser drawers $60. 378-4617. MUST SELL 4-3-3-4 AUTOS '66 mustang 3-SP. 6 cly ok condo. $950 475-2299. 4-3-5-5 77 Mercury Capri Ghio V6 4spd. AM/FM tape tinted windows good gas oc ps pb great car $350371-0719, 4-7-5-5 72 Dodge Charger perfect body and engine. low miW9 9w point a/c and radials asking $11or best offer 377-7141 afterr 5 p.m. 4-7-6-5 SERVICES KARATE EQUIP. uniforms and sparring equipment in stock. Any type equip con be ordered with minimal del. time Call 375-8144 or visit 30e W. Univ. Ave. Wodo-Kai Karate Classes for adults and children. Special beginners program. Self defense, conditioning, self-confidence. Call 375-8144 Or visit the main school at 308 W. University Ave. Visitors Welcome. HORSES Come ride at Sleepy Hollow Horse Form,I instruction (hunt seat + dressage) beautiful trails, finest boarding facilities, Leasing + rentals375-R1R1. 6-5-49-6 CUONG NHU soft style martial art learn b999991.1 oI-dfens r nnerstngth body +mind conditioning taught by Maser No nDg. 37-4172orvsitR09W. Univ. for more informat1ion. 4-21-17-6 STEREOS FIXED CHEAP I ife without tunes con be adrug call a professional technician Bryce Welch373-GOLD. 4-3-5-6 KARATE EQUIPMENT for sale gis weapons 41ri gequipem.n kck bogs kookcll 378-4172 9, 0isit CuoogNho 9919t. center 809 W. Univ. 4-221 -" CHILDREN'S KARATE oges 7-12 teaches discipline concentration cooperation selfdefense enroll now Cuong Nhu Karate 809 W. Univ. or call378-4172. 4-22-18-6 SCUBA CLASSES BEGIN April 14, or April 27 011 1.sell .I9f94ie ondonin,,g mental and physical scipie andmore coil 378-"172 or visit our facilities at 809 W. University avenue. 4-21-17-6 Professional TYPING recorded on mog cards fo updating withotretyping.Grad Sohool approved.oKa he ine376-3766 6-5-49-A TYPING IBMMogCard11 Spiral binding Xerox Copies-Editing 1219 W. University Ave. 378-935 (One Block from Compus) WANTED McDONALDS GAME; don't trosh with might be cash! will trade pieces, give away extras, shore winings. 373-3943, 8 to Ia.m. 4-3-5-7 CASH For gold, sterling, diamonds,e owelry.y class rings, coins, dental gold. Will visit your home. 376-5235 Mr. Rittman. 6-5-49-7 Wanted: Quality Alen to join in building Delta Sigma Phi Frownity Tues -Fri Nites 12 Fraternity Row More info Jeff 375-2935 Steve375-1089. 4-3-4-7 377-2344 for TOP Market CASH on Silver and Gold items of oil king. Yes We buy class rings of all types + sizes. 377-2344. 6-5-47-7 HELP WANTED Tired about the some old world? Do something about iti Call Peace Corps 392-1725. 4-3-5-8 Housing Coordinator Full time temporary position (10-12 mos.) to help develop a local non-profit housing organizations. Some travel. Required experience / knowledge of community., organizing banking, real estate. local government or social services. Good organizer, self-starter. Solary $14,000. Moil resume to NRC 2435 S.W. 21st St. Miami33145. 4-3-5-8 Wearelook.gforambitiousindividuals to work port-time in evenings. Responsibilities include cleaning of offices and employee areas. Hours flexible. Call or come to Bear Archery; 376-2327 EEO M/F/H 4-1-3-8 EARN EXTRA MONEY 2-3 hours a week in your SPARE TIME. Earn $10 twice a week. Donte Plosmo. GAINESVILLE PLASMA CORP. (Since 1969) 516 W. Univ. Ave. 378-9431. Call for appointment. THIS AD WORTH $5 EXTRA. For new donors only. 6-5-49-8 COUNSELORS For North Carolino co-ed summet camp. Room, meals, laundry, salary and travel allowance. Experience not necessary, but must enjoy living and working with children. Only cleon-cul, nonsmoki ctolleg estudentsned na pply. For opplicatio9/bro9119,l write: Camp Pinewoood 1901 Cleveland Rd., Miami -Beach, Ff. 33141. 4-3-5-8 Baby ser needed AMon thru Fri 2-5 pm Housework included. Must hove car. Cloe to campus. Coil 372-1225. 4-3-3-8 OVERSEAS JOBS -Summer/year round Europe, r. 99,AustrliAsi. All felds-. $50()$1200 montly). Sightseein. Free info. Write IJC Box 52-FLOCorona Del AoarCA Bright, efficient, friendly and cheerful ossist1nt needed as rental secretary for Aprl & May. Experience helpful. Could use two people alternating portime or one full time coll Umv Apts376-899. 4-2-2-8 or May 13 or May 26. 5 wk course. InterNot. Cart. CERT. DIVFRS register for Easter Keys trip or Son Salvador Summer trip of Sein aws n L R n ALLEN'S AQUATIC & TRAIL CENT. Univ. 6 & o r35T Ve 34th. 373-9233.4-28-21-6 M k Mike S STUDENT MOVERS. Light moving in a Ford ook -gI.T bacc Van. Low Ratesl 373-5389. 4-14-10-6 CUSTOM DRESSMAKING Professional & lost. s.,A Expert l terations NINA's upstairs o .the renaissance fair 37-6462. 4-7-5-6 PERSONAL Bsy ,medical student w9hes to meet0nelbgent, attractive female. Send pertinent information and snapshot to PO box 13762. G'v.lle. 4-1-3-9 reserve for seder m ift items. H e 16 NW 18stcall372-2900 4-3-5-9 You hove 0 check out the record e change buy sell or trode new used record albums highest trade, best prices 439 S Main 374-8494. 4-15-12-9 "THE8 POLITICS OF 99100198S SPIRITUALITY" AI lctreby Z. BudopstFr. April 3 of8 p.m. in Room 8-74 of the Union. $5 negotiable. 4-2 2-9 10% Disc to UF/SFCC students with ID on supp.-weavig basketry, art. 14 NWIh SI 378-5509 -CreativeExpreons. 4-14 10-9 SHORTWAVE RADIO converter for your car radio -How worldwide broadcasts while you drive. Powerful, sensitive, installs in minutes. Does not interfere with your re99lar AM 9, FMreception. Free detail.1 McCulloch Electroncs, Box 72F. Stokvise MS 39759. 4--5-9 NATURAL FABRICS + FOLKWEAR PATTERNS upstairs at the renaissance fair. be creative and sove 375-6462. 4-7-5-9 SPRING GET AWAY A quiet spring vocation in the Smokes with wind by tPlhe firesie in yor own cllag. $30 nt1y19/wee.ky fo2 people.M009tain Brook, U.S. 441 South, Sylva. N.C 704-586-4329. 4-22-22-9 The respiratory therapy program at Santa Fe Community College is accepting ppic a lions for the next class to begin Sept. 1981. Contact Health Related Counseling for application 375-4200. 4-1-1-9 RECOVERED STUTTER? Need adults who formerly stuttered for research project., harmless spiking task; $5/hr Call K. Morris 378-4544 or wr0e c/o Speed & Hearing Clinc 442ASB,UF. 4-10-8-9 BROADCAST *MAJORS An opportunity to odd to your tv experience whileatUF. Were nowacceptingppic lions for two positions: Newscaster and News Editor this will evolve working on a weekly news show to air on local tv. Can't pay you, but will be great experience. You should hve some tv course work and lob experience to be considered. Please apply by submitting a resume to T.V. PO Box 14257 Gainevil, .If 3264. New ior,99 ploseenc osow riting samples;INewsc.ster, please enclose photo. 4-10-10-9 DELTA CHI 6FraternityRow SPRING RUSH'81 March30 Aprl 4 Coll 372-9466 for more info 4-3.5-9 Save 10% on all Backpacks + $2 off any rocket restringing wth mention of this ad hr 6e 7th. LloydClak's Rocket Shop 1508 leans store. 4-3-5-9 FREE PREGNANCY TEST FREE COUNSELING ALSO AVAILABLE call BIRTHRIGHT 377-4947. 6-5-49-9 Too shy to ploy macho of6th ba, woldlike ;o go if-you-have.a9co9. andar9-f-male-over 23. want2s9omesingglasting,0then plea secoil me. 691 29 single ond white m09le, 0m sightless, handsome and musical. David, 371-0444 4-1-3-9 Reg. $21.95 Aluminium R ac k e t b aII Racket $14.95 Sale plus 10% off all Rocketbolls ith mention of this ad Lloyd Clarke's Rocket Shop. 150 NW 13th St 372-7836. Active women: Athletic, omiable SWM.30 would like to meet mature, open-minde woman924-32 to enjoy1spots,1moviesoad 4n"*g:'9Rob 1"'N ManStnBoxo6 C Goinesville 32601. 4-2-4-9 Scientist, Toll, Handsome, well paid, prominent, sincere, age 28, seeking beautiful, bright woman, age 18-24, who dppreciates the finer things: nature, the beach, music, art, science, elegant clothing, select cuisine, sports cars, etc. Please send letter and photo, will reply with some. RA, 2306 S.W. 13thSt. #1001. G'vlle, 32608. 4-3-5-9 unwanted hair removed forever 30 years exp. Edmund Dwyer R.E. facial boar removal Rhoda Farina R.E. body hair Bikini-Line ho gone fo'eve. We're at 440 Newberry Rd. Suite 1350 Gainesvlle ph. 372-8039. 6-5-49-9 McDONALD'S GAME; Don't trash your cash! wll trade pieces, giveaway extras, share $ won.-373-94 -1 a m.a avA-3-5 U of F Sbol~kn Koool lb coIso MooWed-Fri, 6-7:00 Beg. clan M-W-F 5-6:00 p.m. Meetingin NormanGym. 4-3-5-9 POETS: We are selecting work for 1981 Anthology. Submit to: Contemporary Poetry PressP.0o Box 88 Lansing. N.Y .14882. 43-5-9 CARPET room size pieces. The place town to buy carpet remnant of the best p9ces in Stringfellow supply 1015 S. Mamn 376-7511 6-5-49.9 LEARN TO SKYDIVE With the UF Falling Gtors Parachute Club No experience necessary, for info cal 372-1957 4-17-15-9 MASADA ABC TV special sun oprl 5 thru wed opil 8 9-11 pm in the Hillel lounge free refreshments call 372-2900. 4-359 -Hos eLovers belong of Melton. Stables lon.gest trail, largest 0s9talls91100nowfll, co4e svc Call Sol y9rDave3780495. $$ for records. We buy, sell + trade records at TOM'S USED GROOVES 1642 W. U9v Ave. (above Super Skates) 376-1472. 6-5-49-9 HYPOGLYCEMIC? Know someone who is? U.F. Student Hypoglycemict Society; if interested coil 376-1674. 4-1-3-9 KARATE Wodo-Ko style. UF inr1muryos. No charge for instruction. Special beginners program. Coil 375-8144 Ask for Cory. 4-17-15-9 LOST& FOUNr FOUND 3/yo. old fat 0'ti9rier mix Ton with 4 while paws & While fur on nose & tIp of tal Foundriser Great Southern. 4-75-Il ,emaleSheposdto, Block9ton,.65bs.no collar,0nswers to Showncie Lost seen 3/4 leoopc 11378-0252 Reward 4 3-3-11 ,_ jinesv I Best THE VILLAGE 'Close to campus but in a country seating" "The best recrection-pool, lighted racquetballtennis courts, basketball court, volleyboll *The best maintenance *The best management 1The best parties (2 this summer) Gooneslle 9s most popular opt complex has o few I Br opts for summer fol Unfrn S205-Furn $215 Wow, pest con rol, sewer. garbage incl Please hurry. e excellent facihties and low rent mean th119190 owil nobovo ioble ong A minyd.positlrlnholdyouoopt3753072 Sor.n urn iocPP Students' Be A VOTIN'GATOR Put MORE into '* Gainesville than your 4* Money! Vote in Alachua Countyl 1st Big Event of the Spring VOTER it REGISTRATION DRIVE April 1, 2, 3 it Kick-Off Rally with debate on issues Wed. April 1, 12 noon* *DAILY REGISTRATION LOCATIONS: GPA, Union Colonnade, HUB, Student Services in Tigert Hall & around campus Wrs onsrd by Stud~nt Gov't. GATOR SHOP .Dolfin Shorts I rS Strip In Stock Stripes os & Panels in Stock Panels e l Your Black, Brown, Gold, Green/White Aqua/White Looking foraarMaroon, Navy, Navy/White Beige/Brown Orange, Purple, Orange/White Navy/Gold in Travel? Royal, White, Red Red/White Red/White SRoyol/White Royal/White Airline/Travel Agency RyFaAYWApriih3i:00p.m.hite Florid. 8Irin"uof N Qur m Heothh -We Stock Sizes Training Classes GoineRsHC*Sopi*gCener Extra/Small Thru Size Large For more information call: Starting April 20 374 o47 Register at: 3Gator Shop Hardee Plaza CreesideAcross From Murphree Area H o TU)VE0 CreeksideW MM1Gainesville, Florida Hidm 372.60 MC Phone 376-5191 VISA All Brooks & Nike Shoes 10% Discount .eIfp t 141 Ii) f m I 

PAGE 16

16, alligator, wednesday, april 1, 1981 sports Gator baseball on recovery path As spring quarter begins, and UF shows wh\ it is so often referred to as a part school, the clanging sounl of aluminum bats resounds at Perry Field. That's no big deal. There were bats clanging during winter quarter also. But that was before it happened. What happened you ask? We will have to start our store at the beginning-. Our heroes in blue and orange opened the season against top-ranked Miami. The Gators dropped both games of the series -a painful remembrance to sa\ the least. But at least we took solace in the fact that the team only could move up in the win column. Then the Gators proved themselves by sweeping a two-game series against a mighty foe from Clemson. joy gayoso sporftscen But just as easily as hope grew for Gator fans all over the contir.ent, it fell again in a sloppy loss to Georgia Southern. But before too many fans could contemplate taking their lives, the awesome Gator squad won four consecutive games. But they just didn't seem like the Gators of old. The weren't bombing their opponents like the old days, when you couldn't decide whether the score you heard was actually a baseball or basketball score. The defense was off. The hitting was off. The baserunning was off. And coach Jay Bergman wore the siillen look of a man that was just told the Great Gator in the ski was lying. The Gators had a fine record at 7-4, but four losses was not reminiscent of the Gator style of a year ago, when the team had a 40-16 record. Florida State would be the real test for the Gators. No one could give a reason for the slow start. Bergman said they were playing too tight. Players complained of untimely mental errors, while fans wondered ifi outside forces had tampered with their intrepid stars. The Gators lost the first game to FSU, but this is UF and FSU basebc By Jay Gayoso Alligator Staff Writer The onlk thing that is certain in a UF-Florida State match-up is something will happen. A problem which has perplexed players, fans ai coaches is trying to guess what that something might be. Tonight, the Gators travel to Tallahassee with both UF and FSU on hot streaks. UF has won seven of eight games since it played FSU in a two-gamoe series in Gainesville March 13 and] 14. The Seminoles have been buss and red hot since that series, going through a I 2-game win streak at one time. "I think this kind of game is a pride thing for the players," UF coach Jay Bergman said. "We're playing loose, and we scored 35 runs against Vanderbilt. It all Golfers looking for str4 By Chuck Mulling Alligator Staff Writer It's virtually do or die for UF's golf team the next time days. Even though the Gators are ranked seventh nationally in the latest edition of Golf World, the team hasn't been assured of receiving a bid to the NCAA championships in May. But with e Nlfour ii tournaments liftn dits schedule betfire NCAA bids are extended, CF needs a solid performance beginning today in the 72-hole AllAmerican Intercollegiate in Houston. The Gators' nine-tournament schedule this season has been highlighted by two tournaments won back to back in November, the Florida and the Dixie Intercollegiates. Since then, however, UF has taken its lumps. plunging to a disappointing eighth-place finish at the Gator Invitational in Februarn and a I 5th-place effort at the Guadalajara Invitational in Mexico three weeks ago. The Gators responded somewhat with a third-place finish last weekend at the Jr.-Sr. Invitational in Dadeville, Ada., but wound up 20 strokes back after trailing by only six shots entering the final 18 holes. when the amazing IT happened. The Great Gator god siiled on his Gators again. As a result, this shelled the Seniioles, rackig LpI 17 runs and were guided back on the path of true Gatorhood. Following this divine moment, the Gators won six consecutive games, until a loss in the second of three games with Vanderbilt. Team statistics went wild. Dav' Falcone, a 6-2, 220-pounder who looks like he could eat a small cow for lunch if he felt like it, boosted his average to .344 after a dreadful slump. Seven other Gators, led by Dennis Foster's .364, are batting higher than .300. How could this turnaround come Osii quickly? "Baseball takes tiie," Bergman said. "The more games you play ,the better 'ou get." Unfortunately, the Southeastern Conference limits the number of games each of its teams can play which isn't the case for FSU. Maybe if the Gators played about 2,000 games a year they could challenge some pro teams. Players were about as durbfounded by their early season lack of success as anyone else. "I guess I got off to a pretty slow start," Falcone said with a bear-like grin. "I was hitting the ball, but it was always at someone." Falcone has hit eight homers this year, two short of his 1980 total. Center fielder Glenn Carpenter has been about as consistent as the sunrise every morning. He is hitting .356, and his 31 hits leave him tied with Falcone for the team lead. "Baseball is a series of peaks and valleys," explained Bergman. "At the beginning of the season we were in a valley, but we're on the way to a peak. So now the 16-7 Gators ride'the crest of consistenev. The players say they have the momentum and conf ilence they need to continue winning. In the words of shortstop Brian Arnold, "There is nothing that helps a team win more than winning itself." Which means that if the Gators continue at this pace, they could go undefeated for the rest of the season. ill teams square off depends on how our pitchers do." The Gators will start right-hander Nick Krsnich (4-1) and left-hander Mike McClellan (2-0) on the mound for the twii-game series that ends Thursday night. FSU will counter with left-hander Clem Freeman (3-1), who beat the Gators 3-1 earlier this season, and right-hander Rich Hatcher (3-2). I just have to pitch real smart," McClellan said. "It's (Seminmole Field) not a real big ballpark, and FSUwill take-c-are Of yOur mistakes real fast." Led by All-American (-enter fielder Mike FUiintis 0371), the Seminoles can cash in on miscues very quickly. Fuentes has 18 homers this season, which brings his college career homerun total to 55, and leaves him just Onehomerun shy of Bob Horner's record while at Arizona State. ong showing in Houston But even though the team has slumped recently, head coach John-Darr said he's optimistic about this week's event at the tough Bearcreek Golf Club. "Everybody's hitting the ball well," Darr said Tuesday after the team concluded its practice round on the 7 ,000-yard layOUt. "I feel good about our chances. But if this week's Gator contingent of Pat Venker, Tony DeLuca, Steve Waggoner, John Given and Chip Hall are to turn Darr's optimism into reality, they'll have t oi>me up with four solid rounds against a strung field. Trading swings with UF today through Saturday on the par 72 course will be Houston, Oklahoma State, Arizona and Stanford. Teams closer to home are Louisiana State, Furman and South Florida. Despite the Gators having only four tourneys left to prove to the NCAA tournament committees that they're a national contender, Darr has taken a low-key approach to the tes m's must-win situation. "(rhe bids) are still up for grabs for everybody," Darr said. "We still have four more tournaments to .show what we can do." But with a high finish this week, the three remaining events may become less important. Lady Gator star Hazel Fuller belts one out Softball team dumps rivals By Arnold Summers AllIigator Writer On a dreary, overcast Tuesday afternoon, UF blocked any rays of hope Florida State may have had with a 6-run outburst in the first inning that paved the way for an 8-2 win at the Lady Gator Softball Field. The sun finally came out as Jacksonville University took the field against UF in the final game of a tri-game series between the three teams, but Lady Dolphin errors and lack of hitting shone as UF walloped Jacksonville University 10-1. The wins boosted the Lady Gators' record to 22-5. They have now won three straight from FSU after losing three out of four from the Lady Seminoles in the beginning of the year. Jacksonville is still looking for its first win against UF. "We were getting a little bit psyched out in the beginning of the season," UF coach Linda Marker said. "Now it doesn't matter who is out there, garnet and gold or green and yellow, we know we have to play our game. -As long as we do that we're going to come out on top. We're putting pressure on the other team now, they ha\e to play super to beat us." UF unloaded its barrage on FSU right from the start by getting its first five runners on base, all of whom scored. Gigi Herndon's triple capped the 6-run inning and her home ruB in the third inning gave her four RBI's in the game. Herndon credited her previoVs slump for her success at the plate. "We've played Florida State seven times now," Herndon said. "We know how they play and they know how we play. Since I haven't been hitting the ball lately, I guess they were playing in. If they had been playing further back, I would have gone 0-3." Herndon scored on Sherree Frazier's single that gave FSU pitcher Stacey Saunier an early exit as FSU coach JoAnne Graf replaced the shell-shocked pitcher with Susan Painter. Painter got them out of the inning with no further damage but it wasn't enough as the Lady Gators coasted to victory. Graf was obviously disappointed in her team's performance, as its record dropped to 22-5. She also saw her starting catcher, Venus Ross, get knocked from the game on a freak play. Carlyce Cononie, who was swinging a bat in the batter's box while awaiting a pitch, accidently struck Ross in the mouth, chipping a couple of teeth. In the game with Jacksonville, the score was tied 1-1 until the bottom of the fourth inning when the Lady Gators erupted for four runs. Frazier connected with the big blow, a double that scored Hazel Fuller and Valerie Dawson, who had reached base on singles. Five more runs in the sixth inning sealed the Lady Dolphins fate as their record fell to 17-6. The Lady Gators next play Lake City Community College on April 8. 
