
PAGE 1

Today We Inform. You Decide.Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida Senate sees academic and student organization budgetTheyll discuss it further next week, pg 3. Stores prepare for Final Four merchandise crazeShirts are a hot commodity, pg 5. UF student uses YouTube to ask Tim Tebow to military ballShe wants his support for a fundraiser, pg 8. Karsten Whitson pitched two innings if UFs 11-inning, 5-4 loss to FAU on Tuesday. Read the story on page 13. 86 /56 FORECAST 2 OPINIONS 6 CLASSIFIEDS 10 CROSSWORD 11 SPORTS 13 KELCEE GRIFFISAlligator Staff WriterJake Rush is running for U.S. Congress. Hes a lawyer. And, sometimes, when hes not working, hes also Lord Staas van der Winst. The candidate up against incumbent Gainesville Tea Party Congressman Ted Yoho has drawn criticism in the past week after the SaintPetersblog published a post calling out Rush for taking part in supernatural role-playing games. Since then, the story has been picked up by national publications like Vanity Fair and Gawker. The blog cited message board posts made by Chazz Darling, supposedly one of Rushs online personas, that insinuated sexually assaulting another character. Rush is open about his involvement in acting and roleplaying. In the Gainesville chapter of fantasy-themed gaming and acting community The Camarilla, he portrays the character listed as Lord Staas van der Winst on the groups Wikipedia page. But his campaign says some critics are rushing to inaccurate conclusions about the implications of his hobbies. Alex Patton, a campaign spokesman, said the blog spun Rushs involvement in gaming and acting as Satan worship. Patton said Rushs hobby VOLUME 108 ISSUE 128 WWW.ALLIGATOR.ORG WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014Rachel Crosby / Alligator StaffLeaping by the LakeZhuyuan Huang, 4, plays on the banks of Lake Alice on Tuesday afternoon. The lake, located on UFs campus, is one of several locations to view live alligators in Gainesville. ALYSSA PIVNIOUKAlligator Contributing WriterUF students hoping to visit Dallas for the Final Four this weekend can make their trip easy with several travel package arrangements. The Gainesville-based Luxury Travel Institute and the University Athletic Association are providing students with four-day travel packages that include bus tickets and hotel accommodations. The company has 52 spots open for $339 per person. The trip includes round-trip coach transportation as well as a fournight stay at a hotel. The package also provides transfers from the hotel to Gators pep rallies and the games, said Andy Bailey, the companys president. He said he has been running sports-oriented trips since Steve Spurrier was at UF. He said he provides these student packages because the companys roots are in the university community  Bailey founded the company about 30 years ago while he was a UF student. You gotta take care of the people who took care of you, Bailey said. The University Athletic Association is also offering packages to students who attended three or more home basketball games this year. Jonathan Arnholz, vice president of the Mens Basketball Rowdies, said his organization has been pushing the whole season for a bus package from the UAA if the Gators advanced to the Final Four.Final Four-teen hour drive? Gators plan Dallas tripsSome bus tickets are $30LOCAL SEAN STEWART-MUNIZAlligator Staff WriterFor students wondering where spam folders come from, theres more to the process than someone on the other end clicking the send button. Spring has seen recurring emails in students university accounts for an online college networking service called ClusterFlunk. Founder AJ Nelson wrote a public records request to UF at the beginning of the semester for a list of students email addresses and majors. Although federal law under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act protects students information, not all of it remains private. Directory information, or details deemed not harmful or an invasion of privacy, are available to the public upon request. Such is the case at UF, where tain a students information: their name; email address; phone number; local and permanent address; major; class and college; enrollment status; date of attendance; degrees and awards received; previous educational institutions attended; weight and height of university athletes; publication titles for dissertations; and nature and place of employment at UF. UF spokeswoman Janine Sikes wrote in an email that the university receives about 15 of these requests per semester. The University of Florida is required by law to provide directory information on its students, faculty and staff if requested, Sikes said. Like students, faculty and staff also receive unwanted email from vendors. Some of it some gets through, nonetheless. While she said the university hasnt received complaints regarding spam emails, ClusterFlunks emails arent just going into spam folders. Michael Stone, a 26-year-old UF teaching assistant and gradu-Advertisement emails bring up student data privacy issueYoho challenger Rush called out for LARPing SEE EMAIL, PAGE 4 SEE LARP, PAGE 4 SEE BASKETBALL, PAGE 4 Janine Sikes 

PAGE 2

News Today Subscription Rate: Full Year (All Semesters) $100The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, pubThe Alligator The Alligator is The Alligator ISSN 0889-2423 The Alligator The Alligator 2, ALLIGATOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 TODAYFORECASTSUNDAY SATURDAY FRIDAY THURSDAY CLOUDY 83/63 THUNDERSTORMS 82/61 CLOUDY 83/61 SUNNY 87/59 SUNNY 86/56 VOLUME 108 ISSUE 128 registration cost for Gator 1 Card holders (including students and staff) is $12, which includes the event T-shirt and breakfast after the event. Gator 1 Card holders can register guests for $20. Participants can register onsite (cash and checks only) for $10, which includes breakfast but does not include the event T-shirt. For more information, visit recSports.ufl.edu. Restoring Bambooville A group of students is working to present a formal proposal to the Lakes, Vegetation and Landscaping Committee as well as the Land Use and Facilities Planning Committee to bring back Bambooville. To help, find the Facebook page Restore Bambooville, or contact Elliot Larkin at Larkin@ufl.edu or Nick Chrone at NChrone@ufl.edu. Also, sign the petition on Change.org. Got something going on? Want to see it in this space? Send an email with Whats Happening in the subject line to kgriffis@alligator.org. To ensure publication in the next days newspaper, please submit the event before 5 p.m. Please model your submissions after above events and keep them 150 words or fewer. Improperly formatted Whats Happening submissions may not appear in the paper. Press releases will not appear in the paper.WHATS HAPPENINGUbuntu UF African Student Union presents the 42nd Annual Showcase of African fashion, dance, art, drama and food, so dress up and enjoy an entertaining night of full-blown African culture Saturday at 7 p.m. in the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom. Edible Book Contest All UF students, faculty and staff are invited to create an edible book and enter it in the George A. Smathers Libraries contest April 9 from 11 a.m. to noon on the walkway in front of Library West. The only rules are that it must be edible and must be somehow related to a book. Judges will determine the winner in each category, and the winners will be awarded prizes. Winners will be announced at 12:15 p.m. and do not have to be present to win. Categories: Peoples Choice (voted by the public), Best Childrens Book, Best Non-Cake Entry, Best Non-Fiction Book and Best Pun. More information: uflib. ufl.edu/readfest/ediblebook. html. RUB Entertainment Presents: Big Orange Festival We cordially invite he Gator Nation to the first Big Orange Festival April 11 at 7 p.m. in the Reitz Union. Featuring CollegeHumor Lives Jake and Amir, a nationally recognized musical act to be announced soon, art vendors, free food and more. Make sure to like Big Orange Festival on Facebook. See you at #BigOrangeFest. UPTAs Carnival for Kids The Undergraduate Physical Therapy Association would like to invite UF families to its kids carnival. The carnival will be April 12 from noon to 4 p.m. on Hume Field. Admission is $5 per family. All proceeds will be donated to muscular dystrophy research and related causes. There will be a Scooby-Doo bounce house, giant bubble stations, arts and crafts, face painting, prizes, raffles and more. Please contact UPTA at ufupta@gmail.com with any questions. Celebrate Passover with UF Hillel Not going home for seder? UF Hillel has got you covered. Passover begins April 14, and UF Hillel will be organizing seders for the first two nights of the holiday. There are many options to satisfy all our students needs. If you are interested in attending a large campus seder, participating in a themed seder, or hosting a smaller one with friends, please register for Passover at www.ufhillel. org. All food served will be Kosher for Passover. Seders at Hillel are subsidized for students and cost $15. No student will be turned away due to financial hardship. If you need financial assistance, please email rabbiswedroe@ufhillel.org or call 352-372-2900. Lavender Graduation LGBT Affairs is hosting its annual Lavender Graduation April 18 at 7 p.m. The ceremony acknowledges the achievements and contributions of LGBT and ally students at UF. The event is to recognize these students leadership and community service experiences that have made a difference in improving the campus climate regarding LGBT issues. If you are graduating, please notify LGBT Affairs to be recognized and receive a Lavender Graduation certificate as well as a rainbow tassel. LGBT Affairs is also looking for candidates for Spring 2014 Community Impact Awards and Rainbow Alliance Awards for Student LGBT Service and Research. Velo Vixen MTB Skills Clinic The second annual Velo Vixen MTB Skills Clinic will be held April 19 at 9 a.m. at San Felasco Hammock Preserve State Park. Lunch will be provided by Harvest Thyme Cafe and all participants will receive a fabulous Vixen commemorative T-shirt. Reservations are not necessary, but strongly encouraged. You can register online using PayPal here: touchstoneval.com/vixenclinic.html Midnight Fun Run 2014 Join us for the eighth annual Midnight Fun Run, a 5K run or 1-mile walk around Lake Alice. The event is the last day of Spring classes, April 23, at 11:59 p.m. Registration is open on RSConnect at rsconnect.recsports.ufl.edu. The first 150 registrants will receive a RecSports flashing LED light wand. The Have an event planned? Add it to the Alligators online calendar:alligator.org/calendar 

PAGE 3

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 ALLIGATOR, 3 Jordan McPherson / Alligator StaffSen. Davis Bean, the chair of the budget and appropriations committee, talks Tuesday evening STUDENT GOVERNMENT HANNA MARCUSAlligator Staff Writerhmarcus@alligator.orgIn Tuesday nights Senate meeting, 71 senators unanimously passed two resolucal year. Sen. Davis Bean, chair of the budget and allocations committee, presented the proposed budget. The money will go to academic and student organizations. Bean said his committee spent more than 50 hours on the budget. It really is a big and tedious process going line item by line item through all these (organizations) budgets, he said, but its enjoys as well. The student organization budget totaled about $1 million. The budget committee met with 48 student organizations in about 26 hours. Of these student organizations, three new groups will receive money from SG: the Iranian Student Association, PhDMoms Pro-Life Alliance and Student Animal Alliance, fell out of the budget cycle. The budget also allocates about $425,000 to 20 academic organizations. In addition to the presentation, senators unanimously passed two resolutions. who recently died. The second resolution supported a strategic response discouraging racism on campus. This resolution was Wanted Dog for Cash.Senate sees academic and student organization budget It really is a big and tedious process going line item by line item through all these (organizations) budgets, but its something I enjoy and know the committee enjoys as well.Sen. Davis Beanbudget and allocations committee chair 

PAGE 4

was mischaracterized by his opposition as a political hack job. But, he said, you kind of expect these things when youre campaigning. The Alligator could not reach Yoho for comment. In a statement, Rush said that as a Christian, he was deeply offended that the opposing campaign and their supporters would take a gaming and theatre hobby and mischaracterize it. He also indirectly addressed allegations about the posts. expressing ideas and thoughts that are not your own, he said. But some Gainesville community members seemed unfazed and even positive about Rushs hobbies. Harry Beck, a 21-year-old UF anthropology junior who is the secretary for the campus tabletop gaming club Delta Nu Delta, said Rush would likely get a lot of respect from the nerd community. I think it makes him a lot more human, Beck said. He noted gaming and role-playing are simply hobbies that shouldnt be considered odd in context. Everyone has something that they take part in to blow off steam, he said. Some people go out to nightclubs. Some people go hunting. Other people play games with friends, and some people LARP. Journalism junior Lawrence Chan, the 21-year-old main organizer for SwampCon, an anime, gamrumors about Rushs private hobbies shouldnt impact his campaign. Rush and Yoho will face off in the Aug. 26 Republican primary. The general election for the District 3 congressional seat will be Nov. 4. ate student, took notice when ClusterFlunks emails visited his typically spam-free inbox. Within three weeks, three more emails appeared. Stone took his concerns to Twitter, where he questioned ClusterFlunk on where it obtained his email. ClusterFlunk apologized and removed him from its mailing list. He said his issue isnt with ClusterFlunk but with its cluttering of email accounts reserved for educational purposes. If everyone found out about this practice, if companies started automatically doing this  itll be worse than your personal email, he said. As a teacher of an online course for the College of Journalism and Communications, Stones main mode of communication with his students is through email, he said. If the volume of spam emails picks up in UF email accounts, hes worried his students wont be able to see his emails or check their inboxes at all. Although students cant stop anyone from requesting their information, steps can be taken to shield their inboxes from spam. Florida Bridgewater-Alford, director of campus communications outreach, wrote in an email that students can check the universitys help desk wiki for information on 4, ALLIGATOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014Courtesy to the Alligator Congressional candidate Jake Rush and his wife, Anne, pose in JENNA LYONSAlligator Staff Writerjlyons@alligator.orgFor Gainesvilles homeless residents, the citys former correctional facility couldnt become a shelter any sooner: One of the property owners of Tent City plans to evict residents. The owner wants to clear his property before selling it, and with the eviction looming, the Alachua County Coalition for the Homeless and Hungry is suggesting residents head to the new shelter, called Gainesville Regional Area Community Empowerment, or GRACE Marketplace, when it opens next month. Its a shame because some of these people have been there for many years, said Theresa Lowe, executive director for the coalition. Come May 1, when the shelter opens, displaced homeless residents 39th Avenue. The shelter is set to provide space for about 100 people, Lowe said. City Commissioner Todd Chase ity to a shelter. He said he cant say for sure if Tent City residents will will provide relief to any residents trying to get back on their feet. For me, the issue of homelessness has come down to trying to provide opportunities to help the people that want help, Chase said. My main hope is that people come to the center. Meanwhile, nearby business owners who heard of the Tent City eviction said, its about time. Miguel Figueroa said he tries not to judge anyone, but running a repair service for high-end BMWs around the community has been a challenge. Its never been good for business, said Figueroa, owner of Best Motor Works, located at 65 SE 10th Ave. He said the constant exposure, whether people are walking around or begging for money, alienated some clientele. Weve been trying to be as politically correct or nice as possible, he said. Landowner plans to evict homeless Tent City residentsRESEAR CH AMANDA KASTRINOSAlligator Contributing WriterThe future is rich for bone cancer research, thanks to a new discovery by a team of UF veterinary researchers. Dr. Valery Scharf and her team found a gold-based drug may slow the growth of osteosarcoma, or bone cancer tumors, in dogs and people. Scharf said osteosarcoma develops when a group of bone cells become abnormal and start multiplying rapidly. It is typically treated either by surgically removing the tumor or using radiation therapy to kill the abnormal cells. Although these methods treat the tumor locally, Scharf said they dont stop the microscopic spread of the cancer cells to the lungs, which is the major issue with this type of disease. She said by the time the tumor is removed, cancer is usually already affecting the lungs. The life expectancy with those treatments is still often around a year in dogs, she said. So what were looking for are different medications that we can use to make that time period longer. The drug aurothiomalate, or gold salts, ing lung cancer in humans. Scharf said her approach was to take this research and see if it would be effective in dogs and cats. A lot of the good chemotherapy drugs have had a metal molecule in them, she said. So thats why people decided to start looking at gold and seeing if it had similar effects. Although its not shiny like gold, Scharf said the yellow compound has shown positive results slowing tumor growth both in petri dishes and in mice. Scharf said her team still has a lot of research to do before the drug can be used on animals or humans. Larissa Menke, a 21-year-old UF marine science senior, said this discovery promotes one health, the idea that the same medicines can be used to treat animals and humans. Thats exactly what I want to do, applying becoming more common, which is a really important thing for world health. EMAIL, from page 1 LARP, from page 1The association delivered with a travel package that includes $30 round-trip bus tickets and hotel rooms at the Hilton Anatole for about $250 per room per night. Rooms 100 UF students who bought tickets through the student sale, according to a UAA press release. Eligible students can buy tickets for both the Final Four and the national championship for $40 total, said Alicia Longworth, marketing and promotions assistant athletic director. Buses for both travel packages will depart Gainesville Thursday night and arrive in Dallas on Friday morning. Students will arrive back to Gainesville on Tuesday after the national championship game Monday. For students staying in Gainesville, Arnholz said the athletic association will hold a watch party in the Stephen C. OConnell Center if the Gators advance to the national championship. Jake Sillick, last seasons president of the Mens Basketball Rowdies, traveled to the Final Four tournament in 2007 and plans to utilize the UAAs travel package this year. The 25-year-old UF computer and electrical engineering major said the students presence will give the team a boost. Im out-of-my-mind excited, Sillick said. This is something Ive looked forward to for years. BASKETBALL, from page 1 The life expectancy with those treatments is still often around a year in dogs.UF veterinary researcher Its a shame because some of these people have been there for many years. Theresa LoweAlachua County Coalition for the Homeless and Hungry executive director 

PAGE 5

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 ALLIGATOR, 5Rachel Crosby / Alligator StaffBuilding a LegacyGene Leedy, an 86-year-old UF architecture alumnus, poses for a photo Tuesday in the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity house that he designed. His visit commemorated the buildings 50th anniversary. JENNA LYONSAlligator Staff Writerjlyons@alligator.orgGainesville Police arrested a local man Friday following accusations that he and another man picked up a woman from a Midtown bar, took her to a hotel and raped her. Jaser Almutair on charges of sexual battery, according to an arrest report. A second suspect has not been arrested. At about 2:20 a.m. Saturday, Almutair told police he and another man met the victim on the dance City. She was too drunk to remember her name or where she lived, he said. Almutair said they were going to take her home, but she made a sexual reference so they decided to take her to a hotel, according to the report. He denied the victim ever said no. In the hotel bathroom, the victim tried to call her friend for help, but her phone was dead. She told police she remembered vomiting and feeling scared  she didnt know where she was, according to the report. She told police she eventually laid on one of the beds, and both men forced themselves on her despite her protests. Afterward, the two men bought food at a Burger King drive-thru and dropped her off at her apartment, according to the report. the Alachua County Jail at 11:56 p.m., where he remained as of press time in lieu of a $1 million bond.Man picks up woman at Gator City, charged with sexual battery HAILEY GERHARDAlligator Contributing WriterDavid Habib grins from ear to ear when he talks about Molly Oloyi, the namesake of Mollys Beads. UF dual-degree junior Habib, 21, received a 2014 Newman Civic Fellows Award for his work with Mollys Beads and his involvement and dedication to service at UF and abroad. Habib was one of 197 people selected to receive the award, given to college students who make a difference in others lives. Habib said his parents raised him to have a basic awareness that many people arent as privileged as we are here in America. It started with that basic awareness when I was young, he said. It wasnt until I stepped out of my airplane with people I didnt know to Africa, where I really felt my calling to service. On a medical mission trip in 2010, Habib met Molly Oloyi, a woman who made jewelry out of recycled magamedicine. Oloyi was, according to Habib, a mother to all who translated for the mission group, sewed, crafted and educated local children. I immediately felt a connection with her, Habib said. After leaving Uganda, Habib received an email from Oloyi asking him to sell her beads in America, followed by a shipment of 270 pieces of handmade jewelry. elry, which he called Mollys Beads. The following years shipment contained 1,300 beaded pieces of jewelry, which Mollys Beads sold, earning $11,000 for Oloyi and her community. Habibs mark has extended to the Gainesville community as well, where he worked with the One Campaign against world poverty as well as the Ronald McDonald House. Nicole Matuska, a 21-yearold University of North Florida marketing junior, is Habibs close friend and cofounder of Mollys Beads. She said Habibs character is apparent in his interactions with others. David has always been is awesome, but hes also one that brings out the best in other people, Matuska said. He inspires others to be the best that they can be.UF student wins award for service abroad, bead salesLOCAL BRADLEY NORMANAlligator Contributing WriterGainesville Regional Utilities is partnering with Trimark Properties in the development of an electrical meter communication system. The Advanced Meter Infrastructure is being developed by GRU in Trimarks newest property, Savion Park Luxury Apartments, opening in August on Southwest Fifth Avenue. David Lea, AMI project manager at GRU, said the system makes electrical operations It allows us to communicate with those without sending people and equipment out Additionally, customers will be able to speits being used every day, he said. Lea said GRU is testing other meters within Innovation Square businesses and a couple other apartment complexes. Rob Edmunds, the development and construction manager at Trimark, said GRU approached Trimark and asked if it could test its new smart meters on the Savion complex as a part of its pilot program. service rather than having to call, make an appointment and wait for ground personnel, he said. Josh Steppling, marketing and communications associate at Trimark Properties, said he thinks GRU wants to make it a positive experience for the consumer. Their plans are to make it so that people in the future can form a budget, track their spending throughout the month and submit payments, Steppling said. Its going to save people a lot of time and money.Upcoming apartment complex to have new type of electric meter UF BOOKSTORE WILL BRING EXTRA EMPLOYEES. CARLY JUVEAlligator Contributing WriterUF students are gearing up for success of the mens basketball team has the Florida bookstores scrambling to accommodate the impending rush. The UF Bookstore has more than 900 Final Four T-shirts ready for students and fans to purchase, said Pamela Grasso, UF Bookstore general merchandise manager. She said the most popular item will be the T-shirts the team was sporting just after Saturdays win. Students want to be a part of it, Grasso said. They want to repreketball. During the past few home games, the store was packed and sold out of certain merchandise, she said. The bookstore is bringing in temporary Alumni Hall, located at 3730 SW Archer Road, has also felt the demand for basketball attire, said store manager Paloma Puig. We are really excited to be open for the Final Four,, since we have she said. Anh Dang, a 22-year-old UF dental graduate student, was searching for the perfect Final Four T-shirt for gives students something to look forward to on weekends when they dont have to study. Its something that brings us closer together, Dang said.Stores prepare for Final Four craze Its going to save people a lot of time and money.Josh Stepplingmarketing and communications associate at Trimark PropertiesCAMPUSHis bond is $1 millionAlmutair Students want to be a part of it.Pamela GrassoUF Bookstore general merchandise manager 

PAGE 6

Reader responseThe views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator Column Editorial The Alligator will be withheld if the writer shows just cause. We reserve the right to edit for length, grammar, style and libel. Send letters to opinions@alligator.org, bring them to 1105 W. University Ave., or send them to P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, FL 32604-2257. Columns of about 450 words about original topics and editorial cartoons are also welcome. Questions? Call 352-376-4458.Defense against the dark LARPs: a Jake Rush storyJake Rush caught the attention of websites like Gawker when reports surfaced of the Alachua Republican lawyers involvement with live-action role-playing games. During his undergraduate years at UF, Rush was part of The Camarilla, the UF chapter of an international gaming society. Around 2009, under the name of his gaming alter ego Chazz Darling, Rush posted messages in a gaming forum with violent and sexual threats, according to Gawker. While the story admittedly made for a great read-it-laughonce-and-forget-it Gawker post, complete with excerpts of a 2010 Chazz Darling post in which he threatens rape on a presumably female character, it probably wont have much effect on his campaign. What the online stories and inevitable late-night talk show hosts wont mention is that Gainesville residents arent up in arms over the news, even though Rush and Gainesville voters as a whole are pretty conservative. LARPing are overwhelmingly positive and forgiving. Most of them voiced the same sentiment: Who cares what Rush does in his free time? And, to his credit, Rush has been forthcoming about his LARPing. According to the Miami Herald, he said, As a practicing Christian, I am deeply offended that the opposing campaign and their supporters would take a gaming and theatre hobby ing ideas and thoughts that are not your own, just like I dont believe I am MacBeth, which I have played, I am none of the characters. He has a point. And while the Yoho camp and a handful of online media outlets have gleefully used the news to try to humiliate the rookie politician, Rush has handled the scrutiny with poise. We believe that Rushs logic holds up. After all, constant readers of Cormac McCarthy, Stephen King and George R. R. Martin  masters of gore and terrifying sex scenes  dont American audiences have ever seen, but viewers dont believe in his spare time, as long as hes not harming himself or others, is irrelevant to his politics. In the grand scheme of politicians bad behavior  like, say, banging your intern and then lying to a grand jury about it  playing a vampire role-playing game in which all parties involved are accepting of the adult content isnt that bad. The climate is right for Rush to swoop in and claim a victory over Yoho, whos been the laughingstock of Congress since claiming Obamacare is racist and making light of starvation and poverty in America. Will a little strange press get in Rushs way? Probably not.Throughout his administration, Gov. Rick Scott has been able Care Act, more often referred to as Obamacare. After the act passed in 2010, Scott refused to set up an online health care exchange for the state of Florida. In addition, the Scott administrations Department of Health banned navigators, counselors authorized by the act to help sign people up for insurance, from county health departments. Until recently, the governor also opposed the expansion of Medicaid included in the act. Although he recently expressed his support for a limited Medicaid expansion, the Republican-dominated Florida Legislature rejected the proposal. The Legislatures failure to expand Medicaid means that up to 1.3 million Floridians who would have otherwise been eligible for the program will not have that opportunity. Republicans at the federal level have demonstrated a similar hostility toward Obamacare. On March 5, House Republicans voted for the 50th time to repeal the law, a symbolic measure that has no chance of advancing as long as Democrats control the White House and the Senate. Despite the governors best attempts, the Legislature and Republicans in Congress, Obamacare appears to be succeeding in the Sunshine State. The Associated Press reported that more than 440,000 Floridians have signed up for health insurance through the means that Florida is on track to surpass the Congressional in the state. The success of Obamacare in Florida can largely be credwell as federal funding for advertising and outreach efforts. Republican attempts to sabotage Obamacare offer a marked contrast to the last large-scale rollout of a federal health care program. In 2003, former President George W. Bush signed the Medicare Modernization Act into law. The MMA included can senior citizens known as Medicare Part D. Medicare Part D experienced tation, just as Obamacare did. Democrats in Congress and around the country could have seized on the initial failure of the ly. Instead, Democrats dedicated themselves to ensuring that the mented properly. Then-Wisconsin Senator Herb Kohl encouraged his fellow Democrats to put aside any partisan thoughts to work together to get this program running. Hillary Clinton, then a senator from New York, had this to say about Medicare Part D: I voted against it, but once it passed, I certainly determined that I would try to do everything I could to make sure that New Yorkers understood it, could access it and make the best of it. forts of Republicans and Democrats helped it grow into a program that now provides millions of senior citizens with affordable prescription drugs. The Affordable Care Act is not perfect. Its reliance on the private insurance market will result in higher health care tem. However, Obamacare has helped millions of Americans gain access to reasonably affordable health insurance, even with a massive contingent of the political establishment working to sabotage it. How much more successful would the law be if members of both parties worked together toward its improvement? Rather than seeking to destroy Obamacare for political gain, Scott and his fellow Republicans should put their efas possible. Elliot Levy is a UF political science and public relations junior. His column appears on Wednesday.Obamacare succeeding in spite of Scott 123 TOTAL VOTES37% YES 63% NOVote or post a message at www.alligator.orgTuesdays question: Should student athletes be paid? Todays question: Do you have any embarrassing hobbies? WWW.ALLIGATOR.ORG/OPINIONS Julia Glum EDITOR Katherine Kallergis MANAGING EDITORS Chloe Finch OPINIONS EDITOR Elliot Levyopinions@alligator.org 

PAGE 7

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 ALLIGATOR, 7 For the past few weeks, the left has been hell-bent on criticizing Republican campaign donors. The overwhelming amount of this one-sided smearing and demonization borders on the absurd. While delivering a speech on the ential Republican donors, are un-American and addicted to Koch, as the senator put it. The media and even columnists in this newspaper have chamconservative ones at that. Lets clear the air before we move on: I completetaken over politics. the efforts on the left to outspend and out-raise the The partisans mentioned have criticized the Koch brothers, Sheldon Adelson and other Repubcriticizing donors on the left. While these self-righteous commentators and and their interests. sues, the number of facts disregarded mounts. Democratic billionaire donor George Soros was instrumental in attacking the Bush agenda. Are Soon this. hedge fund manager, vows to push more than $100 million to Democratic candidates supporting green initiatives. about this development in the Alligators opinion section. All the righteous indignation aside, we can turn to Reids campaign to illuminate and educate us on the proper that were the case. The senators campaign bought granddaughter. ing a group of people un-American is disgusting. makes this claim. Turning to the Koch brothers, the two have donated countless sums to the arts, the state of New that will force unsuspecting viewers to either curse at the ad or search their couches for the remote control, that is their prerogative. Then again, Demoincreases. But when criticizing this issue, leave the partisan rancor at the door and do a little research before making damaging assertions. Michael Beato is a UF economics sophomore. His columns appear on Wednesdays.Enough already: Left is hypocritical Column Michael Beatoopinions@alligator.org H commercials. meshed together. If this happens, create short-term goals. After Friends: beforehand. Crushes: Designate a class crush. attractive TA, that cute kid who somehow knows the answer to Games: ridiculous game. Five points for making a clever comment in a with a nonbulls**t answer. Gabrielle Nguyen is a writer for the Daily Californian. A version of this column originally appeared on UWire. Eyes wide shut: How to survive those boring classesGuest column Gabrielle NgyuenUWire 

PAGE 8

JANA BERKOWITZAlligator Contributing WriterKeira Hornyak is trying to chomp her way into Tim Tebows heart. Shes asking him to a military ball in the hope of securing him as an endorsement for her upcomHornyak, a 19-year-old UF political science freshman, made a YouTube video slideshow to share her message. The video includes pictures of Hornyak posing in iconic campus locations with signs asking Tebow to be her date. The ball is about celebrating what the Army stands for, and I want to share that with Tebow, she said. Hornyak said she has admired Tebow for a long time and wanted a unique reason to gain his attention for her fundraiser. The Cystic FiCystic Fibrosis Foundation, is planned for Fall 2014. The fundraiser will be a It is designed to be a challenging course representing climbing to new heights in Hornyaks inspiration for creating the event lies in her friend Chase Honeycutt, a 19-year-old Santa Fe College business sophomore who has She said he works harder than a lot of people she knows and changed her view on life. If he can get up and do everything he does in a normal day, then I have no excuse to not do what I am supposed to be doing, Hornyak said. Honeycutt said this fundraiser has great potential to raise both awareness and money for the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. He said he also hopes to see the North Central Florida chapter of the Cystic Fibrotheir work. I think it is a great opportunity for the university and the CF foundation, and I just really hope it works out, Honeycutt said. Although he may not get the chance to take Tebow out on a date like Hornyak, Honeycutt praised her efforts to gain his support in the cause. It takes a lot of courage to do something like that, he said. I think it is a great idea to get him involved. 8, ALLIGATOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014Courtesy to the Alligator Keira Hornyak poses with some of the signs she used to ask Tim Tebow to the UF ST A TE THE ASSOCIATED PRESSMIAMI  A celebrity photographer sought to boost in a lawsuit that accuses the singer and a bodyguard of battery in a confrontation outside a recording studio. The photographers attorney, Mark DiCowden, said at a Tuesday hearing that he has documented at least 11 similar alleged assaults against photographers over DiCowden said a punitive damage award for Jeffrey photographers, known as paparazzi. said in asking Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Sarah Zabel does not like to be photographed in public. physically harmed in the alleged attack in June  meaning compensatory damages for the photographer in a March deposition in the case, according to Lopez. called the lawsuit frivolous and intended mainly to generate publicity. Hesny is facing a misdemeanor battery charge in another photographer confrontation in Atlanta. Other in Los Angeles and Hawaii, according to court papers. sisting arrest and driving with an expired license after A May 5 trial date is set in that case.Paparazzo wants damages in Bieber suitCAMPUSWoman uses YouTube to ask Tebow to military ball for charity JENNA LYONSAlligator Staff Writerjlyons@alligator.orgOn a narrow street off Millhopper Road, theres a quiet neighborhood lined with trees. The place smelled of burnt wood, and on Monday evening, the silence was only broken by birds chirping in the distance. At about 4:30 p.m., Randall J. Smith dialed 911 from the neighborhood located at Northwest 69th Drive. He said he had just shot a man several times. Alachua County Sheriffs deputies arrested the 54-year-old on a homicide charge after he allegedly murdered his neighbor, according to an arrest report. When law enforcement arrived, Smith was still on the phone with dispatch. He followed instructions to put down his gun and was detained, according to the report. First responders tried to help the victim, Michael Carreiro, but he was pronounced dead on the scene. He was 47. During questioning, Smith said he and Carreiro had a history of disputes. He gave the call, Smith was spraying herbicide to treat poison ivy on the side of the drive when he noticed a car coming. He saw it was he turned around, he noticed Carreiro had stopped and was walking briskly toward him. Smith said he walked toward Carreiro with his hands up, prompting Carreiro to yell What the f*** are you doing? Smith stopped heading toward him, but Carreiro kept advancing and threatened to kill him and his family. Thats when Smith reached behind his back for his lawfully concealed gun. Smith drew the gun, and Carreiro said he wouldnt use it, Smith said. face down. His arms were tucked under him, and he wasnt The men had been neighbors for nearly 10 years, and Carreiro did not approve of Smiths property maintenance on Northwest 69th Drive. Smith said the deceased had made violent threats toward him in the past. last time he heard from Carreiro before the shooting was after 12:20 a.m. Tuesday, where he remained as of press time in lieu of a $1 million bond.Man arrested after shooting neighbor THE SERVICE IS CALLED EDUROAM. SONIA PORTALUPPIAlligator Contributing WriterUF students and staff will no longer have to log into the visitor level Internet access when visiting other institutions with the addition of a new secure wireless network. Eduroam is a secure, worldwide roaming access service developed for international research and the educational community. UF implemented the service last month. manager for UF Information Technology, said having eduroam grants quick Internet access for students visiting campuses around the world. If the research facility is a member of eduroam, the student or faculty member does not have to wait wrote in an email. They can get online, check email and get to work. Link is automatically granted access to another participating institutions network. would need to request a temporary Now, students visiting other universities will have immediate access because their identity is alThe new network allows universities to better manage who is connecting to their Wi-Fi network. There are people who (corrupt networks to) steal research data or personal information, like Social Security numbers and patient have to be vigilant. To prepare a device for eduroam, eduroam connection link appears on their wireless device, log in and then save the login credentials, according to UFITs website. This will allow the device to connect at any eduroam member university or facility. Eduroam is available in 54 countries and more than 5,000 institutions, according to the website. Mary Ann Ferguson, a public relations professor and researcher at UF, travels frequently and said eduroam will be helpful for her and her students. Its very useful when abroad, she said.UF joins new secure wireless networkSmith If the research facility is a member of eduroam, the student or faculty member does not have to wait for anything to be processed. They can get online, check email and get to work.Tracy GaleUF Information Technology communications manager is well known around the world that Justin Bieber does not like to be photographed in public.Mark DiCowdenattorney 

PAGE 9

THE ASSOCIATED PRESSTALLAHASSEE  Gov. Rick Scott signed four bills Tuesday that will keep the most violent sexual offenders locked up longer and close loopholes in a law that allows the state to send predators to a high-security treatment center prison sentences. The bills were a priority for Democrats and Republicans in both chambers and were largely inspired by the death of 8-year-old Cherish Perrywinkle, whose photo was held behind Scott as he signed the bills. Authorities said Perrywinkle was abducted and killed by a repeat sexual offender less than a tence in a case where he targeted another young girl. As a father of two girls and the grandfather of three little boys, I think about how the legislation Im signing today will affect Floridas families. It will make Florida safer, Scott said. I want Florida to be the best state in the nation for raising a family, and this legislation will help make this a reality. The wide-ranging package creates a mandatory 50-year sentence for people who rape children younger than 12, the developmentally disabled and senior citizens. That doubles the current mandatory sentence for the most violent sexual offenders. It also makes changes to the Jimmy Ryce Act, which allows the psychiatric review of sexually violent offendsentences. Those considered too dangerous are then committed to a high-security treatment center. Lawmakers began looking at the Jimmy Ryce Act after Cherishs death and a South Florida Sun Sentinel series that followed. The newspaper researched offenders who were reviewed for civil commitment but ended up being set free at some stage in the process. They found 594 offenders who committed new crimes, some the day they were released, including 14 killings. The released prisoners also were later caught molesting 460 children and raping 121 women, the newspaper found. Florida will not be a catch-andrelease state as it relates to violent sexual predators, said Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Shalimar. Cherish was abducted from a Jacksonville Wal-Mart, raped and strangled. Her body was found the next day. Donald Smith is charged with murder in her killing. Smith had been reviewed twice before for civil commitment and allowed to remain free. He was released ing but wasnt eligible for another review. Only offenders serving prison terms can be considered for misdemeanor charges after a plea deal in a case where he made obscene phone calls to a 10-year-old girl and impersonated a Florida Department of Children and Families child protective investigator to try to get access to her. The statute of limitations will be eliminated for molesting children younger than 16. Right now, molesters cant be prosecuted if the crimes are reported more than three years later. The most sexually dangerous offenders will also have to serve their entire sentences and not be allowed a shorter sentence for good behavior. Sexual abuse survivor Lauren Book took a break from a 1,500mile sexual abuse awareness walk across Florida to attend the ceremony. Book has advocated for laws to increase penalties for sexual offenders, help victims and as a 17-year-old still recovering from years of being raped by her nanny. But she said shes never seen a year where the Legislature has acted so quickly to address problems with sexual predators. ing about these things it was like, ger to her lips. Were here today talking about these issues and people are looking at them, and thats how we shine into the darkness and prevent and protect those kids from having to go through what I went through or what any of the survivors Ive met along the way have had to go through. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 ALLIGATOR, 9Silvia Rueda / Alligator Bugging OutMorgan Kerr, a UF biological sciences senior, pets Rosie the tarantula at BugFest in Steinmetz Hall on Tuesday. The event included cockroach races and foods made with insect ingredients. STATERick Scott signs tougher sexual predator measures into law STUDY SAYS SMALL BANKS CAN HELP SAVE MONEY. MELISSA MIHMAlligator Contributing WriterA recent study shows that banking locally has the potential to save customers money. mega-banks such as Wells Fargo and Bank of America, a study by WalletHub recently suggested that choosing smaller, local banks could end up putting a few extra bucks in users pockets. John Kiernan, WalletHubs senior analyst, said consumers tend to go to larger banks because they are more familiar with the brands. Youre left at the mercy of what banks happen to be in your area, he said, noting that the availability of free ATMs also plays a big role in the decision-making process. For a standard savings account with a minimum balance of $50, VyStar Credit Union offers an annual percentage yield  or how much an account appreciates over the year  of 0.25 percent. Wells Fargos standard APY is 0.03 percent, according to the study. Co. and Bank of America have rates that can vary up to 550 percent from city to city, according to the study. However, these differences dont mean much for college students who likely dont even have fourdigit amounts in their bank account, Kiernan said. groundbreaking. Across the board, rates are as I expected  quite low, near zero, he said. Smaller banks may offer better rates to establish themselves in particular areas, he said. Still, the rates will have little impact on someones checking account balance. At the end of the year, you have earned about nothing in any case, he said. In economic terms, the differences are very small and quite meaningless.Experts disagree about local banking KATHERINE ARELLANOAlligator Contributing WriterUnderreported graduation rates could be an effect of student transfers. According to a new study from the National Student Clearinghouse Research Center, about 13 percent of students transfer from one college to another during their college education. As a result, the colleges they transferred from arent credited for their graduations, which can cause misleading graduation rates. But UF spokeswoman Janine Sikes said this report does not have much impact on UF. She said different graduation rates are reported for incomand for transfer students. The impact of transfer students on our graduation our data on success rates. Our success rates are not that different from our regular rates, Sikes said. time-in-college students are students who entered UF as freshmen and graduated as Gators. The numbers dont include students who transferred out of UF. However, transfer students are a part of the overall success rate, which is the number of students who enroll at UF at any point in their education and graduate from the university. Students like Daniel Roberts, a 21-year-old UF busiand transfer student, count in UFs success rate if they graduate. He said he waited to apply to UF until he had the grades he wanted. Now, he said, he appreciates the opportunities the transfer allowed. I know that UF degrees hold a lot of value, Roberts said. Study: Transfers may affect calculated graduation rates First-time-in-college student graduation rates Source: UF Factbook Scott Across the board, rates are as I expected  quite low, near zero.John C. Banko 

PAGE 10

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 WWW.ALLIGATOR.ORG/CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND Get that rent money rolling in. Place an ad in the Alligator Classifieds to get your place rented out. Call 373-FIND. SS & VA ARE WELCOME!Starting @ $375/BR All inclusive! Furnished Cable Internet Utilities www.campuswalk.co 352-337-9098 4-23-72-1 Countryside 4 Bd/4 Bth beautifully furnished condo on bus route. Bball, vball, pool, spa and fitness room. $425/room, includes $50 utility allowance per/room. Fall occupancy. Ellie 561-361-9600 or ebelliveau@sgczklaw.com 4-17-14-55-1 Furnished 2BR/2BA condo in Haile Plantation. Washer, dryer, front garden, back porch $1100 + utilities/month. Call 352-3788710 2-72-14-5-1 Enhance your educational experience! Student Condo 4BR/4BA individual leases. Excellent amenities on bus line, loads of parking utils incl. Now thru fall. $375mo. Also 3BR/2BA home steps to UF campus fall occupancy. Contact Bristol Park Realty 352367-2669 4-8-14-20-1 2 FURNISHED ROOMS MUST LOVE DOGS! Private home; rooms share hall bath; on small lake off S. Main; Incl utl, cable, wi-fi; W/D; Must be NONSMOKER! $425/each; $200 deposit; References required. Call 706-669-1644 4-4-14-7-1 Best deal in town condo across campus 2 bedrooms each $325/mo.# 1 location for bus routes Resort-style living Rent Includes utilities, cable & internet, ladies only Call Belle @ 352-328-2477 4-23-14-18-1 Empty Space? Find your next tenants in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND to place your ad today!1BR APT $395/moSmall pet ok. Call 352-372-1201 or 352-2133901 4-23-14-72-2 Deluxe, Large 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7BR apt/ house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Old House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 352-538-2181 lv message 4-23-14-72-2 ELLIES HOUSES Quality single family homes. Walk or bike to UF. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 12-5-14-168-2 MADISON ON 20th 1 & 2 BR AptsJust off SW 20th Ave & 34th St. 1BR/$475, 2BR/$595. 335-7066, visit us on Facebook or Twitter or at madisonon20th.com. 4-23-1472-2 Spacious 1, 2, & 3br starting at $475. Many floor plans, some w/ enclosed patios or balconies. Italian tile, BRs carpeted. DW, W/D hk-ups, verticals, CH/AC. Near bus rte, some walk to UF. Sec 8 accepted 352-332-7700 4-23-14-72-2 Centerpoint 1220 NW 12 ST $460 1BR/1BA  530 SQ.FT. Bike to UF through-tree lined streets or ride the bus located one block away! No application fee, most pets ok. E.F.N. Properties, 352-371-3636 or www.efnproperties.com rentals@efnproperties.com 5-29-14-68-2 1, 2, & 3BRs. Tile in LR, kitchen & bathrooms & bedrooms. Hardwood floors, cent A/C, ceiling fans, W/D hook-ups. Several locations, some walk to UF. Starting at $450/mo. Must See! Call 352-215-7780 4-23-14-72-2 WALK TO UFLive in prestigious Jackson Square. 2 BR condos avail. $1300-$1600 mo. 352-505-5049 6-16-14-74-28 BLOCKS TO UFSpacious 2BR/1BA, island kitchen. Plenty of parking! Available Fall Term $700 mo. 352-505-5049 6-19-14-74-2 SPYGLASSIndividual Leases. Furniture pkgs. incl Washer/Dryer & FREE Hi-Speed internet. Rates start at $439. Every unit an end unit. Mon-Fri 9-6 Sat. 10-5 Sun. 1-5 701 SW 62nd Blvd. 352-373-6330 www.spyglassapts.com 4-23-14-55-2 LAKEWOOD VILLASLarge 1,2 & 3BR floorplans starting at $665 Free Hi-Speed internet, washer/dryer, fitness center, computer lab, swimming pool etc. M-F 9-6, Sat. 10-5 700 SW 62nd Blvd. 352-371-8009 www.lakewoodvillas.com 4-23-14-55-2 UPPER WESTSIDE/ NANTUCKET WALK1 & 2 bdrm Luxury Apts. starting at $850. Granite counters. FREE Hi-Speed Internet. Parking avail. Walking distance to UF & Stadium. 408 NW 14th St. Now leasing for Fall 2014. For info. call 352-872-4644 www.upperwestsideuf.com 4-23-14-54-2 $500 spacious 1 BR Apt, private patio w/ locking gate, shade trees,squeaky clean, study/live quietly;1825 NW 10th St. 352 376 0080;postj@bellsouth.net 4-23-14-30-2 4BR/2BA unfurnished house. Close to UF. 605 SW 9th St. Cent AC/heat, W/D. No pets. 1 year lease. From Aug 16th. $1760/mo. + $600 sec. To see call 352-359-1508 5-1315-22-2 CLOSE TO UF HOUSES 352-665-7316 3BR/2BA fenced 3404 NW 7th Pl $1200/mo 611 NW 36th Terr $1250/mo 630 NW 34th Terr $1150/mo 4-9-14-10-2 Available August: Several Cute & Clean 2 & 3BR vintage homes near UF. Wood floors, C/HA, W/D. Rents @ $860-$1760/mo. Call/text Anita 352-575-4395 Details: www. CozyGator.com 5-13-14-21-2 3 br/2 ba plus Study House Close to UF & Shands in a quiet neighborhood, spacious fenced in yard w/ large deck, wood floors, newer appliances including washer/dryer $1,300 month, pet friendly 352-672-1767 4-3-14-5-2 VERY CUTE 1BR/1BA house on bus route, shopping close by. No pets. 930 NE 23rd Ave. $400/month. Email Jennifer at j_e_jackson@yahoo.com for more info. 4-11-10-22br Townhouse for rent $7505 minute drive to UF, 1.5 baths. Wood floors, community pool. 239-671-0484. Valpotin@aol.com 4-11-14-8-2 Dont get stuck with an extra rent payment. Advertise your subleases in the Alligator Classifieds and save yourself some cash. Call 373-FIND. LEAVING FOR THE SUMMER?NEED TO SUBLET YOUR ROOM? DON'T WAIT PLACE YOUR SUBLEASE AD TODAY!IT'S EASY...JUST GO TOwww.alligator.org/classified SUMMER SUBLET Single family house. $375/mo incl utilities. University and 2nd ave. Furnished 1BR walking distance to campus/midtown. Call 561-312-1993 4-2-14-10-3 Campus Lodge 1/1 summer sublease in a 3/3. $479/month fully furnished, price nego tiable. Clean and quiet roommates. Please email s1134t@gmail.com for more details. 4-11-5-3 IVE HAD IT WITH YOUR LOUD MUSIC! Is your roommate driving you crazy? Find a replacement in the Alligator Classifieds! $450/mo, Furn'd Pvt Room + Bath, quiet house w/3 males & cat incl utils, WiFi, TV, W/D. Near UF, Midtown, Applebees, easy bus & bike. No dogs, sorry. ROOM@COX. NET / Ph. 338-1113 4-4-14-3-4 Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach thousands of possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone, by fax, email or CHECK OUT PLACING YOUR AD THRU OUR ONLINE AT www.alligator.org. or please call 373Find (373-3463) NEW CONDOS-WALK TO UFFor Info on ALL Condos for Sale, Visit www.UFCONDOS.COM or Matt Price, University Realty, 352-281-3551 4-23-72-5 GRANDFATHER PROPERTY central heat/ air, new roof, 3BR/2BA. Extra space for storage or office. Lots of parking space. Near everything. NW area. $124,900/OBO. Call 352-375-6754 4-15-14-10-5 Got a new couch?. Sell your old one in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND (3463) to place your ad today. BED QUEEN $120 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Call 352-372-7490 can deliver. 4-23-14-72-6 BED FULL SIZE $100 ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Call 352377-9846 4-23-14-72-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT $400 Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $1600. 352-3727490 4-23-14-72-6 BED KING $200 PILLOWTOP mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Call 352-372-8588. Can deliver. 4-23-72-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $1800. Sacrifice $700. Call 352-377-9846 4-23-72-6 1 For Rent: Furnished 2 For Rent: Unfurnished 3 Sublease 4 Roommates 5 Real Estate 6 Furnishings 7 Computers 8 Electronics 9 Bicycles 10 For Sale 11 Motorcycles, Mopeds 12 Autos 13 Wanted 14 Help Wanted 15 Services 16 Health Services 17 Typing Services 18 Personals 19 Connections 20 Event Notices 21 Entertainment 22 Tickets 23 Rides 24 Pets 25 Lost & FoundAll real estate advertised herein is subject to the Federal Fair Housing Act, which makes it illegal to advertise any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make limitation, or discrimination. We will newspaper uses great care in accepting or rejecting advertising according to its suitability, we cannot verify that all advertising claims or offers are completely valid in every case and, therefore, cannot assume any responsibility for any injury or loss arising from offers and acceptance of offers of goods and/or services through any advertising contained herein.In Person:Cash, Check, MC, or Visa 1105 W. University Ave. M-F, 8am 4pmBy E-mail :By Fax: (352) 376-3015 By Mail:Call 352-373-FIND for information. Sorry, no cash by mail. MasterCard, Visa or checks only.By Phone: (352) 373-FIND M-F, 8am 4pmWhen Will Your Ad Run?Ads placed by 4 pm will appear two publica tion days later. Ads may run for any length of time and be cancelled at any time. Sorry, but there can be no refunds or credits for cancelled ads. Corrections and Cancellations: Cancellations: Call 373-FIND M-F, 8am 4pm. No refunds or credits can be given. Alligator errors: corrections before noon. THE ALLIGATOR IS ONLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FIRST DAY THE AD RUNS INCORRECTLY. Corrected ads will be extended one day. No refunds or credits can be given after placing the ad. Corrections called in Customer error or changes: Online: 

PAGE 11

ALLIGATORBEDROOM SET$300 BRAND NEW Still in boxes! 5 pieces include: Headboard, Nightstand, Dresser, Mirror, Chest. Must sell, can deliver. 352-377-9846. 4-23-14-72-6 Selling computers, parts, or repair services or just looking for that new rig? Look in the Alligator Classifieds. Call 373-FIND for more information. COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-23-14-60-7 COMPUTER HELP AND REPAIR Call John @ Just PC's Virus Removal, Cracked Screen Tutorials, Upgrades, Office 352-246-2231, 6515 NW 36 Terr 9-30-14-73-7 Sell your old stereo, cell phone, and more in the Electronics Section of the Alligator Classifieds. 373-FIND In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds UF Surplus On-Line Auctionsare underwaybikes, computers, furniture, vehicles & more. All individuals interested in bidding go to: SURPLUS.UFL.EDU 392-0370 4-23-14-72-10 Guitars and Musical Instruments New, Used and Factory Refurbished Check Us Out Before You Buy or Sell!! Leonardo's Music, Micanopy, FL 352-450-0928 Leonardos302.com 4-23-14-72-10 Party Supplies: Complete line of Bar Supplies, glassware, Liquor Pours, Shakers, Professional Cooking Utensils. R.W. Beaty Co. 1120 N. Main St., Gainesville 352-448-3433 beatyequip@aol.com 4-2314-72-10HORSES & GOATSFOR SALE Charlie 352-278-1925 4-23-72-10 SCIENCE FICTION: Stolen memories, dangerous dreams, collapsing societies, lost souls, engineered life, our world transformed. REMEMBERING THE FUTURE: stories by Alan Kovski. Available via Amazon.com 4-22-14-20-10 SCIENCE FICTION: After catastrophic biological warfare, we may not agree on what nature is or what civilization is. WILDERNESS is a novel by Alan Kovski. Available via Amazon.com 4-22-14-20-10 SCIENCE FICTION: Life will change fast amid genetic engineering, climate engineer ing and economic upheavals. Will we cope? WONDERS AND TRAGEDIES is a novel by Alan Kovski. Available via Amazon.com 4-22-14-20-10 Alligator Classifieds is the way to get your 2 wheels on the road. Show off your bikes, scooters, and repair services. Call 373-FIND to get your classified in. 4-23-14-72-11 NEW SCOOTERS 4 LESS Great Scooters, Service & Prices! 118 NW 14th Ave, Ste D, 336-1271 Vespa, Genuine, GMW, & More! NS4L.com facebook.com/newscooters4less 4-23-14-72-11 SCOOTER REPAIRNew Scooters 4 Less has LOW repair rates! Will repair any make/model. Close to UF! Pick-ups avail. Cheap oil changes!! 336-1271 4-23-14-72-11 Road Rat Motors Largest Scooter Store in Town! Run by Gator Grads! New scooters starting at $999. 1-2yr warranties with roadside assistance includ ed. 376-6275 RoadRatMotors.com 4-2314-72-11 Road Rat Motors offers FREE pickup service for any paid scooter repair. LOWEST labor rate, quickest turnaround in town! Will repair ANY brand scooter. Free estimates. 3766275. RoadRatMotors.com 4-23-14-72-11 SCOOTER RENTALSRent for a day, week, month or semester. Now renting Buddy scooters too! 352-336-1271 www.gainesvillescooterrentals.com 4-23-14-72-11 Campus Scooters Mobile Sales and Scooter Service. We offer free estimates on all repairs and we come to you. We also have new scooters starting at $799.00 Call us today at 352-263-0425 4-23-14-72-11 WWW.SWAMPCYCLES.COM Scooters & Motorcycles Sales & Service Quality, Experienced, Certified Technicians. Close to Campus, Lowest Prices. 633 NW 13th St. 352-373-8823 4-23-72-11 Unload your lot. Sell your cars through Alligator Advertising for cheap. 373-FIND or place your ad online at www.alligator.org/ classifieds We Buy Junk Cars Trucks, Vans Titled only Call KT 352-281-9980 or 352-215-3191 4-23-72-12 96 Olds Achieva $1000 95 Ford Explorer $1500 92 Toyota Camry $1999 91 Chevy Caprice $1300 352-338-1999 4-23-72-12 00 Dodge Intrepid $1500 99 Infiniti $799 01 Ford Taurus $1900 97 Dodge Van $900 352-338-1999 4-23-72-12 97 Blazer $2999 00 Jeep Cherokee $1999 99 Nissan Sentra $2999 96 Pontiac Bonneville $1500 352-338-1999 4-23-72-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES $0 DOWN!!! 3 MONTHS TO PAY TRANSACTION FEES!!!!! 352-338-1999 4-23-72-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES ALL VEHICLES $0 DOWN NO CREDIT CHECK!!! NO EMPLOYMENT CHECK 352-338-1999 4-23-72-12 SUNRISE AUTO SALES NO CREDIT CHECK!! 6 MONTHS TO PAY DOWN PAYMENT!!! 352-375-9090 4-23-72-12 SUNRISE AUTO RENTALS ALL VEHICLES 2014 3630 N. MAIN STREET www.carrentalsunrise.com 352-375-9090 4-23-72-12 CASH PAID $300 AND UP!!!ANY CONDITION-RUNNING OR NOT!!! FREE TOWING & SAME DAY PICK-UP NO TITLE NEEDED. Call Steve 352-771-6191 4-23-14-72-12 SUNRISE AUTO RENTAL EASY TO RENT!!! NO CREDIT CARD REQUIRED! www.carrentalsunrise.com 352-375-9090 4-23-31-12 HEADLINERS SAGGING? POWER WINDOWS DON'T WORK? Call or google Steve's Headliners 352-226-1973. On site available. 4-23-3112 This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money.GOLD GEMS ETCFree Appraisals Top Cash or Trade 40 years in Business OZZIE 352-318-4009 4-23-72-13 

PAGE 12

12, ALLIGATOR UF GRAD PAYS MOREfor gold jewelry, scrap gold, Rolex, diamonds, guitars, etc. Top $$$. Get my offer before you sell! Call Jim 376-8090 or 222-8090 4-23-72-13 The American Cancer Society Road to Recovery Volunteers Needed!VOLUNTEER DRIVERS NEEDEDto transport cancer patients to treatment. Flexible schedule. Training and liability insurance provided. Please call 352-240-5062 if interested. St. Francis House is a homeless shelter and soup kitchen located in downtown Gainesville, and we are looking for help from volunteers like you. St. Francis House depends on monetary support from individual donors and community businesses in order to help feed the homeless and the hungry.If you are interested in volunteering,please contact Stephanie Breval at (352) 378-9079 or sfhcoor@stfrancis.cfcoxmail.comTo make a donation by mail,please send checks payable to St. Francis House P.O. Box 12491 Gainesville, FL 32604 CASH PAID $300 AND UP!!!ANY CONDITION-RUNNING OR NOT!!! FREE TOWING & SAME DAY PICK-UP NO TITLE NEEDED CALL 352-771-6191 4-23-14-72-13 VOLUNTEERS NEEDED I AM BLIND & WOULD LIKE HELP WITH: Rides to church: Mass at Queen of Peace. Learning to rake knit hats to send to Haiti & other places. Call 352-219-6948 4-11-14-72-13 The Alachua County Crisis Center is seeking volunteers to become Crisis Line Counselors. 60 hours of in-depth training are provided. This is an opportunity to impact the lives of fellow community members and to gain life-enhancing communication skills. The next training class begins Saturday, May 17th, 2014. Please contact Jan Greene at 352-264-6782 or visit ttp://www.alachua county.us/Depts/CSS/CrisisCenter/Pages/ Volunteer.aspx for more information. 4-2319-13 This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings or investing money. Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and computer science needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/employment 4-23-1472-14 SBSG is a financial transcription company offering part-time work. Create your own schedule Competitive Production-Based Pay Close to campus! Must be able to touch-type 65wpm Apply Online: www.sbsgrp.com 12-3-14151-14 DOMINO"S HIRING Delivery Experts & Assistant Managers & Future Managers. Drivers earn between $14$17 per hour. GMs earn 40K-50K+. Apply at gatordominos.com 4-23-14-70-14 Summer Jobs $2400 for 8 weeks Co-ed camp Room and Board included Get Paid to Play! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC) needs male and female camp counselors ages 18 and up. FEYC is an over-night camp located in Umatilla, FL. The camp runs June 9th  August 2nd. Please contact Krys Ragland at 352 455-4267 or Krys@feyc.org. 4-23-1464-14 Food Science and Human Nutrition at the University of Florida is conducting a research study for women 20-40 yo on birth control pills. Compensation given. For details call Luisa Rios-Avila at 392-1991 Ext 266. 4-23-14-45-14 The U.S. Geological Survey, Southeast Ecological Science Center is seeking a military veteran candidate for the position of Receptionist. Qualified applicants must have excellent communications skills and be courteous, reliable, organized and have the ability to multitask. This is a full-time position with excellent benefits. The Federal government is an equal opportunity employer. Apply at https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ ViewDetails/365129700. 4-2-5-14 New Horizons now hiring Bi-lingual (pref not nec) Educational Consultants full time $24k 352-642-1987 4-9-14-10-14 Nanny wanted for our 1yr-old boy to play with him and to keep him safe (includes some household chores). Located in SW Gainesville. 352-871-5211 4-2-14-3-14 New Biz Opp Hemp Based Co B First on campus Legal in 50 States Immediate WFH will train EarnBig hempcbdlifestyle.com text or call First 2 market 609-891-8411 Rose 4-2-143-14 Do you have a business that provides a service? Place your ad in the Services Section of the Alligator Classifieds for as little as $2.50 per day. Call us at 373-FIND.Want to be a CNA, phlebotomist or pharm tech? Express Training offers courses, days, eve, weekend. All classes live, no videos. Call 352-338-1193 or expresstrainingservices.com 4-23-14-72-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call for a free workout 339-2199 4-23-72-15 NEED A LAWYER?SiddiquiLegal.com Private Experienced Affordable 4-23-72-15 Want to be a CNA? Dont want to wait? Express Training Services now offers a CNA class which can be completed in one weekend. Perfect for busy college students. www.expresstrainingservices.com/ww 4-2314-67-15 Need your home or apt cleaned? Call SWEEPING SUCCESS CLEANERS. We offer cleaning services for students, professionals and seniors on the go that need assistance with housework. Call today; 352636-8563 or sweepingsuccesscleaners.com 4-11-14-10-15 HIV ANTIBODY TESTINGAlachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for appt (optional $20 fee) THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $119! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199 4-23-72-16 ACLS BLS PALS CPR/FA American Heart Assoc. cert issued. Convenient scheduling. Teaching gators for over 15 years. Safetynet of Florida. Call us today (800)319-5708 6-10-14-40-16 HIV ANTIBODY TESTINGAlachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for appt (optional $20 fee)Family Chiropractic Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-23-72-18 Want to make a connection?Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED!b English not your first language?EDIT HELP for papers, personal statements, thesis. Same day available. $25/hr. 786-838-1525 4-4-14-8-20 Friends dont let friends drive drunk. Get the party started! Place your Entertainment classified today to get people up and about. Call 373-FIND. Rocky Creek Paintball In Gainesville It's a Blast!Call 371-2092 4-23-14-72-21 Trying to get to and from somewhere? Want to cut back on that gas bill? Place an ad in the classifieds to find trip arrangements or show off your bus and shuttle service. 373FIND Furry, feathery, scaly...no, not your roommate...pets. Find or advertise your pets or pet products here in the Pets section of the Alligator. Horse Boarding 15 min fr UF $350/$500 Eng/West. Lit arena, 527 acres, show jumps, Lg & Sm dres. rings, 150+ XC Hunter Paces. BHS & Parelli instr 352-258-0317 mistymorninghounds.com 9-19-14-62-24 Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone whos lost what youve found. Call 373-FIND. 

PAGE 13

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 WWW.ALLIGATORSPORTS.ORG Final Four Teamcast broadcasts of the Final Four and National Championship on Tuesday. UFs Final Four Teamcast will be on TNT while the game airs on TBS.Marquis Dendy rebounded from his poor performance at NCAA Indoors. Read the story on page 16.Golfer honoredUF junior Eric Banks was named the recipient of the 2014 David Toms Award on Tuesday. The award goes to a mens golfer who overcame adversity. LANDON WATNICKAlligator Staff Writer@LandonWatnickWhen Florida last faced UConn on Dec. 2, Kasey Hill watched from the end of the Gators bench. At the time, the freshman point guard was nursing a high ankle sprain and could not help Florida as it fell to UConn 65-64 in Storrs, Conn., on a Shabazz Napier buzzer beater. utes of the contest without a point guard because starter Scottie Wilbekin suffered his own ankle injury late in the game and did not return. But Saturday night will be a different story. Hill, who has excelled in the NCAA Tournament despite playing through turf toe, will be available for the No. 1 seed Gators when they square off against the seventh-seeded Huskies at 6:09 p.m. in AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas. it gives us more depth in the backcourt, coach Billy Donovan said. I think Kasey in the tournament, and even going back to the SEC has come on. Hes played betdence in him. He makes our team faster when hes out there. Added Hill: (Ive been) just playing aggressive. Just trying to play my hardest for this team and give them all I got. In four tournament games, Hill has averaged 5.3 points per game and has totaled a team-high 15 assists against only four turnovers. But what the Umatilla native has done for Florida goes further than the stat sheet. The freshman has provided solid minutes in the backcourt alongside Wilbekin in a two-point guard lineup, utilizing his blazing speed to create offensive opportunities for him and his teammates. Unless you have a guy like him in practice, you cant really simuspeed into the game, sophomore Jordan McPherson / Alligator StaffKasey Hill (0) defends Daytons Khari Price during the Gators 62-52 win over the Flyers on Saturday in FedExForum in Memphis, Tenn. Freshman point guard battling turf toe before rematch with UConn ADAM PINCUSAlligator Writer@adamDpincusKevin OSullivan gave his team a warning following its sweep of then-No. 8 LSU on Sunday: Dont let up. Theres still baseball to be played next week. The streaking No. 13 Florida Gators (19-10 6-3 Southeastern Conference), whether because of youth or fatigue, didnt come ready to play against FAU (16-12, 4-8 Conference USA) on Tuesday night, and it cost them in a 5-4 loss in 11 innings. The Owls scored the go-ahead run on play with Aaron Rhodes pitching. Tyler Rocklein, ond to get in a rundown and allow Cain Mattsons throw home. Rhodes hesitated before throwing to second baseman Casey Turgeon, whose mans momentum away from home plate, forcing his throw home into the Florida falls to FAU in extrasSOFTBALL JORDAN MCPHERSONAlligator Writer@J_McPherson1126After winning 22 straight games to start the season and outscoring opponents 18129 in those matchups, Florida has hit a slump. Since Southeastern Conference play began, the Gators have dropped seven of their past 16 contests and dropped all three games in a series sweep to No. 2 Tennessee this past weekend. Outside of leadoff hitter Kelsey Stewart, whose .412 batting average is the ninth highest in the SEC, there is little consistency among the Gators bats. Obviously, were going through a point in time in the season where were not playing our best, coach Tim Walton said in a release following Floridas 9-2 loss to Tennessee on Friday. But there is a lot of the season left. But No. 6 UF (31-7, 5-7 SEC) hopes to spearhead its way back into the win column when it faces No. 8 FSU (34-4, 12-2 Atlantic Coast Conference) in a midweek UF hitters slumping in SECStewart UF Baseball SEE BASE, PA GE 15 SEE HOOPS, PA GE 15 SEE SOFT, PA GE 15 I think Kasey in the tournament, and even going back to the SEC has come on. Hes played better. Hes improved. Ive makes our team faster when hes out there.Billy DonovanUF coach 

PAGE 14

GORDON STREISANDAlligator Writer@GordonStreisandThis season, a small, quick, offensive-minded Florida team made its way to the second round of the NCAA Tournament despite having only eight players for much of the way. Its leaders were redshirt senior Lily Svete and senior Jaterra Bonds, but redshirt junior Kayla Lewis also had a strong presence throughout the season. I brag a lot about Lily and Jaterra, coach Amanda Butler said. They deserve that, but Kayla was a big, big part of that leadership corps. I think there were many things, most of them falling in the intangible category, that separated us from who weve been in the past or from other teams. Lewis will be Floridas lone senior next season, and the road to becoming a strong team leader has not been sudden. I think that was something that she grew into, Butler said. Ive had very high expectations for her entire career. Kaylas wildly talented, very smart, very gifted. Its a unique challenge when youre the only senior, and I think Kaylas a unique individual. Shes well-suited for that challenge. Butler isnt the only one giving After living with Lewis for her entire career as a Gator, there isnt dence in to take the keys. I would say, this year, Kaylas probably the most improved player, Bonds said. Ive seen a different side of Kayla that Ive never seen told her, Im just so proud of you and happy for the things that youre doing, like become a better person and get closer with God. Im just so proud of her and how shes accepted the role of having to play a bigger role for our team. Another player whose role will be further increased is soon-to-be redshirt junior point guard Cassie Peoples. After struggling offensively throughout the regular season, Peoples found her stride once postseason play began in both the Southeastern Conference and NCAA Tournaments. Really, Cassie was a freshman, Butler said. Even though shes in her third season of basketball she had gotten a chance to play. In conference play, Peoples averaged 8.9 points per contest. In postseason play, she was scoring 14 points a game. This is a great starting point for her going into next year, Butler said. Shes going to be someone that we wont be necessarily surprised by, but relying on her. The impact of Bonds and Svetes departure will surely be felt. However, the incoming freshman class will add much needed size and depth. According to espnW, the Gators have the No. 12 recruiting class in 2014. The potential gem of the class is 6-foot-3 forward Haley Lorenzen, who is rated as the No. 5 post player in the nation. The obvious thing Haley adds is a great deal of size, Butler said. What she adds that you dont know about until you get the opportunity to spend time with her is her personality and her work ethic; the spirit that she has. She has a high level of skill and she cares a lot about her game. 14, ALLIGATOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014Rachel Crosby / Alligator StaffBridget Sloan performs a balance-beam routine during Floridas 197.525196.025 win against Arkansas on Feb. 14 in the OConnell Center. Emily Cochrane / Alligator StaffKayla Lewis attempts a shot during Floridas 81-76 loss against Missouri on Feb. 20 in the OConnell Center. Lewis will be the Gators only senior on the teams roster next year. ERICA A. HERNANDEZAlligator Writer @EricaAlyssaFor Bridget Sloan and the rest of the Florida gymnasts, the time for individual goals is over. I just want the best for this team right now, Sloan said. I guess regular season you can have those individual titles and stuff, but when it comes to postseason, man, its all about the team. I always say no one is really going to remember that I won allaround in 2013, but I will guarantee they will know which team won. No one has forgotten that Florida claimed only one meet standing between the Gators and the 2014 Championship meet, Florida is focusing in on repeating that success. Some teams get a little bit ahead of themselves, they start looking past each completion and just look at the end, Sloan said. Well there are steps that you have to go through and we learned last year that if you do those steps correctly and in the right order, you can be very successful. The Gators are gearing up to step back end off since the start of the season in January. This team, you know they really have started to sharpen up because we gave those few days of kind of taking it down a little bit after SECs and now its the build up, coach Rhonda Faehn said. ances out of the way, Sloan said the team is transitioning into the necessary mindset. Rhonda always emphasizes for postseason: Its really not about whether youre going to make the routine or not because we know were going to make it, she said. Its going to be about whether you want it, how bad you want it and how well youre going to do it. Sloan said the week of straight practice was more about skills and details on vault and bars than full routines. Those were two events that we were so strong on last year, but this year its like were taking a little extra time getting in the swing of things on bars, Sloan said. Were missing the landings on vault a little bit here and there. So weve really been focusing on just the littlest details. They make the biggest difference. Faehn maintained that her team doesnt really feel it has a target on its back, even with a No. 1 ranking heading into Regionals. Really use it again as a launching pad as a preparation to feel 100 percent secure with our lineups, Faehn said. I feel like right now the lineups are going to be identical if not extremely similar as we had at SECs. The Gators will be the only top-10 team competing when Penn State hosts the NCAA Regionals on Saturday. No. 12 Oregon State, No. 15 Penn State, No. 23 New Hampshire, No. 29 Kentucky and No. 36 Maryland will all be competing with Florida for a top-two each of the six regional sites move onto the NCAA Championship in Birmingham, Ala., from April 18-20. Because theres a greater variety of schools that we havent seen all year long I think its a wonderful atmosphere, Faehn said. Our team, I know their sole focus is to go in there and compete aggressively and have a lot of energy and to kind of make that our own home environment. Sloan, Gators focusing on team competition in postseason playWOMENS BASKETBALLSeniors hand over teams reins to redshirt junior LewisFaehn I brag a lot about Lily and Jaterra. They deserve that, but Kayla was a big, big part of that leadership corps.Amanda ButlerUF coach 

PAGE 15

shooting guard Michael Frazier II said. When he gets into the game, just rise the temperature of the game. Hills best game in Memphis, Tenn., came against the Bruins on Thursday. He shined in UFs 79-68 win over UCLA in the Sweet 16, racking up a game-high 10 assists, six points and six rebounds. I thought what he did in the UCLA game really helped us, Donovan said. He manufactured a lot of easy baskets for us by getting down the lane. The freshman point guard has also made strides defensively throughout the and 10 defensive rebounds. more comfortable there, Hill said. Getting out and making plays on the defensive end and stuff like that. I wasnt really doing that at the beginning of the season. Hills turf toe has caused him some discomfort during Floridas tournament forward. Donovan shared the same sentiment Monday. I know turf toe is painful, but come on, were playing in the Final Four, Donovan said. fully his toe will be OK and hell be able to play. But I do appreciate him working through that. He doesnt appear to be in a lot of pain when hes running around out there. Hes moving pretty well. dirt. Its a play the Gators practice all the time and a play that theyve been drilled on since high school. That sequence summed up a head-scratching loss where the Gators scored only one run after the Im dissapointed with our approach tonight to be honest with you. Im really disappointed, OSullivan said. I would expect our guys to be ready to play all the time. I think they should be excited. Were coming off winning 13 of 16. We come off a great weekend, a great week last week, and I didnt think we were ready to play. We tried. We cheerleaded during the game, but theres only so much you can do, and that falls on my shoulders. Ill take responsibility for it, but Ill make sure it doesnt happen again. Karsten Whitson, the former start since March 9 and tossed two innings against the Owls. Whitson threw 25 of his 40 pitches for strikes. The Owls drove in its only run against him on a groundball to shortstop Richie Martin in the second inning. OSullivan visited Whitson on the mound in the second followWhitson threw two straight balls to his next batter, Billy Endris, before striking out Endris on three-straight pitches. Florida pitchers saw their share of success against FAU, striking out a season-high 19 batters, but the offense continuously struggled. Gushue, a throwing error on an inball to shortstop from Justin Shafer. Freshman John Sternagel drove in his fourth RBI in two games with a Sternagel admitted after his twoRBI performance against Florida State on March 25 that he hasnt played as much as he thought in his freshman season. Dating back to that game, hes batting .313 with six RBIs and has started every game at third base where he has just one error this year. Hes putting some good swings on the ball, OSullivan said. It lengthens our lineup a little bit and gives us a chance to score when we get to the bottom half of the order. FAU responded in the inning following every run-scoring frame from UF. Owls designated hitter Esteban Puerta went 4 for 5 at the plate with his hits coming off of four different Gators pitchers. Continue reading this story online at alligatorSports.org. matchup tonight at 6 at Katie Seashole Pressly Stadium. The Gators boast an 18-13 all-time record against the Seminoles, including a 9-6 mark at home. Florida swept the series in 2013, winning 7-3 in Gainesville after a walk-off grand slam by Briana Little and an 8-0 win in Tallahassee three weeks later. FSU is riding a 13-game win streak heading into tonights matchup. If UF wants to pull out the win, it needs to pitching staff. As a team, the Seminoles possess a 0.90 ERA  the second-best total in the country. Junior Lacey Waldrup leads Florida State in the circle. The righthander is second in the nation with a 0.53 ERA. In 145.1 innings pitched, Waldrup has notched 178 strikeouts and is holding opponents to a .154 clip at the plate. The Seminoles are also seeing success at the plate with Maddie OBrien pacing FSU. The junior shortstop holds a teambest .438 batting average and also leads Florida State with a .893 slugging percentage, 13 home runs and 58 RBIs. In 112 at-bats, OBrien struck out just 10 times this season. If Florida wants to win tonight, it will need to continue to see strides at the plate from players like Kirsti Merritt. three home runs against Tennessee, matching her home run total from the stride, Walton hopes to see improvement from his team that batted just .208 and struck out 27 times in three games against the Volunteers, especially because less than one-third of the regular season remains to be played. The bottom line is we have to execute, Walton said. Thats going to be the key. We have to execute everything. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 ALLIGATOR, 15Jordan McPherson / Alligator StaffKirsti Merritt bats during Floridas 8-0 win against Mercer on March 12 at Katie Seashole Pressly Stadium. Merritt hit three home runs in Floridas three losses to Tennessee. The Gators play the Seminoles tonight at 6. Alligator File PhotoKarsten Whitson pitches during UFs 5-0 win against USF on Feb. 20, 2011 at McKethan Stadium. Whitson pitched two innings Tuesday. Merritt hit three home runs against Tennessee SOFT, from page 13 BASE, from page 13 HOOPS, from page 13Hill stepping in NCAA Tournament 

PAGE 16

16, ALLIGATOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 2, 2014 JUNIOR WON THE LONG JUMP IN AUSTIN, TEXAS. LAWRENCE LAGUNAAlligator Writer@LagunaLawrenceMarquis Dendy is on his way to recovering from the NCAA Indoor Championships. After failing to score at the national meet Friday. showed coach Mike Holloway that his long himself. and dislocated arm. But the junior is realizing that now, and he champion again. lot harder and he understands that he has the way said. He had surgery this fall and I think someat the Southeastern Conference Championship in the triple jump. He just missed the podium in his other event, placing fourth in the long jump during the same competition. Similarly, Dendy placed 16th in the long But after overcoming the adversity from is what the Gators will see at outdoor nationals. It prepares us for the future, it prepares us for things we have to get done down the get to go to a meet that is a championship caliUnderstanding what it takes to overcome to comprehend. Dendy said he leaves everything in the past in order to prove himself all over again. I know how to keep my progression goDendy re-emerges after poor performance at IndoorsAlligator File PhotoMarquis Dendy (far left) races in the 55m on Jan. 17, 2013, during the Gator Invitation
