
PAGE 1

] 3 Passed Legislative Council last night passed summer trimester fee allocations, on the first reading, but budgets under the allocations will be postponed until the first council meeting during the summer. A second reading on the allocations is expected also at the Phi 6am Fral To Sell House For $45,000 By BARBARA GEYER Staff Writer Phi Gamma Social fraternity will sell its house almost immediately to Alpha Tau Omega fraternity prior to and expected to move on campus. Purchase price is $45,000. "'Fear that a gas stationor some business establishment will be built on the site is the main reason the A TO s are purchasing the house," siad ATO Pres. WilsonD. (Dee) Ayala, Ato president. "The house will be torn down, but the ATO's are undecided what to do with the property," Ayala said. "Several suggestions have been made that we use the lot as a parking lot or build a swimming pool or handball courts. Because the house belonged to the ATOs before the Phi Gams purchased it in 1941, the ATOs had the first option to buy it if it was ever sold. The new Phi Gam house, costing about $200,000, will be built on fraternity row between the Sigma Phi Epsilon house and the Tau Epsilon Phi house. Construction is to begin on the new Phi Gain house the end of May or the beginning of June, according to Phi Gain Pres. Jack Gill. The Phi Gams will stay in the old house until the new one ^ rvnf4 by Council first meeting of the next school fee allocations was postponed until term. after the finance law revision has Discrepancies betweenthe gone up for approval. current finance law and the budgets Oth e r action at the council caused postponement of the budget session included a grant of $160 passage. to the UF Music Department to Total budget requested for the send student Peter DeWitt and summer trimester is about instructor Willis Bodine to a $97,000, council members heard. Spartanburg, S.C., music contest. According to Student Body Vice In other action last night, Press. Frank Harshaw, council council: chairman, the errors in the budAllocated $163 to the May gets submitted were due ,to a International Week celebration to "misunderstanding by the council be used for bringing a speaker budget and finance committee." to the Festival of Nations Supper. Harshaw said the budget and The speaker is from Ecuador; finance committee had gone ahead Approved a $445 budget, to come with budget preparations based on from UF Pres. J. Wayne Reitz's a proposed revision of the finance concession fund, for the law, which has not been approved Educational Analysis Committee by council yet." (E AC), and ''The revision was on the agenda Passed a charter revision for the previous meeting," Harshaw the UF band. said, "but it was not considered Harshaw last night praised the because a quorum call revealed budget and finance committee, that there was not a quorum saying, "These people and present. The meeting was then Secretary of Finance Jim Crabadjourned." tree have done a lot of work in The proposed revisions will the past few weeks. come up at the summer session's "They have accomplished more first scheduled council meeting, than any similar committee has May 7. done in the same length of time Consideration of fall and winter as long as I can remncmber." SG Sponsors Film In McCarty Thursday A Student Government (SG) -sponsored program on Florida's immediate higher education needs will be presented Thursday, in McCarty Auditorium at 7 p.m., according toSGSecretary of Academic Affairs John Ritch. Purpose of the program is to give students concrete information on the position of the UF today and how it can be improved, he said. Higher education has to meet the challenge of helping the state of Florida reach its full potential, Ritch said. Included in the program will be a showing of the "Florida Universities Need Dollars" (FUND) film, which was put together by SG and the Florida Industrial Commission. The film points out the services and needs of the UF. Dean of Academic Affairs Robert B. Mautz will discuss the recent budget request of the UF now up for state legislative consideration. Mautz will explain the necessity of the amount asked and will also show how much the State Board of Control has cut that budget. Invitations are being sent out to officers of fraternities, sororities dormitories, Florida Blue Key, Mortorboard and all other campus organizations by UF Pres. J. Wayne Reitz and Student Body Pres. Paul Hendrick. All interested students are invited to attend. .oratorio of King DQWW MM in the Florida Gymnasium are, from left, violinist Mary Bennett, director Dr. Elwood Keister, concert mistress Ina Claire Forbes and Dean of Student Affairs Lester L. Hole.t THIS GARBAGE CAN display won first prize yesterday in an interfraternity contest sponsored by the State Theatre. It is a product of Phi Gamma Delta imagination. College Dean's Wife Dead at 65 Mrs. Anna Abrams Well, wife of Dean Joseph Weil of the UF College of Engineering, died at the J. Hillis Miller Health Center after a heart attack Monday night. Site was 65. Dean Weil this week announced his retirement as dean of the engineering college so he could return e teaching and research in biomedical engineering. Mr. and Mrs. Weil came to Gainesville on their honeymoon in 1921 from Pittsburgh, making this their home since then. Mrs. Weil was well known as a hostess for the many official social functions given by the College of Engineering and the UF and for her work in a score of local organizations. She was made an honorary professor of engineering by UF decree in 1957. She was also a charter member and founder of the Alpha Tau Chapter of Alpha Epsilon Phi sorority and for many years the faculty advisor of the Kurtz Wins lop Grant Dr. Albert K. Kurtz, UF professor of psychology, has been selected for a Fulbright grant to teach in the United Arab Republic. He will serve as visiting lecturer at Einshams University in Cairo, Egypt, for the academic year beginning September 1963. A member of the faculty here since 1953, Dr. Kurtz has taught in numerous universities throughout the nation including Yale, Michigan State ad Pennsylvania State. sorority. She was a charter member of Founders' Circle of the Gainesville Garden Clubs, and the founder of the UF Engineering Wives Club. She was 'past treasurer of the UF Women's Club. Mrs. Weil was active in aiding and advising students at the UF. In 1957 the Anna A. Weil Loan Fund for girls was established. M'iss Awirey W'ins Summer Ediloriship Miss Maryanne Awtrey, a f o u r t h -year journalism student, was elected editor of the Florida Alligator for the summer trimester last night. Currently a managing editor of the paper, Miss Awtrey will graduate in August. Elected managing editor was George Moore, a junior majoring in political science. He'ss, member of Alpha TauOmega(ATO) Social fraternity. Miss Awtrey has worked since her freshman year on the Alligator, and has held positions, including wire editor, coed pege editor, editorial assistant, staff writer and managing editor. She's a resident od Gainesville .and a member of Theta Sigma Phi, professional journalism soceity for women Moore has worked on the All)gator for three trimesters, and has held titles of assistant layout editor and editorial assistant. In addition toedilorlalpltions, Miss Autrey also served as busIness m anag er of the Alligator during the summer al 1961. The Florida Al ligator Vol. 55, No. 118 The University of Florida, Gainesville Wednesday, April 3, 1963 Fee Allocations 

PAGE 2

Page 2 The Florida Alligator Wednesday, April 3, 1963 Science Not Buying Anyone planning to sell his body to science is out of luck--contrary to popular opinion--according to Dr. James G. Wilson, head of the J. Hillis Miller Health Center Anatomy Department. IIt is against the law in every state of this country to give money for the body of a human being," he said. '"The cadavers we use for science are donated by people who want their bodies to continue to serve a useful purpose after death. In Florida the donor is asked to pay for transportation to the medical center. P hi Eta Sigma Elects Officers Robert N. Solomon recently was elected president of Phi EtaSigma freshmen men's honorary fraternity. Serving with him will be S. Roy Higginbotham, vice president; Kirby Smith, secretary andGerald M. Haskins, treasurer. Bodies Wilson said the health center uses about 25 cadavers each year for instructing students in medicine, nursing and physical therapy. 'S i n c e t h e public has been assured that the cadavers are never treated disrespectfully, we have as many as we need," Wilson said. "California is the only other state. which has an abundance of anatomy material." According to Wilson, persons wishing to donate their bodies can write the Florida Anatomical Board at the health center, and will be sent applications. "We have more than a 100 applications in the files now," he said. "They are from people of all social and economic levels. It all depends on a person's frame of mind." I M some cases whole families have donated their bodies," Wilson said. '"However, we never take a body without the full cooperation of the next of kin at the time of death even though the papers have been signed. UNDERGRADUATE STUDENTS OAN. ag.19 & <.mpleton.*f.t .eastI y.r .f cof.,.> GRADUATE STUDENTS and FACULTY MEMBERS THE ASSOCIATION OF PRIVATE CAMPS ..comprising 350 outstanding Boys. Girls. Brother-Sister and Co-Ed Camps. located throughout the New England. Middle Atlantic States and Canada. INVITES YOUR INQUIRIES concerninq summer employment as Head Counselors. Group Leaders. Specialties. General Counselors. Write, Phone, or Call in Person Association of Private Camps -Dept. C Maxwell M. Alexander. sExtctive Diret' 55 West 42nd Street, OX 5-2656, New York 36, N. Y. I Written by 4 Profs Here Novel Explores Poi-tical 'Revolt' 5T O TR U ANM-FEK .Judi Judson is today's Gator Girl .A senior majoring in OCCupational therapy the blonde blue-eyed Coed is from Fort Lauderdale, proving it's not just "where the boys are." She has served as seCretary-treasurer and president of the Florida Christain Fellowship. Pre-Law Rites Held The Pre-Law Society installed -newly elected officers at abanquet last night at the Student Service Center (Hub). Guest speaker was Dean Frank Maloney of the College of Law. Officers are Pres. William Merwin, Vice Pres. Fred Abrams, Secretary Stephen Kahm and Treas. Byron Winn. New industry moves into town. Retirees bring antagonistic interests to a city. A big developer doubles a town's population. Any one of these events could plant the seed for a political ''revolution", says a new book on urban politics by four UF professors. What happens when a Florida town's old guard is challenged by new interests is one of the central topics of ''The Urban Political Community," by Dr. Gladys M. Kammerer written in collaboration with Dr. Charles D. Farris, Dr. John M DeGrove and Alfred B. Clubok, all of the UF Department of Political Science. Released last week by Houghton Mifflin Company, the paperback book presents political profiles of eight Florida communities ranging in size from 5,000 to nearly 100,000 population. Actual Florida towns hide behind such fictitious names-as "Floriana," a food-processing center; "Dorado," a millionaire's retreat turned retirement city, and "Westbourne," a sleepy suburb for status seekers. Essentially the profiles are portraits over a 15-year span, 1945-1960, of the changing power structure of the towns. Because all are councilmanager cities, there areno political parties as such operating, but in most of the towns there are fairly well-defined cliques or factions that have certain policy objectives for the domination of local government. To uncover the power elites the political scientists obtained most of their data from on-the-spot interviews with local leaders. The analysis explores two issues: The firing of the city manager, as one of the town's most important political events, and the identification of problems that have arisen in town politics. The authors find that as towns grow in population they move from monopolistic to competitive politics if new economic interests or social classes come into play. For example, the coming of a new industry, with new types of employees following a different style of life has brought a new political element into the 'mix'" of one town. According to the book, retirees representing a different income level provide a tax-conscious and zoning-conscious political faction. Banks also play a central role in attracting policy-minded business interests Wu them and forming political cliques in almost all towns studied. Realtors and developers join tourists interests in towns posses sed of the natural advantages to attract tourists and retirees. Sun May Be Moon Man's Best Friend The sun may turn out to be man-on-the moon's best friend. The sun may cook his meals, d r i v e his engines, furnish his building materials, send his messages and even give him a drink of water, according to Dr. Erich Farber, UF solar energy expert currently engaged in lunar probe research. Dr. Farber told a solar energy symposium audience here this week that solar furnaces would be one of the first and most useful tools man will carry to the moon. Farber reported on his work with solar furnaces in forming crystals from such substances as calcium and aluminum which he believes man will find on the moon. The crystals, he anticipates, may be made into solar batteries to generate electricity on the moon, or into laser beams for communications. He is director of the UF's Solar Energy Laboratory, a consultant to the Air Force Office -of scientific Research, professor and research professor in the University's College of Engineering. "The more man can use of the materials he finds on the moon, the less he'll have to haul in expensive space freighters," he says. Farber has made crystals in his laboratory which do not exist in nature because they need very high temperatures and cannot survive in the earth's moist atmosphere .They will survive on the moon, however, where an atmosphere is almostnon-existent he reports. He has made crystals as large as one centimeter and is aiming for larger and more perfect ones. In his search to determine if they have properties which can be utlized on the moon, he reports, IT TAKES .O t low,Nothing else needed but y to complete this picture of filter smoking at its flavorful best. Enjoy yourself.light up a Winston. PURE WHITE, MODERN FiLTER: PLUS FILTER -BLEND UP FRONT WH".nston tastes !ood like a clgaretteshould, ftesa s ere"o m ebCes----. Vwan-z&eW .N. .r_ they have x-ray paternal, pAndta he is able to determine how well they conduct heat. What materials do scientistS expect to find on the moonf? Farber says they are counting on finding such mineralsas calcium, silicon, aluminum and iron. 

PAGE 3

SELL Needs To'Sell' In Aiding Education By KING D. WHITE Staff Writer A hard-core group of about 50 UF students has been working for two-thirds of a year with no way of measuring the success of its efforts and no sure way of ever knowing the fruits of its labor. The group is the Student Educational Legislative Lobby (SELL), chartered by the Legislative Council with the stated purpose of representing "the interests of the student body in Florida legislation concerning the University of Florida and higher education in general." "The name 'SELL' isn't entirely accidental," said Chairman John Strickland. "We do have a selling job to do-we want to sell the legislature on the concern of students and their families for higher education in Florida. "To do this we must establish a channel of communications between the legislators and the student body." Under Strickland, SELL has undertaken a program of direct ..performs cital Monday. 1000 contact with members of the Florida legislature to convince the lawmakers of students' interest in higher education. "We can't really measure the degree of our success," Strickland said; "but we feel these contacts with the legislators have been useful to students, the legislature and the university." Working with other groups throughout the state, SELL has devoted its efforts this year to general support of the university budget soon to be before the legislature. Similar groups of students have been active at the University of South Florida (US F) in Tamps and at Florida State University (FSU) in Tallahassee. In addition to overall support of the budget for higher education, Strickland pointed to another major concern of SELL. "We are also trying to acquaint the legislators with the necessity of removing the present obstacles to efficient administration and control of the university system," MODERN DANCER in Orchesis, modern dance society reStrickland said. "We wish to make the lawmakers aware of the fact that the present system is not good, without presuming to suggest a specific alternative," he continued. Strickland said the UF body and other groups have taken the McDonald Report of the Space Era Education Study (SEES) as a "source book" in their fthislative contacts. "SELL, as well as the groups at USF and FSU, has taken the report as the basis for facts and information in our legislative contacts," he said. "In this way, we are all using the same source PHOTOGRAPHY WI NNERS and talking about the same things." Strickland noted, however, that in the first Annual All-Campus Student Photogthe UF group probably was putting raphy Show are Ann Holmes and Joe Patanella. The more emphasis on certain sections contest was sponsored by the Florida Union Board of of the report than were some of the others. Student Activities. Flavet Three Holds Art Show Flavet III painters and sculptors placed their works on display last weekend as the village Trivette club sponsored an art show. The f r e e s h o w .featured 58 artistic creations supplied by Flavet art students, professional artists and hobbyists. The art was on display at the village recreation hall. According to Trivette Art Exhibition Chairman Carol Nichol, more than 300 persons attended the show. The Flavet III women's organization plans to make the AF Squadron Gives Training A new Air Force reserve squadron will enable UF students with a reserve military obligation to whittle away on reserve time while in school. The 9324 Air Force Reserve Recovery Squadron has about 100 positions available for its one week end per month, two-week summer camp duty requirements. Headquarters are at the Gainesville Airport. The two-week summer camp is scheduled during mid August to take advantage of the student's summer break. Pay is received for 24 days per year plus two weeks of active duty. The recovery squadron is designed, in case of emergency, to prepare a plane base repair the plane and send it back into action. 7j00 \N MOTEL U. S. ROUTE 441 SOUTH FR 2-6333 STUDY in COMFORT and PRIVACY Special Student Rates While You're Here, A 0 Per Person Try Our (Double Occupancy) DELUXE BUFFET Luncheon ...1.26 By Reservation OnlyL Everything Comfort Desires Dinner ..1.94 art show an annual event. Mrs. Nichol and co-chairoman Shirley Wisser organized tt show. Paintings, watercolors mid sculptures were shown. Aluminum and rock sculptures by Johann Eyfells were exhibited, as well as a work in plywood and strings by Don Kalec. Marie Vanzant displayed two Japanese-like paintings on silk, and a watercolor called "Misty Morning" by Joel Easom was shown. Also exhibiting were Jto i'almter. Jim Palmer, Warren E Stritt, K r i s tiln E ells, Bernard .11id Shirley Wisser. I eanard Tnch'ver. E lthea Childress, Betty sweinhart, obin and Chris Ford. Also, Gerai'd Vi'rmey. Marie Vanzant, Tom Cooper, Giary V idg dill, 11 a r 1) 1 r a S 11 1 v I d s. Prescott Gould, EmIlo V~ebolo, Benita /immnrman, Aiwel Caban, Milton Bailey, Janet Fernandez, Arnold Hart. Charlotte Kaiser, Alex Powell, Tobie Stitt and W.M. Cullar. Some shapes are hard to improve on. Askony hen Yronu i! o n't design a more fueitionol shape for an egg And w( figure the ,rn,' is irus of the Volkswoge n das Don't think we hadn't tri ed 'As o matter of fast, the Volkswagen's beers changed nearly 3,000 times) But we cant tpr-,e our bas design. Like the egg, its the rght kind of package for what goes imide So thar's where ws of ,ur energy joes. To get n~re powr without iing more gas, To put synchroemesh o first gear To improve the heater. Teat kind of thing. As a 5 sulr, our package carries four adults, and their luggage, at about 32 miles to a gallon of rcgulor gas andJ 40,000 miles to a set of tires. i/'vnodoe a few eateral chae'0 o of co'rs'0 sch as push-button doorknobs. W ch is one up on the egg. MILLER -BROWN MOTORS 1030 East University Avenue A~I L n Theurtivers i nn t 

PAGE 4

Page 4 The Florida AlligatorWednesday, April 3, 1963 c11igat The Paper's Aim: All the newf uith decenc) ,u ) t Ii;' daily or no? The basic purpose of a paper--campus or otherwise--should be to inform its readers of the news that is current. Another purpose also is, or should be, prominent--that is, to uplift the standards of its readers. At the University of Florida, the readership of the Florida Alligator is composed not only of students, but alsoof faculty and administration. We said at the beginning of this trimester that the operation of a daily newspaper and its feasibility quite probably could be proved during this period. We said we "aimed not to miss the boat on news coverage." We know in some instances we have, but we do feel that in the main we have fulfilled this aim. We do wonder, however, if there is enough news to warrant the continuance of adaily newspaper at the University of Florida. The arguments for a daily are these: 1) This is one of the largest higher education institutions in the country--22nd in the nation at last estimate--and all comparable universities have daily newspapers. 2) There is enough news and "uplifting material" in the daily paper. The argument against a daily newspaper is simply this: there isn't enough news to warrant daily publication. Frankly, we'll be happy to put out a daily paper, or a weekly semi-weekly or tri-weekly, for that matter. But we do think it would be valuable to find out what is the student body--faculty and administration, also--reaction to this first year of daily publication. We hope you like our efforts--and like them well enough to support us for another year. But there's absolutely no sense in continuing a daily if the paper isn't meeting the needs of its readers. Please fill out the blank below, using your name if you prefer. Name. -.----. Year in school and major. ...... Does the Alligator warrant daily publication. If not, how many days a week should it be put out. Any suggestions for improvement. .. Please return by mail or person to The Florida Alligator, room 10, Florida Union. The Florida Alligator Editor-In-Chief.David Lawrence Jr. Managing Editors. ........Maryanne Awtrey, Ben Garrett Business Manager. Jay Fountain Sports Editor.Walker Lundy Assistant to the Editor.Sandy Sweitzer News Editor.Judy Barnes Editorial Page Editor.Ron Spencer THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the University of Florida and is published daily except Saturday and Sunday. THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida. Offices are located in Rooms 8, 10, and 15 in the Florida Union Building Basement. Telephone University of Florida, FR 6-3261, Ext. 2832, and request either editorial office or business office. Opinions voiced in personal columns on this page do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the editors. Only editorials are the official voice of the paper. 'TNK You CAa E' Little Coverage UP THE PACE, O.J ?" Of UF Tennis EDITOR: Bats off to Bill Tym, Jets'. U Pfeiffer, Fred Shaya, Ron Rebbhuh Og Don Losman, Bobby Dodd, Jr., U 0 and Bob Agnew. In case you havr C never heard of these people, the, are on our tennis team. It seems that every time I pick up the Alligator, football article, are plastered all over the sports page, regardless of the season. Well, I like football, but this is tennis season and the Gators are now sporting the fine record of seven wins and one loss. This is a record any school should be proud of. LETTERS: Kennedy ls Not Blindfolded EDITOR: We would like to answer the questions raised by Messrs. Garcia and Malavasi in their letter entitled, "Was Kennedy Blindfolded.' With such astute critics as these, any attempts by the present administration to alleviate the Cuban menace would seem insufficient. It seems that you, Messrs. Garcia and Malavasi, interpret the news concerning Cuba to your own satisfaction. This is not fair to the administration, and certainly an unnecessary waste of the students' newspaper space. Probably the most important are your misinterpretations of the reasons behind the President's conference with the leaders of the Central American countries. By rereading these points, it becomes obvious that the President is only too aware of Cuba's real danger in this hemisphere. This danger is 'not the danger of a direct attack, which is what the President meant when he said that Castro is no longer a menace to this continent; instead, it is the danger of Communist subversion. We believe that this is the harder problem to contend with. The points presented in the President's conference call for tighter controls over the people of these countries. This desire to show the governments how to help themselves is probably the only course open to this country in it's running battle with Communist Cuba. The principles that the President set forth are aimed at controlling the propaganda, arms, Communist sympathisers, and the citizens' right to riot and demonstrate. One of the less important errors in your judgement of the administra t ion revolves around the removal of Soviet troops from Cuba. Russia agreed to BEGIN removing troops from Cuba by March 15th, not to completely remove them by that date! Also, Mr. Khrushchev declared that he would consider any agression against Cuba as an attack on the Soviet Union. On this one point you were right; but, he did this to avert any U.S. invasion of Cuba arising from the attack on the U.S. shrimp boat, and not to scare the smaller nations, but the United States. In conclusion, we would like to say that although you are too inclined to underestimate the willingness of Russia lo come to Cuba's aid;we are not.Fortunately, neither is the administration, for they have chosen another course in solving the Cuban problem. So you would see, if you would lift up the corner of your blindfold that it is not President Kennedy but you, Mr. J. F. Garcia, and you, Mr. S. Malavais, who are blindfolded. On several occasions, there has been neither an announcement of an upcoming match or coverage of match results. What coverage has appeared in the Alligator seems to be only a filler. If you have never played tennis before, try it some time in 05 degree or 90 degree weather. It's not only an exhausting sport, as Jerry Pfeiffer will attest, but it requires top individual ability. To really be efficient in tennis, practice is demanded year 'round. The team is now seven-and one, including victories over Navy, Duke, Georgia Tech, and Georgia. I realize that the Alligator office is a long distance from the tennis courts, but if you will supply the reporter, I will supply the transportation. Chuck Schroedel, 2UC Ed Lachman, lUC Bill Fischette, 2UC Sedages oted12 A Southerner Protesting Southern Society Changing Cotton was once king in the Deep South. But the monarch has left his domain, has fled westward to Texas, to the irrigated fields of Arizona, and to California, where the white fiber isnow the leading money crop of all the hundreds raised in that lush and DONALD GRUBBS Southerner Protesting fertile state. In Dixie, by contrast cotton acreage has been cut almost in half since 1929, and other crops are raised instead. A major milestone in this change was the New Deal's AAA c o t t o n reduction program. Southern planters, since then, have recieved benefit payments enabling them to mechanize and diversify their operations. The mules whichbegan this revolution by plowing under an old way of life." And why has the end of cotton's dominance had such far-reaching effects? Primarily because cotton was inseparably connected with the cheap-labor plantation system. At 'chopping (hoeing) and picking time, a tremendous amount of unskilled hand labor was needed. Southern planters first secured this supply through slavery and then, after 1865, through crop-lien slavery --peonage--and by denying the supposedly freed slaves the education and political rights that would enable them to move off the plantations. (Real freedom-the same freedom a white man has--is only now being slowly and bitterly won by our Negro slaves, and some of you who read these lines are opposing the process). Cotton thus produced in the South, until recently, a f e u d alI society with the wealthy planters and professional men at the top, the yeoman farmers and tradesmen in the middle, and the mass of poor whites and unfree Negroes under the doormat. The South's first industry of consequence, textiles, did little to disturb this stratification. First, the industry was largey limited to a narrow strip of territory between Danville, Virginia and Columbus, Georgia; second, the mill villages were usually private domains whose owner-foremen.operatives social structure was as feudal as that of the rest of the South, Only in the twentieth century, to a great extent within the last thirty years, has this agrarian structure been overshadowed by the complex, fluid society which industry, with its manifold employment opportunities, had created. Half of the South Atlantic states now have more of their non-agricultural workersemployed in manufacturing than the national average. During 1954-1959 manufacturing payroll increased by 40 per cent in these states and investment in new plant and equipment by 30 per cent; the comparable national figures were only 30 per cent and 13 per cent, .r e spe c t ively. The rapidly industrializing South is now more urban than rural; even Mississippi that horrible example of everything is almost 40 per cent urban. This industrialization and urbanization has expanded employment opportunities, all of then well-paid as compared to most agricultural work, has blurred class lines and c r e at e-d diversity, promoted controversy, and weakened dogma. But these changes in Southern society are only slowly being reflected in the beliefs of Southern politicians. In the next few columns a discussion of the fossilized injustices of Southern politics will make it clear just what this protesting Southerner is protesting. LETTER S All letters to the editor should be addressed to the Florida Alligator, Florida UtiLon Building, and should preferably be typewritten on 8-1/2'' by 11" paper, although letters not conforming to these above standards will be accepted. Every letter submitted must be signed, but names will be withheld upon request. The Alligator reserves the right to refrain from printing any letter which we feel is in poor taste, and also reserves the right to shorten letters (without -changing their meaning) for reasons of brevity. U 

PAGE 5

IDEAL HOME for University and Medical Center personnel. Lovely location 5 minutes from University. Call FR 6 -4097. (A-115-5t-c) TIRED OF WALKING orpedelling? N.S,U. Motor. Make offer. Call FR 2-6023. See at 1642 West University Avenue. (A-119-3t-c). FOR SALE -End table, dining room table, 4 chairs, 2 piece bedroom suite, 2 tables. Good condition. Call FR 6-9078. (A18-2t-p). MARRIED STUDENTS -Throw off our shackles of conformity and move into decent housing. 2 edroom-CB home for sale by student ownter. Added feature -no axes -outside city limits. FR -1909 after 5 p.m. All day ekends. (A-113-tf-c). FOR SALE -Black leather Symphonic portable stereo record player in good condition. Must sell immediately. Call Cynthia at FR 2-1675. (A-117-3t-c). BURROUGHS ELECTRIC Adding Machine for sale. Very reasonable. Call FR 2-1176. (A-118-3t-c). 1951 SAFE -WAY TRAILER. 30' x 8' with a 10' x 8' cabana. Fenced -in -yard. $995. See at Archer Road Village, 3620 SW Archer Road, or call Joe Wills, FR 2-6940. (A-110-tf-c) OR SALE 39' x 8' Southwestern mobile home with two room cabana. Must sell by May 4.See atSheffield Trailer Park. 4700 SW Archer Road, or call J. H. Seals at FR 6-1162. (A-l-t-c). BY OWNER -Very attractive new bome five minutes to campus in 3. W. L a r g e wooded lot. Beam ceilings, cyprus paneling, hardwood floors, large center all, tlled kitchen and bathrooms. Designed for Florida living. FR P-0328. (A-lll-16t-c) WILL CARE FOR infants or small :hildren by day or night in private iome. 1406 NW 5th Avenue, Phone R 6-8961. (M-65-tf-c). ESTOR'S TV, RADIO,HI F ERVICE -Tubes checked free. Free estimates. Next to Florida ookstore Parking Lot. 1627 NW st Avenue, Phone FR 2-7326. M-99-28-p) TYPING DONE on e 1 e c t r i c ypewriter. Term papers, reports, heses. Reasonable rates. Contact rs. Rose Martinez at FR 6-3261 xt. 2575 from 8 -5:00 or FR -1859 weekends or evenings. (M1l9-lt-c).-'e tANTED: Set of weights with arbells. Call FR 6-4301. (C-119t-c). IDE WANTED to Yellowstone ark or points west. Leaving around April 28. Call FR 6-5790. C-119-3t-c) WO ROOM MATES to share two room apartment with kitchen. lose to campus. $25 per month lus utilities. Call FR 6-9873 or seeat 1314 NW 2nd Ave. (C-118t-j HEAPER TO BUY? We say definitelyy! See our 3 bedroom, wo bath home at 713 NW 25th Avenue. Payment $70 per month. rd bedroom has own bath and rate entrance. Call FR 2356. Any reasonable offer or rude accepted. (1-119-5t-c). AIR CONDITIONED apartment for rent. Two bedroom, close to campus, completely furnished. Available for summer trimester. Call FR 2-7575 or FR 6-4819. (B-117-5t-c). FOR RENT -Furnished garage apartment. Completely private. Water furnished. $75 per month. Also 3 room apartment second floor. $55 per month. Call FR 2-3794 or FR 2-1823. (B-ll8-tf-p). FOR RE NT Large 2 bedroom house in the country. Available for 3 or 4 male or female students. Available after April 20. Anyone interested, call Mr. Kaplin. FR 2-0481. (B-119-5-c). FOR RENT -across from campus. Convenient and clean garage efficiency apartment. From April 22 to July 1. Apply 321 SW 13th St. (B-119-It-c)LARGE Wood-paneled apartment for rent 3rd trimester. Perfect for 2 or 3, close to campus. Call 372-9712 after 4 p.m. (B-119-3-p). TRAILER RENTALS -In town, $3.50 up per day -out of town, $6.50 up per day. F. & M. Trailer Rentals. 524 NW 8th Avenue. FR 6-3118. (B-117-5t-c). ATTRACTIVE ROOM in quiet home. Private entrance, kitchen privileges. Excellent for student who needs to study. 372 -7883. (B-116-5t-c). NICE TWO BEDROOM Furnished Apartments for students beginning May first. Will accomodate up to 4 students comfortably. Right near campus. Reduced rates for summer. Call Mrs. Jones at FR 6-5636. Occupancy may be had at end of this trimester. (B-112-tf-c) NEW AIR CONDITIONED Apartments for summer for boys or girls. Two room efficiency close to campus. Utilities paid except lights. $115 per month with 4 in apartment. $100 per month with less than four. Also renting for fall trimester to boys only. See at 1518 NW 4th Avenue. Call FR 6-4353. (B-113-f-c). TWO BEDROOM Apartment with kitchen and bath. Presently accomodated 3. $75 per month. Available for summer trimester. 503 SE 7th St. FR 2-6716. (B118-4-c). MOVING? Avoid semester end rush. Reserve your one way trailer while all aixes are available. United Rent-All, 625 NW 8th Avenue. Phone FR 6-2835. (B-117-9-c). RENTALS -House and apartments. Furnished and unfurnished in all sections of Gainesville. Contact Wayne Mason c/o Arnold Realty Co. Two blocks east of campus, 1119 West University Avenue. FR 2-3522, (B-117-5t-c). FOR SALE -1953 Chevrolet 2 door, radio, heater, stick shift. Good condition. FR 2-2119. (GY8-5t-p). WANTED TO BUY '50 through '54 Fords and Chevrolets. Al Herndon Service Station, 916 SE 4th Street. F2308.G-94-tf-c L 1959 VOLKSWAGON -Excellent condition -$950. Call Frank Cross. Days: FR 6-3261, ext. 2256, nights FR 2-9343. Buckman 4-A.(CG-118-3t-c). -' HAVE FUN THIS SUMMER '60 Sprite with removable hardtop, several custom features, in good condition, A real girl getter! Call FR 6-3357 afternoon. (G19-St-c). 162 RED VOLKSWAGON with sunroof, seat belts, and heater. Looks and drives like new. $1595. Call FR 2-2975. (G-116-tf-c) THIRD IN A SERIES Hunger's Impact on (EDITOR'S NOTE. ..This is the 'America and Oceania. third in'a series of lour articles On the whole, agriculture dealing with the topic --Hunger's production has increased only I m p a c t On The Wo rI d 's slightly more than the population. Ideologies,written by UF student A UN study shows that in 1939, Dieter Plasse. In the first two 39 of the worlds population segments, Plassee discussed the was undernourished, in 1950, 62% ISSUE at hand, namely hunger, This figure is even higher today. and w world POPULATION Overproduction of food in some GROWTH.) areas does ot help to solve UNDEVELOPED ECONOMY, the problem of food shortage In many areas with a predomin others. inating agricultural population, The profit on investment is the farms do not produce above usually high in these countries. the subsistence level. As a However, in many instances this consequence, a moiietized profit is taken out from the economy canot develop unless country, put in Swiss banks or agriculture production is invested in 'safer areas', stimulated. It is estimated, for instance Such stimulus of a stagnating that the present flight capital agriculture production, however, from Latin America amounts to demands skill and capital and a 20 billion dollars, a sum which sound agriculture policy. It is is equal to the amount supposed necessary to encourage local to be put into this area in the savings and thus set in motion program of the Alliance for the cycle of sustaitted economic Progress during the next 10 growth: marketing of agriculture years. products, monetary income of Hunger is increasing. IT is farming population, demand for a potential ferment for discontent industrial products, stimulation atd istabilitydin the largest of industrial production and part of the world. creation of jobs to employ the DEMOCRACY Ot COMlabor force which is set free MUNISM -A FALSE in rural areas by rationalization ALTERNATIVE. Asesterit-type of agriculture, system of democracy and free The dependence of maty economy depends on a high degree The epenenc of any of education anddivision of labor growing economies on the export of educatiox admiistatord of one product (Brazil, coffee; ot a complex administration atnd Honduras, bananas; Bolivia, tin; a differentiated coordinating Cuba, sugar) and the price deapparatus of ecotonical atd crease for raw materials in the political activities. It depends world market in recent years on a social structure which prohave brought many countries to vides equal rights foreverybody. economic ruin. There are It depends on thinking and acting countries which have lost more beyond the small economical unit incomebecause of this fact than (farm) and the small social unit they obtained as foreign aid. (family, tribe, caste, etc.). Maldstribution of land asd Because these prerequisites inappropibetin system ave are not met in most developing nprnriate taxingsystemhave countries, as has been shown prevented increase of production a bo ve, democracy and an r and deprived the national budget e conomic system with western t of a source of income. Per capita features can be a desirable goal, food production in 1957 -58 was but not a reality in many countries lower than that in the pre war a h rsn oet years for the Far East, Latin at the present moment. It must not be forgotten that "political maturity" cannot be C lassifi d s re ached just through release CONVERTIBLE. Thunderbird automatic -good condition. Must sell. $450. Wes Patterson. 306 N. E. 6th Street. Call 4-6 p.m. (G-104-tf-c). GOING OVERSEAS THIS YEAR? Buy a new car at European prices and save. Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, English Ford or D.K.W. Call Hubert Barlow, FR 2-4251, Crane Motor Company. (G-86-40t-c). FOR SALE -TR-3 sports car. 1958 with 1960 engine. Excellent condition. Brand new tires all around. Phone FR 6 -7641. (G-114-5t-p). GOING TO EUROPE? THE CONTINENT? Let us arrange for a delivery of your new Triumph or Fiat anywhere. We take your old car in trade here and arrange for delivery of your new car there. Use It to tour the continent and return it to the States with you.I Call Ken Bowman FR 2-4373. Barkley Motors Inc. LincolnMercury -Meteor -Comet Triumph -Fiat. (G-114-13t-c). '51 STUQE BAKE R. Radio, overdrive, 20 m.p.g., good mechanical condition. Best offer over $75. Call FR 2-5283. (Gnr--j WAII --I---must be 21 or over. Call FR 2-9335 between 12 and 2 p.m. No experience needed. (E-113-U-c). sit ua ton s W a nt ed PROFESSORS -Taking an early summer vacation? Reliable UF graduate working in area April to July will live in and care for your home, pets, and plants. Call FR 6-6565. (F-119-t-c). from colonialism and feudalism. It must be recalled thatdit has taken countries in Europe centuries to go through totalitarianism and nationalism, centuries to establish the present form of economic (if they are through them yet) system after passirt1 through many other. different forms. It took the western nations time and effort to pass through the industrial revolution and get rid of the tumors of the early capitalistic era. While western countries impatiently wait for the developing countries to form a democracy and a free economic system, they are afraid that these countries might ''go communist". The term '"communism" is unjustifiably applied to young nations as soon as some signs of socialism appear. Socialism is something e n t i r e l y d i f f e r e n t from communism and has been practiced by European nations for decades to a greater or lesser e x t e n t. Many developing countries have made good' progress along a socialist line and have shown that the alternative "if you are not a democratic capitalist, you are a communist and supporter of Soviet Russia" is fiction, born in the mind of rightists of the John Birch type. KNOWLEDGE OfP THE COMMUNIST ideology and the major objective of Marxism Leninism -world communism as well as the understanding of the communist tactics show us that HUNGEMRSTHE BEST ALLY. OF TH IDEOLOGY. It must be understood that 'freedom' and 'individualism', terms which are of te n deprived of their real meaning, are relative values in the light of hunger. People who do not live, but merely exist on the garbage can of a small, rich society, suppressed by feudal landlords, often governed by corrupt, irresponsible Ideology gove rnments, are very susceptible to communism. For them, it is not an important issue that under communist rule they would only change feudalism for communist totalitarianism. For them, the issue of importance is the promise of land, the promise of destruction of the privileged feudal class, the promise of bread. While western democracy has the stigma of colonialism, communism identifies itself with education, land distribution, and technical progress. It also proclaims to be anti-colonialistic. While western democracy puts individual freedom above all, communism organizes working armies and rules with a centralized system, not hesitating a moment to use every means which might guarntee technical and economic progress. Communist leadersthough they are devoted to the international movement of their ideology, have better understood that the developing countries will go through a periodof nationalism which can not be bypassed. Where communism has beensuccessful, a strong middle class was either not existing or was destroyed. Lack of firsthand knowledge m a k e s illlite'rat e people susceptible to communist agitation and manipulation. The offer of a "scientific shaped" ideology, emphasis on promises for the future are tempting as well as the reference to the progress Soviet Russia has made front emergence of the feudal age at the beginning of this century to the active participation o f the shaping of the space age 40 years later. Is it surprising that nations who stand at the same stage of development as Russia did 45 .years ago--nations that are challenged by the same problems--are tempted to try communism as a shortcut towards industrialization and improvement of living standards. Hunger thus might work in favor of communists to an extent which would'threatenthe security of western nations. THE OUTLOOK. It has been shown that hunger exists in many parts of the world that are in a stage of political, economical and social transition. Low educational standards, low level of industrialization, unfavorable social and sociolo gical structures are hindering progress towards a new political economical and social stability. The industrialized nations of the West must speed up the solution of their own social problems and must help the Improvement of living conditions of 70% of the world's population If the traditional values of western philosophy and religion shall have any validity. Beyond this moral reason there is one of self interest. Politically speaking, the balance of power between communism and western ideology will be decided by the young, developing nations, to a large extent. Economically, the aspect of saturation of western markets and the necessity to create new ones must be taken into consideration. The western countries must stop trying to offer their way of living, their political system, their economical system, their Christianity, to non -western nations. The west should encourage these countries with tact and tolerance to search for their own economic, political and social system which is best adapted to their particular cultural background and economic condition. Such systems will necessarily often be ones of authoritarian and socialistic nature. (To Be Continued) ......j I 

PAGE 6

AT THE HUB aid bookstore CAMPUS SHOP & BOOKSTORE UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA 994 Each John Hersey's THE WAR LOVER. Extraordinary novel of an American World War n pilot with a secret passionfor destruction, and the lovers whose d e s ti n i e s strangelyintertwine with his. Unmasks the horrors of war and false heroism with all the epic power of "The Wall" and "Hiroshima." Pub. at $5.00. Sale .99 CHESS VICTORY, by Fred Reinfeld. Shows you, move by move, how to checkmate your opponent brilliantly and consistently. Pub. at $2.50. Sale .99 Angus Wilson--THE OLD MEN AT THE ZOO. The London Zoo is the place--and 1970 the time. A wildly witty, prophetic novel in which a "Uni-European" movement threatens the sovereignty of England. Pub. at $4.50. Sale .99 LAROUSSE FRENCHENGLISH -FRENCH DICTIONARY, by L. Chaffurin. Standard desk-dictionary, indispensable for every student, teacher and businessman who uses French. Includes special sections on grammar, pronunciation, names and idiomatic phrases. 768 pp. Special .99 "SUNSET" COX-Irrepressible Democrat,by David Lindsey.Life, opinions and incomparable wit of Samuel Sullivan Cox, the congressman from Ohio who advocated a peaceful settlement between North and South. A fascinating portrait of American politics from 1824 to 1889. Pub. at $5.00. Sale.99 American Humanist:HORACE BUSHNELL, by B. M. Cross. Life and work of the Congregationalist theologian who, like Kierkegaard, explored Christian thought in the context of humanistic patterns. Pub. at $6.00. Sale .99 THE SABRES OF PARADE, by Lesley Blanch. A magnificent saga of the courage, fanaticism and wild excesses of the thirty year war when the might of nineteenth-century Russia was hurled against the Oucasian Muslim tribes led by the immortal Shamyl the Avar.Iflus. 495 pp. Pub. at $6.95.Sale .99. RED CARPET TO CHINA, by Michael Croft. Immensely readable, highly critical, yet objective report of the achievements of the Mao regime. Pub. at $5.00. Sale .99 THE SOCIAL SELF, by Paul E. Pfuelse, Ph.D. A brilliant study of the parallelism between Martin Buber's "I-and Thou" and the empirical philosophy of G. H. Mead. Pub. at $4.50. Sale GROUP PSYCHOANALYS, by Bohdan Wassoll, M.D. Thought provoking presentation of this rqiy expanding psychoanalytic method--how it works, who it helps. Pub. at $3.75. Sale .99 Contemporary Poetry -PRISMATIC VOICES. An anthology of new, distinguished verse by 19 young American and European poets. Spanish, Italian and German verse with English tranelalions of on facing pages; French and English poetry in the original. Over 700 pages. Special Imporl. Sale .99 CONCISE DICTIONARY OF ABBREVIATIONS, ad. by G. Mayberry. Spells out thousands of frequenly eacseered abbrevintions "Highly uswul v.m. (vade' mecum) and ut~d. (up-todate)" -Life Magazine. Pub. at $3.75. Sale .99 Adventures With Khrushchev --ASK ME ANYTHING, by Bob Considine, Frank Coniff & William Randolph Hearst, Jr. Pulitzer Prize-winning Kremlin coverage which includes lengthy, exclusive interviews with Khrushchev, a detailed analysis of his rise to power, and the exciting experiences of three of America's liveliest and most perceptive reporters behind the Iron Curtain. Pub. at $4.95. Sale .99 AMERICAN NATIVES, by Erich Sokol. 60 bitterly satirical full-page drawings of people you know, by the brilliant young Austrian artist who has been compared to RowlandsonHogarth and Daumier. Intro. by Steve Allen. 9 1/4" x 12". Pub. at $4.95. Sale .99 Albert D. Lasker -TAKEN AT THE FLOOD. John Gunther's fine biography of one of the most interesting and influential Americans of the 20th century, father of modern advertising, art collector, humanitarian. 23 photos. Pub. at $5.00. Sale .99 HOLLYWOOD RAJAH -Life and Times of Louis B. Mayer, by Bosley Crowther. Incredible story of the Mogul of M-G-M --feuds, love affairs, movie stars. Illus. Pub. at $5.00. Sale .99 SHAKESPEARE FOR YOUNG ACTORS, ad. by E. P. Young. These adaptations are perfect for the student and a must for budding thspians.Arranged,with lucid commentary, for study and performance. Pub. at $4.50. Sale .99 Wilfred Noyc--SPRINGS OF ADVENTURE. History's legendary adventurers from Columbus to Hillary, revealtheir inner motives and feelings, their high moments of triumph. Illus. $4.00. Sale .99 THE BOWERY MAN, byElmer Bendiner. History of New York's famed skid row, from e a r l y flamboyant days to the present. A meaningful analysis of the psychology and sociology of despair. Photos. Pub. at $3.50. Sale .99 A DOCTOR'S LIFE OF JOHN KEATS, by 'W. A. Wells, M.D. Perceptive study of the effects of Keats' medical studies and illness on his personality, poetry, and love life. Pub. at $3.95. Sale .99 LONG DETANCE SWIMMING, by Gerald Forsberg. The history and lore of English Channel s w ims and other marathons, filled with valuable tips and rules for amateur and professional swim enthusiasts. Ilus. Pub. at $4.75. Sale .99 SAVE UP Amazon Jungle--WITH GRACIELA TOTHEHEADHUNTE RS, by Alfred Boelke. The hazardous adventures of the author, his wife and young daughter--four years living among the head-shrinking Jivaros of the Amazon. 3pages of photos. Pub. at $3.95. Sale .99 Rene Char -HYPNOS WAKING. Verse and prose by France's foremost modern poet, with selections from his war journal and other major works. "Our greatest living poet. .. astonishing" -Albert Camus. Pub. at $5.00. Sale .99 PORTRAIT OF AMERICA: Letters of Henry Sienkiewicz. A fascinating selection of letters about American life in 1876-78, touching on politics, social equality, the Indian, the American woman and a sympathetic view of the newly arrived immigrant. By the young Polish visitor who later wrote "Quo Vadis.'' Pub. at $5.00. Sale .99 MUHAMMADAN FESTIVALS, by G. E. von Grunebum. Fascinating story of thirteen centuries of Muslim rites, and their parallels in Judaic and Christian customs. Illus. Pub. at $2.50. Sale .99 THE ANGLO -AMERICAN TRADITION IN FOREIGN AFFAIRS, ed. by Arnold Wolfers & L. Martin. Readings, with a running commentary, from 20 great thinkers from Thomas More to Woodrow Wilson. Pub. at $4.50. Sale .99 GOETHE'S FAUST, Part One. One of the keystones of world literature in a new translation by Bertrand Jessup that captures all the meaning and poetry of the original. Pub. at $3.75. Sale .99 REVELATION THROUGH REASON, by E. H. Harris. A challenging statement which supports Christianity byfounding it on scientific evidence. Pub. at $4.50. Sale .99 GREEN UNIVERSE-The Story of Alexander von Humboldt, by E. F. Dolan, Jr. Life of the famous 19th century scientist explorer, humanitarian, friend of Thomas Jefferson. Maps.Pub. at $3.50. Sale .99 IJUCLEAR FLIGHT --The U.S. Air Force Programs for Atomic Jets, Missiles and Rockets, ed. by Lt. Col. Kenneth F. Gantz, USAF. Official detailed report of U.S. nuclear progress. Illus. Pub. at $4.00. Sale .99 COOPERATION AMONG ANIMALS: With Human Implications by W. C. Allee. The famous "Social Life of Animals" revised with emphasis on biological relationships involved in social relations, peace aixd war. Pub. at $3.50. Sale-.99 TO 80% OUTDOOR B TREM SALE RUNS APRI THE ALLEYS OF TV: THE BIG PICTURE, by NOT ING Lly MARRAKESH, by Peter Mayne. Stan Opotowsky. Fascinating, Dr. Magnus Pykeg An Englishwriter's colorful and comprehensive full-length tour of mAe revealing memoir of a year survey of television--sponsors, curio us bywq among the exotic byways and writers, critics, censorship, humbug, failures bazaars of Morocco. Pub. at unions, pay-TV, etc. Pub. at Man. lttus, p $3.75a $4.50. Sale .99 .99 THE MORALPHILOSOPHYOF Red China -TEN YEARS OF SOUND BAR SANTAYANA, by Milton Karl STQRM, by Chow Ching-wen. & E .Lanchbery Muntz. Out of the multi-faceted Fwd. by Lin Yutang. The inside story O highmind of Santayna, the rationalist story of what really goes on other current litterateur and esthetician, this behind the Bamboo Curtain, by velopments. illu volume presents the first cogent a former official of both the Sale .99 analysis of that comprehensive government an4 the Party. The A MIJIROR F thinker's ethical views. Pub. at communes, Mo Tse-tung, the SAXONS, by $2.75. Sale .99 "Wolf-and fox" diplomacy are Scintillang appr THE TORRINGTON DIARIES, thoroughly covered. Pub. at literature in Ame edited by C. B. Andrews. A $6.00. Sale .99 today. Included diarist as delightfully perceptive The Portuguese Explorers-discussions of as Pepys and Boswell provides CARAVELS OF CHRIST by G. Amis, and Aer an incomparable eye-witness Renault. The history of the great cultural leaders record of 18th century England. 15th century explorations that $3.50. Sale .99 Illus. Pub. at $7.50. Sale .9 took BartholomewDias and Vasco COLLECTED QUEST FOR A NORTHERN da Gama on their incredible adTHACKERAY. C AIR ROUTE, by Alexander ventures toEthiopia, Indiaandthe volume: The His Forbes. Absorbing personal New World. Ilus. Pub. at $5.00. Esmond,Esq.,Te record of the exploration and Sale .99 London Travels, charting of the treacherous Alexis de Tocqueville-447 pages, libr Arctic wastelands and waters, JOURNEYS TO ENGLAND AND .99 $1.4 .1941-1943. 36 photos and 9 maps IRELAND, ed. by J. P. Mayer. and diagrams graphically illusThe impressions that Tocqueville HE RE D ITY rate a fascinating narrative of recorded from these visits deNATURE, by Davi danger, adventure anddiscovery. scribe the social, economic and of the heredity Pub. at $4.00. Sale .99 political problems of Reform Age controversy, der FORM IN CIVILIZATION: England with incomparable what extent has Essays on Functionalism and pertinence and prophetic insight. are genetically b Beauty. W. R. Lethaby's classic Pub. at $4.50. Sale .99 $4.50. Sale $1.49 work on the aesthetics of architecture,with a foreword by Lewis Mumford. Outlines the principles of true functionalism that deeply influenced Frank Lloyd Wright and LeCorbusier, many others. Values up to $10 -Priced at Pub. at $2.75. Sale .99 THE CONSTITUTIONS OF DEUTSCHMEISTER BAND: BARTOK: Mk ABRAHAM LINCOLN & Marches of Many Nations. -Farnadi. JEFFERSON DAVS, by Russell BERLIOZ: Francs-Juges &King BACH: German Hoover Quynn. A Southerner's Lear -Sir Adrian Boult. 7; 21-23 -Weinric controversial and "historical" MOZART: Divertimentos:-Nos BEETHOVEN: study in contrasts. "Lincoln is 3, 4, 9, 16'Vienna Philharmonic Vienna Phil. Wind put off his pedestal," the author Wind Group. BACH: Well-Te writes. "Davis is given a truer -HAYDN: Quarters Opus 64 Nos. Book 1, Nos. 1-12 light and the real causes of 2 & 5 -Vienna Konzerthaus QuarBACH: Well-Te the war are shown." Pub. at tet. Book 1, NOn. t324 $1.25. Sale .99 LZT: Paganini and Concert BACH: Well-Te TEN CONTEMPORARY Etudes -Farnadi. Book 2, Nos. 1-8POLISH STORIES, ed. by Edmund THOMAS, DYLAN: Under Milk BACH: Well-Te Ordon. Ten leaders of the Wood, Part 2. Book 2, Nos. 9-16 astonishing, vital new literature BACH: Violin Concertos # 1 of the "thaw" represented in & 2 -Barylli BACH: Well-Te brilliant stories which range MOZART: Sonatas (Mozart Book 2, Nos.01 from allegory to existentialism, Piano) -Paul Badura -Skoda. HINDE 11TH: SO from brutal social criticistn to BEETHOVEN: Trios Opus 1, #3 Paul Badura -Sk the Kafkaesque. Pub. at $5.00. & Opus 11 -Janigro, Fournier, BUXTE HiDE. Sale 99 Badura-Skoda. Vol. 4 -Linder HANDBOOK OF BETTER MOZART: Posthorn Serenade V. WILL IANS: PHOTO G R A PrHsY. Revised No. 9, K. 320 -Barylli Qt. Vienna Tallis, COE edition by Z. Pressman and PPhilharmonic Winds. BEH\N Lamle. A ''must 'book for every CHOPIN (Ballades (complete) -BEETHOVEN: camera owner--tells and shows, Doyen. Scherchen. in clear text and excellent photos HAYDN Harpsichord Concerti -Scherchen. and diagrams, foolproof methods DVN-Lacord CCAcertTT of obtaining professional results. -eyron-Lacroix. atas, Vol. f -Vl.2 cheidrhnSw M ACHsVo. I-al Pub. at $3.00. Sale .99 9OC(9ER~ii: Chamlierinuic RAHMA.1 ALL ABOUTBOATS, by James Vol. 2 Schneiderhan, Pg n C oN. Hutchinson. What the novice boatBenesch. drashin, UCO.S.R man needs to know about BRUCKNER: Symphony No. 6 -BEETHOVEN: C everything from rowboats and Swoboda. 4, 5 -Janigro. canoes to schooners and cabin BACH: Fantasia, Toccata, ChABEETHOvEN: S cruisers. Hundreds of photos, conne -Gianoli. 8 -Secherchendiagrams & tables, plus 3 sets BRAHMS:-Symphony No. 1 -Sir BACH: Soo Ce of boat plans, much more. Pub. Adrian Boult. & 6 -Janigro. at $2.50. Sale .99 MOZART: Piano Trios Vol. 2 HAYDN: Pian The Story of Brook Farm: A -Badura-Skoda, etc. Reisenberg. SEASON IN UTOPIA, by Edith BUXTEHUDE: Organ Works, JOLIVE T: NIar R. Curtis. Engrossing history VoL 1 -Linder. certos -LaskineJ of 19th century' America's celBEETHOVEN: Quartet No. 7 PALESTEINIA: ebrated experiment in communal -Vienna Konzerthaus Qt. Marcelli -Theur living--its radical economic and BEETHOVEN: Quartet No. 8 -Kammerchor. sex principles, famou* Vienna Konzerthaus Qt. WALTON: U supporters and members (HawDELIUS: Violin & Cello Sonatas Adrian Boult. thorne, Alcott, Channing and -Pini, Rosea4 Horsley. BACH: Er'glis others) and inevitable ruin. Pub. PROKOFIEFF: Alexander 6 -Gianol Piao) at $6.95. Sale .99 Novsky -Samosud U.S.S.R. State BACH: Ca!tatas JAMES A. GARFIELD: His Orchestra & Chorus. Scherchen. Religion and Education, by W. MACHNITS Motets, Ballads -BACH: Cafriat W. Wesson. The role of liberal, C@IAhin musicum. Ode" -Sche chet. profoundly Christian faith in the -MA )M HUMANN/SADITBOYCE: symp thought and actions of the great S I MVaMnations -Ferrante and Haas. 19th century educator, 20th Tei mr. BEETHOVEN: Present of the US. Pub. at' CRAMsON/ GLAZOUNOV/ 9 No. 3, OP.8 MW.50. Sale .99 RAVEL/KABALEVSKY: Oatr#Ah. Riddle. ON BOOKS BY THE HUNDREDS Fiction, Non-fiction, Mystery, BiographIes, Memoirs, Children's Books BUILD YOUR LIBRtARY Old 

PAGE 7

OK AND RECORD SALE DOUS SA.YINGS 3, 4, & 5, 9 A.M. TO 4:30 P.M. IENCE, by Jack Kerouac: LONESOME The colorful Parisianlife,famousI ght-hearted TRAVELER. Illus. by Larry friends and inspired pranks of ,cience--its Rivers. The weird, wonderful, the famed 19th century writer, successes, wild adventures of "an indepenactor and satiric artist. Pub. md gifts to dent educated penniless rake at $4.25. Sale $1.49 $4.00. Sale going anywhere." America, THE FIRST ENGLISHMAN IN Europe, Mexico and Morocco are JAPAN, by P. G. Rogers. by N. Duke a few of the scenes richly Gripping true story of Will uthoritative described in the prose poetry Adams, Elizabethan seaman who flight and of the prophet of the "Beat in 1598 was stranded on hostile autical deGeneration." Pub. at $4.50. Sale Japanese soil, became foreign tb, at $4.75. $1.49 relations advisor to the Shogun, OTTO RANK--A Biographical helped establish the first East ANGLOStudy, by Jessie Taft. The first India Company trading postint rtin Green. definitive account of the life and Japan. Ills. Pub. at $2.50. SaleI of life and work of the great psychoanalyst, $1.49t andBritain his theories of the creative per$1.98 Each perceptive sonality and his break with the $ .8E~ 11, Salinger, Freudians. Pub. at $6.50. Sale THE ART OF JAZZ, ed. by 's rise to $1.49 Martin Williams. 27 brilliant pub. at BERIA'S GARDENS -Soviet essays on the nature and deS lave Labor Camps, by U. velopment of jazz, Sidney Bechet, OR KS OF Parvilahti.Terrifying, first-hand Bi Beiderbecke, DukeEllingon lete in one story of prison life in Moscow Billie Holiday, "Bird," ''Prez," y of Henry and Siberia, genocide of minority the M.J.Q., many others. "In-I ur Georges, groups, prison-camp labor inthe dispensible. ..excels any otherI Sketches. Soviet economy. Pub. at $5.00. previously published collectionI edition. Sale Sae $1.49 of jazz pieces."--Nat Hentoff.I HOW TO ENJOY GOOD Pub. at $5.00 Sale $1.98 4 ach HEALTH, ed. byECyril Solomon, U.S. CAMERA '62, ed. by TomI HUMAN M.D. 67 prominent physicians Maloney. The famous annual of4 *Rife. Study give you expert advise on every the best in photography by over environment important phase of health care. 70 of the world's foremostI nstrating to Authorized by the A.M.A. Pub. lensmen. Great moments of truthI differences at $3.95. Sale $1.49 in history, sports and the poetry d. Pub. at The Life and Times of HENRY of the every day. Over 200 pages MONNIER, by Edith Mecher of photos, 8 1/2" x 11 1/2''.4 Pub. at $10.00. Sale $1.98 The New Frontiersman--THE KENNEDY CIRCLE, ed. by1 Lester Taner. Intro. by DavidI Brinkley. The nation's top 1.98, $2.69 &,$5.99 Washington correspondents con.tributerevealing profiles-indepth of President Kennedy, hisI sinQs, Vol. 3 DVORAK: Piano Quintet; Str. key advisors and cabinet I Quartet -Farnadi. -members. Pub. at $4.95. Sale gan Mass, 1TCHAIKOVSKY: Symphony No. $1.98 4 -Scherchen. Napoleon's Last Days -ST. Ind Music -LALANDE: Two Great Motets HELENASTORY,byDameMabel oup. Fremaux cond, Leclairens. Brookes. Amazingly candid, red Clavier, MOZART: Divertimento forhaoortraingyed nid, e mus. Strings K. 563 -Poghet,Riddle, human portrait based on hitherto red Clavier, do mentundisclosed dia ries and emus. MOZART: Divertimento No. 17 documents of the author's family red Clavier, Poughet, Riddle, Pint. last years, illness and death. mus. COUPERIN: Leconsde Tenebres Pub. at $5.00. Sale $1.99d red Clavier, Cuenod. AMERICAN MURDER emus. PERGOLESI: Concertos Nos. 1, BALLADS and Their Stories, by red Cavier, -riki. tthewPassion-0. W. Burt. A definitive collection 4 -Demus. V. A. Kammerchor. of words, music and tales of tas #1 and #3 .Atribulation -likely to become HAYDN: Quartets, Opus 103; a classic in American folklore. gan Works, dpus #5; Trios, Opus 53 AmaPub. at $5.50. Sale $1.98 HAYDN: Piano Trios Nos. 1, 28 MULL ENRS G ERMAN reensleeves; 30 -Gournier, Janigro, BaduraENGLISH, ENGLSH-GER 0M0A0 Adrian Boult. Skoda. D IC TI ON A RY. over 2,0 riphony #1 & Ba. entries in this handy, practical phn 1& BAC:* Three Cello Sonatas -reference work that includes Inphony #2 & Janigro, Veyron-Lacroix. ernational phonetic BACH: Brandenburg Concertos )ronunciation within its 600 comsichord Son#1, 3, 6 -Redel. pact pages. A $5.00 value. Sale ITALIAN AND SPANSH SONGS $1.98 Rhap. on OF 16th&l7thCENTURY -Cuenod. THE ASTONISHED MUSE, by Zak, KonGEIRSHWIN: Concerto; AmeriS. M. L. Barlow, A masterful te Orchestra. can in Pars. Abravanel cond. Utah interpretation othe relationship lo Sonatas #1, Symphony Orchestra. between the creative artist, his BACH: 2 and 3 Part Inventions work and the great epochs of Phonies #5 & Veyron -Lacroix, human liberation. "Brilliant" -CANTORIAL GEMS -Cantor Bernard Berenson. Pub. at $5.00. Sonatas # 2 Katz. Sale $1.98 BACH: Cantatas Nos. 89, 174, WHO KILLED SOCIETY?, by Satas, Vol. I and 189 -RedeL Cleveland Amory, America's DOWLAND: Ayres for Four wittiest social historian. DevasI & Harp ConVoices, Vol. 3 Field-Hyde Golden tatingly f r a nk and hilarious ivet. Age Singers. portrait of Celebrity,Aristocracy issa Papae DOWLAND: Ayres for Four and 'Publi-ciety"from Plymouth Adademie Voices, VOL 4 Feld-Hyde Golden Rock to Bobo Rockefeller-and Age Singers. beyond. Over 125 photos. 600 pp. phony -Sir BRAHM: Piano Quartet No. 1, Pub. at $6.50. Sale $1.98 Opus 25 -Demus. IN THE DAYS OF McKINLEY, uotes #4, 5, MOTETS FOR CHRSTMAS AND by Margaret Leech. Immensely EASTER absorbing, dramatic biography Os. 32 & 152 CANTORIAL GEMS, VOL. 2 -of our 25th President,set against Cantor Shoom Katz. the background of the Spanish"Trauer -PACIELBEL: Chorale Paritae American War, Willam Jennings Owen, orgaa. Bryan, Mark Danns, re-election s Vol. 2 -BECOGLL: Oboe Concerto IMd assassination. 666 pages, 32 VIYALD: Flate Cons. Pieret ee of photographs. $7.50.Sale Trios, Op. ValglaMk, ogne, Psiard. $L uchet, Pini,. SCHUBERT: Piano Son., Opus .Fodor'si GUIDE TO THE 143 and Op. Posh. -Demas. CARIBBEAN, Bahamas and Bermuda. Excellent handbook with 256pages of maps, 12 city plans, 56 photographs. Complete data, from transportation native customs. 658 pp. 1961 edition. Pub. at $5.95. Sale $1.98 A CIVIL WAR ARTIST AT THE FRONT: Edwin Forbes' Life Studies of the Great Army. Ed. by W. F. Dawson. 41 full pages of magnificent etchingsdepict the day-to-day life of the enlisted man of the Union Army-with a toughness, sensitivity and artistry rarely equaled. The beautifully reproduced etchings, the artist's captions, and the editor's detailed explanations make this an amazingly intimate and graphic record of the Civil War as it was really fought. Pub. at $6.50. Sale $1.98 Fodor's JET AGE GUIDE TO EUROPE. The best one-volume guide available. Complete coverage of all Europe, detailed information on hotels, restaurants, sightseeing, shops entertainment, etc. Scores of illustrations and city maps. 1961 edition. Pub. at $5.95. Sale $1.98 NEW ORLEANS, by Oliver Evans. From fabled gardens to honky-tonks of Basin Street -a vivid and exciting portrait of New Orleans, replete with anecdotes of past and present. Illus. Pub. at $5.00. Sale $1.98 REMBRANDT AND SPINOZA, by L. Balet. A new and penetrating insight into Spinoza's life and philosophy, Rembrandt's art and attitudes, and the possible relationship between the geometrical patterns of the painter's compositions and the mos geometricus of Spinoza's Ethics. Illus. Pub. at $4.50. Sale $1.98 DICTIONARY OF MODERN CHESS, by B. J. Horton. Nearly 1,000 entries -terms, diagrams, masters, great games, etc. Must for chess players, beginners and pros alike. Pub. at $6.00. Sale $1.98 Early West -WILLIAM BOLLAERT'S TEXAS: 1842-1844, ed. by W. E. Hollan. Here is lusty, brawling Texas during those exciting years preceding its annexation, seen through the perceptive eyes of an English adventurer who lovingly observed its wild frontier, untamed towns and populace. Ius. Pub. at $5.00. Sale $1.98 PRINCE NAPOLEON IN AMERICA, 1861, by Camille Ferri-Pisani. Fwd. by Bruce Catton. A rare picture of the seething U. S. during the Civil War as seen by Prince Napoleon and reported through the letters of his aide-de-camp. Pub. at $6.75. Sale $1.98 COPY OF HARVARD, by J. Donald Adams. The warm life story of one of America's greatest teachers and a history of literary Harvard in the mainstream of American literature. Rich insights into his famous students -Helen Keller, T. S. Eliot, Aiken, Broun, Benchley, Dos Passos and hundreds more. Blus. Pub. at $5.00. Sale $1.98 FREDERICK THE GREAT, by Ludwig Reiners. Unequalledportrait of the 18th century's most enigmatic ruler--the "Enlightened Despot" who admired Voltaire but hated liberty. Pub. at $4.50. Sale $1.98 CONCEE DICTIONARY OF THE AMERICAN LANGUAGEby A. Waldhorn. Here is the book that tells where our "Americanisms" come from. For all who work with words. Pub. at $4.50. Sale $1.98 THE EARLY INHABITANTS OF THE AMERICAS, by H. E. Stafford. Massive history of the Aztec, Incan, Mayan and North American Indian civilizations based on neglected ancient records and highly original theories. Pub. at $6.50. Sale $1.98 PART OF A LONG STORY: Eugene O'Neill as a Young Man in Love, by Agnes Boulton. The great playwright's first wife recalls years of obscurity in Greenwich Village and Provincetown, during which O'Neill completed some of his greatest dramas. Pub. at $4.50. Sale$1.98 Alan Villiers' SONS OF SINBAD. Spellbinding narrative of a year's adventures sailing on a big deep-sea ,dhow," from Kuwait to Zanzibar and back. SAVE UP 10 60% ON RECORDS YOUR FAVORITE COMPOSERS HAYDN MOZART BEETHOVEN BACH CHOPI N HANDEL BERLIOZ TCHAIKOVSKY SCHUBERT BARTOK VIVALDI PROKOFIEV -MOST BRILLIA NT WORKS Westminster Vox Vox Boxes Monitor Were "PW >< IIv j Schwann Cat. Schwann Schwann Schwann List Cot. Cot. List Ct. p $19 P2" E$59 $2 PER 12"1 LP JPER 12" L4j PER SET PER 12" LP of312"1p's beauti fully boxed,inc. I_____ilkrtto I____ OUTSTANDING ARTISTS -CONDUCTORS BADURA-SKODA RODZINSKI PERLEA SCHERCHEN OISTRAKH KLEMPERER BOULT RICHTER H ORE NSTE I N GILELS KOGAN MORALT .AND MANYMORI I A Introductions to and synopses of such masterpieces of world lit .erature as the Bible, '"Hamlet" "'Treasure Island," Plutarch's Lives," 'The Scarlet Letter," "David Copperfield," ''Lum Miserables." "Don Quixote" ad 52 more great books. 461 X6 Pub. at $3.95. Sale $1.96 THE THIN) R41E-Gertrudb Stein &aHer World, by Jab Malcolm Briin. A warm ad ksow~eISMportrait of MiEm Stein from Hi e to the fn yeas s oFroce.M Blue. Pi.d $6.00. Sale $.06 Eid&my Mre visiting exotic ports, and livi according to Arab customs. B the great sailor of fortune whose sagas of the sea have entrance millions of readers. Over 5 unusual photos. Pub. at $6.0 Sale $1.98 ROAD TO MANASSAS, by R, H. Beattie, Jr. Absorbing, detailed narrative of the strategy) tactics, leading personalities am basic inadequacies of the Unics forces, from the fall of Fo Sumter on April 14th to the en of the first Battle of Bull Ru on July 21st, 1861. Based as personal accounts, regiment histories, and manuscri sources, this is an impqrtad contribution to Civil War literature. Illus. Pub. at $3.95. Sals $1.98 Barbara W. Tuchman-THE ZIMMERMAN TELEGRAM. Engrossing, thoroughly documented narrative of the secret diplomacy international politics and espionage of January, 1917--ad the famous intercepted messaw which triggered America's entr into World War I. By the celebrated author of "The Guns of August." Pub. at $3.95. Sale $1.98 The Life of JOHN MIDDLETC MURRY, by F. A. Lea. FN dress biography, by a close fried and fellow author, of the brillisit critic, prophet and pacifist, husband of Katherine Mansfiel4 intimate of D. H. Lawrencewhose literary, social and political writings profoundly influenced world literature from W. W. I until his death In 1957. Pub. at $6.50. Sale $1.98 SEAMANSHIP -A Guide 68 Its Principles and Pleasures, by Norris D. Hoyt. Practical guide to the basic theories and techniques of cruising and racing under sail or power. Everything the sailor needs to know--from splices, boat handling anddocking to racing, piloting and heavy weather seamanship. Over 65 drawings, diagrams and maps. Pub. 't $4.00. Sale $1.98 SCIENCE, PROPHECY AND PREDICTION, by R. Lewinsoha. Fascinating history, theory and practice of divination, astrology, parapsychology and every other mode of foretelling the future --from Delphic Oracles to I.B.M. machines. 49 illus. Pub. at $4.95. Sale $1.98 THE CRITICAL READER, ed by Douglas. Lamson and qmit. Over 770 pages of the world's greatest poems, stories and essays with critical suggestions designed to stimulate good writing as well as careful reading. Every important writer from Shakespeare to Thurber is amply represented. Pub. st $.00. Sale $1.98 Nobel Prize W inn er SALVATORE QUASIMOD SELECTED WRITIGS, ad. ad trans. by Allen Mandelbaum.Mot of the poetry and two essays, 'Discourse' on Poetry" a&M "Dante," in the only authorized English translation. Pub. at $5.00. Sale $1.98 WILD OCEAN--The North Atlantic, by Alan Villiers. Explorers, Pirates,WhalersSlaven privateers--all sailed this turbulent hghrod to the farflung oceans and seas. Here is the fascinating history of seafaring adventures from the ancient Phoenicians and Vikings, throuk Columnbus, Cook, Mages Drake-to today's sailing masters. Pub. at $5.00. Sale MUCH LOVED BOOKS:60 Bedt Sellers of the Ages, by James O'D. Bennett. Brilliant brief 

PAGE 8

Page 8 The Florida Alligator, NIH Grant Given UF A $250,000 grant has been awarded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to Dr. M.K. Corbett and Dr. W. C. Price of the UF plant virus laboratory to continue research aimed at determining the nature of plant viruses. HEELS put on in 5 minutes SOLES put on in 15 minutes MODERN SHOE IfEPAIR SHOP across from 1st national ba~nk Last in a -Serie s UF Budget Is Li'ke Subway ALL SET TO SING .Sunday at 3 p.m. in the "King David" Qratc left, Beverly Wolff and Doris Yarick. The program be in the Florida Gymnasium. trio a )m w EXTRA SPECIAL ATTRACTION! Hollywood starlet Lael Jackson will meet and greet you at the New State Theatre, 7:00 p.m., and at the Gainesville Drive-in at 9:30 p.m. WORLD PREMIEREII STARTS TODAYir.e64wj By PAT WILKINSON Staff Writer 'UF students who have never seen the New York subways need only to view the staircases and hallways of some UF buildings while classes are changing, according to Dean Ire, R obert B. Mautz of Academic Vi Affairs. The New York subways at rush hour are no worse," Mautz, said. The UF new-building program is lagging 10 years behind UF needs, he said. Even if the $32 million UF request for new buildings is granted by the state legislature in the 1963-65 biennium only present needs would be fulfilled, Mautz added. Mautz hopes the State Budget Commisssion will recommendthat the full amount be granted by the state legislature. "The UF can't wait and hope that President Kennedy's neweducation bill, which includes federal aid for building new classrooms, will be successful. The funds must be appropriated now," Mautz said. "During the past 20 years the UF has never been able to meet current demands," Mautz said. TO Se M Si N. M Ft is Di Cc w hi fo of cr re w of ve pr Ai in K a or in R c G Gi si Tf 10 Tt an Be Dr Cc co co More than 20 per centofcampus buildings were built of frame c o n s t r u c t i o n and declared temporary some time ago. "Many of these have outlived their usefulness and should have be e n replaced earlier," Mautz said. Another critical area is the expansion of UF library facilities which presently meet the needs of 1958 student enrollment--3,000 fewer than today. Enrollment estimates for 1963-65 widen the gap to 5,000, Mautz said. '"It has been estimated that man's knowledge is presently doubling itself approximately every 10 years," Mautz said. "Th'e library must collect this wealth of information and make it available to UF students and faculty." The State Budget Commission is recommending the UF budget request for library expansion for the 1963-65 biennium be slashed almost $600,000. The UF is requesting $2,406,656. "If the UF is to be a quality i n s t i t u t i o n and a center for graduate work and active research the UF library must be adequately supported," Mautz said. STARTS TOMORROW .WHICH IS THE DOLL FOR DADDLOR MAroil 8 n~kr( ts COLOR X Glenn Shirle STELLA STEVENSDINA MERR 0 Rb.E 'SHERW00D,.RONYHWR FORD-JO ES .A-L.A ST T1M5ES TO DAYA cademy Awards WALT DISNEY'S April 8 -ABC TV 'SON OfFLFUJ3SEW'! WUFT Highlights )NIGHT 5:45 p.m. American Economy -Policy problems involved in calling a strike. 9:30 a.m. New Horizons -6:15 Channel Five News -venth grade science taught by Exclusive coverage of local news, ichaal Dechman. weather and sports. 10 Science ArcPund You -6:30 Operation Alphabet -xth grade science taught by Mrs. Tutoring in readingand writing E. Bingham. skills on the adult level. 10:45 VisitingSpanishNeighbors 7 What's New -Murl Deusing Fifth grade Spanish taught by and children hunt for wildlife in rs. Rosa Rabell. the wild northwoods. 11:15 Let's Speak Spanish -7:30 This Week -Local fourth grade conversationalSpanactivities talked about by guests h. from surrounding communities. 11:30 High School Chemistry -7:45 Exposition -Talented r. John F. Baxter. guests and unusual activities 12:05 Americanism v s. in North Central Florida. communism. 8 Agriviews -From the world 5:45 p.m. AmericanEconomy -of agriculture, things of general hat happens at the collective interest to all. &rgaining table. 8:30 Parents and Lur. Spock -6:15 Channel Five News -What to do about the development exclusive coverage of local news, of competition, criticism and weather and sports. fighting in children. 6:3b World of Numbers and 9 Computers And The Mind orms -Arithmetic principles Of Man -Electronic "brain" r fourth grade. experts discuss the question of 7. What's New -The story whether machines will ever run George Washington's famous men. ossing of the Delaware and the 9:30 Time For Living -The sulting American victory in the advantages and disadvantages of ar for Independence. self-employment and suggestions 7:30 Sports Almanac -A of services that could be the basis ose-up look at the exciting sport for setting up a small business. 'sky diving. 7:45 Florida Blue Key Presents FRIDAY -An introspective look at Uniersity of Florida students past, 10:45 World Of Numbers And resent and future. Forms -Principles of arithmetic 8 Turn of the Century -for fourth graders. n interesting look at the recording 11:30 High School Chemistry -dustry in its early days. Dr. John F. Baxter. 8:30 The House We Live In -12:05 Americanism vs. Comenneth Rexroth, poet critic, munism. Comparison and contrast author andjpairel i,,cs his views of the two systems of government. n how to adjust man to the world 5:45 American Economy -which he lives. Labor and labor organizations. 9 Glenn Gould: On The Record 6:15 Channel 5 News -Com-A recording session atColumbia plete local news, weather and ecords in New York reveals the sports. r e a t i v e side of pianist Glenn 6:30 Visiting Spanish Neighbors ould. -Fifth grade Spanish. 9:30 Tropical Gardner -7 What's New -Children rowth and uses of small flowering demonstrate stalking deer.and a hrubs. moosE. RURSDAY 7:30 Medical Shows -Peg Lynch and Allen Bunch(TV'sEthel :45 a.m. Operation Alphabet -and Albert ) demonstrate child tutoring in the skills of reading safety in a film called "Safe At d writing on the adult level. Home." 8 The Age of Overkill -Max 11:15 Elementary Spanish -Lerner describes the delicate beginning Spanish for third grade. balance of terror that might lead 11:30 High School Chemistry -to war. r. John F. Baxter. 8:30 45 Years With Fitzpatrick -A review of Daniel Fitzpatrick's 12:05 Americanism VS. Cartoons during the New Deal. Communism -A comparison and 9 An Age Of Kings -Acts ntrast between the world's major 1 and 2 of Shakespeare's Henry impeting ideologies. IV, Part I. SORRY, NO PASSES ADMISSION -$1.00 What Kind of HYGIENE THEY WOULDN'T D A R E MAKE A MOTION PICTURE ABOUT HAT '*1 .. byueMiss BABY BAILEY I HE ROLM SHE WAS UNITED SCREEN ASSOCIATES LTD. DESTINED TO PLAY introducing TONEY NAYLOR JOSEPH LINCOLN Box Office Opens The New STATE t 7:00 p.m. Gainesville Drive-l. Theatre at Both Theatres 2400 Hawthorne Rd., Rt., 20 I 

PAGE 9

The Florida Alligator Wednesday, Apri 1963 Page 9 Filis Present a Festive Fete, Feast By JESS MARKHAM Staff Writer Aital college Sd university' fraternity weekends usually are festi e otastonsof high spirtis and good times and the UF Phi Ganimta Delta fraternity I nan Satrday tight, was io different aCCordit' to Fiji tonse ianaet' Bill Grant of West Palm Beach. The Luau is the highlight of Fiji chapter weekends all over the L sted States and Canada,'' Giant said. 'we went to great lengths to leid as tilth of an air a01authetticity to the sutroundings as poss itle. Architectuie junior Bill Nfgto designed the outside decorations at tiie house. Coustiriction consisted of a waterfall, streant and fisttpoitd s itt t a iatit e hut-bridge" over the streatit. Palm stuips decorated with faces and symbols were itiorporated ito tie oieirall design to depict a native ceirentonial Lodge. All tie firimture was removed firomt the first floor and the entire area was covered with palm fronds ott the walls, floors a.1d ceilings. Simulated sculpture casts and asks also were used. -invitations, consisting of decorated bones containing scroll invitations, wiere delivered to Fiji dates in dtor itues and houses hi pledges diessed in grass skirts and adorned by native coloring. Everythiii at the house was designed by Nigroand built by brothers tand pledges. Forays to farmtits, sawiills and wooded ateas of Alachua comity produced the needed ingredietits. amiboo. cypress, palm titinks, fronds and rocks were liberated friotii uselessness and ftranspot ted to the house by foragig tijis. Festivities tegai at 5:30 p.i. Saturiday and lasted util I a.m. Lava lavas, sarongs, mi tMius attd hula skirts weire the costumes of the day. .of work wont into decorating the Phi Gam house. SOUTH SEA BALLADS .and twist music are fine to dance by. The one lotion that's cool, exciting -brisk asanoceanbreezel The one-and-C0 J Spoe eus rate. g es you that greatto-beative feetng.refre:hes after ever shade. adds to your a ourance. .O& 6o and wins fer n ne approval every t me. Old Sp e After Shave Lotion, 1.25 and 2.00 plu, tax. H U LTO N -the shave lotion men recommend to other men! 

PAGE 10

Page 10 The Florida Alligator Wednesday, April 3, 1963 He's Seeking the Past By PETE HATHAWAY Staff Writer While scientists are pushing to catch the space age, at least one UF professor will be searching for the Stone Age. Associate professor William C. Massey of the Anthropology Department will head an expedition, leaving May 1, to search for implements and weapons of an Indian civilization believed to have existed almost 100 centuries ago. The expedition, which will take 12 months, will explore Lower California, a peninsula in Mexico between the Pacific and the Gulf of California. Past trips Massey has been on in Southern California, Nevada and Arizona have uncovered remnants of the Pinto-Gypsum Culture estimated to be 8,000-10,000 years old. "The discoveries, which were made in Pinto Basin, Calif. and Gypsum Cave, Nev. were dated by t he carbon-14 method, a s c i e n t i f i c process which can m e a s u r e the age of fossils," Massey said. The expedition will attempt to prove that the Indians in Lower California came from the PintoGypsum Culture. 'iMy guess is that these Indians became trapped in a blind alley when they pushed southward along the peninsula, which is all desert at the southern tip," Massey said. The Indians are believed to be among the first inhabitants of North ,America and survivors on the peninsula until the arrival of the Spanish in the sixteenth century, Massey said. Discoveries made by Massey will be placed in a museum in La Paz, the capital of the southern district of the peninsula. DODGING WATER SPRINKLERS .is a "sport" known to most UF students. SprinklersNotOut To Get Anyone BUSINESS FRATERNITY HONOREE ...tapped into Beta Gamma Sigma, national business honorary, recently was coed Sally Cornelius of Miami. Miss Cornelius is congratulated by Robert Harper, campus chapter president from Kissimmee; J. J. Daniel, former Board of Control chairman from Jacksonville, and UF Pres. J. Wayne Reitz. .t. ..I NOTICE APPLICATIONS ARE NOW BEING ACCEPTED FOR PUBLICATIONS BUSINESS MANAGER for the Fall and Winier Irimesters, 1963-64 APPLICATION BLANKS MAY BE OBTAINED AT THE STUDENT PUBLICATIONS CENTRAL BUSINESS OFFICE, ROOM 14, FLORIDA UNION, UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE. By BOB THOMAS Staff Writer ''we're not out to get anybody, but sometimes accidents happen," says UF Grounds Superintendent N. R. Lake. Lake is referring to the corps of mad mechanical monsters alias sprinkler systems -which spring from the earth during hot spring days to drench unsuspecting students in a rain of aquatic vituperations. Lake claims his watering crew of five men are under specific instructions for the ''dry-passing" of students. The instructions include being in sight of each sprinkler in their circuit, roiling According to Lake, contraiy to a damp public's opinion, the sprinkler crew is void of any "c rue 1, calculating individuals plotting to aim their machines' wrath at passing victimes." "The trouble is," he said, "'we have such a big turnover in ground crew employment that many of the men are just learningto operate up all car windows and not turning on the sprinklers during class changes. the sprinklers." If a water tower couldbe installed in the Century Tower and connected to the 500 gallon pump now in the basement of the tower, an automatic night sprinkling system could be installed, Lake said. Until then students must continue attempting to outguess the aquatic monsters Lake said. Senior Wins Russell W. Carpenter, a senior in business administration from St. Petersburg, has been awarded the Wall Street Journal's annual achievement award. Given each year to the graduating student who maintains the highest grade average at the UF infinance courses, the award was presented last night at a Finance Association Meeting. #1%e 

PAGE 11

The Florida Alligator Wednesday, April 3, 1963 Page 11 Ron Creese's Single Downs Paladins, 2-1 .4 k o MIAMI HURRICANE .tennis ace Rod Mandelstam slams a ball netward in preparation for the state collegiate tournament in Cape Coral later this month. State's Top Netter Should Be Decided CAPE CORAL (Special) -Who is Florida's number one collegiate tennis player? The answer to that question--and which '"racquet squad"'Is the state's top power--will be forthcoming at the first annual Florida Intercollegiate Tennis Championships, April 26-28, at Cape Coral. At least six players, representing four schools, are in contention for the singles title. Three netters from the Universityof Miami -team that opened the season with 106 consecutive victories -must be given strong consideration: Rod Mandelstam, John Hammill and John Karabasz. BILL TYM, returning to the University of Florida after a y e a rI' s absence, is currently ranked among the top five in the state. Florida State University's entry in the singles race is a 25-yearold player from South Africa, Lex Wood. Coach Eddie Cubbon labels Wood "the best we've ever had at FSU.,, John Lawrence, first year performer at Rollins, is called by Coach Norm Copeland one of the finest prospects ever to enter the school. Despite this example of tennis proficiency, the University of Miami has the best chance of bringing home top singles honors. MANDELSTAM, rated first in the latest Florida Lawn Tennis Association rankings, and Hammill ranked second, give Coach Dale Lewis excellent representation. Should they meet in the finals-and Indications are good that the talented twosome will be seeded at opposite ends of the championship draw--tennis enthusiasts who have wondered just when the Hurricanes will be defeated will have their answer. Rounding out the schools competing for singles, doubles and' overall team honors at C ape Coral are Florida Southern College and Florida Presbyterian. The three-day event, sanctioned by the United States Lawn Tennis Association, will be a single .contest, PHOENIX, Ariz. (UPI) -Will the self-assuredSan FranciscoGiants hang on to the National League pennant or finish the season on their sliding pads? "It's between us and the Los Angeles Dodgers," murmurs Willie McCovey, turning on his warm smile in the sun. But further up the line in the board of strategy is manager Alvin Dark, who remains as pokerfaced as your favorite western hero. "I DON'T KNOW what we will do," Dark says "But I do know that this is the same club that won last year .Our strongest point is that we are balanced and know each other better. ,There is no over-confidence around here," the manager continues, "We have to start another season and we know that the National League will be gunning for us just as it gunned for the Dodgers last year." One major and one minor deal featuredathe club's off-season trading Pitchers Stu Miller and Mike McCormick were traded to Baltimore along with catcher John Orsino .In exchange, the Giants got hurlers Jack Fischer 7-9 and left-hander Billy Hoeft 4-8 plus catcher Jim Coker. DARK HOPES that the exAmerican leaguers can find a new life with the Giants as did southpaws Bill O'Dell and Billy Pierce O'Dell, who was with Baltimore four years ago, posted a 19-14 mark last season Pierce, long a landmark with the Chicago White Sox, recorded a 16-6 record and never lost a game in gusty Candlestick Park where he achieved 12 victories. But there are some doubts about Hoeft, who sustained an injured shoulder when he fell about three weeks ago and thay not be able to pitch until May. In another deal, the Giants regained Joe Amalfitano fr o m Houston for left-banded pitcher Dick Lemay and onifielder Mamsel Mota. BY MARTY STONE Staff Writer A line drive single off the bat of Ron Creese in the tenth inning drove in the winning run for the Florida Gator baseball team as they beat the Furman Paladins 2-1 yesterday at Perry Field. The game was a pitcher's duel from the first inning. Gator pitcher Charlie Anderson went the full ten innings, allowing only six hits. He retired the first 11 men he faced, but his bid for a no-hitter went out the window when Phil King and Sam Pickens singled in the fourth inning. Anderson struck out seven and did not walk a man. R A L P H HARWOOD, t h e Paladin's losing pitcher, also went the distance. He allowed seven hits, while striking out five and walking seven. His bid for a no-hitter was also broken up in the fourth inning when Gator leftfielder Earl Montgomery singled. The Paladins scored their lone run in the top of the ninth inning. Third baseman King led off with a double to deep right field. He went to third on a ground out by Pickens. Pickens then broke for home, and Gator pitcher Anderson made a wild pitch allowing Pickens to score. The Gators came back in the bottom of the ninth, scoring one run to tie up the game. Pinchhitter Jim Elliott, batting for Montgomery, lined a single to lead The entire r e g ulIa r squad is back from the 1962 season that saw San. Francisco beat Los Angeles in a playoff for the pennant, then narrowly lose the World Serises to the New York Yankees in the seventh game. WILLIE MAYS, collecting more than $100,000 this season, returns to center field where Dark thinks that he will enjoy "four or five more fine seasons." It will be McCovey or righthanded hitting Harvey Kuenn in left field, and Felipe Alou -whose clutch hits kept the Giants inbusiness during September -in right. Orlando Cepeda, who should be a 350 hitter according to Dark's "plus and minus" ratings, is back at first base with a 306 average for 1962 plus a token raise of $1,000 that ended his annual holdout. Chuck Hiller, the first National Leaguer to hit a grand slam in a World Series, will patrol second base again with Jose Pagan at shortstop and Jim Daveport at third. The pitching staff, a headache until last year, features Jack Sanford 24-7 and Juan Marichal 1811 as the key right-handed starters along with southpaws O'Dell and Pierce. BIG DON LARSEN 5-4 sparkled in relief last year and Hoeft -if he recovers -would be paired with him as a left-handed fireman. Dark looks to Fischer as -another starter or spot man. The catching is the same with Tom Hailler and Ed Bailey plus Coker Dark would like to retain Coker and go with three backstops as he rates the former Oriole ''a good kid and a fighter" Where are the Giants week? "We have weaknesses just like any other club, but I prefer todiscuss our strong points," says Dark, who has turnedanore conservative than ever. off the inning. After Tom Moore flied out, Carol Lanoux singled, pushing Elliott to third. Elliot then scored on a single by Jack Kenworthy. ED BRADDY was intentionally walked to load the bases. Dave Porter, batting for Bernie Haskins, struck out and Anderson hit 4 long fly that was caught to end the inning. In the bottom of the tenth, Randy Morcroft singled and stole second base. He went to third on a ground. out by Elliot. Harwood then intentionally walked Moore and Lanoux. At this pointCreese made his game winning hit. Asked if he knew it was a hit when he connected, Creese answered ,1"I was too scared to watch. I only hoped the center.~ fielder was playing deep." N\ 1"WINNING THIS game shows the advantages of having a good bench," remarkedheadcoachDave Fuller. The Gators overall baseball record is now 11-2. Florida's next game is against Auburn Friday at 3 p.m. at Perry Field. Auburn is currently the baseballleader in theSoutheasternConference with a 4-0 league mark. State Investigator Says Wally Did It ATLANTA (UPI) -Attorney General Eugene Cook said Tuesday that former University of Georgia athletic director Wallace Butts divulged vital team secrets and was in contact with kpown gamblers prior to the 1962 Georgia-Alabama football game. In a report on a two-week investigation to Gov. Carl Sanders into an alleged Southeastern Conference football scandal, Cook disclosed that the one-time famous football mentor had amassed a net fortune of approximately $206,00. His salary was $16,000 a year. BUTTS' RESIGNATION from Georgia, where he had coached or directed athletics for 25 years, was summarily accepted Feb. 28, less than a month before a magazine article accused him of telep honing football information to Alabama coach Paul Bear Bryant just before the two teams clashed in Birmingham last Sept. 22. Bryant and Butts have denied exchanging information that could affect the outcome of the game. But Cook produced signed statements from six Georgia athletic staff members that the conversation, as reported, "conveyed vital and important informationthat could have affected the outcorhne" of the game. ALABAMA, FAVORED by 17 points, beat Georgia 35-0. Cook emphasized that no player on either team was involved in any way. Sanders told a news conference following his public release of Cook's report that there was in the investigation so far "nothing to indicate the violation of any criminal statute" by Butts. Cook said that during a closeddoor conference he had with Butts during his investigation, he was shown telephone company r,.s of calls made by Butts ''to persons known to be interested in gambling." A RUNDOWN of Butts' long distance calls, as released by Cook, showed he made 16 calls to Frank Scobey in Chicago, nine of them during September, 1962, and one from Birmingham on the day of the game. Scobey was a federal government witness in a 1959 gambling ring trial in Terre Haute, Ind. He listed his address as Chicago where he had lived for 15 years. He was a beer distributor for Better Brands of Illinois. He testified he made "several" telephone calls to Terre Haute based syndicate to place bets on football games and the horse races. He said he never made a bet lethan SL PROPANE OTTER THAN NATURAL GA Cook end Neet Water Low Cost FR 6-5110 2350 SW Archer Rd. Will Those G giants Repeat N.L. Titlee. te Rol DAVID~ I Us, I raxwcWHOW/TEXTMOM04b44BAO5 REGULARLY 9.96 STE R EO-w$ 0-40 REGULARLY 2.00 FLORIDA BOOK6 STORE 

PAGE 12

Page 12 The Florid Alligator Wednesday, April 3, 1963 Intramural A.wards Given Winners of intramural league crowns, good spOrts, officials, and outstanding intramural club members were feted last night at the annual Florida Intramural Barbeque in the banquet room of the Hub. FRATERNITY LEAGUE intramural winners, Sigma Nu in the Orange League and Phi Gamma Delta in the Blue League, were presented w i t h the coveted Jerry Livinc Double All By ERNIE LITZ Sports Writer "A swimmer's swimmer that's what he is!" said head UF swim coach Bill Harlan. He was referring to junior butterfly ace Jerry Livingston, who is the second Florida swimmer toever become two-event All-America in the same year, which puts him in the same class as Phil Drake who was a world's record holder here in1957. At the same time Livingston repeats a Florida All-America for the second consecutive year. LIVINGSTON HOLDS the Florida records in the 100 and 200-yard butterfly, and the SEC records for the same events. He also shares the records on the 400 yard medley relay and the 400 yard freestyle. At the NCAA nationals Livingston took sixth in the 200-yard butterfly and fifth in the 100-yard fly. "Jerry has what you might call -a real classic style,," Harlan H-ULL BRAKE SERVICE AND SUPPLY 1314 S.Main Fr 2-1497 itcomplete broke ser. Ce for all makes of American. and foreign cars &experienced, trained mechanics to serve you TIRES TUBES BATTERIES WHEEL BALANCING guaranteed 10,000 miles or one year a member, Independent Garage Owners of America, Inc. at Banquet President's Cup by student Independent League. director George Keep. Fletcher S received a trophy In the Men's Independent League for winning the Murphree Area the trophy wenttothe LatinAmeriLeague. Henderson Section took can Club. the honors in the Graham area, In the Sorority Leagues Delta Yocum -in the Hume area and Delta Delta received the trophy Weaver 2 in the Tolbert area. for Orange League play while Sportsmanship trophieswere Kappa Alpha Theta was honored then presented to the representafor winning the Blue League. tives of the teams that were judged GROVE HALL won the honors to best exemplify good in the Women's Off-Campus and sportsmanship. In the Orange fraternity League the award went to Sigma Alpha Epsilon, the Blue to nLeague award was won by Alpha Gamma Rho. In the independent League the Newman Club took the .:. sportsmanship trophy. -America FORTHEWOMN Zet Ta Alpha was awarded the sportscontinued, "it is one of the best manship cup in theOrange League, I've ever seen. Some of his times Phi Mu in the Blue League and aren't as beautiful as his style, North Rawlings in the Independent but he sure looks great in the League. water from the spectators point Trophies were then presented of view. to Dick Katz and Diane Pierpont "Jerry has great determination for being the most outstanding he's a real fighter in 'the water. Intramural officials ofathe year. Of course if you want* to win The last group of awards, given anythirsng yougo t 'toworknfor for the first time this year, were anything you've got to work for for outstanding service to an intramural club. They went to Bob Cordell of the Judo Club, Taeko Kumagai of the Women's Tennis Club, Mike Kessler of the Soccer LIVINGClub and Joe Edminsten of the STON Wrestling Club. it. SPEAKING OF THE team and its fortunes this past season especially in the nationals at Raleigh N.C. Livingston said, "I think we had a real great season. The point is that people don't realize how much we've improved. "Why our times this year would have put Green (Terry) and Farwell (Dick) and me in last year's nationals. Our medly relay would have won also. "Actually though, we made up lost time this past season, and I'm sure the team will make up more next year. "THE COMPETITION this year was really fantastic,"he continued "Why only one boy won two events. Usually you have one fellow take first in two or three events. This year a boy would win one event and finish third or fourth in another. Heck, the defending 100yard butterfly champ didn't even qualify this year. "There's no doubt that the competition gets tougher and tougher every year, but we're going to have to meet more and more tough competition if we're going to improve. FSU is usually the toughest competition on our schedule, but if we swam against schools like Ohio State, FSU would be a pushover." Final Standings ORANGE LEAGUE Sigma Nu. ...879 Phi Kappa Tau. ......815 Tau Epsilon Phi. ......745 Sigma Alpha Epsilon.710 Phi Delta Theta. .695 Sigma Chi. ....669 Alpha Tau Omega. .....641 Kappa Sigma. ...618 Alpha Epsilon Pt .600 Pi Lambda Phi. ......558 Beta Theta Pi. .......548 Sigma Phi Epsilon. .....527 Delta Tau Delta. ......507 Pi Kappa Alpha. ......500 Kappa Alpha. ........480 Theta Chi. ..370 BLUE LEAGUE Phi Gamma Delta. .....856 Delta Upsilon. .......846 Pi Kappa Phi. ........838 Chi Phi. ..*.799 Delta Chi. .......678 Tau Kappa Epsilon. .650 Alpha Gamma Rho. .609 Lambda Chi Alpna. .....579 Delta Sigma Phi. ......506 Phi Epsilon Pi. .......420 Tulane Wins Sailing Meet The Tulane Sailing Club won the Southeastern Inter-Collegiate Sailing Association (SEISA) Dinghy Championship held on Lake Wauberg Saturday. Although the UF Sailing Club won the first four races, they were unable to hold the lead. Tulane consistantly placed although they won only two races. The final scores were Tulane 40, UF 38, Florida Presbyterian 32 and Spring Hill College 25. Saturday's winds were almost ideal with the velocity ranging from 15 to 20 miles per hour from the n o r t h -e s t. Surprisingly there were io capsizals or damage to the boats due to the gusty winds. Pepper Constable, who sailed in the A division for the Gator team, won the high point skipper award in that division with 20 points while Paul Baroco from Tulnm won the B division honors with 22 points and also high point skipper award. The UF B division team won second place in that division and was saied by Walt Harris with (1st, 43a & 3rd) aM Roger Straub with a single first place. GATOR NETMAN .Fred Shaya paces the Florida tennis team to its win over Amherst College in yesterday's match at the varSity Courts. Florida Courtmen Bop Lord Jeffs BY ERIC JONAS team of Cousens and Staff Writer 3-6,'6-3,'7-5. The Gator tennis team, led by coming on strong afte No. I seeded Bill Tym, trounced first' set 4-6. Agnew p the Lord Jeffs of.Amherst College middle set, 7-5 and b 8-1 on the varsity courts one easily, 6-1. yesterday.Plyn No6 a Tym, who returned to the UF Playing No. 6 Da this year after spending last year Williams easily 6-4, 6 in the service, defeated the Jeffs The three doubles No. 1 man, Ken Cousens, 6-2, 6-1 and teamed with Jerry Pfeiffer to defeat Amherst's No. I doubles Match Today The UF tennis team takes on Hope College's netters this afternoon at 2:30 on the Varsity Courts, west of the drill field. Pfeiffer, playing No. I singles, clean sweep, winning suffered the Gator's only defeat, matches as the Lord bowing to Levine 6-4, 6-2. able to win only two se Fred Shaya the No. 3 singles Tym and Pfeiffer man, made easy work of the Jeffs' Cousens and Levine Tom Poor as Poor was able to doubles match as: win only one game, losing 6-1, Bobby Dodd defeated 6-0. Ron Rebhuhn, No. 4 singles number two doubles pt slipped by -Bob Guthrie, after John -Ransmeier 3-( dropping the second set, 6-4, 1-6, Shaya and Losman co 6-1. sweep defeating Pete: Bob Agnew won the No. 5 match and Bob Guthrte 6-0, 6 Jack Levine er losing the ulled out the ook the final n Losman, 'feating J.R. -1. eam made a E BHUH N g all three Jeffs were ts. defeated in the No. 1 Rebhuhn and d the Jeffs air, Poor and 6, 6-1, 6-3. mpleted the r Kleinman 6-4. No BABY 3MUMsacos UNITW SCRM NM STATE Theatre &Goainesville [hive-in 
