
PAGE 5

SiBryt Bill Termed "inadequate By LOU FERRIS Gator Staff Writer wo UF political scientists have tarrned Gov. Farris Bryant's reapportionment bill "inadeq u a t e and-, unrepresentative. 'Dr. Manning Dauer, head of the political science department, said the bill, passed by the 1961 legislature, still does not give representation on the basis of population. "This bill gives a few more representatives to the larger coun.11800 Witness Fashion Show By PAT TUNSTALL Gator Assistant Editor An unprecedented crowd of 800 attended the General Dames Fashionshow Thursday, according toI co-chairmen Mrs. Peter Van Andel and Mrs. Bud Eubanks. The culmination of two-months vft-k, the fashion show wal held around the University Inn swiming pool. General Dames Pres. Mrs. H. F. Vandenburgh said the Fashion, Show was a sponsored project of the Law Dames. Fifty-five Dames members modeled 100 costumes. "We even recruited some husbands and some group outfits,'' said Mrs. Vandenburgh. Fashions ranged from sportswear through evening clothes, she I said. Models were selected from the Dames Clubs of each of the 13 upper division colleges, plus the! Univrsity College Dames. Proceeds from the show will be; used for the Easter Egg hunt orl the children of all married students. The Dmes timd also buys Thanksgiving and Christmas baskets for needy families in Gainesville. "We feel that this was certainly the largest crowd we've ever ties and makes counties share a said. -ironic justice wag rendered in a' head -on auto accident Thursday night. Raul E. Gandara Jr., a student, fell asleep at the wheel of' his 1956 Ford and crashed into two cars parked on W. University AVV' ,Qne of the cars was owned by, oseph Dabney Terry Jr., who was recently involved In an autopedestrian accident which hospitalized a UF coed recently. Gainesville police said Gandara was driving east in the 1800 block of W. University Ave., when he fell asleep, crossed the center line and hit a parked car. The impact knocked the car into another car. Police estimated the Terry's car at $1,000, at $500 and $50 to the damage of I I I Mother always U Ws~vour I I tapered shpe and your hopsacking look that get Me. a I 1 g =m gas q Ii /1' 1' II ,1 ) ~ // % 4, a I$ U I I I I 3 I I $ I r r NIX a w E1 Z a I' Anyone for ax throwing or logrolling? These two events along with eleven others will be on tap as the Forestry Club prepares to holds it's annual field day festivities Saturday at Austin Cary Me-! morial Forest. After Testing traditional skills in knife throwing, log chopping, cross-cut sawing, bow sawing, bait casting, chain throwing, along with ax throwing, logrolling, prizes will be awarded to the winner that evening at a banquet. Two weeks later at College Heights, Ark. the Southeastern Forestry Conclave will be held.i Winners of the field day events compete against winners from ten other colleges. Anyone may enter the field day events but only forestry students are eligible to go to the conclave. Host team will be Arkansas A&M. "Purpose for all this," explains club Pres. Gordon Spratt, "is to carry on the traditions of forestry. I the smaller senator," he Still Malapportioned Under Gov. Bryant's plan, approximately 1.3 million people will elect 34 senators. About 3.5 million people will elect only 11 senators. Approximately 2.6 mil-, lion people will elect 81 repre-i sentatives while about 2.4 million people will elect only 23 re-I presentatives. "The outcome is still that 15 per cent of the state's population elects the majority, of the legislature," Dauer said. The proposal provides 23 senatorial districts for the 23 most populous counties. "Twenty-two districts shall be created by the legislature from the remaining counties." There are 67 counties in the state. The bill also provides for nine' More representatives. Eight seats ;to go larger south Florida counities. There are presently 38 senate seats and 95 house seats. The increase would raise the numbers to 45 and 104 respectively. Best Possible 'The bill is the best they could pass at present, however, it is inadequate. But they had to put up some bill. The last two reapportionment bills were defeated by, D---:-the voters," Dauer said. * .rianning The reapportionment bill will j dur, Abhayadei appear on the ballot Nov. 6, 1962. Dr. Ernest Bartley, professor of political science, termed the Ex Iim bill "unrepresentati'ves." 4 "The bill improves only slightIf on the unrepresentative character of the legislature. It is still G o ld unrepresentative even though a, few more seats go to the larger! By PAT LI counties," Bartley said. Gator Staff W lags Tennessee He said Florida, percentageA "Help Prevent I wise, is behind Tennessee inidar hangs on the terms of the number of people! laundry next to the Who elect the legislature. which was destroyed Gandara's (Tennessee was recently repriweek. third car. manded by the U. S. Supreme The Klean-A-Mat Court for failing to reapportion adjoining the C.I. on the legislature since 1901. was not damaged by Bartley is pessimistic about cording to its owner, adequate population represeneaweaver. tation. "We had some smo "Politically, I think it is out Lineaweaver said as of the question to have adequate to the stained ceilin representation for years to "but there was nod come," he said. to the students's la ENTERTAINMENT COMES FROM THE LAND OF MT. EVEREST r entertainment for the Festival of Na tions banquet this Sunday from left are: Jack Bahav Gautan, Bill Lewin and Javaram Giri. All but Lewin are Nepalese students. igulshed I Internatlonal I Coast Block Booms Week Features ATE Fire Inspector David Laird said the Burger Houe, said the 'closn writer said yesterday that the complete ing of the College Inn might cutreport of the fire damage and! down the business on the Gold D walls'' ethe cause of the fire would prob-I Coast due to the drawing powerwall of the ably be announced on Friday. of the Inn." (Continued from Page ONE) College Inn, "tuual aesfv dy o by fire last k usuallyrtakes five d st e We didn't hire any CollegeI11 hsftake inventory and compile the e plocs', Woodbury said, "be, Other activities scheduled duric Laundry reports on such a fire," Laird' C, ause our employes decided to lIng the week will be a internathe east side said. work overlapping hours to help tional debate at 8 p.m. April the fire acA fire insurance inspector from serve during the additional rush '10 in the Law School auditorThomas LinJacksonville had been called in hour-.' um1 ; a Pan-Amedican concert on the case. and arrived Monday During the fire firemen fought presented by the Univers i t y ke damage,"' to help compile the reports, Laird: the blaze from the Catholic Stu-I s he pointed said. dent Center's roof. Symphonic Band at 6:45 p. g and walls, The C. I. Barber s h o jfon Dave Carosella, Newman C Wednesday, and Pan-American damage done the west side of the College Inn president, said that the firemen Day Friday. undry." had heavy smoke damage, but: ashed him to turn off the automaA owner Ed Lackev has set ) a ti fl di ,t n th f An International Talent Show W ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ co TV4ng **1 3-%& I sysU, bSem On Me r"0 01 temporary shop above the old I the resident section of the center.I Florida Book Store.-I The system is used to cool the4 "Some of shop's furnishings inJ'roof during the summer months.I cluding mirrors and benches The Catholic Student Center,I were damaged,' Lackey smaid. which was rebuilt less than two; Lackey said, "College Inn ownyears ago, was not damaged by .er, C. K. Hammon, told him that the fire. plans for the new C.L would include an area for him to set up Health Services' Dean a new barber shop." To Take 3-Week Tour The Gold Coast Restaurant located two doors east of the C.T. Dean Darrel J. Mase of the UF hired five former College Inn emCollege of Health Related Services ployees, said owner Clyatte Dees. has been selected to make a threeDees was former night manager :week tour of Sweden .and Denfor the College Inn until he purmark to study mental retardation chased the Gold Coast Restauprograms in those countries. rant last year. The restaurant! A member of Pres. Kennedy's was formerly Dave's Restaurant. Panel on Mental Retardat i o n, According to Dees, "Business is Mase will join four other membetter, but the crowds might bers of the Panel in the tour. slacken because the C.T offered The group left the United States more than food for the students." March 29, following a two-day orWilliam Woodbury, owner of ientation. "In the past lumberjacks would gather for relaxation and compete with one another in their various skills.I "What we endeavor to do is to' keep this spirit alive with our field day program." Alson included in the program will be a pole felling demonstra-I tion, stake driving for the facul-I ty, rolling .pin throwing for the ladies, and a tug-of-war between the juniors and seniors. Prizes for the events generally include Coleman stoves. hunting knives, axes, compasses. diameter tapes and general items of interest to the outdoorsman. Last year Florida hosted the Conclave at Camp Blanding. CLASSIFIED LOST: Gold pocket watch engraved front and back cover. Reward -Call FR 6-3751. 42-2t-C Page 5 featuring entertainment by AmCarol Popejoy. M i s s -Day, erican and foreign students will was sponsored bj Delta Sigma begin Saturday, April 14. at 8 p. Pi. professional business society mi., in the University Auditorium. instea( of Alpha Delta Pi somrity Admission is 50 cents. of which she is a member. The Alligator Welcomes. letters to the Editor Please sign all letters and limit them to 300 words Names will be withheld on request We reserve the right .to edit letters. .for space purposes 0 e' ~. --~j~flfl The Forida Affiget. Tuesday, April 3, 1962 chlAdren to model for the family had," said Mrs. Vain Andel. -,AsIeep' Driver Hits Auto Which Recently Hit Coed Log-Rolling Lumberjacks Prevail at Forestry Day m Key Sponsor Plan Requires 50 Volunteers UF Students Called On To Meet Responsibilities By PAN BISHOP Gator Staff Writer Fifty volunteers are needed to sponsor next semester's influx of Iforeignstudents: 30 are needed for those entering the UF this sme ner. To date, 42 students have applied. Regan Last Year The Foreign Students Sponsor Plan was initiated in 1961 by Mortar Board. Blue Key joined the progri'm in 1961 to provide sponsors for foreign male students. The plan wa, instituted to help foreign student% orient themselves to the Amer i e a a way of hfe and customs and to help theni feel at home at the UF. The befriending of a for. eign student does not begin and end with Orientation Week: the sponsor's job continues throughout the school year. Potential sponsors are -interviewed and assigned a foreign student, or they may ask for a student from a particular country. Special consideration ims given to ,personal interests, field of study, age and marital status of both students. Means Re possibility Emphasizing theneed for additional sponsors, progm coorinator Clay Parker said, "Every mature and responsible UF student, simply for being an American, has a responsibility to the ,foreign student. Without a sponsor. the average foreign student is forced to keep to himself." "He sometimes receives a dis. touted image of the Asnerican student and college. One friendly relationship can have a big, effeet when the foreign student returns to his country to work or govern." Applications for sponsor interviews are available in the Blue Key office, Room 314 of the Plorida Union, 1-5 p.m. daily. Inter. views will be held April 9-12. DSP Backs Miss B-Day c I I 

PAGE 6

4g 6 Two I Livingston And ,,McBride Gain P:Rank at Meet Steve McBride and Jerry Livbigston of the Gator swimming team will be named All -AmeriLans for their performances in Z4e NCAA Swimming and Div. ffig Championships held last weekend at the Ohio State Pool. -UF Coach Buddy Crone was -informed that any swimmers : who finished in the first 10 _places in the meet were assured -of being All-Americans. Living"ston finished sixth in the 100 yard butterfly and McBride placed eighth in low board divIng. McBride was also an AllAmerican last year. Livingston gave the UP team Its only point in the meet with bis.sixth. His time of 58.4 seconds ,as a new Gator varsity record. SLansing Price, the other UP liver at the meet, just missed setting into the semi-finals. In the lirst round of high board diving, 1e finished 17th, 1.1 point behind h.ie next diver. The first 16 divers went into the semi-finals. Four Seconds The medley relay team tWrned In a good time of 3:49.8 but Vras four seconds below making the emi -finals as records tumbled ih all events in the three bay meet. Host Ohio State won the meet with Southern California second. Favorite Indiana was forced to mine the meet, however, because its football team is on probation for recruiting violations. The 1nidaaa team had turned in times that would have won the meet had it been able to enter, Indiane had earlier won the Big POLLY ANN BEAUTY SHOP FR 6-3681 AN Types of Beauty Work Peluquera de hobla espanol 1011 W. Univ. Ave. JAMES INVITES HISF CUSTOMERS T LEE'S BAR 14 N. W. Are Yoi Eat HERE'S A FEW CA FR 6-4295 I Open Sloan, 0 Season Moore a on Sign 0 meiican Prep First By MIKE GORA ABigator Sports Editor The UF opened the basketball recruiting season Sunday morning at 1 a.m. when coach Norman Sloan and his assistant Perry Moore signed 6'11" Richard Peek of Pensacola to a UF grant in aid. Sloan and Moore got little sleep Sunday as they traveled to St. Petersburg for the signing of 6'9" Gary Keller of State AA champion Dixie Hollins. Keller signed at a banquet honoring the Dixie Hollins team held at the St. Petersburg Yacht Club Sunday evening. Both Peek and Keller were among the South's most sought after college cage prospects. Sunday morning the Parade Magazine had named Keller to their High School All-American 3rd team. Peek, had been approached by Auburn and Alabama, among otier SEC teams. Three Year Man Keller has been a starter for Dixie Hollins for three years, he twice was named to the all state squad after leading his rebles to two state championships. Keller was also unanimous choice on the last two all tournament teams. Averaging 28 points a game despite often being defensed by two or three men Keller led Rollins in rebounding with a 20 a game average. Keller was the primary target of Georgia Tech recruiting this year. The big center also received 4ffers from some of the nations top schools including Ohio State. Peek, who figured primarily in the Auburn recruiting plans, It's As the world mark.I Brother Dave then sped to first place in the 100 yard dash in 9.6 seconds, only one-tenth off his own Relays record, also held byl Dave Sime. George Leach of the UF track squad came in second. The two then helped Northeast Louisiana to victories in the quarter-mile relay, sprint medley relay, and the mile relay. Each performance set a new Relays record. The host Gator did well in the meet with 17 points, good ior ninth place and ahead of Duke, Clemson, Georgia, and Georgia Tech as well as others. Jerry Nourse of Duke broke the two mile record by five seconds with a time of 9:05.4. FAST TWINS ...Don and Dave Styron of Northeast Louisiana won the Kerney-Raybun Memorial Trcphy for the second time Saturday for outstanding performances in the Florida Relays. Dorm Basketball Action Tomorrow in Florida Gym Dorm basketball bracket play ler 1, Graham 2 vs. Graham 4, continues as 24 teams battle in Cockrell vs. Jackson and the tomorrow night's action. Hoopies vs. the Purple Gammas. At 7 p.m. Trusler 4 plays SimpWeaver 4 takes on Weaver 1, son 1, Graham 3 meets Simpson South 2 faces North 3, Weaver 3 3, Simpson 4 faces Trusler 2 and plays Tolbert 4 and Tolbert 2 Graham 1 battles Simpson 2. meets Weaver 2 in 9 p.m. enAt 8 p.m. Trusler 3 vs. Truscounters. is STEVE McBRIDE All America Again Ten meet with an easy victory. Florida State had three points in the meet, all from Paul Thompson. The senior Seminole finished fifth in the 440 freestyle and sixth in 200 yard freestyle. Cagers Recruit was twice chosen to all state and all tournament teams. He averaged 25 points and 18 rebounds a game in his senior year. Goolsby and Wicker Other promising Florida ballplayers which figure in Sloan's plans include Dan Goolsby of Apopka and Harry Wicker of south Broward. Goolsby was a unanimous choice kbr all Tournament in class A after leading his team to the state championship in that division. Wicker led South Broward's Bulldogs with a 20 point a game average and rebounding ability. Styrons Star At 19th Relays By ROBERT GREEN Assistant Sports Editor Don and Dave Styron, North. east Louisiana's twin track terrors, stole the show again at the 19th running of the Florida Relays Saturday. Win Trophy A crowd oi more than 4,500 watched as the two were named winners of the Kerney -Raybun Memorial Trophy as the outstanding performers of meet. They had won the award two years before in the 1960 Relays. St. Petersburg Senior High continued its domination of the high school events. The Devils, state champs for the past two years, won both the half mile and mile relay. Early Win Don Styron started the Relays, off with a record breaking performance as he ran okf with the 120 high hurdles in the time of 13.8 seconds. It broke the old Relay mark of 14.2 seconds and was only four-tenths of a second off ONE OF TWO ...UF Basketball signees, 6' 9" Gary Keller (R) during one of his visits to Florida Gym. Richard Peek, 6' II" center from Pensacola was the other UF player to ink a grant in aid during the first day of recruiting action. Busehull Teum Plays Ih Only Doubleheader The Gator baseball team returns overall. The Gators will face leahome from a shortened road trip gue leader Auburn in a two game to take on Furman in a doubleseries on this coming Friday and header on Wednesday at 2 p.m. Saturday which will go a long way on Perry Field. The second game toward deciding the SEC Eastern will only last seven innings. Division champion. The Gators won their only game Reliefer Jim in Georgia this past weekend Elliott was the Seating the Bulldogs, 5-4, on Friwinner on Friday. Saturday's game was rainday with help ed out and will not be replayed. from J i m Biggart and Tom Big Series Moore. Moore had two hits This leaves the team with a ad to its 4-1 record in SEC play and 9-3 .bases in t h e game, includTM MOORE mng home. H A LL ...Talented This came in Base Thief the seventh inning and was preceded by Moore's FRIENDS AND thefts of second and third followO SEE HIM AT ing a walk. Georgia rallied into final two innings but fell short. Elliott took over for starter Jer5 ry Nicolson in the fourth inning ZBERSHOP i after Nicolson had walked in a 13th ST run. Nicolson had given up no 13th ST. at the time,dbut had issued five walks. Elliott retired the side and walked the next four innings with Biggart pitching the ninth' SThe Gators had split two earlier games with Georgia this season. They won 6-3 and lost 12-11 in lo innings. Both games were In c r 1 Gainesville. leA After the doubleheader and the SUGGESTIONSAuburn series this week, the Gators will have only four home games left at Perry Field this LL I season. or 2-9332 I .I ---K THE SPORTS HUB Don't Throw Stones By MIKE GORA Alligator Sports Editor '' True Mississippi hasn't let the Mississippi State basketball team go to the NCAA, however, the UPhasn't fared much better. The Florida Relays, last weekend, was a well run meet with a sprinkling of top athletes. Teams from all over the eastern half of the United States participated in the event. A school just 150 miles from Gainesville was not invited. This uninvited school has the best track team in the state and one of the best in the country. The uninvited school placed well in the NCAA finals last year in several events. Florida didn't qualify anyone for participation. A few weeks ago a trackman at this school tied the world's 100 yard dash record of 9.2 seconds. Track events are between human beings. The color doesn t rub off. Why wasn't Florida A and M invited to the Florida Relays ? Apart from making the meet a more interesting athletic event UF again passed up another opportunity to be a leader among the Southern states. It would have been too bad if Mississippi State had been forced to drop out of the meet. They didn't come close to winning anything. Why must good athletics, or good anything else, be -:acrificed for the radical John Crow southerner? Mr. Beard, you ran a fine track meet. Yes, Mr. Beard, your track meet had some fine athletes. But, Mr. Beard you stopped before making your event into a great track meet. Whether this is because of personal bigotry, which is doubtful, or because of pressures from Athletic Director Ray Graves, or UF President Reitz, or merely an oversight, is important. IF IT CAME FROM YOUR personal belief you shouldn't be in a position to coach college athletes. IF IT CAME FROM GRAVES, he shouldn't be the Athletic Director of a progressive university. IF IT CAME FROM REITZ, it is not in keeping with his noncommittal attitude. IF IT WAS AN OVERSIGHT which will be corrected next year, congratulations are in order. Track has been called the fairest of sports. Track has been the basis of the Olympic games, whose main purpose is to promote world fellowship. Attention, Mr. Beard, Mr. Graves and Dr. Reitz: It doesn't rub off. UF Golfers Spend Week m" Practice After Taking Ga. Tech at Atlanta The UP golf team settles down to a week of practice before going into the All Florida Collegiate Tournament on April 12-13 at Orlando. Rain caused the cancellation of Saturday's match be. tween the UP and Georgia at Athens. playing Duke. Tech beat Duke, 16-11. Phil Leckey and Marlen Vogt both scored 73 for the UF. Lekkey's 73 was enough to beat Frank Landry of Tech, but Vogt lost to Lane of Tech whose 70 was low for the day. Friday afternoon the Gators In the /first foursome Bill Ploebeat the Engineers of Georgia ger and Buddy Baker of Tech Tech, 14%2-12%, in a match playwon best ball 2%-%. Phil Leckey ed in Atlanta, Joe Lane of Tech and Vogt won best ball in the was the medalist of the day with second group 2-1 and Richard a 70. At the same time Tech Leckey and Mickey McMahon won was playing the Gators they were the third best ball 3-0. tWhien Marj and Pete became engage Pete started right in planning for theirI One of the things he did was take outa -rU DVTL'Iun~~ U de future. a College Life policy he Flodd MllgArw, Twesdl, April_5,_1962 tows OPEN STEAK SANDWICH ~, .... -------------I m I m 
