
PAGE 1

4~O he ~America's T he ^-Number 132 Florida Agitator College Un-American Daily Vol. 61, No. 105 University of Florida, Gainesville Tuesday, April 1, 1969 O'Connell Plans Governor B'id Shepherd Changes His Call Again By MARGO COPLOVER Agitator Staph. Writer Calling the UF "where the action is," Charles Shepherd, former king kong of the student body, raised his seventh pitcher of Gatorade just after midnight Tuesday at The Mouse, and soberly announced his candidacy for governor of the Sunshine State-. Shepherd, who led students away from campus rebellion and controversy ran to the Democrat National Convention in Chicago, said he is entering the governor's race because he feels the Sunshine State can be better controlled from the campus rather than from the capitol building in Tallahassee. "Frankly, I am fearful for the future of our state," he said. "There is the need for positive action to deal with some very real problems in our government." "I believe the UF students should take the leadership of the state since it seems to be where the action is," he said. "It is time that we educate the legislature and the public about the true nature of this great university and stop selling ourselves short with the big boys in Tallahassee." "If it takes batgirls to storm the Senate chambers and stomp the state for me, then batgirls it will be." Shepherd is the lead candidate for the American Independent Party which has now proclaimed an all out Mace of rednecks and the plain folks who have long dominated the state's government from the "eagle's nest" in the lower panhandle district. Opposing Shepherd is UF President Stephen C. O'Connell who left the state capitol in 1967 vowing to lead the University of Florida to greatness, "second to none in the nation." st Annual jHurtin' Gator A -.J I AW~rUS O'CONNELL KICKS OFF CAMPAIGN -. ..shows slogan on sign Ina airline Agitato He Wants State 'First In Nation' By BARREL ALLBITCH Agitator Editor Vowing to make Florida "first in the nation, second to none in the world," UF President Stephen C. O'Connell Monday announced his intention to seck the state's highest political office -the governorship -in the 1970 race. At a late afternoon press conference in the home of his long-time political and personal friend Charley Johns, a former state senator and short-term governor, O'Connell affirmed recent persistent rumors that he is a candidate for governor. His announcement follows closely on the heels of State Attorney General Earl Faircloth's decision to actively seek the post. The university president, who only eighteen months ago shed the robes of chief justice of the Florida Supreme Court for the academic robes of president of his Alma Mater, said he is "deeply disturbed by the trends in this state and in this country in recent years." He cited decline in law and order, black militancy in the ghettoes. student violence on campus, increasing cries for academic freedom and the rise in popularity of subversive groups such as SSOC and JOMO'. He also criticized the "GOP coalition." "The recent unrest on Florida campuses has been caused primarily by the ineptness of the Republican administration and Republican legislators," O'Connell charged. He contended that Republican leaders have joined together to create unrest so they can "make a campaign issue out of it." He said he agreed -"unfortunately" -with State Sen. Tom Slade's recent demand that UF philosophy professor Ken Megill be dismissed. "But how could I do it, in good conscience?" O'Connell asked. "I would have had to agree with an elephant. So I did nothing. I never believed in a squirting contest with an elephant." The gubernatorial candidate said he intended to "clean up Florida's campuses" after he is elected. He promised that Johns would assist him in the job. The former UF student body president has been active in political intrigues throughout his career. "Making Florida first has always been my dream. I cannot say 'no' to the task which calls me," he vowed. AIRLINE SECURITY 'DEFICIENT' Another Jet Hijacked In Florida By BRAINIE GHOUL However, the staphers claimed to freedom of the press," said formulate action against wha Agitator Staph Writer immunity for the offense, one of the staphers. "We called the "blatant censors contending they were only hijacked the plane as a public administrative interference, an effort to show that performing their duty by making service to our readers." sightless stupidity" of the f security is deficient, two the airline aware of security A gi tator editor Harold White officials. )r staphers hijacked an difficulties. Aldrich immediately called an Meanwhile, back in F Eastern Airlines jet Monday and forced the pilot to bypass its original destination, High Springs, and fly to Fort White instead. The 74 passengers, who were due in High Springs for the annual regional meeting of the Tri-County Hog Breeders Association, were taken to High Springs in a motorcade of Massey-Ferguson tractors after being cleared by Fort White custom officials. The staphers were arrested by authorities in Fort White and charged with air piracy, a capital offense. "We suspicioned that they was the ones what done it," said SheriffIomer-owdy;9-seeingas how they was the only ones what looked like university students. Them university students ought to be horsewhipped anyway; they haven't got the sense the good Lord gave a boll weevil." emergency staff meeting to (SEE 'AIRLINES' PG. 3) t he hip, and Fort Fort This lovely young future Gator coed seems to be of flower. Spring is. Spring is. enjoying her sojourn through the -well, some kind It's wonderful. Ask our little friend. I See Pages 8,9 

PAGE 2

Page 2, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 1, 1969 'DEMOCRATIC' UNIVERSITY PROMISED O'Connell Bows Out; Freeman New King By CRIMSON MEMBER wiping a tear from his eyes, Freeman, in accepting the Agitator Associating Editor "that people like me are just too new job, had only a few short old fashioned to try to control a words for the crowd. In a touching and impressive 661 I l i h thi ceremony, UF President Stephen C. O'Connell Monday turned over control of the university to SSOC spokesman Ed Freeman. Only a small crowd was present at the meeting of Freeman and O'Connell on the Plaza of the Americas "It has come to my attention," O'Connell said, ast-paced university ike ours. "That's why I have decided to choose a person who has real farsight and that deep feeling of Americanism which is necessary for a university president," he said. "That person is Ed Freeman." His voice broke with emotion. No Frolics Tickets For Fraternity Men Frolic tickets will not be distributed to fraternity members Interfraternity Council President Steve Zack announced Monday. Instead, tickets will be distributed to the independents this time. The action was taken as a punishment for the recent fist fights among the fraternities, Zack declared. He referred in particular to the SAE-Phi Delt spat. "Some matter about a lion," he said, "and somebody's tail." "How petty this all is! Lion's tails and secret handshakes, when I'm elected again I think I'll disband the whole system," he said. "These fist fights are ruining our image." Meanwhile, Zack said he couldn't decide whether to hold his duel with Steve Fahrer, SSOC president, on Florida Field or at the handball courts. Zack challenged Fahrer after the SSOC president said his fan club was bigger than Zack's. Zack also didn't know whether to demand an apology written in blood or an oral one in the Plaza of the Americas. a iiam gia it authoritarian forces on this campus have finally seen the light, and I'm sure all our problems will soon be solved by this move. Our time has come. I plan to turn all of the dormitories into communes, and change many of the names," he said. "I also plan to rename the union to Student Rights Union. I plan to abolish the campus cops, and turn their station into a welcome station for visitors from the north. I also plan to 0sl all the drains in Florida Field and fill it up with LSD. We could then sell tickets. Each ticket would entitle the holder to a long straw. The ROTC field will be converted to a grass farm, and Century Tower can be made into a lookout tower." "Those will be my immediate programs," Freeman said. "Tomorrow I will announce my plans for the far future." In turning the control over to Freeman, O'Connell knelt down and bowed to his replacement and humbly asked his forgiveness. ...'long live the king' UF Student Arrested For Growing Grass By BRAVE ODOR Agitator Staph Writer A UF senior in agriculture was arrested for possession of maryjane by a joint team of local law enforcement officials Monday night, after a year-long snooping job. Crass Blowingsmoke, 22, of suburban Yee Haw Junction, was caught by Gainesville police, local sheriff's detectives and Kampus Kops and charged with growing and cultivating a bumper crop of quality, lysergic acid ladled, marijuana in a field near the UF livestock pavilion. The suspect was taken to the county jail and bond has been set at $500,000, officials said. When interviewed by Agitator reporters at the time of his arrest, Blowingsmoke said, "They told me to grow grass for my term project -and I did." It was not determined who the "they" were in his statement, but a College of Agriculture spokesman said over the telephone, "What we had in mind for the project was the St. Augustine variety when we gave Blowingsmoke the go-ahead." Kampus Kops Chief Audie Shulen said of the long investigation, "We knew we had him almost from the start, but we had to sample the to find out if it was the real thing" apartments WORTH WAITING FOR 1500 northwest 16th avenue Professional Management by Ernest Tow Realty. Inc. By CAN1. SLANDER Agitator Assignments Editor Agitator Editor Harold Aldrich has been awarded the College of Journalism's "Endurance Award" for most quarters successfully completed out of most quarters unsuccessfully taken. Aldrich, first and only winner of the distinction, has taken the equivalent of 42.5 quarters and has completed .5 quarters in the college with an average above a 1.0. Dean John Paul Jones Wallace WASHINGTON (LSD) Seven members of the American Independent party are planning an "unscheduled" visit to the White House next week, George Wallace announced Monday. Although the one-time candidate for president would not say what the purpose of the meeting would be, he claimed it, would not be a demonstration or protest. "We want it to be a surprise for Dick," he said, referring to President Nixon. The day of the visit has not been disclosed, but a member of the delegation, Limey Railey, said the meeting would "probably be sometime at night." A neighbor of Railey, who asked that his name not be. 378-5724 EICgt ElLMEr CLOCK, WATCH & JEWELRY REPAIRS TROPHIES -ENGRAVING 1230 W. UNIVERSITY AVE. 1h BLOCK FROM CAMPUS called Aldrich, "the most unique student we have ever encountered." "We have grown old together, he's been here almost as long as Lester Hale," Jones said. Aldrich came to the UF more than 12 years ago, seven of which he spent trying to get into upper division and the remainder spent trying to get out. In lieu of the award, Jones said Aldrich's chances of graduating with honors have been "greatly strengthened" and that the Agitator editor "has given us new insight into the youth of today and what we can expect from them in the future." Jones refused to comment on Aldrich's handling of the Agitator staph. "I don't use language like that for publication," the dean said. Aldrich, accepting the award in his humble manner, said it just proved what I have always said, "I am the greatest." To Meet With Nixon disclosed, said he saw a laundry informed of the visit, but "if he truck deliver a "large bundle" of makes an appointement with my what appeared to be "white secretary, I will try to see him." sheets or something." "He is entitled to the same Nixon said he had not invited rights as any private U.S. Wallace, nor had he been citizen," Nixon said. NEW COURSE BEGINNING WEDNESDAY SELF-HYPNOSIS APPLICATIONS IN SELF-IMPROVEMENT FREE LECTURE AND DEMONSTRATION LEARN WHY SELF-HYPNOSIS IS THE MOST POWERFUL AND EEFECTIVE TOOL AVAILABLE TODAY FOR SELFIMPROVEMENT Wed. April 2, at Ramada Inn INSTITUTE OF APPLIED HYPNOSIS 5445 MA R INE R ST., TAMPA PHONE 872-0698 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR is the official student newspaper of the University of Florida and is published five times weekly except during June, July and August when it is published semi-weekly, and during student holidays and exam periods. Editorials represent only the official opinions of their authors. Address correspondence to the Florida 'Alligator, Reitz Union Building, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32601. The Alligator is entered as second class matter at the United States Post Office at Gainesville, Florida 32601. Subscription rate is $10.00 per year or $3.50 per quarter. The Florida Alligator reserves the right to regulate the typographical tone of all advertisements -n2 to revise or turn sway -"1y whsrh st considers objecoonable. e The Florida Alligator will not consider adjustments of payment for any advertisement involving typographical errors or erroneous insertion unless notice is given to the Advertising Manager within (1) one day after the advertisement appears. The Florida Alligator will not be responsible for more than one incorrect insertion of an advertisement scheduled to run several times. Notices for correction must be given before next insertion. r --Editor Wins JM Award I 

PAGE 3

Campus Living Required Of Every UF Student By NUDE SANDSPURS Agitator Staph Writer Calling the decision, "in the best interests of the students," UF President Stephen C. O'Connell Monday disclosed that beginning in September, all UF students will be required to live on campus. The announcement climaxed several months of rumors over UF's housing future. At a 3:30 p.m. press conference, O'Connell, along with Campus Planning Director W. Ellis Jones, unveiled a $35 million housing complex designed to accomodate 20,000 additional students. "There has been little doubt in my mind," O'Connell said, "but that the present disorders Airliner EROM:PA White, Sheriff Dowdy said the students would go trial tomorrow before County Judge John J Lynch. "We dot* got our jury all spruced up," said the sheriff. "They're career juryrnen, hear cases in the morning and pick tobacco in the afternoon. Fort White folks likes to call themrthe 'Hanging 12.'" The staphers will be represented at the trial by public defender Clinton G. Cornbusk. lie told the press, Fort White Peapicker-Courier newsmen, lie had only one piece of advice for his clients: "I told them, now listen, when you guys get to Raiford's death row, just don't sit down.After the trial, the two will be s u b je t to university punishment, Vice President for Student Affairs Lester Hale told the Agitator. "Although the Code of S tudent Conduct doesn't prohibit airline hijacking per se, it does pennit action against on campus stem from our failure to be able to keep a watch on students." "What we propose to do here is to fulfill our responsibility to the parents of the students at UF.99 Jones also commented on the plan, calling it an end to upperclassman discrimination. "There has long been an inequality in our housing practices," Jones said, "which confines the underclassmen to c a m p u s w h i le t h e upperclassmen can live in an apartment off-campus without a single rule." "By placing all students on campus, there will no longer be any discrimination," Jones said. The master campus housing plan calls for the draining of Hijacked AE ONE 3 students who are considered 'potentially dangerous'," Hale said. 'There is little doubt in my mind that they are dangerous. Who knows, next they could hijack the pigeons at the Plaza of the Americas." Several campus organizations h ave condemned the administration's decision Io prosecute as double jeopardy, but For!eWhite officials believe otherwise: "Hell, them university hippies are all in jeopardy anyhow," said Dowdy. "We gotta rid our university system of them subversive, pinko hippie radicals, and this is how we're gonna do it." The Fort White authorities have received support from several members of the Legislature, notable Sen. Tom Slade, who reportedly rubbed his hands together gleefully as he said: "At last, justice." Camp Takajo Naples Maine Needs Male Counselors Qualified in e Waterfront tennis 9 Basketball 9 Baseball e Outdoor camping -* Nature Study*M~k Pa See Placement office for further information. If interested Please fillout application and make appointment for: Thursday April 3rd Lake Alice, and the construction of high-rise dormitories on the site. Money for the towers has been approved by the -Department of Housing and Urban Development in Washington, and architectural plans have reached the final planning stage. The problem of housing students until the first sections of the complex are finishedwill be alleviated by the erection of Flavet-type temporary buildings. Corpse Found GAINESVILLE (LSD) -The body of the senior associate editor of the University of Florida's campus newspaper was found floating in Hog Town Creek late Tuesday. The corpse was severed at the spine, dismembered and disemboweled, eyeballs removed and the chest area was riddled with buckshot. Police suspect foul play. G00 Service Starts at CRANE IMPORTS SALES-SERVICEREPAIRS CRANE IMPORTS 50E. Univ. Ave. 372-4M7 Tuesday, April 1, 1969, The Florida Alligatr, Page 3 Gator PAWN SHOP MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS DIAMONDS (LOANS GN GUNS BUY .SELL .TRADE "We specialize in Gator-Aid" 1334 E. UNIVERSITY 378-5575 What's NEW at the BOOKSTORE? SUGGESTED AIDS CRS HANDBOOK OF CHEMISTRY AND PHYSICS, 49th ed. 1968-1969 CRC STANDARD MATHEMATICAL TABLES, 16th ed. DWIGHT: TABLES OF INTEGRALS AND OTHER MATHEMATICAL DATA ABRAMOWITS: HANDBOOK OF MATHEMATICAL FUNCTIONS PIERCE; A SHORT TABLE OF INTEGRALS DICTIONARIES: Best English and Foreign Languages HANDBOOKS: Finest selection in all subjects OUTLINES: COMPLETE STOCK OF MONARCH, CLIFFS, BARNES & NOBLE, AND SCHAUM'S. REFERENCE: WE STOCK THOUSANDS OF TITLES ON ALL SUBJECTS, IN BOTH HARDBACK AND PAPER. Store Hours 8:00 A.M. -8:00 RM. Saturday 9:00 A.M. 12:00 Campus Shop & Bookstore "Let's Believe in Gainesville" VOTE FOR THE QUALIFIED CANDIDATE Dear Citizen and Voter: I have conducted my campaign for the City Commission the same way I will conduct myself as your City Commissioner-with dignity and honor. NO ONE has a right to lower the standards demanded for such a responsible office. I have been honest and fair and made no pie-in-the-sky promises that I could not keep. I sincerely want to represent all the people of Gainesville but I WILL NOT lower the high ideals and standards which I hold so dear in order to win such an office. I believe my election to the commission will signal a new day and new hope for ALL of Gainesvill@. We are a mature, honorable, progressive city. I don't b'iev we will settle for anything less than the most qualified person to fill that office. I ask that every voter evaluate the qualifications of both candidates and vote their convictions. To decide this election on anything else would undermine the entire Democratic structure for which we have fought and died. Please go to the polls tomorrow and let the world know that Gainesville is healthy and mature. Vote for Progress in Gainesville. "LET'S BELIEVE IN GAINESVILLE .Neil Butler does!!!" QUALIFICATIONS Married -Five Children Lifelong resident of Gainesville Steward -Mt. Olive Methodist Church World War I Navy Combat Veteran Omega Psi Phi Fraternity Elks -American Legion B.S. degree -University of Florida Admitted to Graduate School -U. of F. Registered Professional Nurse ------0-N-A-PI NEII City Pd.Pol.Ad. "Let's Beli Member -American Nurses Association Coordinated all Nursing for "Operation Concern" Former Head Nurse -Pediatrics -U. of F. Teaching Hospital Served as Chairman of Gainesville's Human Relations Advisory Board Chairman -Board of Directors, Bell Nursery Member -Board of Directors, Seagle Foundation Member -Steering Committee of Coordinating Council of Concern L BUTLER Commissioner eve In Gainesville" Al 

PAGE 4

Page 4, The Florida Alligator, Tueaday, April 1, 1969 Senate Meets DROPOUTS The Student Senate will hold its irregular weekly meeting tonight in the Reitz Union. It is hoped that all 80 senators will (Sorry. .DROPOUTSc attend and that the meeting will start on time -for a chanvedropped out.) Agenda items include consideration of a resolutionWU introduced by Majority Floor .Vi c O Leader Charles Harris endorsingU -To 000 him for vice president of the -Ve ES Oo student body. TH Megill Arrested At Rally Kenneth Megill, professor of agriculture and because of the pay raise that is anticipated for the recently named chief laison with the Florida legislators from $1200 to about $12,000, they legislature, was arrested Monday morning for should assume the administration of all state holding an unauthorized rally calling for direct universities. control of state universities by the lawmakers. "Because of their great and unfailing interest in Megill was dressed in a conservative business suit the quality of higher education and academic and surrounded by supporters from all sectors of freedom," Megill said, "the lawmakers should the "university community." Trouble arose with administrate our schools, including the naming of police when one of the demonstrators tried to use a faculty members, assignment of washroom keys, rest room in a nearby building and was arrested on and the making up of test questions." the grounds that he was not a recognized campus "I favor Sen. Tom Slade to head the group to organization and therefore was not entitled to use come to this campus." UF facilities,.oet hi aps The mild-mannered professor told the group, After the arrests were made, the group all crossed many of whom were carrying U.S. and Confederate their hearts and promised they would march on the flags and wearing "Wallace in '72" buttons, that Capitol in an attempt to have the plan implemented. Court Orders BY HOWARD POST EET-Get Yours In a surprise move Monday For the golf course, the Honor Court declared that Bill McBride is the rightful president of the student body,beachlor and then instituted impeachment proceedings just loungig against him for not performing the functions of the office. around with your The decision overruled a previous one in which the court favorite said McBride's election to the chick. highest student office was illegal and called for another election. In the second election Clyde Taylor was elected in a landslide. Bob Hughes, then honor court chancellor, said there had been "certain irregularities" in the first election procedures and ordered a new one. Honor Court Chancellor Pete Zinober Monday said Hughes' decision had no basis in fact, but was grounded on political motives. "He just wanted to givre that mother Taylor another chance," Zinober said. "His reasoning, was unsound, unsure, and unlegal, oops! illegal." Zinober said he had no particular reason for waiting until now for making his decision public. "I just felt the political atmosphere was right," he said. "This was really the best time to announce my decision." only "I'm sorry Bill (McBride) had not been doing his job," Zinober said. "I'm relly sorry to have to impeach him, but that's the breaks." e teo 8MON -atUniversity Plaza -0000 

PAGE 5

Tuesday, April 1, 1969, The Florida Alligator, Pug. 5 HALE'S PAPER PLANES SMASHED Bomb Explosion Rocks Tigert Ha By BRAVE ODOR repeated." files and to test security, it was place and administrators said, but said they were looking into Agitator Staphe Writer Kops investigators said they discovered that the explosion when grilled by Kops, that they reports that several bearded found bomb fragments in the also burned a hole in the office did not know his whereabouts. creatures were seen lurking on ert Hall was partially wreckage and deduced that the rug of UF President Stephen C. Kops said that they have no Tigert Hall roof earlier in the yed Monday Night when a device was located directly O'Connell. leads on who planted the bomb, evening. time bomb exploded under Vice President Lester L. Hale's desk on the first floor. Kampus Kops arriving on the scene reported that the blast ripped out the west wall and penetrated into the mysterious computer room in the basement. Kops Chief Audie Shuler told Agitat or reporters that computers were in the midst of recording grades for the previous quarter and suffered a trauma when the basement ceiling collapsed. "All grades reports were dnestrved Shuler said. "and under Hale's desk. "We knew it was Hale's desk," they said, "because we also found charred remains of paper airplanes near the bomb fragments. The paper planes appeared to all have crushed nosetips and apparently were made from secret documents which contained the biographies of certain high echelon student left-wingers, they said. Upon further investigation by an astute Agitator stapher who had locked himself in the building the night before on O'Connell was later reached for a statement by an Agitator copyboy who found him sampling his special wine collection with off-campused editor Scott DeGarmo in the P.K. Yonge library room. After staring bleary-eyed for several minutes at the copyboy, O'Connell turned to DeGarmo and mumbled something that sounded like, "Where's that Hull with the girls?" The copyboy reported that O'Connell never did comment on the blast but instead went to a phone to confer with his good buddy Tom Slade, staying at a nearby hotel with a group of state GOP leaders who had the previous day staged a sanctioned sit-in inside O'Connell's office in an effort to get him in the race for governor. Hale was reportedly out of town when the explosion took Miller-Brown ONE MIL E NORTH OF THE MALL AUTHORIZED 376-4552 DEALER TUESDAY STEAK SPECIAL LONDPON PROR 9? 1225 W. UNIVERSITY AVE. '/2 BLOCK FROM CAMPUS ONLY left to reserve your seat f t LONDON June 23 -Aug. 25 $315 Round Trip Deadline Fri. 5:00 PM Rm. 310 Union # 14 )AYS 392-1655 Twig campus 1131 W. UNIV AVE. SMOKE RISES FROM RUINS .Tigert Hall goes up in flames Twig Mall 2552 NW 13th ST. WHAT'S AT TWIG ?? JUMPSUITS LONG FORMALS PANTIES PANTYHOSE PANT DRESSES PANTS PANTSUITS PERMUME~ RAINCOATS SHIRTS SKIRTS .JUST TO MENTION A FEW. AND IF WE DON'T HAVE IT. ASK US. WE'LL GET IT! BE LTS BLOUSES BRAS v BRA-DRESSES CULOTTES DRESSES HALFSLIPS *4ANOBAGSHOSIERY JEWELRY JEANS SHORTS SWIMSUITS SWIM COVERS SOCKS SLIPS SCARVES SUNHATS 9EMI-FOMALS TRIANGLES TURTLE-NECK SHELLS UMBRELLAS "I'm sorry about your parade, sir. I guess I splashed on too much after shave." wo~c ~Even the might of thr-niltarynt-pr c yeue-not----careful how you use Hai Karate@ After Shave and Cologne. One *whiff and females get that "make love not war" look in their eyes. So to maintain military discipline and keep your uniform intact, we put instructions on self-defense in every package. Just in case it comes down to hand-to-hand combat. Hai Karate-be careful how you use it. (L 1969,~Leeming D ision, Chas. Pfizer & Co., Inc., New York, N.Y. II. ., ,, ., Tig destro --I _ 

PAGE 6

Page 6, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 1, 1969 The Florida Pacewrecker Un American Because of their undying and unselfish contributions to the field of journalism The Florida Agitator has selected the above named people as editors of this special edition. Their work needs no explanation. Not Bad Poses, DeGarmo, But Where The Hell I rEgl EDITORIAL IThe 'Editor' AtWr 

PAGE 7

Tuesday, April 1, 1969, The Florida Allig PROMPTED BY PRO-AMERICAN PROTESTS U.S. Breaks Relations With France LSD ~ Mainline NEWS Phone Dispute Still Hung Up MICANOPY (LSD) -Soviet and American negotiators on the Alutian Islands ended talks on a somber note Monday and both sides said no settlement was in sight. The dispute is raging over the issue of the controversial "hot line" between Washington and Moscow. The Soviets continue to insist that until American business recognizes the truthof Russian claims that the telephone was invented by Alexandrivich Grahamioc Bellovich three years before Alexander Graham Bell invented it in America, they will not answer the Moscow phone. "Communications can really be said to be at an all-time low," the American spokesman said. "What is even more crucial to the interests of our country is that the Russians refuse to pay their phone bill." Bell Telephone in New York said that they objected to the course the talks were taking and refused to consider the possibility of a' compromise which would change the company's name to Bellovich Telephone Company. Russian negotiators said that they had documented proof that the American "Imperialists" had taken the credit from a loyal Soviet citizen. When asked by the Americans to produce the proof, the Russian spokesman, pounding a nearby telephone with his shoe, said "We have no intention to cooperate with these capitalists, and we will not be pushed around. Our information is classified and will not be handed over to the Americans." In its current status, the hot line is temporarily out of order, and the telephone repairmen, on strike in New York, refuse to fix the lines. Patricia Nixon, wife of the president, is reported "very disturbed" because she cannot contact the wife of the Soviet premier. "How am I ever going to keep informed of the latest Prague and Moscow fashions?" she asked. "Now I'll never be able to make the Best Dressed list like Jackie." President Nixon could not be reached for comment Monday. WASHINGTON (LSD) -President Nixon, in a surprise move Monday, withdrew official U.S. recognition of the Republic of France. Nixon said the U.S. would request the French ambassador to the United States be recalled "immediately," and said the American ambassador was already flying back from Paris. The president said because of deteriorating relations with the European republic his decision was "the wisest course of action the United States could take at this time to avoid further troubles." He referred to the recent pro-American demonstrations raging through the sewers of Paris which were put down by the Fierce Fighting Fairies, private guard of French President Charles DeGaulle in a bloody underground battle. involved," Nixon said. "We cannot sit placidly by and watch this butchery in the streets of Paris." Nixon pledged American forces would be sent to Paris early next week "to protect American interests." "We cannot risk American property and various and sundry other interests in France .I mean foreign ports," the president said at his late afternoon news conference, "therefore, our troops will be sent via Coast Guard cutters to bring back the peace to our underprivileged neighbors across the seas." He warned Americans to become involved. "For too long we sat back and watch the world fall apart," he said, "we must take action regardless of the cost." Sources close to the French general said he was American forces, lounging in their tropical quite disturbed, upset and bewildered" at the headquarters in Vietnam, Laos, Peru, and Israel, and unFrench conduct" displayed in his sewers. the winter resort barracks in Greenland, West "The demonstrations were not sponsored by the Germany, the South Pole and Sweden were United States and there were no American citizens unavailable for comment. Breakfast Table' Shape Approved At Paris Talks PARIS (LSD) -The Vietnam peace talks here took a substantial step forward Monday when the shape of the table was finally decided upon. .The delegates agreed to use a table shaped like the Star of David, but only to have breakfast on. "The decision is a big step forward," U.S. representative Averill Harriman said. "Now we will be able to sit down together early in the morning and get down to the real nitty gritty of the peace talks. "We'll have a chance to talk about the size and shape of the actual peace talk table," he said. "A big problem, though, will be the decision on what to eat for breakfast." "Myself," he said, "I'd like corn flakes, but I hear that dirty commie from North Vietnam wants rice." "I think the representative of the Cong says he'll settle only for raw pork, and personally I find that sickening," Harriman belched. peace Sa l aUe The representative from South Vietnam said he would settle for "almost anything, except that I really would prefer cream cheese, bagels and lox," he said. Aren't YOU Happy Spring Is Here?! stor, Page 7 

PAGE 8

P 8, T Florida Alligaor, Taudmiy, April 1, 1969 In keeping with the tradition of April Fool's and canpus politics (often confused), the Florida Alligator takes sadistic delight in presenting to those newsmakers who have best exemplified the spirit of ars gratis artis in buffoonery, inanity and pure fun, these: The "I Told ou So" Award To Gator Ray Graves, who said his team was nothing special. Concerned with the possibility of swelled egos and high ratings, Graves put the team back in line by dropping the next three out of four games, proving he was right all along. FiudacityI Awards To SSOC, who had the audacity to start charging campus groups who wanted to hear radical speakers, with the going rate up to $15. and. To UF's swim team, who have been fishing in for the story about a new pool for the last twenty years. Animal Awards To Lester Hale, who has done an admirable job as Alligator scapegoat, replacing Dean of Women Betty Cosby. The The Silence Is Golden Award To Claude Kirk, who's silence has been so amazing that discrimination charges against the Rathskeller by him were actually taken seriously for a while,. Only at UF Award To Tony Duva, the first UF basketball player ever to get run over by a truck on Florida Field. To Jim Hollis, who had even more audacity by offering himself out to radical groups for the same rate. and. To the management of the Reitz Union, who skillfully out-maneuvered the hippie element by closing off all bathrooms in the Union just before a nationwide "flush-in" was about to begin, coinciding with President Nixon's inauguration. Gift A An Honorary Theta Cli Sweetheart Pin eS L To Cathy Eicher, almost a cheerleader, who won her fight for reinstatement into the squad after nearly two months, only to give up saying she had decided she didn't want to be on the squad any more. FIRST A S 

PAGE 9

Tusu.y.Apr 1, tOe,. Th.herMdAllu.r Pa.g The 'CIick With Glick' Award To Marc Glick, official st ud e nt g ov er nm en t something-or-other, who confided to the Alligator he had lost 20 pounds over the Christmas holidays. "10 'Co ell 's statement representswthe greatest whitewash since Tom Sawyer painted the ence All-American Literary Award To Sen. Tom Slade (R-Jacksonville) who still thinks Tom Sawyer painted the fence. I HHIIIIIINIIIIIIIlliN~ llllilllllillilillllilllllllilllllilllillilillllllllililill~ illililllllllliiN iluiH~iNG in inilH Iil~ iillI N 4 ~ lilH u rhaps least KEEP TO RIGHT To Jimmy Bailey, who just ain has audacity. ards. A Ten Year Back File Of Playboy To Scott DeGarmo, so that the next time he runs a photo-essay, he might use a little more taste in his model. A Fateful Flying Fickle Finger Across the Yeiow Paiges. To Southern Bell, who gave us Centrex, headaches, high phone bills, no operators and a never ending line of callers asking for Poultry Science. The Mom And Apple Pie Award. To Mick Callahan, who gave the total basis of his platform for student body office when he announced he would "lie, lie, and lie some more" to get elected. All American Success ones (ALMOST) To Coach Tommy Bartlett and his team, who rose from the depths of obscurity in the SEC to receive their first-ever invitation to the NIT, just to bNow the whole thing by drawing NIT-winner Temple for their f irst game. To Kenneth Megill, who proved that newspapers can make your name a house-hold word. But if it's the House of Representatives --ANNUAL .1 MEN mmmmlmw OF 0 

PAGE 10

Page 10, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 1, 1969 Orange and BLUE BULLETIN Campus Calendar Tuesday, April 1 Textbook Exchange, C-4B Union, 2:00 -6:00 p.m. Delta Sigma Pi, 355 Union, 7:00 p.m. Student Senate Meeting, 349 Union, 7:00 p.m. Duplicate Bridge, 150-D Union, 7:30 p.m. Florida Players Production, "WALEROON", Constans Theatre, 8:00 p.m. Music Dept Univ. Chir Concert, University Aud., 8:15 p.m. Wednesday, April 2 Textbook Exchange, C-4B Union, 2:00 -6:00 p.m. Miss Univ. of Fla. Personality Contest Reception, 122 Union, 1:00 p.m. Circle K Meeting, 361 Union, 7:30 p.m. SGP: "SUPREMES", plus "Gladys Knight & the Pips", Florida Gym, 8:15 p.m. S Thursday, April 3 Textbook Exchange, C-4B Union, 2:00 -6:00 p.m. Contemporary Poet Series, Prof. Ed Ochester, 122 Union, 4:00 p.m. Union Movie, "New Cinema 11", Union Aud., 6:00, 8:30 & 11:00 p.m. Christian Science Organization, 357 Union, 7:00 p.m. Association of Women Students, 118 Union, 7:30 p.m. Gamma Beta Phi Meeting, 361 Union, 7:15 p.m. Young Republicans Meeting, 150 C Union, 8:00 p.m. Friday, April 4 Textbook Exchange, C-48 Union, 2:00 -6:00 p.m. Union Movie, "New Cinema 11", Union Aud., 6:00, 8:30 & 11:00 p.m. Miss Univ. of Fla. Beauty Contest Semi-finals, Constans Theatre, 8:00 p.m. Tickets for Wednesday night's performance by Diana Ross and the Supremes go on sale again today at 2 p.m. at the stadium ticket windows. The tickets are $3, $5, and $6 per couple and will be sold to students, faculty, staff and the general public until sold out. The Student Government Productions sponsored event starts at 8:15 p.m. Wednesday in the Florida Gym. UNION BOX OFFICE: Univ. Film Series, 10 films: faculty, staff & general public, $5.00; Univ. of Fla. students, $2.50; 5 films, Univ. of Fla. Students, $1.50. "Bashar & Shala", Univ. of Fla student, $75; faculty & staff, $1.00; general public, $1.50. "Carnigras", 5 tickets for $1.00. On All Loans. Low Interest Rates Still Available interest on Credit Union loans never exceeds 1% per month on unpaid balance --reduced -rates-avaiau-mr ire~w ~carThaa, A title I Home Improvementloans, and Share loans Call 392-0393 for monthly payment data for any type loan. GAINESVILLE FLORIDA CAMPUS FEDERAL CREDIT UNION 5th Avenue at the corner of 12th Street Hours :8:00 am. -3:309p.m._Monday through Friday N -w I mott- 

PAGE 11

Tuesday, April 1, 1969, The Florida Alligator, Pag CARNIGRAS RETURNS Pamnpr Q te r SECOND YEAR -1W ICE THE SIZE 0 SPONSORED BY STUDENT GOVERNMENT SAVE MONEY BUY DURING UNCLE ALBER T ,ADVANCED SALES APRIL 7-12, 19 WA NTS YOU Investigate, Participate, -Se GA T O c GI AS '0 9 APRIL 10-12 SPONSORED BY GATOR GRAS COMMITTEE -REITZ UNION PROGRAM COUNCIL DEADLINE FOR ALL CONTEST'S IS APRIL 4, 4:00p.m. APPLICATIONS AND INFORMATION MAY BE PICKED UP IN UNION PROGRAM OFFICE .to Enjoy and Participate in (1) Gator Gras battle of the 3ands Plaza of the Americas Friday, April 11, 9 p.m. (2) Gator Gras Folk Festival Featuring: The Puget Sound, Al Leonard. and others. Rathskeller Saturday, April 12, 8:30 p.m. -2:00 a.m. (3) Gator Gras beauty Contest Rathskeller Thursday, April 10, 9:00 p.m. (Winnet goes to Miss Florida Univese Contest') (4) Gator Gras Ugly-Man Contest Plaza of the Americas Friday, April 11, 3:30 p.m. (5) Gator Gras Soap-3ox Derby Contest Derby "500" -Med Center Hill Saturday, April 12, 9-12 a.m. (6) Gator Gras Tug-of-War Contest 3roward Field Saturday, April 12, 1:00 p.m. MISS U.F. PAGEANT FRIDAY SATURDAY 8:00 APRIL 4MEET ME AT THE 'RAT' We've got a lot of changes in store for you this quarter AFTER THIS WEEK there will not be an entertainment charge for Mon. Tues. Wed. nights. We 'll have College Night, Greek Night, Dorm Night. There will be much singing and funning. SPECIAL THIS WEEK VINCEMARTIN "from Miami" March 30-APRIL 5 *Remember no membership card needed for the Rat until 8:00P.M. except for Bar service. 5 CONSTANS THEATRE The Gamma Beta PI I Introduction to hi Society presents: Upper Division: a series of programs designed to inform interested students about each of the upper division colleges. The format for each program: -The dean introduces "his" college. -A representative from the Placement Service offers ideas concerning job opportunities for graduates of the college. -Each department chairman gives a capsule view of his field. -General questions from the floor are invited. -Information social to help students get better aquainted with the chairmen and learn about the various curriculums. Gain valuable information that can help you make the choice between upper division colleges more intelligently. Watch for flyers announcing dates, times, and places for each presentation. Sigma Tau Sigma Student tutor society announces that applications for membership are now being accepted. The Society is a service honorary which -rofs ire iuWrn tofl t fellow students. Qualifications are a Dean's List standing and the desire to become involved. Inquiries rwy be made to the Dean of Men's office -392-1261. e11 59 

PAGE 12

GATOR IASSIIEDS se our handy GATOR CLASSFEDS The Fr Atep1 Page 12, The Florida Alligator, Tuesday, April 1, 1969fom FOR SAIF woALie 1 G.E. Television cabinet model. Good as new, $125.00. Enclosed in handsome case and sits on rollers. Florence Nelson, Ph. 392-1764. (A-4t-104-P) Triumph, 1867, 500cc, Only 3500 miles, Perfect Condition, Call 376-4167 after 6P.M. (A-4t-105-p) 1968 Benetti 125cc Scrambler road and trail sprockets, Must sacrifice, will take best offer. Call 378-3878. (A-3t-105-p) WOODED LOT across from University Golf Course, $4500. R. T. Poole, Rt. No 1,A ox 1027, Apopka, Florida 32703 (A-5t-104-P) FOR RENT Peace and quiet is yours for the asking by living in one of our secluded luxurious one-bedroom furnished town house apartments. Only 5 minutes from the campus and medical center. $155 per month plus $35 for utilities. Call us now for an appointment to see them. Immediate occupancy. Ernest Tew Realty, Mnc. Phone 376-6461. (B-22t-105-c) LANDMARK No. 111 -Need female roommate for spring quarter $45. On the pool, AC, really nice. Call 372-1664 (C03t-103-P) Male roommatess, 2 br new townhouse, wil-to-wall, A/C. DW; $72 for 2nd (own bri, $48 each 2nd and 3rd, 378-6400. (C-2t-104-P) Law or grad student wanted to live in 3-bedroom, nicely furnished home near campu. Utilities paid. Call Bill Early evenings at 378-3862. (C-3t-104-P) NEAR CAMPUS: need female roommate for very nice 2 bedroom duplex: $45 a mo. plus 1/3 utilities. Call 372-2048 after 6:00 p.m. (C-2t-104-P) Arriflex BL, or ECLAR npr 16mm cine camera wanted. Also Nagra IlIl Taperecorder. Top price! Call Dan at 378-4532. (C-4t-105-p) Roomate wanted: money can't buy happyness, but $65 per month makes a good start!iIncludes all utilities AC and phone. (Room 302) College Terrace Apts. 1225 SW First Ave. Call Dan at 3784532 after 4. (C-St-105-p) ALLIGATOR DECLASSIFIED To order classifieds, use the form below. Fill in the boxes allowing 1 box for each letter, space and punctuation mark. Count 2 boxes for capital letters. Don't use hyphens at the end of a line (which contains 35 characters). Use additional form if more than 4 lines are requiredMinimum charge is $1.00 for 4 lines. For each additional line, add $.25. Multiply the total by the number of days the ad is to run. Subtract the discount for consecutive insertions (if applicable*). Mail the ad, with remittance (check preferred) to: Alligator Classifieds, Room 330, Reitz Union,' Gainesville, Florida, 32601. Deadline -3:00 pi. 2 days prior to starting day DO NOT ORDER BY PHONE 00000000 4c i 8 & CA 4 0.0000 a mW 4b I w CLz CA in -4 -4 0 z F -I F PNAo NOWI A REAL WINNER I GEORGE IGER 8188l PEPPIRDSTEVENIGELLES who holdsthe I YROUSE ddly key toth FRDS" NS-GUNS-GUNS -Students only-I 10% DISCOUNT on WAIT R ESS -Cashier -Hostess attractive coeds for part or full time work. Employee discounts, beautiful surroundings. Apply in personnel office 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Maas Brothers. (E-3t-104-C) WE DO NOT WANT MAGIC but a smart educated man can start career up to $6600 beginning salary. Company car or allowance for your car. Outside work, permanant with advancement program. Call Ed Simmons. Allied Personnell of Gainesville 1800 N. Main 376-4611. (E-5t-105-p) OFFICE GIRLS to type, keep bookd, handle clients and payments. Pay according to your ability. Call Helen Sullivan at Allied Personnel at Gainesville 1800 N. Main St. 376-4611. (E-5t-105-p) SECRETARIES Big Offices -Not so big tool Law-Insurance-Businesses and financial. The best attainable pay for the job you want in the office you enjoy. Cal Paul Grimes -Allied Personnel of Gainesville. 1800 N. Main St. 376-4611. (E-t-105-p) WANTED Secretary, must be experienced inmshorthand, and typing. Salary commensurate with abliity. Call Parks M. Carmichael. Scruggs, Carmichael and Tomason 376-5242, G'ville for interview. (E-5t-105-p) FRESHMEN & SOPH: NEED to EARN MONEY this summer? The Southwestern Co. will Interview college men this Thursday & Friday, April 3 & 4. See Placement Office JWRU Room G-22 for sign-up sheets. (E-5t-104-P) PERSONAL Tired of Rock Around the Clock? Listen to the smooth one -.WUWU radio. Dial 1390. Great music. news, sports, stocks, weather. (J-lt-05-p Experienced Script Writer(s) (Documentary style) Want to do a flick for the film festivals? Maybe we can work a deal. I put up equipment, filmstock and budget; you furnish the scripting. Call Dan at 3784532. (J-5t-105-p Carol Sue and Barbara, who talked acting with me in Little Larry's Wed. night; if still interested, call Dan at 378-4532. (J-2t-105-p) If you are planning to go to London this summer for 10 weeks & $315 you'd better hurry the deadline if Fri. 4:00 PM. Call 392-1655-310 Union. (J-1t-105-c) Female senior wants traveling companion to hitchike through Bavarian Alps and up through Scandinavia. Flexible itinerary. Sleep in hostels. Approximately June 23-August 25. Call 392-6015. (J-lt-104-P Qial 378-5600 and hear a taped message any time day or night. Message changes each Wednesday. Let Freedom Ring, 16 NW 7th Ave. (J-5t-104-P) Paid Political Adv. SERVICES NEED A PAINTER? Free estimates Professional Painting Interior and Exterior call after 5 or anytime on weekends 378-4855. (M-10t-105-p Alternators -Generators -Starters -Electrical systems tested repairs. Auto Electrical Service, 603 SE 2nd St. 378-7330. (M-tt-.uv-C) INCOME TAX $4 up. Expert service 2 locations to serve you; 1227 W. Univ. Ave. (across from Ramada Inn) & 107 N. Main St. 378-9666. (M-12t-104-P) Micanopy, Fla Ph 466-3340 stI su ent PRODUCERPro JectDUME R THE [I)FLIA WRIrEN N VIC COOK n MARCH 31 S APRIL I0 TUESDAY SPECIAL CHICKEN ALL YOU CARE TO EAT WEDNESDAY SPEAL CHICKEN STEW -DUMAPiNS49 DIORRISON S GAINESVILLE MALU I In H I M M I.I In on I I LM m guns and ammo. Bring this and your student I.D. card -offer expires April 5 1969 Harry Beckwith Gun Dealer ""0" .--man -"""mo"" -----" ---.---, ammies -e --" -----. """"" ----sammmm. 

PAGE 13

a W rite Your Own Fool's News by -WHY PATRONIZE GATOR ADVERTISERS? There are lots of good reasons. They are a special group of people, who advertise in our Gator because they like doing business with UF students, they deal in the goods and services that we specifically want, and they know this is the best way to get their message across to us. Most of all, their advertising contributes to The Alligator's -so441 so d ey s, M r-fThe-A44i-=gator gang as the editor and the staff. If we, the students, are the backbone of the university newspaper, then the advertisers are the life's blood. So do business with them. They're on our side. U I '-M Be a commercial pilot! NEW G. I. Bill pays for Flight Training -Call CASSELS IN THE AIR Area's only approved school 378-2646 WELCOME BACK -~NOW -~ T W H L A R 0 S H T c CHRIM -WTRACE.MK, INMYmm THEY HELD lw.THE FATE THE N DROPPED COLOR bye t e fr ii 9:15 COOiyttse UieArst 20 110 So A BUD YORKIN NORMAN LEAR COLORbyDex ntax ed pts L-7:20 & 11:00_ Tuesday, April 1, 1969, The Florida Alligator, Page 13 lla ammmm I BILL LOWERY TALENT, INC presents ENTERTAINMENT for Young America &clusively: The Tams Revue Classics IV Tommy Roe Joe South & The Believers Swingin' Medallions Billy Joe Royal Candymen Movers Sensational Epics Tip-Tops James Gang December's Children and many ohers. Call collect Ric Carley -Jack Martin (404) 237-6317 or 233-3962 or write P. 0. Box 9687 Atlanta, Georgia, 30319 .I W. Am. "Lesbianism in the movies has come a long way. The very latest word on the subject is 'The Killing of Sister George!' Beryl Reid spews out her words, many of them the four-letter variety, like a well-stoked furnace. Her performance is strong!" -MteenCarN. N_ Yorh DJy N-w 1o U. w. et $. These two lied agents must win World War I this week end .or dieE trying explosive drama of an Allied feamn parachuted into the rarianAps b ehind enemy lines during World War 1i. "Where Eagles Dare" AT 3:00 6:2Q9-94 TIN TM AUL BUTTER SPAE FATHER MALCOLM BOYD.HARPER'S BIZARRE PETER YARROW-THE ELECTRIC FLAG etc. THRU 3 "YOUARE WHAT YOU EAT" j TUES PLUS AT' GALEC tE M4:37:5 OLQUIES Ii HHOSE'S MOUTH ~~1 I 

PAGE 14

Pap 14, The Fiorida Aigator, Tuesday, April 1, 1969 .a.sRe '.RUNNING FOR GOVERNOR -0 'tics Graves Retires To -Politics By R. U. DONE Alligator Sports Editor UF Athletic Director Ray Graves announced his retirement late Monday effective immediately. The Head Football Coach and Athletic Director gave as his reasons for the sudden decision a desire to enter politics. "Now that I have reached the pinnacle of success in athletics, I feel it is thine to turn to other areas," Graves said. "Now that we have achieved such national prominence in sports I want to try my hand at running the state." Graves confirmed reports that he has thrown his helmet into the political arena and will be seeking the governorship in 1970. Immediate support was given by the NCAA and Ku Klux Kaln, but Graves will run on the New Party slate. "It is my desire to bring a winning season to the people of the state," Graves said. "We've got a lot of good people in this state, they're all real fine citizens, who can carry the ball." Graves was asked if he thought he could improve on his record at UF: "It will be hard, but I'll do my damnedest." M:E M::::a:2::::445::::::::$$$$$:55::%+::.: .-:::.:':.: :.::::::::'.::::;.:% --::---:::::::::: Zf SO qN, AP 68 Rat Opens On Roof By ANNIE FANNIE Agitator Staphe Writer Who wants to sit in a darkened Rathskeller and drink beer during Spring Quarter with all that beautiful sun outside? Eric Williams, "Rat" public relations chairman was afraid last quarter that not too many UF students would want to. So the combined efforts of the Rathskeller committee, the Reitz Union Board of Managers and the Student Government Roof Committee resulted in the UF "Rat on the Roof" during Spring and Summer Quarters. The much-agitated for union roof-top swimming pool, sun deck, and tennis courts on the fourth floor of the union were receiving "less than capacity use," Bill Rion, union director complained to Gary Goodrich, student body vice president, on Monday morning following Spring break. Goodrich called UF President Stephen C. O'Connell at 10 a.m. to discuss the problem of apathetic use of the facilities by the student body. O'Connell then called a meeting of the Rathskeller, Roof Top and Reitz Union Board of Managers, "the Triple R Committee, for noon in the Rathskeller. During the meeting over lunch at the Rathskeller, O'Connell called Governor Claude Kirk for approval of the "Rat on the Roof," which called for serving breakfast and lunch pool side on the fourth floor of the union. Kirk approved the plan provided the "Rat on the Roof' agreed to operate in the red and would not be in competition with the pool facilities at the Florida Gy'm. -JRe -liardsaid that Frauleins would rent bathing suits to Rathskeller members and their guests upon presentation ofdmembership cards, Da., and current registration. Steve says advertising raises prices. But how come that color TV set his fraternity just bought costs $300 less than it used to? Ten years ago, a typical 21-inch color TV set sold for $700. Today, you can get a comparable set for under $400. With a lot of improvements, to boot. Like automatic fine tuning. And less need for servicing. What brought the price down so dramatically? Many millions of dollars of advertising, mainly. Weren't there a lot of technological improvements, too? Yes. But they might have actually added to the price-without the vast increase in sales, and volume production, made possible by this advertising. Maybe you, like steve, think advertising raises prices, favors big outfits, helps keep useless products on the market. But actual cases prove just the opposite. Advertising lowers prices (like color TV.) Encourages competition. Promotes nen ideas. (Contac, for instance.) Helps the imaginative little guy catch up (like Diet. Rite ota, wio beat the big cola companies with a good product .and advertising. ) Interested? Write us. We'll gladly send soo more facts about advertising. You'll find they.speak for themselves. In the meantime, keep an open mind. ASSOCIATION OFINDUSTRIAL ADVERTISERS, 41 EAST 42nd STREET, NEW YORK, N.Y. 10017.1 NO 0 6 NO 0 0 04 New Head Has Groovy Plans By CHUCKLES Alligator Sports Editor "I'm very happy to be moving up to the UF," said new Head Football Coach Bill Peterson. "I already have plans for the Gators." Peterson said that Yon Hall would be torn down due to rampant athletes' feet that has occured in the dorm. He said that the players would be housed at the Ramada Inn while the new dorm is being built this summer. Peterson said he will bring over a few of his own boys from FSU to fill in at the weak positions in the Gator attack. "I shall bring a national championship home to the UF," said Peterson. "We'll be number one this season with most of my boys coming over to help out." 

PAGE 15

Tuesday, Apr1, IM, The FlorIdAiigu .o Page 15 'Pete' New Head Coach, Carlson Athletic Director By I.M. FINISHED Alligator Assistant Sports Editor UF President Stephen C. O'Connell didn't waste any time in naming a replacement for the Head Football Coach Ray Graves, who announced his retirement. Florida State University Head Football Coach Bill Peterson has accepted the position, O'Connell announced. "It is always a real challenge to move up to a new position of greater importance," Peterson said. "I've always wanted to try my hand at coaching bigtime football." Peterson assumes his new duties immediately during the spring practice session. "Sports Information Director Norm Carlson has been named the new Athletic Director for the UF," O'Connell said. "I will make the necessary adjustments immediately to insure a smooth takeover of my new administration," Carlson said. "Let me assure everyone that the machinery has already been set in progress to prevent a crisis situation now that Coach Graves has left." In his first move Carlson accepted Peterson as Head Football Coach and appointed Former Chairman of the Faculty-Athletic Committee Mandel Glicksburg to his old position of Sports Publicity Director. "It has always been my ambition to make UF sports No. 1 and now I can realize that goal," Glicksburg said. Assistant Head Football Coach Gene Ellenson immediately announced his resignation upon hearing of Graves decision and the subsequent developments. "If I can't play second fiddle to Ray Graves then I'm not going to play," Ellenson said. Albert To Point Alligator Service Basketball Coach Tommy Bartlett announced the signing of Albert the Alligator to a UF athletic scholarship today. "We think Albert will make a real fine point guard," said Bartlett. "He has real sharp 10m %* .N& .1 1222 NORTH MAIN ST. 9:30 AM-9:00 PM Mon-Fri NEW COACH 'PETE' .Peterson looks over his new crop football players Walk Enters Ring To Deliver Punch UF All-American Neal Walk has announced that he will not play professional basketball but plans to go into the ring. "I think I'm big and strong enough to beat any of those guys who claim to be the heavyweight champ," Walk said. Walk, who is six-foot-ten, 220 pounds, would be the biggest man to ever be heavyweight champ. "First I plan to dispose of Frazer and Ellis and then I'll go anywhere to meet that punk Cassius Clay, or whatever he calls himself," Walk continued. A training schedule is being worked up for the former UF cage star by Cus D'Amato, former Floyd Patterson Manager. "We need a white hope in America and I can deliver the punch," he said. "Besides this gives me another chance to do something for my people." How does Fiatdoit for the price? c F ia t .. 850 .. Spider $2271 This is the sporf car to see From the 3ertone bo6dy styling to the all-vinyl interior. Extras, too, at no extra cost. 4-speed synchromesh stick shift, dash-mounted tachometer, front wheel disc brakes, locking adjustable bucket seats. Test price it today! CRANE IMPORTS 506 E. UNIV. AVE. 372-4373 BE0$ STE St (Wi AK 1 5 H A KC I dent Special I th The Coupon) Our Regular 88t Steakburger Luncheon And Any 154 Drink $1.03 Value Only 854 plustax Steak n' Shake 1610 S.W. 13th St. Gaimsvid -m -f ---' --------I SPflING H AS SPRANG To GqS SPHIN DEEflRBUST FOR A BIG PITCHER TONITE --WHERE THE ACTION ISI Ia I= 46 lb tb 44 46*.O!I 46 1 04 #'0 lb & *,-#*** *;!44 lb NW 04 a i j i 4 

PAGE 16

Pags 16. The Florida Alligator, TuedW. AprN 1,969 Yon Men Not Like Other Boys By WELL DONE Alligator Sports Writer A recent revelation from secret SEC officials found that in a probing sex test conducted on all of the UF athletes living in Yon Hall over 99 percent of the players were Russian women posing as American males. .. UF football player and president of the Fellowship of Christian Athletic Association Rocky Doddridge was unavailable for comment after winning the Gay Nineties Chug-a-Lug Contest today. Alligator Sports Editor Marc Dunn, 22, announced his retirement today and recommended Chuck Partusch, 20, to take over his position saying that "New blood was needed to pump new life into Allig a t o r spor ts coverage". .22-year-old Bill Dunn, Marc's younger brother, said he hopes to follow in Marc's footsteps by accepting the position of Alligator Sports Editor Assistant -only a heartbeat from the editor's desk. UF SG official Rick Katz was recently named to the All-American Pansy Team for the fifth consecutive year -Katz said he was honored to accept the award for the UF's athletic pansy team (WE'RE NUMBER ONE). Slippery Fanny today was kicked off the UF's Track Team for a violation of the cigarette break rule -which states that a UF athlete may not smoke more than one cigarette during any one seven minute break period -Fanny pleaded with Track Coach P. T. Barnum Carnes promising to do all of his smoking off the track ... 0. J. Simpson, All-American football player from USC, announced that he was giving up football and going on the PGA tour. Athletic Director Ray Graves said today that all of UF's teams have agreed that theGator colors of orange and blue are definitely "out" this season and said the new "in" colors for all Gator teams would be shocking pink and chartreuse green. Golf Coach Buster Bishop announced today the signing of 580 lb. high school standout I. M. Fats to a UF scholarship Bishop said Fats would add needed weight to the team to round out his roster -especially on greens (TILT). Calling Bill Ballinger -"Is Jessy there". .. For all of you avid basketball fans, don't forget to send your "good luck telegras" to the NIT Gators at the New Yorker Hotel -the players are still waiting. ..one last interesting note -the grass is getting NEWFURMT AEnSOrE New UF Football Coach Bill Peterson announces the use of new offensive formations during Spring practice. Not sure what you want to do? Join the club. 0M ....".e. ... Du Pont Company Room 6688 Wilmington,DE 19898 I'd like your latest information on opportunities at Du Pont for graduates with degrees in Name University Degree Graduation Date Address City State 7ip Du Pont wants engineers who want to grow professionally. And we have great respect for the guy who'd like to "know more about it" be. fore he marries a specific kind of job. We even have a plan to help him. It's called "planned mobility"-a sort of intramural job hop. You don't get into a training program. You get into a job. If it doesn't fit you, or you it, you get into a second job or a fifth or a sixth, until you find the one you want to grow with. It gives you time to decide while you're broadening professionally. Ask the Du Pont interviewer about it. Ask him anything. He was in your shoes very recently. An Equal Opportunity Employer (M/F) College Relations 
