
PAGE 1

Constitution In Full SEE PAGE 2 Volume 52, No. 39 Department THE FLORID-I LLIGA University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida-Friday, April 1, 1960 Head In Programming By KIRK CALLAHAN and HARVE (GOLDSTIJN 'ator Staff Writer Resignation of the UF accounting department head in protest, to the methods of implementing a proposed curriculum change was announced this week. Dr James Lanham, accounting h-ad for 13 years. said WednesdH he resigned because the Colipe of Business Administration has approved a more liberal curriculum "without a proper adjustment period.' lanham said, "I approve ot the objectives of the curriculum. but I feel more time is needed for the accounting department to adjust to the proposed program." Lanham s resignation of March 21 was announced Tuesday by Donald Hart, dean of the College of Business Adminstration. Lanham will stay at his post until July 1. Hart Praises Lanham Hart regretted Dr. Lanham's dccison because of the 'Highly ORANGE PEEL TOPS, SAYS LAUGH GROUP The Florida Orange Peel has bern chosen as the outstanding college humor magazine in the country hy the National Laugh Fotindation. The choice %as announced byv George Q. Lewis, executive director of the foundation, In con.unction with the obse ance of the 13th annual National Laugh Week, April 1-8. It's Addis Again Re-elected editor of the Orange Peel recently wa% Hollywood sophomore Don Addis, who will te joined next fall by Bruce Thrasher. MJM from Coral tables and Bjsines'Manager Lot Pearlman, 3BA from West Palm Beach, 4 44#'444444 44 r The * PARKS Parks Calls Bloc System 'Dangerous' By BOB PARKS Independent Presidential Candidate Since all the other candidates are making political predictions I feel I should make mine. Before election day, the F-ree Thought Movement's candidate will have been coerced out of the campaign by the United Partv. This will be the result of one -partyism." Let's talk about this unique feature of UF student government -one-partyism. It is spawned by blocism and nuirtured by apathy' No Issues Or Candidlates It preys on representative government and completely devoids the political arena oi not only issues which are almost forgotten on this campus, but candidates. Witness the candidates for the office of Chancellor and Clerk of the Honor Court. and SecretaryTreasurer of the Student Body. effect% e job he hfs done in the 13 veais he has ben here The proposed umvuoumn included an el-igh-lour jun!: >Irse replacmig C-42. English proficiency requirements. and noic study 0 economic sta stics and the behavioral sciences on an upper dilision lcvel Hart -aid the neil progi-all probahl% would he instituted in Septembler, 1961. if approved by the I nlersityCurriculum Committee. the Facuity Senate and ( the ,ard of Cont DR. JAMES LANH S. .ResiE Pan-Am Week Q Entries Due Toda, Entries for the Pan' Queen contest must ben m. today. The queen will reign nual UF Pan -America April 11-15. She will be s 7:30 p.m .April 7. in th Union Auditorium and presented at the Interna lent Show the following This year's queen will ed a free trip to Bog'ota hia. accommodations spo the Hotel Tequendama, travel by Avian-a. Candidates NEWTON Newton Cites 'Hidden Bloc' Behind Parks By MILLER NEWTON Free Thought Presidential Candidate One of the essential purposes of the formation of our third partv movement was to show how just a few people without any bloc support could have an inpact on the campus. We formulated this idea and presented it in the Alligator long before the mass bloc shifting occurred and long before the Alled Party found themselves without a candidate Late Coier Mimic Then suddenly a gentleman appeared 15 minutes before the qualifyng deadline and claimed he was -;andang for simi:lai ideas to ouis We had planned in our campaign not to critically discuss the other candidates or parties. But events have forced us to do hius since we feel the student body is being fooled. Bob Parks i plural, claims he Quits Dispute Lanham said the new program should be undertaken over two or threee years. He felt this time was necessary for the Accounting department to adjust. Additional Credit ''Accounting graduates under tre proposed curriculum will hai e to take six hours of accounting beyond minimum degree requirements to qualify for the ,t r.t .A -I iAPPLWEATION -~ D I IE Reitz To~ New Recipe EAiGE 4 Lm -Edition Sa ys Political Fndorses Aft aA state Certified PU blic Accountant's exam,11esidue Lanham.FOR WHAT? -The exam." said Lanham. Ms nvriyo lr a u t The Florida Board of Accoun-iss University of Flortancy requires CPA exam appliida contest, says Delta cants to meet specific academic ta m R a nn i n ero requirements. The present curritant, Ruthann Lind from culum allowfor accounting maNew Yo'rk City. The jors to qualify to the CPA exam blonde freshman is calA A U P SU j upon graduation. ling to all campus beau. Lanham emphasized that no anties to register today to -t r t t yBy HARR Y imosity exists between him and compete in next Friday's Gator Editort Hart, who endorses the program. talent show and Satur-r There is just a conflict in ideas day's bah n i f auppotical Up eside on how changes should be intro. y faculty political paiticipati duced,'' said Lanham. wear and personality Wednesday night at a meetin A change in curriculum has judging in Silver Springs. tion of University Professors been considered for several years (Photo by Sam JohnIn other action, a unanimous re~ by the business faculty. ston.) solution labeled present policies of Too 4uch Specialization the Board of Control regarding po litical candidacy and activity of 'We have felt that students Heart Disease faculty members "unsound" and have been allowed to specialize I "a violation of the rights of the too much. Too much emphasis in Ruled in Death faculty as citizens" AM on 'how' to do things rather than AAUP Presict~o Frederick gns Post 'why'," said Hart. A 31-year-old graduate students Hartmann announced Dr. Reitz "The College plans to continue, was found dead in her apartment had endorsed the principal of to work closely with the Florida staff members participating in Ueen Institute of Certified Accountants Wednesday by her neighbor. politics provided it would not in and other professional accounting Lut K Leibowitz, 6 ED. of 824 terfere with their duties. IY organizations. NW 11th Ave., died of a heart Dr. Reitz also favors leaves of American "The College will continue to disease, an autopsy showed. Death absence in cases where campaign-: n by 5 p, strengthen the professional comcould have happened as early as ing might interfere with faculty petency of its accounting 3tU' Sunday or Monday, it was reportresponsibilities. Hartmann added.! dents," Hart added. ed y yOther Universities Allow at the an-, A native of Galesburg, ill., she A report denvered by Charleal n Week, came to Florida almost two years D. Farris, chairman of a subelected at ndia Offi oago. She has been working on her committee studying the problem, e Florida;doctorate and was holding a sturevealed 18 of 21 universities comwiloIa Dr. H. R. Halder, first secredent assistantship here. parable to the UF allow to have Tabetary of the India Embassy, will Misa Leibowitz was recently a allowed candidacies for at least tonal speak Monday at a Hub luncheon. patient at the J. Hillis Miller some political office. night. The noon luncheon, sponsored Health Center because of her The present Board policy conbe awa-dby the International Student Orheart disease. tributes to "political demoralizaa, Colomganization as part of InternationShe was found in bed at 11:30 tion and apathy among faculty nsored by al Week, will be in the Blue Room a.m. Tuesday. She has last been' members" and deprives the loand will of the Student Service Center. seen on campus Sunday. cal community of "access to a Admission is $1.25. reservoir of talent and expertise upon which it would be desirSeminole Staff Open able to draw." It also contributes to 'retualStaff applications for the edistic. one -sided. meanintp'1 t Speak * PARK Park Names Major Issues In Campaign By BOB PARK United Party Presidential Candidate Six campaign issues the opposition must face, issues Allen Poole and I are taking into the dorms. 1i -United hasn't changed its name, presidential candidate or goal of SERVICE. Since the campaign began we haven't been playing games with your student government. 121 -United has been the victim. not the source of fratern:ty power politics. See The F!orida Alligator. March 22. Has Full Slate i3s -United is organized to accept responsibility for a complete student government program. A $300,000 per year business cannot be run on a piecenieal, here -a -candidate, there -a -candidate basis. 4United's platform is specific and practical. United will work to let freshmen and sophotorial aldeof the Seminole will be available in room 9, Florida Union, M o n d a y, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday from 2:30 to 4:30 p.m. Interview appointments can be made the same time applications are picked up. Participation Principle r A ctivity, Vs at Meet s. RAPE lal Assistant nt Dr. J. Wayne on demands was Lg S. Reitz for revealed of the American Asssocia* Politics Bar Is Unique Policy, Report States Unique -that's the AALP's description of the 1oard ot Control "no-politics" rule. Compared with policies of 21 comparable universities, the rule stands alone in prohibiting all faculty political candidacy, concluded a report delivered by Charles D. Farris. Present policy appears to be; based upon the Board's statutory ule -making power, the "Little Hatch Act" and a Florida attorney-general opinion, the group reported. Policy Interpreted FRANTIC FROLICKER-Judy Coleman, 2UC from Cincinatti, has pushed her interior designing texts aside to prepare for spring frolicking. Prim and pert, she puts on finishing touches as her date probably waits patiently for her. (Photo by Myron Persoff.) Frolics 'Springs' Morgan, Elgart By ANDREA ARTHUR Gator Stnff Writer Les Elgart .livP Moigan and "tlie gri a fiverm n ii nm As it is now interpreted a tawould nmostlike 1,r). datta meet al 9 p mn. toricght im Florida m calty member should be permitted, for 1960 s Sprinig Frolics. to becom p candidate for nubhic' 1, %11 ML"1AO ILJVC VleeL a pLCW U elections -not as an occasional, office and to campaign for it. T ante-Fariav Cound d but as a regular event," said FarHe should be allowed "to vote, wll transioi m Flonda gym ito TiktS are geig sold tod' hv ris. and express himself concerning a Greek temple fo Frolics, wj Tri Delta members in the S1i. Hartmann said the Board's aphis political ideas in relation tOi classic columns and (iGreek letters dent infornatnin Booth across parent Willingness to reconsider any matter or candidate, short of lining the walls. from the Hub, and wIll also be athe political prohibition rule is a soliciting votes" and to make vol. Miss Fraternity of I0hO and her vailahle at the door. See REITZ, Page 3 See POLITICS, Page 8 five-member court will be announced during the floor show. Choseni S on the basis of personaly and3N e sn Proposed Constitonal Rev o I attractiveness, she will b the grl a fraternity man would most Will Appear Ae b Ky -6 dlike o date." Arai F2vnrnII hv Kavm'IiI2I-PaFnc .th adand $btltIn J-B Week heard by students for $3.0, ac-, More. than .31 professionais ars By JIM MOORHEAD date, said, "Students who ne"By adding representatives cording to Chairman Steve Reto speak to Journalism and BroadGator Staff Writer glect to carefully study the revi-(f'rom the various living areas." he naldi. 'The price of tikeLs Re-,castig students in the seernd anUnanimous favor of proposed sions are doing a great injustice! said, "student government will be naldi said. "i txed at frity n cents student body constitutional revito student government. They, by brought closer to the students and f. nual Journalsm -Broadcastng sion was revealed in a Sunday poll neglecting to take action are dewill give students better represenforeachI expet tancamment Week, April 25 to 28. by the Alligator of six key adpriving the governmental machintation." Renali expects the danceTop men and women the ministrative and student governery of a modenizing long overChairman Ralph Carey tun about s('0 n thc red. -We eld, of newspaper ment leaders. due." Ralph Carey, chairman of the; usudliy ma :e a profit from FaI I The poposed amendments w'il He said the three most signifiConstitutional Revision CommitFrolcs he said. xt ong. broadcasting and publ:': rebe ----aenmetswsaid roi "T''he smost inxptaiting tatlations will lead discussions and be voted on by students in next cant revisioms involved acquisiI tee said. "Thelmostfimportantnsin-,messinftespakns drg ted dwse T election tion of a moie streamlined stugle reason why the new constitu-speak during the week I Thursday's election. for BroadcaaingreasMrndmy Ap Free Thought Movement president government, strengthening of tion must be approved is to make sirIng metns less money for Broadcastig DayMcndayvApdential candidate Miller Newton the Executive Council, and pro-,student government a representasp-og Hi. -r. 25 has scheduled Mattii w said, "We urge all students to vote' visions for smoother functioning tive body for al-l areas of camFrater-ntv members ae uIIJoc) Culligan, director and genin favor of the amendments. between the executive and legislapus ged fift 'ens ;en uo epei. eral corporate e'eeutive of Mc"These amendments are real intive branches. He said every living aiea would dents. according to Renaldi. be.Cenn-Er:ckson Advertising Agensues and should concern all stuStudent Body President have friom one to three represencause of their worry: on the event cY dents as they are a definite step Student Body President Joe Ritatives in the new legislative and because tue <-t s purchase: Culiugan, paz,: vice president det ste r adfnt tpn atu i opio'' rtrt mm tNtoa racsigntok toward better government." pley said, "The revisions are decouncil. thereby creating "a truly is compulsot A tratermty memof National Broadcasting network, signed to provide a better chain deliberative body in which the ber suppoi , ur is eight times! innovated the "NBC Hot In' Crnof direct contact between students problems in all areas of campus while he is at the Universitv" trol Box" which can bring to the From United Party candidate and student government." would be aired." Renaidi said air on-thescene 'reports from corBob Park came the contention Ripley contended that 7'epresenrespondents anywhere in a frw that students who want better reptation from living areas would, seconds. presentation in student government arouse interest. that "a vote for James Buchanan, M.arni Herwill get it if the new constitution the constitutional revis:ons is a ald reporter who spent 14 days in passes. vote for more representative stuCuban jails last Dercember, w l "Puthing livtng-area represendent government." speak at th' Newspaper Day ImLatives in the Executive Council Dean Hale cheon. is the biggest step forward in mo-. Buchanm we .j o. b ,lrern:er Deant of Mlen Lester Hae cai-j dernizing student government Dau of ten Suenteral Eha-Fidel Castro for allegedly aiding since before World War IIhe an escaped political prisoner. said. ation Committee. considered the Other personalities will include Independent Parks Bob Parks, Independent candiproposed change from an ex,,ecutive to a legislative council the most significant of the revisions.1 9 A MA Kent Cooper, former Assoctated Press generAmanager, John F. White, president of the National .Educational Television Association, and Joy Reese Shaw of The 141 UV9TVI UP U I OWMUVIJ I am I unimomtaumumuamentalumumansmucumumnimumnonimunonommatomennumumni I JL He 

PAGE 2

Page 1 THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR, Friday, April 1, 1960 ere s To :t of Proposed ow Constitution V ARTICLE y. have at least one representative. One-college or school in which he is not al The Laws of the Student Body shall succeeds to Vice-President and then to the University; shall sign all requisitions eted upon approval of two-thirds of the whether C EU7RAGE AND ELECTIONS third of said members shall be designsstudent at the time of election be recorded and indexed in a journal President. The President then appoints a on said funds on orcer of the Legislative Legislative Council members present at Cations. o Section 101. Qualifications for Voting. ted off-campus representatives, and pro No councilman shall, during his term, maintained for that purpose by theSe Secretary of Interior who succeedsreasurer may veto a Council meeting approval of the Same. vided that the off-campus living area of office, hold any other office of the Stu retary of Legisttive Affairs the office of Vice-President. a budget by the next regular meeting President and Treasurer of the Student In the ab Section 11. Method of Voting. shall include all students living offdent Body, or of any subsidiary organiSection 210. Transaction of Business If the office of Treasurer of the Student of the Legislative Council whereupon oly, and approval of the President of herein pr Same. campus and all students living in frazation, whose officers are elected in a (used to be section 207) Body becomes vacant, such vacancy said budget shall become law upon twothe University or his designated admin, to-thl' Section 10 .Responsibility for Electernity, sorority, and independent living general election. A majority of the members of the shall be filled by a succession of the thirds approval of the Legislative Council istrative officer, provided that failure eons. organizations, and further provided that Section 207. Meetings. (Used to be secLegislative Council on the rolls shall Secretary of Finance to that office, or members present. and generally assit Of any one of these bodies tO approll' council l h The Secretary of Elections, etc. a member must continue to reside in tion 205) constitute a quorum to do business, but ill the event of his inability to serve, by the President in the conduct of the gov said changes in the Student Bod Bidiet Appca Section 104. Time of Elections. the area from which he was elected or The Legislative Council shall meet on a smaller number may be ?uthorized appointment of the President of the Stuernment. shall constitute a veto which cannot be one pol Fall Elections shall be held on the third forfeit his seat in the Legislative Counalternate weeks on a day to be designatto compel the attendance of absent dent Body, with confirmation of two-thirds overridden. c Thursday cffer firat-seLesaer classes el the vacancy to be filled as set forth ed by the Council at their first meeting members in such manner and under such Of the membership of the Legislative 4RTICLEI Section 505. Surplus Fundan appli commence elsewhere in this Constitution. An onafter taking office. The day of the meetpenalties as the Legislative Council may Council at a regular or special meeting. THE DI All undesignated aid unbudn consent a In case of conflict of the above With campus living area shall be defined as ing shall remain the same for the entire provide. If there is created, in any office a Setion 401. Judicial Powers. unspent at the end of he fiscal ear Section school holidays, the 'Legislative Council that area governed by a living area term of office, provided that this shall A majority of the Legislative Council vacancy and this article provided only AJune 30 for th regular se,ion and a Im t I sll$, designate, by a two-thirds vote of council.I not apply to a day when school is not members present shall be required to that such vacancy shall be filled by sucoth nenal and civil. 'hall be vested in the end of summer se,ion for the thW members present. another' date. Section 203. Time of Elections. I in session because of a holiday or to pass all regular business, provided that cession of another named officer, and ale Honor Court and such other trsummer acount,Ihill resert, Thlt i Spring Elections shall be held on the Members of the Legislative Council final examination days. all business vetoed by the President of there is no such named officer, then in 'unals as are established by the L9i surplus acont etablihed lor tht pll, 11.01 e fourth Thursday after second-semester' who are elected from tre colleges and Section 208. Powers of the Legislative the Student Body or the Treasurer of that event the Legislative Council shall native Council. provided, however, thatTy allrInd tjh, classes commence. schools shall be elected in the spring Council. the Student Body shall require approval immediately call a special election to he eis ve council no mito deseTing actnites as te Legisla t Section 105. Vacancieselection.I The Legislative Council shall determine of two-thirds of the Leoislative Council fill such vacancy. the jurisdiction of the Honor Court as ive Council sees fit by a majority vote i Delete. Members of the Legislative Council its iles and procedures, punish its members present to pass Section 306. Powers and Duties of the provided itisConsutinCnd ilprees fitheyTreajrrt fvte DeTCLE.Iwho are elected from the living areas, members for disorderly conduct, and, with At the rePiest of one-fifth of th' mem President. Student Body, except in thecaseo of chosenhir THE LEGISLATURE shall be elected in the fall elections. concurrence of two-thirds of the members present. the Secretarof the CounThe President shall be the chief execSection 402. Members of the Honor The Florida Alligator The Smme r G,Section 201. Legislative Power. Section 204. Election of Members. bership, expel a member. ci shall enter in the journal the yeas utive of the Student Body; sign all meaCourt. tor. The Seminole. The Oranni Peel Alineg.slative powers of the Student Members of the Legislative Council, The Legislative Council shall canvass and nays of the members on any ques. sures passed by the Legislative Council, Same except delete summer session and The "F" Book where ich-The m Body shall be vested in a Legislative elected in the spring, shall be elected by all student body elections in the first tion. provided that any such veto shall be Honor Court. and Th rer Bo wh ih h Council, provided that the Legislative a plurality of their respective constituweek following such elections on the day Section 211. Subsidiary Organizations. made before the next regularly scheduled Section 401 Flection and Terms of04 eseraelFundpridedth aho 1n v, encies of the week the Legislative Council usThe Legislative Council nhall have meeting of the Legislative Council, and Office, above rplues pexcludinI the bec Council may delegate legislative powers Ie ually meets, and shall be the sole judge the power to charter such subsidiary further provided that any vetoed meaparagraph 1 -Same ayb e p uransfesrredtiooth -ceptions, nO those subsidiary organizations as may Members of the Legislative Council. of the election returns and qualifications organizations as it ma" deem necessarsures shall become law upon approval para. 2-The members of the Honor th d iof the L c sa udC aT need said power in order to function for elected in the fall, shall be elected by a of all members of Student Government for the proper functioning of the Eovern of two-thirds of the members present at Court of the reular e ,ion shall take dirtion o t adixe Council. the general well-being of the Studentf plurality of their respective constituenand subsidiary organs roit se elected in ment or the general well-being of the i regular or special meeting of the office on the day follow te canvasOd furdsr ro thPltiiburement shal ie Body, and further provided that no law cis, provided that in the Fall Election su general elections and determine 'tudent Body Such orqa lizationo h ma council; call and preside over all meethse g of election results by the Legislaunds from the Publications Reeserve summer of any type passed by the Legislative a student can vote only in the area in the validity ofany amendments appearderive financial suunoort from the Stuings of the studenttbody; take care that tve Council folowin. theiletin, ndFund shall be sublect ive maori, aprI Th of Council shall be construed to limit or which he Is a resident and furtherpr' ialPycfroe errechutlrvlOfheLgsfeCunl promodify' any of re powers granted by vided that he may vote for olyc one of ing on the ballot, dent Body through the Finantce Liu, en-.all provisions of this Constitution, and hl ev froeya, rec ni roya of toLgiteerconci.po-teO to i onetate otefro his Legislative Council shall refuse d by the Legilative Council the laws of the Student Body are faithhis respective iiccessor shall qualify Pubicati Reto ten pe cent of the be chose ttis Constjtutiothe representatives nominated from any such office-holder as specified The legislative Council shall have sole fully executed: appoint all committees para. 3-Delete-. Ursed e Fmnd mapr beedt Section m 2. CompositIon of the Legarea. In this section who has not comnlI not provided elsewhere in this Consttupara 4-Delete. n nied pont maritauiipron l sectfth IsaieCren eto 0Seieoctkn fie adcmlt omrb rn. eoeo oadOondntPfl~~n slative Counci -with the election laws as enacted by the aneot.cand c e w th tion. which he may deem necessary etc. Section 04. Anc in the Office The legislative Council of the regular (Used to be section 2N) Legislative Council, which shall be the terms of those suhdiar orenitior The President shall have the power to Chancellor or Clerk. ARTICE VI PURI AiONS I matters session shall be composed of the followTre members of the Legislative Counlaws of the Student Body. e at e Bar o nt call Special meetings of the Legislative Add to this section Vacancies among Section6 election of Officers mplid ing: cil shall take Office the day following The Legislative Council shall act by lided that te Board of Sdent PuCouncil; require the written interpretsthe jurists shall be filled from the aI The editor and bIsiness manager o da Alis A. Forty members to be elected in the the canvassing of election results by laws and resolutions provided that reso f-insanlor ofa ati tudre BIviod iouncb the ContuionorC if any aprets-epr, priae colleges by appointment of the The eior d si TemngeThAS spring election. One member shall be the Legislative Council, as provided elsel lutionqprodined a xres finacal -umnort of the tudnt ton byfthe Con on orof any proviionnThe rlori a Al. T e u m ri, The n emnol, seats apportioned by the Secretary of where in this article. lution shall e defined as expresion can e abo ed on)' b two-thirds aOLaw of the Student Body, or of LegislaSeteon 405. Duties of Members e "Peel The Slmmer ate. o d.o lect on asia nd eny tudnt elgile twvoter saibe ne Legislative Council shall have the B Tea suer of tehet et dih ua inooratineneay ee Te usties may, ,duon rem mendsincumbent Boar tdnt x i emong the colleges and schools. provideligible to hold office as a councilman, p r to enact laws of thCtudenthanody va oth ridernte iirThe Bonkrshnllberi tdentrdnof emiert ed that within the meaning of this seeprovided that any such student who has provided no bill may become law unless The officers of the subsidiarV oraniza ncssay for he proper functioning of lion OFathe Chancellor. b a mds rlori an .pr of tetd onoi(C t, .faftei tion the freshman and sophomore clasbeen a member of the student body at presented to the Legislative Council the ions provided for in this section t ont or te general wel-beio ei apov beh orimnd orloss of hearing the recommendations of the in. manner o es shall be considered colleges, and least one semester shall havermaintaine meeting Prior to enactm ent, andaen hgseeiert e of e t n B ;m e ho ce fr h o n o e p t e a g md t s f e n l O i B. Thirty members to be elected in a "C" or better average for his total frh r ta ecito. ciiuor od .ltho u.,h teai-nd lo-e records of the Treasurer at any Hon r Cou t in its proceedings Penal' umbent ditor and B usgirss ana~i ger of appokidifn further Inat a dtuce:tfill withiqconcurrence ofhabmajor-nties levied tnder the authrity of thi the stdent publication cinerconstru-ek tion the fall election, provided that two-thirds period as a member of the Student Body. analysis of said bill must anear in The the "ener studert bo( ele"io it of th l gwi lconicurrence o a major section may be appealed to the Honor ton. Ainy of of said members shall be apportioned by No councilman, elected in the fall elecFlorida Alligator before the bill's final The Legislative Councl shl have nol present, any vacany occurring ime Court Board of Masters, eurthe provided that the managgn the Secretary of Elections n the basis tioll from a living Area, Shall be elected eatmnPower to nas, an" law or chrte, re ru-ne, fteHnr( u, IAledtro h loiaAlgtr.Teriyb of population, among the several onto represent an area in which he Is not The Legislative Council shall have sole vision restrtcfin freedom of exressen I m ip o oie o a ru d inc re twerp owerthoHrequire Cuinessel mo .The Florida Aligator.d Th pmyte campus living areas exclusive of fraa resident at the time of election. and complete power to control disburseexcept of an obscene nature in an stu by charter or elsewhere in the Constituappear, but no wines shall be reOrange Peel be chosen In the same lx oIi ternity and sorority houses, and further No councilman, elected in the spring ment of the funds of the Stdent .ody den pblication. lil ur to test f against himself. I manner Buotdrvdfo h tietAtv unqured tolori602.QuaifictionnforOffce.mselTef. provided that each living area shall election, shall be elected to represent a deet derived from the Student ActivNopcharterpro-i-on existing before Setion .-e i Section 407. The Honor Code. cat suTilt-cPr _________________________________________________________ tyFe.adoption of the onstttion or rcrete, h 3), dumSaameffcrs. Qihfcti or each Publication ofIJut c The incoming Legislative Council, by hereafter shall be construed to limit or The President shall appoint, with con-4 Sam. fice which follows are in addition to the cil a su a majority vote, shall decide all tie modify any of the powers of the eisla cuIrrence of a majority of the LegislaSection 408. The Honor Sem. qualifications required of the President tee whiu' COFFEE AND CONVERSATION elections of the student body. live Counci granted in this secTon or' tive Council members on the rolls, the Same, 4.PthJrP of dnecessar AND ONV RSA IONThe Lgsatv onclsal pr ve anCothenctiornteofinthis c nn lor, 'folowing administrative officers who Section 409. Penal Jutr .'iction of the O the Student Rod%-. 'tesr Legislative Council shall approten any other seoion of this Constiirt Candidates for editor must have comSae.ce~t-~stf of the pulcton frt to OVER CANDLELIGHT AT THE all Special Contracts of the student body. shall be responsible to him for the onSet 10Pae ted atleast in Smester on theed. theprc Members of the Legislative Council. AP CTT execution of their duties and subject to -toria staff of the publicatn fO t th CONTINENTAL COFFEE HOUSE elected from living areas. hall, upon TH EXFCUTIVF remoal from office by him: Secton1 Penaltie-. consent of their respective area counSection 301. Executive Power. (1) A Secretary of Academic Affairsa. ame.0eht ta ofmher scsier ator hedl Jiulst uc6 N.E. 1st AVE. cils, sit as non-voting members of the All the executive powers of the' student s dS:me. 'al staff of The Summer Gator shall Just'" UNTIL 1 A.M. -3 AM. FRI. SAT. area council arid act as liaison officer .tfc d hae S be Beodassite s den o a. be responsible for all projects perCd. Delte 'not les than' in ine 3 onlri s Arand fumter n Ted functions between student government and their: of the Student training to student academic' affairs. Section 411. Confidential Nature of Florida And4ator. and fiorther Trvide d A"l iliving area council. h President and a Treasurerob. be responsible for all activities reInformation. RT l candidate r fT e Section 209. Organization and ProceBod.-, provided that the Legislative Counlated to student-facult' relations Samemi. m hath cOmpleted one seme shallI), durarid Vacancies (used to s cil may delegate executive powers to '2) A Secretary of elections, hIoae ectin 412. Penal Hesrings n ihe editoriator 20r be section those subsidiary organization as may edty it a412.ePen:l amipIuilstaffof anywho'-shal The Vice-President shall serve as the need said power in order to function for dt. s herve all sabe t. am. 413. Penal eci'ees ldidate for managing editor mlesi F ofmn presiding officer of the Legislative Coun.the general well-bein Ayof theA rtyudent a.s al s n b ody ections.t cl. Bx dv .(3) A Secretary of Finance, whose duty 1 am e. 1" n t' t I. .I on seiflste r on I shall, be Sto 302 Election of Executive it shall he to: Section 414. Civil Jurisditin M diitori Tnff Ofthe uhfor-sall be The Council shall elect, by a majority c ion an fand a-d. Same Honor Court.nhe -heing considerel, provided in te F vote of the members present, one of ficers. .r. -a (4) A Secretary of Interior, whose duty same. I.c. Iimn., sIt o t -ii ul its members to act as the Recording The Presient and essinstuden it shall be to:se 4r Gt Secretary of the Council, whose duty it hssa tSections r5.sslectionrsputirh-uthe -ffofre rs m 'h' tioni ul will be to take the minutes of the Leg body shall be chosen in the spring elec -be responsible for iu hProper suPeroo C. -rIda Alligator ti,-tt v Ilative Council, keep the attendance rolls, tin by a plura vote he Stu dentviion and execution of the student acSameUto himillu Vaianc and see that the minutes of the meetingBd in such a manner as shall be pre cicent and health program: uperviel THE TRAFFIC' COURT h. P br dte i a ti'.vlc'r itth i t are mieogrhaphed byn s the Mda e-n scribed in the laws of the Student Body anv and all insurance of student govern-j Setin 416. Composition of the ( ourt. on ef "teui t (asi o ne s-mesler and they shall serve for one year, exment property: be directly responsible' The Court shall consist of a Chief Jut forwhichhe ben itde r erolin th ceding xrcluding summer session which is provided for the proper execution and sperviSion tice and Clerk, to be appointed by the d th tw mber g consid on d, Pro LegIslative Council. for elsewhere in this Constitution. but of insurance purchases with student fees. President of the Student Body -and a bsiethattwo osThummer On o r 'AllI The Legislative Council shallhv a-allHhI I Legislative Rules Committee cshaved further provided that the President and (5) A Secretary of Labor, whose duty number of justices to he nominated by Uso e a I rtaff of The Summer Gatr CcomposedVice-President of the Student Body shall it shall be to: ithe President and approved by maThe F aliila to r an t etri[ 1% andtwo members of the majority party be elected on a joint ticket. a-b. Same. 'jority tote Of the Legislative Council. di or bndurhes man and one member from the minority Section 303. Time of Taking Office. If6 A Secretary of Legislative Affairs, There shall be between three and seven ag d that eand date or iniomon f x party who shall appoint the standing The regular session offers shall offi whose duty it shal be to: justices, the exact n'umber'to he dro h o m whoseiutyeieshallbehto Cusnces, tenexathnumbrato etde.Pited at lasAoeseese o te 'K committees of the Council and who shall dally take office on the day following j .record and index all laws of the termined under the laws of the Student biined staff fan sterri on the i' fill, with majority approval of the Counthe canvassing of the election results by student body. Body. public) a ffotionan aUhoried campus AVAILABLE NOW cii members present, all vacancies the Legislative Concil. b. present to the Legislative Council Section 417. Powers and Duties. tiltsAtio.of han the Legislative Council provided that a Section 304. Qualifications for Adminall legislation proposed by the executive The Student Traffic Court is hereby Above these requirement selection of A Atvacancy in a college or school shall be istrtiveand executive officers, branch of student government. established to hear and dispose of a iublicafion officers shall be made at t It filled With students, who, at the time Each administrative or executive ofc, serve as chairman of all committraffic and parking violations falling Bdisc tion of te Publication Electoral of the spring eleetlon, shall have been ficer named in this article shall. at the tees concerning revision of the Student within its jurisdiction Bchn.' a member of the appropriate college or time of election or appointment. hare Body Constitution, By-Laws, or CharThe Court shall be responsible for the hOse candidates shall be chosen onh ag,, I hool, and further provided that, a a s.c hoatcaeaeo tlat-, o e collection of allfisan the I-op rofm aon those who hve -i'Ile e rtso n's Jew ele rsa n selected from a list of three his total peod as a meberOf theid. serve as chairman of all commit-triat of all falingwthintheiud ffquaificationsfor tnos'hl recommended by the area coun-Student Body, which shall exceed one tees concerning liaison between student tion. Such Jurisdiction shall be estaapafficion ar uhnditt the" snsuTc cidofthe living ara iny whc arvacancy semester, and shall not, during etc. government and the state or national lished by the President of the Unversierualfi tboardemasymie ti h skills. elcate. 211 W. University Avenue exists. Section 305. Vacancies. legislatures, ty. dsy ma-ee duch ie il If the office of President of the Student 7 A Secretary of Men's Affairs. who The Court shall hold such open hear 'At its atn direction and fudte le-pol' hll lI'll: Body becomes vacant, such vacancy shall shall be selected from a list of three ings as are necessary to insure proper vied that al candidates sele,d, ( |fAnswers in Tuesday's Edition) be filled by a succession of the Vicequalified students which shall be subhandling of all cases and to protect the President to that office, mitted to the Student Body President by defendant's right to a speedy trial. "A If the office of Vice-President of the the Men's Council. and who shall perSection 418. Term of Office. N 01Student Bodybecomes vacant, such vaform the following duties and functions: All members of the Court shall serve Cany shall be a succession of the SeSaAe. Same. for 2 term to run c KcurenIi wi retary of Interior to that office. 8) A Secretary of Organizations, whose that of the Pesident of the Student In the event that a vacancy occurs in duty it shall be to: Body ON THE GULF OF M both the Vce-President's office and Seca-f. Same. Section 419. 1acancieOs. 2 3 A 5 7 S 9 10 11 retary of Interior, the President shall g. serve as a voting member. Union Should a Vacancy occur, it ill e For free information: ACROSS DOWN appoint a Secretary of Interior who then Board of Student Activities, provided filled by the proper procedure Outlined Write Siesta Ke Chamber succeeds to the office of Vice-President. that he may send a representative in in Section 416 above and such appoint1. Kind of 1. Springsville 12 13 In the event vacancies simultaneously his absence. ment shall he for the remainder of the Siesta Key nBosesiies .It'ot"phrtiwe -occur In both the offices of President, -Sae.unexpired term.SiestaK 6Brdsein to(dwar.i) when Vice-President and Secretary of Interior, (9) A Secretary of Public Relations, Section 420. R evenue. Samson, FlOrid Bernstet (vi'.) you cut in 15 the Legislative Council shall call a whose duty it shall be to: All money taken in by the Court 8. This was the special election to fill the vacancy of shall be deposited n ith the Treasurer every he thing in Roma President and Vice-President. (10) A Secretary of Religious Affairs, the Student Bo. for use by student.Is. What you are A state or 17gIs In the event a vacancy should occur (hO c rGis e ent B fy t to Pop until building in both the offices of President and Vicea-g. Same ARTICLE V. FINANCE you work 5. To be (Freneh) President, the Secretary of Interior first (11 A Secretary of Student Activities, was article VI'. -s dvertsed m "s s6A kind of creek 20 21 22 2 whose duty it shall be to: Section 501. Disbursement of Student ILTeadguyIn 7. Gives In ARE K )La. serve as chairman of the Board of Body Funds. 16 h ad E Yii without a word a. s r e a W.TeternStudent Activities, whose function it The Tegislative Council shall have sole EsernS.White rain? 4EN GHT2 26 shall be to plan and coordinate actvi-1 and complete power to control disburse.:NEW KE \ 17. Engin dr ok 9. Where Inflation 14 ties in the manner prescribed in the i men of the funds of the Student Rod'a7oesed pays o ld Board of Student Activities Law of the| in accordance with the Student Body ln-10 What alibis and 27 2r asBordo Student ysAsctvit isaao com-I Budget, said funds being derived fromcarafesshould plete well-rounded yearly program of the StudentActivity Fee, which is the do student activities, and provided further total sum of the separate fees listed in Laesle SL.Members of b 9302 that composition of the Board of Stu. the Student Body Finance Law. 8. Terd for Lambes Club? dent Activities shall be: Section -502. Collection of the Student. -. --.-. .de rs ? 18. Makes like the Secretary of Student Activities. Body Funds. SL.o s bkw coffee 33 34 d s2 two faculty members appointed by Same except change from Exeutuve 34. Tn dl a trd 19. Olive drabs, the President of the Student Body. Council to Legislative Council. briefly.h an of Student Personnel or Section 103. Fiscal Control of the Stu 27. Tiny socialist 20. Most of a spasm his representative dent Body Funds. aSuburbanh4. two student members appointed by Same except change frm Executt e .Tedoohckey __________________------the President of the Student Body. Council to Legislative Council. o ype like this 22. Not the life-of39445. The President of the Union Board Section 504. Budgeting of Student Body I&tWhopealimbsnare h tyof Student Activities. Funds. WPae(Latin)hPbprlectu (12) A Secretary of Women's Affairs The budgeting of the Student Bod .ABeos ,in ) Willies padue 4 who shall be selected from a list of three Budget shall be incorporated into a F elnpo .a, Kin oftprech 454dqualified students which shall be subnance La, provided that the Student 9 Acrs sarIse 47aud mitted to the Student Body President by Body Budget can be changed or rebudg. 25 -emptor s.eKitdle77the Women's Student Association, provid'7 -f r 8.ROtear hea 47t 4ed that the President may reject All S. Yes from aythree nominations and request tht nw X. .5. House in Spaini nominations be submitted by the Wne t a SE1INATOR ( o bee ubmWtted 'sbteo At-denAt sswc.ation. and who shall 4.A .ake the next $s. Old school items." one Kol $7 Bi O'slas PRO RA Mperform the following dties and func4&. start In service name VV5I VU r th d L. lions 98. Ia4.Sae 46 With Kools, ar'fb'ad Sm.' y ore more Kools orMaking big plans for the In addition to the regular cabinet out IE ,11day long 41. Girls' FrIendly W Uye1s ahead? Then its a lined bov thdent esivitoes shall be a M. It's fo Art's Society (abbr)* ** Board of Student Activitiesroushall be ai MIse A4' Article youbrr. good idea4o remember that non-voting member of the Cabinet and She was brought up in al Latverson 8. Harl -ba s Ic finan c i ali s ecu rity act as the liaison officer between the entirely different kind of Lati version a .Hof aeai .bsudep tand a reyfUnion Board of Student Activities and wold She's not at all what of43 Downha chios Ek ,,wulbpatnaef student government. AWhat chicks Edgar. dw i those plans. I'll be glad to The officers named above shall have you would expect a U. S. Sengibe you the facts on how the right to appear on the floor of the ator's wife to be. She would Legislative Council and debate but not life insurance can help. vote and shall at all times answer quesbe more interested in iihat tions from the members of the LegislaByron was doing than what Joseph L. Sommese ive Council concerning etc.-Napleon was doing and et, section 30. Assistant Administrative' auenwsdigadyt YO U N EED T H Officers acqueline Bouvier Kennedy Same except change from Executive Jacquesin b ee"t Council to Legislative Council. SSPECIAL AGENTSection 309. Powers and Duties of the lad" of the land. Vice-president. hr osa1,ilai n, The Vice-President shall exercise the ere does a bi illiant and duties and powers of the President in cultured, -hy and leCillu the latter's absence, become President. 9W 1 fK 0 should the office of Preident become vacant, serve as the presiding officer presidential candidate's life KN-Stasgof the Legislative Council, and generally If John Kennedy wins the ICasist the President in the conduct of 617 W UNIV AVE the government. election, how much doe -USection 310. Powers and Duties of the Jacqueline Stand to lose" 60e. a w ,rma. -(Bus.) FR 2-4131 'ireasurer. -Rm.,F.6359The Treasrer shall keep complete For the firbt tinle, you can (aRn FR 6-3549 ,n accurate accounts of all student meet the real Mrs.Kennedy. body funds on deposit with the Cashier of In the April issue of ___________________________4k________M WAKE UP AND READ! I UNWANTED Facial Hair REMOVED Redbook Te Kass-iaa for Young AdIts NOw on sae0 at all newsstands hosen on the bass of quakshb r at the discretion of the board sence of such quaificatoo, as Ovit'ded, must be confirmed by irm. vote of the LAgislative fuurbeing eligible for office. nts ma' apply for more than on. Icnil ithe hari may coaider -ant for one position with his s an wppication for another. tis3. l'ime of Selections and h'ers ou The Florida Alligator choa Marc n to take offue -eionni a of the folowsi'g acaar 'ic'r if The Seminole shall be Fehruart to take Office April !-" 'IITitorange Peel shall n in 1rch to take offIce at dining 01 the following Sea'i eu .,0 l'u l, Summuoer Ga.or Ch inseu Sin lav to senc fori the -ession lo that "ear iic-'.rs o The 'F" Book shall n in Novemaber to take office MP Procewure and Vacancies. of prosIeduIre may further be in the chliters of The Floreutir ThSulimmer Gator, The The orunci' Peel. and The anwes in tle e office shall he tile spe. ial board and coono !hi" IA'ui council in a correspontting to the ou-iginal tilt 60r, Retoval of Officer. fire of any subsidia"% organi-oviel for in this (iin,Otitutioti reni ed tront offbon hb, -t n t as provided t'iin Article I, I oonshiuticii n'; l l L'SUMM IR -t ON resident shall appoint with ma1proval Of th~ e Aoi&sLaive COUmmue' sesson steering commith shall perform all futcteons to the proper functioning of rnment and the generttil welfare student Hod'. -and p-ovded fui th' Chanello of ilthHlolenr all appoint. %luth majority ali the Legislative Council, seven to poeusrform all Hionu Court during the summer session. \Ill F'IIIIMAN (COUNCI isci 0 of the Freshman Council a P'esident. Vice-Presidet. acnd Treisur'et .These officers nstiuIt I th, off cials of the t ( Idab icers Of the iri-ushmain Council elected the firsi da' of oia*es all and shall be responsible for ;1 the Fiehuan Iouuil -affairs the 1reshnian (lass, and addilts as may O iOPmposed by the e ( ounril c' in the olfce Mentioned in L so. IH be filled as provided e tieshman council Law of the (IJi I.' V \III,.,t iI1NIENT, IPN 11i'vIIFNrT AND MIOVAII-HU)M t3I-'F0I(E usedd to lie Arne-le V change e'iutve ( Oui'i to gis,ttve (1used to bi Article XI ,'( Il cuti, Council to .egis1% X1 ( AiTH (F11I 10 WHOM GIVEN used tO be Article Vl hOm i euieCuclt ea I t I.FX11I. NACT'XI-:'l i ill go into effect P'i)''i, and any officers in file tiluiug elections of lpil9 d aith' 'ffi, it for tl hC full terni d im th (on-, tilition ON ISLAND" EY AEXICO of Commerce a 10 DEANSGATE I I 0 A I I I I I I I I I I ----- 

PAGE 3

Says Political WContinued Vroin Page ONE)I "healthy reaction." He noted the; presen: members of the Boa-rd h'ive no personal commitment toKc the policy Mince a completely difterent Board established the rule. "Fven if the Board modifies it% present poHe'y to permit po. lith-al participation by the facul-l tv the chapter still wants to test PRESCRIPTIONS FILLED 932 W. UniveWimy Ave. -Am ?EA For REI 100% GRA Use Y Exp Trained ENGLISH TIRE 1027 .MAIN STREET He'll Back Politics Bar Is Unique Policy, Two Candidates I"cci 10 ln*Irmc I'uffrICIpU(I0filReport States ,PARPA MK the legal authority in the quesapproved by the chapter to finance (Continued From Page ONE) Improvement of independent soEstablishment of a better busition," Hartmann pointed out. legal counsel in the Jones case.cial life was included in the Uniness bureau to deal with downOusted Law Professor T. Brooks The fund will b, of a permianent astedParty's platform announced town merchants was among the Outd a inlary contributions to any can-, Wednesday night. Lw ecat a mn h Jones was a guest He was w nature and is designed for other didale of his choice, the report "We feel that this is the most platform proposals announced by monied by Hartnmann but imade no pnpss lo1nluigpbi:-ntd O ed rn t men rpses also, including publicaservice-minded platform proposed unaffiliated Presidential Candicomment during the meeting. ino .ihreucto nfrnoted.-1 Jones told the Alligator. "I wat4n of higher education informaThe interpretation, tle group by a campus political party in date Bob Parks Wednesday. vewy satisfied. I conmnnd lhe tion gathered recently by the said. forbids a faculty member Uan years.The platform is tie "This is my own platform arAAUP on the way they are handAAUP, Hartmann emphasized. rom managing ay political camproblem areas which grew out of rived at after extensive evaluaing the problem. Jones said he would welcome paign other than his own. He may our discussions with various intion of studewi needs," Parks A "special project tund" was AAUP participation in conjunction solicit funds or votes for no canterest groups on campus," Platsaid. In presenting my platform with his attorney when he files didate other than himself. form Chairman Ralph Carey said. ,i am concerned with only realiLENSES DUPLICATED Coercing or intimidating any The platform includes: LNEDULCTDagainst the Board for recovties--not abstractions-and Conerof his loss in salary. He said m i nto ing alg d(lmrovement ro icrete resolutions-not intellectual I I ary kick -backs to his campaign dent Lsocial life through inter-I ne plans to take action immedi'i also prohibited. according to the hall socials, a weekend coffee pipe dreams." apely after the May 3rd primary. report. house in the Hub, continuation of Parks' platform includes 10 rrend To Change the Broward Hop, entertainment planks. programs near the girls' dorms,' I )-Full support of proposed A trend indicating a feeling that and dance and bridge lessons in IC A L*COi the rule should be changed was'the dorms. constitutional revision. Hines Elected noted by the group. Student Directory Want Serice Gwmmsslon Pe:g -IR 2-0400 "Atleast one Board member P rexy indicated during the T. Brooks (2)-A student directory includ(2)-A civil service commission, Jones hearing he felt the rule ing both campus and home ad-composed of te student body New officerB of the American sould .modified" and UF Predresses of all students. This di. t Asociation of JnersityPrene"Retz rectory would come directly from vice president. a fraternity man, sors were introduced at the Wed; given notice he is in accord with the Student Activity fee and would and an independent, to interview nesday night meetingsome modifications. they noted. be free to all students. and give written examinations to C A PPIN G Vyne ines, professor ofAssuming a revision is desir(3)-A new cabinet officer, the all those interested in administraADE"E foundation% in the College of Ed*able.theelevantquestions would Inspector General, would investition functions of student governADE "A" COLD RUBBER ucation, was elected president. seem to be these. the report degate problems in scuh areas as mentour Central Charge He succeeds Frederick Hartclared: student morale, auxiliary services.' i3)-Creation of a cooperatively erienced Recapper mann. George Wolfe will conand student-faculty relations. non-profit nursery in the mar. I by Factory Engineer tinue. as secretary and Don Hal. Question Outlined (4)-Strong support of proposed ried living areas, staffed by qualiperin wil be the new treasurer. level of offices should constitutional revisions. fied, experienced personnel and 'Newlv elected members of the mebrsb' 'fe o ff inanced by the University. Andl & RECAPPING 'eecut've committee are 'John Iacl creation of more recreational faPHONE FR 2-2197 DeGrove, L. John Martin, Jerseek, and, if not all, what basis campus traffic re. cilities in these areas. is there for excluding them from (b-Im~provecapstficrINTERNATIONAL KNOWN COMPANY MEN AND WOMEN STUDENTS INVESTIGATE -SPECIAL WORK YOU CAN BE PLACED IN YOUR HOMETOWN, FULL TIME DURING SUMMER OPPORTUNITY FOR OUTSTANDING EARNINGS AND SEVEN SCHOLARSHIPS TO BE AWARDED. THE MAN'S STORE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR FOR R. D. SANBORN who will arrange personal interviews THURSDAY, APRIL 7 ON CAMPUSry Gaddum and Frank Doty. YOUR SEARCH FOR THE UNIQUE i IS OVERI---s P I z z p A N R seeking some offices? "What sort of conflict may be expected to arise between university duties on the one hand, and campaigning and office-holding on the other? How may these conflicts be resolved?" Recommends Permission The report recommended allowing professors to run for any elective public office and setting up standards and procedures for resolving conflicts between candidav or office -holding and university duties. Professors are already permitted to engage in other non -academic duties. it noted. There wouli be no good reason for differentiating between public office and party office, the re-I port explained. The question of holding ap-, pointive offices has not come upi but many UP professors now hold quch positions on part-time state and local boards of a policy-i making character, they noted. Campaigning for or holding public office or party posts is not icompatible with continuing one's faculty duties, the report concluded Ndad ~ -~i~4 7>1.> -a VON gulations by allowing freshmen' and sophomores to drive legally registered cars, provide more bi-4 cycle racks and a scooter parking zone near the Administration Building. (6)-Establish a public relations clearing house for student organizations, including permanent bulletin boards, a central clearing house for organizational announce-' ients, and publication of a publicity guide for campus organizations. Housing Conditions (7)-Improvement of studenl housing conditions, including special dorm sections for upperclass.men in related fields of study, re-I installation of between-semesteroom transfer, and creation of better dorm spirit and lo (8)-Establishment of shop on a cost basis for dent organizations. yalty. a print all stu(4)-Creation of a married student council composed of two representatives elected from each area to meet with the student body vice president to discuss the special problems and needs of matried students. Reform Honor System (6)-Real reform in the Honorl System, including an additional five justices to be elected at large with the specific duties of inves-I tigating all alleged violations. Also provision for legal counsel for every student accused of an Honor Court violation. ,6 --Creation of a better business bureau to keep records of: student complaints against local merchants and take action against merchants who receive excessive complaints. i7)---nprovement of the stu(9)-Improvement of married dent sidof the stadium includng student living conditions. includpaved, sheltered walkways and, ing better recreation areas in more entrances. living areas, admiission of student akBoSatn area adinus ds aBack Bloc Seating wives on their husbands' actit-it3y cards to all activities except foot-' I19)-Bloc seating al football ball and basketball games. games in the card section for all Foreign Students groups who have shown they pos. (10)-Establishment of a legal sess the maturity and intelligence aid society in conjunction with to function in an orderly manner. the John Marshall Bar Absociau9i--Revision in traffic regution to provide students with lenations including no fines for i gal advice in cooperation with the offenders and provisions for cars Bar of the Eighth Judicial Cirfor sophomores with a 2.5 aca cul. (12establishment of afresh-demic average. (12)-Estabishmet of fre o10Re-evaluation of the stu man camp comprised of the top, d ealuation of th t fivepercen ofenteingfreti-denit employmnient ser-vice with five per cent of entering resh-I possibility of a student labor re men with the purpose of special lations board to handle grievan-I dining in UF history and traces of student employes. Other services to be initiated or continued by the United Party in' clude more free telephones for students, paving of walkways on student side of F'iorida Field, ap pointment of a student body hos tess, and arrangement for more popular entertainers to visit the-t PARK (Continued From Page ONE) United flas men hk' Allen Poole, a married veteran with a 3.6 average and an outstanding record of service in student government and the College of Agriculture. Allen is our vicepresidential candidate and is anxious to improve housing ser vces. married student facilities and the effieiency of the Eecrltive CourICH. (NO!E: A printer's error in some early poop listed my fiial! ficat ions a" Editor In-Ch~ef o! Pe~ui'mt'J3A ad tilhO i ~'iu It should ha'e read Editor inChief of Peninsula, Asoc. Editor of U.F. Law' R#eieN'. Tlill correction has been made in subsequent poop.) Y (LS1l THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR, Fridey, April 1, 1960 -I Reitz gh fashion mtyft elasticized fabric expert workmanship. Near perfecting forn V You're lovely in this mwack length, skirtfront, Faille Lastex suft. with two-way stretch fiure control. I your favorite solid colors. Sizes 37'-38;$17.95 FRANKLIN'S TOWN and COLLEGE SHOP 401 W. University Ave. S.IK N (ayI 40 Wruan ~ College <4'r St bo s WHUA pR IuNA$s uy$t9gDU0n S anthony Perkins ova aoS.nc fl 0'. FmmWARNER UROS ti -.-~~ (kv A,, +T9 j I' 0----AL 0 --Page 3 Im m 1 4 I I -------I I TINY TOT PLAY SCHOOL "The School of Distinction" VISIT US AND SEE FOR YOURSELF SPECIAL INFANT CARE Infants to School Age Gainesville's Oldest Nursery Licensed and Health Approved Mrs. Nell* Mathis 24 S.E. 8th Street Telephone FR 6-7806 New Rate $20.00 ma. (Paid Advertisementi LOCAL SANDWICH SHOP CLAIMS WORLD RECORD SHELLEY'S claims n w period of tirme world's record in sandwich Shelc'y a\ the prrf marathon. Shelley's Italian ot d was 1S77 'andHks r'I Sandwich Shop of Gainesville 34 hours in n N1w Orleci"' staged a sell-a-thon Saturday soop and Sunday in which they beAn interesting ,de note lieve they st a new world's there Is a Tallhsec htider record. wAho ate 9 ot these onrgiiol I Opening at II A.M. Saturinch sandwich, oratcn tnh-nl day. Shelley made his original of over I feet of sandwiche 15 inch Italian Sandwiches conwithout a stop Shell-'v doesn't tinuously for 37 hours and 10 know for sure, but thinks thi, minutes until supplies were is also some sort of record exhausted. This new record. Shelley plan, to stape an Shelley claims, is both for Eat-a-Thon in the near future straight hours without a stop with prizes for the person who and the 2027 sandwiches sold betters this record of 11 feet is e record number for that I of Italian Sandwiches 

PAGE 4

THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR Edito rials Friday, April 1,960 New Recipe for SG Take 3,000 male students, one univer ity and a student body constitution. That's fine. N(Iw add several thousand more male turenL, open up the school to sift several thousand married Ga tos, and the same stueiit ho d con lltiol.and Nuhat havP you 4 nfo hing that. needs revision. -iice can't revise the presence of th frmalis (nor Would We want 1) 'md ince v e like to ha e the marrirrl siud('ns grace our Tlhores, the nr t h rI t hing is to revise the conAND THAT'S iust what's been W e now h j e a proposed constitution that can adequatelv nic-'t the needs of the campus. It haP tahen many months to preAnd it is up to .,oi. the sturcnt,4. tO Vote lioni in the sprain elections April 7. YOU WILL BE voting for a heter Sfudcnt government-a government which not only has control over '5().000 in student activity fees each year. hut which supervisor many facets of your dlail life on the campus. Rnlph Carey an his Constituitonal T ison Committee have worked lone anrl hardr for these man" months To prepare this product. It has been endorsed by many responsible groups on the campus. including the studentbody Executi e Council. the Men's Council, the Freshman Council and dormitory area groups representing Tolbert, MurphrPee and Hume Halls. UNDER THE NEW constitution, the Executive Council. the campus-wide legislative body, will he re'amrid and called the Legi !nti C Council. Every living a ra will have at loat one renresontatine on Thb Legislnti'-e Coun il and most arc's will hnvo thr j' or more. In arirction. r'repe et -ti vc wPii1e elected from cice. sic d (?'Ioo. orcamnuepirl oF-nmnij; ;Ninlrr yp Sn 4 rf n r. r it or n 'l niltI, n.In I !0fol soit'e in st rnoN)' T 11A t h ( 'T InfAC. de n r'1 Alltcn h od .*hi-n'CO mTgiiz r -2 tl) fM Ct. ol 1 10 l5 c P li ave all 1 ndoi Heev-o Wr no" ( yoI "T io l In O A 1-rin 7, t 1'v. l ot, fo h t ltutionl revision. CONSTITUTIONALREVISION-PART VI New Summer SG Approach in Offing By RALPH CAREY A whole new approach to summer school student government is being offered in ArtIcle VIISummer Sesston. Now summer school officia:i are elected one aeek after the session begins. Sane it takes several weeks to become adjusted to the machinerv -f student government and dicounting the lat week huoC tina's. the elected officel actual' serve only foui o C f the eght 'akeek session .:Vi offers a new I-0 tUrin!r thi't revision, the eoat f' the st-ident body. -i ma int at'pio\ t of th': z i'e t-irl. will appointl o ser~-g ,rtnrittee v ich shall p rlormi a Ifunction', nece-sarv th e prer func tion ing of the g 1 rnienlt nd the gcirral xA-rare "-' the -sud'nt b-'dv WHAT DOI TillS MEAN' First, the president will hr abIp to select the t-'ering com;ltee before summer school begus. thus permitting those se1ected to become acquainted 'ith tIe proper machiner.In many instances. the committee will be composed of thoz-c in comparable positions during tme regular school year. Second, the responsibility for tI:e actions of the summer session student government wvill be with the president of the student )Od". S1'M Ei1 SESSION sturient governmentt has baaca fl ti o functions to performapprove he budets for the summer sezion and put on Summer Frolics Thee activities can be planned in advar'e and thus operate n'e s-nw ly tbhroigh such lministiattve machinery as this a'tic-' provides. Additionally the chancellor of the Honi'r Court. with mat' ority approval i of toe Leg'isla tive Council. will appoint seven justices to perform all -on-,' Court functions during the summer session tthcse are verv few, Article VIII---'reshnman Council-provides that the officers of the Freshman Council shall constitute the officers of the Freshman class. All the other class officers have been abolished. The Constitutional Revision Committee felt with the exception of the Freshman ciass, group interests and cohesiveness have changed so much on our campus, that class officers can no longer be justified in terms of serving a particular class. These I 'rcahman Council offcers shall be nominated during nominating conventions in the fll Orientation program an d -ianl be elected the first day of ( -IIas e C. This is the la!t article ana.vz:ng tue propoed new Student so dy Constitution. On April 7. you must make the decision to approve or -dizapprove th? changes ON CAPITOL HILL Feels Election Could Go to House By J.IM rd)S-E.I-LD "'The electors shail meet in the.r re pere States and vote by ballot for president and vice president ,and if co person ha7uch majority then from the persons havi-tng the highest numbe-s 11eW c -dng three on the ,ist of tlio:voted for as president, te Hottse of Representai:-es shall choose immediately. b,ballot' .the representation from c ii state ha ving one This is the niethod. ac(-cording to the twelth amendment of the Constitution, whereby a president is chosen should a candidate not rec;eive a majority of the electoral votes This situation culd arise should a larg hitch ah votes api:, fr-om one of hu io major parties. For the ihlrd time in the 20th (enturv this appears to be a distImet possibility. * THE AVLRAGE voter in the heat and pressure of a political campaign more often than not forgets his vote is cast, not directly for the candidate of his hoice, but indirectly, through the institution of the eleetor-al Si-l leg e Bu',today there is a determined move among the Southern states designed to enable their ele-tors a free hand in casting their votes. Six southern states are putting unpledged electors on their ballots so that, come voting time for the electors, the Southern reprez-entatives wil be able to bargain with their votes. * A DESPERATE MOVE, it the event of a very close elec. ':on, would he to throw the election into the House of Representives. This would increase its political power enormously It is ilikelY, however. that this course of action will he taken. This bloc would rather use themr votes to bargain for some concessions on the part of the next president. One possibility would be nan:eg the next attorn-"-':ereral, ne who would he mor'e crnQlderate of their poa, or T'!' attorney-general is l-e ker fizure in pressing 'he 4dministration's views concern ng the integration procedure, IT IS HOPED the South finds j, unnecessary to refer to thlast resort. for more than just political reasons, The most important one, according to Dr. Ernest R. Bartley. professor of political science, is the possibility that. should this happen. the electoral system might receive a mortal blow, one which could conceivably alter the face of American politics. /HMN AR EL Ofr"IN A MAt /N M ,LIE, TO 40 INWD MAkW6 A R 0' 1PfISrI AO P AtALL lb HS M r-4 A AMD AL, At I Wf0o SocaETY. HE3 ALso (i.VA gg Ore 1o -f M f r Ar RAL M r AhD ALL, )t 1'$S TII AA EEYI .-A i A ALL. I y f"IANK KAREL The i On S:d B(-ver G'-oulu('r ;Cejto 1'avc been j~rred bt' tvii', last ai!ce l :c'n'he fonor S'-Ste.mChawellor Beaver's ciildsi-sl inI .riv, inl the as! A I iator a!i the be-.t ar;.umIent I ha,: read for aboliozninir the Honor Court as it now c'istr. If his demeanor \iule sitting as clan. cellar is an\livng like h-s notheadled jourvalinm. GCodlIic I Y tio-e brought before the courtApparcntl,, Beaver th n(s onI the great gods of the Floridq Un non can (itlieizr the Cor iWe perns, the student bodY. should shut up and leave the chos,' few'to run ouri ve(s. ('JNFRARY TO THE chancellor', article. the Honor Court IS a star chamber. Webster fie. f'nes the phrase as "any sf'cret or Irresponsible tribunal." Since 1. and most of the readers of te Alligator have not had the benefit of attending law school. Ve can't know au-Nv of the fanCer definitions Beaver mayv have in mind. The Court is secret: I don't chrge it with irre:ponsibiity ldUAaJd A.00s a)qi Sn13,, determining responsibilit'. Not only may the pubhie not -norpis Sir Theophile itzwick, a seventeenth century Englishman. 1s relating In his diary his experiences in a strange civilization somewhere on the North American continent Sir Theophile and M iler Fudge Ripple, the leader of this nociret. are engaged in a dlscussion of its judicial system. Including an honorable court which deals ivith infractions committed within an Instihition of Learning Master apple continued to discuss the nature of crimes with which the Honorable Court deals: lying. cheating, and the use of false credit. He said cheating was the mos; prominent criie. and consisted in substituting another's work for one's own. in a procedure they call a "test." Now, their "tests" are quite different from ours in that they require little creative thought. a miirn-iun-i of facts. and 'he efi cient use of a gi'at black writing instrument. THE MOST difficult thing about their tests is the way in which knowledge is communicated: by means of little marks on pieces of paper This is a code, far more ini-rtlr the Honor Court's meenrg pi-ace during a :r-ht. bn! a e ian e en en, w A tra srpt of the roc(eedir -\Fhv r e a d 'Darkness at Noon' wheu we e -%e wi' e-erY day I 1TIL TIIll IHONOR':nq o ieon is opened to us peon we ran on1' a--111me an11thin goes on within the court. Maybe tkpe Court wears bai-lk hocris ari -actii' devil worship. Ma-be hedispen e true justice, but how can the students know intil the can see for themselves? Pious testimony from the inihate-; of the mnrIer-'cirre of the Court doesn't mean a thing,. I rna not he from Missouri, but 1 sa"Y "Sow ip -don't tell To say justice thrives in seci.ev is against the grain of moit American. To have a future lawyer of this state defend ths Position scares the hell out of re -THERE IS A difference betv een secrecy and dignity in a court. Dignity is essential. but secrecy defeats the Aneri an concept of justice. No American has to take someone el9e's word about what goe'r on in any other court: wh': -hOuud we here? comprehensible than Sanskrit, hut their technology is so advanced that a machine can interpret the marks and thus evaluate the intelligence of the one who took the tet. Unfortunately, m a n y meinhers of the institution are fa. miliar with the code to tht! extent that they can transcribe information from another's paper to their own. Thus the machine will evaluate them to be as intelligent as the one wA"rseP paper they copied. and this they call cheating. -* * THE ONLY profit I could see in it is the change of a letter or number on other sheets of paper they deem very impottant, Furthermore those who indulge in this practice are receiving a spurious evaluation of themselves: something like trimming the ends off a measuring stick. I asked about the enforcement again. and was told that the members of the studying body themselves reported all infractions. I then asked how any group of people so stupid and un-easonable as to indulge in s-uch practices as the aforementioned could ever be expecter' to function as rational an:maJs and fulfill their duties of reporting criminals. / Il', Ha;ing to appear b foie a 'ourt of juatA'e is a senous t:rig. but to have to appear before a star chamrbpr is terry vring. This game ot 'I-spi' and hooded :ribhtnak siOld ,turn the stomach of anyone who heLeves in the essential dgrn othe individual. When a man steals a-alcnmn knrowledge. a ppieor 'n have-you, the pubi: shoud know so that it max guard itself from him, THOUGH A PERSON issScretly accused. it doe-,nt ne e sarily follow that the accus-ition r'emaimzscscret. and lie sliould have the privilege of pub l-. clearly his name. Selecting the Honor Court out & the petty. mud slinging 'bloc-is"' that Cha'aterizes ampus politics is bad To a low this court. already crippled by politics, To operate' in Secrecy is vile beyond description Perhaps the student romnmt,-,e working on improving the Horior System wil! come up ; h a better plan but until the pall of secrecy is hfed. only a hollow mockeryIU of ta CP awaits any student brought before our star chamber. T was sworn In 0 S(rCc'v. aind -nformed that the svstcm ha'd :ts failirgs, but that several (ommittees we-r being formed to stud" THE LEADER admitted some of his subjects wer-c re-iahle. a.nd some were not. but both operated under the same judieal system. T ventured tht was 'le most ridiculous thing I had ever heard: Men are either rational or they are not If the' are, they need no stem, judicial or otherwise. to gulde their actons If they are not. qociet1 wzill suffer, unaless proper means a-e implemented to protect it from those who would take advantage of its weaknesses. I asked him why he did not face the truth I:ke tie rational man he pretended to he. and simply c-hange the s'-stem to account for its obvious drficierHe said I had better 4top talling blasphemy ke that and get out before I was 'invest: gated'" I took this to be a term equivalent to "inquis.tion." with its arcomranying horrors. and left immediately. (Next week: The conclusion. Sir Theophile leaves the Innd as mysteriously as he came.) THE FLAIL Shocked About Dorm Kissing Ban' By JORN MILLER I am a Baptist Worse. I am a pre-theology Baptist student. We have this reputation for being a pretty straight-laced and niarrow-mind-d hunch. vou know So when I heard about the baqn n; kissing a girl goodnight in the lobbies of the dorms. I rushed right over ti) be shocked. I LON E TO BE sh ,'s one of my'moral castigations to be shocked az often anid as deeply as I can And. copl -.I the horrble thing's I did see .-.You may forgive me 'or may not, as you wish I if my gorge rises in profound disgust at the mg. coat entermg. the usual bit.) Doubtless mindful of the rule about lobbying. he leaned toward her and she. happily enough for them both. leaned toward him. The moon, moment, and mood were all right' And then, from out of the mght, came the dazzling flashlight of the great jackass Blue Jacket. And God knows wha' as riding again. Worse, besides the fact that 'he moment was now the spo'light of attention. Blue Jacket supplied a musical score and dialogue. A shril! whistle came twice and those three little 11'ords were heard. "Break that up. I can only submit that while cuch behavior might cleave Io the letter of regulations arnd perhaps even anticipate their ne' '0 a degree, >' -.boorish. ridiculous, and mnre than callously inconsiderate Mmommy alwa's taught me that policemen were differ * NEEDLESS EMBRRAS% ITENT and hard feelings are evoked. An act that is harmless aind done with no evi intent is made to seem degrading and inder-ent., The feelings of two pOne and their relationsh 's. even if only for a short whle s-ratnel and made awk-vard. And to what purpose" Sex is here to stay. genAmm. Be grateful for its :in-er it 1 ~ I It K EDITOR I wish to draw the attention of your i-aders to the fact that the review of Medea which appra:-ed under my namne in lst Tnursch s Alligator ,s not th I wro-e and one for wh:cn v 1 n: 0 a. 'ept respofnsihilttI 'ie rc w as published wds chopped ;n hall, it omitted the ios'. important parts of the oti ; nal review ahd th:s omission Tiri-de nonsense of \\ha' remanI wl.h also o protest the ed.torial rrcspons;hihty that either RN FRED FROHOU N Tha: night, we sat under a o'und yellow ght that hung siffly downifrom the ceiling and Ne looked at the stack of proofs for the magazine P rk sat there and Y'pt i t :og me -4lently, a frown on his face, as I picked up each one and ;;azed at it Finally. he o o k o f iv1', glasses and I n k P d t 1o u h t SIortQtotry,' he said "we had 'n edit it a little a. because -t wa-s too longAnd I in mi01onidertu'l a n d FROHOUh idealistic fieshnman year looked at this man who wa editor of the UIF Peninsula and then down at the short s-tory I had w ritten St raight :rom rmy na i ve atrl; value-filled heat I read I; through slowly and rarefull-, the oniv sound In the room thp quiet ticking of the a atch on the wrist of the a.,sociate editor seated on the couch with us. -' V IT IAS NOT too had a job of chopping-even then I admitted i to myself-but no malter. My virgin and honorable art had been violated. A callous sword had been thrust through ny noble heart. I stood up with what I hoped and assumed on that evening four years ago was quiet bitterness, and told Mr. Bob Park and his associate editor to go straight lo hell. As far as I Was concerned. mv literary conrihut ionsD to this campus were ended as of that moment. Wha: a figure of youthful and absuiiird dignity 1 must have made as I stalked angry out of 'hat room. * THE MAGAZINE camout of course, exactly hke the proofs, and later Boh and I became good friends My brother and I used to play tennis against aiws a pI tIl o i tow'h'i wil appea-r m A paper. or is toant ")f the fl .-' half rua tiw. oe t'v none Siopprn':s s as unApable .strient journalim.ti a. ',1s in ,.zu11e!117dron ma, and I s;eii i ater :i -ontr~ht bel h people "h' ti" not ork for tre Atirga'or :s~ ~ cu' h cutfting bei h a op ') P, ~ Soninou numG S :"mgeCUt Applauds Administration For Stand Against Sex Tois le:er is my vay ot t jjnt;rg the University Adim is;ration for its exemplary L(ncer if ajnd action pertaining to the morl tv of the tuclet bo<dy We arthut mere student-s and and n need of aciult guidance The administration does in'lee-d provide the aduitera-tun \,ni Ih is so necessaryv to the :ntelecrual acd moral growt!n of the student bod-. T must applaud the adminsI iawn s a hn ai.,anst sex, Sex is is ' Tnere no na t I r itn a normal sociey Agn display ( of eroticism which has not bcen attended to as 'e: rc er to tJurt sham clil cxShi:ulon mI I e Hub of nfant-hens h nh: before our \ey ~nI trulms that thr axdjjt trshall swiftvy attend to this ohn',ious display' of sex. -David Geithman h m ard hs brolcr on h-t af:ernoons we-d stop and cha' on campus between classes and laugh at whi had happened. It was onl, much later, hoigh. a i iicetold me what had wotried him most of al on 'hi ridciulous evemng of in)tred pidr and pretentiono uiatn 'hat e mcts so long ago now 'I I v -att ea-!t i me when wx; rce sit ig there.'' le told me ;:r'inif:. that you would lose our temper and teAr rip the procif-' IFi HE ONLY kew how far tht was from megotistical t-ai of thought I would have let hat storv run I I w had cut. it down to onl-y two para-graphs \\v u d o kid -oh Parka with an s. and a freshman thrr, tor b v telling him thit he had vls missed being Pilitor of the V' .Utraiv magazine hb% one He qEl :o lah -a 'dark, hbg bit' who was a good athlete and agiee 'gues I'm tPt unrIt i k v 'I'IEN WE WERE al good A hlvtes, of veOutrsn,e vjn the not. so-good ones. You can alWays sIta'y i shape your freithnian xyear'so the savng went. Ind j, %'aastrmiv-Itwas always the drinking that finaflv let td wonderful ruin And how we drank berr nd talked politics; Parks was p(rsonable and very, very sharp. One sumnmir, we both went to the Univet sity of Miami for ox. tra -ourses and did noihog t-r three months but discuss the world over tall 'old draft in the Opus Now th g-re thi' s not quiet a gane h s mbrac-d Parkm Only on campus, of ourse, but strutnge be-ause n the never. understarida ble vork:ng'. Cf f atm it matches him for student body pi eident agair::t thy' m an he r!ed to he t hdde'1 a 'he-i o long ago Park and Parks If should be interesting --even witho'it th name confusion McDAVID'S BARBER SHOP AND SHOE REPAIR FOR A GOOD SHINE SEE WILLIE OPEN AT 8 -CLOSE AT 5:30 Page 4 Letters to the Editor Hits 'Gator 'Sloppiness;' Denies 'Medea' Review KAREL'S KAREENINGS Sovs Chancellor's Chio Seems Jarred THE TOP DRAWER Recalls Park and Parks, And What's Transpired SIR THEOPHILE'SDIARY-PART VII Is Confused by Workicmis of Court THEM M. Erst, FACu rY MEAIBED$, FELWA $TI~5 II ----41W 4PI '00"", At I 

PAGE 5

RELIGIOUS CENTER NEWS Ep'scopals Sponsor Trip; Lutherans Going to FSU By UNDA HAMEL terested is invited and the cost Gator Religion Editor for the occasion is $6. The Episoopal Student Center Activities at other religious will sponsor a Parrish Life Concenters are ference at O'Lena State Park LUTHERAN: The LSA is conApril 8-10. tinuing its series on "The Trial The conference will be headed of a Criminal.'' thrs week preby Rev. Tom Byrnes. Anyone inseinting the ''Execution," the -U story of the crucifixion of Christ. The account will be presented at the devotional program Sunday. Lutheran students are planning to spend a day with the LSA of Florida 6tate at Tallahassee April 24. The weekly supper will be at 5:30 Sunday. METHODIST: "I am the way, the ti-uth, and the life" will be the topic tor discutrsion at the tIN THE DARK Blood to Pour From London, African Jungle BY CAROL BUTLER Gator Staff Writer To those who find race contro,ersies or bloody murders enter.aining, this week-end's movies offer much. SOCIALLY SPEAKING Greeks to THE FLORIDA ALLIGATOR, Friday, Aprif 1, 1960 Page 5 FroLC By JACKIE U QLIN uoe dance tonight. Folowuig toe Gator Society Editor dance at the gym "The Colle', jates' will ectertaiii ata e Spring may have sprung, but aecing oil party. aie newly-awakened world of nawitching Hour" party. ture had best take adequate cover Silver Springs is the AEib this weekend asUF'ers invade the destinationn Saturday. They ill surrounding countryside in the return to the campus for a butbiggest weekend of the semester. let dinner a n d a "secret Spring Frolics will swing into theme" party in the evening, action to the music ot Les Elgart with music by Uttle Johnnie and his orchestra tonight at the Ace. "Tarnango," at the State, is the dance in the gym. Jaye P. Morperfect "they said it couldn't be 'gan will provide the main evedone ior filmed) story," with Curt ning's entertainment, and the gala! Jurgens and Dorothy Dandridge as affair will be highlighted by the the slave captain and beautiful crowning of Miss Fraternity of Sig Eps will travel to Lake Wauburg for their outing Saturday. That evening, a Hawaiian theme will present the background tor a dance at the Sig Ep home panel discussion program at the Negro slave. Alex Cressan is the 196(. grounds. be by the Wesley Foundation, Friday at 8. lion-killer Tarnango whose iover ; Various types of outings have Pyramids. Dr. Alfred Diamant, of the being exploited by the white man. been planned by the fraternities political science department; Dr. At the Florida, "Jack the Ripfor Saturday. The Sigma Chis A STEAK DINNER for Delta A. T. Wallace, head of plant per" continues to slash his way have selected Elinor Village in Sigs and dates will precede the across the screen through Saturavtona each a the site for their dance tonight. Saturday, the house Tilley, of the humanities departySaturday activities. Following will be transformed into a South of tiseyiluofow theerihumanSaities setdepfoar't-y meant, will be on the panel. Bob of this still unknown killer is basday on the beach, they will party Sea Iland setting for a PolyPark will be moderator for the ed on the files of Scotland Yard. in the evening to the music of the nesian Party, complete with roast discussion. Beginning Sunday at the Florida "Playboys" from Orlando. pig and the exotic music of Bard 'Capital Punishment will be first rate "On the Beach." This ..* Donaldson. Delta Sigs will wait story the end of the human race 'for Sunday for their outing, and discussed at the Forum Hour, caused by radioactive poisoning PIKES AND DATES will rise will then travel to Wauburg for Sunday at 7. The student panel of the atmosphere takes place in with the sun. At least that is the will include John Sessums, John Australia1964. plan, for their annual trip to, a pic-i. Bickeistaff, Gail Geibel and John' At the State starting Sunday i Flagler Beach Saturday. Daytime Phi Gams have planned a Hanilton, moderator. "Frankenstein 1970." strsuna activities will consist of sunning. "Shipwreck" theme for their -4nente .Br harbathing and a barbecue in the party Saturday night. The Blue HIL L: No services wllbeloff once again creates the charro t afternoon. I Notes" will provide the music Ilw"d to Nt bala this time the monster of the "Sais on and His Cats" will be for the evening. Ae oi r. atJohn e iovelassistan ftur. mported from Daytona Beach' A hayride will originate at thie ion. Dr John DeGrove, assistanthA different type monster makes Saturdayni g h t to provide aI AGR house Satu da nighteas their Of Political Science, will the scene o the same bili in, rhythmic background for the part of the special Frolics weekbfrea11to 12:30.e Sunday '"Cyclops." This horror tale deals Pikes' informal party at the Flagend. With the hayride will be the He will speak with a dinosaur-type man. Ltat of ler Beach Hotel. The group will AGRs' three newest pledges "The Parties' Platform," the luck ..rern -Snday. Lan Hall. Walter Harrison and Udliij III !or voting a series on preparation DODGE SIM(A SALES -SERVICE Poole -Gable Motors 119 S.E. 1st AVE. Do You Think for Yourself9 (DIAL IN THESE QUESTIONS AND SEE IF YOU'RE IN FOCUS) ) I/4w SV If you saw a full-rigged sailing ship in the middle of tile desert, '\L0111(1 you SUiYkA)''Long tuime no sea'" ,B) ''Wish they'd invent talking m .irages,'' or yC) "Anything can happen in Las Vegas!" A 'B _C When a man says, "'Brevity mk Vierov. Thev' know on'v Vicei-ov i hesou ofwit'' e man'~ 1thinkingm an 'll ilter -thle most A he's about to make aaiale itl elnofhmal.\d l onrg speh ; (B) dcacdll ((ii~o hmal n t hoiaghts conie in short .-wnonlIyv iceroy thas a s,-moking mnizns taste terec: ~ CShu ut'he ~frll rich taste of choice tobacco. -4BC ,,I f ou have checked !C in t hree otut of ("I-rc-ag-i iapourwng toi-(j nest ens. You re pret.but ri-and you're offeredif yuaige paoli hodiping m Picked .B. jithinKfor vou l is dangerously erratic. th desert, Xould youA tA) "ll hn S"you elJoyn walking in gs"rC rain' B say."S'e0 let inrii drive''? tC 1 accept -aiie' wtan hurt hiA B C1 In "One Step to Eternity," beginning at the State Tuesday, Co-, rinne Calvert attempts suicide in a story that combines sex and sus-, pense. Thursday starts the double fealure, "Kiss for a Killer" and "Grisbi." Jean Gabin, French ac-' tor, stars in "Grisbi," a story of, the underworld; "Kiss for a Killer," is a romantic comedy that developes into a homicidal plot. Late show at the State Saturday night is "Baby-Face Nelson." KAs and ATOs will join forces this weekend, beginning with a social hour this afternoon before the dance. Saturday a tubing party at Blue Run will be followed by an informal party at the ATO house. Little Jimmy Reed's band will be featured. Gabe Green. Sigma Nus and ADPis will socialize next Wednesday at the ADPi house. * FREI) CONKLIN WAS named the honor pledge at Sigma Nu initiation last weekend, and was SAEs will compete with Les El-, number 1,000 to be initiated in the gart tonight a they stage their local Sigma Nu Chapter. own informal dance. Saturday Other initiates are Bob Lazennight another informal dance will by. Toni Batten, Bob Hosack, Lartake place featuring the music of ry Travis, Larry Libertore, Char"Little Samuel Davis." lie Bean, John Fryer. Joe Mc_______Cloud, George Jenkins, Al WellingTHE BETA'S SPRING banquet ham, Nick Torell. Richard Falcon, llF Rifes will start things off this weekend Earl Powell, Gayle Darville, Fred Al-a.Riflesat the Beta Theta Pi house. SatSconyero, John Derkits, Randy urday an afternoon lake party Schwartz, Ken Capelle, Rich ValTo Fire in M eet and picnic will be followed by a! dez and Al Lopez Jr. "Roaring Twenties" party with The All-Florida Invitational the "Blue Rockers" providing the Rifle Matches will be held Satursud sou'ds .Manaro's day, at 8 a.m., on the ROTC rifle Red blazers will Identify the range Col. Glen A. Farris, PMSTheta Chis a they attend the &T. announced. big dance tonight. The house The annual event is sponsored will shudder as Gene Franklin SPECIALIZING IN iby the Scabbard and Blade, naand Texas Ray let loose with tional honorary ROTC society.; their foot-stomping sounds SatROTC rifle teams from FSU, urday night. Stetson University, Florida SouthA banquet before the dance will Iern and University of Miami will inaugurate the Frolics weekend at participate in the matches. the Pi Lam house. After an early & SPAGHETTI Florida Rifles, UF's ROTC brunch on Saturday, Pi Lam's and team which placed sixth in a field their dates will be off for the day In every town or city you of 33 teams in the Thi-rd Loyolato Kingsly Beach. The "TornaTulane Mardi Gras Rifle Matches does" will be waiting for them go to -you will find ONE in February. will enter the meet. back at the house Saturday night, The Florida Rifles have won two to end the weekend with an ingood Italian Restaurant. other shoulder to shoulder matchformal party. es this vear. Stetson University and University of Miami and lost THE HOLIDAY INN is the scene one. University of Georgia. for the AEPis banquet preceding: ORDERS TO TAKE OUT -DIAL --FRGnklin 2-4690 q 2120 Hawthorne Rd. Near Drive-in Theater MEW'S SHOP ON THE SQUARE C led FRIDAY & MONDAY NITES ftneLi a ma1. % tA ---. V. OPEN TILL 9 P.M. TWO;REAT SPORT SHIRT BUYS AT \ STUDENT \ PRICES! SPECIAL 4.99 CCCCCCCC'-F. BUDGET-PRICE ON HERE'S A REAL WANTED STYLE WITH FULL-FASHION ONE OF THE MOST A Rockmn' Rhythm section and a Frantic Front line. THE CARR-TUNES 6-3437 or Dave Hume at 6-6472. FOR SALE: 1960 MGA Roadster white walls, heater, tonneau 'over'. Call FR 6-2720. between 6 and 7 P.M. BARGAIN: Line-O-Time -"2 lever copywriter for typists -origina! co.,t 1.95, price $6.75. 318 N.W 151h Terrace. FR 6-9818. UTILITY trailer. 2 wheel, 4' x x 1'. wooden body. $50 00. A Welch. 1036 N.E. 4th Street 8'G. Ct>-RNET FOR SALE: Conn (,isteitation Con's Best. Ncke Finish. Verv Good Condition -Price 5175. Gerald Sweitzer812 Noith Hal-FR 2-9295. FOR SALE : 1951 MGTD. t!0.%0 Contact .1e McNultv. FR 2-9421 SPACIOUS FIVE ROOM APARTMENT. BROOKLYN. N E W YORK F rnshei. Two Bedi'oon Fros ('ct Paik. Cool Excellen' -:ew of Manhattan yi ne '::. w a ng drs'ance : G d ArmPlaza. Pivookn ih l.T:bhraury. Broorkln M'r-L,.urn. Botmnmc Gar'-lens. T'vent'-. :ve mn'es to mid-to'-n Mar hiattan Tr-nes Sauar". Grand Central .New York Pubhl Lifor Frolics Delta Pni Epsizon nas recently day eveimig bet ween 8 30 and initiated the following girls: Mar9:30. cia Deitsch. Sonva Dubbin. Claire AOPI is proud to announce the Goldsmith, Sharon Loeweistein, addition of til o neA pledges to Joan Lors. Adele Musk, Toby Rosits chapter, Dot Hendrix and cutlhal. Diane Rudenberg. Karen, Sherman. Rosalind Stern, Roberta Stw Ann Nelsen rvcentl% joined Winn, Flo Berlinghoff, R u t h' Chaiowe,; and Kay Schwartz. THE DPhinL are proud of their three new pledgesFlora Askowith, Carole Goldsmith .isnd Phyllis Cohen. A break in the regular 'aeekiight schedule of studies was held: n the form of a coffee hour Tuesday night by the Sigma Kappas. Fraternities, faculty members, and friends wrc nvited and will be welcome to drop in every Tuesthe group. Recent new im:i:att to Tri Delta are Johanna Dowliing, Helen Ga-ssaway, Giny Gill, DuiC Jordan, Joan Korodin. Ann Militana, Susan Miller, Pa1 Morton, Jan Reel, Vicki Sm"* 'Ma.-ry N'tl, L wv Tonefield Mairgo Wilson, Karen Nemctz, Sal'ly Camp. Eteen' Taylor. Jane Sloan and Nancy Keimi. MTaiigo Wihson was piesented the best pledge uard, mid Vici -nm th received 'he scholar rsllip awai1d. JIM McGUIRK LOOKS AT LIFE THE RUNNING TERROR of Negroes crumpling under Afrikaan police bullets echoed the tenor 01 the world, this week-stark, serious and tragic. THE CURRENT LIFE magazine is an image of that world. Three photographs etch the South African white position toward maintaining segregation. The first shows Negroes running toivard the photographer., Some are laughing. A gun tur-' ret shows in the background. The second catches the Negroes almost upon the photographer. Some are still laughing-I still thinking the shots are blanks.1 In the final picture, two soldiers. standing alone, survey the litter of corpses. TWO SPINSTER SISTERS who love and support a charming but luckless brother plot and plan in a Broadway play that offers some relief from reality. But "Toys in the Attic" is not out of pace. The brother finally hits it rich, showers the sisters with finery. and their world collapses. LIFE calls it "a drama of disasterous Jacks Terming "emotional traffic iwho also has a himself an cop," Brando leading acting love. ''partI demonstrates for each actor the proper style and mann-isms. BlT OME 'OMEN won a In a love scene, Brando f;isl rewar last week They were none hearses it, then, as LIFE says, other than the fabled strippers" of Bourbon Street. It seems the "looks on approvingly'' whenimhe formal actor goes into the clinch. New Orleans district attorney -The "looking on approvringlv" raided the city's burlesque house actually is a leer which forcibly concentration (75 acts in five blocksi a while back "Cat girl' LLiliy Christine fouled the moralisi C(SA's T V BTi T 111l'S recently when she finally pushd create thi :,nderlying theie for her test case Into a court. The a LIFE documentary which traceS judg .on the hasis of her conan American honeymoon couple stituiional rights, decided for her. through sornie of 'lavana a phshThe feature includes a shot of le watering pla'e.; Lily on the prowl. thereby affordThe photos are test: monsaito ing freshmen a glillPs" of what the havoo of Castro's anti-V7. S. b,'Aw they shant porcei e intil tTrad he econori( paradox age 2I~ I:s s hng to took precisely delineated as the couple forward to 'is pictured enjoying cut-rate prices E\ER sfkle before and first-class servie in empty -a res'a~l o. 'ariipubefoehotels and bars. a h o da u a t'n m r i' 'a s u t T h e ou tco n i( iA s tim ii a riz *d p t'Sonetirnes ii war, spook-. but cdfcif' nonb! UFi students in mmd, we had a wonderful time. People LIFE; includes a c or expose rfut didn rip e rsr C 'as etc ey sale~ 'our government Likewise with us nonfre n.tT' e so]-,pro l -w(didn't like their goverrm-nt !Ion o n udt problem is, apparent LIFE heIpfuil: inn'lrideQ plantIng directions THE Vi(CIO S INTER -StitLIVE ALS CAPTURiES the Off-lICE rivalry among the Air 1A th o'Force Armv and Navy is ow'KIRK'S GROCERY Right Across University Avenue Back of Baptist Student Center & KA Fraternity House. Serving All University Students Specially "TAKE-OUT" Beverages including Milk. F' BARGAIN MART MEN'S HOSE -7ic and $1 00 value. A close-out of .29c a fomn r's store Batchelor-Holeproof and nany others ME'SSUMMER STRAWS These are the latest in fine HATS -ol sizes -all colors -manv at,les You'd pay much more. $2.97 and $3.47 Men's heavy duty -extra quality SHORTS or JOCKEYS 55c A dollar value -special for this sale Closing out a group of men's DRESS SHIRTS Mostly Mcnhattan -a few ARROWS. All top qu[ity -nll firsts -mostly white Marked frrm $395 to $6 95.--Ynu picI 'em$1.97 We've picekd up for this sale -the best values in Men's DRESS SLACKS Wash and Wear -quality cottons-nylon and cotton $4.95 Imported fancy fabrics -10000 spun rayon SLIM JIMS 10's-18 Regular $5 00 vor $1.97 19 SW 1st Avenue THE PIZZA PATIO 608 N.W. 13th ST. Hours: Tuesday thru Frdo4 P.M. till 12 SAT. and SUN. OPEN AT NOON I ---1. ---.-Aliinilid 

PAGE 6

THE PLORIDA ALLIGATOR, Friday, Aprfl 1, 1960 Golf, Tennis Teams to Travel This Weekend; flU, Georgia, Tech to Provide Opposition The undefeated UF golfers and the once beaten Gator netters hit the road this weekend for rugged encounters in Georgia and Tallahassee. Coach Conrad Rehhing's par Golf and Country Club for a home busters travel to the red clay country to face conference rivals engagement with Miami's HurriGeorgia and Georgia Tech. canes Monday afternoon. IsWhile the golfers travel nortn, Frank Beard and Co. visit the ICoach Bill Poter takes his young Yellow Jackets today and then but ambitious tennismen west to meet the strong Bulldogs Saturday Tallahassee to continue to a heatat Athens. ed rivalry with sister institution The return to form of Jim Florida State. Parks to match the brilliant strok-i Sophomore sensations Jim Shafing of Beard, sophomore Phil fer and Art Surloff and co-capLeckey, and veteran Skip Stigger, tain Del Moser. all undefeated .in will help the Orange and Blue in ten seasonal matches. will pace their effort to cop their fourthe local netters in Saturday's ne teenth consecutive dual victory in sessions. the Tech test. Shaffer will be pitted against Following the Georgia trip, their States' undefeated ace Rebel Bellinksmen return to the Gainesville lamv in the featured match. SHAFFER SLAMS ONE. Slim Jim Shaffer, southpaw sophomore tennis sensation from St. Petersburg, gets set to slam one past Florida State ace Rebel Bellamy Saturday. Shaffer, unbeaten in ten matches, has slammed his potent passing shots passed such court stars as Presbyterian's Harry Hoffman and Georgia Tech's Ned Neely. Florida Nine To Play Two With Miami Riding atop the Eastern Division of the Southeastern Conference. Florida's baseball team travels to Miami to take on the Hurricanes in a two-game series thi wee kend. The Gator nine, spoYrting a 4-0 loop record, will be taking on its second inter -state rival of the week. They defeated Florida Sou then 5-4 Tuesday to hand the Mocs their first defeat of the year Leftfielder Bill Saba. catcher Len Scheinhoft, and shortstop Tom Moore were the big guns for the Gators. collecting two hits apiece Chapman Gets Win .1 Bill Chapman got credit for the victory. his first a-f the year. The Junior Northhander needed help trom teammate Bob Shiver, who turned in a sparkling relief performance. Chapman struck out eight Mocassins. yielded four base knocks and walked two in his six-inning stint. Shiver fanned three, walked one and gave up only one base blow. Miami. which has compiled a 6-3 mark thus far. started slow but has come back strong. The 'Canes recently picked up a pair of wins over Georgia Tech, the SEC's Eastern Division champ last year. Letties To Hurl Two lefties will get starting roles against the UM. C. W. Price, and Vennie Pent are expected to go agaitist the 'Canes. Pent picked up his lone win of the season on a fine six-inning shutout performance against Vanderbilt, Florida's record now stands at 7-3. 'FITou NEVER SEE ANOTHER MOTIN PICTRE IN YOUR UFE YOU MUSI SE DOW N MD(RVIS See It From The Beginning! STARTS SUNDAY Spring Football to Close UF to Host Triangular Track Meet By BUDDY MARTIN Gator Assistant Sports Editor A triangular meet is on tap between Florida, Duke and Geor-' The Gator thinclads wc urig:nallv slated to take on the FBue Devils last Wednesday and 'e Engineers tomorrow. b:At a as minute change resulted :n the three-way contest since both visting squads are on spring vacation. Henry Wadsworth. who se a Florida Relays record with a 15-1i4 inch leap. will be favored to take the pole vaultmng event. Coach Percy Beard's springing corps will be bolstered by the return of dash man Don Deal. vho has been excused from spring iootball drills to compete. Co-captams Tommy Michels and Art Foster will be favored in their respective evenings. Foster will compete n the broad jump, his speciality, while Micheis !will run the high and low hurdles and take part in the 140 relay along with Deal. Bill Lowenstein, and Ted Mealor Lowenstein. a sophomore. will be the workhorse of the Gator team. Besides the 440 relay, he' is entered in the 220-yeard dash, 440 dash, and mile relav. Ron Allen will run in the mile and half mile runs, while Eddie I'Davis takes part in the haif mile and Dale Patten will run the mile. LARRY LIBERTORE. ...Leads White Team oam u-uoiu FRIDAY, APRIL I SAMSON AND DELILA VICTOR MATURE HONG KONG AFFAIR JACK KELLY SATURDAY, APRIL 2 BIG COUNTRY GREGORY PECK THUNDER ROAD ROBERT MITCHUM ESCORT WEST VICTOR MATURE SUNDAY & MONDAY GIRLS TOWN MAMIE VAN DOREN CAT ON A HOT TIN ROOF ELIZABETH TAYLOR TUESDAY THEY ROAD WEST ROBERT FRANCIS WEDNESDAY RAINTREE COUNTY ELIZABETH TAYLOR FRIDAY THE BEAT GENERATION STEVE COCKRAN NEVER SO FEW FRANK SiNATRA Ho'eit\er. the 'Bu ll elled other phases like don io aIIit ii ad vidual runmng of th e volng iia ifhatIS 1 r mdiW.jiverity Avm TODAY AND FR 6-6606 OW _12:4_5P.I .I SATURDAY READ EVERY WORD OF THIS AD! THEN COME AND SEE THE PICTURE THAT WILL SURPRISE YOU .MAY SHOCK YOU! THE ONLY PICTURE THAT WAS EVER BANNED IN FRANCE! 0OROT14y cufty DAN DREGE JURGENS DPJDCLOE UANDO alwysthe h ~ADVENTURE wn AS BOLD 011 Me. W1 Zlm ~~AS THE ih -* 70 wa e .4 o IN ENGLISH 0 N COLOR Sun. -Mon. -"FRANKENSTEIN 1970" -Karloff Hot Weather Favorites Our Natural Shoulder Cambri Cloth, What pleases most young men about our Cambri Cloth suits is their trim comfortable appearance The reason is the balanced blend of 50% dacron and 50% cotton Gord c of Philadelphic skillfully tailors these suits to give you a natural unrestrained smoothness in fit ...styled three button deep hook vent Suits GILBERT'S "THE HOUSE OF 1,000 FABRICS" Q WHO IS SHE? ( how does she do it?) 0 Why, SHE'S TIH GIRL who sews! Smc s the g ri in Mccawl. d-0ytO-A A -A GPie r sa ors Ste s the gir: -r' tre erect tf She s the girl in troe smartest fab-ic ~nd sr'carnt, 'eyo I *A See e' 'r oi fa4r dc tartment anc tner."'= N"a Pat@ 6 VOLKSWAGEN YOUR AUTHORIZED DEALER MILLER-BROWN MOTORS, Inc. 1030 E. University Ave. FR 2-3582 SALES -SERVICE -PARTS Complete Body Shop Have a real cigarette-have a CAMEL U Offensive Fireworks To Spice Scrimmage Moi'e offensive f: c\\oi0 than ,iI r'wI ( 1 "A expeLted at Florida Field Satu'iday' afternoon as Coach Ray Graves gr:dcldes coIIC [ii pilingg football practice with a fm" s mnm i m Game time is 2 &t Liber'ore Featur'd The biu p spl.n11plact c \f mr t 0(n ~ -'' Ind 0!ssn otd:' "mhj 'h .I eii' e b: -t: 1 1 1 oi' : *)si)r .-Dick $l~effiv anti Rob iA, .~ 1 play. Libertore 'will il! p-s. t \\ Hwid, ra"11011-11a em C('aptam Bill Ilt a n c I ticumrly u I pra.ed in4 b tile ti nd a e :ypc ot u I see do so u elI so hn, k 0;1e*PC (Iicatd several 1 e : hec, ;n1 signal-calers, subpac ptn'et .mI 
