
PAGE 1

the independent florida Not officially associated with the Un varsity of Florida Published by Campus Communications, Inc. of Gainesville, Florida We Inform. You Decide. ftecycle MfNDAvAPRIi 5aAi , POPE JOHN PAUL 111920-2005 efecting on a legend By LINDSAY TAULBEE Alligator Writer Itaulbee @ alligator.org Since the death of Pope John Paul IIon Saturday, Gainesville residents and students reflected on the life and death of a "complex" man, whom they say served as a leader 'andlived as an example to others. HeHe showed us how to live, He showed us how to die," said Kathleen Stopyra, former secretary of the Catholic student group 6 eNewman Club. "His teachings affected my life. He made you feel like you knew him," she said, tearing up as she spoke. Sunday Mass at St. Augustine Catholic Church, 1738W University Ave., was not much busier than usual, a parish official said. Memorial services for the pope are planned for today and Tuesday. Tonight's vigil begins at 8, and Tuesday's 7:30 p.m. service, also at St. Augustine, will commemorate his life. Larry Lataif, co-coordinator of the Catholic Student Fellowship at U, said it was interesting to see the impact the pontiff had on people around the world. He noted it was an "amazing experience" to watch the news with non-Catholic friends. "They were admiring him as if he were their leader," he said. "Even though he was half a world away, everyone knew who he was; every one knew his mission." Lataif said he initially was saddened by the news of the pope's death, adding, "Because he was such an amazing man, we do need to be able to celebrate him too." St. Augustine priest Tun Lozier said John Paul's death brought "a lot of sadness, a real sense of losing a father." Casey Anderson / Alligator Staff "When this happens it shows the A UF student prays at St. Augustine Catholic Church on Sunday. impact the pope has and his role as An afternoon service was held in honor of the late Pope John Paul the visible symbol of our unity," he II, who died Saturday night. said. SEE POPE, PAGE 9 Marathon raises record donations By KYLIE CRAIG Alligator Writer kcraig@alligator.org Bodies collapsed to the floor of the Stephen C. O'Connell Center as the 32-hour-long Dance Marathon came to a close Sunday evening. However, the 650 students who took part in the philanthropy event didn't stay seated long. The entire arena erupted with cheers and tears when volunteers announced a record-breaking $307,764 On was raised to benefit the Children's Miracle Campus Network and Shands Children's Hospital. "It was pure pandemonium after we heard $300,000 was broken," Dance Marathon public relations chair Ashley Barwig said. "I was shocked." Students stayed awake and standing for nearly a day and a half straight, only allowed to sit down for bathroom breaks. "You get the option to brush your teeth and shower, but I decided not to do it," Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fraternity member Matt Pavese said, adding how dirty he felt from his lack of hygiene. The students joined together multiple times to perform a choreographed dance they learned on Saturday. SEE DANCE, PAGE 12 ADMINISTRATION UF ratings mixed By STEPHANIE GARRY Alligator Staff Writer smgarry@alligator.org UF's education and engineering schools led the university in graduate programs, both ranking 25th in the nation in U.S. News & World Report's annual guide to graduate schools. In the report released last week, UF's business graduate program jumped 11 positions to No. 42 in the nation this year, while the medical school's research program slid 6 spots to No. 46. Though the U.S. News report is one measure of UF's goal of moving into the Top 10 public research universities, many educators think the criteria are arbitrary and often-changing, causing the results to change more than the schools do. Al Warrington, who serves on UF's highest governing body -the Board of Trustees -and for whom. the business school was named, blamed arbitrary criteria for the wild fluctuation the business school has Warrington seen in its rankings during the last few years. Last year, the business graduate program was No. 53 in the nation, a drop of 26 positions from the previous year. "It's great that we moved SEE US NEWS, PAGE 12 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" M1 Location, location and more enforcement -those are the main concerns of Student Government's three (or more) groups concerned with parking convenience on UF's campus. See story, pg. 8. FORECAST 2 OPINIONS 5 CLASSIFIEDS 14 CROSSWORD 20 Sunny SPORTS 23 78/51 visit www.alligator.org VOLUME 98 ISSUE 129 0 Freshman quarterback Josh Portis didn't solve UF's backup quarterback problems Saturday, but Portis did show flashes of what could arrive in the team's future. See story, pg. 23. I I^ 1 1 lRfirfO I cl I Ir, 4 %C'l 

PAGE 2

2, ALLIGATOR E MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 News Today FORECAST TODAY x111 SUNNY 78/51 TUESDAY SUNNY 82/56 "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" WHAT'S HAPPENING 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. "Graphic Design Student Show" President's Lobby, SFCC 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. "Reflections on the Shallow Sea: Visual Culture on Andros Island" WEDNESDAY PARTLY CLOUDY 82/61 THURSDAY THUNDER STORMS 77/53 FRIDAY PARTLY CLOUDY 77/47 Griner Gallery 7:30 p.m. Kristin Stoner (flute) UniversityAuditorium 8 & 10:30 p.m. "Bottle Rocket" Reitz Union Cinema CORRECTION Last Wednesday's "Women in Politics" forum was held in Rinker Hall. We reported otherwise in Thursday's Alligator. We regret the error. The Aligator strives to be accurate and clear in its news reports and editorials. If you find an error, please ca)l our newsroom at (352) 3764458 or send an e-mail to editor@aligator.org. the independleit florida VOLUME 98 ISSUE 129 ISSN 0889-2423 Not officially associated with the University of Florida Published by Campus Communications Inc., of Gainesville, Florida NEWSROOM 352-376-4458 (Voice), 352-376-4467 (Fax) Editor Dwayne Robinson, drobinson@alligator.org Managing Editor / Print Mike Gimignani, mgimignani@alligator.org Managing Editor/ New Media Matthew Kelly, mkelly@alligator.org Sports Editor Ian Fisher, ifisher@alligator.org Assistant Sports Editor Louis Anastasis, lanastasis@alligator.org alligatorSports.org Editor Andrew Abramson, aabramson@alligator.org University Editor Justin Hemlepp, jhemlepp@alligator.org Metro Editor Eva Kis, ekis@alligator.org Freelance Editor Natalie Liem, nliem@alligator.org Assignment Editor Nick Weidenmiller, nweidenmiller@alligator.org Tallahassee Bureau Chief James VanLandingham,jvani@alligator.org Opinions Editor Matt Sanchez, msanchez@alligator.org Editorial Board DwaynenRobinson, Mike Gimignani, Matt Sanchez, Lauren Flanagan, Diana Middleton, Craig Singleton Photo Editor Casey Anderson, canderson@alligator.org Assistant Photo Editor Nick West, nwest@alligator.org Photo Staff Matt Marriott, Emily Harris, Tricia Coyne the Avenue Editor Kelly-Anne Suarez, ksuarez@alligator.org the Avenue Assistant Editor Sarah Anderson, sanderson@alligatororg Art Director Andy Marlette Copy Desk Chiefs Matt Cmar, Sheryl Rosen, Ryan Worthington Copy Editors Robert Beltran, Chris Berger, Mary Beth Bishop, Gayle Cohen, Carly Felton, Jennifer Freihofer, Lyndsy Lewis, Krissi Palmer, Heather Romans,Stephanie Rosenblatt, Lynne Schultz, Michael Schutz, Brandy Stearns, Marianna Tuninskaya Staff Bryan App, Bridget Carey, Stephanie Garry, Gregg Girvan, Megan Seery, Brian Shaffer New Media Staff Assistant Editor Gwen Heimburg New Media Staff Dan Jimmerson DISPLAY ADVERTISING 352-376-4482,800-496-0265 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Advertising Director Brad Smith, bsmith@alligator.org Advertising Office Manager Marybeth Miller, mmiller@alligator.org Advertising Office Assistants Joshua Appelbaum, Elizabeth Cueto Sales Representatives Patrick Sherry, Melissa Vloedman Jim McCaddin, Joel Fernandez Kyle Moore, Lindsey Kuhn Chris Pacheco, Anne Garcia Jennifer Rudloff, Jennifer Simmons Sales Development/Intern Coordinator Neil Callanan CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING 352-373-FIND (Voice), 352-376-3015(Fax) Classified Advertising Manager Ellen Light, ellight@alligator.org Classified Clerks Leah Zissimopulos, Bethany O'Neill, Merab-Michal Favorite, Marianne Cooper CIRCULATION Operations Manager Scott McKearnan, smckearnan@ailigator.org Operations Assistant Clint Day BUSINESS 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) Comptroller Ramona Pelham, rpelham@alligator.org Bookkeeper Lucy Richards, lrichards@alligator.org Bookkeeper .Patricia Merrow, pmerrow@alligator.org Student Accounting Clerks Brandon Edwards, Keith Enright Michael Sanders, Alex Thurn ADMINISTRATION 352-376-4446 (Voice), 352-376-4556 (Fax) .General Manager C.E. Barber, cebarber@alligator.org Assistant General Manager Patricia Carey, tcarey@alligator.org Administrative Manager Allison Sinclair, Lorena Crowley Administrative Assistant -Lenora McGowan, lmcgowan@alligator.org Production/System Assistant Productio Information Technolol Advertising Prodl Editorial Produ If what happened on your insides happened on your outside, would you still smoke? AMEOCIE someone special. Advertise in The Alligator classifieds. 373-FIND F PRODUCTION/SYSTEMS ts Manager Vern Bean, vbean@alligator.org tn Manager Stephanie Gocklin, sgocklin@alligator.org gy Manager Brian Dwyer, bdwyer@alligator.org action Staff Elizabeth Houston, Shana Langfur, Jovan Ribadeo, Nick Johnson, Kate Barnes, Michelle.Stewart, Maggie Peuler action Staff Jennifer LaBrie, Natasha Weinstein, Kate Mullan, Amy Oglesby, Melissa Garcia The Independent Florida Alligator is a student newspaper serving the University of Florida, published by a nonprofit 501 (c)(3) educational organization, Campus Communications Inc., P.O. Box 14257, Gainesville, Florida, 32604-2257. The Alligator is published Monday through Friday mornings, except during holidays and exam periods. During UF summer academic terms The Alligator is published Tuesdays and Thursdays. The Alligator is a member of the Newspaper Association of Anierica, National Newspaper Association, Florida Press Association and Southern University Newspapers. Subscription Rates: One Semester (Fall or Spring) $18 Summer Semester $10 Two Semesters (Fall or Spring) $35 Full Year (All Semesters) $40 The Alligator offices are located at 1105 W. University Ave. Classified advertising can be placed at that location from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday, except for holidays. Classifieds also can be placed at the UF Bookstore. @ Copyright 2005. All rights reserved. No portion of The Alligator maybe reproduced in any means without the written consent of an officer of Campus Communications Inc. 

PAGE 3

MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 U ALLIGATOR, 3 Get the AC for your with IV, It means we'll pay you an A % on all books you sell back. No need to lug heavy books around looking for the -5l DEA We'll pay you the most iA Nmii e Bub 'L. CARLTON AUDITORIUM U Ck LmCatons. 4,3 UF BOOKSTORE HUB HEALTH SCIENCE CENTER BOOKSTORE SW REC CENTER VET MED BOOKSTORE BEAT TOWERS PLAZA OF THE AMERICAS CMUE O UNIVERSITY OF:-,-FLORIDA BOOKSTORES e I dA J,4'~ '4e'k~ a" R1S,,,.~aa ,sTE ,,, -11_______ ;w -AU.-NY? 

PAGE 4

4, ALLIGATOR E MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 ON CAMPUS Deaf sign their tales By LINDSAY TAULBEE Alligator Writer taulbee@aIIigator.org With precise gestures and animated facial expressions, Paul Jones barely stood still for' more than a moment as he used American Sign Language, or ASL, to tell a tale about scuba diving. Jones, who is deaf, kept the audience in the Reitz Union Grand Ballroom laughing as he opened the Signing Gators' Deaf Storytelling Festival on Saturday. More than 100 attended the event, including ASL students and professors from several schools, Gainesville residents who are deaf and visitors from as far away as Jacksonville and Winter Springs. The six storytellers entertained the audience with well-known tales, such as "Hansel and Gretel," jokes and personal experiences ranging from a hit-and-run crash to traveling after retirement. "It's a tradition," Signing Gators president Joann Grages said. "It's very popular in the deaf community to have storytelling festivals." The storytellers used both ASL and English Sign Language, which vary in vocabulary and structure. Other storytellers included Annie Pearl Murphy; husbandand-wife Frank and Rita Slater; and Stephen Hardy III and Darvin Felicien, who stepped in after two scheduled speakers were unable to come. Hardy is the former president of the Florida Association of the Deaf Inc. "[The festival is] a big deal for deaf people especially, because that's how their culture is passed down." Sarah Overholser Florida Community College at Jacksonville student Grages said to the best of her knowledge, a festival of this type had not been held in Gainesville before. In the future, her group would like to host the festival semiannually, she said. Florida Community College at Jacksonville student Sarah Overholser attended the festival after learning about it from a professor. "It's a big deal for deaf people especially," she said, "because that's how their culture is passed down." .I~' % **%4 49~)E *~( ( *guf'% (. "Copyrighted Material Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" MON: ALL YOU CAR EAT WINGS 5-11PM $2 16 oz MICH. LIGHT ALUM. CANS TUEs: $1 22 oz DOMESTIC DRAFTS J0. z,. $1 22 oz IMPORT DRAFTS .SZOR110 WIPURCHASE OF SOUVINIER CUP START AT THE NATION'S LARGEST INDEPENDENT COLLEGE NEWSPAPER. Wherever you go after college, experience is the edge you'll need to find a job. Start your career now by getting the experience. alli9,"n or Central America Health Sciences UIiIcesity Behize Medica1College informational Open House I us andicarn mr about you CIn vespyrcdfFr nation 10,, -Room 7 Monday Apr El or adduonal n infoTato .T sda,1Ap 1 2: US Informal ton O a P. Box 55996,WannDC TI: 1.877.5239 7 w%;w.CAHSU~du: E-mail:.rccrutcrs@easu~c Radiant Research is conducting a clinical research study examining the safety of an FDA approved topical lotion on healthy adults, age 18 to 55 years old. Qualified participants will receive all study-related care and treatment and will notbe charged. You will be required to stay in the facility for 2 nights. You may receive compensation up to $650 for time and travel. Call Mon-Fri for more information 877.851.1050 352.331.8949 1014 NW 57th Street, Ste. A, Gainesville, FL HE 'A R H www.radiantresearch.com In the groove Students watch as brothers of Iota Phi Lambda Fraternity dance on Turlington Plaza on Friday. One member of the fraternity pulled his car onto the Plaza and used its stereo for the performance. .giw -j AC I -a rl 

PAGE 5

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 U ALLIGATOR, 5 Benefits are needed for UF equality cople take for granted what they have, and the issue of domesticpartner benefits is no exception. Heterosexuals never even think twice about whether or not they will be insured or covered by their partner's workplace. But same-sex couples do, and all of these excuses about why they should not have these benefits just sounds like baloney. This issue of domestic-partner benefits is not about God, or Bibles; it's about equal rights -and the same excuses were used when interracial marriages came into question. But, in the end, equal rights prevailed as they should -and they will again. It is not anyone's place to judge another's Allison love for their Andrews partner. And Speaking Out in ternts of what state Rep. Dennis Baxley, R-Ocala, has been saying about homosexuals not having monogamous relationships, I just have to wonder how many homosexuals he knows. Under current UF policy, if a professor is married and his or her spouse or children get sick, their benefits cover the medical bills. But if a professor is in a same-sex relationship, the partner or children would not be covered no matter if they have been together for 30 years. This kind of discrimination is horrendous, and UF should offer the same security for all of its employees. I think most people don't realize exactly what domestic-partner benefits are. These benefits include medical and dental insurance, disability and life insurance, pension benefits, family and bereavement leave, education and tuition assistance, credit-union membership, relocation and travel expenses and inclusion of partners in company events. The Human Rights Campaign has documented that the total number of 'colleges, governments and private corporations that offer domestic-partner benefits is more than 2,500. SEE ANDREWS, PAGE 7 Viemswpoints ALLIGATOR www.aIigator.org/opinions A Af. Attention All Stuffdenflt: The SG Finance Office has openings for part-time student employees. Students from any major are nedded for customer service positions. Positions are 10 hours per week at minimum wage. Application forms can be filled out and interview appointments made in person at SG Finance Office located at room 337 of J.Wayne Reitz Union. Deadline for application: Friday, April 22,2005 Questions: Telephone 392-1665 ext. 337 Attention Pre-Med Students: College of Medicine Electives for Pre-Medical Undergraduates Register on ISIS under "Medicine-General" Check out http://www.psychiatry.ufl.edu/courses for details & syllabus MEL 4011 "Introduction to the Professions of Medicine" -3 Credits: Offered Fall, Spring, and Summer B/C 100% Web-based and OnlineV An overview of Anerican Healthcare and the different MD specialties as well as non-MD health careers A chance to become a Teaching Assistant and interact with Medical Students after course completion -Email mel4011@grove.ufl.edu MEL 4012 "Physicians' Shadow: Experiences in Clinical Practice" -Prerequisite of MEL 4011 or MEL 5011 required -3 Credits: Offered Fall, Spring, and Sunuer C (beginning in Fall 2005) A chance to shadow UF physicians in area clinics A detailed look at applying to Medical School,pitfalls and success stories -Email mel40I2@ilgrove.ufl.edu MADDIE'S Pet Re5cue Project ofAlachua County presents 6 Convenient loCations, 10 hours and 200 pets for you to love VetRescuer C 

PAGE 6

6, ALLIGATOR S MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 Editorial Benefits battle Partner benefits are one more step toward Top-10 n order to evaluate the issue of partner benefits for samesex UF faculty and staff, let's examine two scenarios in which a prospective faculty member (PFM) attends job interviews with UF and a competitor. PFM: "How much does the job pay?" UF: "About three-quarters of the national average. PFM: "OK. how about benefits for my partner?" UF: "How does 'none' sound to you?" Needless to say, the PFM probably did not take the job. A couple of days later, the PFM interviews with another upwardly mobile public institution (UMPI). PFM: "How much does the job pay?" UMPI: "A little more than the national average, plus good. bonus options." PFM: "Great. What about partner benefits?" UMPI: "We offer a comprehensive health care plan as well as tuition discounts." PFM: "Can I start tomorrow? I've got my stuff in a moving van outside." See how much better that went? Unlike the majority of the theoretical scenarios the Alligator editorial board uses to illustrate our points, this one likely is all too close to reality UP will never realize its goals in its push for Top 10 public research university status unless it makes an effort to attract exceptional new faculty members. In today's world, the homosexual/heterosexual ratio of these exceptional facultym inbers increasingly is moving toward equilibrium. UF, then, cannot hope to assemble a faculty of the best and brightest -regardless of race, gender and sexual orientation -unless it provides competitive benefits for all. If UF had particularly high salary rates for its faculty, perhaps it could overcome this. But this simply is not the case. Eight of the current Top 10 public universities (via U.S. News & World Report) offer some form of partner benefits, and there is a national movement toward the same -including some states in which it is a legal requirement. UF cannot afford to lag behind in this issue-if it wants to move ahead. That is not to say, however, that opponents do not have valid concerns. For instance, Florida doesn't recognize same-sex unions, so there is no legal method by which a faculty or staff member could claim a partner. Because of this, there must be a system put into place that would discourage faculty and staff from saying a recent boyfriend or girlfriend (or, possibly, just a friend) is a "partner" in order to capitalize on this. One way would be to require a proof of residency. In that case, those seeking benefits would produce documents from both partners, such as bills and paychecks, which had been sent to the same residence over a set period of time. But these concerns should be ironed out in the development of the system; they should not be reasons not to have the system in the first place. Probably the biggest hurdle UF will have to face in the push for partner benefits is the Florida Legislature. It is no secret that the Legislature tends to oppose anything that could be considered recognition of same-sex marriages. But the university should not be cowed by legislators. Change sometimes requires that someone speak out first, and who better to do so than an institution that prides itself on furthering human intellectual progress? UF cannot afford to tread water -much less fall behind -in such pressing social issues if it is to become a top public institution. the independent florida alligator17 Dwayne Robinson Matt Sanchez EDITOR OPINIONS EDITOR Mike Girnignani .Lauren Flanagan MANAGING EDITOR Diana Middleton Craig Singleton EDITORIAL BOARD The Alligator encourages comments from readers. Letters to the editor should not exceed 150 word s la u one lttet-saed page). They e nst ee typed. dosblespaced and Must include the asthers 'are, classiiatrern ash phoea nsmbrer. Namres will be withheld rt the writer shorts jutcause. We deserve the rrght toeadit for length, grammea, style aed lihal. Seed letters to lettersgallrgator.otg ren themr te 115 W. Uniersry Ave., ar seed tem to RO. eBot 1257, Gainesville, FL 32604-2257.Columns of about 450 words about original topres.and editorial cartoons are also welcome. Questions? Cali 376-4458. Opinions -~ --Guest column Be fair -ban marr LAWRENCE, Kan. (U-WIRE) here is a marriage fever in America. Everybody wants to get married. The mother asked the little girl, "What do you want to do when you grow up?" And the little girl said, "I want to get married." This is the dream of girls in America. They go through life waiting for the moment they are going to get married. Girls I have met here talk about marriage as if it were necessary, as though marriage was something you have to do at some point in life. What they did not consider was that the possibility of not getting married is not that bad. Women have been fighting to be dissociated from the marriage -institution and be seen as more independent individuals since the '60s. Many girls still think marriage is the commodity that brings happiness. Now even same-sex couples want to conform to the traditional institution of marriage. While women are fighting to be more independent, same-sex couples are fighting to get married. Marriage is not hip. Gay couples were hip because they had non-stereotyped relationships that worked better than the traditional roles played by regular couples. They should not try to conform to old stereotypes, like marriage. Marriage has failed in our society. If samTe-sex couples realized what was involved in marriage, they might not fight for it. People should be careful in fighting for something that they could regret later. They should do some research on divorce rates in America. According to the Divorce Reform Web site, about 50 percent of marriages end in divorce. I would say same-sex couples should be happy that they are not allowed to get married. It is not a disadvaniage for everybody Julia tage -it is a benefit. Melim Coelho If women and men were not alU-Wire lowed to get married, they would save so much grief, so much money in divorce paperwork and so much hassle to split the assets. Not to mention, the money the government would save. According to the same Web site, the United States spends about $33.3 billion each year in divorces. All this money could be used for education, health and Social Security. We should just stop the marriages to avoid the divorces. Same-sex couples could have the perfect formula of happiness: Independent relationships without the commitment of marriage. Now they are fighting to get what has destroyed most relationships on earth: marriage. In fact, nobody should be able to get married. On April 5, when Kansas votes about the same-sex marriage ban, they should include, "Marriage is the union between one man and one woman, and it should never be allowed in any circumstance because it is the greater source of unhappiness in America these days." Then I would vote for it. But banning marriage for same-sex couples is not enough. They should ban it for everybody. If marriage is banned for everybody, when the mother asked her daughter what she wanted to do ivhen she grows up, she would still say, "I want to get married." But then, the mother would say, "I am sorry, darling, but now marriage is illegal." And then the girl would reply, "Oh, OK, then I will go to law school." And then all couples could live happily ever after. Julia Mclim Ceclho is a student at the University of Kansas. This column originally appeared in the Univeirsity Daily Kansan. The views expressed here are not necessarily those of the Alligator. Reader response Today's question: Should UF offer domestic-partner benefits to faculty and staff? Friday's question: Did we getcha? Vote or post a message at www.alligator.org 39% YES 61% NO 57 TOTAL VOTES 

PAGE 7

Letters to the Editor Diversity shouldn't trump capability Editor: Ayn Rand said, "There is a great deal to be said about the horrifying approach of a world dominated by people who prefer 'ascription' to 'achievement,' and who seek a physiologically determined, automatically given status rather than a status they have to earn." Equally "horrifying" is the idea that a certain ascription means achievement. President Machen suggests increasing graduate student diversity implies increasing UF's position among research universities. While this may appear to be trueand it might very well be true -let the applicant's academic achievement prove that and not a checkbox other than White/Caucasian. It's insulting to everyone. For the "worldclass institution" Machen seeks, is there a number that's "diverse enough?" There's no gray area between ascription and achievement. You can't have both. And I ask the president, were universities created to mirror the world? If so, I was mistaken in my decision to attend a "world-class institution." Christina O'Neill 4EG Students often need time to explore Editor: Why should going beyond four years for undergraduate studies automatically be seen as a failure and a reason for penalty? When coming into college as a 17or 18-year-old, it is tough to determine what career path one wants to take for the next 40 years of their life. There are many students I am sure who did know the answer to that question, but I am not one of them. Even when you do decide on a certain course, it may not be what you expected, and you will switch again. Or maybe you would like to add a business minor to your workload. Or maybe, in the end, you pick internships and actual real-world experience over taking classes in the summer. Whatever the reason is for staying longer than the customary four years, consequent years should not be penalized. Students still are paying tuition for those so-called unnecessary classes under Bright Futures or by their own money because it is their right. I earned my Bright Futures and have used it to the maximum. In fact, those unnecessary courses on my transcript were very necessary for me to determine what I really wanted to do with my college education. Just because a student takes longer does not mean they should be penalized for searching out their calling and being ambitious in their career path. Brandon Moore 5BCN .. Lawyer earned respect, not mockery Editor: I, as much as anyone else, can appreciate a good joke, but there are times when respect and tact need to be taken into consideration. The caricature about John Cochran printed in Wednesday's issue of your newspaper was inappropriate. A man has just lost his life, and you feel it is acceptable to make light of his passing. Regardless of peoples' opinions about his professional life, no one can deny that he excelled in his field. He should be honored and respected for his achievements, not mocked. Nneka Bennett .iLS MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 U ALLIGATOR, 7 ANDREWS, from page 5 Competitive benefits packages have become extremely important in attracting the best employees. Companies that offer such benefits usually have requirements for who can receive them, such as: having lived together for a specified period and being responsible for each other's financial welfare, not blood relatives, at least 18 years old, mentally competent and not legally married. So, in terms of having to cover 300 partners, as Baxley assumes, it is not feasible for all 300 to meet these requirements. Undergraduate students at UF have partner benefits in terms of healthcare and recreational facilities, and they have had these benefits for three or four years. As a student who soon will be attending graduate school, whether a university offers partner benefits or allows samesex couples to live in family housing will be a big factor in choosing where I will attend. I know UF eventually will get domesticpartner benefits, but how many prestigious professors and graduate students will it miss out on during the long wait before these benefits are actually offered? Allison Andrews is the president ofPride Student Union. ARE YOU INTEREllSTED? We are looking for healthy males and females between the ages of 18-50 to participate in a clinical research trial. We are evaluating an investigational drug for future use in the treatment of osteoporosis. be in good general health be a non-smoker if female, must be of non-child bearing potential or have been postrenopausal for at least 2 years be taking no medications This study takes place over an eight week period and is divided into 2 sessions. It requires 1 screening visit, 2-night, 3-day overnight for both sessions at our Phase 1 Unit at 2 SW Archer Road, Gainesville, F1 and 2 or tient visits after discharge from the unit. may receive up to $950.00 for completing study. Food and lodging will be provided you during your overnight stays. Drug and alcohol testing will be done. For more information please call: (352) 273-5500 or toll free (888) 635-0763 and ask for the Recruiting Department Phse I Diector: Robert Thompso Subject Recruiters: Judy Benz-Hester 66 PatdceGrant Protect yourself against AIDS. stays 401 9g h rdeA' 9.9th Ifat Annithersar!,0 S1Ite 1976f 764 DRAFTS Live music at 6pm Wine Tasting Party Every Friday in the New Tuscawilla Room 6Dm! $5 Located Behind The Swamp 376-2233 education recruitment day april 19, 2005 9:00 a.m. -2:00 p.m. Reitz Union Grand Ballroom attend our spring workshop-series (al workshops are in the'Crir Resonirce Cen ter cla-sronm) 4/6 5:0p. -6:00pm Education Resumes 4/11 5:00 p.M. -6:00 p.m. Education Interviews 4/14 5:00 p. d6:00 p i Education Recruitment Day Preparation vww~rc.uI. ed/ care erfairs or 352.392.1601 id a tpaM the n 1718 W. Univ Ave the 0378-7033 to HOUSE MONDAY-NIGHTS: $1.00 Coronas e 2-4-1 Liquor Drinks 2-4-1 Bottles 2-4-1 Drafts Live DJ NO COVER Thursdays available for Private Parties EATING RIGH T IS HIGHLY7.1 LOGICAL Recommendations: Eat high-fiber foods, such as fruits, vegetables, and whole grain products. Eat fewer high \-fat foods Maintain normal body weight. And live long and prosper. CALL THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY AT 1-800-ACS-2345 FOR FREE NUTRITION AMERIQAN ',I CANCER < SOCIElY' STAR TREK & @ 1,E89 PARAMOUNT PICTURES CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY) AUTHORIZED USER. 

PAGE 8

8, ALLIGATOR U MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 STuET LFE Commitees seek pE By DAVID COHEN Alligator Writer dcohen@alligator.org Location, location and more enforcement -those are the main concerns of Student Government's no fewer than three separate groups concerned with making parking more convenient on UF's campus. Student Body President Jamal Sowell said SG is interested in convenience and "something that can help a specific area on campus" when deciding where to construct two new parking garages within the next four years called for in UF's master plan. Sowell said the Student Traffic Court, which .is working with Transportation and Parking Services to find the most ideal location for the project, is looking to construct one of the garages near the Levin College of Law. However, plans are far from being finalized. Sowell said the bulk of the expense of the garages will be financed by the Capital Improvement Trust Fund, the account set asidefor the construction of non-academic student facilities. SG is looking into increasing funding from other areas as well through three committees that concentrate on parking. Are you tired of all that 1 million trees must be cut down every year to help provide the paper for magazines, catalogs and junk mail resulting in 40 million tons of paper clogging the landfills each year. dunk mail is one of the most difficult papers to recycle. It is deeply inked and colored. The process takes a large amount of water and chemicals. The slurry formed after this process is nothing more that industrial waste. GET RID OF IT! Write to the address below and have national junk mail stopped: Mail Preference Service Direct Marketing Association 6 East 43rd St. NY, NY 10017 Source: "Let's Talk Trash, Big Blue's Guide F to Garbage," City of Gainesville. The Student Traffic Court is "kept abreast about all issues," Sowell said, while the Transportation and Parking Services Committee, which is composed of administrators and students, focuses on technical details. The newly formed Senate AdHoc Parking Comnmittee's job is to submit suggestions to the Student Senate and solicit student opinions and suggestions. "Our school does a very good job of enforcing. I'm not sure how much more our school could enforce. Of course, we always need more parking." Jamal Sowell Student Body president "[It's] just a committee to get some information together," Sowell said. At the committee's second meeting Thursday, it was suggested that implementing stricter enforcement of parking regulations, rather than creating more spaces, would be the best solution to solve the on-campus parking problem. One idea was to employ more officers. rking fix However, Sowell, who was not present at the meeting, does not agree. "Our school does a very good job of enforcing," Sowell said. "I'm not sure how much more our school could enforce. Of course, we always need more parking." The Senate's infant committee also had the idea of allowing students one "free" parking ticket -in other words, a first offense for violating on-campus parking restrictions could be waived. Sowell said the budget of Transportation and Parking Services should be investigated. "That's how they generate revenue," Sowell said. "Research has to be done." He also said he believes freshmen should not be denied the option of bringing their cars despite the overcrowded situation. "I don't think a school should limit freshmen bringing cars," he said, noting that some students work all through high school to buy a car and calling the proposition unfair. Sowell admitted he gets parking tickets every now and then. "I have to struggle to find parking like anybody else," Sowell said. "I park somewhere different every day." Are you Graduating and unsure about your future? Enhance career possibilities with the Warrington College of Business MVA.S TER OFI SCIEtNCE A one-year Master's degree in Business for non-business majors Information Session Tuesday,April 5th 7 PM -Stuzin Hall, Room 103 (UF Campus) www.cba.ufl.edu/msm msmktlba.ufl.edu (352) 273-0344 Arts studio opens By VALERIA LENTO Alligator Contributing Writer More than 100 students visited The Studio on the ground floor of the Reitz Union during its grand opening Friday. Students explored their creativity through potato printing and fish stamping, as well as painting pottery. "We're doing demos of everything so people will know what to do and expect when they come in," said student manager Jennifer Klahm. At The Studio, students can produce craft pieces -from earrings and tie-dyed shirts to frames and mugs On -at affordable prices and at their own pace. Campus The concept for The Studio, which serves as a satellite to the Arts and Crafts Center located in the basement of the Reitz, evolved last summer when members from the center questioned what they could do to expand their facility and bring in more students, Klahm explained. Klahm said she believes The Studio will attract more people due to its location. The Studio, which is 100 percent student-run, is open to the general public and will extend its hours, including weekends, during Fall, Klahm said. Studio assistant Stephanie David said she loves'her job. Meeting people who share her passion for art or are beginning to discover it is the thing she enjoys most. "I think it's exciting to actually see people come in and enjoying it and wanting to come back," she said. Sophomore Danielle Payne was drawn to the grand opening by the free food offered but said she will return. "I'm going to spend all my money over here," she said. "I'm going to be broke." We're Begging for people who have been vaccinated against hepatitis B. Only youl can be paid to help save jives. Earn up to $975 in 3 months! d It OPEN. MON-T URS SAM-M FR 8AM-5PMN I AT 6A-t Bring this ad is for a $5 bonus on your first donation. Ending Gender Stereotypes: A New Path to Full Equality with: Wilchins April 4, 2005 8pm Grand Ballroom Riki Wilchins is the Executive Director for Gender PAC and the author of Read My Lips, GenderQueer, and Queer Theory/ Gender Theory. Sponsored by: Accent and Pride Student Union www.ufpam.org 

PAGE 9

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 U ALLIGATOR, 9 ~" ~ *~ r ~ *t%~, ~'e 4,,, N I it .9, "Copyrighted Material. Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" rA4v Students remember Pope John Paul II as forgiving, a great leader POPE, from page 1 Savio Pinto, an economics junior who attended the 5:30 p.m. service at St. Augustine, expressed similar sentiments. "He lived by example and through his action," he said. "If he can forgive someone who tried to assassinate him, then we should be able to forgive our neighbors for the little things," he said, referring to a 1981 assassination attempt against the pope in St. Peter's Square. Adrian Gonzalez, a political science freshman, said that although John Paul's death would have little impact on his day-today life, that was a testament to the success of the institution. "It will keep going no matter what," he said. The Rev. Guy Noonan, also of St. Augustine Catholic Church, said his leader's death brought mixed feelings. "I felt sad because a very important man had left the scene. I felt relieved that he was relieved from suffering. I felt very much awed and grateful that he was willing to let his ministry as a teacher of values go up to his very last moments," he said. Noonan likened the pope's death to an empty chair at the head of a dining table. He noted that in the church, a chair sits with a black cloth to signify the lack of leadership. "So thechair needs to be filled again," he said. Noonan also commented on the pope's proclivity to use media to his advantage, to access the world and to be accessible. "I share with those that say he will go down in history as John Paul the Great," he said. The Pope was not perfect; because no one is, but that "he was right up there with the best of them," Noonan said. "I think I would say he was a complex Pope," he said, noting John Paul was a diplomat, an athlete, a philosopher, a playwright and spoke several languages fluently, among other things. "He was a man of many, many currents and cross-currents, and all of that makes up the complexity of this man," he said. Alligator Contributing Writer Mike Jayne contributed to this report p U Become a partof 6ator meni and women's basketball spirt and many other sports! Pre-Audition Workshop -$25 (cash only) Thursday, April 7th 5-7 PM O'Connell Center Practice Court (Gate 4) Orientation & Registration Friday, April 8th 5-7 PM Gator Room (Gate 1 of Ben Hill Griffin Stadium) Auditions -$25 (cash only) Saturday, April 9th @ 8 AM Basketball Practice Facility New Squad Meeting Sunday, April 10th @ 10 AM Gator Room For mor information visit www.gotorzone.com or call 3754683 ext. 6690 Dsover L T'SG Euro el 411 i % S rE .,,r Ee IV -,Vg g *g A IwTRAVEL I Iwww.statravel.Corn I News can appear one day and be gone the next But the paper news is printed on can and should live on. Last year, more than one thrid of all U.S. newsprint was recycled. And that number is growing every day. Recycling is the one way we can all give something Read. back. Then Recycle. F' I I .t 1c .fe ; IlIf if M FID, 0 Rm 

PAGE 10

10, ALLIGATOR I MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 SANTA FE COMMUNITY COLLEGE Ars6 festiva presents co orful variety, draws crowds By SKYLER SMITH Alligator Writer ssmith@alligator.org Dianne Hall has fond memories of the Spring Arts Festival. "My husband proposed to me here in 1988," the Gainesville resident said. This, and the friends she has made keep her coming back year after year. "I like that there are a lot of new artists this year. And some of them are fabulous," she said. Hall was among the thousands of visitors to the 36th annual Spring Arts Festival that commandeered several blocks of downtown Gainesville with artists' tents, food vendors and live performances. The festival, which took place Saturday and Sunday, was co-sponsored by Santa Fe Community College and the City of Gainesville. It drew approximately 250 artists. While many were from Florida, artists journeyed from as far away as California and Canada to display and sell their wares at the outdoor festival. One local artist showing her paintings was Julissa Mora Hernandez. A Miami native who now works as a graphic designer for UP, Hernandez's paintings highlight women and use colorful, rough strokes of paint. "I like to tell a story through their faces," she said. This was Hernandez's first time participating in the festival. "I think that Gainesville has a very educated art crowd. They know what they like," she said. "I look for artists that have found their voice. I'm muchmore interested in them telling me about their experiences, not what's new and fashionable." Jack King sculptor and University of Tampa professor In addition to paintings of virtually any composition, subject and style from abstract to landAndrea Morales / Alligator Staff With heat increasing into the afternoon, Ed Oehmig and Katie Kirkpatrick take a break in rocking chairs at an artist display at the Spring Arts Festival on Sunday. scapes and pop art, the festival also had booths featuring photography, jewelry and sculptures of wood, stone, iron, clay and glass. Accessories such as cashmere scarves and handmade leather bags and belts were also among festival finds. Prizes given out by festival juries totaled $16,500 within two broad categories of two-dimensional and three-dimensional art, with best in show in each category receiving $1,500 each. The winners in this year's arts festival were Ummarid Eitharong from Orlando in the 2D mixed media category and John Tilton of Alachua, whose ceramics won the overall 3D category. Jack King was the judge for the 3D portion of the festival. "I look for artists that have found their voice," said King, a sculptor and professor at the University of Tampa. "I'm much more interested in them telling me about their experiences, not what's new and fashionable." King said that is where artists find themselves in a dilemma because the new and fashionable art is what sells. "The general public has no idea of what these artists go through to do these shows. It's a time, energy and money commitment," he said. He said this conundrum, and the general atmosphere of an outdoor show with few serious customers, can be a hindrance to artists. However, King said he judges three or four shows annually and that this show is one of the best organized and attended. "There are some extremely good artists in this show," he said. At the nearby Thomas Center, Anarea mworaies / aigaxor zxar, Casey Day, 8, marvels at paintings on display at the Spring Arts Festival on Sunday. The fair featured art in a variety of materials, including ceramics, photography, metal, glass and wood. the Kids Art Jungle took over the usually serene lawns with music, young artists and cavorting children enjoying the sunny weather. One of the youngest artists showcasing her work was 11year-old Francine Schulze. Along with her mother, Johanna Weiss, Schulze spent the weekend selling handmade jewelry. This was Schulze's sixth time working at the festival. She can sew, knit and cook and sells her wares at two stores in Alachua and Gainesville. "It's fun to just sit here and watch people," said the sixth grader on why she returns to the festival every year. Last year, the festival attracted 130,000 visitors and brought an estimated $9 million of tourist revenue to Gainesville, according to a press release. .forbidden and all-consuning passions. Chcg u-Times 1_ W A~ii B1Y NILO CRUZ The poetry of yearning, the artistry of seduction. Anna in the Tropics reaches for the artistic heavens. -NY Tim,,, Student Government is Accepting Applications for the Following Positions for 2005-2006 -Cabinet Directors SG Agencies -AAREST (Acting Against Rape Every Students Taskforce) Director -ACCENT Chairman -Bloc Seating Director -Emerging Leaders Conference Director -Image Director -Lobby Coordinator -Museum Nights Chairman -SGP (Student Government Productions) Chairman -STAAR (Students Taking Action Against Racism) Director -Supervisor of Elections -Tower Yearbook Editor Other positions available: -University Committees -Assistant Treasurer Pick up an application in room 305 of the Reitz Union or visit our web page to get an application at sg.ufl.edu/ and click on download. Deadline for applications: April 13, 2005 at 5:00 pm 602 $ $ $ $ A MEW 

PAGE 11

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 N ALLIGATOR, 11 'I "Copyrighted Materia I Syndicated Content Available from Commercial News Providers" Are you interested in Shaping Tomorrow's Health.Today? Then visit the College of Public Health and Health Professions' Public Health Program displays during National Public Health Week, April 4-10, 2005. On April 6, we invite you to meet Public Health faculty and students and learn more about how you can become a future leader in public health! For more information: 1-866-62-UFMPH www.mph.ufl.edu ~ffb w INFORMATION SESSION April 12 > 530 p m > Vaughn Center Board Room, ninth obr (813) 258-7409 -E-mail: mba@ut.edu a Web site: mba.ut.edu JOHN H. SYKES Full-Time Day Program -get your degree in 16 months Graduate assistantships available for qualified full-time MBA candidates -tuition waiver CO LLEG E and $1500 stipend each semester 0'Tuition advantage for out-of-state and international students BUSINESS >Seven specialized concentrations THE UNIVERSITYOFTAPA Personal attention from faculty and staff Accredited by AACSB International John H. Sykes College of Business 0 401 W. Kennedy Blvd., Tampa, FL 33606-1490 Iues, Wed, Iaurs .pm, 9:Ipm Wed Matinee 4:30pm Hippodrome Cinema 375-IPP MADDIE'S Pet Rescue Project ofAlachua County presents 6 convenient locations, 10 hours and 200 pets for you to love geget/esc4e P I f r I f 

PAGE 12

12, ALLIGATORS MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 'Miracle families' tell stories to participants By ROBIN MCNICOL Alligator Contributing Writer When Thea Edwards goes out on a boat, all she wants to do is lean over the side and grab an alligator out of the water. But there are obstacles in her way, and it's not just a mouth full of sharp teeth. "You can't drive the airboat because you're a girl," she explained about the unspoken rules in her particular lab. As the only female in her field of study at UF -comparative reproduction within zoology -Edwards has to fight to prove herself worthy of doing the "fun stuff," such as catching specimen to study in her lab. Edwards, along with three other accomplished women in science, spoke Saturday to a group of about 25 female students at the Undergraduate Women in Science Symposium in Leigh Hall. Zoology professor Marta Wayne also specializes in women's studies and teaches a class about genes and gender. She talked about an experience in graduate school in which she had to deal with sexual harassment from a male coworker in her laboratory. "I chose to deal with it internally rather than file a complaint, and he basically snubbed me for the next two years," she said. All four women emphasized the importance of developing a support system. "Finding that network of women who are similar in the last few years has made all the difference," said Mickey Schafer, who works at the GENERAL NUTRITION CENTERS 25% OFF any one GHC Product Cannot be combined. Need coupon. 3914 SW Archer Rd Dail Specials 377-62 wE 5/9/05 MONDAY NIGHT All-You-Con-Handle Sushi, Temnpura and Beer $15.95 Stride Against,'Silence Sal. 419, Flavet Field Music, Food, Prizes strideagainstsilence@hotmal.com SAFETY BELTS. SMART FROM THE START Center for Written and Oral Communication. When asked about the "glass ceiling," a metaphor for an invisible barrier that seems to prevent women from entering the highest-paid positions in many fields, all four women agreed that it was a problem. Wayne, who worked in an all-male lab during her graduate work, said she was upset when she found out the men in her lab had held a discussion about whether they would date her. "Finding that network of women who are similar in the last few years has made all the d ifference"Mickey Schafer Center for Written and Oral Communication employee "Graduate school is not a sex bazaar," she said, adding that while not everyone agreed with her, she felt affirmative action helped women break through the ceiling. Kaitlin Kovacs, the president of Undergraduate Women in Science, said she felt the symposium was important for women to get an idea of what the world was like outside of school. "The whole idea was tO promote women in science, so we thought if we brought women from the science world and from the university, then people would get to see what it's really like," Kovacs said. Women .n science share experiences UF ranks higher for most graduate programs US NEWS, from page 1 up, but we could move down tomorrow," Warrington said. The U.S. News rankings lhinge on. a few criteria that hurt UF, including the average salary of graduates, which is lower in the South, and the number of graduates who have jobs at the time of graduation, Warrington said. He noted that UF's business school fares much better in rankings by business publications such as The Economist and the Financial Times. UF suffers in competition with other schools because it doesn't offer its graduate students tuition waivers or in-state tuition, but UF is working to change that, Warrington said. In addition, UF's out-of-state tuition is inordinately high because the Florida Legislature has given the university more leeway in charging nonresidents. UF's medical school, for example, charges about $10,000 more in out-of-state tuition than Harvard University, the No. 1 ranked program. The medical school's rankings are not quite comparable to last year's, after U.S. News introduced new criteria into the 2005 survey. But UF officials already have pointed out that the medical school's nearly $47,000 annual tuition for outof-state students is keeping it from competing with other schools for the best students in the nation. UF's Levin College of Law moved up two slots in the rankings to No. 41. Now profesioinallyynonagedbyAM L14tICAN CAMPU'01 COMMINI I I Iq DANCE frompage1 "Whenever the music starts playing, everyone starts screaming and running towards the middle. It's the best part," Delta Delta Delta Sorority member Brenna Baker said. Participants were also able to see the benefits of their efforts as "Miracle Families," who'd been impacted by the fundraising, told their stories. Shannon Corning, a member of Pi Beta Phi, was participating in her fourth consecutive marathon and said seeing the families has kept her coming back. "You get to meet the kids and their families, and you get to see what impact it has on their lives," Corning said. "I'm tired, but it's nothing compared to what these kids go through." The several UF organizations taking part in Dance Marathon competed to see who could raise the most money. The winners were Kappa Delta Sorority and Kappa Sigma Fraternity. Both raised over $50,000 for the cause and took home the Miracle Cup trophy. Sisters of Sigma Phi Lambda Sorority play with an inflated ball during Dance Marathon in the O'Dome on Sunday. 

PAGE 13

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 0 ALLIGATOR, j GOT MATH? PASS IT ON! open your mind.all teach ing jobs. are not the same. Visit our eah website to learn more. WWW.YESTEACH .ORG 

PAGE 14

BUY IT. SELL IT. FIND IT. 373-FIND C assifieds MONDAY, ALLIGATOR www.alligator.org/class or Rent For Rent nFor Rent r For Rent funishe frnifurnished urished9 unurnshd9 nfurnnishe ONE IN A MILLIONIII Roommate matching 3/3 from only $429 FREE Cable w/ HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm Gated*24hr gym* tan FREE*Close to UF Leasing for NOW & FALL*377-2777 4-20-71-1 Super Clean Studio Walk to ShandsLong & short term lease Now as low as $355 monthly inc all utilities-ph 336-9836 4-20-71-1 HAVE IT ALL AT THE LANDINGS It Furnished 3 and 4 bdrm apartment homes All utilities, internet, 24 hr gym, FREE Tanning. Roommate Matching Available Starting at $455/bdrm. 336-3838 ASK ABOUT SUMMER SPECIALS 4-20-23-1 *** SORORITY ROW AREA *** Experience the luxury at Windsor Hall. Located 2 blocks to UF. Beautiful single & double suites available. Starting at $400/mo includes everything -gym, pool, DSL, electric, etc. 337-9255 or www.windsorhall.com 4-20-71-1 1BR & 2BR Huge floor plan. Private patio, parkat your door. Oasis 377-3149 Furn Avail 3436 SW 42nd Ave & 34th St. $500 & $600/ mo 4-20-71-1 *Incredible Deal 1/1 in 4/4* with: internet & cable & elec & water walkin closets, full bath, wash/dry pool view, gym, FULL furnish Callior more info 352-258-3542 4-20-60-1 Just Bring Your Clothest Furnished 2 & 3 bedrooms from $875 Luxury living with all the perks! includes cable, utility packages avail All we need is you! 372-8100 4-20-60-1 **COUNTRYSIDE** 1BR/1BA in 4BR/4BA $425 util, cable, alarm, dsl incl. W/D. On bus rts 9 & 35. Individual leases. Call 407-620-1555 4-12-25-1 HUGE *AFFORDABLE 1, 2 & 3BR Spiral Staircase Skylight Pool 2 Tennis Cts Indvl lease & Utility Pack Now and Fall* 377-7401 4-20-31-1 RELET @ LEXINGTON CROSSING 3/3 1 BR/1BA avail at $475/mo, i-net, W/D, pool, cable TV, gym & tanning bed. Contact 352271-2067 or 407-353-8011 Avail from 5/1/05 4-4-9-1 KENSINGTON SOUTH sublease summer and/or fall. Large 2BR/2.5BA luxury townhouse near campus. Walk-in closet, W/D, Lots of parking, internet included. Pool & gym. Cull 305-401-9215. 4-6-11-1 1.3 Miles from UF! Seeking roommates 3/2. Available: Recently renovated. Furnishing is optional, wood floors, central AC, washer/ dryer. From-$435 305-479-5075 4-4-5-1 ***CLOSE 2 CAMPUS 3BR/2BA porch liv rm, din rm, break rm, sm yd, cent A/C, wood fir, cbl ready, 2 parking spots + street pass, Is,, last, sec. Walk to Class!! 102 NW 7th Terr. 352-494-5430 4-4-5-1 FALL SEMESTER $350/mo OBO 1 BR, 1 study and private bath in big house, bocks from campus, Ig yrd, DW, laundry BEST DEAL EVER! Mike 514-4265 4-5-5-1 1 RM at Pebble Creek Apts. W/D, i-net, pool. Very quiet, literally on campus. $330/ mo, $100 sec dep. Avail May 1st. Call 850443-4349 4-8-5-1 Clean, quiet, new houseing w/fenced yard. 1 BR in 3BR/2BA, park in fron of house. Furn, great spacing, close to campus. Long term lease, $380/mo. Call 386-795-5888 4-8-5-1 ,Fc r Rent GATOR PLACE APTS 3600 SW 23 St. 2BR/ 1 BA W/D is optional. Park in front of your apt. Pet play park. 2-mi to VA/Shands. $525/mo 372-0507. 4-20-71-2 *QUIET, CLEAN, LOTS OF GREEN SPACE. Rustic 1BR apt. $325/mo. 01BR cottage $375/mo. Call 378-9220 or mobile 213-3901. 4-20-71-2 AVAILABLE NOW Walk to UF, Studios and 1 BR's From $555. Free parking Open Weekends 371-7777 www.collegeparkuf.com 4-20-71-2 LYONS SPECIAL $99 1st month's rent 377-8797 4-20-71-2 Need a Rental Home or Condo? Need A Tenant? CALL THE BEST! Watson Realty Corp. REALTORS www.watsonrent.com Property Mgmt/Rentals 352-335-0440 Full Service Sales 352-377-8899 gvillepm@watsonrealtycorp.com 4-20-71-2 CAN'T FIND PARKING? BUS FULL? Studios & 1/1s from $459 at UF Pool *We Pay Most Utilities Pets OK Residents get FREE parking.guaranteed You can't live any closer! 372-7111 4-20-71-2 QUALITY YOU CAN AFFORDI Avail NOW orAUGUST! S1 BR $530/2BR $580/3BR $735 HUGE floor plans! 2 Pools! 0 Pets Welcome!335-727.5 4-20-71-2 *LUXURY 3/3 DOWNTOWN* Hurry while they last Only 8 left! W/D, pets OK 338-0002 4-20-71-2 OSUN BAY APTSO OSome furnished availS @*Walk or Bike to Campus 00 1-1 $460/mo@02-1 $520/mo 1w.sunismnd.2info00376-6720 4-20-71-2 1 & 2BR apts. convenient to shopping, bus line, and just a few miles from UF. Located off SW 20th Ave. $410 -$515, incl water, sewer, pest control & garbage. Sorry no pets allowed. Call 335-7066 335-7066. 4-20-71-2 *-* A PRICE YOU CAN AFFORDI** Move in TODAY or AUGUST 0.1BR $460 2BR $530 Walk to UF Pets welcome! Beautiful pools/courtyards! Open Weekends! 372-7555 4-20-71-2 SEPARATE FROM THE COMMON PLACE Luxury 2BR/2BA &amp; 3BR/3BA W/D incl. *FREE Cable*Alarm* 24hr. Gym* FREE Tan* Close to UF Museum Walk 379-9255 4-20-71-2 Deluxe, Large 3 or 4BR apt/house, 60 second walk to UF. Remodeled, Oul House charm. Central AC, washer/dryer, included. Wood floors. With Parking. By Private Owner. 538-2181 lv message 4-20-71-2 Amazing Apts! Perfect Price! 1,2,3&4BRs! Any size pet ok! FREE UF Parking & bus rt to UF! tennis, b-ball, pool, mntrd alarms pinetreegardens.com 376-4002 4-20-71-2 Deluxe, large one or two bedroom, 60 second walk to UF. Wood firs, washer dryer included, fireplace, patio deck. Can furnish. Short term available. Private Owner. $495up. 352-538-2181. Lv mssg 4-20-71-2 Now & Fall -1 Big enough for 21 750 Sq Ft, Patio, We love pets! Alarm*Pool*UF Parking*DW*Gym Call by 4 Specials! 332-7401 4-20-71-2 SEEING IS BELIEVINGIII 1BR/1 BA*2BR/2BA*3BR/3BA TH FREE cable w/HBO & SHOWTIME*Alarm Gated*24hr gym*Tan FREE*Close to UF Leasing for NOW and FALL*377-2777 4-20-71-2 **HUGE Luxury w/Garage** 2BR/2BA & 3BR/3BA TH from $420 per person FREE Alarn*WD*GATED ENTRY FREE Tanning*24hr Gym*Camp lab Filling Fast for Fall**372-0400 4-20-71-2 B e dutiful and N ew 2BR/2BA & 3BR/3BA LUXURY FREE High-Speed Internet FREE Monitored Alarm FREE Cable w/HBO/Showtime FREE Tanning & 24 hr Gym W/D plus TVs in every kitchen Now & Fall 374-FUNN (3866) 4-20-71-2 ** ELLIE'S HOUSES ** Guaty single family homes. Walk or bike to UP. www.ellieshouses.com 352-215-4991 or 352-215-4990 4-20-71-2 SUN ISLAND 1.1 from $460.00 2.1 $520.00 $99 deposit for Grad students 999 SW 16th Ave phone # 376-6720. www.sunisland info 4-20-71-2 Too Good to Be True! HUGE 2/2 for only $425/person! Pool*Hot Tub*Tanning*PC Lab*W/D FREE Cable with HBO*Most Utilities FREE Minutes from Campus! 372-8100 4-20-71-2 HOUSES and CONDOS All locations and price ranges If you are tired of apt life Go to www.maximumre.com or call 374 6905. 8-24-170-2 Save $$$ and love where you live!!! Spacious 1/1, 2/1 or 3/2. Avail Now or Fall Alarms, pets welcome, free UF parking Call 373-1111 or visit www.spanishtrace.org 4-20-71-2 HOUSES AT UF 2 and 3BR from $719 Carport, wood floors, pets ok Open Weekends Call for appointment 371-7777 4-20-71-2 Historic Neighborhood WALK TO UF l and 2 BRs from $560 Pets ok, wood floor option OPEN WEEKENDS 371-7777 4-20-71-2 Rooftop Luxury Overlooking UF Private 3/2 with HUGE deck W/D*Free Parking*Elevator Access One of a kind luxury! 372-7111 4-20-71-2 Summer rates 'plus July FREE on a 15 month lease Sun Island Properties 376-6720 www.sunisland.info 4-20-71-2 Want bigger 2 or 4 BR TH this fall? TH, W/O & OW. We love ALL pets! Pool*Park @ UF *Free Gym*Alarm Call by 4 Specials! 332-7401 4-20-71-2 *LIVE A RESORT LIFESTYLE* 1/1 & 2/2 flats, 3/3 townhomes Free Tanning, Aerobics, 24 hr gym PC lab, Gated, Trash Svc, All amenities. Leasing Now & Pall, 335-4455 4-20-71-2 Tired of/roommates?! Huge 1/1 dishwasher, patio/balcony Tennis, bball, monitored alarm Move-in specials, leasing now & fall Open weekends, call 376-4002 4-20-71-2 Broke from Spring Break??? 2BR/1.5BA TH with W/D for $639! Alarms, Free U.F parking, pets OK Avail NOW or Fall 373-1111 4-20-71-2 1st MONTH PREBI Pine Rush Apartments 1&2 BR apt homes starting @$429/mo 375-1519 4-20-71-2 -Tremendous two bed hwo bath FREE UF parking & bus rt to UF tennis, b-ball, monitored alarm affordable, spacious, pets ok! pinetreegsrdens.com 376-4002 4-20-71-2 1BR/1BA $420, 2BR/1BA $495, 2BR/2BA $525, 3BR/2BA $695. New carpet, Italian tile, cent AC/H, covered patio, DW, verticals, W/D hkups, pool. Some utils, walk to UF. 332-7700. 4-20-71-2 1 BR & 2BR/1 BA with W/D, central heat/air, dishwasherceramic tile, private patio, pets arranged. Off SW 34th.St. Near bus rt. From $505 377-1633 4-20-71-2 ***LIVE IN LUXURY*** HUGE TWNHMS:2/2 & 3/3 Free cable, w/HBO & Showtime W/D*alarm*free tanning*comp lab Pets welcome*Private dog park Leasing NOW & FALL 377-2801 4-20-71-2 Free Extended Basic Cable! Pets Welcome! 1000 sq ft Split Floor Plan, W/D Hook-ups & DW, I1BR/1BA & 2BR/2BA Available. Call Now 372-9913 4-20-71-2 Amazingly Affordable! HUGE 650sq ft 1BR 1000 sq ft 2BR Townhouses & Flats! Discounted Rates Starting @ $380 & $480. Close to Santa Fe, UF & 1-75, 332-5070. 4-20-71-2 HOUSES 2mi to UF Now & fall 331-0095 630 NW.35th St. Ig 3/2, fam rm $1200/mo; 816 NW 37th Dr 3/2, fam rm gar $1300/mo; 1802 NW 38th Terr 3/2 $875/mo; 642 NW 35th St. 3/2 $1100/mo 4-20-71-2 Total Elec, 2 & 3 Bedroom, $395-$550, cent A/C, pool, tennis, B-ball waste, pest, lawn mowing. 251b pet $15/mo. M-F 10-6 or by appt. Alamar Gardens 4400 SW 20th Ave. 373-4244 UF bus line #20 4-20-71-2 Your Perfect Apt Next to UF! 20 steps to class! Studios, 1, 2 & 3BR Avail Aug. Specials from $489/mo. Lofts wood firs & more. Some pet friendly! 376-6223 www.LiveNearCampus.com 4-20-71-2 Apartments Available Now All Florida Areas; All Major US Cities Browse our listing FREE WWWSUBLET.COM 1-(877)-For-Rent (367-7368) 4-20-71-2 Have Roommates? 3BR/2BA House $950 Only You? 1BR/1BA House $450 Mitchell Realty 374-8579 x 1 4-20-70-2 So Close to Campus Avail now, 2BR/1 & 2 BA apts. $400, $450, $695 Mitchell Realty 374-8579 x 1 4-20-70-2 1/2 PRICE APTS! Close to UFDowntown. 2BR & 3BR starting @ $525/mo Call 3734423 or online at www.maximumre.com 8-15-95-2 PET'S PARADISE, no app/pet fee. 2BR townhomes, duplexes. Privacy fence, modern appliances, ceiling fans, SW. Private owner, please leave detailed message. $450-525/mo 331-2099 4-7-60-2 Stupendous Studios Steps to UF From $499 -$559 Laundry, pool, pets ok! Open till 8pm and weekends Leasing for Fall 371-7777 4-20-69-2 115 STEPS FROM CAMPUSIII Luxury -Opposite Library Westl Beautiful 2BR/2BA.alI amenities LOOKING GLASS APTS Call 376-1111 or Come by -111 NW 16th St. #1 4-20-69-2 DOWNTOWN LOCATION! 3BR/2BA Wood floors, fireplace, living & dining rooms, Den, $625/rent, 223 SW 4th Avenue Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-8-55-2 CHEAP RENT! 2BR/1.5BA W/d hookups, CH/AC, dishwasher, $475/mo 5320 NW 20th Court Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9528 www.TurlngtonRealEstate.com 4-8-59-2 **1BR & 2BR BEAUTIFUL* NEW kitchen, tile, carpet, paint 2BRover 1100 sq ft 005$650/ mo 1BR-over 800 sq ft 00 $550/mo Close to UF, beautiful, quiet High-speed wireless internet $300 off deposit 0 376-2507 4-20-63-2 3BR/4BR -LIKE A HOUSE Huge townhouse, fireplace, W/D hook-ups, patio, New carpet & tile, fitness & basketball high speed wireless internet 3BR/2.5BA only $850 4BR/3BA only $1099 Close to UF in SW Beautiful/quiet 0 376-2507 4-20-63-2 Threesomes Welcomel All the space you need only $1050 Pool*Hot Tub* Tennis*Gym*PC Lab W/D*Cable with HBO*Extra Storage The perfect three-bedroom! 372-8100 4-20-60-2 

PAGE 15

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 U ALLIGATOR, 15 For Rent For Rent .For Rent iFnr lt VFor Rent unfurnished unfurnished unfur!nishded ) ufur wished unfurnished DUCK PONDl Cute 1BR/1BA, wood floors, eat-in kitchen, ceiling fans, $475/rent 305-C NE 6th Street Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-8-50-2 *NOW PRE-LEASlNG* 1 BR $699 -2BR $839 -3BR $999 $150 dep. Full size W/D, Direct Campus Access, Pool, Fitness Center! Open M-F 8:30 -5:30, Sat 11-4 Pebble Creek Apts 376-9607 4-20-59-2 BIKE TO SHANDS & VET SCHOOL! OSpacious studio, washer/dryer, Fenced yard, lawn svc, $450/rent 3BR 2BA, terrazzo floors, washer/dryer, fenced yard, lawn svc, $1000/rent 4BR 3BA, terrazzo floors, washer/dryer, fenced yard, $1400/rent 3811 SW 20th Street Carl Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 www.TurlingtonRealEstate.com 4-8-45-2 AVAIL. AUG 1: 4bed/2bath house. Ceramic tile floors, extra game room, fenced yard, pet ok, wash/dry provided. 1330 NW 39th St. 339-2342 for directions $1250/mo 412-45-2 Rent With Us Today, Buy With Us Tomorrowl Condo, House & Townhouse Rentals www.BosshardtPM .com Ask About Our Lucrative Tenant Rewards Program! 2BR/1 BA Downtown $515/mo 3BR/3BA Townhouse $800/mo 3BR/2BA near SPOC $925/mo Over 30+ Private Homes Available! Call Today: 371-2118 4-20-50-2 *3 BLOCKS TO UF* 2BR/1 BA Duplex. Hardwood floors, W/D,$535/mo 375-8256 4-20-47-2 GAINESVILLE'S FINEST LIVING Luxury 3/3 & 4/4's from only $370/bdrm includes extended cable, water/sewer, 24 hr gym, Free Tanning SPRING & SUMMER SPECIALS Call the Landings at 336-3838 4-20-44-2 NEWLY RENOVATED Affordable, Quiet living HUGE 1& 2BR Pool Skylights 1.5 miles to UF Furn Avail 377-7401* 4-20-44-2 Very clean condo 2BR/2.5BA, 5 min to UF, 10 min to Shands, cent AC, DW, W/D, cable, internet, pool, $800/mo Separate leases ok. 352-472-9778, 305-299-3485, sbayer@bellsouth.net 4-6-30-2 Living it upHt Luxury style!! 1 & 2 BR, Private patios, walking distance to UF, next to Sorority Row, Alarm, pets OK, W/D, HUGE bdrs & walkin closets. "Walk to UF" Call 372-7111 4-20-35-2 DEAL OF A LIFETIMEHIl 3BR/3BA ONLY $365/PERSON FREE cable w/HBO/SHOWTIME, Alarm Gated* 24 hr gym* FREE Tanning* Close to UF Leasing for NOW and FALL 377-2777 4-20-35-2 Live in luxury minutes from campus, Shands, etc. Huge 1BR apt brand new modern kitchen, tile floors, double french doors looking out on huge backyard $695/mo. Call 3371330 4-11-30-2 *Sorority Row Area* 1940's vintage stone 2BR/1 BA apt. Beautiful hardwood floors. $675/mo 375-8256 4-2031-2 *8 Blocks to UF* Huge 2BR/1 BA apt. Best deal in town. Starting at $550.mo 375-8256 4-20-30-2 *Sorority Row Area* Cute 2BR/1 BA brick duplex behind Norman Hall. $650/mo 375-8256 4-20-30-2 Work for rent. 2BR + study. Trailor home. New WID, screened in porch, fenced yard. On 10 acre Whipporwhill Horse Farm, 10 min W of UF. Call 352-376-8792 4-5-20-2 ABRACADABRA 3BR/2BA house. 2 car garage & apple tree. 1500 sq ft, Oathedral ceiling, open floor plan. $1045/mo. 352-332-0602 or 318-3721 45-20-2 HISTORIC HOUSES DOWNTOWN 1BRs & 2.5BRs. $275-700/mo Progressive thinkers preferred. View at: www.pleasantstreet.net 4-20-31-2 ENORMOUS 3BR Avail for Current and Fall Pool Tennis Cts 1.5 Mi 2 UF Ind lease, Furn & Util Avail Great Specials 377-7401 4-20-31-2 Available Now Blocks from UF Duplex, 2BR/1BA, fenced yard, $675/mo HOUSE 3BR/2BA, W/D, $1175/mo (Pets ok) Call Carol @ 377-3852 4-20-31-2 *FALL* Blks from UF 0 Houses 0 Duplexes 0 Apts (Managed by owner) See www.Dalyproperties.com for listings or call Carol at 377-3852. 4-20-31-2 AVAILABLE NOW! NEW 3BR/2BA house 2 car garage in brand new subdivision close to UF & SFCC. All appliances $1300/mo negotiable based on length of lease. Call 215-9987 4-20-30-2 3BR/1.5BA HOUSE Lg screen back pch, Ig back yard, close to downtown, W/D, $900/ mo. Avail May 1st!. Call (office) 377-1071 or (cell) 262-7174 ask for Brian 4-20-30-2 Avail now 3BR/2BA HOUSE. 2120 NW 55th Terrace. Tile firs, Berber carpet, all appliances Ind. Privacy fenced-in yard. $1050/mo. Call 215-9987 4-20-30-2 TOP QUALITY -GREAT LOCATIONS Upscale 1 & 2 BR apts. 1 block to campus on north & east sides. Year leases avail. Begin summer or fall. No pets. K&M Properties 372-1509 4-20-30-2 2BR/1BA apt mins from campus, Shands. Spacious, repainted, new carpets & new appliances. Beautiful backyard. $950/mo. Call Anthony 337-1330 4-11-22-2 Space & Value! 3 and 4 bedrooms Tennis, b-ball, monitored alarm Pets welcome, free uf parking Ceramic tile, dishwasher, pool Open wknds, Call 376-4002 4-20-29-2 Avail May: Several units W/in .5 mi of UF campus or closer. Eff $300-310, 1BR/1BA $395-$415, 2BR/2.5BA $725, 2BR/1BA $700. Sec dep, NS, no pets. Contact sor20@yahoo.com or lv mssg 352-870-7256 4-20-28-2 WE HAVE UPN Sun Bay Apts 376-6720 4-20-28-2 Be near everything at The Oaks! Start at $525 for 1 bdrm, $675 for 2 bdrm, & $825 for 3 bdrm Remodels Available! Call for move in specials today at 331-8836! 4-12-20-2 Hampton Oaks brand new lux. apts. behind Oaks Mall. 2 bdrms start at $850/mo & 3bdrm at $1200/mo w/move-in special of up to 2 mo FREE rent! Call 333-8643 today! 4-12-20-2 Luxurious Victoria Station Twnhse. Walk to Butler. 2BR/2.5BA. W/D, alarm, pool, free ethernet. Bus rt in front every 15 mon. $850/ mo NEGOTIABLE. Avail Aug 2005. Cell 2224235 4-20-25-2 Downtown garage/studio apt on bus rtes, biking to campus walk to downtown off street parking include H20. $330/mth 1st, last, dep. Call 373-6551 leave message 4-6-11-2 University Terrace West 4/4 Individual Leases New Carpet & Paint Furn ished Living Area W/D, Pool $395/mo Uniton Properties 373-7578 4-20-24-2 University Terrace Gainesville 4/4 Individual Leases Completely Refurbished Furnished Living Area W/D, Pool $405/mo Union Properties 373-7578 4-20-24-2 Walking Distance to UF 1433 NW 3rd Avenue 2BR 1.5BAW/D h/up 3 units available is quad $775/mo Union Properties 373-7578 4-20-24-2 Victoria Station Off SW 35th Place Like New Townhouse 28R 2.5BA W/D, Pool $825-850/mo Union Properties 373-7578 4-20-24-2 Vacation with US! Resort style living. RTS BUS service @ your door 2/2 or 4/4 ALL inclusive, hi-speed int. HBOs, UTILITIES FREE maid serve. Gated! Going fast. Call now 271-3131 420-23-2 2BR I BA Apts $515-525/mo 5 Blks to UFI 840 Sq Ft 829 SW 5th Avenue, St. CroixApts Central H &Air, incIds wtr, swg, pst ctrl, garbage. Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-14-2 LUXURY HOUSE -Great location 3/2, Ig master BR w/pvt BA & walk-in closet. 2 other BRs share lg BA. Rent incl all utils, W/D, fireplace, custom kitchen & beautiful pvd pool area. $485, 430, 375 or rent whole house $1290. Call Karl 332-5030 4-4-10-2 ** 2BR 2.5 BA ** Brighton Park, Beautiful end unit townhome, W/D, DW, alarm, pool, -1200 sq ft Many extras. Bus rt SW 34 St No smoking unit. Avail Aug $825 214-3820 4-20-20-2 ISABELLA PARK 1BR/1BA in 2BR/2.5BA townhome. W/D, DW, eat-in kitchen, SW Archer & 34th St. area. 336-7097. Grad/prof preferred. Lease option. Furnish option. 4-20-20-2 *WALK TO UF* Historic home in great neighborhood. 3BR/ 2BA, hd wd floors, tile, W/D, deck. Cute, clean, no dogs. 1112 NW 4th Ave 871-8280. $1250/mo 4-8-11-2 **HISTORIC VICTORIAN APT** 10 blocks to UF. Quaint 1 BR/1 BA apt. w/ wd firs, fans, hi ceiling, Pets Ok. Avail Aug 1st $450/mo 225 SW 3rd Ave. Call 376-2184 4-7-10-2 INDIVIDUAL LEASES AVAILABLE NOW AND FALL SEASON Convenient UF access $325 to $575 Action Real Estate Services 352-331-1233 4-20-18-2 ROCKWOOD VILLAS avail Aug 1, 2005. 3BR/3BA townhouse. i W/D, great bus rt to UF. $1100/mo. Call Donna 352-339-3250 4-20-19-2 Apartments & Houses Studio to 5BR+ Most within 2 miles of campus! Campus Realty 692-3800 propertymanager@campusrealty.org 5-31-25-2 Brandywine large 2BR/2BA partially furn, sec sys, NS, No pets $650/mo Lease required 386-330-5274, 352-373-3418 4-8-10-2 AUGUST RENT FREE Bring your deposit by April 16 Large 2BR, Close to UF & SFCC Short term leases Avail. Open Sat. Ventura Apartments 1902 SW 42nd Way 352-376-5065 4-11-10-2 Fall rentals, walk to campus, 2BR/2BA $500, sign lease now, move in Aug. Edbaurmanagement.com 1731 NW 6th St. 375-7104 ex 355 4-11-10-2 3BR/2BA HOUSE. Fenced backyard, -1900 sq ft, close to campus, hdwd firs, W/D hk ups. Available June 15th. $1300/mo. Call 332-1990 4-4-5-2 LIVE STUDY PLAY Luxury 3BR/3BA Townhomes Free Cable w/ HBO/Sho, Tan, 24 hr gym, Aerobics, W/D, Gated, Pet Friendly, Alarms The Laurels, 335-4455 4-20-16-2 LARGE 1BR APT Hardwood floors, ceiling fans, new appliances & upgrades. Beautiful wooded lot. Close to shopping & UF. Water, sewer included. $395/mo. Call 352-373-5295 4-8-7-2 DUCKPOND AREA HOUSE Avail Aug 1st. Large 4BR/2.5BA, W/D, hardwood floors, fireplace, glassed in porch, util bldg, etc. Bike to campus. $1400/mo, $350/per person. lst, last, dep. 352-466-0165 4-13-10-2 Three 4BR HOUSES & 1&2BR APTS. Spacious, efficient homes biking distance to campus. Remodeled, Ig fenced yards. Lots of extras. Available now & fall. Call for details. $475-1225/mo. 352-372-4768 6-30-29-2 3BR/1BA avail April 1st. Convenient to UF, SFCC. Nice yard, wood floors, W/D hookup. Short or long lease. 2053 NW 35th Ave. $725/mo Call 318-8822 4-5-4-2 Oakbrook near Arby's on SW 16th Ave. 2Br/1 BA spacious porch/living room. $900$. Biven's Arm on 13th 1BR/1 BA $600$ Call 386-365-7105 or 365-7822 email: unstable-ping@hotmail.com 4-13-10-2 1BR 1BA 1Blk to UF 1218 SW 3rd Avenue Wood Floors, Wndow A/C, $400/mo Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1BA Apts 1 Block to UF New Carpet, Window A/C, Nat Gas Ht 1210 SW 3rd Avenue $540/mo Call Merrill Management Inc 372-1494 4-7-5-2 3BR 1 BA Home with wood floors Central H & Air, Washer/Dryer Hkups 1100 sq.fB. $725/mo, Off NE 16th Ave. 1050 NE.13th Place. Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 1BR 1BAApts 1 Blk to UF! $460/mo 1236 SW 4th Ave. Grad I Apts Central H &Air, Carpet, IncIds Water, swg, pest control & garbage Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 1 Room Studio, with full kitchen. $450/mo Across from Stadium. Newly Remodeled. Tile Floors, Screened Porch, Great Location. Avail in May. 1806 1/2 NW 2nd Ave. Merrill Management Inc 372-1494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1BA Apt, 1 Block to UF, Central H & Air, Tile Floors 1236 SW 1st Ave. $585/mo Call Merrill Management Inc. 372-1494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1BA Apts, $515-525/mo 5 Eilks to UPI 840 sq ft 829 Sw 5th Avenue, St Croix Apts Central H & Air, Incids Wtr, Swg, Pst Ctrl, Garbage. Call Merrill Managment Inc. 3721494 4-7-5-2 2BR 1BA $595 1953 NW 31st P1. 2BR 1 BA $595 431 SE 7th St. 359-2000 4-20-14-2 Available Summer & Fall Studios & 1BRs $350 to $750 2BRs & 3BRs $425 to $850 Gore-Rabell Real Estate, Inc. 378-1387 www.gore-rabell.com 8-23-41-2 Absolutely perfect 3BR/2BA in Millhopper. Convenient to UF & shopping. Huge yard, remodeled interior, wd firs. Truly great house! W/D hkups. No dogs. Prof or grads pref. 2006 NW 36th Terr. $999/mo 215-7199 4-20-14-2 Adorable 2BR/1.5BA cottage on bus line. W/D hkups. No dogs. 2943 NW 6th St. $640/ mo. 215-7199 4-20-14-2 DUCKPOND Historic house, hd wd firs, Ig front porch, lots of charm. Studio & 1 BR avail. 306 NE 6th St. $400-500/mo. Call 379-4952 4-20-14-2 LIVE IN THE DUCKPOND! Avail May 1 or 2 BRs in 3BR/1BA house. Quiet street. MUST LOVE DOGS. Lease length neg. Can furn. Call Annie 352-2841686 4-8-6-2 Huge 1 BR/1 BA apt. Great dog home. Huge shared courtyard. Has everything, huge walk-is closet. Screened porch, good security. Avail 5/1. Rent neg. 386-212-5502 4-7-5-2 TAYLOR SQUARE Apts and townhouses 621 SW 10th St. Gainesville Walk to UF Behind Norman Hall Brand new leasing for fall Contact 352-332-2097 4-8-5-2 2BR/2.5BA, 2-story townhouse in Haystacks. Quiet area. W/D incl. Pets welcome. Available now. $700/mo Call 727-647-7908 4-8-5-2 1BR/1BR at Pine Rucsh. Pool. Laundry Room. Quiet area. $429/mo with 1st month FREE. No security deposit. Call 692-4352 4-8-5-2 3/2 HOUSE, 1550 sq ft, large corner lot, den w/fireplace, W/D hkup inside, oversized,1 car garage/workshop. $895/mo 906 NE 19th Place. Call 352-373-4311 http: //74674.rentclicks.com 4-8-5-2 Spacious 1BR/1BA house w/large garage space in Duckpond. Newly renovated, brand new energy efficient appliances Inc[ W/D, tankless waler heater, cent AC/H, shed, rod firs, new paint. Call for appt. 352-336-2189 4-8-5-2 HOUSE 2BR/1BA $695/mo. W/D, cent H/ AC, 2.5 mi North of UF. Call 352-214-1722 4-20-13-2 2 BEDROOM -MOVE IN TODAY! Only $530 -540 month! Great Pools Pets Welcome! Walk to UF & Shands! 372-7555 Open wkends! 4-20-12-2 ***BRAND NEW*** 2BR/2.5BA luxury townhouse, 1200 sq ft, big bedrms, huge living rm & kitchen. Everything is new! 5 min to UF. Avail Aug $975 352-4475795, cell 422-2967 4-20-13-2 3BR/2BA house close to UF campus. Avail Aug 1st, tile floors, new kitchen, large fenced yard, cent AC, $1125/mo. Drive by 3423 NW 1st Ct. Call Marty 514-2855 4-20-13-2 FALL & SUMMER ARE HERE! Contact us for a complete listing wwTurlingtonRealEstate.com Cart Turlington Real Estate, Inc. 372-9525 4-8-5-2 8 1 Subleases Apartments Sublets & Roommates All areas. Stu, 1 & 2 Bdrm; $400-1500 Short-Long & Furn-Unfurn 1-(877) FOR-RENT (367-7368) WWW.SUBLETCOM 4-20-71-3 Classifieds. Continued on next page. 

PAGE 16

16, ALLIGATOR U MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 Subleases .Subleases _'eass JSubeasesSubleases WALK TO CLASS! $250/mo Now til Aug. Courtyards 352-328-6967 all included! 2-27'3-3 LOOKING FOR A BARGAIN? Bid on a sublease. call 866-837-1309 or visit WWW.SUbleaSeaUCtiOn.Com 5-19-43-3 EMERGENCY SUMMER SUBLEASE 2BR/2.5BA townhouse 2 blocks to UF. May Aug $900/mo OBO 352-266-8475 4-20-1.3-3 LUXURY APARTMENT! 5 min walk to UF/sorority row, bus, F roomr#Jte. Avail May-July. ALL utils mc. Furn, ethernet, gym, pool. $400/mo 786-246-3049 4-7-20-3 1BR/1BA w/W/D hkups, avail 4/29/2005 $525/mo, located in quiet condominium community of Rustic Springs. 1923 NW 23rd Blvd, Apt #122. Josh 317-8776 4-13-20-3 4BR/2BA Avail 5/1 -8/1. 1, 2, 3 or 4 BR @ $415/ea Unfurn. 1 block from Criser. Please call Ashley 772-201-6158 4-7-15-3 Campus Club summer sublease: 1. F in 3BR. $375/mo includes all utilities, cable, ethernet, maid service, 1st stop on bus 12. Option to renew. Call 954-559-8470 ASAP 4-13-19-3 Now/Summer sublease 1/1 in 4/4 utilities + washldry + ethernet + cable + full furnish + pool view = DARN GREAT DEAL ONLY $375/month 352-258-3542 4-20-24-3 *@@WALK TO CLASS@@@0 1/1 in 2/1 house behind Norman Hall. Great location and very cheap. Avail April 25. Call 262-7200 4-8-15-3 Room for summer sublease A, B or C in a beautiful new house. Room is spacious. Huge backyard w/pool. Pets welcome. Rent $450!! MUST see!! Everything included. 786367-7749 4-20-22-3 1BR/lBA in 3BR/3BA 2 story posh downtown apt located in heartof G'ville nite life. Lrg BR & walk-in closet. WID Avail now thru July. Free dep & $375 cash. Price neg. Call 305-761-6595 4-4-10-3 2BR sublet avail anytime in April @ The Exchange.Call Hillary @ 407-928-1315 **Call for move-in incentives!** 4-12-15-3 Posh downtown apt in heart of nightlife. 1BR/1BA, WID, walk-in closet, loft, May FREE + KEEP sec dep. You take June & July for $400/mo HURRY before its too late! 305778-4856 4-5-10-3 1BRIlBA in 2BR/2BA apt avail May 1st -Aug 10th at Melrose Apts W/, utils, ethernet + cable c in rent. Fully furn. Call Korinne at 305-905-0712 4-12-15-3 1 BR/i BA LOFT TOWNHOUSE May 1st thru July 31st. $550/mo. Pool, alarm, pets ok. Near UF, VA & Shands. 3 bus rts. Call 352-262-8558 4-5-10-3 Royal Village 1-4 BR avail.All summer Walk to campus, great pool New furniture & carpet, $400/mo includes all, Call 407-310-3957 4-6-11-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE from May 1 -Aug 10. $299/mo, incl utils, cable, internet, water, pvt BA, 12 x 10 room. MELROSE APT. 407-4843204 4-4-8-3 Campus Lodge apts. POOLSIDE 1/1 in 2/2 other room vacant. May-Aug. w/option to ren. $450/mo furnished, all utils + internet, W/D, Call 352-871-3117 4-7-12-3 2 rooms available May 1-July 31 in 4/2 house close to law school. $350/mo (plus utils) OBO. Email ceresiqu@ufi.edu or call 850510-4063 or 352-328-4633 4-7-10-3 Summer sublease I BR in 3BR house on NW 36th St. W/D, wood floors, w or w/out furn. Avail May 30th. $325/mo + utils. Call 352281-1337 4-7-10-3 lBR/1BA RIGHT ACROSS FROM UF. Available May 1st w/option to renew. $445/ mo. Call 813-624-2946 4-6-9-3 **THE. EXCHANGE** Rent May-Aug $469/mo price NEG. Pool view, utils incl, female, 1 BR/1 BA in 4BR/4BA. Call 352-262-7887 4-8-11-3 Summer sublease available -WINDSOR HALL 2 blocks from campus. 1 BR suite $600 utils incl. Laundry room, swimming pool, cable, ethernet. Call 516-650-4037 5-24-24-3 May-Aug. Gainesville Place apt. Gated community li in 3/3. Clean, easygoing female roommates. Fully furnished. WID. All inclusive. VERY NEGOTIABLE 305785-6373, 352-373-9912 4-4-7-3 Luxurious two-story poolside apt. 3BR/3BA, W/D, free tanning spa & gym, no parking decals $1,114/month plus utilities. Leave a message @ 262-8341 4-6-8-3 Summer sublease avail 5/6-7/31. 2BR/1BA, $450/mo, furn/unfurn, free cable/hs internet, walk to UF, live alone or w/someone. Call Stephanie 804-512-3913 4-8-10-3 1 BR/1 BA in 4BR/4BA $340/mo, pvt BA, W/D, furn, all utils incl, ethernet, cable, lease.from May-Aug, 1st mo 1/2 off. Great Deal! Call 305-469-3372 4-8-10-3 Walk 2 class. Summer Sub. Huge 1BR/lBA, pool, WID, walk-in closet, cable internet @ Museum Walk. $300 price neg. Call 941-2387118 4-8-10-3 $240/mo SUMMER SUBLEASE + 1/3 UTIL 3BR/2BA Boardwalk Apt. Call PK 954-682-5979 or call 904-705-1689 4-8-9-3 1st MONTH FREE!!! 1 BR/i BA in 4BR/4BA apt. May -July Option to rent in fall. $430 uhilties included Call Kate 904-654-6464 4-4-5-3 AMAZING Summer Sublease 2BR/2BA in 4BR/4BA. Rent $400/mo EVERYTHING included. Price Negotiable! Campus Lodge Apts. Call 407-492-2574 4-4-5-3 Reduced $450 @ The Exchange Furnished 1 BR/1 BA in 2/2 Kitchen, living room, porch, WID, Now available. Female please. 772-473-0560. 4-5-5-3 COUNTRYSIDE APT 1BR/iBA in a 4BR/4BA apt, utils, cable, W/. D, dishwasher, FURNISHED. $400/mo OBO. Availabel 5/1 727-656-8207 4-19-15-3 Apt for summerA& B. Sublease 1BR in 4BR/ 2BA furn University Glades apt. $350/mo all utils incl. (originally $435) M/F for all female apt. Call 386-212-9042 4-5-5-3 CAMPUS LODGE Nicest apt @ UF. 2BR/ 2BA all utils, fully furn, May to Aug. Very clean. Gated community, screened patio. Quiet. Call 352-372-3788 4-5-5-3 Campus Lodge Apts. May rent free. COURTYARDS $300/MO Everything included. $4519mo. From May Females only summer A, B, or C, 1 room through August. Call 561-906-5040 4-6-10-3 furnished, right across from campus Jamie 863-860-5314 4-5-5-3 May thru Aug sublease at The Exchange. 2BR/2BA in 4BR/4BA. 1BR $469/mo; other BR $489/mo. Everything incl. Rent w/a friend or 1 room by yourself. Call 352-514-1871 4-5-5-3 1BR/l BA, 2BR/2BA, or 3BR/3BA avail fully furn & all utils incl. $465/mo indiv leases. May thru Aug. Aug rent FREE. Price neg. Buses 9 & 34. Call 904-424-2834 4-5-5-3 Homestead Apt Sublease Now thru July 31st, renewal optional. 2 BR/2 BA W/D hook-up, pool, gym, bus stops, laundromat, pets ok $679.mo Please call 3782699 or 317-4507 4-5-5-3 Sublease SPYGLASS apt*May to July 31. 1 BR/i BA in 2 BR/2 BA apt. $459/mo OBO everything incl. Fun roommate. Call Katie S. 352-213-5425 4-12-10-3 CAMPUS LODGE 2-3 BRs, pvt bathrooms, vaulted ceiling. Fully furn. Everything incl. free maid service, hi speed internet $514/mo each. Call 352-514-7773 4-5-5-3 Campus Lodge 1 BR/I BA in 3 BR apt. All utils, internet, cable, W/D, furn. included. $390 OBO 352-870-9111 4-5-5-3 Summer sublease avail. 3 blocks to campus. Fabulous location! 1 BR in 2 BR/i BA. $260/ mo + 1/2 utils. Call 813-368-6801 or email tenessa@ufl.edu 4-12-10-3 $400/mo NEGOTIABLE. The Landings 11 FT x 14 FT bedroom. Everything included. Free tanning, sports courts, poolhouse, Summer. Furniture available. 954-290-8087 4-12-10-3 1BR avail in 2BR townhouse in Mll[ Run for summer. $299/mo + utilE. W/D, fully furnished. Pets allowed. 262-2814 4-5-5-3 Summer Sublease @ OXFORD MANOR Furnished 1BR/1BA in 3BR townhouse w/ pool, gym, tanning bed from May 1 -July 31. $470/mo all incl. UF 10 min bus. ContactAna 305-968-9092 or at anamr@ufl.edu.4-5-4-3 Big Beautiful Historic apt. 1 BR/i BA available now in SE historic district. Water and maintenance incl. $460/mo OBO. Call 262-1484 for directions. 4-5-5-3 Lexington May thru Aug sublease 1 BR/BA in 4BR/BA. Includes util, furn, pool, appliances, .bus rt. $900 whole summer. Call Jose 561317-5603, jramos@ufl.edu 4-13-10-3 THE EXCHANGE 1/1 in 2/2 May, June, July. $325/mo incl util, cable i-net, W/D, male, furn, gated, bus rt. Call Hank 904-556-6149 or 904-491-4574 (Steve) 4-20-15-3 Female sublease at Courtyards. 1 bedroom in 4/2 townhouse on 13th. All furn & util included; $399/mo negotiable. Sec dep & 1st mo rent free, 514-6408 or murraymd@ufl.edu. 4-20-15-3 Sublease @ The Exchange 1BR/1BA in 3BR/3BA, fully furn, utils incl. $350/mo, avail May-Aug, call Will 786-247-1177 4-6-5-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE at University Club. 1 BR/i BA in 4BR/4BA apt. $360/mo, incl utils, cable, ethernet, furn, W/D & more. Call 786423-0445 4-6-5-3 lBR/1BA in 4BR/4BA for May-July 31st. W/D, full bed, biggest BR in apt. $325/mo. Two bus routes, 12 and 35, quiet roommates, University Terrace. Call Ken @ 239-2460683 4-6-5-3 10 SECOND WALK TO UF Looking Glass Apts. Summer sublease $450/ mo negotiable. Drew 561-339-1219 4-6-5-3 Summer Sublease IBR in 3BR/2.5BA Greenwich Green Apts. $350/mo + 1/3 util. Avail. 5/1-7/31. Call 407-383-0843 4-6-5-3 AUGUST RENT FREE $300/mo + util, W/D, cable,'balcony, vaulted ceiling. From May to Aug, female roommate wanted. Contact 305-766-1257 or flip02@ufl.edu 4-5-4-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE @ THE EXCHANGE IBR/lBA in 3BR/3BR NO DEPOSIT, RENT NEGOTIABLE. Furn, everything inci. Other 2 rooms also avail. Great location. Call Amy @ 352-494-2832, g8ergarl@ufl.edu 4-7-6-3 2BR/2BA Oxford Manor $363 each. Negotiable. W/D, pool, weight room, tanning, 3 bus rts, furniture avail. Call 239-671-3148 or 561-635-8671 4-7-5-3 Students Attention, are you interested in an apartment with a view? Wake up every morning to the Gainesville skyline. $459/mo. Contact me to sublease. A plus: utilities incloded 379-9126 4-8-5-3 2BR/1BA HOUSE. W/D incl, hd wd floors, lots of space, walking distance to campus. Sublease 1 room or both. Avail end of Apr to Aug 14th. Call 256-6714 4-8-5-3 1BR in Campus Lodge, fully furn, pvt bathroom, all ulils ic. vaulted ceilings, valued at $519/mo Subleasing for $375/mo from May 1st -mid Aug. Call Joy 786-210-9453 4-15-10-3 1BR spacious apt in Duckpond 5 min from 4BR/4BA avail May -Aug in Campus Lodge. UF. Responsible grad or professional pref. Very negotiable w/ price & rental time. VERY Avilable immed. $400. Call 917-612-5173. CLEAN! Call 561-251-8842 4-7-5-3 4-6-3-3 University Commons May-Aug Fully furSummer sublease at Hidden Lake. 1 of 2BR/ wished lBR in 4BR/2BA $295/mo. Aug rent 2BA. Call Jessica @ 863-860-7270 for more FREE. Call 813-966-8324 4-7-5-3 info. 4-15-10-3 4 BLOCKS TO UFI 1BR/BA avail May -Aug. Fully furn all utils included + internet, W/D, balcony, pool. Rent negotiable 352-262-6824 or mferro14@ufl.edu 4-7-5-3 GAINESVILLE PLACE $350/mo 1/1 in 4/4 May -Aug. Furn, all utils incl. Female only. Call Camille 407-970-8537 4-7-5-3 Gainesville Place Apts for summer sublease. 1BR/lBA avail in 2BR/2BA all utils, cable, internet, incl. Fully furn. Close to campus. 2 bus stops on prop. Call 386-566-8046, anytime. 4-7-5-3 SUBLEASE 4/14-8/14, 2BR/2.5BA. Many amenities inc. WID, $649/mo Call 332-5344 4-14-10-3 Gainesville Place IBR/BA Fully furnished, all utilites included, on 3 bus routes. Lots of amenities! Avail. May -Aug. Rent negotiable! 814-574-4091 4-7-5-3 Summer Sublease May -July 31. Furn 1 BR/ 1BA in 3BR/3BA at Hidden Lake. $510/mo incl W/D, ethernet, gym, pool, tanning bed & cable. On bus route 8. Call 904-622-6263 4-14-10-3 Summer sublease at University Glades 1BR/lBA in 3BR/3BA. Huge walk-in closet! Furniture optional. Price negotiable. Call 954-529-5223 4-7-5-3, 1BR/lBA avail May-Aug. Aug free. $400/ mo fully furnished, ethernet, utilities, cable included. Rent neg. Call 727-433-1607 414-10-3 (5/1 -8/6) 3+ spaces available. Sorority Row $300/mo includes: util/ethernet/cable/housekeeping trimarkproperties.com/ivyhouse/ ALDummar@yahoo.com 4-5-3-3 ROYAL VILLAGE APT. For only $350/month + 1/4 electric! 1BR in a 4BR/2BA. Females only. Available NOW! Call 561-234-9220 4-7-5-3 DOWNTOWN sublease May/June/July Arlington Sq. w/pool -1 min to clubs 1 BR w/bath in 3BR townhouse Other roommates away for-summer Now ONLY $450/mo 352-222-7797 4-1410-3 GET YOUR OWN APT! Lg IBR/BA in Picadelli. Avail Now -July 31st. Great location, close to everything. $500/mo 352-514-5296 4-8-5-3 1 BR apt avail May -July. 5 min walking dist, to UF. Gated porch. Ideal for pets. Trees give shade & privacy. W/D & pool onsite. Walk-in closet. 904-874-3887 4-8-5-3 Very cheap rent. Huge house 2 blks from campus. 2BRs avail. Indiv lease avail. Avail May 1st to Aug. Call 954-260-4377 Michelle for more info, or Jenny 407-493-4049 4-85-3 F sub wanted for summer 1 bed/pet bath. Gainesville Place Apt. $440 or neg. May-July all util incl. New w/gym, 2 pools, park. Off Archer Rd. busstop in complex. 727-4880882 4-8-5-3 1 rm in house $285 mo + uitl & cbl 3 mo sublese first mo free, great loc off 34th st. Wash/dry quiet area. 352-375-1353 4-20-12-3 1 or 2BR avail for summer sublease in 3/2.5 townhouse. Walking distance to Butler Plaza & 1 mi to UF. Avail, furn or unfurn, WD. Call Ciliff at 561-252-0819 4-20-12-3 Roommates Ue Roommate Matching HERE Oxford Manor 377-2777 The Landings 336-3838 The Laurels 335-4455 Cobblestone 377-2801 Hidden Lake 374-3866 4-20-71-4 Female roommate for one/two female UF students. Quiet. Resposible. 60 second walk to UF. Old house charm with all amenities. Avail Now. $400 -up. 352-538-2181.Lv message. Private Owner 4-20-71-4 Female roommates wanted brand new 2100 sq ft home. Huge pool, pvt fence, minutes to UF. Internet, HBO cable, sec alarm & utils incl $525/mo.Avail Fall. Call Jacqueline 352395-7462 or 941-780-3526 4-20-71-4 Sublets and Rooms Available All Florida Areas; All Major Cities Browse available Rooms FREE! www.METROROOMMATES.com 1-(877)-For-Rent (367-7368) 4-20-71-4 M/F NS Grad student/professional wanted to rent furn room in gorgeous new house 1.5 mi to Shands. Kitchen, LR, laundry $425+ utils 336-5450 or 954-646-1341 4-20-714 GIRLS ONLY 2 rooms one April, one May to July 31. Each w/pvt baths. Cent AC, W/D, cable incl. Internet-ready. $350/mo each. 305-299-3485 Call 352472-9778 4-6-30-4 Grad, uppperclassman, or prof to share spacious new 3BR/2BA house. Internet & cable incl. Must be neat, clean & responsible. $450 or 425/mo + 1/2 utils: Short or long term avail. 262-3989 4-20-38-4 2BR/1BA SW 5th Ave by Credit Union/ Norman Hall/hospital/buses for city/UF. Laundry/AC/furniture/c-fans. $300 + half sIl. Quiet/considerate PIM? Call 337-9746 4-5-20-4 Avail May 2 rooms in Ig house, 1 blk from 13th & University, $300 + split util, sec dep, NS, no pets. Contact sor20@yahoo.com or leave message at 352-870-7256 4-20-28-4HUGE ROOM FOR SUBLEASE 1BR in 4BR/2BA house in College Park. Huge walkin closet, wood floors, W/D, walk to campus, furn common areas. Avail May-Aug $370/mo 739 NW 20th St. 352-219-4911 4-6-10-3 SUMMER SUBLEASE 2 rooms avail May 1st in a 4BR/2BA house. Rent $355/mo + 1/ 4 utils. W/D, cable modem internet, 2 blocks from campus. Call 352-213-3112 4-20-16-3 

PAGE 17

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 U ALLIGATOR, 17 Roommates Roo Roomm Real Estate Computers 4BR/4BA Univ Terr W Condo -Immed Occ -Room rental basis -Perfect for sutednts with or without roommates! $375/mo per rm, utilities & broadband pd, bus to campus! Call 239-537-5100 4-8-20-4 1 Female, responsible, NS, student wanted for 3BR/2BA house. A/C, W/D, pet friendly, close to UF & SFCC, lst & last mo rent. $300/mo + 1/3 utils. Call Liz 352-339-5463 4-12-20-4 2BR avail in 4BR/4BA condo in Countryside. W/D in apt, 32" TV, walk-in closets, pool, gym, e-net $400/mo incl electric & cable. 1 MONTH FREE W/LEASE 305-944-3600 4-20-26-4 Avail NOW Great location 1BR/1BA in 3BR/ 3BA, Washer and dryer, high spd internet, $308/mo + until. Females only, please call Lauren @ 352-799-3726 Iv message. 412-20-4 Room w/pvt bath avail mins from UF, Shands, etc. Spacious luxury house has fireplace, pvt billards room, hardwood floors throughout., new appliances. $495/mo. Call Anthony 337-1330 4-11-22-4 N/S ROOMMATE needed for fall and/or summer for 3BR home near mall. Located in quiet wooded area. $350/mo EVERYTHING INCLUDED. Must love dogs. 352-262-9630 4-8-17-4 **4 BLOCKS TO CAMPUS** Large house w/pool, wood floors, big rooms. 2BRs available Aug lst. Wireless. $450/mo + utils ea. Corey 904-234-5214 or 352-3739015 4-15-20-4 Roommate wanted for a 3BR/2BA house 1.5 miles from campus. $430/mo everything included. Call Amy 352-219-5780 4-4-10-4 1 BR w/pvt BA at Countryside. Prefer female, $425/mo to begin Aug lst. Includes internet & utilities. 561-512-7733 or 561-575-3821 4-5-10-4 TWO MORE MALES to share large 4/2 w/2 other males. Completely remodeled apt w/2 living rooms, wet bar, W/D incl, back yard w/table. $265 plus security. Call Karl 3325030 4-4-10-4 M/F, NS needed to share 2BR/2.5BA Soultork Oaks townhome. (near Target). Unfurn master BR in/own BA avail. W/D. No pets. $347/mo + 1/2 utils. No lease. Call Evan 335-9714 4-8-12-4 1 Room in 3BR/2BA condo. Avail May 1 for summer & possibly fall. Prefer F, NS. $350/ mo + share utils. W/D Inci. Common areas furn. Marchwood Condos -Good location close to UF 813-973-5058 or 352-337-1534 4-6-10-4 Unfurn BR for rent in brand new, spacious condo w/2 female UF students. NW 55th St. Call Lisa for details @ 352-514-1763 4-20-19-4 ROCKWOOD VILLAS 2 ROOMS AVAILABLE PVT BA $425/mo incl all utils, on major bus rt, quiet, comfortable, a place to call home. Call 352-284-2810 for more info. 4-8-10-4 SUMMER SPECIAL Females for 1-2 BR in 3/2 house 3 blocks to UF, Shands, VA. Pets ok, furn opt, Reg $375, avail now $275 + utils & dep. Jen 466-4853 meg. 4-4-6-4 2M roommates needed for 3BR Millpond twnhs fully furn; king beds, hi spd net, cable, W/D, pool, near UF, on UF bus rt, $450 & 1/3 util, Chris 407-340-8585 or email csmith3672@aol.com 4-20-18-4 Two female roommates wanted for a 3/2 house near 34th and Univ. $345 a month plus utilities. Call Katie at 514-5985 for more info. House has big yard and large deck. 4-4-5-4 **BR 4 $250/mo. 3 avail. Cent A/C, wood floor, small yard, cable ready in 3BR/2BA WALK TO CLASS!! Porch & shed, 2 parking spots, 102 NW 7th Terr. Furn opt 4 free ********352-494-5430******** ROCKWOOD VILLAS $350/mo + 1/3 utils. 2BR/2BA avail in 3BR/ 3BA townhouse. Wood floors, washer/dryer, high-speed internet. Call Colleen 954-8575297 4-12-10-4 2 Female Roommates in 4/2 house in quiet NW neighborhood large yard, sunroom. NS/drug. Must be clean and responsible $400 + 1/4 util. Email 123daisy@excite.com 4-12-10-4 Female wanted. Prof, college student, NS, 2BR/1BA 1300 sq ft $380/mo W/D, incl. Close to UF & Duckpond. Avail 6/1 Ask for Michelle 813-997-6600 4-12-10-4 Female dental student looking for roommate in a 2/2 house in SW Gainesville. Clean, cozy, furn house with all amenities. $450/mo incl everything. Call for more details 352870-7983 4-5-5-4 2 females looking for a 3rd in a beautiful 3BR/3BA condo located in prime residential area. 15 min from UF. Close to park-n-ride. Large kitchen & living room, patio, internet, cable TV & W/D, community pool. $450/mo 727-399-0574 4-12-10-4 NS, mature, responsible, upper classman or grad student for own room & bath in large quiet home only 8 blocks north of campus. Rent incl all utils, W/D, wireless & cable. $500/mo 727-433-0229 4-5-5-4 Roommate Wanted: Large 2/1 apartment on 13th next to Norman Hall. $320/mo plus 1/2 utilities, lease from July -July. Female preferred, cool person required. 514-6408 or murraymd@ufi.edu 4-20-15-4 Looking for roommate to rent master BR in nice clean relaxed environment. New wood floors & appliances, no move-in or application fees. $350 + 1/3 utils. Call Ryan 850261-3571 4-6-5-4 Loft BR $250/mo big old house in NW. Remodeled, hardwood firs, new kitchen & baths, great yard, close to UF. Great roommates, DSL, good parking. Stephanie 3719409 4-13-10-4 Female roommate needed for NW 39th Ave home. $475/mo, all utilities incl, internet, fully furnished, private BR, W/D. Avail. ASAP 8705291 4-6-5-4 Roommate needed for 1BR/1BA in 2BR/ 2.5BA condo on SW 20th Ave. Summer sublease or full year lease, $315/$385/mo. Female only, NS. Call Katherine 262-9588 4-6-5-4 4BR/2BA HOUSE $450/mo utils incl. Avail now. Furnished. Call 321-438-4295 4-7-5-4 Female Roommates Needed for 3BR/2BA house. Pets welcome! Everything included in $450 rental Furn available, wireless internet, digital cable, W/D and much more. Please call Kathryn @ 352-367-9376 or 352-2463553 4-14-10-4 Roommate needed to share beautiful 3/2 house in NW Gainesville. Min to UF. Fully furn, pets welcome. Huge fenced yard, W/D, DW. Available immediately. Vicky at 386848-5620 4-7-5-4 LUXURY TOWNHOUSE 2BR/2.5BA. W/D, fully furn. (all brand new), pool, gym. F roommate needed. N/S, serious student. $425/mo + 1/.2 utils (free ethernet) Iv msg 786-2463049 4-7-5-4 OVERSIZED BEDROOM! Room for 2! Can be furnished/unfurnished. Move avail. 4/4. Located across the st. from campus. Call 941-685-9691 or email csherk10@hotmail.com 4-8-5-4 ARC of Alachua County Male roommate wanted: Nice Man with developmental disablilites is looking to share rent and utilities with roommate in spacious apt. within walking distance of SFCC. Apply in person with HR Department at 3303 NW 83rd St. or call 334-4060 4-8-5-4 Beautiful home in trees on quiet street near UF. Quiet for study. Gourmet kitchen, fireplace, hi-spd DSL internet, cable TV, W/D, cent A/C, Ig yard, cats welcome. $340 + utils. 352-271-87114-8-5-4 Room in NW home. $325/mo incl utils & DSL. No pets, mature male non-drinker/ smoker. Avail 5/1/05 (flex) Scott 335-8209 4-15-10-4 M/F NS grad student/prof for room in 3BR/ 2BA house near Vet School & Shands. Lease expires 7/31. $350/mo neg + 1/3 utils. Call Josh 372-0860 4-20-12-4 Avail starting 5/1 Share beautiful 3BR/2BA home on 2 care lot $475/mo utils ncl. 850685-0632 4-8-5-4 Sell your house, condo, acreage, mobile home and much more in the ALLIGATOR CLASSIFIEDS! Reach over24,000 possible buyers! Mastercard and Visa accepted over the phone. Please Call 373-Find Quad-, Tri-, or Duplex w/pvt parking, extra land, 60 sec walk to UF. Exc cond. House 3/4BR, 2BA, wd firs, covered prch, concrete patio, garage/work-shop. Pvt Owner. 352538-2181 Iv mssg 4-20-71-5 NEW COMPANY IN GAINESVILLE looking to buy or lease houses in this area. Any 'size, price or condition. 352-264-7347 or visit us at www.happygatorhomes.com 4-20-71-5 The Flavor of New Orleans comes to campus. Luxurious St. Charles Condominiums. 1 block to UF. Choose from 2BR/2BA flats, or view the University from your 3BR/3BA townhouse. Prices starting in the $180's 3758256 4-20-71-5 ARE YOU INTERESTED IN PURCHASING A HOUSE OR CONDO NEAR UF? Plenty of properties are available. Call Marc J. Nakieh at Campus Realty 352-235-1576 4-20-68-5 WANT ALL YOUR FRIENDS TO BE JEALOUS OF YOU NEXT YEAR? Own + live in a new luxury campusarea condo. Over 10 new projects to choose from at affordable prices. Visit www.mattpricerealtor.com or call today 352-281-3551 Matt Price Campus Realty 4-6-42-5 HOT STUDENT CONDOS NEAR UF Save Thousandss When You Buy Now. FREE LIST of Great Local Condos. www.UF-Condos.com Campus Realty Group 6-3-40-5 1 BR/1 BA LOFT CONDO ELEGANT BOHEMIAN STYLE. Interior features a customized kitchen, bath & balcony, convt to UF, Shands, VA & mall. Amp. pking. $73,800 352-222-2942 photos.yahoo.com/ dgmatt45 4-20-28-5 Townhouse 3BR/2BA. Close to UF. On bus rt. Quiet location. Dish/W, W/D, tile kitchen, living/dining area. Fenced backyard. Pool. $140,000 352-284-6154 4-5-15-5 Great Homes Near UF STOP Renting. Own Your Home. FREE LIST of Campus Area Homes www.Homes-Near-UF.com Campus Realty Group 6-3-34-5 FOR SALE OR RENT TO OWN -GET READY FOR SUMMER -ADORABLE LAKE HOUSE on spring-fed pvt lake in Keystone Hgts. 2/2, large lot. Avail now. $129,950. Call 379-0619 4-20-20-5 HORSE PROPERTY Lease-to-own or owner financing. 3BR/ 2.5BA, 2091 sq ft. 3.86 acres, block & stucco, fireplace, $2150/mo + down. Owner licensed realtor Michael Quinones 376-2433 4-20-19-5 CUTE 2BR/2BA CONDO. Quiet neighborhood conv to mall & UF. End unit. High ceilings. Loft style master BR w/separate study. $95,500. Call 352-246-1802 4-8-6-5 BED-Queen, orthopedic, firm, extra thick, pillow-top, mattress & box. Name brand, new, still in plastic. Sacrifice $150. Call 352372-7490 will deliver. 4-20-71-6 BED -FULL SIZE ORTHOPEDIC Pillow-top mattress & box. New, unused, still in plastic w/warranty. Can deliver. Sacrifice $140. Call 352-377-9846 4-20-71-6 MICROFIBER SOFA & LOVESEAT Brand new still packaged w/warranty. Must sell. Can deliver. Retail $2300. Sacrifice $550 352-372-7490 4-20-71-6 BED -King Pillowtop mattress & box springs. Orthopedic rated. Name brand, new, never been used, in plastic with warranty. Sell $230. Call 352-372-8588 Can deliver. 420-71-6 CHERRY SLEIGH BED solid with Pillowtop Mattress & Box. All new still boxed. Cost $1500, sacrifice $550 352-271-5119 4-2071-6 BEDROOM SET. 7pc Cherry, Queen/ king bed, dresser w/mirror, 2 nightstands, chests avail. Dovetail const. New, in boxes. Can deliver. Retail $6500, must sell, sacrifice $1400 (352-) 372-7490 4-20-71-6 SOFA & LOVESEAT 100% Italian leather. Brand' new in plastic w/warranty. Retail $2650. Sacrifice $750. Call 352-377-9846 4-20-71-6 DINING ROOM Beautiful cherry set w/table, 6 Chippendale chairs, hutch & buffet. New, still in boxes. Retail $5200, sacrifice $1100. Must sell. Can deliver 352-372-8588 4-2071-6 FUTON Solid oak mission-style frame w/ mattress. Brand new, all unused in box. Sell $199 can deliver. 352-377-9846 4-20-71-6 BedsOFull mattress & boxspring sets $49SQn sets $89OSingle sets $39SKing sets $999From estate sale: Safe pine bunk bed $109. 376-0939/378-0497. Call a Mattress 4370 SW 20th Ave 4-20-71-6 DIAL-A-WASHER Washer & Dryer 1 yr lease $300, 1 semester $160. Call 332-0602 or 3183721 4-5-20-6 4-PIECE BEDROOM SET Includes: bed, dresser w/attached mirror, nightstand armoire. Sacrifice at $325 OBO. 419-799-9181 Eric 4-7-7-6 FOOSEBALL TABLE Excellent Cond $700 OBO. 372-1138 (afternoon or 378-5524 4-7-5-6 GATORNERD.COM -computer/laptop repair -networks, wireless, virus -we BEAT all prices! home/dorm 352-219-2980 4-20-66-7 Electronics DISCOUNT HI-FI 722 S. Main I The Red Bldg WE ARE CHEAPER 4-20-71-8 $101 TV'S, COMPUTERS, VIDEO GAMESI Police Seized! From $10! Info: 800-7498128 ext M974 4-20-31-8 Bicycles-In the market for a new set of wheels or just looking to add a second to that collection? Want personalized handlebars or a fitted seat? Check in the Alligator Classifieds. NEW & USED BIKES FOR SALE Many to choose from 0 Best Prices in Town SPIN CYCLE 373-3355 424 W University Ave 4-20-69-9 a For Sale PARKING: Private, Secure, Guaranteed. 60 sec to UF. Reserve -row! Reasonable rates. 352-5382181. Can leave mssg. 4-20-71-10 PARTY SUPPLIES: Complete line of bar supplies, glassware, beer taps, draft beer equipment. Professional cooking utensils. R.W.Beaty Co. 4322 NW 13th St, Gville RWBEATY.COM 376-5939. 4-20-71-10 Come see what's new! GCM thrift shops downtown 238 SW 4th Ave, NW 5001 NW 34th St. Get more bang for your $! New items daily Mon -Sat 378-3654 4-20-43-10 SUNFISH SAILBOAT 14' w/trailer. Good condition. $150 871-7012 4-6-4-10 "College Survival Tips" e-book. Download with credit card or e-check; or pay by check and receive in e-mail. Only $8 at wwrealti mepublications.corn 4-18-11-10 Moto recycles, Moped a Com puter 1 1 -1 ) A+ Auatke DHe 8-23-170-7 Computer HELP fast! A+ Computer Geek House/dorm 59 min response. No waiting/ unplugging/hassels. $10 Gator Discount. M/F Cert MCSE technicians. 333-8404. www.AComputerGeek.com 8-23-170-7 *G Ville Computer Repair Inc* Service on all PC MAC and Networks 1204 NW 13th St Ste #10 352-337-2500. 4-2071-7 COMPUTER SOLUTIONS, INC. Complete residential & commercial support, networking & website development. $45/hr www.gainesvillecsi.com 371-2230 4-20-71-7 LAPTOP REPAIR Buy & sell. Looking for quantity for parts. www.porecycle.biz 336-0075 4-20-71-7 "COMPUTER & LAPTOP REPAIRS" Network specialists We buy computers and laptops Working and Non-working 378-4009, 607 NW 13th Street 4-20-71-7 tomputerfntfonet 352.219280 ** SCOOTERS ** RPM MOTORCYCLES INC SALES, SERVICE, PARTS Many Brands Available 518 SE 2nd St. www.RPMmotorcycles.com 377-6974 4-20-71-11 Swamp Cycles Electric Bikes, Scooters, and more! Prices from $450 with lyr warranty 534 SW 4th Ave. 373-8823 www.swampycles.com 4-20-70-11 *NEW SCOOTERS 4 LESS* New location now open 1901 NW 67th Place 352-336-1271 www.newscooters4less.com Best prices in Gainesville. Owned by Gator grads. All models & directions avail on website. 4-20-50-11 ** CASH PAID FOR MOTORCYCLES ** SCOOTERS, DIRT BIKES in ANY condition, Running or Not, Titles orNot. PROMPT PICK UP. Call ANYTIME 352-495-7769 Please leave message 5-24-25-11 ***SOLANO CYCLE*** Scooters from $599. Largest selction KYMCO, Vento, Hyosung, Keen & marly others. Financing avail. 3550 SW 34th St. 338-8450 solanocycle.com 8-15-43-11 BMW R60/5 1972 Garage kept. 14,000 miles. $1250/OBO Call 665-9381 4-20-14-11 Classifieds. Continued on next page. 

PAGE 18

18, ALLIGATOR 0 MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 Ato s Help Wanted Help Wanted a e Up-Wanted Help Wanted *FAST CASH PAID FOR ANY CARe *Running or notl* NEED HONDA, TOYOTA, PICKUPS *Over 10 yr svc to UF students OCall Don @ 215-7987 4-20-71-12 CARS -CARS BuyOSellOTrade Clean BMW, Volvo, Mercedes Toyota, Honda, Nissan cars 3432 N Main St. www.carrsmith.com CARRSMITH AUTO SALES 373-1150 4-20-71-12 **FAST CASH PAID** t For: CARS, TRUCKS, MOTORCYCLES Running or Not 1990 & up only Call Ray 352-284-8619 4-20-71-12 OVER 50 IMPORTS UNDER $10,000 SELECT MOTOR CAR THE YELLOW BUILDING 2715 N MAIN 377-1616 www.seleclmotorcar.as 4-20-71-12 Best Cars o Lowest Prices www.39thaveimports.com 4-20-71-1212 *HEADLINERS SAGGING?* **Power windows don't work?** On site available Call Steve 338-5142. 4-20-71-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES Bring your W2 & drive home today. Cash cars as low as $1000. No credit check. Call now 338-1999 4-20-63-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES We finance anyone $2000 discount off finance price. More than 150 vehicles in stock. Call 338-1999 Drive today! 4-20-63-12 SUN CITY AUTO SALES All vehicles $0 down & up! Plus-+++ 30 day warranty sag & trans. No credit check. Call 338-1888 4-20-63-12 88 Honda Accord $699 86 Buick LeSabre $799 88 Toyota Corolla $899 90 Acura Legend $999 (352) 338-1999 4-20-45-12 '90 Chevy Lumina Van $149 '93 Chevy Blazer $1499 90 Ford F-150 $2499 93 Chrysler New Yorker $1999 (352) 338-1999 4-20-45-12 1991 MIATA Racing green convertible w/tan interior. Perfect condition. If interested call 379-0619 4-20-20-12 Wafted LOCAL ARTIST NEEDS: GOLD, DIAMONDS, GEMS, CLASS RINGS, ETC TOP CASH $ OR TRADE. OZZIE'S FINE JEWELRY. 373-9243 4-20-71-13 On-going VOLUNTEER needed: Blind lady needs trans on Sundays only to Mass @ Queen of Peace Catholic Church or St. Augustine Catholic Church. For more info call 219-6948. I live in the Tower Rd area. 4-20-742-13 WANTED: TUTOR NATIVE SPEAKING THAI. For conversational lang lessons. BKK/Central dialect. Flex sched. Call 372-7711 4-7-5-13 Help Wanted This newspaper assumes no responsibility for injury or loss arising from contacts made through advertising. We suggest that any reader who responds to advertising use caution and investigate the sincerity of the advertiser before giving out personal information or arranging meetings Sthe hndependent f oridi, ADVERTISING SECRETARY Enthusiastic, positive attitude, detail oriented, organized individual needed to coordinate daily office procedures. Must work well under pressure meeting daily deadlines. Possess excellent customer service skills. Duties include some procedural training with a constantly changing student sales staff. Modest salary, good benefits, and excellent working environment. With resume, send cover letter that must include salary requirements for you to be consideredrfor an interview. Send to Assistant Deneral Manager, The Independent Florida Alligator, POB 14257, Gainesville, FL, 32604. No phone calls please. EOE. 0t[le independent florida alli gator Evening Newpaper Production Applications are now being accepted for editorial production at the Independent Florida Alligator. Applicants should be available two to three nights a week between 6:00 pm and 1 am, Sunday through Thursday. Production duties include layout and design. Experience is preferred on software applications, Adobe Indesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Acrobat. A one-year commitment is expected. Please include references and availability on application. All previous applicants are encouraged to reapply. Fill out application at the front desk of the Alligator, 1105 W. University Ave. between 9am and 4pm, M-F. Ask for the production application. Equal Opportunity Employer. 0 the independent floida alligator AD GRAPHIC DESIGNER The Alligator Production department is accepting student applications for the position of Ad Graphic Designer. Starting with Summer Semester. Will train, but experience is preferred with Adobe InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, and Acrobat. Friendly work environment, flexible schedule, with hours between 9AM and 5PM Mon -Fri. Fill out an application at the front desk of The Alligator, 1105 W. University Ave, Mon-Fri 9AM-5PM. Inicude available work schedule and references. Previous applicants are welcome to reapply with current schedule. EOE LIKE TO WORK WITH LUXURY CARS? Bright? Enthusiastic? Like people? Must be over 22, stable work history, clean driving record, drug-free, pers ref. www.carrsmith.com for details. 4-20-71-14 Animal Care Tech looking for hard working person to work w/ reptiles & rodents. Wll train, PT to start with more hrs possible. Start at $5.50/hr. Flex hrs. Please call 495-9024 between 9-4 M-F. 4-20-71-4 CNA CLASS: Learn @ your own time and pace. Everything you need to be a CNA and pass the state exam is on VCR tape. 95% pass the state exam the 1st time! $200. Call 800-566-4913 Hrs: 12N to 5PM 4-20-71-14 Phone survey interviewers wanted. Start work today! No sales, opinion research only! Flexible Schedule! Perceptive Market Research 336-6760 ex 4081 Call now! 420-71-14 Students in Accounting, Aviation, Business/ Sales and IT needed for various positions. Flexible schedules and competitive pay. Join our team! Learn more at www.gleim.com/ employment 4-20-68-14 University of Florida Survey Research Center 392-2908 ext. 105 $7/hr + BONUS + Paid Training Nights + Weekends Telephone Interviewing NO SALES .Must work summer breaks. 408 W. University Ave Suite #106 4-20-71-14 $$ STUDENTS GET CASH $$ For gently used brand name Clothing/accessories & furniture $Cash on the Spot$ SANDY'S No appt necessary 2906 NW 13th St 372-1226 420-71-14 HIRING KITCHEN STAFF & DRIVERS FT or PT, flexible schedules. Call 2-5pin 3782442 or come in and fill out an application @ California Chicken Grill 2124 SW 34th St Mon-Fri 4-20-71-14 BARTENDING $250 A DAY POTENTIAL No experience necessary, training provided. 800-965-6520 ext 138 4-2071-14 SECRET SHOPPERS Needed for evaluations of Local Stores, Restaurants and Theaters Flexible Hours, E-mail required Call 1-800-585-9024 ext 6254 4-20-71-14 AUDITORS for local growing inventory service. FT/PT, DFWP. Paid training. Call 352-367-4608. www.aicscompanies.com 4-20-83-14 Mortgage lender has sales positions avail for college sudents seeking prof work exp. $8-9/hr + bonus. No exp req'd, flex hrs. Apply in person btwn 4-8pm Mon-Fri 1900 SW 34 St Ste 206 (2nd fir above credit union)4-2070-14 DOMINO'S PIZZA World's largest pizza delivery company now hiring Delivery Drivers Pizza makers Phone order takers $9 -$14/hr All you need is a reliable car & a very positive attitude. Apply @ any of the 5 Domino's locations in Gainesville. 4-20-70-14 Attention Smokers! Earn about $6/hr. Smokers are needed to participate in a study on decision making & smoking. If interested come to the psychology bldg room 397 or call 392-0601 ext 297 4-20-63-14 DRIVERS NEEDED gatorfood.com. Can earn anywhere between $8-$20/hr. Set your own schedule. Call Dave for info: 379-9600 4-8-55-14 OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR needed. Gatorfood.com is looking for responsible, enthusiastic people. City geography knowledge, customer svc. exp helpful. Room for advancement For more info: David 379-3663 4-8-55-14 CASH Tired of sifting around w/out it? Sit here & make it! UF FLORIDA REPDIALS seeks UF students to reaise funds. Earn up to $8.00/hr with a FLEXIBLE schedule. Apply at 105 NW 16th St. 4th Floor. Academic Classroom Building 105, or call 392-7754 for more info. 4-20-63-14 Finance company needing office -assistant & collections associate. Young, progressive company w/advancement & bonuses. 25 hrs/wk. Start immediately. Fax resume to 352-378-4156 5-19-63-14 SUMMER JOBS 0$2100 Co-Ed Camp Seven Weeks Room and Board Included GET PAID TO PLAY! The Florida Elks Youth Camp (FEYC). needs male and female Summer Camp Counselors ages 18and up. FEYC is an overnight camp located off of Highway 450 in Umatilla, FL The camp runs June 6 -July 23. Please contact Krys Ragland at 1-800-523-1673 ext. 250 or 352-669-9443 ext 250. 4-20-58-14 SECRETARY needed. Gatorfood.com is looking for personable, responsible, enthusiastic, fun people. Customer service exp helpful. For more info call David 379-3663 4-8-44-14 GET PAID for YOUR OPINIONS! Earn $15-$125 and more per survey! www.moneyforsurveys.com 4-20-58-14 Web developer wanted. HTML, CSS, motivated. 1 year minimum, portfolio a must, graphic skills preferred. Contact alallen@ufl.edu 4-20-42-14 Flash programmer wanted. Animation action script, graphic experience, portfolio a must, 1 year minimum. Contact alallen@uftl.edu 4-20-42-14 EARN $60 THIS WEEK! Donate Plasma & Save a Life $$$$$$$$$$$ $ Best part-time job you'll ever have. NEW DONORS Bring this Ad and Earn an Extra $5 on Your 2nd Donation. DCI Biologicals 150 NW 6th St. 352-378-8204 4-20-40-14 Web Programmer -asp, asp net, vb script, c#, SQL knowledge. E-mail resume to jobs@352media.com 4-20-43-14 *DANCERS NEEDED* Private dance co. Great for students. Great pay, fast cash & flexible hours. Call to start today! 378-3312 4-12-20-14 *SUMMER WORK* College Credit Possible $672/wk 888-362-2635 ext 251 for more info. 4-2032-14 SAT/ACT tutor to help develop on-line study program. Contact 352-375-0772 Ext 122 or forward resume to hr@gleim.com www.gleim.com 4-5-20-14 WANTED: PT barn help in exchange for living accomodations. Exp needed. Micanopy area. Silber Ridge Stables 352-361-1454 4-12-25-14 GREAT PAY FOR PEOPLE WHO STAYl Park Pace Car Wash looking for hard workers all positions. Cashiers (full day availablity) & line workers. (am 8:30-1 & pm 12-6 shifts avail) 15-40hrs your choice. Great work environment. Apply: 7404 NW4th Blvd. By Home Depot. No phone calls please. 420-31-14 $1380 weekly stuffing envelopes. FT/PT No experience necessary. For more info call 386-462-9301 4-8-20-14 CAMP COUNSELORS -Gain valuable experience while having the summer of a lifetime. Counselors, needed for Outdoor Adventure, Arts, Aquatics & more in the Pocono Mtns of Pennsylvania. Apply on line @ www.pineforestcamp.com 4-20-26-14 EBAY POWER SELLER WANTED 8 hrs daily. $1000-$2000/mo. Resume to behrus3000@hotmail.com. Need perfect ebay selling experience. 514-7773 4-5-1514 Customer Service rep wanted. MS Office Experience required. Permanent Full-Time Position. Contact: Jackson Industries, 4001 Newberry Rd, E4, GvI or info@jacksonllc.corn 5-24-30-14 O2BKIDS searching for dance team, gymnastic & pre-school teachers leads w/CDA, as well as housekeepers for all locations. FT/ PT positions avail. Apply within. 4-6-15-14 Spend your summer making a difference in the lives of underprivileged boys and girls ages 10-15. Florida Sheriffs Youth Ranches Camping Services is hiring full-time and temporary staff for summer camp and mobile day camp programs. Activities include canoeing, arts & crafts, bikes, horseback riding, archery, team sports, high and low ropes course. and skits. Employment dates May 21 -August 5. Pre-camp training includes First Aid, CPR, Lifeguard, and NCI. We will be at UF conducting interviews on March 8, 30 and April 11th. Call Mike Brannan at 352-447-2259 for more information. EOE/DFWP 4-20-24-14 Girl Scout Camp hiring counselors, lifeguards, nurses, boating instructor, arts/crafts director, equestrian staff. Min age 18. Salary + meals & housing. 8 wks, 5/30 -7/23. Call 800-347-2688 or email jcarr@girlscouts-gateway.org. EOE 4-1820-14 TOP BOYS SPORTS CAMP IN MAINE! PLAY & COACH SPORTS HAVE FUN MAKE $$$ CAMP COUNSELOR POSITIONS AVAILABLE IN OVER 15 SPORTS .& ACTIVITIES FOR SUMMER 2005. CHECK IT OUT AND APPLY ONLINE NOW: WWW.CAMPCOBBOSSEE.COM 4-20-22-14 Groundskeepers FT, PT Custodial duties/Apt Maint Transportation req. DFWP EEO 220 N Main 375-2152 x301 4-20-22-14 Leasing Consultant, FT, PT Energetic Attitude Cast. Sewv. Exp. DFWP EEO0 220 N. Main 375-2152 x301 4-23-22-14 Runner for law firm Experienced only, must own vehicle, PT, M-F, 12 -5:30, fax resume to 352-376-4645 4-4-10-14 Accounting Tutor I will pay well for your time to help student taking accounting at SFCC thru April. Must have taken "managerial accting" or have a degree in accounting. Fax 352-335-8566, or stevegvl@hotmail.com 4-8-14-14 Camp Counselors Needed at Camp Wekiva in Wekiva Springs State Park, Apapka FL A residential, Environmental Camp. Boys -June 7-25, Girls June 25-July 23 Contact mj.meherg@worldnet.att.net 4-19-20-14 Sky Nite Club Gainesville's #1 night club 5 years in a row is hiring employees for bartenders, beertub, security, cashiers & promoters. If you are out-going &want to work in a fun environment, please send picture & resume to skyniteclub@aol.com 4-8-13-14 MOST 5WANTID Robert Edward Deg raff White Male (DOB 03/30173); 6'00", 175 lbs, Brown Hair, Brown Eyes Wanted for: 2 Counts of Burglary of a Dwelling. ALACHUA COUNTY CRIME STO0-PPERS Call (352) 372-STOP 

PAGE 19

.MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 0 ALLIGATOR, 19 Wp/anted -'HelpWanted W Help Wanted Hel p Wantedrce Sky Nite Club is looking for students that are seeking internships in advertising & marketing. Gain valuable experience interning w/Gainesvill's #1 night club Send a resume to skynitecub@aol.com 4-8-13-14 5 STAR PIZZA is now hiring delivery drivers Great pay, flexible hrs. Closing drivers average over $100 per shift. Apply in person at 600 NW 75th St. 352-3337979 4-5-10-14 *AMBERS ANGELS* Dancers Needed for Adult Entertainment Co Great Pay & Flexible Hours. Call 335-3875 4-12-15-14 PT CLEANING SERVICE Grent tsr college sutdents. Flexible Hours Excellent puy. No exp nec. 378-8252 4-410-14 Hiring KITCHEN STAFF. Apply between 2 & 4 pm, Mon -Fri, CALICO JACKS 3501 SW 2nd Ave. Creekside Mall. 4-6-10-14 RGIS Inventory Specialists seekig part-time auditors Starting wage $8.00 per hour Apply at RGISINV.com 4-20-20-14 TENNIS STAFF NEEDED The 29th Annual GATOR TENNIS CAMP is now hiring good tennis players for the four weeks in June. Only quality players need apply. Excellent Pay, working approx. 9 hours per day. Camp is held on UF Campus, using Ring Complex and the Flavet Courts. If interested, please call M.B. Chafin, Camp Director, at 392-3538, or in the evenings 376-8030. If no answer, please leave message. L a) 0 U Z: PT/FT LANDSCAPERS WANTED Valid driver's license a must. 352-222-1904 4-14-15-14 APARTMENT HUNTERS hiring energetic, customer-service oriented people. Flexible scheduling, some nights & weekends. Apply @ 1310 W. University Ave. 4-8-11-14 Local Web Development Firm with fun, team-based enthusiastic environment seeks summer interns for project management and sales depts. Email resume to hr@352media.com 4-20-18-14 Hiring full time and part time caterers & drivers. Positive, fun, work environment with flexible hours. Skills include great attitude, affinity for fast-paced work environment, and enthusiasm for customer service. Apply in person at Celebrations Catering, 904 N. Main St. 4-8-20-14 PT OFFICE HELP. Good driving record, experience w/Autocad, Excel, Word helpful. $7.50/hr to start. Call Wells at 219-1183 or email wells@ridgwaytruss.com or 352-3713316 4-6-7-14. DISHWASHER -Apply in person at the Sovereign Restaurant service entrance 12 SE 2nd Ave After 2pm. 4-5-5-14 Servers, all shifts, dining rm/banquets. Flex HRS, excellent compensation. Apply 2-5pm, Tues-Sat, Gainesville Country Club, 7300 SW 35th Way. 4-4-5-14 O.5 0 > ) in Green Sparrow Chinese Restaurant now hiring: Cooks (Chinese specialty), Kitchen Helpers, Cashiers, Servers, Delivery Drivers. Apply in person 4-5pm. 871-5771 www. green-sparrow.com 4-4-5-14 The City of Gainesville's Recreation & parks Department is looking for summer camp counselors, lifeguards, swim instructors end pool attendants.tPlease apply online at www.cityofgainesville.org 4-11-10-14 Gainesville Country Club Housekeeping position PT Mon-Fri 7:00 am to 1:00 pm. Lunch provided. Call Greg at 317-5602 DFWP 4-4-5-14 MANY POSITIONS AVAILABLE The YMCA is now hiring enthusiastic staff members to fill positions in the following areas: Afterschool counselors, summer camp counselors, sports camp counselors, gymnastics instructors, program directors, group cycling instructors, customer service personnel, weekend activities staff, dance instructors/director, lifeguards/swim instructors, soccer referees, bus drivers and more. Hiring at multiple locations throughout North Central Florida. Apply in person at 5201 NW 34th St. Gainesville, Fl 32605. interviews begin immediately, so apply today! 4-1110-4 Now accepting applications for Resident Asssitant and apprenetice ResicentlAssistant positions for the SUMMER 2005 Semester' Applications are avaiabe from Kathy Smith in the Department of Houseing and REsidence Ecuctalon Office, and are doe by 4:00pm on Monday, April 18, 2005. For further information contact Kathy Smith at 392-2171 ext 10139. 4-18-14-14 THE VILLAGE MARKET GOURMET FOODS & COFFEE SHOP. PT help needed 15-25 hrs. All shifts available. Call for directions only. 380-0111 4-5-5-14 LEASING CONSULTANT Experience a plus. Enthusiastic, energetic. PT position avail at University Commons. Apply in person or call 377-6700 4-12-10-14 BAKERS NEEDED $7.50/hr. No experience necessary. Chesapeake Bagel. 4113 NW 16th Blvd. 352-384-9110 4-5-5-14 SERVERS NEEDED for Sawamura Japanese Steakhouse. PT from 1-4pm. Apply in person 1624 SW 13th St. 4-5-5-14 Comfort Inn West is now hiring part time front desk clerks. Flexible scheduling, great work environment. Please apply in person. 3440 SW 40th Blvd. 4-5-5-14 CAMP STAFF YMCA overnight camp seeks dependable fun-loving staff. Must enjoy working w/ children & able to live on-site. Call 352-4663587 for more info. 4-12-10-14 The Florida Book Store is currently hiring temporary cashiering help for Spring Textbook Buyback and the first of Summer A/C Classes. Applicants with previous cashieringeand customer service experience are preferred. This position requires availability during the following times: Monday, April 11th through Friday April 15th for training; Saturday, April 16th through Sunday, May 1st for textbook buyback and Saturday, May 7th through Sunday, May 15th for the first week of Summer A/C Classes. Apply in person at 1614 W. University Avenue, complete an application and ask for Carolynne between the hours 2pm-5pm Monday through Friday. Please do not drop off applications during times not specified including weekends.Equal Opportunity Employer 4-12-10-14 Receptionist Position. Corner Drug Store, Inc. is looking for a part time Receptionist. Decent pay, flexible hours, great people! Good opportunity for full and part time students. Please submit resumes to Lanard Perry at: lanardperry@cornerdrugstore.org if interested. No phone calls please. 4-43-14 ZAXBY'S on 43rd St now hiring ALL POSITIONS-ALL SHIFTS. Please contact Boris 376-8700 4-6-5-14 AmeriCorps: Make a Difference! Volunteers urgently needed to tutor reading to children in grades K-3 in Alachua schools. We train you. Serve 2 or more hours per week. Needed for summer school (June) also. Choose your hours from 8:00 to 5:00. Contact Jasmine at AmeriCorpsVolunteers@yahoo.com or call 222-8777 4-12-9-14 LEASING AGENT PT for luxury apartments, will train, must be friendly, energetic. Some weekends required. Tivoli Apartments 3798090 4-6-5-14 PT RETAIL SALES HELP NEEDED at LLOYD BAILEY SCUBA & WATER SPORTS. Must be an experienced, certified SCUBA diver. Responsible & clean-cut. Please call 332-0738 4-6-5-14 LEASE AGENT PT Show apts, sign leases. Flex hrs. Cell phone & car. Computer skills. Prefer downtown resident. 378-3075 4-53-14 Admin. Asst. for mid-size fast-paced construction co. Excellent opportunity with our project mgmt team. Experience in construction a plus. Fax resume to 375-8604 4-11-7-14 Project Mgr/Estimator for mid-size fastpaced construction co. Excellent opportunity. Fax resume to 375-8604. 4-11-7-14 P E R S O N A L / A D M I N I S T R A T I V E ASSISTANT NEEDED. Must have 2-4 hrs/day available, flexible availability. Must be organized & responsible. Email resume: kdranz@gatorfood.com or call 379-3663 4-14-10-14 Holiday inn University Center Hotel has immediate opening for the following: AM Concierge/banquet setup. Apply in person. Mon -Fri 8AM-5PM. 4-20-14-14 Hiring for summer rush. Orange & Blue Textbooks is seeking PT/FT help for upcoming semester rush. Good people skills & register. Exp pref. Stop by store @ 309 NW 13th St. for details & appt. 4-19-12-14 PART TIME CASHIER for gas station with food mart. Apply at University Chevron 1024 W. University Ave. 4-6-3-14 BABYSITTER NEEDED Two UF faculty members need help looking after their two children: a three-year-old boy and a two-year-old girl. We are looking for someone with babysitting experience who enjoys taking care of kids. We need someone who can work 10-20 hours per week. Starting pay $8/hour. Please call Jimmy at 284-2431 4-5-2-14 $$ HIRING DELIVERY DRIVERS $$ and HOSTESSES, flexible hours -lunch & dinner PT or FT. Apply in person 11to 2pm at Szechuan Panda 3830 SW 13th St. or call 336-6464 4-6-3-14 AAA STORAGE Close To UF, Convenient 4x4x4 $20/mo 4x8x8 $35/mo 533 SW 2nd Ave. 377-1771 4-20-71-15 IMPORT AUTO REPAIR.BMW, Mercedes, Porsche, Volvo, VW, Honda, Toyota, Nissan, Mazda. Quality craftsmanship, reasonable prices, near UF, AAA approved 378-7830 www.carrsmith.com 4-20-71-15 HYPNOTIST-Stop smoking. Improve memory & concentration. Eliminate bad habits. Past life regression. Learn self-hypnosis. Low Student Rates. Leonard Umans AAPH, NGH certified 379-1079. 4-20-67-15 ** GATOR MOVING & STORAGE ** Local and long distance moving. Free Estimates One item or a housefull. FL Reg # IM19 Call Now! (352)374-4791 800-797-6766. 4-20-71-15 PERSONAL TRAINING 300 Personal and Group Training Flexible Scheduling Exclusive Facility Call fora free workout 339-2199 4-20-71-15 ** BELLY DANCE ** Ethnic Dance Expressions Studio For Fun & Fitness 384-9200 www.ethnicdanceexpressions.com 4-20-71-15 HORSE BOARDING -peaceful -spacious 30 acres -ring-arena -round pens -experienced help -12x12 stalls 1-352-472-2627. Owner on premisis -35+ yrs exp. Lessons avail. 4-20-71-15 MOSSWOOD FARM Come ride with us! Great Farm Awesome Horses & Top Notch Instruction. Hunters & Natural Horsemanship. 466-0465 mwfarm@attglobal.net 4-20-67-15 TRAFFIC SCHOOL ONLINE Take Points Off Your Driver's License And Dismiss Traffic Tickets With Online Driver Improvement Courses onlinedrivingschool.idrivesafely.com 4-20-71-15 Whipoorwill Farm: Stall and/or pasture board. 10 min W of UF off Archer Rd. CBS Barn 12x12 stalls on 27 shaded acres. Lighted arena, round pen, trails, backroom. Owner on premises. 376-8792 4-20-71-15 SLEEPY HOLLOW HORSE FARM Quality Boarding 0 Lessons/English 0 Parties Alachua County's oldest & finest horse farm 0@466-4060 4-20-71-15 ***YOGA*** Classes & Workshops at Sanctuary www.yogagainesville.com 352-336-5656 4-20-71-15 WRITING AID AND TYPING I can help you to complete your paper. Learn to write. Outline, Research, Grammar, Coherency, Typing 374-7038 4-20-50-15 TERM PAPER HELP: Frustrated? Need Assistance? Help with research and .writing? TOLL FREE 1-888-345-8295 www.customessay.com 4-8-60-15 **Lifeguard Training* Red Cross certification includes CPR professional rescuer/first aid Classes start now 392-1161x4283 www.shcc.ufl.edu/cpr 4-4-49-15 ***TAEKWONDO*** 30 Day Trial Membership Free Men 0 Women 0 Children 352-375-0700 www.protkd.com 40-20-59-15 MOST IMPORTANT SKILL FOR LAW SCHOOL SUCCESS? Check out: IawsChOOlprepCOurSe.COm 4-20-58-15 Classifieds. Continued on next page. a n 

PAGE 20

20, ALLIGATOR EMONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 /ces .3athrvies3 Personals WktsZRUesZ 'e'r~i~,$ H e thFLYr TcRdes **AUTO MALL SERVICE DEPT** Complete Auto Service Imports & Domestics 0 Cars & Trucks Discount for students. Call 352-380-0033 www.automallgainesville.com 4-20-56-15 EVERGLADE EQUESTRIAN CENTER The countryclub for horses & owners. Customer lounge w/full kitchen & bath 250' x 160' riding ring, round pen & jump paddock. Lessons. 30 acres, 40 mtted stalls, 19 separate paddocks. 24-hr security, 352-5913175 everglade-eqestrian.com 8-15-25-15 * GREAT BANNERS & SIGNS * Custom Posters 0 Exhibits 0 Awards Top Quality Fast 0 Service @ Low Prices www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 9-2-61-15 Jump start your job searCh at www.Colige-reSumes. Com 8-15-51-15 AWARDS & PERSONALIZED GIFTS Plaquese0 Name Badges 0 Cups Etc. Best Selection In Town www.signpower.com SignMasters 335-7000 9-2-61-15 STORAGE PRE-LEASE SPECIAL hassles 0 Free Lock 0 Prorated Close to UP FOAll Sizes 0 No Deposit Archer Road Self Storage3371-4296 South West Self Storage 374-4444 4-20-20-15 CLOSEST, CHEAPEST Lessons 0 Training 0 Boarding & Jumps Large pastures & trails. Jonesville. www.ponyupfarm.com 331-0356. 4-2020-15 ENGLISH TUTORING English as 2nd language Reading, Composition, Conversation Experienced educators. Reasonable fees. Tel: 352-335-9400 4-20-19-15 FINANCE TUTOR Individuals or small groups. Experienced, excellent 375-6641 Harold Nobles 4-6-5-15 LSAT AFFORDABLE TEST PREP Full length course and private tutoring. Higher score, 100% satisfaction guaranteed. Call 372-8560 or 1-800-910-1352 4-6-5-15 $$$ SUMMER STORAGE SPECIALS $$$ 5X10 ONLY $130 & 1OX15 ONLY $275 PAYS APRIL THROUGH AUGUST CALL TODAY! SPACE LIMITED! NW MINI STORAGE 332-5517 4-20-14-15 M!! APRIL MCATI There is still time to boost your April MCAT score! Unique proven techniques. 100% satisfaction guaranteed. Call 372-8560 or 1-800-910-1352 4-5-2-15 il Health Services All Women's Health Center ABORTION Free Pregnancy Test RU-486 Available 378-9191 www.abortiongainesville.com 4-20-71-16 THE TRUE YOU! Lose 8-15 pounds in 4 weeks Only $99! Gain muscle while you lose fat Groups forming now. 339-2199. 4-20-71-16 URGENT CAREIWALK-IN MEDICAL Students -No Appointment Needed! FIRST CARE OF GAINESVILLE 4881 NW 8th Ave #2, 373-2340 Most Ins Accepted, Hours M-F 8a-6p 4-2071-16 TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR ACNE with Blue Light Treatments for moderate acne. Call Dermatology Associates 352-332-405.1 4-20-67-16 ABORTION/ABORTION by PILL (RU-486) IV sedation, Student Discount. Well Woman Care & Birth Control Bread & Roses Women's Health Ctr 352-372-1664. 4-20-71-16 MEET SINGLES ON YOUR CELL Text the word FLIRT to 69000 18+/99 cents/msg recvd/txtlife.com 4-7-5-18 Want to make a connection? Place your ad here to look for someone to share a common interest with or for your true love ***AIRFARE $118 RT*** NYC, DC, Philly, New England & more! Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-20-71-22 ***FLY TO/FROM*** COCOA BEACH, BREVARD COUNTY $99 rt www.flybaerair.com 1-866-453-2605 4-20-67-23 Furry, feathery, scaly.no, not your roommate.pets. Find or advertise your pets PINK EYE? Participate in a study to treat 'PctiN conjuntiitin afie artitoipat IVANA or pet products here in the Pets section of will get free evaluation, medication-pabe Thanks for inviting me to your party. I'll see the Alligator reimbursed for their time. Cull Dr. Levy @ you at University Club Tuesday night. 331-2020 immediately. 4-20-26-16 4-5-2-19 Love, Bret Lost & Found GMG TRANSPORT ServicesEventNoticesEverybody knows how awful if feels to lose 20 Yrs. as the Official So. Fl. Bus something. If you find something, call the -t.it.U o-nn k AAlisnn -' SAME DAY SERVICE: transcription, typing, apps. Desktop pub: brochures, newsletters, flyers, ads, logos. Resume service -17 yrs exp. -24 hr turnaround. New phone #Connie 271-2677 4-13-30-17 IS YOUR BUSINESS, CLUB OR ORGANIZATION HAVING AN EVENT? DO YOU HAVE A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT? PLACE YOUR AD HERE AND GET IT NOTICED! Personals Entertainment Anonymous HIV Antibody Testing Alachua County Health Dept. Call 334-7960 for app't (optional $20 fee) SAVE ON RAYBAN/SUNGLASSES University Opticians 300 SW 4th Ave. 378-4480. 4-20-71-18 GUNS! GUNS! GUNS! 1800 Gun Inventory Over 500 handguns in stock Buy, Sell, Trade or Repair. Reloading Supplies 466-3340 Harry Beckwith, Gun Dealer Swi. South of Geville on 441 4-20-71-18 *Family Chiropractic* Since 1977. Two blocks from U.F. 373-7070 4-20-71-18 FLASHBACKS PAYS CASH FOR CLOTHES. We buy 10-5, M-Sat. Open to shop til 6. WE ALSO BUY HOUSEHOLD ITEM. 211 W Univ Ave 375-3752. 4-20-71-18 VEGETARIAN? Try BOOK LOVER'S CAFE Inside Books, Inc. 505 NW 13 St. 10-9 384-0090 4-20-71-18 WALDO FARMER & FLEA MARKET Every Sat & Sun -Hwy 301 15 min from Gainesville 468-2255. 4-20-71-21 FIRST STRIKE PAINTBALL Airball, Speedball, Forts on 27 acres Call for the best group rates! 352-338-8408 4-20-71-21 ROCKYCREEK PAINTBALL In Gainesville Better Prices Better Fields Better Call 371-2092 4 20-71-21 -rickets ***EUROPE $429 RT*** Train & cruises also available Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-20-71-22 *'**WEST COAST $198 RT*** Los Angeles, Seattle & more! Call for best rates. Gator Country Travel 373-1992 FL Seller of Travel Reg. No. ST-18264 4-20-71-12 Depart: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30PM/reverse $40 r/t Mia-FtL/Pomp-WPB-FtP. 336-7026 www.GMGTRANS.com 4-20-71-23 Miami Bus Service $40 R W.P Bch' Pomp, FT L, Miami Departures: Th & Fr 2:00 & 4:30 pm 335-8116 www.miamibusservice.com 4-20-67-23 0w) *0 %' 4 ( 4 ( cm ( 4 C C I. I Alligator at 373-FIND and well place a tree "Found" ad for you in this section (Offer does not apply to "Lost" ad.) Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. FOUND: KEYS on sidewalk in front of Alligator. building on University Ave. on Monday. Call to identify 373-3463. LOST CAT Her name is Pea. She is black w/white fee & a white nose. Her tail is puffy. She may be wearing a blue collar. Please cdlI 333-6614 or 256-7598 4-15-10-25 Finders Keepers? If you find something, you can place a FREE FOUND AD in our lost & found section. Be kind to someone who's lost what you've found. Call 373-FIND. I I, 0 S S S S S I F op, L. L. 'm) p I Join the Designated Driver Club UF students with a designated driver program card will receive free soda* when it is presented at participating establishments. Cards available in 202 Peabody hall & 302 Student Health Care Center Funded by FIPSE Grant F 

PAGE 21

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 3 ALLIGATOR, 21 UF ROUNDUP Relay team hits world's third-fastest time in 2005 UF's 4x100-meter relay team of freshman Richard Adu-Bobie, sophomores Mike Morrison and Kerron Clement and senior Kyle Farmer posted the third-fastest time in the world in 2005 and the ninth-best time in UF history Saturday. The team dodged frigid temperatures and snow flurries in Atlanta to clock a winning tiipe of 39.22 seconds. The time earned the foursome a trip to the NCAA East Regional. Freshman Bernard Middleton also fared well on the afternoon as he posted a regional time of 47.07 seconds to finish third in the 400 dash. The Gators will next travel to the prestigious Texas Relays in Austin April 7-9. Five UF women's pole vaulters traveled to Tampa on Friday to compete in the USF Invitational. Though none reached an NCAA regional qualifying mark, juniors Dara Altman and Amy Carr led the group by posting a season-best mark of 3.66 meters. Senior Chandra Lacombe, sophomore Dana Van Wagner and freshman Natalie Moser each finished Friday at 3.50 meters. MEN'S AND WOMEN'S SWIMMING: Currently the Gators only have two Olympic swimmers. However, after this week's world trials more will at least have the chance. Friday night junior Olympic gold and silver medalist Ryan Lochte won the 400-yard Individual Medley by one hundredth of a second. Then on Saturday, even though he did not win, Lochte came in fourth in the 200 freestyle, racing against former Olympic teammate Michael Phelps. Also on Saturday, junior Brian Hartley will join Lochte at the 2008 Olympic Trials in the 200 freestyle. Hartley was not the only Gator to qualify Saturday; Joining him was sophomore Leah Retrum and freshmen Caroline Burckle, still fresh off her impressive performance in the Southeastern Conference Championship, qualified for 2008 as well in the 200 free. Burckle finished fourtl-v and Retrum eighteenth. Retrumn was not done for the weekend, though, as she finished eighth Lohte in the 400 IM on Sunday and qualified to have another shot at Bejing in 2008. Senior Katie McCann also posted a 2008 Olympic trial time in the 400 IM. The world trials will continue to run through April 6. -STAFF REPORT WOMEN'S TENNIS: There's a certain thrill involved with Southeastern Conference play; an excitement about taking on your rivals. The UF women's tennis team understands both, especially after Friday. The Gators upset No. 3 Georgia on the Bulldogs' turf, handing Georgia its first SEC loss of the year. "Georgia began the match firing on all cylinders and outplayed us in doubles," Thornqvist said. "But we did an unbelievable job of competing in singles." UF trailed the Bulldogs 3-2 before rebounding to win the match 4-3, giving the No. 9 Gators their fifth consecutive victory. Juniors Boglarka Berecz and Jennifer Magley, senior Zerene Reyes and sophomore Nina Suvak all posted singles wins for the Gators. "There's a point in every season when you have to put up or shut up, and today we came together and showed what we have," Thornqvist said. "It was a gritty performance and I'm so proud of the team." With their spirits high, the Gators topped another SEC rival Sunday, defeating No. 25 Tennessee 5-2. -KATE CAVANNA MEN'S TENNIS: As the p layers walked off the court, their smiles reflected the scoreboard and the kind of weekend it had been. After a rain-postponed game Friday that concluded in little more than an hour on Saturday and another match on a flawless Sunday afternoon, the UF men's tennis team finished up their home season 8-0 in the Southeastern Conference and on a 10-game winning streak. "This has been one of my favorite days at Florida," men's tennis coach Andy Jackson said. "We beat a really good Georgia team in a tough match, and Tennessee is a top-20 program. It was a trap, and I really am proud of how our guys responded. It shows some development." -NATASHA WEINSTEIN SOFTBALL: The No. 13 UF softball team (29-10, 8-4 Southeastern Conference) traveled to Athens, Ga., this weekend expecting a tough test against No. 12 Georgia. What they probably didn't account for, however, was the Georgia weather. For complete stories, log on to wwzo.alligatorSports.org Facing cool temperatures and strong winds, the Gators lost two of three games to the Bulldogs (33-8, 14-1 SEC). They also suffered their worst defeat of the season, 12-4, in the series' opening game. The Gators rebounded and won the second game 3-2 on a late-inning rally, snapping thd Bulldogs' win streak at 20 games, but fell in the rubber match 4-3. -WILLIS JACOBSON WOMEN'S GOLF: Duke may have topped both leaderboards after 54 holes, but Mother Nature was the ultimate winner after the final round at the .Bryan National Collegiate. With wind gusts reaching 40 miles per hour, no teambroke 300 on Sunday. The UF women's golf team carded a 313 (+25), good enough to finish fourth for that day. Duke (+19) outlasted a strong field at the Champions Course at Bryan Park in-Browns Summit, N.C. "We shot a 313 today, and that was really good -considering the tough conditions we played in," women's golf coach Jill BrilesHinton said. MEN'S GOLF: The UF men's golf team has placed winning in its rear-view mirror. While the Gators finished second and third in Puerto Rico and Las Vegas, first place faded farther into the distance. UF had to settle for tenth place at the Schenkel E-Z-GO Invitational two weeks ago, its second-lowest result of the year. As the Gators brace for the first round of today's Morris Williams Intercollegiate, one golfer is using the Schenkel to assess the team's problems. "That's just the nature of the game," said James Vargas, who paced UF with a tie for 17th at the Schenkel. "You can't really play well every week. It's kind of disappointing to finish that poorly, but that's going to happen." UF better improve quickly. The Morris Williams, hosted by Texas at the Austin Country Club, serves as UF's final postseason tune-up. "Certainly we would like to go into the conference tournament on a positive note," Alexander said. -NICK ZACCARDI LSAT I GMAT I GRE I MCAT DAT I PCAT I NCLEX-RN* USMLE I TOEFL I OAT' 0 Realistic practice 0 Free extra help I Kaplan study centers Best teachers b Located in Reitz Union Spring classes filling fast! GMAT. May 11 LSAT .May 7 LSAT. May 12 PCAT .April 7 MCAT. May 10 G RE .June 2 DAT. Aug 23 Test Prep and Admissions 1-800-KAP-TEST kaptest.com -Test names are registered trademarks of their respective owners. G V .n .Wa 1 a IiRIIII l. I Ai a I I 11 N5 I i 0. Happy Hour 4pm-9pm $4 Pitchers -$100 Drafts MONDAY ALL NIGHT 2-4-1 Liquor Drinks 2-4-1 Bottles -2-4-1 Drafts Live Acoustic Music -No Cover 21 & up 1728 W. University Ave. -377-7333 RECYCLING. IT IS THE ANSWER TO A LOT OF THE WORLD'S PROBLEMS. IF 

PAGE 22

22, ALLIGATOR MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 UF brIngs1oad-d ats, sweeps Kentucky series FOOTBALL, from page 23 pass during third-down-conversion drills by running for 17 and 30 yards ,n consecutive plays. Portis capped i off by finding Chad Jackson for a short touchdown pass. Portis, who graduated high school a semester early, is just 17. "I should be going to my high school prom right now, but I'm just enjoying it -it's a good experience for me," Portis said. "I'm maturing and getting good with this offense so I'll be ready to go." Portis, who originally committed to Utah but quickly followed Meyer Pressed Sandwiches, Pastries, Entrees, Soups, Salads, Desserts, Cafe, Shakes and more. Virtually Cuban 2409 SW:.3th ST f-'~, 336-4125 wwwvirtuallcUbanCOum Hel1thy MR~sNed To participate in a UF nutrition study Eligible Males Must Be: 18 --49 years old Non-smoking -Not taking prescription medication *Willing to do the following: 1. Ha blood drawn after an over-night fast 2.Provide medical information 3.Fill out a dietary questionnaire Eligible study participants will receive $e0.00 Please call 392-1991 extension 273 for more information to UF, said he is still adjusting to the speed of the college game, but added, "that's how it is for every 17year-old freshman quarterback." Meyer, though impressed with Portis' performance, is far from ready to hand the second-string job to a freshman. Gavin Dickey and Cornelius Ingram continue to show strides as well, Meyer said. "[Portis] is talented with the ball in his hands, but he still plays like he's 17 years old at times," Meyer said. "We don't have a backup quarterback right now. What we do is we have three. A lot of people wish they had three, so we'll be OK." By TIM CASEY Alligator Writer tcasey@aligator.org It wasn't always pretty. It was rainy and windy, and at times, the opposition seemed to give the game away. But, the UF baseball team will take its three-game sweep against Kentucky (14-12, 0-8 Southeastern Conference), capped by an 11-6 victory Sunday afternoon. The No. 7 Gators (23-7, 6-3 SEC) are now tied for first place in the SEC after three weeks of play, with updated national. rankings due today. Senior center fielder Jeff Corsaletti continued his offensive onslaught, driving in the run. to boost the Gators ahead on Sunday. Corsaletti batted 7 for 14 with a home run and seven RBI in the series. Corsaletti, however, preferred to credit teammates like redshirt freshman Brandon McArthur, who hit his first career home run Sunday. "Guys executed when they needed to," Corsaletti said. "[Brandon] McArthur really set the tone, hitting the home run to tie it up. He's getting his wheels turning." McArthur missed all of last season after suffering life-threatening IANNINGS, from page 23 his time at U. He pleaded no contest in June 2003 to a simple battery charge involving a female UF student. He was arrested in July after allegedly throwing a keg on a student's face. The thing is, Charles was not found guilty of the keg-tossing. I always learned that in the great country we bve in, one is innocent until proven guilty. For some reason, this doesn't apply to Foley and the Gators. With no proof, it's ridiculous that Charles got kicked off the team. In his time at UF, Charles was a student-athlete; the "student" part being a point that needs to be made. The point of college is to learn -not just what one learns in class -but to learn about life. Charles learned from this. Foley didn't care. In Foley's statement, he said, "We wish Taurean the best of luck in the future." That couldn't be further from the truth. injuries sustained from a suckerpunch attack. "I've just been seeing it well lately, relaxing and not worrying about the last at-bat or the future," McArthur said. "When you struggle, you let it go, you don't think about it. You don't want to think about what would have happened if you did it differently." McArthur had struggled to regain his athletic form early in the season, but has slowly worked to Base ball reach the level that made Kentucky 6 him a highlyUF 11 touted player out of high school. He recorded six hits in 12 at-bats against Kentucky. "The beginning of the season, I had a million-and-one thoughts running through my mind -nervousness and stuff like that," McArthur said. "Before, everything seemed like it was moving like lightning. I've slowed it down. I see it and hit it where it's pitched." Friday's series opener was suspended due to rain and lightning. The Gators won the resumed game Saturday 10-9 on a wild pitch in the bottom of the ninth inning. Saturday's regularly-scheduled game became a slugfest, with UF winning 20-11. It's clear that they don't care about his future. Otherwise they'd let stay, get his education and hopefully make something out of his life, Instead of helping Charles, they kicked him to the curb. It also doesn't make sense that Foley decided this without talking to Coach Urban Meyer about it. Just look at how Meyer handled a player in trouble when he was at Utah. Meyer kicked running back Marty Johnson off the team after Johnson was arrested twice for driving under the influence. But Meyer decided to help him, unlike Foley with Charles. Meyer made a program for Johnson to get his life together. Johnson did everything Meyer told him to, got his life back to normal, and made it back onto the Utah team. More importantly, Johnson earned a degree. Why couldn't Charles be the same way? A member of the University Athletic Association said there aren't enough positive stories written. This one could've been, but Foley wouldn't let that happen. A P A R T M E, N T S 700 SW 62ND BLVD. 352-371-8009 JNA UNDRv www.LAKEWOODVILLAS.COM Freshman Jared Kubin sneaks under the tag of Kentucky's J.B. Schmidt during UF's weekend series against the Wildcats. The Gators swept Kentucky. QBs fight to back up Leak 

PAGE 23

MONDAY, APRIL 4, 2005 ALLIGATOR www.alligatorSports.org Meyer: Second-string offense still needs work By ANDREW ABRAMSON Alligator Staff Writer aabramson@alligator.org Urban Meyer needs a backup quarterback, a second-string offensive line and a better understanding of his offense. What Meyer doesn't need is a team curfew. So, while the Gators didn't exactly appear ready for primetime in Saturday's scrimmage, at least they were hangover-free. Meyer called a meeting at 7:30 a.m. Saturday. "We're putting them through mind tests and they passed the first one," Meyer said. "They weren't out Friday night in Gainesville -that's a good start." But showing up and-stepping up are two completely different beasts. For Meyer, the Gators need plenty of work on the latter. "The execution was poor," Meyer said. "Our backup offensive line -I'd choose a lot of high school offensive lines over that. We're just not very good. "Our first-string on both sides are playing pretty good right now." Starting quarterback Chris Leak went 5-of-7 for 80 yards, and junior receiver Chad Jackson caught four passes for 67 yards. The defense had no problem making its presence felt. On one drive, Leak was "sacked" three consecutive times -once by sophomore Brandon Siler and twice by redshirt freshman Derrick Harvey, who suddenly looks like a contender for playing time. The sacks, of course, were mere touches. Leak, wearing a red jersey, gets the luxury of going through scrimmages tacklefree. Three quarterbacks, minus the red jerseys, Meyer continue to vie for the rights to back up Leak and none impressed in the scrimmage, though Meyer put much of the blame on the line. But one surprising candidate might get a hard look from Meyer for the No. 2 job. When the official scrimmage ended and the Gators went to situational practices, Josh Portis came out of his shell and into the spotlight. Portis went 3-of-3 for 24 yards in the scrimmage, but afterward he began to show his running ability and breakaway speed. Portis shook off an interception SEE FOOTBALL, PAGE 22 Freshman quarterback Josh Portis didn't solve UF's backup quarterback problems Saturday, but Portis did show flashes of what could be to come, Top prospect checks out UF By LOUIS ANASTASIS Alligator Staff Writer ianastasis@alligator.org Chuckling and smiling all the while, quarterback Tim Tebow seemed perfectly comfortable with his settings Saturday. Tebow, a highly-respected Nease High prospect from St. Augustine, spent his morning taking in UF's scrimmage. Afterward, he spent close to 15 minutes talking football, baseball and life with UF quarterbacks coach Dan Mullen. "He's a really cool coach," Tebow said. "He's done a good job with the quarterbacks here." The 6-foot-3, 225-pound Tebow has received more than 40 offers from colleges, but the soonto-be senior has publicly listed the Gators as one of his top-10 favorites. "It's definitely a great offense, because it lets the quarterback run," Tebow said. "They're going to do a lot of great things here, and they've got a lot of athletic quarterbacks." Tebow definitely knows about athleticism. Last season, the left-handed junior threw for 4,286 yards and 46 touchdowns while rushing for 1,266 yards and 24 touchdowns. Those numbers were good enough to break therstate of Florida's total-offense, single-season passing and totaltouchdown records. "[Mullen]'s a really cool coach. He's done a good job with the quarterbacks here." Tim Tebow high school quarterback Most recruiting services have yet to rank the 2006 prospects, but he will likely crack the top-10 of most quarterback lists. Tebow's skill-set would fit perfectly with Urban Meyer's spread offense. The prospect, who has also listed Clemson, South Carolina, Michigan, Alabama, Nebraska, Florida State and Georgia as favorites, would prefer to sign with a school that uses a versatile offense. "I think it makes a little bit of a difference because I want to try and use my athletic ability and make a plays," Tebow said. "[If I can go somewhere where] I can do that, it'll be a plus." Foley forgets he Gators scrimmaged, but this isn't about what happened in practice on Saturday. It's about someone who didn't practice -who couldn't practice. Someone who has never and will never play for the Gators. Someone who was not found guilty in court for the reason he was removed from the team last Tuesday by Athletics Director Jeremy Foley. Former UF linebacker, Taurean Charles was quietly kicked off the team after a meeting with Foley last Tuesday. Foley made the decision himself and didn't want to talk about it. He released a statement that wasn't e-mailed to the media unless we called andasked for it. Foley didn't return calls to his office or cell 'student' "MAlbg phone regarding it.0 n Wednesday at spring practice, Foley Ian Fisher told one reExtra lannings porter that the ifisher@ailigator.org decision was released on Tuesday so he wouldn't have to answer questions about it at practice. Why nothing but a weak statement? Maybe Charles was right when he, said that Foley was out to get him for some reason. Nobody else involved in the fight got in any serious trouble. Charles has not been an angel in SEE INNINGS, PAGE 22 EThe UF men's lacrosse team started the conference season 2-0, defeating North Carolina State 9-4 after earning a victory against Tennessee. Log on to alligatorSports.org for the story. U 1998: The UF baseball team obliterates Kentucky 32-10. It was the most runs scored in school history at the time. An NCAA-record 19 consecutive batters reached base during a 7-run second inning. *NCAA Men's Basketball: North Carolina vs. Illinois CBS, 9 p.m. *MLB : Chicago Cubs vs. Arizona WGN, 5 p.m. M UF track athletes Kerron Clement and Tiandra Ponteen have been named Southeastern Conference men's and women's Indoor Runners of the Year. 

PAGE 24

24, ALLIGATOR M MONDAY, APRIL 4,2005 / THE HOTTEST NEW SPRING TREND! THE TECHNOLOGY OF FASHION FUNCTION FUN *Anti-microbial & odor-resistant Availabl -Advanced ventilation Colors var system for cooling comfort *Ergonomic Italian styling & orthotic heel Cup *Lightweight and buoyant Dil~aid-s 99 e ina variety of bright eolor by store.Unisex size XS-XL. USE YOUR DILLARD'S CHARGE. WE ALSO WELCOME VISA, MASTERCARD, AMERICAN EXPRESS, DINER'S CLUB & DISCOVER CARD. OAKS MALL, (352)331-1455: Mon'-Sat. 10-9, Sun. 12-6 
